Continued on Page Two.
Continued on Page Three.
demeanor and are liable to punishment by
the,court. -v .V.. 1 . ¦",• '-/-¦¦ . ;
*'S6, you see, gentlemen, if any
simple-minded, thoughtless x per
son should ¦entertain the notion for a"
minute that the counsel who appear
in this case are doing - something 1 *
which they.ought not to do, that per
son is laboring under a very, serious*
misapprehension, as to the 4 duties de-'
vol ving upon ; a lawyer. • The defend
ant, no matter how serious a crime he
has committed, is entitled under : our
litys to the benefit of a trial. In inV
css^ of murder he must have a trial • '
'/ *CTou sat here : and listened ' to the de
fendant's . plea of guilty when he was ar-
-.'¦ ."It is charged here that our client
is an anarchist, a man who does not
believe/in any law.'or in any- form of
government. ! And there " are; so we
are i ,toldj other individuals who enter
tain that opinion.' ;\We feel \tiiat such
doctrines are dangerous, are criminal,
are doctrines that 'will 'subvert ouv
entirely, proper ¦ that . the . case \ should be
disposed tof bylyncb/or mob law. We can
hardly 'take. up. a : paper without we learn
thatjin some part of this free and' Inde
pendent country some man has been mur
dered . on the suspicion or j belief that lie
was -guilty of ,' some . crime* This state of
things does .not .'exist "In' our community,
butitdbeslnsome parts' of bur Stafe,.as
every Intelligent man knows. \ •'¦ .
"There are Tin /pur- country individuals,^
not, -I .hope, ' in very large, numbers,- but!
we know.Uh^y are scattered all over; the!
country,, who"^! think* in 'a case : like "thls",' r br'
even' in charges 'of much" less degree; it is
Anarchists 'and^ Lynch'. Law.
ralgned at the : opening of ¦ this : term, but
the law of. our State!, will not, permit' him
to plead guilty, to', such a crime as this.
The law is. so careful of 'the, rights of 'its'
citizens, that* it '» will' .'not permit a : man.' to
plead guilty ;of~ the; crime of : murder,', so
that even .after" he., had. conceded his guijt'
in; this case it .:was Incumbent: upon the!
court to'.' insist • that the' trial -' shbujd 'pro-';
ceed and that thV; people 5 should" establish'
beyond , a • reasonable doubt ; that -' the de-'
fendant' was guilty of the crime charged
against him.''; . . ' '
because under our system / of ' Jurispru
dence no man can be placed on trial for
the high crime of murder, under the pen
alty of which, under the law, is death,'
without he has the assistance of counsel.''
The court has the power to designate
counsel, and it is the duty of the coun
sel thus designated to appear in the case
unless they can make some reasonable ex
cuse and succeed in being relieved of the
duty. :. ¦' ¦ - ".. :
"Gentlemen, when they become mom-'
bers of the legal profession they" become
members of the court. They are :, com
pelled, if assigned, to defend criminals; or
rather, the one who is charged with a
crime. They are compelled to accept the
duty, unless they can present some rea
sonable excuse, and if they refuse to per
form that duty, they are ; guUty-' of a mls-
"Vengeance ! Dire Vengeance on the Wretch Who CaWt ;
O'er Him and All He Lov'd That Ruinous B!ast." r
;«I suggest, gentlemen, that that
class of the community who are cry
ing; out in our cities and are sending
letters to lawyers suggesting that the
man who is charged with the crime
that this defendant is should not be
permitted to have a trial before a
court of justice are a more dangerous
class to the community than the an
archists about whom we ; read so
much. -V :-.-.-.•.¦••¦! '¦¦¦-'.:•:"¦•-.'¦ :¦• v. {-. .
, • v Stand. Firmly by Law.
] VXow.it is the duty! of every American
citizen or every good man to stand firmly
by the law and put his voice' against any
idea that a man should be punished for
"any crime until he Is proven guilty In
"court, beyond any reasonable doubt. "
"jly- associate' and ' myself ' are here to
uphold the law. • Some weak-minded peo
ple" entertain the "notion that the' lawyer
who appears In defense of a defendant Is
in'-' court * to t obstruct 1 the due process v of
the law, to balk justice, todelay by tech
nicalities." But" every man who knows the
members of ; the bar " understands . that
this is .not so.; My.; associate: land myself
are here .for; the^same . purpose that the
learned District Attorney is here! for, to
see that this trial 'progresses In a legal,
orderly and ' proper manner. We* must
In "every . way ¦ possible put down ' and sup
press this feeling that cases ' may ' be Als- s
posed . of without the" intervention of
courts of * justice.-.>' ' ; «•.. :. ; • ~. A ~' .*• •" \ j - ¦ - :^-
V "I remember, gentlemen, when 1 was a
"It is hot long since I read in a paper
that a colored man in the South bad hla
life taken because he had insulted a white
man. t .What it was the paper did not say,
but he was strung up.- . . »• '
"When , that doctrine becomes suffi
ciently prevalent In this country. If It ever
does, our institutions. will be set aside and
overthrown, and if we are not misinform
ed as to the state of mind of some people
in -some .'parts of- the country, the time is
fast approaching, when men charged with
crime will .not' be permitted to come into
court and submit to a calm and dlgrnlfisd
trial, but will be strung up to a tree on
the bare suspicion that some ono may
hold the belief that they have committed
some crime. ', ' •%. ; .. v . .
> '.'Gentlemen of . the jury, while I "believe
firmly. In' that, ,1 .do-not i believe i if creates
a danger to this country. equal to the be
lief becoming so common that' men who
are. charged ; . with crime shall not be per
mitted.to go' through the form of a trial
in a. court of justice, that lynch law shall
take the place of the. calm and dignified
administration of the law by our, courts
of 'justice.'
.government in time if they are al
lowed to prevail.' , ' . -
."At the boarding-house I saw Harrigan.
He told me that. he had not been on the
grounds when the murder took place. He
gave me $20 as I was going home. I feared
to take a train for St. Louis for fear of
being detained. I tramped it part of the
way and beat my\ way. on trains.; It took
me four days to get back."
v "At the gate I weakened. I told Czol
gosz that I would go back to get Harrigan
to do what had been laid out fur me. I
left Czolgosz - then and never saw him
afterward.
Weakened at the Gate.
' "That afternoon he went out as he sug
gested. I tied the handkerchief about his
hand. Mine was fixed up the same way.
Harrigan was to meet us at. the grounds
and he was to be immediately back of
Czolgosz to prevent^ any Interference.
"Then he told me that I was to go to
the Temple of Music. I was to fix up my
hand the same as I had fixed his. If the
guards allowed - me to get by he would
have no trouble in getting by. But if they
stopped me he would not try it.
"Harrigan told him to go ahead. If
money could save him he would be saved.
Next day, Friday, I got up about 10
o'clock. Czolgosz told me this was the
day that the killing was to. take place.
He asked me to tie a handkerchief around
his hand. I did so, and he placed a re
volver, in his hand ' under the handker
chief. He asked .me if I could see that
there was a weapon in his hand. I said
that I could not.
Told Him to Go Ahead.
"When we go: to Buffalo we went to a
boarding-house. I do not remember the
name of the proprietor nor the street
where it was located. The man was ar
rested after the President was shot When
we got into the boarding-house ~ we saw
Czolgosz. I knew him, having met him in
Chicago several years . before. Czolgosz
told me that he intended killing the Presi
dent. He said he had gone to Niagara
Falls with that end* in view, but had
failed. He was to make another attempt
soon. Harrigan was present at that time.
Harrlgan told Czolgosz that he had bet
ter postpone it until the President left
Buffalo. He said there were so many peo
ple present that It was a sure thing he
would be caught. Czolgosz said he did
not care if he were caught. He said he
would shoot the President (he called him
'Mack') where til people would know why
he was killed. '¦'.'¦¦
"I finally consented to go with him.
We left here on Tuesday and got into
Buffalo on Wednesday evening late. Har
rigan gave me $50 and paid my way there
and gave me a return ticket to St. Louis.
Says He "Went tc Buffalo.
"Harrlgan told me that he wanted me
to go to Buffalo with him. He said that
there was a man to be killed, a prominent
man. I asked him who It was. He told
me to wait and I would see.
"It was on the Monday before the Pres
ident was killed, that I first knew that
anything was to happen in anarchist cir
cles,", said SafUg. "On that date Frank
Harrigan, an anarchist that I had known
in New York and other Eastern cities,
located me and made an appointment for
me to meet him at the Michelobe saloon
in this city. I* did not know then why I
was. to. meet him. He knew me of old,
and he knew that my weakness was
liquor. We both drank, but what I drank
affected me most.
day that he was one of three men
who conspired to assassinate President
McKlnley at Buffalo on September 6, and
that, he' (Saf tig) tied around Czolgosz's
hand the handkerchief that concealed the
weapon 'with which he shot the President.
prefaced his remarks 'by telling
of his -rife'prior to the present year.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 24.-Edward
Saf tig, arrested Monday after
noon, suspected of larceny, told
Chief of Detectives Desmond to-
"Much discussion has occurred in our
midst and has been called to my attention
as to the propriety of any defense being
interposed in this case. Many letters
have been received by me since I was
assigned with my associate to defend this
man, questioning the propriety of a de
fense being attempted. You, gentlemen,
know, perhaps, how Judge Titus and my.
self came into this case. The position
was not sought by us, but we appear here
In performance of a duty which we
thought devolved upon us, notwithstand
ing it was an exceedingly disagreeable
one.
"His Honor, the Judge, who presides at
this trial, as a Justice of the Supreme.
Court, is here because the law makes it
his duty to sit and preside at this trial. [
"Our very distinguished and able Dis
trict Attorney has prosecuted this act?on
because the law makes it his duty to do
so. You, gentlemen, are sitting there be
cause you were commanded to appear
here, and under our- system of Jurispru
dence It was your duty to sit here,
hear the testimony In the case and
perform the duty of determining whether'
this man is to be executed or to be set
free.
Accused Hust Have Counsel. '
. "The fiereadjanVi_cpjmscj appear here
j m UFTALO. N. Y., Sept 24.— Leon
.;J F. Czolgosz. alias Fred Nieman,
y% was found guilty to-day of mur
'" ""^ <3er In the first degree by a Jury
"^ in Part III of the Supreme Court,
la having, on the 6th day of September,
«hot President William . McKlnley, the
•wounds Inflicted afterward resulting In
the death of the President. The wheels
of justice moved swiftly. The trial of the
assassin consumed eight hours and twen
ty-six minutes and covered a period of
only two days. Practically all of this time
¦was occupied by the prosecution in pre
senting & case so dear, so conclusive that
tivea tad tiia prisoner entered th«~plea of
Insanity It is doubtful If the Jury would
have returned a verdict different from the
ono rendered to-day.
The announcement made this afternoon
by the attorneys for Czolgosz that the
*»Tr^n»nt $O!»nf g t» summoned by the Erie
County Bar Association and by the Dis
trict Attorney to examine Czolgosz and to
determine his exact mental condition had
declared him to be perfectly sane de
stroyed the only stage of a defense that
ex-Judges Lewis and Titus could have
pot together.
To Be Sentenced Thursday.
Before adjournment Justice White an
nounced that he would pronounce sen
tence upon the defendant on Thursday
afternoon at 2 o'clock. The prisoner was
taken at once through the tunnel under
Delaware avenue back to the jaiL To all
appearances be was in no way affected
by the result of the trial.
The crowd gathered at the City Hall to
day was the largest that has seen Mm
since his arraignment. People were lined
up on both sides of the big rotunda on
the second floor when court convened and
fringed the stairs leading from the floor
above. There was no demonstration, ex
cept that of curiosity. A large number
of ¦women witnessed to-day's proceedings.
At 2:41 this afternoon District Attorney
Penney abruptly announced that the case
of the prosecution was ended. Lewis
arose slowly, and, addressing the court,
said that the sudden closing of the case
against Czolgosz was a surprise to him
and his colleague. They had no witnesses
to call for^the defense. He asked the
court that he be allowed to address the
Jury at once. The court assented, and the
venerable Jurist began an address that
¦will long be remembered by those who
beard ft.
Ex-Judge Lewis' Justification.
Lewis said:
"Gentlemen of the Jury: A calamity has
fallen upon this nation through the act
of this man, but the question is whethtr
hi* act was the act of an Insane man. If
an insane man, it is not murder, and he
should be acquitted of that charge. He
would then of course be transferred to an
asylum. ,
k Ex-Convict Makes
a Very Rambling
"Confession."
Ex-Justice Lewis' Plea
Against Moll
Rule,
Punishment for the
Terrible Crime
Is Death.
Waiter Poses as an
Accomplice of
¦ - §
Czolsosz.
0
DECLARES
HE AIDED
ASSASSIN
CZOLGOSZ
MUST PAY
PENALTY
"GUILTY OF MURDER IN THE FIRST DEGREE" IS THE VERDICT OF THE JURY,
AND THUS CONCLUDES THE TRIAL OF THE ASSASSIN OF PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Volume !xc-no» lit*
BAN FRANCISCO; ; ! WBDNBro
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Grabbed Gun and Handkerchief.
don't believe one man should h«.v« to
much Bervice and another man should
have none.' This statement h» •lined.
Afterward he made a statement of two
hours' duration. At the close he volun
teered Information and went *> e yo n d a
responsive answer. He «ald he had acted
entirely alone; planned tha crime, carried
it out alone and was willing to take the
"Did the prisoner use the word 'anar-
Clj? He did not use that word, but tho
District Attorney used it several tunes
in putting questions. Czolgosz said h9
belftved every King. Emperor. President
or head of 'government to be a tyrant
and should be put out of. the way.
COUNSEL FOR CZOLGOSZ PAYS A TRIBUTE TO THE SLAIN
EXECUTIVE AND DENOUNCES ANARCHY AND MOB VIOLENCE
2
THE SAN FH AN CISCO. CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 11)01,
order and the jury filed into the room,' .
The clerk read their names, each juror
responding "present".' as his name was
called. No time was wasted.
The' jurors did not sit down. Addressing
them Justice White said: I v>
"Gentlemen, . have ; -you agreed upon a
verdict?"-' , '.,-.¦', " , ,'
"We have," responded Foreman, Wend t.
"What is your verdict?" v . v 'i
"That the defendant is guilty of murder
in the first degree." ">^-' -
There was a moment of s'.lence, and then
a murmur^ arose from ' the lips of the
crowd. It ; ended, there. There "was no
j handclapplng; yno t ch'eersf''uJustice < White's
voice could' be 1 clearly he£rd in every part
of the roora^Wjemhe thanked the jurors
for their work, and: alldwed them to go
until 11 o'clock to-morrow morning.
Court was ; at once* adjourned. Czolgosz
was immediately handcuffed and hurried
from the , courtroom, taken down, stairs
to the basementand : through the tunnel
under Delaware avenue to the jail. He
seemed in no way affected by ;the result
or the trial. " '
CONCLUSION OF THE TRIAL.
Assassin Convicted of Murder in the
First Degree.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Sept. 24.— The trial
of Czolgosz was resumed to-day with
every prospect of a swift conclusion.
- The crowd about the courtroom to-day
was slightly larger than yesterday. The
vigilance of the police was In no way re
laxed. The same careful scrutiny of each
person entering the court was observed.
The courtroom", owing to the care exer
cised by the Sheriffs and police as to who
was admitted, was nearly empty fifteen
minutes before the time of opening, but
it filled quite rapidly after that. ,s ¦
Dr. Mann Cross Examined.
There were many more • ladles in the
audience to-day than yesterday. The
prisoner was 'orought over from the jail
at S:45 and placed in the same chair as
yesterday. Members of the Grand Jury
which . indicted him were present as
guests of the District Attorney and oc
cupied seats back of the clerk's chair.
•Doctors Mynter, Mann and Fowler came
in early and Dr. Mann was ready to take
the stand at once for cross-examination.
At 9:50 the members of the jury filed in
and took their seats. > . : (
It became known this morning that ap
plication for seats had been made by
representatives of several anarchist pa
pers, but they have been refused.
Justice White arrived exactly at 10 and
the crier Immediately uttered the formal
notice of the. opening of court. The jury
men 1 - were polled and Samuel J. Fields,
chief engineer of the Pan-American Ex
position, was ? recalled to the witness
stand. He was asked by District Attor
ney Penney the meaning of a certain fig
ure, on the floor plan of the Temple of
Music. He said it was intended to show
the direction which the people : took in
entering the building passing in front of
the President and then out of the building.
Dr. Matthew D. Mann was then called
for cross-examination. ' ,.
"Was the condition which you' found at
the autopsy to be expected from the na
ture of the wounds which the President
received?" asked Lewis. ; ;..-.! ;<,
"It was not-expected, arid was very fun
usual. I never saw anything just" exactly
like it," replied Dr. Mann.
"To what, then, do you attribute the
symptoms ' qr indications which you dis
covered, the gangrenous condition of the
wound?" ;-,'.-
"It is very difficult to explain it. It may
be due to one of several things. I think
it would be necessary for further exami
nation to be made before any definite ex
planation could be made. That would be
the duty of the pathologists."
-' "You have no opinion in the matter?" -\
"I have no positive opinion.'!
- "I presume therefore that the optimis
tic bulletins that were issued from time
to time by; the. physicians were without
any knowledge or ¦ suspicion of these
symptoms . that were' afterward discov
ered?" •' ' -:>,:'; - ¦ '¦ ¦¦'* ; .'. . '¦'.-. ",. ~
"The bulletins -were optimistic in that
they gave no idea of what was to come,",
was the reply. "The bulletins expressed
no opinion. They merely stated facts,, but
the opinions which were held by the staff
seemed to be fully warranted by the con
dition of the President. -We had no reason
to suspect the existence of any, such state
of affairs as was found." . /
"Now, doctor, you say it was due to
several causes.; Can. you^ give either of
them?", >%? : ¦
v "The ' entrance of germs into the . parts
may have' been one of the . causes. "... The
very low ifltate of vitality may have been
one cause. The action of the pancreatic
juice may have been* one 1 ; undoubtedly It
contributed to it." ¦. • ; ..-'-..,•.- r~, -. ¦•-¦
... "The germs which ' you speak of are
present, I understand; in all our bodies?'.'
• ." Yes." ¦ ¦ • ¦: ¦¦ ' •.. :¦ -,-•: - ¦ \ ¦
"And make their work prominent when
"Gentlemen of the jury: In this cai
Justice White began his charge to the
Jury at 3:29. He arose and stepped to the
side of the bench nearest the jury box.
He said: •
Justice White's Charge.
"Think again, gentlemen;, here is a man
who does not want a lawyer, who does
not believe in God nor in law— a man who
does not- believe in the married relation
yet our laws are such that he is defended
by two of the ablest jurists in our city,
as if he were the most respected defend
ant and even comes Into' court and says
he is guilty. Yet, gentlemen, you are re
quired under the constitution to listen to
the formal presentation of the evidence,
notwithstanding that this man does not
wunt it* * " *r *'
"Gentlemen, I have said all I have to
say. I have said more,, perhaps, than I
ought to say. You have sworn to give
him a fair trial on the evidence. Now,
what is the evidence? I say as It has
been "presented to you it fully substanti
ates the crime charged.
"The duty of counsel on both sides is
ended. The court will charge you briefly;
then it will be your duty to take up the
case. No doubt the same thought, the
same object, Is in ail our minds— that, al
though our beloved country has lost her
greatest man, it still should maintain the
respect of the whole world, rand it should
be made known to the whole -world that
no man can come here and commit such a
dastardly act and not receive ' the fuir pen
alty of the law." i- , -. v.;".-.
"The national heart was /broken,
and it will take God's way and time
to heal it. It was broken by a class
of people who are coming to our
country in increasing numbers, and
while harbored by our laws, are pro
pagating their malicious views; a
class of people that must be taught
that we have no place for them on our
shores, a class of people that must
be taught that they cannot take the
life of any one irrespective of conse
quences.
"Think, gentlemen, of that grand man
who stood, only a few days ago, in the
Temple of Music, and how. he came from
the lowly walks of life, how he was, first
a schoolteacher,- then a lawyer, then, .a
Judge, a Governor, a Congressman and
then a President of the United States,
and, above all, a loving husband, and
that on ¦ the last "day he [ said: "It's
God's way; good-by, all; good-by,' a man
bo gTeat- thaWhei could raise his hand and
save his own" assassin, a man who could
shake the hand of even the very worst
man you could Imagine.
-. "It is a great lesson that so great a
man can stoop so- low, that he was so
great that he could forgive his own as
sassin." He was the noblest man, I be
lieve, God ever created. A man who stood
near him in the Temple of Music said to
me: 'I have traveled in all parts of the
world and Have seen people assembled to
greet their r rulers, but when I saw the
people stand in the railroad stations and
along the country through which the fu
neral train passed, that they might get a
look at the casket of this great man, I
was convinced as never before that -there
Is. such &. thing, as a: national, .heart- '..'
Eulogizes the Martyr.
dent, but the law must be vindicated.
This 'terrible thing has happened because
there are people in this country who, un
less they feel the irresistible force of
prompt and proper action in ; this case,
will cause something awful to happen to
our beloved^country. ¦
The room was not warm? but he ¦, fre
quently.took his handkerchief from r his'
pocket and mopped the perspiration from
his forehead and cheeks. <¦ At no time tlur-.
ing the absence of the Jury .did he; raise
his eyes or lift his .head or seem to know
that he was the object of Interest of bev
eral hundred men and women. -Every time
the door was opened air eyes were turned
in that* direction, the " evident , thought in
every mind being that thejury would* only •¦
take a few minutes to agree on a verdict.!
i It was 4;35 , when the ¦ crier .rapped; for
: Titus also asked the court to charge the
jury v "that if they were satisfied from the
evidence that at the time of the commit
tal of the assault the defendant ; was la
boring under such a defect of reason as
not to know the quality of the act or that
it was wrone he was not responsible and
the jury must-acquit." .
I so charge," said the Judge.
After the jury had retired to consider
the evidence the- scene in the courtroom
became t dramatic in the extreme. De
corum was somewhat forgotten and spec
tators stood Up; and" many walked about
the room and engaged in • conversation.
The guards about the assassin, who'still
sat in his seat before the . bench, wore
doubled. Chief of Detectives Cusac and
two of his men taking positions just back
of Czolgosz' chair. Others took seats to
the left and right, andmany plain clothes
men were seen mingling among the crowd
surging about the'room, closely watching
every i one whose face was- not • familiar
to them. There was no disposition to
crowd about the prisoner, although ¦ the
object of every one seemed; to be in a
position to command a full view of hl3
face. Czolgosz had been seated In his
chair all the afternoon, his hands clasped
on the arms of the chair and his 'head
bent forward and a little to the left. . ¦
V Verdict of "Guilty." ; V ' '
Justice White then ordered the jury- to
retire and bring in a verdict. Just before
they did so, however, District Attorney,
Penney requested the Judge to charge the
jury that the law presumes every Individ
ual sane unless proved otherwise, and the
court said to them: ; ",.
"The court presumes the defendant in.
this case sane." . '- \ . .
Defendant Is Presumed Sane.
"If the act was not premeditated he Is
guilty of murder in the second degree. If
the shot was fired accidentally and with
out premeditation he is guilty of man
slaughter in the first degree. It is not
necessary for me to discuss the question
of manslaughter In the second degree in
this case." \ »
"It Is proper that I should define the'
crime of murder in the first and second
degrees and manslaughter in the first and
second degrees. If the defendant on Sep
tember 6 did wrongfully, assault, shoot or
wound William McKinley by means al-'
leged in the indictment, \ and if the act
was committed with premeditated design,
and If the act was the sole and approxi
mate cause of death, and if the defendant
knew he was doing wrong at the .time, the
defendant is guilty of murder in the first
degree. < : . . . , > .
"I ''deplore any incitement to vio
lence and the man who is ready to go
cut and commit a crime because some
other man had committed one is as
guilty as the latter, and his act is as
reprehensible." s
the defendant has acknowledged his guilt.
Such an acknowledgment in such circum- \
stances cannot go , to the jury or to the
court. The law requires that the defend
ant charged -with such • a crime must be
tried. The ; law says that all the facts
must be observed and reviewed by., you.
The law guarantees that the. defendant
shall have a fair trial by twelve men- im
partial and fair, capable of taking the tes
timony of the trial and giving it thorough
consideration. . If, when all the circum
stances.of the. case are considered by you,
there still exists in, your minds a reason
able doubt that the defendant is not
guilty, you cannot find this man -guilty. <:
"The people have submitted evidence
tending to show that this, man'committed
this ¦ crime: they-' have 'given evidence
tending to show that it was premeditated.
If you are satisfied that there was de
sign and. premeditation, and if in accord T
ance with .that premeditation and design
thes*> shots were fired, then the defendant
is guilty of the crime of murder in the
first degree. You must. consider all this
evidence that the people have submtlted
to you. You must consider it fairly and
without prejudice. You are the sole
judges of the facts in this case.
"The jurors must find him guilty be
yond a reasonable doubt. You may ask
what is a reasonable doubt. While a great
deal has been written and said on the
definition of 'reasonable doubt,' in this
case it means that, the jurors are bound
to sift, compare and examine all the evi
dence, and if in their minds there is any
doubt as to the defendant's guilt they are
bound to acquit the defendant. If there is
no doubt in your, minds then you are
bound to bring in a verdict of conviction.
I am very glad that up to the -present
stage of this lamentable affair, so far. as
the. jury and the people of this city are
concerned, there has been shown that re
spect for the law that. is bound to teach
a valuable lesson. The defendant has
been given every advantage of expe
rienced counsel. . •
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WILL DESTROY ANARCHY AND SILENCE ITS DEADLY RATTLE-YELLOW JOURNALISH.
Titus then again took the witness in
hand. -
"What were the prisoners actions while
you were questioning him?"<ihe was asked.
"He answered all questions positively
and directly."
"Did he appear to be in any mental ex
citement?" - - i- .
"He seemed to be disturbed,, but not
mentally." . '¦ ¦
"Did he hesitate about answering ques
tions at all?"
"He did at first. He answered with de
liberation, | but never refused to answer
a question."
"He seemed to take'a' lively interest "in
what was going on." continued Mr.
'Quackenbush. "I asked him to maXo
-a brief statement for publication and he.
-wrote the following: "I killed President
McKinley because, I /done my duty. I
Actions of the Assassin.
"Mr. Penney and the' Assistant District
Attorney had some conversation and then
the prisoner, in reply to questions, stated
that he had killed the President because
he believed It to be his duty. He under
stood the position in which he had placed
himself and - was willing to take his
chances. Czolgosz said he had gone to
the falls on the previous day with the in
tention of shooting the President, but was
unable to carry outh~s intention. He
came to Buffalo and got in line 'with the
people, at the Temple of Music- The de
fendant told how he concealed his
weapon; how he kept his hand concealed
In his pocket while waiting to reach a
point in front of the President's side.
When he reached a point in front of the
President he fired. If he had not been
stopped, he said, he would have fired more
shots."
: "Did he say anything about planning
to kill the President on any other occa
sion?" asked District Attorney Penney.
"He said he had been watching the
President for three or tour days for a
favorable opportunity of shooting."
"Did he give any reasons for wishing
to kill the President?"
"Yes; he said that he did not believe
In the present form of government or In
any of the Institutions in It. He said ho
had for several years studied the doc
trine of anarchy. He believed in no gov
ernment, no marriage regulations, and
said he attended church for some time,
but they talked nonsensa and he would
not continue there." ' \
"He said he did not bellove In the church
or state?" asked Penney.
"Yes; he said he believed In free love.
He gave the names of s«sveral papers he
had read— four of them— and he mentioned
one known as Free Society."
"He mentioned several places where he
had been and where he heard these sub
jects discussed?" asked Penney.
"Yes, he said he. lived in Cleveland, and
that before he came to Buffalo he had
been in Chicago. He said he had been
informed by.' the teachings of Emma
Goldman and • by another woman living
in Cleveland, whose name I don't recall."
On reaching police headquarters the
night of the shooting Quackenbush ac
companied District Attorney Penney to
the office of Superintendent of Police Bull,
where the prisoner was being examined.
"Tell- us what transpired there," said
the District Attorney.
At Police Headquarters.
fendant. At the President's right stood
Secretary Cortelyou and back of him. the
other officers and artillerymen. • It seem
ed as if all these men went to the floor
in a mass. Finally the prisoner was lifted
to his feet. He was struck In the face by
one of the secret service men and again
went to the floor. He was then removed
to one of the side rooms."
Quackenbush was shown a photograph
of the interior of the building and indi
cated the points referred to in his testl>
mony.
Cross-examined by Titus, Quackenbush
told how the President was taken from
the building to the ambulance and where
the prisoner, was at -that time. -
' On redirect examination by District At
torney Penney Quackenbush said that he
stood in an elevated position where he
could see distinctly everything that tran
spired. He was present on the following
day when photographs of the interior of
the . temple were taken. He stated that
certain of the pictures showed in evidence
were taken before any changes had been
made and others after a re-arrangement
of the fixtures.
the body is In any way injured?"
'. "That is true."
"That you expected, of course. In this
case?"' . • . .
"If the operation is carefully and prop
erly performed we can to a certain ex
tent guard against the entrance of these
germs. We cannot do so entirely."
"How?" . • . ¦
"By having everything absolutely clean
which is used in the operation— the handa
of the'bperators, the Instruments, the lig
atures and things we . use. Nature can
take care of a certain number of germs
and overcome their bad effects". '; ;
\ 'Application of Remedies. ;/,..;.
"Are there any ; remedies known to the .
profession to prevent .the 'action of these
germs?" : . ; •
"Thexe are remedies which will: kill the
germs, . but it is very difficult to apply
them deep down in the tissues of the body.
After they have got lodgment in the, tis
sues it is impossible to kill them." -
"The President .was not in a very- good
physical condition, was he?" asked the at
torney. • . V ., ,
"He was somewhat weakened by .hard
work and want of air and conditions of
that kind." replied the doctor.
- "You think- that had something to do
With the result?"
"Undoubtedly," was the answer.
"You agree with the other physicians
that the pancreas was not injured by the
- "As near as could b« ' determined that
organ was not injured by the ball, but
it was" injured In some way; possibly by
concussion. Once the organ is- injured,
the pancreatic juice cart pass through
the gland and. attack other portions of
the tissues." •. " J . '
"The only attribute to that organ, is
to aid digestion?" ¦ . . . ¦
"Yes." . . „
'On redirect examination by Penney, Dr.
Mann was asked it" there was anything
known to medical science that could have
saved the President's life. I
"No," was the reply, without hesita
tion. ' "
When Shots Were Fired.
Louis L. Babcockj who was in charge
of the ceremonies in the Temple of Music
on the day of the shooting, followed Dr.
Mann. He gave details of the arrangt'
ment for the reception and described the
position of the President and points of
entrance and exit from the Temple .of
Music, and told where he stood when the
fatal shots were fifed. ' * • .
"I heard two ' shots. I immediately
turned "to the left. I saw the President
standing still and he was deathly pale..
In front of him was a group of men, bear
ing the prisoner to the floor." .
"Did you recognize any of the men in
tha group?" ' '
"Yes, the artillerymen and two secret
service men. They threw the prisoner to
the floor in. a second. I did not recognize
the men who took the pistol away from
the prisoner. ' The hall - was at once
cleared." - . '¦¦ • . • . . • • „„•
"What became of the prisoner then?
' "He was -surrounded by detectives and
secret service men. There was some con
troversy aB to who had the right to the
prisoner, but that was quickly settled and
he was taken to a side room and later to
police headquarters." -
Edward R. Rice, chairman of the Com
mittee on ceremonies in the Temple of
Music, was next called. , ' -
"Where were you at 'the time of. the
shooting?" asked District Attorney Pen-"
Rice indicated the spot on the ground
floor plan' of the temple, near where the
President stood. "¦¦¦'>'¦ ¦¦',. ™\ t _ i \ l
"Tell -us what you saw," .said District
Attorney-Penney.
"As chairman of the committee on cere
monies I stood close to the President. The
line had been passing about ten minutes.
I took my watch out of my, pocket, indi
cating to Secretary Cor telyou that the
time for the reception was nearly up. At
this instant I noticed ' something white
pushed over to the> President. Immedl-.
ately: after that two shots rang out. The
white object fell to the floor with the man
who had It in his hand.. The hall was
cleared and the President was taken- to a
chair." < \ '
'"Was this -man who was -borne to the
floor the same one who: fired- the shots?"
asked Penney. : ' . £ ._ .^
"Yes," answered 'the witness. .
Cross-examined by Titus, Rice said
there -was- no one : between' him' and the
President to obstruct his view.
. 'Were there officers on. both sides of the
line of the people?"
"Yes."' :.:'_:- ¦- ;•' . * ''¦:¦: • )'-%\ •: ¦-:¦
Witnessed the, Tragedy.
This concluded. Rice's testimony, and
James L. Quaekenbush. another member
of i the reception committee, was called to
the stand. : : : — • -.
"Tell us what you -.know,' \ said ,Dis
trict -Attorney Penney. --. : a
"I -was standing at Rice's right, directly
opposite the President, '' began Mr. Quack
enbush. "Just before the shots were fired
I noticed this man' (the prisoner) . lift
something white. Immediately there were
two 'shots. Then the artillerymen who
had been' standing- behind the President
plunged /orward, as also did Secret Serv
ic» Officer: Gallagher. ; The .prisoner was
borne to the floor 1 . Secret Service. Officers
Ireland- and Foster- were, -in- the - group,
scrambling t on. the floor, -* about, the .de*
C;;-V"f ¦'"-•' ¦<'¦'" ' *~' r <'.''*; ?"-' "''*- '»" ''¦""¦-¦ "-¦
Stops the Cough.
And - works" oft the , cold.' ¦¦' Laxative ,' Bromo
"Quinine Tablets'-? cure a cold In one day. No
Cure, .No Pay.'-? Price. 25- cents; ;.-,... -....¦-;'.¦,•,.'
"It is also a presumption of law that
every man is sane until he is proven in
sane. Evidence tending to show that the
prisoner was insane has not been forth
coming; it has been proven that he was
the agent of the crime, and there should
be no question in your miwis as to the re
sponsibility of the defendant.
"This is no time for oratorical display.
Counsel for the prisoner and myself have
endeavored "to eliminate all sensational
ism from this case. It is not my inten
tion to Indulge in extended remarks. You
understand the responsibility resting upon
you. The counsel has said there 'should
be no lynch law in this State. He has
told you that the people of Buffalo are
to be commended for the spirit displayed
by them since the murder of the Presl-
Presumption of Law.
"The counsel for the defense says if the
defendant was sane, he was responsible
and that if he was insane he must be
presumed to be innocent. He tells you
that this is a presumption of law.
"It Is hardly possible for any man to
stand and talk about this case without
the deepest emotion. It was the most
awful tragedy that ever came upon the
world. We have shown you how this de
fendant in the Temple of Music
that afternoon and shot down our be
loved President. We have shown you how
he deliberately planned this awful crime.
We have shown you how he attended an
archistic and socialistic meetings, at
which were sown in his heart the seeds
of his terrible act.
Titus then arose and said that Judge
Lewis had so completely covered the
ground that it seemed entirely unneces
sary for him to reiterate it, and he would,
therefore, say nothing.
At 10:30 District Attorney Penney began
summing up. He spoke in a clear, well
modulated voice, and every word could
be heard in any part of the room. He
said: U:
Lewis was crying when ne finished and
the eyes of many of those in the court
room were filled with tears.
Weeps as He Finishes.
"I had the profoundest respect for
President McKinley. I watched him
in Congress and during his long pub
lic career, and he was one of the no
blest men God ever made. His policy
we care nothing about, but it has al
ways met with my profoundest re
spect. His death was the saddest
blow to me that has occurred in many
years." •
"The law presumes the defendant inno
cent until he is proven guilty, and we
start with the assumption that the de
fendant was not mentally responsible fcr
the crime he committed. "We have not
been able to present any evidence upon'
our part. The defendant has even refused
on almost every occasion to talk to his
counsel. He has not aided us, so we have
come here unaided to consider this im
portant question. But I know there is In
every human being a strong desire to live.
Death is a specter that we all dislike, to
meet, and here this defendant, without
having any animosity against our Presi
dent, without any personal motive, so far
we can see, committed the act which he
knew, if he was sane, must cause his
death. How can a man with a sane mind
perform such an act? The rabble in the
streets will say, no' matter whether He
be insane or not, he deserves to be killed.
The law, however, says that you must'
consider the circumstances and see if he
was. in his right mind or not when he
committed the deed. If you- find be was
not responsible, you would aid in lifting
a great cloud from the minds of the peo
ple of this country. If the beloved Presi-'
dent had met with a railroad accident andv
been killed, our grief could not comparo'
with what It is now: If you find that-he.
met his fate through the act of an insane
man. it is the same as if be met it by ac
cident.
-"Here was a man occupying an
exalted position, a man of irreproach
able character; he was a man -who had
come here to assist us in promoting
the prosperity of our great exposi
tion. And he was shot down while
folding a reception. His death has
touched every heart in this commu
nity, and in the world, and yet we sit
here quietly considering whether this
man was responsible for the act ho
committed. That question is one that
you are called to decide. . ;
"This trial hfcre is a great object lesson
to the world. Here is a case where a man
has stricken down the beloved President
of his country in broad daylight in the
pretence of hundreds of thousands of
spectators. If ever there was a case that
would excite the anger, the wrath of
these "who' saw it was this one, and yet,
vnder the advice of the President, *L#t no
or.an. hurt him,' he was taken, confined in
our prison, indicted, put on trial here and
the case is soon to be submitted to you
as to whether he is guilty of the crime
charged against him. That, gentlemen,
speaks volumes in favor of the orderly
conduct of the people of the city of Buf
falo.
Object Lesson to the World.'
young man living In Auburn, studying
my profession, the news came that a
colored man had gone up on the shores
of.Owasco Lake and there had murdered
vpractically an . entire family named Van
Xess. The news created " intense" excite
ment. The people gathered on the streets
to -hear the news. In the course of the
afternoon It was learned that the man,
Freeman, had been arrested and was be
ing- brought to the city to be incarcerated.
The people upon the streets became more
and more excited. They began, to talk
about mobbing: the colored man when: he
arrived. William H. Seward, who lived
in that city, appeared upon the street
and counseled moderation, counseled the
people to wait and see whether the man
•was really guilty of the crime or not,
and permit him to have a legal trial. But
the people protested. He was guilty, they
raid, and must be disposed of. Mr. Sew
ard . insisted and they put Freeman in
jaiL It 6oon became known that Mr.' Sew
ard had volunteered to defend the negro
when he was put on trial, and indignation
arose against him, but that far-seeing
man, that statesman, saw that then was
an opportunity of giving an object lesson
to the world as to the proper disposition
of that case, and for two long months
the trial went on with Seward defending
the negro. It occupied some three weeks
in obtaining a Jury, and I sat by almost
during the entire proceedings of that trial
and listened to the defense that Mr. Sew
ard interposed. Not that he cared any
thing for the negro, but he wanted to
maintain . the law. giving every man a
trial, and to Dut-down mob violence.
Continued Prom Page One.
HIM CONVICTED BY JURY,
Continued en Page Three.
Francis B. O'Brien, a private m the
Seventy-third United States Coast Artil
lery was next called. He had been de
tailed to guard the President at the Tem
ple of Music, and was standing at the
right of the President when the shooting
occurred. He testified that Instantly after
the shooting he sprang at Czolgosz and
got his revolver and gave it up to hia
Sommanding officer; Captain Wise
"Did you mark it?" asked Mr. Penney.
' "I put my initial:? on it."
Mr. Penney then. produced the murder
er's weapon and O'Brfen identified it by
Initials which he made on It before he sur
rendered it. «• ''
Louis Neff, another private, and Cor
poral Bertschey then gave testimony in
corroboratlon. , '*._
John Branch, a colored employe or th*
Exposition Company In the Temple oc
Music, next took tfce stand. He saw Czol
gosz coming toward the President. Ha
noticed that his hand wa» wrapped In a
handkerchief. Suddenly two shots rang
out and he saw the handkerchief in the
defendant's hand smoking. An artillery
man grabbed the prisoner first and then
he was borne to the floor.
"Did you hear the President say any
thing after the shots were fired?" asked
Judge Titus, in crcss-examinatlon.
"Yes; I thought I heard him say, 'B«
easy with him. boys.* "
This ended Branch's testimony and the
court took a recess until 2 o'clock.
The first witness at the afternoon ses
sion of the court was James V&llely. a
detective at the Pan-American Exposition.
He described an interview which he had
with the prisoner in jail.
"I asked him, 'Why did you shoot the
President?" and he replied. *I only done
my duty.* "
Superintendent oT Police Bull of tha
Buffalo Police Department was then
called and testified that Czolgosz said
he knew that he was shooting President
McKinley when he fired. The reason he
gave was that he believed he was doing 1
his duty. Czolgoss said he was an an-
After" the conclusion of Superintendent
Bull's testimony District Attorney Pen
ney announced that the case of the pros
ecution was closed.
Then Lewis rose slowly and, addressing
the court, said: _
"We are embarrassed by the sudden
closing of the case of the prosecution.
We had not expected them to close so
abruptly. We hav9 no witnesses to call
for the defense, but I ask the court that
my colleague and myself be allowed to
address the jury."
Permission was granted by the- court
Private O'Brien's Story.
Secret Service Agent Albert I* Galla
eher was then called. He was In the
Temple of Music at the time of the shoot
ing standing ten feet from the President
"J&Sffwftt-you saw." said District
A "M7d y uty e wa3 y to keep the crowd mov
lnir The reception had been going on only
a few minutes when 1 heard two shots
flred A man. standing near the President
sSsTfiKTAS h ?at UBS
revolver, but I held on to the handkcr
° Detective Gallagher then produced a
powder-burned and partly burned hand
kerchief It was shown the Jury and ap
nlared as evidence. George Foster oC
Washington, another secret service offi
cial then took tho stand. .
Foster described his position In the line
as opposite that of the President, and
S2ld he ww scrutinizing the people as
they passed. He said the prisoner looked
him straight In the face as he passed and
the next instant he saw the prisoner's
hands go together as if clapping and two
shots were fired. Witness Immediately
grabbed him. "As the man lay on the
floor he looked backward as if to seewha>
effect his bullets had had." said the wit
ness "a**d this made me mad and I
smashed him right on the Jaw.'
Salt Rheum
Yon may call It eczema, tetter or milk
crust. ¦ . . y ¦'
. But no matter what you call it, this skin
disease which comes In patches that born.
Itch, discharge a watery matter, dry and
Scale, owes its existence to the presence of
humors in the system.- • ¦ '< • ¦ y ¦¦- ¦:
It will continue to exist, annoy, and per-
haps agonize, as long aa these humors
remain. "
¦ It is always radically and permanently
cured by •*»•' ] . ¦ ¦• " ,:
Hood's Sdrsaparilld
which expels all humors, and is positively
unequalled tor aV cataneouij eruptions. *¦'•>
DR. SCHTFFMANN'S REMEDIES.
ASTHMA INSTANTLY RELIEVED
Dr. It. Schiffmann Astounds' the Pub-
lic With the Success of His
Treatment.
Residents of this place were astonished
by notifications In these columns that the
celebrated physician. Dr. Rudolph Schiff-
mann, would make public test of his rem-
edy in this city on September 19. He In-
vited every man, woman and child suffer-
ing with Asthma to call at "Win. J. Bry-
an's drug store and obtain, absolutely
free, a trial box of his medicine. Dr.
Schiffmann adopted this novel way of In-
troducing his treattaent, believing that a
'ree personal test would be the best and
only way to overcome the prejudice and
skepticism of thousands of asthmatics
who had given up in despair after going
through the whole range of so-called
cures. He has in this manner proved tha
efficacy of his remedy, and without ask-
ing the public to upend a penny. Dr.
Schiffmann hopes that every sufferer in
this town obtained one of his free sam-
ples. He fears, however, that there were
some few who did not before they were
all given out. In order to give a fair op-
portunity to those who have not yet used
the\ remedy, and also as a guarantee of
good faith, he has now requested this
paper to announce that he has arranged
with the above druggista to refund the
money to any perse n who purchases of
them either a 60c or $1.00 package of
Schlffmann's Asthma Cure between now
and October 25, and finds that It does not
do exactly as is claimed for it; the only
condltionr^being that they return not less
than three-fourths of the package to
them.' Dr. . Schlffmajin." claims that in
every case of true asthma his remedy
will give Immediate relief— usually, within,
fifteen seconds: always within as many
minutes. It has- positively permanently
cured thousands of cues which were con-
sidered Incurable.
DR.MEYERS&CO. J|pi%
Specialist. Disease jlsii^? jf
and weakness of JSfsS . z
men. Established 1^*^K j**55V''i5j
ISO. Consultation lWi f^&l l5?f
and private . book . - * I
free, at office or by
raalL Cures guax- \WSd%**!Mg>
anteed. 731 Max- y$&95$tFW
ket street (eleva- J&< "TSl^/tf' "
tor entrance). Saa i^®sy^*»»
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. .
K££?£5 AND "WASHINGTON STa-RB-
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 50 day
15 I 0 S8 « wtek: -» t0 » n <»th. Fr«« baths;^&
•M cold water ev«ry room; flra grate* in «T«ry
room: «l»r»tor mu all night. . . :;¦
f% I B A I A F 12 * 9 ' Ammunition. Fish-
I "I fill V lln * Tackle, Sporting. Out-
la 8 I ili in * G °ods. Largest . stock.
Ill llH B^ Lowest Prices. Send tar
, 739 Market. Sll Kcarny
W. X. HESS;
H0TAW PUBX.IO HID ATT0aHIT-lT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. (Hans Soreckals Bide,
¦-. Telephone Main 983.
Residence 821 California st. below PotmU.
;.-K«»laeac« T«Ieph<n« James 1501.
Have You Seen the New, Artistic
Everett Piano?
fiSi^"?:ii ! !''il!iii!^ "m !l!i^iiiIlill! i nraniI I Cr.raF3!li||I|nnrB •' . H . not > y° u have- not seen the new
IS 18 T 1 (IK leader— the coming automobUe, so t>
|!^tt!Ji|!'!||jlSt£i^\ The "EVEB-BTT" is- a" .wonderful
! 'i| |! |fleHig^^ t * y, and original creation, imitating no
''l :l f fflfflffiiJi|sB[ jBgwW^^^ V other piano and possessing a body — a
Jp^^^^^^^^^SlS * . A Become at once the owner of an
Sp^^^^^^S^7 '' //* "EVERETT," and you, become th 9
i ll^^^^^^^^lw^j > - •'¦yAll P OSS€SSOr of a truly ideal piano.
fiiBy§l*»^^f HI! J^\\ \t\ We ur £r entl 7 request an inspection.
!i-ffS^^3^3»M^!i' '' fc For sale only by . -,v ;;•;"
HwHUKinlnB I n w- '"^ «iLti d. ALLtn - ou.,
• tBiililillM , V933 Market St, San Francisco.
BBA1TCHES: 951 Broadway, Oakland; 57 ;S. Market St.,, San Jose; 1342
Park St.; Alameda,; V"There is only one question for the
Jury to decide In this case," paid Lewis.
"The law mercifully provides fliat if rea
sonable doubt exists in your minds you
must give the defendant the benefit of
that doubt. Now we have been unable to
present any defense. The prisoner has
steadfastly refused to aid us in any way.
If the Jury could find in their minds that
this man was irresponsible and give him
the benefit of that doubt it would lift from
the minds of the people of this country
a gTcat load. It would be better to think
the act of this man was the act of a mad-
and Judge Lewis began his address at
2:45. He pointed out to the Jury that,
if there existed a doubt in their minds
as to the evidence presented by the pros
ecution it was their duty to give the
prisoner the benefit of the doubt. Their
evidence must be conclusive.
Lewis referred feelingly to the person
ality of President McKinley and the aw
fulness of the crime committed.
LONDON, | Sept. 25.^-The conviction o'f
the assassinof President McKinley Is the
subject of .editorials : in : all the morning
papers, --which/, express satisfaction at ¦ the
spee.dy; nature of the ;. trial. B) Protestations
of sympathy with the United States are
renewed. , • : .
London - Press Satisfied.
Protecting; Emperor "William.
j BERLIN, ; Sept. • 24.— Extraordinary pre
cautions have been taken at Romenton for
Emperor "William's safety during the deer
stalking ; there, according to a special dis
patch: .Troops have been stationed In the
village near. the. Romenton forests. Passes
are 'demanded, from: all persons going.. to
the village of Romenton. ¦ All ¦'¦ sightseers
are excluded. ..; \ - v -
¦¦ Great sorrow was expressed by the three
because/ of the- disgrace which Leon had
brought upon the family. They expressed
no sympathy for his plight and said that
their sole purpose was to clear themselves
and: aid. the authorities if possible. . '•.
The 'father, brother and sister were put
through a rigid examination to-night by
Assistant District Attorney Haller.in the
presence of : Assistant Superintendent Cu
sack t and Detectives Geary . and Solomon
of the Police Department. For an hour
and, a half they were under a searching
fire of questions) which resulted in the In
formation that they knew nothing about
the dastardly plot; that they came from
Cleveland- to vindicate their own name,
and if possible to aid the authorities to se
cure f roni the prisoner some reasons for
the assassination. They will spend, to
night at police headquarters, "not as pris
oners," but in hopes that the authorities
will, permit them to see the prisoner to
morrow. ...'."¦¦¦ . • . . . :. ¦ . -
BUFFALO, Sept. 24.— Czolgosz's father,
brother ; Waldeck and sister arrived here
to-night from Cleveland and went alone
to' the police headquarters. Later Super
intendent Cusack announced that he
would have the family undergo an exam
ination." | Prosecutor. Penney said that he
did' not send for the prisoner's family and
that he did not know of any reason why
they should come except to see the assas
sin.' They probably would be granted this
permission -before the sentence of death
is announced. The police discredit the
story that they came to Buffalo to make
the murderer reveal the alleged plot to
kill "the/ President.
'Assassin Czolgosz's Father, Brother
¦•¦'¦¦ ' ' • ;' ; "and Sister Arrive.
RELATIVES REACH BUTFAXO.
Govcrnm ent Officers Believe They
• Have Discovered Associates
/ of Antonio Maggio. ' , .'
KANSAS CITY. Sept. 24.— In the arrest
here to-day, of two Italians, Nicola Ales
si and Francesco' Governale, charged with
counterfeiting, . secret service officers have
discovered what appears to be a circle of
anarchists, believed to be identified with
Antonio Maggio, now under arrest in New
Mexico. .
SECRET \ SERVICE MEN
riND ANARCHIST PAP ERS
ants, . who have lived there for ten years.
The house at 208 West Fir'ty-sixth street
is vacant and has been for several
months. . : ...
¦ . . :-¦..• ? ' . ' . ... ¦
When Chief Desmond returned to his of
fice this afternoon Saftig was confronted
with Thomas Pettit, the waiter who
stated positively that Saftig was in St.
Louis on the day of President McKlnley's
assassination. Saftig, despite Pettit's
positive statement to the contrary, said
he was in Buffalo on the day in question.
Saftig told a Call correspondent that he
first met Czolgosz in Chicago, where he
was known as Neiman. ! He had a letter
of introduction from Harrigan, who, Saf
tig said, was a lawyer living at 307 West
Twenty-sixth street. New York City. Saf
tig said he himself once lived in New
York, at 208 West Fifty-sixth street.
The prisoner would not tell . where or
when he met Czolgosz in Chicago.
Is Probably a Lunatic
• Asked If he knew Emma Goldman, Saf
tig paid he never met her, but he had
heard her speak In Paterson, N. J., ; In
June, 1898, and elsewhere. As far as he
court at this time.. His amiability, con
servatism and long experience in public
affairs rendered his presence here most
acceptable. Personally, too, I have suf
fered a severe bereavement in his death.
We had been friends for twenty-five
years, and I had come to love and respect
him for his many excellent qualities of
head and heart." •
The court of inquiry was brought to\a
sudden termination for -the day eighteen
minutes' after convening by the announce
ment of the death of Judge Wilson. The
WASHINGTON. SeDt. 24.— The Postmas
ter General has d added that the proposi
tion to issue stamps for general usse in
commemoration of the lat? President Mc-
Kinley is impracticable. .
No Stamps > for Martyr President.
NEW YORK,: Sept. 24.— A call at 307
West Twenty-sixth street elicited the in
formation that no one of the name of
Harrigan has lived there since the occu
pancy of the premises by the present ten-
Saftig, the. police say, served a term In
the workhouse for stealing a book and
secured his release in August. - Two days
later he was taken from Union Station to
the City Hospital suffering from internal
injuries received In a fall from a Balti
more and Ohio train at Carlisle, 111.; Chief
Desmond says he will hold Saftig until
he is satisfied beyond a doubt that I his
story is untrue.
Henry Sdhnelder, proprietor of the res
taurant where Pettit was employed as a
waiter, late this afternoon corroborated
the statement made by Pettit that Safig
was in St. Louis on September 6.
Admiral Dewey's Tribute.
1 "Judge Wilson's death," he added, "Is
a severe loss. It is a loss not only to the
community at large, but especially to the
knew, the .prisoner " said, he was. not
known to the Goldman woman!
Admiral Dewey said that he did not
think the proceedings of the court would
be interfered i with greatly by Judge
Wilson's death. There would be, he an
nounced, another adjournment on account
of the funeral, but beyond that he did
not anticipate there would be further
cessation of the proceedings.
.Although somewhat indisposed last
night and this morning, the end came un
expectedly, as he was- in conf erenCfcLWith
his associate counsel in the Schley^case
scarcely an hour before he died. He leaves
a son, Charles S. Wilson, who has been
associated with him in. the law, . and a
daughter, Mrs.' William Haywood," of this
city. .Judge Wilson was a native of Ohio
and was 73 years !of age.
Early in life he ' removed to Indiana,
where he served with distinction on the
Common Pleas and Circuit Court benches.
He represented an Indiana district in the
Forty-second and Forty-third Congresses.
Later he formed a partnership with Judge
Snellabargrer and the firm soon took rank
at the very front of the "Washington bar.
Among the well-known cases in which
Wilson , was counsel for the star route
trials; the Holt will case, the Breckin
ridge-Pollard breach of promise case, the
trial of Captain Hov/gate for embezzle
ment, the court-martial .proceedings
against General Swaim, the Oberlin M.
Carter case and the Venezuela, Alabama,
French spoliation and the La Abra Mexi
can claim cases. At the time of his death
he was president of the Chesapeake and
Potomac Telephone Company, a director
in the National Fidelity and Deposit Com
pany, and was largely Interested in other
corporations. He also . had been attorney
for the Union Pacific Railroad and the
Mormon church.
Shoreham Hotel shortly after 11 o'clock
•to-day. Heart failure, superinduced by an
attack of acute indigestion, coupled with
Bright's disease, caused his death.'
At the -Italians' quarters were found a
quantity of letters and printed matter in
Italian bearing. Magglo's name.. The men
were ¦' bound over on the. counterfeit
charge and the literature was forwarded
to Chief Wilkie of the Secret Service at
Washington for Investigation.
. The other questions w^ere by the court
and related first to the coal supply of the
Texas. on. May 26, 1898, and second to the
ccrdition-of the machinery of the, Texas
on the 31st of that month. f
First Class Machinist. A. B. Claxton of
this city, who had charge of the port en
gine of the Texas on the day of the battle
of Santiago, had Just taken the stand
when I the announcement of Judge Wil
son's death was received. It had been ex
pected by the Government that' Claxton
would confirm the statement of Comman
der Bates concerning the reversal of the
enelnes of the Texas. During the short
time that he was on the stand Engineer
Bates was asked a few questions. One of
these was by Captain Parker and was in
regard to the steam log of the Texas. In
reply -to the first inquiry Commander.
Bates said the log had been written up
the day. after the. battle. -
• "The news is so shocking that I cannot
trust myself to give expression to my esti
mate of the "man. I can only say I have
lost "not only a clear headed and brilliant
counsel but also a dear and much beloved
friend. I am shocked beyond measure at
the news and find myself unable to accept
the report."
the court all day yesterday, and while he
had not participated • to any great extent
in the. proceedings he had appeared physi
cally active and wide awake to all thai,
was said and done.
The report first reached Mr. Raynor in
the shape of a rumor a minute or two
after Machinist A. B. Claxton of the Tex
as-the second witness, had been put on
the stand. Captain Parker and Mr.
Tergue of Admiral Schley's counsel Im
mediately-went to the telephone, i They,
returned 11 in' a few minutes, saying that
the report had been confirmed. Mr. Ray
nor then made his announcement to the
court and asked an adjournment for the
day. '¦:'" ¦ ..' . ¦ . •
All the members of the court, Including
couhsel for the Government and Admiral
Schley, expressed the utmost surprise and
sorrow over the news, while Admiral
Schley himself said: •
WASHINGTON, Sept. 24.— A cable mes
sage to-day from General Chaff ee at Ma
nila says that the transport Buf ord, which
ran aground near Mindanao a few days
ago, has been floated uninjured and is now
loading the Twenty-third Regiment of In
fantry, which 'she will bring to New York
by way of the Suez canal.
Transport Buf ord Is Afloat.
FRESNO, Sept. 24.— The Fresno City
Railway Company filed articles of Incor
poration with the County Clerk to-day.
The directors are: S. N. Griffith, W. H.
McKenzie; F.-M. Helm, W. M. Wyatt and
W. T. Porter/ all of Fresno; H. A. Voor
man, H. C. Tllden and A. C. Jewett of
San Francisco and Claus Kroeger of
Oakland. The authorized stock, is $3(0,000,
represented by 5000 shares, valued at $100
each. Of this amount $43,000 has been sub
scribed. An electric railway system for
ty-three miles long will be constructed.
New Corporation to Construct Lines
Aggregating Forty-Three
Miles.
ELECTBIC RAILWAY
SYSTEM FOR FRESNO
The report of the. recent Investigation
into the immigration service at New York
is still in the -hands- of Powderly, and it
will -not be made public for the present.
It is understood that among other tilings
It shows that in some Instances perso'id
have been allowed to land at steamship
docks as American citizens when they
were carried on the manifests of the ships
as aliens, and that proper evidence of
their alleged American citizenship was
not produced. - It ' was for attempting to
bribe Junker, an immigrant official, to ad
mit aliens at the dock as American citi
zens that the steward of a French liner
was arrested. ; Disclosures then madu led
to the' present, investigation.
In addition -to discussing the exclusion
of anarchists-, it is understood that Presi
dent Roosevelt talked over with Powderly
the immigration situation In New York,
though after. Jeaving the White House
Powderly would not say anything on the
subject. . ' ..,
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W. WASHINGTON, Sept. 24,-PresIdent
Roosevelt la giving his personal attention
to the solution of the problem of the more
effective exclusion of anarchists from the
United States. He wants to know first
whether anything more can be dono un
der the lawa as they now stand, and for
this purpose he had a conference at. tha
White House -this afternoon with Com
missioner General of Immigration Pow
derly to learn exactly what is being done
and whether there are any loopholes
through which anarchists now come in
which can be stopped without further
legislation '
¦ Upon the results of his talk with Pow
derly may -.depend very largely the char-
acter of the recommendations the Presi
dent ¦ may make to Congress for the
amendment of the immigration lawa.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Commissioner General Pow
derly at White House
Conference.
President Roosevelt In
quires Into Immigra
tion Laws.
NOW FOR WAR
ON ANARCHISTS
', announcement .was made to the . court by
•Hon. Isidore 'Raynor, .assistant counsel.
The'news created consternation not only
-.among. members. of. the. court but among
the spectators; and some minutes elapsed
belore people generally 'would accept the
report. The : Judge 'i had been present In
Admiral Dewey and
Others Pay Tribute
to Memory of Jurist
DEATH INTRUDES ON THE SESSION
AND CALLS SCHLEY'S SENIOR LAWYER
Jeremiah M. Wilson
D:es Suddenly in a
Washington! 'Hotel
WASHINGTON, Sept. 24.—Jere
miah Morrow Wilson, princi
pal counsel for Rear Admiral
Schley, and one of the leading
lawyers of Washington, D. C.,
died suddenly in his apartments in the
HEARST'S WHINE
OF HYPOCRISY
RIVAL LOVER
WINS THE BRIDE
New York Press Con
tinues Castigation of
"Red Journalist."
Miss Goodknight Says
Good-By to a Hope
ful Swain.
Farmer's Son Upsets Mar
riage Arrangements in'
Missouri
Had He Appeared "With His
Wreath Patience Would
Have Snapped. .
Continued From Page Two.
CZ0LG0S1 CONVICTED BY .OBT,
These are plain truths, not tropes. Had
the man Hearst or any one of his troupe
of hireling assassins presented himself in
person yesterday with his wreath of tinsel
and dyed muslin, his tawdry flowers of
mawkish rhetoric, he never would have
reached the graveyard pate. The bond of
self-control would have snapped at last,
and his illustrious victim's townsmen and
neighbors would have served him as a
Buffalo mob Fought to serve his creature,
Czolgosz. And he knows it. And knowing
It, he saves his hide and fills his pockets.
yjV) lay a •wreath on murdered McKinley's
bier? Nay. nay. He lays it on the news
stands. Behold the penitent huckstering
his peccavi at the corner of the street!
Would he make pretense to regret the
"shot that was fired in Buffalo"?
Why, it was his shot. It was the first
shot in the "awful, bloody quar
rel between the Commander-in-
Chief and the peasant." it was lit
¦who plotted and prophesied that quarrel
because "the Trusts control the
present Commander-in-Chief, , of
the Army and Navy of the United
States." And what "single emo
tion" could he "quiver with" save
that of supreme satisfaction? Had lie
not demonstrated that in a large num
ber of cases, including not only the
monster Marat, but the martyr Lin
coln, "assassination had change 1
for the better the history of the
v/orld"?
Would he "lay a tribute of homage
on the tomb of a magnanimous con
queror"? Nay, he must lay it on that
cf a "politicastro," "a coward, shiv
ering -whitefaced at the footfall of
approaching war"; a "jellyfish," but
an obedient jellyfish"; a creature whon
**fat, white hand has tossed to the
starving American peasant the an
swer out of the White House window,
'A Trust can do no wrong.' " These
must be the designations with which he
would approach McKlnley's bier. He has
wrought his own speil as in the nursery
tale. His words have turned toads and
loathsome reptiles as they have left his
douth. and all the charms of the peld
Viith which he summons his wordsters
now will not change them into gems.
Would he join in "murmuring rest in
peace" to him who was, "bar one, the
most despised and hatid creature in
the hemisphere — his name hooted, his
figure burned in effigy" P Those are
the words that the horrified mourners
¦would hear should this man's lips move
In presence of that dead. The phrases of
these calumnies, with their fatal glibnes«,
are inseparable from the calumniator.
Would he bid an "abject, weak, futile,
incompetent poltroon" to "rest"P
That is what he named McKinley. So he
¦would have to bid McKinley. These are
epots that will not out, echoes that will
not die.
And among all these mourning tens of
millions of his own people, these com
miserating hundreds of millions of the
¦world's people, there is Just one who can
not find at this grave of McKinley' s the
place that the eelf-styled "scurrile Jest
or" of the London press found at Lin
coln's. He can lay no wreath upon this
bier like that which the repentant rhyme
ster laid upon the other, withdrawing
thrusts that had been keen but always
clean. He is without the pale of penitence.
He has spoken words that cannot be'ta
ken back. His name is Hearst.
But now the whole earth quivers with a sin
1,1© emotion. A shot was fired la Buffalo, and
as it by an electric Impulse f.ags dropped to
half-mast by the Ganges, the Volga and the
Nile. The captive Filipino chieftain laid his
tribute of homage on the tomb of his mag
nanimous conqueror. Boer and Briton Joined
In 6orrow for the distant ruler trho had sym
pathised with the sufferings of both, and the
world murmurs to-day. "Rest in Peace." And
the American people— his own people— to whom
he rave his love and his life, echo reverently
net." — FYom the New York Journal of Sep
tember 19. AFTER THE ASSASSINATION.
XEW YORK, Sept. 21 —Under the cap
tion, "He Lay a Wreath?" the New York
Press continues its editorial castigatlon
of William R. Hearst, editor and proprie
tor of America's yellow journals. In its
issue of September 20 it says:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEDALIA, Mo., Sept. -24.— Miss Ada
Goodknight, a young teacher, and her sis
ter. Miss Anna, were to have been mar
ried to-morrow at the home of their
parents, Mr. and Mrs. T. A. Goodknight,
ten miles from Sedalla, the former to
George Suhl of Lincoln and Miss Anna to
James D. Diehl of Rico, Colo.
Last night Oscar Rhodes, a student at
Hill's Business College and the son of a
wealthy farmer, called upon Miss Ada.
a former sweecheart, with whom he had
quarreled a few months ago, and effected
a reconciliation. Miss Ada agreed to dis
card Suhl, and her brother was dispatched
to Lincoln this morning to inform him
that the engagement was off. Rhodes
came to Sedalia this morning with Miss
Ada and they will be married this after
noon by the Rev. Frank O. Fannon, de
parting immediately for Denver, where
they will live.
The change in Miss Ada Goodknight' s
plans will not interfere with the marriage
of her sister, Mies Anna, who will become
the bride of Diehl to-morrow.
man than that of an assassin slaying so
noble a man in cold blood."
Lewis broke down as he again referred
to President McKinley, and when he
ended his speech tears flowed down his
furrowed cheeks. * ,
Titus then arose and addressed the
court. His colleague had presented- the
case and covered the ground so fuliy that
he did not care to add anything to it.
Reviews Terrible Crime.
District Attorney • Penney began the
summing up of the case for the prosecu
tion at 3:10. He reviewed the conclusive
evidence of the terrible crime presented
to the jury in a clear, concise manner.
They had carefully avoided, he said, any
unnecessary display, of indecency.
"The question is a simple' one," said Mr.
Penney. "No evidence has been presented
here to show that this man is insane. Un
der the presumption of the law that this
man is sane we must consider him so.
When you consider the frightful crime,
the enormity of the offense, how short
should be your deliberations. My remarks
to you to-day shall be brief. It is not my
intention to sway you by any expressions
of mine. Enough evidence has been pro
duced here to prove this crime. There is
a certain class of people in this country
who must be taught that the law is su
preme. They must be given a terrible ex
ample of the majesty of the irresistible
force of the law that they would tear
down."
During the address to the court Czolgosz
sat with flushed face, his head slightly in
clined to one side. ¦ •
District Attorney Penney ended his ad
dress at 3:27.
Judge White then spoke In a clear voice.
"This man." he said, "is charged with
murder in the first degree. The law guar
antees that he shall be tried by a body of
honest, intelligent men. He has received
such a trial. If you are satisfied that this
man fired the shots that killed President
McKinley it is your duty to find him
guilty. If any doubt rests in your minds
he is entitled to the benefit of the doubt.
You are the sole judges of all the facts
presented in the court."
"Guilty," Finds the Jury.
Judge White showed • great emotion
when he spoke of the life of President
McKinley. In closing he said: .
"If on the 6th day of September the de
fendant did willfully, without cause/shoot
and wound President McKinley and such
assault was committed with a premedita
ted plan; if euch shooting and wounding
resulted in the death of President Mc-
Kinley. you will find this defendant guilty
of murder in the first degree."
He explained to the jury the different
degrees of murder. •
District Attorney Penney then asked the
Judge to charge the jury that the law
presumes every individual sane until
proved otherwise. Judge White in reply
said to the jurymen:
"The law presumes the defendant in this
case sane."
The jury retired to consider the evi
dence at 3:51 o'clock.
At 4:26 the jury returned and announced
a verdict of guilty of murder injtha first
degree. . : .
The court adjourned at 4:28. Before ad
journment Judge White announced that
he would pronounce sentence upon the de
fendant on Thursday afternoon at 2
o'clock. This was at the suggestion of the
District Attorney. Czolgosz was imme
diately taken back to his cell, and to all
appearances had been in no way affected
by the result of the trial. . .
DECLARES HE AIDED ASSASSIN.
Continued From Page One.
EMMA GOLDMAN
IS AGAIN FREE
Case Against Woman
Anarchist Dismissed
in Court.
CHICAGO, Sept. 24.— Emma Goldman,
the anarchist lecturer, was liberated to
day after two weeks' incarceration, fol
lowing the assassination of the President.
Attorney Owens,' for the city, informed
Magistrate Prindlville that the upper
court had freed the men named as Miss
Goldman's co-conspirators and that thera
was no evidence against her. . .
"Dismissed for want of prosecution; call
the next case," said the Justice, briefly,
and in a moment Miss Goldman was shak
ing hands with her anarchist fiends, who
were in court.
"I have practically no plans for the fu
ture at present," she said. "I have prom
ised to write articles for three magazines
and Journals, but otherwise my path 13
unmarked."
In company with Mre. Abraham Isaak,
wife of the anarchist editor, Missi Gold
man entered a carriage and was driven
to the Isaak home. A curious crowd
watched her depart, but there was no
demonstration. ' I
Young Highwayman's Fate.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 24.— Walter Thomp
son, a young man, 19 years of age . mar
ried, and the father of a child, was to-day
sentenced to six years in San Quentln for
highway robbery. A few weeks ago ha
relieved a stranger of several dollars and
pleaded guilty when arraigned.
Exploding Engine Kills Fireman.
JACKSON, Mich., Sept. 24.— Michigan
Central engine No. 590 exploded to-day at
New Buffalo, instantly killing Foreman
Milchael W'iley. Engineer J. B. Palmer
and Brakeman F. J. Crouch were slight
ly injured. The explosion was caused by
the blowing out of the crown sheet.
THE S AN; FRANC
SENIOR COUNSEL FOR REAR
'ADMIRAL SCHLEY, WHO
DIED SUDDENLY.
3
DR.- KILMEB'S SWAMP«BX)OT.
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT.
The Great Kidney, iLiver
and Bladder Remedy. '~h-
SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT FREE BY MAIL.
Swamp-Root, discovered by the eminent
kidney and bladder specialist, promptly
cures kidney, liver, bladder and uric add
troubles.
Some of the early symptoms e>f weak
kidneys are pain or dull ache In the back,
rheumatism, dizziness? headache, tervous-
ness, catarrh of the bladder, gravel or
calculi, bloating, ¦sallow complexion, puffy
or dark circles under the eyes, tiuppres-
slon of urine, or compelled to pass water
often day and night.
The mild and extraordinary effect of Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root is soon realized. K
stands the highest for Its wonderf x\ cures
of the most distressing cases. If you need
a medicine you should have the best.
Sold by druggists in fifty-cent and one-
dollar sizes. You may have a sample bot-
tle of Dr. Kilmer's - Swamp-Root and a
pamphlet that tells all about it, including
many of the thousands of letters received
from sufferers cured, both sent free by
mall. "Write Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Blngham-
ton. N. T., and please mention that you
read this generous offer in the San Fran-
cisco Daily Call.
........... & — 5
III stilts n ¦
H^ ¦ Every day adds, a new
. list of. people who are sat-
isfied that we make a suit
.. : to order for $10.00 that
fits, looks and wears excep-
.-•.:.:- tionally well for the price
And as our regular cus- HlgBl
i|i§i|yw tomers come time after w
WllBf time for suits at this price, iffffv
* s P rettv g°°d evidence i| ¦
egl that the suits are ¦'¦¦ worth 11 S
KB the money. B|
[^t- : It is the quality of the V
« clothes that makes.the reg-
It is our guarantee that
. "® makes -the new customers
~ B EBBS back if you are not satis- jSl
/HrJIfif • fied; or a year's repairing fl Ht
IlH ree - ou decide to keep _ «m l|
¦' Ja w We offer this liberal guarantee fffjja
to overcome the prejudice some flgHI
people might have against pay- B g
V?.. >¦; . ing such, a small price- for "a" M n
. . made-to-order suit. - .^ Mm
__ . . ' Call anc get some samples of •
: ~'raf the cloth used in, these -suits —
\[y/2~ ' ; jj$^_ we're always. pleased to supply
' " jfflmffpft . interested people with samples > _^ .
¦tkamrnvM " u ' i8 satin factor it/ made fer out- ffi| ggjV
'{'". tf-town customers through our self- «M
fflr Wl measuring system— write for samples wg|«|Mr
if S-N-WoOPfrfP , 11
718 Market Street and ! 8*8
Con. Powell and Eddy. •
_ ____^^ • ' " ' ' ¦ .... .- ¦ *
| /dl&^k I Modest Wqin^
j j^^^^^^^^^^^^^^S\ llf becoming modesty keeps many afflicted women from consuming a doctor about female diseases |jl
/ralii^^^^l^iilPy/teft I? and the fear of an unnecessary surgical operation keeps many others away. In this way the poor sif' IS
\ f^^^^^^^^^^^yj^^ ill fe" n S woman who longs for relief but shrink* from seeking it, gives up in despair. But hundreds o f ... S
IP^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^//i 11 thousands of women in this country to-day, like Mrs. Steele, know that there is no need of giving fl
iljfl m U P —^ crc ls a P 08 '^ omc curc farofe diseases within the reach of every modest woman. If
H\j * . If ma<!c K fc worth Iivin S for 'Mi*^Steele, when. the best doctors in Illinois could not help her without K
% \?*^&** > tl ** °P era^ on k° m w^°^ $^ e rtO0i^ w^ horror^ .If you arc despondent, suffering female ills and * B
jj jf jjl * >carin 4 P* 1 "* &** *° y 00 ' .dtuSSW and buy a bottle of Wine of Cardui. \t will relieve you. : * fl
• -auss***^^ / jk^J\ jC l»a I have been a sufferer every month since I have been a woman and have been treated by the best doctors and Hi
3 / fj 1 X\ n) found no relief. The last doctor wanted me to go to the hospital and hive my ovaries removed. I He said i a "This :/ Bk
|{ f /J V yC-y •( ' m •* the only remedy I can see for you, Mrs. Steele." "No, no, I wiH not,' 1 I said. Then I found a Ladies' Birthday : H
j A~S / / -J v, H Almanac and this is the way I found -relief and I am not butchered up by the doctor.* I don't wait for my woman : f«.
r / f\ f*\ B Wends to see your advertisement, but I go and tell them. I can't speak good enough for this wonderful Wine of O
j £** fljt) V V ¦ W\ C* r< toi» • *m a strong woman end do all my work and [ride my bicycle. I send word to '[ ladies I hear 'are suffering v H
X / Vy^"*^ 11 and! saved r 'one Udy^from lodiij{ Im^j^liyJl^^vlnjI'l^WJ^of'Ciirdui^'^i 1 *!^/-^ t'-::-: Mrs. B. M. STEELE. Bf
/ fyi} C J I) 11 All druggists sell $1.00 bottles. -- > Yn
' !|L ' . Jwi • For adrice and literature, address, stain eej mptoras, ••The Ladles' Advisory ' . ¦¦'"'¦' -2JB
> SV j5 f SV Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. ><3y•-WASHINGTON. Sept. 24.— Mall advice
received at the Colombian legation con
firm the reports of the defeat of Generni
Marin. the revolutionary leader, who has
beer, operating In the Department of To
lima. General Marin himself escaped can-
r ture. His original force aggregated ahnm
MOO men. Affairs In the border State 3
Santander are reported tranquil.
Revolutionist Escapes Capture.
Breaks a Great Cycling Eecord.
LONDON, Sept. 25.— At the Crystal Pal
ace yesterday Arthur A. , Chase cut th*»
world's cycling record, covering fifty mlle^
in 77 minutes U seconds. At the end of
the sixth mile he was 16 2-5 seconds insld*
the record and from that point he Dut all
records in the shade. ¦.
Trotting Results at Salem.
SALEM. Or.. Sent. 24.— Results:
Trotting, two-year-olds— OHIe I M won. Bun.
beam Lou second, Oregon Sunshine thtrd. Best
Trotting. 2:30 cla«s-Salene won. Mack sec
ond. Roy S third. Best time, 2:!3<i. . .
Trotting, free-for-all— Ned Thorn won. Volo
second. Lady Alfred third. Best tine, 2:26%
Late in the night it wns reported that
an attempt was beinjr made to burn down
the framework, but the prompt arrival of
the police officers put an end to possible
trouble. To-day Mayor Townley Issued
orders for a special police officer to watch
-« y »i? nd rt2 Rht over the Japanese as well
01169 - tO gUard againSt
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 24,-The feel
ing against the Japanese, in connection
with the recemion to the Duke of York,
reached an acute stape la«t evening, when
an attempt was matfe to burn down tha
arch built by the ! Japanese in honor of
the visit of the royal party. The union
fishermen some time ago refused to have
anything to do with an Illuminated pro
cession of flshingr boats If the Japanese
vere allowed to participate in it. and they
showed a great deal of dissatisfaction yea
terday when the Japanese were buildlnjr
their arch, one of the handsomest in the
city, in the center of. one of the principal
business streets.
Object to, Orientals Taking Part in
Vancouver's Welccme to the
Duke of York.
"UNION" MEN ATTEMPT TO
BURN JAPAJTESB ARCH
T> XT V*
Washington 4 9 3
Detroit 18 3
Batteries— Carriclc and CUrke. Cronln and
Shaw.
BOSTON, Sept. 24.— Boston won out in the
eighth. Attendance, £00. Score:
Chicago -*.""""""*"!!"""""" 5 7 1
Batteries-Winters and Crlger; Platt, Sulli
van and Sugden.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 21.— It was a fcud
hlttlng game. Attendance. 1600. Score:
R. H. E.
Milwaukee 4 13 3
Philadelphia 5 11 1
Batteries— Garvin and Maloney; Wllt» and
Powers^
BALTIMORE. Sept. 24.— Eoth teams hit th«
ball hard, but Cleveland's loose fielding and
Crystal's wlldness enabled :he locals to win.
Attendance. 9C0. Score:
«v* IT. C
Baltimore u 14 j
Cleveland 8 11 7
Batteries— Howell and Robinson. Crystal and
Wood.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 24-Carrlck. In stl
save one Inning, had the visitors at his mercy.
In the first he retired the stde with a man on
every base. Attendance. 1130. Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburg .' 14 11 3
New York 9 9 I
Batteries— Merritt and ZImraer: Smith, Phyle,
McGee and Warner. Umpire — O'Day.
R- H. E.
Chicago 0 7 I
Philadelphia 4 9 I
Batteries— Eason and Kling;", Orth and Mc-
Farland. Umpire— Dwyer.
PITTSBTTRG. Sept. 24.— Plttsburgr made fiva
runs oft McGee In the first and eight In tha
second off Phyle. For the bs.lance of the game
Smith held them down to three hits and one
run. Attendance, 2200. Scors:
Cincinnati 2 5 J
Brooklyn. 18 23 1
Batteries— Phillips and Ptitz; Kltson and
McGulre. Umpires— Nash aad Brown.
CHICAGO, Sept. 24.— Orth pitched fine ball,
and with good support shut out Chicago. At
tendance, <T0. Score: -
R. H. E.
Boston 4 10 ]
St. Louis _ 3 3 1
Batteries— Nichols and Tenny; Joyca and
Haydon. Umpire— Emslle.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 24.— Phillips was batted
unmercifully. Kltson knocked a home run
over the left field fence. It was the first tima
this feat has been accomplished. Attendance,
5001 ¦ The score:
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 24.— It was nip and tuck
until the last man was retired In the eleventh
Inning. Nichols allowed only three hits, but
the locals scored three runn in the sixth In
ning on two bases on balls and a single. Lowe's
single In the eleventh scored the winning rua
for Boston. Attendance, 1201). Score:
R. H. E.
and American Leagues.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
Results of Flaying ir. the National
Third race. Hunters* flat handicap, one mile
and a half— Beau Ideal won. Barley Surar sec
ond. Wenlock third. Time. 2:50H.
Fourth race, steeplechase, one mile and
three-quarters — Arquebus won. Conover second
Snowstorm third. Time, 3:33.
Fifth race, one mile— Handicapper won. Myn
heer second, Tenderloin third. Tune, 1 l:4i>i
Sixth race, five furlongs— Sir Louis won
Caller Herrin second. Natal C H third. Time'
1:06. » '
TORONTO. Ont., Sept. 24.— Results:
l T t v ra SL-. * lx "irlonKs— Lady Kent won.
Midnight Chimes second, Tharoah third. Time,
1:15.\ \
Second race, nix furlongs— Flintlock won.
Red Robe second. Plum Tart third. Tims.
2:08 class; pacing; purse $1000— Harold M won
In straight heats. Time, 2:07, 2:06Vs. S-Wi"
The Bishop. lone. ¦Will Leyburn. Carm>ne'
Fred The Kid. Carnot. Tom Nolan and Malor
Muscovite also started.
2:10 class; trotting; purse $l00f>- Henrietta
won • in straight heats. Time. 2:14. 2:12V
J:15*l. Coiad. Betsy -.Pell, Lady Constantlna.
Wentworth, . John Weber and King Clerc also
started.
2:23 trot: purse $1500: unfinished from* yes
terday—Cloria won fifth, sixth and seventh
heats. Time. 2:16^. 2:14. 2:15^4. Reflected
won third and fourth heats. Time. 2:18%. 2:18.
Robert A won first and second h»ats. Time,
2:16H. 2:1«H- Red Princess. Joe Steiner. Miss
Mancy end Dr. Strong also started.
2:19 «rot* purse $1500— Neighbor (llrl won in
straight heats. Time. 2:13H. 2:13. J:12%4. Gal
betor. Mlnka. Oneonta. Cheekmat». Slntnore
R. K. Fox, Eddie L, Lady Patchlt?, The Mer
chant and Cardiman also started.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 24.— Oakley results:
Third race, seven furlongs. ¦ sellinij— Sam Laz
arus won. Uterp . second, Elsie • Barnes third.
Time, 1:28.
F6urth race, five and a half furlongs, selling
—Louise Wagner won. Lady Brockway second.
Kaffir third. Time. 1:09. "
Fifth race, mile and an eighth, selling— Terra
Incognita won. Aurea second. Satir. Coat third
Time. l:M.
Sixth race. mile, selling— Percy "V,* won, Bur
nett's Walkaway second. Lady of the West
third. Time. 1:4S.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 24.— Delmar results:
First race, five furlongs, selling— Regal won,
Tennle F second, John . Storm third. Time.
l:02V4.
i Second race, five and a-half furlsncs. selling
-Man won. Mr. Tlmberlake . second, Irosuta
third. Time; l:0S%. .- - .- ;
Sixth race, about six furlongs— Ilium won,
Irene Lindsay second. "Wealth third. Time,
1:10 3-5.
Fifth race, mile and seventy j-ards—Louis
ville won. Redpath second. Lombrc third. Time.
1:44 4-5.
Fourth race. Albemarle stakes, Qve furlongs
—Prophetic won. Lady-Sterling uecond. Zirl
third. Time. 1:01.
Third race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Lucky Star won, Alpen second, Dolando third.
Time, 1:48 1-5.
First race. King's Highway hurdle handicap,
mile and three-quarters— Jim McGlbbon won.
Miss Mitchell second. Matt Simpson third.
Time. 3:13.
Second race, about six furlongs — Lord Quex
won, Tribe's Hill second, Fort Royal third.
Time, 1:10 3-fr.
NEW YORK, Sept. 24.— Gravesend results:
Big Tracks.
CHICAGO, Sept. ' 24.— Hawthorne results:
First race, five and a half furlonjfs— Gallantrie
won. Duke of Connaught second, Wild Oats
third. Time, l:08H. . ... TO
Second race, mile and a quarter. Belling— Fly-
Ing Torpedo won. Barilla second, Harry Preston
third. Time. 2:05%. .
Third race, steeplechase, short course — Corll
lo won, Mazo second. Globe II third. Time,
2:5534.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth. handicap-
Charley O'Brien won, Orontas second. Searcher
third. Time, 1:47%.
Fifth race, one mile— Hard Knot won. Fan
tasy second. Miss Soak third. Time. 1:40%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs— Luclen Appleby
won The Giver second. Rose Plume third.
Time. 1:28.
Results of Events on a Number of tho
RACES IN /THE EAST.
BERKELEY, Sept.v24.-Tho first game
this term of California's big eleven will
be played Saturday on the college grid
iron against the Reliance Club team. The
contest will form one of the early tryouts
of the university's football men, ana
changes will be made often in the Hne-Un.
At this date the coaches are not certain
of the team's personnel, , but ..* 0 ' 5_}J? lt "
tion of the game at least it will undoubt
edly, be made up as follows: ,
GendotU, center; Hendricks. right H»rd;
Hansen. right tackle: Womble, .right end,
Stowe. tat guard; Albertson. left tackle; Dlb
blee, left end; More, quarter: Whipple. right
half; Mini, left half; Duden. full.
During practice last week Duden
sprained his ankle, but he will b»»We
to play bv Saturday. Sherman will also
play at his position. During practice
Womble has moved to right tackle and
Williams has filled his place at right end.
These changes may occur during 1 the Re
liance game. Great interest ia manifested
in the approaching contest and its result
will be watched eagerly.
To-morrow afternoon the freshmen will
hold a. short practice game with the
Berkeley High School eleven. St. Mat
thew's School will be played October 2.
The college people will hold a bonfire
rally on the campus Friday night to
arouse enthusiasm for the contest of the
next day. Speeches, songs and collece
yells will occupy the evening.
SAN JOSE, Sept- 24— Because Dr. Ben
jamin H. Holmes loved too ardently, but
not wisely, he was committed to Agnews
Asylum to-day. Some time ago Holme*
appeared In San Francisco, and catching
sight of Miss Fife, the niece of the lata
millionaire Liming, fell desperately in love
with her. He shadowed her footsteps,
and whenever she appeared in church or
other public places Holmes was alwayss
near, iVt church he requested ot tto
ushers an introduction to her. *
About a month ago MIhs Fife's parents
removed to Palo Alto, and the young lady
was congratulating herself that she hai
shaken her admirer. Thi;» f eellns of free
dom was short-lived, for a day or two
later Holmes appeared. He engaged quar
ters across the street from the Fife resi
dence, and on the steps of his boarding
house he maintained a vigil day and
night. Holmes wrote lotg rambling love
letters to Miss Fife, and after waiting
some time without seeing her he called
at the house. The door of the Fife horaa
was slammed in his face, but he remained
on the doorsteps. He declared he was
going to stay there until he could see tha
young lady. .
A warrant was secured and Holmes was
arrested for disturbing the peace. Justice
Van Buren sentenced nini to twenty days
In the County Jail. There. was no ques
tion of his insanity, and when his sentence
"expired yesterday he wtis charged witn
Insanity. To-day he was examined and
committed to Agnews.
But little is known of Holmes here. It
is said that some yearn ago he was a
leading practitioner of Denver, Colo,, but
he became involved in "shady practice"
and was sued for damages by a young
lady. Holmes is believed to be a man of
means, as some bond coupons were found
in his possession.
EASTERN pAR-R-RATX GAMES.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Persecutor of Late Millionaire
Luntog's Niece Adjudged
Insane.
The comparison between the two great
yachts, for the' first time in close quar
ters, led to much argument. Clearly the
mast of the Shamrock was loftier than
that of ''the Columbia. . Clear, too, was
the circumstance that the? Shamrock had
a much -stouter spar than that 'of her
rival. The diameter of the lower mas.t
and the topmast of the challenger is sev
eral inches greater than that of the De
fender. The sail plan, too, of the chal
lenger may be open to scientific criticism.
While her muslin is admirably adapted
for pleasant weather, it is thought' the
sails of the Columbia will carry her
through a hard squall, where the Sham
rock would probably be luffinff "P to the
measurements were taken at the dry dock
in the Erie - Basin. Sir Thomas Lipton
took an eager interest in every movement
and Butler Duncan was there to' lend a
helping hand. The measurements were
taken by John Hyslop, 1 the measurer of
the New York Yacht Club; Designer Wat
son, Mr. James, . E. D. Morgan, S. N.
Kane, Hert C. Leed and others. The
work was begun on the Shamrock at 10
o'clock in ther morning:. At 2 o'clock the
Columbia was warped into the same* dry
dock that harbored her rival.
area.. 114.94. square feet; the sailing length,
as per rule. 102.355 feet.- -. -
Shamrock II— Length of load water line,
89.25 feet; length from the after end of the
main boom to the end of the point of measure-
Students Will Hold; Rally to
- Spur Men on to a
Victory.
College Eleven to -Meet
Reliance Team on
Saturday.
. ¦ :-;_r -,-- • _ ¦ -. ¦¦ _- ¦• -¦ .-- : •— — . ._ . : ¦ . ¦ . \ v.7
Measurements, /of the Big Yachts That Are to. Compete for the
America's Cup Cause Much Surprise Among the Nautical
in the East and Sir Thomas Lipton Greatly Rejoices
Dr. Holmes' Admiration
for Miss Fife His
Undoing.
FIRST LINE-UP
OF CALIFORNIA
ASYLUM CLAIMS
ANNOYING LOVER
SHAMROCK ALLOWS THE COLUMBIA
FORTY-THREE SECONDS IN RACES
Cycle Mile Record Broken.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio,; Sept. 24,-Joseph
Judd of New York 'broke the world's, mo
tor cycle. mile record to-nlsrht. going th«
dlKtnnce on the eight-lap Coliseum track
lit'i-Q in 1:20, <i'fM?»: m$z ! mn<*w»tmim
BAN JOSE, Sept. 24.— A. Paladlnt. a
wholesale fish dealer at 620 Market street,
8nn Francisco, was to-day, held to an
swer before Justlco Wallace on a charge
of having salmon in his possession' out of
nfa»on. i'ulndlnl was arronted by Game
Warden lister, who found that salmon
In the possession of a local denier had
been purchased from th« accused. At th«
preliminary cxnminntlon the court, held
the evidence wan sufnclnnt to Justify Pal
odlni being held for trial.
Accused of Violating Game Laws.
WASHINGTON. ' Sept. 2i.-The Naval
Hurenu of Ordnance to-dny tested at the
Indian Head proving grounds a twelve.
Inch barbette phita weighing about eoo
tons and representing group No. I of the
side armor of the battleship Maine. Three
shot» wore tired, according to apceincn
tlons; nt r velocity of 1673 feet H. second/
Tho snoclilcntlqns required that tho pinto
should not bo i-orfortited or. cracked. The
results. were most satisfactory. th« deeo
esf penetration belnR between four and
five Inches nnd tho surface of the plato
showing no crack.
Test of Armor Successful.
FRESNO. Sept 24 —The directors of the
California Raisin Growers' Association
have formally given their consent to tha
approved packers to ship raisins Bast
before the prices for the season shall have
born named, thereby giving tho acnocU
tlon packers an Important advantaeo over
outsiders. , j •
Strike at Outside Packers.
LOS ANGK1J3S, Sept. 24.— John Green,
a laborer, was run over and killed this
morning by a wagon belonging to tho
California Truck Company and driven'by
George Gordon. Green wa» crossing Ala
zneda street at tha intermection of Ord
with a large bundle on his back that pro
vented him seeing the truck in time to
avoid it. His nock, collarbone and both
shoulders were broken.
Crushed by Heavy Truck.
- Run* responsible ' for— Jones J, McNeely 8.
Thrift-bane hit-Flood.. Two-Ikim* hits—Spit*,
Doughfrty, McNeely, Flood and McLnuuhlln,
First baaa on errors— Iy>» Angeles !. Klrst basa
on called halls— Sacrnnioiyf. £l Iwt on I.uk.-s —
I^o« Ancelea 3, Hacramcnto 7. struck out— Ily
Jones 8, hy McNerly 1. Hit by pitcher-Stanley.,
Doublo rlny-Kflly.to Klhm. Time of giuneJ
1:30. Umpires— Athrrton «n<l Hotter.'*.'
SUMMARY.
I.o-> Anxelet ;.....3 3 0 0 0 0* 0 0 *-R
"¦'Rase hits v..8 3 10 ol 0 0 «-7
SncniniiMito ......... .....1 0 0 0 0'2 0 0 0—3
; Baaa hltn ..2 0 10 2 3 0. 1.0-0
Total! 85 1.1,1 24 15 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB.' R. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pevereaux, ¦. b....:. 5 0.10 1 4.0
Flood. 2b 4 2 2 0 2 0 0
Bheehan, Sb 4 12 0 -1 8 0
Courtney, c. f, 4 0. 1' 0 2 O^'O
Doyle, r.'f 4 0 0 1 2 (Ki'O
McLaughlln, I. f 4 0 1,0 2 10
Davis, lb..... 4 0 1 ¦ \ 0 11 ' 0 1
Stanley, c 8 00 OS 1 1
McNeely, p........... 4 0 101 1 1
SACRAMENTO.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
DouBherty. r. f. ...'.. 4 1 2.0 1 0 0
Keitz. 2b... ;... 4 1 0 0 4 2. 0
Hemphlll, 1. t.. ...... 4- 1 1 0 8 0 0
Householder, c. f.... 4 1 0 0 11 0
Klhm. lb ..4' 0 0 0 7 0 0
Reilly, 3b 4-- 0 10 1 .' 8 .0
Kelly, a. s .'.... 3 0 0 0 3 6 0
Spies. C... 3 13 0 6 0 0
Jones, p.... ...3 0 0 0 10 0
Totals ;..S3 1 1 0 27 11 ' 0
LOS ANGELES.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 24.-Los Angeles
made it four out of five from Sacramento
to-day. The three errors of the Senators
cut; a big figure. in their defeat, while all
of the visitors' runs were earned. Score:
Senators Easy for the Angels.
LONDON, Sept. 26.-Lord Kitchener re
ports that twentjr-nine Boers were killed,
sixteen wounded and 350 taken prisoner
and that forty-eight surrendered between
September 1G and September 23. .>
The result of the Government invitation
to the Imperial Yeomanry to re-enlist has
proved a great disappointment. : It was
expected that a majority, of the men
would rejoin. 'Instead, the 'first week wit
nesses only thirty applications. ' New
measures will. have to be taken to secure
recruits. Tl* trouble is largely, due to
former arrears of pay. \ • -
BRUSSELS. Septf 25.-The Soir to-day
Pw rlnt ?» a dispatch from The Hagut, saying
that Mr. Kruger has determined to send a
sp £$ll ?J l f5i?, n ™ t0 « PresIden t Roosevelt.
THE HAGUE, Sept. 25.-A correspond
ent hero learns that the announcement
made in the Solr or Brussels that Kruger
has directed to send a special mission to
President Roosevelt is not correct. It ap
pears that »uch a project had been in
contemplation, but the idea is not likely
to be carried out, owing to the great ex
pense incidental to it, and to the difficulty
of securing a suitable representative. The
expenses incurred Blnce Kruger cama to
Kuropo have reduced the Transvaal funds
to a small Bum. In - fact, some of the
nocrs here are oven destitute. v ¦ ,
The course probably to be adopted will
be that Montagu White will be instruct vl
toappronchtho United States Government
and Kruger and the others will take no
action ponding tho result of White's en
deavors. KruKor, since the death of his
wife, has not been so vigorous as for
merly. . . ..
Tho Nom« banks have given out an es
timate of the output of gold, from that
and surrounding dls t riot h. They place tho
amount at $5,000,000, which Is only a half
million more than last year. . • •
Tho pasBengers returning on tho Oregon
report that the cable between St. Michael
and Capo Nome is a failure. In uoveral
places the ice has cut the cable. It hart
been ascertained that there aro nine
breaks.> The gap waa supplied with a now
cable, but It has been ¦ so damaged as to
bo practically worthless, A surveying
party hits been In the Held 'surveying a
land .route for a telegraph line. . .
The schooner Arthur U, which was re>
nort«d lost, arrived at Nomo on-Septem
ber 3, « . . ...
Count Poflhorska, accompanied by M.
Ivannff nnrt M. LuptMinky, sailed from
Nome for tho Blberlun' const' on Septem
ber 4. Tho Count goea rb agent for Count
VoulolovnHky," who is obtaining large
¦ , ., _ ,
Nome District's. Output.
Destitute miners from outlying districts
are arriving In Nome. The Untied Stated
steamer Bear, on August 31, landed eigh
teen men at Nome. These men were found
on the beach at Kotzebue Sound, penni
less and out of supplies. They had for
somo months been depending on what llsh
they could catch and game they could
kill. This party Joined in .the rush to
Kotzebue In 1S9S and had been there ever
since. * It reports that during three yeara
It failed* to find more than a few. colors
of gold.-
PORT TOWNSEND, Sept 24.-Accord
ing to reports from Nome brought by the
steamer Oregon the Indians of that sec
tion are threatened with starvation. Dur
ing the past ' few months . ab6ut 30Q na
tives have visited Nome, bringing furs
and Ivory to trade for supplies. As soon
as their goods were disposed, of
ever, whisky peddlers got among them
and exchanged liquor for the proceeds of
their sales. The Indians remained camp
ed on the beach, generally In a drunken
stupor, .allowing the season to pass' in
which they could lay In supplies of flsh
for use during the long winter ¦ season.
Unless they are assisted by the Govern
ment, it is said, suffering and starvation
will surely follow. •
Imperial Yeomanry Ig
nores Invitation to
Re-enlist. .
Dissolute Nome Indians
Threatened With
Starvation;
LOX1X)2C. Sept- 24. — The announced re
tirement of William C. Whitney from the
English turf occasions regret, but hardly
surprises those who have noted the recent
trend of events. There is a widecpre«d
feeling that beaind Whitney's published
reasons for his withdrawal is the realiza
tion of the fact that the attitude of the
British turf authorities toward Americans
is no longer marked by the absolute im
partiality which characterized their con
duct prior to tho pre-eminence of Ameri
can owners, horses, trainers and Jockeys.
During the recent season complaints have
been frequent that the American horses
were too heavily handicapped, that the
Jockeys were harshly treated and that In
terferences during the races were white
washed, which would not have been tol
erated on the part of American judges.
It will cause no surprise if other Ameri
cans of Whitney's class follow his exam
ple, which, it is noted, came closely after
the receipt of a detailed report of the
treatment accorded to Volodyovsky in the
St. Leger.
The Dally Telegraph remarks that
\\ hitney's decision must . have ! been
reached very suddenly, seeing that only
on September 17 Whitney nominated year
lings for the races of 1904 and 1903. The
Telegraph adds:
"Some American owners have not made
themselves acceptable to this country
but Mr. Whitney la one of the exceptions
that go to prov«i the rule.''
The Sportsman Bays: "His retirement
will be received with regret by all British
eportsmen."
Whitney's action appears to have taken
Huggine, his trainer, by surprise.
WAUT WHITNEY TO STAY.
Englishmen Eegret That He Intends
to Leav« the Turf.
BRITAIN FINDS
FEW SOLDIERS
• Koanoke Brings Gold.
The steamer Roanoke arrived from
Nome this evening. and is in the stream
awaiting quarantine inspection,, bringing
397 passengers and $360,000 in gold. She
sailed from Nome on September 15. She
reports that the steamer Nome City sailed
from Dutch Harbor for Nome on the 17th
with her machinery disabled. She also
reports the United States transport Rose
crans as about ready to sail for Puget
Sound from St. Michael with '600 soldiers
destined for Vancouver Barracks. The
Roanoke brought down one prisoner, a
Russian named Grpgorle JakhmanofT, sen
tenced to McNelll's Island for twenty
years for .murdering his wife.
mining concessions from the Russian
Government, and next summer a large
expedition will be soot in. • The present
visit to Siberia is to locate sites for trad
ing posts at various places for use in the
expedition to be sent in.
(Seventh race— Six furlongs, -two-year-olds and
upward, selling'.
2690Coutln Carrle.,100 2699 First 8hot......llO
SC96 1>«1 VUta 85 £264 McNamara ....107
2TO8 McFarlana ....101 2<93 Kstado .........100
2C76 Gold Baron 106 XC3S Lou Cllevcden..l04
Blzth race— Six furlongs, four-year-olda and
upward, Belling.
2876 The Blnger 11! 2692 Saul of Tarsus.1i;
%'.>Z Mike HtrauM...U2 2699 Almoner". 112
«»4 Mike Illce 112 2695 Sugden 1U
Fifth race— Futurity course, two-year-olds,
Mlllas.
1700 liotany ". 105 2691 Wandering Boyl02
26S1 Royalty 118 2681 F. Atterbury... 85
2C92 Huachuca 118
Fourth race— Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
upward, selling.
2658 Rey Hare 103 26S0 Blr Dougal 113
2687 Rollick 89 2680 Meehanus 112
2CS0 Sir Hampton... 112
Second race— Seven -furlongs, three-year-olds
and upward. Belling. - . . ¦
2C84 Pongo 115 2678"San Augustine. 115
- 2630 The Gaffer Ill 25S7 Monteraz 105
2602 Sen. Matts 115 2673 Master Cal 115
2CS5 Pegalong 115 2678 Boardman .....115
Third 'race — Futurity l course, two-year-olds
and upward, selling.
2CS5 Aphrodls SO 2690 Little Sister.. ..105
2699 Bagdad ......... 90 2694 Billy Moore 104
2697 Luca 90 26S3 Frank Duffy. ...116
2691 Gypsy Boy 85 2695 Duckoy 120
2690 Talma :.... 90
G. W. Scott, who raced San Mat eo and
Ben I^edl here two seasons ago, arrived at
Oakland yesterday from St. Louis.
J. Matthews, a well-known Middle
Western rider, also dropped in from Chl
enco yesterday.
The new California Jockey Club has de
cided to reopen the first ten stakes, orig
inally advertised to close September 16,
and has set October 5 as the day of clos
ing;. AH horsemen who have made entries
have the privilege of declaring out any
or- all such nominations, in which event
the Jockey Club will refund entry fees.
The Golden Gate meeting will close to
day. Tuesday was the date originally set
for closing, but as no racing was held on
Thursday last it was decided to extend
tho meet one day.. This being a sort of
extra session, the management has de
cided to charge no admission this after
noon. The entries are as follows:
First race— Ingleslde stakes, trotting, mile
heats, three in five.
Lafayette V. I Al Sandy
Bobby J I Tlrado
Lena Holly ¦ I A. B. P.
Track Notes.
breeze.
At 4 o'clock the work on the Columbia
was finished and she was towed to Sandy
Hook and moored for the night. Delay
in taking the water line measurement of
the Shamrock was so great that that
craft was not able to take advantage of
the tide and will not be able to get away
before morning. Sir Thomas took it all
with unfailing good nature. He said tha
Shamrock would have time enough to
prepare for the first race.
ment. or the end of the bowsprit, where the
Jib topsail w halyard block ;is fastened, 184.03
feet; the foreslde of mast, to the end of point
of measurement,, or end of- bowsprit as above,
78.28 feet; length of spinnaker boom, 78.28 feet;
length of main gaff. 66. 17; feet: length of top
mast, 68.18 feet, minus one-fifth, 54.54 feet;
upper side of main boom to the .topsail hal
yard block. 143.39 feet; square root of sail area,
118.33 square feet; sailing length as per rule,
103.79 feet. : " V> ,.-' -,*
S Both boats were measured with nfty
two men on board. The difference In the
sailing length of the two boats is 1.435
feet' This computed on the time allow
ance of the New York Yacht Club gives
the Columbia an allowance of forty-three
seconds in a thirty-mile race. When the
approximate results of the measurements
were told to Sir Thomas Lipton he could
scarcely conceal his joy.
Sir Thomas Is Jubilant.
"We thought," he said, "that the Sham
rock would have to concede far more time.
All hands now believe that our chances
are getting better all the time for lifting
that cup. Mr. Watson has shown his tal
ent in this. I do not pretend to enter into
tho mathematics of the sport, bnt I will
Bay that the result of the calculations has
been very gratifying. All the crew of the
Shamrock now believe that our victory is
oertain." .
Butler Duncan, who is to represent the
New York Yacht Club on tho Shamrock,
did not care to express an opinion. He
said the two yachts had a striking re
sembfance so far as their underbodles
were concerned.
A. big crowd was present while the
LIQUOR PAVES
WAY TO FAMINE
Columbia— Length of load water line. 89.77
feet; length from the after end of the main;
boom to the end of the point of measurement,
or the end of the bowsprit where the jib top
sail halyard block Is fastened. 1&.87 feet; the
fore side of the mast to the end of point ot
measurement or end of bowsprit as above,
73.86 feet; length of eplnnaker boom, 73.30 feet;
length of main gaff, 64.94 feet: length of top
mast, 64.64 feet, minus one-flfth, S1.71 feet;
upper side of main boom to the topsail hal
yard block, 184.74; the square root of the sail
Results. of Measurement.
v EW YORK » SePk 24— The official.
f^k if measurements of the % cup chal- .
I lenger Shamrock II and' -the. cup''
A N defender Columbia were made
publfrc to-night at the New .York
Yacht Club. The result was in the nature
of a surprise, for it showed that the
Shamrock II, which is the larger boat so
far as sail area*and displacement are con
cerned, allows only forty-three seconds
to the Columbia over the thirty-mile
course on which the contests for the
America's cup are to be sailed. >
The Shamrock has a shorter water-line
length. She has a longer spinnaker boom,
a longer topmast, a longer gaff and car
ries more canvas. Watson, the designer
of the Shamrock II, by keeping down the
load water line length of his yacht, has
got the better of his rival, Herreshoff.
The sail area of the Shamrock is larger
and by judicious handling of his spars
Watson is only penalized forty-three sec
onds. The measurement follows:
. • • •• Summary.
First race, trotting, 2:14 class; heats, 3 in 5:
Alta Vela, b. h., by Electloneer-Loreta
(Hooper) ; Ill
Dan W, r. g., by Hero (Albertson) 2 2 2
Boydello. b. h.. by Boydell (Latterty).. Dls.
Time— 2:82, 2:36. 2:31^. • v
Second race, six furlongs, selling, purse {230:
F. AVeir's br. g. Pegalong. 3. 106, by Crlchton-
Sweet Peggy (Hoar), V to 1 1
Billy Moore, br. g., 4, 112, by Duneombe-At
lanta II (Howson). 6 to 1 2
Mamie Hildreth. b. f., 3. 106. by Thornhlll-
Marole H (Burllngame), 7 to 10 S
Time— 1:17»4. -
Nellie Forest 1C6. Corrlente 112, Del Vista.
113 and the Gaffer 106 also ran.
Third race, five furlongs, selling, three-year
old maidens, purse $250:
P. C. Donaleche's ch. g. El Rey, 109. by Rey
del Sierra- Alice N <Gouln), even 1
Luca. 113, b.- f., by Friar Tuck-Rosle P
(Ransch), 3 to 2 \ 2
Peut Etre, 109, b. g., by General Mlles-Va
lltch (Howson). 3 to 1 3
Time— 1:05%.
Fatum 109 and Madge Simpson 109 also ran.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling,
purse $250:
P. Moore's ch. in. Alicia, a. 110, by Malcolm-
Vlney (Ransch), 4 to ,5 1
Llizella. b. m.. a, 110, by Morello-Lltzle Dun
bar (Hoar), 7 to 6 2
Lost Girl. ch. m.. a. 102. by Sobrante-Xelllo
K (J. T. Woods). 7 to 2 3
Time— 1:3*.
Kastalne 101 and Ringmaster 98 also ran.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, handi
cap, value $250:
W. P. Magrane's b. g. Matt Hogan. 4, 117,
by Wagner-Miss Hlght (Ransch). 7*o t 1
First Shot. b. g.. 4. 105. by Foul Shot-Grati
tude (Burllngame). 6 to 1 ..:.'. 2
Almoner, b. g.. 5. 115. by Midlothian-Charity
- iBozeman), 3 to 3 3
Tlme-l:10S4. \
Mountain Dew SI. Bagdad 95, Etta H 120 and
Darlene 100 also ran.
Sixth race, five furlongs, two-year-olds, han
dicap, value $230: . '
D. Cameron & Co.'s b. f. Parisade. 106. by St.
Carlo-Partlxana (Ranseh). 4 to 5.." 1
Louwelsea. 102, b. f.. by Rey El Santa Anita-"**,
Leola (Hoar). 0 to 1 2
Eve*. G , 95. ch. f., by Juvenal-Sister Geneva
(Hall). 6 to 1 S
Time— 1:03.
Halnault 113. Quadra 9S and Botany 90. also
ran. '
There was no diminution in the attend
ance at Oakland track yesterday and coin
seemed plentiful In the ring, although It
was not bet in $10,000 chunks. J. Ransch,
the Burns & WaWhouse . lightweight,
again ran away with the saddle honors,
landing first in succession on Alicia, Matt
Hogan and Parizade, favorites with the
exception of the Hogan horse, which was
quoted at 7 to 2. El Rey, another short
priced choice, arrived on time, but Pega
long dropped in at 7 to 1. •
' Only Dan W, Alta Vela and Boydello
started in the 2:14 trot. The track was
slew and lumpy and it proved a tame af
fair. Boydello made a mistake soon after
the trio received the word in the opening
heat and was distanced. Alta Vela, driven
by S. A. Hooper and favorite in the books,
then defeated the roan horse in three
straight heats.
D. p. Fountain purchased Pegalong
from J. D. Dunn In the morning and the
brown gelding took the first run at odds
of 7 to 1 for his new owner. Making the
pace almost from the start, he downed
Billy Moore half a length, driving. The
favorite, Mamie Hildretn, ran third. Nel
lie Forest received considerable backing
at 3 to 2, but apparently had not recov
ered from her car ride across the conti
nent.
While the barns were reported full of
three-year-old maidens, but five started
in the five-furlong dash. El Rey, with
Gouin up and an even money chance,
shook off Luca in the stretch, winning by
a length. Peut Etre took the show.
In the mile and a sixteenth selling
event Alicia, the 4 to 5 choice, and Lizzella
next in demand, fought it out the last
eighth of a mile. Hand ridden only by
Ransch, the favorite reached home first
by a neck. J. T. Woods on Lost Girl ran
third.
"Bill5 r " Magrane, whose horses only ar
rived here last Saturday, started in the
California campaign well by capturing the
five and a half furlong handicap with
Matt Hogan. Carrying 117 pounds, Matt
overhauled and passed First Shot in -the
stretcn, scoring in a hard drive by half ;i
length. Ruiz rode Etta H, the 7 to 10 fa
vorite, finishing away back in the corn
field.
All of the other starters in the two
year-old handicap got what Parizade left.
A 4 to 5 favorite, the St. Carlo filly lost
her company, disposing of Louwelsea and
Evea G by nve open lengths.
Kid Johnson, a former pupil In Alex
Oreggains' school for fighters, fought
"Jack" Granfield, . who outweighed him
fifteen pounds. Johnson was to fight
Arthur Granfleld, who could not appear
owing to an Injured arm. The bout went
the limit, the judges deciding in favor
of Granfield on points. Frank Sweeney
refereed both preliminaries.
Louis Long and Kid Chinner boxed the
first preliminary. It was scheduled for
tea rounds, but Long won In the eighth,
knocking Chinner out Long secured a
lead in the fifth round which his op
ponent could not overcome. A right to
the Jaw put Chinner out and he did not
come to for some minutes.
Preliminary Bouts.
Gus Ruhlin, who was present, said he
never saw Jeffries perform so well before
and he has been present at all his cham
pionship fight*. He usually approaches
an opponent slowly, but last night he
walked briskly up to Kennedy each time
and exchanged blow for blow.
Jeffries was seconded by Billy Delano*.
r>e\Vitt Van Court and Jack Jeffries. Ken
nedy had the services of Frank Skuce and
two others.
E. J. Smith was referee. His duties
were not onerous. The attendance was
disappointing, the gymnasium being hard
ly more than half full.
Kennedy was said to be more than
thirty .pounds above his normal fighting
weight, but he did not show it. He had
evidently trained as well as the limited
time at his disposal would allow, but he
could not wlthst^id Jeffries' onslaughts.
It 'seemed nothing human could stop
Jeffries. He was as lithe and as active
as a cat, and having satisfied himself
that Kennedy could not hurt him he look
chances he wonld not dare take with
Ruhlin and others in his class.
Condition of the Men.
In the seeend round Jeffries was after
Kennedy like a bear, giving him no rest.
As they came . together both jabbed and
then clinched. Jeffries tried a left to the
face, which sent Kennedy's head back.
Jeffries then landed three times on the
body and missed a vicious right to the
head. Kennedy came back with a left to
the face. In a clinch he slipped down,
but was up without an instant's delay.
He was still fresh and full of fight when
Jeffries landed the left jab which sent
him down and out.
Kennedy said before he entered the ring
that he would keep away from the big
fellow for two rounds and would then mix
things. He cast this good resolution to
the wind as soon as he put up his fists.
He became the aggressor. At the first
attempt he landed flush on Jeffries'
mouth. As they came together each time
Kennedy was the first to lead and usually
landed, but received Jeffries' right on the
ribs in return. Jeffries landed a right an'i
left on tlie head toward the middle of
the first round and followed It with right
and left to the body. Kennedy jolted him
on the face and then threw his right to
the body. He followed this with a light
left and then right to the face. It was
grive and take for the remainder of the
round, the pace being exceptionally fast
and the hitting of the cleanest kind.
Tremendous Force of the Blow.
. Behind the blow was the full weight of
Jeffries' body, which gave it its tremen
dous effectiveness.
The knockout blow was a wonderful
one. It was give and take for two min
utes of the second round, when for an in
stant the vulnerable point of Kennedy's
chin was exposed. Jeftries saw his oppor
tunity. His left glove hardly traveled
three inches when it came in contact with
Kennedy's chin. Kennedy was lifted
clean off the floor and fell half outside
the ropes. ¦ He was completely out while
the ten seconds were tolled on* and had to
be assisted to his corner.
The crouching attitude was cast aside
and he stood up, advancing quickly, irre
sistibly • upon his opponent. Kennedy
landed four ha id blows on Jeffries' head
in the first round, but the champion did
not seem to mind them. He kept coming
ail the time ana for every blow he re
ceived he landed two. His favorite was
a right to the tody, each time just before
they clinched. This seemed propelled as
if by the force of a battering ram and
looked as though it would go through
Kennjedy..'
Jeffries was in superb physical condition
and fought throughout like a champion.
Kennedy proved a great surprise to all
the spectators. He stood his ground and
gave blow for blow. In fact, he was the
aggressor for the greater part, of the
fight. The pity of it was there was no
steam behind the blows he landed, and
when Jeffries learned there was no sting
in them he. changed his style of fighting
at once. ..""".-.
A championship fight In miniature was
the battle between Jeffries and Kennedy
last night in the Reliance Club ring, Oak
land. From the sound of the gong which
sent the men together in the first round
until the end came unexpectedly in the
second round it was one of the prettiest
exhibitions of boxing ever seen here.
A Short- Arm Jolt With the
Left Does the Quick
Work.
Meeting at Oakland Closes
To-Day— Matt Hogan -
Heard From.
Champion Jeffries in a
Superb Fighting
Condition.
Clever Lightweight First
Again With Three
"Winners. .
KENNEDY OUT
IN THE SECOND
BETTORS STRING
WITH J. RANSCH
CHAMPION JEFFRIES STOPS KENNEDY IN A ROUND AND A HALF
¦%'¦:¦¦•.:-^-::^.,x *;.¦¦¦•.-. ¦¦¦¦¦¦ "~'u ¦-, :. . ¦- ~-:-.^ t •¦:¦:•¦;-¦',¦' ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦-,:¦ ¦.• ¦ ¦< • ::.-¦¦. • *.-•.«..¦.¦¦¦¦. .- . ¦ .-¦¦ -
THE SAg FRANCISCO CALL, WEDMDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1901.
PROMINENT MEN WHO WILL
PARTICIPATE IN, THE YACHT
RACES. . \
4
Bfejf jH R<s P es *Hng Riftesl
|y lJl "^WbBBb re P eat * The y doh't jam, catch, or fail to extract. In a
HT^vl^^Tl! word, they are the only reliable repeaters. Winchester
KkS. ivW^M rin " afe mUde '" Dl1 dcsirab!e «lto=™. weights, and
REPEATING SrcIiifiS^The betting on the coming fight is 10 to
8, . with Walcott on the short end. . There
is every likelihood that the betting will
be even when the men step Into the ring.
• Walcott's manager has challenged air
the heavy-weights to battle with his man,
but they have drawn the color line, j He
advises his friends to bet on Walcott. He
says he knows Gardner has Improved, but
thinks he will have his hands full trying
to hit the colored boxer, whereas he
thinks Walcott will have an easy time
landing on Gardner because of the lat
ter's bulk.
will be the guest of John xlerget.
O'Rourke was pleased to learn that his
champion was in good condition. He has
great confidence in the "Barbadoes Won
der" and is certain he will win from
Gardner. He is so sanguine that he is
already trying to get on a match with the
winner of the Jeffries-Ruhlin fight.- He
says people may smile at this challenge,
but It is based on sound judgment. He
states that big Bob Armstrong has
knocked "Sailor" Tom Sharkey out a
number of times at training quarters,
and Walcott never had any trouble mak
ing Armstrong look like a novice.
Puebla Passenger.
James Mcllahon, £. union fireman, was
yesterday arrested near Broadway dock
for committing a brutal and unprovoked
assault upon John Kiver, a stranger..
Kiver was a passenger on the City of
Puebla, which arrived yesterday morning
A Union Fireman Attacks City of
SEATTU2 MAN" BEATEN.
The special officer, who was still stand
ing at the corner, saw the plight of his
charge and went to his assistance, firing
». shot at the strikers as soon as he came
within firing distance. The strikers fled.
but not until they had badly lacerated
Edwards' scalp and seriously injured his
left knee.
Special Officer Rescues Him From a
Gang of Strikers.
Harry Edwards, a union lronnioldcr,
who resides at iO9 Waller street, returned
to work at the TTnicn Iron Works in order
to prevent his family from starving, and
Friday night a number of strikers waylaid
him on Walier street and administered to
him a beating- which will Incapacitate him
from working for a number of weeks. The
strikers, whp were four in number, beat
him about the head and severely injured
his left kree. Only the arrival of a spe- <
cial officer prevented the assailants from
inflicting permanent injuries.
Edwards is or.e of the twenty-one iron
molders who went back to work at the
Union Iron Works. In order that he
might not be molested by the strikers a
special officer was detailed to escort him
to and from his home. On Friday night
the special escorted him as far as the
corner of Waller and Webster streets,
and as there was no one in sight and no
reason to suspect danger Edwards was
left to go the rest of the way by him
self. He had scarcely gone a half-block
when he -was accosted by two strikers,
who commences to plead with him to de
sert his position. While these two strik
ers held his attention two more ap
proached from behind and struck him
on the head.
IBOXTMOLDER WAYLAID.
President McCabe refused to frive the
names of the employers that had conced
ed the nine-hour day. saying that to do so
would place them between two fires. The
Joshua Hendy Machine Works, the Eu
reka Foundry and the Vulcan Iron Work*
t*»» doubtless the phops referred to, but
T/ ' managers of these assert that the
rnoldcrs are to work ten hours and are to
be paid according to the old schedule.
"At one of the shops which have settled
seventeen men were formerly employed
nnd at the other eleven molders are or
dinarily worked. Owing, however, to
the fact that business 1* pretty much
run down, only twenty men have gone
back to both nhops. The men are grant
ed a nine-hour work day, and the wurm
which they ar«» to receive are perfectly
satisfactory. Tho amount offered was
mori» than the minimum asked."
Tho leader* of the striking Iron work
ers claim that the Ftrlkcrs return under
conditions that amount to a victory for
them. President McCabe of the Iron
Trades Council asserted yesterday after
noon that the men who returned to work
are conceded the nine-hour day ana
'•»«bm that ora satisfactory." He »ald
further:
turning point apparently In
i the strike of the Iron molders was
1 1 reached yesterday when some
JJL nineteen union men returned to
work. Of that number five wero
old employes of th& Kunka foundry, five
of the Vuican Iron Works anil nine of
the Joshua Hendy Machine Works.
The molders struck without authority
from the national brotherhood, the result
brine their deprivation of strike benellts
from that organization, which under oth-
circumstances would have been their
'ue.. At the end of three months the
molders had been paid as benefits a total
of Jil per man. About three weeks ago
twenty-one molders, who walked out of
the Union Iron Works, returned to work
and accepted the old schedule. Several
of these subsequently walked out again
in consequence uf the "moral suasion" of
the plckuts.
During the past two weeks the moldert
have returned to work sincly and in paira,
mj that nearly 100 of the original union
strikers are now engaged in their occu
pation which was interrupted four
months ago. In every Instance, the man
agers asfcert, tho mrn went back with tho
distinct undemanding that the time and
wage achcdules In force prior to the strike
would b« in force now.
Nineteen Men Go Back to Former Employers With the Consent o!
the Union and Others Are Expected to Follow as Fast as Places
Can Be Found for Them — Pickets Hold Teamsters in Line
IRON-MOLDERS RETURNING TO WORK
UNDER TIME AND WAGE SCHEDULES
IN OPERATION PRIOR TO THE STRIKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1901.
"When one reads that Senator Carter has
bees in his garret, one concludes that he
is a candidate for the Presidency. '
Where there's a will' there's a way — for
the" lawyers to get two-thirds of the es
tate.; : • " •. .
"Tom" O'Rourke, manager of Joe Wal
cott, the colored boxer, who is to battle
with George Gardner- in the Mechanics'
Pavilion -¦ Friday evening, arrived 'in this
city last night. Mr. O'Rourke '/. looked
stouter and heavier, than on his last visit
to San Francisco. During his stay he
Comes to Second Walcott in His Fight
/ With. . Gardn«r.
TOM O'ROURKE HEBE.
For. side rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention •¦' tickets, friends' accompanying
and holders of nine I months', excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September , 23 to
November 10 inclusive. . Limit 30 days.
For time tables, descriptive literature ana
full Information call at Santa. Fe offices,
641 Market St., and ferry, depot. '
Special Bates
OAKLAND. Sept. 24.— Frank McGuire,
who died Thursday as the 'result of in
juries at the hands of strikers , in San
Francisco, was burled yesterday in St.
Mary's Cemetery. The funeral was held
from the residence of James Cummings,
434 Forty-fifth street. At the grave Rev.
Father Lawrence,Serda of Sacred Heart
Church officiated. .
Frank McGuire, Who Died From a
Beating, Is Buried in St.
Mary's. .
LAST SERVICES FOB
VICTIM OF; . ST3IKEBS
MADRID, Sept. 24.— There ¦ are renewed
rumors that Carlist risings are imminent
in Catalonia.' It is also reported! that; the
Minister of Marine wishes to resign, : the
state of -the treasury not permitting him
to realize his naval projects.
Carlists Are Again Astir.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 24.— The first
message over, the new telegraph wire to
Dawson was put. through this afternoon
at 5 o'clock. The line was formally de
clared open for business at 11 o'clock to
morrow mornjng. The ¦ message sent to-'
day was from Governor Ross of the Klon
dike, now here, to his legal adviser In
Dawson, H. P. Clements, instructing him
regarding Important matters. The* line
runs from here to Ashcroft over the Can
adian Pacific, from there to Quesnelle, in
Cariboo, and thence to Bennett and down
the Yukon to Dawson..
Governor Ross Sends Dispatch From
Vancouver to the Klondike's
Capital.
FIRST MESSAGE.'OVER
NEW LINE TO DAWSON
Last evening ho attended a ; birthday
party given at the home of Miss Powell
and while left alone with the girl a mo
ment shot and killed her and fled. As
soon as the students of the school learned
of the tragedy they armed themselves
and started In search of Croswell.
Croswell was surrounded by a posse at
11:15 to-night. Before he could be taken
he shot himself; dying almost instantly.
He was found in a barn near the scene of
the crime, where he had been in hiding
since the murder.
Miss Powell was a daughter of the late
W. J. Powell, editor of the New Era of
Rclla. She lived with her mother, and
because of her beauty and personality was
a great favorite wherever known. Both
Mrs. Powell and her daughter did all they
could to dissuade Croswell from paying
his unwelcome attentions, but without
avail. - • • ,
. J. S. Croswell came from Boston, Mass.,
where he graduated from the Institute of
Technology. \ All of last year he paid de
voted attention to Miss Powell and was a
constant caller at the home of the young
lady.
ROLLA, Mo., Sept. 24.-Last night at 11
o'clock J. S. Croswell, an instructor at
the School of Mines and Metallurgy, shot
Miss Mollie . Bowell of this city through
the heart and'killed her almost instantly.
The motive for the crime was jealousy.
Since the capture of the rebel strong
hold and the dispersing of the forces op
posing the Government there has not been
quite as much activity, but the rebels have
not given up heart by any means. They
.have been dispersed but not conquered.
'They have been beaten, but they have
I not surrendered. Reports that all of the
rebels at Old Bank, a suburb of Bocas,
were either killed or taken prisoner turns
out to be a mistake. Many, of them es
caped In canoes and reached the main
land. They are commanded by Americans
and half-breeds and are exceptionally
well armed. They get their arms from so
called neutral ports, such as Port Limon.
Many of the rebels escaped after the
fight on Old Bank and are now at large.
The people of Bocas fear they will return
and do some damage. There is the usual
number of assassinations. Both sides are
anxious to foreign commerce be
cause both sides are afraid of a conflict
with any first-class power. The cause of
the revolution is steadily losing ground.
Government troops are in possession of
the Custom-house and harbor and are
administering the affairs of all lagoons in
the vicinity of Bocas. The killed in recent
engagments were forty-five on the rebel
side and two on the Government side.
Thirty rebels were taken prisoners, and
while trying to escape were killed.
NEW ORLEANS, Sept. 24.-The rebels
were not so badly repulsed at Bocas del
Toro, in Colombia, as reported. There
has been some looting on the part of
troops of the Government, but this ha3
been confined to places of Chinese mer
chants and was started on the theory
that the Chinese merchants were sympa
thizing with the rebels and had contrib
uted to their support.
The real estate confiscated Is situated
in New Tork City and Orange, N. J. It
was originally purchased by-Carter and
transferred to his uncle. . The same stt?p3
taken to secure possession of the money
at Huntington were pursued with respect
to the real estate. The securities held in
Chicago are in the name of another of
Carter's relatives. . It is believed that
there will not be any difficulty' in the way
of its confiscation. Other points where
it is believed Carter placed the money he
embezzled, the Department of Justice is
unwilling to reveal, but confidence Is ex
pressed by the officials that they will re
cover a large portion of the amount sto
len before they have completed 'their
As a result of the discovery that the
relatives of Carter have held and are
holding money which he embezzled, tho
•department is considering the advisability
of prosecuting them as receivers of stol?n
goods. Carter is now in the penitentiary
at Fort Leavenworth. The officials say
that if there was ever any doubt of- his
guilt the fact that his relatives held* the
money embezzled ought to dispose of the
last vestige of belief In his innocence*
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Sept. 24.— Two
hundred thousand dollars In cash, and
real estate valued at many thousands of
dollars, held by relatives of former Cap
tain Oberlln M. Carter, have been seized
by the Government. Securities worth sev
eral hundred thousands of dollars, dis
covered hidden In Chicago, are on the
point of being confiscated.
Thus, as the result of the activity of
the Department of Justice, the Govern
ment is gradually recovering a consider
able portion of the money stolen by Car
ter when an engineer ofilcer in charge of
the river and harbor improvements at Sa
vannah, Georgia. The department is not
certain that It will recover the entire
amount embezzled— $2,100,000— but it has
clews which may establish where the
money was placed before detection came,
and these will be sharply followed.
Because of its desire to get possession
of as much of the money stolen by Carter
as possible, the Department of Justice has
been reticent regarding the steps it has
taken. It was learned to-day, however,
that $200,000 had just been seized at Hunt
ington, W. Va. This money, it appears,
was in a safe deposit vault In the name
of a brother of the former engineer offi
cer. To this brother Carter had trans
ferred securities, and at a convenient mo
ment they were disposed of in New* York,
gold notes being accepted in exchange.
These notes were placed in a safe deposit
vault at Huntinglon. Learning of the
whereabouts of the money the Depart
ment of Justice secured a judicial order
under which the seizure occurred.
Government Officers Re
covering 1 the Em
. bezzled Funds.
ENRAGED MEN
HUNT MURDERER
SEIZE MONEY
CARTER STOLE
Henry Johanson Now in Contempt of
Court.
Henry Johanson, who was arrested Sep
tember 7 for trying to shoot Policeman
Herlihy and whose case was after repeat
ed continuances dismissed by Judge Fritz
on the ground that the accused, being a
traveler, was entitled to carry a pistol,
was again arrested last night and locked
up, charged with contempt of court. Judge
Fritz's decision carried with it an order
for Johanson to leave the city. This he
failed to do and his arrest was the result.
Johanson is a striking stevedore. He qual
ified as a traveler by taking a temporary
job in the country.
REBEL FORGES
STILL ACTIVE
Henry Schlntz, 29*4 Tehama street, was
approached by three strikers at Third and
Mission streets about 3 o'clock yesterday
morning while on his way home. They
asked him If he were a non-union man.
He replied that he was not, but they did
not believe him and knocked him down,
kicked him and robbed him of $5. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
It was found that he had an ugly cut near
one eye and several cuts on his forehead.
Knocked Down and Robbed.
IN THE TOILS AGAIN.
Philip Wlssel and E. Ford, union team
sters, the former armed with a revolver,
were arrested later on East street by Ser
geant Brophy. They were locked up, one
with the charge of carrying a concealed
weapon preferred against him.
John Lynch, a union teamster, and Wil
liam Patten, a union sailor picket, were
arrested yesterday by Sergeant Brophy
at the foot of Vallejo street. They ¦were
armed with revolvers and were well sup
plied with ammunition. They carried the
revolvers, they said, by Instructions from
headquarters. Their orders, they contin
ued, -were to talk to non-union teamsters,
but to use no violence unless objection
was made to their missionary work.
Three Well Heeled Strikers Taken in
by Police.
ARMED TEAMSTERS ARRESTED.
Hans TJnger, a union sailor, was arrest
ed last night on East street, near Wash
ington, by Sergeant Brophy and Police
man Herlihy and locked up and a charge
of carrying a concealed weapon booked
against him. CJnger, who had on his per
eon his union credentials showing him to
be a striker In good - standing, was pro
vided with a slungshot. of artistic make
and deadly proportions.
Walter Mason, one of the crew of the
steamship Ohio, was attacked last night
at the corner of Kearny and Pacific
streets. A knife wound in: the palm of
the right hand •was attended ' to at the
Harbor Hospital. While- Mason's Injuries
were being dressed* another man walked
into the hospital, but left before the sur
geons were ready, to attend to him. He
had a broken nose' and said he had re
ceived the Injury at the hands of strikers
unknown to him. . . , " . '
Union Sailor Arrested for Carrying
Slungshot.
PREPARED FOR ARGUMENT.
In anticipation of a general break
among tho fruit teamsters a large force
of pickets was on duty In the vicinity of
tho Ktables on Hay street at an early hour
yesterday morning, Fearing trouble, a
doxnn pollco In citizen's clothes. were de
tailed by Chief of Police Sullivan to watch
the 'operations of tha strikers. Many
teamsters were stopped by tho police and
several wore senrcnod for weapons. No
developments of Interest, however, tran
spired.
The fear of trouble, according to the
statements of several well-known com
mission merchants, prevented a number
of union teamsters from returning to
work. One of tho teamsters formerly In
the employ of Ixjvy & Co. was Quaran
tined In the ilnn'K stable for several
hours because of tho proximity of a gang
of picket*, evidently on the lookout for
deserters from the union cause. Other
teamsters wore In a similar predicament,
the result being that no additional teams
were in the Held during the day.
It was reported last night that ten fruit
teamsters would return to their trucks to
day. . • ; . ..
Pickets Prevent Fruit Teamsters
From Returning to Work.
DRIVERS HELD IN CHECK.
Sixteen machinists who came from the
Eapt to work at the Rlsdon Iron Works
secured search warrants from Judge
Kritz yesterday to obtain possession of
their clothing, which was at the works.
They did not go to work; but their cloth
ing had been sent to the shops.
The enscs of Thomtus Bird, a striker,
and 11. H. Butler, a non-union stevedore,
each charged with carrying a concealed
weapon, were dismissed by Judge Fritz
yesterday. Bird wan In a saloon on How
ard street and a revolver was on tho
floor at his feet when arrested. He de
nied that It belonged to him. Butler had
left the front to go to his home for
pome clothing when he was attacked by
strikers on Market street and fired a shot
from his revolver to scare them.
The cake of Joseph McQee. a striking
teamster, charged with malicious mis
chief, was dismissed by Judge OiibanlM
yenterday. McOee was accused of un
screwing a nut on the axle of a truck be
longing to Stetson & Rcnncr, causing tho
wheel to become detached.
The case of Charles Gordon, watchman
at Pier No. 7, charged with battery upon
Daniel Sweeney, an artist on a morning
paper, will bo called before Judge Krltz
this afternoon. Yesterday the Judge Is
sued a venire for fifty talesmen, and It
was «ent to the Chief of Police to be
nerved. The special prosecutor had asked
that the Sheriff should serve the venire.
I<ater In the day the Judco wo* notified
by the ppeclaJ prosecutor that h« would
not be able to so on with the caso this
afternoon and tin- venire wua withdrawn.
Jmm'K is. Honkins, the striking toiim
•tf>r who wns found lylnpr on the side
walk drunk Monday morning on Fourth
street with n loaded revolver in his pocket,
fulled to appear In Judge Cubonlss* court
ye»terd«y to answer the chnrge of carry
ing a concealed weapon. The Judge for
feited his ball of 120 and ordered a bench
wnrrant limued for his arrest.
Few Trials During the Pay and No
Convictions.
JUDGES HEAR STRIKE CASES.
V VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 24.-
Six union men from San Fran
cisco were put In irons for dis
orderly conduct on the trip up
of the steamer Walla Walla,
which 1 arrived here to-day.
The trouble began when the steamer
was one day out. The .men began to
bully the members of the non-union crew
and became so persistent after drinking
freely that Captain Hall remonstrated
with them. Then they abused the ofll
cers and captain and after giving them
time to consider his threats the captain
put them In Irons and let them stay
until they had sobered up. Next morn
ing they were released and half an hour
later were engaged in lighting the non
union men of the crow, l who got the test
of the engagement. The belligerent sall
nn» were put In Irons a second time and
remained so until the end of the trip.
"It's all a mistake," he paid. "I mistook
the gentleman for u non-union man."
McMahon was charged with batteryi
Klvor swearing to the complaint.
from Seattle. He was walking along the
water front in the direction of the ferry
depot when McMahon stepped up' to him
and without a question or word of warn
ing struck him a violent blow on the
mouth, knocklnr him down. Policeman
O. H. Knight witnessed the assault and
promptly urrested McMahon. At the har
bor police elation McMahon said he was
sorry he had struck Kiver.
7 HE Iron Trades Council has consented to the ironmoldcrs making the best terms possible zvith
their former employers. In consequence nineteen molders returned to zuork yesterday under a
- ten-hour schedule and for the wages paid prior to the strike. Others will return as fast as*
places arc found for them.
The fruit teamsters who intended to go back to work were prevented by the presence of a large
number of pickets on Washington and East streets. The commission men say that a number of the
union drivers will go out with the teams this morning.
5
OCr.A-rT, TBAVEIi.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦ \ Steamers leave Broadwar
Blfc. Wharf. San Francisco:
iys^. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
K^SK^ Sept. 13, IS. 23. 2S. Oct. J.
ij§*fC\jM"i Change to company'3 steam-
i ri C^xSfa era at Seattle.
i BlraiSSl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
I RgglgTLVgfra C). Port Townsend. Seattl-.
I L^tkSr&vA Tacoma. Everett and Nev
Whatcom (Wash.)— 11 n. m..
"¦•1 Sept. 13. IS, 13. 23. Oct. 31
Change at Seattle for thl»
company's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ;
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.. Sept.
14, 19. 24. 29, Oct. 4.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
g'eles) — Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer State of California. Wednesdays, !l
8. m.
For Los Anireles. calling at Santa Cru».
IJontemy. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Oavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer Co-
rona, Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonlta. Tues-
days, 9 a. m. . -
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10. a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company
folders.
The company reserves tn* tight to chanpt
steamers, sailing days and hours of salllnjr
without previous notice.
TICKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).- j
GOODALL. PERKIN3 S A CO.. Oen. Agents.
.'.10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O..R. & N. CO.
•' Only S-t«azxxail&lx> Una to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to n*l
points East 1 hroufth tickets to atl
points, all rail or stenmsMn and rail, at
XjO W JaJST Xt A.T3SS.
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLODE BERIHiad HEALS.'
S3. OEO. "W. ELDER .Sails Sept. 21
D. W. HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt..l Montgm'y.ar.
TOYO KM 1AISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE. WHARF. COR-
Oner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
fcr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hloco). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong- with steamers fa*
India, etc. No carso received on board on
day of sailing.
fa!3. NIPPON MARTJ.. Friday. September 27. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARTJ
H "Wednesday. October 23, 1901
6S. HONGKONG MARU
|l Saturday. November 18, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
; freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market street, corner First.
. W. H. AVERT. General Azent.
— .
COMPAONIB GESSBALB TSAN3ATLANTIQC3
: DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. » -.-^-
Shilling every Thursday. Instead of .^tl^ni
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 4?. - - 4 «**C8Hi
North River, foot of Morton street; *L'AquU
ta.lne. September 19: La Bretagne, September
26; La Chi mpagne. October 3; »La Savole. Oc- .
tcber 10. . \ • . •
First class to Havre. $73 and upward. Second
class to Havre, -MS and upward. GENERAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 12 Broadway (Hudson building). N'ev
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., PacMc Coas:
A eents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers. ¦ •
BAY AND HIVES STEAMERS. •
FDR U. S. NAVY YAM AND VALIEJ3
' Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MOMCELLO '
.- 9:43 a. m., 3:13 and 8:30 p.' m.. except Sundav.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves ValleJ.i
7 a. m., 12:30 noon, t p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday, 7 a. m... 4:15 p. m. Fare' 50 cents..
Telephone Main 1503. Landing: and of Oct. pier.
S. MUslon-at. dock. . HATCH EROi
j THE EMPOBrOTM. , [ THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOBJTJM. . ) THE EMPORIUM..
\ 25c Veils Me. VUE F Hi Drift Sfo i 1 114 J New Hat 75c. I
k" '^^^i^V On * °' Si SSpaHHrl B Bv9 sal^ TM»r ™TO W3 H B§B»™W Brought them chap, j^~' ~\ °<g
son's most Hi HBsP* 2t^«d BWH ldl thcm at th: /^V^\ J
5- *<<*>¦'• :'i 'i^T^^^N. ttylish §W W*^Zr+ m — q|y |j jirice; ladies' cam- / V§.\ '^
\ > *? i-^K^ '¦ /:^^S^\ fa«ern P* %&&%4m&W% H^UaH^ W&*5k2Z&L&3kM m 'm ™ <Vi hair "own, _ A^^SA^r^N "m
l^^M^M/XX P««S CALIFORNIA'S I-ARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE ff .¦"h'b.-m. WWgi$y |
If fi^W^^°- : c Stook 4 Collan Another Sale pi$0^^&m
jj t^^>s/ i y spotted, rountiBttons iUCm Flannel do Sole *ndw«k. s P = C iai w-day ioc .j
l» ; in all- g o («os:n Stock Collar Foundations, se'f- **mmm9" O«T#1^ ETi'^wwcxt ' • -* - : ¦ - !k
I l^^%$Mt$M° ffirfl.Jl^iST/iX^^ Z* f "* '.J * h e '' Unframed Pictures, f
5 JiiUimS 9 ¦ *% m off" them for Wednesday, each MUC ne 3 .,J both pll?n and fieured . the m " If §-*§** IK *» 9
5 C ill lUren'S COatS Ra*tanB+**atS CofA exceedingly neat; all »l!i colorings, such ai MlinUS, IOC «'
If _ __ IiBW«l|lf Call 0t1IV« cardinal, • rose, royal blue, tan, white, b'ack, A Itrge assortment of Olte an I Endj in Piatino, «*
S antl. Df m GSSCS mm N&WFm A large lot of one of the best and. heaviest pink; Gobelin, brown, cark green, etc.; good- Carbon and Colored Prints, Including many Jf
£ ThMH F tl roc^ et Bsdspretdi that are made, three-ply wearing Silks; warranted to wash, aad never cho'ce figure, landscape and animal subjects; Jf
If n , r /. ns ,£ y» rn > u11 •'«) n » cel y hemmed, ready for to'.d regularly under 85c the j|r#| ranging in ptice regularly from zic to «oc i*
1 /^&L ¦ cSrt dC .lrt use,. |z\ 1S Spread. To-day only... yari To-day (Wednesday) SSC 3
t* V^rw^W plaids, Tned throughout, Jjj^j^jjjj^jjjj^j^ . |,
K Jfi^*' 8ZCS for •8 e8 '4 t0 ' I 4 /• ¦ '¦' '••¦•¦•.•• ¦ ; ' _ w mM ;f
\ $feh y inp^ . ¦ m. furniture ;5
| . /jWh tir AHVwoo,'-Grefh. - O 'M W O»rpoi». §
i !•• « I) M^ G» ' I°" D i v ' s Spe:ial Offerin * s - i
K , W oii-b'ur.un and red, ,«O§P s \ W" ¦ (\ / J A A |\ Combination Dosk and H
2 'WT I \ fall{llnei large collar, 'if nV/' j J^JS. I ' / ) dr\ / \\ MOOkoaSO-GMtn o^k, highly poi- »
V \P L___ n«t ] y braided, «S§^\ LL_^ A y^S^T/VA ) '/ \ V>> 'Or I j^2J^\i ihed » w '«h g'au door, adju table shelve* and «
» ri»/T" \\y cpecial price $J X&^ It"^ />*/ \ If l\\ / ' \ J4y<L \ / ' <rnamenteJ with a French plate mirror 13 J|
S lU ' V Children', new Mel- "iM£\ V JpIK By ! 5-- « fl {
5 \il \\ 1 'ton Coat -Fox back, TP^ \J''\ TJl Wr\\ TT U >ae P nce
2 J* \| I braided edges and trams, I. T I* "l ; I • Vi\ TV I A I Parior TablO—GcTden 04V, top 1 3 }l
i "^ XU I button trimming— * ' I \ «. ' Vf «V^ | /J\ If ! , ncllel *l uare » hai lhslf ***»*. og> -{J
S \j**~''Wl 1 A ' » t <5' ' ''-¦"'• r Special to-day-only , , OOC *,1
I -^ $ £ 7B U M$ • To-Day, Last Chance to Get Mf^0^M^ |
sis^ii i
I a*:;7^:%s*.s°i • || • Suits for Nine Eighty-Five. hg^M&iB&a \
»•¦ $a.73i .¦»«¦«?¦ $e.2B. The sale of these new, up-to-date Fall Garments for '"Brain oarpet-it, ineta «u. ,. «
tl ' ¦ ' , •, • »« j r» " iili 1 j a 1 t_i. heavy, durable auility. handsome and ef- It
8 rrcs* EM***S~~u. Men and Boys positively ends to-night. t K fil dellgni , \J^ t0 . iih fi
X £OC NOSiCPy The Men's Suits «re single and double breasted tick coat styles, the very latest cuts, f er > 4rJ J9C §
5 .r%*%^ including the smart, broid-shouldcred miHtary sacks in tlmott every fabric that ii'np/oiim-6 feet wldf, pretty tlla «n4 5l
g ZGCm i, in demand by im.rt drench. The grccniah ehides in cheviots, dark blu: *
S Udle.' fine quality Imported Oshmere Hose) "shrncrcs with light hair-line itripei fine all-wool gooda vvith large ovcrplaida, &\ , 0^ y , per , oulre ,.„,' . . . pe .* 48o ft
K hlsh n-leed hee!s, double ' so'es, eolen seal ¦ ««d fancy l.ght gray and brown cheviots; well made, well trimmed $12.50, Ottrpot Rug *-M*4c of Boiy Drussels,- ]\
K brown, navy and wine, ,fr« jU on i o $1 5-00 and $l6. 50 suits; to-day $9.85 Velvets and Tyatiy Carpet,, .oma j.
I cnh , . .Ldsrd. 7S e l JH^JZ ? ™*\ «N «** . Ov.rcontS-Long cut, with .ilk velvet collar, slashed %.£, fe
S on sreeial sale this day on'v.pr pair 200 pockcta, cufts on aleevca, m fine material m th: new Oxford shades. Also $i o 5 eh< Special to-day Jnly,;.. 7^C \\
•f ¦ many broken lines of the first ahipment of fa 1 overcoats received aome weeka — — — __^^_ 5f
%' • . ago. Short overcoats, box overcoats and long cut overcoats, values up to a-ir.^a^-^^^^e.^ «r»* n<r% \t
I Special Sale of Iw ....$9.85 f ********!'* f 1m0 P'
\ Spoons and Forks.*"? *? Su f a. phc . : .ub, plaids m^j^/^S^fS^^l^^mt
«X A spcons, Tablespoons and Ftrlcs Pi' oo t on[ Y •' . «*r«T.rw«w , f dge gray mounts; doxen $1.50 j\
fc l^sl 1 s\ in fancy and beided P atternl » Boys' $7.50 Suits $4.93 — 12 styles of 3 -piece Suits in either knee or long pants, Cablntt Site— All size mounts, dot. $2. B 9 tt
K Ol triple-plated on nickel silver and the most stylish patterns, suitable for boys 10 to 19 years; tfajfi M%CS ' «
I |! i 8°" 1 "'^»'^'^ | W; Kgukriy f7. 5 o . ,ui 1; only V't.StO Wednesday I
I I \Ml%V°?f!- m $1*°° to $35°° m Vocery and Ltaucr I
% \ I \ A «r«o»«. Jw' Dresses $15. QQ r^\ sapciio-To-«?a y oniy, 4 b ar , 2s o $
| >|\A JL 1 T!° nS '74o \iW{\ OnC HvBdred $25.00, $30.00 I ]i\ Gnipt-Nuh-The favorite breakfast h*u $
£ K MBit W\W) t '"«p~»'. 8et \Wkf>) and $35.00 Tailor Dresses— This and last )UA WasSn^Soda-ViS;; 25 '^WV.V^sl %
V \\ /Wi I 11 ! °l 91**8 1T*1 I season's all-wool fine Dresses, a splendid \f\\j Rolled Oats— Best Eastern; 8 lbs 24o **
g \y W \S^ y '*Li£g ®\ lot » ina big variety of colors and black, \i. \ Yellow Cornmcal-B:st Eastern; * 5 c sacks. $
£'. ~" ' ¦ I [I aU sizes; about half the lot are this ssason's J \ pSSS^TiS£&1&3S?il
H UtaHnne*-*, 19~ \ // Ji 8 and $20 styles, like cut, the >g K p apt Qr sherry - Extra qualiy; *
jf &B«MMIUn&rjF MdSGm J, jgL\ balance are the best of last season's 525 to r/M \%\ regularly $1.50 galon. To- nez %
*£ 300 boxes fine qualt/ Stationery in Octavo and »*v^/^t^ $35 Dresses, like cut; some of them silk f - /7**a^ V^s, diy only $VaU5 „«
I St. James .shapes, in cream, pink and blue y^Li-.U lined. To-day and £i. , : • •- .S/ V Y Thom'5 Pld Tom Oln-Engl^ bottling; re 3 -
a? . , ,„• • S •// W\ \ rr.i i 4fc<i F 8 * mf*r%0b / / arl v 5l.oo bottle. To-day 75O \r
I tints, 14 sheet, of Paper and 2 S En- ¦ // Thursday your g*W £% -BBgJ Pabst Best Malt Tonic-To-day, do«n .... §
it velopes to match; to-day only WdmwG ±~-^ l^AJli^ choice . . . . TT m " XT $2*25- 'A
K : — — ! ! ! : - - ¦ ¦ • ; ¦ ' ¦ 3t
i Cuban Beauty Cigars— Ten (1O) for 13c. %
f . Wednesday only, box of ;o for 7Cc. An extra gcod smoke for the money. • £
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MURDER
Reward
$1000
We will pay ONE THOUSAND
DOLLARS -cash as a reward for
the arrest and conviction of mur-
der of the party or. parties who aa-
. eaulted FRANK McGUIRE in this
city on September 5, 1901, and in-
flicted injuries upon him from
I: which he has since died.
Mr. McGuire was - In ¦ our employ
as a boiler-maker. , at Prince "Wil-
liams Sound, and was assaulted
. shortly after his arrival on the bark
Fresno on said date.-*.
Packers' Association
VIM. VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
J0^^9L MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
*&»_ a^ have been in use over fifty
MffiKM^B years by the leaders of the
iBlrilfeuaB Mormon Church and their
¦nBnmH followers. Positively cure the
KnEwflri^Bi ' worst cases In old and young
WVlr V^m arising: from efffects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses 'or
vHablfiSv cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
- HSa¥ Manhood. ¦ Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility.' Headache/ Unfltness: to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, jmm Varlcocele or Con- .
Btlpatlon, Stop Ner: *^ M/m ous . Twitching of
1 Eyelids. Effects are Z^.Z^m Immediate. Im-
; part vigor and pote cenr» nC y t o every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore aniall, undeveloped organs. ¦• Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers: 60c a. box; 8 for
$2 60 by mall. . A ; written ' guarantee to cure or
money . refunded -with 8 boxes. Circulars . free, i
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis st..
Ban Francisco. Cal. GRANT. DRUG CO... 31
and 10 Third st ' ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IentTfrkto menT
A Most Remarkable Remedy Tint
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Instituts.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years a&alnst the mental and
nhyEical suffering of lost manhood that
iho Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, ana all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ine from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cel« or emaciation of parts can now cure
• -lcJliselves at home.
"The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
elect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving: strength
and development Just where it is needed,
it cures all the ills and troubles that come
Irom years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and bas been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medi-
cal Institute. 328 Elektron building Fort
Wayne. Ind.. stating: that you desire one
cf their free trial packages, will be com-
ulred w-ithjjromptly. The Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed and the free samples will enable them
to 'see how easy it is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The -Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay. .
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
IHUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
a C% :::: mzzT c:.ir.. t±t7£, z.t.z± A
\ tjf^ The Larre«t Anatomical Museum in the \
fi '~K- World. Weaknesiet or »ny contracted A
• fi^Sfi *.iea« po»ltl»«-ly cared hy the oldest T
© fK3??l bpcciliit on the Coast ESL3G years. Q
a nmvl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 0
- »<F"fe'5«i Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
A p LiMV H Treatment personally tit by letter. A g
Y t fir v% W J'omtoc Curt in every case undrrt.k en. T
2 ft'/ Ilia Write for Book. PDILOBUPOYef A.
• * II II '• UABRZ ACE « MAILED FREE, f A?
1 B il valuable book for rco) \
W »B. JOBDA3T A CO., 1051 Market St.. 8. F. Y
ADVERTISEMENTS.
and
Can obtain renew-
/ /**$§kgj*E£3&y\ N viffor by the use of
\f fl^V> , "EUCTBICBB LT"
and Appliances. Drugs do not cure. Elec-
tricity is the remedy! Buy no Belt until
you see Dr. Pierco's. for it Is the BEST.
Thousands cured !
K7Call at office or send a 2c stamp for
new "Booklet No. t." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 206 Post St., San Fran-
cisco. Eastern offlce— 1145 Broadway. New
York. • ..¦¦•¦¦¦
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
Th» most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonlo for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Bells on its own merits.
NABER. ALPS & BRUNE. Agents.
121 Market St.. S. P 1 .— {Bend for Circulars. »
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE. :
nW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARI1
at Cherbourg:, westbound. <
Prom New Tork Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ....Oct. Zi Philadelphia ....Oct. 23
St. Paul Oct. 9 Haverford Oct. 25
St. Louis Oct.l6|st Paul Oct. 30
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp*'
From New York ! "Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
Frlesland Oct. 2|KensInj?ton .....Oct. 23
Southwark .....'.Oct. *» 'Zeeland Oct. 30
•Vaderland ......Oct. 16|Frlesland' Nov. 6
•Stop at Cherbourg eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. .
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General 'Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
A/»4M11ll4> «T e>A HAWAII, 8AM0A, NEW
S. S. SIERRA,' for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday, Oct. 3, 10 a. m.
S. S.-AL.AMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday. Oct. 12, 2 p. m.
5. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ' .
J. O.SPRECKELS *& B80S.* cbV.Banarak Agsnts.*327 HarWn
W\ PasssnQar Office, 843 Market St., Pier lo. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA R, R, S S'
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
.' Cabin, $lCji; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
6. 6. Argyll calls Monday, Oct.; 14
S. S. Leelanaw sails Thursday, Oct.' 24
S. 6. Argyll . sails Monday, ' Dec. . 2
¦ 'From Howard-street Wharf .' at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Offlce, 330 Market st
: P. . F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Clfl SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso', stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10.. 12 m. ¦ - -:
COLOMBIA..'.. Sept. 28|AREQTJIPA.....Oct 13
TUCAPEL.....'....Oct. 3lLIMARI;........Oct. 26
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral ' and - South " American passenger - - service.
.(Nc- change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 318 California street.
. BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Asents.WEDNESDAY. .SEPTEMBER 25, : 1901 '
JOHN' D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. _
Address All Cos&B&icitlou t« W. 8 . LXAXZ, Xuigir. '
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Pre» 204
PCBUCATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, i. F.
Telephone l»re«» SOI.
CDITORIAL IIOOM* 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
..,:; Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cent*. Per Week.
-/ Single Copies, S Cents.
Terma by Slall. Including: Poatavei
DAILT CALL (lr.clui3ir.jr .Sunday), on* year M-W
DAILY CALL (including Surday). • months I.M
DAILY CALL nncludl&ff Eunday). t x-onth* 1.69
DAILY CAUL— By Blntfe Month. «5o
6TNDAT CALL. On* Year I.M
WEEKLY CAm One Year 1.00
All poitaetitem are authorised to receive.'
¦uhBcrlptlons.
fiunol* copies will be forwarded when r*queit*J.
Kan enbecrlbera In ordertnr chancre of address should be
particular to tire both NEW AJCD OLD ADDRESS In order
to incur* a prompt aad correct compliance with their request.
OAlvLAM) OFFICE 1118 Broadiray
C GEORGE KROGXESS.
Kiugtr Fereiga Atrertiiln?, Ktr^nette Boildisr, Cole* ft.
(Lorr Distance Telephone "Central J61* ">
BUILDINGS OF THE PAN-AMERICAN EXPOSITION AT BUFFALO ARE PECULIARLY MERGED "WITH TUB
FALLS OF FAR-FAMED NIAGARA IN A MOST EXTRAORDINARY SNAPSHOT RECENTLY SECURED BY
CHAN W. HOEY, AN ELECTRICIAN RESIDING IN SCHENECTADY.
SUMMER, RATES. at Hotel del Coronado
Coronado Beach. Cal.. effective after April 13*
*W for round trip. inclu<JI:ns ¦ 15 days at hotel*
Pacific Coast S. S. Co., i ;N'ew Montgonery at.*
Paris is suffering from a pearl famine;
the pearl necklace has become so fashion
able" that pearls "are fetching & enormous
prices.' In relation to this famine it would
be interesting to' know what has become
of Liriheaus' recipe for the manufacture
of pearls. That philosopher, in the year
1761, informed ¦ the then King ; of . Sweden
that he had discovered a method. by which
mussels might be made to produce pearls
and offered to "disclose it for .the" benefit
of ¦ the . country. Bechman says . he saw
some of the pearls produced. £ The offer
not being accepted, Linnaeus subsequently
"disposed of the secret for a sum of money
to Bagge of Gothenberg. In 17S0 the heirs
to Linnaeus were desirous of selling the
sealed recipe* to' the" highest bidder and
it has; been said. that the secret Is in the
possession of a London merchant. .
PARIS PEARL FAMINE.
As «you are now 21 and over and not
having taken advantage of the provision
of this section of the hiw, you will have
to make 'your; application and then wait
two years for final papers. At that time
you will have to prove that you made
your application for flrr.t papers at least
two years previous. th«.t you have lived
five years continuously m the United
States, one year of which was In the
State or Territory in which Is located the
court in which you sha.ll apply for" such
final papers. ¦ ; •
"Any alien under the age of 21 years
who has, resided in the United States
three years next preceding hl3 arriving
at that age, and .who has continued to re
side therein to the time he may make ap
plication to be admitted a citizen thereof,
may, after he arrives at . the age of 21
years, and after he has resided five years
within the .United States. Including the
three years of his minority, be admitted
a .citizen:', but he must make a declara
tion on oath and prove to the satisfaction
of the court that for two years next pre
ceding it has been his bona fide intention
to become a citizen."
NATURALJZATION— Subscriber, City!
The naturalization laws of the United
States say: . . . "
KIT-CAT CLUB— Sub., City. The Klt-
Cat Club was formed in Lomlon in 16S3 by
the leading Whigs of the day. It held its
meetings in the house of a pastry cook
named Christopher Cat, who for short
was called Kit-Cat.. He supplied the club
with mutton pies and in gratitude its
members named the club for him. The
club was of a political character and its
meeting place was "looked upon as the
headquarters of the friends of King Wil
liam. On its membership roll were the
names of Addison, Steele. Walpole, Marl
borough, Congreve, Lord Stanhope and
a famous painter, Sir Godfrey Kneller,
who- painted the portraits of the mem
bers of uniform dimension to adorn tho
walls of the clubroom. The particular
size has ever since beitn known as the
kit-cat. The society was dissolved in
1720. ' •¦ r; ':'-"^-
At last we have learned In whose hands
is lodged supreme authority. Last Friday
a British sailor was beaten while ashore
in San Francisco, because he was assist
ing in unloading his ship at the Wharf.
The strikers beat him, of course. The
leaders of the strike sent word to the
captain that whenever he wanted any of
his crew to go ashore he would please in
form the strike leaders and they would
furnish a guard. "You blawsted idiots,"
quoth the skipper. Then he appealed to
the British Consul. The captain bad no
doubt heard of a thousand incidents of
men being beaten nearly to death by
gangs of strikers, and ho had no doubt
seen arms in slings, eyes blackened, heads
tied up, and had heard of eyes gouged out,
ribs broken, and many other cruel deeds
by the cowardly and criminal gangs train
ing under "union" badgos. And the lead
ers of these cowardly brutes in human
form offer to furnish a guard for men
who have the right under treaty to the
protection of the United States Govern
ment in every port of the nation. The
strikers have acted all along as though
all power was in their hands, and now
they express the thought of their heart
by. assuming to perform the function of
the United States Government. "We will
furnish your men a guard!" The Mayor
has proved' himself powerless or unwilling
to cope with conditions. , existing in his
city. The Governor has spent three weeks
traversing the streets of the dirtiest city
in' America, and has been' totally blind to
surroundings calling "for .the exercise of
his authority. Then Mr. Furuseth, the
leader of fifteen hundred striking sailors
—nine hundred of whom are, he sax3, for
eigners—steps forward and offers the pro
tection that neither the Mayor of San
Francisco nor the. Governor of California
can give^-or, if they can, they do not give.
The British captain has sailed the -ocean
too many, years to accept such guardians
for himself or his men. If San Francisco
Is not under the heel of anarchy, it is
dangerously near it. • ¦
Oakdale Graphic.
GOVERNMENT WHITEWASH — An
Old Header, Oakland, Cat. The following
is the recipe for what is known as "gov
ernment whitewash," sent out by the
Lighthouse Board of the Treasury De
partment: Slack one-half bushel of un
elacked lime with boiling water, keeping
it covered during the piocess. Strain it
and add a peck of salt dissolved In warm
water; three pounds of ground rice put
in boiling water and bqllcd to a thin
paste, one-half pound ol: powered Span
ish whiting and a pound of clear
glue. Mix theso well together and let the
mixture stand for several days. Keep
the wash thus prepared in a kettle or
portable furnace, and -when used put it
on as hot -as possible with painter's or
whitewash brush.
Gage Shirks His Duty.
THE J10RSE8HGE-L.. City. Th« iu
pcrstttlon nbeut horr.enhoes is very old.
Tho legend M Hint St. Dii*tnn, in ehoelng
the devil, tied him to the wnll nnd tub*
jpeted him te bo much p»ln that to t<*cure
his retease he promised mever to enter a
houpe where a • h&r*enheij v.n* displayed.
From this ariges the custom of placing a
herie&hee over the doer.
ANTI-POLYGAMY-S. G. A., City.
What la known as tho arti-polyuamy bill
was Introduced in the United State* Sen
ate durlns the Forty-seventh Conercjis by
Senator Edmunds, It pnxsed the Senate
February 16, 1SS2, tho House on th» Hth
of Mnreh following, and eight day» later
it wri signed by tho PrfRldtnt.
NEW YORK, Sept. 24.— The following
Calif ornions have arrived: San Fran
eiseo*-E. F. Baxter, at tha Navarro; W.
B. Clarke, at the Morton; J. B. Duffey,
F. McMahon, M, O'Farrell, at the Her
ald Square; G. Demlng, C. W, Valentine,
at the Grand Union; A. T. Dunbar, R.
W. Hills. W. F. Cohen, at the Imperial;
K. H, Fltshugh, at tha Holland; E, A.
Freeman, nt the Continental; 0. Mnrtln
and wife, at tha Aster; M, Murphy, Mrs.
A. Welch, at the Manhattan; F.. L.
Brune, nt the Belvedere; A. J. Dougal,
Bt tho Union Square; B. Eppeley, at tho
Harthelrtl; K. P. Stone nnd-wlft, lit the
Westminster; M. Taylor nnd wife at the
Hoffman. ;;"
Lei Anpelce-G. Dtvldion, nt the Ken
sington; U. 15. Platt, at the Grand Union;
K. ii. Terry nnd wife, at th« Cosmopol
itan; W. It. Bird, Rt the Marlborough.
0aUland=W. M. Watson, at the Karl-
Ington. • , - ; *
Californians in New York.
MAFIA-B. J. ( City. The Mafia was a
secret Sicilian society organized in the
fifteenth century. .Its purpose was its or
ganized defiance of law and justice. Its
members .were bound by a solemn oath,
not to seek redress or give evidence in a
court of Justice. * • "
PARK COMMISSIONERS— R.. Chiles,
Napa County, Cal. Phil .1. Fay is the sec
retary of the Golden Gats Park Conunis-
Bloners. A letter addressed to the com
missioners, Park Lodge, Golden Gate
Park, will reach them.
FROM the tone of the utterances of Mayor
Phclan at recent conferences- on the subject of
the disorders that prevail in the city it appears
the Mayor has at last awakened to a sense of his offi
cial responsibility, and that he will hereafter cor
dially co-operate with the police in their efforts to
preserve the peace and protect citizens from violence.
Surely it is time that he did so. Should he now act
never so resolutely no one could accuse him of being
over urgent in the matter. He has waited until to
wait longer would be something like participation in
lawlessness.
It has been charged by the Examiner and by the
Rev. Peter C. Vorkc that The Call has exaggerated
the number and the nature of the assaults committed
by ruffian* upon peaceable workingmen in thii city,
The reply to that charge was made effectively by The
Call yesterday when it published a list of persons
taken to the public hospitals of the city suffering
from injuries inflicted by these lawless and violent
gangs. The list included only the names of those
who are known to have received their injuries at the
hands of strikers. It did not include the name of any
person assaulted but not eo badly hurt as to require
treatment at the hospitals, nor the name of any one
whose wounds and injuries were treated in his own
home, or in the home of a friend. Yet that list, matte
up solely of victims of violence cared for at the hos
pitals, contains 160 names.
/ Many of the cases cited show such serious injuries
as to prove that the ruffians who inflicted them were
reckless of the consequences of their action and would
not have stopped short of murder had the victim
been capable of resistance. In fact two men have
already dic^d from the effects of injuries received, and
others who may live will be lifelong sufferers from
the consequences of the beating, kicking and clubbing
to which they were subjected.
Among the weapons taken from the strikers by the
police are many that show a murderous malice and
hate on the part of those who made use of them.
They include slungshots and clubs and bludgeons of
various sorts, some fashioned of heavy billets of wood
and some of pieces cf gaspipe, steel cable, or other
material of similar kinds. It is to be noted, more
over, that many of the'-assailants were so vicious that
weapons of clubbing and beating could not sufficiently
satisfy their* hate. Such were in the gang that as
saulted Isaaac Rycrson of the Hcndy Machine
Works, and after beating him tried to blind him, and
mistaking a glass eye for his perfect one drove the
glass sphere into his head.
In the face of this cutbreak of violence the public
must discriminate. All the strikers have not taken
part in the assaults," nor do the members of the va
rious unions as a rule sympathize with the outrages.
The ruffians are but a minority of the people, and
have carried cut their lawless acts only because the
law lias not been sufficiently strong to cope with
- them. It is as well to point out also in this connec
* tion that the police have done as much as can be ex
pected of so small a force in so large a city. They
have acted with sufficient vigor to bring down upon
the Chief and many of the subordinates of the force
the attacks of the Examiner, and better proof of their
efficiency could hardly be given.
v At this juncture the law-abiding citizens of the
community will ask themselves what would be the
situation now had the Examiner. succeeded in getting
one of its tools appointed Chief of Police. It will be
remembered that the scheme came very near to suc
cess. With lawless ruffians assaulting citizens on
their way to and from work, and the compliant tool
of an anarchist yellow journal at the head of the police
force, order could hardly have been restored by any
thing less than a vigilance committee..
, From that danger. we have been spared. We have
a good police force, and i(_ the . Mayor will but :
strengthen it we shall soon put a stop to the ruffians.
Mayor Phelan. the issue is up to you. , •
THE RECORD OP VIOLENCE.
BICYCLE GEAR— O. W.. City. To find
the gear of a bicycle multiply the diam
eter of the rear wheel by the number
of teeth In the front sprocket and divide
the product oy the number of teeth in
the rear sprocket.
PLANETS AND STAftB-L. O.. City.
Planets are easily distinguished from the
stars from the fact thnt they do not
twinkle.
His Grace Archbishop Riordan leaves
Monday for Washington, D. C where
he will attend the annual meeting of
Bishops of the Catholic church in this
country. He expects to be gone about
three" weeks.
F. Vanstan, manager of the Seattle
branch of the California Saw Works, is
down' from the north on a business trip.
O. Y. Woodward of Woodwards Island
is In the city for a few days and has
made his • headquarters at the Grand.
Abe Marks, a prominent merchant of
Uklah, is here on a business trip. He Is
staying at the Lick.
Albert C. Harmon, a mining man of
Valley Springs, is among the arrivals at
the Palace.
L. R. Peundstone, the well-known resi
dent of Davisvllie, is a guest at the
Grand.
Dr. E. J. Hennessey of Nnpa is at the
Grand.
Newitt— Ho isn't. You • misunderstood
me. He can tell you he's broke in more
different ways than any other man I
ever met— Philadelphia Press.
Newitt— That's Burroughs. He's fiult*
an adept in tho art of constructing Baort
stories.
Ascum— He doesn't look like a literary
man.
"That's all right as far as It goes, but
that's a spitz dog, and we have strict
orders to enforce the anti-expectoration
ordinance." — Baltimore American.
Young Checkleigh— Sir, I wish to marry
your daughter.
Old Gotrox— But she Is only a school
girl of 12.
Young Checkleigh— I am awars of that,
fir; but I came early to avoid the rush.—
Chicago Mews.
"Take that dogr off the street or I'll run
you in," ordered the conscientious police
man.
-But why?" asked the man with th»
dog:. "He has a license on."
"Well, not exactly," responded llcai!
owbrook. "She christened it the 'Vh.
please wait a minute!' but I had the
name Gobolink put on tha stern all ths
same."— Brooklyn Eagle.
"So pretty Miss Sweetthing broke th«
bottle of champagne over the bow of your
new yacht as it was launched and chris
tened it the Gobolink," remarked Hemp
stead.
Cotonel Corktlght— The blamed bellboy
in this hotel is enough to give a man .1
ftpasm. Guess what he did when I tolrt
him to bring me . a "horn" before 1
dressed. <^
Major Nash— WhaJ. suh? '
Colonel Corktight— He brought ma »
shoehorn. — Philadelphia Record.
"Ym." answered thA canalboat man. "I
reckon I could get nlongc all right. But
it would fret powerful ionesomt for tho
mule."— Washington Star.
"Don't you think you could drtr* that
mule without tha ur© of profanity?" in
quired the person of refinement.
"Not yet. and I hope they'll keep it.
Then they'll bo careful About using it
early In the morninu or At any hour when
It would Attract my attention unduly, "-
Washington Star.
"Have they returned it?"
"How do you like your new neighbors?"
"First rate. The, first thins they did
was to borrow our lawn mower."
"Here's a correspondent who asks: 1%
It proper for a woman to pick her teeth
In public?' " :
"It's proper enough," replied tha snaka
editor, "but when ths averaga woman has
to select a set she usually prefers to do
so very privately." — Philadelphia Press.
"Now. children," said the- teacher,
"what great invention Is it that enables
us to see »o many things, even when they
are ever so far away?"
"Rubber," shouted the small boy at tha
foot of the class. — Indianapolis News.
Father (putting out his head)— What a
nuisance you children are. What do
want now? j*
Johnny (with a triumphant glance at hfo
playfellow) — Tommy Brooks would not be
lieve you'd sot no hair on the top of your
head.-Tlt-Blts.
Johnny (In the ganien)— Father f Father!
¦look out of tha window 1 .
Weary Walker— Can't help It: a can
teen don't hold enough.— Washington
Pott.
Layaround Lucas—I'm ashamed of you.
Weary.
FIVE-DOLLAR F1ECE-C. C. C. City.
No premium Is offered - for flva-doliar
Pieces coined after 1834.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
SINCE W. R. Hearst has begun making ex
planations to the American people he
should at once explain what he meant
by publishing in the Examiner of Febru
ary 4? 1900; this verse:
•'The bullet that pierced Goebel's chest
Cannot be found in all the West;
Good reason. It is speeding here
To stretch McKinley on his bier." .
EXPLANATION NEEDED.
PERSONAL MENTION,
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
ONE of the most remarkable photographs taken in re
cent times Is that of Chan \V. Hoey, a Chtheso elec
trician living in Bcheneetady. A short time ago he vis
ited the Pan-American Exposition with his camera.
There he took a night picture of the buildings while
they were brilliantly Illuminated with their incandescent lamps.
He forget to move the film.
A ihert time afterward h« vlilted Niagara Falls and tqek
a trap shot of tha cataract. When the film was; developed hh
night picture of the uulldins* of the Pan-American Exposition,
was puperlmposed upon hl» day picture of Ntaeara Fall*. Both
picture* were beautifully blended, Buffalo and Niagara com'
blncd. Above the graceful roofs of the exposition building*
grent volumes of water were tumbling down.
The officer* of the exposition regard this as ens of the moat
remarkable photographs ever taken.
From that list, including as it does almost every eminent legitimate journalin the
East, it will be. -seen- that in trying to sneak outof public wrath by setting up a newspaper
fight -the yellow anarchist has hardly benefited himself. • There is no other man in Amer
ica, or probably in the world, whois regarded by^ the members of* his .own ' profession
with so much of abhorrence as is this man who has sought to degrade American, journal
ism to the slums and bring the profession of Franklin, Greeley, Bryant, Prentice and Dana
down to the level of Czolgosz. ' ' * •
WILLIAM. R. HEARST has sought to turn aside something at least of the pub
lic indignation against him. 'by the plea that those who- charge him with re
sponsibility in the crime of Czolgosz are business rivals who are trying to ben
efit themselves by injuring him.' In his organ, the Examiner of this city, he
directed that plea on Sunday, in a special measure against The Call, and will doubtless re
peat it in the hope that by iteration and reiteration a considerable number of the people
may be induced to believe it. It is therefore incumbent upon The Call to take note of it.
Hearst could hardly have conceived a more false but. at the same time a more
cunning plea. The public cares little or nothing about controversies between rival news
papers, and Hearst is aware that if he can so shift this issue as to* make it appear nothing
more than a questio.i between The Call and the Examiner, he will be able to sneak but of
the storm and escape the punishment which public condemnation has prepared for. him.
Let it then be noted that the charge of Hearst's responsibility for anarchy and for
crime has not been, made solely by The Call. On the contrary, it .was the spon
taneous outburst of public sentiment in all parts of the country. The intelligence of the
American people had noted the tendency of the teachings of the Hearst journals and had
long since condemned them. .In that condemnation/ however, there was a contemptuous
disbelief that the vicious teachings by pen and picture could result in an actual attempt
upon the life of the President who was daily vilified and maligned. The crime of C.7.0I
gosz startled the public by a disclosure that the Hearst papers were not so harmless as
public contempt had supposed them, and at once there arose tlie cry. of the public —
"Down with the anarchists, and down with the yellow journals."
That cry came from all classes of citizens. In many parts, of the country Hearst
was hanged in effigy as an evidence of the popular rage against him, and while the masses
were expressing themselves in that or other equally forcible ways eminent men were. pro :
nouncing the condemnation of Hearst in the most emphatic manner and under the most
solemn and impressive circumstances. •
. Among those whose charges Hearst # has to answer, and whom he cannot set aside
by the shuffling lie that they are business rivals, are: . Grover- Cleveland, Cardinal Gib
bons, Archbishop Riordan, Bishop Cranston of the Methodist Episcopal Church, Presi
dent Wheeler^of the University of California, President Jordan of Stanford, Vice President
Cooper of Rutgers, Abram Hewitt of New York, and almost every orator who spoke at
memorial services held at every important city in the Union on the day of the funeral, of
the President. .To these are to be added the host of other men who acted as the repre
sentatives of public institutions and organized bodies! such as the Chamber of Commerce
in this city and the State Board of Horticulture.
These men were^ not vague in their condemnation. Some of them, indeed, did not
name Hearst nor the yellow journals which he supports out of his wealth, but they made
their meaning so clear and plain that no one could mistake it. Others frankly spoke the
loathed names and specified that they meant- William R. Hearst and his three papers, the
New York Journal, the Chicago American and the San Francisco Exarrfincr. .
Does Hearst deem it possible that he can induce the American people, or even a
respectable minority of them, to believe that such men are his business rivals, or in any
He has threatened to retaliate upon those who condemn him. How will lie retali
ate? Will he burn in effigy all who have burned him in effigy? Will he slander every
man in America who has refused to take one of his papers? Will he hold up the eminent
men who have spoken against him and daily vilify them for the purpose of rousing
against them some wretch of the Czolgosz type?
Should Hearst, learning discretion from cowardice, hold fast to his scheme of mis
representing the issue to the public and insist that after all it is but a newspaper fight,
he will even then have his hands full when he undertakes the task of retaliation. It is not
in California only that he has been exposed and the' meaning of his vicious teachings made
clear by the press. He and his journals have been condemned in the East almost as uni
versally as in California. In the whole of this State he has had but one or two apolo
gists, and in proportion to the number of papers he is about as badly off in the.East.
It would require more space than we caii afford to publish the list of all Eastern
newspapers that have expressed-the popular condemnation of the yellow journals. Taking
only the more important papers and those only that have emphasized the criminal char
acter of the Hearst publications by repeatedly directing popular attention to it, we have
this long array: .
Brooklyn Eagle.
Newark Evening News.
Philadelphia Inquirer.
Springfield (Mass.) Union.
Chicago Evening Journal. \
New York Journal of Commerce.
Elizabeth Daily Journal.
Fitchburg (Mass.) Sentinel.
Detroit Free Press.
Ithaca Journal.
Philadelphia Times.
Philadelphia Press.
Milwaukee Evening Wisconsin.
Albany Evening Journal. ,,
Richmond Dispatch.
Wilmington Morning News.
Marquette (Mich.) Mining Journal. .
The New Yorker.
Cincinnati Commercial Tribune. >
New York Sun.
Washington Times.
Burlington Hawkeye.
New Orleans Times-Democrat.
Baltimore Herald.
Louisville Commercial. . -
Wheeling (W. Va.) Intelligencer.
New Haven Leader." *
Bridgeport Standard. * ;%
Topeka Daily Capital.
Warwick (N. Y.) Advertiser. " •
Chicago Chronicle.
Chatham (N. Y.) Republican.
Fargo (N. D.) Morning Call and Daily Argus
Kansas City Journal.
Augusta (Me.) Daily Kennebec Journal. \
Elmira (N. Y.) Daily Advertiser.
Watertown Daily Times.
Indianapolis News.
Paterson Guardian.
New York Press.
Colorado Springs Mail.
Baltimore World.
~" Hudson (N. Y.) Republican.
Troy Press.
Seattle Post-Intelligencer.
| Gloversville (N. ,Y.) Leader-Intelligencer.
% Concord (N. H.) Independent Statesman.
Newburg (N. Y.) Daily News.
St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
Milwaukee Sentinel. '
Detroit Tribune.
Louisville Courier-Journal. ]
Minneapolis Journal.
Troy Record.
Troy Times.
Passaic Daily News.
New York Commercial Advertiser.
Schenectady Union.
Boston Transcript.
Rochester Democrat and Chronicle.
New Brunswick Press. A
Trpntnn TimpQ
rentop iimes.
Jersey City News. -
Baltimore American.
Rochester Post-Express.
Providence Telegram.
Syracuse Journal.
Portland (Me.) Daily News. ;:
Richmond County Advance.
Worcester Spy. ,j
Buffalo Commercial.
Dayton (Ohio) Daily Journal.
Providence Journal.
Memphis Commercial Appeal.
Western Christian Advocate.
Montreal Daily Star. '
The Musjc Trades. (New York.)
Cleveland Leader.
• : Rutland News.
ELECTRICIAN TAKES REMARKABLE
PHOTOGRAPH OF NIAGARA FALLS
HEARST AND HIS JUDGES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1901.
6
AMT7SEMENT&
Columbia— "A Modern Crusoe." t
Orr>heum— Vaudeville.
Central— "Little Lord Fauntleroy."
Alcasar— "Sapho."
Tivoll — "Xabuceo."
California— "A Texas Steer."
Grand Opera-house— "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde." ?V.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ereni&tr.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Bhennan-Clay Hall— Piano and Vocal Recital, to-morrow
alcht.
Sutro Baths— Open nights.
AUCTION SALES.
By TTm. Butterfleld— This day, at ll o'clock, elegant Furnl-
tnre. at £227 Pacific avenue.
By John J. r>ovle— This day. at til Sixth street, at 11
a. m., Horses, Wagons, Harness, etc.
Fy Tfm. G. Laynu— Thursday, September 26, at 11 o'clock,
SCO German Government horses, at 721 Howard street.. .
By O. H. tTmbeen A Co.— Monday. October 7, at 13 o'clock,
Craoka Estate Properties, at 14 Montgomery street-
"Go Away Back and Sit Down."
It is satd that certain people cannot sins «" !s
sour, but anybody can ;o away back East ar.i
sit doira in the- comfortable trains of the Nickel
Plate Road. These trains carry Nickel Plat*
Dinlns Cars in which are serv*d American Club
Meals at from 35c to |1.00 each. Call cr writ*
for free book showlns views of Buffalo Paa-
Amerlcan Exposition. Jay VT. Adams. P. C.
P. A.. 37 Crocker Bid*.. San Francisco CaL
[. . » . .
Are tends to kill the hair and tarn it «T*r.,
Parker^ Hair Balsam renews color and Mi*- *
; ilia Jercorna. the best cure for coma. ,tt 0*
Beat eyegrlasses. specs, 10c to 40c Look out
for 81 4th st., front of barber and grocery.
» o ¦
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by t& *
Presa Clipping Burean (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042.
- « «» «
Berlin has on an average only twelva
days a year when no clouds at all ar*
seen in the sky. »
CaL glace fruit 60c p«r lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*CLEARED. .
. • Tuesday. September 24.
¦ Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. • •
Tuesday, September 24.
Etmr Sierra, Koudlette. from Sydney and
Honolulu.
Ptmr Eureka, Jessen, from Eureka, '
Stmr City of l'uebla, Jepsen, £9 hours from
Victoria.
. flmr Corona, Glelow, €0 hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett. 35 hour* from
Ventura. ¦
Bark KaiuianI, " Dabel, 17 days from Hono
lulu
Bark B P Cheney, Johnson. 21 flays from
Xakneli . / . .
Dark Gerard C Tobey, Gove, 23 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Maid of Orleans, Morris, 19V4 days from
ChigniU.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
. The suits for divorce filed yesterday
were., as ! follows: Jeannette ; J. . Johnson
against Martin Johnson, desertion; Grace
HowarS aginst Thomas F. Howard, cru
elty;- Ellen Jackson against ' Thomas H.
Jackson, cruelty, and May J. McCarthy
against Patrick McCarthy, cruelty.
Divorce Suits Piled.
. Morris Bercovitz. a tailor, was arrested
by Detectives Dinan and Wren yesterday
on a charge > of . receiving stolen goods.
Among the articles stolen, by Ed Yarrow,
alias Gallagher, from the rooms of Mrs
Kate Edgerton, 1206 Stockton street, and
two of her boarders September 4 was ti
sealskin cape, which Bercovita sold to a
young man about town. Bercovitz ad
mitted to the detectives thdt he/got the
cape from Yarrow to sell. John Miller,
a friend of Yarrow, has been arrested by
the detectives, and will be charged with
being an accomplice In the burglaries.
Received Stolen Gbodsi
The Deed TProves Worthless.
F. A. Williams, a contractor, who sued
F. M. Smith to quiet title to 640 acres of
land in Mariposa County, won his suit
yesterday in Judge Troutt's court. The
deed which conveyed the property to Jo
seph T.. Fish, who sold to Smith, was
worthless, ; the signature of Williams on
the deed having been forged.
The suit of Henry Lanman against the
American-Hawaiian Steamship Company
for ?299 damages was concluded yester
day in Justice of the Peace Dunn's court.
The testimony developed that Lanman
was triced up on the Oregronlan when the
ship lay oft Montevideo. Lanman testified
that he had broken no rule, and he was
corroborated in this' by another sailor
named . Klmmel. The defense offered no
testimony in rebuttal, as the ship is at
sea. The. court will decide whether the
owners 6f the vessel are liable for the
acts of their employes. .
Sailor Seeks Damages.
Attorney Hogan Sent to Jail.
John T. Hogan, who poses as an attor
ney, was sent to the County Jail by Judge
Fritz yesterday to serve thirty-five days'
imprisonment. A year, ago Hogan wa3
convicted of obtaining money by false
pretenses and se.ntenced to pay a fine of
f35, with the alternative of thirtv-five
days in jail. He appealed and in 'April
last the judgment of the lower court was
affirmed. . Hogan, who was released on
bonds pending the appeal, .kept out of the
way of the police until Monday night. A
felony charge of obtaining money by falsa
pretenses is pending against him in Judge
Cabaniss' court . : ..
Well Known Woman, Dies.
Mrs. Eliza. Jane Jone3, for many years
a resident of San Jose and Pacific Grove,
died last Monday morning from a stroke
of apoplexy at the residence of her grand-
u f r nte i"i t^ rs - Fra »5< Willard Kimball,
116 Twelfth street. The deceased was
born in Pittsfleld, Pike County 111 Au
gust 28, 1833, and was the widow of the
late Major Thomas W. Jones of the Sec
ond Illinois Cavalry. She leaves the fol
lowing children and grandchildren-
T, M «;. AIlce §• Winans, widow of Jonas
W. Winans of S^n Jose; Mrs. Dr W V
Grimes, Miss Elizabeth D. Jones and Miss
Anna E. Jones of Pacific Grove Mrs
Fr 5 nk ,, Wlllard 'Kimball, granddaughter!
and Claude Ownby Winans, grandson
The interment took place at {fan Joses
yesterday.
Tupper has notified att the heads of de
partments that the Spring Valley Water
Company is preparing to , charge .public
buildings meter rates for water. He cau
tions the officials to be sparing in the use
of water on that account. . •
Tupper reports that the San' Francisco
Gas Company has installed 3203 boulevard
lamps in the' downtown districts and on
Van Ness avenue. There yet remain
some 1500 lamps to be erected, but the
work has been stopped by the Incan
descent burner company on account of
the danger to which they may i be sub
jected in the district south of Market
street by reason of the strike.
In his monthly report filed yesterday
with the Board of Public Works ' Light
and Water 1 Inspector Tupper calls atten
tion to the fact that the service pipes
leading to the gas lamps around the City
Hall are. In bad condition.- One pipe was
found to be fun. of holes for a distance of
twelve feet. Tunper says the waste of
gas is enormous. At his request he was
given authority by Colonel Mendell, presi
dent of the board, to repair all the pipes
at an expense of $200.
Light . Inspector Tupper Discovers
That the Service Pipes. Ara .
Full of Holes.
ENORMOUS WASTE IN GAS
AROUND THE CITY HALL
"Word has just been received from Reno
that a plant of the Vulcan Smelting and
Refining Company of this city has been
put to a successful test at the Nevada
State Fair at Reno. The result has at
tracted the attention of the mining people
all over the. country, as this demonstra
tion at Reno has been looked forward to
by many mining people who are interested
in the success of the furnace, as it virtu
ally means * the revolutionizing of the
smelting industry on the coast.
The plant was erected in the State Fair
grounds under the supervision of the pres
ident of the company, Mr. Frank W.
Page, and- ru..s were made on different
kinds of refractory ores, including heavy
sulphide ores and copper carbonates, and
as a result turned out high grade copper
ingots, going as high as 88 per cent pure
copper and carrying the gold and silver
values.
The smelting industry is one which Is
rapidly coming to the front, and this ex
hibition run of the Vulcan Company has
proved conclusively the fact that a newer
and cheaper process for reducing ores,
especially refractory ores, has at last
been ascertained, that the old methods '
are .becoming obsolete, and that this
newer method bids fair to take the place
of the old style blast stack in the near
future.
The Vulcan Company have" a number of
standing orders for their new plants,. and
thia successful run at Reno will result In
placing their plants in the different min
ing camps throughout the country.
Successful Exhibit of New Smelting
Plant at Nevada State Fair at
Reno.
The enterprising management of the
Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar gavp
a highly enjoyable theatrical treat to its
3200 or more employes at the Columbia
Theater last night. The entire house was
engaged for, the occasion, and 1400 invi
tations to employes and their friends
were issued. The bill was Rosenfeld's "A
Modern Crusoe," and its humor was thor
oughly enjoyed.
It is the custom of the Emporium man
agement to entertain its army "of assist
ants ¦ annually.' Formerly sumptuous
banquets or dances were given, but this
year a thatrical entertainment, although
far more expensive, was decided upon.
The event was in the nature of a recep
tion to General Manager Henry Dem
ham and his wife, who have Just return
ed • from Europe, and to Director • and
Mrs. William Kaufmann, on their return
from abroad. The directors occupied the
boxes with their wives and friends, and
the rows back of the loges were occupied
by the flfty-two department managers of
the Emporium with their families and
friends. It was a fine-looking and appre
ciative audience, a fact which the players
did not fail to recognize. The general
public was denied admittance.
Among the directors in the boxes- were
M. H. Hecht, Henry Dernham, A. M.
Davis, H. M. Davis, William- Kaufmann,
F. Dohrjnann, A. B. C. Dohrmann, Super
intendent A. H. Martin and Advertising
Manager W. E. Joslyn. Arrangements for
a dance to be given next month are in
progress.
Management Gives Its Army of As
sistants an Evening at the
Columbia Theater.
THEATRICAL TREAT FOR
EMPLOYES OF . EMPORIUM.
Secretary Ingram Again at His Post
. ¦ in the Big Yellow Suild
• c ing.
Everitte St, John, who wll{ fill an Im
portant position -with the Southern Pacific
Company, leaves on Friday for the East
to settle his busines affairs before per
manently making San Francisco his home.
On his way East he will pay a visit to
Santa Barbara and- Los Angeles.
R. H. Ingram, private secretary and ma
jor domo to President Charles M. Hays,
returned yesterday from the East.t He re
fuses to discuss the resignation of Mr.
Hays.
ST. JOHN WILL GO EAST
' f TO SETTLE HIS AIT AIRS
The anthem, "America, was sung by
all present and benediction was--pro
nounced by Past President John F. Can
non. . , *. 'J, ;iw . •«••-¦ v -v
The time has come when this curse must be
stamped out In the United States. The red
hand of anarchism must no -longer be Haunted
before our gaze, to shock humanity and to dis
grace our treat nation. The principle of re
ppect to the man in whom Is embodied the
spirit of our government must be Instilled Into
every mind, beginning in the schools and end
ing on the public DlaUorm. Laws must and
will be passed placing limitations upon speech,
which In attacking the President of this na
tion as a man covertly threatens the existence
and ¦well-beint of the people whom he repre
sents. ' ¦-
After the organ prelude by Charles L.
Quast a brief announcement of the pur
pose of the gathering was made by S. A.
D. Jones. K. T. Banning then read sev
eral excerpts from the more notable of
President McKinley's addresses, and
Mayor Phelan followed with reminis
cences of the President's visit to the city
in May last. The dead executive's favor
ite hymn, "Lead, Kindly Light," was im
pressively sung- by the Knickerbocker
quartet. The eulogy was spoken by Dan
iel A. Ryan. He referred to the Presi
dent's stay in San Francisco and drew
lessons from the career ot the martyred
President's life. Referring to anarchy,
which the speaker declared was respon
sible for the sorrow in which the nation
is now plunged, he said:
Memorial services in respect to the
memory of the late President William
McKinley were held by Pacific Parlor No.
10, Native Sons of the Golden West, at
Native Sons' Hall, on Mason street, last
night. The chamber in which the serv
ices were held was appropriately draped
In somber black. The altar was covered
with a draped flag: and before it rested
a picture of the dead President, bearing
the words, "Our Nation's Martyr,"
worked in flowers. Flags and banners
adorned the walls.
Impressive Memorial Service Held by
Members of Pacific Parlor No.
1O Last Evening.
NATIVE SONS HONOR
THE DEAT> PRESIDENT
The dead man is Charles L. Corey, who
was caught in the debris of a. falling wall.
He died on the way to the Mercy Hospi
tal. Henry D. O'Holleran, driver of en
gine company No. 59 had his back broken
by a falling wall and was removed to the
Mercy Hosoital. He will die. Those se
riously injured are: Pipeman Donohue of
engine company No. 8, who was buried
in the debris and dragged out uncon
scious; James Hickey, engine company
No. 59, struck by a falling brick; Pipe
man Lyons, • engine company No. 8, head
and shoulders bruised by failing bricks;
Patrick Murray, engine company No. 69,
struck by debris! C. F. Musham, in com
mand, was 'also badly hurt on the legs by
bricks, but remained In command.
The fire started by explosions In the
highly inflammable stock stored in the
plant. As the flames gathered headway
more explosions followed, which In turn
wrecked the roof and the west and south
walls, burying- the firemen.. ¦' .- -
CHICAGO, Sept. 24.— One fireman waB
killed and several others were seriously
injured while fighting a fire here early
to-day that damaged the oil and varnish
plant of Freund Bros., at 3140 South Ca
nal street, to the extent of $60,000.
Masses of Debris Crush the
Members of Engine
Companies.
ST VIXCEXT- Arrived Sep: 23— Br stmr Kin
tuck, from Taeoma. ,
KOBE— Sailed Sept 23— Br stmr Kalsow, for
United Kir*dom.
VAXCOUVF.lt— Arrived Sert 21— Ger stmr
M°m'ihi."=, hence Spot 18.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Sept 0— Br ship
Falklandbank, from Hamburg.
PRAWLE POINT- Passed Sept 13-Cr ship
Samaritan, from True, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— Sailed Sept 21— Br ship Cawdor,
for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA-Sailed Sept 2S-Br stmr Duke
of F,ife, for Taeoma.
Art-ived Sept 22— Jap stmr Hongkong Maru,
hence Sert 4.
PANAMA— Sailed Sfpt 21— Stmr Arsyi, for
San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— Sailed Sert 23— Ger stmr Sera
pis, for Hamburg, hence Sept 16.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 23-Stmr Ad
vance, from Colon.
EASTERN PORT,
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 24— Schr Bertie
Minor, from San Pedro; schr Lottie Carson,
from Guyamas.
Sailed Sent 24-Schr O M Kellogsr, for San
Pedro; stmr Alliance, for Cocb Bay;'stmr San
Pedro, for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 24— Schr
James II Bruce, for San Pedro.
Sailed Sept 23— Schr S C Slade, for Honolulu;
schr Jennie Stella, for San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO- Sailed Sept 24-Schr Ethel
Zane, for Eureka; stmr Kulton, for Albion.
ClIIGNIK— In port Aug; 20— Bark J D Peters
and ship Eclipse, for San Francisco.
To sail Sept 20— Bark Ferris S Thompson, for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 22-Sohr Davil
Evans, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Sept 23— Stmr Humboldt.
for SKasuay; bark Diamond Head, for Hono
lulu.
Sailed Sept 24-Stmr Cottage City, for Skag
uay; stmr Chico, for Fort Grape.
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 24— Stmr Geo W El
der, for San Francisco. •
Arrived Sept 24— Kr bark Bourbaki, from
Limerick. •
PORT LOS ANGELES-Sailed Sept 24-Stmr
Alcatraz, for . - ¦ .
PORT TOWNSEXD— Passed Sept 24— Schr J
B Leeds, rrom Alaska; schr F S Redfleld, from
Honolulu.
Arrived Seat 2i— Schr Forester, from Eleeie;
Ettnr Oregon, from Nome.
Arrived Sept 24— Stmr Roanoke, from Nome;
stmr Oresron. from Nome. In tow of two tugs.
WHATCOM— Sailed Sopt 21— Stmr Robert
Dollar, for Redondo. '
NKAH BAY-Passed Seut 24-Bark Gatherer,
hence Sept IP; stmr Roancke, from Nome:
strar Tyonlc, for San Francl»;o; Br bark Low
Wood, for B:>enos Ayres.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
LONDON, Sent' 23-Bark Challeneer, pre
viously reported ashore at Correftidor, had to
jettison 20 tons cargo before being floated.
Stmr Oregon, which arrived at Port Town
send to-day from Nome, reports that delay
was caused 'by ha vine steering gear and. part
of profiler carried away by rough weather. .
MISCELLANEOUS.
Aug 2S, lat 15 N. Ion 145 20 W— Ship St Fran
ces, from Chemainus, for Adelaide.
Aug 12, lat 1 S, no Ion— Br ship Sierra Cor
dova, from Taeoma, for Bristol.
Aug IS, lat 12 N, Ion 23 W— Ger ship O«orno,
hence IJay 17, for Queenstown.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 24, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind \V, velocity 6 miles] per hour.
Tuesday, September 24.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Scotia. Watvijj. Hockoort.
Stmr Gipsy. l>land, Santa Cruz.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, Eureka.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria. .
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
Schr Minnie A Caine, Olsen, Eureka..
Schr Solano.^. Rosich, Port Biakeley. .
Schr Melancthon, Olsen, Coos . Bay.
TKLEGRAPIIIC.
SAILED.
Br ship Celtic Monarch, Lewis, Queenstown;
Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
Br ship King Edward, Newman, Cork; L
KaufTman.
Bris «eneva. Aas, Honolulu; Williams, Dl
mond & Co.
and the B. P. Cheney from the canneries.
AH of them made fair passages.
Joseph Newman, a 12-year-old boy, was
inured In an elevator on the front yes
terday. He was treated at the Harbor
Hospital for lacerated wounds of the
scalp and chin. He was looking down the
shaft when the descending car struck him.
The Tucapel is expected from South and
Central American ports to-day.
The Nippon Maru will sail for the Orient
next Friday. '. ¦ v ; -
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. :
The Mayfield will load wheat at Portland for
Europe, 40s 9d, chartered '. prior to arrival; the
Republic, lumber at Chemainus for Melbourne.
53s 9d, prior to arrival; the Tanner, lumber at
Biakeley for Honolulu; the Benjamin Sewall,
lumber at British Columbia for Sydnev, prior
to arrival. .' .
Grain for Europe.
The British ship Celtic Monarch cleared- yes
terday for Queenstown for orders, with 54,287
ctls barley, valued at $4S.seO; 22,286 ctls wheat,
valued at J21,370and 1S.C00 It lumber as dun
nage, valued at J3T0.
The British ship King Edward also cleared
yesterday for Queenstown, with 60.S70 ctls
wheat valued at $60,870 and 16,000 ft lumber
dunnaee. valued at J-240.
Lnitod States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Maters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same, at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Schooner Maid of Orleans Damaged in a Gale— British , Steamship
Royalist Purged of Libels— Whalers Advised ; to Give the
Carolines a Wide Berth Next Spring— -The Sierra Arrives
THE Pacific Steam Navigation
Company's Colombia, which ar
rived from South and Central
American ports Monday night
and was placed in quarantine.
was allowed to dock yesterday morning.
•It was found that the case of sickness
aboard was not contagious. Those who
namid" P In the C^ bln are the/ following
Callao-Robert E. Elder.
hirr! n ? ; > ma <r Iv ; e £ 1 Mc * ells . John Ahearn. Wil
\££ C - ¥ f mUh ' Josephine Stephens. Mary A.
kJT^iJ?*? 1 ? 11 ArUs - Manuela C. de Arias,
lamiiy and Justa Diaz.
.ini. i 05^ d *o Guate mala-Lcrenzo Foncea, Vir
te^ 8 - and '-°
f^f a *? tlan - EracM<> F - DIaz - James B. Dennis.
h^?* Ac ? sta ' L" 18 Fajardo, Thomas A.
Itepperd&n and Martin Ovalle.
M. Arias is one of Panama's most nrom
tS* , merc nants. and K. W. Melville Is a
special agent of the Panama Steamship
Company and .the Compania Sud Ameri
cana de vapores.
Among her cargo the Colombia has gold,
fi A£ r n£ nfi c? ulphates valued at more than
$1,000,000. Some of the items follow:
Ten cases of gold -bars, S cases of gold ore, l
case gold dust. 73 cases ot cyanide elimes,. l
case coins. .1 bar of gold, 7 bare of silver and
I tacks of sulphur of silver.
The work of discharging and coaling
the ehip will be rushed, and the chances
are that she will get away on time next
Saturday. She will be followed by the
rucapel of the Compania Sud Americana
de V apores line, which is scheduled to ar
rive to-day.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE!— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column^ and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
a"ddltlon to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, rxcept when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
•Riven Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower lovr waters.
WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 25.
Snn rises €:00
Sun Bets 6;03
Moon sets , 2:5S a. m.
Time Time Tlrael Tlme|
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
L w ii w l w h w]
25 ... 2:« 0.5 »:32 6.2 3:09 1.5 9:22 5.3
26 ... 3:SS 0.6 10:06 5.4 3:52 0.9 10:16 5.4
27 ... 4:11 0.7 10:3? 5.6 4:40 0.4 11:09 S.5
2S ... 4:53 1.6 11:13 5.8 5:22 0.0
H Wj L. W H W L. W
29 ...1 0:03( 5.4 5:32 1.3 11:50 5.9 6:11— fl. 3
30 ..) 0:5S] 5.2 6:15 1.7 12:30 6.0 7:01 —0.4
1 ...| 1:591 5.0| C:5S 2.1 1:14 6.1 7:oS —0.4
CAUGHT HT : SO U TH WESTER.
Schooner Maid, of Orleans Battles
: With Hurricane Off the Coast.
The schooner Maid of Orleans, which
arrived from Chignik Bay yesterday, had
a hard time of it on September IL She
left for San Francisco on September 4
with 7300 cases of salmon, and for a week
all was plain sailing. When in latitude 50
degrees north, longitude 146 degrees 13
minutes west, a heavy gale came up and
the vessel was almost thrown on her
beam ends. She was hove to under a
double reefed foresail, but even under
that canvas made heavy weather of it. A
sea was shipped that washed a lot of tur
pentine drums and several barrels of
salmon overboard. The gale increased In
violence and the reefed toresail was car
ried away. The schooner was finally got
before the gale and was driven miies out
of her course. Everything movable was
washed from the deck and the crew had a
hard time cf it. The lowest reading of the
barometer was 2S.68.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. J Due.
f?an Pedro jHumboldt |Sept 25
Victoria 'Oyster Harbor Sept. 25
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. C5
Progreso Taooma (Sept. 25
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. S«pt. 1'fi
City of Sydney Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Point Arena... Point Arena t?ept. 27
IVmoia Humboldt Sept. 27
Peru China and Japan tSept. 28
Enterprise NV Y. via Panama jSept. IIS
Kureka Humboldt iSept. 29
Walla V/alla.. Puget Sound Ports.... ISept. 29
Washtenaw J Taeoma ISept. 29
<~croii.i jRpdondo & Way Ports [Oct. 1
Curacao i Mexican Ports .... JQct. . 2
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination.. I Sails, j Pier.
September SS. I
Empire Coos. Bay ...... . ; :.. 12 m Pier 13
Mar.dalay.... Coqullle River.*.... g pm Pier 8
September 2ft.
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Kureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Corona Redondo & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
North Fork.. HumlxJldt 9 am Pier 2
September 27.
Xlppon Maru China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
1 September 2M.
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
Colombia Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier »
; City Pucbla.. Pugct Sound Ports 11 am l'ler 9
Pan Bias Panama & War.. 12 m PMSS
San P«>dro jHumboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Geo. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
September 21).
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Santa Rosa.. San DIefeo & Way 9 am Pier 11
September CO.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
October 3. "
Walla Walla Puget Sound Pts.. 11 am Pier 9
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
Tucapel I Valparaiso <b Way 12 m Pier 10
FROM SEATTLE.
Et earner. From. | Due.
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way.. Sept. 23
Dolphin S'.caguay & Way Torts. Sept. 26
I>irigo gKaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. S*pt. 27
Xorne City Nome and Teller Sept. 28
Senator Nome direct Sept 2S
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept 2«
Roanoke Nome & gt. Michael.. ISept. 28
Time Ball. ~~~~
Branch Hydrographlc Qfflce, TJ S N Mer
chants* Exchange, San Francisco" Cal
September 24. 1901.
The time ball was not dropped to-day. Mech
anism out of order. C. G. CALKINS
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
Troubles of the Eoyalist.
The British tramp steamship Royalist
was again released by the courts yester
day and will probably sail for England in
a few days should not another libel suit
arise. The vend came here under char
ter to a San Francisco firm and was then
recharteiec to Swayne. lioyt & Co. for a
voyage to Australia. She was guaranteed
to carry 5300 tons dead weight at a speed
of ten knots on a coal consumption of
twenty-six ton?. The voyage to Sydney
was made in twenty-live days, which sat
isfied the charterers, but she was forty
one days coming back. There had been
trouble aboard at Newcastle, Australia,
and a new crew was put In the engine
room and some repairs made.
Leaving Newcastle the Royalist had as
mucn coal in her bunkers as when she
left San Francisco, yet when thirty-one
days out it wa.s all gone and the steamer
was in midocean. '.Then the cargo was
broached, and ten days later the vessel
reached San Francisco, having burned
4 ( W tons cf coal in that time. On her ar
rival here the sub-charterers demanded
pay for the coal burned out of the cargo,
and also an allowance for the extra time
taken to reach this port. The owners
would not make any allowance, so the
Ehip was libeled and remained in the
hands of the United States Marshal for a
month.
In the meantime the original charterer
wanted the vessel for his unexpired term
and coaled her for her voyage. As soon
as she was released on the sub-charterers'
claim another plaster was put on for the
coal supplied and the loss of a month's
time. This demand was again combated
by the owners, and it ivas only yesterday
that the Royalist was released after be
ing in .port since July 4 last. She may
now be chartered to load wheat for Eng
land, to which place both suits against
her 'have been transferred.
South S?a Whalers Warned.
The wind-jammers that leave here for
a whaling cruise in the southern and
Okhotsk seas would better not call at the
Carolines' next spring. Last season one
of the barks put Into Kusaie and sold a
number of knives and other dangerous
weapons to the natives. This kind of
traffic is expressly forbidden by the Ger
man Government, and now a guard of
fifteen men under a petty officer is held In
readiness to punish any American whaler
that may put into the Carolines with the
Intention of trading. A Japanese schooner
caught in the act of illicit trading was
confiscated and her crew sent home on a
German gunboat. This is the news brought
by the trading brig: John D. Spreckels
from the south seas. The Spreckels left
here in May last, and after calling at
Gucm went to Ruk. At that point the
wreck of the German steamer Munchen
is high and dry on the beach. She was
a trader between Hongkong and Sydney,
touching: at all German possessions. She
went ashore £uring a gale and is now a
total loss.
The officers of the Spreckels say that
traders of ail nationalities except German
are being driven out of German posses
sions, and that the natives are growing
restless.
Arrival of the Sierra.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Sierra arrived from Australia, New Zea
land, Samoa ar.d Hawaii Jast evening too
late to pass the quarantine officer. She
will deck early this morning.
"Water Front Notes.
The harks Gerard C. Tobey and Kalu
lani arrived from the Islands yesterday.
Explosions During Fierce
Blaze Injure Many
¦ -Men.
COLOMBIA BRINGS MUCH TREASURE
FROM SOUTH AND CENTRAL AMERICA
FALLING WALLS
BURY FIREMEN
- .¦..,...¦-.¦..•¦¦.. ,.-¦.¦,-,.- ¦.¦;:.•¦•;¦¦'- . | ¦ ' ¦ . ¦¦' ¦ • - ¦- • ¦ .. ¦*-.-.¦-¦
THE SAN FRAls CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1901,
7
. . AjDVEBTISEMENTS. ; |; V Vg
ipjjy C?3^k QB V9^k C^^ &%i
ASCI mEm TBl WmbT bWj Wy • vll G£JT
sH Vs^w Sm sSss! KBLJa fi^n %ffl ' * ESj3 BByflk K wr *^CHp^^
One great cause of sleeplessness in
infants is improper or insufficient
food. An infant will usually sleep
well after taking food that satisfies
and nourishes. Mellin's Food satisfies
and nourishes; contains enough to
satisfy and the kind to nourish.
Bend us your name for our book of "Mellin's Food Babies." We will send it free.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
THE SHORT LINE
RATE TO
ROUND TRIP
VIA
SH DAYS TO BUFFALO.
4 DAYS TO NEW YORK,
(4 Hsurs Ahead of All Competitors .''
THREE TRAINS DAILY
PULLMAN AND TOURIST SERVICE
SPECIAL.
Personally Conducted Tourist Excursion
leaves San Francisco at 8 a. m.. Sacramento
at 11:25 a. rr... October 4th.
TICKETS ON SALE
OCTOBER 3d and 4th.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agant, '
1 Montgomery st.. S. F.
SOUTHERN PAOIFIO:
Xraln* lon«t> muiI nre «(mw to tnrrtwm ¦¦
NAM rUAMCIMO.
(Main Una. Foot of Market Snrect.) . . ¦
LXATB TaOU JCLT II. 190L - AERIT1
7:OOa Ben(ds,.S(iU!uu. Slmlra aad Sscn- .' "~
meuto s^lf
"i©«A V»e»>iU«, TTlLt^tj, Euuuoy 7tO3#
• :8«a MarUner,»»ullAnmu,Val)<jjo. K»p»,
talistoja »ml SanU llosa 9it3f
8:Ot»* D*7m, Woodland. KnljOU L»ndiue,
AUtTBTllle. Oroiilla. 7iSlv
8:OO\ Atlantic Kxpreu— (Jj.ieu aci. Etui ISttSSy
i»:o»a NUaa. Lithrcjv, Stockton «tS)S>
»i»«iNue», M»ndot», Hacford. VJsalla,
Poiterrille „ 4:33f
¦iS9a Sh «u Uxprrss-DaTU, WiUUiEa (for
Ilarttett SprlDpsX WlUo*«. iCoU
Bluff. Portl*iul.. T:33#
8:30* 8tu Joss, tifennore, .Stsclitnii,
lone, Saartmti'ti). rUcniile. Sjfci-*3
JUry»»ill.-. Chlcn, IJu.1 Hliiff 4:33*
• iSO* Oak<Ulp. Chinese (Yusemlto), 80-
nor«.. «;*rt--rj 4:S5y>
»tOO\ TlKTWRnl, NiiuandWa; SUUons.. 11:53*
»:OOAV»llejo 1»:S3?
U:OWaLos AuedCd Exprws — Martinez, .
» Tracy. U'Jirop. .Stoottton. llerct-ti
, . . Kre»no «imI hot Angvtea ~>a5y
»s»»4 Vail, jo, Mulltiu ana Wrnr Hl»tlon» 7:33»
I O:W»A TUo OTurlin.l J,l:iit»ed— Ogdci :, Uea- '
Ter, Omaha. <.']ilc»git ftSSr
tlidftr Sacramento IUfer8t«>merii t' 1 ""*
a:3Jt»p Hay ward. Nil. ¦ ami V»'-iy Kt«!.i«iii.. 7:33 1
4>»«r HouicU. Wiuton. fi»cr»...«i.io.
lyouilland. KulghU ljiuUliii;. '
- AUryHVlllf. Oro.ill,. 10:33a
4l:OOp Mart'tH>r, Kan JUiuon, V:»ll«]r»,
Nn|ia. 1.'h1!kIc.«ji. Smttn Hum. *i>«1a
4:00? Ni'«N, LiTtrmora. StocUon. Lo<H... ia<*3p
4i3«r H» jWirO. Mi««. f<»ii.l..m. Ufcitnon t"»-»-"i*
'4t3Mp fan Una a, Trscy. La'trop. fif ckton 1<m33a
3:OOr Th» Owl I JmlteJ-lT/mMO, 7aUn>.
l!akerj!iol<l. Haiigiia for Saul* Uar-
bnra, l,ns Anedi-A ".u-'Ji
BiO«pMardn«z. Antioch. Stocktou. Mer- * "¦
eed. Frano l!ftS5»
S:O«p Yosemi'.w l£i-Ut '
BiUOr New Orleans F.iprr«c— Mendota,
Fiwn, Baktnno d Los Angeles.
D laii-e. LI l'aso, New Onoan*
ud £tit 7>nSv
SiOOr Ila»n»r.J, Milasmml Han Jcs« > «;3A»
t*:O»r Vall-J.. ; I I ¦33 4
WiOOr Oriental Mall- O/.:cti, Cheyenns.
Omtlia, Chlcign. I9:SAV
•t»Op Oriental AIall-Oz<*en, I>ht«t.
Bt Loula. CliiCKo *i%39
7i«Op Or«K<>n mul C»IUi.ruU Ki|.rM«.M>».
mineutii. MarynTllhr. iteililitiR,
r<irklmnl. rngci fioiiiid ami Until 8>33*
li«5p Ssa r»b!o, l'..rt routs, Mnrtluea
ami Way Stations UiSS*.
_t*'»!»f Tallrln ?»V»» .
COAST IilXK (NnrroiT (i»n S o).
_" - ' (f(n»to(ll:.fki:t Street.) -'. ,i
f! i43a BuU Cim Kxcun'on 10 .1ai>t» Ctxu
and Prino-pal Way citations M*03V
¦ il."»* Newark. <>iit-rr!;i.-.Ha').l«.8-. Kelt,.!.,
. . )li>nlOer(;rK)k,^»i.taC'nu:ii il \V*y
tltiitloim 3i3(»»
f3<I5r Newark CenterTilhf. ban Jos), Ni-.f
Aimadeu. fnltnn. Kimliier l.'rft-lt.
Santa (,'iux autl 1'rfnclpal \V»f
Btellona iniSflA
4il.1r Newark, Han Jane, Lot Ga'os t*<»»4
»*tlir Olenwood.Bon'deT CrwV. 3snt» Crea t *j3»a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
fna Si.1 msCISCO— r«v or luktt Street (Slip 8>—
17:10 im 11:00*. m. 1:30 3:33 5:lSr.w.
rf«mOUUl9-rHltfIrudw*T.— )i!:U0 {3:00 li-.CS
10.00 a.m. 12:03 8:03 t:C3r.it.
COAST IilXK (ttraail »;*« B «). '• -
(Third and Townseml Sti.)
' O:I«a Stn Jcie ind W17 ststions.. ...:.... Oi.IOa
t?i«OA Han Jims mitt Wuy StHllmia. IttlUp
/7i»o* Now Atma<l*n.. /4d*f
f3iS*>A Sunday Excunina for ftao Jcse.
Saot» Cm*. FtdSo Oioto snd
Piiadpsl Wiy Stations {S:7#j
• iO«a Hau Jot*. Ho'.listsr. Mmita. t.'ruz.
l'aclilc tlr.n., fallnas. Sta Lots
Obispo. Banta Barbara ami Prla- '
dpal li.terroeaute HUti..ns 7>So»
1 0i30 a Sin Jwte and Wt; Stations.. ,. «:30 »
llta«A Mftii Josk hii.I Way KUtlons 5i3l>#
iSi !»!> San Matra. ltedwooti. Menl> Park-,
V«!o Alto. Pan ta Clara. Han .lew, .
¦ HolUtter. Sant* Crnx. Balinaa.
1 Blontarcy an<t rxellto nrnve 1l9t49* ;
•iSOr San.lD.ir, Tres Pinos. Saiiti.Cmz,
PmMc Groro and Way fc.tatiotia 4:16*
44llSr San Jose amt lMncl{ial WayiiUMons Ui*5a
\ 5:O» p San Jate. Los Gatoa and Pxineipal
Way Stations f9>t«« I
0:3«r SanJoseamlrVlDOipaMVayfitailons 8:38a
OiOOp Redwood, Ban Jot e. GL'roy, (iaZlsas,
BanU Barbara. Los Anjel«s 10:O3a i
• •.IlOrfian Josaaiul Way Stations t«>«<>*
tllt4rtp 8>n Joswawl Way Stations 7»»S>y
A for llornidt. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excupted. } flnndar only.
# Saturday only. . « Monday.
« Saturday t n 1 8onday. / Tncaxfam »nd Fridaj^
CALIFORNIA NOfiTHWESTiEfiN RT. Cft.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Mar*** 91
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, »:0O, U.-0« a. m.; 13:35.
3:3G. E:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:20 d. in. Saturdays — extxa trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. m.
6UNDATS-8:0O. 9:S(). U:W a. m.; 1;JQ, |;JOl
- 6:00, C:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco. -
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. H:10 a. ra • 12-«.
J.40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at i:al
and 6:35 p. m.
EUNDAYS-8:10, .9:40, 11:10 a. ra.: 1M0 140t
_>¦•«. t:25 p. m. .
-¦" i^ av » I In Effect I Arrtv*
_San Francisco. [April 28. 19O1.| Butt Francisco.
Week f Bun- J Su£ Week
Days. ( days. | Destination. | days. | Day».
T:J0am| 8^0 am Norato. K :40 am 8:«0 am
8:30 pm| 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:23 am
tilO pmf t:W pm Banta Rosa. 7:35 pm «:20 pm
Fulton. : - ¦ " i
7^0 am "VVlndsor. 10:23 am
S :00 pm llealdsburg, 1C :40 am
IJTtton.
GeyMrville.
8:30 pm 8^X> am Cloverdale. T:33 pm C:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:0O pmj Hopland |l(>:40 am|10:23 am
8:»0 pm| 8:00 am) and Uklah. [ 7:35 pin| 8:20 pm
7:3U am 10:40 amH0:25 ara
8:00 am Guernevllle. V:33 pml '- ;¦
_»jO pm S:C0ptn 1 «:» pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. <::05 pmf <:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami |W :40 air|10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 prnl Pebastopol. | t:3S pm| «:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for. Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geysenrille for BkaKgs Springs: at Cloverd.il.>
for the Geysers j at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kel?eyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Bprifcgs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Sprlns?. Blue LaKPP, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Bprlr.ss. Upp*r Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's. Bucknetl's.
Banhedrin Heishts, Hullvtnp. Orr's Hot
Sprin-s. Mendocino City. Fort Bras?. West-
bort. Una!. Wllllta. Laytonvilie. Cummins.
Bell's Sprlnits. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scot!*
and Eureka. ¦ .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r«-
duecd ratee.
On Sundays round- trip ticket* to all points '
beyond San Rafael at half ratra.
Ticket office, CO Market street. Chronlcla
bulldlns.
H. C. WHITTNO. « R. X. RYAN. -
Gen. Manager. G«n. Pass Agtt. .
The Weekly~Gail
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAH f
AMUSEMENTS.
£*fftff BflBfigSBH sau nsAirciscn
l#ULUl¥iJBlM i&DiseiHEM
LAST FIVE NIGHTS— Matinee Saturday.
.Mr. Melville Stolta Presents THOS. Q.
SEABROOKE
In Sydney Rosenfeld's Romantic Comic Play,
/* MODERN CRUSOE-
PRICES $1.50. ?1, 73c, 5«c. 35c,, 25c.
beginning SEPTEMBER 30,
The Musical Hit of Three Continents.
Seats Ready To-morrow Morning at 9 o'clock.
: TIIE RECORD BREAKER.
THIS WEEK ONLY— Matinee Saturday.
H^^r-f *C Best Work
1 1 \J\' L » n <* Masterpiece
A TEXAS STEER
ALL STAR COMPANY.
PRICES— Joe, 33c. 50c, 73c. |L -
NEXT SUNDAY N1CH ; -
West's Big Minstrel Jubilee
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
PALACE HOTElT
For a, quarter of a* century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of ths world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan. . _
GRAND HOTEL.
RAILWAY TBAVEL. I
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry* Depot.
* Local LIm'd Ovrl'd- Local
Dally • Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
•• Merced.... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
•' Fresno.... 2:03 p S:35 p. 3:05 a 10:50 p
• " Hanford.. 8:12 p S:27 p 7:0fl a
" Visalla.... 3:40 p 4:4Sa
•' BaUrsfleld 6:15 p 5:20 p 2:30 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
** Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p fcr afternoon. "
•9 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leavtnr Monday and Thursday only
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars tnrouRh to Chicago.' Chair C*ir runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation cf local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing? train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:30 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno, local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
8:00* n. m. is the Overland Expresw with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:53 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakerafleld Local, slopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. - Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 611 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oak-
lnnq.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito perry. 1
Commencing April 23, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAIXEt
AMD SAN RAFAEL.
¦WEEK DAYS— «:65, 8:30. »9:20. 11 a. m.:
12:45. *l:45. 8:15. 4:15. fc:15. *S:\$, «:45 p, m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill ValUy And San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUWDAYS— TrfJO. 8:00. »9:00. MOW. 11 :M il:3»
«. m.. W:45. •1:30.2:30. •3:45. 5:00. 1:00. 7:3»
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to Sau Rafael
Sundays. .
Trains marked (•) run to San QuenHn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-'SiS, 6:27. T:47. 8:;S. 18:1J
a. m., '12:25. 1:15, 2:20. *3:35. 4:40. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:M p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »«:00, 9:45. *ll:00 a. m.. »1J
».. 1:00. 1:15, »3:S0. 4:30. •SAS. 6:45, 7:30. 10:19
p m. ¦ -
Trains marked (*) start from San Quenttn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS— 5:45, «:45. 7:55. 8:!S. 10:14
a. rt., 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 8:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. tn.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. «
SUNDATS— «:35, 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. Bl.. 13:13.
1:20 2:30. 8:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN9.
6:53 a. m. week days— Caxadero and iray sta-
tions. •
8:15 p. xn. Saturdays— Cazadero and tray sta-
tions. •- ¦- _, _ • •
go. 1 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way na-
tions. ;
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
TU 8su«Uw Ferry-Foot ifKtrM Bu
im«i •«" ra««. «¦¦¦*! uanua
.....week days «:&;.«.
8K5O*. «.) . 12:15 F. M.
9«0i. M. - 115 r.M.
1130 A.M. BVHVAY9 i 4iS0|1>lt
130 p.m. 6:Hdr.tL
240 r. M.J . ( 7:10 ». m.
F»m. Sss rruetaw t» Snnmll tmA Ktfmrn, |IU
Tlcfcet Offices, 621 Market St., ft SaosalUc Fgrry,
: Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iU<*Jll 629 KEABST ST. EsUbllshcd
GH H V iii^i'" l834 ' ortl 'e treatment of Private
Ctyljjfety diseases, I,o«t Manhood. Debility or
: ¦w^»ij«i'MSjff>rtlM'fl.'»i» v/enrlnfff>ti body ami n liwl and
i285g*ggj3-53|Skln Diseases. Tlie J>octorcuri»s when
ofi^ffig^Mothera fail. Try him. rharj'.-ps low.
SM^aamgBB«:nr»« r n«r«t.«.»ii- CiillcrTrita
Dr. J. X*. «fIBS9M. Htu Frauciscc. C»l. -'-
-.-¦•— -: I AMITSEM]SKTS '
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening This Week.
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In Richard Mansfield's Favorite Play,
"DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE."
Founded on Robert Louis Stevenson's Story,
POPULAR PRICES 10c, 15c, 25c, 60c, 73c
• Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 23c.
Branch Ticket Office ' .Emporium.
Next Weeto-Joseph Haworth in "THE MER-
CHANT OF VENICE."
MATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY. Sept. 23.
- Parquet, any seat. 25c; balcony, 10c; children,
any part except reserved, 10c.
HIGH FLYERSJOAUDEVILLE !
The Svengalis, Press Eldridge, Parros
Brothers, Dorothy Morton, the
Misses Delmore and Company,
Mr. and Mrs. Earsy and Their
Giant Myriophone, Stella Lee,
Marsh and Sartella and the Bio-
graph.
¦*T-IVjj.LJ*
Evenings. at 8 sharp! Matinee Saturday at 2
sharp!
TO-NIGHT, Friday. Saturday,
NABUaCO.
SALASSA, BARBARESCHI, DADO, P^L-
LETTINI.
Thursday and Sunday Evenings and Saturday
Matine«.
CARMEN.
Great Cast With" COLLAMARINI.
NEXT WEEK-"CA"VALLERIA M and "PAG-
LIACCI." and Last of "CARMEN."
POPULAR PRICES 25c, 50c and 73e
Telephone Bush 9. - '
TO-NIGHT, Every Evening This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Elaborate Production of the Famous Play,
LITTLE LORD
FAUNTLEROY.
Magnificently Staged. A Powerful Cast.
SeeOLLIE COOPER as the LITTLE LORD.
SOUVENIR MATINEE NEXT SATURDiY.
flhtfCC Evenings 10c, 15c, 25e, S5c, 50c
IH1VE3 Matinees ." 10c, 15c. . 25c
Next Week— "KIDNAPPED."
fLvHMATR £?<>
SOUVENIR MATINEE TO-MORROW. ,
FLORENCE ROBERTS.
FAREWELL WEEK.
EXTRAORDINARY REVIVAL.
SAPHO.
• REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Week— Opening of New Stock Company
In "LIBERTY HALL."
. SEATS NOW. READY.
CHUTES ANDZOO B ££T
* BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL. .
TO*MORROW NIGHT— THE AMATEURS
and a LADIES' OBSTACLE RACE. ;
Saturday Night— International Cake-Walk.
Telephone for Beats— Park 2i "
Ft^flHFTr^ CONCERT HOUSE,
rlaUnmt O Admission 10c.
Lester R&eves. Pearl Clough and Arthur Rou-
sell: Robert Nome: Mae Tunlson; Lynton and
"Wild: the Bernards; Richards and Relyea and
our unrivaled orchestra. '
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
OPEN INIGHTTS
SUTRO BATHS. ;p
Open dally from 7 a. m. to Hip. -m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
; ADMISSION. IOC. CHILDREN, 5C.
Bathing, Including admission, 25c. Children,- 20c.
FIRST PIANO AND VOCAL RECITAL.
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL. Sept. 26th. 8:13.
Miss Annette Hullali, pupil of Leschetlzky, and
Mr. H. Barnhart, pupil of Corteal. Tickets on
sale (Sherman-Clay) 24th, 2Cth. 26th Sept.
MjffyjMKr INJECTION. - I
ij A PERMANENT CURE I
Ji of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
a? and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
c days ; no other treatment required. . s
5 Sold by all druggists. >
I HereTheyAre, Best on Earthfor $3.50 I !
H What every man wants and requires for Pingree's Gloria Sho*s for ladles are the R
H winter wear-a Ehoe that will shed water b^st value ever offered /or WJiO. They H
i and will keep the feet dry. Our shoes are a're^made^ the^st | ;
fcj made of the best box calf, -which has been stock obtainable and every pair is guar- El ¦
| thorough^ saturated with VISCOL OIL. "gf; -^Jffi £&&& £st looT I S
fc thereby making: it waterproof. The toes like $3 and $6 shoes. They fit perfectly R !
p.* are a neat Waukenphast, with tips. The and do not Blip at the heel nor burn the B
4B 60les are hand-welted and heavy, with ex- soles of the feet We carry them in every K ¦
S tension edges. All sizes from 5% to 12; ?, yl , e butt0^ or i? pat^ nt ' le ? the J- S
H „ i^.». i» .» ctj> Tk ,,..!„- JZ.i . * lcI kid or box calf. ¦ Turned or-hand- K
a width B to EE. The price only, per weUed go i eSl unitary. or low heels. Any B
0 pair 93.50 size or width SJS3.3O B
S R I/ATCrHIMfif/l PHILADELPHIA I
§ D. I\A 1 SHOE COMPANY, I .
| !O THIRD ST, f San Francisco. -^ I 'Martha 'Washington Circle.
Martha "Washington Circle of the Com
panions of the Forest of America enter
tained its members and many friends m
Union Square Hall last night with a pro
gramme of a vaudeville character and
dancing. The following were the num
bers presented: Overture; "Laughing
Song," Master Charles Hughes; piano
solo. Miss Moses; coon specialties, Elton
Lambert; cornet solo, .O. J. Lereher; spe
cialties, H. Auerbach; barytone solo, J.
Ball; comic duet. Hughes children: ballad,
Jack Harris; "Magnetic Waltz," Mrs. M.
Glaser, accompanied by Miss L. Garflnkle.
The several numbers were received with
many marks of approval.
The affair was under the direction of
the following named: S. Schweitzer,
chairman; Mrs. Kaskcll, . treasurer: CJ.
Mensor, secretary; Miss Kreuder. Mrs.
Goldstein, Mrs. J. Levy, M. Brady, A.
Levy, D. Jalumstein, Mrs. Lasky, Charles
LJcht and J. Ferrea.
Writ Against Chinese Bureau.
"Ward McAllister, - attorney for the Pa
cific Mall Steamship Company, is prepar
ing an application to United States Dis
trict Judge de .•Haven" for. a , writ "of'ha
beas corpus in the matter of. seventy-five
Chinese immigrants in transit for Mex
ico, -who have been held up by the Chi
nese Bureau. The allegation is made that
the action of the bureau is., illegal and
wholly arbitrary, and that the mere sus
picion of the inspector in charge that the
Immigrants, do not intend to remain In
Mexico does not justify their detention.
The Mayor issued a proclamation yes
terday calling for an election on Novem
ber 5.
The Election Commission met yester
day and denied the petition of the.- Social
ist Labor party for a place on the munici
pal ticket at the next election. The rea
son for this action was that out of 2779
names signed to the petition only 1342
were bona fide, the other 1437 not being
on the Great Register. It is necessary for
a political party to have 3 per cent of the
vote polled at the last election a3 signa
tures to a petition. This would require
1955 signers, and the Socialist Labor party
fell short of the requirements! by 613
names. The ticket of the party was
headed by Edwin K. Carpenter,- candidate
for Mayor.
The commission appointed 1000 election
officers to serve at the next election.
to the Petition.
Were Not Enough Signatures
Election Commission Rules There
A motion to allow O'Neill to take the
platform to make an explanation pre
vailed, and he denied that he had any
thing to conceal In . the whole course of
his life. Ryan of the teamsters responded,
but refused to withdraw his charges.
After many Inquiries as to the proper
mode of voting under the preferential or
proportional plan balloting for Supervisors
was begun. At midnight. the last ballots
had been cast and the judges proceeded
to count the votes.
The count of 271 votes was not completed
until 2 o'clock this "morning, Under this
plan fifteen votes were necessary to a
choice. The following named were de
clared the nominees:- ¦•
James Alrd, James A. Brlen, Charles A. Cal-
O'Neill Defends Himself.
We, your committee appointed to investigate
the eligibility of the candidates for nomina
tions aa Supervisors, beg to make the following
report: ; . ¦ ¦•' . ; ... .. - ; : . - ... ¦,
¦ W. J. Evatt Is. at present. a Republican As
semblyman, and states that If nominated and
elected will immediately reslsn his office as
Assemblyman, and- If required will do .so as
soon as . he receives the nomination- in this
party; further states that he will stand
squarely upon our platform and comply with
pleasure. with all requirements, etc. » -;
Edward I. Walsh was elected as a delegate
to the , Republican convention, but did not at
tend, . and his name was used without his
knowledge or consent, and * we find.' that he did
upon several occasions prior to the time he
was elected a delegate to the Republican con
vention state that he expected to get a nom
ination for Supervisor - on the Republican
ticket, but stated to-day to your committee
that he now stood for our platform and no
. As "to W., P.' Flynn, like many other union
men," at present- Is working because his union
was not called out on strike, and we cannot
say aa to the merits of the charges. .
. ¦ C. H. YOUNG, •¦¦¦'. • ¦
ALFRED. CRIDGE,
. . ¦ -• WILLIAM O. DELANET,
J. C. LANE. • •
After. the candidates for Supervisors
had been presented to the convention Del
egate Ryan of the Brotherhood of Team
sters objected to Joseph O',Neill of the
same union on the ground that he was
not eligible to the office, but declined to
state the reasons in public. . O'Neill from
the rear of the hall demanded that. Ryan
prove his charges, but after much whis
pering the matter was referred to the in
vestigating committee, which reported
that Ryan's charges were based on hear
say,- but made no recommendation. '
Investigating Committee Reports.
Secretary Lane of the Investigating
committee presented the following report,
which, after. much debate, was adopted
by sections: v
-:"W. P. Flynn of the Stablemen's Union,
against whom charges were made at the
previous meeting, requested the. reading
of that portion of the minutes relating to
him. Flynn demanded that-the partywho
made the accusation against him ¦ prove
his charges. Ryan of the Brotherhood of
Teamsters replied and said that the
charges made ¦' had been . reported to - the
brotherhood ..by five pickets,: and. insisted
that ; inyrin's name be withdrawn from the
ticket. Flynn claimed that his action was
sustained by his union and the executive
officers of the l^abor Council. On Flynn's
motion -that - portion of the minutes re
lating to his case was expunged after the
reading of that portion of the report of
the investigating committee relating to
the objections made.
The Union Labor party last night un
dertook the nomination of eighteen'Su
pervisors out of a list of thirty-three
names "submitted the previous night. The
"preferential" plan was used and ballot
ing commenced at a late hour. A piece of
scantling with a number of hooks corre
sponding to the number of candidates was
arranged'at. the back of the stage, while
the judges strung ballots on the hooks.
The; complications of the system were
thus brought forcibly, before the.conven
tion. . •. . : ¦. -
Preferential Plan of Voting
Proves Decidedly Cuin
•>;¦ bersonm
SOCIALIST L ABOB PARTY .
DENTED PI*ACE ON TICKET
In the Democratic camp yesterday word
was given out that Joseph S. Tobin would
receive the nomination for Mayor. The
Tobin boom -was caused by a statement
that Mayor Phelan had positively, refused
to enter the race for another term. Demo
cratic leaders were of the opinion that
Phelan's decision was final and that he
could not be induced to go on th« ticket.
In the Democratic Camp.
deem It advisable to hold another session
before Thursday evening and change the
report
There will be no lack of ar*>«£i.tion In
the proceedings of the conve'««on. Aspir
ants for recognition who do not appear to
be slated, have active and inlluential
friends in various delegations. Harry
Baehr, W. Z. Tiffany and Frank McGow
an, for example, have many earnest sup
porters, who will demand that their
favorites be placed on the ticket. Baehr s
following is thought to be formidable
enough to command recognition. Politi
cians seem to think that Arthur G. Fisk,
the Examiner's Republican candidate for
District Attorney, will be nominated, but
it is noted that Frank McGowan is gain
ing in favor. He is developing so much
strength for the District Attorneyship
that Fisk's supporters are beginning to
inquire if McGowan did not recently es
tablish a residence in Marin County In
order to make himself eligible for Con
gressional nomination in the First Dis
trict.
The convention will meet to-night at
Metropolitan Temple, when it is hoped to
complete the ticket.
houn, John yCoehlan, Thomas Finn, G. "W.
Getchel, Charles - Harcourt, Wash. Kugler,
J. A. Lynch. Joseph M. Lyon. J. M. Murphy,
George B. McClellan, . J. . T. McEntee, H. Me-
Kevitt, Thomas Regan, Rudolph Urbaia, Ed
J. Walsh, William J. "Wynn. '
Greene's lecture 'on Art.
Francis Melbourne Greene's second lec
ture on art in the free course at present
being given by the. University of Califor
nia took place last evening in the audi
torium of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation. The lecture was subdivided
into design, color and composition, and a
very careful, and interesting dissection of
the stereopticon illustrations was' made
under these heads. : The audience was
shown the development of art through
its various stages up to the modern im
pressionist school,- the good and bad fea
tures of which were shown. - The lecturer
gave valuable instruction in the way of
how to understand works of art, and also
showed how to criticize what he termed
"playing at art," or making natural ef
fects subservient to designs made to play
extravagantly on the emotions. The
decadence of modern art came in for a
share of mention, and incidental thereto
the mention of "the kind of" pictures
young ladles paint on round pl§ques"
brought out laughter. The lecture was
well attended. , .*¦...<-¦.
The Republican convention's committee
on order of business, H. G. W. Dinkelspiel
chairman, held a session at the chair
man's offices in the Claus Spreckels
building last evening. The committee
.agreed on a report, but a declination to
give to the press information respecting
the order of nomination was based. on the
assumption ; that the committee might
The Forty-first District delegation,
Colonel John C. Currier chairman, has re
solved to support C. A. Murdock for
Mayor.
Colonel George Stone, chairman of the
Republican State Central Committee and
commander of the California-Nevada de
partment of- the Grand Army, is home
again. He attended the national en
campment of the Grand Army at Cleve
land and was. selected as one of the com
rades to represent the encampment at the
funeral of President McKinley. Colonel
Stone is not a candidate or an aspirant
for the office < of Mayor, but his name
stands on the list of the available along
with the names of Charles R. Fatton,
•Judge Bahrs, G. S. Laumeister, Thomas
V. Cator.' Dr. Keeney, Reginald Webster,
Asa R. Wells, Henry J. Crocker, C. A.
Murdock and others. ¦ .
Colonel Stone Not a Candidate.
The impression is gained by general talk
with delegates that the contest for Mayor
is narrowed down to Charles A. Lau
meister arid Asa R. Wells, but the merits
of other, candidates may .be mentioned.
Tlie-fact that Wells was slated at a. re
cent conference held .. at Moso Gunst's
place of business has created much com
ment among the independents. At this
conference Max Goldberg, an ardent sup
porter of Wells, was authorized to speak
for Herrin and Burns. It is said that
many of the delegates who are opposed
to the programme and who object to out
side interference in the affairs of the con
vention have resolved to give their sup
port to Laumeister. There is talk of an
early caucus of independents to effect or
ganization for the purpose of breaking
the Goldberg 3late.
Republican local convention
I will meet again to-morrow night.
I Indications are that nominations
H for Mayor will be reached in
the regular order of business.
The decision of the committee on resolu
tions to exclude from the platform decla
rations in reference to the existing strike
will , gor far toward smoothing the way
for early adoption of the report. If the
committee reports are not amended and
discussed at unusual length the order of
nominations maybe reached by 10:30 p. m.
Labor Convention Near
ly Completes City
Independents of the Republican Convention
Threaten to Upset Programme for Mayor.
The Democrats Put Tobin on the Slate
NAMES ITS LIST
OF SUPERVISORS
LAUMEISTER AND WELLS
LEAD IN THE CONTEST
Mrs. Mary Powers has sued the city and
county of San Francisco for $299^ damages
alleged to have been done I to ' her , saloon
at Greenwich and Baker, streets by a mob
of disorderly persona ¦• on /¦ May 31;. . The
plaintiff filed a claim, which' was rejected
by the Supervisors, -hence the suit.- i-- ,
Sues the City and County.
You Are Invited To-Morrow
To the clothing assignee sale. There -will
be on sale 500 men's all-wool suits, made
of cheviots, tweeds and worsteds,' in sin
gle and double breasted cut, in the
very latest styles,, worth $18, to "be '. sold
for only $4.65, at 773 Market st, near
Fourth. P. C. Kelly, Assignee..- . . • .
Gus Kammerer, the' young man who had
Frank Cunningham, an expressman. Tar
rested on a charge of stealing his watch
after he had pawned , the watch himself,
appeared before Judge Conlan yesterday.
He was convicted of contempt of court,
but at the request of his father .-was al
lowed- to bo,- aa he had;- spent 'a' day- in
prison.
Convicted of Contempt.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
L*TE SHIPPING INTELLIGEN-CE
SClLLY-PaEsed Sent 54-Stmr Lahn from
New York, for Southampton and Bremen. •
BOULOGNE SUR M ER- ArrU e^Tep't U
ZZ te or^ed^ m NeW rOrk « tOr R o«"-
NEW YORK-Arrlved Se D t 24-Stmr Grosser
Kurfuret. from Bremen; sunr Cunc. from Liv
erpool; etmr Kron Prinz Wllhelm. from Brem
en. Southampton and Cherbourg
Sailed Sept 24-Stmr Kaiser' Wllhelm der
Givwe. for Bremen, via Cherbourg and bouth
anipton: stmr Cevic. for Liverpool
QCEKNSTOWX - Arrived Sept [ ~ t _ stmr
Oceanic, from New York, for LlverDOOl
rroVn^V^" 1 *** 24 - Sla>r '*«"*•
ion^r^rTIa^ U ~ Bt ™
£T JOHX— Arrived Sent 24— Stmr Corean.
S^ m J . G , Ia £f ow . ar - d ; Llverpo 7 j1 ' for Halifax and
Philadelphia; etmr LaurentUn. from New York
for Londonderry and Glasgow (for coal anl
proceeded*. '
MANILA— Arrived Sept 54— Stmr Strath*vl#
from Portland. Or, via. N'anaimo "«""Wie.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Sept 54— Stmr Werra.
from New York, for Naples and Genoa.
PLYMOUTH-Sailed Sept 24-Stmr Patricia,
from Hamburg, for New York. ««.»».
BROWHEAD- Passed Sept 24— Stmr Celtic
from Xew York, for Queenstown and Liver
pool.
ROTTERDAM-Arrlved Sent 24-Stmr Staten
flam. from New York, via Boulogne.
SYDNEY. NSW— Arrived Sent 24— Stmr So
noma, trom Auckland. Apia. Honolulu and San
AbwicUco. -".¦.:—*;-• - -
The ' Federal ( Grand Jury was in session
yesterday examining witnesses in the
case of E. W. - Smith, confidential clerk
of Major Blakeney, superintendent of the
United States Life-saving Service, Frank
J. Perry and William Hagan, charged
with having sold and imported bank notes
ofthe defunct State Bank of, New Bruns
wick, New Jersey. ¦ '_ _'¦'"' "
Note Passers Before Grand Jury.
The Raisin Growers' Association
"Will hold a meeting at Fresno September
28. For this occasion the Santa Fe will
make rate of one fare and one-third for
l he roui l5 trl P- On certificate plan. Trains
leave 7:20 a. m.. 4:30 p. m.. 8 p. ni. Cali
fornia limited 9 a. m. Thursday. Ticket
offlces C41 Market st. and ferry depot
The Supreme Court yesterday absolved
the San Joaquin and Kings River Canal
Company from all responsibility for the
injuries suffered by William Lowery dur
ing an overflow of the Stockton River
canal. The evidence adduced by the de
fendant corporation showed that all due
precautions had been taken.
Canal Company Wins Suit.
Resolved, That this, the regular meeting of
the Board of Police Commissioners of the city
and county of San Francisco, stand adjourned
without transaction of business out of respect
to our martyred President.
Whereas, The death of William McKlnley.
President of the United States, at the hands
of mi aesaRstn has plunged this, our country,
in deepest sorrow and mourning: and whereas,
it is fttttns and proper that we should rive
expression to our profound grief and sense of
bereavement. • .
The board granted 124 permits to carry
concealed - weapons, and also the usual
number of -saloon, restaurant and ped
dlers' licenses.
The following resolution, passed at the
last meeting of the board, was ordered to
be placed on the minutes:
Policeman Buckley was granted a thirty
day extension of his leave iot absence.
He is at Hot Springs, Ark., suffering from
various ills. Ten special policemen were
appointed. They are: R. K. Hoft, P. L.
Clouse, D. H. Sewell, F. A. Stone. H. Dlss
ler, John Ryan, L. S. Walter, F. Morris
and William Roster.
The resignation of Policeman ¦ E. L.
Knorp was read and accepted. Edward
W. Meredith, Frederick H. Flynn and
James Bruce were appointed to the force
from the head of the civil service list. .
Pedretti objected to the statements and
assaulted Patrizi when he met him In the
Italian quarter several days ago. The case
was aired in the Police Court, where Ped
retti was fined $20.
If the Italian editors of the city are not
soon fighting a duel it will be no fault of
the Police Commission. At last night's
meeting of the board Glovana Almagia
and Etteore Patrizi, editors of the 1/Ita
lia, were given permits to carry revolvers.
It appears that in their paper they at
tacked the editor, A. Pedretti, of La Voce
del Popolo, and declared tnat his paper
was anarchistic in its sentiments.
Board of Police Commissioners Give
Them Permits . to Carry Con
cealed Weapons.
John T. Lanckman, Charles F. Groat. Harry
Barnett, Robert A. Curtln, I John C. j Stelzner,
Andrew Joseph Rellly, Frederick Charles Nob
mann. Walter G. Logan. Charles Francis Skel-'
ly. Frank Tulte. George W. Blum. Harry Wal
ter Crowly, Norman Z. La Grange, Louis John
Becker, Charles E. Munn, Michael Whelton,
John S. "Barrett. Paul V. Hellman. Charles J.'
Ward, Andrew J. Caughran. Daniel J. Keohane.
Charles Francis Jenkins. John J. Cameron. Jo
seph Mlgnola," James J. Farrell, Samuel Hlg
rins.-John Francis - Walsh, - Frederick W.
French, John J. Clancy, Edmond J.- Casey. Jo
seph P.Maloney, John B. McCue, William ,J.
Hyland,'* William F. Kreuger. . Arthur A.
Sprlngett, Cormac McGorty. Thomas L. Mur
ray. .- : ¦' ¦ ¦ - ; ;-; v
The Civil Service Commission at the re
quest of the Police Commissioners yes
terday, submitted the names of thirty
seven eliglbles for the position of police
men. This exhausts the list of eliglbles
and a new examination will soon be or
dered. .The names of those certified fol
low: , ' v;t •¦
At Request of Police Commission
Civil Service Board Submits
. Remainder of List.
ITALIAN EDITORS ABM
AND ARE READY TO DUEL
NAMES OF EXIGIBLE
POLICEMEN" CERTIFIED
Jew Foo has filed a petition for habeas
corpus in the United States District Court
on behalf of Ah Nom, now In the County
Jail sen-ing a sentence for violating that
provision of the State game law pro
hibiting the possession of shrimps except
ui;der certain conditions. The petition al
leges that the State game law is uncon
stitutional.
State Game Law Contested.
The Civil Service Commission held an
examination yesterday for the position of
chief sanitary inspector in the Board of
Health. Five physicians took the exam
ination—Dr. Chalmers, the incumbent;
Drs. Hassler, Keenan, McQuesten and
Stable. The questions covered a wide
range of affairs connected with the super
vision of the sanitary conditions of tne
city.
Civil Service Examination.
Before rendering an opinion upon the
application of the Commercial Cable Com
pany the. department is examining the
laws to ascertain if there Is any special
legislation affecting Hawaii and. the Phil
ippines which will stop executive approval
of the application. • <:y : .;
.CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Sept. 24.— President
Roosevelt has ample power to grant the
application of the Commercial Cable Com
pany for permission to lay a cable which
shall connect California, Hawaii and" the
Philippines.
This will be the opinion which the of
ficials of the Department of Justice will
render upon the papers, of the Commercial
Cable Company now before them. These
papers were referred to the department
by the Secretary of " State. Many officials
to-day say that there are strong prece
dents for Presidential approval of the
Commercial Cable Company's application.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 24.— Secretaries
"Wilson and Gage, Attorney General Knox
and Postmaster General Smith were the
only members at to-day's Cabinet meeting.
The time was largely directed, upon the
request of President Roosevelt, to the ex
planation of the scope and character of
the work of the various departments.
Secretary Gage gave a- clear idea of the
present condition of the Treasury, i He ex
plained his reasons for purchasing bonds
for the sinking fund and quoted figures
to show that the saving to the Govern
ment by these purchases would be large.
Other members followed in • the same
general line. The status of the reciprocity
treaties pending before Congress was dis
cussed, the President plainly indicating
that he believed strongly in the reciproci
ty principle. It was decided that the ap
pointments made by the late President,
where no commissions were issued owing
to his illness and death, should date from
the time President Roosevelt signed the
commissions. . •
The entertainment and dance of the
Universal Sen-ice Society In Golden Gate
Hall last night was well attended. It
was a pleasant social function and was
greatly enjoyed by all. The programme
included vocal music, instrumental solos
and specialties contributed by Miss Cecil
Brooks. Miss Bertha Olsen.. H. L. Todd,
Otto Rysi Jr.. Miss Maud Pettee. "Sram
enzi" J. M. Brooks and Miss Mary Pet
tee.
Universal Service Society.
President Has Power to
Grant Important
Application.
President -Boosevplt . a
Believer in the Prin
ciple.
Special train excursion leaving San
Francisco 8 a. m., Saturday, October 5.
Daylight trip through scenery of Sierras,
arriving Lake Tahoe for dinner. Verv
low hotel rates. Tickets good for a week
on regular trains returning. Fishing,
hunting, boating at their best. Free lit
erature C13 Market street. Round trip.
Including lake journeys. $S 50.
Lake Tahoe for Eight Fifty.
RECIPROCITY
HAS HIS FAVOR
MAY APPROVE
CABLE PLANS
The second monthly entertainment and
dance of the Universal Service Society
was given In Golden Gate Hall last even
ing. Those who took part in the pro
gramme of exercises were the Hynes
Orchestra, Mia3 Cecil Brooks, Miss
Bertha Olsen, H. L. Todd. Otto Ryst Jr.,
the Mandolin Club, Miss Maud Pettee, J.
M. Brooks and Miss May Pettee.
Exercises Are leasing.
Southern Pacific personally conducted
special train leaving Saturday. October 5.
at 8 a. m., reaches the lake resorts at din
ner time. Magnificent Sierra scenery by
daylight. Tickets good eight days. Round
trip, lake and rail, $8.50. 613 Market street.
Sunset on Lake Tahoe
THE icy barriers of the north can
not check the far-spreading ten
drils cf Christianity. Dreary
Alaska is to send her representa
tive to the coming Episcopal con
vention in this city. The Right Rev. Peter
Trimble Rowe, missionary Bishop of this
northern Territory of Uncle Sam, will
take part in the deliberations of the gath
eT The Right Rev. Peter Trimble Rowe is
a Canadian by birth and by experience
well fitted for che especially arduous post.
The early years of his ministry were
spent along the shores of Lake Superior,
among the aborigines of that region. He
here became accustomed. to hardship and
exposure and familiar with the distinctive
characteristics of these people. •
Consecrated In St. George's Church.
New York, he at once set out for Alaska
and arrived just when the riches of that
Territory were beginning to attract that
pushing and stalwart element which is
now rapidly developing Itl Bishop Trimble
Rowe is a true pioneer Bishop and has just
completed a to:ir of his immense diocese.
When he reports .to the, convention In
October he can say that. there is not a
settlement' of whites. or Indians within its
boundaries from Port Hope to Sitka-that
he hn.s not ministered unto. His last trip
covered 1000 miles by dog team and ; 4D0
miles on Coot, with the thermometer,rang
ing from 63 to 80 degrees below zero.
Churches have been, built at all the large
s-ettlements and hospitals established i at
Nome. Circle City. SHka and Skagtray.
The Bishop Is a protege* of .. J. ?Plcrpont
Morgan. Bishop Rowe while in this city
will lecture on. Alaska and its future.-
Andrew Feeney, a laborer, 45 years old,
was found asphyxiated In bed yesterday
morning at 753 Harrison street. He went
to hia room at half past 11 o'clock last
night tinder the influence of liquor. The
window was down at the .top about four
inches and the gas key was turned on
fully. Feeney was a native of Ireland and
unmarried.
Andrew Feeney Asphyxiated.
To-day (Wednesday) we will start to close
out the " entire stock of shoes at 324
Kearny street. Shoes for ladies from 50c
a pair up; shoes for men from $1.00 a pair
up. Every pair will be sold without re
serve, as we are going to cult. Commenc
ing to-day ("Wednesday) at 9 a. m. at 32*
Kearny street, formerly Richard Pahl's. -
Owing to the Strike,
A suit which was filed yesterday in the
"United States Circuit Court to j recover
55000 on a life insurance policy* made pay
tb!e to the wife of Louis G. Weisshaar^
who was drowned last year in Golovin
Bay, near Nome, recalls one of the sad
dest fatalities which ever occurred in that
vicinity and incidentally develops a pecu
liar tangle arising from the transferring
of the policy from one company to an
other. ¦
Weisshaar was a prominent resident of
Mayfield until last year, when he went to
Nome to engage in mining. On Septem
ber 26, 1900. Weisshaar and twelve fellow
passengers who were being transported,
from the shore to the steamer Albion were
dumped into the mater by the overturn
ing of the boat. Only three or four of the
ill-fated gold-seekers escaped with their
lives. Attorney Harry M. Wright of this
city, who was one of the fortunate few to
get out of the Icy waters alive, is counsel
for Mrs. Weisshaar. The policy in ques
tion was originally issued by the Covenant
Mutual Life Insurance Company, which
became financially involved in 1900. The
Northwestern Life Assurance Company
of Illinois took up the insurance, and it
subsequently transferred the policy to the
Mutual Reserve Fund Life Insurance
Company, against which the suit is
brought.
- The company claims that during- th©
various transfers the original policy be
came weighted with a $2000 debt The
plaintiff alleges in her complaint that
when the proofs of her husband's death
were first presented the company offered
to settle the full amount of the policy,
less some six hundred dollars.
Terrible Alaska Tragedy Recalled by
. . '. ¦ Filing of Papers in the
- ; Circuit Court.
WIDOW BEINGS SUIT TO
RECOVER LIFE INSTTEAITTE
The second measure, to deed all the in
stitute property to the city in trust for
certain library privileges in the proposed
new building, was lost by a vote of 197
to 17. . :
Before this property can pass into the
hands of the city several steps must be
taken. If the price set by the experts is
satisfactory to the Supervisors an ordi
nance will be passed and the measure
placed before the people for ratification
in the November election. If the people
vote for It another special election will
be called for December for a bond "issue
to cover the purchase price. This would
be accepted by the institute some time
before March In order to save the *60W
taxes on the property.
The Mayor and several Supervisors were
in attendance, all of whom were eager for
the passage of the resolution. Tne Pa
vilion site is wanted by the present Board
of Supervisors and Mayor Phelan for a
location for the library.
Rcrolved. Tlmt the trustees of the Me
chanics' lnstituie be and they are hereby
directed and authorized to offer for sale and
sell the property -icnown as the Pavilion block
to the city as a tite for the public library for
f=uch sum ol money as may be determined and
adjudtvd to be the marketable value thereof
by at least three competent real estate ex
perts, to be by them selected and employed for
that purpose, the amount so determined to be
the value thereof, and the said offer of Bale to
be : subject to confirmation by the members
thereot at a si>eclal meeting called for that
purpose elcht days from date, said offer to be
accepted before March 1, 1M2.
The members of the Mechanics' Insti
tute turned out in force last night and
crowded the meeting room on the third
floor of the Post-street building to suf
focation. Two very important measures
were discussed, one the offering for sale
of the Pavilion site, the other the deeding
over to the city of all the institute prop
erties in trust. ¦ The former measure was
passed, the latter ignominiously defeated.
After much ppeechmaking President S.
C. Irving called for a vote on the follow
ing resolution, which was all but unani
mously passed:
Delegates from, the various German so
cieties In thi3 city met last evening at the
Arion Verein Hall, on Post street, for the
purpose of forming a federation of all the
organizations.
The following societies were represent
ed: German General Benevolent Society,
Deutsche California Verein, Badischer
Verein, Concordia, Gennanla Club, Teuto
nia, Verein der Schlesier, San Francisco
Turn Verein, Eureka Lodge No. 6 of the
Order of Hermann's Sons. Schleswig-
Holsteln Verein, Friend3chaft Sanser
bund and Schiller Stamm No. 27S of Red
Men.
The name of the new federation will be
the German-California Central Society.
Its object will be the promotion of a
benevolent, social and kindred spirit.
The officers elected at the meeting last
night were: Dr. F. Kuckein, president: A.
Blauert, vice president; "W. Zimmennann,
secretary, and M. A. Bertheau, treasurer.
By unanimous vote of all the delegates
present the following preamble and reso
lutions were passed:
Whereas, William McKinley. President of the
"United States, has fallen a victim to the per
nicious doctrines of anarchy; and
"Whereas It is the sincere desire of every good
citizen of this country to see the evil influences
of these doctrines destroyed by every lawful
means within the power of the people; there
fore, be it
Resolved. That we. as part of the American
people, representing a number or German-Amer
ican societies, and being assembled here for the
purpose of establishing a central organization
of the German-Americans of this State, to b»
connected with similar organizations in other
States of this Union, deeply mourn the loss of
our beloved and respected President. William.
McKlnley; further
Resolved. That we most earnestly advocate
the adoption and execution of measures calcu
lated and apt to drive anarchists and the
spirit of anarchy, -which Is subversive of civil
liberty, from this country; be it also
Resolved. That It shall be one of the fore
most aims of our central organization, by ad
vancing the cause of enlightenment and of
moral and intellectual education, as well as by
other means within its genera.l scope and plan,
to contribute Its full share toward the eradi
cation of anarchistic absurdities: and be it
lastly
Resolved. That these resolutions, unanimous
ly adopted, be spread upon the minutes of this
meeting.
Delegates Denounce Anarchy
and Advocate Laws to
Crush 16.
Real Estate Experts Will
Appraise the Value of
the Land.
Local Vereins and Soci
eties Organize Under*
One Head.
Trustees of Mechanics'
Institute Authorized
to Sell/
CITY MAY BUY
PAVILION SITE
GERMANS FORM
A FEDERATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, I WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1901.
Right Rev. Peter T. Rowe, Missionary Bishop
of Alaska, Will -Be an Interesting Figure
at the Coming Episcopal Convention
TRAVELS FROZEN LAND
IN CAUSE OF CHRIST
THE RIGHT REV. 'PETER TRIM
BLE ROWE. THE MISSIONARY
EISHOP OF ALASKA.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
- ¦ ¦ .'¦-¦¦••¦»
¦ *" i — ; ; ; : * a
¦ : i . " i B
B ; : : i : ; n
¦ \ _'__ — : ; : 1 ___ ; n
ffl , ; , ; ; ; ; . B
¦ . : : : : s — ¦
¦ ¦ : : _ : : ¦. ; q
B . : : ; ; ; : — : ; _ n
a ; j ; — — ; ; — : : ¦
¦ . . — ; : ; ; -^ : : . a
a • ; . • : : _ a
g * = - ' = = S
a ¦ , • • ¦ ¦
B ; : : . . : : _ : : B
B; . . — __^ _ . _ _ ; B
B - _ — , — . — : — ; _¦ : . — ; ___ — _: __ _ ; ; ; \ a
s — ' = " " - = ' === i
a ; : — : — _ , _ — , H
a. ¦. 1 . ; . : ___ ._ — : ; p
H : — : ___ „ c ; — : ; _ __ n
H : ; ; , , — : , ! D
a - ; : ;,^ . ; ; B
H : ; : : : ¦ — i ; B
§ = . = • . . ¦ - S
5 ', ' ; ¦ ; — : : : : : ¦ : : : : a
B- — ¦ — —. — ; ; ¦ ¦ * i = >• . B
5 ' " - ' • , a
B • . ..;.,. >••.¦•*;._ yir. ;¦•;.¦;¦¦; • :• ¦ ... . . • ¦ . ~. ¦ ¦ .. i a
m t | BHaflnflaT bbmbbh bbbBsSI VSbtVSBV ¦flp&Sf bb^BBSsI M^sSbbT bBsB tf*iv^3 wBiaygtiw """" r*q
¦ *¦ ¦¦• — • . •• ' ' ¦ ;"•;':• * ¦ - — 'B
¦ V- - - • .. .: '• :V; .•;¦.¦--¦¦ • ¦ . \ O
B,- . - — - — ' f h
¦¦¦'¦ ' ~"~ : — : - : ; —^ — : — . . — : : a
:5*y • . - ¦ ¦ ...... - ¦ . — L B
¦¦•* • --••¦¦ -- " ¦ - ----- ¦ ¦¦ -- - - -• ¦ ¦ . - ¦ 31
a : ; . ¦ ¦ — ~ ¦ . . . . — — - - . ¦ __ m
5 . - — - -- ' ....... ; •— i- ?
¦ V ¦¦¦¦¦•¦ - - - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -. . - — - - - .. : : : — B-
m ¦ •• - ¦ - ... —r ... -. - . -. . : : b
• B - ¦- ¦ ¦• ¦ ¦ ...... ¦ . . — • ; H
¦ ;¦ ¦¦¦ ....... ...¦-., — . . d
B . - . ¦¦¦¦ ¦..¦¦¦¦¦ . . . — . . : a
H .... - . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - - ¦ . . — : - .¦-...,. : : ___ ¦ a
£ - . . ¦ - ••¦.-. ¦.-¦-. — — : , a
a ¦ ¦ ¦• • - - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ • -¦— — ¦ • -¦ ¦ : a
m • . . -.v ¦ . — . ¦ - ¦ • ¦ - .,-..-... . • . ¦ : — : . . a
¦ .. . ¦ . ...v— . ¦ -. - ¦ .......,,..-. - . .. . . . . : — B
¦ ¦ ¦: - . -•— " ¦ ¦ - ..-¦-.¦¦¦¦ . - . . .— . r
¦ ' ' •.¦¦¦'¦¦-¦'.¦, - ¦ .* "~.-rr- ..'.,.. ' . ; — — T~ a
¦ . ... . , -. -~ ¦. ¦ - ¦ ¦ . ¦ - ¦ T". ..•<...... — : b
¦ j ......... . . ... . ., .,-.... . . % . . . ; ; ; . h
B ¦ ¦ ...-¦....¦.,-"•-. . -, . .-....-¦./..->:-¦•" — ""- — ~~ — ' ¦ — . . ¦ ~~ — ; ; ¦ B|
B ;• * ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦-.-¦ • ¦ • .-,-.. .. - . ..'¦¦...¦•• ¦ . ¦ - - ¦ B
Hi'-. - ¦-.-¦,•¦•-••¦¦ . ¦ . ¦ . ¦ ¦ -T" . , - - ; — — , . B
¦ -•¦¦ : - ----- •¦ ¦ ¦¦¦.¦ - ¦ - -¦ - - - ¦•-¦ - ¦ ¦ . . T— : • ; ' H
3 :' I "¦-'• •-•"¦• •- - '•¦'•¦"¦ ' ' '¦ ¦ V- •'-'¦¦' "¦¦-."¦'.'• •¦ ¦ ¦ — ~ '_ — ' ' C
;B-- :•: - - - ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦--¦ ¦•..-¦•- - ....... r ........ : ; ;_ n
¦m'i i --¦-.¦¦ - ¦ .¦.¦¦¦¦- ¦ .- - x ..-.-... - -.. -. : : ¦¦ : ; . to
••¦¦/ ;. ¦-. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ — ~ - - ¦¦.-¦¦¦... ......¦¦¦ . ,. .,- , , . -^ > i ,_ B
¦ -. I -.s •..--. ,•..¦¦-..- / - ,.,.-.-... ."*"""-. . „. , -¦.--.¦>....-¦ ¦.,,..,¦.¦....-. ....... . . . " — — ._ 0
¦¦I — • - : - — ' "" ';"'•'¦' -'•- " • •- - --^— - ; •¦ - — "- j I
BBBBBBBHBBBBIBIBBHIBBBBBHBBBBBBBBBBBBIBBBHBIIiaiHEIIliaiBIllllBIBaiiaailiaiBBiaaiUflSaaaSTREET. FAIR SCENES IN SO
, NOMA'S BEAUTIFUL. CITY OF
ROSES. •' ¦ '. . .-. X ¦ , ¦•-
but he was not hurt. The 2000 men and
women who witnessed the affair applaud
ed the captain and many threw coins into
the ring. ¦ - . '»•
The bulls were not tortured in any way.
It was an exhibition in which .the fight
ers showed their dexterity in avoiding the
rushes of the bulls. Captain Ramitos used
a wooden sword, with . which he showed
how the fatal thrust was given. *
WASHINGTON, Sept. 24.— President
Roosevelt took a two hours' outing late
this afternoon, driving out with Colonel
ganger, Assistant Secretary of War, at 4
o'clock. The PrcBldent returned alone
about 7 o'clock and on foot, the dust on
his shoes giving evidence of the fact that
he had walked over country roads. After I
dining a quiet evening was spent at theJ
White House in company, with Richard
Watson Gilder of New York and another
friend. . . . - .:. . .. »
President Does Some Walking.
jj "Southern Pacific special train leaves
San Francisco, December 18th, Lbs An
geles December' 19th; reaching Mexico^ in
time for the Holiday Celebrations. Round
trip, San Francisco, $80. Los Angeles
$70. Personally; conducted. Dining car'
Pullman sleepers. • Limit 60 days. Low
Bide trip, rates. Optional Itineraries
Make reservations 613 Market street, San
Francisco, 261 South Spring , street, Los
Angeles." • ,<
alleges,. Adolph did: not do. By reason
of their great friendship 'for Thomas and
his wife, and believing In; their honesty,
her brother violated ;hla trust and failed
to secure his sister. ... , ,
Christmas Holidays in. Mexico.
PORT COSTA. Sept. 24.— Governor Gage
came up from San Francisco this morn-
Ing at U o'clock and, in company with
Superior Judge Wells of Martinez, spent
the day visiting various warehouses and
interviewing citizens, Including a number
of strikers. The Governor made a per
sonal investigation, but failed to find any
evidence of violence having been resorted
to which would warrant calling out the
militia. He addressed a crowd of strikers
who had gathered and advised them to re
main peaceful citizens.
The Governor went to Sacramento this
evening.
Speaks to Strikers and Advises Main
taining' Peace.
GOVERNOR AT PORT COSTA.
Tale of Bobbery Discredited.
- LOS ANGELES, Sept. 24.— In spite of
the fact that Agent J. H. Lynden of Ho
bart Station, who reported a sensational
hold-up on Sunday night, bears the marks
of a severe beating at some one's hands,
the 'police here are disposed to discredit
hia story. - Chief of Police Elton saya
Lynden told a I similar -story of having
been held: up and robbed while working
at a . station in Arizona. The police will
make no effort i to discover . the robbers
unless specific 'complaint is made by Lyn
den.' '. -.•.;. .' ,- !>*;t' *¦'¦
VISALIA. Sept. 24.— At a mass meeting
of citizens in Exeter, six miles from Vlsa
lla, last night, Editor T. W. Baker of the
Penny Press was bitterly denounced'as a
socialist and anarchists The citizens of
Exeter were offended with Baker, .It is
said, because he printed nothing about
the assassination of President McKinley.
Exeter Editor Denounced.
: The Republican leaders continue to "de
clare they have not fastened upon a can
didate for Mayor and that every aspirant
will have a free chance" for the honor at
the hands of the convention. ••
SACRAMENTO, . Sept. 24.— The primary
which was', held here to-day resulted in
the election,, without opposition, of the
regular tickets of both the Republican
and Democratic parties. The Republican
delegates' chosen to-day were named by
ward caucuses last night, while the Dem
ocratic delegates were named by the City
Central Committee. of that party without
caucuses. . -^
It had been expected' that Mayor George
f C. Clark, who seeks re-election,' might put
an opposition ticket into the field, but hs
did not. do so. Instead, he is circulating
"a petition to be placed on the ticket as an
independent candidate for Mayor. - ¦
The. Republican convention will be held
otr Tuesday ne;ct.; The date of the Demo
cratic convention has not been set. Be
sides candidates for Mayor the conven
tions will nominate men for City Trustees
and City Attorney.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sylva said, to-day that the assault was
an effort on the part, of the poolmen of
Sausalito to "put him out of commis
sion" so that he would be unable to attend
the Trustees' meeting to-night. Some time
ego Sylva let It be known that at to
night's meeting he would, introduce an or
dinance declaring the poolrooms a. nuis
ance and abolishing them. This greatly In
censed his one-time friends, the gamblers,
while the "hill crowd" was correspond
ingly jubilant. •
At a meeting of. the Trustees to-night
Sylva Introduced an ordinance calling for
the abolition of the poolrooms. It. was
voted down. Both the poolroom and the
anti-poolroom men pinned their faith upon
Trustee Crompton. The "antis" claimed
him because they electejl him and the
poolroom men because they had interest
ed him in their way of • thinking. To
night Trustees Harms and Sylva voted
for the ordinance, while Trustee Thomas
voted against it. Trustees Nunes and
Crompton refused to vote and left* the
building. This defeated the ordinance.
Dr Crompton did not admit that he was
In favor of poolrooms, Ibut said that. as
the season lasted only a few weeks longer
he was willing to let the gamblers stay. •
Before the meeting" there were fears of
trouble. The assault* upon Sylva last
night put the officers on the alert. Sher
iff Taylor and his deputies were on hand,
however, and succeeded In keeping the
peace. Several times during the evening
tho ¦ poolroom followers made attempts
to get at Sylva, but were held back by the
Sheriff. After the meeting Sheriff Taylor
escorted Sylva to his home. ¦
- Sausalito s troubles even penetrate as
far as the Superior Coutt. To-day Miss
Florence Sylva, a sister of the Mayor,
filed suit against Town Trustee Jacques
Thomas and his wife, Elise, wherein she
asks ¦ to hava the court declare that phe
holds a $1000 mortgage on Thomas' Sausa
lito property. In her complaint she al
leges that she directed her brother,
Adolph Sylva, in May, 1900, to , give
Thomas and his- wife $1000 with '-"which
to pay a mortgage on their. Sausaltto
property held by the Swiss Bank of San
Francisco.. She directed her brother. ,to
have the Thomases execute another mort
gage to her for the amount. This, ehe
- SAU8ALJTO, Sept. 24. — Sausalito's
Mayor, Adolph Sylva, was attacked last
night by Clinton Mason,- an employe of
Poolseller Joseph Harvey. This afternoon
Sylva, after consulting District Attorney
Mclsaac, swore to two complaints before
Justice of' the Peace Rodden, charging
Mason' with battery and making threats
against his life. '
Special Dlsjjatch to The Call.
saults Adolph
Sylva.
Poolroom Employe As-
Unmarked by Any
Contest.
Sacramento's Primaries
REGULARS MEET
NO OPPOSITION
Fort Grant Soldiers Desert.
B1SBEE. A. T., Sept. 24.— About a dozen
soldiers deserted from the Fort Grant
garrison last Friday and escaped to the
south, presumably making for Mexice..
Five . of the number were captured here
to-day by a detachment of cavalry and
returned to Fort Grant. The others are
being closely pursued and probably will
be arrested before reaching the line,
which is closely guarded.
BUIX-FIGHTER IS GORED.
Madera Fiesta Visitors Witness an
Exciting Scene.
MADERA, Sept. 24.— Francisco Patinio,
assistant bull fighter, had a narrow es
cape from death in the amphitheater here
to-day while giving an exhibition in the
opening performance of Madera's fiesta.
The fifth bull was in the ring and Fran
cisco, emboldened by. the ease with which
he had" avoided the other four, went up
to the animal and shook a red capote In
his face. The enraged bull dashed at him
fiercely, and before the bull fighter could
get behind a protecting barrier tne beast
hooked him in the leg, knocking him to
the ground. The maddened bull struck at
the fallen man's head,' narrowly missing
It. He was' about to gore the Mexican,
when the chief bull fighter. Captain Ra
mitos, gave a splendid exhibition of dar-
Mount TamaJpais Military School* will' be
present. The first stock parade of the
fair will occur at 11 o'clock.
The case has resolved Itself down to an
action for an accounting, notwithstanding
there is a suit of this nature now pending
in Tuolumne County. The plaintiffs will
finish taking testimony to-morrow morn
ing.
P. Boland and plaintiffs Bannister,
Crooks and Jarboe were examined to-day.
Their testimony tended to show that at
the time of the sale by Grant he parted
with all interest in the quarry and that
all the affairs of the partnership were
settled at that time.
REDWOOD CITY. Sept. 24.— Further
testimony taken to-day before Judge
Buck in the case of Hearfield, Bannister.
Crooks and Jarboe vs. Poniatowskl and
Builock, this being an action to recover
(5000 alleged to Ke due for rent of the
Columbia marble quarry in Tuolumne
County. William Grant has intervened
in the action. a_nd the fight has narrowed
down to one between the plaintiffs and
the intervenor. The defendants admit the
indebtedness and are ready to pay the
mcr.ev, but desire to be protected in do
ing so. Grant claims that one-half the
sum is due to the old partnership of
Grant. . Hearfield & Bannister, alleging
that when he sold his one-half interest in
the marble quarry to Crooks and Jarboe
he still retained an Interest in the part
nership- as distinguished from the real es :
tate.
"William Grant's Claim to a One-Half
Interest in Sental Is Com
bated.
COI/IOIBIA QTJASBY
CASE BOBS UP AGAIN
ATTACKS MAYOR
OF SAUSALITO
most all parts of this county and
many from Marin were present. Presi
dent John P. Overton of the fair direc
tors mounted the stand at 8 o'clock, and,
after a brief preliminary address, intro
duced Mayor J..S. Sweet, who welcomed
the visitors to Santa Rosa. He was
greeted with cheer after cheer as he told
of the wonderful products of Sonoma and
Marin counties. He spoke at length of
the magnificent displays to be seen at this
fair, and after paying a high tribute to
the board of directors he closed by de
claring this district fair opened.
The exhibits were all in place to-night
and the teig canvas pavilion presented a
magnificent sight. The midway had many
visitors and the free shows in different
parts of the city were well patronized.
To-morrow will be Marin County day.
and a large inpouring of visitors Is ex
pected.. The Marin school children will
attend 'in a body, and the cadets from the
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 24.— An Im
mense crowd witnessed the formal
opening of the Fourth District
Fair to-night. Visitors from al-
LOS ANGELES, Sept 24.— A special
nseetlng of the members of the Jonathan
Club was held to-day for the purpose of
adopting suitable resolutions on the death
of President McKinley. The Jonathan is
one of the two. leading social organiza
tiens in Los Angeles. Among the resolu
tions occurs the following, which is
avowedly aimed at the Hearst papers:
We join with our fellow countrymen in the
firm resolve that under our flag law and order
will drive out anarchy. We record our great
horror and supreme detestation of the foul
crime and the murderous teachings that pollute
the eweet air of liberty.
We condemn and despise those utterances of
the puttie press that tend to subvert the right
order of social existence, that villlfy our choseti
representatives, thereby infusing a contemptu
ous disregard ' for the laws that safeguard the
iniilvidv.nl rights of each and are the bulwark
of the home, society and government. And
be it further !
Resolved. That this organization discontinue
:ts .subscriptions. If any. to any public journal
guilty of the aforesaid utterances.
The resolutions were adopted. without a
dissenting voice. %
Jonathan Club of L,os Angeles Casts
Out Anarchistic Press.
EEBTJKES THE HEARST PAPERS
MONTEREY. Sept. 24.— This community
Is somewhat exercised over two recent oc
currences in which gross disrespect was
shown to the memory of the late Presi
dent, and the feeling is so strong that
summary punishment probably.will.be vis
ited upon any one who commits a like
offense in the future. On the day of Pres
ident McKinley's burial a stranger whose
identity is not known walked up to a lo
cal barber, who was standing outside his
closed shop, and asked when the. shop
would be open, saying that he wanted to
be shaved. The barber told him the shop
would remain closed all day out of respect
to the late President, whereupon the man
exclaimed, "Oh, damn the late President!"
and walked off before any more could be
Eaid.
The second incident was the expulsion at
the point of a pistol of a man named
O'Connel, also a comparative stranger In
town, from a New Monterey saloon.
O'Connel made several remarks relative
to the late President " which were disre
spectful in the highest degree, and for
which the proprietor of the saloon called
him to account. Both O'Connel and the
man wishing a shave have disappeared,
and nothing is known here of their where
abouts.
Eabid Utterances of Two Strangeis
Arouse the Citizens of
Monterey.
SPEAK DISRESPECTFTJXLY
OF THE LATE PRESIDENT
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 24.-Former
United States Senator Pettigrew of South
Dakota arrived hers to-day on his way to
inspect a group of mines near Yuma, in
which he is interested with Senators
Jones and Dorsey.
"Throughout the country the press and
the rveople are demanding that anarchy
be killed off," said Pettigrew; "that men
professing; anarchistic belief be expelled
from the country, and that none of sim
ilar belief shall be admitted. Drastic
measures are demanded, but without ex
ception no feasible plan has been pro
posed. Who is to define, and how is it
possible to define, the extreme limit of
radical faith that may be in a man to en
able him to pass the examiners at Castle
Garden?
"In this as in other matters history
ought to teach us something. Drastic
measures have always failed of the pur
pose designed. Anarchism is the effect
following a certain cause. Remove the
promoting cause and anarchy will cease.
This can be effectively done by passing
such good laws as will enable the com
petitive system again to hold sway in this
country, instead of continuing in the pres
ent groove of capitalistic concentration.
"The competitive system," continued
Senator Pettigrew, earnestly, "has been
the very basis of our national life, but the
present trust system can only ultimate in
a wholesale socialism. The aggregations
of capitalistic power are becoming so
great that the people will liven to the sit
uation and determine to administer these
great industries for the common benefit."
Former Senator Pettigrew to the
Front in. Opposition to Dras-—
tic Measures.
WOULD DEAL XENTENTLY
WITH THE ANAHCHISTS
The anarchists arrested to-night were
taken to Spokane. They were glad to go
and will pose as martyrs. James F.
Morton, publisher of Discontent, was dis
satisfied because he was not arrested.
A warrant was issued for John Morang,
another contributor to Discontent, who
resides in Boston. Authority may Be
wired to arrest him there.
¦ Just what Issue of the paper was taken
by the Grand Jury as a basis for Its in
dictments Is not known. The colony has
openly advocated the doctrine of free
love and these utterances are believed
to be the ones chiefly objected to. It is
known that tho action is taken with the
primary object of breaking up the home
colony. Judge Hanford has been very
pronounced In his expressed opinions that
anarchists should be squelched every
where.
TACOMA, Sept. 24.— Three members of
the colony of anarchists at the "home"
in this county were arrested to-day by
Deputy Marshal Crosby and Postofflce
Inspector Wetland, on a charge of send
ing obscene literature through the mails.
Tne warrants were Issued by Federal
Judge Hanford In Spokane and were
.based on indictments found by the Fed
eral .Grand Jury In Spokane on Saturday.
The men arrested are James Adams, a
printer employed on the anarchist organ
called Discontent, and Charles Govan
and Jamea Larkens. contributors to Dis
content.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
In the meantime Captain Seeley, recog
nizing the accident as likely to lead to
an almost indefinite passage, cut the pas
sengers and crew down to two meals
a day and very light meals at that,
though the ship's stores were sufficient
for any reasonable length of time and
could have sustained all on > board for
thirty aays in a. pinch. A week had
elapsed after the accident before the seas
calmed sufficiently to permit of any at=
tempt to rig a temporary steering ap
paratus, the vessel during that time ly
ing in the trough of the heavy sea and
drifting before the gale. Two or three
days passed before the apparatus could
be made to answer the purpose because
of the wind and seas. During the whole
of her trip after the accident the Oregon
sighted only one other vessel, and that
bo far away that she did not see the
distress signals.
"We have had an eventful voyage,"
said one of the passengers. "It looked
at one time as though we would have a
pretty hard squeeze to get out of the
pickle we were in, with the bad break
down and heavy weather, but the Oregon
is certainly a fine sea boat, and we were
lucky all the way through, besides having
things excellently managed. Of course,
the short rations caused some distress
and a -little grumbling, but on the whole
everybody was with the captain In cut
ting down in case we were not picked up
for a long time. None cf us expected to
get in without help, as we all recognized
the difficulty of steering a gr«tft ship like
that without a rudder; and then some of
us felt pretty badly when we saw the
Empress leaving us to our fate.
"Most of the passengers behaved splen
didly, however, and in the darkest hours
of our eventful voyage put the best light
on the affair and 'jollied' as much as pos*
sible about our situation. We even had
a literary and musical entertainment in
the social hall while we were rolling help
lessly in the trough of big seas. As soon
as Captain Seeley got his jury rudder
fixed to suit him we came along all right,
and with every mile nearer home our ra
tions were increased until it seemed cer
tain we would get in, when we got back
to a good table and three meals a day,
with trimmings to fill up the still empty
corners of our anatomy."
The Oregon lost one passenger by death,
Dan O'Brien of Minnesota, who was
buried at cea.
Special Dispatch to The* Call.
SEATTLE. Sept 24.-The steamship
Oregon, eleven days overdue from Nome,
vritfc more than 500 passengers on board,
arrived here shortly before midnight,
having been towed up from Port Towns
end by the tngk Tyee and Tacoma. A
jury rudder, shipped during a lull In the
terrific North Pacific storm which car
ried away the steamer's rudder and iud
der post, trails behind the vessel and one
of her propeller blades is gone. She has
undergone a rough experience, the pas
sengers having been daring nearly the
entire voyage on short rations.
The Oregon left Nome at 5 p. m. on
the 6th, and on the morning or the 9th,
when 205 miles southeast of Unlmak Pass,
her rudder and rudder post were carried
away by heavy seas, leaving her helpless
in the terrific gale that prevailed. She
drifted beam . on before the gale until
the morning of the 11th, when she was
overhauled by the Empress of China,
bound for China, and' in a lull of the
storm was able to obtain a Quantity of
provisions.
Charge Members of Free Love
Sect With Misuse of ¦
the Mails.
Loses Her Rudder and for
Days Drifts Helplessly
Before Gale.
Federal OflBcers Trying
to Break Up Tacoma
Steamship Oregon Has
Thrilling Experience
.in a Storm.
RAID ON HOME
OF ANARCHISTS
SHORT RRTIONS
FOR PASSENGERS
Mayor Sweet Extends Hearty Welcome to Visitors, Eloquently
Exploits the 1 * Varied Resources of and^Marin^ Counties
and Formally Declares the Fourth* District Exposition Open
CITY OF ROSES OPENS ITS GATES
TO GUESTS OF STREET FAIR WEEK
SEES THE WILD
MANIAC OF SUR
A Monterey County
; Rancher Gives Chase
to the Hermit.
Remarkable Fleetness En
ables the Fugitive to
Make His Escape.
Special r Dispatch • to The Call.
MONTEREY, Sept. 24.— The maniac who
has.roamed the wilds of the Sur section
of this county for the' past two years,
striking terror to the hearts of the timid
among the women and children and elud
ing capture by Sheriffs' posses and ranch
ers alike, . has once more been seen, this
time by : Philip Dolan, a wealthy rancher
of the- Sur district.'. Dolan describes his
encounter .with the "wild man" as fol
lows: ¦ ¦
• "I was on my way to. the woods bick
of my house last "Wednesday, and, walk
ing through thick underbrush, had almost
reached a clearing, .when . my . attention
was attracted by strange sounds. I peered
through -the dense growth and saw on.
the 3 farther side of « the clearing a - . man
with' long, unkempt hair and beard and
his clothing in shreds. I crept cautiously
to -within. fifty yeards of him and had a
good view. of his features. He is a large
man, muscular .and fairly good-looking,
despite his ¦ unkempt" appearance.' "" As
soon as he caught sight of me his eyes
grew wild, like those • of a terrified animal,
and he started to run for the brush, I fol
lowing at the. top -of my. speed and shout
ing to him to stop and'that I would not
harm him. 'I do not know whether he un
derstood me or not. for he : paid " no/ atten
tion what I- said, but with
incredible speed into the underbrush."
; The- "wild; man," : as;h0v is- locally
known, has lived in* the wilds and sub
sisted, by petty pilfering ' Of- provisions
from the. adjacent ranch houses. -.He has
never, .been known to speak "to . a human
being.. He has been seen even as far north
"as the Carmel, but thus far his extraor
dinary fleetness . of foot has.: enabled him
to elude all "pursuit. - - >'-. ".. ¦:
: It Is believed that he is "either a hope
less lunatic or a fugitive from justice. '
Snow in Fresno County. ,
FjRESNO, Sept, 24.— Between three and
four inches of snow fell in the mountains
Jn the vicinity of Millwood early Monday
morning. The lumber mill was unable to
make a shipment and work was discon
tinued for several hours. The snow was
unexpected at this season.
Child Burned to Death.
LOS ANGELES, Sepf. 24.— Talmon Mc-
Liaugrhlin, a three-year-old child, was
burned to death to-day at the home of
Its parents during the temporary ab
sence of its mother. The little one's
clothing caught fire from the cook stove.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL V ;TVEDNESD
Rushing us to within a foot of the en
raged animal, Ramitos called "Toro!
toro!" at the. same time shaking 1 a red
caipote at the bulL The' animal ran at
him with lowered, head,- but he easily
avoided it. , Patihib's clothes., were torn,
ing, which In all probability saved Fran
cisco's life. / - ""-¦;
9
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
V . —OF THE- — '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. OF THE .
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the^ State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as, per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner. , - •/- ' , ;.,„
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital -Stock, paid up , J/ J llwnn .
m cash ............:.......... ;.-, $400.000 00
¦ v •' . ASSETS. '
Real Estate owned by Company..... J229.«66 67
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages...... .73o,100 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks „_„_„.
and Bonds owned by Company 3.680,075 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other «*"-..,.„.„
ketable securities as collateral 243.200 00
Caah in Company's Office.... ,,MHf? '}
Caah in Banks... .:.. •• 144.05161
Interest, due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans.. ....:......-....... 1.664 89
Interest due and accrued on Bond3
and Mortgages. ...... ...... ............ ' 12.34440
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
; t j on ,.- 289.093 73
Rents due and accrued.... 333 47
. Total Assets ....$5,837,222 43
! . LIABILITIES. * "
I Losses adjusted and unpaid $56,509 80
Losses in process of Adjustment or ~
in Suspense • . 13 2'!xx "¦
Looses resisted, including expenses.. 8,600 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,678,113 42; _
reinsurance 50 per cent .'....... 839,066 71
Grors premiums on Fire Risks run-
. nlr.g more than one year, $1,635,- „,„„„„
671 22; reinsurance pro rata...; 879,944 89
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance poll- .
clp£ '........•....• ...\i. .. .^f.t. ••••*••• 851,117 9j
All other liabilities. .'........ - 4.000 00
Total Liabilities :...... .......$2.775,033 56
• .¦ INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire; -"
premiums ;-- • $1,915,994 54
Received for Interest on Bonds and - , -
Mortgages ......;... ;:i ...... 29.204 62
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
¦ all other sources ....'. 174.357 23
Received for Rents...... ' 9.668 43
Received for Transfer Fees, etc. — 1,061 2S
-Total Income .........*2.133,286 09
EXPENDITURES. r,..- / . '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $ losses, of pre- • ¦ -
vious years) ••• - Jl.2al.0W 18
Dividends to Stockholders..... 1 10O.OCO 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or ' " ' " '
Brokerage ..: '• 44a. 125 C7
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... ; 93,598 00
Paid for State, National, and Local „
taxes .......•¦•-•.•«..>.••..•••••-•••¦•*¦*¦" 61.810 *•»
All other payments and expendl- - \
tures .'..¦ 101,844 94
>Total Expenditures .t3.063.4S9 13
: . ' ' Fire. "
Losses' incurred during the year..V...$l-,258,714 30
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net ' amount .pf Risks -. •. .¦ . "
- 1 ':? $232,425,855 $2,531,803 13
Net amount of Risks . ¦ • '• ¦.-.-,
lK!.7™fil 'J13.37O.O54 t£w£$
Net amount in force ¦ <¦• ••'
. - December 3V 1900..:.. 343,292.886 8.313.684 tl
- R.> DALE BENSON.: Prest. ' i
W. GARDNER CROWELL, Secy.
' Subscribed and sworn to before me." this 22(1
day. of January. 1901. , THOS. J. HUNT. . -
, Commissioner^ for California ¦ in Phila.
PACIFIC COASpEPARTMENT:
T.EDWARD POPF, Manager.
R.^W. OSBORN, /isst. Mgr.
508-510 CALIFORNIA'STREET. ': .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. OF THE-
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE O.T
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1900. and for the year ending en
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioners of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of t!ia
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner. ¦ •
v . CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up In
Cash . V .V. «0O.00O 00
, . ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company $160, 0CO 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 9,900 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Brads owned by Company, 279,137 73
Amount of Loans - secured by pledge -
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 4,400 00
Cash in Company's Office 1,137 J3
Cash in Banks 25.0S8 15
Interest due and accrued on Bonds "
and Mortgages 130 00
Premiums in due Course of Collection 56,40713
Bill Receivable,' not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1,120 S3
Due' from Perpetual ' Insurance on
building .: » .'. 743 60
Cash in bands, of Manager at San
Francisco : .- 6,935 37
Total Assets .$543,113*78
LIABILITIES. -¦-¦¦.=
Losses Adjusted and Unpaid 513. 378 73
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 17.533 27
Losses Resisted, including expenses... 4.C0C 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, J205.401 85; ,
reinsurance 50 per cent 102, "IX 93
Gross premiums on " Fire Risks run- :
ning more than one year, $202, 1S2 S3;
reinsurance pro-rata "... 103.39JI 27
Amount reclalmable by the Insured on
perpetual Fire Insurance policies.... 33,83312
All other liabilities 13,73 4 53
".Totri Liabilities -.. .$289.53.! 94
- INCOME.' ' ".
,Net cash actually received for Fire
- premiums $278,6Ql 51
Received for Interest on ¦ Bonds and f
Mortgages' ...4 4^3 00
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 18.563 50
Received for rents 2,724 91
Profit and loss 73
' Total Income $293,357 65
EXPENDITURES. " ~~ """"
Xet amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including 135,788 34, losses of pre-
vious years) $136,6i3 43
Dividends to Stockholders 13.0(0 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 56.2J.1 33
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other.
"charges for officers, clerks, etc 43, IS 43
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ...'.. .•:..................'. J.Cirr 09
All other payments and expenditures.. 27.7:13 63
t Total Expenditures tfHrioI
-'*vC-- ; '; -'l)^'-: -I'''-' -'' . ' Firij!
Losses incurred- during ! the year $1 S3. 3: 17 73
] Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Xet amount of - Risk3
% written duVlntr ¦ the '
•year. :.... *33.574,K5 $354,903 30
Net amount of Risks •-), .' .'
. expired during the
, .year 31,368.831 331.19S 80
¦Net' amount ~tn force
31, 1900... 39,714.874- 407.581 4S
; -• ~~ C. S. HOLLINSHEAD. Prest. ¦
> ¦ . ;E. R. DANNELS, Secy.
.Subscribed and sworn to before mo this 2<x
day of March. 1901. J. BURNS ALLEN..
Notary Public
. PACIFIC COASTDEPARTMENT:
T. EDWARD POPE, Manager. -
R. W. OSBORN, AsstI Mgr.
;; 508-510 CALIFORNIA STREET. •
It is now a settled fact that dandruff
Is caused by a germ. Falling hair and
baldness are the result of dandruff. Dr.
E. J. Beardsley of Champaign, 111., got
hold of the new hair preparation', New-
bro's Herpicide— the onjy one that kills
the dandruff germ. He says: "I use*l
Herpicide for my dandruff and .falllus
hair, and I am well satisfied with the re-
sult " Dr. J. T. Fugate of.Urbana, 111.,
says: "I have used Herpicide lor dan-
druff with excellent results. I shall pre-
scribe it in my practice." Herpicide kills
the dandruff germ. Physicians as well as
tho general public say so.
Sapa the Hair's Vitality.
Dandruff Is Caused by a Germ That
SCIENCE SETTLES IT.
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
RHEUMATISM,
•There Is -a great deal" more suffering
from rheumatism than there need be.
Because skilled physicians are unable
to cure rheumatic and be-
cause some medicines advertfsed for
rheumatism, are ineffective, some peo-
ple think rheumatism is incurable.
-This is not so. - -
Rheumatism can be cured, but you
must take the right medicine— a medi-
cine made to cure rheumatism by re-
moving pain and the cause of rheu-
matism. There 'is only one medicine
that effectively does this. It is Hal-
pruner's Rheumatism Cure. It is a
cure for rheumatism that acts quickly
and .lasts permanently.
It is a rheumatism cure that can . be
depended upon to do its work well.
Halpruner's Rheumatism Cure is
composed of oils, tinctures, etc. You
can take it internally and externally.
In fact, it is good to take both ways.
Rub it on to rub out the pain and take
it internally to stop the cause. It is a
medicine that will give you instant re-
.Hef'and a permanent cure. Don't con-
tinue to suffer, but send to your near-
est druggist for a bottle of this won-
derful •medicine. Don't let your drug-
gist give you anything else .either, for
there, is nothing that will do you so
much good, in such a short time as
/felpruner's
"Having suffered terribly -with muscular and
Inflammatory rheumatism for about eleven
years, and last January I had It 3 so bad I- -
could hardly walk. But -through . the advice
of my uncle I sent to Dr. Halpruner for some,
of his "Wonderful Rheumatism Medicine. He
sent me two one-dollar bottles, which I hava •
taken Internally, as per directions. My rheu-
matism has all disappeared and I feel thor-
oughly cured. My advice to any person who "
may be suffering, with rheumatism la to pur-
chase Dr. . .Hal miner's Wonderful Medicine
from their druggist and use It strictly accord-'
ing to directions. ' and it will positively cure
them. Yours respectfully,
"MISS EVA JACKSON." •
Warquam, Or. \ . ,
' If your druggist does not keep Hal-
pruner's Rheumatism Cure send to
Halpruner's Medical Mfg. Co., 28 Cali-
fornia St.. telephone Bush 46.3, and your
order will be delivered* ,
R-S3hR <9*wfe. w i>»'u
gm CH!CHC«TE«'8 ENGLISH
Pe^swrgyai pills
¦ --(ST 1^ ori « 1 »«* •¦* O«rty «e»BlM«b i
W-C/y^SflArE, A1w»t. reliable. Ladle*, uk Vngf.tt
P r "v 9 »£v5^ la KEO an-1 Gold m?t»iUo boxea. waled
¦m *** *VJ »ntirerona SuWJtutlon* mad Imit».
I / • ffj tlon». Buj of joor Drogzist. or 'end 4c. in
*•' - Jf itamp* tor - Partlenlars, Tratlraonlala
V Tf» . tp and •• Re\Ut far La4tem"«n Utter, by re.
_A. v If tnrnMiil. l»,O»«T..tlmoniil.. Sollii. .
. — "** anDr»ggi»u. Chlehester Chemical Co-
lUntloa till p»per. Ma<ll»or Sq*»rc, ruiiX. f2
• ; j — ; ~ ; *.
DT>TTCXI17Q FOR BARBERS. BAK<
IjfYlJ O JiiiJJers, bootblacks, bath-
*^*"*** "¦**¦*¦ houses. bUliard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, i cand_y-makers. canners.
dyers, flounnills. foundries. laundries, paper*
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories*
¦tablemen. . tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
; . BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
POSTTTM CEKF.AT".
LIKE OPIUM EATERS.
Coffee Drinkers Become Slaves.
"The experience, suffering and slavery
of some coffee drinkers would be almost
as Interesting as the famous 'Confessions
of an Opium Eater,' " says a Boston man,
W. J. Tuson, 121 W. Newton St. "For
fwenty years I used coffee at the break-
fast table, and. incidentally, through the
day I craved it as a whisky drinker longs
for his morning bracer. I knew perfectly
well thct it was slowly killing me, but I
could not relinquish it.
*'The effect on the nervous system was
finally alarming and my general health
greatly Impaired. I had dyspepsia, seri-
ous heart difficulty and insomnia. When
I would lie down I would almost suffocate.
My doctor assured me It was due to the
action of caffeine (which is the active
principle of coffee) on the heart.
""I persisted In Its use, however, and !
suffered along Just as drunkards do. One
day "Rhen I was feeling unusually de-
pressed a friend whom I met looked me
over and said: TCow, look here, old man,
I believe I know exactly what's the mat-
ter with you. Tou are a coffee fiend and
it's killing you. I want to tell you my
experience. I drank coffee and it ruined
my nerves, affected my heart and made
me a sallow, bilious old man, but through
a friend who had been similarly afflicted
I found a blessed relief and want to tell
you about It. Try Postum Food Coffee, a
grateful, delicious beverage, 'full of nour-
ishment, that will satisfy your taste for
coffee and feed your nervous system back
into health, rather than tear it down as
coffee hag been doing.'
"I took my friend's advice, and within
a week from that time my digestion
seemed perfect, I slept a irweet, refresh-
ing sleep all night, and my heart quit its
Quivering and Jumping. I have been
Vteadily gaining in ¦ health and vitality
right along."
'.--_;¦- iLDVEBTISEMENTS - . -: '•:••'¦
¦ .White Enameled Iron Bed, $2.00
' • - ¦ > -
Call and see our Special
v Comforter this week; . .$1.15
\ Get an|estimate from 11s ,on
cverythiftj? required to furnish'
your . entire- establishment.
'.Credit and free delivery "within '"
. ioo miles. We- close -at six,
' except on" Saturday. ¦ . y
T. Brilliant
FURNITURE; CO.,
. 338-342 POST STREET,
' . > Opposite Union Square.
ijC^N DISORDERS
XriV^^Tr^ 1 RY FAR THE GREAT-
fr- 1\ \L7 II %>' ** tT number' of patients
\\ 1,11 \ JTft//' y/- seeking •.'- relief -for so-
tt i Ail.// - JJ.' called- ¦< J weakness . , ' are
. . : '.. •: - " '•-.. - v .¦'- r Btrong-, "'.-. robust ¦ men ¦ .. in
every other respect.- Loss of "Vitality, Premature- 1
ness, etc., are not weaknesses.. but the symptoms
of inflammatory processes Jn the Prostate Gland
(so-called t neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often - repeated and too long
continued excitement. , Under our local: plan of
treatment, ' directed toward - reducing • the \ en-
larged, and swollen -j Prostate. Immediate re-
sults,, as Indicated by Increased- circulation and
renewed ' strength, • are observed. « Ouc colored
chart of the organs. : which ¦* we send free-on.
application," Is Interesting to any. one wishing
to study the anatomy of the male." v > f -
DR. lALCOfT & CO., 997 Market St.Articles— , Open. Hi^h. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— . • , -
September 68?i' ' CS% '. 6SH 68%
December ¦ 70 vi • 71 70-% • -^OS
May t: 7<Vi 74%' 7Z% 74
Corn No. 2— . . .
September ".....'.... 68% DS% . C7% E7?i
December 59% fi9% . 08% C9 ¦
May 61 , (1 . C0%' C0%
Oats Xo. 2— ' .
September 35%. 35% . 34"i 35
Dscember ..:....... . 36% 3G% 36% .36%
May ...........r:... 38% ¦ 3S»i ' 38%,' 38%
• Mess Pork, per bbl — . . :¦¦ ¦•.-• . 1
October 14 D3 1S'C7% 14 95 15 02%
January ....... .16 25 \16 35 , 16 25 ' 16 27M.
May. ................16 35 16 40 16 3a- 16 37%
1 Lard,- aer 100 lbs— . »>-,. . .^ >v ¦ :. : ;- .-;.¦¦.'.
September .../.....¦...'„•;. •..., '....- 10 00
.TOPEKA, .Kan., Sept. 24.-Kansas corn,
kafflr corn and late fruits have been Injured
considerably by frosts within the past week.
In the central portion of the State the damage
was. the moet severe. • •¦ , • , ¦ r ¦ . ..
Th» leading futures ranged as follows:' '
Provisions were quiet and lower, at the open-
Ing, with lower prices lor hogs. Holders were
disposed, to take profits and prices eased -off
early, but recovered slightly toward the close
January pork and ¦ ribs closed 2%c lower and
lurd unchanged. : - , .. •
' Oats had' a dull market. , December closed
weak, %8Uc down at 2S%c, having touched
36%c. . • • ¦'. . . ¦ ,
Corn opened rather firm on a small Liverpool
advance. A freer country movement -and
Blower. cash business caused a slump, December
closinc eas>y;and %c lower at 5S%ft59e. I
CHICAGO, Sept. 24.— Wheat lacked any sup
porting Influence from corn and on reports of
heavy receipts, especially In the Northwest and
on BradBireot's reports of a heavily increased
world's visible supply, the, market ruled easy
l>ccembcr opened a shade higher to a shade
lower af 70%<#70»;c. On covering December
sold to 70%®71c, but liquidation soon brought
the price down to 70%c. The market steadied
on covering, but closed : easy, December. %®
l / t c lower at.70%c. • ¦. . •, ' »
Chicago Grain Market.
GRAIN BAGS-Calcutta Grain Bats. 7%@
7%c; local make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c; Fruit
Bags, 5%@6%c for cotton and 7i&T%c for Jute.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners quote as fellows. In 2%-lb tins:- Ap
ples, 41 15@1 55; Apricots, $l<ftl 60; Cherries,
black, n C0@2; do. white, $1 50® 2; do. Royal
Anne, »1 60<22 15; Peaches, yellow. « 20@l 65;
do, Lemon Clinff.Sl 30<S>l 75; Bartlett Pears,
$125@175; Plums, 90c@$l 25; Nectarines, $l£j)
1 60; Muscat Grapes, 95c@$l 35; Quinces. $1 io<&
1 55; Strawberries, $1 30@l 75; Raspberries, $1 53
4)2: Blackberries, . $1 30@l 60.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 SO; Wallwnd, $3; Co-operative Walls
end, $9: Cumberland. $12 50 In bulk and $13 75
fn sacks: Pennsylvania -Anthracite Ekk. tl4;
Cannel. $10 per ton; Coke. *15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$S 45 ver 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
brand. '.
CORDAGE— Sisal descriptions are higher.
The local cordage company quotes as follows-
Pure Manila. 13c per lb; Sisal size, io-?;c: BaU
Hope, 1014c; Duplex, 9%c. Terms, 60 days, or
1% per cent cash discount. Lots of 10,000 lbs,
lc less.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundle*!, per lb. 4%c:
cases, regular, 5c: cases, extra large, KUc;
cases. Eastern style, 6c: Boneless, 6c; "Nor
way," 6V4c; "Narrow Gauge." «%c; "Silver
King," 7c; Blocks, 6 1 ,i@7c; TaMets. 7%c: Mid
dles. "Golden State," 7c: Middles, "White
Seal," lie; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless, 9c: 2-lb
boxes,' Fancy Boneless, 7%©8c; Desiccated, per
dozen, 75c; Pickled Cod, barrels, each, $7;
Pickled Cod, half-barrels, cuc'i. $4.
COFFEE— Costa Rica. 130U%c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 10%ig ; ll%c for prime
washed; 9%lg)10c for good .washed ; 9%®ll%c for
good to prime washed peaberry; S%@9%c for
fair to prime peaberry; 8%@:.0c , for good to
prime; 7®8c for fair; SHCfiHc for common to
ordinary.
Salvador— 11®12%c for strictly prime washed;
8H@l°%c for good to prime washed; 7%®8Hc
for fair washed: 10@llc- for good to prime
washed, peaberry; 7%@8Vic for good to prime
semi-washed; 7%@8c for superior unwashed; 7%
@7%c for good green unwashed;. 8%$29e for good
to superior unwashed peaberry; 5U@6%c for
common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— 11013c for prime to fancy washed
8!9>10c for fair to strictly good washed; 7@7% c
for good to superior unwashed; 8V4@S%c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 10Vj@13c for ' prims
to fancy washed ; ¦ 9®10c for strictly good
washed : S%@9c for I good washed ; 7%(B8%c for
fair unwashed: 6%®7Wc for medium; 5@6%c for
Inferior to ordinary; 9@llc for good to prime
washed peaberry: 8®9c for ;irood to prime
unwashed peaberry; 7V«@7%c for good to su
perior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 28S32c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26<f30c: Sole L-ather light
2JS)2Sc;- Rough Leather, heavy,. 27«28c: Rough
Leather, light. 23{226c: Harness Leather, heavy.
General Merchandise.
Flno creamery Butter is taking care of It
self all right, i but the medium and j lower
grades are meeting wjthv active competition
from cold storage goods,^ on which consumers
are now larsely running. ¦ hence ' the . market
for these grades Is dull and weak. Prices stand
the same. ¦ .-•
Cheese, Is steady at previous prices, and
there is no lack of stock.
Eggs, like Butter, are being taken out of
cold storage in large quantities, to the detri
ment of l'resh goods, which are slow in con
sequence, though prices show no'change. This
Is a- golden opportunity for holders of storage
stock, and they. are making the best of it..
Receipts' were 19.600 pounds of . Butter. '5000
pounds Eastern . Butter, 407, cases of Kggs, 120S
cases • Eastern Eggs, 2700 pounds . of California
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry continues dull, and some stock Is be
ing carried over. Prices are weak, but ihow
little chance. . ¦
Game Is largely nominal, owing to the restric
tions Imposed upon handlers by the new law.
Receipts are meager.'
POULTRY-Liye Turkeys, 9010c for Gobblers
and 12613c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 15@l7c;
Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings. $1 50<S-l 75;
Ducks, $3^3 50 for old and $3 Soft 5 for young;
Hens, $3 60@5; young Roosters, $4@5; old 'Roos
ters, , $3 50@< : Fryers, $3@3 60; Broilers, $3©3 30
for large and $2 25@2 75 for small; Pigeons, $1 25
® 1 CO per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, ¦ $1@>1 25;
Rabbits, $1 25(3)1 50 for Cottontail and $1 25 - for
Brush; English Snipe, — ¦; Jack Snip*, per
dozen. - >. : . '••¦'."
Poultry and Game.
Potato dealers yesterday reported signs of a
renewal of the Western and Southwestern de
mand,' and said that If -prices do not advance
again this .market will receive a good many
shipping orders. Receipts are not as large as
they were and the feeling is steady. > - .
Onions stand about the same, and Vegetables
are in their usual liberal supply.
POTATOES— 95c@$l 15 in sacks for Burbanks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 25@1 50;
Sweets, 50@75c for Rivers and $1 for Merced.
• ONIONS— 90c@$l 10 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60
<3"Sc per ctl. . .
VEGETABLES— Green . Peas, l@2c; String
Beans, 1%<S 3c: Llmas, 2%@3%c; Cabbage, 40®
60c per ctl; Tomatoes from the. river, 2O@30c;
from Alameda, 20@40c; Dried Peppers, 10@12%c;
Green Okra, 25© .10c per box; Carrots. 25@35c per
sack; Cucumbers, 20@35c; Pickles,- l"4@l%c per
lb for small and %@lc for large; Garlic, 2@3c;
Green Peppers, 20@40c per box for Chile and 25@
40c for Bell; Egg Plant, 25@40o per box; Green
Corn, BOcffSoc per sack; Alameda, 75c@$l 25 per
crate; Berkeley, C0@75c; Summer .Squash, large
boxes, 20@35c; new Marrowfat Squash, \a(Q 10
per ton; Hubbard Squash, $10. :
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
' LONDON, ? Sept. 24. — Consols, SZ'A; . silver,
26 15-16d;. French' rentes. lOOf 80c; 'cargoes on
passage. - quiet ' and . steady; Walla -Walla, : 2Sa
6d:- English country markets, quiet. ' .
LIVERPOOL, Sept. • 24.— WHEAT-Steady:
Foreign Markets:
WASHINGTON.; Sept. 24.— The Weather Bu
reau's weekly summary of crop conditions
says: On. the Pacinc Coast the weather "condi
tions .were' favorable except In ' Northern and
portions • of "Central California, .. where "rains
probably caused extensive damage to grain,
hay; and grapes. Late.com has been damaged
to some extent by heavy frosts In North : Da
kota ¦ and portions of . Nebraska. Kansas an'l
Missouri . and .Iowa, the percentage I of damage
In the last named State being very. small, z :•
Government Crop Report:
LONDQN. Sept. 2(— Tho offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered .15,504 bales.
Competition was keen for desirable grades,
which sold at extreme rates. Prices were
Btrong for the Continent. Scoured merinos were
very firm. ¦
London Wool Sales,
Territory basis— Montana,. firm, 14®18c; scour
ed. 44(3>46c; fine medium. 14@16c; scoured. 42£2
43c;' staple, 16©17c; scoured. 46«T4Sc.
Utah, Wyoming and Idaho— Fine. 13%@15c;
scoured. 44045c; flne medium, 13@>16c; scoured,
403>43c ;' staple, 16{?17c; scoured, 46@47c.
BOSTON, Mass.*. Sept. 24.— Tho assassination
of President McKlnley and the consequent na
tional mourning brought matters to practically
a standstill In. the wool market. here. .
Territory wools hold firm In price and tales
aro on the former basis of prices. - , ,
Boston Wool Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 24.— Cotton futures open
ed steady. 3 points lower to 2 points higher.
In the' afternoon the course of the market
was quiet and steadily downward with Janu
ary leading. The close was at about top fig
ures with the tone steady.
New. York Cotton Market.
• NEW YORK, Sept. 24.-The feature In the
metal -market to-day was the sudden and un
expected drop in. copper at- London, . £2 17s 6d
@£63 for spot and £63 7s 6d for futures, the
lowest level reached since 1899. A fair business
was executed, the sales amounting to 800 tons
6pot and 200 tons futures. Private advices
state that the weakness was due to very heavy
stocks in ' this country and the slackness' of
demand. -.Here the market was , lifeless, and
nominally unchanged. ¦ .
Tin was dull and easy at $28@23 10, while In
London the market eased off 15s under liqui
dation and closed at £113 2s 6d for spot and
£111 10s for futures.
. Lead, $4 37% and in London .£12 Is 3d for
spot; •
Spelter— Unchanged both here and abroad.
Domestic Iron markets were featureless at
old prices. . .
New York Metal Market.
PORK— Live hogs. 200 lbs ind under, 6®6%c:
over 200 lbs. 6%®5T»c; feeders. : sows. 20
per cent off; boars, DO per cent oft and stags 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7%®9> / ic.
LAMB— 7@8c per lb.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
¦BEEF— 6®6%c for Steers and; 5@5%c per lb
for Cows. .. .- s
VEAI-r-Large. 7%©S%c; «mai:. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%©7c; Ewes, 6@6%c per
pound. . • /
Local packers report all the Hogs they want
and are disposed to reduce their bids. There
Is no change worthy of note In Beef, Mutton
and Lamb, all being in good supply. Veal Is a
shade firmer.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Out-of-town orders came In slow and chiefly
for small lots. The market, nevertheless, held
pretty firm, owing to an absence of sellers at
fully sustained prices. California dried fruits
ruled about steady at old prices.* ,...'¦
DRIED FRUITS.
EGGS— Receipts, HJOO packages; . quieter.
Western candled, 20%@21c; Western uncandled,
17@20c.
BUTTER— Receipts, ,9470 'packages; 'firm.
State dairy, 14(S20%c; creamery, 15@22c; June
creamery, 20@21%c; June factory, 14%ig;i6%c.
COFFEE— Futures closed net 6@10 1 points
higher; Eteady. Total sales, 34,750 bags, in
cluding: September, 4.95@5c; October, 4.95@5c;
November, 5c; December 5.15c; January, 5.25c;
March, 5.4.'@5.50c; July, 5.80c. Spot coffee— Rio,
quiet. Mild, market quiet. . - ¦ • ..
WHEAT — Receipts, 55,300 bushels; exports,
137,000, bushels. Spot, dull. No. 2 red, 76c f.
0. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 75 1 /4c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 76%o f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 8I0 f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened steady, but at once developed weakness
under heavy Northwestern receipts, Irregular
cables, large Increase In world's visible stocks
and disappointing exports. Closed* easy. May,
79%<3'79%c 4 closed 79%c; September, 74%@74%c,
closed 74%c; October, 73%!g^4c, closed 74c; De
cember, 76i@76%c, closed 76|4c.
HOPS— Quiet. I
HIDES-Steady.
WOOL-Steady.
SUGAR— Raw market,' quiet and - barely
steady. Refined, steady. ¦ .
NEW YORK, Sept. 21-FLOUR-Recelpts.
16,800 barrels; exports, 10,100 barrels. Fairly
steady. ' '. . - ;
New York Grain and Produce.
Large Wlilte Beans are lower under heavy re
ceipts, and the other descriptions are hovering
on .the verge. of a decline. Some. are already
shading off under | new crop arrivals. The
whole market has a soft appearance."
BEANS— Bayos,'$2 65@2 75; Small White, $4 85
@5; Large White, $2 75; Pea, $4 90@5; Pink,
$2 25@2 50; Red, $3@3 25; Blajkeye, $3 40@3 50;
Llmas, nominal ; • Red Kidney", $3 50@4 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $3 15; Yellow Mus
tard, $3 15@3 25; Flax. $2 25@2 50; Canary. 3%@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, l%@
2 l ,4c; Hemp;- 3%c per lb. .
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 65 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 24.— To-day's, state
ment of the Treasury balance shows:
Available cash balance, $186,190,721; gold,
$104,002.96#T '
Condition of the Treasury.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4,800; steady ' to strong;
closed 10@15c lower; Top Idaho wethers, $3 35;
Top Idaho lambs, $4 50. - ,. '
HOGS— Receipts, 6500; market 5c lower, but
closed active and strong. Pigs, stronger,: $5®
6 50; light and light mixed, $6 80-57 05; medium
and heavy. $6 S0@7 10; bulk, $6 90@7 00.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.rSept 24.— Cattle-Receipts,
3100; steady to strong on best; Texans, steady;
natives,. $3@4; Texans and Western, $2 75@5 25;
cows and heifers, $1 25@2; bulls and stags, $2 25
@4 85; stockers and feeders, $2@4; yearlings and
calves, $2 25@3 75; veals, $2 75@5 75.
ST. JOSEPH.
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000. Market . steady to
10(&15c lower. Good to choice wethers, $3 60@
3 90; fair to choice mixed, $3 30®3 60; Western
sheep, $3 25@"4 75; native lambs, $3@5; Western
lambs. $3 75@4 75. .
HOGSJ-Receipts to-day, 28,000; to-morrow,
30,000; left over, 6000. Market opened 5c to 10c
lower, closed 10c to ISc lower. . Mixed and
butchers, $6 15(g>7 30; good to choice heavy, $6 90
07 27%; rough heavy, $6 60@6"85; light, $6 80®
7 10; bulk of sales, $6 85@7. - •
CHICAGO. Sept. 24.— Cattle— Receipts, 6500.
including 1500 Texans and 1500 Westerns; no
choice natives here. Steady, .but slow; "West
erns and Texans . shade lower. Good to prime
steers, $6 20@fi 60; poor to medium. $4@6; stock
ers and feeders, $2<g4 25; cow3 and heifers $2 50
@5; canners, $1 50@2 50; bulls, $1 5O®4 60;
calves, $3@6 75; Texas steers, $3@4 60; Western
steers, $3 75@5 25. • ' ...
Eastern Livestock Market.
Views of local Hay dealers differ as to the
amount of damage done by the rain. One re
ports none of any consequence. . while another
reports a good deal north and east of the bay.
Prices stand the same, and the market Is
steady. • • ' < " • /
There is nothing new In Feedstufita.
BRAN— $20 50®21 60 per ton.
' MIDDLINGS— $22@23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17<g>18; Corn Meal, $34@
35; Cracked , Corn, ¦ $34 50@3S 50; Mixed Feed,
$18 50@19 50. A J
HAY— Wheat, $7@9 50; Choice. $10@10 60;
Wheat and Oat. $6 50®9: Oat. $6@8 60; Barley
and Oat. $6@8; Alfalfa. $8 60@10 60; Clover, $5 50
@7; Volunteer, $4 50@5 50.
. STRAW— 25@42%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
.NEW YORK, Sept. 24.— Close: Money on
call was steady at 3@4 per cent; last loan. 3
per cent; ruling rate, 3% per cent.. Prime mer
cantile paper, 5@6 per ' cent. Sterling ex
change was strong, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $1 So% for demand and at$4 $2%
for sixty days. Posted i rates, $4 83%@4 88.
Commercial bills, $4 83%@4 82%. Bar silver.
GSVic. Mexican dollars, 43%c. Bonds—Govern
ment, strong; State, inactive; railroad, weak.
New York Money Market.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. 113*4114 4s qr c (new)..139%140tiV
4s quar reg.... 11244113 1 3s quar coup... 108^109 a>
MISCELLANEOUS BONUS.
Bay C P C 5s.lO« — Ocennlc SS Bs.103 103%
Cal-st 6s.. 118 — Omnibus C 6s.l32 — '
C C Water Bs.108% — Pac O Imp 4s. — 100
EdLftP 6s..l28%133% Pk ,& Cl II 8s.lO9 —
Fer & C R 6s. — — FkfcOR 6s.ll7 —
Geary-et 5s — — Powll-st R 6s. — —
H C & S 5%s.lO6\4 — Sac E O R 5s. 95 -
Do 6a 99%102}J S F & SJV 6s.l23 -
Los Ansr R 59.113 120 Sierra Cal 8s.. — —
L. A Light 6s.l01% — S P of Ariz 6s
Do «ntd 6S..10O — (iq09) 112% —
Do gntd 6s.. 103 — (1910) 113% —
Ij A & Pao 5s. — 102H S P of Cal (a
Do 1 c m 5s. — — (1905), Ser A-lO^lsa'S
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 12S% (1905). Ser B.110% —
Do 1 c m 53.121 122% (1906) 112H112T.
Nev C N O 7a. — — O912) 121«i —
N R of Cal 6s.U2%113 S P. of Cal 1st
Do Es 124 — c imtd 5s 110 —
Nor Pac C 6s. 101% — S P Br Cal gs.136% —
Do 6s.-.. 106%10714 S V Water 6s.lllH —
Nor Cal R 5s. .111. — D<j 4s 102 T sl03''i
Oak Gas 5s. ...Ill — Dc 4s. 3d m.lOtti -«¦
Oak Trans 8s. — 121 Stktn Gas 6s.. 104 —
Oak Wat % 6s.l02% -
-. ¦'.- %¦¦ ;. v, ¦¦¦ WATER . STCXnca.
Contra Costa.. 76% 78% I Port Costa «0 «5
alarm County. 58 — 1 Spring Valley. 86% 87
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP... 4 5 Paddc Light.. — 46*4
Equitable 3}i — Sacramento ... — 40
Mutual 4% 5>i S F O & E 42% 43
Oakland 50 — San Francisco. 4Vi 4%
Pac Gas Imp. S3V4 40% Stkti O & E. 8 —
IN3UBANC3.
Flrem'a Fund. — 247 / '
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal — 80 L P ft A 133 lJ9t*
California ....405 410 Mer Ex (Hq).. is -
Cal Safe Dep..WS — S F National. 130 —
First Natlonl.305 — t
-..:.- .; ; SAVINGS BANKS. <L
German" 1833 — Sav & Loan. — — "^
Humboldt — — Security 273 —
Mutual Sav.... 83 — Union Trust.. 1800 -
San Francisco. 520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 — 10 s L & H.... 40 —
G r M 7 4 - M Presidio 30 -
POWDER.
Giant 73 74 (Vlgarlt 4 *Y,
8UOAR.
Hana 6% C Ktlauea 11 -
Hawaiian — 50 Maknwell 21H -
Honokaa 11% 12 Onomea 23'., :3
Hutchlnson ... 13 13'i Paauhau nil l^Vi
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack..l3S 133 Oceanic 9 Co. 4* 50
Cal Fruit Can. 08 — Pac Aux FA °'i -
Cal Wine Asn. 88 90 Pac C Borax V. -
Mer Exchnge.UO — Par Paint...". IS —
. '',__¦-^ ¦'¦¦• ; Morning Sesa:.on.
Board—
5 Mnknwelt , ## . "» 23
10 Oceanic Steamship Comrarry.'.'.'iX.'.'.' ii Si
$4CCO Oceanic Steamship bonj a- ICQ1S
10 Paauhau S P Company """ ' 11 25
a £*??" & . E '? ctrl c Company".'.'.""".'. 43 «o
™ 2 £ £ a " £ E lectri c Corapany, b 3.. 43 !2'i
"- I Z £" £ £} ectTlc Company, s 33.. « 00
S°tr^eT- Electrlc Company.. 43 I2\i
$2000 Market-st Ry.lst Con 5 per csnt....l21 73
, Afternoon Sesilon.
in A«u S f« a «? aC w. rs ' A9so dation. in 50
iorSm * ™ ne A " oci at>"n 87 50
5ftH !ki la lnc As s°clatlon gs CO
30 Hutchlnson S. P. Company... u CO
s Mk^^ir.^..^^::!?. co i\ % .
lnS ac ! flc S M lm P™vemen't ...".'.'.'.".'.'.'." 40 :'¦*>
10 Pacinc Gas Improvement ...40 75
-Z a-S, V? as Im P r ovenjent 44 0O
ir,n I v f lectI ? c Jfom:jany. s"90:: 43 00
10O S F Gaa & Electric Company 43 Cfrr
Continued on Page Thirteen, "f* ¦
TUESDAY, Sept. 24—2 p. m.
Business continued dull on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange. The sugar stocks
were firm. Makawell selling up to $24 25 and
Paauhau to $11 25. There ?.-as nothing new in
the oil stocks.
In the afternoon the local stocks were firmer.
California Wine sold at $37 30@SS. Pacific Gas
rose to $41 and Alaska Packers to $138 50. Gas
and Electric was weak at $13®42 75. The su
gar stocks continued firm, with several frac
tional advances.
The delinquency of the Superior Oil assess
ment has been postponed tc October 5 and the
sale day to October 19.
The Gas Consumers' Association has declared
a dividend of 10c per share, amounting to $5000
payable Immediately. -
The Makawell Sugar Company will pay a div
idend of 40c per share to-day.
The Homestake Mining Company will pay a
dividend of $105,000 to-day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
STOCK MARKET.
Tallow Is In demand for shipment, and price*
are firmer.
There Is a steady call for "Wool at unchanged
but steady prices.
Hops are unsettled, owing to the reports of
t short output, and growers are. disposed to
hold off for better prices.
Hides are quoted in fair movement and firm
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides
9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. 7c; Salted
Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted Calf. 10%c:
Dry Hides, 16@16%c: Culls. 14c; Dry Kip. l«c;
Dry Calf. '18c: Culls and Brands. 15c; Sheep
skins, • shearlings. 15@30c each: short Wool. 30
@50c each; medium, 50@75c: long Wool, 8Oc@
$1 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 iO@2 75 for large
and |2@2 25 for medium, $1 50@l 75 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $175 for
large, $1 254?1 60 for- medium. $1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium sklnu. 30c; winter or
thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras,
75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c
TALLOW— Refined, 6%c; No. 1 rendered. 4%
©6%c per lb: No. 2, 3%@4c; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine, 14@
15c; do. medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to rood, 9@
lie; Nevada. 10@12c.
Fall — San Joaquln. 6%®8%c; San Joaquln
Lambs', 7%@9c. Middle County. 8@10c; North
ern Mountain free, 9@llc; do, defective, S@9c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@l'c per lb.
HOPS— New, 12®15c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 250
3 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50(g2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers*. $2 75
@3. ' • \ •"' •
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the" trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, |7; Corn Meal. $3 25:
extra cream do, $4; Oats Groat, $5; Hominy, $4
©4 25; Buckwheat' Flour, 1 $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50;- Farina, »4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 85<g8 35;
in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per. 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
<« ' " CLOSING. »
Anaconda, 7%; Atchison ' 77; Canadian Pa
cific, 112%; Denver & Rio Grande, 47%; do pre
ferred. 96%: Northern Pacific preferred, 99%;
Southern Pacific, 6S%; Union Pacific preferred,
$1.
Bar silver-Quiet; 26 15-16d per ounce.
Money— 1 ' per , cent.
NEW YORK, Sept. 24.— Commercial Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram:' > ...
The slump In copper shares caused a general
flatness In an idle market. Tlntos and Ana
condas were heavily sold for the New York ac
count, the former touching ,47% and closing at
48%, or a net. loss of 3%. . '
The latter closed at the worst, ' 7%, • or. one
point down for the day. . -..: •¦
There is a general anxiety ; here regarding the
overstocked condition of the. Amalgamated Cop
per Company, but some suspect a ruse on the
part of Rockefeller.
American stocks moved with copper shares,
but the account was so small that there was
little pressure to until there was . a point
in the street. New York offered silver on the
weakness of copper.
London Market.
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9%c; one tierce. 9J4c; two tierces
3%c; five tierces. 9%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%<§8c per lb for
compound and 12c for pure; half-barrels, oure
12%c; 10-lb tins. 12%c; 5-lb tins, 12%c; 3-lb tins'
13c.'
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy, 12%@ 13c for light medium. 14c for light
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured.
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14@14%c; California
Hams. 13%c; Mess Beef. Ill per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family, J12 50; prime Mess Pork,
$15; extra clear. $23; Mess. $19; Smoked Beef
14c per pound. .
A private dispatch from Chicago to Bolton.
De Ruyter & Co.. yesterday, said: '•Provisions
are maintained by local packing Interests, and
we hardly believe that present prices can be
sustained. Hogs are a shade easier."
Hams are selling at about cost, and dealers
say that they must naturally advance. Bacon
Is quite firm at the improved quotations, and
Lard rules stiff with light stocks.
Provisions.
movement of prices, as they were governed al
most exclusively by technical causes growing
out of the collapse in Amalgamated Copper.
Copper mining stocks all over the world showed
the effect of this development this morning
and copper In London scored a decline on ac
count of a prevalence of a rumor that the
Amalgamated Company was about to reduce its
selling, price in order to work oft an accumu
lation of its product. Selling by foreign hold
ers of American securities, including railroad
stocks, was an Important influence in the open-
Ing decline here, i^hich reached from 1 to 2
points in important cases. Amalgamated Cop
per Bold at S9 during the first few minutes of
trading, "which proved to be the low point of
the day. It was after the stock had steadied
that the severest pressure developed against the
general list. A promiscuous epilling out of
stocks carried the level of prices 1 to 2 points
below last night, the Pacifies, Southwestern,
grangers and Sugar being the principal suffer
ers. It was believed that recent losses in
Amalgamated Copper, was responsible for the
liquidation elsewhere. Several alarmist stories
put out this morning indicated the exhaustion
of ammunition by the bears. The support de
veloped In Amalgamated Copper and the post
ponement of the meeting of the directors of
the Anaconda Company, which it was feared
would result -in another dividend reduction,
completed the discomfiture of the bears and
they covered heavily during the latter part of
the day. The earlier declines were largely
wiped out and- a fair proportion of net gains
established. Points of conspicuous strength
were the Vanderbllts, Manhattan and Wash
ington issues. The selling of Etocks for Lon
don account made an active demand for ex
change, which forced rates up an additional
fraction away from the gold import point.
The railroad bond market was quite active.
Total sales, par value. $2,260,000.
United States 3s and the old 4s advanced
per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales High Low Close
Atchison 46,900 76% 73*4 75%
Atchison pfd 6,100 96% 95% 95%
Baltimore & Ohio. 3,000 102?* 101% 102ft
Baltimore & Ohio pfd J M
Canadian Pacific, 100 110 110- 109%
Canada Southern 1,400 SU4 kO 82
Chesapeake & Ohio 3.600 ' 46 ' 45'4 4o T »
Chicago & Alton 500 3SV4 3SVs 38%
Chicago & Alton pfd 77%
Chicago, Ind & Louis... 3,200 42% 41% 42^4
Chgo, Ind & Louis pfd.. .... • 74
Chgo &. Eastern 111 125
Chgo & Great Western. 2,100 23% 22% 23%
Chgo & G W A pfd 200 86% WA. 85%
Chgo & G W B pfd 200 43 48 48
Chgo & Northwestern 194
Chgo R I & Pacific 500 142% 142 143
Chgo Term & Transit... 2.000 23H 22>i 23U
Chgo -Term & Tran pfd. 2,200 42% 41 42%
C C C & St Louis 900 9ST6 9S% SS?»
Colorado Southern 14Vi
Colo Southern 1st pfd 54
Colo Southern 2d pfd 100 25H 2594 25%
Delaware & Hudson 300 164 164 163%
Del. Lack & Western...; 224
Denver & Rio Grande... 600 47% 46% 46%
Denver & It Grande pfd 1,000 94Vi 93 83%
Erie 39,300 42>i 41% 41%
Eri« 1st pfd 6,800 70Vi 69% 70
Erie 2d pfd COO 56% 56 66%
Great Northern pfd 300 184% 184 184%
Hocking Valley 500 C3>i f.3 C3%
Hocking Valley pfd 500 75 74% 74%
Illinois Central ".. 200 144% 144% 144%
Iowa Central 2,700 42% 40% 41%
Iowa Central pfd 1.000 78% 76% 76%
Lake Erie & Western,... 2,000 6S 66% 67%
Lake Erie & WeFtn pfd 128
Louisville & Nashville.. 6.700 104 103% 104
Manhattan Elevated ... 13,100 125>/i 121'4 124:4
Metropolitan St Ry.. 6,000 16C% 1G4»,4 1CC%
Mexican Central 12,000 23% 23% 23%
Mexican National 1,600 14 13% 13%
Minn & Rt LoulB 100 107% 107% 107%
Missouri Pacific ., 7,100 102% . 100% 102%
Mo.. Kans & Texas 300 28% 28 .28%
Mo. Kans & Texas ptd.. 700 55>4 54 55 •
New Jersey Central 200 163 163 162
New York Central 6,400 157% 155 157%
Norfolk & Western 9,400 5i?i C3»i hl%
Norfolk & Western pfd j 88
Northern Pacific pfd....- 100 96% 8C% ¦ 96%
Ontario & "Western 6.O0O 34H 34 34'A
Penndjivania 10.100 144% 143% 144%
Reading 9.6M « *0% <1%
Reading 1st pfd 3,100 76U 75% -7G%
Riadlng 2d pfd ....3.300 C2?i S2 C2%
St Louie & San Fran... 6,000 46 45% 4."Vi
fit'Louts & S F let pfd 78
St i/ouis & S F 2d pfd.. 200 CS C7% 68
St Louis Southwestern.. 600 30% 30 30%
St TiOUis Southwgtn pfd 400 62% 62 -62
St Paul 27,500 102 1J9% 161%
St Paul pfd 200 1SS 18S 187Vi
Southern, Parlflc 42.100 r.7% 56% 57%
Southern Railway 29.100 84% 33 '4 34
Southern Railway pfd.. 2.300 R3% 88% 8D%
Toxns & Pacific 2.100 42% 41% 42%
Toledo. St L & W 200 21% 21% 21
Toledo, St L & W pfd.. 100 3."i 35 34vt
Union Pacific C3,8f.O 58% 0(i%" 38%
Union Pacific pfd 600 R8 - 87% 87%
\Vaba*h 6.100 22% 21% 22%
Wabawh pfd 5,200 39% 38% 33%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 18%
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd. ;... 30
Wisconsin Central 1.600 22% 22.--.22U
Wisconsin Central pfd 42>i
Express Companies— , ¦•>,
Adams 180
American' 100 132 132 192
United States S>2
Wells Fargo 160
Miscellaneous—
Amalgamated Copper... 107,100 S3',i 90 92^
Amer Car & Found '1.600 29»4 28"J 2S%
Amer Car &. Found pfd. -300 84% . 84 ElVi
Amcr Linseed Oil 17
Amer Linked Oil pfd... .... 45
Amcr f-melt & Ref 3.600 45 44% 44%
Amer Smelt & Ref pfd.. 1,100 97. 97 <wa,
Anaconda Minlnsr CO...-3S.600 37« 34% 26
Krooklyn TlaiMd Transit 7.800 R7->i 63y. 07%
C0J0 Fuel & Iron, ex dlv 600 9G% 8C " 05%
Concolldotffd Gas ; l.CCO 220 219% 220
Continental Tobacco pfd 300 117 117 ,117 .
General Electric .... .... 260
Glucose Su^ar, 9C0 55%>. 53 SjU
Hocking Coal .-.., .... -jg
International Paper ..:. -200 24 24
International Paper pfd 73
International Power .... ,1,000 95 ¦ &; aj
Laclede Gas 90
Xational -niBcuit 400 43% <3% 43%
Nntlcnal Lead 100 10% 19% 19%
National Salt £00 41 '41 41
National £alt pfd... ..... ;.;/ .... }i
NEW YORK, Sept. 24.— There were indica
tions of support for Amalgamated Copper by
inside interests to-day for the first time since
the reduction in the dividend was announced
last Friday. The rapid downward course of
that stock was thereby arrested and the whole
market showed signs of relief from the ner
vous strain engendered by Amalgamated Cop
per's decline. There^was little actual news to
take into account In considering the day's
A T ezu York Stock Market.
'; : tiie coAsr record.
STATIONS. 2 I II I 5-1 H ?£
] • : • : : 3"
t , orl * 29.70 r-fl ifT^ jtaln .Us
' :ak<r »•« ~S> « BE Clear .00
£ a ™"> a.« CO :<S N Char .00
£,••"'•^1 Z'.:r2 cs 41 BO Cloudy T
J.f«"""> M.Ca 72 5) 13 Clear .00
riagMafT 80.00 d 4t KE Clear .00
ro~atcl!o. hiii10.SO.n4 54 si R Cloudy 41
fadcrenfoni* ;U.a.si cr, 41 pn cit>nr '00
1 oy Ansrclrs 23.fi 1 ) 7G 4S W Clew '.00
rfco~n!x .....I9.K1 M C2 W Clear .00
Portland t^.T.i ~X XA P-T. Haln .10
Red Binr: s\o: r.c t; sn cloudy no
roseburs 2J.S<! r.c 4V RE Rain 11
f : a"r."mrnto RO.fl! rs 4? P Pt Cldy 'fiO I
Palt LaVe sn.fjs r.s rs S\V Clear 'no!
Fan Frnnrlr-o 30. <V, f.i r,% W near 'oo
San I.yls Oblspo.?n.04 T! <' "\V Coar *0>
Tan DIcro Tt.M 71 T.% XW Cl«ar "co
l'*"* i*.n K tt P pain i T.
&**»"f- 3 - 311 CA 4I) s Cloudy .00
> Th Bav 44 . !
J"'»a V.-'.'a ....?9. fc« f4 4S E" Pt'cidy jH\
*« hnraiacca 2<>.S>« HK a? sty Clear no'
Tvttjl ............ sa.S 1 ) S4 55 N Clear '.05
at 7 a. m.. ;i. — — •—-
WEATIIEIi COXDITIOXS AXD GEXERAL
FORECAST.
• Owing to ateence' of rerwrts from northern
cUtion?. direct v.irc to 1'criland being down, ¦
EASTERN MARKETS.
Grapes — Tokays, single crates, $1 20@l 95,
average Jl 39; Muscats, single crates, 80c<g$l 25,
average 94c. Two cars sold to-day. Weather
dry and favorable. . -. . . . .
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 24.— The Earl Fruit
Company auctioned California fruit to-day and
the following prices were realized :
Car from Fair. Oaks: - Peaches— Salways, 70@
75c, average 74c; Winter Nells, Jl 20@l 40, aver
age Jl 26 half boxes. Grapes— Tokaye, Jl 35@
1 90, average »1 84 single crates: Muscats, Jl 10
@1 25, average Jl 19. Gross sale, J107S. - ¦ ¦ <
Car from Colfax: Peaches, 60c. Pears — Bart
letts, Jl 20(53 35, average 52 55 boxes; half boxes.
Jl. Grapes — Tokays, Jl 75; Muscats, Jl. Gross
sales, $1230.
Car from San Jose: Beurre Hardy, Jl 15 half
boxes; Cornice. Jl 30@2 70, average Jl 58; W.
Sickles. Jl 20@l 70, average Jl 64 half boxes.
Gross sales $1715.
' Car from Florin : Peaches— Salways, • 65c.
Plums— Keleey Japans, Jl 75. Pears— Bartletts,
J2 boxes. Grapes— Morocco, {3 10; Tokays, Jl 30
@2 35, average $1 90; Clusters, {2 35@2 65, aver
age $2 36; Muscats, Jl 05@2 10, average Jl 51;
Clusters, J3; Cornichons, J2 05; Assorted, Jl 15
@2 05, average Jl 51. Gross sales, J1910. !
Car .'from Newcastle: Peaches — Salways, C5
@65c,' average 59c; Nixon, 40@55c, average 44c;
George Late," E5@60c. average 57c. Gross sales,
4660.. • '
• Car from Florin: Grapes— Tokays, $1 40@l f(5,
1 average Jl 72; J Clusters, $1 30@2 15, average
Jl 90; Muscats, 9Cc@Jl 55. average Jl 22;'as
sorted, Jl 65@2 15, average Jl 56; Morocco, J3
@t, average $3 28. Gross sales, J1725.
• NEW YORK, Sept. 24.— Porter j Brothers
Company eales California fruit:
Salways, 50c.
Car from Vacaville: Peaches— Sal ways, 60®
70c- Pears— Bartletts, $2 35. Grapes— Tokays,
$1 30@l 60, average $1 34; Muscats, 95c@$l,
average 96c. GrosB sales, {985.*
Porter Brothers . Company sales: Car from
Fair Oaks: Grapes — Tokays; $1 55@1 80, aver
age %l 74, single crates, $3 70 double crates;
Muscats, 95c@Jl 35, average $1 29, single crates,
$3 05 double crates. Peaches— Sal ways, 75c I
Strawberry Cling, 65c; Yellow Cling, 80c.
Gross sales, $1140. Car from Winters: ) Peaches
.Grapes— Malagas. -. single crates, Jl 05@l 45,
average ?1 41; Tokays, single crates,! $1 20@l 55,
average $1 41; Cornichon, single crates, $1 70.
Pears— Bartletts, .. boxes, ¦'. %Z 80<g>3 20, average
$2 96;;Bartletts, half boxes, $1 20@l 35, average
jl 31. . Prunes— Hungarians, single crates, $1 30
@1 55. average $136; Italians, .single crates,
SOig^Oc, , average 85c Peaches — Levi Cling,
boxes, . 45@S5c, average S3c; Sal ways, boxes, 45
®70c, average ; 59c. Fourteen cars sold to-day.
Weather dry and warm. • • ' ' •
CHICAGO, Sept 21.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Cali
fornia fruit 1 sold at auction to-day:.
California Fruit Sales.
The following maximum r.nrt minimum tern
r>rr.v.urrs in »¦ reported from Eastern stations
HiMton. .S-y:.- Cincinnati. Sfl-CO; Jnckaonvllle
*. -«<:: Kansas Olty. sS-ifi; Philadelphia, 7C-C0
Washington. 'C-Z2; SCcw York 74-5S
SAN FRANCISCO. Sent. 24-5 p. m.
Th* folJowtas maximum temperature* were
reported from Ktations in California to-day:
Eureka. 68; Mount Tamalpais. S3; Independ
ence «J; J'.cJ Wuff. CS; Fresno. 72; Los Angeles
-t>; Sftcraau no. CS; .San Luis Obicpo. 72; Sari
I '-ego, *0.
Ban Fran-isco Oata: Maximum temperature
Cl: minimum, Jl; mean. J3.
n3>rt Meridian— PaciSc Time.)
Weather Report.
IX >S 'AXCnXEfl SUMMARY.— Cool. foggy
tveather rtsrded beets in some localities; Rath
rred in tome section-. Sal way peaches being
harvoKUr!. Almond harvest continues; many
Llown on. Bean cutting commenced.
ni-RHKA summary.— Rain will interfere
with late threshing, but greatly benefited v«ge
tnfcltE and pasturage. Fruit prospects continue
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— The weather has
l>een favorable for crops during most of the
•week. Grain threshing and hay baling are
nearly ooiroi'.pted. Ucan harvest has commenced
in Ventura County; the yield Is excellent. Su
}-ar h'pts are being gathered; the yield Is ex
ceptionally h*avy in some sections. Potatoes
p.re Ccir.g well. Walnut picking will begin in
a few days; the yield will be much better than
last s«asons in some sections. Grape picking
is piQgicMlus rapidly, and raisin making has
COBUncaeM. <."itrus, rrults are in good condi
tion. Ilain Rt the close of the week has prob-
BHT «~nusrd s<:rr«" rtarraee.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.— The cool.
*oggy weather along the coast has been un
favorable lor fruit drying, and rain at the close
of the week has undoubtedly caused consider
able damage to grain in the sack, unbaled hay,
prai cs on the vines and beans. Ample warn
ings had been Riven and it is probable that dry
ing fruits and raisins on the trays were not se
riously injured. Frosts on the fth and 16th
Ferioasly damag-ed corn, potatoes and tomatoes
in portions of Sonoma County, and injured
hops, beans and tomatoes in the vicinity of
T'kiah. Hep picking is nearly completed. The
yi<»id is liclow average in some places, but the
quality iE excellent. Sugar beets are turning
out well in San Benito 'County. Grain thresh
ing ard hay baling are progressing. Prunes
are yielding better than expected in some
places. Apples are plentiful and of good
•luality. In Sonoma County the crop is the
best for several years.
SAN JOAQL'IN VALLEY.— The weather was
¦a-arm with cool nights the first part of the
week, and cool and somewhat cloudy the latter.
Raisin making and fruit drying have progressed
rapidly, and a good jx>rtion of the first crop of
raisin KTHpes is on the trays. Larse quantities
of groi*-s are being shipped, and the wineries
are in full operation. The grape crop exceeds
early estimates in many places and the quality
if goort. Deciduous fruit drying is nearly com
pletcii excfju the later varieties. The first rai-
F!ns of thf- season were marketed at Hanford
on the 20th. The prune crop is light, and the
ulive croi) lfss than last year. A good crop
nf nreet potatoes is being harvested. Most of
the rrain crop is stored in the warehouses,
nain besain to fall Monday morning, and will
cause a crcat amount of damage to grapes on
the vines, unprotected grain, and fruit on the
trays.
Grain threshing and hay baling are com
pleted in M>me sections and progressing rapidly
in others. Immense quantities of hay and grain
are exrmf-ed, and it is probable that the loss
will be serious, as the rain has been quite
general and in some sections unusually heavy,
over tup inch having fallen In three hours at
lied liluff. Beans and hops have also been
considerably injured. As ample warnings had
been given, it is believed the raisin-growers
and fruit-dryers stacked their trays, and that
the damage to these fruits will be comparative
ly lijjht. Grapes on the vines will undoubtedly
be Uadiy damaged. The yield of grapes is con
siderably better than anticipated a few weeks
apo. but is below average: the quality is ex
cellent. Apples are yielding a large crop, some
sections reporting: the heaviest yield for sev
eral years and of superior quality. Hops, beans
end sucar beets are vielding good crops.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.— Warm weather
prevailed during the first of the week, changing
to cooler on the ISth. Rain commenced Satur
day night, continuing at intervals through
Eaadiy and to-day; at Red Bluff the rainfall
up to 5 o'clock this morning amounted to 1.36
inches. Grain, hay and grapes have probably
been considerably damaged. but as ample
warnings lir.d been given the damage to rai
fins and drying fruits will be light. The sec
or.3 crop of grapes is being gathered; the yield
if below average in some places. Oranges con
tinue in excellent condition and a good crop is
expected. The olive crop will be light.
GENERAL SUMMARY.— Nearly normal tem
perature prevailed during the first of the week,
followed by cooler weather, with heavy fogs
along the coast. Rain commenced Saturday
night in feme sections, continuing through Sun
day, and to-day showers are falling in all parts
o* the State.
The report or A. G. McAdle, section director
of the climate and crop section of the Weather
Burcati. for the week ending Monday, is as
fellows:
The Weather and Crops.
e&ye: The salmon market had been the scene
of a considerable Flump in prices caused by the
nws of an unusually heavy pack on the Fraser
River and Puset Sound. Prior to these advices
being received, the position was believed to be
a very healthy one— stocks on the spot were not
cxeetsive, ar»d while the demand was not alto
gether satis! actory, holders were very steady
and not at all inclined to force business by a
etrikintf reduction in rates. How great a fall
there has been can only be realized by the
statement of figures, and it is no exaggeration
to state that Fraser River came down no less
than 12s per ease from the hishest point touched
this year. Tlie recent fall in prices has caused
a considerably increased demand, and .consid
erable Quantities? have been moved off during
the part week at about the Fame basis of prices
as that ruling last week. The special packages
of salmon, such as squats, J ,~-lb ovals. Vi-lb
txllE ainu 1-Ib ovals, are scarce.
The London Grocers' Gazette cf September 7
English Salmon Market.
San Francisco and vicinity— Threatening
Wednesday morning; fair during the day: light
southerly, changing to fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE. .
Forecast Official.
In Eastern California, along the Sierras, and
In Northern Nevada, there has been a rise in
temperature of from 8 to 18 degrees.
Sprinkles of rain are reported at Eureka and
at Salt Lake City.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour?, ending midnight. September 25. 1901:
Northern California— Fair in southern por
tion, cloudy, threatening weather in northern
portion and probably light showers in extreme
north; warmer; fresh southeasterly winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday ; warmer: brisk
southerly winds.
the exact position of the low pressure over
Washington Is not definitely known. On the
southern half of the Pacific Coast there has
been a steady rise in pressure. Over Northern
Utah there has been a rise of .60 of an inch
during the past twenty-four hours." -
I The market stands precisely the same. There
Is less demand for shipment, but stocks of
everything are moderate, owing to the short
crops, and holders are firm and generally Indif
ferent about selling. At the same time,
enough fruit Is being bought in the country to
make a very respectable shipping movement,
and excepting Apples, no weaKness is appar
ent.
Nuts, Honey and Raisins are as before
quoted;
FRUITS— Apricots. 7%@9%c for Royals and
8@12%c"for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 7@8c; sun dried, 4@4%c;
Peaches. 6@8c; Pears, 7@9c; Plums, pitted. 4@
6Uc; unpltted. l@2c; Nectarines, 5@6c for red
and 5%@6%c for white; Figs. 3U@3^c for black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows, on
the basis of 3%@3%c for the fo-Jr sizes: 30-40's.
5%@5»4c: 40-50's, 5@5V4c; 5l)-60's, 4%f4%c;
60-70' s,.4@4V*c: 70-80's, 3%@3%c; 80-90"s. 3@3Uc;
90-100's. 2%@2*ic per lb. Old crop are being
cleaned up at 3@3i>ic for the four sizes.
RAISINS — Are cleaned up and nominal.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. -1 softshell. 9%c; No. 2,
7%c: No. 1 hardshell. 9c: No. 2. 7c; Almonds.
13@14c for papershell. 10@llc for softshell and
5@6c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5^f)7c for Eastern:
Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c: Filberts. 12@12%c; Pe
cans. ll®13c: Cocoanuts, J3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10©
12c for light amber; water white extracted. 5H
@6c; light amber extracted. 4V4@5c; dark. 4©
414'c.
¦ BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FOR TUESDAY, SEl?TEiIBER 21
Flour, qr sks .... 83.3931 Hops, bales ...... 25
Wheat, ctls 84,305 Wool, sks 341
Barley, ctls 80,812 She rts sks 433
Oats, ctls 2S3J Tallow, ctls .... 283
Corn, ctls 62o Sujrar. sks 14.3&1
Beans, sks 7,319 Chicory, bbls 5.">
Potatoes, ska ... 2,4?5 LM.thrr, rolls 1*J
Onions, sks 50 1 wine, srals 40,5y»
Bran, sks 3,193 1 Quicksilver, flks. 43
Middlings, sks .. 780 Pelts, bdla 2K
Hay. tons 53<VHHes. No 572
OREGON.
Oats, ctls ........ 803!
Receipts of Produce.
38@39c for No. 1 and 30<£33c for No. 2; Harness
Leather medium 30® 37c: Harness Leather.'
light, 29@35c;" Skirting. 36tf4uc; Collar Leather.
15@16c per foot; Kip, unfinished. 40@50c per lb;
Veal, finished. 16@17c per foot; Belt Knif»
Splits, 14@16c; Rough Spll.s, 1 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. J26@23 per ton; Stick.
J18@20 per cord.
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure. Jl 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
74c; raw. 72c; cases, 5o more; Lucol, 53c for
boiled and 57c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, bairels. 80c; cases. 85c;
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
in barrels. 67c; cases. 72%c; Sperm, pure, 63c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil. In barrels 37%c; cases, 42 1 /ic
COAL OIL— Water Whita Coal Oil. in bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil, in cases. l!te; Astral. 19c; Star,
19c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine, 24c; Eocene. 31c;
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; in cases.
21c: Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in cases. 20c; S6-de
gree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In cases, '26c.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon In cases and
52c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%@
8c per lb; White Lead, '.'Vi@8c. according to
quantity.
SALT— H. R. H.. $24 73 p^r ton In large sacks
and J25 50 in 50's. Liverpcol. J21 25@22 for the
best and $17 50@20 for low«r grades. Hlgglns'.
J27 5O@3O per ton.
QUICKSILVER— J46 60@4V 50 per flask for lo
cal use and J40@45 for export.
SUGAR— The Western S:igar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.10c; Pow
dered. 4.95c; Candy Granulated. 4.95c; Dry
Granulated. 4.83c; Confectioners' A, 4.85c: Fruit
Granulated. 4.83c; Beet Granulated. 4.73c; Mag
nolia A. 4.43c; Extra C. 4.55c; Golden C. 4.25c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes.
tOc more: 50-lb bags. 10c mere. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dorr.l
nos. half -barrels. 5.33c; boies, 5.60c per lb
LUMBER— Retail prices s.re as follows: PJn».
ordinary sizes, $18@19; extn. sizes, higher: Red
wood. J18@19; Lath. 4 feet. IX 90O4: Pickets. J20:
Shingles. $2 for common and J3 75 for fancy;
Shakes, J13 for split and $14 for sawn; Rustic.
J23@29.
NEW : YORK,'; Sept, 24. -Special cable 'and
telegraphic communications to \ Bradstreet's
show the - following changes in available sup
plies from last account: . - ' : .
. Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase, 3,667,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe. Increase, 1,900,000 bushels.
•Total ¦ supply increased 5,567,000 bushels.-* ¦
i-'.Corn-^Unlted'. States and Canada, east of the
.Rockies,' increased 594,000 bushels. ' . ¦'¦ '
:: Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increased 888,000 bushels. ;-
Available Grain Supply.
< . . : CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
' ' Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, 99Vic
May— 20,000, $1 03U
¦'Regular Morning Session — No sales.
' Afternoon Session— December— 14,000 ctls,
99%c; 6000, 99%c. May-2000, $1 03%; 8000, Jl 03%.
BARLEY— The market is low and weak, as
the shippers are out of the market; the do
mestic demand is light and the early rains tend
to give the future a weaker aspect. .
Feed. 72%@73%c for choice bright, 70@71i.ic
for No. 1 and 67%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping • grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier, 95c@
$1 05 per , ctl. . '
. . CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.- '
- Regular Morning Session— No* sales. .
Afternoon Session— No sales. , ... -
OATS— Continue dull, but if the Government
awards the 1000-ton contract to this market it
will keep prices from going down, and deal
ers say that that ' is about all it will do.
Black are doing better, being wanted for seed.
Other descriptions are unchanged. .' . •
Grays, Jl 10@l 20; whites, $1 10@l 30; black,
Jl@l 15, and red. Jl 05@l 20 per ctl.
. CORN— Chicago declined at the opening, but
subsequently recovered.
The undertone was nervous. Prominent bulls
made large charters for the shipment of con
tract Corn. The present stock of contract Corn
is about 5,500,000 bushels, .and ha» not changed
much for 60 days. Short sellers are less con
fident and the feeling is more or less bullish.
The local market shows no change. There
have been no receipts from the East for some
time. Eastern is quoted to arrive in bulk at
Jl 62% for White, Jl 52% for Yellow and Jl 50
for mixed..
RYE— Continues quiet at 75<§77% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none in first hands.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Continue nominal on
the spot at about 87s -6d,' usual options. The
chartered wheat fleet in port has a registered
tonnage of. 94,300, against 44,400 for the same
date last year; disengaged, 15,450. tons, against
5575; on the way to this port. 1S6.300 tons,
against 152,360. . •' '-.
WHEAT— The foreign markets stood about
the ¦ same. ,' .
-•Chicago was steady, but Inactive. Heavy
Northwestern receipts '. counterbalanced firm
cables. Exporters reported that the Continental
demand ¦ had almost completely ceased. The
world's visible supply, according to Brad
street's.' increased 5,567,000 bushel3. .
•This market was dull, weak and not ma
terially changed. • '
. Spot Wheat— Shipping, 5S<8WA.c; milling, 98%c
@$1 02% per ctl. . \ .
Wheat and Other Grains.
LIVERPOOL. - : .
* .Wheat— • i ..\ r . .• Dec. March.
Opening "..: T 6 7%' 5 9%
Closing 5 75i 5 9Vi
¦•-•:; ¦>' ':;¦¦: ¦ " PARIS. . /. : - ""
Wheat— 1 . ....-'¦ Sept. Jan.-Apr.
Opening ....'.. 21 10 . 22 15 :
Closing 2125 '22 35
Flour — ".- .» ¦ . • ; .' .-."¦• *• ';
Opening .....27 20 28 25 "
Closing ; 27 30 28 45 ; -
Sterling Exchange, 6ft days. — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S6%
Sterling Cables — 4 87'^
New York Exchange, sight — "Vi
NewTork Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — • 5*4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 4V6
Exchange and Bullion.
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Sihrr firmer. Exchange about the same. . i
IV heat cud IVIicat freights easy. '
Barley lower and quiet. Black Oats firmer.
Ccrn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay end Feed stuffs steady and unchanged.
Bcaus unsettled, ivith some fluctuations.
Raiczvcd demand for Potatoes for the Southwest.
Onions steady. Vegetables still in large supply.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese unchanged. '
Crapes advancing under light receipts.
Nothing nciv in Dried Fruits.
Hams, Bacon and Lard very ¦ firm.
Tallozv quoted higher.
Wool hi steady request. Hop grozvers inclined to hold firmly.
Hogs in ample supply and weak. Other Meats unchanged.
No excitement on the local stock exchanges.
Cordage marked up. /
Articles— > Receipts.' Shipments.
Flour, barrela '. ". 35,000 ' 33,000
Wheat, bushels 331.000 76,000
Corn, bushels 284,000 129,000
Oats, bush»lg 262,000 175.CCO
Rye, bushels ......;......... 22.000 .:....-
Bailey, bushels' :.. 68.000 43,000
On the Produce Exchange . to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 14@21c; dairies,'
13@17c, Cheese. ?%@10%c. . Kgcs, firm; fresh,
lCc. . ¦ ; ; - . ¦¦•¦' ¦ : .
NEAV YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 22 Little Chief ....: 12
Alice 45 Ontario 1200
Breece 140 Ophlr ....; , 75
Brunswick Con ... 05 Phoenix "..: .. 03,
Comstock Tunnel. 06% Potosl ;..•.'¦ 01
Con Cal & Va 1 65 Savage 01
Deadwood Terra... 50 1 Sierra Nevada .... 19
Iron Silver 60; Small Hopes ...... 40
Leadville Con 06; Standard... ....8 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. '
Money— Union Pacific '..... 98V«
Call loans 4@5 Union Land •.'.;.....• 2?i
Time loans 5@6 .West End-.... '..'.... 83'
Stocks — » Bonds — . ' •-: ; ,
Atchison 75% N E G.& Coke 5s.'54 .
do prefd 96 Mining shares— •
Am Sugar :.124 Adventure 24 '
do prefd .: 115 Amalg Copper .... 93*4
Am Telephone 162 Atlantic 3«
Boston & Albany. 256 Calumet & Hecla..7O5
Boston Elevated... 171 . Centennial 22%
Boston & Maine... 191 Franklin ;. 1614
Dom Coal 44 Humboldt *J
do prefd 116 Osceola . . ." 102
Fed Steel _ 43Vj Parrot 4O',£
do prefd ?. 32^ Qulncy. ......160
Mex Cent 23^4 Santa Fe Copper..'. 5
N E G & Coke 6 Tamarack ...300
Old Colony ..206ij Utah Mining.. 24Vi
Old Dominion 28Vi Winona 2
Rubber 17 Wolverines 59VS
U S refunding 2s, ' Hocking .Val 4'is. 106^
reg IOS'4 L & Nash unl 4s. .101
do coup 109 Mex Cent 4s..*..... 84',S
do 3s reg 10SU do lst.inc ;. 31»4
• do coup 10SU Minn & St L 4s... 102^4
do new 4s reg,...130 : /j M K & T 4s.^ 99^
do coup ....119'i do 2ds .'..¦..¦...... S2ii
flo old 4s reg 112V* N Y Cent lsts..... 106-14
do coup '..UZM do een. 3tts.;'.V...107 •-
do 5s reg 108 N J Cent gen 5s...l30'i
do coup 10s North Pac 4s.. .....105
Atchison gen 4s.... 10434 -do 3s i 72%
do adj 4s 97 Norf & W con 4s..lO2ifc
Bait & Ohio 4s 104 Reading gen ,4s..:.-96
do 3%s 9514 st L & I M con 58.116'^
do conv 4a lOGVi St L & S F 4s.:.;"95 "
Can South 2ds 106^ St Louis S W lstsT 97«
Cent of Ga 5s. 107- do 2ds ...' 79U
do 1st inc . 80 S A & Ar Pass 4s. S6\<.
Ches & Ohio 4'/4s..lO5»4 South Pac 4s .¦..-.. 91^
Chl.& Alton 3%s.. 84% South Ry 5s ...;... 117VJ
C B & Q new 4s.. 969* Tex & Pac lsts.-.-HS'/i
C M & St P g 4s..ll0fc:Tol St L & W 4s.. 85 •
C & N W con 7s. .140 (Union Pac 4s.. .104%
Chi R I & Pac 4S.106 do conv 4s .:.....107-
C C C & St L g 4s.lO4^i Wabash lsts .....:119 i
Chi Term 4s 94 do 2ds ....;..... .M10
Colo & South 4s... 9S do deb B .:..:.... 63U
D & R G 4s 101% West Shore 4s-....113H
Erie prior lien 4s.. 97^ Wheel & L E 4s... 90%
do gen 4s b7^i Wis Cent 4s SSVi
Ft W & D G lsts.. 101 " .
Total sales 725,500
1 CLOSING BONDS.
North American ! .' 200 ' 97 96 "¦ 97T
Pacific Coast ..: .... . .•... - e7'i
Pacinc Mall '.... 700 ' 4O»,4 ity ' 40%
People's Gas 3,100 -107% -107 i. 107%
Pressed Steel Car SCO 40% 39H 40'i
Pressed Steel Car pfd ...'. ...7 , 81
Pullman Palace Car.... 2C0 212 212 '11
Republic Steel G00 15U 15 lo^A
Republic Steel pfd...... SCO GT'T 6C"i 67'
|" gar •••;••/•; • 9 - s0 ° 124Vi ' 122 -'» m
Tenn Coal & Iron 2,200 61v4 CO'i 61^4
Lnion Bag & Paper Co. 1C0 lG'i la',', 15'
union B & Pap Co pfd. . .... .... 68^4
L S Leather.... 2,000 l°*i 12'^ ' 12%
US Leather pfd 700 SI SOli gO'i
U S Rubber 100 W 17V- 17U
U S Rubber pfd 500 C3 " 63 7 53'
tt I f teel • 30 ' 300 <3 V4 42 43'-i
US steel pfd ;... 18.2C0 S3 91% ,92%
western Union ...„;,..: 6,100 Sl?i SO^^SIH
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 50c@$3 50; Lem
ons. $1@1 25 for common and $2 60@3 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. $1@2 50; Mexican Limes,
repacked. $4@4 50;- Bananas. 75c@$2 23 per
bunch; 1 Pineapples, Jl 50@3 per dozen.
GRAPES— Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent more than small boxes and crates,
which are quoted as follows: Fontalnebleau
and Sweetwater, ZQQiOc per box and crate;
Tokay. 85@75c per box; Muscat. 40@75c; Black,
35@G3c; Isabella, 35@75c; Cornlchon. 75<@90c:
Wlfle Grapes, $28@31-per ton for Zlnfandel and
$20@27 50 for white.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 2Q@50c per box; Canta
loupes, 25@75c per crate; Watermelons, $5@15
per 100. ¦ - - ' w
PEACHES— 20@3Cc per box: Peaches in car
riers. 25@50c; Mountain Peaches, 25@3Cc per
box. ,
NECTARINES— Red. 73c per box for cold
storage.
POMEGRANATES-40@73c per box for small
and $1@1 25 for large boxes. ,
PEARS— Bartletts. $1 25®1 50 per box; Winter
Pears, 25@7ic per box.
QUINCES— 35@50c per box\
STRAWBERRIES— $5@6 per chest for Long
worths and $3@5 for large beiries.
BLACKBERRIES per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $S@7 per chest.
HUCKLEEERRIES-7@8c per lb.
FIGS— Black. 40@85c for double layer boxes;
White. 25@75c.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 35@65c for ordinary.
CRABAPPLES— 50c@}1 per box.
PLUMS— 40@60c' per bos; Prunes, 50@75o per
crate.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Fancy Lemons are in lighter supply, but
there ..are plenty of lower grade goods on
hand. . Oranges are doing rather better, stocks
being, lighter. '
Melons continue quiet, with free supplies.
There are fewer Peaches and fresh Plums on
the market, and both are stsady. Pomegran
ates are dragging. Quinces are also slow.
The' rain has cut down the receipts of Grapes
and they are doing better. Wine Grapes arc
advancing, both hero and in the country, and
the rain 13 reported to have done more or lesa
damage in "several sections.'
Deciduous and Citrus Fruiti
Portland's \ Business.
PORTLAND, Sept. 24.— CTearinss, $435,013;
balances, $84,053. ' '. .
'Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Sept. 24.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 51@54%c; blue stem, 55%c; valley, C5c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 24.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
blue stem, 65c; club, 54c. ;*.: - •
No. 1 Standard California. 5s 10%d@ 5s lid;
wheat in Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady:
French country markets, dull; weather In Eng
land, overcast. ¦¦•. ¦ -
COTTON— Uplands, 4 19-32d. •
WHEAT— Spot. dull. No-, 2 red Western win
ter, 5s 6d; No. 1 Northern strong, ¦ 5s 7%d; No.
1 California. 5s 5%d; futures, quiet; December,
5s 7%d:. March, 5s 9%d.
CORN— Spot, firm. American mixed, new,
6s 2d; futures, steady; October, 63 %d; Novem
ber. 5s. %d; December. 5s %d. . |
October ............ 9 92% 9 97% .9 85 9 93
January,- :y...';-...V. 9 52% '9 55 9 62V- : 9 55 ' .
May 9 55 3 57' 9 52% -9 55 .
• Short* Ribs, per. 100 lbs— • ' ¦
September.. ',• . •••• ....¦: 8 97%
October .......;..'. 8 97V 2 '8 97% S 93 8 S3
January ........-;.. 8 40 8 43. 8 40 * 8 42%
May . S50. 8 50 ' S 47% 8 47%
.- Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 ' spring ' wheat,' 66@69c; No. 3
spriiig, 71c; No.. 2 corn, 58%c; No. 2 yellow, 36%
Iff 37c; No. .2 oats. 38%@38%c; No. 2 white, 37%
@39c; fair to choice maltinff . barley, 54®60c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 59; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 60;
prime -timothy, seed, So 35; mess pork, per bbl.
$15@13 73; lard, per 100 lbs, $10@10 05; short ribs
sides (loc*0, $8 50@9 05: dry salted shoulders
(boxed). 75£@7%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$9 50@9 60;: whisky, basis of high wines, $130;
clover, contract grade, $8 50.
and 27%@29c for fair to good; store. 22@23c per
dozen; cold storage, 22@22%c; Eastern. 17@22%c.
THE* SAN FRANCISCO CALL, / .WEDNESDAY, * SEPTEMBER ;25, ';. 1901.
(jneese ana zi.uvu pounas i-.asiern <~neese. :¦¦..;
BUTTER— Creamery. 24@25c per lb for fancy
and 22%@23c for seconds; dairy, 18^22 Vic; store
Butter, 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub. 18@21c;
Pickled Roll, 19@20c; Keg, 18@19c per lb. -
CHEESE— New, ll@12c; .old,. 10%c; Young
America, 12%c per lb; Eastern, 13@13c.
' EGGS— Ranch,- 3011 34c - • for choice • to • fancy,
10
AUCTION SALESjk
£a AUCTION SALE fe
: —^at —
new arcade hc»rsb market,
327 SIXTH ST. . :- . -.
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 23. AT 11 A. M.
I will sell 25 gocd horseJ. 1-horse wagon, har-
ness, also 3 new top buggies. 3 second-hand
buggies, harness, etc.; everything must be as
repraeented or money refunded.
JOHN J DOYLE Livestock Auctioneer.
Our stables have been rebuilt, everything
new, with 130 stalls, 10 box stalls with cor-
raU attached for the accommodation mt sale
horses of every description :- also room for stor-
age of 100 buggies, wagons, etc. JOHN J.
DOYLE, successor to Sullivan & Doyle.
ATTEND THIS
£& AUCTION SALE jfs
100 German Government Horses.
All well broken, weighing from 950 to 1273 lba.
Have passed the Veterinarian's Inspection and
are suitable for all purposes. Their ages range
from 4 to 8 years. Ther« will be no reserve.
Sale takes place
TO-MORJtdW. . *':
THURSDAY.. I3EPTEMBER 28, 1301
At 11 O'clock A. M.,
OCCIDENTAL HORS13 EXCHANGE.
721 Howard st., near Third. San Francisco.
Horses at yard Wednesday.
WM. G. IAYXO. Auctioneer.
W/LLIAM BUTTEHPiBLO,
Auctioneer, Phelan building, phone Bush 513.
THIS DAY (Wednesday. Sept. 25. 1901), at 11
o'clock a. m., on the prenises, No 2227 Pact flo
avenue, near Webster, I will sell the entlr»
elegant furniture of residence.SPOKANE, 8ept. 24.— The world's rock
drilling record was smashed here to-day
by Bradshaw -and Freethey,' the Unite
team. Drilling fifteen minutes they went
through fifty-five Inches of granite. For
this they won a purse of $500.
New Bock-Drilling: Record.
The- Southern Pacific and the Pan-
American Exposition.
Last of theSouthern Pacific's great Cal
ifornia excursions . to . Buffalo, ; October. 3
and 4." Round .trip $87. The first way.'the.
shortest wav. the best way across the
continent.. .'Free ; literature 613 Market
street _ • , .. : ¦: .•• |
•Mary Rose, who says she resides at $536
Bush street and Is a respectable married
woman, attended a dance at Washington
Hall on Eddy atreef last night and ' was
Induced by James Tobln, a special police
man : there, to go \o his room with ' him
She claimed Tobin stole $9 from her while
she,was In his apartment and secured his
arrest. * ' . ,
"Mary Says She Was Bobbed.
Stanford's Tenth Anniversary.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 2k.-
Ncxt Tuesday, October £ will be the
tenth anniversary of the opening of Stan
ford University to students. All -college
work will be suspended and ther.pro-
Cfamme, Including the rereading, of the
given by Senator Stanford,
Mosldent Jordan and others on the day of
tfuenlng-, will be rendered in the Assembly
Mall. Rev. Robert Mackenzie will offer
prarer and pronounce the benediction.
Washington' asks that, to check the
present' tendency, all classes unite 'to
bring all criminals to justice and see that
each -secures a -fair 'trial,- quoting Presi
dent McKlnley's words when he was shot,
"I hope- he will be treated with fairness."
TUSKOGEE, Ala., Sept. 24.-Booker T.
Wafhington has given out a statement In
reference to the assassination of Presi
dent McKinley, in which he says:
In all sincerity . I want to ¦ aik It Czolross
alone guilty? Has not the entire nation had
a part in this greatest • crime . of th«* century?
What la anarchy but & defiance ' of law, and
has not the nation '. reaped .what it has been
sowing? According to records. 2516 persons
hav« befin lynched in. the. United States dur
ing the pant • sixteen years. There are, or have
been, enga*«d in this anarchy of .lynching
nearly 123..S00 persons. :'¦' •. ... -, ¦
Blames Entire Nation.
Los Angeles Presbytery Sleets.
LOS ANOKLES. Sept. 2C— Tho .-annual
jeanlon of- the Los Angeles Preubvterv
commenced to-night In Boyle HelehtM
Church. Rev. Henry P. Wilbur, the mod
erator, preached the opening sermon at
the close of which. a short business ses
sion was held. To-morrow morning the
Presbytery will attend tho opening ex
ercises of i Occidental < College, reassem
bling in the Boyle Heig-hts Church in the
afternoon. •. ¦ •
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Sept. 24.-E. D. Gard
ner of Harvard. 111., train watchman for
ninprUnR-'s circus, was shot and killed In
the railroad yard here early this morning
by George McDonald, deputy constable.
Gardner was quarreling with a man dis
charged some hours before. He struck
him with a club, then drew a revolver.
McDonald ordered him to put up the
weapon. Gardner pointed the revolver at
McDonald, who shot him through the
hesrt. McDonald was placed under ar
rest. He claims he acted in self-defense. . •
Train Watchman for Ringling Broth
ers Sleets Violent Death in
. Phoenix. •
DEPUTY CONSTABLE ... ~ .
KILLS CIRCUS MAN
To . Suppress. Anarchist- Press.
LONDON',* Sept. 23.-Tho Daily Tele
graph publishes ' the following from Its
Copenhagen correspondent: The anarch-
Ist f|ui-«." i was discussed by Count
LttrnsdorfT and Count von Uulow at Dant
zlc and by M.DcIcakbo and Count Lams*
dorff in France. They agreed that tho
anarchist press must be suppressed and
that concerted < action must be taken by
all civilized countries.
Licensed to Harry.
OAKLAND. S«»pt, 24.— Licenses to marry
were Issued .to-day to William-C. Thomp
son, 24 years old, Hartford, and Lauretta
M. Williams, 17, Oakland; Tlbo Rosales,
28, and Lottie Hengara.,23, both of.Liver
more: Arnold M. Lewis, 22. Alameda, and
Maggie Isabella Munce, 20. Oakland; Al
bert H. Soreneon, 31, San Francisco, and
Marie Jacobsen, 27, Alameda; Seraphlno
•8. Lemos, 23, and Mary M. Freltas, 20.
both of-Haywards; William R. Stultz, 33,
and Anna Marie Wllle,-23, both of Oak
land.- • ' . ¦ •' ,'.} : {¦•
SAN JOSE, Sept. 24.-Orlando Stevens
of this city and Colonel Cotton of Oak
land will start for New York to-morrow
to hasten the manufacture of automobiles
which have been ordered by a company
which they represent. Their order In
cludes ten. passenger buses, one large
touring machine, six dos-a-dos and six
parcel delivery wagons;
Passenger routes will be established be
twecn San JOse, Campbell and Los Oatos;
San Jose and Saratoga, and San Jose and
Alvlso Immediately upon the arrival of
the machines. On the last-named route
they have a contract for carrying the
pasnengeru of the 'Wcfltern Navigation
Company.
Company to Operate Lines of Vehicles
Connecting- With the
Suburbs.
AUfOMOBILE SERVICE
t FOR THE GARDEN CITY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 24.
The work of impaneling a Jury to try
Charles G. Adams, the slayer of Dr. John
O. Jessup of Berkeley, went slowly on In
Judge Melvln'.s court to-day. The exam
ination of the talesmen continued through
the day without ony results.
When .the court adjourned this after
noon twelve talesmen had been examined
and. passed by the attorneys engaged In
the! case. These men are A. A. do Mars L
Lemekln, William Langstaff, Peter Cook.
Joseph .Fletcher, E. E. .Wnlcott, Herman
Rathien, Wllilam Kirk, Cornelius Sulli
van, Samuel L. "Potter. Calvin B. White
and Emil Klrchoff. They aro subject to
tho r*remptory challenges of the attor
neys on either tide, and when the session
resumes to-morrow morning the entire
twelve may bo cxcuRftd. The defense was
allowed by Jurtf.e Melvln to-day to fill the
Jury box beforo availing itself of the priv
ilege cf dlbmlstflng any of tlio Jurors.
"At the rato we have been going," suld
Attorney N. A. McConaghy for the de
fenss'at the close of the afternoon ses
sion, "wo will not get a Jury for at least
thrco duys. It will be necessary before
we get through to summon a special ve
nire.' . • /.. :¦ / -,t .
The Jurors were subjected to a rigid ex
amination as to their views on insanity
and self-defense by Adams' attorneys.
Hypothetical questions based upon these
subjects figuring In the, murder for which
Adams Is Delng tried are asked, exhaust
ively of them. . ¦¦ . ¦ , . . ¦
Mian Adams was In court again and sat
by her father, who did not exhibit any
great interest In the proceedings. .
SYDNEY,. N. S. TV., Sept. 24.-The
Oceanic Steamship Company's Sonoma
left Sydney to-day for San Francisco by
way of Auckland, Apia and . Honolulu,'
carrying 500,000 sovereigns.
Treasure Coming' to This City.
GETTING JURY
TO TRY ADAMS
SAN JOSE, Sept. 24.— The trial of George
Suesser, who killed Sheriff Farley of
Monterey at Salinas In September, 1900,
began in Judge Lorigan's court to-day.
Defendant was once convicted-and-sen
tenced to hang, but obtained a. new trial
because he had been refused a change of
venue when public feeling was against
him. Most of the day was occupied In
sele-ting the Jury, which la as follows:
M. B. Call, D. M. Farr, P. Mclnns, W. P.
Squires. J. O. Owens, W. R» James, P.
Moss, J. -Bolster, S. w. Wlahaar, E.'S.
Snell, A. W. Williams, F. Carder. Dis
trict Attorney Andresen .<of Monterey
County made the opening- statement i for
the prosecution. Adjournment was.thfen
taken until to-morrow. . . v. ' -
Suesser Jury Completed.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 24.-Since his connec
tion with the municipal "electric lighting'
plant began a month ago Julius Wittich,
the new collector for the plant, has dis
covered that twenty-four persons have
been receiving light from the city without
paying for it. Former Collector Thomas
H. Thompson says that he knew of these
charity subscribers, but that he did not
consider it any concern of his to try to
collect from them. • .
Thompson was told that the new col- '
lector had discovered the names of twen- '
ty-four subscribers whose names are not
on the record books of the department
and that these people had been receiving
electric lights and currents from the city
to the amount of $270 without having
been asked to pay for it. . ' ¦
"Yes," said Thompson In explanation.
"I knew that there were a number of
people getting light but no bills because
I was never officially notified by the me
chanical department • of the plant that
they had been put in. It was, not any. of
my concern. The mechanic* of 'the de
partment aro responsible for much of the
loss that has been charged up to It: : They
did not. notify me whea they, made 1 con
nections. !',.-•;•:' . . •• \ • ¦
"I. knew of one caso where a club vjiext
to a restaurant was furnished light with
out paying for it. When I discovered this
Htate of affairs I told them to shut It off.
but tho mechanics did not do so until
seventeen months Rftorward. There was
a casft where light was supplied to a
dark room from tho wire of a private con*
Burner. I know of othor cases."
Thompson : says that when he flnailv
severs his connection with the department
he will give tho City Trustees a month to
dlncover other free consumer*, Still he
does not think It Ih his duty to 'expose
them. Tho manifold beauties of the
mismanagement of the affairs of Ala"
meda's municipal light plant are thus
coming to llsht ono by ono. ,
The spectacle of a man trying to batter
out his brains by butting his head against
a stone wall at the comer of Fourth and
Oak streets attracted the attention of a
police officer to-night. The man was ta
ken to the Receiving Hospital, where
from papers in his clothing his name was
ascertained to be C. ,H. James. In' his
pockets were found a check for $50 and
$20 in gold coin.* '
In reply to questions James would only
say that "it had to come." He is an in
ventor, single, and 46 years of age. He
was booked for insanity. Before he was
discovered he had battered his head bad
ly, and it was necessary to take several
stitches in his scalp and use bandages at
the hospital •' ' 'M
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 24.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 24.— The board of di
rectors of the California Cured Fruit As
sociation has been in session here yes
terday and to-day. There ¦ have been
several conferences with the California
Packers' Company. After a long session
to-night it was announced that the two
corporations had about reached an agree
ment for the severance of all relations.
Another .Joint meeting is to be held to
morrow/ when, It is expected, the papsrs
will be executed. No details have been
made public.
Agree to Sever Relations.
CANTON, Ohio. Sept. 24.— Friends and
relatives of Mrs 1 . McKinley have a more
substantial foundation for their hopes
this • evening; Dr. Rixey to-night added
to his usual statement that she is holding
her own doing as well as could be ex
pected the "Statement that if there is any
change" it is in the way of improvement.
"I might say," he added, "that she
seems just a little better."
To-day Mrs: McKinley showed Increased
interest in the ordinary affairs of life. Th»
morning visit to the cemetery was fol
lowed by an extended drive into the coun
try.
MES. McKINLEY IMPROVES.
discovery Made That the
City Is Victim of a
Swindle.
Inventor Found Trying
to Batter Out His
Brains.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 24.— The de
feat • of Premier Dunsmulr's supporter,
Provincial Secretary* Brown, at a bye
election in New Westminster, B. C, by an
independent candidate is : a ¦ significant
blow to the provincial government and
its. policy of a monopoly railroad system.
Probably the Dunsmuir government will
shortly be compelled to resign, many of
its Parliamentary colleagues having se
ceded and its Provincial Secretary having
lost his seat. in the Legislature, with no
chance of obtaining another. '
Dunsmuir Cabinet May Resign.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Sept. 24.— Two
White Star liners of the Atlantic service—
the Germanic and the Britannic— are to
come out en the Pacific. This announce
ment v;as made here to-day by the Can
adian Pacific authorities, in connection
with whose service the White Star liners
will run. The proposal is to place them
on the run between Sydney and Vancou
ver, the present Canadian-Australian
liners being used to make an auxiliary
service with New Zealand, Fiji and places
In the south seas. Large sugar shipments
from Queensland will be brought by the
new vessels to .Vancouver for the British
Columbia sugar refinery at this port.
The announcement is made that by the
end of ne"xt year the Canadian Pacific
service to the Orient will be increased by
one steamer of about 12,000 tons, or twice
the gross tonnage of one of the present
Empress liners.
WHITE STA;B, LINERS
TO COURSE PACIFIC
OMAHA, Sept. 24.-Chlef Engineer Ber
ry of tho Union Pacific has. reported . ad
versely on the proposition to build a cut
off across Salt Lake from Ogden to Lucln.
Tho Southern Pacific had made such
plans prior to Its absprptlon by the Har
riman syndicate, but since then further
investigation - of. the survey has been
made and some of- the dangerous features
of tho route developed. One of the great
est of these is the fact' that the Great
Salt Lake water level changes every few
years, and it is feared this would necessi
tate the building of an embankment to
protect the tracks.
Cut Off Will Not Be Built.
"I think other cities .will follow our ex
ample. If they had a law and order league
in San Francisco you could hear a pin
"and to protect, wherever necessary, all
men who want to work in this country.
We will not confine ourselves to the ut
terances of certain men, but we will do
all we can to discountenance the utter
ances of the anarchistic press. If a man
in this city dares to open his mouth
against the dead or the living President
he will be reminded ¦ of the offense so
forcibly that he will not dare to repeat
his talk within the hearing of decent citi
zens ajaln. •
League Needed in San Francisco.
RECEIVE LIGHT
WITHOUT PAYING
drop on the water front to-day and you
would never have heard these stories of
maimed and murdered men. The Idea of
a man in this free country having to ask
a lot of foreigners for a permit to work
or to walk along the water front, as
seems to be necessary in San -Francisco!
inla is a free country."
The league will be organized along the
lines of the citizens' committee, which
was such a strong instrument for the
suppression of violence In thia city dur
ing the great railroad strike in- 1891.
Every one . of the 300 members of that
committee was armed with a pine club
and so well drilled that he was as effect
ive as the regular police officer of the city.
TWO OF. THE MEN WHO ARE HEADING MOVEMENT IN ALAMEDA
TO FORM AN ARMED BODY OF CITIZENS FOR THE PURPOSE OF
SUPPRESSING ANARCHY AND VIOLENCE. '
SEATTLE. Sept. 21.— Professor Miller
and W. C. Boyd, who have just returned
to Juneau from Cross Sound, tell a story
that -would indicate that the Indians of
Alaska need a little disciplining. These
gentlemen declare that the Alaska Indians
are as ferocious and bloodthirsty as the
Sioux ever were," and are held In check
only by fear.
Messrs. Miller and Boyd were working
several miles from their tent. One day,
on returning to camp, they found : that
the Indians had sot fire to their belong
ings, and their tent and "contents were
almost destroyed; The only thing that
saved them from suffering the pangs* of
hunger was that a part of their stores
had been cached some distance away from
the tent. These were saved. By sewing
together pieces, of burned blankets and
an old piece of sail cloth they got enough
bedding to protect them partly from the
cold and rain, and with the supplies from
the cache they finally made the homo
journey.
ALASKAN INDIANS BURN
CAMP OF WHITE MEiT
NORTH BAY, Ontario, Sept. 24.— The
Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York
resumed their tour west through Canada
to-day. Their next halt of any length
will be made at Winnipeg on Thursday,
after a continuous run of six hours from
the capital.
The departure from Ottawa was maae
the occasion of another popular display of
enthusiasm. The people filled the avenues
between Rideau Hall and Elgin-street
station and gave the party a parting
cheer.- At the depot, a large guard of
honor was^osted and the extended lines
of troops reached several blocks up Elgin
i; Several members of the Dominion Cabi
net, the Mayor in the robes of office and
many prominent citizens gathered at the
depot to bid farewell. The special train
of the ducal party was again preceded by
a pilot special, on which went the Count
ess of Minto. wife of the Governor Gen
eral; Premier Laurier and a large party
that Is to accompany the Duke and Duch
ess to the Pacific Coast. The pilot special
pulled away at noon and the ducal train
half an hour later.
Duke of Cornwall and York Carefully
Guarded Against Accident on
i the Railroad.
RING EDWARD'S SON
COMING WESTWARD
•morrow will s^y: John W. Gates has sig
nalized his return from Europe by launch
ing' a new railroad system. Its announce
ment to-day brought surprfse and con
sternation to the bij? trunk lines that run
from Chicago to Kansas City.-
Oates and his associates have been
quietly corrallng the securities of four
bankrupt roads, each independent, but so
Fituated as to make a continuous line
from West Quincy.' on the Mississippi
River, to Kansas City, on the Missouri
River, and to Council Bluffs. • The con
summation of the new system has been
effected in the acceptance of the scheme
by an overwhelming majority of the Kan
sas City and Northern connecting lines.
The four roads that enter into the new
Gates project are the Quincy-Kansas City
Railroad, 123 miles in length, from West
Quincy to Trenton, Mo.; the Omaha, Kan
sas City and Eastern Railroad, 36 miles
lontr. -from Trenton to Pattenburg; the
]|ansas City and Northern connecting
lailroad, SI miles, from Pattenburg to
Kansas City, and the Omaha and St.
Louin Railroad, from Pattenburg to Coun
cil Bluffs.
The four roads comprise a connecting
and continuous Fyetrm of ZOO miles and
traverse thft territory pf the Burlington.
Alton and fianta Fe roads. When the. deal
Is perfected the big systems will be com
pelled to buy peace and profit at tho
terms offered by Gates and his men. : .-
CHICAGO. Sept. 24.-The Chronicle to-
GATES LAUNCHES
NEW BAIL WAY SYSTEM
Oregon: Original — William Hannegan,
Oervaise. t€; Alfred Wilson, Salem. $8.
Washington: Original— William A. Tip
son, Seattle, 56. . '
Patents were issued to-day as follows;
California— Lynchbury .Adams, Santa
Rosa, reversible ratchet; Willard F.
Barnes, Klaraathoh. • crosscut gang saw;
Charles Bishop, San Francisco, reducing
iurnace; Ernest E. Burson, Los Angeles,
urinal screen; Harrison O. Chase. San
Francisco, molding' and hook; Benjamin
R. Davisson, Duarte. p5pe mold; Benjamin
F. Ellis, Berkeley, tank; Samuel L. Fos
ter, assignor to Market Street Railway
Company. San Francisco, electrical block
signal system; Samuel • M. .• Fulton, as
signor one-half to A. T. Ames, Gait, valve
pistol; Jcrhn Hoe>v San Francisco, bed
bottom and upholstery supports; Dayet F.
Leahy, San Francisco, nozzle; Joseph Mc-
Boyle. Oakland, hose nozzle; August H.
Schierholz, assignor to Risdon Iron and
Vicomotive Works. San Francisco, porta
ge sugar cane elevator or loader; Ira
Silvis, Grafton*: cartridge priming- or de-
Iiriraing apparatus: Frank X. Spear, Los
Angeles, treating lime; John L. Watson,
Lcs Angeles, diving apparatus.
Oregon— Avison F. Haynes, Dufur, hay
nr grain unloader or stacker; Charlotte
E. Push. Oakvill*. table.
Washington—^Albert A. Honey, Tacoma,
electro-magnetic traction increasing ap
paratus: same, electro-magnetic brake;
Eldora B. Siskron, Seattle, flour sifter.
These pensions were granted:
California: Original — Wesley H. Cook,
Veterans' Home, Xapa, $12; Samuel S.
Summers, Oak Run, $b. War with Spain-
Fred Li, Jenkins, San Francisco, ¦ 53. Wid
ows—Mary J. Reber, San Francisco, $8.
Appointed: California— L. A. Sprague,
Clarksville, El Dorado County, vice L.. A.
Morrison, resigned; a. C Lucas, Howard
Summit, L,os Ang-eles, vice W. A. Bur
rows, resigned; F. C. Clark, Monroe,
Mendocino County, vice J. F. Carney, re
signed; S. E. Forks, Rackerby, Yuba
County, vice Ruth Rackerby. resigned.
Washington — J. W. King:, Asotin, Asotin
County, vice Nicholas Ansman, deceased.
"WASHINGTON. Sept. 24.— The Post
office Department to-day issued the fol
lowing:
Postmasters commissioned: California—
Edgar Durrian, Laurel Dell.
Oregon— Hiram W. White, Anldam.
Washington— Nettle Finnell, Des Molnes.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
8nd More New- Pensions
Issued.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
ASSAILS A WALL
WITH HIS HEAD
"We propose to stop a 'lot of this an
archistic talk that has been going
around," said Colonel Wheeler to-day,
As a result of this attack upon the in
cendiary, Harter, the men engaged in it
and others determined to more effectively
organize. Several preliminary confer
ences have been held, and before the week
is over a general meeting of citizens will
take place. The men at the head of the
movement are Colonel Roswell G.
"Wheeler, Charles F. Fletter, D. W. Mar
tin, John A. Buchannan, Alonzo Bray,
David Hirschfeld,- H. R. Taylor, F. O.
Schuman and J. A. Collins.
Preliminary Conferences Held.
The idea of & law and order league is
the outgrowth of the disrespectful lan
guage toward the late President by an
avowed anarchist named Harter, living
at the western end of the city. Harter
declared to Colonel Roswell G. Wheeler,
former City Treasurer, that President Me-
Kinley was responsible for the killing of
the strikers at Coeur d'Alene and referred
to him as a murderer. It was proposed
by several men who overheard the con
versation to run the man out of town,
but when a committee of angry citizens
called at Harter's house they found that
he had fled.
of this city are preparing to or
ganize a law and order league for the sup
pression of all Incendiary utterances and
violent attacks upon the men who are
trying to make the wheels of Industry go
around. The .'men who are back of this
proposed organization expect that their
example will be followed by the citizens
In other places, and that It will have a
wholesome effect in reducing the disturb
ances that prevail in the State.
ALAMEDA. Sept.' 24.— Stirred to
energy by the recent movements
in the direction of anarchy, the
patriotic and peace-loving citizens
This. was agreed to to-night by the full
committee and will be offered to the
Cereal Growers' Convention, which will
meet In the 'Assembly chamber 'of the
State Capitol at 1 o'clock to-morrow
afternoon. There may bo a sharp debate
over the Port Costa trouble, though an
effort will be made to prevent discussion
of that subject.
It Is agreed that the admission or earnest fee
shall be $¦"•. paid on signing this agreement,
and a membership and dues fee of $5 to be
paid or demand of any authorized' agent of the
directors.
And to transact and do said business upon
tho co-operative plan aa described and providetl
in title XX of the Civil Code of the State of.
California.
All of the profits to be divided among the
members according to the amount in the mar
ket value realized of the products furnished to
the a.'K ¦elation by each member bears to th*
total amount of product furnished and sold in
the same given time by all the members of the,
association.
And to transact any and all the business
necessary to carry into effect any and all of
the aforementioned purposes.
And to divide the profits accruing upon the
transacting of saM business aa follows: . •
To perform all the duties and functions of
agents, factors and brokers of and for cor
porations and associations, as well as . for in
dividuals. , ¦ . - -
- To invest a portion of its funds in and ac
quire, buy and sell bonds, stocks, membership
shares and interests in corporations and other
co-operative associations and corporations.
To own, sell, rent, lease and mortgage all
and any kind of real and personal property,
rights ana franchises.
To own, construct, build, charter, hire, rent,
lease and operate boats and any and all' other
means of transportation, landings, warehouses,
depots and other buildings. ' >
To borrow money and to. give any and all
evidences of debt therefor and j any and all
kinds of , security therefor to the same . pur
pose and extent as a natural person.
To take charge of and carry on as agent,
factor, broker, assignee or otherwise ail opera
tions in the raising, producing, transporting,
vending, hypothecating and caring for of cropa,
grain and any farm products.
To do a manufacturing, shipping, transporta
tion and carrying business.
To explore and encourage a market for all
the products o( the farm.
We. the undersigned, do each agree, one with
the ether, to take one membership share and
assist in organizing a co-operative* Cereal
Growers' Association, to be incorporated under
the law providing for the incorporation, opera
tion and management of co-operative associa
tions; /said company to be known as the
Cereal Growers' Association and whose pur
poses of business shall be to handle, buy, sell,
store, market and otherwise dispose of grain,
hay and all kinds of farm and ranch produce.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 21— Following Is
the proposed contract formulated by ' the
committee on organization for the estab
lishment of the Cereal Growers' Associa
tion of California:
Under ordinary circumstances the Act
ing Secretary would refuse to consider
this method of securing Miss Stone's re?
lease and would demand th4j- the Bul
garian Government take action for her
rescue. This is not an ordinary circum
stance, however, and the department
officials fear that to pursue the usual
procedure would be to subject Miss Stone
to possible outrage and death. The rela
tives of Miss Stone will therefore be
asked to indicate the amount of money
they can afford to pay.
. It is possible that the department may
find an appropriation out of which funds
can be expended for this purpose, but
thi? is a remote possibility and the offi
cials say that as promptness is indis
pensable it will be wise for the woman s
relatives and friends to lose no time in
Etating what they propose to do.
When Miss Stone is released then the
State Department proposes to act. The
attention of the Turkish and Bulgarian
governments will be called to the outrage
perpetrated upon an American citizen.
They will be requested to see that the
brigands be immediately arrested and
punished. Claims for . indemnity will
also be submitted and pressed, so that
Miss Stone's relatives will probably be
reimbursed for any money they may ex
pend in effecting her release and the
young lady herself will be indemnified
for her sufferings.
LONDON, Sept. 25.— "Turkish troops,"
savs a dispatch to the Daily Telegraph
frcm Constantinople, "rushed the village
where it was supposed the brigands held
LIlss Ellen Stone, the abducted American
missionary, but they found it empty, the
brigands having gone into Bulgaria with
their captive."
Mr. Dickinson added that he had been
advised that the brigands were prepared
to release Miss Stone upon payment of
a ransom and they were awaiting a prop
osition from her relatives. The State De
partment Is trying to communicate with
the young woman's relatives to ascertain
what they are willing to give for her
liberation. •
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Sept. 21.— Miss Ellen
H. Stone, an American missionary, who
was seized by brigands in Turkey, has
been conveyed by her captors to their
place of refuge in Bulgaria. Mr. Hill,
Acting Secretary of State, received a
dispatch to-day from, the United States
Consul General at Constantinople report
ing this fact
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2*.-The Republican
convention to-night named the following
ticket by acclamation: Seth Low, presi
dent of Columbia College, for Mayor; Ed
mund ML Grout of Brooklyn, for Control
ler; Charles V. Forces of New York, for
President of the Board of Aldermen.
The platform adopted arraigns Tam
many Hall as "a band of conspirators
against the public welfare" and *s "an
organization devoted to public plunder."
it charges the administration or the po-,
lice department with "buying and selling
£« ense to bre ak the law." and the ma
chinery designated for the administration
ox justice as "being employed to promote
£t atld P rotec t criminals."
The platform pledges the candidates to
do away with "the blackmail Iniquity."
It further says the election of the ticket
¦vnn pot mean blue law government, "but
t?e largest measure of personal liberty
cfrisistent with public decency and the
n»aintenance of public order."
"In© convention was attended by nearlv
ell tho leaders of the Republican party.
¦L£euenant Governor Woodruff was the
chairman, and prominent among the dele
ea : t 1 3 were Cornelius Vanderbilt, Fred
erick S. Gibbs, Robert C. Morris, Jacob
Brenner and F. Norton Goddard. On tak
the Woodruff eaid that whiie
1 artisansnip was proper in State and na
tional politics, in the government of the
municipality, which comes close home to
the individual and there democratic in
terests which party principles do not af
iect. non-partisanship shouid be the dom
inant idea. He also bitterly attacked the
present police administration.
The City Convention of th'e Citizens'
1 nion, which v.-as adjourned last April
after organization had been perfected and
a r>latform adopted for the purpose of per
mitting a union to be arranged between all
ol the anti-Tammany organizations, and
candidates to be Agreed upon at confer
ences of representatives from all the or
ganizations opposed to Tammany Hall, re
«25 vcned . In c °cper Union to-night. Over
•-.003 people were in the hall and hundreds
surrounded the doors outside. The Bird
h. coler men were plentiful, but Just after
the convention was called to order it was
announced as coming from Coler that he
¦would not allow his name to be used as a
candidate for Mayor.
F Fulton Cutting presented the report
of tne committee of 1U0, which named
Seth Low, Grout and Fornes as the con
vention's ticket. There was much confu
sion at this point and Mr. Coler's friends
made themselves heard, but the report
rres finally unanimously adopted and
aiesprs. Low. Grout and Fornes made the
candidates of the Citizens' Union.
Provides That All Producers
of Cereals Pool Their
Interests,
Money Probably Will Be Paid
for the Captive's
Release. •
Tammany Declared to Exist
Chiefly for Public
Plunder.
Columbia College Presir
dent Heads Repub
lican Ticket.
Brigands in
Hold American Mis-
sionary.
Organization Committee
Formulates Co-oper
ative Scheme.
PLAN FOR WHEAT
GROWERS' UNION
RUSSIANS SEIZE
SEALING VESSEL
Cruiser . Captures Craft
Owned, by American
Company.
Takes the Josephine Within
the Three-Mile Limit of
* Copper Islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, Sept. 34.— The sealing '
schjooner Vera, which returned this-after
noan from Copper Islands vrith a catch of
635 skins, brings news of the seizure of
the sealing schooner Josephine, owned by
Americans and sailed out of Japan under
the Japanese flag. News of the seizure
¦was given to the captain of the Vera at
Attu by the* Japanese schooner Siefo
Maru, which called there on July 14 for
water and provisions.' The Josephine is
said* to have been within the three-mile
limit off Copper Islands when captured
by a Russian cruiser.
The Vera took one skin off Copper Isl
lands which had the brand of the machine
on the Pribilofs, showing that the seal
raust have migrated from Bering Sea.
The crew of the schooner City of San
Diego, which has also arrived from Cop
per Islands with 103S skins, reports that,
the Japanese schooner Henry Dennis wast
spoken In Japan S«a, bound homeward,
¦with a catch of 625 skins on board.
SOUTHERN- CALIFORNIA; 3Y
METHODIST CONFERENCE
Delegates Gather r.t a Reception la
* Honor of Bishop
• llcCabe. .
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 24.— The annual
| Methodist Episcopal Conference of Souths
ern California began this evening with i.
reception at the First Methodist Church
In honor of Bishop C. C. McCabe. Ad
dresses of welcome were made by Rev
John L. Pitner and Frank M. Potter ami
responses by Bishop ! McCabe and Rev/
William Stevenson. "The meeting wan
puraly a" social one. The real work ol*
.the conference will begin to-morrow*
morning. -' -. -¦
At a menting of trustees of the Uni
versity of Southern California, th« Meth
odist educational Institute of this section,
it was -ascertained that $100,000. for which
the trustees, have been working, has been
obtained, with a small amount in excesis
of that sum. One of the most Important
subjects to come before the conference
will, be the endowment fund and the gen
eral condition of the university.
tfTANFOBiyS PRESIDENT
, AN" HONORARY FKSSHMAlf
Elected, to- Fill a Mythical Office la
the TJnivcrsity'n Youngster
Class.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 24.—
The ¦ ireshman class had even a little
harde* time than usual in attempting: to
effect an organization this afternoon.
About f.fty freshmen met in the old chapel
at lito o'clock, and nearly. all the remain
ing members of the student body congre
gated Vo watch proceedings. The freshmen
—several in number — who attempted at
different times to preside over the meet
ing, were met by a volley of Jeers and
"books trom the sophomores and upptr
class miin.
The unsuspecting '05 youngsters wer«
Induced to make President Jordan and
several members of the faculty honorary
members of the class of 1905, to fill va
rious mythical offices and to do various
other nonsensical things for 'the amuse
ment of thve .spectators. As none of the ob
jects for wtich the meeting was called
were accomplished it is probable that the
freshmen wifl try again later in the week.
looses Laurels Through. Accident.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21— An accident Ju3t
when victory seemed to bo within his
grasp put Lester. Wilson of Pittsburpr
hors de combat in. the last few laps of
the fifteen-mite professional race on the
indoor bicycle » track at Madison Square
Garden to-nighrt. Klghteen men started.
In the first fllve miles half of these
dropped out. Wilson stole a march on
the others had .^ajned a lap. He held his
lead up to withfri haJf a mile of the fin
ish. Then Wilson's wheel slipped and
rider and bicycles slid down the embank
ment. Kramer jnmped into the lead ami
won the race by a good length from
Freeman of Portland, Ore. Time, 36:59 1-a.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
NE"W YORK, Seipt. 2t— Rear Admiral
Sampson, questioned to-day at Fort Ham
ilton, said that he did not know whether
he would be a witness at the Schley in
vestigation, but that he would go if sum
moned. The admiral said his health w«s
much improved. Lieutenant • Scott, with
whom he is stopping, said the admiral
would remain at the fort for an indefinite
period. ¦ .-
Mrs. Mary A. Kirkland.
POMONA, Sept. 31.— Mrs. Mary A.
Kirkland. an old resident here and one
of the first women to engage in the real
estate business in Southern California,
died to-day. Mrs. Kirkland opened an
office in Pomona for the sale of real
estate in the early boom times and suc
cessfully carried through a number of
important deals, doing: a large bustr ess
until ill health compelled her to retire.
Professor Tames H. Elwood.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 24.— Professor James
H. Elwood, the pioneer musical instructor
of San Jose and for many years a mem
ber of the . Normal ' School faculty, died
this morning, aged 58 years.
Moses T. lilies.
CHICAGO, Sept 24.— Motes T. Miles, ono
of the best-known men in the Iron ami
steel trades of the West, died here to-day
from the effects of an apoplectic stroke.
LOW IS NAMED
FOR MAYORALTY
PROJECTING LAW AND ORDER LEAGUE
TO STIFLE ANARGHY AND VIOLENCE
Patriotic and Peace-loving Citizens of Alameda Meet Preliminary
.to Forming, an Organization to Deal With Incendiaries, and
Those Who Would Use Brute Force Against Honest Toilers
WOMAN HELD
FOR A RANSOM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1901.;
11
CAbL ATLAS IS
BEST OFFERED
ON THE COAST
The CAXL Premium Atlas
is the very best Atlas offered
newspaper readers. We invite
comparison with any other
Atlas now offered on this
coast.
This fine Atlas is offered to
CALL readers at the ex-
tremely low price of $1.50.
All new six months sub-
scribers to The CALL are enti-
tled to the Atlas at the pre-
mium rate of 81.50.
g^^f^^r-^— Fels-Naptha
Fels-Naptha " soap needs no I .
I argument with the woman who j: '\
;ji uses it according to the simple !
I . directions. She finds that with
no boiling and but little rub-
• bing, in half. the time with half
the work, the clothes come out
•' whiter and sweeter than ever she'
I] saw before. Not half the wear
either. Actual fact, or money
: . returned by your grocer.
/'''* C .°- Oray, Lanjf & Tstroh (Inc.). 1 .
,; ; Philadelphia San Francisco.THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, .SEPTEMBER 25, 1901.
12
HELP WAXTEI)— ¦ ,M Al.E— Con._^
A-MURRA Y A RE AD Y?T- .... Phone Main 581S
: ...Leading Employment and Labor Agents,..
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY......
FREE FARE FREE FREE FAHK
FREE FAIIE......FREE FAIU... ......
60 toamstors....\.....UkUh... free fare
M laborers ...../......UWah .....Free fare
60 men for steel, hallaat «nd extra gangs.
!¦";!. '.Santa fe co.'s'owN wbiuc! !!!!!!.
HTOCKTON MRKCED vF'I^SXj
HAKEHSFIELD AND OTHER DIVIS1 tj.Vfl
Carload of laborers, no experience rpqulred.
FREE FAKE SHIP TO-DAY
'. MISCELLANEOUS ;••
BlBcksmlth. camp, ,b3c fare *^J
Can solderer and run capping machine..., »W
8 carpenter*, $32 and $-10 and found; wet
borer; cooper, alnck wor'*; wlnemnker. tic.',
£5 fnrm and orchard hands $28 and $-o
Butter maker and milker.. :i*"££l_2
7 milkers. 9.chor«rnen and! boy;. «««•! h J"Vf r ,!
and stablemen, $«0. V»0 *n& W »"<« '° u n *\
man to drive ore cart for a mine, $30 ana
!?. U ". d .' LABORERS ..:
(No experience required) ....
10 laborers, no experience required, near city.
$34 and found, steady Job; t» snovelers, 30c
fare, $60; 10 laborers, no experience required,
mine* $30 and found; 15 muckers. $7a; 2.
laborers, different gold and silver mines 140
to $60 and found; 5 single hand miners, drill
and hammersmen, $60 "W""\l
5 more laborers, no experience required, salt
works, Nevada. $2 25 day, see boss here;
150 laborers, city and country, no experience
required, $1 75 to $4 day.. ...... y •
BEANS ....' ..~7. BEANS
Look here— Men and boys
No experience necessary
20 men and strong boys to work in beans,
pulling, threshing, etc., $1 25 to $1 50 day and
' found; anybody will eult.
i7i HOTELS
7 cooks country: 3 ranch cooka, email places;
baker's helper, $25; 6 waiters, country hotels;
cake baker, $14 week; second baker, countr>,
$14 week; porters and kitchen help. etc.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— SPECIAL— WOODCHOPI'ERS Fare paid
See Boss Here To-Day
25 men to cut 4-ft. pine and oak wood for a
mine, $1 40 to $1 75 cord, tools and piovisions
furnished, fare paid, see boss here 15 a. m. to-
' day; 10 wopdehoppers, mining company,
n»rth. $1 50vrord
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
MARINE firemen, lumber stevedores, sailors;
non-union; no office fees. Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau. 410 Kearny st.. room 2t.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' international Union-
Free employment. 927 Market at., room 207.
I. LESS, secretary: telephone Jessie 1178.
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATELY.
Carpenters. .
Experienced Plledriver Hands.
Experienced Raftsmen,
For work in this city at China Basin, Potrero
and for various Jobs along the water front.
Also for work at Mare Island and Hunters
Point drydocks.
Steady work at regular wages.
Wo are utartlng new Jobs dally, and wilt
put on all competent men applying at once.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS' EM-
PLOYERS' ASSN.,
4 California St.. room 13.
r * ¦ ZZZI
1000 MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers; steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association, 209 Examiner
building. Good board on vessel and trans-
portation night and morning provided.
WANTEI>-Industrlous men; best opportunity
to engage in a legitimate and profitable busi-
ness, which will net from $25 to $30 a week
without canvassing or soliciting; we have the
best money-making proposition of the age;
• previous experience unnecessary; we start you
in business; no sureties or capital required;
If you mean business send 30c for eamples and
particulars; money returned if proposition is
accepted. Address DAVIS. SULLIVAN _
CO., Milwaukee, Wls.
WANTED— A competent and reliable salesman
and delivery clerk familiar with the liquor
and grocery business; applicants state hb>,
nationality, experience and references of for-
mer employers; good wage* In prospect for the
right party. Addreaa "J.," P. O. box 520,
8acramcnto,
CORRESPONDENCE Institute of America.
Kcrnnton. Pa., teachoa bookkeeping;, Illimtrnt-
ln«, Journalism, adwrltlnc or stenography by
mail; tuition payable 60 dajo after position Is
secured ; atnte course In which Inftrested.
WANTED-^Younn man. is to 2t yeanTof n«r<*|
who. la good at flsurea. Apply at IIALIS
nitOH., before 11 a. m.
WANTED— Young man who Is nn experienced
wrapper. 'Apply nt HALE BROS., before
U a; m.
WANTED— First-claim experienced drivers and
helpera for furniture wiiKons; must hav«
highest reference*. Apply JOHN MtEUNEft
CO., 857-8H Market at.
WANTED— Man who Is competent to take
charge of chlnaware and household supply
department; state age, experience and. salary
expected. Hox 883, Cnll office.
WANTED — Young man with a little cash as
partner who Is' able to play violin or guitar;
road proposition. L. W. B., box 782, Call.
WANTED— Young man, stenographer, type-
writer? must be experienced, for wholesale
house; references required. Address box 870,
Call office. .
WANTED— Steady, sober man with $75 for a
plain every day. business; will pay $12 to $15
per week; experience not required; place per-
manent. Apply 78 Third st.. room 2.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, porters, dlshwash-
era and vegetablemen; also exDerlenced res-
taurant steward; no fee. 1:27 Mason st.
AN experienced bill clerk. In wholesale grocery:
grammar achcol education and good penman-
ship required. Box 880, Call office.
OFFICE errand boy to-day, I o'clock; refer-
ences. H. K. STARKWEATHER CO.. 310
California st.
MAN and wife for a private place In country;
3 In family; wages $35; call Wednesday. 621
O'Farrell st.
WANTEtv—An experienced clnthiner packer In
wholesale clothing houae. Address box 617.
Call office, , \ .., . i
WANTED— Cash bay» at RArHAEL'B.
WANTED—Flrst-elap* operators on Indies'
cloftkw, R. M, DAVIDSON & CO.. M Fl rut.
BUKHKLMAN wanted nt enert * IIRNilY*
HILP. 109 Uatterv nt. ¦
WANTKlv- Dry goods snlenman on commlMlon;
rlty t"")"- N°* 871. ChII ol'fte*.
ERRAND h(\y for printing olfke. ICO Call for-
nla at., room 21.
FmSTTcLArtH ladlea* tailors i steady petition.
KnAr*tEIV». SOJjjanaome H,
BTRONO'hey 18 to IS to drive light d«)lv#ry
wagon; iff per week. rtiKin-Ui <« CO.. 141 1st.
COATMAKKn and bushetman.for country. Ad-
ply KEISS tmojj. fe CO., Z\ ftutter at.
FUK, nailer; preferred with little experience
in cutting. PACKERT, 31s I^eavenworth st.
BUSHELMAN wanted ftt 533 Post st
wj J^ , — .... t ¦ - -
WANTED— Boy. about '16 or 18 for wholesale
houifte, ..Address, stating agt. bo* SSI. Call.
WANTEDh-A ". pood coatmaker; work Inside;
good wages. , 225V4 Montgomery ave..
WANTED-'-Steady shoemakers on repairs at
, once. 749 Miasicn st.
WANTED— 2 «good. bench hands. Planing mill
corner Market and Dolores iits. .. .
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. . 1st , and 2d sts......
WANTED— Additional millwrights f Ion Floris-
' ton; steady, work. Call 707, Front st. ¦• . * .
WANTED-^A vegetable man nt 810 Kearny. st.
WANTED-Smart boy. . about IS, ' to'-'-belD
around. paint shop. 79 Third st.~-;s . -, ;*•
BUTCHER boy wanted. , . Appjy .1103 "Scott st
:_ncar.Turk. •- ..'•¦,- ,-,.>•..-, --is: '-,-'<
;WANTEI>-Boy to run electrl c ' elevator. Ad-
dress L. C.. box 618.-.CaU.pfllce.';'7'r> v'< . •
I TAILOR ' wanted,' -.fine coats; steady
work: high wages.~.*533 Natoma st- .'." " .- -
WANTED-^A; young . tinsmith .-helper or a boy
134 Sutter st.. third floor. '¦-,.¦¦>¦<
COOK, wanted. ' 217> Sixth St.; call i ear ly.v^-ri
| FIRST-CLASS bootblack for~barber ,' shop. 60
DISHWASHER wanted. 153 Third st. '
PIPfc-FITTERS and ' helpers ' wanted. ; S7 : Mar-
WANTED-Dlshwasher.-At 12H Seventh st. ¦'
WANTED— A good second-hand baker. BIED-
ERMAN BROS.. 2209 Flllmore' st. V " . .
BOOTBLACK '. 1905 . Fj.llmore.8t.
GOOD steady waiter' at . 1201 ; Fillmore st.' cor-
ner.-.Turk.. ; . . . -.>¦,,.-:...,.-.•.-,•..
BARBEai shop for sale . cheap. . 217 Fourth st
UOItS— S A>U \VAUO.>>).
H.^BlRAiiVEiisi^i^'&^O^hiMlnmovtA'tnm
(31 Mission st. to 819 Folaom at., with an as-
sortment of eale horses; also livery and
boarding; new boarders scllctted; brick stabla
to let for 20 horses.
40 HOUSES for Kale; also wagons, buevtes.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horsa Marktt.
$27 Sixth St.; auction sale* avery Wednesday.
BULL! VAN A DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
130 HEAD stock horses for"aale. A, M. 8COTT
& CO.. 85 Pore at,, 8 F.
ONR black road tram*, ona earrtas* team, on*
fa»t road teom. 721 Howarrt »t.
A UAROAIN In good carrlaB#, saddle, buitn«*a
>hd road horiea. DAUMV.L. «05 Q. O, ave. .
FOU aale— Fair ot stylish <UppU iray earn*,*
hor»«»; French stock. Oot. <*, Call offlo
CIIBAl'— New panel body delivery, I laundry. I
baker's. I »hw. 1 vroeery w.i b >nn, KS Itarriiwn.
BOYCOTT the nCUKUT* lUrnemi ani \V4«mi
Co.; he Mils too cheap. 6» Eighth st. _
FOrt iwle-Couoe and buggy; cheap. AJ?r«i*
box 6*. Call offlge.
ALL kinda ot wagons, buctglea. carts. harn««».
etc.. cheap. EOAX « IO.N, 2117 Minslon »t._
AN A No. I express wagon, atnfle: also l!«ht
_camplng wagon for aale. i:heap. Ill Mliwlon.
D13SECT1NO nubjecte wanted. 8. F. V#t.
Col., tip fl, O. ave.. Dr. E. J. Creely. dran.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to 'any addresa In the
United States or Canada one year for jl.
postage paid.
HOUSES TO LET. 7 K I
A— PRINTED list houses tiPietT^send^for clr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let— Residence. 104 Guerrero St.. near 13th:
10 rooms; sunny; high ground; garden: sani-
tary plumbing; 3 lines ot cars; rent cheap
to permanent tenant.
HOUSE to let— 7 rooma and bath. 1403 Steiner
st.. near Ellis.
19-RQOM corner residence: fine order; top man-
.-¦" teja; porcln. bath. 1363 "Wetster. cor. O'Farre'.l.
HOUSES TO LET-FUR.MSHED.
TO let— Furnished 7-room house '.on Presidio
-.Height*;, marine view; $(3. Box 1S7. CalL
-office.-- ¦ •¦ . ' '"¦ . .':••*•.
" , - HOUSES "WAIVTED.
FURNISHED house of 8 or 9 rooms in. Ala-
roeda for a year or more; j;ood location. Ad-
dress M.'W. L.. room 30/36 Geary st.
: COUNTRY HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished tiouse of 8 or 9 rooms in
Redwood City or Menlo Park or. Palo Alto
tor one month. Apply immediately to THOS.
- MAGEE. 5 Montgomery st. .-- - -
LOST AND FOUXD.
ENGLISH setter dog in: Golden Gate Park:
- white : body. • black and tan head; tag 2<C0.
: Return* to -PHIL WAND. Olympic Club;
reward. ... . ¦¦ • • • . "
LGST— Diamond monogram, letter B: $20 re-
¦: ward -for return of same. ¦ F. McGREGOR.
-"¦ : €23 .Montgomery st.. *. ¦
LOST— White pointer bitch, liver colored ears
and liver ticked body; reward. W. V. EVTVTi
' & CO.'. 610 Clay st. ' -"^T
LOST— Lady's gold watch, S-anday. 22d: lnitlafs
K.'S. Return to 438B Clementina St.; reward.
LOST— White bull terrier; yellow spot -on side
- of head. - 92$' Market st. ; reward.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... ...Tel. Grant 1S5 .
Waitress, Maryfivllle """""IiX
Waitress. Orovllle ..., :;;'!??
10 waitresses, city ./. ;..«Z0-»23
Laundress, country hotel ,,,,;......... »z»
2 chambermaids to wait; city »20 ,
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, housegirls, second slrla.nurseKlrla can
s<»cure positions by calling on ¦ • ¦
C. R. HAN8KN & CO.... 104 Geary it.
W^NTED-JJouarglrl, 2 In family. $25; nee lady
ot it a. m,; ranch cook, 133; 4 cooka, nb waah.
$35; cook, $30; second girl. $20, iame hoiiM?:
chambermaid and leamitreM, $23; 4 rurlor
mrililn and waltreaaes, »25; 7 iecond Rlrl«. 120-
$25; German cook, $33, no wn«hi 2 laundre«ge«,
$2E-$3O; lft hotel wait rep***. $20-23,' J. K.
tUtOHKTT & CO.. 318 Butter »t.
OPERATORS on overall* at Levt Strauts ft
.-Co/a factory. 82W Fremont St.: good waice»;
no experience necessary. Apply to • Mil.
, -DAVIS.
GERMAN girl or young lady for general house-
work; ono who would prefer a good home to
-large wages; call In forenoon.. 8JS Thirtieth
st., Oakland.
WANTED— Girl to assist In housework and
cooking; wages, $15. Apply after 9 a. m. 862
Hnlght Bt. ____
YOUNG girl for general housework In Amer-
ican family; wages $20. • Inquire after 9 a. m.,
712 Cole-st., between Halght and Waller.
WANTED— First-class sklrtmakers. D. M.*DA-
VIDSON _ CO.. 62 First st. ¦ .'¦_¦¦#¦
APPRENTICES to work on pants: .SELIG
BROS.. 10$ Battery st. " ;
PANTS finisher; steady work. 858 Howard St.,
bet. Fourth and Fifth, over handball court.
FINISHERS on pants; good' pay; steady work.'
SELIG BROS.; 103 Battery at. -V .
IMPROVERS on waists and skirts; also good
tailoress. 131 Post st.. room 16.
! OPERATORS on ladies' underwear; good
prices. 656 Mission St., fourth floor.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 this evening. t ¦ . ¦ •
GIRL for housework, plain washing; evenings
. off; wages $15. 1920 Sutter Bt. '
COMPETENT girl for cook and general house-
work; two In family. Box 8S4, Call office.
"WANTED— Tnlloress; steady position. ROOS
BROS., 25-37 Kearny st.
WANTED— An experienced hand for dressmak-
ing. Apply at S43 California st.
WANTED — Young girl to assist in small fam-
ily in Mission; sleep home. Box 8S2, Call.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework; wages $12;
2 In tamlly. Call forenoon, 1951 Pine st.
OPERATOR wanted on custom vest3. HENRY
HILP, 106 Battery st. '¦ ¦. '
GIRL for cooking and general housework. Ap-
ply forenoon at_2422 Clay st.
WANTED— First-class waist hands. Call at
409 Turk St., room 2.
WANTED-A first-class skirt hand. , DAN-
ZIGER, ladles' tailor, 237 Powell_st._
GIRL for general housework. 223516 Howard
street.
WANTED— Neat girl for general' housework
and plain cooking; wages $21. 1902 Webster.
WANTED— A German or Swedish girl for cook-
ing and downstairs work. , 1321 Pine st.
WAITRESS wanted. Excelsior Restaurant,
217 Sixth St., call early. ' * .
WANTED— Protestant woman for cooking.
Apply 579 Harrison St. -
WANTED— A young lady tailoress. 724ft Mar-
ket St., room 27. .
YOUNG, reliable girl to assist with house-
work ; room at home. 2052 Mission St. f
WANTED— young girl to do plain cooking and
light housework. 516 Hayes Bt.
A FIRST-CLASS initial embroiderer; steady
work; bring sample. 715 Larkin st.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee* Bhlrts, also a few bright girls about It
years of age for Instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard. Shirt Factory, cor. Gough anl
Grove cts.
YOUNG lady stenographer and typewriter; one
who has had experience and underatanda lit-
tle of bookkeeping preferred. 415 Call bldg.
WANTED— Young glrfto help ' take care of
baby; must be strong and reliable. Apply to
day, 2206 Green Bt., from 2 p. m. to 4 p. m.
HAIRDHESSING, dyeing, bleaching, masaaff*.
manicuring taught In 2 weeks for $S; employ-
¦ mer.t guaranteed. College, 143 Htockton. r. 16.
WANTED-Flrst-class talloreii on coati"! 208
Butter at. •
GERMAN woman as housekeeper. Address,
. box 788. Cnll Office. ' '
WANTED— Strong girl for housework. Apply
nfttr 9 ii, m,, 203 Valencia.
FIVE driving glove' makcm and apprentlcea.
Carson Glove Co., 25 Markot st.
WANTED— A girl for general hoiuowork; nmnll
family; wkkph 1 25; good cook._ 2518 Octavla.
GIRL to nK.x|«t In housework and take care of
liaby. 753 Eddy st.
FUR sewers and liners at J. N. LOFSTAD'fl,
14 Kearny st. ' ' ¦
GIRLH' wanted to wrap chewing gum. Apply
at 27 Main st. .
WANTED— 2 experienced waitresses; also girls
to learn waiting at table. 725 Market st. .
WANTED— Experienced salesladies, i Apply at
HALE BROS.' between 8 and 11 a. m.
WANTED— Women (or light work .on fruit.
1781 Folfom tt.
A BRANCH office 'for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia st. . . - ' *
1IEL1* \VA.\T_D — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Railroad work 7 Railroad work
Free fare ,... Free fare
S FOR 1 UKIAH'
100 teamsters J....IJ
100 laborers ii
FOR TRtJCKEE
f.o manons" helpers and laborers,, $1 75 to $2
FOR NEVADA
' 100 teamsters and laborera ,.,,{ $3
FOIl -SANTA FK SYSTEM
r.ti laborers, section work ,,,,,,,,,.,,..,,.$173
Freti fare ,..,,... Ship daily ........ Free fare
3 blacksmiths, country ahop, $3 a day,
10 laborer?, sawmill and woods,' $3 a day,
10 lumber pliers, country, $2 day,
10 taborers, pitlt work*, Nevada, $2 23.
jo woodQhnpjiera, $l 75 a corn nnd fartj nd.
vaneed,
¦fUUtfrmakcr. country, $35; milker, 130.
Mnn and wife, .country. $35,
Farmers, phoremen and others,
1IOTJSL DKY'AIITMBNT
Head laundrymnn, country hotel, $75,
Kllehpn upward, country hot.pl, 165.
Mf>nt unit pnatry conk, country hotfl, 180; fl
peeon/1 ooolte, brollera end fryers. $40 to $S0;
pyntrrmnn. restaurant, city, $40; waiter, emm-
try reitaurnnt, $35: So dlPhwnRhcri, kitchen
Mntig nnd other*, $ffl to ISO.
___J1______1 N h £9vj±"<": m P**™ gt - ,
KNOMHlt butler, $.15 and found; hotel er.ok,
rriuntry, $45 ; night took, $0 week; frv cook,
$50; rrstnumnt cooks, $S nnd $10 wmk; bed*
maker, J.I week and room; waiters, dish-
wnnherg tind nther*. J. F. CROBETT & CO.,
'628 HaemmpntOvBt. '
20 LABORERS about mlTl. $2 day. fare~nd^,
vanccd; 2 milk wagon drivers,' $30 am) $40
find found; poultryman and wife. $50: Kurd-
ener and wife, $50; choreman And wife, $35;
3 farmer* anrt wives, J40j choreman, old, man
to enre for place, $5 ami found; laundrymen,
• $3S and found: blackfimlth for sawmill,. $70;
buttcrmnker, $35 to $10 and found:' miners,
$2 B0 day; 100 laborers for mills, mines,
quarrien and other work at $2: .2. car inspect-
ors. $2 60 day: 3 machinists for country, $3 23
-day; 2 car repairers, $2 25 day: teamsters;
| drlllerB, $2 25 day and others. J. F. CKOS-
ETT & CO.,' C2S Facramento st. .
, A— W. D. EWER & CO.,..'. ..610 Clay st.
Stableman for large ranch .$30
Choreman for vineyard,- south.*.. ......... .'..$30
2 farmers for. vineyard .......$30 and fare
3 miners for south. „ $2 ff) a day
' S laborers, same mine : $2 a dav
2 farmers, near, city $26 i
¦ Buttcrmaker ard milk $35
; Old man to cook on ranch... St2
. ' "Walter, boy, fnr boat ....*21 i
Second cook for river boat '...; ....S30
; Cook for f errvboat ........JW
Mtik wagon driver ..: ....$30
! 4 lumber pliers $2 a day.
A 'MAN to make Fhirts. bo<l - linen and -rn»nrt
clothpp fcr brvs; institutlcn. near, cltv: $".>.
. -»v!th bo^rd. lodriner and laundry-' ¦'•'-W. '- D.
EWER :& CO.. 610 Clay st. • .
. AT. THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
: C9 Third Ft..' nr. Call :h!dp-.: nh-nc Bush 40."..
- . ...... .RAILROAD T-AWyRTCRS ...':...
•SANTAFE-E. R....... FRESNO -DIVT-MO^
. UKIAH .............. UKIAH
• .:............... FREE FARE ..................
- .. r O teamsters for XTkiah $2 to S2 25 per day
1 : Milker, - near r city... :.:.'. ..;.... ..$30 per month
J Pallors,.!; andr. deckhands .for .. coast. Mexlcp,
'. Honolulu.' -:' Australia' ftnd Japan..$40-per , mo.
' : 4 carpenters, ; blg. : electric company. ..:..'.;..:
¦.;¦.. .$3. to $3 50. per, day, 4 to u months* work
; 4 grape> pickers.:.:.. ....'......:...:. $1 per . ten
j ; 6 woodcltoppers. fare advanced : . $1 40 per cord
3 ANDRE'S Office,; 316 Stockton st.— ,\
Gardener ..who . underst&nds jobblnjr. . $30 ..*nd
5 found; choreman for resort.' $15: butler, $43: 2
5 \.wait«»r3,':*35:; i night -waiter; $45: l lr-lner for
s laundry. - $20: helper for ] bakery. ¦ $20; dish-
3 washer, .no, Sunday work.' $6 a week, etc., -
0 A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 1 26 Montgomery, r. 12.—
- Hotel clerk. $50; chef. $100; bellboy. $25. isj.'
2 WANTED— Bright boy about 1G years did. Ap-
-- ply S. N. WOOD & CO., 713 iJarket st. 0 ; : i
HELP WANT15P— -MALE — Con. H
WANTED-Ahle-bodlei men able to hanCi
grain, etc.: none others need apply; wagp^jj^ 1
p*r hour, board, lodging and protection i n .
eluded. Apply to WM. THOMAS, iu D»t.
tery st.
¦WANTED— Stevedores, aeamen. firemen, mxl.
pasters, cooks and w.ilt*r«; good wafr"n; . , r .
feet protection afforded on ftro&dway w,., ..»
where empioyea are boarded and |r». i-_ r «-. 4 '
steamer lying alongside; nwn worktn* f nf
the company and gl\lnx satisfaction at thi,
time will be given preference In future. ,v ; ,.
ply to Pacific Coait Steamship Company
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
TEAMSTERS— Steady work; good wages. 203
Front at. . '
____, . * •
WANTED— 10,000 active agents immediately i 0
tkke orders for "Life of William McKinley."
MemorUl edition; graphic record of :,-.»
whole illustrious careor; elaborately Illustra-
ted; sells at sight: best terms to agents:
'books on credit; samples, enabling you to
make from $3 to 512 daily, by mall post paid
FREE on application. Address Globe Blht«
Pub'g Co.. 723 Chestnut et.. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED— Recruits for the. marine corps, Xf.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not ever 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information a^ply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco. -^.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel. bruOP
and shovel men to wcrk on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co..
near Weavervtlle, Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply en
work; steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery St., room 23. San Fran-
ctsco. Cal. ,
THOROUGHLY experienced miner for superb
lntendent of quarts mine now operating:
good salary and permanent position; all ap-
plications confidential; give references and
former positions. Address box 413. Call ofnee.
WANTED— Young man to look after four
horses and grounds; will be given a gooj
home and a small salary; will have an op-
portunity to study or attend night school.
Address B. M., box 2320. Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— Boys from lf( to 20 years of age to
learn to operate sewlnc machines; good pay:
steady work; 'also experienced man to teach.
Apply at GREENEBACM, WEIL _ MICH-
ELS. 531 Mission St.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires eight
weeks; positions secured at $<"0 monthly;
special Inducements tils month; write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and! mechanics ' to know
that Ed Pwolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 130 largo
rooms; 23c per night: ii to $3 per week.
"WANTED — 200 ablebodlecl men, ex-soldiers an1
marines preferred; bring discharge papers nr
recommendations: - wages $3 per day and
bonus. Apply 325 Montgomery st.. room 10.
WANTED— Youns man —ho 1» a first-class
dress goods salesman. Apply at HALE BROS.'
before 11 a. m. '
WANTED— Experienced hands on cloak and
suit alterations. Apply at HALE BROS.' be-
fore 11 a. m.
"WANTED— House carpenters, shipwrights and
ship Joiners. Apply to the Rlsdon Ir»y__
Works. Potrero. San Francisco. r T^
100 QUARRYMEN. Apply 232 Montgomery st.
STRONG, Intelligent 'hoys, IS to 20 years old, to
learn machinist trade. CO.". Mission st.
DPIVER for bakery waaon: must have expe-
rience; good wages. Call 1205 Polk St.
WANTED-Oysterman. HI Ellis st.
FOR n.-il«> — Two-chair barber shop. 222 Cough
St., near Fell.
WANTED— Youn* man with little cash; mi
experience; $33 month; rt»taurant. OH Fourth.
OFFICE boy. $3 per week. Royal' House, l-S
E1IU st.
200 MEN to buy suits made to »»d»r. fl vr ,
week. A. n. HMITH CO.. 113 EUU «t.
WANTED— noll»rmak*r». out of city. Apply
74 Oeary St.. room 1>. from » a. tn. to > p. m,
ALL slzta men's ahoes, slightly damaged, half
price. BG3 Minion ft., bet. 1st and id ats.
BARKER shop fnr sale: good location; good
business. Box 231S. Call office. Oakland.
MeDONALD St PEHUY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for aale; COo up. 211 Third st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. TJultla. r. 40. Phelnn
big. Past com. Oeo. II. Timman Post. O. A. It.
YOUNO man to do Janitor work for tuition lit
San Francisco Barber School, 714A Howard *t.
WANTED— 500 men to b«y new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling- 20c up. 9Z3 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 2>c night; reading rooma; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2Z00 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109A
Valencia st.
_. . _ ________
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass st.. San Fran.,
EMTLO VMENT WAXTB'P-1-FE'aiAI.K.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation to do <
housework or to keep house; goon cook; *j
a week. Please address for 3 daya box 731.
Call office. ¦• ' ¦ ¦¦
DRESSMAKER, atyllBh and perfect fitter, de-
alres enKBgementa In famlllea or at home; la-
dles' tailoring a specialty. 711 Post at., near
¦ Jom-p. ¦ > - ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ .
AN English- lady of refinement to care for .
children or companion to lady; sr«n!« French i
and Spanish. R. A., 1823 Devisadero at., San
Frannlsco. . ¦ ¦ ¦
WOMAN wnnts irenornl housework and cook-
Ing, Apply nt 2222 Font at. .'
PLAIN Mwlng and mending done. 601 Leaven-
worth st.. room 8, second floor. ,
WINCHESTER Houm>, 44 Third «t,. near Mar-
ket-200 room*; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to
$0 week: convenient and respectable; iroe '
'bus and bnggage to and from ferry. •
CLASSIFIED iidvertlsementa and 'subscriptions ,
received fat Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and .
ftubscrlptlons has been established at 1096 »
Valencia st. • »
EMl'LOYMliM' WANTED — MALE.
ONE first-class French^Ttallan and 1 American
chef, for hotel or restaurant, wish situations.
" Can be seen at J. F. CROSETT & CO.'S, 628 .
Sacramento st. ' ¦ '
A THOROUGHLY capable and experlerced
poultry man wants position to manage n<od- .
em poultry plant; he is familiar with all In- -\
cubator and brooding systems; he is an ex-
pert in raising either chicks, ducks, geese or .
' other fowl; several years' apprenticeship on ,
the largest plants has made him competent
to conduct any plant; references given. Ad- •
dre68 A. LARSON, 615 Pine Bt. ]
A MIDDLE-AGED Scotchman of temperate •
habits, who understands the care of horaes .1
and cows, been accustomed to laboring work,
desires emuloyraent; wages not so much an ¦
object as comfortable home. Box 868, Call, i '
A RESPECTABLE middle-aged single man •
wishes a position of trust; Is good bartender,
night clerk/ etc. ; best references. K. G.. 989
Howard. st., room 78. • ¦ ¦-' *'.
SITUATION WANTED— A young man, expe-
rienced clothing and gents' furnishing sale3-
man; furnish best of references. Address
room 14, 906 Washington at., Oakland. Cal. •
MAN and wife, competent,, reliable, respect- '
able (German), desire to take charge of ,
country home. Box ' 785. Call office. •
SITUATION by young man taking care of
horses, cow, garden; good driver; handy with ¦
tools. Box 677, Call office.
WANTED-A Job to |do any kind of work in •
wholesale pr retail grocery etore. Addresa
W. K, LOWNE, Winchester Hotel, ;
, ENERGETIC young man with some experience
wishes to learn waiting: will do kitchen work,
etc. Box 380. Call office. ? j '
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wants position; city •
or country. Box 869, Call office. '
A STEADY, reliable young man of temperate ;
habits, at present engaged, seeks position as
bookkeeper in wholesale or retail grocery
store, or solicit trade for a good house; ex- :
cellent penman. Box 790, Call office. >
YOUNG married man wants position in coun- ,
try: care of stock, poultry; small wages; good
gardener; sober, Industrious; best of refer-
ences. Box 683, Call office. , ¦ .
YOUNG man. aged 26, slightly crippled, wishes
position as bill clerk or office work; will work
for small wages to begin with; experienced
cigar clerk. Box 682, Call office.
RELIABLE sober German gardener; under-
stands the care lawn, flowers, horses, buggies,
milking; very useful and. willing; good refer-
ences; city or country. Box 270, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED Dane wishes situation In pri-
vate family; understands care of horses, cows
and garden: first-class recommendation. Box
679. Call office.
WANTED— Work as millwright or foreman ot
sawmill or wood working factory; over 2(J
years' experience; sober and reliable. Ad-
dress box 355, Call office,
GARDENER, first-class, single, of long ex-
perience In landscape gardening, growing or
flowers and greenhouse work, wishes a situ-
ation on a private place. Box 450, Call office.
GOOD butcher, strictly temperate, married
man, wants steady place in some country
town. Write W. F.. 1231 Pacific st. .
YOUNG German with gome experience desires
position In grocery or hotel, C. P., 201 Mont-
comery ave.
MAN familiar with the city wanta to drive
and care for one or two horse". Box 899, Call.
OROdJKRY clerk wanta position; city or coun-
try; reference*. Box 604, Call offlct. t
JAPANESE rtuilatit wants to serve as a
school boy for short hours; no wages. K.
TA KAHAHHI, 1010 Tine st.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do house-
work, waiting at table: small family; has
good reference*, F, H1RATA, 4C8 Jessie st.
A IJRANCH office for Call advertisements and
yubvcrlptlona has been eitobllahed at 1006
Valencia st. , _ '
CLASHiniSD advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call brnnrh office, 2200 Flllmore at.'
riNANClAL.^
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken In payment for services; good mining
and Industrial propooltlona ¦ wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATE8 MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Const Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address ma-ln office. 607-S-9 Parrott b)dg.
PLATS TO LET.
LOWER and upper fiats, . 6 large rooma and
bath, 4 beautiful rooms In attic; elegant
grounds; keeping no expense to tenants; com-
pleted Sept. 25; large bay window In every
room; NW, cor. Portola and Duboce Park,
, off Waller, bet. Pierce and 8telner.
COLE. 773-775, bet. Beulah and Frederick Bts.—
Fine new sunny fiats, 7 rooms and bath:
rent reasonable, •
PARLOR floor of four sunny rooms, bath, laun-
dry, yard, 1S17 Plnn st. ¦
NEW upper sunny modern flat of 6 rooms and
bath. 975 Golden Gate ave, ; no children,
OTARRELL, 1933-Modern flat, 6 rooms, bath,
basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
SUNNY s-room; 2 kitchens; corner bay win-
dow; middle; modem. Key 4l7Vd Third *<<
UPPER flat, fi »unny front rooma and bath;
rent $18. HW, corner deary and Wood t»t».
FLATS "WAJVTIQD.
WANTJ^D^T'nBtr'wtlnep or hOHd^of 8 or «
rooms and l>sth; must Up mortem and « within
lh« boundary of M»rl<et,. Flllmnre. Oeary
nnd .lonea sis,; rent ronpenabln. Address box
7M, Cull oftipp.
and pictures." "~"
cXVnf'f Y*7*Kl3LF"ERri2S-13O llRyea,"nr. V. Nena
— lient worl< nmt lowent price* w»at Chicane.
FURMTtlllti roil SALH.
$17 60— SOLID oak bedroom iet; plate mirror.
Il—Rollii oak chair; factory prle«.
J2— Enamel bedn, till else*. Tel. Folaom 1328.
Jfcary'B Credit H^u*^ J<jM_ Mlgsjon,_nr._ 10th.
rurnlnhVd In oalt! »48 B0. with No. 7
rttngo. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of sevrn-room fiat for Bale; new.
413 Kills Bt. ; no dealers. ¦ ¦ •
3000 yards carpet; leather library set, 6 pieces,
Cost <126. P. GREEN WALT, 703 Valencia st.
KURMTUKF. WAMED.
CAL. Auctfbn"co., 1462 Market— "Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
\ Auctioneer— W. P. Beauchamp, 928 Howard st. ; I
| tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.". :;
A. L. STORKS. 133 Golden Gate ave.; tel. Jessie
j . 1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
! TEL.« Jessie ' 761 before selling furniture, car-
i ' jpets.planos. etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
J A.~WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
j price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
1 '
• •D.'.S&'F. 1 new $1 clove, retailed at factory price;
. E warranted : kept in repair. 121 Grant a,ve.
!" . HEL1' : WAATEU — FEMALE..
, I ,,-j-.- -.¦ -ui-r- ¦--'-¦-fuu J.--LJ-I .- . . .r.j-ui-.J.-w
1 A— MRS M. E. DAY & CO., Phone Main 1575.
! ¦ , • • ' HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
k .2 waitresses. Salt Lake City," $20; two arm
, i . waitresses; Palo Alto, $6: 2 waitresses. Marys-
• j% ' ville, $20; . 1 1 waitress. Sacramento, $20, fare
, ! patd: 3 houssgirls at Berkeley, ?20;-3 cham-
! bermaids.to wait. $20. ¦ - .• - .
• FAMILY DEPARTMENT. ' >ji
¦ :• ¦ A French ladies' maid, $30; 2 cooks for fam-
! ..' Hies, $30; 3 housegirls,' $20; 1 waitress and par-
'.' lor maid, $25; ; 1 girl, general housework. 2 in
\ ramily, $25, no washing; 2 'second girls to
¦ J 'wait,- $20, :and many* other -choice, places." .
( ! MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.; 335 Geary st /
i MISS HORGAN.... .....:.... 323 Sutter st.
• • ;2 cooks, city ......'....: $30
| Cook and second -girl, Oakland ...:. $L'5-$20
5 ! 20 housework girls "........." ...,*;:J25
| ' Housegirl, Belvedere, $30;. housegirl, Biker3-
; .. .field ........... ...:.. .......$30
) ; Housegirl, small family, city.... $22 50 to ,$25
i 4 second girls, J20 and $25; 6 waitresse.s.'.$20
. | .. Chambermaid and waitress ........$18 and $20
1 *". \Invalid's nurse,' $25;'; 10 housegirls.\$15; to $20.
, M j i Cook and , second . girl, Oakland. . . . .$25 and $20
.., WANTED — Young woman to assist with house-
• ' work;; sleep home; ¦ wages $10. ; Apply 1632
i Union Bt., near Franklin. • / ,-..¦:"
nilSlXESS CHANCES Contlnned.'.
$SO0 AND $350— Fine opportunity to Invest In
established blackslmth business; price In each
caee covers stock, tools and good-will. AJ-
dress box 283, Call ptflce. ••
COAL yard; fine wagons, etc.; eat. 16 yrs.; also
horse, buggy and harness: cheap. 634 Fulton.
FOR sale— Restaurant. Apply at 9 Drummst.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call-branch office. 2200 Flllmore st,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1035
Valencia st,
28 ROOMS: tine, sunny corner; north of Marlci-t;
former price $3000; reduced to 12200. DECKER,
1020 Market st.
ALL BARGAINS. CALL FOR LIST.
19 rooms on ono floor $»on
18 rooms on Post st 1400
8 rooms: fine yard 354
20-room house: -clears $100 140C
33 rooms: worth $2S00 1600
10 rooms: very good : 400
12 rooms: comer 500
ANY HOUSE IN THE CITY SOLD ON
PAYMENTS. .
10-room house: flne location 425
14-room house; good transient 600
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to. suit... 6000
16 rooms: transient; only $400 cash 750
fi-roomtfiat; fine corner 300
36 rooms: on Market st 1900
10 rooms; north of Market st 400
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
¦ S rooms; flat near City Hall 423
15 rooms; flne corner; clears $80 600
9 rooms; good piano; must sell /.... 425
48 rooms; hotel and bar 1500
IS rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $S0 800
24 rooms; on Market Et.; clears $150 1600
18 rooms; corner; Just like home 1500
10 rooms: on Mason St.; new 750
22 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
COME. TO US FOR BARGAINS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
24-room -worklngman's house; cheap rent. $500
6-room flat: all rented.. 225
21 rooms; country: transient; clears $loO.. 1100
12 rooms on Ellis; fine location; clears $75. 630
70-room apartment house 40C0
42 rooms; grand halls: fine Income 2600
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
14 rooms: transient; clears $125 650
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments 1000
50 rooms; rent $100; clears $250 1500
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 90S Mrkt.. cor. Ellis, r. 12.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
I have 4 salesmen; money to loan; long list.
9 rms.; rent $20; good furniture; N. Mkt.. $350
18 rms.; rent $60; good corner house 1000
40 rms.; flne hair mattresses; clears $35 mo 2600
20 rms.; rent $80; Income $1S8; central.... 1500
23 rms.; fine; respectable location; clears
$77 month; I will lend $700 on this house 1500
14 rms.; boarding-house; clears $65 month.
12 rms.: rent $60; income $110; nice; quiet.
30 rms.; corner; rent $G0; a bargain; snap 4uO
100 rms.; $10,000; $9000 and 70u0
60 rms.; family hotel; clears $375 month... 6S00
34 rms.; rent $45; clears $80 month 750
Office open 8 a. m. to 6 p. m.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
S50 Market St., and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have ca*h customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
40 r.;rent $120;eleg.fur.;pays well;reduced.$2s5u
27 r.', rent $110; oak fur.; Al location.... 22C0
20 r.; rent $80; G. G. ave.; apartments — 1100
Notice— 15 r. ; rent $80: NE. cor.; 5 years'
lease; new house; elegant furn.; inveeigate. ,
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1M p. c.
9 r.; modern flat; nicely fur 550
8 r.: rent $35; oak fur.; inc. $50 323
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
11 ROOMS; rent $35; must be sold $400
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40.. 450
7 rooms; n'.cely furn.; good home 375
10 rooms; good fur., carpets; Bush st.,.. 800
45 rooms; fine sunny corner; central.... 3700
100 r. ; flne location: good money maker.. 6000
12 rooms; newly renovated: flne: sunny.. 1200
17 rooms; rent $70; a money maker 1250
22'rooms; corner; good transient; clean.. 1500
13 rooms; something good; see It 2500
SS rooms; elegant: one of the best S0O0
S5000 — 37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$650—14 roonv: O'Farrell;' rent $15;' bargain.
We furnish all the money you need.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 810 Market at.
ATTENTION!— Buyers will flnd It to their ad-
vantage to call and examine list of FISHER
& CO.. 935 Market St., phone Folsom 1592.
84 r $1400 22 r $800 18 r $800
•0 r 1150 20 r 800 14 r 450
18 r 1000 13 r GOO 12 r 400
IE r 700 R r SM 10 r 400
a r CM 8 r.....225 7 r 228
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st.
15 rooms: Geary St.; $C00 ensh; payment!. flir>0
22 rooma; elegant furniture; only 1700
32 rooma: must eell; make offer
42 rooms; modern building; rent $125 22ft<>
CO rooms: corner: rent $73: only 2000
....MANY OTHERS TO SELECT FROM....
MeBRlDE & CO.. 1018 Market »t.. opp. Fifth.
20-room house. $350; 6-room house, $125; 10-
room house. I1M: 10-room house on Eddy St.,
K-.'iO; 11-room house. %GTA; 20-room house, $1500;
Sl-room houae, $1250; half cash, balance to
sull the buyer. __________
THE Urgent and best list of lodging-houses
nnd hotel* can be found at office of
O. W. gCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1011,
817 Market tit., near Fifth.
EXCHANGE new 5-room. bath, cottage, $1200.
for lodging-house; state particulars. Ad-
dress box 781, Call office. .
WANTED— For cs«h. good 13 to C3 room housn;
central: well furnished. .Adrtreyg box 6G8. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME & nee C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Bun., Tues., Fri., 8 p. m., 60c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
hive names; received medals from many
countries; taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 1084 Bush St.; tel. 2275 Larklri.
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader: mining a specialty; dr. Sun., Wed.
and Frl. evening*. 1035 Market St.
BTtOCKWAY'S psychic seance Sunday, Tues-
day, Wednesday. Thursday and Friday, 8:15
p m. ; 25c. 209 Hyde.cor.Eddy; phone Hyde 2504.
Ml.'STAFA— Egyptian materializing seance,
Bun.. Wed.. Fri., 8 p. m.. 25c; sittings daily.
1610 rtunh st.
MRS. J, J. WHITNEY. trance.*bus. medium;
Ufa reader; medical, clairvoyant: alttlnss, $l;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
FREE; proof, indies, -before beginning, develop
your medlumUtlo gifts: guarant, full name*;
yO days. 734 Pout et, i FrnnkUn on dour.
MRB, HUriUARl\ 109 Oak «,; circles TueSitay
and Friday, 8 p. m,: Wednesday ladles, 3:30
p, m., 10c; readme* <iRlly, top. ¦
ISAHUi InVpendem (slate writer; 32» KHU; tel.
I'alk iflOl; pi-anee 'fuap. and Tjnira.. 8 p. m.
MRS. II ARRlfON. spiritual medium, flee h»r
for a f*w dayB at MS M Union wt.
'nUKNUHimnTall "S3J Mr-Al'tUter-Mra. C. 3.
Meyer; Klttln" rtally: t<*»t to all tei-ntght. lOe.
cwAiuvorANTi!
HUE, M. B1JRNAHD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and bu»lneps medium, permanently
located at 17 Third «t., next Examiner bldg. 8he
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate <l<>-
acrliitlon of the i^at, reveals the present hap*
ppningB and portraya events to occur In the .fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not patlKfled In lit>, or have domes-
tic, love or bunlm-sB trouble*, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
2oc up: perfect natlofactlon guaranteed.
MRS. DR, F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Bt.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A-LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT^
. ' HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fall; permanently lo-
*cated fct J23 Turk 6t. : readings by mall.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls: has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody: open
i Sundays: hours 10 to 8 p. m. 2154 Sixth st.
¦ ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
pcpite Sixth: private readings daily. 10 a. m.
> to 5 p. ra. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight,
diagnoses disease with life roading; ladles 50c:
1 v gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Tnrk.
¦ PROF. JOHN J- HULTHEN, clairvoyant,
j . palmist and card reader; reveals past, present
' and future: 50c. 1007% Market St.. near Sixth.
- MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
5 she has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
5 names given; L. 50c.. G. $1. 1079 Mkt., cor. 7th.
- FREE, ladles,' morning' September: free test
1 readings, future events and questions; abso-
lutely free. 724 Post; open 10 to 6.- Franklin.
; MME. LAROSE. best Clairvoyant, card reader:
German spoken. 2Gc up. 777%Marketst.,room IS.
1 CLAIRVOYANT card reader from LouiHlaria;'
only 10c; from 1 to S. 262 Minna st., nr. Fourth.
- MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles 25c. gents 50c. 1J2 Sixth st.
3 MME. HANSEL, card reader and palmist; tells
past, present, future,'. 25c. 14S 6th st., room 14.
; MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader^ 11 6th;Gtfirnan spoken;tel. Howard 184C
- MRS. MALLORY. spiritual card reader7~send
stamp for dr.; L., 23c; G.. 50c. 'J17 Howard.
CLAIRVOYANTS--- Contlnaeq. _^
M, "WILLS, crystal seer, clairvoyant. m'edlJm;
Bluings, 3 a, m. to 8 p. m., 'Me. 326A EIHb.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant. reader;palmlstry;
truth or no pay; 25e. 1143 Mlnnlon, over storo.
MMB.SCHAFFKR, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448VJ Jessie at., bet, 8th and Cth.
MME. RA VRNNA~ reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. fi Fourth at.
WHKN you become dlagusted with poor work
send to PPAUMUNO'H pioneer Carpet-beat-
9.\ nit Worka, aS3-537 Tphamn «t.; tel. Poutli 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-baiting, Worka-Cleanln^r,
3c;renovnted;relald. IPS 14th St.: tel. Cann_2i»42.
ADVANCE CarpVt-cleonlnB Co., 402 Sutter at.;
Jel. Main > JH._ pKO^VAt>COM A CO.. Trap.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. __ 1703 _H o rrlson: tel. Ml>wlon 283,
CONKLIN'B Superior" Carpet-beatlnir Works,
333 Golden Gate nve. j telephone East 12a.
CITV Steam Carprt-bc:tlng~AVork«! 6. II.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 88-40 8th tsU: tei. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beatinB and Reno-
vntlng Co., 240 Fourteenth wt.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROl'OUISTS.
PROF.Strarsburger fromN.Y., specialist oh feet,
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.: Chronicle big., rm. 76.
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St., room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
JACKSON, 1572— House of 4 sunny rooms; rear;
$12. ..¦¦..
gjDENTISTS^ -
A— DR. T.V S."- HIGGINS, 927 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $150;
artificial • teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate. $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractiops done painlessly; teeth
without platea our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hour?. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, ¦ bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students; advice ,frce; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady' attendants.
DR. GEORGE W.. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. -
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
50c; plates, $5; full net; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.-
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work dono
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.. ;.,'.-* ':
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bimh—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
SET of teeth without plate. DR] h! g!
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. ¦ -'
DR. R. L. WALSH 815%Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;platea $."> up;phonePolkll35
DR. II. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth. .
DOG~HOSPITALsi ~^
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dosr soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. RIO Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSEi
FRENCH accordlcn and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIU.XAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc,; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
A— The official reporters of the SupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHEIl-
MAR8H COLLEGE; I* this advlc« worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $»0; catalogue,
A— THK LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school fcr the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelnn building.
CALIFORNIA -Medical Collie— Rpjpilnr term
opens October 7. I'*ull Information write D,
MACLEAN, M. P.. dean, Donohoe hid*.. B. F.
ACTING, elocution, diiorlnltles, Hallett School,
adsocloted with theatrical agency necuring
ponltlona, Alcuzar building, 120 O'Fnrrell at.
MKRRILL-MILLER ColTeKO^Bhorthflnd. typ-
Ing, practlcnl bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Pnr-
rottbldg,; Inillvlilinil Instruction; catuloKue.
ENGINEERING*— Civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
v«y, assay, cyanide; dny, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
_ der Nalllcn School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hn.ll.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one mnn who per-
fects beginners, college grnduntes& bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL coume of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $C0. Kan Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market at.
Chlcngo DuslneM College, 1433 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman «horthand, typing, bookkeeping, $0 mo.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting-Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessonfi, JOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile <-1:ik.«. IOCS Mission.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
I LLU BTRATION— night clans. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post ot., S. F. ;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mlsiilon, nr. 6th,,
EMI'LOYEJISNT OKFICKs.
JAPANESE nnd Chinese help of all kinds;
cooka, waiters and house servants, GI5O.
AOKl & CO., 421 Poit St.; tel, Hu»h 135,
CHINESE} and .Tapannen Employment Office—
Hast help, 4UH 'O'Farrell at__t«O^«aM!fl,
BAM KEE & CO,, employment office— IJest help;
fstbd, 1S53. 0S1V4 California^, i ta). ned 401.
JAPANEHTgintPlltV^nPf Office— Furnish most
rellahla tielp. Ki Hush fct, ¦
miPHRUM I'mnlnyment OfflQP— JananeaH, ChN
neof> help, 4£t| I'owell.nr.HuttBr; tel. HI at; k r.Q'S.
UKl7lXni.TT".f«rnnpnp-»'hln«fi(» Employment Of-
flcp; nil kinds he)n, ai!i Hloektan; Main Km.
OUAMTt!cR*WOIUC In momtnv-hoiipp «r hotel;
to elte» home. Ajtfily J. V. 0U08BTT to.
CO., S18 HtitU 1^ Bt._ ,,;*¦,
A FIRST «'i"l« with 4 yearn' references deolres
n ttttuatlon In American family. J. F. OHO-
___!}1__^__________^________
13XPKH1ENCBD tftllor tlrenBttiaker from 13nwt
wlghet* work; ehou nr private! putting or fit-
tlrg jirefpn*ed; would (to to private houses,
$2 dny: suit completed 2\4 days. Address
bok 3ttf, Cull office. - _
WANTED by young lady, situation ns book-
keeper and BtenoBraDher; over 3 yeara' ex-
* ppi-lence ; '¦ good city and Eastern references.
UOX>786. C_l. _ _ .- _
STRONG, good, willing woman; a great house-
cleaner and can do most any kind of work; •
good"reterencen; wagen $1 per day and car-
fare; good washer of flannels. 78 3d st., r. 4.
YOUNG . Woman wishes work by the day,
washing or house-cleaning. Address 149 Lex-
ington ave., between Eighteenth and Nine-
teenth sts.: Mission and Valencia: ¦£ ¦
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day;
washing. Ironing, house cleaning or window
washing; $1 per day. Box A, Call branch, 300
Hayes st. ' •¦¦¦•' ±__
DANISH girl, 13 a first-class cook, would llk.>
a piece -as cook In American family; wages
t2u-$3O. Box 885, Call. ¦ , >
, A WOMAN wishes a situation in a private '
family to do general housework: good cook;
kind to children. Please call 47 Shipley st./
[ A REFINED young lady wishes position as
typewriter or copyist- or assistant in doctor's
I office. Box 8S6. Call. '¦"•-¦¦¦
EXPERIENCED, young woman wishes posi-
tion to care for, a child or an invalid; refer-
ences. Apply, or address E. R., 347 Liberty St.;
RELIABLE woman desires situation > to do
housework and cooking in small family.- Box
I S97, Cal] : _ ',"'¦¦
A' YOUNG woman wishes a situation cooking.
j washing or ironing in a small family. , Apply
I 77 Natoma St. ¦¦.¦¦'¦.¦ .•-.--¦...• )
• FASHIONABLE dressmaker, lately from New
• York, desires engat'ement by day or to ; take
' work home. 1694 Stockton st. . '•¦
'•¦' t"IP.FT-CLA SS laurrlrpps wants washing to do
at her home. Call 511 McAllister- St., phone
' . . Foteom 1601. ¦ . . ¦ ¦ | . . .-
'¦ ' SWEDISH girl wishes situation for upstairs
work and sewing or general housework. 310
» San Pablo ave., Oakland, creamery..
: RELIABLE girl with; experience to '-assist .in*
r « cooking and delicacy ' store. Addres3 box 2321. ;
.- ¦ Call office, Oakland. . " . . . ¦
1 YOUNG lady would like position in' office; ac-
. I curate ¦ and a ' good penman. ' Box 887, . Call. ,¦
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco $
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every r-lcht In the year.
BIIANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery ctreet, -
corner Clay; open until »:30 j>. m.
800 Hayes street: open until 9:30 P. m.
C2» McAllister street; open until 9:80 p. m.
CIS _Lrkln street: open until 8:80 P. m. . J
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m. t
5261 Market street, corner 61xtecnti»; open
until S r,. m. "
108 Eleventh atreet; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until » p. ~.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken- .
tucky •trerti«; opwi until 9 p. m.
Z2QO Flllmorr street; rpen until » p. m. ¦ „
MMI^ MM *' M *^"^''*^'^ W "'^ M '* M T''' M '^^*^^^^^^^^^' "^™^ 2
BIKKTING XOTICES. *
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. -*_ *
T., t Port st.-Meeiing of the DRILL Tffl" J
COR.P8 THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- (CM
INO 7:80 o'clock. Important business, w
All members of the Commandery cor- r.
dially invited. By order of the Command-
Ant. HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
MOTTNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44, F. a
and A. M.-Called meeting THIS _JV-
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 jCjX
o'clock. Third desrree. /^r i
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. m .
M.-Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- _A_
DAV) EVENING. September 25. at 1t5f
7:80 o'clock. Second Degree. /^ri
H. J. OWEN, Secretary-
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— _~~
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J^.
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third De- X-J?
gree. R. E-i ALLAN. Sec. /^F*
CROCKETT Lodire No. 139. F. and A. *
M.-D. 2d. THIS Sept. 25. at 7:30 p. ./k.
m. By order of the W. M. JvX
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary. *
n'ANHOE Lodge No. 6. K. of P.. will Z^
confer the Knight Rank Gong form), y j&
WEDNESDAY. September 25. 1901. at : }>C_>
Pjahlan Castle. 90»H Market St., at *6__5
8:30 p. m. Members of Bister lodges cordially ;
Invited. W. S. HANBRIDGE, C. C.
O. NORCROSS, K. of R. and S.
VALLEY Lodge No. 30. A. O. U. W.. .«<|v.
Instituted April 24, 1S78. meets THIS £<£*£
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 8 feSs^
o'clock, in Pioneer Hall, 24 Fourth U*v
st. All members of the order are cordially
invited to attend. F. W. HARRIS, M. W.
THOS. H. LORD. Recorder.
NATIONAL UNION'. Call- » )^gg&j*___
forr.ia Council. meets v^«552J«~35k
TO-NIGHT at Pioneer *"^k
Hall. Fourth street, at ~
t o'clock (in its new hall). Visiting friends
cordially invited. By order
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President.
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary. '
JOINT picnic given by Portuguese Protective
and Benevolent Association and ladies of
Portuguese Protective Union of California.
Sunday. October €. 1901. at Shell Mound
Park. Berkeley. The First Regiment Band
of Oakland has been engaged for this oc-
casion, also a fine string band for dancing
in the upi>er hall In the Azorean style. Ad-
mission to the park, 25 cents: children under
. 12 years free. Association leaves on 10 a,
m. boat, *
ADOPTlOy. -
GIRL end boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 14U Eighth et. Alameda. '
AGENTS WANTED.
VI* ANTED— Men. women, students— everybody
to take or-Iers for the authorized life of out
'•Martyred President," supplemented by
Hay. Hanna. Roosevelt, Root, Long, Gage
and other high officials In the national ser-
vice; complete history from "Cradle to
Grave"; 15 to SO orders a day; no capital re-
quired; best book; best terms; freight paid;
outfit free; order at once; Shepp Pub. Co.,
720 Ranetead 6t.. Philadelphia, Pa.
McKINLEY'S Life, by Mural Halsted; best
author; beet book; best terms;- retails $1 60;
will duplicate any offer on inferior books;
credit Riven; freight paid; outfit free. J. S.
Z1EGLER & CO.. Chicago. 111. ¦
AGENTS wanted— Life of McKinley: five hun-
dred page large book; handsomely illustrated:
outfit free; now ready; 75 per cent discount to
agents; freight paid; credit glvea HENRY
NEIL. 323 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
THREE reliable men (Swedish nationality pre-
ferred) to act as agents for a thoroughly es-
tablished business; must have first-class ref-
erences. A. D. F.. box 6S5, Call office.
BONANZA for agents— Best "Life of McKin-
ley": send 10c postage for handsome outfit.
n. R. PATTEItBOy. 423 Montgomery. S. F.
ASI'HALTfM HOOPING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks Tt-
paired: postal. 1186 Mission; tcL Kolsom 2177.
ATTOKMStS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— Divorces a sn*clalty: quick:
(iul<t; no charce without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; t-atb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE, UO Market at.
AI'VICE frec;dlvorcc» private; bankruptcy ;col-
!ectlon*:attuehments; mortgages; bills of sale:
i>arlner«hlp»: d' > ed«:w1lle drawn;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON, lW;M a Mkt.. r. 4, op. Oth.
ADVICE free; open eve.; moderate fee If auc-
cetaful. EDW. R. BHIRRAN. 827 Market at.
ADVIC— five: no charge unlesn successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. V27 Market St.. o»>p. Mason.
L. 8. CLARK. Knima Kpreckels bid*., S27 Mar-
ket Bt.; consultation free; no leca In advance.
BOAUDIXtt FOK CHILUIIHX.
LADY wants two irmall children to board;
mother's care. Apply 2S12 Pine Bt.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
tlir.-i- children; low terms. 1G07 California et.
DOOKS — SEW AND OLD^
BOOKS of every kind bought] TeT*Red 29ot
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission St.
_^^^ BUKiaAU 'rniixKs.
ASIC to see Lundbeck's Improved drawer
trunk: at all dealers or factory. t"6 Howard.
liIsi.Miss CHANCES.
A— $K00; LIVERY and boarding stable north
of Market st,, clearing above $300 per month;
full value In eight; a. rare opportunity. Call
It. G. W1LKU. NH Kearny *t.
A— 1600; LADY partner wanted; must be of
(witness ability; In establ. parlors for hatr
treatment, etc.; business clears easily $300
per month; proprietress will teach Incoming
partner, n, U, \V|U\C, SfiVi Kearny at.
A— til'J; GOOU-PAVINa aslocTnT clone to "tjitf
vtiit-r front; rent l-l; mu»t l>e sold at once
as tiwn«-r i* c<impp||td tu return to Michigan,
_ Call H. Q. WH < KK._M'.t Keamy^t.
A- -$«(»; MUNCH bakery, dtlleaey store, with
4 (urtiinlied ruutnii; rent t£o; vrry beit loca-
t »i .ii an Killmoro nt.. end y.»..i imying. Call
It. q. WILKK. £6>i Krarny *\.
A-|6of»; CKlAIt atorej rent 120; very b<*M etand
nn Kearny tt.; owner must Iabv* fnr i-'irmiu;
value in ftt:nt. Call It. U. WtLKK, ;-ii»j
K»»rny >t.
. A-tOP; CORNKU Mloon en Maoon'm.; rent
t2M tnt.,i bu^intM; mutt be hold at im,-*
atvent^d Oovenitnent tioaitlon. Call
It. O. Wl I. K B. S««4j_ Kearny _at._
MAN with j;.no capital; bp« Investment for the
inonry in the rlty. McBRlDE & CO., 1019
Market ft., opposite Fifth.
CHOP house, $124. McBRIDE: & CO.. 1016
Market tt.
GROCERY and bar. |C0O. McBRIDE & CO.,
Itl6 Marltrt tt
EMALL amount of money to Invest in stock In
a new steam laundry that will be running In
2 weeks; thli> Is a gilt-edge chance for man
or woman; ehareholders get choice of posi-
tions. Business Board of Trade, S26 Pine st.
GKO. NEWTON. 7S9 Market Ft.— Large list of
lodging-houses, restaurants, hotels, ranches,
business chances; all kinds Tor sale or ex.
FOR Eale. cheap— S20 acres of excellent coal
land in Pierce County. Washington. For
further information address box 783. Call.
OPTICAL business; half share for sale. Box
E72, Call office.
HAIRDRESSING parlors sacrificed if soM this
week. Box €1S, Call office.
FOR ealP— One of the best saloons in Vallejo.
with 12 r.ewly furnished rooms; price $1600.
with «tock. For particulars call at Vallejo
Express ofSce. Ell Market et., San Fran-
cisco, 1 to 2. o'clock p. m.
A— BUSY cigar stand; centrally located; ele-
pant fixtures; nets $100 monthly: win be sold '
$475; acct. cick. Hedges Bros., 410 Parrott bid.
GROCERY and fruit Etore with bar; to close
estate: dally receipts $50. 328 Montgomery st..
room 311: call hefore 9 Wednesday.
JCOO— CHEAP restaurant and lodging-house; 145
beds; established 4 years; monthly receipts
over tiOO. Call room 5, 1436 Market et.
TO let— Fine butter and egg *tall in Grand
Western Market. J. H. EGGERS. 13_ Polk.
$4:*— SACRIFICE; rood downtown lunch house;
established years. Owner, box 900. Call office.
CIGAR stand to rent. SE cor. Third and
Townsend. opp. railroad depot. C. SHEA.
CIGAR stand for eale cheap; must sell on ac-
count of tickness. 1440 Market at.
flSCO CAPITAL to place new patent; will yield
good returns: Investigate. Box 674, Call office.
$M0 WILL yield $250 per month', new device;
••exclusive territory. Address box 672.' Call.
CIGAR store for sale; centrally located. In-
quire at 131 Montgomery ave.GRAND HOTEL.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Charles G. "Welling et al. (by C. W. Elving,
commissioner) to Susan A. Moore, lot on NE
corner of Franklin and Chestnut streets, N
137:6 by E 137:6; $20,200.
Katherine M. Buneman (widow) to August
Altenburg, lot on S line of Halght street, 37:6
E of Laguna, E 60 by S 87:6; |10.
' Patrick O'Connor to Margaret O'Connor, lot
on S line of Halght street, 50 E of Webster. E
25 by S 95; gift. ;
Minnie E. .Bowes (wife of W, M.) to Thomas
W. Huntington, lot on S line of Pacific avenue.
102:6 E of Scott street, E 35 by S 87:8»4; $10.
i Abelardo E. Cooper to Thomas J. Clunle. lot
on NE corner of Devisadero and Bush streets,
N.40 by E 82:6; $10. • : . " .
Thomas J..and Etta V. Welsh to Merton S.
Price, lot on W line of Devisadero' straet, 150
N of Golden Gate avenue, N 50 by W 125; $10.
William C. Crowley to Winifred Moran (wife
of James), lot' on E line of Baker street, 30 S
of Lombard.- S 25 by E 81:3; $10.
Joseph L. and Clara Emanuel (Heyman) to
Lina Heyman, lot on W line of Lyon street 125
S of Pine, S 25 by W 100; $10.
Celestine C. and Henry Rowe to William H.
Tllton, lot on W line of Cole street. 50 N of
Frederick. N 25 by W 100; $10.
Sarah A. D. McKee (widow) to T. P. S.
Brown, lot on W line of Capp street, 160 S of
Eighteenth, S.CO by W 122:6; $10. '
A., P. Redding to Ella F. M. Redding, lot on
E line of Sanchez street, 50 S of Fourteenth.
S 75 by E 125; gift. '
J. Rich to Rose F. Rich, lot on W line of Fair
Oaks street, 61 N of Twenty-third. W- 117:6
by N 61; gift. , ' \ . . .
Charles ! L. and Llna Hlnkel to Charles K,
Blender, lot on W line of Castro street. ISO S
of Twentieth. S 25 by-W 125; $10.
I Estate Oren K. Hopkins (by Edward W.
Hopkins, trustee) and Edward W. ¦ Hopkins to
Charles A. Grow and Mercantile Trust Com
pany (trustee estate Oren K. Hopkins), all In
terest in lot on NE corner of Jackson and
Battery streets. N 45:10 by B 66; $10.
¦ Charles A. Grow and Mercantile Trust Com
pany (trustees estate Oren K. Hopkins) and
Charles A. Grow to William F. Hopkins, un
divided one half interest in same; $10.
William F. Hopkins to Hopkins Investment
Company (a corporation).' all interest In same:
$10.- ¦ ,\ -• - - ' ----.¦
Alvinza Hayward to Toung Men's Christian
Aesoclation. rerecord 819 D, 98,- lot on N line
ot Sutter street, 137:6 E of Dupont. E E4:6 by
N 120; $1. . ¦ - 5
; Manoel G.. da Areia to Louisa G. Maderios,
lot on N l!ne of Lewis place, 137:8 W of Tay
lor street. W 20 by N 67:6; $10.
Louisa G. Maderios to \ Manoel Goncal ves,
same; $10. ' '
Mary A. Lynch et al. (by B. P. Oliver, com
missioner) to Hlbernia Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot. on NW line of Brannan street, 298
NE of. Third. NE 22 by NW 80; $2949. .
¦ Albert Anderson to William W. Red nail, lot
on E line: of San Bruno avenue (Nebraska
street). 25:6 S of Mariposa, S 25 by E 100; $10.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Walter
J. and Florence T. Cullen, same; $10.
'Minnie Price to E. P. Cross, lot on S line
of K street. -107:6 E of Forty-sixth avenue,
E E0 by S 100; $10. . : . . '
C. F. .Freltag to N. A. Freitag, lota 627, 829
631. 633 and 635, Gift Map 2; gift. .-
Edward AT. ' and Ellen E. Coakley to May L.
Rosenberg, lot • on SW line of Twenty-eighth
avenue South. 100 SE of P street South, SE 23
by SW 100, lot 29, block 621. Haley purchase
$10. „ -.- -¦¦ ¦:¦ ¦ • • -. -¦
Elizabeth James (guardian estate of Bessie
and Alice James) and Bessie and Alice James
to Michael Ruane. lot on S line of Randall
street. 116 W of Chenery. W 26 by S 100. lot
76 block 19, Falrmount Tract; $475.
: M. Ball in to Olive Verkouteren (widow), un
divided one-half interest In lots 108, 107, 15S
160 and 314, Gift Map 1; $10. ¦ .
.Catherine McGe* (executrix .estate - James
Mcftee) to Andrew C. and Mary A. Jacobson,
lot on . W lino of Mary street, 200 S of Ailston
way, S /100 by W 130, , lots 5 and 6, block 1L
McGee Tract, being a portion of plat 67, Berke
ley; $900." " '.- " - -
Theodore iGler to Augusta K.; Simons, lot on
E , line of Sixth street, 243.94 S of Channlng
way, S 100 by E . 120. - lots 23 to 26, .block 131
Avery Tract, Berkeley: $1000. ~ • -
Susanna and- Peter -Erickson to Miss 'Marion
Doane, lot on S line of Parker street. 200 E
of McGee avenue. E 40 by S 132:6, lot 6, block
5, Case - Tract, Berkeley: $1300. • . ,
., Miss Susie L. Wilkie. (single) to May Meseer
¦chmldt. lot on E line of Wheeler street. 100
0 -W Schwelt2er, Nev Mrs B T Preston. Sea tl
W H Dunphy, Millbrae Miss M Pfeifer. Seattle
E B Stebbins, U S A L. Lehman. Mont
L E Bulkeley, Berkeley H H Welch, Victoria
H J Boyd. San Jose M J Silvia. Cameo
J Sawyer, San Rafael. A Downs & w, Carter J
Mra P H Fitzgerald, C Rosier. Jamestown
Los Ansreles W "B Ludor. Los Ang
W . W Steiphenson. w & J McEwin*. Oakland
"d. Bakersfleld F W Gerlach, Stockton
J K Grant, B C Mrs W B Clarkson.
Mn J W Van Ben- Charleston
thlnsson. La J E Steinbeck, Salinas
F 3 Rice. Bakersfleld O Y Woodward & w,
C Jacobson, Redding Woodwards Isle
S Henry. Fresno Mrs E Darling, Naps
J W Price & vr. Mich R T Wlckerson, Mont
A M Smith. L Angeles R c Victor. S Brnrdno
A Grunauer. Tracy E J Henessy. Napa
L Jaffe. Seattle O H Willoughby. Cal
H Karbers, Kans City O II H Matthe. \. An?
Mrs D H Balr & a. Miss Whltlnir. L Ang
Sacramento ", ¦ J E Nolan. Cal
P F Bond, Akron Mrs J F Patton. Mich
R Farrell. Nevada Miss Patton. Mich
Mra B H Farmer. Stkn Miss M B Patton.Mich
Mm M Ii Allen. Stktn Mrs M Smith, Mont
Dr W L Samuels. Nev O E Shlnn. Eureka
W Graham. Omaha H M Joseph. N T.
M Frank. Reno W A Dinsmore. Cal
A E Boynton & w, Cal L R Poundstone, Cal
Carrie Barmon. Detroit C T Beldln?, Orovllle
J I Boojre, Pasadena B S Kuhn, Carthage
E 1. Hosper, Minn . W C Howard. Stockton
PALACE nOTEL.
E T Breeding, Chicago] Mrs A H Sperry, B C
C F A Sturts, Dawson A J Katz, N Y
Fn>denl Yottet, Tacma E M Rose & w. Ill
"W J Leet, San Jose C E Gilson, Cincinnati
T rr Williams. S Rafael A C Armour Val Sprga
1 E Levi, NY F W Coburn, Mass
G W Moffat, Salt Lake G W Schwartlng, Cal
E Moffat. Salt Lake A J Stelnman. Chicago
Mrs Drouillard, S Dleg J S Patterson. Ohio
J Del Valle, NT D W R McDonald & w,
J !3 Chllds. Reddins St Loui3
B 'Campbell. Portland Miss K Brown, Colo
A 1, Craig, Portland T Usin, Japan
E M Cousin, Portland G R Potter & w. Salt
Mrs T Hushes, S Rafl Lake
H C Moore. San Jose F Green. Cincinnati
Madeleine G Childs, G Lawyer, Jersey City
Menlo Park Dr J L Nevin, Jer City
Mrs W S Davis, Aubrn Mra F Suylln, NY.
Miss E M Davis Aubrn .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F R Graff, Church. Pa H Wastwell, wife and
A Klingler, Church.Pa mother, Detroit
Sam Olessi. New Orlns Miss C Sackett. N" Y
G S Crawford. Nebr J A Collins, Stent
S A Potter and family, O A Aspden, San Rat
Los Angeles J G Brown, Salt Lake
C T Harris and family, E B Mackerson, S Lke
I*os Angeles Leon Varst. Mo
Fruik Sate. Oregon W Kern and wife. Mo
A P Sagwell» Tacoma Mrs Thompson. Calif
Miss Amelius, Portlnd J Murphy and wife,
A S King. California Seattle
H C Webb, Chicago O H Ople. N Y City
HOTEL AKBIVAIJS.
N of Prince, N 50 by E 123, lot 20, block A.
being a portion of Woolsey Tract,- Berkeley;
$10. • .
• Lucy A. Olsen (wife of H. K.) to Charles
A. Fey, lots 6a and 70. biock C. Everett Tract,
being lots 4 and 5, "i oakum Tract, first prop
erty warrants the ¦" title, . iirooSiyn Township;
*10O. > .
F, W. Hauer to Mary H. Eldredge (widow),
lot on NW lln« of Warren street, 1C0 SE ot *
Rose, SE 50 by NE 100, lot 23. block 11, Fitch
burg Homestead lots, Brooklyn Township; tlO.
Adrian - and Mary Merle to Alfred J. Merl«
(son), lot on N line Of Alameda avenue, 90
W of Walnut street. W 50 by N 150, being W
10 feet of lot s and E 40 feet lot 7 in E hal(
block B, lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda;
gift./ ¦ .- • "
Mary E. Knowles (widow) to James W. His
glns. lot S. block Q, Knowles and Potter sub
division Kennedy Tract, East Oakland; $10. '
The Scenic Park Realty - Company : to D.
Satoff, re-record 729 D. a. lot 13. block 7. Da
ley s Scenic Park, Berkeley: $10.
D. Satoff to Charles M. Bakewell, same,
Berkeley; *10. - -
Amelia Fischer" to' D.- D. Shattuck, lot on E
line of High street. 223 N of line dividing lands
W. B. Clement and H. Robinson, 1 being middlo
line of street between said lands, thence N 50
by E 200. lot #, block 1, Clement's Addition to
Town of Melrose. Brooklyn Township; $100.
D. r>. Shattuck to Sarah J. Bryan, same.
.Brooklyn Township; $350.
1 Susan E. DennlS (as administratrix . of es
tate of Charles E. Jacox) to J. S. Myers, lot on
NE line of Bellevue avenue, 739:3 SE of High j
street. SE 470. NE 508.33, NW 470. S 508:16. lot
38, McKlnnon and Gohrman Tract. Brooklyn-
Township; grant.
Dulcena or Delcena Hollingsworth (widow of
John) to Pauline Marshall (single), lot on N
lino of Thirty-second street. 263 W of "West,
"W BO, N 96.62, E 50.217. to a point 91.94 N Of
commencement. S 91.94, Oakland; $10.
Ttiomas McSweeney and B. M. McFaddea
(executors estate of Margaret Nagle) to Franjc
A.^ Roberts, lot on NE corner of Grove and
Seventeenth street. X 50 by E 10O. Oakland;
$6200.
Calvin S. and Mary L. Wlnchell to William
Corbln. lot on E»llne of Ellis street. 100 S of
Prince. S 50:6 by E 120. block 4. Regent Street
Homestead Association. Berkeley; *10.
G. L. Fltz (and as attorney) and Katie L.
Fltz to Emellne R. Friend (wife of William H.),
lots 13 to 15. block C. Patterson Homestead As
sociation No. 2. Brooklyn Township; $3. .
Rebecca Reed (single) to Elma Bresee (wife
of Ernest H.), lot 12. block 4. Graves and Tay
lor Tract, first party reserves life Interest, etc.
(recorded September ,23, 1901). Berkeley; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Elizabeth. C. Maas (owner) with. W. B.
Grant (contractor), architect .—All work
for ft. three-story frame building (flats) on 3
line of Seventeenth street. 23 E of Castro, B
25 It 8 102; $3450.
Mrs. Marie- A. Maas (owner) with same con
tractor, architect W. G. Hind— Alterations and
additions to a one-story frame cottage with
concrete and brick foundation on S line of
Seventeenth street. 60 E of Castro. E 25 by 3
102; $1825. ; •
Carolina Schenk (wife of Adam) (owner) with
Jacob Schuler (contractor), architect George A.
Dodge— All work except mantels, gas fixtures,
shades, plumbing and painting, but including
yard work, bulkheads and side fencing for a
throe-story frame building (three flats) on N
line of Clay street. 81:3 W of Baker. W 25 by
N 105, W. A. 578; 94570.
An aluminum resonator to take v the
place of the wooden belly of the violin has
been devised by a Londoner' named Stroh,
The volume of tone obtained is said to be
sxeater than that in the ordinary violin.
TUESDAY, Sept. 24— 4, p. m.
Bld.Ask.i: Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 02' Justice 02 04
Alta'.' 02 • 05 Kentuck " — 82
Andes-.; — . 02 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Bislcher ........ 10 11 Mexican ........ 18 19
Best & Belcher IS 17 Occidental ..... 05 07
Bullion ......... 01 OS Ophir ...73 7t»
Caledonia 31 -S2 Overman ........ 05 66
Challenge Con.. 15 16 Potosi 03 04
Chollar 06 07 Savage 02 0\
Confidence • B2 56 Scorpion ..'...."... — 04 :
Con Cal & Va..l 70 1 73 Seg Belcher 02 .04
Con Imperial... — . 01 Sierra Nevada. -21 22
Con New York. — 01 Sliver Hill 33 36
Crown Point... 03 04 St Louis . 06 —
Eureka Con..... '14 — Standard .......3 13 3 2.1
Exchequer — ¦ 01 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry 03. 07 Union Con 05 07
Hale & Norc... 17 IS Utah 03 05
Julia .--- — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 07 08
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
JOSP Gas & Electric Company 42 75
li) S F Gas & Electric Company 42 87*4
$3000 S P of Arizona (1910) 113 50
150 Vigorlt 4 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. s
Morning 1 Session. J*
Board— , ' s ' ¦ '
100 Bay City 40
30) California-Standard 23
800 Caribou 75
I Hanford ....113 00
KM) Home, s 90 .' „-. 3 45 -
3fl<) Junction ; .. ....*....... <..;... 24
lOOt/Lion, b 60 10 -
100 Lion 09
SCO Monarch of Arizona 24
201)011 City Petroleum 2S
8100 Petroleum Center 01
100 Petroleum Center .03
1000 Reed Crude 32
200 Sterling ....; 130
10) Sterling:, b 60 ........ 1 35
60 Sterling ~ 1 32}$
Afternoon Session.
100 El Dorado — ..... 75
750 Giant 28,
50 Home • , 3 50
21.' Home ..." : 3 15
100 Monarch of Arizona - 23
100 Monarch of Arizona, s 90 23
200 Monte Cristo ; 1 63
100 Monte Cristo, b 90 , 1 7»
3000 Oil City Petroleum 25
2000 Petroleum Center, b 90 03
1000 Reed Crude 33
1050 Sovereign '. 25
_ - MINING STOCKS.
The following were " the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: , . •
Morning Session.
100 Con Cal & Va..l 751 100 Union Con .... OT
800 Ophlr 76| 200 Yellow Jacket.. 10
Afternoon Session.
SOO Belcher 10 100 Ophir 7?
fit) Belcher 09 3C0 Opblr '73
500 Best" & Belcher 17 100 Savage 0J
200 Challenge 16 100 Sierra Nevada. 21
lOOi) Con Cal & Va..l 70 100 Union Con 0«
500 Hale & Norc... 17 ¦'¦.;"
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: .
Morning Session. ._
201) Beet & Belcher 18 200 Ophir 77
80) Challenge Con. 16 500 Savage 03
10) Con Cal & Va..l 73 200 Sierra Nevada. 21
. 50} Crown" Point... 04 200 Union Con 07
Afternoon "Session. -
300 Caledonia 31 100 Hale & Norc... 17
300 Con Cal & V.I 72% 10O Ophir ...; 75
100 Con Cal & Va..l 70 300 Sierra Nevada, n
2C0 Confidence ..... 65
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1901.
13
HEAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR, SALS.
G H. VMBSEN - & CO., ~™~ '
\ ¦ • 11 Montgomery st.
i.^J,: AUCTION
- AUCTION
AUCTION
¦*' AUCTION ¦ ¦* '
At pur Salesroom.>MONDAY, September SO,
¦ ¦ ¦ 1901. at 12 o'clock noon.
- REFEREE SALE. ' •
828 Capp St., near 23d— Cottage of 7 rooms and
bath; large grounds; rent $17 50 per month; lot
3oxl22:6; subject to confirmation by court. . ; .
J. PICHON . ESTATE.
Executor Sale.
NW. cor. McAllister and Webster 8ts.— This
choice corner would pay handsomely if prop-
erly covered with stores and fiats; present im-
provements belong to -tenant; ground rent $30
per month; lot 37:6x85; subject to confirmation
by the court. " . .
JOHN M. CARROLL ESTATE./
* Administratrix Sale. • • •
No. 1.
SE. cor. Harrison and 23d sts.— Desirable
building lot, 26x75. -
No. 8.
. Harrison St., east line,- south of 23d— Desir-
able building lot, -26x75; subject to confirma-
tion by the court.
WASHINGTON-ST. RESIDENCE.
2408 Washington st., north line, near, Web-
ster st.— Choice modern residence of 9 rooms
and bath: brick 'foundation; cement walk, etc.;
lot 25x92:4. " . '
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
2906 Bush Bt., north line, near Lyon 8t.—
Choice modern residence of 9 rooms and bath;
brick foundation,- cement walk, etc.; lot 25x75.
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENT. ....
36 A. B. C, D, Welsh St., north line, near
4th St.— Good substantial improvements consist
of front and rear house, , containing 7 tene-
ments of 3 room* each; in perfect order; sani-
tary plumbing, etc.; rents $54 per month J lot
30x80; mortgage of $3000 at 6 per cent can re-
man ' trenton-st! investment.
16 Trenton St.. between Stockton and Pow*,
ell, Washington and Jackson sts.— Improve-
ments consist" of 2-story house, leased for $25
'per month; tenant makes all repairs; lot 25x
76; two frontases.
FORECLOSURE SALE. •
Market at., north line. bet. Church and San-
chez sts. — Choice building lot, which will un-
questionably enhance In value; bank mortgage
of {2400 at 6 per. cent can remain; lot 25x126,
irrpcular. * . , '
.v BRIDGET CARROLL ESTATE.
- , Administrator Sale. . -
1420 Montgomery St., near Filbert st. — Cot-
tage of. 5 rooms; lot 20x56:3; two frontages;
subject to confirmation by the court.
MARY LEAHY ESTATE.
Administrator Sale.
440-442 Harriet St., off Brannan, near 6th st. —
Two cottages of 3 rooms each; lot 25x75; sub-
ject to confirmation by the court. •
For further particulars apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
- 14 Montgomery ¦ at.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. 638 MARKET ST.
NORTHEAST CORNER ON LEAVENWORTH
STREET.
A Full 50 Vara.
$38,000— Five houses on Leavenworth st. and two
houses on cross street; in a rapidly
growing portion of the city; magnificent
location for modern fiats; present old
Improvements pay $3120 per annum. . y
"REDUCED TO FORCE SALE.
MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK.
$5,000— The elegant modern residence. 9 rooms
and bath, basement and attic; four
beautiful mantels; porcelain tub; open
sanitary plumbing and every conven-
ience; house well planned and built to
catch the sun; this house cost over $8000:
short distance from Park Panhandle;
key lot 25x100.
BARGAIN.
SOUTH OF MARKET STREET. " '
$4,000 — Four well-built tenements of 3 rooms
each;* near Tenth and Harrison sts. ;
improvements only 6 years old and in
first-class condition; always rented;
brick foundation; lot 25x85.
MISSION HOME.
$3,800— A well-built house of 7 rooms and bath
in good condition; north side of Twen-
ty-fourth st.. near Guerrero; lot 25x
87:6 feet.
MUST BE SOLD. ' '
$1,900— Two-story house on Norfolk St., near
Folsom and Eleventh streets; well built
and in good condition.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
$1,800— A cozy sunny cottage of 4 rooms and
bath and basement; on Stelner st., near.
Filbert; improvements only two years
¦ old ;¦ well built and In fine condition:
key lot, 25x100 feet.
FINE BUILDING LOTS. '. - -
Ja, 000— Southwest cbrner Pacific and Larkin
sts.; 27:8 1 / ixll2 feet. "\
$3,250— Larkin st., south of Pacific; 25x112 feet.
$3.000-Paclfic st., west of Larkin; 27:6xl27:8Si
. feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,.
¦638 Market st.
CHOICE corner lot that can be improved, with
4 flats, size 36xS2:6; all street work done; brick ;
sewers In; bituminlzed street; lot ready for
building; corner Pierce and Filbert ots.. just
240 feet from the Unlon-st. cars; desirable lo-
cation and nice surroundings; peremptory or-
der to sell, regardless of the value, for money
advanced; a splendid purchase to improve or
for speculation to sell again: make an offer
at once. W. J. GUNN, 530, California. st. •¦ •
WANTED— To purchase a " property that Is
bringing an Income to cost from $4500 to
$6000; in Western Addition or Mission. W. J.
GUNN.. 530 California St. _.
SEC, seven and eight room" cottages; also two
flat houses in block between 17th, 18th, Castro
and Noe sts.; U cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
SON, builder. .
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near cor. Waller and Stelner.
GEO. H. MOORE, 63 Portola st.
SPLENDID' bargain— Large double house and
cottage; 'house 8S4-3S6 San Jose ave (corner
Twenty-sixth st); cottage 3608 Twenty-sixth;
desirable sunny cornsr. Address Box 280. Call.
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence, with
bath; 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mission.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; % cash. Bank of Ala.
.OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND . REAL ESTATE.
$2350— A very neat home in Peralta Heights;
cottage of 6 rooms and bath and barn; lot
40x137:6; 2 years old; elegant view of the
lake; see photo at the office of
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. i
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
' OAKLAND" FURKITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA, 1304— Three large . sunn7"deslra^
ble rooms; clean and convenient; reasonable.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
' three, $14; three, $20; also single,- $4, $5 and up.
JESSIE, 476— 1 ; room, with running water; suit-
able for light housekeeping; also single room.
MCALLISTER, 538-Nicely furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping, - from $10 up. ¦
MINNA, 172 — 2 large, sunny connecting rooms
for housekeeping; stove and sink; reasonable.
NEWPORT, 45 Franklin— Sunny bay window;
h' keeping rooms, gas, running water; phone.
OAK. 119—2 large parlors, furnished for house-
keeping, $17; large front room, single, $10.
POLK, 605 — Housekeeping; large, clean, sunny
front alcove; small kitchen; bath; gas stove.
POLK, 1002—2 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
SHIPLEY, 262— Three good housekeeping rooms,
unfurnished, rent $8 50. .'
THE St. James, cor. Laguna- and McAllister
sts. — Large, well-furnished- single room, $8;
handsomely furnished suite for light house-
keeping, $15; ' handsomely furnished corner
suite for light housekeeping, extra kitchen in-
cluded; select home for families.
TURK. 625— Solar flats, fine, new, Chicago
Etyle; 3 and 5 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurnished and furnished; elec, hot water.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.'
'A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has.; been -established at 1096
Valencia St. ' -> '-¦-.- - -
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnn.
A— BRUNSWICK - HOUSE," 148 Sixth-Rooms",
25c- to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all ngiht.
ARGYLE. 234 McAllister— New, elegant, Sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAlllBter-st. cars.
AT Shasta House. 246 Third— 200 rooms: newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $l-to $3 week.":- "¦¦
A NICE sunny kuH«; also single rooms; neat,
clean and cheap; bath; tel. 332 Stockton st.
BACHELOR Hotel, 18 Mason St.— 100 newly fur-
nished rooms, $1 50 per week up; < elevator,
electric lights In every room, return call bells;
first-class ; quiet ; central. -
- - - . - .
'' CS J~i A P assb °o k 'Kith The H"lbernia~Savings
ri-i Lo V\??2S y of 6an Francisco, in th>
it *« °i MAR Y J. PARSONS. No. 21$ 517
"•Vif finder will please return to bank. ' "
t '° S J~, A P aFsb< x>k with the~Hibernia Savings
ar.d Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JAMES MORGAN RLLOFSON: No
.'¦>-<Sl. The finder will pleas? return to bank' *
jgoe^t
FOUND-A ralr of spectacles! Owner mav re-
<nvcr tame by identifying and paying cost cf
advertising at 38S Church 6t.
1T « w! U. p *?' to "Remember" that the Caliror-
Srirt^*i Ch -, C " 1 * C °- P Sutter "S needs old
g^id and tnlver to make new watch cases. "
MATTUISSSKS AM) HILLO Ws.
TO onicr also cleaned and" sterilized, upnol-
etery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work e-tixr
O KE BROS - * U
_*--_ MILLIXERY. ~ ~
MCDOWELL'S fall opening^r"mIlUnery Sept.
_ J> and X. hours 9-5. 1019 Market st.
MIXES AXU ailXIXG. .
SHASTA GOLD AND~c6TPER~7^~IIst
chance at 10c; vrill be 25c in few days; com-
pany owns 14 claims. 316 Post st. : open eve't.
_ MEDICAL.
D £ p/DO^ELL-AH who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been uoed for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; re««f In all
ca«s taken; the most obstinate cases have
bee i relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a dell-
f~ *V I ? tun ;; aU cIasses of female complaints
\? JT^El'-U to th * l°npe«t case*. DR. G.
W. O DONNELL^JOIS Market et.. opp. Fifth. '
M^!m m Ri GOODWIN, the eminent ladies 1
Fpeeialist. has returned from Europe; most
modern methods; £5 years' experience In San
l-rancisco; guarantees to cure all foraale
troubles; maternity hospital; fee low. 906
Market St.. opposite Fourth.
T|»E original MRS. DA VIES, who has been In
?5! IS 6 *, 11 "* for 25 5" ear *. 1» stlU located at
1SS Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and « to 8:30 p. m.
M £f- P-Jf*ETH. reliable ladles' specialist;
private home before and during confinement:
removed from Post to 410 OTarrell st.
M £ s \ D - ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable la-
mes specialist; a ypriv. home before and dur-
lng confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HIN-DOOHERB AXD MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatir.ent; maternity home; home
lr. confinement 1126 Market ft.. S. F.
M ~E; D .L, K , OHL - la<3lcs ' specialist, confinement.
removed from Market ft. to <10 OTarrell St.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. M-hand machinery! ~Mc^
ITCTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker table*, barrom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand ; we always have a large stock of
ealoon outfits on hand; 22 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship oven-thing
in 24 hours. J. NOOXAN. 1C17. 1019. 102L 102J
Mission ft., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
MISFIT parlors <upstairs), "3 Stockton. ¦ rents
full dress. Tuxedo. Prince Albert or mourn-
ers black suits for $2 50; misfit tailor-made
fu:ts end Raplans for sale 8nd to rent; & big
Ftock of travelers' samples in trunks, valises
and fuil dress reasonable.
"^^ £ . R ETX.-RX tubular boiler, complete,
SSoO; 50 h. p. return tubular boiler, complete
52iO; oO h. p. boiler and 25 h. p. engine, com-
plete, ready to run. $350; 100-light Edison
l yB wHrrE' th 8 i« la Sas e > a g: pcrfect - H -
Graphophones. Phonographs, Gramophones, $5 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones,
$1 50; Id-hand Phonographs. Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
*^-ilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.,
Stevenson st.. near First.
I OR_ Sale— Sealskin, finest quality. J100; cost
Ha; used one week; or will trade for dia-
mond; size SS. Box 658. Call office.
CASH register (Hallwood); brand new; S5S;
reduction. Apply H. F. ALLEN. 202 Califor-
nia st.
1301 RAMBLERS, Eagles, light Stearns, Sneil
and others: 2d-hand bicycles: cheap; send
for list. LEAVITT A: BILL. 309 Larkin St.
A— BITTS. sells' or rentE gear, machinery, en-
gines, boiler?, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 2^-255 Spear st.
NEW or 2a-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals.
jewelry bought, sold, exch.: 1 4-H.P. Covey;
1 2^-H.P. Hercules; gasoline engr. 910 Kearny. :
FIXB *uiu. J10; dress pants. V 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A — {3 SO DERBT and Fedora hats, $1 7a. Pop-
ylar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
ONE friction hoirt drum, brand new; cheap.
H. E. WHITE. 516 Mission St.. _^
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving; pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new ft !d-han<l
and launches. J. E. DOAK. Sll Mission st. .
SATES— New and eecontl-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento «L
PHOTO barpain list No. 17 now reedy for
mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. E21 Mission st.
DIAMONDS, watches, jewelry; cash or install-
mentg. Theo. Ferahtand. 128 Kearny. r. 29.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. KL'RKE. 12S Beale et.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California Bt.
A WEEK'S news for u cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
UISCBLLAXEO18 WAATS.
-¦¦¦ x^~- --
"ANTED— Two hunting ekiffs. second-hand or
. 104. Fifth st.
- .'^ unused stamped bank checks bought: also
•documentary stamps. R. Garvey. 1008 Call bid.
TILTON wanta good 6econd-hand clothing and
theatrical gnods. VA 9th St.; tel. Folsom 2522.
J ¦ ,-"; JIO.VEY TO LOA.V.
A A -MANHATTAN LOAX COMPANY.
S3Xf."00 et d per cent in sume to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
jnortga.geir, lite insurance & securities. Loans
on . -unttcttled estates, undivided interests In
fal.-pbta.te and legacies. We will purchase
any ol above eccurities. Tel. Red 6024. MAN-
HATTA.N LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT C PER CENT.
Firet, s*-cond and tlnrd mortgages
I'rfiivided interest in real estate In probate..
Mciigages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my Urmi before doing business elsewhere.
R. UcCOLGAN
24. Montgomery St., room 3
HERMAN MURPHY, 6C3 Examiner building—
jr.'tK.i.OoO at 6% or less in large sume; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all Forts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
gee HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgage*, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legaeies, undivided Interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercantile and timber
Interests, corporation loans. R. 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY proposition: any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests: chat-
tel mortgagts, etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams building. 2'jC Kearny St.. room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 18C5, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
l^ir.os and Sealskins at lowest rate of interest,
'^tjrant ave., near Market St.; tel. Black 5471. i
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
Bt. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary et...; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture, or liianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Bocker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
CASH leaned to salaried people on note with-
out tndorser or on mortgagee at 6 per cent per.
aanuin. MORRELL, 60» Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
I arty: no rencbval; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room S. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill. r. 44. Merchant*' Ex.. 431 California.
UX real estate — 6 Der cent per annum; "no
brokerage. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
17 on furniture and pianos; J1S up; no removal;
no ootnmlfielon; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
IF vou want a home I will loan you money to
buy JL- A. E. RUDELL. 222. Sansome st,
»HE TOUSLEY Company; loans and dis-
counts. 321 Parrott building. - ...
ON salaries or wages: no Indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary ; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 209 Phelan bldg.
MONEY WAXTBD. TT ~
J2f.a O\ dividend-paying copper stock fronr prl-
v*»iT party; one year; 10 per cent Interest.
*£3reo. Can office. .
O'Brien and the late Annie, Josephine, Mary..
. Frank and Richard E. O'Brien, a native of
SanFranclsco, aged Z4 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock,, from her late
residence, 220 Waller street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
¦ will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. : ,• . - . = -~
POWERS— In this city! .September • 23, 1901.
Edward, beloved husband of -the "late Mary
Powers, and father of Edward and James.
Powers, Mrs. J. McKenna, Mrs. H. Bred-
hoff and Mrs." C. Powell, a native of County
Waterf ord, : Ireland. " aged 64 years. \
H^Frlends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his daughter, Mrs. J. McKenna, 463
Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele- i
brated for the repose of his 'soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. . . .. - . - ;
SAND— In this city, September 24. 1901, Ferdi-
nand, beloved" son of George • F. and Julia
Sand, aied 7 days. ,.
BHINKWIN— In Livingston, Mont., September
- 17, 1901, Cornelius Shinkwin. beloved brother
of Jolin and Charles Shlnkwln. a. native of
Macrcom, County Cork, Ireland. . ¦
" cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the .parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
,quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
¦ Holy Cross Cemetery.
THOMSEN— In this city, September 22, 1901.
Frederick H., beloved husband of - Dorl*
Thomsen, and father of H. A. Thomsen. Mrs.
F. Hanson and Mrs. H. 1 Jessen, a native of
Germany, aged 79 years.
E^Tlie funeral will take, place to-day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o' clack, A from the par-
lors of Valente, Marinl & Co.. 1524 Stockton
street, thence to Red Men.'*' Hall, 510 Bush
. street, where services witf be held under the
RUbplces of Germania Stamm No. 83. IT. O.
R. M. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In -this city. September 24.-1901.
at his residence, 2417 Bush street. John H.,
only son of the late John and Ellse Thomp-
son, a native of England, aged 46 years 6
months and 15 • days. .
IC?"Funeral services -to-morrow (Thursday),
at 10 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray &
Co., 641 Sacramento street, under the aus-
pices of San Francisco Typographical Union
No. 21. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
TWICHELL— In Alameda. SeDtember 22, 1901,
~Frank, beloved son of George H. Twichell,
and brother of George E. Twichell, a native
of Oregon, aged 37_ years. ,
y (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited .to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), af. 2 o'clock, from the "parlors
Of ¦ Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ¦
WIEDERMAN— In this city.*. Paul Wiederman.
a native of Germany, aged 35 years. - I
lC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. In-
terment ¦ Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WOODS— In this city, September 24, 1901, An-
nie, wife of the late John. Woods, and mother
of Joseph Woods, , a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 57 years.
ETRemains at the parlors' of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter. " . ¦ '_
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
Is the only -establishment of its kind
on the Pacific Coast. Its j scope is
much broader than that of the ordinary
optical store since it- includes an
Oculists' Department, supervised by
three eminent eye specialists. Its
rooms . are j fitted up as parlors, where
examinations can be . conducted with
suitable privacy and where perfect quiet
reigns. It is decidedly the most thor-
oughly, scientific and up-to-date optical
establishment west of Chicago. All ex-
aminations are perfectly free and every
one is made to feel at ease. Prices ex-
ceedingly reasonable.
'£¦» , San Francisco.
Boston Optical Institute^ — Gentlemen:
The glasses you fitted to my eyes are sim-
ply perfect. You certainly deserve the
greatest degTee of success as opticians. T
am sure that ¦ the public will soon learn
to appreciate you as I do. Sincerely yours,
• R. M. WOOD, -
520 Montgomery St., S. F.
Boston ©ptical
Institute
C6r.,Stockt<m,ElIls and MarhetSts.
Entrance 11 Stockton St.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.,
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: , •
¦ Harry O. Newberry, 28^ 1570 Jackson street,
and Nellie E. Ford, 23, 3251 Mission street.,
Irvin G. Lewis. 31, Los Angeles, and Bessie
Mighels, 30, Carson City, Nev, ,
Nils Ahlin, 28, 711 Central avenue, and
Theckla Hansen, 29, 2108 O'Farrell street.
August Muller, -31. ,872 Mission street. . and
Anna Lenz, Se.'-city. ' / - - . ...-.- ¦
Henry C Phillips, 61, Healdsburg, and Lydla
A. Bell, 60. Healdsburg. - . ,
Giuseppe Armlnino, 31, Stockton, and Maria
Arnunina, 21, 316 Broadway. . • -
H.Fred Suhr Jr., 24, 1137 Mission street, and
Edna B. Anderson, 20, 921 Golden Gate avenue.
Frank; E, Wilson, 27. Napa, and Angela
Brooks, 23, Vallejo.
William B. Waterman, 33, 2409 Devisadero
street.- and Evelyn. Mr Katz.- 24, 1532 O'Farrell.
Friend J. ! Lewis, 26, 393 Sixth i street, and
Mary E. McKeon, 21, 518 Sixth street. ,
Meade W.' Nicholson, 25. 2700 Twentieth
Btreet, and Mary A. R. Petersen, 21, 2700 Twen-
tieth street. . - ., .: - / ¦ :
¦ James W. Hale,- 25, " 1208 Turk street, : and
Violet I. G. Jackson, 20, 1939 Page street. ,
William E. Moxon, 40, Sacramento,' and Clara
Prince, 36, Sacramento. ¦• — •' '.
Tommaso, Corsiglia, 26, 414% Vallejo street,
and Caterlna Caferata, 21, .9 Pollards place.
Alexis . Baudln, 41, city, - and Angeline Bron-
dex, 39, city. , . : l
Frank Mazzone, 24, 2118 Mason . street, and
Lucretia Salvini. 15. 2118 Mason street. :
" Charles J. McCarthy, 25. 2337B Mission street,
and Jennie M. Leonard, 22, 1068 Noe street.
Frederick W. Kewell, 27, 727 Clayton street,
and Katherine T. Crowe, 24, 1923 Howard st.
Lutcy A. Scharetg, 21, 87Wi South Park, and
Ellen J. McCarthy, 17. 1108 H-arrlson street.
BIBTHS-MBBMES-DEATHS. t
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published, j
r BORN.;
COLLINS-In this city, September 20, 1901. to
the wife of George E. Collins, a daughter.
MONTGOMERY— In Sutter Creek, to the wife
of F.' ¦ A. Montgomery, a daughter.
¦ /.¦. ;••¦ . maeried"
ASHLEY— SPERRY— In this city, September
16, - 1901, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Moreau
Ashley and Fannie Belle Sperry. - ¦,: ' '¦¦
THOMAS— PACHECA— In this city, September
i 23, 1901, by the Rev. Frank K. Baker. Hugh
.Thomas and Pauline Facheca, both of San ,
Francisco. . ' -¦ - ..
— _______
. Anderegg, Katharlna Manley, Kate .
.- Cassldy, Mary O'Brien, Susan
Cosgrove; Rose. / Powers, Edward
Dlttmer. Herman W. Sand, Ferdinand
. Eran, James - Shlnkwln, Cornelius
j Feeney, ' Andrew Thorrtsen. Frederick '
Foge, Mathlas ', Thompson, John H.
, Kingston, Mary A. Twichell, Frank - .
Kirchner, Henry W. Wiederman, Paul ' j 5
Korts, Susie f. Woods. Annie
McMahon, Bessie M. , 1
ANDEREGG— In this city, September 24. 1901,
Kstharlna- Anderegg, beloved mother of Ru-
dolph Anderegg, Mrs. Cecelia Christen, Mrs.
Alvina Blumen thai and Herrman Anderegg
in Switzerland, and. sister of John Brugger
. of Portland, a native of Canton Bern, Switz-
erland, aged 74 years. (Portland, Or., papers
please copy.) .> '
in? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to'attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H.^\ Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. : -
CASSIDY— In this city, September 21. 1901,
"Mary Cassidy, a native of Ireland, aged 60
years. • • ... .
E7"The' funeral will take/ -place to-day
, (Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the par-
lor" of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171
Mission street. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by 2:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets. '
COSGROVE— In Beresford, San Mateo County,
September 24, 1901. Rose, . beloved wife of
Philip Cosgrove, and mother of J. T., Mary
and Clara E. Cosgrove, Mrs. J. Curley, Mrs.
Rose | McGlynn and Mrs. J. M. Lipplncott, a
. native of, Ireland, aged 66 years. \
IC7 The funeral will take place ' to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11:45 o'clock, at ..Beresford.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery on arrival of
1 o'clock train. Please omit flowers.
DITTMER— In Castro Valley, Haywards, Sep-
tember 23. 1901, Herman Wllhelm Dittmer,
beloved hutband of Mrs. Hermlne Dlttmer,
father of Oscar Dittmer, Mrs. Charles Just
and the late • Max Dittmer, and grandfather
of Edgar and Max Just, aged 77 years 10
months and. 4 days. '
Ey Friends and' acquaintances. are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the Presby-
terian Church, Haywards.
EGAN— In this city, September 23, 1901,'James,
beloved husband of Mary Egan, and brother
of W. J. Egan and Mrs. Mary Delay, a na-
tive of New York City, aged 45 years. .¦
¦ IC?" Friends 1— nd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
' (Wednesday^, at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking
Company, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ".
FEENEY— In this city, September 24, 1901, An-
drew Feeney, beloved brother of John, James,
. Michael,- Thomas, iMary. Belendle. and Cath-
erine Feeney and Mrs. Rathlgan, a native of
¦County Galway, Ireland, aged 39 years. I
IC7Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the . parlors of McBrearty &
Green. 1171 Mission street. . ' . ' A .
FOGE — In thi» " city, SeDtember 2& 1901,
Mathlas, dearly beloved husband of Mar-
. gerethe . Foce, beloved father of Mrs. C.
Daehuke, Mrs. D. von der Mehden; Mrs. B.
Bruse, Mrs. H. Mohr, John M., Jacob, Wll-
-helm, Freda, Amalie and the late Christian
Foge of this city, and brother of Wilhelm
Foge and Rebecca Ntebuhr ot'Hanover, Ger-
many, a native of Germany, aged 62 years.
(CThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his son, John M. Foge, 1511 Church
street. • Interment ¦ Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
PleaBe omit flowers. t
KIRCHNER— In Benicla, Cal., September 21,
1901. Henry W. Kirchner, beloved husband of
Margaret Kirchner, aged 81 years. • . • .
KINGSTON— In this city, September 21, 1901,
Mary A., beloved wife of James J. Kingston,
and. mother of Blanche, Leah and- Walter
Hubbard and Wesley Kingston, a native of
Massachusetts, aged '38 years 11 months and
2 days.
Ey Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to , attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 12:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1243 Broadway, thence to Fores-
ters' Hall, Alcazar bulldinjr, 120 O'Farrell
street, where services will be held under the
auspices of New Century Circle, F. of A., at
1 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KORTS— In this city, September 22, 1901, Susie,
wife of Henry Korts, loving sister of. Rose
Egan, Mrs. J. Adams and the late "Mary T.
'¦ Egan and Sister Mary Edwin, a native of
San Francisco. A member of the Youne
Ladles' Institute No. 1.. '.t ...
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
" fully Invited . to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2675 Twenty-second street, thent\e
to St. Peter's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated " for the repose of her
soul, at 9. o'clock. .Interment Holy . Cross
Cemetery. -.,,...
OFFICERS and members of Young Ladles' In-
stitute No. 1— You are hereby notified to at-
tend the funeral of our • late sister, Mrs.
Susie Korts, to-day (Wednesday), at 8:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 2675 Twenty-
second street. By order of the president. -
MARGARET PEACOCK." Etest."
' L. C. A' TERRY, Rec. Sec. " ' -.
McMAHON— In this City, September 22. 1901,
Bessie M.. beloved daughter of the -late
Thomas. F. and Mary McMahon, and sister
of Thomas and Agnes McMahon and Mrs.
F. L. Kelly and the late Mollle McMahon. a
native of Hollister, aged 18 years 11 months
and 23 days. ' ,. . ~ ¦
IDTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from;'. her late
residence, 1330 Florida street, between Twen-
ty-fifth • and : Twentv-slxth streets, thence to
St. Peter's Church for services, commencing
5 at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ¦ '¦" ; •- ' ;
MANLEY— In this ¦ city, September ' 23, 1301,
Kate Manley, a native of Ireland, aged' S3
yCfirS. ~ ' ''¦'•'¦ , ' •" i -' ¦ : "
- ; tCTRemalns at the parlors of J.- C. O'Con-'
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter. , ,.• . V ¦ . •. .
O' BRIEN— In ' this 3 city, September . 24, 1901,
\Susan, beloved daughter of Honor and tha
late James O'Brien, and sister" of "Thomas
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.- -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
tO Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
' ¦ ' ¦ Telephone South 80. • -
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
. ".¦• . San Mateo County. : ' ¦¦'-';
OFFICE 916 MARKET 8TREET.
>-/. .-:. J. HENDERSON. Manager.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,-
' '27 and 29 FiftWst. 'Tel. South Wl.
FUNERAL DIBECTORS AND EMBALMERS -
"Finest "Equipment at^Moderata Rates."
jambs Mcginn, :.-}
Formerly, with ! McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st., ¦ bet.
Taylor and Jones. 'Telephone South 578.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Association ;: M. : J.
McBrearty, with the ' same- company for 10
years; P. F. 'Green, late with J. C." O'Connor
is Co., have opened new Funeral Parlors at
1171. Missions street,", between -Seventh and
Eighth. Telephone South 44."- > - *- . . .
ROOMS TO LET— Piira. nmi Unfnrn.
BljRls T E~fT7~1i«6^.ia?k^
nlshed rms.. -suites, single! also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
, furnished sunny . ; rooms; ptlcea reasonable.
EDDY, 210— Back parlor, newly furnished, suit-
able for 2, gentleman and wife. y
EDDY, 826— Large newly furnished room with
-kitchen. $15; also single; rooms. .. .- . ,
ELLIS. 555— Carpeted front room, unfurnished;
large closet; gas. .• ' . .: .- ¦'. .• ¦'¦ .
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkin— Sunny ¦ "furnished
bedroom; double folding bed; one, $6; two, $8.
ELLIS, 825— Two sunny, furnished rooms/ to-
gether or single; bath, gas; private family. •
GEARY, 405, -The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single ; travelers accommodated.
GOUGH, , 437— Light furnished rooms, sunny;
gas, bath, single or suites. < ¦' ..'.-.
HARRIET. 54, near Howard — 4 room's newly pa-
pered; large, yard;, rent $11. "¦;-¦• ¦ ¦'
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market— Central location; new. build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by tha
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
LADY wishing nicely, furnished sunny room
call at ' 1520 Pacific ave.
LARKIN, 804— Large . sunny front ' nicely • fur-
nished; gas; light housekeeping If desired; $10.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness — Suites new fur. ; . single rooms,- $10 up.
McALLISTER, 465— Nice sunny room; gas,
bath; rent reasonable.- .-. : - . ¦
McALLISTER, 1400, corner Pierce — Choice sun-
ny furnished rooms with board. •?,-. .- ,-• .< :.-
MINNA, 631 B— Sunny room;, newly furnished;
accommodations for 1 or 2; private family. __
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient. •
MISSION. 930%— Laurel House; rooms to let;
-no transient. ¦ •" ¦¦•'.' .'•
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 . Market st. ' ) '
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL. House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $150; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER, 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
. to $7; singles $2 to $5 per week;- transient.
TURK, 643— Clean, sunny room; gas and bath;
$2 25 per week ; private. ~
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FlUmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. »., . - - . ¦ -. - ¦' . •
ROOMS AND BOARD.
' ' J* '-:' .,- ! ,"
HOTEL Lambourne — Strictly high. class; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable in price:
suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
' Eddy St., near Leavenworth.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE CECILERNE. 930 Van . Ness ave.
WANTED— A few boarders; first-class refer-
ences given and positively required; .every-
thing first class. . Box 898. Call office.
California, JS07 — Steve'nson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table ; attractive rooms.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL. 605 (Johnson House) — Sunny con-
servatory suite and others; excellent board. ¦
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or. Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. * ' ¦¦
.. ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.*
3 GENTLEMEN desire room and board; pri-
vate, family or family hotel: close In; must-.
be reasonable; best references. Box 867, Call.
WANTED— Board in Alameda by a young mar-
j tied couple with .2 small children. Box 606,
Call office. - ¦ ; .- ¦ ¦ . '
ROOMS WANTED.
LADY not at home In the day time wants fur-
nished room; Mission preferred. 29 Lapldge st.
SPECIAL NOTICES. .
$50 REWARD for the arrest and conviction of
the party or parties who destroyed the sinks
and stole the lead pipe, from 521 Mission st.
JAMES TOMPKINSON, 57 Minna st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
. CO., 415 Montgomery st,. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE .OP WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co ,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 MIs-
sion st.; tel. Howard 941. F. V W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van & Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut »ates.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing $1 per year.
AND SUPPLIES., ,
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3> The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sanaome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L..& M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
_ ¦_¦._ PROPOSALS. —
uTuVERlsiTT^oTri^allto^
tractors, Builders and Material Men— Notice
is hereby given to all concerned that- sealed
proposals or bids are solicited for the heat-
ing and plumbing of a building, to wit: A
residence for the President of said University
at Berkeley, California, and for performing
' the labor and" furnishing the - materials nec-
essary therefor; and said bids or proposals
will be received at the office of the Regents
- of the University. of California, in. the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art, corner of Mason
and California streets, San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, at or before 12 o'clock m. of the 30th
day of September, ¦ 1901. '
And notice is hereby further given that
the plans and specifications of said building
and of said work to be performed and mate-
rials furnished thereon have been made and
adopted and are placed in the office of Al-
bert Plssis. Architect, 807 . Sansome street,
San Francisco, where the same . may. be seen
- and" examined .- during each day from 9
o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock p. m. from this
day until 12 m. i on the 30th day of Septem-
ber, 1901. . . ; . • • . ;--,,
.. No bids ; or proposals will ¦- be . considered
unless the same are accompanied' by a cer-
tified check or a bond of said proposer In the
sum of ten (10? per cent of his proposal, with
, sufficient sureties, conditioned that If said
bid or proposal shall be accepted the party
proposing will duly 'enter into a proper'con-
tractto faithfully perform the duty and ob-
' llgations In accordance with, said proposal
and plans and specifications, which shall be
• and are hereby, required to be a part of such
¦contract. The .right to reject . any and all
bids is hereby reserved. • .¦-,--
This notice is given pursuant to an act en-
titled, "An Act to Amend an Act . entitled,
¦ 'An Act to create- and Organize the Univer-
sity of California,' approved March 23, 1868,
and an Act amendatory of Section 25 thereof,
approved March 28, 1872, relating to the con-
struction of buildings," approved' March 3,
1S97. - ! -¦•¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦..¦¦ '¦--¦¦ ¦. . "•¦ ¦ ¦¦¦-•
By Order I of • the jj Commute* on Grounds
and Buildings. •--» •• ¦•¦¦-*- • --¦ -
W, A. McKOWEN, Acting Secretary.
Dated September 19. 1901. :..-'¦ : . >
PROPOSALS — State prison supplies and power
—Sealed proposals. will be received at the of-
fice' of the. clerk at the- State prison, San
.' Quentin. until 10:20 a. m., ; Saturday, " the
• fifth day of October, . 1901, at which tlma and
place they will be opened in -the presence
; of bidders, for furnishing fuel coal, : fuel oil,-
and' electric power, or other I power jfto run
. the jute mill at San Quentin, from the 1st
- - day. of ' January, 1902, to the 80th day : of
June, . 1902. inclusive. ¦ Each bidder must ac-
company his bid^with a certified check in the
, sum of one thousand dollars upon some well*
-.known and' responsible banking-house, pay-
•- able ' to I R. I M. . Fitzgerald, I president of , the
board; conditioned that the bidder, will enter
into a contract upon notice of acceptance, as
required by law/ All payments made on Con-
tracts will be : paid In cash : or Controller's
warrants. " Bidders will' carefully ' follow .the
conditions of the schedules, and all bids must
A- be made upon fhe schedules,'- which .will • be
furnished upon application j to the Clerk of
¦ „ the Board," : at San Quentin, [ CaL j The - Board
¦ reserves the right- to reject any and all bids,
, as the . public . interest may. require, and to
order any quantity under or .over the amount
specified" in* the. schedule." ' ¦" ¦ .
- R.-M. FITZGERALD, , President.
; J.' tS.. OLIVER, Clerk. -
MUSICAL nSTRUMKXTS.
A BON\\NZAn?O^SNAP~HUNTERsT\
PIANOS. . , J, ,;'*-
1 good upright. $55; 1 better. JS5.
2 good grands. $175. $155.
5 uprights, $135. Hod, $lbO. $190. $198.
Also Conover, Stelnway. Weber. Vose, Curtaz,
Decker Bros., Pease, Standard, liltie used.
ORGANS.
1 ("••stop, $33: 1 7-Etop. $<4.
I 7- «.. p. M«: 1 fine like new. $64.
1 2-manual. $75; 1 16-etop, Liszt style. - :
Mason & Hamlin, very fine. $150.
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
IS O'Farrell st. Chickering Agency.
14.000 t-q. feet: largest and oldest piano house.
ALL pianos purchased oi SHERMAN. CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grad piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
month; some good plane*. sold for $3, $4 and
$5 Der month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. Pan Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
A SPECIAL feature of our trade is selecting
pianos for persons at a distance who are
not able to call; every mall brings us such
orders and if you are in need of help In this
way do not wait, but send in an - order at
once and we will guarantee to suit you.
Our celebrated Decker or Baumeister al-
ways give satisfaction.
The ZEXO MAUVAIS Music Co., 769 Mrkt.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
withlti 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
prlc; ccets you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 80
O'Farrell St.: established 1850.
ALL highest grades »old by Heine Piano Co.,
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davis; great bar-
gain list. $50 up; Steinway. $1S5 up; Fischer.
$100; Chickering. $165; 20 others; rents $2 up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary Et
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.
WE open a special sale of Hazelton and other
high grade pianos: also some first class sec-
ond hand uprights. THE J. DEWING CO..
room 12, Flood building.
"APOLLS" (self-playing pianos) at one-half
price this week at 933 Market St. THE
WILF.Y B. ALLEN CO. '
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
i SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st. .
LEFT on sale— Antisell large upright. $126;
Stelnway. $165. 217 Geary st., room 36.
MAGNIFICENT high grade upright piano: sac-
rifice; leaving city. 770 O'Farrell Bt.
$06 — Emerson and 7 bargain uprights and baby
grand. . Fay's Piano Factory. 1729 Mission.
WANTED— Sohmer square piano. BYRON
MAUZY. S0«-312 Post st. '
STEIXWAY. $200: Hartman. $100; elegant new
j pianos, $150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
j ELEGANT piano as good as new: standard
j make; a sacrifice. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St., near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway 'bargains.
$75 AND upward-Fine upright*. PIERCE' S
• Piano Factory. Market, 14th and Church sts.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 208 Post st. .
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 660 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. 3. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO Lease— 3 sunny lofta or separate, 65x60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
ply COLLINS. 500 Mission St. ,
$6— A nice office; gas free. Room 29, BIythe
building, 14 Grant ave.
PACIFIC. 22S— Handsome large store; rent
cheap. .
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d; tel Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
MME. -ZELLA, celebrated palmist and card
reader, from N.- Y. 15 Powell St.. parlors 1-2.
I ' ' =
i PARTNERS WANTED. "
i ¦-¦¦-¦¦-
PARTNER for carpet cleaning works. 2413
Santa Clara ave.. Alameda. - - -
. . . personals. ,. , :
IF Richard D. Harwood. who left for China on
vessel carrying horses for Eng. Gov., or his
friends, will com. with undersigned regarding
his whereabout*, he will hear something of
Importance. . Henry C. Schaertzer, Atty. at
Law, £30 California St.. San Francisco, Cal.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
. der, $13; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments. $1 weokly. L. LEMOS. 1U7 Mar-
ket st., between Seventh and Eighth.
COSMETIC ARTIST— If you want the hair,
molts or marks on your face removed per-
manently, without pain or scar, call on MISS
v GRt'BER. S598 ISth St., corner Guerrero. ¦
ONE BOTTLE of Plnus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price"
$2 DO per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med 1 .
Co.. 734 Valencia St.. S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 ffl to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr. I.G. Moore, 33* O'Farrell; send for circular.
ELECTRICITY is life; all run down systems
rejuvenated. 15 Powell st., parlors 1 and 2.
Dixon's Permanent Superfluous Hair Remover at
druggists', hairdressers". Free trial. 935 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1113 Sutter st.
OBESITY cured: no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO., 736 Valencia St., bet. 18th and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the beat
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In- the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
1'LAXIXC AND TURXIXG BULLS. "
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
I'HYSICIAXS AND SURGEONS.
DrTc. C. O*DONNELL-Offlce and residence",
1021% Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials - at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-76S Clay St.; see testimonials at office. -
DR. NO TOY KEE, 210 Stockton et.. • opp.
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs. .
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For S*le
SPECIAL bargain— 160 acres land, near Yuba
City, Sutter County, short distance from
Marysville: all rich valley land under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land will be sold In whole or in
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
buildings; well v fenced; short distance from
Yuba City, Sutter County: will be sold In
whole or in part to suit 'purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated in the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be seen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers -will address box 4980, Call office,
for Information, a bargain will be given.
'. FOR SALE NEAR 8AN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st., for pam-
phlets and information. ... , .
FOR SALE or exchange for city or Oakland
property, 160 acres in Salinas Valley, with
house and outbuildings; also horses and farm-
ing Implements complete; 20 acres in full
bearing orchard. For full particulars call
on owner. Ct Ninth st., San Francisco.
FOR bargains in timber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also large list of desirable city sites, i See
The Phelps Lewis Co., 702 Market st. .
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres; El
Dorado ¦ County, near R: R. Box 222, Call.
CHOICE farm bargains; call or send for list.
Wooster. Whltton & Montgomery. 034 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petal uma. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada oae year for $1,
postag, paid. -~;.^; :^. -, . \"SIR", -HARRT ! WESTWOOD COOP
ER AND; THE DETECTtVE | WHO
I BROKE DOWN HIS EVIDENCE.
Petition "-. in Insolvency. ?
# Petitions I in * insolvency^.were j filed ' yes
terday Jn\tho'>Unitedi States District Court
as »'A1> Ilfi.Thoinas Tot * San f Jose,
liabilities 912.636 10, no assets.'; Most of \ the
liabilities .were as stockholder of, the In
solvent Union ' Savings Bank ¦ of i San Jose.
Cephas C.^ Burkett," laborer, Oakland. ; lla
hlifties:$861'90; no assets... •:- r -v .'*--..; . ,
\O. 'i B. ; and N.; Co. Officials Herel/
' B.'*.; Campbell, o, traffic ?% manager ''' of -i the
Oregon § Railroad*? and Navigation {Com-'"
pany.'l and^ A.". :L^Cralg,^ traffic 'passenger
1 agent I of K the | same I corporation, « arrived
here> yesterday from Portland,' Or.^. Camp
bell i say b s that * s their } visit '=^ tor s San \ Fran-"
k cisco i is ; simply >to 1 make al few,, arrange-'
intents! In preference >,to ttrafflc ': matters ; t of
the : company .\VThey ; expect 1 to ! remain ! in
'this I city i several* days. < --i- J -[ '¦'i l .t\'"J'"'::;
. . '".'T.'". .r.'j*..' .' '^'.i.'\*:-.: : .K ',':.'
•• -Did you; eay. Rye? : ; Then try' Jesse Moore Rye*
— the? flnwit 1 ln^ the' world. r ' ,-. : v'^'\?-\ '¦'.")*''.;
*¦><¦)¦ One, of »the' mostfsucciessful-'couhty.con-]
ventlons • of the -Women's' Christian • Te«n
perancqtUniGni'of this clty.^as'heldiyes
tertlay i In,, the I Calif ornlaistreet \ Methodist
Church. The morning, session was devoted
to \theV reading - : " of t reports » Indicating 5'4'
riiost'i prosiwi ')us ; condition ;of affairs. An
election v of <' officers ; followed;''.' and ¦ •¦ those
who had so well- served. the organization
tor ; the -t a&t * year ' were re-elected ¦ as : tol
lOWS:-' v '::.j-.'-;.- v .'• ¦,.;.-..:-.¦,. i'.-'.-. '-.',"v':. : ;>' .->¦:,.?'
m Pref,f«er.t.f Mrs. 1 / A." -E^ is Bradley; ' : vice
president; j Mrs.", L. ? P. icorre-'
"ponding Etcretary, 11 Mrs*.'f J essle Qlarn: ¦ re-'
cording > £ secretary, ; Mrs. "£ Angle ;
treuvr. rer, ' Mrs.- Emma'Howard.^.. 1 -,- v ;
V After, a basket I lunch ) spread I in the lec
ture s room ¦; thei afternoon was ¦ devoted ¦ to
devotional - exercises; opened « by S Mrs. ' LV,
"W. t?i Bckley ; >i addresses * on | the 4 "* canteen
from the \v. C.' T.vU.i and army standpoint
, by. Mrs. Mary Case 1 Lord 1 and * George ; W. s
Boggs of the Twenty-ninth < Company 1 of
Coast ' Artillery ; I songs ' byj; Mr. and * Mrs..
F. I. Wheat, . and an 1 address on the scan- -
teen ? from -. the ; pulpit* standpoint by Rev. 4
Y.' L>Wheat/3': •-*-; ri';r<..^.y.r. >;ri««i m'U^'- '¦:<
m The Ki evening « exercises v* comprised ',- an
elocutionary contest among six young la
dies, ¦ ¦;¦ a ., temperance .address , by >, Rev. fAfl
1 C. Bahe, a song by Miss de' Forrest and
religious -exercises. 1 • .-;/.-' •.¦;-.-"¦;-- -.--.;•.
• Discuss the Army Canteen- Question
/and Elect Of flcersl lor Ensuing : ; : : '
' TiMPERAiroE:;\wci^^
: '0: ; MBETc^fcbNyENTIOIf
-; M; Silvefman, a tailor ,\who 1 was arrested
Sunday night ' by: Policeman Douglass * for
malicious '% mischief and 'f disturbing ¦:¦> the
peace, ,' appeared H before " Judge 3 Fritz 'yes
terday.! a; He ; and two' friends^wenf to the
synagogue on i Sutter street; but were re
fused a dmlsslon, '; as ¦ they '¦ did not : have * a'
ticket." :<: It f ; was ;• alleged /that J, Silverman
raised | a "disturbance '¦¦ and* had to-be': club
bed by; the -officer.^ After, hearing the tes
timony of. several witnesses the Judge dis
missed the • caee. '.*¦¦.- ¦' : v ; '• ' • J . f - - *-;. V.>---\ ."¦ -.* ; : '
SUvermaxr; Is * Acquitted. V
: - The dog , poisoner is again at - work - in
the Potrero. "Within the last ten days
a dozen pet dogs have been poisoned with
strychnine. ¦¦ O. Schenckle. J. ¦ Coffer
James. Norton, J. Regan and S. Benson!
living near Twentieth and Potrero ave^
nue. and P. J. Dempsey of 706 Hampshire
street are among the losers. -Assistant
Secretary McCurrie of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals is in
vestigating. < • • :• .: . -,
IK>g Poisoner at Work.
Alexander S. Less filed a suit yesterday
against (the - executors \of! thei Fairi estate,'
M. ' Marcuse '& Co. and I other, occupants of
a' building ' at ; 125 ¦ Sansome 4 street, ) owned
by the ; estate, : for $25,000 damages for; in
juries ' sustained awhile , H employed ; at . the
building as . anv elevator ; tender. Less al
leges i that I the ! accident; in .which*; he < was
hurt ", was caused :by; the .unsafe .condition
of 1 the ' elevator . and • due ' to ; the i clareless
ness of the defendants. ¦; :: -
Asks Damages for Injuries.
not • told the truth i regarding the happen
ings, in the Ogden Jail. —>,-, v. . . ¦ ! '
.-Judge Lawlor reproved the attorney. for
Cooper when the latter asked a number of
insulting ¦- questions of Detective Pender,
and stopped the line of examination.' -/¦
Capain- of 1 Detectives Seymour told -of
the : documents , Cooper had mado ; to ' bol
ster up . the ; story v of ( the mythical- estate
that the ex-convict - dangled . ' before .'.the
eyes of Mrs. Schneider and her family.',:-;
'. The defense sought to • prove that an en
gagement I to marry had ¦ existed', .between
Cooper and , Norine Schneider,- and-intro
duced v evidence to show, that ¦ the ex-resi
dent. of - San . Quentin prison >" had 'pur
chased', an engagement ; ring; and 4 had • In
serted I an ' announcement • In j the 1 Crockett
papers. j . .- . : k, ¦. ¦¦^ l .i'. C-"-.-,'Viv : ;.'.;:.'--.;- f ?
Cooper • went . on" the' witness- stand, and
without ' hesitancy declared -..a that : the
forged . telegram forming, the 1 basis Of the
trial was sent\by him, to N.orlhe Schneider
with her '. entire kno wledge t r. and % that : ' it
was so sent for the ; purpose of giving her
Pender was placed on the witness stand
and detailed how he had arrested Cooper
in Ogden. The two telegrams .were found
In the prisoner's valise " there, the officer
said.. The" documents were held by. s the
Ogden police and turned over to Detective
Byron of San Francisco, who . brought
Cooper back to this city. Pender swore
that Cooper never had ' a chance to write
the telegrams In his cell In Ogden, and
completely broke down ' the evidence of
the ex-convict from , beginning | to end aa
regards the making of. the telegrams in
troduced In evidence. . Cooper' faked . the
telegrams while en route to . Ogden with
Norine Schneider and signed Mrs. Schnei
der's name to them. They purported to be
from the mother to her daughter, telling
the latter to stay with the man whom she
had been Induced by fraud to marry."' •• ~^
; Cooper was greatly agitated when called
to the witness stand, nnd he volunteered
! the statement that Detective Pender had
tives Seymour, District • Attorney Bylng
ton and his assistant, William Alford. ; ~
The twenty-ninth anniversary \ of .'. the
Swedish Society will be held at Turn
Vereln.HaU, 323. Turk street, Saturday
evening, October 5. A. O.. Llndstrom is
the president of the society. An elaborate
programme has been prepared for the oc
casion. Among those who will participate
*._ Evans, Devera and Evans, the Swe
dish Singing Society and Master Perdval
Evans. The entertainment will conclude
with a one-act comedy, and will be fol
lowed by dancing. .^ .
Swedish Society to Entertain.
5 Books, magazines | and papers are I being
sent to : the Philippines in 1 large ' quantities
by, the members .of ; the Red : Cross \ socie
ties. ¦. Mrs. : I. Lowenbergr. . chairman' of the
committee ? this . good ."work 'In
charge, reports that the last consignment
of reading. matter- consisted of forty-four
bound; 'books, 'fifty-fours paper-covered
books, 882 magazines and 1318 papers.' All
Interested in the work should send books
and other literature to , room 228, Phelan
building.- ,:j: :.,„,' .-• •'¦<'¦ -
Books f of '_ Manila Library.
The Federal Grand Jury yesterday in
\-estlgated ¦ the case of D.*-D. Wass. held
to answer for ' ' having charged to the
United States Government as work done
on array transports work that he had
done on the residence, of Captain John
Bameson. An agreement was reached
thzt when the Grand Jury should make
its report on Friday it would ismore the
btl'.. the Jury having been convinced that
the whole affair - arose out of a trivial
clerical error and that the - Government
hnd not been defrauded.
Contractor Was Exonerated.
i NEGLECTED HIS V WIFE.— Lavinia ' Harris
was 1 granted U divorce from • David I D. 1 Harris
by Judge Grah&m yesterday for failure to- pro
vlde.'v ¦ ;¦:. ¦; ¦¦'.;:-,'-„¦.¦ '-¦ • : . "';.'.. - '¦ ¦ ¦..':¦;'. \'-:, •,....¦
• Roanoke } Rye; Honey and Horehound.
Get.it;> You' 11? not regret it.' •
i City; Attorney Lane filed ¦ an Important
'opinion -yesterday regarding the proposed
issuance of bonds for the purchase of
library sites on ..which to erect public
library buildings , .for . ;which ; purpose t the
sum of $750,000 has been offered by An
drew Carnegie. . Lane outlines the method
of ¦ procedure in the ; submission of the
question to , a vote of the people.- He says
that in case it is necessary to issue bonds
the question of their issuance cannot be
voted upon at the • next general election,
but must be submitted ar. a special elec
tion to, be called ' for . that purpose. The
opinion says: ; ¦ , \ ¦
"If the land is to be purchased ! out of the tax
levy It ¦ is necessary to submit - the ordinance
providing ¦ for its purchase * to the I electors; . a
majority of the - vote cast upon the , ordinance
being sufficient to adopt it.-T'. ¦- V
- If an ordinance Is , passed to purchase out- of
tax levy funds » the • description - of • the site
should be by metes \ and . bounds or lots and
blocks, according to . recorded I or . official maps.
The section is not as clear as It might be upon
this point, but. the , only safe 'way to proceed
would be to ¦ designate the particular piece of
property . with ¦ accuracy . in toe ordinance. Of
course, preliminary ¦ measures | are not ¦ required
to ¦ be submitted to the electors and therefore
the board - could ¦ proceed to investigate the
various sites available and obtain .valuations
or options thereon according to the usual meth
ods only the ordinance . to .1 purchase needing
for Its validity the ratification of the voter*.
• If ¦ the . several sites -for • brunch libraries I to
'««ther involve the expenditure of over $50,0C0,
it will be necessary, to. submit an ordinance for
thei- '. purchase -, to the electors. Each propo
sltlsn to a 1 ' proposed 'bond Issue must be voted
on separately, ¦ as library situs, library, bund-
Ing, ' school . building,' : park extension , lands,
hospital, sewers. : ' ' ,
No abstract to the title of tie Lincoln School
property is at hand, but If 'I «m correctly in
lormed it was conveyed by the Commissioners
cf the funded debt to the Board of Education
in 1858; that subsequently it vaa leased to pri
vate parties under legislative authority. I am
of the opinion that such leasehold Interest may
properly be subject I to | condemnation proceed
ings. - All :, the t propositions • involving the issu
ance'of bonds may be voted upon at the same
election on the same day, each proposition ! be
ing -¦ entirely ¦ Independent, as ¦ before .. stated. ¦:
City Attorney Lane Out
lines the Method of
Procedure. ; /
a chance, to deceive her sister, and leave
her home in order to marry him. The ex
. convict was forced to admit that he had
no estates in England, * and that lie had
promised to t-ettle $20,000 on \ Norine
Schneider in order to deceive her mother.'
; The case- will be argued this. morning
'and it will go to the Jury during the day.
It is likely that Cooper will be prosecuted
on a charge of bigamy and the prosecu
tion is now preparing ' its case. Bertha
Young, 'one of the Australian victims of
the Impostor, is/in daily attendance at the
trial of Cooper and is prepared to; testify
that she was . married to the arch-de
ceiver. : Norine Schneider's ¦ marriage ' to
Cooper will clearly - establish bigamy, and
if convicted Cooper can be sent to State's
prison for ten; years. A conviction on the
charge of forging a; telegram with intent
to, deceive and defraud Norine -Schneider
can be punished .with ten . years' penal
servitude. Cooper- plainly, shows by his
demeanor that he fears' a. long term of
imprisonment if convicted on account of
his prior sentence. .'77::, ,
HOW TO ACQUIRE
LIBRARY SITES
A joint meeting of directors of the San
Francisco Board of Trade, the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association and
probably the Merchants' Exchange, the
State Board of Trade and the San Fran
cisco Produce Exchange will be held to
morrow forenoon at 10 o'clock in the
rooms of the Board of Trade, on Market
street, the leading purpose being to still
further express the disapproval of i the
business community of San Francisco of
the course of the Examiner. Conferences
took place yesterday • between leading
business men at which the Examiner was
mentioned in very . uncomplimentary
terms. It was originally expected that
the several commercial organizations
would meet separately and that the San
Francisco Board of Trade would lead off
to-morrow with a special meeting of its
directors. Yesterday representatives of
other bodies asked to be included In - the
call for the meeting- which was sent out,
and this plan was adopted. ,
The Joint meeting to be held to-morrow
will be executive, but the resolutions
adopted will be given out afterward for
publication. The action of the San Fran
cisco Chamber of Commerce in excluding
the Examiner, from its rooms and in
structing its secretary not to give to the
Examiner or to its reporters any news
has been so generally commended by the
business . community that it is expected
the Joint conference wlil make a similar
move and also pledge the individual ac
tion of the several organizations. . The
Merchants' Association will consider its
attitude in this matter at a regular meet
ing to be held Friday morning.
.Father Shahan in speaking of the cru
sades pictured the condition of the various
countries of Europe : wnen .the armies
marched to the Holy Land, at the behest
of the Pope, to wrest the . eepulcher of
Christ from the hands of the, infidel. He
described the vast 'hosts of nobles and
soldiers who bore the red cross on their
breasts as a sigh of . fealty to the . vows
they, had taken. : ¦ .1-
The struggle between the Christian hosts
and the Moslems was described In inter
esting detail, and the speaker told of the
millions of men who fell in the cause. He
also dwelt ' upon the quarrels of the ' Cru
saders that defeated the praiseworthy aim
of .those who had roused all Christendom
to arms for. the rescue of the Holy Land.
. The I distinguished - speaker reviewed the
formation of the Knights of St.' John, the
Knights ' of the Temple or Templars • and
the .Teutonic Knights | after ! the : return of
the ' armies to Europe , from Palestine. * The
experience , gained In travel and" associa
tions by the ; Crusaders had ¦ a ¦ good effect
upon the populations j of ¦ European ¦ na
tions. Art, : literature, ; trades •> and com
merce were. fostered, and. the political re
sults of the | crusades ¦'- were • pronounced.
Many > lessons , had • been . learned that
proved "most i beneficial, and gentle man
ners were introduced among the ¦ people. ¦'
In, closing his lecture • Father Shahan
said that the crusades of the eleventh and
twelfth . centuries »: were the /political
schools of Europe and: that t the wars of
the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries were
really- crusades, 9) as R they -were - the - last
death struggles between Christianity and
paganism.': ;«/.?•; - 1 •.•"". ...>¦¦• . - -, , ; ,,...
When General Smith advanced to i the
front pt the platform he was accorded an
ovation that lasted for more than a min
ute. - His • brief speech or introduction of
Father} Shahan /was enthusiastically re
ceived. .- . : i :\-'r\ ¦¦'¦':'¦¦• ':'¦'':
. The lecture /delivered by Rev. ; Father
Shahan last evening at Metropolitan
Temple on "The Crusades" attracted a
large audience, an extra attraction being
the presence in the chair of General James
F. Smith, who recently returned from the"
Philippines. ¦ ••- , "
Commercial Bodies Call
j [for a General Con
ference.
Father Shahan Speaks
on Great Religious
Struggles.
YELLOW PRESS
PROVOKES IRE
Edward Overand and Emil Elllen, small
boys, were arrested yesterday by Police
man Cassin on a charge of burglary.
They broke Into the bakery of P. Poppil
ton, Twenty-first and Kentucky streets,
early Monday morning and stole a quan
tity of cakes and tickets for bread. They
were recently released from, the Boys' and
Girls' Aid Society. Their parents live in
the Potrero.
Boys Accused of Burglary.
Judge Coffey made an order yesterday
directing the final distribution of 'the $1,
000,000 estate of John H. Baird, who died
November 12, 1880. >' Under the terms of
Balrd's will three-fourths of the estate,
consisting of eight blocks of land located
eouth of the park panhandle and embrac
ing a great many lots and parcels of land
in the neighborhood of |he Chutes, was
to be held in trust un^il his youngest
child, David Jennings Baird, became of
age. Baird named as trustees his wife,
Veronica Baird. Adam Grant and Eben
eier Scott. Grant resigned his trust a
ehort time after the will was filed for
probate.
At the time of the death of Baird his
family consisted of his wife, Marie V..
John Rush, Miles, Thomas and David J.
Baird. The last named child was but 3
months old, and until August 22, 1901, when
he became of age, the estate was held in
tact, except that certain portions were
sold to raise money to defray the cost of
street Improvements and for the main
tenance of the family. <
The property has greatly increased' in
value and at present is worth much more
than $1,000,000. The present * location of
the Chutes is part of the estate.
Marie V. Baird, the eldest of the heirs,
is the wife of Barry Baldwin, son of ex-
Unlted States Marshal Baldwin. David
Baird, whose coming of age has ended the
long trusteeshin of his mother and Scott,
was a private in the First California Reg
iment and saw service in' the Philippines,
as did also his brother Miles, who was a
private In the Fourteenth United States
Infantry. John Baird is at present study-
Ing law, having but recently returned
from a tour of the worlds
REVIEWS WARS
OF CRUSADERS
¦Dr. Maclean says -the operation was a
capital- one, and that only heroic meas
ures could have saved the patient's life.
. '.'Now that we have recovered the piece
el.- his collar,'.'., said Dr. Lamb,: "we are
anxious .to know, what became of the col
lar button. We made fe. search for it in
the wound, but could find to trace of it."
Forsstrom, though still suffering from
the- operation, ¦ declares 'that he feels a
much different man. The physicians are
confident that within a month he.,will be
restored to good health. . " . ,
On the afternoon of October 23 last year
Forsstrom was riding a bicycle on Golden
Gate avenue near Larkin street. Just as
he crossed the latter thoroughfare he
crashed into a light buggy driven by H.
L. Jones, an employe of a local carpet
beating establishment. The shaft of the
tivggy penetrated - his chest, Just below
the neck, carrying everything with it. The
injured man was taken to the Receiving
Hospital and temporarily treated. ¦
Ever since the accident the injured
man has been In. a precarious condition.
At times he was able to sit -up. but was
unable to do any work.. The wound re
fused to heal, and after a long course of
treatment the physicians determined that
some foreign . substance was resting on
Forsstrom' s heart. Drs. Lamb and Mac
lean-determined upon' an operation, and
on Monday the patient was placed on the
operating table. . ¦
An incision was made in his chest, • be
tween the third and fourth ribs, and the
course of the wound was followed. There
was much pus, and after the wound had
been cleaned the physicians found a piece
of the injured man's collar, about two
and a half Inches by one inch in size,
resting directly over his heart in the pleu
ral cavity. The young man had worn a
'"turn down" collar on the day of the ac
cident, and It was one end of this that
was forced into his body.. Some months
before a shred of the collar had forced
its way out.. .. - ...
After carrying: a large* piece of his shirt
collar In his body, Just over his heart, for
eleven months, Emlle.. Forsstrom Is ex
peilencing* relief. The annoying piece of
linen was removed . on Monday by Dr. D.
Maclean, assisted by Dr. F. T. Lamb.' .
Property "Worth More Than
a Million Dollars Is to
"^ Be Divided.
Surgeons Make Strange Find
in Operating on Injured J
;* 'Cyclist.
Judge Coffey Orders Dis
tribution of Valu
able Estate.
Emile Forsstrom Carries
j Piece of Linen Over
His Heart.
BAIRD TRUST
IS TERMINATED
END OF COLLAR
ENTERS CAVITY
PROSECUTION FURNISHES SURPRISE
IN TRIAL OF "SIR" HARRY W. COOPER
Detective J. F. Pender of Ogden ; Quietly- Arrives in and
on the Witness Stand Gbmpietely Breaks Down the -testimony
of Notorious Ex-Convict as ; to Writing of- Bogus Telegrams
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL V :W
THE trial of ."Sir"- Harry .West
wood Cooper, alias "Dr." Ernest
Moore Cljadwlck, the notorious
ex-convict, on a charge of having
forged a telegram in order to dupe
Norine Schneider .into a. marriage with
hie was continued yesterday in the court
of . Superior Judge Lawlor, when a big
surprise was given to the defense by the
prosecution. .¦""¦
"Sir""" Harry had glibly swore that he
had not shown his young girl -dupe two
telegrams while on the train . going to
Ogden on the marriage trip and said the
telegrams had been written by him. while
in the Jail at Ogden for the 'purpose of
giving Norine Schneider a chance to ex
plain matters to, her mother.
Detective James F. Pender of the Ogden
police department proved Cooper to be a
monumental liar". The officer arrived on
Sunday from Ogden, and his - presence
here was known only to Captain of Detec-
14
IflDr.^LrAf Alyey has removed ,to Bt^Ann's
I Bldgr/, 6 Eddy} St.* 3d floor, 7 rooms 45^48X • % 1
Makes delto^
griddle Gakes r roilsand;i^
An absolutely porc r cream of tartar powder,
¦^^^s^BBB^B^^B5^^^^B^BB^B^S5Ja^MPi^B^HBlBvB^SBm^BVQaB ' " " ¦ ''-*•'¦"''*-*-'' ¦** * ¦ * '¦ * ' "*' "--' "* - ¦'¦ : '• -'' * ¦¦''¦'
«OYAl^BAKING POWDER CO« 100^ WILLIAM »TV: NEW YORK ; V' {
SjA^E
iVo§etfs Dress
:'" \ '¦¦/.--..and.... .M
rWallir Skirts.
.-''• ¦- -' ¦¦*'¦'¦¦' ¦¦¦•!*~'Y _^__',- ¦..-'-¦'.''-¦¦¦'¦' - '-,•¦
sUNRiVALED?. WALKING - SKIRTS, "cut"
¦ • . with flare..- strapped Beams, inside aeams !
.'" - . bound and!! tailored : ' the . .very; latest i thing ,
.;'Qf. the season in. Grays, Oxford and Blue;
-¦?. made i of ; feeavy ; all-wool ,¦: suiting-; v deep
:_:•. stitching - on '>' bottom ; ¦; , sold C, everywhere .
. $3 C0;-,our.iprice 1 t6-day.: I ...;i>'<l»|?-C|SK :
'WALKING SKIRTS, usually sold at |4 00; *
'y- our •; price .\\;*. . ;:. :;' jjl O? BCiy
1 DRESS ! QVfiKSKIRTS, ' sold i elsewheretat '
-. : M 60; ; our, i?rt? e A to-day. . . .'. ; V: <j» f\ > Ck B^
- DRESS r dVERSKIRTSr duplicate of Twhlch
.- '.you ;..cannot i buy •' elsewhere •: under : $7, 00 ; '
: .'j our price . to-day ."': ; ; : . ..-;.. . . i: <r» ¦* ¦? » |-| i
I v ¦
(r^NNELE^TTEilWRAPPER/: a i RQ i»S
s/i good $1". 00 value.>. On , sale;. . .-.-.-.-(Op w >
v FLANNEL 'WRAPPERS. a good * O /Hfi, V
f- W 25 value;^Onjsale^... l ,........loDC !
• ; PiIaNNEL'' WRAPPERS^ made; fat ~-i good "'¦
"*' German ¦ Flannel ; ¦ good $2 00 ' *> t >¦>¦ BS '.
; Rvalue. j^.On 7 sale, h . . .'. >. r. : . i ", O, I . nl O
* PERCAUE3 vWRAPPERS.Ydark ; 'sold i
:/.:yelcewher»i|l 00, i i Our » price \ to-TH»£x^>
:.:.:.;;,:. .:;v.v.-::^>iOclCi
;,;-„•', -». .:• ¦• Sices - r of -i Wrappers;' 83 • to'.' 46. .- ; '¦¦¦t^::
:'w6mbn*8 /r;, 1 eiderdown,- I dressing;
' i-" S ACQUE8,". all " colon • and : size* ; f £> a; >» s
¦^H'-OO quainy;i;.On;i^e.r.v.;;.r..!|POCl
f$l 60 -quality i DRESSING i?^ .;• "OK^^
v<BACQUES.; ¦¦ On Sale.......:.:.. .". CfOC
KWE;CWSE;At6>CU)Cll%^
ADVEBTISEMEHT8. V
We call special attention to
the following lines of* Goods
which we will place on sale
MONDAY, September 23d, all
of which will be found to be
exceptional values.
GENTS' NECKWEAR. g
2 Cases GENTS 1 NECKWEAR, In Tecks, Imperials,
Bows; Scarfs and Four-ln-Hands. These are all new
stules an! colorings, and are in dark, medium and
-llgbt shades.-^ / . =
Prices 25c to 75c tacn.
HANDKEI^eHIEFS.
We haye just opened a large Importation of LADIES 1
AND MEN'S JINE LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKER-
CHIEFS, heautlfullB hemstitched, in guarter, half
and one Inch hems. These Handkerchiefs are from
the factors of Richardson Sons & Owden, Belfast,
Ireland.
Prices $1.75 to $9.00 Dozen.
LADIES' SKIRTS.
' 3 Cases MERCERIZED MOREEN SKIRTS, With deep
accopdeon- pleated flounces, }n all the leading
colorings j also Blacks. These Skirts were made to
our order and will he sold at
GLOVES.
: We are sole agents fop the Celehrated REYNIER
I GLOVE, and have Just opened up a yern large con-
' signmentln the latest shades— Doth Glace and Suede.
FEATHER BOAS.
- 15 Dozen NEW FEATHER BOAS, in White, Black,
. Gran and Natural, U to 2 uards in length, yeru
; nne auailties. . ;^.^
111
Dl. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
\ ' . 'Phone Howard 102L
119 TAYLOR STREET.
FREE THIS WEEK," 10c tins PET
CREAM with every pound of coffee.
DIITTCD Elgin Creamery. "Gen- ft ft*
hll I rn uine." 'Pound.... /IJC
uu ¦ ¦ T 1 , 1 Fancy tablo butter. No *" UU
limit Wednesday. .¦- Regular 23c ..'"*- ¦ L
POINT REYES BUTTER, square 35c.
DIITTCD F a n c y Creamery. Q7 Ia
nil 1 I rn Large squares -0 /oG
uu 1 1 fell same -quality as last 1 * * * u
week. - Sample at store.
' V": 3 tins COVE OYSTERS, 25c
DHV1I BAKING POWDER, nr-,
nUTALPouna tin JjnR
1 1 u 1 n k xnurgday o^y. Usually w w "
45c
CATSUP. Wade's We bottle. 9c - -¦
CAI MHII Alaska link. Three. Ar n
SALMON sssi^fssi-js^srTx
al 12^c.
CURRIE POWDER. C. & B., bottle 15c-
P I n fl I II PPUncIerwood's. Hal f-| n ft
in oil. i Rare bargain. ' Dozen $1 10. '-
6 cakes FA1RT S OAP. 25 C-
f| I OTI I C SOAP. French mottled, f Q*
hflA I II C Three-pound bar InC
ally 25c . . ¦• . !
-X J COOKING EGGS, dozen 25c
PppO Good Ranch. Dozen.....:.:.. Oft A
LUUU Evef y *"SS guaranteed. Reg- AllK
„". . ular 35c- - . w **«*
¦ PORT or SHERRY, We bottle 25c
CLARET : 2ffl^5w5!: 37ic
ULHI I U I Smoth rlcn tab i e^me. W • 2"
Sample at store. Usually 60c.
JESSE MOORE RYE, ' quart 85c ' .
UIIUTCD Baltimore Rye Whls-ACA
HUNIbn ke y- Q uart b 0 " 1 ® HOC
IIU " ¦ t>M BotUed by William wvw
Lanahan & Son. Usually II 35.
O. P. S. WHISKEY. *L0O bottle 65c
FLOUR : p£2S£!2!Z::.Z5: 750
V 1 -""! 1 gperry's, Drifted Snow, ¦ uu
Crown. Golden Gate, Port Costa, Horace
Da-vis, Purity, Acme, ete. . •
Order , Saturday * night f.*om- « p. m. to 11
. , % p..m. only. , .-..,-.
U ¦--•>•>. ¦•¦¦:>¦¦--¦- •¦¦¦¦¦¦:¦¦.¦¦-¦
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED A
:' inyiip oiiDCDinD nr
I nC 0U1 CnlUn Ur
'"'¦'"¦"'" ',"'-' * ' ' ¦ '.t'Tt- ¦ ' i
Everything that" ; tend* ¦ to
speed, comfort, ' pleasure -and
: I luxury . unlimltisd. V ' $87.00 '
. ' BufEalo and i Betxirn- October
3 [and 4/ Beserwe berth* for
v this" famous " tr*la' at 641
"';.;: Market';' Street; ;-:1 r l
>\.- -*'-.'- ¦¦•¦•¦"'"•• '¦'[(';}£ '/*---
IT LEAVES EVERY IIIMDAV AMD
THURSDAY, 9.0p^lt./0IITHE
SANTA Ft
'"i.-j'.:- «... .'-.•'".- • ¦ ¦ ¦'¦
t JC9 M ' X * bBT fit " r B ' R ** Ai*TB2«TI.T
\ ! r^M : M r '. CTJRED.-No wintry
*s )a real pleasure to wear J
QEfi GLASSES |
¦ because they, make ; the eyes 'j &
'¦ ¦' feel perfectly comfortable, ; IM ;
";relieveall strain rupbii the"' //I ;
- ; optic nerve and . res toreT the h B j '
"vision to", its j normal condi- Jjj
¦ '¦;"'. tioh; ! ;¦ is . ; . the ?¦ llj •..
, "> result of ;• two ; thinjjs^r-first; '; In \ f
the fact that our Khisses arc; l/r .
- made 'right; .and; .^second, w»
|p the great- care I Ve
,b1-1. in testing eyes -before we fit *
lJ|l-.-.~ glasses'^^td - them! o' '