PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN- FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1901.
VOLUME XC-NO. 17.
CHARITY SWINDLERS ARE DEMORALIZED
AND SWIFTLY SCURRYING TO COVER
Just how much money these bands of
schemers have obtained . In this city j
in the past few months may never
be known. Mamlock, who has known
Doneghy for fourteen years, declared
yesterday ¦ that the chief worker
'had. carried ' on his schemes for
that length of time all over the coun
try and was reputed to have drawn from
charitable persons the epormous sum of
$500,000. Doneghy has always had the rep
utation of being a liberal spender and as
fast as the coin would come In it would
be. flung away, so he is not supposed to
be possessed of any great amount of
wealth at present.
Mamlock. yesterday made a weak at
tempt to clear himself of the accusation
of having sold tickets for a bogus' society,
and the police were obliged to accept his
statements, with reservations, as there
was no charge sworn to on which they
could hold him. Assistant Secretary Mil
ler of the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion has a number of letters in his posses
sion from people who bought tickets, but
Miller positively refused yesterday to
furnish, the police with the names, even
when it was pointed out to him that such
cence, while giving damaging testimony
against their erstwhile associates.
Mamlock is a shrewd advertising agent
and is a glib talker. Ho declared with
considerable surprise that in printing tho
tickets he did not think that any one in
San Francisco would be deceived in tha
name, "California Boys* and Girls' Aid
Society," and that no one would confound
It with the Boys and Girls* Aid Society
located in this city. He- claims that ha
Instructed his women canvassers "to be
sure and explain to people that this con
cert is for a society located in Pasadena,
Southern California."
When asked why he did not explain this
on the face of the ticket, Mamlock
pleaded that "It had never occurred to
him."
Miss Belle Smith, Miss Julie Howie and
Mrs. C. E. Wilcox were closely questioned
yesterday and were willing enough to
talk. Their stories were the same in each,
case. They claimed that Mamlock had
given them.. instructions to "be sure and
tell every one not to confound this society
for the one in San Francisco; that ours
Is in Pasadena." ;
All three women, however, were forced
to admit that on many occasions they
had presented tickets for sale, but had
not made any explanation as to where tha
"California Boys' and Girls* Aid Society"
was located. The women readily admit
ted that It was possible that purchasers
of the tickets believed they were buying
them in order to assist the society located
in San Francisco.
Mamlock and the three women are liv
ing in a boarding-house at the corner of
DID NOT INTEND
ANY DECEPTION
"When questioned further, Mamlock ad
mitted that he had no written authority
from Salisbury to give concerts, "only a
verbal authority." On being asked for the
power of attorney, Mamlock was obliged
to admit that he only had a "verbal per
mission" to sign Salisbury's name.
I have his power of attorney to act for
him and sign his name to all documenta.
I have tried to get up concerts for other
societies in San Francisco, but Doneghy
was here ahead of me."
THERE was a^ general scurrying
to cover yesterday on the part
of. the . professional : charity
schemers and an eager desire on
the, part. of.. many of them to ex
culpate themselves by making
confessions as to the doings of their as
sociates. "'
• Henry Mamlock, Miss Julie Howie and
Mrs. C. E. Wilcox were taken into cus
tody In the morning by Detective Hamlll
and held at the Hall of Justice for several
hours. It : was expected that - a complaint
¦would be sworn to charging them with
HenryMamlpckandTwo Women Are Taken Into Custody by Police
but Ari Released Owing to Reluctance of Ticket Purchasers
to Come Forward and Swear to a Complaint Charging Fraud
PRINCIPALS AND OTHERS
CONNECTED WITH CHARITY
SWINDLING SCHEME.
"I will admit that the expose In The
Call has put an end to my business, legit
imate or illegal. I am ready to get out of
this kind of work and am sorry I ever
went Into it. I have a family, and I don't
want to get Into any trouble. I am will-
Ing to return all the money to those who
bought my tickets and send the three
women back to their homes In Los An
geles. I suppose It is correct to call
Doneghy's work by the name of 'grafting,*
but there is nothing illegal In It. My girl3
have not sold many tickets— about fifty
four, that is all. The write-ups in The
Call made it rUfficuIt for them to sell
many. I am telling the truth when I say
that Mr. Salisbury, the president of the
Boys* and Girl3' Aid Society in Los An
geles, gave me his authority to give con
certs for his society in. any part of the
State. If he telegraphs back that he did
not give me authority to do so it may be
because he does not know that I have
started in to work up a concert in San
Francisco. I put the name 'California
Boys' and Girls' Aid Society* on the tick
ets because hs told me that his society
was a State institution. I did not think it
was necessary to add the words 'of Pasa
dena* to the tickets. Honestly. I never
gave It a thought, and did not think any
one in Frisco would be deceived by the
ticket. I saw Mr. Bayley of the Boys*
and Girls' Aid Society out near the park
and tried to get up a concert for him.
After the women had made their state
ments Mamlock said:,
"BUSINESS" RUINED
BY CALL'S EXPOSE
Post and Leavenworth streets, while Miss
McDonald resides on Hyde street.
Continued on Page Two,
The knowledge that the police were tak
ing an active interest in his affairs, how
ever, frightened Mamlock and made him
eager to talk. In a voluble manner he
told how he had known Doneghy for four
teen years, and 'that- the latter had al
ways persuaded him to take up the "char
ity" concert work.
"When I met Doneghy recently," said
Mamlock, "he asked me to go in with him.
I did not do so. but started in for myself.
I went to Los Angeles and got up two
concerts there for tho Boys' and Girls' Aid
Society ; of Pasadena. Miss Julie Howie.
Mrs. C. E. "Wllcox, Miss Belle Smith and
Miss Isabelle McDonald all sold tickets
for me there. I brought them "to San
Francisco,- with: me three .weeks ago. I
have ;.. authority \ from ; J. C. . Salisbury,
president of the society, -to give concerts
for his 'organization all over the State.
a step was necessary in order that a com
plaint might b© secured. Miller urged
that he did not want to be brought into
the affair.
With the machinery -of the law set . in
motion, the" charity, workers, hastened to
make confessions,'* but • all tried > to cover
up their own misdoings by a plea of inno-
The action "of; the j police in taking into
custody Henry j Mamlock. Miss Julie; Ho
wie and Mrs. C. E. Wilcox. even though
they were released almost . immediately,
alarmed the swindlers, and San Francisco
may soon be.rid of the whole crowd "who
have under, the guise of philanthropy filled
their pockets .with gold galore.
'. "W. "W. Doneghy i/ alias Donnely, and his
chief aid, Helen Barnes, are preparing to
leave the city for parts unknown. Henry
Mamlock is,' or pretended to be, eager to
refund the money . to \ all persons who
bought tickets fora bogus society concert
and go intor a • legitimate business, while
Mrs; K. C. Gregory, . alias Miss C. C. Gra
ham/ endeavors to ' clear" her reputation
by "swearing before a notary, that she Was
never associated or acquainted with Don
eghy,-a stateriient absolutely false.
•'If I can secure sworn complaints,"
said j Captain of Detectives Seymour, "I
will take the <.whole crowd into custody.
The^trouble is that people who have been
defrauded do not like to come forward
and admit that they have been duped."
obtaining money by false pretenses in sell
ing tickets for a "benefit" concert for the
•'California Boys' and Girls' - Aid So
ciety," a fictitious organization, but ow
ing to the 'reluctance of purchasers .of
tickets to prosecute them the police were
obliged to let them go free temporarily.
If, however, the police can secure a sworn
complaint against Mamlock he will be ar
rested and prosecuted and similar action
will be taken in regard to others of the
Ilk.
LONDON, June 16.— Lord Kitchener
has cabled from Pretoria' under
to-day's date as follows:
"Near Welmansrust, twenty
miles south of Middlesburg, .250, Vic
torian mounted / rifles ! from General
Beaston's column were '. surprised •' in
camp at Steenkoolspruit by , a su
perior force of Boers at 7:30 p. rh.
June 12. . The enemy crept up to within
short range arid poured a deadly fire into
the camp, killing two officers and sixteen
men and wounding four officers and thir
ty-eight men, of whom twenty-eight were:
slightly? wounded. Only two officers and
fifty men escaped to. General Beaston's;
camp. The remainder were taken prison
ers and released.' -Two; pompoms , were
captured by, the enemy. Full details have
riot yet been received."" ¦•
¦ .The serious reverse which Lord , Kitch
ener reports is the first "accident'.' of the
kind that has 'occurred -to the Australian
contingent and it is supposed to have been
due ,to I neglect of \ proper \ picketing. ; Al
though' it' is .off set .by. the ! defeat ] inflicted
upon Dewet, the Moss "of .'the guns: Is. re
garded, as ; a:'. serious matter, "¦'¦ which Swill
encourage ; the -¦ . Boers ¦> to '>¦ continue V- the
Many Are Slain and
the Assailants Carry
Off Two Ppmpoms
Victorian Riflemen Are
/Surprised by Boers
' in Attack at Night
CAPTURE
CAMP OF
BRITISH
The Ministers are elated at the termina
tion of their trying experiences during the
negotiations. Personally, they could have
reached an agreement at any time.
. . It would seem," therefore, that j all arti
cles of the protocol, have been settled sat
isfactorily, except the new regulations in
regard to modifying cpmmerclal treaties,
which may not be necessary after all. .*•
The Ministers have also determined the
sources from which the revenue shall be
raised, namely salt gabelle and native cus
toms. At the treaty ports maritime cus
toms are Increased to &n effective 5 per
cent Mr. Rockhill,- the American Special
Commissioner, obtained consent', of the
other powers to this and also to the con
servancy of Woosung harbor, near Shang
hai, and the entrance to Pelho, near
Tientsin, matters which the local cham
bers of commerce have urgently desired
for thirty years. , . •;,
The Ministers have practically agreed
on all the chief points In regard to the
payment of Indemnity. All are willing to
accept the American proposition of an in
demnity of 450,000,000 taels, with interest
at 4 per cent, bonds to be issued at par,
and an annual payment of 1S,000,000 taels
to the sinking fund. Russia's objection to
the proposal has been removed and Italy
and Japan will accept, although they are
unable to raise a loan at 4 per cent. .Sev
eral of the Ministers have telegraphed to
their home Governments in regard to the
matter and are awaiting replies before
making final announcement of the agree
ment. ' ¦ : '-•
ing the Chinese authorities at present.
The Belgian Minister Is not. Inclined to
hold the court responsible for the
crime. He says the district where
the massacres occurred is the ren
dezvous of many former officials who
have been degraded or sentenced to
banishment. Those officials are exercising
high military power for the time being,
and it is imposibsle for the Chinese Gov
ernment to suppress them. The policy/ of
the Belgians is purely commercial. They
are desirous of securing many new con
cessions and are opposed to j embarrass-
PEKING, June " 16.— An . Italian
priest, who has arrived here from
Shensi, confirms the report pre
viously made by priests in. Shan
si in regard to a massacre of Ro
man Catholic clergymen "¦ in
¦ Southern Mongolia. He says fif
teen Belgian priests, with a number of
converts, were massacred at Nlangtaoll
ang. Southern Mongolia, several weeks
ago by soldiers under Prince Tuan, Duke
Lan and General. Tung Fu Hsian.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Catholic Clergymen
and Their Converts
Slain by Tuan's Men
Italian Priest Tells of
Recent Atrocities in
Southern^ Mongolia
Conductor McClain said to-night that
he feels certain some person with a .Key
to the switch lock deliberately attempted
to wreck the train. No freight train was
expected and there was consequently no
occasion for changing the switch to con
nect with the sidetrack. The persons em
ployed in the railroad service here declare
they had no knowledge of any change in
the switch and they are unable to explain
why or when it was reversed. They are
certain that some one used a key on the
lock, opened it and closed it when all was
in readiness for the wrecking of the train.
Mystery of the Wreck.
screamed in their terror. The Jarring
they received was severe, but only a few
pereons received injuries and those are
not of a serious nature. The engineer
and fireman were asslstd to the station,
physicians were summoned and they re
ceived every attendance. The passengers
were transferred to a special train after
a delay of nearly two hours.
The shock of the collision created a
panic in the passenger coaches. Men
rushed to the platforms after picking
themselves up from the floors and women
To the surprise and alarm of Ruther
ford and his fireman, the engine sud
denly left the main track and swung
over on the siding. The freight cars
were only a few hundred feet ahead. The
train was not running on fast time, but
the speed was sufficient to make it im
possible for the engineer to avert a col
lision. Rutherford shouted to Miller to
jump. The men were none too soon. In
another instant ihe engine sinashed into
the first freight . car. wrecking smoke
stack, headlight and pilot, and crushing
. the massiy^ i .boiler. c.Tbfi ..-box wpre..,
rent Into a thousand pieces. - •' ¦¦'•"- -¦••¦ - :
Engine .Strikes the Cars.
When within a short distance of the
station here Rutherford began to
slow down for the few minutes'
stop. There was nothing to warn him
of impending disaster. The switch ap
peared to be in proper condition. The
track was clear to the depot and over on
a side track were a number of box cars.
which was a considerable number of pas
sengers. There was also a baggage cir
attached. Rutherford was in the cab of
the engine with Miller as his fireman.' Thj
train was in charge of Conductor Mc-
Clain. .
Th» men of millions have power. . Wherever
they throw the vaet impulse of their capital
the labors are accomplished. They have un
limited power. 'Young men see, this, and what
1* the result? They throw themselves like
facets Into the furnace of material produc-
NEW YORK, June 16.—A second body
has been taken from the sunken Staten
Island ferry-boat Northfield. It was re
covered at noon to-day and proved to be
that of Juan Benitlz, a cierk in the steam
ship office of French. Bdey & Co. of this
city.' He was a young Porto Rlcan, who
came here to learn the shipping business.
The raising of the Northfield probably
will be undertaken to-morrow.
+ 'M-M'I I-I-I-I"! I 1 I I I'll I I M"M.Ji
have aided them most materially. Mr. Schwab,
we may conclude, has little confidence in edu
cation alone: higher lines as an assistance in
bunineBs affairs.
Boat Will Be Attempted
To-Day.
Raising of the Staten Island Ferry-
SECOND BODY TAKEN
FROM THE NORTHFIELD
By injecting heart stimulants physi
cians revived the men this morning. They
had been drugged with chloral hydrate.
Several arrests were made to-day, but
Hannan and Horan failed to identify the
suspects. The robbers are believed to be
members of the band which shot the
Chief of Police of Mahony City yester
day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
and the two robbers went out* as the ex
press thundered past in safety. Hannan
staggered to the telegraph key and man
aged to tell the office here that the ex
press had come and gone in safety. Then
he set the danger signal for all trains
and collapsed. Half naked and almost
dead the two men were found in the
signal cabin by trainmen.
Retains Consciousness Long Enough to Force Culprit
Away From a Switch Until Express Passes.
SHAMOKIN. Pa.. June 16.—Ten min-
Accept His Gifts of
Libraries.
Criticizes the Action of Cities That
utes before the Philadelphia express on
ihe Philadelphia and Reading Railroad
reached the Big Mountain signal cabin
one mile east of here last night two well
dressed strangers entered the office and
by a ruse succeeded in drugging the tele
graph operator, Torrence Hannan. and
his friend, Thomas Horan.*
Horan almost collapsed. Hannan grew
dizry and felt his senses leaving. He
saw one of the strangers working a
switch and at the same moment heard
the whistle of the coming express. The
other stranger stood in the doorway.
Hannan threw himself upon the man
at the lever and pushed him to the door.
DR. . GRANT TAKES SLAP
AT ANDREW CARNEGIE
NEW YORK, June 16.— The baccalaure
ate services of the commencement exer
cises of the College of New York were
held to-day in the Episcopal Church of
the Ascension. Rev. Dr. Percy Stickney
Granu the rector, delivered the sermon. In
his address to the graduates he said
among other things:
The great temptation which I believe will
beset your path 1b materialism. We see about
us men with Immense wealth, here one posses
sing cue hundred millions, there one worth two
milJions and there one worth four millions.
We find a man giving libraries to a city
v.-hleh Fhould be ashamed to receive them when
it knows his name mast be written across the
buildings' wMch he gives. The same man gives
universities to a country which never asked
for anything in university education but an
opportunity to earn it.
Many of the men who have amassed great
fortunes attach too much Importance to the
touch and ready fcpirit which they believe to
DRUGGED TELEGRAPH OPERATOR
PREVENTS WRECKING OF A TRAIN
Ny APA, June 16. — A villainous at
tempt to wreck the Napa Val
ley passenger train and appar
ently to destroy .the lives of
\ more than a score of men.
~ women and children was made
this evening by some unknown
person and at a point less than six hun
dred yards from the local depot. That it
¦was not entirely successful was due more
to the slow speed at which the train was
running than to any hitch in the arrange
ments of the person who prepared the
track for a terrible disaster.
The escape of Engineer John R. Ruther
ford and Fireman Miller from death in
the smash-up of their engine and a couple
of freight cars was accomplished by the
merest chance. They realized their peril
before the collision occurred and leaped
from the engine cab. Rutherford severely
sprained an ankle and was considerably
bruised. Miller also received injuries, but
they are not serious. Several passengers
were thrown over the seats In the cars
and sustained slight bruises. Among them
is Peter Heaton of Vallejo. whose right
Bide fs painfully injured.
Changing of the Switch.
. "\T1-«i flisa^ '--* s [ ''"- '- ' ; i-u?K7r~T J f~ ">*.* v ".vK.;hr;
which had been turned to throw the pas
.senger train oft the main track and onto
side rails upon which were a number of
freight cars. The switch is only a few
hundred yards south of the depot and is
said to' be invariably operated, when
changes are required, by the conductors
or brakemen of passing trains. Three
trains crossed the switching point during
the day, and It Is known that in the early
afternoon the lock had not been opened
by railroad employes to divert traffic from
the main line. After the accident the
lock was still Intact, but the switch had
been turned.
The natural presumption and the one
generally entertained by the railroad men
here is that some person possessed of a
key to the switch lock, opened it after the
third train had passed, swung the switch,
and then replaced the lock. They can
assign no other reason for the disaster. In
view of the fact that all trains remained
on the main line before the arrival of the
one that collided with the freight cars.
The Jsapa Valley train, which runs from
South Vallejo to Callstoga, pulled out of
Vallejo at 5:50 o'clock for the northern
run. It consisted of four coaches, in
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mysterious Changing of a Switch Sends an
. Engine and Passenger Coaches Crash
ing Into Freight Cars Near a Station
MISCREANT ATTEMPTS
TO WRECK NAPA TRAIN
SALISBURY OF LOS HIBBeS : ¦ D£€&^^^^^M^^^^^^ ; AN ' IMPOSTOR.
LOS ANGELES, June 1 6.— President John C. Salisbury of the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society, the headquarters of which is at South Pasadena, declares that Harry Mamlock is in no way authorized by the*society to give
a benefit concert in San Francisco in aid of the society. He said to-night: ' ' .
"lam astonished to hear, that Mamlock is attempting such a thing in the north. I did not think he would dare to do such a thing. If he is collecting money in San Francisco for such a benefit he is acting
without authority and should be considered an impostor. There is a society with a name like ours somewhere near San Francisco arid it is possible' he is arranging a benefit for that society. He certainly is not repre
senting us." - : •;' , .
Mamlock managed a benefit concert in aid of the South Pasadena institution at Blanchard's~Hall in this, city on -May 30. Two nights previous he gave a similar benefit in Pasadena. In each case he was to give the
society 20 per cent of the receipts. President Salisbury says Mamlock has not settled with the society for either performance and that the institution has as yet leceived nothing from the benefits. Salisbury estimates that the Los
Angeles benefit box receipts amounted to more than $500. Mamlock told him, however, that he had lost money, as the expenses were heavy. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
CONFIRMS
NEWS OF
MASSACRETime in an expert beauty slaughterer.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. , Copyright. ' 1901, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company. .
ROME, June 16.— The Italie says It has
authority for the statement ¦¦< that the
Pope, through Cardinal .Rampolla, the
papal Secretary of State, has asked
President McKinleyto send a representa
tive to the Vatican-to treat with the au
thorities there in regard to the position
.of. tho religious bodies in the ; Philippines..
Asks-That the United. States
Be Represented at the
/-Vatican. f '
POPE SENDS REQUEST
TO THE WHITE HOUSE
Fountain Pens.
We have the "Marshall," which Is the
best $1 fountain pen made, the A. A.
"Waterman pens at $1 50 and a full line of
Waterman's "Ideal" pens from 52 50 up.
We guarantee all the pens we Bell and are
not pleased until our customers are satis
fied. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market. •
BEATS WIFE TO DEATH
WITH AIT IEON BAB
Murderer Then Attempts to Take His
Own Life by Swallowing Car
bolic Acid. .
ITHACA. X. TT., June 16^— James
Churchill, a farm hand, early this morn-
Ing murdered his wife, Minnie Churchill,
20 years old, at her father's home at New
field. He crushed her head with a bar of
Jron while she was sleeping beside her
7-year-old daughter. Daniel Mtnturn, the
woman's father, more than 60 years of
age, was also attacked by Churchill and
is not expected to live.
Churchill attempted suicide by taking
carbolic add, l>ut will recover. He was
arrested and brought to Ithaca to-night.
The crime was the result of jealousy
Mrs. Churchill having separated from her
husband two months ago. He admitted
to-night that the act was premeditated.
He os 38 years old.
Worships for Five Hours.
CHICAGO, June 16.— Sitting on the left
of President Harper, in the graduate
quadrangle tent. John D. Rockefeller wor
shiped for five successive hours to-day
in attending the divine services of con
vocation Sunday in the decennial celebra
tion of the University of Chicago. The
cession of worship lasted from about 8
o'clock ln the morning until nearly , 1
o'clock In the afternoon. At its conclu-
Elon Mr. Rockefeller was almost ex
hausted and rested the remainder of the
day. Mr. Rockefeller will deliver the con
vocation address at the university Tues
day, i .
but he would have nothing to do with it.
"I don't want to get into trouble, and
I am willing to sign any statement The
Call asks me to sigh. I will turn the
money I received from the tickets over to
The Call, or I will send the girls out and
let them try to find the purchasers and
refund the money. I am through with
this kind of work."
Mamlock admits that Doneghy's books
and papers are in his room under lock
and key. He says that Doneghy brought
a bundle of books and papers to his room
a day or two ago and locked them ln a
small closet. The key to the Yale iock is
in Doneghy's possession.
SLAP AT EDWARDS
AND WEINBERG
Mamlock declares Welnberg and Ed
wards are "no good." Weinberg is the
man who was employed by Mrs. Pettee as
secretary of the Universal Service So
ciety, and Edwards was engaged by
Doneghy to manage his concerts. Mam
lock says Edwards told a He when he
said that Doneghy had never given him
(Edwards) any jnoney.
"Why, on Saturday afternoon." said
Mamlock, "I saw Doneghy pay Edwards
some money. As for Weinberg. he. is
hand and glove with Doneghy. Weinberg
made a suggestion to Doneghy that he
would go out dressed as a minister to sell
tickets."
That Mamlock was prepared to do a big
business in selling- tickets for the "Cali
fornia Boys' and Girls' Aid Society" is
shown by the large number of tickets he
had printed. He yesterday exhibited a
drawer filled w<th the tickets, probably
2000 In number. TThe tickets were printed
on cards of four colors. Miss Howie sold
the yellow tickets. Miss Smith sold those
of a drab color. Miss McDonald had lav
ender tickets and Mrs. WIlcox disposed of
blue ones. By these colors, Mamlock
could tell what portion of the city was the
best for his scheme, and at the same time
keep "tab" on the ticket sellers. ¦ ••
The tickets issued by Mamlock for hia
"society" and those placed on sale by th«
Doneghy-Barnes-Deiweiler combination,
as well as those of Mrs. K. C. Gregory,
alias Miss C. C. Graham, have no check
number upon them. Thousands of the
t'.ckets were printed and the object of the
workers was to dispose of as many of
them as possible. By this means.it would
be Impossible for the officials of a genuine
society, for which the tickets might be
sold, to find out how much money was
collected by the schemers.
The usual custom followed when charit
able or fraternal societies give benefit con
certs Is to have all tickets numbered con
secutively and impressed with the stamp
seal of the organizations. This prevents
fraud and at the same time enables the
fcocieties to tally exactly the number* of
tickets disposed of by canvassers.
It is well known that in the "past few
months every street in the down-town
portion of the city has been covered by
the ' "charity workers." Doneghy . and
Helen Barnes have had twelve women at
work: Mamlock had five ticket sellers and
Mrs. Gregory is reported to have had four
assistants.
"With this number of "charity workers"
engaged in selling tickets it would be an
easy matter to bring in $200 to $500 per
day. The trained "workers" employed by
Doneghy were also used to "break in" the
3 r oung women hired in this city. When
the novice was considered an "expert" she
was launched out to cover a certain dis
trict alone. They were given a commis
sion on their sales In addition to salaries.
Word was passed around yesterday that
none of the ticket sellers should . go out
to-day to dispose of tickets. Possibly
their principals are afraid of, arrest, and
It Is also possible that they realize that It
will be extremely difficult to do business
In this city just now and have decided to
wait until the storm blows over.
either one of. the. two isegular army.ioffi-;
cers In the'eamp.' MajonlfounK and Cap-*
tain Clark, both! of the Eighteenth United
States Infantry, are attached to'the camp
as members: of General Dickinson's staff,
the purpose of their presence being to ad
vise and- instruct and to '¦criticize both to
Governor Gage and to army headquarters.
They appeared at the division mess to-day
for the first time. • . ¦ •
Troops at Church Service.
Thls morning there was a service In
front of the headquarters of the Third
Brigade, which was attended by represen
tatives from nearly every company in
both the Second and Sixth Regiments.
Chaplain Evans of the Sixth Regiment
conducted the services, lie stood on ;a
camp chest In front of headquarters.
Over him was a canopy of sacking set up
on four redwood poles and guyed by tent
ropes. Just behind him was the little flag
that flutters the information that there
is the headquarters of the Third Brigade.
The^tand of the Sixth Regiment was In
attendance and added a brazen chant to
the words of the minister. Church calls
rang out at 10 o'clock, and then from the
tents and company streets officers and
men hurried to the space before the im
provised pulpit and seated themselves Jn
rows upon the dry grass. The band was
formed, and then "Lead, Kindly Light,"
sounded solemnly through the camp and
the opening began ; of the first church
6ervice of Camp Gage.
There -was singing by. the men and
prayer, and then an address by the chap
lain. He took as his subject "American
Ancestry and Achievement," and in elab
orating it he drew a lesson of patriotism
and lovalty peculiarly fitting for the time
and place and the occasion. In conclu
sion, after epitomizing the history and
progress of the country; he came to things
present, and advised the men In blue of
tie purpose of their presence in the can
vas city and of their- duties while in
camp. .„..__ .._¦ :.vx!..........:. -.-.
The routine for to-morrow has been de
cided upon as far as the morning is con
cerned, but the disposition 'of the re
mainder of the day will be made : later.
The early morning routine sets, reveille at
6 o'clock, after which there will be set
ting-up exercises for fifteen minutes.
Breakfast will be at 6:30 o'clock. Sick call
and police call will be »at 7. Adjutant's
call for guard mount will be at 7:39 and
Eiiard mount at 8.
,The guard mount to-day was a quiet
affair, for the division guard was merely
sent. to post ar^d there was no ceremony.
There was a ceremonial guard mount by
the Sixth Regiment, but the other regi
ments had none. The camp Is patrolled by
a division guard. made up of details from
each of the organizations In camp, but
each regiment in addition sets a regi
mental guard in Its own company streets
and over Its own property. There are regi
mental officers of the day and of the
guard ln every regiment, but there are
no brigade guard organizations. The field
officer, of the day to-day is Lieutenant
Colonel F. L. Reynolds, Seventh Infantry.
The commander of the guard Is First
Lieutenant J. P. Barrow,. Company D,
Fifth : Infantry, and the officer of the
guard is Second Lieutenant, C. C. Marck
res. Company B, Fifth Irifantry. For
convenience half the brigade details will
report In the morning and the second
half will join the guard In the evening.
Lieutenant Colonel H. B. Hosmer, divis
ion inspector, inspected the camp to-day
with Major Rethers, surgeon. First In-
DENVER, June 16.— Rev.\John L. Dyer,
one of the most famous preachers" who
has figured in the history of the; "West,
died, here to-day from paralysis of the
throat, after a lingering Illness.. . ; .
Rev. Mr. Dyer was born in- Franklin
County. Ohio, in 1812, moved to Illinois In
1831 1 and served through the Black Hawk
war.- "Father" Dyer. began preachine in
Wisconsin in 1S19 and was the oldest. It
fantry; : sanitary Inspecting officer of , the
day.- The camp was found to'.be in^an ex-'
cellent condition. The inspection will be
made dally. . ¦ :
Fifth Plans a March.
The Fifth Regiment will spend part of
Its own time ln a campaign of one day and
one night In heavy marching order to the
Big Basin." The 'whole regiment equipment
will be taken along. During the remainder
of the week, when not included in larger
maneuvers, the regiment will have bat
talion and regimental -drills, for it Js not
often all the companies are together and
the opportunity presented by the camp
will not be lost. . •
Th,e Third Brigade has had attached to
it. however, for purposes of ceremony the
squadron of cavalry and" the signal corps.
The mounted organizations may also d£
duty -with the brigade on some of its field
The Second Brigade headquarters has
tapped the electrip light wire . and to
night Incandescent lamps were radiant in
each tent. Major Naphtaly. brigade In
spector; Major Perkins, brigade commis
sary, and Captain Bush, aid to General
Warfield. dtd the work. The light com
pany said if they could connect their In
candescent lamps to an arc circuit they
could do so. Major Naphtaly got a trans
former from somewhere and put up the
new circuit.
, The division, hospital has * five patients
already and the surgeons are looking for
more. No sick man Is allowed to. linger
in his tent, even on Sunday, for the rows
of cots in the hospital wards are waiting
for men.' The regular field system is be
ing put into use both of inspection and
In hospital work,, and Colonel McCarthy,
the division surgeon In charge of It all,
smiles in satisfied enthusiasm as he fig
ures on the possibilities of accident and
ill-health. • The system he has introduced
is complete and accurate. •
Lieutenant Colonel Pedlar, Third Bri
gade, is executive officer of the sanitary
corps. Major Rethers, First Infantry, Is
sanitary inspecting medical officer of the
day, an imposing title and an important
office. Then there is. a medical officer of
the day for the hospital and a chief sur
geon "of the hospital. So efficient and ac
tive is tho whole corps that it will be a
real pleasure to be ill in Camp Gage.
Camp Hevelry by Night.
To-night the camp has all the appear
ance and all the air of. a social gathe."
'ing. Officers and men are wandering
from headquarters to headquarters an.i
¦ from tent to tent. Lights twinkle In the
company streets and Japanese lanterns
throw the glamour on their soft light over
the tents of the First Regiment. It Is a
poor company street that has not at least
one guitar or bnnjo or mandolin, nnil
some of, them half a-dozen. The twang
of strings hums through the air .all over
the ridges. The voices of men singing in
ones and twos and threes and fours cbmo
clearly from the tents, for the air is still
as a calm in the tropics, and the voices
from all over the camp. blend in" a dreimy
harmony. It is no wonder the men come
to camp. . ' . ¦¦•*.
NOTED FRONTIERSMAN
IS CALLED BY DEATH
! "Taps." floating sweetly out from divi
sion and brigade headquarters, quiets all
with its mellow tones. The laughter dlej
away. The twang of string and the note
of song are hushed and one by one Hie
lights twinkle out, leaving nothing but the
cry of tho sentry and tramp of the men on
post. . .
Rev. John'L. Dyer, the ."Snow
." shoe Itinerant," Passes
¦.;' Away,.- .>
Ex-Congressman Peters Will
Become Commissioner
of Pensions.
TOPEKA, Kans., June 16.—Ex-Con
greesman R. S. Peters of Kansas to-day
received a dispatch calling him to Wash
ington, where he will be' tendered the of^
flee of Pension Commissioner, succeeding-
H. Clay Evans. President McKlnley has
had under consideration the names of ex-
Congressmen Blue and Peters for this po
sition. • : :•¦ - -
,->,.- .-.-/ ¦¦¦•¦:¦ ¦ ' ; m
pie of, Santa Cruz explaining that,itis not
always-as hot as this". ' .' .: :. ;' "¦•¦¦¦- ' ¦' : -'^;-
The camp was open to-day from, past
past 9 o'clock to half past 5, and a. large
number of the troops took advantage of
the license to seek' the town and spent
time and money among the many attrac
tions of the little seaside city. But at
half past 5 the stragglers were coming in
on the run, and ' when the gates \ were
closed "and the road to camp was made
to end at the guard tents there were still
more on the way, and there is trouble In
store for them all.
This evening there was a meeting of the
general officers of the carno and a plan
for the week was decided upon. The three
generals were called to Major General
Dickinson's tent after supper. The con
ference lasted for more than an hour and
a plan of field marches for each brigade
was the result. To-morrow afternoon the
Third Bridage, under command of Gen
eral Muller, will start .out. The big trees
at Felton will be the destination and there
the brigade will camp for the night. The
march will be made as if through the
enemy's country. Flankers, an advance
guard and a rear guard and cavalry scouts
will be thrown out and the march will be
made with all precautions observed ln
war. A map of the country ¦ thfbugh
which the troops will pass must be made
and every stream and every cross road
and every farmhouse must be marked
upon it in proper scales. Lieutenant
Colonel Draper, division engineer, will ac
company the brigade and General Dickin
son will be represented by one of his staff,
probably Inspector General Hosmer.
Work for Marching Men.
The, fullest written reports of the march
must accompany the maps and the whole
must be submitted to General Dickinson
as a report of operations ln the field. No
restrictions will be placed upon Brigadier
General Muller. He will be allowed to
make his march as he pleases and must
eelcct his own camping ground for the
night he will spend with his brigade away
from camp. The men will be in heavy
marching order and with one day's ra
tions. The distance is about ten miles.
Tuesday morning the Third Brigade will
return to camp and Tuesday afternoon an
other brigade, probably the Second, will
take the field. When the Second returns
Wednesday morning the last of the brig
ades, probably the First.- will make a
march. So far arrangements, include ln
detail only .the march of the Third. Brig
ade. The other brigades may take the
same march and they may go elsewhere,
but that they will take some march; ' in
cluding a night encampment,, is certain.
The plan was General Dickinson's, and.it
¦was heartily Indorsed by his generals.
While the odd brigade Is on its field
march the others will go through battalion
and regimental maneuvers. The hay that
has blocked a large part of the parade
ground has been sold and before another
day is out It will be hauled away, leaving
the Place clear for any .tactics the regi
ments may wish to study. .Another drill
of the camp will be an attack and a de
fense by attachments assigned to either
side. The countour of the camp ground
and the vicinity offer all kinds of oppor
tunities for this work and there will be a
great deal of it done. In their marches
the brigades will be \ accompanied by
KANSAS MAN SLATED
TO SUCCEED EVANS
SOME OF THE EVENTS OF SUNDAY AT THE GREAT ENCAMPMENT OF : THE REGIMENTS OF THE NATTON
iW AL GUARD OF CALIFORNIA AT SANTAJ CRUZ; REPRODUCED FROM PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN BY ONE OF
""THE CALL'S ART STAFF. . ;".,'- v , : :,' -^ 0 "< : . ¦ ¦ .' ' ' • : ' ..: :
AMERICAN^ ZIOITCSTS
BEGIIT CONVENTION
Home for Oppressed
Hebrews.
Seek to Establish in Palestine a Legal
PHILADELPHIA, June 16.— The fourth
annual convention or the ' Federation of
American Zionists began here to-day
with a larger attendance than ever be
fore in its history. Delegates from every
section of the country were present. The
aim of Zionism is . to establish, in Pales
tine a legal home for the oppressed and
persecuted Hebrews of Russia. Roumania
and other European countries, and to
furnish them with an asylum by consent
of the powers where they will have an
opportunity to - begin life anew under
more favorable ¦ circumstances.
An 'effort was made to amend the con
stitution by making It obligatory upon
every member.- qf .the_.f^deration before
-becoming a. j delegate to the convention
to -purchase a' share in the Jewish colo
nial trust of London. -The amendment
was voted down. \
A committee* appointed to devise ways
and means of establishing a Hebrew
newspaper Includes Rabbi S. S. Wise of
Portland.
MXTRDEBEB DIES A FEW
! . HOTTRS AFTER HIS VICTIM
William Meinhoffer, Who Shot MiS3
Bolte, Succumbs to Self
inflicted Wound.
NEW YORK, June 16.— William Mein
hoffer, who last night, In the Bronx, shot
himself after fatally wounding 1 Miss Mary
Bolte, died to-day in the Fordham Hos
pital. His victim had died a. few hours
earlier. The Immediate cause of the
tragedy may never be known, though the
motive Is believed to have been jealousy.
In Meinhoffer's clothing was found thl3
letter:
I sit here and calmly smoke my pipe. After
great deliberation, I propose to kill her. She
deceived me. I killed her for revenge. She
wrecked 'my life. I have nothing more to live
for. WILLIAM 1IEINHOFFER.
Melnhoffer was 23 years old and the son
of a retired banker. He was ln love with
Miss Bolte, but they had Quarreled re
cently. She formerly lived in Log
Angeles, Cal., and is said to have lately
come into a small fortune."
CXTP-DEFENDEB IS BEADY. .
Riggers and Crew Complete Their
Work on the Yacht.
• BRISTOL, R. I., June 16.— The force of
riggers with several members of the Con
stitution's crew practically completed the
rigging of the Constitution this evening,
enabling the crew to once more hoist the
yachting ensign, the New .York Yacht
Club, pennant and the owner's absence
sign. It is now a matter of possibly a
couple of hours to get the boat ready for
sailing in the morning.
The Constitution looked very neat this
afternoon with her topmast on end, colors
flying and clean decks. An unusually large
number of steam yachts and steamboats
passed through the harbor to-day, bring
ing people from various points to view the
cup defender. I.
Woolley to Invade Hawaii.
CHICAGO, June 16.— John G. "Woolley,
Prohibition candidate for President ln
1900, started to-night on a trip around the
world for the purpose of collecting data
on the liquor traffic preparatory to Issu
ing a book on the results of the prohibi
tion movement. Mr. Woolley will sail
from San Francisco on the steamer Mari
posa on June 29. At Honolulu he will en
deavor to organize a party..
Edwards Yet at Large.
SHREVEPORT, June 16.— The search
for Prince Edwards, the murderer of
John Gray Foster,, continues. There
seems to be no doubt that the negro
being pursued ln Northeast Texas la the
man wanted. All is quiet at Beton. The
temper of the people has cooled. .
Appointed by the Pope.
PHILADELPHIA, June 16.— A private
cablegram from Rome announces that the
Pope has appointed the Rev. T. F Ken
nedy. D. D., of the Seminary of St.
Charles Borromeo at 5 Overbrook near
here, to the office of director of the Amer
ican college in Rome.
Negro Hanged by a Mob.
ATHENS.. AlaT., June 16.— George Harris
a negro, was hanged by a mob in the
northern part -of this .. county last
night. Harris was suspected of burning
the barn of a farmer for whom ha
worked. •„'_':
not the last, of the old Methodist "circuit
riders." Corning to Colorado in 1851 he
met many thrilling adventures In his
j travels in this State and New Mexico, and
through his zeal in preaching the gospel
to the widely separated and almost in
¦ accessible mining camps In all kinds of
j weather earned the sobriquet of "Thf»
Snowshoe Itinerant.'; He was the author
pf a book bearing that, title. His picture
is among those given a place In the dome
, of the State Capitol, as a testimony to. his
•ItS'tEw aa a ploneer ln winning or
I me west.
LULLING, Tex.. June 16.— 3. Nixon,
who left hero this morning' with a posse
o2 officers, hunting: for the Mexicans who
killed Oflicers Glover and Schnabel near
here Thursday, returned this afternoon.
While attempting to arrest some Mexi
cans at Ottine, one Mexican was killed,
another badly wounded and one. An
tonio Rodriguez, arrested. Rodriguez is
said to have confessed to having been In
the bouse when Glover and Schnabel
were killed.
One of the Fugitives Killed, Another
Wounded and a Third
Captured.
TEXANS AND MEXICAN
OUTLAWS HT BATTLE
ROSWKLL, N. M., Jun© 15.— Arthur
Kline, a well-known stockman, to-day
shot and killed his wife. Beatrice Kline,
dangerously -wounded Marshall lladdux
and probably fatally wounded the land
lady, with whom. Mrs. Kline- was living,
who attempted to Interfere, and then com
mitted suicide. Kline was crazed by
Jealousy, his wife having deserted him.
COMPLETES HIS TERRIBLE
CRIMES BY STTXCXD'Ei
Ej>eclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. June 16.— It is now cer
tain that the capitalists who are hand
ling negotiations for the Union Pacific-
St. Paul deal look forward to an ulti
mate situation In which all the great
railroads of the Northwest shall be
brought if not into one single corpora
tion, at least into the controlling hands
of a few interests and the possibility of
rate disturbances or traffic diversions
there will be banished forever.
There has been recently a persistent
rumor that one corporation was to be
formed, somewhat on the lines of the
United States Steel Corporation, to take
over control cf the chief railway prop
erties of the Northwest — the Great
Northern and the Northern Pacific
(which now jointly own the Chicago,
Burlington and Quincy). the Chicago and
'Northwestern, the Chicago, Rock Island
end Pacific, the Union Pacific (control
ling the Southern Pacific) and the Chi
cago, Milwaukee and St. Paul.
That the Union Pacific-St. Paul deal I*
a step in the programme no one thinks
cf denying. The "few" referred to
would, of course, Include J. J. Hill, J.
P. Morgan, Kuhn, Loeb & Co., George J.
Oould. the Rockefellers, the Vandernilts
and E.. Ii- Harriman. Indications now
are that all these men are in harmony
on the immediate step in prospect— the
taking over of the control of the St.
Paui road.
The Vanderbilts" interests are of
course chiefly represented in the Chi
cago and Northwestern, which is believed
to be acting Jointly with the Union Pa
cific In the St. Paul deal. President
Hughltt of the Chicago and Xorthwest
crn and Chairman Miller of the St. Paul
directorate are both in the Union Pacific
directorate.
No Hanger of Dissension.
One fact of foremost significance ?n the
¦whole matter is that Mr. Morgan is fully
in touch with the proposed plan. There
is no immediate expectation of his return
from abroad — he has already cancelled
one sailing date which he made; but he
is kept fully advised of what is going
on. And it is so plain that he who runs
may read that the pending negotiations
will not result in any dissensions such
as characterized the Burlington deal.
•'My own opinion," said the vice presi
dent of a Western railroad with Chicago
connections to-day, 'is that all the roads
in the Northwest will be ultimately
gathered into the control of a single cor
poration which will ho'd their securi
ties as the steel" trust holds the securi
ties of its subsidiary corporations. I pre
sume it will be modelled after the plan
cf E. H. Harriman's railway securities
company. I do not see how they can
help coming to it.
"That is the only feasible plan for ban
ishing forever all possibility of rate cut
ting and traffic diversjon. They won't
raise rates then, but they will get tit
rates. Traffic will be shipped over any
lire— they won't care which— and the spec
tacle of running freight trains on pas
penger train time tx?cause of competition
will be ended for good. They will get rid
of expensive offices in this city and hun
dreds of drummers employed to drum up
trade all over the country."
Spheres of Influence.
CHICAGO. June Ifi.— The Tribune to
morrow will say: That the Harriman
combine has secured control of the Chi
cago. Milwaukee and St. Paul and that a
composite agreement has been made to
perfect a community of interests among
roads with tracks enough to twice belt
the globe is generally accepted in rail
road circles. The sudden departure of
Mr. Harriman for the East, accompanied
by President John M. Mitchell of the Illi
nois Trust and Savings Bank, was an
nounced in support of the statement that
Mr. Mitchell and other bankers would
furnish the funds for the completion of
the Milwaukee and St. Paul transfer.
The meeting of the "Western officials
with Mr. Harriman is believed to have
been the result of the recent controversy
over the control of Northern Pacific
Btock. which drove short holders to cover
at J1000 a share. A few small roads out
of Chicag-o are not^-partles to the agree
ment, but it is understood that they will
consent to anything that would maintain
rates and end thfi souabble that has been
kept up in the past among the various
"Western lines.
It was asserted to-nigrht that all the
roads west, northwest and southwest
from Chicago to the Pacific Coast will be
controlled in the future by the following
interests:
Lines west of Chicago to the Pacific
Coast, by Harrlmaji, Kuhn, Loeb & Co.
and the Rockefellers.
I/lnes northwest from Chicago, by Hill
and Morgan.
• IJnes southwest from St. Louis, by
Gould and the Rockefellers.
Lines southwest from Chicago, by the
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe, to which
probably will be added before long the
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific.
Morgan's Dream to Be Realized.
J. P. Morgan and B. H. Harriman. how
ever, will be the real dictators and direct
the policy to be pursued by these com
panies, thus establishing: the "community
of Interests." which has been the dream
of Morgan.
The railroads Interested In the Harrl
jnan consolidation, with their mileag-e, are
as follows:
J. P. Morgan May Realize His
Dream of a Combine of
All Lines.
Northwestern Roads to
Be Grouped Under
One Control.
GREAT RAILWAY
TRUST ASSURED
Continued From Page One.
Commission Appoints Seven
teen Judges to Philip
pine Courts.
MANILA, June 16.— Colonels Infant and
Gillvara, representatives* of "General
Cailles, to-day signed the name of their
principal to an .agreement to surrender.'
Under the terms of this agreement Gen
eral Cailles is to assemble' his men at
Santa Cruz, Liguna province,- as quickly
as possible and there surrender himself
and his command to the American author- I
ities. The exact number of his .force is
uncertain, but there probably will be "
more than 500. . .
Seventeen Judges have been appointed
to the courts of first instance. Among
these appointments there ' are eleven
Americans, who have been g-iven the most
important circuits, as follows: Manila,
Kinkaid of Texas and Odlin of New
Hampshire: Aparri, Blount of Georgia:-
Dagupan, Johnson of Michigan; Batan
gas, Linebarger of Illinois; Nueva Ca
ceres, Carson of Virginia: Iloilo. Bates of
Vermont: JJegros. Norris of Nebraska; .
Cebu, Carlock of Illinois: Zamboanpra,
Ickis of Iowa: Jo!o, Whitsett of Missouri.
For more than a year past General
Caillcsh&s commanded the" insurgent
forces operating on the east side. of Bay
Lake, north of Manila. He. is said to be
a French haU-csste, and during the last
revolution ho lias acquired a reimtation
for vindictiveness and cruelty."
Offered Bewards for Heads.
The Society of Mandu-Cats, whose prac- I
tice was to assassinate and bury alive
those of their, countrymen who accepted
American sovereignty whenever the lat
ter fell Into their hands, operated with
the cognizance if not the support of Gen
eral Cailles. At one time Cailles offered a
reward of $10 for each head of an Ameri
can brought to him, and more, recently
he offered a' regard of $10,000 for the head
of Captain Edward N. Jones Jr. of the
Eighth Infantry. ' \ -
Since the capture of Aguinaldo. Cailles.
who was one of the few insurgent leaders
who did not surrender under the terms of
amnesty, has been persistently pursued*
by the American troops. He was de
clared to have been wounded in one en
gagement last month, and negotiations
for his surrender have been going on with
General Sumnep»for some weeks past. He
was declared to be an outlaw by the
American authorities, and this fact,
which meant that he could not expect to
enjoy immunity for his past deeds and
violations of honorable warfare, but
would have to s=+and *n nl ori Jt*"» ""-"¦
charges against him, doubtless compelled
him to prolong his resisiance. .'me mem
bers of the. Federal party advised him to
surrender, but this he persistently refused
to do until he raw that his capture was
Inevitable. ;
Cailles a Good General.
Cailles is a man with considerable influ
ence with the Filipino people and an ag
presslve fighter. He kept his followers
well In hand, his system of mobilization
being excellent. In the mountains of La
guna province, where Cailles practically
confined his operations, he had many ad
vantages over the American troops fre
auently sent to dislodge him,- and ren
dered their efforts futile. He is credited
with the Sinaloan affair of last year, in
which a few American troons were badly
cut up. losing more than 50 per cent of
th«» number engaged.
Cailles at one time declared himself to
be Apuinaldo's successor. He and Gen
eral Malver were the only two
some insurgent leaders remaining in Lu-
WASHINGTON, June 18.— Officials of
the War Department are very .well pleased
with the prospective surrender of General
Cailles. the Filipino inswrgentJeader.A'l
vlces received. at the department indicated '
that this would occur soon. Cailles is a
man of considerable influence, who, wilh
his backing of some hundreds of men,
has been a menace to the efforts of the
military authorities to crush out the re
bellion in Luzon.
THE CHARITY SWINDLERS
ARE SCURRYING TO COVER
Dictator's Army Will Be
Surrendered at Santa
Cruz.
CAILLES YIELDS
ALL HIS FORCE
Taken Prom a Special- Train
While Touring the
Country.
PITTSBURG, June 16.— Edmund C. Con
verse of the executive board of the United
States Steel Corporation, formerly presi
dent of the National Tube Company, was
arrested at Greensburg Junction, on the
Pennsylvania Railroad, Saturday after
noon at 4 o'clock, taken from the train In
which he. had been touring the country
for several weeks, visiting the plants of
the billion-dollar trust, with a large party
of officials and arraigned at Greensburg.
where he was compelled to give ball for
his appearance the first Monday in Sep
• tember.
Converse was arrested on a writ Issued
by the Westmoreland Court at the in
stance of James"!,. Devenny of McKees
port, charging him with misappropriating
the proceeds of 'the sale of 3999 shares in
the capital stock of the McKeesport, Du
quesne and Wilmerding Street Railway
Company. Devenny held the majority of
tiie stock In the road and several hun
dred shares In trust.- He alleges, that in
February, 1836, Converse secured the stock
from him, sold it for about $100,000 and
failed to account for the receipts. Devenny
says he has made repeated demands for
his share of the money and that Converse
has failed to respond.
Last January Mr. Devenny began equity
proceedings against the steel magnate,
but Converse has kept himself outside the
Jurisdiction of the Allegheny county
courts. On Saturday, when he passed
through McKeesport, Devenny saw him
and started after him. Converse got out
of the city and over the line into West
moreland County before Devenny could
serve a writ onTiim. Devenny, knowing
that Converse's special car would have to
go through Greensburg to reach the main
line of the Pennsylvania, took a short cut
to that town. He secured attorneys, and
when Mr. Converse's train arrived at the
Junction Mr. -Devenny was awaiting him
-with the Sheriff of Westmoreland County
and Constable Collins of McKeesport.
The special train was not supposed to
stop at the Junction, but was flagged by
order of the Sheriff. The party boarded
the train and Mr. Converse, much to hla
surprise, was placed under arrest. He
went with the party to the office of De
venny's attorneys in Greensburg and fur
nished bail for his appearance In the
Westmoreland Court on .September 2.
The party traveling on the special train
was composed of about twenty-five of the
officials of the United States Steel Cor
poration. • •
Accused of Embezzling
Valuable Railway
STEEL MAGNATE
UNDER ARREST
Attempt to Arrest a Romany
£-;¦;/ Wanderer Causes
Trouble.
?— — — • •
Special Dtssatch to Ta» Call.
COVELO, June 16.— The police and town
marshal and their deputies In this com
munity are proverbially brave, but the
mettle of three of them -was sorely tried
to-day by a struggle with a ferocious ba
boon. It was while attempting to arrest
an itinerant gypsy queen at the parade
grounds that Marshal Keating was at
tacked, by a muscular simian, belonging to
the Romany potentate. The animal loy
ally came to the aid of his mistress and
gave valiant battle to the officers In the
presence of a large crowd of cowboys,
who loosened Its hold on Heating only
when the tightening grasp of four las
soes shut off its wind.
The creature was, however, subdued,
but momentarily and after being thrust
Into a wagon he renewed hostilities and
proceeded to clean out the whole squad of
officers that followed him during- the me
lee. The huge gorilla was laid low with
a club and bound with straps. The queen
and her daughter were then taken aboard
and the journey to the calaboose began.
On the way the gorilla freed his arms and
made a vicious lunge at the driver. Walter
Osborne.
The gypsy woman, with her little daugh
ter and her gorilla, has for several days
been traveling through this section and
many complaints had reached the officers
concerning. them. The woman rattled a
tambourine, while the gorilla danced. The
child begged and the trio found it very
profitable. Keating asked the woman to
show her county license. She was un
able to comply and the officer attempted
to arrest her. Her resistance caused tho
gorilla to show light. Keating was badly
bitten and blood-poisoning: is feared.
A Marshal Wounded by
a Gypsy's Pierce Pet
at Covelo.
MEN BATTLE
WITH GORILLA
THE -/SAN FRAKCISCa CALL, MONDAY; -1901
AMP GAGE, Santa Cruz, June 16.—
/T^The Bun Is brlffht and warm on
(i Camp Gage, bright enough to drive
one into the shade,- warm
. enough to suggest the discarding -
of waistcoats and heavy uniforms. It
starts the perspiration and keeps the,peo-
GUARDSMEN WILL "HIKE" OVER HILLS
TO FIT THEMSELVES FOR CAMPAIGNS
2
ROAD.
iTotal Mileage,
June 30, 1893.
Atch'.son. Topeka and Santa Fe.. 6,946
Southern Pacific 7,614
TTnion Pacific 4,439
Korthprn Pacific 4,524 !
Chicago. Milwaukee and St. Paul 6,191 "
Ohicasro and Northwestern 5.077
Chicago, Burlington and Quincy. 7,180
Missouri Pacific E,S2*
Great Northern 5,127
Chicago and Alton „ 844
Wabash 2,328
Total 65,532
ROAD.
iTotal Mileage,
June 30, 1893.
Atch'.son. Topeka and Santa Fe.. 6,946
Southern Pacific 7,614
TTnion Pacific 4,439
Korthprn Pacific 4,524 !
Chicago. Milwaukee and St. Paul 6,191 "
Ohicasro and Northwestern 5.077
Chicago, Burlington and Quincy. 7,180
Missouri Pacific E,S2*
Great Northern 5,127
Chicago and Alton „ 844
Wabash 2,328
Total 65,532
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"^^T^? S KKAI) * REL1KJJ' ta , stood
unrivaled before 'the public for 60 years aTa
S^^rrfti " to «»*«ly sieves andquickly
¦^ffi ¦ iS olda - Sor » Throats. Influenza, Bron-
£?,»!?; n>, -? m ?? la ' R h'umatlsm. Neuralgia.
£r v. !i Too^,«=h« and ail pain. Internally
for Malaria and all Bo we i Pai M . AU drujsnu.
S CATARRH, DEAFNBFS.
Xolses ln Ears Positively Cured by
R.COTUN ;HA"\S-U S.Pat ¦
Expert Ear, Nos«, Throat & l.un«rs
A NEW ANTISEPTIC METHOO
that cured over 95 p«r cent in 3CM
teBt cases. Indorsed by many lead-
ing doctors. Recommended by your
leading citizens.
FREE trial cf one week clven tr>
convince you. Call at once or write.
Office 204 Sutter St.. NW. corner
Kearny st. . -
Whatever you drink out- |dpj
side, let your home beer be |||a
Schlitz. That is pure Jbeer. grip]
No bacilli in it — nothing to W]%
make you bilious. 'prj
Beer is a saccharine pro- g^
duct, and the germs multiply
rapidly in it. The slightest jfyS
taint of impurity quickly- pl^
ruins its healthfulness. E$5*2
We go to the utmost ex-
tremes to prevent that. WM
Cleanliness is a science til
where Schlitz beer is brewed, gjq
We even cool the beer in Ff|||j
plate glass rooms in nothing jifj2
Then we filter the beer. W^
Then we sterilize every
And Schlitz beer is aged. RS?!
The beer that makes you §E*g
bilious is green beer. F*(^
When you order a beer B^
foryourhome.getthehealth- D^
fulness without the harm. EyS
Get a pure beer — get an old F 1 '*]
beer— get Schlitz. Call for fejd
the Brewery Bottling. |g3|
Theme Main 447. Sherwood &STier- R|^
wood, 212 Market St., San Fraacisco jjjMrs. LTcKinley in Depressed Spirits.
WASHINGTON, June 16.— Mrs. McKin
ley's condition to-day continues about the
same. The rainy weather of the past
three days has had a depressing effect on
her spirits, but there have been no unfa
vorable developments.
Death Calls Klondike Pioneer.
TACOMA, June 16.— At Dawson on May
31 occurred the death from heart disease
of Chris Sonnikson, who had resided in
the Yukon mining camps for fifteen
years. He leaves a wife and five chil
dren, living at Dawson, together with
property valued at $75,000. Sonnikson
came to the United States when a boy
from Denmark, and lived for several
years in San Francisco before he went to
Juneau, about 1SS3.
STOCKTON, June 16.— Donald E. Reede
Jostled J. W. Travis In passing him on
the sidewalk this afternoon, and received
a bullet from the man he bumped Into.
Travis was quickly arrested by Policeman
Finnell and charged with assault to mur
der. Reede was taken to the Receiving
Hospital and was treated for a wound In
his left cheek. Both men belong to the
working class and are strangers in this
city.
Reede had been to the Red Men's picnic
at Goodwater Grove and was returning to
his lodging-house in the southern part of
the city. He was somewhat the worse
for liquor. As he was passing a saloon
on Hunter square Travis came out of the
barroom and Reede struck heavily against
him. Travis jumped back, pulled out a re
volver and shot once. The bullet struck
Reede near the point of the chin and
ranged along the left jaw, coming out at
the ear. Reede dropped to the sidewalk
and Travis coolly put his gun in his
pocket and returned to the s\loon, where
he called for another drink. He was ar
rested while swallowing the liquor.
Workingman In Stockton Resents an
Accidental Collision and
Opens Fire.
SHOOTS THE STBA2TGEB
WHO ETJMPS INTO SIM
HURON, S. D., June 16.— Ten persons
were injured, three perhaps fatally, sev
eral houses were demolished, many cattle
were killed and much farm property waa
destroyed by a tornado that struck at a
point thirty milea from this city last
night and swept for a considerable dis
tance through the southeast corner of the
county. Three inches of rain fell.
The injured are: Mr. McCormack. wife
and \hree children; Mr. Gardner and
wife and three unknown persons.
The storm was preceded by a heavy
downpour of rain and dense darkness. A
balloon-shaped cloud suddenly formed,
and in an instant the McCormack house,
with the entire family, was picked up
and carried several yards. The house
was smashed into kindling: and the fam
ily thrown against a barbed wire fence.
AH were fearfully cut and mangled. Mrs.
McCormack and her 7-year-old son were
most severely hurt. The child cannot live
and the mother is in a critical condition.
McCormack's collarbone was broken and
he was badly cut about the head, while
his two daughters sustained Internal in
juries that may prove fatal.
Physicians give little hope of saving
more than two of the five injured at the
McCormack home. Besides the loss of
the dwelling and all its contents, all the
stock sheds, outbuildings and machinery
i on the farm were destroyed. »
A schoolhouse a half-mile from the Mc-
Cormack house was totally destroyed.
The residence of Gardner, five miles from
McCormack's, was next demolished.
Gardner was injured slightly and his wife
was severely hurt. Their loss includes
l about all their household goods and much
farm machinery. Further on the Palmer
house was struck. One person was se
verely hurt and much property destroyed.
The Gillespie home was partly destroyed
and two persons Injured, one man having 1
his leg broken. Other farmers suffered
smaller losses. i_.r_ny cattle and horses
were killed by lightning.
Ten Persons Injured, Three
of Whom Are Very
Likely to Die.
Several Homes and Much
Farm Property Are
Destroyed.
HAVOC WROUGHT
BY A TORNADO
This season's styles of picture frame
materials . are exquisite: pretty little
shapes and finishes to be matched with
perfect harmony in all tints of mattings.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
The Latest Styles.
I must claimyoUr indulgence, for a' few.mo
ments, although the hour is laje and this cere
mony has been long. I "could not J permit this
congregation -to depart without extending- mv
heartfelt congratulations. - both ' to ¦ the pastor
and to the- people of ,thls -parish, .upon the
completion of this ¦ magnificent 'church. In a
small . place and in a parish • with restricted
resources, it reflects the,. greatest credit upon
you. . - - •'. • ¦ ¦>' ¦ :" , _•
A new Eanctuary for the : worship - of God
Has'been established, a new fountain of spir
itual life has sprung up for the - good of the
people. ¦< ; ':¦¦'"¦ • .
¦ My first congratulation is to, the pastor.. The
parish priest has both spiritual and- material
burdens upon him. Upon him comes the great
est care , and anxiety If .a - new church , be
erected.' After years of labor and worry the
new edifice may . be completed and the pastor
At the close of mass Archbishop Riordan
delivered ; the . dedicatory, address. He
spoke in 'part as follows:- ' - -• ¦ .
Archbishop Delivers Address!
• After communion the Rev.- Father Val
entin! ' delivered a fervent and eloquent
address : in Italian.' - " •, .' •- •' . ¦
Your pastors ze.il and your generosity have
erected a beautiful church where the knowl
edge of . God will-be taught from generation
to generation."' Here you and your children
and. your 'Children's children will come to be
blessed and sanctified; to eat the bread of life
and to be borne, forth with solemn prayer in
hallowed death. And here the name of God
will be heard and made known as long, I hope",
as the soundlne ocean shall, roll upon the
neighboring .-cliffs, till the i trump, of doom is
heard over sea- and land and the weary pil
grimaEe-of mankind willhave ended.
The thelstic idea is the fount and source of
all r*l?gious belief, and its development marks
the evolution of formal or systematized relig
ion. And It is around this idea that the great
religious battle of to-day is being fought. No
thinking man bothers himself any more about
accidental differences in Christian creeds. The
general enAisriment is between science and re
ligion and when that engagement is settled
the victor will have the nations for Its spoils.
The idea of God. Is our central , thought to
day when a house is being dedicated to his
name, which house ¦ in - reality Is a "school
where the knowledge of God Is to be conveyed
t3 all who seek 'it. .•
and true. And yet beyond this are questions
and explanations. This ceremony to-day links
us with the farthest past, when the world
was .fresh from the Creator's hands, when
mankind was a child. It joins us with the
priests and prophets of Israel, with 'the state
ly ceremonial of Jerusalem, with all tho pomp
and splendor of Christian Rome. It primarily
forces upon us the Idea of God. • ... .•
Priests in Solemn Procession.
The church filled rapidly when the doors
to-rpoOMALES, June 16.— The beautiful
II * new Church of the Assumption
I was dedicated to-day with full
Jl and Impressive t ceremony by
Archbishop Riordan. Solemn pro
cessions of priests between ranks of de
vout worshipers with bowed heads, swing
ing censors and the solemn blessing of
walls and altars brought into this prosaic
little town of the Marln County hills a
touch of romantic mediaevallsm that filled
the hearts -of simple and devout parish
loners with religious fervor. The dairy
men and* ranchers and hardy fishermen,
who are the bone and sinew of the par
ish, were transported to things spiritual
by stately ceremonies that once were
held at Jerusalem and by rites whose ori
gin marks the beginning of Christianity
and whose elaboration was the pomp and
splendor of Christian Rome.
From San Francisco to Cazadero every
town on the line of the North Pacific
Coast Railroad . contributed its quota of
visitors to witness the dedication. Many
arrived yesterday and tralnloads came in
this morning. From the valleys to north
and east and south Catholics swarmed
into Tomales . until every street was
fringed with conveyances. Well-to-do
ranchers and dclrymen from Chileno Val
ley, farmers from Valley Ford and Bloom
field and fisher folk from Marshalls came
into town by their most pretentious con
veyances and mingled with the throng
pressing toward the new church, which
nestled resplendent in fresh-hewn stone
on the sloping hillside, beautiful and built
to withstand the ravages of time and yet
still locking. the setting in grounds and
environment to . make it seem a part of
the land— an established factor in the life
of the people. -
Thc Rev. John Rogers, pastor, of the
parish, whose energy and zeal and execu
tive ability are largely responsible for
giving California this, its most beautiful
Catholic church, was ! busy from early
morning with preparations for the cere
mony. Two other new churches . in the
same parish, . Inllt within two years, are
accredited to him, and dedications are his
recreation.
The ceremony in which we take part to-day
Is suggestive of many thoughts. Why are we
here? What purpose brings us together? Any
body an tell that we are assisting at the
opening 1 of a new and beautiful Catholic house
of worship.- This explanation is simple enough
After the gospel, the Rev. ' James Mc-
Donald of St. Charles Borromeo delivered
the sermon. He said In oart:
Father McDonald's Sermon.
The priests having returned to the sanc
tuary, solemn high mass, the first for the
new edifice, was celebrated. The Rev.
Father Valentinl was celebrant, the Rev.
James Grant deacon and the Rev. M.
Mackey sub-deacon.
The Rev. Philip O'Ryan was master of
ceremonies throughout the dedication.
After the arrival of the train from San
Francisco, ¦ shortly after 12 o'clock, the
solemn procession formed in the sacristy
and moved slowly down the aisle and- out
at the front entrance. The Rev. M.
Mackey, assistant pastor of the parish,
bore the crucifix, and in the nrocesslon
there were, besides Archbishop Riordan,
the following priests: The Rev. Hugh
Lagan of Sacred Heart parish, the Rev.
P. Scanlon of St. Joseph's - Church, the
Rev. M. D. Connolly of St. Paul's, the
Rev. James McDonald of St. Charles', the
Rev.. John Nugent of St. Brendan's, the
Rev. James Grant of St. Brieid's and the
Rev. Philip O'Ryan of the Cathedral, all
of San Francisco: the Rev. Father Val
entine of Sausalito, the Rev. T. Phillips
of San Rafael, the Rev. James Cleary of
Petaluma and the Rev. John- Rogers. .
The procession moved to the accom
paniment of the recital. of prayers, and
after it had passed out at the arched en
trance the solemn religious pageant
marched slowly around, the church, the
priests reciting the Psalms and the arch
bishop sprinkling the walls with holy
water.
Upon the return of the procession to the
main entrance the archbishop recited the
prayers of the ritual, and the surpliced
priests moved up the aisle to the altar,
where the litanies were' recited. : ; Again
passing out through the sanctuary gates
the procession moved down the aisle and
back again while the Archbishop sprinkled
holy water in blessing upon the side altars
and the walls of the interior. '•'.'" •
were opened and after all the' pews were
occupied chairs were placed, and still later
the rear of the church and the side aisles
were allowed to be occupied as standing
room. •
Hermann of San Francisco, held their
thirty-second annual picnic and outing at
S:huetzen Park to-day. Two thousand
people attended. The committee of ar
rangements was composed of O. Hocks,
president; W. Rust. O. Guy, P. Krueckel.
H. Haas. C. Hahn, J. Pope. F. Hensel.
D. Vogt, O. Simon, G. Christiansen, L.
Scharenberg, P. Schnoor, F. Fortman and
XV. L-ueddke.
SAN RAFAEL.* June 16.— The Sons of
Sons of Hermann Picnic.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 16.— In conse
quence of the renewal of labor riots last
Saturday the dockyard authorities have
decided to doss the docks until order is
restored. •V*'~5':
Rioting at St. Petersburg.
Bert Miller, a carpenter employed on
the Ingalls when she sank, died to-night
of his injuries, and another of the in
jured is expected to die.
CAPSIZED TRANSPORT
WTLIi SOON BE AFLOAT
NEW YORK, June 16.— Men were en
gaged all day. to-day In an attempt to
reach the army transport Ingalls, cap
sized in the drydock of the Robins Com
pany at Erie basin Friday. Late in the
day the wreckers had the boat on an even
keel. It is expected that she will be afloat
in a week.
TACOMA, June 16.— A laborer known as
"Charlie the Woodchopper" stabbed and
killed George "W. Swansen, a fellow la
borer, and severely wounded Jonas Hall
strom, his employer, during a quarrel on
a ranch near Ollala yesterday. A posse
of ranchers is scouring the district for
Charlie and threats of lynching are being
made.
Kills Companion and Is Being
Pursued.
Laborer in. tlie State of Washington
VISALJA, June 16.— At a late hour last
night. Judge "W*. B. Wallace Issued an or
der citing the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company to appear before the Tulare
County Superior Court en June 22 to show
cause why it should not be punished for
contempt- in disturbing the court by the
noise made in switching cars within ear
shot of the courthouse.
POSSE OF RANCHMEN
BENT ON A LYNCHING
ern Pacific Railroad Company
for Contempt.
Tulare County Judge Cites the South-
SWITCHING OF CARS
DISTURBS THE COURT
Among those whose generosity made
the erection of the church possible are:
Patrick Carroll. Charles Martin, E. J.
Callen, Mrs. M. Callen, P. Roche and
Mrs. Bloom. . ?
first reserved seat and Joined devoutly
in the first day's worship in the new
church. The theme of the window is
the Holy Spirit, treated allegorically.
The south transept window— the Sacred
Heart of Christ— and the north transept
window— the Sacred Heart of the Blessed
Aiother-are both rose windows. They
were provided for in a bequest left by
Mrs. Allen Griffin of Tomales.
The apse or nave window depicts the
assumption of the Blessed Mother. It
was donated by Mrs. McCune in memory
of her mother, Mrs. Mary O'Neill.
Four art GothTC windows also adorn
the transepts. They represent St. Mat
thew, St. Luke. St. Mark and St. John.
The one representing St. Matthew was
donated by Mrs. McGrievey; that of St.
Luke by Owen Burns; that of St. Mark
by Mrs. Fitzgerald, and that of St. John
by Mrs. M. Callen.
. The chancel window. • a rose window in
style, was the gift of Mrs.- Alice- Clark
of Tomales. Mrs. Clark is 98 years old,
but is strong, and active both in mind
and body, and to-day she occupied
Windows Are Masterpieces.
The handsome. sanctuary lamp in solid
silver, the work of a New York silver
smith, was the gift .of J. S.^ Phillips of
San Francisco in memory of his wife, Nel
lie T. Phillips, who was born and reared
in Tomales. . Its cost was $250. It hangs
from the stone arch above the sanctuary.
The stations of the cross were donated
by Michael Kirk, the •well-known attor
ney, t and one of the oldest -residents of
Tomales.' The stations are set in niches
of the wall, with a gold mosaic as back
ground. The cost of the gift was $750. *
The stained glass -windows ¦ were all
made - in . Munich. • Their coloring is ex
oul&ite, and- the composition most excel
lent.. • ., . \ v
Of the two side altars, the Blessed Vir
gin altar was donated by Mrs. C. A. Keys
of Tomales. ¦ It is of Italian marble, and
the front is handsomely carved in panels.
St. Joseph's altar is likewise of marble
from Italy,, and is similarly decorated
with handsome ! carving. It was donated
by Mrs. S. McGrievey of San Francisco.
Each of the side altar3 cost $800.
The high altar of marble,' one of the
special glbries .of the new .church, was
the gift . of Charles Martin, the Chileno
Valley capitalist and rancher, as a memo
rial-to his wife. Its cost was more; than
S1500. The altar furnishings — silver can
delabra, charts., etc.— were donated by
members of Mr. Martin's family. Mr.
Martin also gave the communion rails,
which are of Italian marble, with columns
of California onyx, and -the sanctuary
gates of bronze, heavily plated in silver.
Rails and gates cost '$1100.
Glories of New Edifice.
Lejeal's mass In D; solo, "Veni, Creator,"
Miss K. McDermott: offertory, trio, "Jesus
Del Vlvi," Mrs; Nootian, Dr. Smith, Mr. Con
nolly; sclo, "O Salutaris," Mrs. Kate Byrne.
A string orchestra under the direction
of Charles E. Schmltt added much to the
artistic completeness of the music of the
dedication. The special features, of the
music were the following: . ....
Organist— Miss Reta Kelly.
Bassos — William Morgan. George Connolly.
Sopranos— Mrs. Clara McGowan, Mrs. Noo
nan, Miss Mollle McDermott. Miss Nellie
O'Brien. .
' Tenors — Dr. James E. • Smith, Mrs. . William
Durham.
Ccntraltos— Miss Kate Byrr.e, Mis« Cora Mc-
Dermott, " Miss Anna Grozelier.
I wish Father Rogers every joy In his triumph.
I do hot know of any. greater joy in the life
of a priest than that which he feels when
dedication day comes and he '¦ turns over th«
results of his labor to God. He has not worked
for self-aggrandizement and when he offers a
new sanctuary to Gou his Joy is full and per
fect.
Next is the congregation, and I thank you
also for this church. The pastor could not
have buiided it except for your generosity.
But It should be remembered that this beau
tiful church and all the externals of our wor
ship have no value except as they lead us to
GoJ, who Is a spirit to be worshiped in spirit.
These external things help to bring us back
to him in whom we, have our being. Let us
hope that this sanctuary will help to bring you
by faith to him from whom you sprang.
The Archbishop's address closed the
ceremony of dedication. \. /
Music of the Services.
The choir, "specially organized for this
occasion, consisted of San Francisco
church singers under the leadership of
Miss Nellie O'Brien. It was composed as
follows:
feels exhausted. That your, pastor has^ been
able to build this church and not only does
not feel exhausted, but on the "contrary stands
ready to undertake the building: of another, la
a cause for sincere congratulation. The taste
displayed, in this building, both by pastor and
architect, sets a standard worthy of imitation
throughout the State.
LONDON, June 16.— The steamship Lu
cania. the first of the Cunaxd vessels to
fce fitted with the Marconi system of
wireless telegraphy, made communica
tion with the shore when twenty miles,
from Liverpool.
Communicates With, the Shore.
A far more startling possibility of war
fare of the future is suggested, and it
may rot be an idle dream. Mr. Clarke
rave the rime will come when by pushing
a. key and releasing powerful electric
¦waves from a wireless telegraph trans
mitter the mapazice of an enemy's ship
can bt successfully exploded at sea.
It was an Ingenious combination of the
.possibilities of wireless telegraph with
thoss of the Hummell telediagraph, or
picture telegraphing machine, which re
sulted in the marvelous joint application
of the two devices witnessed in the Her
ald bulldlrg yesterday.
IV. J. Clark, general manager of the
"L'nited States Electrical Supply Company,
assisted by the Herald electricians arid
telegraphers, conducted the experiments
r.o a successful issue. In addition to his
exposition of the utility of wireless tei»7
raphy in the transmission of pictures, Mr.
Clarke also demonstrated the feasibility
of employing wireless telegraphy in the
starting and stopping of trolley cars, the
lighting and extinguishing of Incandes
cent lamps from a distance and in the
discharge of artillery by firing guns from
a point remote from their actual location.
A miniature model of a trolley car run
ning on a circular track was controlled
without connecting wire as completely as
though the operator had a string tied to
it. instead of merely standing fifteen feet
away, as he did, and flashing a spark by
means of pushing a key with his thumb.
The circuit of the car was connected with
a mechanical motor so that when the mo
tor closed this circuit in response to elec
tric waves generated from the transmitter.
«md the car started briskly around the
track. When the motor opened the circuit
In response to a second impulse of the
transmitter the car promptly stopped.
Electric incandescent lamps were next
lighted or extinguished at 100 by pressing
the key of a portable transmitter.
Then came the marvels of wireless
telerraphy and the rapid strides made In
:ts development, culminating in wireless
reports of the international yacht races
sent ty frlgnor Marconi from a point at
s=ea to the Herald, thence to The Call
business efflce on Market street, with but
one r^lay, viz., the relay in The Call's
New York office In the Herald building.
Combination of Systems. • '
It is little more than two years ago that
the public read almost incredulously of
the marvels achieved by the Herald in
telegraphing pictures simultaneously to
Philadelphia, Boston, Chicago and St.
Louis. Portraits of Parkhurst and Croker
flashed along the same wire a thousand
miles or more in company without burn-
Ing the wire or tearing off the insulators.
A picture of the first gun fired at Manila
was ticked across the country for simul
taneous publication in four great cities
and back to the Herald from those cities
came pictures that were published
promptly in JCew York.
These modern miracles were brought by
the aid of an instrument much like a
phonograph in size and appearance, which
its inventor, E. A. Hummell of St. Paul.
called a telediagraph. Its mechanism and
method of operation were fully described
at the time. Since then It has been prac
tically utilized for transmitting to Bos
ton Illustrations of international yacht
races and on many other occasions of gen
eral interest, but the possibility of util
izing it except in connection with a. regu
lar telegraphic wire circuit had not yet
been demonstrated, and, indeed, was
hardly conceived.
Marvels in Telegraphy.
All this can be done, for the Herald has
demonstrated it in a series of experi
ments, concluded yesterday, whereby it
has successfully applied the principles of
wireless telegraphy to accurate transmis
sion from point to point of portraits,
sketches, maps and other pictures.
Portraits were yesterday transmitted
from a room situated in a distant part of
the Herald buldlng through space and
thence through a brick wall to the re
ceiving instrument situated in a room of
the Herald building, which The Call oc
cupies as its office. In the practical appli
cation of wireless telegraphy to the con
veyance of intelligence the Herald and
The Call have been pioneers in America
ever since they utilized Signor Marconi's
Fervices in reporting tne international
yacht races two years agt>. 'With the re
cent announcement of the Herald's pur
pose to revolutionize maritime news-gath
ering by the establishment of a wireless
telegraph reporting station on board the
Nantucket Shoals lightship, some forty
miles out at sea. interest in the fascina
ting subject has been renewed and further
research into its possibilities and limita
tions has been stimulated.
You can even have your physlogonomy
hurled through an eight-Inch brick wall
¦with the speed of a series of lightning
nashes and received in good condition for
recognition on the far side of the wall
v.ithout serious detriment to your cherish
ed lineaments.
You can have it wafted through space
on the crest of an electrical wave without
the intervention of even a wire as a me
dium, and faithfully reproduced in a few
moments for publication in your favorite
newspaper.
NEW YORK, June 16.— You can have
your picture taken now by wireless tele
graphy.
Special Pispatch to The CalL
Transmits Portraits Without
Aid of Any Connect
ing Medium. .
Wireless Telegraphy Is
Successful in New
Direction.
WAFTS PICTURES
THROUGH SPACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1901.
Devout Worshipers Gather From the anc^
San Franciscans Journey Northward to Tomales to Witness the Very Impressive
Ceremony at the Dedication of the Beautiful New>Church of the Assumption
PRIESTS MOVE IN SOLEMN PROCESSION
WHILE THE ARCHBISHOP BLESSES EDIFICE
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN IN SOLEMN PROCESSION OF CLERGY ENTER
ING MEW CHURCH OF THE ASSUMPTION AT TOMALES, DURING THE
CEREMONY OF DEDICATION.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS
HTEV7 ADVERTISEMENTS.
§V1M, VIGOR, VITALITY lor MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
• Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure tho
worst cases in old and your.g
arising from effects c* self-
abuse dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power Xlght Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desiree. Lame Back.
ICervoui DeMllty, Headache. £*«»«¦¦ to. M""
ry. Loss of Semen, /-» j^ Varicocele or Con-
S^S&. 8t 3 fc £SO S7» SSEX
lS rtror anflCEffTS potency to every
fSSn. Don't eet despondent; a cure is at
hand Reetore email, undeveloped organs.
Bdmulete the brain and nerve centers;. 50c a
box; 6 for $2 50 by mail. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Clr-
cularV free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.
40 Ellis Bt., San Francisco, CaL GRAIV.T
DRUG CO., 88 and, 40 Third st.
Diseases and
Weakness of
Dr.Talcott
& co.
Strictly Reliable.
J. D. Israel, Dayton, WaFh., says:
"Herpicide has completely cured my dan-
druff."
Charles Brown, president First Na-
tional Bank. Vancouver. Wash.. say«»:
"Herpicide is excellent for keeping the
scalp clean."
Mrs. A- Guerin, Great Falls, Mont.,
Eiiys: "I find* Herpicide an excellent dan-
druff cure." v.V
H. Greenland. Portland, Ore., says:
"Newbfo's Herpicide stopped my hair's
falling out."
A. E. Lanler, Denver, says: "Herpicide
has made my hair grow rapidly."
Scientific Dandrnff Treatment.
Testify to the Efficacy of the New
PEOMINENT PEOPLE
t Strictly Reliable.
Dr.Talcott
&co.
Diseases and
Weakness of
MENONItf
THERE IS _NO SUCH CONDITION A3
weakness In a "man under fifty years of age.
otKer than general dobillty. Prematureness.
Ions of^ vitality, etc., are but symptoms of
Bomo Osniage to the reproductive sy3tem.
cauwxi »./ a contracted disorder or early dissi-
pation, ix, looklns tor the location of this dam-
age *«» generally find an enlarged, swollen and
Inflamed prostate g!an<l. As this gland is th»
very center of the reproductive system it can
readily be understood that inflammation of It
must cause disordered function. These cases
ar« promptly benefited by proper treatment,
otharwlee the patient goes from bad to worse.
The essential point in all of them is the neces-
sity of the cure of the focus of the trouble in
the prostate. Many men have unsuccessfully
treated for a weakness an<: become discour-
aged, when. If an antiphlogistic plan 'of treat-
ment had been adopted instead of tonics, a
cure would have been the result. , In our ex-
perience there is no drug in the Pharmacopoea.
taken Into the stomach, that will even benefit
this class of cases. Our plan of treatment la
entirely a local one, and prompt results are ob-
tained, as Indicated by Increased circulation
and return of natural vigor. Our colored chart,
which we mail on application. Is Interesting to
any one wishing to study tha anatomy of taa
male.
997 MARKET STREET, Cor. Shcth. •
j where you can
choose from \
la¥]w££^1 the lar 2 est as-
f ortment at . thc
V £?i^;4PP^ lowest onces.
That means
At Gur Store
J^J©7^7 . Assortments ranging in
3fl/i Mlrr price from $1.0) to $3.00.
I \r s packed in wooden boxes .
(til. f{ j ready for shipment. "We
U I have lots of cheaper as-
I sortments. Send for our
if; I price list.
I | One box Assorted
/ | Fireworks given free
' l// 1 with every Monroe
!| '-7 / Camera. Price o?
i] // Camera reduced from
tf Ml $5.00 to @ 2.5 O.Now that Whitney's horse has made a winning run
for the Derby, perhaps the Democrats would like the
owner to make a race for the Presidency.
Percentage charity is an Eastern luxury that comes
high, but fortunately, we. don't have to have it. M^;
GUARDS at some of the county jails are pro
testing against the action of the police com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors in de
clining to sign demands for fresh fruit for their use,
and I. P. Kincaid, commissary for the jails, in sup
porting the protest has written to the board a com
munication, in which he says:
Some people might consider that fruit Is a luxury,
but I am of the opinion that in California it is not
classed in that category, as it may be seen on the tables
of the commonest boarding-houses practically during
the whole year, and I therefore see no reason why the
guards should not have it.
Whether or not the guards should be furnished
with fresh fruit is a matter upon which The Call has
no opinion to express. It cannot undertake to draw
up a menu for county institutions of any kind. Upon
the general question, however, whether in California
fruit is to be regarded as a luxury or as a staple food,
The Call has a decided opinion. Mr. Kincaid is
right Fruit in this State is so abundant and any
one who has lived here for any length of time has
become so much accustomed to it in one form or
another at meals, that it can no longer be "regarded
as a luxury. It is a part of tbe ordinary food of the
California people. The conception of it as a luxury
is a survival of ideas brought from the East or from
Europe, where fruit v is for the* rich alone.
Not only is fruit a staple food with us, but in this
climate it might be fairly called a necessary of life.
We are within the temperate zone, but there is a tinge,
of the tropics in our climate. Were it not so we
FRUIT AS FOOD.
PERSONAL MENTION.
It is stated that Conger has decided that he would
rather go back to China than to take chances of get
ting the Republican nomination for Governor of
Iowa; so it would seem the story about the yearn
ing for Conger among the politicians of Iowa must
have been exaggerated.
The decree is not a foolish one. The custom of
our courts require that any person taking an oath'
shall kiss a Bible, but there are few who actually kiss
it. The ceremony is the survival of an old ritual
which has long since lost its significance. By and by
it will be eliminated from court proceedings; and so
by and by the kissing of the royal hand will be elim
inated from the customs of the court of St. James.
King Edward evidently ha*s a good fund of sound
senseinhis head and it would probably be well for
his empire if he were allowed a larger liberty of
using it. .
With a similar display of common sense and disre
gard for old conventions he has given orders that
hereafter at royal receptions the ancient practice of
kissing the royal hand shall be made a mere matter
of form. His hand is not to be kissed. The gentle
man presented is to go through the form in due de
corum. He is to take the royal hand and bend over it;
but if there be any kissing, the kiss is to be placed on
the thumb of the kisser, and not on the royal hand.
The late Henry Grady of Georgia died in his youth
and all the promise of his genius and his patriotism
was lost to his country simply because he attended a
Plymouth Rock celebration in Massachusetts on a
cold, windy day and followed the custom of taking
off his hat and standing with bare head during a por
tion of the celebration ceremonies. From that use
less exposure he caught cold, which turned into pneu
monia, and he died. That is but one of the many
deaths that have resulted from the practice which men
have of taking off their hats on any solemn occasion
in the open air. King. Edward cannot prevent his
people from taking off thetr hats at certain times upon
the celebration of the royal birthday, but he can and
has prevented that celebration from taking place at
a season when the practice might entail serious illness,
if not death. , a.
One of these common-sense reforms was his decree
that the royal birthday shall be celebrated on the
anniversary of the birth of the late Queen, the 24th
of May, instead of on the actual anniversary of his
birth, which occurred in November. It may seem
to the unreflecting to be a little thing to hold a holi
day in May instead of in the cold month of November,
but thoughtful men will take a different view of it.
It is not always safe to attend open air festivals in
the bleak months of the year, as something more
than temporary discomforts may result. .
KING EDWARD ( of England has not been able
to mark his accession to the throne by any
t acts so startling as those by which Kaiser Wil
liam began his imperial career. He has not had the
power to Hrop Salisbury as Bismarck was dropped,
or to adopt a foreign and a domestic policy radically
different from that which prevailed under the former
sovereign. Being a constitutional ruler Edward has
had to confine his reforms to narrow limits. Most
of them indeed appear so small and trifling as to pro
voke a smile at first thought, but they are not with
out value and will doubtless prove beneficial to his
people. \
KING EDWARD'S REFORMS.
BETTER weather and brilliant crop conditions
caused a further improvement in both whole
sale and distributive trade last week. The bank
clearings showed a gain over the corresponding week
in 1900 of 66.3 per cent, the gain being especially
marked among the ten or dozen largest cities. This
was especially the case in New York, which exhibited
an increase of 95 per cent, which is particularly sig
nificant in view of the comparative quietness of the
stock market. Philadelphia, a most conservative
city, where trade is supposed to be legitimate if it
is anywhere, showed a gain of 90.6 per cent. These
figures indicate that the gain in these clearings is due
to an actual increase in consumptive trade, and not
to speculation. The failures throughout the country
were 188. against 180 for the same week last year.
The staples as a rule are showing a much better
movement than a month ago. More demand is re
ported for some kinds of woolens, and some of the
cheaper grades are heavily ordered ahead. Shoe
shipments from New England centers continue unus
ually large, in spite of the fact that the factories are
about through with their summer orders. These
shipments are now.ii8,ooo cases ahead of the same
time last year. The Western leather markets are
quoted firm, while hides have lately been tending up
ward. The wholesale dry goods trade is also report
ing an improvement in the distribution. But the iron
and steel trade continues to lead all others, and it is
remarkable how long the abnormal activity in this
industry keeps up. Pig iron is being heavily bought
by the great steel combine, while finished products
are quoted in enlarged demand. Wire goods, hard
ware and farming implements are in active request,
and manufacturers of wire goods are behind in their
orders. Railroads report large earnings and the gen
eral commerce of the country' is in as good condition
as at any time during the past two or three years, as
far as surface indications go.
Wall street is still lamenting the absence of the
dear public, which got its fingers so badly burned
during the recent railroad excitement. Conditions
there are rather tempting to the public, as the money
market is easy, and the fine crop prospects point to
large railroad earnings during the coming fall. The
situation is rather bullish than otherwise, and the
shorts are covering, but the public still holds off.
There is no selling pressure, and heavy operators are
inclined to hold their stocks, in view of the good
outlook just mentioned.
Our local conditions show no change worthy of
note. The different strikes, which were expected to
cause a falling off in trade, have not thus far done
so to any appreciable extent
The (ttmntry, on which most of the business of the
city is based, is looking well. The harvests are now
under way and are turning out well as a rule, while
prices for orchard and field products are well up to
the average at this time of the year. The foreign
trade of the coast continues of large volume, money
is plentiful, collections are as good as they ever are,
and there are no important failures to disturb the
outlook. If the last half of 1901 makes as good a
showing as the first half, the year will close with
as satisfactory a record as any of its immediate prede
cessors. .
It is somewhat surprising to learn that a former lieu
tenant in Roosevelt's Rough Riders has been arrested
in Kansas upon a charge of defrauding an Indian. If
he had been accused of making a hold-up with a rifle
the offense v.-ould not have seemed strange, but one
does not expect the border boys to work confidence
games.
LAST "WEEK'S BUSINESS.
San Francisco can look with pride upon the rapid
rise in the Philippines of her native son, James F.
Smith. First a colonel, then a brigadier general,
then Collector of Customs at Manila, and now Justice
of the Supreme Court of the islands. ; Funston of
Kansas has done well, but he is a long way behind
Smith.
The date of holding the primaries is not so far
off but every good citizen should begin to give
attention to the duties imposed upon him by his citi
zenship. When all the faults of the bosses have been
enumerated, the fact remains that the chief weakness
and defect of municipal government in America has
been the neglect of municipal politics by the better
elements of the people. In times past there has been
some excuse for the neglect, since honest men have
had but little chance of electing delegates in a boss
ruled primary. Now, however, the law gives all a
fair showing. It remains with the citizens to maintain
the law, and to make use of it. Let us hope the duty
and the opportunity will be neither overlooked nor
ignored.
It is to be borne in mind the league has been or
ganized mainly for the purpose of interesting Repub
licans in primary elections and thereby enabling the
party to profit by the primary election law. It goes
without saying the law cannot enforce itself, and un
less the better elements of the party attend the pri
maries the bosses will elect delegates enough to con
trol the nominating convention. The league has no
candidates of its own, nor does it favor those of any
faction. It seeks the support of all good Republicans,
but promises to none any benefit other than what all
will gain from the conduct of honest elections at
which every Republican will have an equal voice in
the selection of delegates from his district.
PREPARE FOR THE PRIMARIES.
x—> ONSIDERABLE gratification will be felt by
I all good citizens in the report that the organ
-^ ization of the Republican Primary League has
already promoted activity among the people in pre
paring for the coming primaries. Voters who believe
in honest politics and are opposed to boss rule have
been aroused to the importance of the issue, and dis
trict clubs are being organized for the purpose of
bringing out the rank and file of the party at the
elections, so that the delegates chosen will be rep
resentative of genuine Republicanism, and not the
tools of a boss who calls himself a Republican solely
for political effect.
One dispatch from Paris says the recent grand re
ception of the Castellanes was attended by but 350
guests, "all of them of the highest aristocracy"; .but
another says there were 2000 present and Eulalie pf
Spain was the only distinguished guest. Evidently
the Castellanes should keep a press bureau and send
out corrected returns.
\ Second — A curious but- very significant
fact is disclosed by the fiction of the dif
ferent countries, although unconsciously,
to its authors. The fiction, whether In
prose or poetry, of the countries to the
south of Europe is ijuite apt to end un
happily. From the time of the great
dramas of Greece and Rome through the
time of the awful tragedy of Dante's
"Inferno** down to our own the fiction of
southern countries is tragic. On the other
hand, the fiction of peoples of Anglo-Sax
on descent ends happily. The latter re
gard a tragic representation of ordinary
human life as something unusual and un
natural, and as an affront to a benevolent
Providence. Yet even in England, or Ger
many or France the story often turns on
the difficulties of poor -lovers who cannot
marry because of want of property which
will enable them to support themselves
and their families In married life. The
interest of the story turns on the difficulty
of the hero or the heroine to find a sup
port, and in the end a rich relative, or
some half a dozen relatives who stand
between the hero or the heroine and a
title or an estate, die off, or some wealthy
relative comes out of the clouds and they
marry and live happy ever after. The
same thing is found in many English me
moirs.- Tennyson's marriage was delayed
for years because he could not afford to
marry. Now/ in this country if there
were a pair of lovers found in fiction or
In real life who had health and strength
who could not get married if one had a
sixpence and the other a shilling, the
thing would be regarded as an absurdity
In fiction and a disgrace to the parties
if It were to happen in reality.
Boys Who Seek New Careers.
Take another quite obvious considera
tion. The condition of the farmer all over
the country fifty or one hundred years ago
waa considered one of the most enviable
which the law of humanity would admit.
The farmer and the farmer's •wife and the
farmer's boys worked from dawn to even
ing twilight summer and winter. They
had many privations. They practiced
strict economy. They had plenty to eat.
a shelter and good fires, a freeman's share
In the Government, a healthful and happy
life. Yet that life, then regarded as the
most fortunate on the face of the earth,
does not content the farmer's boy to-day.
If you go through any Northern State, or
any "Western State more than fifty years
old. and as you pass the older dwellings
ask what has become of the sons of the
men who had dwelt on those lands for
generations, you will Una the boys are
gone to take plac'e3 in the professions,
in manufacturing, in the management of
great railroads or great commercial es
tablishments, or in public life.
We are reminded of the great mass of
misery and of poverty that exists, espe
cially in our large cities. But we ought to
inquire what would be the condition of
the same people in any other country or
in any preceding generation. Much of this
distress is among our foreign population.
Yet ¦would many of the Irish consent to
go back to Ireland? Or the Swedes to go
back to Sweden and take the places held
by their grandparents at home? Would
the negro go back to slavery again?
Would he go back to Africa again?
The great educational institutions, and tbe
application of the sciences to practical
life, to which last large numbers of our
American youth owe the opportunity for
honorable and useful, lives, and the chance
in many cases of acquiring vast fortunes,
are all the creations of one or two genera
tions. There are great professions, cm
ploying immense numbers of active and
well-paid servants, which were unknown
when I was born. The number of com
mercial travelers in this country was esti
mated thirty years ago to exceed 100.000.
I suppose it is many times that number
now. The number of skilled electricians
must be nearly or quite as laiyre. The
railroads support more than five million
persons. The polytechnic institutions in
the country, and the other mercantile and
scientific schools, with their vast number
of pupils. I believe without an exception,
are younger than the Lawrence Scientific
school at Harvard, which was founded by
Abbott Lawrence about 1846 or '47. .. '
Condition of the Wage-Workers.
Labor in its lowest form now gets a
compensation, whether measured* by the
amount or the purchasing power of the
wages, largely in excess of any other
country, or of any ether previous genera
tion here. In 1344, when I was about 13
years old. the Fitcburg Railroad was in
process of construction. It was built by
Irishmen who had come lately to the
country, who got GO cents a day for a
hard day's work with the shovel. They
worked from. early dawn to late at night,
I suppose at least fourteen hours a day,
for a great part of the year. What able
bodied man now will work ten hours a
day for five days of the week, and half
that time on Saturday, for 60 cents a day?
Yet the 60 cents will go a good deal fur
ther now than it would in 1844. ,
I suppose every manufacturing' commu
nity In the country contains hundreds of
men, skilled workmen, capable manufac
turers, who came to this country from
England, or Scotland, or Sweden, or Nor
way, or Germany, wherfc they were glad
to get as skilled laborers a wage of $5 or
?6 a week, who In a very short time after
they got here received $2 or $3 a day, and
then became foremen, then agents, and
then got large establishments of their
own In which were employed hundreds of
workmen, every one of whom receives
three or four times what the employer
had received in his own country.
How Woman's Position-Has Improved
Now, take the improvement in the con
: dltion of women.. When I was born the
married woman had no property
she could call her own and no
rights against her husband, ex
cept that he was bound to sup
port her and she was exempt, if the
law was enforced, from cruel personal vio
lence. The husband, according to the law,
might correct her with a rod no bigger
than his thumb. All her personal prop
erty became absolutely his upon marriage
and* her real estate became his for life.
On the other hand, if she survied him,
she had no right whatever in his property,
except that if he invested it in real estate
which was improved, but not including
woodland, she had the rents and profits
of one-third of It for her life. Everything
else he could take away from her by con
veyance in his lifetime, or by will. In
stances were known of men who have
married women with large fortunes, lived
on their wives' fortunes all their days,
and then by. will left to the wife a small
and insufficient pittance to be enjoyed "so
long as she remains my widow." On the
< other, hand the woman could not make a
will ?.t all. Her personal services and
earnings were the absolute property of
her husband. She had no right or control
in the children. Their education was ab
solutely controlled bv the ' father, anil
First— The steady and unchecked tide of
immigration which comes to our shores is
the strongest possible testimony to the
advantage enjoyed here. The reason of
men and women is a guide at least as
unerring as the instinct of birds. They
know where they are best off. As in the
old fable of the "Lion's Den," although
for a far different reason, the footsteps
are all one way. It Is believed that the
United States is the only country on earth
which has had to make laws to repress
or check the tide_ of immigration.
I have been csked to say something- as
to the opportunity of an American young
man and woman in our day, as compared
with that of the youth of other countries,
or of former times. To deal with this
subject adequately would demand a good
deal of thought and an examination of
statistics. But there' are a few consider
ations which may be worth stating which
occur to one at once when the subject is
considered. Most of them are quite com
monplace. But they may have some value
if they are grouped together.
COPYRIGHT, 1901.
their services as well as hers were as ab
solutely his property as that of a slave.
Now, compare this condition, which is
still the condition of woman in many
countries calling themselves civilized,
with that of the American wife of to-day.
It is not unusual at this moment on the
Continent of Europe to see women yoked
to the same cart with large dogs, • and
sometimes with heifers and steers, draw
ing heavy loads, or working in the field
with shovel or hoe. She is often practi
cally nothing but a beast of burden still.
The American wife and the American
mother, as a general rule, is the most ex
alted being on the face of the earth. The
law protects her in her personal-property
and civil rights. But she finds a better
and surer protection than the law in the
chivalrous worship of son and father and
husband and brother.
The Rich and Their Fortunes.
Prophets of ill are plenty now, as al
ways; not, I think, so plenty now as for
merly. They tell us of the vast fortunes
that are accumulated in the hands of
single men. The millionaire rides in his
palace car while the poor man walks in
the heat of the summer sun or faces the
storm of winter. I admit that these great
fortunes are in some respects a great dan
ger. When the millionaire undertakes to
purchase political power of office he com
mits the most dangerous crime to the
safety of the republic. He deprives pub
lic office of what should be its chief re
ward; he deprives government of its pur
ity; he is a danger to the republic itself.
But these great fortunes are not an un
mixed evil. They are not made commonly
at the expense of poorer men.
For every million that the rich
man makes poorer men will, in
large numbers make their millions also
by other enterprises and employments
which but for him would not exist at all.
Leland Stanford and his associates made
their millions building a railroad across
ths continent. But the building of the
railroad and the railroad when it waa
built enriched hundreds of thousands of
men and created the prosperity of large
States, which without what these men
did never would have existed at all. And
under cur institutions where the prop
erty is divided among all the children and
cannot be tied up very well in a single
generation, these great fortunes are dis
tributed as rapidly as they are made.
"Where Bo the Fortunes Go?
In a " vast number of Instances these
great accumulations are in but another
form of socialism. The man who gets it
cannot take it away with him when he
dif-s. He gives it to the public by the en
dowment of colleges and schools and uni
versities and museums and libraries and
hospitals and parks. He does voluntarily
what the socialist wants to do by law.
But if it were done by law. as the so
cialist wants it to be done, all individual
enterprise and stimulation to energy or
invention or thrift would be lacking. What
has become of a large part of the wealth
of Mr. Rockefeller? What has become of
the wealth of Leland Stanford? "What has
become of the wealth of Mr. Hearst? And
what is to become of the wealth of Mr.
Carnegie? In my own city there have
been two vast fortunes made •within the
last few years. The owner of one of them
died the other day. leaving the whole of
it to a university. The owner of the other
still lives, now having reached mature
life without wife or children or near kin
dred. He has held his vast fortune as a
trustee for his fellow citizens, managing
it for them without pay with an ability
and a public spirit which no hired man
agers or no public officials could furnish.
Do not be in a. hurry, my socialistic
friend. If this thing goes on for another
generation the poor man in his right of
citizenship will confront the rich man,
himself the richer of the two.
,Now what are the qualities which bring
success to the individual youth? The first
and great essential to success is charac
ter. Honesty is better than genius for the
man who desires to get on even in this
world. Integrity multiplies by ten every
other capacity of man. The world almost
always attributes to the honest man of
ability an intellectual ability which it
would not ascribe to him without it. The
man who decides to do what is right in
every emergency, what is right and hon
est, acts, according to the universal ex
perience of mankind, wisely as well as
righteously. So, he forms a habit of right
judgment in great emergencies which
saves him not only from doing what is
morally wrong, but from mistakes if he
look merely at hi3 worldly interest. I re
peat, integrity multiplies every capacity
of the human intellect by ten.
Using 1 the Spare Moments.
I have in my time known many famous
in war, in statesmanship, in science, in
the professions and in business. If I were
asked to declare the secret of their suc
cess I should attribute it in general not
to any superiority of natural genius, but
to the use they made in youth, after the
ordinary day's work was over, of the
hours which other men throw away or
devote to idleness or rest, or society. There
areMoubtless many dull men, there are
doubtless men of rare and brilliant genius.
But the great things that have been done
in this world have not in general been
done by men of rare genius, and dull men
who have done their best have contributed
very largely to what has been done for
mankind. The great things in this world
have been done by men of ordinary nat
ural capacity, who have done their best.
They have done their best by never wast
ing their time. It has been said that the
great fortunes in this country have been
accumulated not by men with a genius for
making money, but with a genius for
money-keeping; that it is not the size of
the brook, but the strength and tightness
of the dam which -makes the great pond
That is as true of the result of a life's
work in getting honor or power or fame
or in storing mental capacity or doing pub
lic service as it is In money-getting If
half the hours of your day run to waste
there will be but half as much to show
for your life when it is over. I cannot
overstate this matter. "It is what we
sow," says the great preacher of the Eng
lish church, Jeremy Taylor. "It is what
we sow in the minutes and spare portions
of a few years that grow3 up to crowns
and scepters."
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
L.ADYSMITH— Subscriber, Mill Valley
Cal. It was on the 6th of January 1599
that the Boers were repulsed in the at'
tack on Ladysmith. ine at
EMPEROR OF GERMANY- S. J B
City. The only compensation that "WIN
helm of Germany receives is that allowed
him as King of Prussia, allowed
OLD CALIFORNIAN-Subscriber, City
One of the old California ten-dollar gold
pieces coined in 1849 by Moffat & Co a
private assay office, is worth what anv
one wishing to be possessed of it would
be willing to give. There are dealers who
?£ e f 1 such at prlce3 va nring from
$15 to olo w.
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Best eyeglasses, specs., 10c to 40c. Look
out front of barber and grocery. SI 4th. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
In Hungary there are thousands of vll
lages and hundreds of small towns with"
out a doctor within ten miles. "* ?"
CORONADo TEXT CITY. Coronado . B*ach.
Cal.. will be the poplar summer resort this
seaaon. It became famous last year for com
xort.. entertainment and health. Its splendid
caie waa a wonder, the nshiHg unexcelled.
v Of course it is disappointing that the Chinese ques
tion is not to be taken up, for it is one which ought
to be passed upon by just such an international body;
but too much should not be expected at first. The
court has been created and public sentiment in every
civilized country is working in its favor. Moreover
the enormous burdens. of taxation rendered necessary
by the military and naval armaments of the nations
tend to hasten the coming of the time when the court
will be useful in great as well as in little issues. At
the present time there would be no way of enforcing
the decisions of the court upon a great nation. Even
in this hemisphere we are witnessing the ease with
which a small nation like Chile can stop a plan for
pan-American arbitration simply by refusing to sub
mit to it.
While the early activities of the High Court are
thus disappointing, there is still something of en
couragement in the very fact that it has been created.
The Berlin authority is quoted as saying, "The Hague
agreement is something like the Magna Charter, a
convention around which future international law will
crystallize." It is stated thafthe German Emperor
and his Government are now more favorably inclined
to the court than ever before, and other governments
are believed to be similarly disposed.
It appears that despite its high sounding name and
the majesty of the powers it represents, the High
Court of Nations, as it is generally called, is begin
ning modestly. It evidently believes' in the day of
small things to start with. It would be interesting to
know what international questions it has under con
sideration, but no information on that point was
given. With the great issues of the time ignored, it
is safe to suppose the dignitaries of the court are
wrangling over some such mighty problem as that
involved in the question whether, jt be permissible in
war for an invader to burn a barn. There are some
men who see no objection whatever to the destruction
of the independence of a state, but who would be
greatly grieved if in the course of the destruction a
farm building were burned and a cow slaughtered.
THE HAGUE COURT.
BERLIN dispatches announce that a member of
the "International Court ... of Arbitration"
agreed upon at The Hague peace conference
and appointed by the great powers of the world has
stated in a recent interview that all of the fifty-five
representatives of the nations have been duly ap
pointed, that the court has been organized and that
several international questions are already before it.
He is reported to have added, however, * that the
Transvaal question- is not one within the scope of the
court, since the peace conference decided that the
Boer states were not sovereign; and furthermore that
the Chinese indemnity question is not among those
the court is considering.
MONDAY... .:... .....JUNE 17, 1961
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Litztn 111 CeBBcaietUens to W. 8. LEASE, Ktciger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE^^^jj^^Telephone Pre«» 204
PCBUCATIOX OFFICE Market and Third, S. K.
Telephone Preii 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Steren»on St.
Telephone Preu 2O2.
Dclirered by Carrier*, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Coplen. S Cents.
Terms l»r Mail. Including Postaffet
DAJLT CALL Oacludlnr Snncay). one year *«•*»
DAILY CALL rtndudlnr Sunday). • months »-°°
DAILT CALL (including Sunday). S months 1-50
DAILY CALL— By Sirrle Month 65e
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1 - 00
All postmaster* are nnthorlzed to receive
subscription*.
6ampl» ecpie* will be forwarded when requested.
Mall »ob«crlber» In ordering chanre of address ehcnlfl b«
particular to clve both J.TEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAA'D OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROC^SS.
Kistgtr rtreign Airtrtising. Ktrqcette Building, Chicago.
(Lonr Distance Telephone "Central IS19.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDE2CT:
C C. CARLToy. .Herald Square
JfEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building:
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldcrf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Boose; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
WA5HTXGTON* (D. C.) OFFICE. . .14O6 G St M IT. W.
MORTOY E. CRAVE. Correspondent.
BRA\CH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay. ci>en
cttll ».S0 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
Me A Ulster, cpen cntll 9:10 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
1:20 o'clock. 1941 Mlstlon. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until • o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
1200 FlJlmore. open until 9 p. m.
United States Senator From Massachusetts.
The San Francisco Call
¦ ,
Conditions in Favor of the Youth, of the
United States as Viewed by a
Statesman.
XVUi:— OPPORTTJSf ITTES OF TO-DAY.
By tlie Hon. George F. Hoar,
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
Three large armored cruisers are^ about
to be built for the French navy. A com
parison between this class ot vessels built
or building in France, Great Britain and
the United States is shown In the ap
pended table:
The British Admiralty Is seriously con
sidering antidotes to submarines, the
problem of which has been narrowed
down to three methods. The first 13 to
fire shells filled- with high explosives,
which, bursting in the water near the
boat, will beat it In. The second plan
Is to utilize the old plan of spar torpe
does, and the third Is by deliberate un
der-water attack. The success of the first
method depends upon accuracy of gun
nery and the certainty that ,the shell will
burst at just the right moment. The sec
ond means proposed presupposes that
there will be several boats armed with
spar torpedoes awaiting the appearance
of the submarine on the surface, in which
event the latter's annihilation Is pretty
certain. The third method simply means
a fight under water between the attack
ing and defending submarines.
• • •
The Iwate, Japanese armored cruiser of
95C6 tons,, arrived at Yokosuko on May 17
from England. She Is the last of six
armored cruisers built in Europe during
the past six years for the navy of Japan.
The ship was built by the Armstrong
firm at Elswick, her keel was laid July 1?.
1S38, launched March 29, 1900. and com
pleted March IS last. The period of con
struction (92S days>. while not a record
breaker in shipbuilding, is much better
than that of the New York and Brooklyn
of the United States navy, which took
1436 and 21S1 days, respectively, between
laying of keel and placing the ships in
commission.
Russia has ordered the construction of
four high speed cruisers of the Bogatyr
type, an improvement on the Variasr.
They will be built at Russian yards,
namely, at Wlndan. Liban. Nikalieff and
Sebastopol. Their tonnage displacement
is 6750 tons, with 20.000 horsepower and
twenty-three knots speed. The plans anrt
many of the patterns have been furnished
from the German yard at which the
Bogatyr was built.^
• • •
The cost of the new royal yacht Victo
ria and Albert Is likely to exceed double
the original estimate, which was J1.763.1S5.
A second revised estimate, made one year
ago. raised tb.3 sum to J2.560.170. and va
rious additional improvements recom
mended by the civilian expert to make
the yacht seaworthy have been In pro
gress since the revised estimate was
made.
Three officers of a Russian volunteer
fleet steamer, who were recently arrested
while in the act of drawing a map of
Nagasaki harbor, have been sentenced to
six months' severe imprisonment by a
Japanese court. As the three ofllcers left
the country while the case was pending
the sentence Is inoperative unless they
should venture to return to Japan.
The British battleship Bulwark has
made its thirty hours' coal consumption
trial under four-fifths power with these
results: Horsepower, 11,753; steam In boil
ers, 257 pounds; revolutions, 101; speed.
1S.8 knots; coal consumption. 1.3 pounds
per unit of horsepower.
The Nembo, one four thirty-knot de
stroyers building at Naples, has Just been
launched. The vessel is of 350 tons dis
placement, with eighty tons coal. 60W
horsepower and will have a battery of one
twelve-pounder and five slx-pounders.
The Navy Department has decided to
put Jflclausse boilers in the Pennsylvania
and Colorado, armored cruisers recently
contracted for. d/
The British cruisers Medea and Medusa
are to be fitted with water-tube boilers.
the first named to have boilers of the
Durr type, the other to receive Yarrow
boilers.
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS.
could not profitably grow, so many subtropical fruits.
Our people therefore require something of a fruit
diet almost as imperatively* as do the people of the
tropics. The use of it is healthful and beneficial and
saves many a doctor's bill. It may not be advisable
to furnish it to the guards of the jails, but if so the
rejection of it from the list of food supplies should
be put upon some other ground than that of its be
ing a luxury. That objection cannot be urged suc
cessfully in any part of California.
PRESIDENT CROWLEY of the Youths' Di
rectory has formulated a plan for training boys
in farm work and fitting them for obtaining in
manhood an independence by the cultivation of the
soil instead of joining the ranks of wage earners in
the city. The plan of course is not a new one.. Many
a time has the philanthropy of the world sought to
save youth from the dangers and competitions of city
life by carrying them back to the land. That, how
ever, is no objection to the plan. It is on the other
hand a proof of its merit, for it is an assurance that
it is based upon conservative wisdom drawn from the
experience of the world in matters of that kind.
Of course the plan proposed by President Crowley
is not exactly like any other. That was not to be ex
pected nor desired. Every earnest and original
teacher has his own way of working out the prob
lems of education, and such a teacher is he. whose
work in the Youths' Directory has achieved so much
of benefit, not only for the boys who have been
under his instruction but for the community at large.
We have then a plan submitted to the consideration
of our people of means which merits their support.
It is not a fantastic plan, nor is it proposed by a
theoretical reformer, or visionary philanthropist It is
a practical, common-sense measure, and if supported
by adequate donations is to be carried out under the
supervision of men who have had experience in teach
ing and managing boys, and whose work already
accomplished attests their fitness for the new work
they purpose to undertake.
To carry out the plan there is needed something like
300 acres of fertile farm land and an endowment of
about $75,000. To supply those things will impose no
great strain upon the liberality or the wealth of Cali
fornia. The training to be given at the farm would
furnish the State with a number of young men able
to undertake the skilled work of farming, horticulture
and viticulture, who would be useful in the promotion
and advancement of those great industries. Thus
California would not only have the benefit of con
serving in the ranks of useful citizens many youths
who might otherwise be forced to augment the crowd
of the unemployed and discontented, but it would
also materially strengthen its rural industries.
It is to be borne in mind that according to the plans
of President Crowley tbe institution would be non
sectarian. It is designed ,to help the youth of the
State who need help, and not to inculcate any par
ticular creed or dogma. It is therefore one which
merits the support of the liberal of all churches or of
no church, and it is to be hoped the support will be
promptly given.
FARM TRAINING FOR BOYS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1901.
4
A reclassificatlon of vessels of the
United States navy has *been ordered by
the President. Under the new system,
which went into effect on June 7. there
will be four rates, based on their tonnage
alone, divided as follows, for vessels of
war: First rate. S00O tons and over: sec
ond rate, 4Q0O tons and under SWX> tons;
third rate, 1000 to 4000 tons; fourth rate,
all other vessels. Auxiliary vessels of
6000 tons and over, except colUers. hos
pital ships and other special class vessels,
are to be of the second rate. the_ excep
tions going into the third rate. Commands
are assigned as follows: Admiral, to com
mand a fleet; rear admiral, to fleet or
squadron: captains, -to division or ships
of the first or second rate; commanders,
to division or ships of the second or third
rate; lieutenant commanders, to third or
fourth rates; lieutenants, to fourth rates,
a destroyer, torpedo-boat, tug or tender;
lieutenants, junior grade, to torpedo-boat,
tug or tender; ensign, to torpedo-boat or
tug.
?=^ — — — — — i
C. M. Scott of San Jose Is at the Cali
fornia.
Dr. H. M. Kier of Woodland Is regis
tered at the Grand.,
I*. S. Alexander of "Watsonvllle is a
guest at the Occidental.
A. H. Ashley, an attorney of Stockton,
is a recent arrival at the Lick.
Railroad Commissioner Blackstock 13
registered at the Grand from Ventura.
J. Harvey McCarthy, engaged in the oil
business at L03 Angeles, is at the Cali
fornia.
Sydney Josepbson. a business man of
Sydney, N. S. "W., is on© of the guests
at the Occidental.
C. A. Storke. ex-Mayor and a promi
nent attorney of Santa Barbara, is at tha
Grand for a brief stay.
George Michel, who owns an extensive
copper mine in Sonora, Mexico, is regis
tered at the Palace with his wife.
Henry T>. Marcus, connected with th»
Massachusetts Technical Institute of Bos
t'on, is one of tfce arrivals at the Palace.
R, H. McClelland, general freight agent
of the Georgia Railroad, with headquar
ters at Nashville. Tenn.. is at the Grand.
Congressman J. F. Stewart of Pater
son, N. J., returned yesterday from a trip
to Yosemite and is staying at the Palace.
Mrs. L. B. Kenyon of Salt Lake has
taken apartments at the Occidental in
company with her two sons and a daugh
ter.
Dr. Gustave Hoze of Vienna, who la
touring the world, returned yesterday
from a trip to Monterey and is at th«
Palace.
Chauncey Olcott, the Irish singing cexn
edian, arrived yesterday from New York
City with his wife to play a local engage
ment, and registered at the Palace.
A. E. Martin, a wealthy resident of Min
neapolis, Minn., is: at the Palace, accom
panied by his wife. Mr. Martin Is hen
to visit his brother. Dr. George Martin.
DIMENSIONS I Gam- I I Colo-
AXD DATA. betta. Drake, rado.
Displacement (tons). 12,416 14,100 13,400
Length (feet) 476 600 602
Breadth (feet) 71 7l! 6t>.5
Draught (feet) 28.25 26| 21.5
Main armor belt (In.) 6 — I «— &-3U
Upp'r armor belt (in) S — 3 SJ 5—
Main turrets 6' 12—1 8— 'i
Secondary turrets 6j !
4—7.6 2—9.2! 4—8
l*-«.4 15—6 14-*
Guns, No., caliber 14— 12-lb IS— 12
22— 3-lb 3— 3-lb 12-3-lb
Propellers (number). 3 2 J
Engines (horsepowr) 27.WV) 30.000 23.CflQ
Coal (tons, normal).. 1320 1230' 9«>
Coal (tons, capacity) 2000 2500( 2000
Speed (knots) 221 13! 23
Cost '(estimated) $5,843,T0O^,046.86O[|6,00O,filii)
No. each type to build 3| 4| 3
DIMENSIONS I Gam- I I Colo-
AXD DATA. betta. Drake, rado.
Displacement (tons). 12,416 14,100 13,400
Length (feet) 476 600 602
Breadth (feet) 71 7l! 6t>.5
Draught (feet) 28.25 26| 21.5
Main armor belt (In.) 6 — I «— &-3U
Upp'r armor belt (in) S — 3 SJ 5—
Main turrets 6' 12—1 8— 'i
Secondary turrets 6j !
4—7.6 2—9.2! 4—8
l*-«.4 15—6 14-*
Guns, No., caliber 14— 12-lb IS— 12
22— 3-lb 3— 3-lb 12-3-lb
Propellers (number). 3 2 J
Engines (horsepowr) 27.WV) 30.000 23.CflQ
Coal (tons, normal).. 1320 1230' 9«>
Coal (tons, capacity) 2000 2500( 2000
Speed (knots) 221 13! 23
Cost '(estimated) $5,843,T0O^,046.86O[|6,00O,filii)
No. each type to build 3| 4| 3
C«U1 <«b«cr!ben centempUtlnc m. change et
KtKcaee daring- tbe summer months can harn
Cfcelr paper (orvrarded by mail to their new
Udreitn by notifying; The Call Business Offlee.
This ptper will also be on sale ait all summer
•¦sorts and Is represented by a local agent la
•U town *a the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWS FOR THE SUMHER.
By G H. tTmbsen & Co.— Monday. June 2*. at 12 o'clock.
Choice Property, at 14 Montgomery street.
AUCTION SALES.
Alctiir— "Countess Valeska."
Grand Oper*-House— *'Gismon<Ja_**
Central— "A Klrht at the Circus."
Tivoll— "The Toy Maker."
OiTfcecm— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Darcy of the Guards."
Olympia, eorncr Mason and Eildy streets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
eveninc.
Fi srher' s— Vaudeville.
Putro Baths— Swimming.
Excursion to Los Gatos — Monday.
AMUSEMENTS.THE butchers' strike has been settled by a compromise between
the Journeymen Butchers' Union and the Wholesale Butchers'
Association. The executive committee of the wholesalers asked
for a conference with the executive committee of the. iourney
men, last Thursday. Three "conierences were held, and Saturday
night the following: was agreed on:
The demands of 'the journeymen as to hours, and union rules were
granted by the bosses and the union market cards were waived bv the
union. All journeymen are to be reinstated in their former positions on
Monday. R. c. DUN BAR.
HERMANN MAY. Secretary. Chairman Executive Committee.
END OF BUTCHERS STRIKE
IS OFFICIALLY ANNOUNCED
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G . STREET, N.
TV., -WASHINGTON, June 16.— Safe
steamer lines across the Pacific Ocean
have been established as a result of the
operation of a plan proposed by the Navy
Department a year ago. '
These lanes are thirty miles wide and
insure safe navigation, for no obstruc
tions have been discovered. Reports re
ceived by Captain C. C. Todd, hydro
grapher of the navy, from sixty com
manders' of warships, governmet trans
ports and merchant steamers show that
not a single menace to navigation exists
within the limits of the tracks platted by
the department. The lanes across the Pa
cific connect . San Francisco with Hono
lulu, Guam and Manila, San Francisco
with Nagasaki, Puget Sound ports with
Nagasaki and Honolulu with Guam and
Nagasaki.
The benefit which' will result to the car
rying trade of the Pacific is thoroughly
appreciated by exporters and steamship
men on the Pacific Coast, and they pro
pose to use their influence to obtain the
adoption by Congress of Rear Admiral
Bradford's recommendation for a com
prehensive survey of the Pacific Ocean.
Captain Todd-in his annual report will
strongly urge that Congress be asked to
make an appropriation which will enable
the department to fit out a ship to make
the survey, and Rear Admiral Bradford,
chief of equipment, will incorporate this
recommendation in his report.
Naval attaches of Germany, Great
Britain and Japan have taken considera
ble interest in the proposal of the Navy
Department for a survey, and they have
suggested the advisability of the partic
ipation of- their governments. If 'these
governments should act with the United
States in this matter it is pointed out that
the ocean could be divided and each na
tion survey that section which Is espe
cially important to its commercial inter
ests or in the vicinity of its insular pos
sessions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Tracks Platted by Navy
Department Free of
Menace.
Movement Now Under -Way
for Comprehensive Sur
vey of the Ocean.
STEAMER LANES
ACROSS PACIFIC
After Hours Spent in Debate Resolution
Unanimously Passes That All Shall at
Once Resume Places Left on Monday
JOURNEYMEN BUTCHERS
GIVE UP THE STRIKE
BATTLESHIP OREGON IS THE CENTER
OF ATTRACTION ON THE WATER FRONT
Crowds Overrun Huge Fighting Machine— Wisconsin Has Her
Final Trial and Proves Herself an Admirable Sea Boat—All of
>Her Guns Are Brought Into Action During the Run
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, ;JUNE 17, 1901.
MONDAY, JUNE 17.
Sun rises ...4:47
Sun sets 7:34,
Moon sets 8:30 p. m.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time- of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference la
the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTE— The high an^ low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
! SCENES ON THE BAT AND THE GREAT BATTLESHIP YESTERDAY,
' WHEN MANY HUNDREDS OF PERSONS WENT OUT TO VIEW THE
FORMIDABLE ENGINE OF NAVAL WARFARE.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
. A woman's final object in getting her
hands on a man la to get her fet on him.
The only route having through sleeping
car eervlce between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask L.
M. Fletcher. 212 California street. •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
Christian Sullivan was playing with a
pistol yesterday at his room 1423 Folsom
street, and the weapon went off. The
bullet lodged in Sullivan's hand and was
located by Drs. Bunnell and Murphy 'at
the Emergency Hospital by means of the
X-ray.
Bullet in His Hand.
Beginning Sunday, the 16th, morning
train for Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Del
Monte, Monterey, leaves 8 a. m. Instead of
9 a.m. Afternoon train from these points
arrives 7:30 p. m. instead of 4:10 p. m.
of Southern Pacific.
Radical Time Changes. Coast Division
DON'T GET LEFT.
AFTER a heated discussion of
more than four hours at the
Turk-street Temple yesterday af
ternoon Journeymen Butchers'
Workmen's Union No. 115 declared
their contentions with their employers at
an end and will ask to be restored to the
poeltions they vacated last Monday morn
ing. This result was accomplished after
a long series of debates and the use of
seme unparliamentary language.
Originally the union had some 1400 mem
bers, but only a tenth of that number
were present during the day. Shortly
after the meeting opened Organizer Pierce
announced that the wholesale butchers
had issued a second ultimatum that all
men who refused to return to work by 10
o'clock Monday morning would be for
ever debarred from employment. Later
came a message that the Retail Boss
Butchers' Association, representing nearly
3OJ of the leading retailers, had decided to
take no part in the strike.
A motion to declare the strike off was
finally made and unanimously carried and
the chairman announced that all were at
liberty to return to work.
When the doors were opened Secretary
May said:
"We will furnish a statement to the
press of our position to-night, after we
meet the executive committee of the
¦wholesale butchers. We have nothing to
Bay at present.
Isaac Frohman, attorney for the whole-
Kale butchers, was advised early of the
action of the journeymen, and said:
"I know of no meeting called of the
executive committee for to-night. Mr.
Rodolph, the secretary, I have not seen
nor heard from all day. It would be diffi
cult to get the members together at such
ehort notice, and this proposition to meet
the committee can be easily called a bluff.
When the men return to work they will
be treated as Individuals, and their
cases will be considered according as
they are valuable or need employment."
Some of the more radical members of
the Journeymen's Union are proposing to
strike off the rolls of the union the names
of the men who went back to work during
the earliest days of the strike.
MILLIONAIRE TO JOIN
CARPENTERS UNION
Colorado Laboring Men to
V Ballot Upon W. S. Strat-
J v ton's Name.
COLORADO SPRINGS. June 16.— W. S.
Etratton's wealth is variously estimated
at from {15,000,000 to $30,000,000. Despite
this he has put In an application for mem
bership in local union JCo. 515 of the
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and
Joiners of America.
Stratton was a carpenter before the In
dependence mine made him. wealthy and
was a skilled workman. A few days ago
Robert Kelly, a member of No. 515, met
Stratton and asked him to join. Stratton
replied, laughingly, "I'm broke." A few
days later Kelly asked him, "Have you
got. the price yet?" Stratton replied that
he had managed to scrape It up and put
In his application for membership, which
•vill be voted upon at the next meeting.
Mr. Stratton'6 election as a. member, of
course, is a foregone conclusion.
"Do you know what this means? It
means that they are going to kidnap me.
They will try to get me some night. They
will carry me to a hospital and bind me
hand and foot. Then they will beat me
and torture me till they make me insane."
"I have special Information,", shouted
the general overseer to his followers,
"that a law has just been juggled with
special reference to me. These doctors
have fixed it so that an insanity com
plaint does not have to come from a rela
tive now, but may come from any man
who says he acts in the public interest.
With all this, Dowie repeated continu
ally his pretensions to be Elijah reincar
nated, making way for the end of the
world, and he incidentally laid claim . to
immortality, until such time as his work
was accomplished.
He said that the kidnaping might take
place to-night, and after hl3 service he
called a special private meeting of the
male members of Zion to take steps to
help the Zion guard in protecting him.
He also made threats against the physi
cians that he would do them as he
thought they were trying to do him, un
less they shall let him alone.
CHICAGO, June 16.— John Alexander
Dowie announced at his meeting in Zion
Tabernacle to-day that certain physicians
of this city had formed a plot to kidnap
him, lock him in a detention hospital and
boat him on the head and back until he
should lose all his reasoning powers and
become really Insane.
Says Certain Physicians. Are
Plotting Against His
Sanity.
ZI0NITE DOWIE FEARS
HE WILL BE KIDNAPED
ONE of the results of the differ
ences between the employing
butchers and their journeymen
resulted yesterday in the organi
zation at B'nai B'rith Hall of the
Retail Boss Butchers' Association. Ac
cording to reports 2S4 representatives of
the various shops were present and the
following officers were elected: President,
H. C. Flageollet; secretary. John H. Lar
ney; treasurer, Frank
Consideration of the present conditions
of the trade were discussed, and after a
lengthy consideration of affairs the fol
lowing resolution was adopted:
Resolved. That in order to keep harmony and
integrity In our ranks we will not take up
the fight that lies between the journeymen,
the wholesalers and the Jobbers.
A minority wanted to uphold the strik
ers, but only ten of the total number of
votes cast were recorded against the
proposition.
Another matter that was considered
was the proposition of certain members
to have the association indorse the forma
tion of a stock company to erect or pur
chase a slaughter-house or plant. This
was lost by almost a similar vote.
The proposition to display union cards
was briefly discussed but no action was
taken.
After the meeting President Flageollet
said: t
"All the trouble between the employing
butchers and their help arose over the
union cards. When we first met in confer
ence certain terms were proposed. These,
after other conferences and some slight
modifications, were accepted, and all was
harmony. Fred W. Sanderson was elected
business agent of the journeymen, and a
few days later went around to every shop
in the city with the framed union card.
•Display this if you will, or put it where
it won't be seen, just as you please,' he
said.
"Some shops displayed this card, and
then Eome 150,000 cards bearing the union
label were passed around among labor
unions asking that union men patronize
only shops where the union card was dis
played. Some of us, in districts where the
union feeling does not run so strong as
in others, did not display the card. Then
Sanderson reported to .the union that'
some retailers v;ere not living up to their
agreement, and the short-lived strike en
sued. The wholesalers took the matter
in hand, because they, like the owners of
retail shops, felt that they had been bad
ly imposed upon. We resisted, and the
result that followed is well known to
everybody. Upon the shoulders of Mr.
Sanderson must " rest the burden of the
Inconvenience suffered by the people of
this city." ' • •
The association will meet again next
Sunday at the same place.
Ironworkers Returning to Work.
Some of the ironworkers who went out
on strike are returning to work. A num
ber will resume their old positions this
morning in some of the larger shops. In
order that they may be protected they
will remain within the inclosures of the
various establishments, being fed and
housed there. No estimate of the number
of men so returning could be obtained
last night from reliable sources.
The Ironmolders* Helpers' Union will
meet on Wednesday night for permanent
organization at 1159 Mission street.
Secretary Ed Rosenberg of the San
Francisco -Labor Council after his ardu
ous labors of the past few months suc
cumbed to the strain and is now confined
to his bed. He expects with a few days'
rest to be able to resume his labors.
The Coal Teamsters' Union will meet
at Gambrinus Hall next Tuesday evening.
#-H-;":"H-I"H-:-l-M"X"M"I"M-M-I-»
NEW YORK— Arrived June 16— Stmr Rotter-'
dam, from Rotterdam and Boulogne; stmr
Chrlstlania, from Naples; stmr Armenia, from
Hamburg and Boulogne,- via Halifax. .
BE ACHY HEAD— Passed June 16— Stmr Bar
baroEsa,, from Bremen, for Cherbourg and
New York. .... ...
BROWHEAD— Passed June 16— Stmr Belgen
land, from Philadelphia, : for Queenstown • and
Liverpool.-
TENERIFFE— Passed ' June 16 — Stmr - Archi
medes, from New York, , via St. Michaels, for
Genoa, Naples, etc. ; stmr Lombardia, from
Genoa and Naples, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June, 16— Stmr Etru
ria. from New York, via. Queenstown. . ;
• MOVILLE — Arrived June 16 — Stmr Lauren
tian, from New York, for Glasgow, : and . pro
ceeded. : ' • .
ST. - JOHN— Arrived Stmr Carthafcenian, from
Glasgow and Liverpool, for Halifax.* N. S., and
Philadelphia. : •- ¦¦¦¦¦>
. QUEENSTOWN — Sailed June 16 — Stmr Luca
nia, • from Liverpool, for New York, j . .
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived June 16— Stmr
Rhynland, from Liverpool and Queenstown.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ST. LUCIA — Arrived June 15 — Stmr Ameri
can, from Hllo, for Philadelphia, and sailed.
HONGKONG— Arrived June 15— Br 8tmr Bel
gian Klngr. from San Diego.
SUEZ— Arrived June 15— Br c stmr Teenkal.
from Seattle, for London. ¦ i , ¦
FOREIGN PORTS
NEW YORK— Sailed June .15— Stmr Califor
nian, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed June 5— Br stmr Caith
ness, for Australia.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In June 6— Stmr
Taeoma, from Yokohama; stmr Robert Dol
lar, hence June 1. for Seattle.
PORT LUDLOW- Sailed June 1&— Schr Ma
nila, for Iqulque.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 15— Stmr Robert
Dollar, hence June 11, and sailed for Port
Hadlcck.
NEAH BAT— Passed out June 16— Bark
Gatherer, for Ban Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived June 1G— Stmr Taeoma,
from Yokohama. ¦ = ¦
COOS BAY— Arrived June 16— Schr Western
Home, hence May 22; June 15— Stmr Empire,
hence June 12. .
EUREKA- Arrived . June 16— Stmr North
Fork, hence June 14; stmr Alliance, hence June
14; stmr Eureka, hence June 15; atmr Aber
deen, hence June 14.
SEATTLE— Arrived June IS— Stmr Excelsior,
from Valdez. • ' '•
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Schr Golden Shore, at Honolulu June 6. from
Newcastle, Aus, carried away topmast during
a sale. .
MISCELLANEOUS.
POINT LOBOS. June lfr— 10 d. m.— Weather
thick, wind southwest: velocity 12 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
. Sunday, June 18.
Stmr Newburg, Petersen, Crays Harbor.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Dieuo.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, -Eureka.
Stmr Whlteaboro. Olsen, "Whitesboro.
. Stmr Greenwood, Fasrerlund, Greenwood.
Br ship Dynomene, Snodden, Queenstown .
Bark Himalaya, Bergman, Adelaide.)
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, Ventura, In
tow of txxtc Rescue.
SAILED.
Sunday, June 16.
U S Btmr Wisconsin, Rleter, from a cruise.
Br strar Wyefleld, Watson, 88 hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Stmr Scotia, Walvisr, 18 hours from Rock
port.
Stmr Mattewan. Crosscua, 86 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, 60 hours from Victo
ria and Pusret Sound ports.
Stmr Celia, Higrglns, 18 hours from Albion.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, 43 hours from San
Diego and way ports.
Strar Bonlta, Nopander. 67 hours from New
port and way ports.
Nor stmr Tltanla, Eeeenes, 92 hours from
Nanalmo.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 29 hours from Moss
Landing. .
Br ship Pythomene, McAusland, 23 days
from SanDleso.
Schr Jennie .Griffin, Campbell, 5 hours from
Point Reyes.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 9 hours from Bo
dega.
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
The big freight steamer Hawaiian was
expected from the islands yesterday. The
heavy northwest weather has probably
delayed her.
The mail steamship Sonoma is now in
first class trim and will get away prompt
ly on time next Thursday for Australia-
had finally to pay $30 a month, which Is
the ' largest wage paid deep water men
in years. The Himalaya, is bound for
Australia.
THE warships in port drew a big
crowd to the water front yester
day. Everybody wanted to see
the Oregon, and in consequence;
nearly a dozen launches were
kept busy from 1 to 6 p. m., carrying peo
ple to and from that huge fighting ma
chine. Boats laden with people came and
went every five minutes, but there was no
confusion and not a single accident.
On board the Oregon everything was in
readiness for visitors. Petty officers were
there to show people over the ship and
men were at every station ready to ex
plain everything to the curious. ; From the
keel almost to the fighting top; and from
stem to stern the crowd swarmed over
the vessel, and at one time during the
day she seemed to be alive with people.
Every part of the ship, save the officers'
quarters, was open to the public, but in
no instance waa the liberty abused.
The quartet of warships, formed by
the arrival of the Oregon, was again at
anchor off Folsom-street wharf. The Wis
consin broke the combination early Fri
day morning, by going to sea, but formed
it again on her return yesterday morning.
<The youngest, but in many .respects the
most formidable of the fleet, was away on
her final trial trip. It was not a test of
speed, but of her sea-going qualities, and
she came triumphantly out of the ordeal.
There was a clause in the contract for
the Wisconsin that called for a sea trial
six months after she had been accepted
by the Government. It was this trial the
battleship had Saturday. A board of
naval officers and Chief Engineer Porsyth
of the Union Iron Works were aboard. A
run to Santa Barbara channel was made
and on the way back all the guns were
used. A fusillade was kept up from the
time Point Conception was passed until
the fog came up Saturday afternoon.
During the run the Wisconsin averaged
16.08 knots an hour under natural firaft
for two hours. The rest of the time she
jogged along.
This will be a great day among the boys
on the warships. . The much-talked-of
race between crews from the Wisconsin
and Iowa will be rowed to-day, and every
man on the fleet stands to win. a month's
pay or go broke on the event. The race
will start from Hunters Point about
1 p. m.
Movements of Transports.
Uncle Sam has chartered the steamship
Wyfleld to carry supplies to Nome. The
vessel arrived from Puget Sound' yester
day with a cargo of coal, having made
the run in the good time of eighty-fivo
hours. On the way up, however, her crew
thought she would never make Flattery.
A sixty-knot gale blew right in her teeth
nearly all the way and^the first day out
from San Francisco all she made against
it was thirty-five miles. Being light, sho
would not steer and the steamship Po
mona stood over to her to see if anything
was the matter. After discharging hero
the Wyfleld will go to Seattle and take
the Rosecran's cargo to Nome.
It now looks as if the Rosecrans will
not be ready for sea for months to come.
The Government sent her to Tacoma to
be repaired and as soon as she got there
the machinists and boiler makers went to
work and tore the machinery and boilers
to pieces in order to overhaul everything.
Then the strike came and the transport's
engine room was a wreck. Had she been
left alone her own crew of engineers
could have fixed things up so that the
trip north could easily have been made,
but now nothing can be done without help
from the shops.
The transport Buford, with the Forty
first Infantry, Is fully due from Manila
via Nagasaki and should arrive any hour.
The transport Hancock will sail for Ma
nila on the 25th inst. She will take away
a number of cavalry and some teachers.
Liverpool Manned at Last.
Captain Lewis of the ship Liverpool has
at last secured a crew and will probably
get to sea to-day. Fourteen of his men
are "hayseeds," whom he Is paying $20 a
month, while the other fourteen are AB's,
whom he is paying $25, and each one of
whom cost him $25 "blood money." The
ship has been tied up waiting for men
nearly ten days and in that time it has
cost the owners far more than the differ
ence in the pay.
Two of Crowley's boatmen who went
out to the Liverpool with a sailor yester
day did a clever piece of work on the
way back. It was blowing strong and
there was a nasty tide up that made sail-
Ing difficult. The Whitehall half filled with
water and nearly went down. The men
got her before the wind, however, and
maneuvered their waterlogged craft into
smooth water. Then they sailed her back
to Valle-Io street, but when the float was
reached she was still half full of water.
Water Front Notes.
The ship Yosemite that was recently
condemned on the Sound has been pur
chased by San Francisco parties, j She Is
to be thoroughly overhauled and- her rig
changed to a bark, after which she will
load lumber for Australia. Captain Ham
ilton, late of the Mauna Ala, will com
mand her.
The bark Himalaya was delayed two
days for want of a crew. ' Her owners
5
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L. W 1H W Z, W H W
17 ... 6:58— 1.3 1:09 4.9 6:37 "s7o 11:45 6.4
18... 6:43—1.1 1:54 5.0 6:30 3.1
H "W L, \V H W L. "W
19 ... 0:39 6.0 7:39—0.8 2:40 5.2 7:3S 2.9
20... 1:34 5.6 8:12—0.3 3:25 5.3 8:38 2.8
21 ... 2:34 5.0 8:56 0.2 4:06 5.4 9:50 2.6
22 ... .3:34 4.5 9:40 0.7 4:50 5.5 11:00 2.2
23 .. 4:46 4.0 10:29 1.2 5:34 5.5
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Acme..
Despatch
Noyo...... —
G. W. Elder..
Colombia
Bonlta
Acapulco.....
Queen.........
Rainier
Empire.......
Corona
Mandalay....
Eureka
Arcata
Sonoma......
TJmatilla
San Pedro....
Fulton..^
Jnne 17.
Sluslaw River
Seattle & Falrh'n.
Humboldt
Astoria & Portland
June 18.
Valparaiso & Way
San Pedro
Panama & Way..
Jane 19.
Seattle direct
Seattle & N. 1 What
Coos Bay ...........
San Diego
Jnne 20.
Coqullle River
Humboldt
Coos Bay .
Sydney & Way Pts
Puget . Sound Ports
Humboldt'
Grays Harbor ....
Jnne 21.
Seattle & Tacoma.
Jnne 22. .
China &' Japan....
Newport
Point Arena ......
Astoria & Portland
Humboldt ..;......".
11 am
5 pm
5 pm
11 am
13 m
9 am
12 m
11 am
5 pm
12 m
9 am
10 am
9 am
12 m
10 am
11 am
10 am
5 pm
Pier 13
Pier 16
Pier a
Pier 24
Pier 10
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 16
Czarina......
5 pm
Pier 8
H'kong Mara
Coos Bay.....
Point Arena..
Columbia
Santa Barbar
1 pm
9 am
2 pm
11 am
10 am
PMS3
Pier 11
Pier 3
Pier 24
Pier 2
Stearnar. Destination. Sails.
Dolphin...".....' Skaguay & Way Ports. June 17
Alki.. .......... Skaguay & Way Ports. June 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June IS
City of Topekr. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 19
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. June 22
Farallon.. ...... Skaguay.fe Way Ports. June 22
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. June 24
Excelsior....... Valdez & Way Ports.! June 26
Dirlgo..... Skaguay & Way Ports.] June 23
Steamer.
Destination.
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Mandalay Coquille River
Hawaiian...... Honolulu
Arcata Cooa Bay
Del Norte Crescent City
San Pedro Humboldt
Eureka ..... Humboldt
Washtenaw Seattle
Empire Coos Bay
Santa Barbara. Humboldt
Han Juan....... Panama & Way Ports.
Czarina Seattle' and Tacoma....|
Pomona Humboldt
Columbia....... Portland and Astoria..
North Fork..... Humboldt
Point Arena Point Arena
W. H. Kruger Tlllamook Bay
Noyo Humboldt
Coos Bay Newport
Santa Rosa — San Diego
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports.....
Acme Sluslaw River
China China and Japan
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Pts
Argyll. N. Y. via Panama
June 17
June 17
June 17
June 17
June 17
June 13
June IS
June 18
June 18
June 19
June 19
June 19
June 19
June 20
June 20
June 20
June 20
June 20
June 20
June 21
June 21
June 22
June 22
June 23
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L. W 1H W Z, W H W
17 ... 6:58— 1.3 1:09 4.9 6:37 "s7o 11:45 6.4
18... 6:43—1.1 1:54 5.0 6:30 3.1
H "W L, \V H W L. "W
19 ... 0:39 6.0 7:39—0.8 2:40 5.2 7:3S 2.9
20... 1:34 5.6 8:12—0.3 3:25 5.3 8:38 2.8
21 ... 2:34 5.0 8:56 0.2 4:06 5.4 9:50 2.6
22 ... .3:34 4.5 9:40 0.7 4:50 5.5 11:00 2.2
23 .. 4:46 4.0 10:29 1.2 5:34 5.5
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Mandalay Coquille River
Hawaiian...... Honolulu
Arcata Cooa Bay
Del Norte Crescent City
San Pedro Humboldt
Eureka ..... Humboldt
Washtenaw Seattle
Empire Coos Bay
Santa Barbara. Humboldt
Han Juan....... Panama & Way Ports.
Czarina Seattle' and Tacoma....|
Pomona Humboldt
Columbia....... Portland and Astoria..
North Fork..... Humboldt
Point Arena Point Arena
W. H. Kruger Tlllamook Bay
Noyo Humboldt
Coos Bay Newport
Santa Rosa — San Diego
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports.....
Acme Sluslaw River
China China and Japan
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Pts
Argyll. N. Y. via Panama
June 17
June 17
June 17
June 17
June 17
June 13
June IS
June 18
June 18
June 19
June 19
June 19
June 19
June 20
June 20
June 20
June 20
June 20
June 20
June 21
June 21
June 22
June 22
June 23
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Acme..
Despatch
Noyo...... —
G. W. Elder..
Colombia
Bonlta
Acapulco.....
Queen.........
Rainier
Empire.......
Corona
Mandalay....
Eureka
Arcata
Sonoma......
TJmatilla
San Pedro....
Fulton..^
Jnne 17.
Sluslaw River
Seattle & Falrh'n.
Humboldt
Astoria & Portland
June 18.
Valparaiso & Way
San Pedro
Panama & Way..
Jane 19.
Seattle direct
Seattle & N. 1 What
Coos Bay ...........
San Diego
Jnne 20.
Coqullle River
Humboldt
Coos Bay .
Sydney & Way Pts
Puget . Sound Ports
Humboldt'
Grays Harbor ....
Jnne 21.
Seattle & Tacoma.
Jnne 22. .
China &' Japan....
Newport
Point Arena ......
Astoria & Portland
Humboldt ..;......".
11 am
5 pm
5 pm
11 am
13 m
9 am
12 m
11 am
5 pm
12 m
9 am
10 am
9 am
12 m
10 am
11 am
10 am
5 pm
Pier 13
Pier 16
Pier a
Pier 24
Pier 10
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 16
Czarina......
5 pm
Pier 8
H'kong Mara
Coos Bay.....
Point Arena..
Columbia
Santa Barbar
1 pm
9 am
2 pm
11 am
10 am
PMS3
Pier 11
Pier 3
Pier 24
Pier 2
Stearnar. Destination. Sails.
Dolphin...".....' Skaguay & Way Ports. June 17
Alki.. .......... Skaguay & Way Ports. June 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June IS
City of Topekr. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 19
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. June 22
Farallon.. ...... Skaguay.fe Way Ports. June 22
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. June 24
Excelsior....... Valdez & Way Ports.! June 26
Dirlgo..... Skaguay & Way Ports.] June 23
Steamer.
Destination.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AD V i^K,X.Lfc. t; n/TKNTSw
AUCTION SALE
REFEREE'S SALE.
\:_ By Order of Court.
All Choice Property
MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1901,
At 12 noon, at salesroom of
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
No. 14 Montgomery Street
Jessie and Second Streets.
Elegant business property: north lln<» of
J«s«>ie 6t.. 57:6 west of Second et., thence west
40 f*«t by 63 feet; now leased to the Sharon
estate (used by Fire Patrol Service); presant
Kround rent $75; lease will expire May 1, 1903,
•wfcen building can be pur»:h*Ee<l at two-thirds
of it* appraised valuation.
"Washington and Draimn Streets.
Washington et., north line, between Drumm
and East Bte., 95 feet east of Drumm; 60 feet
by 60 feet: cround rent $3T> per month; no
l«ase; an elegant income if p-oper.y impro\-ed.
Dupont and Sacramento Streets.
¦Best Income property in :he citv; 713 Dupont
•t. between Bacramento and Clay sts.: lot 22 :9
xllO to TVaverly place; three-story and base-
ment brick, new. modern building; rents $190
per montb.
Comer Fifteenth and Julian Avenue.
Fine builfiins location: S. E. cor. Fifteenth
«t. snd Julian ave.; 84 feet on Fifteenth at. by
US feet on Julian ave.: ready for building; will
fsell a« a whole or in Ove subdivisions.
» For further particular* apply to referees,
J. T. EAEMES, 626 Market St.
G.'H. UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery St.
P. J. SULLIVAN, Parrott Building.
l^^»^»» -^ -^
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
\ Cm T he Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
k . J- World. Weaknesset or any contracted Q
V ffr~ j^n diseaic pomltl»«-ly«-«r»»dliythr oldest T
Q if JC S^TI bpeciilist on the Coast. Est. 36 yeiri. C
0 fl*2P I BR. JORDAN-DiSEASES CF MEN /}
1 f<CsT&9 Consultation free and ttrirtly privaf. \
6 I \)t*gn Trra-.ment personally or by Icttrr. A Q
- E / MK Po*it>vt Curt in every cate undertaken, T
Am II li B w nte for Book. rmu.osurn V »r A
Y 'U II* BaBHUCE, MAIUU FREE. ( A Y
\ Jl jl valuable book for urn) A
9 Oil. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. Y
11 » tut ifiim^ 11 llli 1 »¦ ¦ 1(1 a m in "i
Don't <
forget J
Hires I
Rootbeer f
lias quenched j
your thirst for S
many a year* 3
A. 23c. package makes five gallons. fff
CHARLES E. HIRES CO.. Malvern, Pa. A
DYSPEPSIA
When Prof. Munyon says his Dyspepsia Cure
will cure indigestion and all forms of stomach
trouble he simply tells the truth. It will cure a
stomach that has been abused by over-eating and
over-drinking. It will cure a stomach that has
been weakened by old-style drugs. It will do much
toward making an old stomach act like a sound one.
At all druggists, ascents. Fifty-six other cures.
Munyon, New York and Philadelphia.
MUNTON'S INH1LEB CUBES CATASBR.
DH.MEYEHS&CO. 4 g§l|tb &
Specialists. Disease )£g§£3f
and weakness of Jgggjf T?
men. Established ipaP -^— _. \jm.
1881. Con sultation VV| 41*1? «?f
and private book "^ \ I
free, at office or by *C3gc ¦^^Ll
mail. Cures gruar- i^'C^'^i^sSU
anteed. 731 Mar- j^S&gjSgp"??!^
ket street (eleva- >t\/~ %< f§SrY'''jp
tor entrance), San JkL^J
AMUSEMENTS.
Avh bat r e^a>
,TO=NIGHTJK™ f
ONLY MATINEE, SATURDAY.
Florence Roberts
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
FIRST TIME HERE.
JULIA MARLOWE'S Latest Triumph.
COUNTESS VALESKA.
ORCHESTRA, FIRST SIX ROWS. 75c.
Next— "THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAU"
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
THE TOBHre, DIRECT FROM THE
OEPHEXTM; BABY METZLEB,
SENORITA LAURA! LOPEZ,
MARTINETTI ANI> SUTHER-
LAND, LA LISTA, CLINTON
MONTGOMERY, NEW MOVING
PICTURES.^
Thursday Night, the Amateurs
: Telephone for Seats — Park 23. -¦,
PATRIOTIC EXCURSION.
LOS GATOS.
BUNKER HILL ASSOCIATION. PIONEERS
and SONS OF REVOLUTION.
MONDAY, JUNE 17.
Train leaves Third and Townsend streets
9:15 a. in., stopping at Valencia st.
Round Trip, Jl; Children, 50c. For sale at
depot morning of excursion.
TELEPHONE orffd 2&W F&il
¦¦•¦¦>* mv»?- vS yam •
222-224 S UTTER ST.
Country Orders Given Prompt
Attention.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
Swiss Cheese, STgj 30c . Ib 25c
Cera, "^T^T-"' i 3 tins 25c
Extra fine Eastern.
Rice, Z^- 5 lbs 45c, 10 lbs 85c
Carolina. Highest quality.
Whisk Brooms, 12^ h9 3 s oc n2 20c
This is an extra bargain.
Coffee, i^&r 2 Its 55c
. A high-grade blend. Roasted and
ground fresh dally.
MflrVprol Either soused or JR.
flllt&CrCl, in mustard Muce. lOt
Sweet lines, 3 bots $1.00
Angelica. Port. Sherry. Muscatel. Ma-
laga, Tokay. Catawba and Madeira.
All excellent high-grade wines. 5 years
Soap^:ifif- 2-!bbar20c
Fine cocoanut oil soap.
Ripe OliYes, * 3 zt qt 25c
Vinegar, Sjaf* gal 35c
Vinegar, &f 55c . gal 25c
Igate CoYered Coofc Pot, £• 70c
4 quarts. Best quality agate.
CIGARS— A Fresh Arrival.
AMUSEMENTS.
BEST BILUN YEARS.
ODELL. WILLIAMS AND CO.. Second 'Weele
of EZRA KENDALL. COLE AND DELOSSE.
ED LATELL, LESTER REEVES. GARDNER
AND MADDERN, DOHERTY SISTERS. THE
BIOGRAPH.
The 'Wondertul East India Pygmies,
Fatma and Smaun.
1 Reserved seats 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chain
! and box seats. 50c.
I Matinees "Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
OREGON N16HT TOMORROW, TUESDAY,
Fatina and Smaun. the Pygmies, will hold
a reception to children after Wednesday Mati-
nee and after all matineea during their engage-
ment.
FAREWELL WEEK.
Last 6 Nights— Matinees Wed. and Sat.
HENRY MILLER
SEASON
To-night and Tuesday Night and Wednesday
DARCY OF THE GUARDS.
Wednesday Night
"The Importance of Being: Earnest"
Remainder of Week
'. .Last Times Here of "Heartsease"
Limited Engagement Beginning June 24.
Original Production jj jlj ULlf 2. lL AuU
By Arrangement With DAVID BELASCO.
Paul M. Potter's Drama on Ouida's Famous
Novel.
The Entire N. T. Scenery and Co.— 120 Peop!«.
Including BL» NCHB B ! TES as "Clftaret. e"
SEAT SALE BEGINS THCRSDAT.
* ¦ J VO LI*
LAST WEEK— "BE SURE AND SEE IT."
EVENINGS AT S.
BRING THE CHILDREN.
LAST TOY SOUVENIR MATINEE on
SATURDAY, June 22d, at 2.
THE
TOY MAKER!
JUNE 24th— "BABES IN THE WOODS."
POPULAR PRICES 23c and 509
Telephone — Bush 9.
GRAND' OPERA. HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Commencing THIS (Monday) EVENING,
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE, ia Sardou'9
Strongest Play.
"GISMONDA."
First Time on Any Stage at Popular Prices.
A SOUVENIR PHOTOGRAPH of MISS
FLORENCE STONE Will Be Pre-
sented to Every One Attending
the Saturday Matinee.
Popular Prices — 10c, 13c, 25c, 30c, 73c.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
Beginning TO-NIGHT— All this week.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
Nellie McHenry's Great Farce Comedy Hit,
A NIGHT AT
THE CIRCUS
Nothing but fun from beginning to end.
Introducing up-to-date Specialties.
YOU'LL SHOUT, SCREAM AND ROAR.
A DOLLAR SHOW AT POPULAR PRICES.
UDiriiV Evenings 10c, 15c, 25c, 33c. Wo
tKlLr.J Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week— Revival of UNCLE TOM'S CABIN.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riDUnun O Admission 10c-
CHARITY MARTIN. S!g. Abramoff, Paras-
kova Sandoline, Erma Wing, the Jugglin?
Gillens, Ed B. Adams, the Samayoafl. Alice
Barnum and Stanley and Walton.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p, m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c:- CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing. Including admission. 25c: children. 20c.
Upalace hotel**
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
tbelr headquarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
••GRAND HOTELSSOME OF THE. FUNNY THINGS THAT CAME TO PASS AT CAMP RUSS
AS ONE OF THE CALL'S CARTOONISTS WANDERED INTO THE
HOSPITABLE SUMMER RETREAT.
LONDON, June 16.— The Shamrock IT
arrived at the Clyde this evening and
docked at Greenock. Her mast will bo
stepped and her spars fitted to-morrow.
It has been arranged that the challenger
shall sail In two races on the Clyde, or a
June 27 and the other July 6. Afetrward
the yacht's headquarters will be at Lan
last for a fortnight's daily racing against
the Shamrock I.
Shamrock IX Bocks at Greenock.
A. H. PAPE BEATS THE
BEST TEBT-&HOT RECORD
Fine Marksmanship Displayed at
Shoot of the Columbia
Club.
The Columbia .Pistol and Rifle Club held
its regular shoot at Harbor View yester
day. A. H. Pape.beat the best 10-shot rec
ord (34), held by F. O. Young, by 7 points,
making the marvelous score of 27. The
score in detail was 4, 2, 2, 4, 4, 3, 2, 2, 2, 2 —
27. It will be seen that six of his shot3
were in the two-Inch ring and all of them
in 'the four-inch ring, which is a feat
never performed before. Not satisfied
with this score, he tried to better it and
succeeded in recording another as follows,
all being- in the live-inch ring, 5, 4, 5, 3, 4,
4, 5. 3, 1, 1—35.
Hardly had the cheers died away when
A. J. Brannagan was declared the winner
of the Cossrrove medal for a score of 10
shots in the five-inch ring. This he did
with a 3S-caliber revolver. The medal has
been up over a year for revolver or pistol
and Mr. Brannagan has won over the pis
tol. At the same time he beat the club
revolver record (37), which -was held by
F. O. Young, by 1 point with the follow
ing score in detail, 5, 2, 5, 3, 4, 5, 3, 4, 1, 4—
36. Mr. Brannagan immediately put up a
gold medal for a score in the four-inch
ring, oDen to pistol and revolver. Mr.
Brannagan's 36 tied Young's best pistol
score to-day. A. B. Dorrell ted with the
22-caliber rifle and Captain Fred Kuhnle,
the veteran shooter, made the fine score
of 49, being second to Pape, with the fine
rifle. Many visitors witnessed the shoot
ing.
Scores on Columbia target, off-hand
shooting:
Rifle. 200 yards— A. H. Pape, "27, 33, <5. 46 49.
56, 56, 5S; Captain Fred Kuhnle 49. 52, 63, 73,
77; F. O. Young. 55, 62; Ed Hovey, 58, 58 63,
70, 72; A. B. Dorrell, 60; G. Mannel, 63, 72; G.
M. Barley 63, 77. 83; C. Burrell, 73; H. Hinkel,
79; Alex Pape, 84, 111, 131; C. Bachman, 92. Ill,
137; Dr. J. F. Twist. 92, 98. 102. 102. 119; A.
Hohmann, 109, US; F. L. Pape. 115, 117; E. A.
Allen, 165.
Pistol, 50 yards— F. Q. Young, 36. 38. 43; G.
W. Hoadley, 52, J3. 5S, 63. 64. 63. 67; Mrs. G.
Mannel. 74, 89; E. A. Allen. 93. 96.
Revolver 50 yards — A. J. Brannagan 36, 40,
40, 43; P. A. Becker, 50. 55, 53: F. O. Youngr,
65, 70; G. Hoadley, 72; Dr. J. F. Twist. 55 82,
89 86: Dr. H. W. Hunsaker, 83. 84, 92.
Twenty-two caliber rifle 50 yards — A. B. Dor
rell, 19, 24: H. Hinkel, 29; F. E. Miller. 27. 23;
E. A. Allen. 37, 41; W. G. Haxe, 40. 41; H.
Stevens'37. 50, 54; Mrs. Heller, 84.
Rifle, 200 yards, three shots— G. Mannel 15.
Dolphins Enjoy the Sail.
The Dolphin • Swimming and Boating
Club went out for a trip yesterday on
the bay in the schooner Peter Peterson.
Starting between 9 "and 10 o'clock In the
morning from the boathouse at the foot
of Van Ness avenue, the members
cruised around, reaching Strawberry
Point, Richardsons Bay, shortly after
noon. There a clambake and refresh
ments were enjoyed, followed by songs
from the talent. About 6 in the evening
a start was made for home, but there
being no wind in Richardsons Bay, the
schooner was towed by a launch. Th«
day's, entertainment was in charge of a
oor-imittee consisting- of Fred Selbel. J.
S. Earls, T. J. Kennedy. Captain "W. O
Patch and C. M. Farrell.
Minor Baseball Games.
SANTA CRUZ, June 16.— Th© baseball
game to-day between San Jose and Santa
Cruz resulted in a victory for the home
team. Score. 16 to 6. .
HOLLISTER, June 16.— Koeniga, 10-
Hollister, 9. Batterie3— Perrlne, Belmai
and Morrison: Mills and Griffin.
HEALDSBURG, June 16.— The Healds
burg ball team defeated the Bushnells to
day in an exciting game. Score, 6 to 5.
At an informal meeting held yesterday
at the San Francisco. Yacht Club house
It was decided that as the Vallejo Yacht
Club has already challenged the Corin
thians' for the Perpetual Cup. nothing
further will be done at present with re
gard to the construction of the yacht
designed by / Crowninshield of Boston.
The craft will, however, be built during
the winter ready to challenge in ffood
season next year. The yacht with which
the Vallejo *acht Club challenges is
about thirty-five feet over all. with a
length on the water line of twenty-five
feet, and a centerboard with a double
drop, having a draught of nine or ten feet.
This construction will enable her to car
ry an immense area of sail, her center of
stability being very low down. The Cor
inthians, it is understood, have accepted
the challenge, and will probably defend
?he trophy with Frank Stone's Prestn.
which beat the sloops Aeolus and Truant
in the race for the llfth Macdonough cup
last year, and also in the annual regat
ta of the Conrinthlan Yacht Club on
Decoration day of this year. The new
challenger has been built by Matthew-
Turner of Benicla for Charles Chapman.
coinrncc:or"e of the Vallejo Yacht Club.
A race this year for the Perpetual Tro-
Ehy is thus assured, and next year the
an Franciscos will stand ready to chal
lenge 'the winners.
The sloop's Thelma and Occident of the
California Yacht Club started yesterday
evening on an up-river cruise. The wind
-vas very light at. starting, it being 7
o'clock before the yachts got away from
the narrow gauge mole.
Though off Sausallto yesterday morn
ing- there was a flat calm, a splendid
breeze was blowing; in the channel. The
schooners Lurline and Chispa, the yawl
Phyllis and the sloops Cygnus, .Mischief,
Juanita and Catherine got under way
about 11 o'clock and cruised either in the
upper bay or the channel. The sloop
Cygnus, with a large party on board, in
cluding some well known singers, sailed
around the battleships Oregon, Iowa and
Wisconsin, those aboard singing patriotic
airs, which were enthusiastically received
by the officers and sailors. Commodore
W. N. McCarthy was on board his flag
ship, but she did not hoist sail.
Yachts Cruise Round Oregon
and Delight Tars With
National Airs.
Commodore Chapman
After Trophy Held by
Corinthians.
PERPETUAL CUP
CHALLENGE RACE
faisquoc, too, was an early victim and
to go out to Wedgewood. a dog that naa
never done better than to take seconi
money In the many courses in which riis
<iiioc was his opponer.t, was not what the
v/ice expected. Two and a half to on*j
was the price on Healey's money getter,
but the good thing did not come.
For Freedom showed some speed
against Flying Fox, but was not in I*,
in cleverness with him, and lost by a
score of 3 to 7. The old timer has not
finished his days on the field, for it is tbo
intention of his owner to start him in
open stakes, virtually at the bottonc. of
the ladder, and try him, out until he gets
back to some form, or proves himself out
of the game.
In the Class Stakes, Lady Clare, the
choice for final honors, was beaten point
less by Tyrone Prince, a short ender. at
2 to 5. The Grafter ran«a great dog; in
this event and is highly deserving for
his exhibition of stamina. It took four
courses in which to decide between him
and America, the Grafter finally winning
by a clean score. In the next round
against Kocker and with 4 to 1 against
his chances the son of Royal Crest won
quite handily, and following up got the
nag from McKinley without allowing him
a point. McKinley was a 5 to 3 favorite.
Olita, after beating Modest Lad and
Tyrone Prince, outpointed Rosie Clair, a
5 to 3 favorite, and War Eagle, who waa
backed at 1 to 4. She beat John Doa
pointless in the final.
The runner up did good work throusrh
cut, which speaks well for Jones, his
new trainer. The best of the short e:ads
were:
Royal Archer beat Best Bargain at 5 to t.
Rocker beat Narcissus, Shadow beat BJay
flower at 4 to 1 and Master Rocket at 3 to 1.
Sweet Emma beat Ben Lomond, Rosie Clair
beat King Cotton and Harlean Gladys tieat
Palo Alto at 3 to 1.
The scores follow:
Class stake, second round— P. M. Cuitls*
Shadow beat Pasha Kennels' Master Rocket,
3-0: Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete beat Rus
sell & Allen's First Foot, 4-1; P. M. Cuitls*
McKinley beat P. Steinhoff's Veto. 4-3; P. M.
Curtis' War Eagle beat J. Hurley's Gramercy.
6-0; A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad beat P. M.
Curtis' Vagrrant, 12-0; E. M. Kellgsg's Sweet
Emma befit L. M. Parkinson's Ben Lome ml,
4-2; Star Kennels' Mayflower beat J. Smrh'i
Master Workman, 10-0; F. A. McComb's :3ot
Haste beat A. Yanderwhlte'a Flora McDon
ald, 5-0; Russell & Allen's Daisy Clair teat
P. J. Reilly's Royal Union. 3-2; E. U. White
side's Greenback beat James Connell's I*os
Boy, 3-2; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat J.
Dempsey's Jingle Bells, 7-4; Pasha Kennsls'
Royal Archer beat L. F. Bartels' Best Bar
gain, 12-1; Sterl & Knowles' For Glory beat
Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon. 3-0; Thotiaa
Maher*s Bad Boy beat L. M. Connell's Wlilto
Hat. 10-4; Russell & Allen's Spiteful beat A.
R. Curtis' Vulcan. 4-1; J. R. McCarthy's John
Doe beat O. Zahl's Miss Wilson, 5-4; P. M.
Curtis' Narcissus beat J. Canes' Greenhall.
5-4; Pasha Kennels' Rocker beat P. M. Cur:is'
Anchor, 6-3; -E. Geary's America beat D.
Toland's Pleasant Girl, 8-2: J. Markland's The
Grafter beat Russell & Allen's Strayaway, f-5;
Russell & Allen's Rosie Clair beat L. M. Con
nell's St. .Helen. 14-10; A. R, Curtis* Kins Cot
ton beat Russell & Allen's Castaway, 4-0;
Sterl & Knowles' Ollta beat E. M. Kellog?'s
Modest Lad, 3-0; J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prlnc*
beat D. J/ Healey's Lady Clare, 3-0.
Third round— Shadow beat Roman Athlete,
2-0; McKinley beat Loyal Lad, 6-2; War Eaarla
beat Sweet Emma, 11-5: Mayflower beat Hot
Haste. 5-0: Greenback beat Daisy Clair. f-2:
For Glory beat Rural Artist. 8-«: Bad Itoy
beat Royal Archer, 3-0; John Doe beat Spiteful.
4-0; Rocker beat Narcissus. 6-3; The Grafter
beat America. 4-0; Rosie Clair beat King Cot
ton. 8-5; Olita beat Tyrone Prince, 2-1.
Fourth round— Shadow beat Mayflower. 2-0«
McKinley beat Greenback. 7-1; War Ea;l9
beat For Glory. 5-2; John Doe beat Bad Boy.
6-0: The Grafter beat Rocker, 10-4; Olita beat
Rosie Clair, 4-3.
Fifth round— John Doe beat Shadow. 3-1; The
Grafter beat McKinley, 4-0; Ollta beat War
Eacle. 7-1.
Sixth round— John Doe beat The Grafter. 7-5;
Ollta a bye.
Deciding course— Olita beat John Doe. 5-0.
Champion stake, first round— E. Geary's Palo
Alto beat R. K. Malcolm's Fine Fire. 6-2: T.
J. Cronln's Vandal beat J. H. Rosseter's Real
Article. 5-4: E. Geary's (Ireland beat T. J. Mc-
Inerney's Norah. 4-2; C. C. Griswold (natn<>s)
Harlean Gladys beat Chiarinl Bros.' Santonin.
5-0; O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat F. A. Mc-
Comb's Little Sister. 6-3; F. Jones' Wedgewood
beat D. J. Healey's Slsquoc. 6-2; A. R. Cur
tis' Flying Fox beat J. H. Rosseter's For
Freedom. 7-3; K. A. McComb's Sir Pasha beat
W. C. Glasson's Dewdrop, 3-0.
Second round— Palo Alto beat Vandal, 13-4:
Harlean Gladys beat Ireland. 4-1: Wedgewond
beat Homer Boy, 7-3; Flying Fox beat Sir
Pasha, 11-8.
Third round— Harlean Gladys beat Palo Al-o,
3-0; Wedgewood beat Flying Fox. 4-0.
Deciding course— Wedgewood beat Harlem
Gladys, 4-2.
In the Ladies' Day champion event
Frank Jones' Wedgewood beat Harlean
Gladys, his litter sister, for first honors,
and Ollta, Sterl & Knowles' clever .lttlo
performer, won the deciding course of
the class stake from John Doe.
Two dozen errors of judgment were re
corded asalnst the ones who call win
ners In advance and as a consequence
the holders of steerage tickets assumed
an air of importance through both
stakes.
Despite the many short ends the decis
ions were justly earned, the occasional
flukey course failing to materialize.
Palo Alto was not at his best. In hia
course with Homer Boy a week ago the
champion was given a severe trial that
lasted the limit and killed bis chances
for that stake. His comparatively poor
showing yesterday was attributed to that
go, though before losing to Harlean
Uladys he had a much harder course
with Vandal than was thought good for
him.
The two stakes which were offered to
Union Park patrons yesterday resulted
in all around good coursing. '
Class Event Is Won by Olita
With John Dee as the
Runner Up.
Takes First Honors From
Harlean Gladys in
the Finals.
WEDGEWOOD WINS
CHAMPION STAKE
SUNDAY CRUISE OF THE, YACHTS AND OTHER SPORTING EVENTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1901.
A baby puts his leeth before he Is on
speakine terms with them. " v
PENNSYLVANIA" SYSTEM of Rail
ways. Office— 30 Montgomery street. •
We buy trunks,, valises and dress-suit
cases by the carload. Also receive large
shipments of pocketbooksi belts, bill
books, card cases, etc. On all fine leather
goods, kodaks and cameras included, your
full name lettered in pold free of charge
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Trunks by the Carload.
CHICAGO, June 16. — Darkness ended to-day* a
game with the score a tie, • af £er fourteen in
nings of all kinds of play. Three errors, a
gift, two steals and a hit started the locals
off with three runs In the second. Two singles
with a theft and an out gave them the other.
Van Haltren, spoiled their other only chance
by cutting Menefee oft at the plate by a great
throw. The visitors scored their Bret two on
a pass, a double and a single, and scored two
in the eighth by a bunching of four hits. At
tendance. 86C0. Score:
Clubs— R. H. B.
Chicago 4 .! 10 4
Kew York 4 11 4
Batteries— Hughes and Kahoe; Phyle and
Warner. Umpire — Cunningham.
ST. LOUIS. June 16.— BurketC Heldrlck and
Padden won the game from Brooklyn to-day
with their terrific batting. Each made four
clean drives in five times at bat and slugged
Kltson out of the grame. ¦ Attendance, 16,000.
Score :
Clubs— • . R. H. -E
St. Louis 11 17 3
Brooklyn 5 12 2
Batteries — Harper and Nichols: Donovan,
Kltson and FarrelL Umpire — Emslie. - ..
CINCINNATI, June 16.— CDay was respon
sible for the defeat of the locals to-day. In
the ninth inning Bransfleld was clearly struck
out, but O'Day would not allow the deciding
etrike.* and Bransfleld then doubled to left.
Wagner followed with a longr drive to left on
which two men scored after it had been caught
Both Tannehill and Hahn pitched great ball
The fielding of both teams was brilliant. At
tendance. 6500. Sccre: • .
ClubB— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 0 4 _i
Pittsburg 2 8 0
Batteries— Hahn and Peitz; Tannehill and
Zlmmer. Umpire— O'Day.
BALI* ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Game at Chicago.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
Darkness Ends a Fourteen-Inning
Callahan is a modest lad. He has met
the Terrible Terry on three occasions and
gave the champion his hardest contest.
Once he won from McGovern on a foul
in eleven rounds and another time he
went twenty-five rounds. Their third
meeting resulted in favor of Terry. Cal
lahan says he does not underrate Hegarty
and will train faithfully and hopes to win.
The long journey overland had no ill
effect on the men and they are ready to
begin training for their bouts to-day.
Carter and Callahan will train at the Six-
Mile House. Both claim that the eleven
days remaining will be sufficient to put
them in the best of trim. Carter says he
is young and does not believe in using
up vitality in the training quarters. He
has been in the ring five years and dur
ing that period has met and defeated
some of the best men before the public.
He is broad shouldered and deep chested.
Carter is said to be the most symmetrical
man in the arena to-day.
"Kid" Carter of Brooklyn, who is
matched to box Jack Root, and Tim Cal
lahan of Philadelphia, who is scheduled
to do battle with Tim Hegarty before the
Twentieth Century Club on the evening
of June 28, arrived in this city yesterday.
Both men were accompanied by their
managers, Charles Bangs and Billy
Roche.
Go Immediately Into
Training.
Well-Known Boxers Arrive and Will
CAIXAHAN AND CARTER
ON SCENE OF BATTLE
Evidence at the trial of the case in the
criminal branch of the Supreme Court In
the spring of 1S99 - showed that - the wo
man's skull had been crushed with a piece
of lead pipe and traces of this pipe were,
it was alleged by the police, discovered
on Dr. Kennedy's clothing. Dr. Kennedy
was ' convicted and ¦ sentenced to-be * ex
ecuted at Sins Sing. The Court of Ap
peals on November 20, 1900, handed down
a decision granting a new trial. | Dr. Ken
nedy was next prosecuted before Justice
Fursman during the latter part of last
year, the second trial resulting: in a dis
agreement. District Attorney Philbin
transferred, the case to the General Ses
sions and assigned Assistant District At
torney Osborne to prosecute it
Thus the Jury stood until the sixth bal
lot was reached, when the result was:
For acquittal, 8; for conviction, 4, and
four more ballots resulted in the same
way, ten In all being taken.
Emeline C. Reynolds, better known as
Dolly Reynolds, was found dead with her
head crushed in a room at ! the Grand
Hotel August 16, 1898, where she had gone
with a man answering Dr. Kennedy's de
scription. The dead. woman's corset was
found to contain a check for $13,000 signed
"Dudley Gideon" and . indorsed by "Sam
uel J. Kennedy." The theory of the po
lice regarding this was that it was in pay
ment "of alleged winnings at the races.
The first formal ballot resulted: For
acquittal, 6; for conviction, 6. The next
ballot stood: For acquittal, 7; for convic
tion, 5.
On the first ballot taken the six who
were willing to vote in advance of a dis
cussion of the case stood: For acquittal,
2; for conviction of murder in the first de
gree, 3; for second degree, 1. The other
six put In blank ballots.
Mr. Moore will ask District Attorney
Philbin to move the quashing of the in
dictment and if the latter does not take
this step to free Dr. Kennedy Mr. Moore
himself will make that motion, arguing
that the State has shown twice its inabil
ity to convict his client of the crime
charged and that the old idea of two
disagreements being equivalent to an ac
quittal ought to prevail in this case.
Immediately after the adjournment of
the court the attorneys for the defense
saw Judge Newburger in regard to their
next step in behalf of Dr. Kennedy. Tha
Judge Bald that they should see District
Attorney Philbin as to whether he would
agree udoii the course he pursued. He
said that he (the Judge) would be out
of town to-morrow, but that they 6ould
appear . before him Tuesday to make
whatever motion they desired.
NEW YORK, June 16.— The twelve men
who. since 12:15 o'clock yesterday after
noon, at the conclusion of the Judge's
charge, considered the evidence in the
third trial of Dr. Samuel J. Kennedy for
the murder of Dolly Reynolds, reported
to Judge Newburger at 10:25 o'clock this
morning that they were unable to agree
on a verdict. The Judge at once dis
charged the jury from further service and
remanded the prisoner to the Tombs.
No Verdict Reached in
Kennedy Murder
Trial.
EIGHT JURYMEN
FOR ACQUITTAL
The campers are having an elegant
time, if all the stories be true. The
Russes — Han, Gus, Al and Ed — have treed
some big game, and, rumor has it, have
been treed themselves. »
W. Brewer, H. J. Brewer and O. Silver
are with the Russ boys. : ,
that neighborhood. Tales" of record
breaking angling trips, fearless dashes
after "bears," hard chases after long
eared, elusive cotton-tails,'' and skirm
ishes with all sorts of wild animals from
a polecat to a crippled cow are being told
by mail by the Olympians occupying the
camp at "Satan's Leg."
Ed Dcnohoe indulged in much practice at
the live-bird traps. Both accomplished
some very fine shooting, especially Dono
hoe, who shot two dozen birds from the
thirty-five-yard mark with scarcely a sin
gle loss.
Following are the results;
' Twenty-five birds— King 18. Shields 21, Gol
cher 18, O. Feudner 24, Slade 24. F. Feudner
22. W. H. Neustadter 20. back score 19 ; G. H.
Andres 18, E. L. Forster 24. H. L. Miller 21,
Dr A. T. Derby 22, H. L. Miller, back scores
21 and 21; W. Sears. 22. .
Event No. 1, fifteen-bird race— O. Feudner lo,
Golcher H Forster 15, Derby 15, Debenham 13,
Robertson 14. Shields 12. F. Feudner 12. Cooper
12, Sears 11, George 12, Neustadter 11, King
14, Murdock 13.
Event No. 2, fifteen-bird race— M. O. Feud
ner 1, withdrawn; Golcher 13, Forster 14,
Derby 4. withdrawn; Debenham 15, Robertson
12, Shields 14, F. Feudner 11, Cooper 10, Sears
13, George 11, Neustadter 15, King 14.
Event No. 3, fifteen birds to each man— O.
Feudner 15. Golcher 32, Forster 14, Derby 11,
Debenham 13. Robertson 15. Shields 11, F.
Fuedner 14, Cooper 9, Sears 14, George 9, .Neu
stadter 13. King 15."
Practice shoot for gold and sliver bars— O.
Feudner 15, Shiekls 7. King 15, George 16.
Golcher 23. Neustadter 21 and 13, O. Feudner
22, George 11, F. Feudner 24, Cooper 14, O.
Feudner 15,, F. Feudner 15. King 22, Derby 21.
Shields 19, George 9, O. Feudner 25, King 20,
D.erby 19, Shields 21, F. Feudner 15, George 9.
i ¦ ?
SCORES AT SCHTJETZEKT PARK.
Marksmen Make Good Records at the
Eanges Across the Bay. '
SAN RAFAEL, June 16.— The range at
Schuetzen Park was the scene of good
shooting by the members of the different
clubs to-day. The California Schuetzen
Club had the largest attendance of the
season. The scores of this organization
were as follows: . /
Bullseye shoot— Charles Sagehom 3500, R.
Langer 2927, G. Aherns 1000, C. Gut 2200 G.
Tammeyer 1077, A. Utschig 620, J. Straub 951.
A. Gehret 1284, , H. Schroeder 2023, M. Blasse
2329, W. Blasse 1199, John Horstmann 667 A.
Lans 1150. F. Riede 1971, J. Kuhlmann 15S«.
J. C. Waller 1130, L. C," Babin 2785, O. Ortland
930, A. Rahwyler 1287, H. " Kckmann 1843, A.
von Wyl 543, D. W. McLaughlin 350, F. P.
Schuster 849. C. it Henderson 973, W. Hatje
1741, A. Jungblut 490. K. Woenno 1333, A.
Bertleeen 1056, F. Brandt 1423, H. R. , Brown
2821, C. Newman 1646, R. Meyerhofter (cadet)
649. G. Rltschmuller 2559, F. C. Hagerup 13.6,
W. Glindemann 720, F. Suter 1783, R, Stettin
1250, F. D'. Smith 1745. W, Woenne (cadet)
1789, "W. Ehrenpfort 2222, F. A. Shrumpf 446,
A. Ehrenpfort 1369.VJ. King 1935. C. "VMeBe
man 2685, A. Hampel 2333, L Meyerhoffer 1373,
L. Ruebold 1C58,:O. Bremer 1015, C. Thlerbach
408, W. Nqlden 2064, H. Becker, (cadet) 3006,
E. Klein 1852, T.. J. Carroll 1424, D. B. Faktor
1183, F. Carroll' (cadet) 1670, G. Dahlbender
1306. A. Strlck«r 358. Philo Jacoby 3012. E.
Ladd 1325; A. Ebrenpf ort ; 2699. '
The San Francisco Grutli Shooting Club
held its annual election of officers, with
the following result: President, C. Gut;
vice president, ' T. Simmen; secretary, E.
Merkt; financial secretary. A. HInterman;
treasurer, J. Brugger; trustees, R. Hauser
and T: 'olmmen; shooting masters, R.
Hauser and E. Suter.
Medals for the past year were awarded
as follows: Championship medal, A.
Gehret, 1308; first-class medal, A. Hinter
mann. HS9- r second-class medal, L. Haus
er, 1139; third-class medal, J. Furrer, 1006;
best last shot medal, A: Studer. The
bullseye winners for the day were O. Im
dorf. A. von Wye, E. Suter, C. Gut, F.
Baumgarten. J. Furrer, G. Hauser, A.
Studer and J. Brugger. • >
The Vereln Eintracht shoot was won in
the following order: Bullseye shoot— C.
von Hartwig, R. Stettin, J. Zahn, A. G.
Etroh, H. Sch*vsiger, E. Rien;enschneider,
F. C." Hagerup, H. Schroeder and L.
Scheib. / , ¦ . ' ¦¦• . : : ' ;
camp. They enjoyed themselves,, im
mensely and felt amply repaid for their
ldng, wearisome trip.
Those who made the trip were -the fol
lowing named:
H. W. Gallett. R. F. MacLeod, H. Meagher,
F. J. Gough, J H. Splro, A. Castelazo. M.
Splro '"George Crool, F. J. Sherry, L. Starr,
W J Leonard, H. L. Atkinson, L. Bullion,
F. F. Kennedy, M. MtUward, A. J. McKerron,
Charles Carrau. N. C. Paddocks, A. V. Sherry,
E. F. Rous, F. J. Anthony, E. R. Abadie, L.
Gans George Bush, N. Boas, J. O'Neal, C.
Reagan, K. Fitzgerald, John Horrigan, C.
Ball C. ConWn, A. C. James. C. Millward.
D. Danziger, J. E. Barricklo, R. A. Stone, M.
SIXTY enthusiastic Olympic' Club
members indulged In a cross
country tramp yesterday. Over
hills and down dales they
tramped, arriving, at their desti
nation, Willow Camp, footsore and weary,
but hehrtily glad that they had made the
trip.
The distance traveled, was eighteen
miles, and it was made in the good time
of two hours and a half. ¦ At Camp Wil
low an excellent lunch was spread. The
remarkably fast time made by the pedes
trians in covering the distance was slow
when compared to the time it required for
the boys to demolish the array of . good
things spread under the trees for. the
satisfaction of the inner man.
Britt, Sherry, Starr and Stone were the
first of the "Weary Willies" to . reach
Camp Willow. Leonard, in an endeavor
to reach the goal before Britt, lost his
way, and wandered about the valley for
some time, searching for the path that led
to the cool, grassy glades of the camp.
The rest of the party made its way
slowly but surely, satisfied that the four
leaders would be unable to make aw.iy
with all the good things that had been
promised the members making the trip.
The walkers spent several hours at the
HONORS HIRED
AT THE BUTTS
Crack Marksmen Win
the Prizes in All
Contests.
Only a fair-sized assembly of marksmen
gathered at Shell Mound yesterday, the
small attendance being due to the absence
of the National Guard; but nearly every
organization of any prominence was rep
resented by some crack shot who is mak
ing an effort to get in thorougn trim for
the festival.
Cajptain Kuhls, president of the Na
tional Bund, was on hand to encourage
the experts who aspire to honors.,. Others
of those present who are looked upon as
coming champions and who have won val
uable prizes in other international con
tests were Captain J. Thode, Captain F.
Attinger, J. Utschig, Otto Lemcke, D. Sal
field and W. Garms.
The San Francisco Turners' Schuetzen
held its monthly medal shoot yesterday
for the first time, and will shoot there
regularly until after the festival, in order
to become thoroughly familiar with the
ranges. The Independent Rifles also shot
yesterday.
The scores were as follows:
San Francisco Turners' . Schuetzen monthly
bullseye shoot— Prizes were awarded in the fol
lowing order: Lieutenant F. ' Kommer, G.
Tammeyer, Captain F. Attlng-er, Lieutenant J.
Straub, Sergeant L. Brune, H. Enge, C. Niel
sen, O. Burmelster, J. Gassner, D. Schoenfeld,
A. Utschig, C. Kruse. C. Peach, F.- Messer
schmldt, F. Klatze, F. A: Schrumff, C. Sage
horn. , . •
Independent Rifles' monthly medal shoot —
Corporal P. Schonis 40, M. Barto 25, C. Korn
beck 39, Sergeant G. Mitchell 40, H. Gaetjen
86. Charles Schmidt 21, B. Hllken 35, H. Felix
26, Corporal J. Peck 16. Lieutenant E. Moen
ning 40, R. V. Bither 42, J. H. Kuhlke — , H.
Marzhoff 38, H. Gaetjen 3S, H. Kuhlke 40. Dr.
W. A. Meierdlerks 40.
OLYMPIC CLTJB MARKSMEN
WINNERS OF MANY BABS
Otto Feudner Carries Off Honors at
> Shoot at the Ingleside
Bulkhead.
Comparatively few trapshooters resorted
to the inanimate targets at Ingleside yes
terday to shoot for the gold and. silver
bars which were offered by the Olympic
Gun Club. But, notwithstanding the
small attendance, many excellent | scores
were made: In fact, the shooting yester
day equalled in many respects that done
during the recent tournament. As a re
sult about forty gold and silver medals
were awarded. ' : ¦¦ " • ; - . ¦ ' ";' , 1
The star feature of the occasion was the
remarkable number of straight scores
which were made by Otto Feudner. -, He
won seventeen silver, and four 'gold bars,
a record which has not been surpassed at
any traps on the coast during the season.
Others whose marksmanship , entitled
them to be honored by the club with bars
were F. Feudner -3, Slade 2,- Forster 2,
Derby 3, Debenham 3, Neustadter 1; Rob
ertson 1, King 4 and Shields 4. All of the
above-named received silver bars.-
During the afternoon Dr.' Connelly and
Earned runs — Los Angelss 7. Two-base hits
Bowman. Pabst. HJIdebrantf, Xordyke Sac
rifice hit— Erockholt. First base en errors— Log
Ar.j?ele« 4, San Francisco 1. First base on
callfid balls-Off Iburg 1, off Hartwell 4. Left
on bases— Los Angeles 7, San Francisco 5
Btruck out— By Ibun? 2. by Hartwell 1. Double
pla; — Reilly to Kelly to Hutohinson, Kelly to
Keltz to Hutchinson. Time of game— 1-4;
Umpire— Graves. Scorer— Cashman.
SUMMARY.
LOS ANGELES, June 16.— Los Angeles
treated Iburg to the same dose given
Evans yesterday, and took all Interest out
of the game by batting in five runs in the
first inning. The score: «
LOS ANGELES. t7-',\,
""• AB. R. RH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brcckhoft, r. t 4 110 2 0*0
Ifteitz. 2b 5 0 0 0 5 3 0
Householder, c. I.... 4 2 2 0 3 0 0
Ppies, c 5 12 0 2 0 0
HutcWncon, lb .,.. 4 2 3 0 11 0 0
C. Reilly. 2b 4 0 0 0 14 0
Kelly, s. 8 4 110 2 6 1
Powman. 1. t 4*1 2 • 1 01
K&rtwell, p 4 1 2 • 0^J 0
Tot* 1 " -••• 38 "» 13 "o 27 18 1
SAN FRANCISCO
Cn.ll. a f A f n « RH ' S 0 BI 3 O - A 1 - E o
KDSebrand. L f.... 3 0 10 2 0 0
Sehv.-artz. 2b *f. 4 0 0 0 2 7 3
Tahst, lb 3 1 2 0 12 0 1
Ilrug. 6. « 4 0 0 0 2 2 0
Norayke. r. t 4. 0 1 0 0 0 0
Graham, c 3 0 0 0 3 1 1
J. neiiiy, 3b 3 0 o 0 0 o' 0
Iburg. p 3 0 0 0 0 4 0
¦¦¦;—"¦— — — — — —
Totals 29 1 4 0 24 15 6
ri:ns and hits by innings.
Los Angeles 5 0 0 3 0 0 1 0-* S
nase hits 7 0 0 4 0 0 1] • 13
Ban Francisco 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 0 1*1 1 0 1 0 0 0—4
First Inning'.
LOS ANGELES A "WTNNEB.
Tive Runs Are Batted In During the
George S. Hodson, Oakland's new twirl
er. made his initial bow to the local fans
yesterday afternoon at Recreation Park.
His delivery was a puzzle to the Senators,
and they were only able to make four hits
during the game. Hodson had wonder
ful control and sent his select assortment
of shoots over the rubber in a manner
that bewildered the heavy stickers from
the Capital.
"TrucJc" Eagan shared in the ovation
given trie new. pitcher. Eagan played
wonderful ball. He neatly stopped many
poor throws to the initial bag and made
a one-handed catch that created enough
noise to be heard blocks away, and the
shouts swelled into an uoroar when he
threw to Francks and doubled Stricklett
at second.
"Youngey" Johnson played clown with
success. Throughout the game his antics
kept the big crowd in a joyous mood. He
proved himself a coacher par excellence.
The Oaklands were in great shape. Seven
runs and ten hits were evidences of their
prowess. The Dudes opened auspicously.
Drennan slammed out a two-bagger and
was scored on Streib's duplicate. The
following inning Moore walked, stole sec
ond and came home on Hod^on's hit to
right. They scored again in the third,
and in the sixth three more runs on four
swats made Stricklett feel very sore.
The Legislators gained their only tally
In the seventh on errors by Arrellanes and
Francks and a single by Unhappy Joe
McGucken.
Streib's circus catch was a feature of
the game. Umpire Tyler went through
the game without hurting any one's feel-
Ings or Inflicting fines. There was no
back talk and the game was the best play
ed in the series.
Following is the score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, s. e 4 0 1 0 1 4 1
McLaughlin, 1. f 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Courtney, 2b 4 110 10 0
Stricklett, p 4 0 0 0 0 10
McGucken. c. f 4 0 2 0 5 0 1
Hanlon, lb 3 0 0 0 11 0 0
Stanley, c..., 3 0 0 0 3 0 1
Pheehan, 3b 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Shanahan. r. f 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Totals 30 1 4 0 24 8,3
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Punleavy, 1- f 5 0 10 0 0 0
Drennan. c. f 4 2 2 12 0 0
Pireib. r. f 4 12 13 0 0
Eagran. lb 4 0 1 0 14 1 0
Arrellanes. 2b 4 0 0 0 2 2 2
rranclcs. s. s 3 1 1 1 4 3 0
Moore, 3b 3 10 114 1
Lohman. c 4 110 12 0
Iiodtcn. p 4 1 2 0 0 J 0
Totals 35 7 10 4 27 It 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 00000010 0 — 1
Base hits 10001011O—4
Oskland 1 1100310*— 7
Base hit* 20200411 •— 10
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Stricklett 5. Two-base
Slits — f>rennan, Strelb. Francks. Dunleavy.
First base on errors — Sacramento 3. Oakland 2.
First base on called balls— Facramento 2. Oak-
Itrd 2. Left on bases— Sacramento 4, Oakland
6. Struck out— By Slricklett 2, by Hodson L
l">ouble plays— Hodson to Arrellanes to Eacan;
Eapan to Francks; Devereaux to Hanlcn.
Parsed ball— Stanley. Time of game— 1:40.
I ir.pire— Tyler. Official scorer— H. S. JlcFar-
Isne.
MORNING GAME.
Oakland 7, Sacramento 5.
Hanlon virtually presented yesterday
morning's game to Oakland in the first
inr.lr.g. His muff of Eagan' s easy fly was
inexcusable. The error proved costly, as
Drennan scored and the next two men up
secured singles and subsequently scored.
Had he caught the ball, it would have
made the third out.
Only seven innings were played, but the
contest was full of vim. Cooney was in the
box for the Legislators and was pounded
hard. In the last inning the Oakland nine
fell on his curves tooth and nail and when
the spasm ended four runs and five hits
were recorded. Courtney made a home
run hit, which was his first during the
series. Following is the score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, s. e 4 0 2 0 13 0
McLaughlln. 1. f 4 1 1 3 2 0 0
Courtney. 2b 4 12 0 4 12
McGucken. c. t 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Hanlon. lh 2 1 0 1 8 1 1
Sheehan, Sb 8 1 10 0 2 0
r. f 2 0 0 0 1-00
Carter, c 3 12 0 _a_- 3 0
Cooney, p 3 0 10 0 10
Totals 28 5 9 4 21 11 3
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A.' E.
Dunleavy, L f 4.1 1 3 l\(l 0
Drennan, e. f ,. 3 0 1-1 2 0 0
Ftreib, r. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 v 0
Eagan, lb 3 2 1 0 8 0 0
Arrellanes. 2b 3 2 3 12 2 1
Francks. s. s 3 12 3 0 3 1
Moore. 3b 4 0 10 0 2 0
Lohman, c 3 ' 1 " ' 1" 1 ' 4 0 1
Sloskinian, p 4 0 10 0 2 0
Totals 31 7 11-9 *20 -9 : 3
•Cooney out; hit br batted ball.
RVNS AXD KITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 3 0 0 0 0 0 4—7
Base hits 2 0 1111 5—11
Sacramento 0 0 3 2 0 0 0—5
Base hits 0 0 4 3 10 1—9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Cooney 4. Home run-
Courtney. Two-bas* hit— Arrellanes. Sacrifice
hit— McGucken. Finst base on errors— Oakland
1. Sacramento 1. First base on called balls
Oakland 6. Left on bases— Oakland 9, Sacra
mento 4. Struck out— By Moskiman 4, by Coo
ney 5. Double nlay— Courtney to Hanlon.
Passed ball— Lofcman. Wild pitch— Cooney.
Time of came— 2:00. Umpire— Tyler. Official
¦corer— H. S. McFarlane.
Oakland 7, Sacramento 1.
Game Between Dndes and
Legislators Replete With
Star Plays.
Sacramentos Get Only
Four Hits OS Oak- .
land Man.
PITCHER HODSOM
FOOLS SENATORS
As President and Mme. Loubet left the
Elysee, two youths, to satisfy a craving
for momentary notoriety, shouted: "Vive
Deroulede." "They were arrested, but
subsequently released.
The victory of Cheri was popular, as he
is a French horse, but was a disappoint
ment to a majority of the bettor*, who
backed Saxon as a certain winner. The
betting on the favorite was even. On
Cheri it was 14 to 1 against, 30 to 1 against
on Tibere. 20 to 1 against on Lady Killer,
and 14 to 1 against Olympian.
King Leopold of Belgium, who is on a
special visit to Paris to attend the race,
was present, as were M. Deschanel and
Falieres and most of the cabinet min
isters. The Count and Countess of Castel
lane were present.
Longchamps presented a brilliant scene
during to-day's racing and more pretty
toilettes were visible than for several
years past. The sky was overcast mo.-st
of the time, but there was no rain and
the contest- for the Grand Prix was
favored by a brief spell of sunshine.
President Loubet, accompanied by his
wife, drove to the race course with tradi
tional ceremony, in a four-horse landau
with outriders and escorted by cuirassiers.
Rigby rode one winner, second place in
two events and was unplaced in two
others. ¦ *
Distinguished Spectators.
The final race, the Prix du Due d'Aoste.
showed Henry again having considerable
trouble with Pomme d'Or, on which he
won yesterday. Pomme d'Or made several
false starts at the post and finally, when
the horses got away, ne was last and
twenty yards behind the bunch. He ran
well, however, but failed to recover the
ground lost at the start and . finished
fourth.
The running of the Grand Prix produced
a splendid finish between Cheri and
Tibere, Cheri winning by a head. Lady
Killer, with Lester Reiff in the saddle,
came in two lengths and a half behind the
second horse. The correct time of the
race was 3.09. The betting in the mutuuls
on the Grand Prix totaled 1,706,840 francs.
The Prix: d'Ispahan was won by Mr.
Vanderbilt's Dido. Legers, ridden by
Rigby, was second, while Monociciar,
Henry up, an equal favorite with Dido in
a field of three, finished last.
In the opening race, the Prix d'Arme
nonville. Henry's riding of Pile et Face
made this horse a favorite. Henry lost
ground from the start and finished third,
Rigby taking second place on Lieutenant.
William K. Vanderbilt's Dolphin did not
get a place.
Henry Has Poor Luck.
The big American contingent present in
the paddock to-day lost a considerable
sum on Olympian, as well as on Heniy'3
four other mounts, as the success of
Henry yesterday tempted Americans and
a large number o£ Frenchmen to back
him to-day. ,
Although Olympian failed to secure the
Grand Prix to-day, the Americans here
gather much satisfaction from the fact
that for the first time in the history of
this race the winning horse was ridden by
an American jockey, Rigby having the
mount.
Cher!, the winner, Tibere, which go't
second place, and Lady Killer, which was
third, all passed Olympian, coming down
the hill into the stretch. Olympian, now
hopelessly beaten, fell back and finished
next to last. The winner- covered the dis
tance in. 3:09.
After two false starts, owing to the
nervousness of Olympian, which Henry
had much difficulty in mastering, the
horses got away in • good shape, with
Olympian ahead. Olympian maintained
the lead for half the distance. Theft, as
he was taking the incline, the fast pace
told upon him and it could be seen that
lie, could not stay the entire distance.
PARIS, June .16.— The Grand Prix de
Paris was won by Cheri. Tibere was
second and Lady Killer third.
American Jockey Rigby
Rides the Horse
to Victory. .
? ,
Yankee Contingent in Paris
Backs Henry's Mounts
and Loees.
CHERI CAPTURES
THE GRAND PRIX
Sonoma County.
Aocording to the latest news fror
"Camp Russ," located In the wilds o
Sonoma County, there are "big doings" ii
Olympians Enjoying Themselves i:
JOLLY TIMES AT CAMP BUSS.
M. Green, C. V. dough, E. M. Stack. George
James and E. Ranch.
They Cover the Distance in Quick Time, Urged On by Thoughts
of Fine Luncheon Awaiting Their Arrival Under thje Trees.
Britt, Sherry, Starr and Stone First to Reach Destination
SIXTY OLYMPIC CLUB PEDESTRIANS
ENJOY LONG TRAMP TO CAMP WILLOW
6
yA^r ANHEUSER-BUSCHTS
The Great
is easily assimilated
W 1 "^ by the weakest stom-
ach. -Enriches the blood, increases its
nourishing power. Good for ill, convales-
cent and well. All can use it with benefit.
V . Sold by druggists. The superb product of the
Anheuser-BuschBrewingAssn
St. Louis, U. S. A. -
pIL W ?«° f th r C °^ g « aI Budwei ser, Faust, Michelob, AnheusepStandard.
Pale-Lager, Export Pale, Black &' Tan and Exquisite.A. O. H. Picnic Committee— J. J. Donahue.
president; J. P. Henry, treasurer; P. J. Kel
leher, secretary.
that his assistants will be one of the chief
attractions of the day.
A f programme of literary exercises will
be presented in the open air. consisting
of an address by J. J. Donahue, county
president of the Ancient Order of Hiber
nians; oration, by S. V. Costello; an orig
inal poem, by J. M. Miller, and the sing
ing of "The Star-Spangled Banner" by
an immense chorus. The following com
mittees have charge of the celebration:
Twelve Divisions of Ancient Order Are Preparing Splendid Pro
gramme of Patriotic Exercises, Which Will Be Presented
at Schuetzen Park, San Rafael, on Coming Fourth of July
HIBERNIANS WILL JOIN IN GRAND
CELEBRATION OF INDEPENDENCE DAY
CHARMING AND CLEVER CALIFORNIA ACTRESS WHO WILL APPEAR
AT THE COLUMBIA THEATER NEXT WEEK IN A ROLE THAT HAS
ADDED TO HER FAME.
A woman who has no mind of her own
to cpeak of Is the first to give others a
«»«ce of !t.
OAKLAND, June 16.— The charter roll of
the Peddlers' Protective Union will closo
Monday evening, after which the initia
tion fee will be raised to $2 50. The union
has adopted resolutions of sympathy for
the Butchers' Union. ..
Peddlers to Close Charter Roll.
Take a camera when you go for a vaca
tion or on a picnic. Tcu will neverfnwt
the trip if you have Rood plates and film?.
Get your supplies from Sanborn. Vail &
Co. and you will be mir« to have the beet*
Cameras and Photo Supplies.
OAKLAND, June 16. — James Gaywood,
68 years old, a well-borer, died to-day at
the Receiving Hospital, where he had been
taken Friday from Plittsville, suffering
from pneumonia. The Coroner took
charge of the case. The deceased resided
at 13S0 Broadway. He was a member of
Company G, Seventh Regiment, California
Volunteers, during the Civil War.
Death, of a Veteran.
HAYWARDS, June 16.— Haywards may
build a municipal water works. The Board
of Trade, at its last meeting, discussed
the proposition and took the initiatory
steps toward securing a municipal plant
by appointing a committee of three to
¦wait upon the Board of Trustees and tallc
the proposition over. The committee con
sists of P. Wilbert, D. Chlsholm and G.
Toyne. •
May Build Water, Works.
BOSTON, June 17.— C. "V^, Leatherby's
lumber yard was burned at 1 o'clock this
morning. Between 2,000,000 and J.000,000
feet of dressed ' timber was destroyed.
The fire is thought to have been started
by fireworks, as men and boys all through
the city on their way to the Charlestown
celebration have been burning Greek fire
and setting off firecrackers. •
Lumber Yard Destroyed.
VIENNA, June 16.— A number of Czechs
traveling on a railway near Troppau with
two Germans named Luzar deliberately
seized one of the Germans and dropped
him under the wheels of tho car. The
man was killed, but his brother- jumped
from the car and escaped with serious in
juries.
Thrown Under a Moving Train.
CINCINNATI, June 16.— Reports to the
local committees show* that every section
of the country will .be represented here at
the twenty-third annual international con
vention of the Knights of St. John June
24 to 27. Large delegations will attend
from Canada and the West. California,
Colorado and New Mexico will send con
manderles to enter the competitive drill
for the world's championship. Over $25,000
has been fub?cribed-,to the entertainment
fund. An attendance of over 30,000
Knights and their families is indicated
from th© letters received.
Knights of St. John Convention.
TACOMA, June 16.— The steamship Ta
enma brings news from Hongkong that
th"! French forces in Tonkin have lost
four officers and seventeen soldiers In a
fight along the Tonkin frontier with
marauding bands <~,f Chinese aggregating
more than 5000. The Chinese forces in
r.hi<i e sl thousand regulars who preferred
robbery to soldiering;.
French Troops in Battle.
ENGINE JUMPS THE TBACK.
Engineer and Fireman Seriously In
jured in Disaster in Nevada.
CARLIN, Nev.. June 16.— A light en
?!ne and tender of the Southern Pacific
jumped the track near here to-day. En
crineer Fred Canady and Fireman Tur
ville wfr« badly injured. The engine is
a total wreck. Th* injured men were
taken to-nlpht to Og-rten for hosnital
r^atmr-r.t. Canady has several ribs broken
ina both arms shattered. H? may die.
The enpiie was running very fast and
took a iumzi on a precipitous curve.
There • are some women who are - fools
enough to try to kiss a man when he has
got the toothache. , , • %
MEMPHIS.," Tenn., June / 16.— General
William Montgomery Gardner, a veteran
of the Mexican and Civil Wars, died here
to-night at the age of 78 years. He was
a graduate of West Point.
William Montgomery Gardner.
Two Days."
James Stanley, one of the oldest engin
eers in the employ of the Southern Pa
cific, died last night at the Railroad Hos
pital. His death was due to Injuries re
ceived in the wreck near Santa Cruz last
Friday. . . : , .
Mr. Stanley had been in the service of
the Southern Pacific for more than twen
ty-five years. He was a mechanic of
great ability, and as, a locomotive engin
eer ranked second to none.
Passes AVay at the Railroad Hos
pital After Lingering for
ENGINEER JAMES STANLEY
SUCCUMBS TO INJURIES
Woodmen of the "World.
The memorial service by Redwood Camp
and Redwood Circle on last Sunday was
most Impressive. The graves of the neigh
bors of both orders were visited and pro
fusely decorated with flowers, and the.un
veiling of the monument erected to the
memory of the late Mrs. Freeman of
Portland, Or., In Mount Olivet Cemetery
.was conducted with all the Impressive
ness of the beautiful ceremony as laid
down in the ritual.
Western Addition degree team will give
a social in Union Square Hall on the 29th
inst. During the evening there will be
four degree teams in full uniform on the
floor. ¦•
Redwood Circle gave an entertainment
and dance in Native Sons' Hall last Fri
day night which was attended "by a large
number of the members and many of their
friends. There was a very entertaining
programme and the dance programme in
cluded the latest numbers. The Installa
tion of the officers of this circle will be on
the night of the first meeting In July.
After .the installation refreshments will
be served. '
Native Sons.
Grand President Frank L. Coombs has
issued a circular to all . the parlors re
questing them to fittingly observe Native
Sons' Memorial day, which falls on the
30th inst., in such a" manner and with
such ceremonies as may be deemed ap
propriate.
The Native Sons have- contributed as
subscriptions to the Stephen M. White
memorial fund sums amounting in the
aggregate to $861.
Hesperian Parlor No. 137 will spend the
Fourth of July in the redwoods at Camp
Taylor. This outing will be for the mem
bers and their friends. . . '
When a young man named Jackson was
taken into custody some time ago by the
police in connection with the Hislop mur
der mystery the members of Army and
Navy ¦ Parlor ¦ discovered that he was a
member of their organization, and at
Ancient Order of Foresters.
High Chief Ranger Boehm has been vis
iting all the courts in Humboldt County. .
"Deputy High Chief Ranger F. W. Ho
gan of Court Garden City, in company
with representatives from the courts in
San Jose, visited Court Harmony In May
field last week -to confer, the degree on a
number of strangers. - After the work of
the evening there was a banquet in honor
of the visitors.
Permanent Secretary Falconer visited
Court Rose Cltv •: at Santa- Rosa- last
Thursday. Deputy High Chief Ranger A.
U. Field placed twenty-five new members
in that court recently.
Court Ivanhoe gave a smoker last Wed
nesday, when an entertaining programme
was presented. - "..•-¦ ....;. . . , ¦¦ ',-*.
Court Star of the West has decided that
hereafter it will not pay any sick benefits
for the first week's sickness of a member.
Court Santa Amanda. wilKglve an enter
tainment and dance on the 19th inst. and
it will be assisted by Santa Amanda Cir
cle. -,;:¦¦• ¦ ¦¦ ;.:¦.¦¦:-•
BERKELEY. June 16.— The Rev. John
Duggan, who graduated from tho Univer
sity of California with the class of '93,
and received his orders a few weeks ago
at St. Paul's Seminary, held his first mass
in his home town this morning at St.
Joseph'-s Church. Assisting him were the
Rev. John Doran, deacon,, and the Rev.
William Fleming, sub-deacon. The first
named is the son of Joseph Doran. of Uni
versity and Second streets, and is at pres
ent professor of Latin and Greek at
Menlo Park Seminary. Father O'Riordan
officiated as master of ceremonies.
Young Priest Conducts Mass.
I/eut^nant F. T,. Deen of Troop K
finally set a trap for the negroes, instruct
ing certain privates to offer their weapons
for sale. Three regroes who bought' them
were arrested" and are being held.
It seems that the negroes had circulated
the report among the soldiers at the fort
that they would buy up all the Govern
ment revolvers offered, and several of the
soldiers took the opportunity of disposing
of the Government's goods.
LEAVENWORTH, KANS., June 16.—
considerable excitement has been created
by the unearthing of what appears to be
a scheme of the negroes In Leavenworth
to arm themselves with revolvers pur
chased from soldiers at Fort Leaven
worth. Ever Eince the burning of Fred
Alexander the negroes of Leavenworth
have been in an ugly mood, and conserva
tive men say that the race feeling stirred
up at that time may break out any time.
The police are doing everything possible
to kill this feeling and are assisting the
officers at Fort Leavenworth to recover
the revolvers.
Leavenworth Blacks Would
Avenge the Burning of
Alexander.
NEGROES ARE BUYING
ARMS FROM SOLDIERS
GRAND FORKS, N. D., June 16.— News
has been received here that the agents
of the Northern Pacific road are author
ized to purchase sheep and cattle in Mon
tana and deliver them to farmers on a
share basis. The plan will be appreciated
by the Russian, Swedish and Norwegian
homeseekers who have come into this
State in recent years and taken up
claims. -Stock is given them, the owners
taking from one-third to one-half the net
profits as their share and interest on the
original investment. The farmers are to
be allowed to utilize the stock In what
ever way Ipnrlp tn the most profit.
Northern Pacific Leases Live
stock to Settlers on
Shares.
RAILROAD COMPANY
GOES INTO FARMING
Friends of the Forest.
Olive Branch Lodge of the Friends of
the Forest is steadily advancing. At its
meeting last Wednesday night it Initiated
two strangers and received several appli
cations. «
Men think they are playing the race»
when In reality the races are working
them.
To-night Miss Florence Roberts will ap
¦pear at the Alcazar Tneater in the title
For the first time in the history of "Gis
monda" the play will be presented at pop
ular prices, the production taking place
to-night at the Grand Opera-house.
"Gismonda" is one of Sardou's strongest
plays, a familiar play in Fanny Daven
port's repertoire, and will be given worthy
presentment to-night at the Grand Opera
house." Melbourne MacDowell will be sup
ported by Miss Florence Stone, who will
appear in the title role. A souvenir photo
graph of Miss Stone will be presented to
every one attending the Saturday matinee.
this evening, Tuesday, and the Wednes
day matinee. On Wednesday night "The
Importance of Being Earnest" will be
given, and the remaining evenings and
Saturday matinee will be devoted to
"Heartsease," in which Mr. Miller will
alike take leave of San Francisco and the
play, in which he will not again appear.
The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-day includes the Tobins, musical
artists, direct from the Orpheum; Baby
Metzler. the child wonder; Senorita Lopex,
In Spanish dances; Martinetti and Suther
land, comedians and dancers; Clinton
Montgomery, in illustrated songs; La
Lista, in new fire dances, and new mov
ing pictures.
The vocal offerings will be particularly
strong at Fischer's Concert-house this
week, including- Charity Martin, in the
grand aria from "Robert Le Diable"; Sig
nor Abramoff, Paraskova, Sandolln and
Erma Wing in solos and the wedding
scene from "Romeo and Juliet." Others
on the programme will be the Juggling
Gillens, Ed B. Adams, the Samayoas,
South American trapeze performers, and
Alice Barnum, a child soprano.
Reeves, Gardner and Maddern and the
Doherty Sisters take good care of the rest
of the programme.
THEY WILL AID IN MAKING
THE A. O. H. CELEBRATION
A SUCCESS.
once appointed, through Frank S. Drady.
the president, a committee, consisting of
Milton A. Nathan. Ed D. Crowley and
himself, to attend to the case of the sus
pect. The committee secured lawyers
and within an hour secured the release
of Jackson, they having proved to the
satisfaction of the police that there was
not any ground for the suspicion.
Floor and reception— Mn. Kato Henry. Mlsa
M McNulty, Miss Rose Deeney. Miss M. Mc-
Nerney. Mrs. S. McFadden, Miss Nellie Con
nell Miss Emma. Connell. Miss M. McNerney.
MU3 May Sullivan, Miss M. Foudy, Miss B.
Hennessy. Miss Minnie Hlggins, Miss H.
O'Brien, Miss' Ada V. Long-. Miss Agnes
Kearns, Miss F: Gallaway, Miss A. McNulty.
Miss Frances Connell, Miss May Small, Mlsa
A Reedey. Mrs. Theo Richards and Mlsa Julia
Keefe.
Prizes— J. J. Donahue, Daniel Sheerln. J. W.
Shinkwln. Ed Healey. J. C. Ryan and T. I*
Clancy.
Press— J. J. Glldea, chairman; J. S. McCor
mick. F. S. Drady, C. B. Flanigan and Rev.
D. O. Crowley.
Music— M. H. McCafferty, T. P. CDowd, J.
P. Henry. Rev. D. O. Crowley, Frank Conk
lln, J. W. Shlnkwin and J. J. Donahue.
Games — T. P. CDowd and P. Lynch, judges.
Floor — J. P. Dlgnan, chairman.
Advertising and publicity— P. J. Kelleher.
Jig and reel— John Kenny, chairman; Joseph
P. Kelleher and J. B. Hagerty.
Morrissy, Thomas Doyle. No. 14, J. P. Henry,
C. J. McCarthy, Frank Kelly, J. S. Banner
man. C. J. Collins. No. 17, P. B. Mahoney,
William Maher, P. J. McCormick. Joseph Fan
ning. J. Cullinan. No. 20, J. B. Hagerty. S. V.
Costello, W. D. Flynn, William O'Shaugh
nessy.
SANTA ANA, June 16.— The last day of
one of the most successful conventions
ever held by the California Christian En
deavor Union was characterized by an un
usually large attendance. At both meet
ing places the afternoon services consisted
of concert programmes. Miss Katherln©
Stockton of New York and A., Horace
Cogswell of Berkeley rendered numbers
at both places.
At the church Dr. E. S. Chapman of Los
Angeles, superintendent of the Anti-Saloon
League, conducted a temperance rally, in
which a brief history of the temperance
work in the State was given. The speaker
made a most eloquent appeal for Chris
tian Endeavorers to take a more active
and earnest part in the suppression of the
liquor traffic.
At the opera-house the Rev. Richard
TJader, an evangelist from New York, dis
coursed upon "Christ to All the World."
The address was confined largely to mis
sionary work, showing the great effort
being put forth by Christian peopl* to en
lighten the uninformed on true religion.
An overflow meeting was provided at
th© Baptist church to-night because so
many could not gain admittance to either
the opera-house or convention church. The
little Misses Adams sang "Welcome- to
Jesus" at both church and opera-house. 1
At the convention church the Rev. D wight
E. Potter of the Union-street Presbyterian
Church, Oakland, made an earnest and
effective talk on "The Wages of Sin Is
Death," and at the opera-house the Rev.
Richard TJader of New York made a
strong appeal to the unconverted. ¦
The northern delegates propose to see
something of the southland before return
ing, and consequently will spend next
week in sightseeing. Monday they will
go to San Diego and Coronado, returning
to Los Angeles Tuesday. Wednesday they
will go to Catalina, Thursday to Mount
Lowe and Friday they will take a trip
around the kite-shaped track, making
short stops at San Bernardino, Redlands
and Riverside. / ,. .
MAKES APPEAL
FOR TEMPERANCE
Speaker Tells of Christian
Endeavor Society
Work.
D. E Lilley Is Crushed
Into Pulp Beneath
Car Wheels.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 16.
D. E. Ulley, a Southern. Pacific freight
brakeman. was ground, to death at 10
o'clock to-night by freight train No. 246,
bound for Mendota. Lilley was sent out
to work from Tracy. He did not belong
to the regular crew, the members- of
which claim ignorance of the manner in
which he met death. It is supposed he
fell between two freight cars while walk-
Ing along on the top of the train.
Conductor William Cheadle missed Lll
ley when the train arrived at the stock
yards. Fearing an accident had befallen
the brakeman, Cheadle ordered the en
gine to switch back and went alone to
see if he could find the missing man.
The mangled corpse was found at Ninth
and Cedar streets crushed out of all sem
blance to human form. Cheadle recog
nized the body and then notified the Cor
oner, who took charge of the case.
Lilley resided at 1476% Fifth street. He
was about .15 Tears of age and married.
BRAKEMAN MEETS
AN AWFUL DEATH
NEVER in the history of the An
cient Order of Hibernians has
there been given a celebration
on such a magnificent scale as
that to take place at Schuetzen
Park, San Rafael, on July 4.
Twelve divisions of the order will com
bine in a patriotic glorification of Inde
pendence day, and it is estimated that no
less than "8000 people will be in attend
ance. The various committees having the
affair in charge have worked hard to in
sure its success, and a splendid pro
gramme of games- and sports will be car
ried out. ; ' '.-/
There will be the usual Gaelic games,
including running, jumping, weight
throwing, football and tug of war. The
lovers of the old and ever popular Irish
jig and reel will have an opportunity of
watching the most expert contestants dis
play their ability. A sum of $2000 will be.
distributed in prizes, besides 500' gate
prizes. The holder of the first gate prize
will receive $100.
A unique feature of the affair will be
that the chairman of the floor and recep-
tion committee will have ladles only as
his assistants this year. At a meeting
recently held in Hibernia Hall the ladles
were requested to act in this capacity, to
which they agreed. The chairman of the
reception committee is of the opinion
PENDLETON, Or., June 16.— Half a
dozen well-mounted Umatilla Indians are
scouring the Blue Mountains to capture
Black Horn of the Umatilla reservation
and a Yaltima Indian, who last night tried
to murder Brisbow, chief of the Indian
police.
Brisbow. about midnight, was attempt-
Ing to arrest Black Horn and the Yakima
Indian for being drunk and disorderly,
when Black Horn drew a pistol and the
Yakima Indian a dirk. They rushed on
Bripbow. who fired three times without
effect The Yakima Indian ran behind
and struck Brisbow in the back of the
head, knocking him Insensible ,P^ I T' 1":
other Indian, fired twice, but failed to hit
his mark Jack, also a policeman, started
up a fusillade with no better result.
Black Horn and the Yakima then sprang
ni thoir horses and left for the Blue
Mountains. Black Horn two years ago
was accused of murdering TYip-Sha and
afterward cf placing his body on the rail
road track.
Umatilla Braves Searching
Mountains for Vicious
INDIANS IN CHASE
OF DESPERATE MEN
To-night Henry Miller begins the final
week of his very successful season. The
programme of the week is a varied one
and includes "Darcy of the Guards" for
"The present role of 'Cigarette* was rot
of my own seeking. Mr. Frohman, Mr.
Belasco and Mr. Potter, the dramatist of
the play, appeared to think I could give It
a satisfactory interpretation. But it is
not very far from the truth that I have to
thank my proficiency as a horsewoman."
"I am under a special writing with Mr.
Belasco for a term of years, and I am to
appear in a round of characters for which
he seems to feel I am peculiarly consti
tuted. There is a horseback ride by 'Cig
arette' in one of the scenes of the play of
•t'r.der Two Flags.' and I was accordingly
urged to undertake the character, and I
do not regret doing so, for everything has
been so pleasant— the company, the man
agement and the critics alike.
"Am I glad to get back to this Frisco of
mine? Well. I don't know anything that
could make me happier. I have been posi
tively homesick the whole time. I've been
sway, though I haven't hinted as much to
any one but mother. She can tell you how
I have been counting trie very days as
the time went along. Now I am perfectly
happy, more like myself than I've been
since leaving 1 here. And I come back. too.
with what I hear is the best character I
have yet played, though there are other
parts in which I think I have done quite
as well. The East has, I fear, spoiled me
with kindness. I fancy, though, that I am
not altogether past cure with such a man
ager as Mr. Charles Frohman and sucli
a sponsor a? Mr. David Belasco.
Miss Bates is glad to get home, at least
this is what she has to say about It, in
her characteristic ingenuous fashion:
BLANCHE BATES, who will ap
pear next week at the Columbia
Theater in "Under Two Flags." Is
in town. The clever California n
returns to us after a two yeirs'
absence with a greatly enhanced reputa
tion, indeed, as one of the brightest stars
in the theatrical firmament. She is under
the management of Charles Frohman. and
has also the inestimable advantage of the
personal tutelage of that cleverest of
dramatists, David Belasco. Miss Bates
will te supported by the entire Garden
Theater company in "Under Two Flags."
and San Francisco will see the first pro
duction out of New York of Paul Potter's
new play. The play ran for 150 nights at
the Garden Theater and is said to afford
Miss Bates, as Cigarette, one of her hap
piest opportunities.
Odell Williams, supported by a clever
company, is one of the Orpheum's star at
tractions this week. He appears in a
bright farce by William Gill, entitled
"The Judge,", in which full scope for his
peculiar genius is found. Ezra Kendall
is in his second week, and equal to the
entertainment of the multitude single
handed. Fatma and Smaun, th.e East* In
dian pygmies, are a unique feature of the
bill. Cole and Delosse, Ed Latell, Lester
/
The last week of "The Toy Maker" be
gins to-night at the Tivoli, and with the
¦week ends one of the most notable runs
of the season. The last toy souvenir per
formance will take place ¦ on" Saturday
afternoon next, to the regret of the chil
dren who have faithfully patronized the
pretty opera since its beginning. "The
Babes of the Wood," a midsummer ex
travaganza, will follow.
role of the "Countess Valeska," one of the
Julia Marlowe successes. The play re
ceives its first production to-night, and
dates its first presentment two years ago
at Wallack's Theater, New York. The
scene of the play is laid in Poland, the
time during the invasion of the country
by Kapcelon. Miss Roberts as Countess
Valeska has the picturesque role of a
Polish patriot. White Whittlesey is seen
as the hero, her lover, and a soldier; and
Marie Howe and Agnes Rankln make their
reappearance.
The Police Commissioners will fill the
vacancies in the department by July 1,
and they expect the City Council to au
thorize an increase of ten men, which has
been recommended by Chief of -Police
Hodgkins. ¦ • ."'¦¦.'
Chief Hodgkins declares that the de
mand for more policemen is imperative.
There are now five vacancies in the reg
ular force, which at best is inadequate
to meet the requirements. The large ter
ritory annexed two years ago has de
manded better protection. Many of the
beats as now arranged are "so extensive
that It is impossible for a patrolman to
cover them in one watch. For example,
one in East Oakland extends from Lake
Merritt to the city line on the east and
from East Seventeenth street to the city
boundary on the north.
After the robbery was completed the
pair of highwaymen ordered Powers to
walk ahead and make no outcry under
penalty of being shot." He obeyed, and
after following behind him a few steps
the men turned and walked rapidly away.
Before he reached home Powers met a
policeman and told the story of the rob
bery. He could not give a good descrip
tion of his assailants. They are sup
poaed to be the pair that recently held
up Miss Augusta Williams at Madison
and Ninth streets and L. Hlnz at Twen
tieth street and Broadway.
The police have been given urgent or
ders to round up every • suspicious char
acter seen on the streets late "at night
and send the suspects to the City Prison.
All pedestrians who cannot give a good
account of themselves after dark axe to
be subjected, to investigation.
Powers reported to the police that he,
was grabbed by one robber, who jumped
at him from the shade of some trees, and
deftly relieved him of his money before
he had recovered from his surprise at the
attack. The second footpad stood behind
Powers in the shadow, but ready to grab
him if he made any attempt to resist.
While walking home at 1:30 o'clock this
morning G. S. Powers, residing at .1530
Market street, was held up at the corner
of Tenth and Filbert streets; by two foot
pads, who relieved him of $7.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 16.
Hold Up Pedestrian and
Relieve Him of His
Coin.
FOOTPADS FIND
ANOTHER VICTIM
Count von Buelow concluded his speech
by calling for three cheers for the Em
peror and the fatherland.
The 8000 people present then, sung the
national anthem, and at a signal from the
Emperor the veil fell from the statue and
the fountains started playing, amid the
ringing cheers of the assembly. On the
pedestal of the statue there appears the
single word, "Bismarck." Emperor Wil
liam alone mounted the steps and deposit
ed the first wreath at the foot of the
statue. He then turned to Prince Herbert
Bismarck while "Deutschland Ueberalles"
was sung. The Emperor and Empress
then inspected the memorial arid the va
rious deputations laid a mound of wreaths
at the feet of the statue before their ma
jesties took their departure.
May the name of this great man always go
before the German people an a pillar of flra
on good as on evil days. May our German
people face their future in peace, freedom, well
being and strength under the leadership of
the glorious house of Kohenzollern, on whose
shoulders the nation's future rests.
Only fools and fanatics would maintain that
Bismarck never made , a - . mistake or that th*
maxims he laid down must, be applied In all
circumstances. Rigid dogmas do- not hold
either In political or economical life. Bismarck
himself did not lay great stress upon the doc
trine he taught us, that no personal fancies,
transitory Ideas or antiquated theory, but only
the practical and enduring interest of the com
munity should govern the national policy.
What his whole work teaches us is that it Is
essential in politics always clearly to recog
nize the limits of the attainable and to stake
all upon the attainment of what will be of
advantage to the ' country. Bismarck belongs
to no party; he belongs to the whole nation.
In the domain of politics Bismarck was what
Goethe was In the domain of mind. He is our
guarantee that the nation can never surrender
its right to unity, independence and power.
Living: in middle Europe, we have no alterna
tive but to be always en vtdette. "We are strong
enough, however, to maintain our Independence
on every side. Divided by opposing principles
In politics, economics and creed the empire will
never be without Internal conflicts, but these
will no longer be able to shatter what was
forged thirty years ago. Exegl monumentum
a.ere rerenntus. (I have reared for myself a
monument more enduring than bronze.)
Count von Bulow then eloquently
sketched Bismarck's stupendous work In
establishing the empire, that aspiration of
centuries for which the noblest spirits had
strived in vain and for which a long ar
ray of martyrs in the German cause had
fought and suffered. Continuing, Count
von Bulow said: ¦•-'.¦¦
Among the whole German people there is no
one but knows that no vestige of the Iron
Chancellor's days upon earth will disappear
that the admiration and gratitude toward him
will increase while German hearts beat or
while German fists are clenched. Bismarck's
was a leonine nature. Upon earth he stood
amid the dust of battle. Battle brings with
it Just opposition,- unjust misunderstanding
honorable enmity and blind hatred. While the
dust Is dispersed there remains only the mem
ory of unparalleled deeds and of peerless per
sonality.
I BERLIN, June 16.— The Bismarck
statue, facing the Column of Victory in
front of the Reichstag building-, was un
veiled at midday to-day in the presence
of the Emperor and Empress, Prince Her
bert Bismarck, Count von Bulow, Prince
Hohenlohe, the Ministers and the mem
bers of the legislative, houses and the me
morial committee. There was an imposing
array of officers, officials, veterans' asso
ciations, students, etc., and an enormous
gathering of people. Emperor William in
spected the guard of honor and then took
his place under the baldachin with the
Empress. A thousand school "children
sang in chorus and Dr. von Levitzow, Con
servative leader of the Reichstag, deliver
ed a brief eulogistic address. Count von
Bulow, the Imperial Chancellor, then
made a speech as follows: ,
Emperor William and Court
Attend the Unveiling of
the Statue.
Chancellor von Bulow
Delivers Eloquent
, Address.'
REVIEWS LIFE
OF BISMARCK
"Gismonda" at Popular Prices at Grand Opera-House— Florence
Roberts^ to Appear at the Alcazar in Title Role of "Countess
Valeska"-Orpheum Has New Stars-' 'Toymaker" ih Last Week
BLANCHE BATES HERE ONCE MORE
WITH REPUTATION MUCH ENHANCED
xfijs S A JV FttA If CISCO. CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1 90 1.
Arrangements— Division No. 2. John Kenny,
T. L. Clancy. James Gibney, John McFadden.
No. 3. James Burns, M. H. McCafferly. J. 9.
McCormick. M. J. McDermott. No 5. F. S.
Drady, T. P. O'Dowd, P. Lynch, M. Leonard.
No. 6. M. J. Wren. E. Healcy. J. Keohane,
James Clark. No. 8, J. J. Moran J. H Me-
Ginnis, W. R. Manley. D. Sheerin. J. Shlnk
wln. No. 9, J. C. Ryan. M. Harnedy, J. C.
Ryan Jr., James Wall. No. 10, John Cough-
Ian. George Low, C. B. Flanlgan. John
Creedon. No. 11, D. Fitzpatrlck, E. D. Sulli
van. Jerome Deasy. D. E. Collins. No. 12. J.
P. Dlgnan, Charles Hurley, J. J. Glldea. N.
O
7
K5^" m&V n )¦ \j L1 jsf
Eastern Hams 12 i-2c lb 1
Sugar cured, fresh smoked.
Fancy Japan Rice 5c lb
Large, whole kernels. $4.65 per
hundred.
Chocolate 23c tin
D. Ghlrardelli's; ground; 1-lb tins.
Reg. 30c.
Early Breakfast Coffee
, 15c pound
Roasted; whole or ground. Reg.
20c.
Libby's Soups 5c tin
Premier brand. Campers should
avail themselves of this remark-
ably low price. Reg. 10c.
Fresco Lunch 8c pound
American Cracker Company's;
fresh and crisp.
Cognac $1.00 bottle
Carnot Frerea'; as crood as any,
superior to most. Reg. $1.23. ',
Port Wine, or Sherry
50c gallon
From the celebrated Los Cerrltoa
Vineyard. Reg. 75c.
Scotch Whiskey 85c bottle
James Macdoug-all's; fine old <
blend. Considered by connoisseurs J
to be the best. Reg. $1.25. 4
London Dock Gin 75c bot i
Fine Old Tom. Patent glass stop- 1
per. Regr- $1.00. j • . ' ',
Millwood Whiskey |
| $3.00 gallon i
J Very old, mild and palatable. J
j Reg. $5.00. X
1 Zinfandel 35c gallon \
2 Choice old wine, suitable for bot- s
I tllng. Vintage 1S94. Res- 60c. $
< Paragon Cocktails ;j
> Whiskey, '* Manhattan, Martlnt, J;
Z Vermouth, Gin: Quart bottles, j
> . Everybody should have an appe- Z
< . tizer at this price. # yTHE SAN /FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; JUNE 17, 31)01.
8
SAN FRAXCISCO CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco (
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open _
until :2 o'clock every night in the year. , ]
BRANCH OFFICES— 52/ Montgomery Btreet,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 i>. m.. -
500 Ha ye* street: open until 9:3a p. m. i
«S» McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
fIS Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m. -
3«<1 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
ffll Market street, corner Sixteenth: open _
ontil 5 p. ra. (
lf« nieventh street: cpen until S p. m.
lf.36 Valencia Ftrcet: open until 3 p. m. .
Nrrthwest corner Twenty-second ana Ken-
l-jrltv streets: open until 9 p. m.
yy>0 Fiilmore ytr»<»t: open vntll *> ". rn. j
NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandcry < <i < 3
No 16 K. T.. 623 Sutter Et.— Stated as-^rtp
MSddr THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock. MMfl
Order "of Temple. All iratere art cour- >•
tfously Invited. _
H. D LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
»AX FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal _«\_ .
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. XJ\ j
Kusiness and degree 4. *
DOCtDKXTAXa Lodge No. 22. F. and A. #»
M.— THIS (MOXDAY) EVENING at,£*
7:30 o'clock. Third degree. Master Ma- jfLJ\
• ons cordially Invited. By order of the ' Tr *
W. M. WALTER G. ADERSON'. Sec
KIXG SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. *
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. Fiilmore St.. J\^
between Bush and Sutter— First degree ?L2C
THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. *
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
UNITY Lodga No. 1C1. I. O. O. F., "
'•or. Valer.e-ia nnd 15t.h streets. -2?T5SvJ?;
Initiation TUESDAY. June 18. -%%£&S^
IX' 1, at S p. m. "*
. S. F. THOMPSON. N. G.
A. S. CRONK, R. S.
OFFICERS and members of Triumph vjCft,
Lodge No. ISO, A, O. U. W'.— You are }45S»£
hereby notified to attend the funeral WSSS
r>T our late brother, PATRICK COR- «a>
RIG AX. from St. Brendan's Church. MON-
DAY, Jun« 17. at 9 a. in. ¦
C. R. HOLTON. M. W. 3
J. II. CATTRAN. Recorder.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from A. Lundberg, In the
Joreph Thomas mine, at Plymouth. Amadcr
Countv. to deposit tailings In Indian Creek,
and from S. I. Simmons et als.. in the Vic-
tor placer mine. In Negro Canon, Sierra
County. *o deposit tailings In Charcoal or -
Neero Creek, drives notl'-e that a meeting
¦w-:il be h*l<1 *t room 59. Flood building. San .
•F»TtTiciyco. Cal.. on June 24. 190L at 1:30 p. m.
ASPHALTCM ROOFIXG.
J. FKLTIKR. asphalt yooflnjt. sidewalks re-
t-~4t«<1: lv^tal. JIKfi Mission: tel. Folsom 1W.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without euccess; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 917 Market St.. opp. Mascn.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket ft., consultation free: no fees In advance.
DOAIIDIXC FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD country home for children, with best ;
cf care. H. M.. 933 Forty-sixth St.. Oakland.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month: best
care:Eunny yard;nr.pchool;reasonable.l607 Cal.
BOOKS <~£W A\D OLD. •
BOCKS of every description bought. HOLMES
BOOK CO.. TC4-70S Mission St.; tel. Red 2356.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A—^200oT~GROCERY with bar; rent JSofon
Fourth st., close to Market: a well-known ;
and good-paying business; sickness of wife •
compete owner to leave the city. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26»4 Kearny st. !
tlSOO— CANDY store and factory in Oakland;
rent $30; the place clears above J200 per ;
month: owner has other business and must
kIL Inquire R. G. WILXE. I6V4 Kearny st.
A— SX.0: DELICACY store and branch bakery
with 3 living rooms; rent $18: kept by owner
31 year*: choice business location. Particulars .
R. G. WILKE. 2C4 Kearny Et. ;
A— $12C0i CORNER grocery and bar: estab.
years; living rooms; rents $23; located on lead-
lnsr business St.. cor. Natoma: death In family
cause tale. Call R. G. WILKE, 2»Vs Kearny.
A-J7C9: CORNER grocery and bar with 3 liv-
ing rooms; rent $16; choice location In the
Mission; a steady and Rtrod-paying business.
Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— f-iJOO; COUNTRY saloon, 30 miles from S.
F. : rent* $35; place doing business of SSOOO per
year; license $100 per year: lease. Particu-
lars R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $600; DELICACY, with home cooking de-
partment, doing a business of $30 per <lay;
rent £22; a. money-making place. Cajl R. G.
WILKE. 26la Kearny st
A— $730; SALOON: no better located place In
this city: rent $30: place clears easily $150
per month: no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. 2C^ Kearny st.
jl^n — LIQUOR store: downtown corner.
loot — Country saloon and restaurant; no op-
position.
$1200— Dairy and good paying route.
1475— Candy store and Icecream parlor. j
$'.2r»— Cirar— tore; laundry agency.
I3C6 — Faloon: transfer corner; low rent.
$050— Restaurant, downtown; fixtures, etc..
T.-f-rtr 5500.
We have some very genuine business oppor-
tunities well worth investigation.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S3S Market st.
A — WE have buyers for cilgar Etore. S1CC0; sa-
ioon. *40fi0 to J50CO; barber shops, S500 and i
$1100; general business, $600 and JlOCO; list
your business with us: no cnarge for adver-
tising. WALTER HAYES & CO., SSS Market.
LIST your business or lodging-house with us: vv-e
will sell your business quickly and without
publicity: money advanced to purchasers.
REICHENBACH. VIERECK & CO..
Office 510 Emrr.a Spreckels bldg., S27 Market.
YOK can be suited In any kind of business by
calling ot ofnee. •
O W. SCHWEINHARD. 917 Market St..
rear Fifth. Phone. Mint 1911.
A— S4C0; PARTNER wanted in est3blished busl-
neaa: mupt be satisfied with $130 mo.; refs. re-
quired and clven. FISHER, 933 Market 6t-
IF you want bargains in groceries, restaurants,
saloons, lodging housr-s, etc., call at the PA- I
CIFIC REAL ESTATE CO.. 765 Market st.
SCX.— UNION restaurant: bargain; part cash If
desired. McLAUGHLLV & CO.. 777^4 Market.
DAIRY depot clearing J2 daily; best offer in
town; t2C0 will take It; some delivery if de-
sired Box 2504. Call office.
COFFEE end chop house to be sold to-day;
only $50. 213 Fifth st.
*::•— STORE with fixtures: good for dressmaker
or Email trade. ?.J3 Fifth Et.
FfR rale— In Vallejo. one of the best corner
caiooiis sr.d rooming house of 20 rooms, new-
ly furnished; best rooms In town; If you are
looldr>(r for a safe investment you will find it
hrre; will bear inspection; cause of selling, re-
tiring tram business. For particulars call on
ADAM MILLER, cor. Virginia and Santa
Clara *t*.. Vallejo.
FOH sc'.e— SSOOO; old-established flower store,
with nursery, hothouse, etc., boiler, hjrscs.
wagons, plants and trees of all descriptions;
established- :nany years and doing a money-
Tvakinjr boaineac Particulars CARL CAKL-
ray, iro Hairnt «.
AUK yen ambitious to get into a legitimate.
profitable haslacn of your own without capi-
tal? Here is .in opportunity, write us. mclos-
lnjr CTc, Etarj-.ps rr silver, for plan. Excelsior
Company. 777 Market Ft.
COP N ER grocery and bar; five rooms; rent
raid until first of July; must sell immediate-
ly: reasonable offer accented; no agents. :u
San Jore ave.
OLI> established restaurant. S21 Kearny. with I
furniture, range, china, etc.. complete, for
t-alc or lease; alsr. basement attached suit-
aMe for baker}'- Apply 705 Davis st.
WANTED to rent— A small chicken ranch !n-
<iudlnr rmall furnished house, or partly. In
nr cround Fruitvale or Ssa Lorenzo. Box
\-VfH. Call office.
$C -f'-PAYIXG. legitimate business: vastly
:«>»rn«l: lady or pentleman: respectable;
Fhnrt hours; investigation courted. Box 3556
¦ Call office. I
WE liare come select oil land In De\-ll Den
district which wurt he sold. Further Infor-
tnarlnn West Coast Investment Co.. Pheian
'.-•••:inR.
SAFE investment: smell capital; latest, great-
f«t novelty: big money maker; winner. Of-
fice. 1517^*rket st.
TAnTIES with $3C0 to 11000 to ioln in pur-
chasine rich «ntlcksllver mine; ground floor.
Box SCSP. Cal!.
JT-ffl BITYS half-Interest in business paying *200
monthly: will bear Investigation. Box 3509
Call offlce.
GROCERY business, wholesale and retail;
Ftock, fixtures, hordes and wagon: no bar;
for Bale at a bargain. Box S&2. Call office.
DYEING and cleaning business for eale cheap.
Apply 2318 Market et.
SALOON for sale en account of death of own-
er: r?nt reasonable. 624 Seventh Et.
WELI«-PAYING corner Krocery and bar; no
agents. Call 1016 Pollc St.
LIVERY boarding stable . for sale. Box 3CC3
Call office.
MILK depot for sale cheap. Call branch. IPS
Eleventh et.
SHOEMAKER shop for eale cheap; .best In
city; lots of work. Bex SC6L Call office.
I UUSIXESS CHAXCES— Contlnaed.
COFFKE V ~and chop~liouse for sale; price $60. j
217 Sixth tt. • . ¦
BRANCH bakery and variety store; good place :
for man and wife. 591 Fourth St.
MAX with 5300 to Join party to work placer (
claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433, Call office. .
¦ ' * ¦
A-WAGOX-MAKIXG and horseshoeing shop "
for 6ale at a bargain. Call 404, Jackson et..
GOOD opening for barber shop and baths In J
hotel: also tailor. 718 Valencia st.
LODGIVG.HOUSKS Ii"OR SALE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, phone Mint 796.
established Over 2G Years...
Offers for Sale or Exchange j
Rooming Houses, Boarding Houses
Hotels, Flats, Private Homes
City and Country Real Estate
Stores and Business Places
All sixes, price and
locations, from $10 to $10,000
lor cash. Installments or easy ._....'. j
payments: money to loan at •
lowest rates; give me a call
I can suit you. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
ALL. BARGAINS. ]
lS-room hour.e; sure to clear $100 $700
3S rooms; all rented; clears $175 2000
26 rooms; elegant corner; clears $150 1900
S3 rooms on Market; clears $200 1800 -
21 rooms; fine and sunny; clears $U0 1200 i -
10 rooms; very central; on Taylor 400
16 rooms; near Eddy; new furniture 1330 j
DCO other houses, from 550 to $10,000.
Give me a call. I sell and exchange real es- .
tate and business places. What do you want j
or what have you to offer? Phone Mint 79C.
H. C. DECKKR. 1020 Market St.. opp. 5th.
A. CAMERON & CO..
SCO Market pt. and S Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S. 1
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers •
for all sizes ami prices. See list of bargains.
17 rooms; rent $S0; 4-yr. lease: new fur.,
carpets; reduced to make quick sale $1600 j
II rms. ; rent J10; water, piano, swg, mch. 700 i
16 rms. ; fln» transient house; new fur... HiM .
21 rms.: Post: rent $S5; fine fur.; sunny.. 2200 "
25 rooms; rent $110; fine location l?0) '
MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate agent, N
719 Market; rms 1 & 2, by the Call building.
11 rooms; central: nice; clears $30 '..$Sr>0 "
27 rooms: extra nice: rent $100; clears $130.$2SOO J
13 rooms; gutter; rent $41; income $S5 $5;">0 p
CO rooms; ccr.: rent 51*0; income $350 $3000 -
21 rooms: on Market; rent $73: pays well. .$1000
15 rooms: Geary St.; extra nice; clears $6."0. j
Plea?e call at my office {or a list of hotels <
and lodging-houses; above are only samples.
"WINSTON & "WOLF.
1C2G Market at
26 rooms; Mission St.; cheap rent .$1600 i -
So rooms; rent SSO; must see $300 '
32 rooms; rent $40; clears $S3 $1200
18 rooms: rent $30: only R00
20 rooms; central: part cash $1200
500 others to select from.
~~ ATTENTION, BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for It
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 830 Market.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St., opp. Mason. :
37 rooms, price SfPO: 33 rooms, price $1400.
24 rooms, price $1000: 12 rooms, price $550.
T6 rooms, price $1400: 11 rooms, price $323.
S rooms: finely furnished: rent $30; $300.
If a bargain, we have them at any price.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses .
and hotels can be found nt office of i
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
No. S17 Market st. (near Fifth et.).
Phone Mint 1911. ¦
IS ROOMS en Pine st., price $4r,0.
9 rooms on Minna st.. price $250.
14 rooms on Taylor st., price $700.
19 rooms on Grant ave.. price $1500.
Eureka Real Estate,. 2S Sixth st.
$375 LODGIXcThOTJSE; 10 rooms; furnished. .
S64*£ Mission street. :
FOP. SALE— House 11 rooms on Taylor ot. .
cheap It sold by July 1. Box 3653, Call office.
mIrsT^TX'^'iVitney- ~
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations: medical clairvoyant;
treats cures rick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 OTarrell. nr. Gough; Ellls-
tt. car; sit., Jl; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business— Mr*. Dr. Farnham, the :
world-renowned sp'rltual medium: advice In
all affairs In Ttfe: Iiwsuits. divorces, deaths;
unites the F»oa rat«*<l : mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve.: letters answered.
Residence (no signs). 53 McAllister st.
MLLE. M. WILI.E of Paris, clairvoyant,
peance. business medium: speaks French,
German, English; from 9 to 8, COc. 215 Leav-
enworth St.
MRP. HUBRARD. 1C9 Oak— Circles Tuesday
and Friday. 8 p. m. : 'Wednesday, 2:30 p. m.,
10c: readings dally. 50c.
JOHN PLATER — Circles ICc. Mon. & Frl. eves..
8:15; "Wed. afternoon, 2:45: sittings dally. 19
io 4. except Sun. 1SD5 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. S03 T.arkin
St.: tel. Howard 27J1: hours 1Q.R. m. to 6 p. m.
EDWARD EARLE. 32* Ellis St.— Readings
dally; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MISS DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 1027^
Market Ft., room 9.
MRS. LESTER. 14S Sixth *t., mi. ]2; circle
every evening, 10c: sittings daily. 25c and GOe.
SEE "Watson, celebrated nalmlFt and clairvoy-
ant. 1073 MarUPt st. : full reading. 50c.
KATIF HF.irPSMANX. 106 West Mission St.,
. nr. 13th-^Circle Fri. eve.. I5c: sittings dally.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Mever: slttfrr'* dill*-: t»«t tn nil to-nltrht: 10c. |
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant nnd business medium, permanently j
located pp 17 Third St.. next Examiner bids. She j
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de- '
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and prctrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or nrt satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable privice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS.
10C0 Callers Since May 1st. -
Xaaman. Russian seer, medium, palmist and !
advisor, tell? your name, what you called for. |
cures your disease cr anything you want to
know; no charp.es in advance; satisfaction guar-
anteed: develop* mediums In 2 months; teaches ¦
palmistry, clairvryanry; hours 9 a. m. to 3 I
p. in.; readings by mail. 326 O'Farrell Et. j
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance j
medium, is permanently located at 12C6 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 23 and I
IC: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guaran- j
teed by mall: send ptamp for pamphlet with |
special terms. Dally and Sunday. ;
. ¦ _ i
MME. PORTER; wonderful clairvoyant & card I
reader, born with double veil— second sight; j
diaRncses dlseace with life reading: ladles 50c, j
gents ji : jialm. and clalr. sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk. |
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past ;
; and future; nf>ver fails: lias the greatest Etjyp- j
: tian s<v;ret: shows picture of future husband '
' I cr wife; 23c np; satisfaction to everybody: j
' 1 cures diseases by Sympathy. 233>C Sixth st. j
Mrs. D,r. Saylor, nveen o' clairvoyants & palm-
ists: r.?mps a::u dates: I«. 2.'.c: G. 50c: mail ?1.
VAV.'i Market, op. Van Ncfs: tel Mint 1095^
' FREE U-Fts for 3 days— Mine. Sander«. 127 Ma-
son St.. medium, palrr.ist: teaches mind teleg-
raphy : ail vice rn al! busin' 1 '!": hours 12 to 8.
ISMAR. th? Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, T>ermar!»ntl>.- located 1HS Market, op. I
Cth: private readings flatly. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. J
M1IE. T.IOXTAlTFE.~Tlairvpyant and pa'.mlst.
gives nampf, facts, dates: satisfaction by mail;
t inclcse ftanip. 1CS2 Markot. oji. Odd Fellows.
KNOW your rate: Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
fells: readlrjgs. tiOc. 32C3 Mission tt.. cor. Sth.
r CLAIRVOYANT, rrjineral psychometriEt. palm-
ist and card reading, t'.c. 12-JlVi Market st.
. MME WALTF.RS. great ccnl reader: ladles 25c;
Rents iOp. SZ1 MiFsion. nr. €th; open Sundays.
\ MRS. BROWN. clalrvcj^nTanii" card~rca-Jcr;
k ladles. 2oc: Rer.ts. JOc. 1S2 Sixth ?t.
! MFSMAR Is the Great fortune teller of this
'. '•Hy for r>eace of mind. n.'i2 Mission <?t. "¦
. MRS MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
raador. 11. Cth:German spoken ;tel. Howard ISlQ.
> MME. SC'IAFFKR. <:alrvoyant, card reader;
" fittings daily. 448>,i Jesrie St., bet.' 5th and 6th.
MMH. AUGUST. "Clalrr-oyant, card reader and i
palmistry; truth or mi pay* 25c. 1M!> Mission.
. MME. RAVENNA rep.d«< life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. . 5 T"n»irth ?>t.
- CARPET HEATI.\G AXI) cEl3AXI.\<n
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
» fend to SPAULUING'S pionoer Carpet-Ueat-
" ing Works. K3-S57 Tfhama >st.: lei. South 40.-
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
1 tel. Main 354. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
! RUDOLPH i CO., carptt-beatlng works: prices
rcasonabie. 1703 Harrison: tel. Howard 2351.
'• JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 10C1. i
- SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister Ft.: phone South 14a
o CITY Ste*m Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth st. ; tel. South 250.
!. J. E. MITCHELL Car]wt-E»ating nnd Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth Et. : tel. Mission 74.
6 CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944.
n CONKIJN'S Car;i?t-H(«atlng Works. 333~(Jolden
Cate arc; 'telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, .chil-
blains; palnlegs cure. Dr/ Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORG^wTlcELI/rT^gency^No charge un-
le as successful. Room 810, 817 'Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC,'S09 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
.without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 50 up: 'plates, extractions free. S4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. .T, W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.
A-NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
¦warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings,
EOc; plates. J5: full set; all. work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth., make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices. Office
1141 Polk ft., corner Putter: open Sundays.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly. Installments: lowest rates. ¦
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.SlaHGeary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction EOc: plates $5 up;phonePolkllS5.
DR. H. Q. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg. -
LOWEST nrlces In S. F. Painless extraction,
SCc. X. Y. Dentists. %3 Mission st, cor. 6th.
VAN VKOOM— "Paln'ess"; evenings and. Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
EF.T of t°eth without plate. DR. H. O.
i-r»T-vrs. i?4i folk Ft.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTR E S SB S
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDHCATIOXXl.
] GATCL^GinER^MAR^H^C^Il^sXT^aTrotrbldi;.—
! Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher* of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing tnu^hl; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. 550; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.: day
& night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc. ;„ life scholarship. $">0: Individual
Instruction; positions secured: catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell St.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mlnIng,mech.,Fur-
¦ vey, assay, cyanide : day. eve. ; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only SCO. San Fran-
clsco Business College, 1238 Market Et.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping: figures: short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
PROF. L. MERKI, successful teacher of violin.
mandolin and guitar. 100S Mission st., nr. 6th.
M«n«on. School Shorthand. T^ninT.Pnokkeeplr.g.
Spanish. 1.77 Montgomery. E. M. Carpenter.pr.
ARITHMETIC. booUVeeplng. Frrnmmar.wrltlng.
etc.; day or rve. : $5 mo. 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electrlc-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blend & constitutional d!«»ase*.
Prs. K. R- KVk F.loptrlc S*t*>'»arlum. R M^snn.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co. — Thoroughly re-
liable; best help 6ent short notice: competent
men. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkln x 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cook«. waiters and l.ouse servants. GEO.
AOKI &¦ CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Omce-^Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sautter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning and employ-
ment: all kinds help. 104f Sutter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice: all kinds help. .*lii Stockton: t Maln 51SS.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— 3 Scandinavian second girls; best
of city reference. Apply to J. F. CROSSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter street. ¦
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do house-
work or as housekeeper; good plain cook; $15
a month: no objection city or country. Box
3572. Call office. >
ALL-AROUND cook and help; can take chef's
place or full charge of kitchen; English.
French or German cook; first-class pastry;
first-class hotel reference. 242 Natoma st.
WOMAN wants a position as general house-
work; city or country: moderate wages. Call
I at store 1O."5 Howard, bet. Sixth and Seventh. ,
YOUNG woman wants position as working
housekeeper In hotel or rooming-house or for
widower with small family. ' Box 3569, Call.
WOMAN wishes to do washing; $1 10 per day.
! 119!£ Leavenworth St.. rear.
i GERMAN woman wishes work by day house-
j cleaning. 1116 Mission st.
A RESPECTABLE girl wishes a position as
cook, housekeeper or general housework; city
or country: moderate wages; references. Call
Monday 4r6 Tehama St., bet. 5th and 6th.
A REFINED colored woman, thoroughly com-
petent as nurse, wishes situation to wait on
doctor or doctress; either private or institute;
city references. Box S669, Call office.
i WANTED— In Oakland, by a reliable girl, a
! place as nurseeirl or light second work; ref-
erences. MISS LUCETTA, station B, East
! Oakland. -
! EXPERIENCED lady wishes petition to care
j for baby or child. Call between 6 and 7
¦ o'clock p. m., room W, 122 Taylor st.
YOUNG German woman wishes to work by the
I day: washing or housework. Please call at
i 17 Minna St.
! A GOOD lady will go out by the day; washing.
Ironing and house cleaning; .wages ?1. MRS.
BOXWAY, 1412 Mason st.
CHEF cook and wife want work In summer re-
sort or hotel; wife as housekeeper; white, so-
! ber and reliable. Address box 3507, Call.
j TWO experienced nurses would like the care
of an invalid or insane person. Box 3651,
! Call office.
JAPANESE honest, faithful girl wants faltua-
tion in family as houseworker or plain ctok-
ing; reference. 3ox 3K9. Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes position as housekeeper.
Call S27A Howard ft., rocm 3.
YOUNG lady wants position as housekeeper.
Roflm 15, S27A Howard st.
A WOMAN wants to assist in housework by
tha week at 50c a day. Bex 3561. Call office.
LADY wishes tc take In plain sewing or go
; out by the day. Call 1136 Howard st.
. PLAIN' sowing and gents' mending at home.
I ir,0 Fourth St.. rocm 7.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., n»ar Mar-
ket— 2C0 rooms: i25c to Jl f.O per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
; CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. ' received at Call branch office. 2300 Fillmore.
; A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. . - ,
I _ I .M. _¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— A situation by a middle-aged man
1 to Go general housework or general choring,
; -gardener or carpenter; . best references. L.
L. NYLANDER. 6S1 Sacramento st.
I MIDDLE-AGED, experienced man. familiar
. ¦ with city, wants to drive or take care of 1
or 2 horses. Box 3571. Call office.
s _ .
STRONG young man, willing to do anything,
; would like situation to work evenings. Box
3573, Call office.
COMPETENT middle-aged man wishes em-
ployment; all-around man; handy with tools,
horses and garden; can also nurse.' Address
1 box 3«9. Call office.
• YOUNG man desires position as hotel clerk;
some hotel experience; references. Box 3365
, Call office.
. BARTENDER wishes steady place;" city or
country. Biz, 1114 Harrison st.
. EXPERIENCED cutter on ladies' cloaks and
suits wishes a position ln'city. Box 3558, Call.
. GOOD cook, meat and pastry: hotel or restau-
rant; country preferred. | Box 3633. Call office.
I YOUNG man wants position In wholesale dry
goods and gents' furnishgs. 100SV4 Market, r. 4.
- FIRST-CLASS chef would like position In res-
taurant or lunch counter (non union). . Ap-
ply C. F. K., 62 Clara st., next to grocery.
l CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 20. NEW flats. 6 new houses—
; 5 r. ; 416 Clayton.. $21 8 r.; new; 1180 Ellis. $40
6 r.; new; 5G9 O'Far- 8 r.; new; 2414 Van-
rel S5 Ness -•• «
8 r.; 648/Jessie. 10 6 r.; 1105 Page 19
6 r.; fine; 3616 16th. 20 6 r.; 3 Pine pi.. "
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st._
SUNNY flat. C rooms and bath: newly painted
and papered; rent $20. 846 Folsom St.. be- _
tween ffourth and Fifth. - ¦
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms in good condition; $10.
- 112 Perry st., near Third.
APPLY Sutter, 2300-MS sunny rooms; appreciated j
if seen; $22 SO; water free; please investigate.
A FLAT ot 5 rooms; rent cheap. At 9 Boyd
st., between Seventh and Eighth. ¦ \ .
A CORNER flat of 8 rooms and bath. 1506
Fulton st. ')
ELEGANT furnished flat for sale, 4 rooms and
bath. 411 Ellis at. ¦ '
FEW steps from City Hall, 2 fine flats, 5
rooms and bath. 10 Grove st.
459B Halght, nr Fillmore; flat of four sunny
rooms, yard and basement: $12.
SUNNY flat; B rooms, bath. 16 Metcalf place,
off Geary, between Mason and Taylor.
SUNNY lower; 6 rooms and bath; sanitary
plumbing; rent $25. 945 Hayes st.
UPPER flat of 4 rooms. 4C3 Oak st., corner
Lacuna.
WALLER, 609, near Pierce— Fino sunny upper
flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent $40; water free.
$20— Center Mission warm belt: modern lower
five-roomed flat; yard. 3438 20th, nr. Howard.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
SUNNY* upper~flat on Oak St., near Ashbury;
rent $40 to responsible party. Box 3602. Call.
ELEGANT furnished flat, 5 rooms, bath. 1221
Laguna st. corner Ellis.
FUaXITURE FOR SALE.
ELEGANT furniture 7-room flat; carpets, large
mirrors, valuable paintings and statuary.
Box 2C57, Call. ' . . ¦ '
4 ROOMS furnished in cak. $48 50, with No. 7
range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOUR-room flat complete at" a bargain. 521
Franklin st. . ' '
7 ROOMS brand new furniture for sale. 807
Valencia st. •
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys furniture,' ¦
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 928 Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT, -773 Mission st.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent,1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 694; ,
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market Et. : tel. 761 Jessie.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S....104 Geary at. |
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses, same springs, start Monday.. $20
2 waitresses, springs, see party here $20
2 waitresses, Lake County, fare paid $2)
Waitress and chambermaid to wait,
springs - $23
Chambermaid to wait, mountain resort,
fare paid $25
20 waitresses, commercial and city hotels
$20 and $25 .
5 cooks, resort and country hotels.... $35, $15
Pantry woman, watering resort $25
Ironers, manglers and Inexperienced help..
„ ...$25 and $15
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Ranch cook. Oregon. $38 and fare paid; pri-
vate family cook, Santa Barbara, $25 and
fare paid: 10 places for cooks and housegirls.
different parts of the State, $20 and $.5;
cooks, housegirls, second girls, nurseglrls,
city. $10, $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— PANTRY WOMAN] watering resort. $15 ;
mil to-day (Sunday). C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. |
A-3 WAITRESSES, springs. Lake County,
fare paid; call to-day (Sunday): start Mon-
day. C. R.. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, first-class springs, $20, free fare
both ways; 3 waitresses, Santa Cruz, $20; 2
waitresses. Lake Tahoe, $20. free fare; 12
waitresses, city and country hotels, $20 and
$25; pantry girl. $20, Lake Tahoe, free fare;
chambermaid, country. $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT .....'.....
Mother and daughter for small family, coun-
try. $35. fare paid; cook, country. $30. fare
paid; many choice places, houseworlr, $20 to
$25. ¦ - * . — -.-.
MRS. M. E. DAY '. 335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12
—Waitresses, country hotels and springs. $20.
WANTED— Ladies to travel; salary $1S a week,
; all expenses: no canvassing; experience un-
necessary; $25 cash security required. Call
at Florence Hotel. 102 Ellis st-t KNAPP CO.
NEAT young girl to assist in housework: 4
' • in family: waeres $20. Call between 9 and 12
a. m. at 1307 Waller st.
WOMAN to do general housework; must bo
1 good cook; 2 in family; wages $20. 1153
O'Farrell st.
REFINED lady to take care infant. Call
with references after 3 p. m. 2593 Howard.
.WANTED— Waitress for new mechanics' ho-
i r tel. 441 Brannan gt. *
: WOMAN for washing' and Ironing. Call at
1S13 Lacuna Et. to-day.
¦ GIRL to help In bakery: also an experienced
one. 3150 Twenty-second St.. near Mission.
¦ GTRL to assist In light housework. Apply
Monday at 4 Oakwood St., off Eighteenth.
• WANTED-Glrl for light housework. 9161s
' O'Farrell street.
; NEAT young girl for upstairs work .and sew-
ing. 2520 Vallejo street.
! WANTED— Good first-class waitress at 304
i Mason ,et. ; wages $8 a week.
' EXPERIENCED waitress wanted; $8 a week.
People's Restaurant, 631 Clay st.
' GOOD position for girl; not under 20. Call
. et office. 17 Grant ave.
WANTED— 2 first-class lady Ironers; one of
\ them must be be able to run shirt machine;
; wages, ironer. $30 and found; polisher. $35
and found. N. JOENSEN. Woodland, Cal.
[ EXPERIENCED shirt and overall operators;
; best prices. HEYNEMANN & CO., 410Vi Mls-
" Eion st. _^ '
' WASTED- Milliner or dressmaker who has
owned her own business and who wishes to
better herself. Box 3£66, Call.
" OPERATORS wanted at Levi Strauss & Co." a
overall factory, C2Vi Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
; GIRL tor general housework; wages $"0 p?r
month. 400 Geneva ave., opp. S. F. & S. M.
1 new carhouse.
" A YOUNG srlrl to care for two children; call
\ Sunday and Monday. 1S16 Baker st.
WANTED— First-class laundress. 117 Corbett
ave., S. F. . '
FIVISHERS wanted on pants: steady work.
HENRY HILP, 103 Battery st.
WANTED— Young lady to attend shooting gal-
" lery. S23 Pacilic st. —
FIRST-CLASS operators on vests. BELASCO-
!' , HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
YOUNG girl wanted to learn dressmaking at
" MME. NELSON'S, 1017 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests. BELASCO-
" ' HARRIS CO.. S41 Market st.
o APPRENTICE for halrdressing at G. LED-
s EREK'S, 122 Stockton st.
GIRL 14 to 16 years" to assist housework in
s family. Box 3623. Call office. _;
- CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
t . received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
0 — — ¦—¦ — — — i iii .
. HELP AVANTEp-MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary Et.
n FOR NEW RAILROAD WORK
; ( E0 teamsters, ship to-night, free farc.Truckee
„ CO laborers, ship to-night, free fare....Truckea
- 100 tnnnelmen. drillrrs 'and muckers.. $2, ?2 SO
r For Chatsworth Park. .Ship to-night, free fare
TO laborers, ballasting track. Coast road
- Laborers.' Santa Barbara and L. A. divisions
'• Ship to-night Free Fare Ship to-night
- - 50 teamsters, ship dally, free fare Uklah
" EG laborers, ship dally, free fare Uklah
'¦ Four six-horse teamsters to haul - grain,.
$1 SO a day and board: 10 laborers for brick-
yard, country, $2 a day: 6 asphalt: miners, $2
:; a day and board: 10 teamsters for an orchard,
i, $2G and board;. farmer and wife, $40; 6 labor-
ers for coal mine, $2 a day; 6 railroad section
- hands. $1 70 a day; blacksmiths. $2 50 and $3:
ir screwturner. $45;. 6 lumber pllers.j $35. for
country sawmill; ranch foreman, $35; farmers,
"j milkers, choremen and others. >
. a ;.........;: HOTEL DEPARTMENT
J; Cook, country hotel. $o0; lunchman,' city. $40;
i_ . waffleman, ; country hotel, $40: second cooks,
, fryers and broilers, $60 -to $70; potwasher.
Z country hotel, $35 and fare' paid; vegetable-"
y man, springs, $20 and fare advanced; pantry -
l,, man, summer resort. $25; 10 • dishwashers,
- - potwashers and kitchen hands. $25. and $30:
i- waiter, country club. $45; omnibus, country
>- hotel, $25; - plain laundryman, hotel, $33. •¦
C.;R. HANSEN & CO....... 104 Geary st:
s A— HEAD porter for large hotel, $30. . C. R.
:. IIANSEN & CO., 104 Geary EL
HF.I,P WAIVTK'I— >''¦:" « ' ¦«¦' — ?*••*-
A— MURRAY & READY .Phone Main 5843
Leading Employment and:. I^abor Agents.
7 A. M. MONDAY
Railroad work. ...Free iaie We ship to-day
ICO laborers, S P R R Co.'s own work, Los
Angeles and Santa Barbara division.. free fare
60 teamsters and laborers, Ukiah free fare
MIXERS AND LABORERS..'........
For a new mine; see boss here to-day;o ma-
chine, miners 2 firemen $60; 3 furnacemen.
~ $42 and found; 10 laborers. $34 and found: all
for the same mine; 6 machine miners, $3 day:
15 muckers, $C0 and found; 10 laborers for
mine; ?2 50 day; 8 laborers, mine, $30 and
found; part fare paid; 175 laborers for differ-
ent mines, $1 75 to $2 50 day. Asphalt miners
—10 miners for asphalt mine. $60 and found:
see boss here; fare returned; 6 single hand
miners. $75; 10 quarrymen, fare 50c, steady
¦ Job ?co.
MECHANICAL HELP....
"Wagon maker and woodworker, country shop, .
$2 50 to $3 day; blacksmith, no shoeing, coun-
try shop, $3 day, see boss here to-day (Sun-
day); 10 carpenters for a new mill company,
$60 and found; 4 carpenters, country, $3 day:
6 ranch . carpenters, rough work, $40 and
found; 5 carpenters' helpers $40 and found;
i 5 blacksmiths, different country shops, $3 50,
$3 and $2 day; 4 ranch blacksmiths, $30 and
$60 p.nd found: 3 blacksmiths' helpers, safe-
maker, $2 50 day; carriage painter, country
shop; wood-turner and band sawyer, planing
mill. $3 day; handy man for boiler shop,
country,, $2 25 day; holder on, boiler shop,
country. $2 day.
MARRIED HELP...
- Farmer and wife, ranch, $1 fare, $50; man
and wife, harvesting crew, long Job, $30.
FARMS. HARVEST. DAIRIES.......
6 men to work In hay field, large ranch, near
city. $40 and found; header, wagon drivers
and loaders, $2 day and found; 1C5 men to
work In hay and harvest fields, etc., $1 25,
$160, $175 and $2 day and found; 15 ranch
teamsters. $30, $35 and $40; 4 teamsters, haul
hay, $40; 37 farm, orchard and vineyard
hands, $26, $30 and $35; 15 choremen and boys,
private places and ranches, $30 $25 and $20;
19 mllkem and butter-makers, $35 and $30.
SAWMILLS YARDS WOODS
10 more laborers for a new mill and lumber
company, no experience required, to work in
mills, yards and woods steady Job
>. $35 to $65 and found
Linemen and Jackscrewers for the wooda,
Sonoma County, $30 ar.d $35: crosscut sawyer,
free fare: men to work with donkey engine,
loggers, $10
WE PAY FARE,. 10 laborers, no experience,
for sawmill and \lumber company. $26 and
found, fare paid. \
Married teamster ror mine company.
MISCELLANEOUS
10 laborers, city, $27 50, board and lodeing;
150 laborers, city and country, $1 75 and $2
day; 5 teamsters, city. $32 50 and found; boys
for machine shop, $1 50 day; wood-choppers
for the mines, tools furnished.
Working foreman, vineyard and fruit ranch;
see boss here.
...BUTCHERS— HOTEL DEPT
Butcher, country shop.% near city. $30; all-
around butcher, 75c fare, easy Job, $30 and
found; 7 butchers, $30 to ?60; 2 waiters for a
mine, experience not necessary. $25; cook's
helper, mine. $30: 6 bakers, 9 cooks, laundry
help; waiters, country; porters, etc.
MURRAY & READY 631-636 Clay at.
CAMP cook, $55; second cook for camp, $40;
hotel cook, $50; restaurant cook. $12 60 week;
2 boarding-house cooks. $35 and $10; 2 dish-
washers for country. $20; tamale maker. $25:
bakers, bakers' helpers, bellboys, waiter* and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacra-
mento St.
SACK sewer for harvester, $2 60 day; boiler-
maker, 30c to 35c hour: ranch, butcher, $30
and found; farmers, $1 25 day; fruit picker,
$1 day; 2 farmers and wives, $40 and $50;
stableman for milkman, $30; stableman, coun-
try livery stable. $30; stableman, private fam-
ily. $30; boy for carpenter shop. $5 to $6
week; 4 milkers. $30 and $35: butter and cheese
maker. $.10, and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 62S Sacramento st. ¦ ¦
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
SS Third St.: Telephone Bush 405.
P0 railroad laborers $175 to $2 25 per day
Free Fare ...Free Fare Free Fare
8 lumber pilers, $35 to $45 per mo. and board
5 rough carpenters $2 60 per day
10 laborers, $14 per week; steady Job
10 men to ballast track $2 per day
5 bark peelers $-13 per month and board
4 laborers, city $175, beard at home
3 drillers. $2 25 per day; 2 teamsters, city
10 men for harvest fields $2 per day
Jilacksmith, country town. $3 50 per day
Butcher, country town
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12
—2 first-class pastry cooks. $75 and $60; bed-
maker. $9 a week; porter, $25; man for bowl-
Ing alley, sprlngs._$25.
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 323 Kearny St.,
wants carload of laborers for R. R. work,
free fare; £0 men a day for lumbar mills; 10
laborers for city.
: JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
; meets to-nlsht. S:30, 32 O'Farrell I. Less. Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers 1 International Union—
Free employment. 627 Market st.. room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
BARBERS. Attention!— The State Board of
! Barber Examiners are now In session daily
' at Emma Spreckels building, room 204. from
9 a. m. until 5 p. m. for the purpose of
issuing certiflcatps. in accordance with the
I law regulating the practice of bartering in
California, as passed at the session of the
last Legislature. P. W. DRAKE. Sec.
. WANTED for U. S. Army— Able-bodied un-
I married men between ages of 21 and 35; citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
• temperate habits, who can speak, read and
I write English. For Information apply to Re-
! cruiting Officer. 121 New Montgomery St.,
San Francisco. Cal.
s WANTED— Recruits fcr. the marine corps. U.
I S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the aces ot 21 and 33: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
1 inch, able to read and speak English. For
further Information apply to the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
I WANTED— 40 tall men tor the r.ro:Iuetlon cf
1 "Under Two Flags" at Columbia Thsater;
stage door this morning at 9:30.
: BARBERS, attention— A new Koken Anchor
1 , chair and outfit for sale cheap. Inquire to-
day at 319^ Ellis St.
' COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 21 Sutter st.
WANTED— Barber: steady work.' 237',4 Fifth.
' BOY in tin and plumbing shop as apprentice;
16. years. Apply 7 to 10 at 533 Mission st.
1 SAILORS, ordinary and green hands, for ships
at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED — An Icecream maker at GRUEN'-
HAGEN BROS., 20 Kearny St.
1 BUTCHER wanted. 342 Devlsadero st.. near
i Oak. '
: BOY - wanted about 17 years old. DECKEL-
j MAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
WANTED— Butchers and sausage makers: good
pay; permanent positions; no fee. 127 Mason.
I MIDDLE-AGED man for bedmaker at 614
Kearny St.; call 10 a. m.
i WANTED — Wagon blacksmith. 537 Brannan
) street.
. ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
i price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Young man between 18 and 20 in
fruit market. Apply 512 Valencia st.
WANTEJ3— Reliable young man with some
cash: J40 month: no experience. 496 Fourth.
*1 WANTED— First-class Italian barber, $15 a
week. Address box 3574. Call office.
t PORTER wanted for barber shop. /<> Market
street.
• WANTED — Poiter at California CaXe, 17-13
Powell St. • si
I WANTED— Men ot good business ability and
financial standing to take management of
specified territory. Pacific Coast, fcr Eastern
- ' commercial acency; cood salary. Apply room
614. Call building. San Francisco.
t WANTED— 23 young boys and girl3 . owning
donkeys or small Shetland poniPS to take
- ' part In "A Nisrlit at the Circus." Apply at
Central Theater to-day at 11 a. m. ; bring
. nnlir.alc.
¦ WANTED— Steady man to assist in' light,
gertepl work; will pay $18 to $20 per week:
r expi-rier.ee not necessary; must have $*50
cash. Apply 23 Geary st., room 1. •
" WANTED- Men of good business ability, well
8 . acquainted with city, to solicit for Eastern
~< commercial agency: good-paying positions.
; ¦ Apply rcom C14, Call building.
$3 PER day. steady work the year around, for
n competent tinner who understands roofing
• and iron pipe work. EDWARD HART, Gal-
lup, N. M. -
a WANTED— Bright boy from. 16 to IS years ol
nsc Apply frcftn 8 to 10 a. m. at HALE
0 r.ROS.. S7l» Market St.
WANTED— Fur cutter: young man; steady po-
, sitlon. Write full particulars to the Silver-
R field Fur Manufacturing" Co.. Portland. Or.
' WOMAN for light housework; good home. II
h willing to ' assist lady doctress; good pay;
k state age. Box 3CSC, Call office.
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman for city
'•¦ store; open evenings; permanent position.
." Box , 3330, I Call . office. . :
I. WANTED— Basters on coats. Apply at factors
- , ot S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
I: WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective As-
T eociatlon, foreman, second and third bread
j, bakers;. also confectioners: good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
,". UNDERPRESSER on pants. BELASCO-HAR-
,' RIS CO.. 541 Market St.
\ WANTED— 500 men to buy new. and 2rn!-hand
;" army phoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
', McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
•: hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st.
y —
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits tc
t. order. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny St.;
[. PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD tc CO.. attvs.,
: Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 316.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: $60
monthly paid our graduates: two months
completes: more calls for our barbers than
we can supply: tools presented; wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted: busy season now.
call or write for our special offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 63o Clay st.
ENTERPRISING man for outside position
with a prominent life insurance company;
city or country; liberal commission. Aoclress
H. W. KNOLL, 431 California st.. San Fran.
WANTED-Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House Proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; loO larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 fl> $2 per week.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 80S Market.
GET your shoe3 half-soled >jvhtle waiting; 23c
1 to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard at.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
• ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st. -' \ *.¦¦¦"¦¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
HORSES AXD AVAGOXS.
AN unusually fine park team, suitable for pri-
vate family; coal-black mares, age % and 7
years; weigh 1100 pounds each; also black
single mare, age 7 years, weight 1000 pounds,
height 15%. ride or drive, single or double.
Inquire 834 Devlsadero st.
«0 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcad-s Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 COWS: 6 horses; place can be rented If de-
sired. Inquire at E21 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— Horse and -phaeton- cheap. 1257
. Eighteenth ave couth; phone Ohio 32.
6 CHEAP horses for sale: suitable for country
ufc 43 Eighth St.. CARVILL MFG. CO.
40 HEAD work and driving horses. 721 How-
ard st.
A CAMPING wagon, harness and tent for
sale. 404 Jackson st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wacon. single: also light
camplntr waeon. for sale ch»ap. 532 Mission.
HORSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgomery
gt.. room 25. '
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE 7 rooms; rent $8. 9 Tay St., off Clay,
between Powell and Mason.
$11 — SUNNY house of 6 rooms and basement.
Key, 222S Geary st.
$45—9 rooms, large finished basement, large
yard. 1615 Bush st., near Franklin.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
COTTAGE of 8 rooms: 5 furnished complete
for housekeeping; rent $1S. 818 Church »t.
SUBURBAN HOUSES.
TO let— Furnished residence with large flower
garden and orchard; all in bearing; situated
on the Russian River. Box 3S73. Call.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— Fox terrier; strap attached; no tail.
Return to 44 Portola st., oft Waller, between
Stelner and Pierce; reward.
LOST— At Cliff House. June 16. a lady's gold
hunting-case Waltham watch and chain. Re-
turn to this office; reward.
LOST— A spotted pointer: license No. 1030; llb-
eral reward. H. DOHRMANN. 3300 Mission.
LOST— White bull terrier: ears cut. Return to
j Gayety saloon, 631 Pacific st. ; reward.
$15 REWARD for return of diamond pin to
6C7 Bryant st. ; no questions asked.
j Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolle,
I jeweler; 24S O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
MATK1MO.VIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies
send 10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 EI113
MATTRESSES AXD PILXOWS.
TO order, alaa cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 and 413 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421. Factory 318 & 320 11th st.
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others: the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no otber treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market.
HIXDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
troubles of male and female sexual organs;
treat yourself: be your own doctor; 4 months*
suppositorv treatment, $4; send stamp for
circulars. 1126 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give In-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market, ladles-
specialists ; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never falls: the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best cure; fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
DR. AND MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market, bet.
6th & 7th — Expert specialists; well known and
reliable; 23 yrs' experience; treatment guarn'd
to give instant relief from all female troubles,
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free.
I MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 26 yrs."
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any aliment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. POPPER, female specialist: no pills or
. medicine used. 1314 Devisadero St., nr. Geary.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all.
skin diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Th e Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
MIXES AXD MIXIXG.
MINING IMPROVEMENT.
This is a smelting works for roasttng ore and
then puttinsr it in bullion ready for market.
It can be built any place where there Is a
mine, and it can be built to heat with wood
coal or oil. I am now ready to make any
kind of barerain tf> build the smelter. MR
CHARLES BISHOP. 220 Oak st.
PARTY who holds group of eight located cop-
per claims would like to meet men with
small amount of money to develop them-
they are sure to work Into rich and paying
property. T. J. MAY. 63S Market st.
DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c, 5c and
10c per share: send for prospectus. Pacific
States Minins: and Investment Co.. 32G Post st.
MISCELLAXEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. :d- hand machinery^ Mc^
1KTO.SH & WOLPMA.v. 195-137 Fremont st.
EAKS. back bar?, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
•¦pcond-haml: we always have a large stock of
ealoor. outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can sh'p everything
In U hours. 3. NOONAN. 1017, 1019, 1021, 1023
Mission st.. ahov* Sixth: write for catalogue.
THOROUGHBRED collies. cocker spanlela
Great Danes anil St. Bernard papples. setters,
pointers, fox, Scotch, skye. spitz. Yorkshire,
silver ami bull terrier pups. Dachshund and
Japanese i>»ss at College Kennels. 113 Haight
Et. : phone Page 1472. « j.~
A— BUYS, yells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water p-pes. shaftings, pulley3.
etc. WH1TELAW. 218 Spear st.
A— $3.50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1.73. Popu-
lar Price Hattfrs^ 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10: ureas pants. J2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds
bought, sold, rented and exchanged. H. S.
WHITE. 616 Mission st.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. li. SMITH CO.. 12S Ellis st
FOR sale— 20 parrots from Central America; $3
each. S24 Greenwich st., near Powell.
SAFES— New ar.fi second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
$C4 MXGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chine $37 50. 109 Montgomery St.
L. SPARBER removed to 204 Mission St.: gaso-
Hne engines, lathe pulleys, shafting, belting.
CNE 4-horse -power Covey engine: one Vri-
¦ . horse-power Hercules; bargain. 910 Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE— -C<m.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HKR-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento gt.
ENGINES end boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's stee!
lined safe, perfect order. 218 California st.
GASOLINE engjnes. 2d-hand. and other raa.
chinery bought and sold. Epstein. a3S Mlss.on.
Gasoline or distillate englne^new ft 2d-hand:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 06 Bluxoaa*.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines \n<X
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portlind
Lean Office. 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving ;jlc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post «t.
MISCELIiAXEOUS WAXTS.
H LIPTON pays highest price for cast-oft
clothing. 7 Spring St., nr. Cal. : tel. Green 534.
TILTON wants 2nd-hand clothing.' especliUly
skirts, street dresses. 154 9th: tel. Folsom 25J2L
MOXEY TO LOAX. ~
A^IONEY~tTloan~aT^ateT~whica^veople :an
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do not
borrow of your friends or you will lose their
friendship; do business with strangers and
you will be better satisfied; no delay; no pab-
llcity. Rooms 9 and 10, 9C6 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
. 13 MORTGAGED
arid" you need more money, see H. MURPKY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates In probate,
undivided Interests In estates, second mcrt-
gages, etc ¦
ANY proposition, any amount: * per cent: Hiwt.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st flcor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN ft OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mortgages,
undivided Interest, real estate In probate;
mortgages and legacies bought: no delay? jet
my terms before- doing business elsewhere. R.
McCOLGAN 1 . 24 Montgomery St.. room 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at lcw-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Mar 1 set
st.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price f«r old gold, silver, diamonds
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jonei.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllisrer.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on eich
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
8% on furniture and pianos; $13 up; no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81, 8 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no lndorser required. S.
T. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastjrn
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
{1C0. 000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St., room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loan* and dlscourtsT
321 Parrot building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MOXEY WANTED. ~~
OUR clients demand we make loans for then,
and offer 8 per cent Interest upon flrst-cla**
securities only. West Coast Investment Ox,
Phelan building.
MUSICAL IXSTItUMEXTS.
$75 or Sico or $150 or J2C0 Is not too much to p xy
for a good second-hand piano— If you buy at
the right place. This Is the right place and
we have lots of good bargains to show; we
give the privilege of exchanging any plain
purchased frcm us for a Decker & Son at
any time within 5 years from date of pur-
chase and allow full amount paid.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS JVIL'SIC CO.. S63
Market st.
ALL, pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. .New upright pianos, $* per
month; some good pianos sold for S3. tt and
t3 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Suttsr
sts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
341 Post st., opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and ill
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE, 314 Post St.. between Stock-
ton and Powell.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tltia
within 3 years and full purchase price sl-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell St.: established 1850.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emir-
con, 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover, 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. $75. $123, $143. etc. : easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Farrell pt..
Chlckerlntr. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-placers.
BARGAINS— Clearance sale bargains; uprtsht
pianos. $75 and upward; Steinway, Knat>«.
Emerson. Hartman and others; squares M0
up. BRUENN. 2CS Post St.
PARTIES wishing to take advantage of our
sacrifice sale of high-grade pianos must call
before the 20th. THB J. DEWING CO..
Flood building.
BARGAINS — Fischer. Weber. Manner. Nugent,
Hallet & Davis; easy payments. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister et.
ALL makes: great barsrain list: $50 up: nr\tn
J2 up allowed. HEINE PIANO CO.. UT
Geary st.
NEW works put in your old piano; reasonable
prices. BYRON MAUZY'S factory, 308 Post.
NEW works put In your old piano. BYROM
MAUZY'S Factory. 208 Post St.
HIGHEST price allowed for your old piano 4 n
exchange. BYRON MAUZY'S. 308 Poet st.
LARGE 3-pedal upright piano; absolute sacri-
fice: leaving city. 127 Hyde st., near Turk.
AN upright piano: must be sold; owner leav-
ing. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
CLOSING cut stock of pianos; prices reduced
one-half. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood btdr.
LUDWIG pianos the most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. general agents. 933 Market st.
$3 PER mr»nth rents a beautiful piano. SCOTtN
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayea St.
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Geary St.. room 38.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Allister st.
AT WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market rt.. yea
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. IX.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac?.
.'13
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
BASEMENT to let with large bake oven; rent
$10. 10G Eleventh st.
EMMA SPRECKELS bulldlns. 927 Market st.--
Snnr'T o'flccs. SIS to $10: usual services.
OIL.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company:
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In nm
districts. Office. 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c: big advanc*
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co.. 326 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order: all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission »:.
i -. 5
OIL LANDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts of tb«
State. We can furnish you with lands in the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to invest in stocks of the leading a 1
companies call on us before going elsewh««-.
PHEA & PETERSON. 30t Examiner bu!ldin«.
3
PA1XTEUS AXD DECORATORS.
WE paper parlors or rooms from $3 up: {Mint-
ing done. 313 Third st. Hartman. Paint Co.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good rell-
abie work. Clark's. SOS Larkln: tel.Larkln 10«0
¦ Jl
PALMISTRY.
MRS. 1VM. M'MANUS. scientific palmist. Tei"
Blue 311. 10 to 5. Residence 731 Guerrero.
MME. GERMAIN E. the business palmist of
the Pacific Ccaat; 1 to S. 90S Market st. .
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 51$
Taylor rt.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
reading: lesson* In class and private. 617 Jon»«.
PARTXERS WASTED.
WANTED— A partner to manufacture cement,
lime, ready mixed mortar and building ma-
terlals; established business. Box 3678. Call.
PHYSIOGXOMY. ~~
SCIENTIFIC delineation of character by fac«I
or photo. Mary O. Stanton. 810 Leavenworth:
verbal read'g. $1; printed chart, i- 50; le>""»a.GRAND HOTEL.
C W Benedict & w, St.
Louis
H Demmick, Vallejo
R J Archer, Chicago
F F Tobbetts, Sacto
H G White, Oakland
G W Stephens, Hono
lulu
J H Rogers, Canada
C J Cressey, Modesto
M Frledberger, Stckn
W"J Young, Stockton
Dr J M Blodgett, Lodl
Dr J Styne, Tacoma
A L Darrow, S Dakota
W. Blackstock, Vntua.
C M Lawrence, La
A G Bemre & w, USA
F F Perrin, San Jose
Mrs V Haigh, 5 Rosa
C S Roray Jr & w, W
MlssE M Farman, NH
M D Fitch, Tacoma '
L M Fitch, Tacoma
W J Tinnln, Fresno •
J J.Stanley & w, Valo
W B Mitter. Stockton
G T Forsyth. w & sis,
I Santa Bafbara '
C A Storke, S Barbara
Mrs H Flndley, B C
I T Hesey, " Idaho '¦
Mrs McClothey, Sacto
Miss McClothey Sacto
C B Bell, Reno, Nev.
G W Towle, Towle
R H McClelland &w,
Nashville, Tenn. :'
R J Montgomery & w,
Nashville, Tenn.
B W Montgomery, Ten
F O Montgomery, Ten
Mrs G O Guy, Seattle
G H.Guy, Seattle
G Harris, Duluth
A G Campbell, Fortna
L B Provlnes, Healsbg
F K Howe, NY
Mrs LHelse, L Ang
A S Hammond, Mdford
L R Poundstone, Cal
C Moltzen, Pt Reyes
A C Hart, Sacto
F T Lewis & w, Colo
D A Shaw, Pasadena
A B Hotchkiss & w,
: Los. Angeles
W H "Wells, Napa
J S Craig, Woodland
M Blum, Vacaville
Dr H M Kler. Wdland
Abe Morris, Woodland
J Mash, Carters
E M Williams & w,
'Santa 'Rosa ' !
J Hannlgan, Willows
PALACE HOTEL.
F H Yost Stanford
E S Moulton. Riverside
C Czarra, ; Chicago
A M Mowry, Chicago '
C C Reynolds & w, Cal
A L Barker & w, Chg
W B Cllne & w, L Ang
Mrs A Cllne & maid,
Los Angeles . .
Mrs L S Mayer, Ptland
W J Ball, Cal
F W Ball, Cal
G Michael & w,- Mex
Mr & Mrs Judd, Ohio
MISS..W 8 Hill. Cal "
H Feehan, U S N
J E Chilberg. Seattle
Mrs C D Clark, Phoenx
Mrs J C Rankln, Ariz
W T Bacon & w. Conn
J F Stewart, Patterson
G Boyd, Patterson
A E Martin & w, Minn
J S de.BennevIlle Pa
Wn Seaman, U S N .
C E Doolittle. Colorado
P, J Glldermeister, Pa
C F Kohl & serv, Cal
R Robertson, S Crus;
F H- Brunett, N Y
C Olcotf & valet, N Y
Mrs C Olcott, NY
M H Bronsdon, Prvdno
F G Marens, Menlo Pk
H O - Marens,' Boston
HOTEIi ABRIVALS.
When a woman wants to prove her su
periority over a man she draws him into
an argument on religion. '
TWO MEN MUST ANSWEB
IN A ROBBERY CASE
Court Fines Father of a Defendant
for Complicity in Affair of
Bribery.
NAPA, June 16. — Julius Brox, a wood
chopper, who has been in the employ of
Joel A. Pedler at Trubody station, seven
miles north of this city, was robbed of $39
about a week ago. He charged Henry
Grigsby and Matt Clune with the crime.
These men were arrested, and the District
Attorney soon afterward accused John T.
Grigsby, father of one of the arrested
men, with having bribed Brox to leave
town and thereby prevent prosecution.
Brox was found at Vallejo and brought
back here.
' Yesterday he testified that he had been
given $40 by Clune on a promise not to
appear in court. Justice Palmer held both
defendants to answer before the Superior
Court and flxsd the bonds in each case
at $5000. John T. Grigsby, father of one
of the accused men. was fined $100 for
complicity in the bribery of Brox.
sian Church, 1715 Powell street, in honor
of the safe return of the Most Reverend
Bishop Tikhon of the Orthodox Greek-
Kussian church of North America. The
ceremonies were of an elaborate charac
ter. Bishop Tikhon, attired in full ponti
fical robes, was seated on hla throne and
assisted in the responses and Intonations.
The mass was celebrated by the Rev. Se
bastian Dabovich and the Rev. Fedor
Paschkofsky, assisted by Rev. John Sha
man. Ellas Jarosh was deacon and the
singing' of special music was by N.
Grifsky and Stepano Nichols. , The ser
vices were conducted in the Russian, Sla
vonian and Greek languages.
At the conclusion of the services Bishop
Tikhon was greeted by the members of
his flock, who* hold him In high esteem.
They expressed their gratification" that ho
was once more with them to direct their
spiritual destinies. In the evening the
services were repeated and the congrega
tions at both were large.
Elaborate Ceremonies Are Held at
. the Orthodox Greek-Russian
Church.
Spccial^services were held yesterday
morning at 10 o'clock at the Greek-Rus-
SERVICES IN HONOR OF .
BISHOP TIKHON'S RETTJUN
Northern California— Fair Monday; continued
warm; light variable winds, becoming brisk
westerly on the. coast.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday: warmer; light north
erly Wind.
Utah — Fair Monday: light northerly ¦ -wind.
.Arizona — Fair Monday; liffht westerly ¦wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Monday, becoming foggy, in the evening; light
northwest wind, becoming: brisk westerly in
the afternoon. G. II. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.,
The temperature has fallen along the imme
date coast of California and risen elsewhere
on the Pacific Slope. ¦ ¦
Conditions are favorable for fair nut some
what cloudy weather in California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, June 17. 1901:
A trough of low pressure .extends northward
from Southern Arizona through California and
Western Oregon. Areas of high pressure are
central over British Columbia and the Rocky
Mountain region.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over
Northern California, Northern Nevada and
Idaho; elsewhere west of the Rocky Mountains
it is mostly clear. Fog prevails along the
coast of Northern California.
THE COAST RECORD.
berlin boerse
still inactive
Eear and Distrust Mark
"Operations of Specu
lators.
Rumors Circulated That Many
Concerns Are Heavily •
Embarrassed.
BERLIN, June 16.— The Boerse had an
other black week. The Frankfurter Zei
tung says:
"Seldom have fear, distrust and anxiety
been as pronounced as during these days."
Busines Is at a standstill. The orders
for sales find few takers, and then at a
heavy loss from the quotations. Only- on
Friday and Saturday did trie market be
come somewhat firmer.
The week began with- tho crash of the
Dresden Credit Ansalt and the- Kummer
Electric Compa'ny, which owes 9,000,000
marks to the Dresden Credit Ansalt alone.
Rumors are in circulation to the effect
that a number of other electric concerns
and the banks supporting them in Dres
den, Berlin and Dantzlc are in serious
difficulties. The Dresden Society of Elec
tric Plants and Railroads seems heavily
involved.
Throughout the bears attacked all along
the line, bringing about greatly reduced
quotations, even for such strong societies
as Rombacher Minings. Following this
came the blue book on the Transvaal
Railroad, which caused a sensation in
Berlin, as it had been firmly believed that
the British Government would favor tho
German shareholders of the road.
Altogether, the Boerse situation during
the past week is one. that has only been
equaled in the worst. time, and it is Ken
erally thought that there will be no mark
ed improvement for a long time to come.
The bears particularly selected bank
shares for their attacks, and the securi
ties of every bank lost a number of points.
Tho only gleam of light in the week's
situation was the agreement of tho Boerso
committee favoring the abolishing of the
worst features of the present Boerse law,
but it is uncertain whether the Reichstag
will adopt' the report.
' LONDON, June 16.— The London Stock
Exchange was very slightly roused this
past week from its long continued leth
argy. The air is now cleared from the ef
fects of the recent American crisis, but
business still remains painfully dull. The
hesitancy of the last week la also largely
traceable to a desire for definite assurance
of the tangible developments in the South
African war. The depression accompany
ing the decline in gilt-edged securities has
seriously hampered the resources of many
of the strongest members of the Stock
Exchange, while it is whispered that some
banHs are even so Involved as a result of
the assistance rendered large operators,
that they are now unable to press for. a
settlement lest they precipitate a crisis
involving large Interests.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 16. 1001—5 p. m.
The following are the maximum tempera
tures reported from stations in California to
day:
Eureka 60, Mount Tamalpais 74, San Luis
Obispo $4, Red Bluff 92, Fresno 100, Los Ange
les so. Sacramento SS, Independence 86, San
Ptezo 65.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
ES; minimum,. 4S; mean, 53.
Weather Report.
THE S4^Sr FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 3 7, 1901.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
9
w E S u •« "a
STATIONS. | |g |||| |: ft
Astoria .:.... 29. SS 94 50 NW Cloudy 0
Baker 23.58 72 41 NW Cloudy 0
CTarson 29.92 78 40 W Cloudy 0
Eureka 60 52 • "VV Cloudy 0
Fre3no 29.78 100 fl4 NW Clear 0
Flagstaff 30.02 84 36 SW Clear 0
Pocatelln, Idaho.. 20. 94 76 42 XV Cloudy 0
Independence 29.78 8C 58 SW ' Cloudy 0
Los Angeles......". 29. SS 80 56 W Clear 0
Phoenix 29.74 102 62 NW Clear 0
Portland ....29.80 82 56 NW Clear . 0
Red Bluff.......... 29.82 92 63 SE Clear 0
Rcseburg 29. S6 84 52 N Clear 0
Sacramento 29.84 88 64 SW Cloudy 0
Salt' Lake .» 23.92 82 E2 NE Clear 0
San Francisco 29.94 5<t 48 . W Cloudy 0
San Luis Obispo..29.92 84 44 R . Clear 0
San Diego 29.92 6G 60 W Clear 0
Seattle' 29.98 78 50 N Clear 0
Spokane -\ 30.02 In 44 SE Cloudy 0
N«ah Bay 30.04 62 45 E Clear 0
tValla Walla 29.96 80 50 / N Clear 0
Wlnnemucca ..*..29.S4 80 50 W Cloudy 0
Vuma 29.74 100 64 W Clear 0
w E S u •« "a
STATIONS. | |g |||| |: ft
Astoria .:.... 29. SS 94 50 NW Cloudy 0
Baker 23.58 72 41 NW Cloudy 0
CTarson 29.92 78 40 W Cloudy 0
Eureka 60 52 • "VV Cloudy 0
Fre3no 29.78 100 fl4 NW Clear 0
Flagstaff 30.02 84 36 SW Clear 0
Pocatelln, Idaho.. 20. 94 76 42 XV Cloudy 0
Independence 29.78 8C 58 SW ' Cloudy 0
Los Angeles......". 29. SS 80 56 W Clear 0
Phoenix 29.74 102 62 NW Clear 0
Portland ....29.80 82 56 NW Clear . 0
Red Bluff.......... 29.82 92 63 SE Clear 0
Rcseburg 29. S6 84 52 N Clear 0
Sacramento 29.84 88 64 SW Cloudy 0
Salt' Lake .» 23.92 82 E2 NE Clear 0
San Francisco 29.94 5<t 48 . W Cloudy 0
San Luis Obispo..29.92 84 44 R . Clear 0
San Diego 29.92 6G 60 W Clear 0
Seattle' 29.98 78 50 N Clear 0
Spokane -\ 30.02 In 44 SE Cloudy 0
N«ah Bay 30.04 62 45 E Clear 0
tValla Walla 29.96 80 50 / N Clear 0
Wlnnemucca ..*..29.S4 80 50 W Cloudy 0
Vuma 29.74 100 64 W Clear 0
Round ( trip tickets at ¦ reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First. . • ¦ .'
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe ¦ (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.' ¦»•¦•. :
HS HONGKONG MARTJ.Saturday, Juns 22, 1901
BS. NIPPON MARU.. .Wednesday, July 17. J901
6S. AMERICA MARU.. Saturday. Aug. 10, 1901
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
j 27 and 2» Fifth »t. TeL South 167.
IUKEBAL DIRECTOaj AND EMBAVKSll
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
AlcAUOV; •«? O— '..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEHS,
11239 Market St., between 8th and 9_'
;;•>• Telephone South 247. "
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To .Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard-street, wharf No. -3, .12 m. ¦ ,..-.:
COLOMBIA ....June 181 AREQUIPA .... July —
TUCAPEL :..... June 27ILIMARI. ..::.... July —
.These steamers are built, expressly for Cen-
tral ' and South American ..passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office.' 316 California street.
• B ALFOUR, GUTHRIE A CO., Qen. Accnts.
jambs McGinn,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy -St., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576. ¦
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMHALMEUS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
C0MPAONIK GENERALS TBAN3ATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO j HAVRE-PARIS ***>**.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of «f%fi_i
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, f
North ' River, foot of Morton street, *L'AquI-
talne, June 20; La Bretagne, June 27: La Cham-
pagne, July 4; La- Gascogne. ' July 11..
First class to Havre, $.13 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson : building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad . Ticket Agents.
•Twin . Screw Express Steamers. ;-
J. D. SPBECXELS & BROS. CO., General Agents, 327 Market St
Gea'l Passsngsr Office, 643 Harkst St., Pisr Xs. 7. Pacific St
SS. SONOMA (via Honolulu) for Samoa.
New: Zealand and Australia..............
*/.;..¦...:.. ......Thursday,' June 20, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti...
• ........... .Wednesday. June 26. 10 a. m.
SS. ZE ALANDI A (Honolulu only)
: Saturday June 23. 2 p. m.
oeeaiiics.S£o. SSa
-^£___H_k_»^Vr?ciS:
Se «o "l r* iJ r «;U nea L Market: 700 rooms;
-i^-_____Jg^n Q J t ? ro t m _, Eg?
U^^ K kI^n n^ Ord * r fl ™ genuine
rant ovwo»£' ?," e dres ? «" Jits . *» »n: ele-
o" 1 dolb^ 1 4 TOn J^£ inirle - thr^-quarter
-i-__Mii2£!|^^^
Y^ 4^^v^
_51«fflSK
L S D KRA^S"7 lt^ m . a(1 * t0 ordw : reasonable.
Ladies' Tailor. 220 Powell st.
Mi. fit Clothing p a n or . cor> Bush and Diipont.
JS£»K£?_S =»\ B <ph: hours 2 to 3. e*-
¦ ' "' and Sat -= elt-ctrolysls; 17 years' exr*r.
!__gjg^EN i Kn n Lr iF^fir^ 8
A hIl l r^)? 1S E -mian Honna: restores gray
_nalr to its natural color: $1: at all druggists:
i "Aunn-?^ r>E ume!1 - P la >' ***>»«. **«•:
orders._GOI.DSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
B S55!r~2E? h ; alr * n<1 ™le* destroyed with
( -* lect "f "<*di*. MIgS EATON. 1U9 Sutter st.
n Palnt - the »«
?{& < 1_&£ »ONM- LL-Offlce and residence.
l'.i Market ft., between Sixth and Seventh.
?2^S C £SPii5_ C ' herb doctor, successful y
t£t?i\t i , dUeaw ' cf th< * human body: see
_ testimonials at office. 1^-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst: many who have suffered SO to 30 year*-
over nrty narres of prominent business men
writ as rrterence: no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for Bale.
£m_*2*£! «"' dr<%s s Thyslcian. box 1950, Cal!
"-__L_ : _ ATK CVFY — Vt)lt SALE.
EAETON. ELDniDGE"&~CO.. "
CSS MARKET STREE"T.
BARGAINS KNAPS
ESTATES FORECI/SSURES'
ALL MfST BE SOLDS
AUCTION!
• •• - AUCTION!
AUCTION!
TUESDAY... JUNE 1STIL 1901
At Our Salesroom. 12 O'clock M
CSS MARKET STREET.
ESTATE of ANGELIA R. SCOTT. DECEASED
FRANKLIN ST.-50-VARA LOT.
Corner Franklin and Sacramento sts.— A fult
f'-vara lot In the heart of the best residence
port*on cf the city: surroundr-d on all sides by
elegant homes: Improvements consist of an
f l«R8nt mansion of 12 rooms, which at a mod-
erate exoense can be brought up to dat?: sale
is made under Instructions of the executors of
the esSite and will be sold; convenient to car
lines: lot 127:6xi:7:SU feet.
POINT LOBOS AVE. BLOCK.
Half block, bounded by Point Loboa ave..
Twenty-eighth ave. and Clement st. — The
ehrewd tpeeulator to subdivide and sell will
realize handsomely; block 83:4x600x141 feet.
MIESION-ST. BUILDING LOT.
West side Mission st.. 1S5 feet south of ISth
Fine business lot on Mission st. ; If properly
Improved would pay handsomely on the money
invested; lot 25xS0 ft.
tTNIVERSITY HOMESTEAD LOT.
\Tost side Ion 100 feet south of Bacon
Four choice lots; must be sold; lot 100x120 feet.
SEVEN SHARES OF THE CAPITAL STOCK
OF THE CONCORDIA LAND CO.—
ESTATE OF ANGELIA R.
SCOTT, DECEASED.
ALSO
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS HOME.
North side (No. "942) Clay St., I79:2«4, feet
e»rt of First ave. — Fine larre residence of 9
rooms and bath; positively must be sold to the
*iigh<>£t bidder; lot I3xl27:S>4 feet; terms, half
ca>h.
TtVENTT-FOURTU-ST. COTTAGE.
South eide (No. 8321) Twenty-fourth et., 115
leet west of San Jose ave.— Fine cottage of 4
rooms; in first-class condition; lot 25x103 feet.
VAN NESS AVE. BUILDING I/3TS.
Eoutheeyt corner Van Ness ave. and Chestnut
ft. and -southeast corner Van Ness ave. and
Francisco et.— These lots are exceptionally fine,
commanding a magnificent marine view; level
and ready for building; street bltuminized :
roust be sold: corner lot 27:CxlC9 ft; Van Ness
ave. and Francisco st. corner. 3~:6x9S feet; in-
cide lots. 2Ss£7:6 feet.
MODERN "WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
Ncrr.h side (No. 2902) Bush St., S3 feet west of
Lyon— Large modern residence of eight rooms
and bath, with three finished rooms in the
baserr.ent; porcelain tubs, tiled mantels, etc.;
tunny. side cf rtreet; several car lines adjacent;
let 25x75 feet.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
Eart 6!de Sanchez st.. 76:6 feet south of
Twenty-eighth— Very desirable cite for a borne
cr email flats; lot 25x100 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE.
North fide <46) Merrltt St.. 577.66 feet west of
IJattle— A cozy cottace of 4 rooms and base-
ment; snort distance from Market St.: half
block from Eighteenth-st. electric cars; lot 25x
»0 feet.
For full particulars, terms of rale, etc, pro-
cure catalogues at our office and on the prop-
erty. . ___
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
C28 Market street.
ARE VOU LOOKING FOR BARGAINS ?
These properties rrust be sold.
BmaT fiats renting for $336 per year: always
rcrted tf> good tenants and in good condition.
Price. J27. r ,0.
Lot <-n California Et.; very large, 30x100 feet.
Only STTjO.
Lot on Panhandle: $3000 refused for this lot
a rhort time «go: 25xl«7:6. Price. $2500.
The fiwner of these properties nas gone East
to remain and has given positive Instructions
to me to sell them, nnd I am determined to
carry «iut his Instructions. The properties will
j>ofeltlv«-ly be sold; somebody will get bargains;
why nrrt you?
HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market st.
J4.-.1 ONLY!— Large ch«>ap lot. DOxHO: 2 blocks
from oars; will keen family with chickens
and cotr- pure to improve in value; grand
view. CHAS. WILLMOTT. SIS Market St.
HAVE you a vacant lot to pell? I want to
build a home: state price end location of lot;
cash. Box S5C7. Call office.
NEW modern houses, 6 rooms, . bath : on Mont-
gomery ave.. near Leavenworth Ft. ; 52300. In-
Etailments fl'> monthly: take Hyde-et. car.
}«o W-ft— FTNE business property: flats and
stores: make an offer. Owner, box 3510. CalL
•2500— 5-HOOM cottage: latest improvements.
Apply 310 Jersey ft,, near Noe. -_
FOR f-alp— New cottage 4 rooms, bath, large
basement, near Union st. 3022 Pierce St.
IF vou have lots to *ell corth of the Park.
lr ,p n call nn W. J. OITNX. S30 California st.
REAL ESTATE- — COUNTRY For Sale
iriwCcRE home property; short walk from
rai'road depot; Alameda County: In a perfect
climatt; house, barn, etc.; fruits and vines;
beautiful surroundings: Al neighborhood: fine
sc*nerv- running water In front of the place;
p?f£»^uced £ $2000. H. H. CRANE. 508
California st.
CHEAP little home close to depot, in Alameda
Couotv; fruits, flowers, nice cottage; well
furnished: all for $1350; terms VO0 cash- tr-
ance U.r.g time; 6 per cent Interest. H. H.
CRANK, 5C8 California st. r
EAPGAIN— 117 acres good land; portion grow-
ing «u*er beets; fronts on main county road,
adjoining town of Pleasanton. Alameda Co.:
muFt b.? sold; bank price J4.» per acre: might
_ubdivi.le. H. H. CRANE. 5C8 California et.
FINE Etock farm of C20 acres near Marpville:
4S0 acre* wheat. 15 acres garden, berries and
fruits, balance summer fallowed; water right
2000 Inches of water goes with place; ditch
¦B-1I1 cover several thousand acres; water
right alone 'i* worth price asked for place:
this must be sold to close an estate: P"ce
ra an acre. Address box 476, Marysville.Kral.
EELMONT home site for Bale or exchange;
two blocks from R. R- station, orrnaUtor
ave.. San Mateo County. Apply C. P. Oib-
bons, KS Sanscme rt.. bet. 2. and 4 p. m.
BUY in Napa. County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion no lailure of crops; write us .'or free
copy "?r«" County Viticulture." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
tntltMt. C. n. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery! St.. rooms 0-19; tel. 55S0.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, . re-
palrcd; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND AVAKEHOVSES. •
P1ERCE-RODOLPH Storase~and~Movlng Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 0713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse.* 840 Mls-
slon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS5.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
tel. Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
par.y, ?320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 2S1.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
QR—lT'BABOAINSIlN^FEW^fTERi^-Wo
sell better machines for less money than any
house. In the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main EG6.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work in sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4SS5.
HARTFORD typewriters: new,' $60: anti-trust:
all makes; used machines, $10 up. 209Sandome.
SUMMER RESOUTS.
CAMP lots to sell or lease In Redwood range,
west of Gllroy; ocean views, fine scenery,
charming and healthful resorts; groves of
delightful Fhade; pure air and water. Ad-
dress box 232. Gllroy. Cal. . '
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 92 (20 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar PUnta-
tlon Company will be payable at tha office of
the company. S27 Market st., on and after
Thursday. June 20, 1901. Transfer books
will close on Thursday. June 13, 1901. at 3
¦ o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
ADVERTISEMENT~Offlce of the Chief En-
fflneer, Division of the Philippines, Manila,
P. 1.. March 1. 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila. P. I., will
be received at this office until' 11 o'clock a.
n>., August 1. 1S01, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done Includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap, 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry in breakwaters, about 5,000,-
000 cubic yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
hoad 4700 feet long. Dredging In mud. 8-ind
nnd shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
materials to be used for reclaiming lund.
Hlds must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) In gold.
One contract will be madt for the whole
work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of the amount bid. The right Is reserved to
••eject any or all bids. For speculations and
blank forma apply to this office, Uutvau of
Insular Affairs, Washington, D. C. ; United
States Engineer Offices at New York, Chi-
cago and San Francisco. JOHN 1SIDDLE,
Captain, Engineers.
~M_-_MBEMIEiT_"
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CHEFFERS— In this city. June 11, 1901. to the
wife of Charles H. Cheffers. a daughter.
PINTO— In this city, June 13. 1901, to the wife
of Joseph Pinto, a son.
_______ ___
ANDERSON-STAPLETON-In this city. June
13, 1901, by Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
'William Alexander Anderson and Lillie Pau-
line Stapleton, both of San Francisco.
OSTERLOH-MEYEK— In this city. June 16,
1901, at Central Methodist Episcopal Church,
by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller, Fred Oster-
loh of San Francisco and Carrie M. Meyer
of Oakland.
WARNER— KEIM— In this city, June 16, 190L
by Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, William Ed-
ward Warner and Ida May Keim, both of
Oakland. '
dieK
Bednawsld, Alexander Mullen, Thomas C.
Behre, Stephen W. Nansen, Johan N.
Conlan. James O'Prlen, Walter R.
Corrigan, Patrick Repp, Margarethe
Dawson. Stanley S. Rosenthal. Simeon
D'Or, Margaret Schmltz, Louis
Grunnagle, Mary L. Sheehan, Michael J.
Held, Emma G. Stangenberger, Ellz-
Jennings, Edward abeth M.
Lynch. Sarah Thompson, Theresa
MacDonald. Frank D. "Williams, Annie
McCurrie, John P.
BEDNAWSKI— In this city, June 14, 1901.
Alexander Bednawskl. a native of Poland,
aged 87 years 7 months and 5 days.
IGTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thlb day
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner of Fillmore and Fell
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
CemeteryS
BEHRE— In this city, June 16. 1901, Stephen
W. J.. dearly beloved and youngest son of
Ernest J. and Katio H. Behre. and brother
of Ernest and Bernlce Behre, and exandson of
Fred and Elizabeth Behre, a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 months and 19 days.
CONLAN— In this city, June 15. 1901, James
Conlan, an ex-Union soldier, a native of
Ireland, aged 60 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co., 313 O'Farrell street
Interment National Cemetery.
CORRIGAN— In this city, June 15, 1901, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Mary Corrlgan, and
father of May, Annie, Frank, Willie and
Gertrude Corrlsan, a native of Cross of
Gram, County Louth, Ireland, aged 43 years.
A member of Triumph Lodge No. 180, A. O.
U. W., and the Longshoremen's Protective
Association. (Cleveland, Ohio, papers please
copy.)
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of St. Mary's Hospital, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for tho repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAWSON— In this city, June 15, 1901. 'Stanley
' S., beloved son of George and Ella B. Daw-
eon, brother of Carl J. Dawson, and grand-
son of Martha S. Sherman, a native of San
Francisco, aged 15 years 11 months and 28
di«ys.
Funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Charles
• H. J. Truman & Co., 318 Mason street, be-
tween O'Farrell and Geary, t Interment pri-
vate.
D'OR— In this city. June 15, 1901, Margaret
d'Or, beloved mother of Marie, Ada and
Claude d'Or and Mrs. J. Laughlin, a native
of Newcastle, County Clare, Ireland, aged
66 years and 10 months.
' C7The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1115 McAllister street, thence to Sa-
cred Heart Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencins at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GRUNNAGLE— In this city, June 15. 1901, !
Mary L., beloved wife of G. L. Grunnagle.
and mother of Mrs. J. P. Scully and Lola
and Louis Gmnnagle, aged 46 years 4 months
and 15 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul. In-
terment private.
HELD— In this city. June 14, 1901, Emma
Georgina Held, beloved wife of Alfred Held,
and daughter of James and the late Mary
Igo, a native of San Francisco, aged 20
years.
(CFriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fuljy invited to attend- the funeral thla day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Churih for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JENNINGS— In Peking, China, Edward, dear-
ly beloved son of Winifred and the late John
Jennings, and brother of Delohlne and
Thomas Jennings and Mrs. Katheryne Dowle. '
Mrs. J. Norris, Mrs. Harrie McGurren and
the late Margaret Mattson, a native of Bal-
. tlmore.
(T_rThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the National
Cemetery, Presidio. Interment private.
LYNCH— In this city, June 15, 1901. Sarah, be-
loved wife of Edward Lynch, and mother of
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
ONE improved property in Oakland and one-
unimproved in Berkeley; no Incumbrance;'
value f2i')0 each: exchange for San Fran-
cisco improved or unimproved property: will
assume mortgage. A. S. PARE. 420 Mont-
gomery, room 20.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA KEAL I2STATI2.
I-STORY house for sale. 7 rooms and bath: 2
minutes' walk from Park-st. station. 2236
Encinal ave. :;";:•:'
ALAMEDA COTTAGES FOn SALE.
FOR tale— Modern cottage, 6 room?: bath; lot
50x150. U1S Mozart St.. Alameda. Mastlck stn.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FL'IIXITLUE KOH SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
IIOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ERADY. 41, off Market— 2 or 3 furnished house-
keeping rooms cheap; small family.
CALIFORNIA, 1527— Single, double and house-
keeping rooms; Pa?, bath, water; from $4 up.
CLARA, 152 — Five unfurnished rooms; ren^.
cheap.
CLEMENTINA, 327— Two well-furnished house-
keeping rooms for man and. wife; no other
roomers.
EDDY, 604 — Sunny corner suite of rooms and
kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
EDDY, 735— Kewly furnished sunny suites for
housekeeping; bath; gas ranges; reasonable.
EDDY, 875— Larce sunny room with use of
kitchen; everything new; $16.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished double parlors, kitchen
and bath, $20; 3 for $12; also single, $o up.
FULTON. SOS— Two funny housekeeping rooms;
coal Mot*: bath; gas; yard and basement.
Fl'LTON. 671—3 rooms furnished for house-
keeping', $13; also S rooms, $<.
ULEN PARK AVE., 5— Thre* unfurnished
sunny clean rooms: three closets.
JACKSON. Ji20. near Mason— Furnished large
rcH.m. crate; or housekeeping; $7 to $S; sin-
Jtl^J*;
McALLISTEIt. 696— Fine sunny parlors: kitchen,
yard, bath; smaller sunny suite; furn. rooms.
MINNA. HIVs— Bay-window housekepoing room,
$1 Ti per tWHjk^
MISSION. 1215^— Furnished housekeeping: com-
plete; no children; also single rooms.
MISSION. 2244, near ISth— Fine sunny rooms
for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
NINTH. Ill— Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
running water; rent reasonable.
NINTH, 133— Sunny furnished suite of rooms;
use of suitable for housekeeping.
OAK. 119— Larpe sunny front room furnished
for housekeeping; large closet; range $10.
PERRY. 1S2— 4 rooms and bath; $12.
POLK. 1002—3 and 5-room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
SIXTH. 123'i — Nicely furnished sunny* front
rooms with gas; cheap; house quiet.
SIXTH, 241— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 190—2 nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
TURK, 1211— One or two large unfurnished
rooms for housekeepins.
VALENCIA. 834>4— Sunny front room, connect-
ing kitchen, furnished complete; bath; rent
$12; no children.
VAN NESS. 232— Housekeeping rooms complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10&6
Valen?!a st.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Unfarn.
APARTMENTS en suite or single; splendid ap-
pointments; telephone on every floor; furni-
ture, carpets new, latest designs: breakfast
rooms top floor. Hotel Nouveau, 312 Stockton.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best Jl~a
day family hotel In city: polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14? Sixth-Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; SI 13 to $.". per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— MARKET, 1043A— Kicely furnished suites,
tH per month up; singles. J3 per month up.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM. 1123— A nice sunny room in a pri-
vate family.
GALT House, 1206 Market — Fur. rooms. Mr. &
Mrs. J. F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 730— Sunny double
front room; single room; $6; bath; private;
German.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan). 24 Turk st..
nr. Market — New building, elegantly furn.;
Just opened: strictly first class and up-to-date
in all appointments; inspection invited; must
be seen to be appreciated; 75c day and up;
I special rates by week or month; references.
HOTEL* FRANCISCO— Elegant suites: single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk and Taylor.
I HYDE, 2S3— Lovely large corner suites and
single rooms; private bath.
LARK IN, 707, near Ellis— Newly furnished
sunny front room, J6; private family; In
small flat.
LARKIN, 816A— Nicely furnished rooms, reason-
able prices: private house.
MARKET. 3015 (Xew Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms t2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private: bath; single rooms $10 up.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
M'CLELLAND, 200 Turk St.— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms; also transient.
METROPOLB, 6 Turk. cor. Market— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; 50c to $3 per day.
MOST delightful furnished apartments, in San
Francisco; new six-story stone building; elec-
tric elevator; every convenience. Hotel Gray-
stone. €6 Geary et. : steam heated.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POST, £17 (The EllisdelD-EIegantly furnished
rooms; single or en suite.
POST, 636 — Single front rooms, large parlor;
grate, running water, bath; board.
ROSKDALE House, 319-321 Ellis st.— Rooms
night. 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles', par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, S2 to
ti; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 4C9— Sunny furnished rooms; sin-
gle or en suite; from SI upward.
STOCKTON, 332— The Ottlngton— Few choice
suites and several small rooms; cheap.
THE Crocker, S15 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
*uhscrintlons has been established at 1096
30OIIS AND HOAHI).
AN exceptional table: pleasant rooms; good
service; popular rates. 807 California St.*
THE Roanoke. 808 Bush— Ntw house: newly
furnished: suites with bath: perfect Illumina-
tion; private dining apartment; elevator ser-
vice; cars to all parts of city within stone's
throw of door.
BERTLING, 736 Bush— Elegant sunny suites:
also single rooms; billiards for amusement of
guests; superior table; terms reasonable, .
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sun-'
1 ny suites or single rooms; private baths; ex-
cellent table and service. •
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home! — Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite and single,
with board.
HANDSOMELY -furnished sunny rooms with
board; use pailor. piano, phone. 850 Van Ness.
PINE. 1006 (The Victor) — New management;
thoroughly renov.: sunny suites, with board.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single: excellent cuisine.
ALMORA Hotel. Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
gantly furnished suites or single, with' board.
HOTEL Reneller. 7S1 Butter— Newly furn.;
excellent table: special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Lps Palmas. 1820 Market— Suites. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connoting: hoard optional.
IIOOMS WANTED.
ROOM and board wanted by young man In
German family. Box 3570, Call office.
AUCTION SALES
£g> AUCTION AT I!4) FOLSOH; £*>
TO-MOimOW.
TUESDAY, June IS. 11 a. m.. 20 good business
Horses. 17 Work and Drivers. 2 fast Pacers, 1
Handsome Shetland Pony and Trap. 30 sets
Harness, 50 styles of Buggies and Wagons;
' S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦»v Steamers leave Broadway
aw Wharf, San Francisco:
V4J5S-^. Kor Alaskan porls — 11 a. m..
l¥&if_*fc>. Ju " e *¦• 10 - i: > -°« - 5l M ' Ju!y
f**Ss*v?>k "• Chant* to compan)'*
E$\ Kii\tv»> tteamers at Seattle.
S*^S>i \*4 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
1 M**CS<S*4i r ->- rort Towns>en,l. Seattle.
i r^^SESM^M Taoomn. Kverett. Anasor*.**
and New Whatcora (Wa«h.>—
ii a. m.. June S, 10. 15. 20. !», M.
•July S, and ewry flfth day thereafter. Chan«w
• t Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tucsrua
lor N 1' Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. rn..
June I, 7. 11, IS. H. 2fi. July i. and every fifth
day thereafter. . . _ . _
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port I^os Angles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a, rr :
sterner Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cm*.
Monterev. San Simeon. Cayuccs. Port H^rfnru
'Pan Luis OWsdo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. Pan Pedro. East San Pe-
dro. "Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays.
For Knsenada. Ma*da'.ena Bay. San Jo*» d^l
Cube. Maiatlan. Altata. Ln Pax. Santa Rosa-
lia nnd Guaymns iMa.)- 10 a. m.. .th each
month.
For further information obtain company s
folders.
The company reserres th* right tn thane*
*t»nm*>rs>. sailing date* and hour* ot salllns
without r>T*vlous notle».~
TICKET OFKTOE-4 New ilontcom-ry
str^t (Palace HotH).
GOODALL. PEPKINS & CO.. Gen. AMnts.
• . 11 Market «t.. Pun Franeisrn.
. O. #?. & Af. CO.
Only Stonmihlp Iitne to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Ll-io from Poptlanri to nil
points Ennt. Through thketn tn nl!
points, nil rn?' *>r utemisMo nnd rail, n»
IiOWBST H.A.TKS.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERT.H ind ME AL3.
SS. COLUMBIA ".
¦ Sails June 22. July 2, 12, 22, August 1
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
....Palls June 17. 27. July 7. 17. 27, August 6
D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montgom'y.S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. SOHTIHMPrO!*. L0SD0N. PARI3L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Kvery Wednesday, 10 a. m.
et. Louis June 26 St. Paul August 7
St. Paul July 10 St. Louis ....August 14
St. Louis July 17 Philadelphia.. August 21
RED STAR- LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
•Vaderland June 23 Friesland July 17
Kensington July 3 Pennland July 2t
•Zeeland July 10 Southwark July 31
•Stop at Cherboure, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION" CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Paclflc Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
"QUEEN" x
Foa
ALASKA.
The PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CCX'S
Alaska Excursion Steamer QUEEN
Will Sail from San Francisco
WEDNESDAY, June 19, 11 a. m..
For SEATTLE and PORTS IN SOUTHEAST-
ERN ALASKA, including
GLACIER BAY.
TICKET OFFICE — 1 New Montgomery st.
' PANAMA a. R. S S P
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST.
Cabin, $105; Steerage*, $ 10.
6. S. Argyll - sails Suiday, duns 30
S. S. Leelanaw sails Mondiy, July 15
S. S. Argyll sails Al->nd-iv. Aug. 5
From Harrison-street Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Paclflc Coast Agent.
BAY AND EIVEE STEAMEES.
F^irriiAvn^
Steamers GEN. FRI3BIE or MONTICELLO
9:45 a.m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun- (
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves i
Vallejo 7 a, m., 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 -a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 15CS. Landing and of-
flce. pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH HRO3
• RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
~~~~ I Local ILim'd lOvrrdl Local
I Dally I » 1 Dally | Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
• • -Fresno... 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:05 a 10:CO p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:0« a
" Visalia ... 3:40 p 4:4S a
•• Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ,
•• Kens. C'y 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:13 p 9:00 p
a for mornlns- p for afternoon.
•9:00 am. train is the California Lim-
ited, leavlnc Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No 7 second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4-20 p. m- i« Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
8:C0p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers' and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago:
also Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives at 5:55-
p m. daily.
7:20 a. m. la Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Officer— $41 Market street and In Ferry
X)epot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
NORTH-PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
¦ Commencing April 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLE?
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 5:55. 8:30, »9:30, 11:00 a. m.,
12:45. *1:45. 3:15, 4:13, 5:15, •8:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael ¦ on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and'UUQ p.- _
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00, •9:00. »10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. .m., 12:45, *l:30. 2:30. »3:45, 5:00. 6:00, 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a.' m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. «
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. •
FROM 'SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25. 6:27. 7:47. 8:23, 10:13
a. m.. •12:25. 1:15. 2:20, •3:35. 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *8:00, 9:43, •11:00 a. m.. M2
m., 1:00, 2:15, *3:30. 4:30. *5:45. 6:43. 7:30, 10:10
p. m. .
Trains marked (?) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45, 7:55. 8:55, 19:30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45, 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. fc
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m., l'fo,
1:20, 2:3C, 3:45. 5:00, 6:15, 7:13, 10:30 p. m.
.-.. ,., THROUGH- TRAINS.
6:33 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ;
3:13 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomalea and way stations.
8 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and •way stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. ' .
: . • ' ¦ - ' ' '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
VI* SmmUm Parry— Foot of Varkct 3t.
lirt «'* ....WEEK DAYS..... $ *?? p - *•
8:00 a.m.") f 12:15 p. m.
9.-00 A. M. • 1:15 p m.
10:00 A.M. 1 SUNDAYS J 350p.m.
11:30 a. M. SUNDAYS........* 4:5Op
130 p.m. - I 5 JO p.m.
230 F. M.J I 7:10 P.m.
Fare. Su PrmaeiM* to Snramit tad Bstnrn. 11.48
ficket Offices. 6a Market St.. & Sansalito Perry.
Joseph and the late Edward and William
Lynch, a native of County Donegal. Ireland,
aged JO years and 3 months/
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Mcnday), at 9:43 o'clock, from the parlors
of J.' C O'Connor & Co.,' 767 Mission street,
thence to St^ Patrick's Church for services,
at 10 o'clock?' Interment Holy. Cross Ceme-
tery.
MacDONALD— In San Luis Obispo, Cal., June
14. 1901, Frank D. MacD6nald. dearly beloved
husband of Lulu MacDonald. and father of
Harry F. MacDonald, and brother of Agnes
MacDonald, r a native of Prince Edward
Island, a^ed 33 years.
McCURRIE— At Rose Marie Farm, Santa
Clara County. Cal.. June 16. -MOl, John P.
McCurrle. husband of Mary A. McCurrle.
and father of Charles H.. Matthew. Arthur,
Edward and Hugh McCurrie. a native of
Portsmouth, England, aged 79 years 5 months
and 16 days.
(ETNotice of funeral hereafter. ¦
MULLEN— In this city. June 15, 1901, Thomas
C. Mullen, a native ot Michigan, aged 60
years.
KANSEX— June 13, 190*. Johan N. Nansen, be-
loved son of Hans N. and Clcille M. Nansen.
and brother. of Peter. Jes, Grethcna, Chris-
tian and Maria. Nansan. a native of Harris,
Schleswlg, Germany, aged 27 years 2 months
and 6 days.
ITT* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen & Co., 228 McAllister street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— Entered into rest, June 16. 1901.
Walter Ray, dearly beloved son ot Walter J.
and Grace O'Brien, ased 1 year and 7
months. .
REPP~In this city. June 16, 1901, Margarethe
Repp, beloved wife of the late Conrad Repp,
and mother of Baltzer and Louts Repp and
Mrs. D. von Staden. and sister of John Fey
and Katie Offenbacher, a native of England,
agod 54 years and 10 months. A member of
St. Paulus Frauen Verein. .
in?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. D. von Staden. 303
Twelfth street, corner ot Folsom. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ROS-ENTHAL— In Medford, Or.. June 15. 1901,
Simeon Rtsenthal, beloved brother of J. Ro-
senthnl and Mrs. Esther Cohn and Mrs. Pau-
line Knout, all oI.New York, a native of
Germany, aged 65 years.
(C^Notlce of. funeral hereafter.
SCHM1TZ— In this city. June 15, 1901. Loula.
beloved son of William and the late Lizzie
Sohmitz. and/brother of Anton, Minnie, Jo-
seph, Marie and Charles Schmltz. a native
of Portland, Or., agod V) years 9 months and
26 days.
E7Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thin day
(Monday), lit 2 o'clock, from the parlors ot
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. l\ Cemetery. ' -
SH13KHAN— In this city. June 16. 1901. Michael
J., beloved son of Johanna and the late Wil-
liam Sheehan, aged 31 years 5 months and
16 days.
Ej^The funeral will tako place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4579 Elthteenth street, thence to the
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer. Hartford
street, between iSiehteenth nnd Nineteenth,
where a requiem high « mass . will be cele-
brated for tho repose of his soul, commen-
cins at 9 o'clock. Interment private. Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
STANGENBERGKR-In this city, ¦ June 15,
1901, Klizabeth M., beloved wife of August
M. Stangenberger, . and mother of August J.,
George B., Edwin P.', LHlle, Emily. Lena
and the late Alexander \V. Stangenberger, a
native of Germany, aged 6S years 7 months
C^Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 632 Grove street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Seven Pines Cir-
cle No. 3, Ladies of the G. A. R., are re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
sister, Elizabeth M. Stangenberger, this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 632 Grove street. By order of
ABBIE POURS. President.
LAURA I. OBLINOER, Secretary.
THOMPSON— In Inington, June 15, 1901, The-
resa, beloved wife of Ed B. Thompson,
daughter of the late Theresa Josephine- Cor-
lett, and sister of Herbert D.. Harry M.,
Helen and Ethel Corlett. a native o£ New
Zealand, need 3S years 9 months arid 9 days.
(E7"Frlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invitfd to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 3:30 o'clock, thence
to 5 o'clock train %o Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Ometery at 11 o'clock Tues-
day. ¦ June IS, 1901.
WILLIAMS— In this city, June 15, 1301. Annie,
beloved wife of James Williams, mother of
the late Mrs. Mary Roach, and grandmother
of Joseph Roach, .a native of County Tyrone,
Ireland, agred 51 years.
C7"Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 162 West Park street, thence to St.
John's Church (formerly Old "St. Mary's Col-
lege), where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ¦ •
PEUSOXALS.
RAILWAY -THAVEL.
6\Times Across I
The Continent, j
I have crossed the \
continent six times, j
over different roads, \
but never had a more ;
pleasant or enjoyable >
trip than this last over
your road. Everything
you agreed to perform
j was fulfilled to the
letter.
• Amos Marvin.
The Burlington Overland Excursions
lrave San Francisco every Tuesday t
evening and every Thursday morn-
ing — Omaha, Chicago, Kansas City,
St. Louis— EVERYWHERE East. :
I&u3|i|Tj||°9p6j| General Agent. i
l^^^mo^*^! g an Francisco.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* !••«««• mail nr«* riui> •« nrrl«* «%*
MAN >'K.t\IJ«('O.
(M*ln Uiw, Foot ot .Market Slr<«M
LaMTx — Kmm Juki I& 190L — akritb
7sO<ia Bouieiv SuUiiu, Klmira. Va«»»IUa.
limn*' j auiI a»cr*iueuto 8:Ur
<<8Ua M*riiue<,.sitii Rkiiitm, Vallejo. N»y»,
i'mILiii k* »ml H.mw Horn >iS3p
8:0va l)»»la. \Vuodl»nd, KnlgbU L*oding,
M«ryttltie, nnniil». :.... 7<S-lp
Hi««» AtUutio Ktpresa— «>s>l«ii and Kasl ISiSSp
Miuoa Xlle*. Ltthr.ip, Stockton . 1491
»i«to.« Nile*. MniidotA. Uaoford. ViaoU«,
PorteMUle 4:33p
»«8«a Sb»au Kxpre«a-D»»ta, WlUUms (for . ¦
lUrtlBtt Srrinn), Willows, Hj.1
Bluff. PortUmL 7iSSp
tan* 8kii .l.mr. Ll*«rmore. HIiMkinti.
lime. w»or»iii<-tit<>. rimcrtTiUf.
M»rys»ilK VUleo, Uo.1 ItlulT *i**r
S>3Oa ()»k.i»lr, Chinei« t YosrmUe), So-
norvUtxter* - m 4iS.1p
»ioa» H uw inl, Nilci aud Waj Sutloiu.. I ltn.1*,
9>UOa V«ilejo I«l23p
U:«i« » Los Angeles Express — Maritnez.
Traej, LaUirnp. .suiobtim, Merotu
Frwno »inl Los AujcaTea 7t2Sp
»:»»a Vail,!.., AUrllnrx liiiil Way HUtlom 7x.15p
I OiO»a Th« OterUn.t l.in.-tml-Ogilen. Den-
ver, Omabav Chlea« CiltSp
flriMir 8acr»mriit4> I.Jcsr Mttntni-m t3iO<*A
a:3<n- llxjwxrtl. NU.-n *ml Way HUtlout.. 7:3Sp
4t«»i- Ufiiicln. Winters, Haerameuto,
WiMHliitnil, Ktii.lila I^uJliig,
MitOMlllv, Otufillo I0:S3a.
4:«Op Martlnex. Hait lUiuon. V»l!ejo,
N.ll.a. <!nllaki>KH. .Sanfcu lion* "'Wt
4:O«p Niie^. I.iTermore. Stockton. LckH... UWf
4s:i<>r Iliiywird. Nilex, Man .¦<>¦«, Lm rmore ft'^SA
4t3»p Port Cos ». Ttacy, Latbrop, Stnckton I <»:!I3a
5:UI»pTIi« Owl I.iuiiteil-Kifsno, TuUre,
lUkenfieKl. Haugus for B»uU Uat-
luira, I, us Anuel-n SsSSa
3:l>llpM«:i:i-2, ADtioch, Stockton. Mer-
cetl. Froiuo , 13:23p
3:0«p Yoieiaito ia:»3p
3:30p Hexr Orleans Express— Mendota,
Fresno, Bakersneid. Loa Angeles,
1) rairn;, £> Paso, New Orleans
and East 7:S5a
<>:n»r Hay ward, Niles nu.l Man Joae ?s."»-»»
? «:O«P Valleji. IIi23a.
H:U»r Oriental Mail-Og<leo, Cheyenne.
Oinalia, Clilingo 13:23p
8:O«p Oriental Mail-O.deD, Dentcr.
St. Louis. Chicago. 4:S»r
i:lll)r <><v*.m anil UaHfi.rnl* Kx|>rr>Mi.H«e-
rniuHnto. MarjHtilltf. Ur<1<IIiik.
PortlMinl. Piiget M4M.H.I mi.) Kant 8:S3a
»:"5 P Sa,i I'Mo. Port (,'oaU, Mtrtiaez
ami Wa» dUUoug 1I:S5a
t«:O5p Vallejo 7!.V>f
COAST IilNE i.-Sarrow Ua« S *).
(Foot »t Miirkft Stretit.)
t < <43a Sd-U Ciuz Kxcius on io -tunta Ciuz
Hid Praiepil Way Si»tiuns JS:03p
HzISa Newark.l!.!iit.Tvilli..S».i.l.in«,l-Vltoii,
lt<m'.aerl.'rerl<.S>aiitaCriiiu.ita Way
Htuti.H.n a s a»r
IS: I Sp Newurk, CenteiTillf, San .Ui«, New
Ahii.t'lrii, fi-lt.un, llmiMnr C'ritelr,
8anU «'tii4 ami Principal War
HtiUloiia fw«n»*.
liMr Newark, M«n Jnaar, I.-.b Gatos 1<*..^<»»
e lilftp Glenwood.Boii'der Creek. SMitaCrnz «Wi."t<i»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS FRASCIiCO— I-otv of Muket Street (Slip 8)—
tT:15 SJ.UU U:00<.M. 1.03 3:03 8:13<-.M.
7romO»m:i8 — Faot af Broniw.j.— t<i:"0 t^.OO 13:06
10;00a.h. 12:03 2:C3 1:33 r.M.
COAST LilNC (P.roail (I»irs;«K
(Thin! :uut Towtinenil St».)
•1:I«A S4u Juse and W»y stttioiis. «::s»e
. t7i(MH Sun ,1iiiw»iiiI W»ySUli..u« l»:i»p
/7i»»A Nbw Alma<Vil. / 4:1«?
: J7::h»a Sunday Hxcuniou fur Hao Jcte.
H*r.t,» (rni, l'-ciric Grore and i
Priocipal Way Sutioai* {S:3Op
S>OOA Han Jimo. Trim IMinm. HuntK i friir,
I'arhii: lirur«, "alinaa. Ctan Luil
Ob!atM>, Santa Birb^n ami Pria-
cipal intenneili.te suti..im 7<3Op
lOtSOASan JcBeand Wiydtaiioot. 4ilUp
I I:SOa Han .lone hiiiI \V»y SUtions Si:i«tp
t2:l.%pSan Mat«>. lt«U..o.l. Menlu Park. ,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Hii. Jiwe.
Tres Plnoa. s»nt» Criii, Sallniu.
Monterey ami PuclHc CriiTs tl»>43A
JtsSOp Han Jose and Way .Stations 6:»i»a
t It I Si- SaiiJose ami Principal Way.SUtions «J:I3a
t3:U0p 8an .Ios», I/» Gatos and Principal
c^ WayStotlous ,. 1»:OO«
»:3Or SauJuae »ii.l Principal Way Ntatiitm M:36a
«.(»»p Kedwood. Han Jo*". GUroy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara. Lo+ Aopeleg 1O:OOa
6:00r Del Monte, -Monterey, Pacific GroTe,
-¦• v Loaipoo. 1O:OOa
a:.ta r aati Josean.t Wayflutlons f«:A<»A
all:4.tp 8an Joan ami Way Stations ~;3Oi>
A for Morning. [ p r«r A f ternoon.
t Snnrtay excepted. J Sunday only.
a Saturday only. < Monday.
e Saturday t n t Bnnday. / Tnmd»y^ and Friday*.
GALLFORWi K0RTH1ESTEM RI. CO.
LESSEE -
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. _V 13:33.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. rn. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:20 p. m. . . . . ,
SUNDAYS— S.-00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
: 5:00. 6:20 d. m.
- San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:S0. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
3:4V, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:10. 9:40. 11:1(1 a. m.; 1:40, .3:10.
5:05. 6:25 p. m. _^
Leave ~ I " In" Effect" I" " " Arriv* ,
San Francisco. [April 23. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Daya. [ days.. [ Destination. |. days. ( Daya,
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami 3:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm|lO:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm! 6:20 pra
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsbur?. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyaervllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pm| Hopland 110:40 am [10:23 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Ukiah. I 7:35 pmj 6:20 pnx
7:30 am , ' 10:10 am:iO:23 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pml • •. - '
3:30 pm 5:C0 pm | 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:03 pm 6:2) pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am[10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm[ Sebaatopol. I 7:35 pint 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geys.ervllle for Skagg3 Springs: at Cloverdalt*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan,
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carla-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dei! Lake, Witter
Springs, ¦ Upper Lake. Pomo. letter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights. HullviUe, Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal. Will'.ts. Laytcnv-ille. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. 'Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
Bulldlns,
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN'.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ast.
/f^tfe. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JjLtfhiil 629 E_KSY ST. Established
B&i* ?~V}r\iii 1*3* for the treatmt-nt of Hrlv-Mta
JtWjv /£&"( Diseases, Ij>st Malibootl. Debility or
Hr e2rS5>S* f ' isfl as" wenringnn body ami mind and
53C3 fflE^w« w kin Diseases. The Doctorcures wli^n
28^™^K otners * al1 - Tr 7 nira - l'h*rgt-8 low.
' !^mpBW»q(lur»« gnarantrfd. CallorwriMk
»»r. J. i\ UIUBUX. bau Fraucidco. C«JU _MEIXCO CITY, June 16,-Plans for a
new and modern city, which will be built
on the site of the captured Maya capital,
Chan Santa Cruz, have been drawn. The
new. city will be called Bravo, in honor of
the general who effected Its capture.
Will . Build a Modern City.
Did ycu say Rye? Then try Jesse Moore Rye
—the finest in the world. • •
A large audience gathered \ in Liberty
Hall, Academy of Sciences building, last
night and listened to the able discourse of
the , Rev- J. Stitt Wilson of the Crusaders
of Chicago. Dr. Wilson's address was on.
the "Ethical Aspect of the Labor Prob
lem. ¦ -. • •
Lecture on Labor Problem.
Another large shipment of our superior
gold-plated clocks, candelabra, \ candle
sticks, candle vases, figures, ornaments
etc. Every piece guaranteed for finish
and workmanship. Glad to have you see
our line of these goods and get our prices
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
More of Them.
Ttesterday afternoon Dr. Frlsble's horse
and buggy was taken from in front of a
house on I^eavenworth street, where he
was making a call. | Later it was found in
possession of a man who gave his name
as Charles Johnson. He was arrested on
a charge of insanity.
Physicians have been much annoyed
lately by their horses being driven away
by some unknown miscreant when left
standing on the street. Dr. Bunnell's rig
was taken from Merchant street last Sat
urday while the physician was testifying
before "the Coroner's jury. It was found
late at night in the Mission, where the
thief had left it. . •
ity Charge for Using Physi
cian's Horses.
Charles Johnson Arrested on Insan-
STEALING DOCTOR'S BIGS
HIS CHIEP PASTIME
Frank Harris, a 15-year-old boy em
ployed in Shreve & Co.'s Jewelry estab
ment at Market and Post streets, was ar
rested yesterday morning by Detectives
Harper and Armstrong and registered on
the detenue book at the Central police
station.
"^oungr Harris has worked in the repair
shops of the jewelry house for the last
two years and has always borne a good
reputation for honesty until recently,
when the firm noted that a quantity of
scrap metal was disappearing. An in
vestigation was ordered and the arrest of
Harris followed.
The detectives also placed a well known
cropk named AVhite in the tanks. It is
said that White induced the boy to steal
and is responsible for his downfall. The
amount stolen will amount to several
hundred dollars.
Frank Harris, Fifteen
Years of Age, Under
Arrest.
BOY CHARGED
WITH LARCENY
The condition of Kngineer Stanley, who
was injured by the turning over of 'the
engine on the narrow; gauge line at the
tunnel on last- Thursday is very critical.
The crushing -of his ribs has affected his
lungs . to such a degree that pneumonia
has set in and there -is very little hope
entertained of his recovery at the rail
road hospital, where he is a patient. Fire
man Coyle, whom .; it was ;thought was
dangerously injured. Is progressing favor
ably and it is considered that he will pull
through all right."
Stanley's Condition Critical.
Verus cures piles,' or $50 reward. For
sale by all druggists. •
Mrs. H. Chamberlain, the wife of Henry
Chamberlain, a salesman with Samuels 1 -
Lace House, took a dose of laudanum in
her rooms at 762 Post street ¦ yesterday
morning with : suicidal intent. She
removed- to the Emergency Hospital,
where Doctors McElroy and Murphy ap
plied restoratives, which saved her life.
Upon returning to.consciousnes she acted
so that the physicians deemed her a nt
subject for examination by the Insanity
Commissioners to-day. The woman has
been deserted by her husband because of
her intemperance. He resides with his
mother and his two children at 677 Twen
ty-third street, Oakland.
Deserted Wife Attempts Suicide.
Mention was made ! yesterday of the
great hat sale that Is to commence Wed
nesday. We will add that everything Is
getting in good shape for j the sale. Just
think, Dunlap and Stetson hats sold for
$5 to be had for $1 50. Of course, there
are plenty of $2 50 and. $3 hats that- you
can buy for 75c a hat. Yet, they are
stylish and good, for all of Herman's hats
were good and stylish. I have but three
days in which to sell 5000 hats; so must
sell them at the Assignee Sale of the Boa
ton, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday,
773 Market street, near Fourth. P. C.
Kelly, assignee. ; *
Herman's Hats.
The Maccabees.
Special Deputy W. ! B. Greenberg of San
Francisco Tent Is proving himself a
"hustler," as Is shown by the result of
hia work during the past few weeks. The
degree team under the captaincy of Fred
Shaw Initiates the candidates that Green
bers brings in at almost every session,
and the work is done in a most impressive
manner. The social recently given by this
tent was a great success and the excel
lence of the function was the result of the
care and attention devoted by Sir Knights
Vincilllone. Shaw and Floyd. The tent
intends to have such a social every month,
for members only. At the last held meet
ing of the tent there were many visitors
from Golden West Tent.
Golden West Tent Is still progressing
and adding to its membership, not on the
boom line, but quietly working to secure
a class of members who will stay with
the order.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 50c flask. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay.*
No accidents or incidents worthy of
mention occurred at the park or beach
yesterday. The weather was cold and
disagreeable and in consequence the
crowds were small. A good bill in the
theater and the .many features in the
grounds attracted a large crowd of, pleas
ure seekers to the Chutes, where shelter
from the wind and cold can be found.
Visitors at Sutro Haths were entertain
ed by the usual aquatic programme. Fol
lowing are the results of the contests:
Fifty-yard dash— J. Erasmus, first; "W. Car
roll, second. Under- water swimming — XV.
Lichen, first; J. Erasmus, second. ' One hun
dred-yard amateur. race^-W. Fisher, first; J.
Erasmus, second. Trick' and fancy diving — XV.
Carroll, first prize; W. Lichen, second prize.
High diving for boys— W. Carroll, first prize;
W. Kisher, second prize.
Sunday at Pleasure Places.
The Installation of the officers of Britan
nia Lodge of the Daughters of St. George
last Monday was followed by an Informal
reception In their lodge room. Many mem
bers of Pickwick and Burnaby lodges of
the Sons of St. George were present by
invitation and after a collation there was
a very enjoyable impromptu programme
of music and oratory. Dr. Digby Johnson
in eloquent words expressed his pride at
being an Englishman and his pleasure in
being in the company of so many beauti
ful English women. The president of Pick
wick-Lodge expressed the hope that the
cordial relations . existing between the
Sons and Daughters of St. George may
long continue. W. R. Whyte of Pickwick
recited the revised "House That Jack
Built," and the president of Burnaby
Lodge had some pleasant words for the
ladies. The vocal selections included
"Alabama Coon," by Mrs. Chalmers; 'flsle
of Dreams." Mrs. Clack; "The Midship
mite." Hugh Williamson; "Pauline," Miss
Beaufort: Scotch ballad, Miss SImington,
and "God Save the King," by the com
pany. Mrs. Hewitt, the president, an
nounced that the lodge will give an enter
tainment and dance on next Wednesday,
the 26th inst. During the evening a dele
gation from Golden Gate Lodge of Oak
land visited the sitting lodge.
Empress Victoria Lodge, the baby lodge
of this city, will give a grand inaugural
entertainment and ball in Red Men's Hall
on the 24th inst.
Daughters of St. George.
POLICE DETERMINED TO
HOLD EASTERN. SHARPERS
They Will Be Booked on a Charge
of Conspiracy to 3>e
fraud.
Captain Seymour has decided to prefer
a charge against Charles Gordon, alias
Frank M. Fegenbush, alias C. S.Stickney;
H. C. Crosby and H. A. Barton, the East
ern sharpers, who tried to swindle local
stockbrokers by means of worthless min
ing stock, of conspiracy to defraud. He
will consult the District Attorney this
morning on the subject and will then act.
H.. Bosmeren. 540 Howard street," called
at police headquarters yesterday morn
ing and asked to see Gordon, alias Fegen
bush. He was taken to the City Prison
and had a look at the prisoner. He Im
mediately recognized him as having room
ed In his house in Denver in 1898 under
the name of Fegenbush. Gordon at that
time had plenty of money and built a
theater, his wife being an actress. He
engaged in swindling operations and was
arrested, as already published, but beat
the case. He was later arrested in Butte
Many Guests Pass Pleasant Bay in
Sports and Dancing at Shell
.Mound. ¦
The Longshoremen's Protective Associa
tion held its second successful annual
picnic at Shell Mound Park yesterday.
Special trains to the park were run dur
ing the morning, and nearly 1500 guests
were assembled to enjoy the festivities.
On hundred gate prizes, consisting of cash
and provisions, were given away.
Exciting and amusing races were held
for old men, old women, young men,
young' women, married men, married la
dies, fat men. fat women, girls, boys and
members for valuable prizes. Two bands
and an orchestra were present to .furnish
entertainment for the gue%ts and music
for the dancers.
The committees, to the members of
which should be given a large share of
credit for the success of the affair, were
made up as follows:
General— Georgre Sherman/ president; Frank
Pearson, vice-president; J. E. Rlordan, record
ing secretary; J. C. Williams, financial secre
tary; Ed Jones, treasurer; T. Cummlngs, ser
geant-at-arms.
Arrangements— J. XV. Sullivan. George War
ner, Ronald McDonald, Louis Frietch, Joseph
Williams, Robert Galvan.
Prizes— T. J. Lynngreen. C. J. Devlin, James
Ferry, J. Kelly, R. Galvin.
Games — Miles J. Kehoe, starter; John Praz
zle, judge; Peter Buckley, G. A. Hanscn.
Floor— Ed Skelly. George McManno. Charles
Devlin. John Kelly, Thomas Sullivan, . J..
O'Brien Jr.
Thomas Murphy was judge of the jig
and reel dancinc
LONGSHOREMEN ENJOY
THEIR ANNUAL OUTING
Yosemite Valley via Santa Fe.
The Santa Fe Is now carrying passen
gers via new etage line from Merced.
Starting Mondays and Thursdays, 9 a. m.,
on California limited, other days 7:20
a. re. train, and you are at the Sentinel Ho
tel next afternoon, passing Merced Bijr
Trees. Buena Vista, the Cascades and
Bridal Vel! Falls en route.
Ask about it at 641 Market street •
Beat and Bob Victim.
Henry Tierney was arrested early yes
terday morning it Pacific and Kearny
streets by Officers Holmes and Skein and
charged at the City Prison with robbery.
Tierney assaulted David B. Brown a
laborer, and after beating him severely
robbed him of $1S. Brown gave the alarm
and the officers made the capture.
vestments, the executors should make
good such loss from any other funds of
the estate remainine.
PRINCESS HATZFELDT, WHO, ACCOMPANIED BY HER TITLED
HUSBAND AND A LARGE RETINUE OF SERVANTS, ARRIVED
YESTERDAY UNEXPECTEDLY. THEY ARE AT THE PALACE.
In the evening at Mechanics* Hall was
held the farewell meeting, the special sub
ject being "The Unnumbered Multitude of
Young Men of Non-Christian Lands."
In the afternoon special meetings were
held simultaneously, a men's mass-meet
ing, with more than 10,000 present, at Me
chanics' Hall, being the most important.
Commander Booth-Tucker spoke to an im
mense audience in the Salvation Army
barracks, and Mrs. Maude B. Booth, wife
of the commander of the Volunteers,
spoke at the services in the State prison.
BOSTON. June 16.— The work on behalf
of the religious life of the young men the
world over was told in words of earnest
ness, force and eloquence from more than
a hundred pulpits in Boston to-day. This
was the practical close of the Internation
al jubilee convention of the Young Men's
Christian Association. Delegates, laymen
and ministerial, pleaded for a wider sym
pathy and greater financial devotion to
the young men's cause.
City, Mont., and Washington, D. C but
succeeded in beating the cases. Gordon
pretended not to know Bosmeren. but
there is no question as to his Identity.
No reply has as yet been received from
Chicago by Captain Seymour as to Fegen
bush. He wired Friday night that he was
under arrest here and asked if the au
thorities there wanted him, as he had
"jumped" his bonds in connection with
the swindling of Warren Springer out of
$8000 and Mrs. Laura G. Fixen out of $4000.
The captain cannot ' understand the
silence of the Chicago authorities.
duced in value to the extent that it
yielded less than 4 per cent, or should
any sums be lost through unfortunate in-
VISITORS OCCUPY
BOSTON PULPITS
Delegates to Christian
Association Preach
Sermons.
PRINCESS HATZFELDT. the
adopted daughter of the late C.
P. Huntington. accompanied, by
her husband. Prince Francis von
Hatzfeldt, a retinue of servants
and tons of baggage, slipped quietly into
San Francisco last night, and are quar
tered at the Palace. Their coming was
unheralded and their entry into the city
¦would have been unnoticed had not the
Princess been recognized by old friends.
The Prince and Princess were driven to
the Palace Hotel, where they were as
signed rooms 124 to 129. The servants, of
¦whom there are many, followed with
wagon load after wagon load of baggage.
Every effort was made to keep the visit
of the German Prince and his wife a se
cret, and success would have crowned
these efforts were it not for the recog
nition at the ferry. They were plainly
attired and their arrival made no more
stir about the immense caravansary than
the ordinary traveler. They went to their
apartments immediately upon their ar
rival at the Palace.
Just what brings the titled pair to San
Francisco is not known, but it is believed
their visit is due to matters pertaining
to the distribution of the vast estate of
the late railroad magnate.
Princess Hatzfeldt at the time of her
marriage was a tall, slender brunette, an&
carried herself with a proud air, which she
still retains, together with much of her
former beauty.
Princess Hatzfeldt Is the adopted daugh
ter of the late Collis P. Huntington. She
was married to Prince Francis von Hatz
feldt at Brompton Oratory, London, Octo
ber 2S, 1SJ9. The marriage aroused in
tense Interest in the United States. The
Prince, though tiie bluest of German
blood flowed through his veins, was prac
tically without fortune. Before the wed
ding ceremony was. performed Collis P.
Huntington deposited with his prospective
son-in-law's trustees $1,750,000 in bonds of
the United States and other gilt-edged se
curities, the income from which, it was
specified, was to be enjoyed equally by
the Prince and his wife; also that in the
event of the death of either husband or
wife his or her share of the income was
to -go to the issue of the marriage.
Upon the death of the railroad mag
nate it was found that he had bequeathed
to Princess Hatzfeldt $1,000,000. By the
terms of the will this money was to be
held In trust for his adopted daughter. It
provided that the capital was to go to her
issue, failing which it was to go to such
persons as she" should direct.
The will further provided that should
the bequest made to the Princess be re-
Wilson and Leahy looked sheepish and
told the favorites to hurry and make an
appearance, as the audience was restless.
When Hartmnn and Cashman heard
about how they had been accused of be
ing strikers they grinned, and Ferris was
heard to exclaim "Well" several times.
"What the " began Hartman. and then
stopped. "Say, Doc," he continued, "what
ails you? You were all right when Harry
and I left you this morning to go to
Tamalpais. We had a swell time, but the
engine broke down on the way back and
we were delayed for about an hour. I
thought, now that the Baltimore House
was chut up. it was perfectly safe to
leave you and Wilson, but I see you have
found another 'joint.' "
But the comic opera stars threw no
bombs. The press agent was safe. Doc
Leaiiey rushed up to Hartman and asked
in a quavering voice, "Is it true?"
"Yes." said Ferris. "We were "
"Don't I pay you enough?" asked
Leahy.
Hartman and Cashman looked in
amazement at the manager.
For the entrance, two steps at a time,
dashed Hartman and Cushman. "They
are going to throw a bomb." shudderlngly
muttered Wilson as he dove for a place of
safety.
Wilson opened his mouth and prepared
to pour forth the silvery phrases that
bad been surging under his hat for that
awful hour.
It was exactly S:15 when Wilson was
eeen to straighten up. Hartman and Cash
man were observed dashing up Eddy
Etreet.
Eight o'clock came, and "Wilson sent
for a glass of water. "I must prepare
myself," he muttered. "They will be here
Boon, and upon my shoulders rests the
responsibility of giving the lie to the as
sertions of 'Guggenheimer' and 'Schwartz
enbach.' "
Visions of Hartman and Cashman pa
rading in - front of the theater as
boycott pickets disturbed the serenity
of "Doc" Leahy. Jack Wilson hastily
prepared a few oratorical gems and sta
tioned himself at the top of the steps
leading to the opera-house, prepared to
harangue the multitude which In his
mind's eye he saw surrounding the en
trance and afraid to enter.
Rumors were rife about the Tivoll last
evening that Ferris Hartman and Harry
Cashman had organized a "Toymakers'
Union" and were engaged in planning a
strike. The rumor was apparently well
founded, for neither of the Thespians put
in an appeamce at the opera-bouse at
their accustomed time.
- of Engine.
Hartman and Cashman De
layed by Break-Down
Visit Tamalpais and Ar
rive Late at the
Theater.
TIVOLI ACTORS
CAUSE A FRIGHT
The proposition is to hold an evening
session in the park and arrange the pa
vilion in the form of a grand camp, where
all the candidates for admission into the
several camps will be admitted and given
the various charges which teach the les
sons of the organization. They will also
be given the secret work. It will be the
first time that initiation of candidates has
taken place in this State outside of the
regular meeting rooms of the camps. The
pavilion will be transformed into a forest
with living trees and the officers will sit
behind genuine stumps instead of the or
dinary paraphernalia to be found in lodge
rooms. The forest will be illuminated, as
is the custom in meeting places in the
backwoods, and all will be done that can
be to make the afEair as realistic as pos
sible to meet the spirit of the ritual.
The lighting and decoration of the pa
vilion has been intrusted to the entire
membership of Maple Camp of Center
ville The placing of the candidates will
be attended to by H. W. Lynch, Jo
seph Petty and W. H. Wollard.
In addition to the initiatory work there
will be a competitive drill by about ten
teams from as many camps. Thus far the
teams of Golden Gate, "Western Addition,
Mission, Oakland, Alpha, Forest, Red
wood and Maple camps have entered in
the contest. The prizes offered are em
blematic badges, a silver ax valued at $50
and a sword for the captain of the team
that shall do the best work in the com
petition. ¦'
President, Merton C. Allen, Golden Gate, No.
64, San Francisco; first vice-president, M. J.
McCabe, Mission, No. 264, San Francisco; sec
ond vice-president. \V. D. L. Held, Yokia, No.
3<"9, ITkiali; secretary, H. B. Smith. Alpha, No.
101, Oakland; treasurer, J. K. Jeffress, Forest,
No. 102, Oakland; C. L. Robinson, Spruce
Camp 132; A. N. Lindsay, Alvarado Camp 429;
P. Salisbury, Peralta Camp 123; G. N. Farren.
Wedge wood Camp 604; H. \^. Lynch, Maple
Camp 146; C, XV. Klein, Aliso Camp 540; G.
M. Hodgkins, Hollywood Camp 417; F. Storer,
Elm Camp 361; A. N. Frost, Frultvale Camp
431; L. J. Bills, Fulton Camp 428; C. L. Bruce,
Russian River: Camp 420; A. M. Hardman,
Bllenwood Camp 4S7; A. L. Graham. Cypress
Camp 141; J. H. Mathews, Geyser Camp 370;
H. C. Welsenberger, Hollister Camp 266; H.
A. Hagemann, Live Oak Camp 114; E. E.
Phlpps, Los Ga<os Camp C73; R. B. Borland,
Laurel Camp 145; H. Meininger. Mount Eden
Camp 346; T. M. Robinson, Oakland Camp 94;
C. H. Davis, Alpha Camp 101; XV. H. Waller.
Forest Camp 102; A. G. Taft, Athens Camp
457; F. C. Doty. Castellejo Camp 493; W. C.
Ayers, Petaluma Camp 515; W. O. Stickler,
Sycamore Camp 162; Charles Blanchard, Blr
namwood Camp 3S9; S. Boss, Kmbarkadero
Camp 256; D. Oliver Jr., Golden Gate Camp 64;
F. C. Russell, Redwood Camp 91; P. F. Gil
roy. Mission Camp 264; F. H. Mickler, West
ern Addition Camp 306; E. C. Parker. Tamal
pais Camp 427; W. '.C. Greaves. Calumet Camp
436; G. W. Baltic. San Francisco Camp 437;
XV. B. Nye. Richmond Camp 470; E. Farren,
Progress Camp 425; F. B. Brown, Alamo'
Camp 80; John Gansberger, Old Orchard Camp
142; O. J. Lynch, Cherry Camp 184; C. W.
Wescott. Buckeye Camp 563; F. *H. Miller,
Mira Monte Camp 359; H. E. Perkes, Charter
Oak Camp 321; D. E. Albers. Rosewood Camp
93; \XV. G. PoKue, Yokla Camp 369; H. C.
"Welsenberger, Watsonville Camp 82.
This body has appointed the following
sub-committees:
Transportation— W. I* Temple. J. K. Jeffress,
W. M. Hodgkins.
Auditing and finance— M. J. McCabe, Thomas
Robinson. W. B. Nye.
Badges— T. H. Muckler. XV. A. Hazeltlne, C.
Greaves.
Printing— D. Oliver Jr., D. F. Fitzgerald, P.
Salisbury.
Press— E. C. Stock, P. F. Gilrey, Frank
Storer.
The several camps of the 'Woodmen of
the "World of San Francisco and those of
Alameda County have organized tnrough
their delegates for what In woodcraft Is
designated as "the world's greatest Initia
tion." For several weeks past each camp
has been securing a number of men who
are eligible to membership ' in the order
and has simply obligated them, reserving
their initiation until August 10, when it
is expected that 1500 strangers will be in T
ducted into the mysteries of woodcraft un
der the trees in Fernbrook Park, Alameda
County. The following named are the offi
cers and members of the executive com
mittee that will direct the work that will
take place on that night:
Scene of the Great Event Will
Be in the Groves of
/Alameda.
Woodmen Are Preparing
for an Extraordinary
Ceremony.
FIFTEEN HUNDRED
TO BE INITIATED
fHE.SAN JbEANCISCO CALL,; MONDAY,' JUNE 17, 1901.
Unexpected Visit of the Titled Daughter of the Late Collis P. Hunt
l ington Is Supposed to Be Due to Matters /Connected With
the Distribution of the Railroad Magnate's Enormous Estate
PRINCE AND PRINCESS HATZFELDT
ARRIVE SUDDENLY IN SAN FRANCISCO
10
Tooth po w d e*T
Wright— antiseptic * or ,
reg'ly 2SC bottle ou
Fruit press
Henis— reg'ly 35c j^q
Florida wa^t^r
Murray & Lanman— regular pr!» 4<5P
We ship to the country
or camp at city prices
Orders quickly despatched
carefully packed
43* Pine ajs Sutler 2800 California Saa Fraactic*
Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland /
G0LDBEBG, B0WS5 A CO'S SFEOUL 8AVIH& SALS
How does this
STRIKE
Tou?
Fifty dozen medium-weight Pure
Lamb's Wool Underwear at $1 each. '
Repilar price $3 a suit.
ALSO
Five hundred Imported Madras and
Cheviot Golf Shirts, new patterns.
Just the thing to wear now, Jl and
%1 60 each.
At the boycotted store.
OPEN TILL 8.
CLERKS OFF AT G f. M.
JOHN T. GIBSON
"Tour Bosom Friend"
SHIRTS
Men'e Furnlshiss Goods,
12O+ MARKET STREET.
JCear Golden Gate ave. TeL Folsom
US.
. Aa Honest M&a With Honest Prices.
642 Market 5t. instruments
UUDtR CHROMICLt BUIUDINb. CATALOGUE FRIE.
London Smoke
Protection Glasses
FROM 50C PERPAlR
iMEItCE'S
jg»5^ FAVORITE
INSCRIPTION
JL FOR WEAK WOMEN.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAX RESTORATIVE. IXVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder, fells on its own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
S2S Market st.. S. P.— (Send for Circulars.)
OR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For tn« cure of GONORRHEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of tha
Organs of Generation.
Price Jl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
P. ItOSCOE aicXUI/TY, II. D.
S8}£ Kearny St., San Francisco* Cal-
DR.MCNULTY.
I^HIS WKLL-X2J OWS AND RKLIABLE OLD
. Specialist eurwBioort Poison. Gonorrncea.Gleet,
Stricture, 8?minal Weakness, Impotence and tbelr
allied Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Men. free.
Over20years>xperence.Term<« reasonable. Hours.
9to3daHy;6:30to8.30ev'5s.Sunday<«.10tol3. O>nsul-
tation free and 3ucredly confidential. Can oc addreci
W. X. HESS,
KOTAET PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT-LAW.
Tentb Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bldg
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, S21 California et..- below PowelL
San Francisco.
McCOY & NESBITT,
Leiding Mission Grocers.
POPULAR
3 Days' Specials for Cash
FLOUR, any of tbe bcst pJ r ra s ScK .... 85c
Sperry's D. Enow, Golden Gate and Port
Costa..
EGGS, best Mission, per dozen 20c
Every one selected. Rerular 25c.
BUTTER, fancy creamery, ¦$*£? 30c
There's a sharp advance In Butter. Regu-
lar 40c.
CHEESE, fancy mild cream, per Ib 12ic
Nothing finer In town. Regular 15c.
ROLLED OATS, fan f c £ k c e r d ean >' 10 lbs 25c
This Is a great pick-up. Regular 6 lbs for
25c.
Fancy Japan Head Rice, per lb 5c
A ¦ most extraordinary bargain. Regular 3
for 25c.
moew season's tea. 6 varieties Jfl«
I to choose f ronj. Reg. 60c. • •
flnFFiyfil qenulna Mocha arjd Java OKa
UJrrlili, blend, per Ib
Our Coffees are the best.
Imported French Castile Soap, |;' r b 25c
Virgin brand. ¦ Regular 35c. .
FORT and SHERRY Wines, qt bot 25c
Five years old. Regular 40c.
"VTe make a specialty on camper's supplies.
Send us your order and we'll take full charge
of the came.
3002-3004 ¦'SiiteenflTst., Cor. Mission.
Telephone Mission 223.
BQWEN
& CO
Sparklets
For carbonating wines fruit
syrups mineral waters
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Coffee
Pasha blend — pure n 1 k<; r rr
reg'ly 35c lb Z LDS 55 C
Oysters
1 Our Choice ; \ 9rM ~occ
extra selected large .can 25C
Sardines
Imported Ispa — Beziere T or t ~rlr
reg'ly 15c and 20c can 1 1 2 C
Cocoa
Van Houten— Holland Q nr
reg'ly 95c lb Klb Klb lib cans ° c
Gelatine
Cox — large package — reg'ly 20c I r c
Corn
Baby kernel— Maine n f nr » rr
reg'ly 15c can Z IUr Z 5 C
Sweet pickles
Pin money <, nr
reg'ly*4oc pint
Prunes
California ± Ik- 2 rr
reg'lyiodb / 4 1DS 25c
Sausage
Deer-foot Farm 3OC
reg'ly 35c a can 2 fa
J. o ill a c o e s
Selected— sol 'd packed 3 OC
reg'ly 35c quart glass jar 2 for C CC
Toilet soap
Colgate-Turkish bath Pr _
reg'ly 60c doz 5 oc
S ars a p a rill a
Schweppe — good for the blood <* T : ':< s l S'
reg'ly $1.50 doz r^ji
Whisky
OOF bourbon— GB&Co—$5 S gal J3V5
An old and reliable brand $1 25 bot 05c
Scotch-Highland Club 5. .. *
Irish— Killycroy j $I bot - 8 5c
Claret
V Zinfandel— reg'iy 50c gal , or
As pure as the higher priced % t"
F r ui t_ s y r u p s
Pure— natural flavor " , Anr
ree'lv sec Quart 4 ul -
GOLDBERG, B0 WEN ft CO'S SPECIAL SAVING SALS
SEMI-ANNUAL SALE
rine
Muslin
Underwear
¦On Monday June 17th, and continuing,
all this month, we will offer an
elegant assortment of LADIES'.FINE
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR, consisting
of. Gowns, Corset Covers, ¦ Drawers,
Chemises and Skirts.
These garments are verg nandsomelD trimmefl
with Embroidery and Lace, of the Yeru latest
patterns, are made from the hest Qualities of
Muslin, Cambric and Nainsook, and will 1)8
sold at veru low prices.
Our special sale of FINE EMBROIDERIES
will also be continued this week, and our
customers are invited to see our window dis-
: play of both LADIES 5 UNDERWEAR and
CAMBRIC and NAINSOOK EMBROIDERIES,^
9
III, 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET. \ |T
1 ANQ fhb Great-Tnte
a runs but rwlc«
I THURSDAY -^
% THE Lwnlng a! 9 am.
H ft arrives In
1 CALIFORNIA Ecr*
I LIItIIIlU mutfutMtm*
I Ml of s«rv!e« Is
I un fully maintained.
IS1ITI FE
J^OMJL /5§ffi^i$SS Special Bargains
'"Every Department.
W^W'M'^T^^^^^^ ¦ Handsome Bedroom Suits— Brass
Beds - Separate Bureaus, Chiffoniers, \
§^^M™.-^P^^^S Fa^y Rockers. Folding Beds and '
Wl jp^7p^/"'=ac^^5^^^^^^= '"-. other household goods which you
ffi [T#^ A^^v can secure at prices never before ..
' £ *§^^s~ . Don't Miss This Opportunity.
h Special Discounts from 10 to 40 per cent for cash.
THE MONEY-SAVING FURNITURE AND. CARPET HOUSE,
. 'Cash or Credit.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO., 1015-1017 Market St.,
Tel. South 3/1- V ' ; Opp. Taylor Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.