Fifty-Eight Persons Perish
During . One Scorching .
. . Day yi New Tork.
Heat Brings Desolation
and Death in Many
•'.•' Localities.
SUN 'S RAYS
TURN CITIES
INTO OVENS
over on the port tack for a few minutes.
Jib Sheet Carried Away.
Suddenly the luff of the Constitution's
big- Jib began.ito shake. The pennant, or the
sheet Itself,, had evidently carried away.
Down came the jib halyards by a run,
while a dozen men climbed out on the
bowsprit to gather in the' slack at the foot
of the sail so as to smother the flowing
duck. For over ten minutes the Consti
tution, on that close-hauled stretch.- was
without the benefit of her Jib. The Co
lumbia in that time was pointing higher
arid footing faster. .. ,
WASHINGTON, .July 1.— By
to-morrow relief? 1» - promised.
1 A the "middle Mississippi . Val
ley, the lower Missouri Valley,
the upper lake region, and by
"Wednesday; lit the^Olilo Valley j
- and possibly : tike western part - !
of the 16wer;lakeTre8:lbn. For
the next ,. forty-eight :¦..'; hours
along: the' northeastern coast _
¦ tlie prospects * favor more hot'.
Treather. ' In .Xew.'York 'City,
the probabilities ;>eeiu ¥ 'to f a- h
Tor n cou tin nation of existing
.. conditions, wltli no Immediate
prospect of relief.'- In- the lat-
. ter city : the temperature to-"*
•lny was again OS, the highest
, previous \ record for. that city
In Jnly for thirty 'years being? .
•OO. In Philadelphia the heat
broke all record* for the past
thirty years ' for . July, reach
ing- a maxlmnm of 1O2. Some '
of the hi fir U . temperatures . re
corded " during T the : day ¦ by •
the Weather . Bureau werei
-Atlanta, Ga., 9O{ Atlantic, City,
X. J., 9Oi . Boston, 92| Chicago,
92; Cincinnati, 06; Davenport,
Iowa, !<(*: Des Molncx, Iowa, 82;
Indianapolis, 92; Jacksonville, -
Fla., O4s Kansas City,' 1OO; lilt- .
'.tie Rock, ArU.,:.90;:;Men»phis, s
92; Sew Orleans, 90; New York,
OS; Omaha, 94; .Plttsburg, Piu,
.98; Salt Lake, Utah, 92; : St.
- Louis, Mo., 1OO; St. Paul,* Minn.,
9O; Springfield,' 00; Vlcksburg,
. 00. ¦.'.¦¦.' ;'; •- .*¦<:-¦ ¦'¦¦¦,'¦'• ;¦- ¦¦ ¦¦:
HOT WAVE'S RECORD
' THE OLD CUP -DEFENDER
. WHICH OUTSAILED THE
' NEW CONSTITUTION.'
J ft^ HICAGO. July L— Crowded together
/l^ in a little zinc-lined chanty, under
UL> a northshore pier, ten boys and
— ' young men and one old man met
instant death by lightning to-day.
They had left their flshllnes and sought
shelter from the fierce thunderstorm that
deluged the north part of the city about 1
o'clock. Ten minutes later their bodies
lay, with twisted and tangled limbs, "like
a nest of snakes," as the men who found
them said.
There were twelve who Bought shelter
and just one escaped. Twelve-year-old
Willie Anderson was uninjured, but he lay
many long minutes before he could be
drawn out from under the heav of dead
bodies. :.-V | ; V ¦ V.?^
The dead are all I from the families of
comparatively poor people. They were
fishing and seeking relief from the heat of
the day, or had come to wade or swim.
Victims of the Bolt. t
The dead:
GEORGE BRABINET. 11 years. .
/ MEYER JACOBS. 45 years.
GEORGE PRIEBS. 12 years.
FRANK COOSEY, 11 years. <
CARL KRUZE. 18 years.
Houses and Trees Struck.
The Kcene of the' tragedy was a pier
just south of Manjuette terrace and a few
hundred feet from the waterworks pump-
Ing station, at the foot of Montrose boule
vard. The storm was as violent a visita
tion as has ever been experienced In Chi
cago. The skies were filled with the flash-
Ing glare of the lightning and the air
rumbled . steadily with thunder. Half a
dozen houses, outbuildings and trees In the
vicinity were struck, and almost all of the
telephone wires^ burned out. There were
thirteen men and .boys on the pier at the
time. They rushed for. the only available
shelter and crowded themselves ., in
through the little trap "<¦ door in' the top of
the cabin till they were packed almost to
a suffocating point.
Then came the thunderbolt. It was the
worst of ; tha storm. Watchers In : the
pumping' station saw the zigzag lightning
strike the water, as they thought. •
There was one small boy,' however,' who
EDWARD BLOCH, 23 years.
UNIOCOWN MAN, ; supposed to be
named Broderick.
UNKNOWN MAN. X Y '
THREE UNKNOWN BOYS.
saw the bolt and, whose, senses were all
alert despite his excitement But for him
the dead might have, lain where they. were
for hours, and little Willie Anderson
might have been suffocated under their
bodies. ¦'( -I v, ¦
Percy Keane,, clad In- bathlngr trunks^
and watching . from the water station,
thought he heard a scream -as ; the bolt
struck. Mindless of the storm he rushed
across the ; beach. At the pier he heard
a cry, "Help- get me out!"
He looked into the cabin and in dismay
saw ; the. twisted bodies. Young 'Percy,
crying, pulled at the dead men's arms and
legs to get them away. He : saw "Willie
Anderson's head and a part of : his body,
but he could not pull him/out, ¦' nor could
he pull the -heavy bodies! from on top of
him. "¦'¦¦WhBiiiBi'BMfafflrMMWgaBJ
Then young. Keane . telephoned . to ' the
police, who succeeded, after ' a great deal
of . difficulty, In reviving. young. Anderson
and i recovering the ' dead bodies of the
others.' -' v- v - ' ¦:-.¦¦ ¦
Hurricanes Paralyze Shipping.
MELBOURNE, July! 1.— Disastrous hur
rican%s on', the coast of .New South! WaJea
have paralyzed' shipping.' :.-' Two', .vessels
have 'been ; wrecked and ten "persons
drowned.-- . . ¦
Special Dispatch tb;The Call.
'I^N^I was like a vast 'oven '.to-day.' 'A
I brazen sun poured scorching rays
¦ upon the : great ' city, ' brought
death and and almost
succeeded in paralysing:, commerce and in
dustry. Occasional puffs of wlnd'se'emed
to bring new waves of torrid air and af
forded no relief to suffering, humanity.
The network of steel and iron tracks and
structures were ..transformed into radia
tors' to disseminate the heat; brick and
stone became fuel and asphalt pavements
blistered and felt like sticky ; mud, in
which every footstep left an imprint. ¦
- It was a record-breaking day' for. heat,
far hotter than any of Its predecessors of
last week. Never before in the thirty-one
years that the United. States Government
has kept a record here did the official
thermometer go so high. The Govern
ment observatory, . on top of one of the
highest buildings in the city, with noth
ing to obstruct; any breath of air that
stirs, sweltered in the afternoon with the
thermometer at 98 degrees. This , record'
from the. clouds does not adequately rep
resent the feelings of "persp'lring pedestri
ans in the street below.
Ill Degrees^ Fahrenheit.
Men who had hitherto scouted the no
tion of shirtwaists discarded their coats
for the nonce, and holding -their hats in
their hands to. protect their faces from the
sun crowded about the big Herald ther
mometer in Herald square to watch the
mercury. They found that it had climbed
to 111 degrees Fahrenheit a few minutes
before 4- o'clock. The minimum that it
reached during the day was 84 degrees.
Fifty-eight persons died from the effects
of the heat, and the ambulance service
proved Inadequate to remove all who were
prostrated in the streets. The.deaths re
ported,do not really represent all the lives
sacrificed by the sun, as ~i very many
deaths are attributed to other causes,
though heat is really responsible.' Of the
persons prostrated many. are beyond hope
of recovery, while others will suffer from
the effects for years. ; .
At^ o'clock this (Tuesday) morning the
death record for the twenty-four hours
ending at that time in Greater New Tork
was j eighty-seven; the prostrations 183.
For the last-five days, covering the heated
term, the total. deaths in the same terri
tory were 136. j •
Hot ', Weather in Washington.
: >. The - present hot wave : started ' . In •'-, the
.West ¦ Jiine' ; 20; 'and-|. to-day " the .Weather
Bureau." officials -report that high'tem^
WASHINGTON, - July 1.— The hot
weather continued here to-day ' with ; no
abating in fierceness. The climax came
this afternoon, when the Jrecord "for thus
early in the summer was broken, ' the
Weather Bureau thermometer registering 1
a temperature > of 102. : :_: Fortunately .ithere'
was not . much!- humidity in the; atmos
phere. VTwentyi cases 7of heat". prostration
were reported, ; two. of • which /resulted fa
tally/ Lewis" Ashtoh, \a . negro laborer, 45
years j of age, \dying > ' not ; long * after.- he
reached 'the ; hospital. John ' Farrell,
a> laborer] ££wai .' the' • other victim.
At 8 V . o'clock .' ."; to-night '} the i ther-;
mometer.v. had --v fallen - to - 90 .degrees,
with ' every i probability ;' that it would -not
fall ; greatly 'below; that' during 'the* night
and that , to-morrow^would 'be , a scorcher.
.There 'seems * to. -,. be. no "prospect -for -any
relief ,' for '.; the] nextV forty-eight ; hours ' for
Ithisj yidnltyV '; Beyond ', that'length .of. time
the .Weather" Bureau officials make iio pre
'dlctibns. <" ; "I'";'. ¦'. ¦'¦''': ";,""";.. ' ' V:
Thus, over the course of over fifteen
miles to windward and back, the elapsed
time of the Columbia waa ; 2:52:04, while
that of the Constitution was 2;52:52.
Thus, on the beat to windward, the Co
lumbia defeated her opponent nearly, two
miles. Setting spinnakers, the Columbia
was a trifle smarter than the Constitution.
On the run before the wind the Constitu
tion gained. With sheets eased off, she is
faster than the Columbia.
The time at the finish was: Columbia,
2:32:38: Constitution, 2:33:29.
When the sail was In place again the
Constitution rapidly forged ahead, mak
ing up much of her leeway. It was, how
ever, too big a gap to fill. The outward
mark was now in sight, and the' Colum
bia got hold of its true bearings and made
a judicious hitch to starboard. The Con
stitution, a few seconds later, also*acked,
but what she did was a stretch too far.
The time at the outer mark was: Co
lumbia, 1:24:55; Constitution, 1:26:55.
This did not "last long, however. | Both
yachts, with big luff topsails set and small
jib topsails hunting for whatever, wind
there might- be, were making the best of
the breeze. The Constitution, footed faster
than the Columbia. But while the new
boat was going along swift as the wind
she had not the grip on the water that
the other, craft had. Along the starboard
tack the two yachts sarfed, both Jogging
at an eight-knot gait. The Constitution
would not stand as well as her rival -by
at least three degrees. When the time
came for tHe Constitution: to tack it was
a mooted question whether she could or
could not cross the Columbia's bow.
In the judgment of the sharps,
however,, there was too large a
gap to leeward to allow of this.
But just at the moment when the
Constitution's, helm was put down the
Columbia also came about and both went
teen miles dead to windward and" back
again was the course signaled by the ;
flags hoisted on the ship Colonial. . The;
starting signal sent the,. Columbia off at'
11:40:34, well to windward and three sec-,
onds in advance. • The Constitution, with!
a rare burst of speed, came on with' a:
rush and ran through the Columbia's lee,
pointing for a much higher position than
was exoejeted of her. .
LIGHTNING'S BOLT FINDS ELEVEN
VICTIMS IN A CHICAGO SHANTY
Foots Faster Than Columbia.- ¦
The event to-day was the first of a se-
accident set the Constitution back prac
tically a mile, but in spite of it she was
able to cet within two minutes of the
Columbia at the turn and cut this lead
down more than half on the run home.
Some of this gain, however, was undoubt
edly due to the fact that she came up in
the better wind. The Columbia did not
escape without accident, for Immediately
after crossing the finish line in gybing
over the big mainsail her boom buckled
and she had to be towed to the city. It
will be necessary to string a new spar be
fore the Columbia can race again, but it
is expected it will be in place for a race
Wednesday-
NEWPORT. R. I.. July 1.— The
Constitution was defeated by, the
Columbia to-day by the small
margin of 4S seconds In the first
real race in which the new Her
recheff yacht has participated. Although
the contest from start to finish was close
and at times exciting, in the opinion of a
majority of yachtsmen in Newport to
night the Constitution lost through mis
fortune. However, the result of to-day's
contest is far from conclusive and there
is still much to be decided as to the rela
tive merits of the two racers. The mis
hap to the new boat came about an hour
after the start. While the boats were on
the second long tack to the windward the
clew of the jib of the new boat was car
ried away and for some ten minutes she
was without the use of that sail. This
rles of special races arranged by. the New.
York -Yacht Club for.the purpose of bring
ing the two yachts together. The course
was cleared for the racers when the time'
approached for .the firing of the . signal
gun and the breeze came up from 1 the!
south west just 'when- it was wanted. Fif- 1
; Continued on Page ffwo.
¦¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦¦ . x ~ .-. ' ~ .
• f£j AN" JOSE, ; July 1.— For the second
,' (^L time George Suesser, who . mur-;
,-^~~SJ dered ; Sheriff < i HenTy^R.^Farley ' of
«^ Monterey: County; in September,'
'I 1899,-has escaped* the fury : of ' a
mob and found. shelter in the Santa Clara
County. Jail.' ;¦ He ; was not; safe •" even on!
the train, for .Thomas'; Farley, a brother
of . the dead | official, > followed [ Sheriff.
Keef e and - his prisoner, andvbetween this
city and . Salinas ? attempted to carry, out
his r ' oft-repeated i [ threat : > that j;he " would
avenge ; the: Sheriff's; death/; But; for the
• action "of a ; passengrer . and ; the courageous
conduct 'of "Sheriff ; Keefe, : rwhb^disarmed-
Farley, Suesser , would , probably : now, be
occupying, a slabiii^the Morgue.;,'
.'- 'Yesterday • Suesser i. was taken ¦ from.' San •
Quentin,^ where ; he •. had ;' been i, under sen
tencel.of 'death -for the i brutal > murder of
the^ Sheriff. .to Salinas,; having.been grant
ed-a: new .'trial ;,by., the Supreme r Court' on
, the J ground 'i that ''¦ he'V had ', been \ refused • a '
change 'of ,venue. At Gonzales, • the ; home
of tho'Farley s, when it; became" known [the
murderer • was in ! Salinas, a band ' of some
'twenty-five) men) met 'and ¦ decided \ to , lead
a' mob ! to ! lynch Suesser." • Shotguns," rifles,.
A passenger, grabbed Farley's , hand: and
Sheriff? Keef e 'disarmed -him. "Great 2 ex--
*>' Early this forenoon Sheriff ; Keef e learn
ed'of these plans and this afternoon; with 1
Suesser in > charged ' stole away .from the
* jail , * up' a" back "street 5 and boarded a' train '
¦for; this ; city: _ He -'thought; they;; had < not'
been * observed." Iwhen * half ; way ) between*
Salinas" and this city .Thomas Farley came
into j the jcar in -which the 4 Sheriff had his
'prisoner % He 'halted , back "of/ Suesser . : and
asked: .. ."George, : why : are " you t afraid t of
me?" at the' same' Uine'drawingr a revolver.
from;his*p'ocket.('7; . V. •""_"'. "...";-. ¦
•, ; This * little band { expected 1 aid i from the
citizens of Salinas; with whom Farley was
very popular. : There is '.little doubt that
they would have. been, successful, as - the
people of Monterey County In. general •be
lieve that ; Murderer ' Suesser will never
get ; his > just deserts : at the ; harfds ' of ! the
law. : So thoroughly band organ
ized f and ; equipped that ho jail could have
.withstood. its' attack. ' V /...
Special Dispatch- to The Call.
¦ ¦ - j • - • "• . ¦ . - • *.
sledgehammers: and', saws were procured
and 'to-night <waW. set I as the j time 'for
breaking open the Salinas -jail and lynch
ing Suesser. '-. /V.V^v^v/v/?.^' -*T-
citement prevailed in the car and it was
necessary .to keep a close watch on Far
ley during the rest of the trip.
Farley has threatened to kill ' Suesser,
and those ¦ who know the disposition o"
the young/ man ore satisfied that he- ¦will
keep his word. Once before he attempted
to kill Suesser while the latter was being
taken to orison."
• When brought to the County Jail Sues
ser.was almost in a state of collapse. Ho
realizes " that 'unless the law places him
beyond : the reach , ; of the people of Mon
terey County he will surely be killed.
; . At '¦ the time' of ; the murder in 1899 . Sues
ser was brought here to escape a lynch
ing, j; After, the (excitement -had. subsided
he- was; taken 'back, tried, convicted and
sentenced" to, be '. hanged.' Prejudice was
strong against him, but when he asked
for a change of venue it was denied,- Upon
this point the' Supreme Court has granted
him a new, trial.. ,. x
Suesser' ¦ will > be - tried tn this - county.
Sheriff Keefe, accompanied by. .Thomas
; F«rley. J returned . to Salinas on the late
tram to-night," It ia not likely that Sues
: ser^. will 'ever , be taken , to Salinas • again.
for it is believed his escape was a narrow
one -and that the people of Gonzales will
always '. be willing to head' a mob to
avenge Sheriff • Farley's death.
MURDER OF SHERIFF FARLEY
IS SAVED FROM GONZALES MOB
inauguration of civil government in the
islands July, 4, that he would be appointed
civil. Governor/ "While the appointment. of
the civil Governor j is credited to the War
Department, this does not mean neces
sarily that thelPresident Is proceeding en
tirely, under his war power In ' setting up
civil government in the" Philippines. He, is
noU differentiating .'the source: of his
authority. ,He ; is acting, so it isuniver
sally stated,. under all the powers he has
in the premises. ! '..
¦Inauguration on the Fourth.
MANILA, July 1.— Thursday' next, July
4, wili be inauguration ' day. for civil gov
ernment and moving day for the military
headquarters, which will j be transferred to
the former ? Spanish headquarters outside
theValled city. ¦ The palace will he occu
pied-exclusively by the civil government.
General Chaftee, . who assumes command
Thursday, will j occupy Judge' Taft's 'resi
dence, and ; Judge Taf t will . remove to the
Malacanan 'Palace. -• j /' • • :
General' Chaftee Is preparing to
ilalvar, the insurgent chief, in' Southern
Luzon, lie'. has ordered the transfer of the
Fifth Infantry" from. rNorthern Luzon to
.Batanga's province. 5 -The general has been
informed' that Malyar's principal head
quarters areiiri a mountain town In North
ern Tayabas, :where the' inhabitants are
contributing to, his support.
General ' Chaff ee. has not formulated
plans for the occupation of the island of
Mindoro: Gene'ral "Hughes, at his request,"
will be permitted to continue in command
of' the, Vasayas Islands' until the Samar
campaign is completed. Subsequently Gen
eral Davis will continue temporarily to '
be provost marshal at Manila,
General Chaffee's staff appointees are as
follows: Adjutant general. Colonel Will P.
Hall;' quartermaster. Brigadier General
Charles F. jHumphrey ; | inspector . general.
Lieutenant Colonel Joseph P.< Sanger; mil
itary, secretary, Captain Grbte Hutcheson,
Sixth.Cavalry. ' ', .
:'; Four 'American . prisoners who escaped
from Calapan, Mindorp,' June 25 in a sail
boat have been recaptured. Six others ara
reported to be in Southern
Health Board Is Created. %
Bills have been passed establishing a
Board of I Health • for , the Philippines and
providing for laboratories in connection
therewith. \ The salary of the Health Com
missioner will be $6000.
The United States cruiser Albany sailed
to-day for the Mediterranean.
Several insurgent officers and 350 bolo
men have voluntarily taken the oath of
allegiance at Culano, pro.vince of Bataan. .
Captain Adams, with ten men. scoutlnjf
in Albay province has killed . ten - lnsur-»
.{rents and captured a Filipino captain and
ten men." " '", ' _^
| A- detachment, of ,• the Fourth' Infantry,
scouting on a volcano island in Lake Taal
has captured Gonzales, an Insurgent lead
er,-his-adjutant and several others.
i Another detachment of the same regi
ment has .had a running engagement at
Baheas and destroyed a Filipino strong
hold. 'Sergeant Brown' and Privates Rigs
by and Gatfleld of the coast artillery
were wounded. •¦¦ '¦
.•— » ¦ ?_t_»_»_»_t_t_t_»_t_»_»_»_»_»_»_»-» ? • • • •
SAN FRANCISCO, TIJESDAY; VJULY 2, 1901.
VOLUME XC- NO. 32.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Contest Is Exciting From Start to Finish, but Through Misfortune the
New Herreshoff Yacht Loses the Race by the Small Miargin
of Forty-Eight Seconds, Each Boat Meeting With Mishap
CUP DEFENDER CONSTITUTION
BEATEN BY THE COLUMBIA IN
THE FIRST REAL TEST OF SPEED
Glorious Fourth of Is to Be inauguration Day in the Philip
pines, General MacArtfiur Transferring His, Staff and Office to
Former Spanish Headquarters and Evacuating Malacanan Palace
TAFT BECOMES CIVIL GOVERNOR
THE OLD WALLED CITY AT MANILA
' itt ALL ': BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
WASHINGTON, July; L—
Av,-'^ President McKinley, to-day signed .
N— S the; commission" of -William H.
.; ' ..Taft of Ohio' as civil .Governor of
the Philippine Islands." The appointment \
is credited to the "War Department.! Judge.
Taft was notified some time ago, . when . \
instructions were sent him relative to the
Commerce and Industry • Paralyzed
and AmbulancesvUnable to Re
move All the Unfortunates.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
NEW CIVIL, GOVERNOR OF THE
PHILIPPINES AND THE MILI
TARY COMMANDER.narrow streets and alleys, suffering was
intense. Between the hours of 7 a.m. and
7 to-night eighteen deaths from heat in
Piltsburg and Allegheny were recorded
and forty prostrations. Shortly after mid
night a cooling breeze spraijg up. and the
mercury dropped to 88, with a good pros
pect of a further fall before morning, rain
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 1.—Thejhigh
est temperature recordtd by the weather
bureau to-day was 92. About 9 o'clock to-
River Jordan water Is now exported
regularly for baptismal purposes.
night a heavy wind cam« from th« -west
and cooled the atmosphere considerably.
Three deaths occurred from the heat and
eighteen prostrations. The dead: "Wil
liam Reidel of Cleveland, James Kracek,
a fanner of Orang-e Township, and Owen
McGloane of Buffalo, found dead oa the
lake clocks to-nig-ht.
peratures are 1 recorded in most sections
east of the Rocky Mountains and in many
places west of them. Rains in moderate
amount have fallen in many places. The
precipitation has been very great in a few
places. In Chicago the fall amounted to
1.56 inches; in Jacksonville, Fla., to 1.24
inches; Omaha .68 of an inch, and Daven
port .34 of an inch. Thunder storms have
occurred in West Virginia, Iowa and the
lower lake region.
Deaths in the Lake City.
CHICAGO, July 1.— Five persons drop
ped dead on the streets In Chicago to-day
from the excessive- heat, and fifteen oth
ers were so badly overcome that they had
to be removed to hospitals. A number of
the prostrated are in a serious condition
and may die. At noon the temperature
in the weather bureau in the Auditorium
tower was 93 and on the streets over 100.
A severe thunderstorm at 1 o'clock
brought relief, and the mercury dropped
twenty degrees.
The dead: Peter Bajdlk, Bessie Poole.
Joseph Sebezak, Thomas -Walsh, John
Smith. - - V-
Cincinnati's Torrid "Wave.
CINCINNATI, July 1.— The spell of tor
rid heat which. has held sway here dur
ing the past week was broken this after
noon by a squall. The storm came sud
denly from the southeast and for a time
the wind blew at a rate of sixty miles
an hour.. This was followed by a thun
der shower and the temperature dropped
to 75. The maximum temperature to-day
was 96 vat the Government . observation
station and 99 on the street. There were
five deaths from heat to-day, making
twelve since the hot spell began a week
ago. - . . • ,
To-d|y's deaths: John Stofer. Joseph
Fuzz, MlchaelGibben, George Elrich, Mi
chael Deloughey. . ¦
Twelve persons are now at the City
Hospital In a serious condition.
No Abatement at St. Louis.
Pittsburg a Furnace.
ST. LOUIS, July 1.— July was ushered in
to-day with scarcely any abatement of
the heat which marked the closing days
of June. Starting at 5 o'clock at 87 de
grees, the mercury in the thermometer at
the weather bureau rose steadily, reach-
Ing 100 at 8 o'clock. It did not remain
long at this point, however, and an hour
after the highest point had. been reached
dropped two degrees. As night drew near
a breeze cooled the atmosphere. .'
The following deaths from heat were re
corded: John Keller.- 58 years; John Else,
Henry Stauber, 50 years; Frank Douglass,
negro; Henry Schuette, 60 years; Annie
Nannie. ' ' : . : .¦••-¦'
The following names were added to the
list of prostrations: Julius Eberhardt. 38
years; PatrlckvRabbit, Ike Murphy, Mrs;
Lizzie Curboy, 60 years.
PITTSBURO,- Pa.. July 1.— Pittsburg
was a veritable, furnace -all day. From
sunrise till long after dusk there was no
cessation in the terrible^heat. All pre
vious records were broken and the death
rate was more. than doubled. Infants and
aged people succumbed alike and the suf
fering - among all 2 classes was intense.
Many mills closed down entirely and. in
all big mills relief, shifts were constantly
In readiness to replace those who could
no longer endure the heat.- Beginning at
1 o'clock this morning, the thermometer
registered 84 degrees, and from that time
the temperature kept rising until 5
o'clock this evening, when it reached its
maximum, 98. During all- this 'time 'there
-was an . almost entire • absence I of breeze.-
Airong.the poorer classes, who live Id the
DEATH OF, I. CAHN .
. -IN HOTEL VENT3OMB
San Francisco ' Capitalist ' EipfcqjBg
Suddenly; j > Presumably "? of
, i .Heart. Diseased •¦;•.", v
SAN.; JOSE, . July 7 ; l.-^-I. ; Cahn; ' a Sax*
Francisco; capitalist .who has .been stay
ing ; at fthe Hotel Vendome ¦ with his wife
for some weeks' died suddenly this after
noon; . presumably of heart disease, r Soon
after • luncheon- ho complained > of being
ill ¦ and retired to his , room. Physicians
were at' hand,-. but in fifteen 'minutes he
/was dead., -. . ¦ ¦'¦/.,-•;•¦ .• -' • • ."•¦;.; : ; ... ¦ ,- .,= ¦<;
,;. Mr. Cahn'' was 74 years of age. '.'He was
formerly- a member- of the firm ! of . Well,
Cahn '¦ & '¦- Co. , - and-- was i manager ; of ¦• the
Pioneer .Mission; Woolen; Mills; but re
tired from business fifteen years ago//! lie
was the; father of Julius . I. r! Cahn-, and
Leopold - Cahn; ?Mrs.*,' Nickelsburg •; rand
•Mrs. ¦¦- A.~/L.. .. Lengfeld, ,wlfe ft of ¦ the " San
Francisco ; druggist. ¦ ,-.'*;
Freight Handlers Out on Strike.
ST. LOUIS. July 1.— Between 350 and
400 freight handlers : employed ; in £ and
about the warehouses of .the different rail
roads . entering ' East St.- Louis, ; 111. .fare
out on a strike 1 to-day .i for an increase in
watresito 11 15 ' cents an" hour -for * regular
ti uckers .on the - platform's i and 16 . cents
per hour-.for pickers,>fthe 'men > who sort
the merchandise; Practically, all the work
of transferring freight from one road to
another is at a standstill, and it is be
lieved that ; the ¦ different ' railroad compa
nies will accede to the demands of their
men'- and •; that -.work will ( be resumed as
usual to-morrow. * •¦"'¦ '• " .
Beautiful . Picture r Book of Yosemite.
•: Bend .: ten : cents ;. to i the Southern ; Paclflo
Passenger Department, .4 Montgomery
street, , San. Francisco. '„.' ,;•;-:,'
For full .infor: .tlon about established
routes, high' class service," via'' Biggest
Big -rees, i apply,- to nearest ¦ agent or , 613
Market street, San Francisco. .;
DANGEROUS BAB FORMING ' {
. ABOUT A WRECKED HTOXIj
Government: Strongly Urged to Be
xnove Maine From the Harbor
of Havana.
HAVANA. July, 1.— Although . three
months ha_ve expired - since the Govern
ment completed the contract to raise the
hull of tlie battleship Maine from Havana
harbor, no work to this end has yet boon
done, nor have the contractors, N. F.
Chamberlain & Co., filed the necessary
bond of $25,000. Shipping interests here
are urging the Government to remove the
wreck as soon as possible as a dangerous
bar is forming about it. ' . .
"Will Increase Capital Stock. .
ATLANTA, Ga., July 1.— Application
was made in the Secretary of State's of
fice to-day; to increase .the capital stock
of. the Savannah, : Florida" and Western
Railroad Company from $10,000,000 to $25,
000,000. The reason for - the increase , as
signed in" the application is said to be the
absorption of several roads which makes
a . complete link from; Charleston, . S. C.V
to the Atlantic CoastYallroads ana which
reaches across the southern part of Geor
gia to Tampa and 'extends as far to the
west , as • Montgomery, Ala. '
ST. PAUL, Minn., July 1.— This city to
day entertained a distinguished excursion
party, consisting of Senator Jones of Ne
vada and his son Roy, former Senator
Marlon Butler of North Carolina, former
Senator Pettigrew of South Dakota, Con
gressman Sulzer of New .York, former
Senator Stephen W. Dorsey of New Tork,
Major Robert M. Catlln of San Francisco
and a number of mining experts.
The party left for "the Pacific Coast this
evening. From Seattle they will go to
Alaska on a revenue cutter. . ,
Senator Butler, chairman ot the Popu
list National Committee, said:
The Populist party will go It alone n«xt
time, and we will poll more votes than we ever
did before. The main issue will be . public
ownership— not of everything, understand, but
of the ratural monoplles. W« are not Social
ists. The Populist believes In competition.
Let the public own natural monopolies and
then for the rest let It be every man for him
self and the devil take the hindmost. All we
ask Is that there be equality of opportunity.
The silver question is dead, for the time
being at least, and for one I never favored the
use of that. word silver. All the true Populist
contends for is meney enough to transact busi
ness and maintain the equilibrium of prices.
I believe that coinage and the supply of money
should be resrulated by Jaw.
The Populist party is the progressive party
of the South. In our State It enacted the leg
islation . to encouraee manufacturing, which
broutht eo much prosperity . to that section.
.We are protectionists, of course. V
Expect to Poll a Large
Vote by Cooing It
Alone.
POPULISTS WILL
NAME A TICKET
CALIFORNIANS
HURT IN WRECK
Train.
Union Pacific Passenger
Crashes Into Freight
ROCK SPRINGS. Wyo., July l.-The
eastbound Union Pacific passenger train
No. 6 crashed into a freight;, train- at
Blairstown, a mile west of Rock Springs,
Sunday afternoon. Twenty-eight persons
were Injured, none fatally.
The Injured: Franklin Alcocks, Harrls
burg. Pa.; A. C. Anderson, -Chicago;
James Cunningham, Rock Springs; Mrs.
James >, Cunningham, Rock . Springs;
Thomas Cunningham, .Bock - Spring*; J.
H. Donelly, Jelllco Plains, ; Tenn.;J..W.
Esturlo, San Francisco;' James Ferguson,
Stanford "University; : Miss Agnes , E.
Howe, San Jose, Cal.; Mrs. Teddy James,
Rock Springs; James James, 2 years old,
Rock Springs; William Kenyon, Buffalo,
N. Y.; Mrs. Lantry, Tyler, Tex.; J. A.
Peterson, Company K, Thirty-fourth In
fantry; M. H. Swift, sergeant First Cav
alry, en route from Philippines- "to
Omaha; J. H. Shurtleff, Big Falls, Wis.;
Mrs. A. Sedder, Pocatello; Idaho; Mrs. 'N.
A. Sluder, North Platte, Neb.; Mr. and
Mrs. G. A. - Varner, : Grand . Junction,
Colo.; Mrs. A. M. Wheton, Rahway, N.
J. ; H. J. Marsh, baggage agent, Chey
enne, Wyo.; F. W.' Gregory, .brakeman,
Cheyenne, Wyo.; W. E. Moore,^conduc
tor, and J. W. Benjamin, T. Thompson,
R. ; Rubs and A. , B. Brown, waiters on
dining car. ¦ - . ¦ . ;
All .of the -foregoing received only
slight lnjuries'and proceeded on the train,
except Mrs. Lantry and. J. A. Peterson,
who were ..'sent to. the. State Hospital
here. The . freight ¦' train had . stopped at
Blairstown to take on' some cars. It
was unable I to" back . up to get \ out of the
way and the passenger train, running
forty miles an hour, dashed, into it. Pas-'
senders 'in the : Pullmans -were- not hurt.*
and maintenance of the home. Miss Co
lumbia further declares that her brother
has threatened her life and says he would
PRINCIPALS IN THE ' WAR
NOW .AGITATING THE VON
SCHMIDT FAMILY.
THE Von Schmidt family are row
ing again. This time the daugh
ters are fighting their brother and
mother and now and then drag
ing their S6-year-old father, J.
von Schmidt, into the fray.. This particu
lar trouble has been going on for. the past
few weeks and the outcome v of . it all is
that the father took out a search warrant
yesterday so as to prevent his daughters
from carting away all the furniture con
tained In the family residence, 1612 Wash
ington street. .
Each 'party to the family row has a
thrilling story of devotion to the family
altar and abuse received from the other
members of the family. Miss Columbia
von Schmidt and her sister, Mrs. Otto
Schuffenhauer, declare that everything
contained within the Washington-street
house belongs to them.. Miss Columbia
asserts, that she has been engaged as a
stenographer in the hospital department
out at the Presidio and the $80 a month
she earned all went toward the support
COLLEGE CEEWS ABE
BEADY FOB, THE SIGNAL
POUGHKEEPSIE. X. "S".. July 1— At a
late hour to-night the coaches of the va
rious crews, on the river' declared that
their men were in^good condition and
ready to row the race of their life. There
Is not a sick man in any of the crews, and
all of them were out on the water this
evening doing starts and short races. Cor
nell rowed in beautiful form for three
miles with both crews, but Wisconsin,
picked as a winner by the knowing ones.
as usual, did not row any distance, and
waited until everybody else had gone in.
The effect of the heat of the past few
days on the members of the different
crews was shown this afternoon, when the
men weighed in for the last time. In
many cases, especially with Cornell and
Columbia, it was found that there' had
been a loss of irem two to three pounds,
and the coaches attribute the fact solely
to the hot weather. They all assert that
it is not to be taken as an indication of
tstaleness. and none of them is in the least
worried because of it.
The average weights of the crews as
piven out to-night are: Columbia—Var
sity 15S%. freshmen 151%. Syracuse —
Varsity, \XZ>~k. freshmen, 147%. Cornell—
Vr.rsity. 1G3*.
The sporting element of the college
crews arrived late to-night and the bet
tine began in earnest, there being more
• money up at midnight than was wagered
on the entire races in previous years.
Among the large wagers are even that
Columbia will fce one. two: 1100 that Wis
consin beats Columbia and $75 to $100 on
Cornell against the field. Samuel Boyle.
/ captain of the Pennsylvania varsity crew
in 1S38. offered ?1000 to $800 that Pennsyl
vania's four-caj^d crew would cross the
line a winner, but he got no takers.
HANY NA2TES ADDED
TO THE PENSION ROLLS
Idore Than. Six Hundred Thousand
Claims Are Still Pending -:' : ;
Investigation.-
WASHINGTON. July 1.— A statement
prepared at the pension office shows that
for the fiscal year ended June 30 49,612
names were added to the pension rolls, of
which 44.S61 were original issues and 4751
•were restorations. The original issues in
cluded the following: C." t . ¦.:,
Invalids, Cfvil War, 20,443: inxalids, war
Spain. 2795; survivors of the Mexican war.
15: survivoi-s In-jian wars, 7; widows. Civil
¦\Var. 12,842; widows war 'with Spain, 1241;
widows Mexican War, VOr. widows Indian
wai*. V2; wid<rws "old wars prior to 1861," 6;
widows war of 1812, 3; nurses, 25.
The increases, reratings, etc, numbered
60.013, making the total number of certifi
cates issues 109.665, as against a total of
105.591 in 1900. The increase in the number
of pensioners on the rolls June 30, 190).
compared with the previous year, was
about 2500. The number of claims pend
ing May 31, 1301, was 415,493, and on June
SO. 1901. 625,059.
2ATLWAY PRESIDENT
£*?£•-, 2IAY BE IN" CONTEMPT
Cited to Appear. Before State Railroad
. Board, but "Will Not Be Able
: /V, • to Attend.
KANSAS CITY. July L— B. L. Wlnchell.
president of the Kansas City, Fort Scott
and Memphis Railroad system, is in Fort
.Worth. Tex., to-day. President Wlnchell
has been cited to appear before the State
Railroad Board at Jefferson City to-mor
row to answer interrogatories regarding
the consolidation of the Memphis and
Frisco railroad systems, which, it is as
serted, would be a violation of the Mis
souri constitution prohibiting the amal
gamation of paralle) an d competing: trans
portation lines. It will be impossible for
President Wlnchell to be in Jefferson City
to-morrow.
It is said that the Memphis president is
not ignoring the State Railroad Commis
sion or doubting its authority. The Fort
Worth engagement was made before the
railroad board ordered him to tell all ho
knew.
INDIAN WHEAT . CKOP
WTLI* Gf IVE ' LARGE YIELD
Eeports Indicate the Production, ia
' - i- Germany 'Will Bs Below
. . . the Average.
LONDON. July l.-The Marklane Ex
press, in Us weekly review of the crop
situation, say* to-day: The official report
sivlng the yield of the Indian wheat crop
as S0;926,000 quarters should mean that
nearly €.000,000 quarters will be available
lor export, but as the granaries are com
pletely depleted it is not likely that more
than S.000,000 will be exported.
Summarising the continental position,
the Marklane Express says it expects over
the average wheat yield In JRussia, Bpain
and Servia, an average yield in Italy,
Austria-Hungary, Roumania and the
Netherlands and below the average yield
in Germany, Poland and Scandinavia
The feature of the maize trade contin
ues to be the spirited competition of Hou
manla, Bulgaria and Turkey with the
United States and .Argentina. • - .
r ¦ * ¦
Travel Without, Trunks?
Valises or dress suit cases? Nonsense!
We get them by. the carload eo that we
can sell at low prices. ' . Pocketbooks, bill
books, card cases, belts, etc.. all come in
large shipments. On all fine leather goods,
including kodaks and cameras, we'll let
ter your ; name in gold— free. Sanborn.'
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. ¦ •
parlson to the awful tale of years of suf
fering and woe that the aged ipother tells.
According to Mrs., von Schmidt, who Is
a handsome white-haired lady of 64 years,
she has worked, sjaved and even begged
for the children who to-day have no kind
words for her.
• "I have worked for those children,-" said
Mrs., von Schmidt yesterday, as she .was
preparing to return to her home on Wash
ington; street and -assert her rights as its
mistress,- "I have begged for them and I
have suffered all kinds of Indignities I at
their hands. Two months ago, on account
of their awful treatment of me, I made
up a llttl*» bundle of my personal belong
ings and left the. house. My son, whom
they Insist on slandering, is a noble boy,
who has always done his duty as a son
and a brother.,
"My husband," continued Mrs. von
Schmidt, "Is weak and vacillating. He
espouses my cause, except when In the
presence of the girls, whom he fears."
On Saturday evening Attorney John I*
Boone, representing the Von' Schmidt
parents, and Attorney Cannon, represent
ing the daughters of the Von Schmidts,
arranged that parents and 1 children should
come, together and agree upon an amica
ble settlement. It was arranged then that
the daughters were to take what belonged
to them in the: Washington-street resi
dence and the - property of the aged pa
rents, should be allowed, to remain in the
house. ' The' ownership' of all property
about which there might be any dispute,
it was agreed, should be settled by the
law. '¦¦•¦' ¦' '¦¦ " . • ' . . - - .'
.Von Schmidt- pere . claims that his
- daughters were breaking that arrange
ment and carting all the household be
longings away irrespective of ownership.
-Hence the application for a search war
rant/- "" - ;
The Von Schmidts have brought their
family troubles numerous .times before
the public. The father, has been engaged
in unceasing litigation with his brother.
Colonel A. "W. von Sohmldt, the! well
-•'known civil engineer. Pilot von Schmidt,
who murdered his wife at their home In
Alameda and then- turned his revolver
upon himself and committed suicide, was
a nephew of the unfortunate and unhappy
old man. ' ¦
NEW BATTLESHIP
UP TO CONTRACT
Steering and Maneuver-
ing Qualities of Illinois
Excellent.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
; CALL BUEEAU, 1406 G, STREET,
N. W., July l.-On her
official preliminary trial the battleship Il
linois-made true mean speed of 17.449 nau
tical miles per hour. >
This is the official figure. of the board
of : inspection and survey, which sub-,
mitted its report to-day to Acting Secre
tary Hackett. On the run north over the
Cape' Ann course the Illinois covered
thirty-three nautical ¦ miles In 1 hour 54
minutes and 4. seconds, and on the run
south In 1 hour 54 .minutes 42 seconds,
making the time of total run 3 hours 43
minutes and 46 seconds. The actual speed
was 17.31 knota per hour, but applying the
current corrections brought the speed up
to the figure given. . - -
At the end of the trial the holm was put
hard-a-starboard from amidships In 27 sec
onds, and the ship made a complete turn
In 3 minutes and 3 -seconds, the di
ameter of the turning circle belng"300
yards. The helm was then put hard aport
and a complete turn was made In 3 min
utes and;10 seconds, the diameter of the
turning circle being the same. The helm
vas then put from hard aport to hard-a
starboard Jn 25 seconds. «,
¦ The displacements of tha ¦ ship at the
trial draft, 23 feet 6 inches, was 11,500
tons. ; The working, of the machinery,
both main and .auxiliary, and the per
formance was in all respects satisfactory 1 .
The steering and maneuvering qualities
of the vessel are excellent, and she is very
free • from structural vibrations. - Tho
board concludes its report by stating that
the Illinois meets all the- retirements of
the contract with, the exception of .the
minor unfinished work, which is now be
ingr completed. ¦ .'. . L . . . .
SECRET SERVICE
SUBMIT REPORT
Coin Counterfeiting on
Decrease Throughout
Country.
Ghief Wilkie " Suggests the
Passage of Habitual
Criminal Act.
,. 'XVASHIXGTON. Julr L— The annual re
" port of Chief Wilkle of the secret eervice
dl\-ision, submitted to Secretary Gaga to
day, states that during the twelve months
ending June 10, 1P01, thera were placed in
circulation but four new counterfeit notes
egainst an average of about ten for each
year during the - preceding ten years.
Only" one of these new notes was danger
ous, the others being the product of un
s killed workmanship The total amount
, of counterfeit currency which came Into
the possession of the division during the
>-aar amounted to $30.056.' while $18,117 In
tounterfeit coin was confiscated. Coin
counterfeiting ' decreased all % over the
country except in New York and vicinity,
vrhere there has been a gradual Increase
In this class of crime, particularly cases
In which genuine silver forms the basis
of the imitations. The arrests for twelve
months show a total of 594. :¦'".'¦: .'
Of these- 410 were for making, passing
nnd having in possession counterfeit coin.
- There ¦were ninety arrests for altering
United States obligations. Of those per
sons arrested 262 were convicted. 146 are
;vwaiting the action of the courts, one is
B. fugitive from justice, one committed
tjuiclde while awaiting trial, and fifty-five
•were acquitted. New York State leads the
list with 60 cases: Illinois is second with
,64; Pennsylvania, 51; Missouri, 47; Indi
ana. 44: and Alabama. 25.
There, were two cases in Cuba.
Of the, prisoners - thirty-five were
Italians, twenty-four -were Germans, and
six Swedes. Four hundred and thirty-two
were born In the United States.
The contraband property captured in
duded.372 sets of molds, of which twenty
tour were metal and 246 plaster of parls.
There were forty-five metal dies for the
striking of coin and 202 plates of various
character for the printing of the currency
of this and foreign countries. Eighty-one
plates for the printing of forbidden adver-.
iising material were also confiscated. A
large amount of work was performed 'for
t he other departments of the Government.
Jn connection with national bank defalca
tions, naturalization frauds, thefts of
Government stores and property at the
"L'nlted States mint and assay offices.
The drafting of a habitual criminal act
for submission to Congress Is urged.
ONCE MORE WAR IS RENDING
THE FAMILY OF VON SCHMIDT
Row Over the Ownership of Household Effects Leads to Bitter Strife
Between Parents and Children and an Application ' for a
Search Warrant to Have Matters 'by/ the Courts
Mrs. Schuffenhauer sides with her sister
in' the disagreeable •famUyTsquabble.V She'
recently -brought suit to; recover, from her.
brother, Augustus Middleton von Schmidt,
$500,' money she declares she gave her rel
ative In trust.' '?.• ;¦; " : '-; ;" ' ¦¦¦¦¦'- >" - .
'Although the,;-storyj:.of : . the " reputed'
wrongs of .'the Von Schmidt; sister, is
bitter and cruel, '.it .is . naught -in- corn-
have taken away from her .little Naomi,
the waif of the Midwinter Fair, whom she
has . adopted.' According "' .to von
Schmidt, she has been most outrageously
treated by her family, .whom, she says,
she has supported for many years.- - :
FIVE MEN LOOT
TOWN IN CHINA
Turned O ver to the Legation
Gruard at Peking, to Be
- Tried for Their Crime.
Alleged Americans Are
Captured by Impe
rial Troops.
Continued from Page One.
SUN'S RAYS TURN
% CITIES INTO OVENS.
The Berlin authorities believe also, like
the other powers, that. Russia's proposi
tion is not likely to go Into effect. Hence
Germany confidently expects a final agree
ment upon the question. The matter of
the renewal and modification of commer
cial treaties with China is meanwhile be
ing taken up Jointly by the -Peking diplo
mats, since this, like the indemnity mat-,
ter, is expected to be settled in unison,. at
least in its general features. ' Germany,
with the other China sea-trading powers,
advocates the ' principle of / the "open
door," the opening of additional harbors
and the greatest possible commercial lib
erty. -...-•¦¦ - ¦• ' ' ¦¦¦ ¦••¦>-,
' Well Informed circles here; believe Rus
sia-does not oppose this upon principle,
though she may object to certain details
when the treaty negotiations are more
advanced.' ) -...'¦• . . "."-¦"
i In relation to the present status of Pe
king diplomatic negotiations the corre
spondent learns upon, reliable authority
that the question of guarantees securing
the indemnities is still unsolved, a differ
ence of "opinion, between I Great Britain
and Russia still existing.
Russia's Proposition.
tl Russia's proposition Is to raise the sea
tolls from 5 to 10 per cent, but only If the
junk and salt taxes with 5 per cent of sea
tolls shall not yield .sufficient results.
Great Britain's objections' to Russia's
proposition are believed to be dictated less
by- practical reasons, since the foregoing
taxes would most probably suffice, than
the popular sentiment in Great Britain
and Parliament.
•BERLIN, July 1.— Nothing Is known in
German' official circles regarding the news
from Shanghai to the effect that Kaifong
fu", in the province of Honan. is to become
the Chinese capital. The latest reports
received here from Peking reiterate the
statement that it is the court's intention
to return to Peking.
vThe German. Government-has. not been
informed touching . the plans of Prince
Chun further than that he Is coming to
Berlin to apologize for Baron ven Ket
teler's murder. If Prince Chun means
also tc visit other European courts and
Washington th<» Berlin authorities have
not -been Informed.
Concerning Chinese j Capital.
•PEKING, July l.-Five< men calling
themselves Americans were captured . by
Chinese "troops in ; a town fifty miles from
Peking and were to-day ~ turned over to
Major E. Robertson, commander of the
"United States legation guard here. The
men, who were armed, demanded 5000
taels -from the keeper of a pawnshop, and
got 500. They filled five carts with plun
der and then commenced shooting, not
knowing, that the town was occupied by
.100 Chinese troops.- The- United States le
gation was notified and the' quintet was
brought in.- • --¦>..• . . ¦ '
- All parts of Peking occupied by the Brit
ish for police purposes were'turned over
to-day to the Chinese authorities. The
foreign Ministers will meet July 3.
TH E . SAN FJRANCISCO CALjLi, .XtJESDAYy \.\ JU~iY 2, :li)6ly
2
OCEA1T TRAVEL.
Pacifio Coast Steamship Co.
« Steamer* leavs Broadway
W Wharf, San Francisco:
fBBfc^. For Alaskan cort«— 11 a. m..
PK^Si^ July 5. 10. 15. 20. 23. SO. Au«.
|B«*!»3sak 4. Ch*n«e to company*
I&E^UH steamers at Seattle.
ESsSSN Si B"of Victoria, Vancouver (B.
! y&2ir&i&&( C.). Port Townsend Seattle, j
i I Tacoma. Everett. Anacorte»
and New "WTiatcom fWash.) —
- 7^ 11 a. m.. July 5. 10. 15. ». 25. SO.
Au». A. and every fifth day thereafter. Chang*
at Seattle for this company's • teamen for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry. : at VancouTer to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Huxnboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
July 1. 6, 11. 15, 20, 25. 30. Au». 4. J. 13. IS, 23.
28, Sept. 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los AntrMe* and Redondo (Loa An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.;
steamer Corona. Wednesdays, 9 a. m. ; %
Fcr Los Anseles, calllns at Santa Cruz.
Monterery. San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford
f San Luis ' Gbisr>o). Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro. San Pe- •
dro and *3f ewport (*Coos Bay only) — Steamer
Coos Bay; Saturdays. 9 a. m. ; Steamer Bo-
nlta, Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Knsenada. J.rasrdalrna Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Gnaymas (ilex.) — 10 a. m., 7th each
month. ,
Fcr further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves tha rieht to ehansre
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing:
without previous 1 notlre.
TICKET OFFICE — t New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel)
GOODALU PERKIXS A CO.. Gen. A«ents.
.,".' . - 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R.& N. CO.
Only Stflamalxtp Xilna «e»
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Sh«rt Rail Lfno from Portland to «n
pofnts East. ThronCh i!;keM to all
point*, all mil mm «te»tnshln nnd rail, at
TjOTTEST fUA.rrrE3S.
STEAKSS TICSXTS INCLTTLS BE5TH ui M2AL3.
SS. COLtTMBIA -
.....Sails July 2. 12, 22. August 1. n. 21 21
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails JDly 7. 17. 27. Aunrust 9. 1«. M
D.W.HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt..lMontgom'y.S.F.
TOYO KLSEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS W11.T> LEAVE TVHARP". COR-
ner First and Brannan street*, at 1 d m
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling »'*
Kobe (Hicsro), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers foi
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARtT... Wednesday. Julv I? I'm
SS. AMERICA MARC... .Saturday. Aug. 10 1901
ES. HONGKONG MARU
\. Wednesday. September 4. 1901
Ronnd-trlp tickets at reduced rates. Foi
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
PANAMA R, B.-'SSf
TO NEW YORK. VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabm. $105: Steers**, *40.
5. 6. Leelanaw sails Monday, July 13
8. 6. Argyll saila Monday, Aug. IS
6. S. Leo! an aw sail* .MorHar. An 4. S0
From Sea Wall (Section 1) at 3 . p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market it.
• F. F. CONNOR. Paclflo Ccast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA 6UD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Centra,
and South American ports. Balling from How-
ard-street -wharf So. S. 12 m. • -^
TUCAPEL July «f ACONCAGUA ..July 3
AREQUIPA ....July 10 1 PERU : .August^
These steamers are built expressly for Cwv
tral and South American passenger servlca
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) FrelgW -
and pa!>»nrer offlco, S1« California street. - < ¦
BAXJPOtm. GUTHRIE * CO.. Gen. Agents.
SS. ZEAIANDIA (Honolulu on!y). ..........
Friday. July t p. m
BS. SIERRA (via Honolulu), for Samoa,
New Zealand and Australia „
Thursday. July 11. 10 a. m
SS. AVSTRAIOA. for Tahiti...
..-. Tuesday. August 6. 10 a, m
i. Q.MELS ft BROS. CO., Bwsra! Annts. 32? Ibrhi S
Qu'! Pasargar Dfes, 643 Mirtat St.. far Ma. 7. Piciflc S
¦'¦¦•¦¦•
C0M7A8XIB 6IHR1LB TSlKSltXAKTIQU]
DIRECT XJNBJ TO HAVRE-PARIS, -
Sailing every Thursday, Instead ot -«ffi?ff5
Saturday, at 10 a, m,, from pier *3.
North River, foot of Morton street: La Gas
cogue. July 11) *La Normandle. July 13; Li
Bretagne, July !3j La Champagne, August 1
I First class to Havre. 170 and upward. Secom
class to • Havre. $45 and upward. GEMER A 1
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN
.ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). Net
York. J. F, FUGAZI . & CO.. Padno Coaa
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco
I Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Twin Screw Bapreaa . Steamers!
BAY AND BIVEB STBAMEB3
?FOR U. S^NAYY YARD AND YALLEJa
Steamers GEN. FRISBIEor MOlimCELLO
9:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun
day. Sunday, i. »:4S a. m., 8:30 p. m. . Leava -
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. 8 p. m.. exoep '
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a., m.. 4:13 p. m, Fars 3
cents. Telephone Main 1308. Landing and ot
nee, pier X Mlsslon-st dock. HATCH BBOS
NEW ADVEBTISEMBNTS.
: HAIR SOFT AS SILK, i ¦
New, Scientific Treatment Kills Dan-
"•'¦: druff Germs and Makes Hair; Soft.
',- It -is^ an accepted ; fact, a proven > fact,
.that*. dandruff is "a germ disease; and it Is
also a demonstrated fact '.- that Newbrb's
Herplcide kills the dandruff germ. ; "With-
out dandruff r falling hair, will , stop,' and
thin hair wM 'thicken, :Herpiclde not only
kills the dandruff germ; but, it 'a^p'makes
hair'as soft as ellk. [ It 13 the most dellght-
Iful^halrr dressing made. ~ It r cleanses ,the
scalp from u dandrun*{and, keeps it ; clean
and;healthy;j Itching and irritation are ! in-
stantly.' relieved, • and t permanently.' cured:
'At all druggrists. -There'snothing_"just as
good.":* Take , no' substitutes. Ask for
"Herplcicle." ' ' '. ;
t ADVEBTTSiaOINTS^^ -_.__
• l Ui5 A l i\u l no*
WMJJJA DROP °^ in k will oxAor a whole glass
|||^ of water. It is an inch of yeast which
I makes a pan of bread rise, and a single |
I^^S cake of soap containing unabsorbed
alkali can ruin a hundred times its cost in laces !
and fine embroidery. After all, is it wise to take
such risks with common soap ? Of course you
can get along* without Ivory Soap. So can a.
wagon without axle grease — but it goes hard.
Mnmxr i*» st tms nonu a m— is eo. •tMMMm
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
lllllttT '-•;;.-/
H "pils Grwtl Train
i "^ runs but twice
m ptr week during
I THURSDAY -—
I TH _ Leaving at 9 am,
I ; lltrrltMla.
IiiHiirii
| LS I!1 1 1 LU Its Ms»j standard
p ei Mrvfee Is
I / 0 N fully maintained.
" -J—_^ tSTRICTLY RELIABLE.
f^A MEN-
N&«*&y, ONLY!
«^*Ste^ R Y FAR THE
AxOkMl *-* greater number of
f/ V *"JMV patients seeking relief
' j S^tt/dk^y* lor so-called weakness
/ are strong, robust men in
'¥,1 II every other respect. Our
\ Wk. 1 1 // theory that Loss of Vital-
\/» y/ // lty Preanatureness. eta.
are not weaknesses, but the symptoms of In-
flammatory processes In the Prostate Gland
'(so-called neck of bladder) caused by con-
tracted disorders and early dissipation. Is now
being adopted by the leading specialists of the
world. Under our local plan of treatment,
directed - toward reducing the enlarged and
swollen Prostate, immediate results, as indi-
cated by increased circulation and renewed
strength, are observed. . Our colored chart of
the organs, which we send free on application.
Is Interesting to any one wishing to study- the
anatomy of the male. J* •-• •
DR. 1ALC0IT & CO., 997 Market St.
DR.MEYERS&CJ2. Jpi&
Specialists. Disease £sM&f } \
and -weakness of Kggfe' ' f
men. Established *^M»,^Sf >
1SS1. Consultation TN? ©
and private book *^ \
free, at office or by V^
mall. Cures guar- \%F'£t&&M&
anteed. 731 Mar- f^^^pS
ket street (eleva- ><X j*^^i'^r
tor entrance), San
Francisco.
jf^^^^lk CANDY CATHARTIC *"•
tie. tij^''^'^ > 'n3'jr*ff^u^s rt<y ' i^*^'*^rTiit t ii[i.
Genuine stamped CCC Never sold In buK
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
¦V; something "fust as .good.
OCEAN TRAVEL,
AMERICAN LINE.
HSW T0KK. SOCTHAHPTOS. WSD0S. PABML
.' \ Stopping ¦ at Cherbourg, westbound, ¦
From New Tork E^ery "Wedneaday, 10 a, m,
St. Louis.. .„,,.. July lTf Philadelphia .August 7\
Bt Paul August 7 St. Paul.,,... August 21
St. Louis. .... August Hi St, Louia.. September 4
' .- RED STAR LINE.
.New York and Antwerp.
- From New YoiVEvery Wednesday, 12 neon,
•Zeeland July W Southwark " July a
Frlesland .......July 17 •Vaderland ..August 7
1-ennland July 21 Kensington ..August 14
• *Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound; ¦
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,'
• •: ¦- •:< CHAa D. TATLPH,
General Agent Paclflo, Coast. 30 ilonrjomenr st. j
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Tw'n-ScreW Express Service
PLTMtibTH-CHERBOURQ-HAMBURQ, "
Deutschland ,...July 11 F. Bismarck.. , .Aug. '1
Columbia . ,..,.".. July 25|Deutschland . ...Aug. 8
iwln-^cre«/ Passjnj:? service. ¦¦
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURO, »
•Phoenicia^ ,.....Ju\y WlWalderBee , July 27
Patricia ....July 20[*Bulgaria Aug., 3
' ¦:.'.; -•Sails to Hamburz direct. ' . I
hamburg-Mmericao'Lini.' 3T.o'Way. N. .Y: .'
• herzoq & CO., General 'Agents for Paciflo
Coast, 401 California st,I ¦ ¦ ¦ . ' ' . . . ~ ¦
j THREE LEADING PERFORMERS WHO ARE APPEARING AT VARIOUS
PLAYHOUSES THIS WEEK AND ADDING TO THE PLEASURE OF THE
ATER-GOERS. ..
Of 555 Japanese university students who
were questioned as to their religious be
liefs no, fewer than 472 called themselves
atheists.'
to California and return, via Southern
Pacific, on home-seekers' excursions, semi
monthly, this summer. Southern Pacific
agents will be glad to furnish free Cali
fornia literature for Eastern . friends and
accept deposits for tickets. Short line
from all the principal Eastern cities.
Tourist excursions personally conducted.
Call on nearest agent Southern Pacific.
Low Bound-Trip Bates West-Bound
for Home-Seekers.
One limited fare, plus $2, from the East
To Be or Not to BeP
Wonders the amateur, taking his first
photos. You can obtain- a satisfactory
negative by using our latest Premo, Poco
and Eastman cameras. We have an ever
fresh 6tock of supplies and are continual
ly adding novelties. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741- Market street./ •
PBOMINENT POLITICIANS
UNDER INDICTMENT
Cripple Creek Grand Jury Finds True
Bills Against Several City
Officials.
CRIPPLE CREEK, July 1.— Several
more indictments of men prominent in
the official life of this city were returned
by the Grand Jury to-day and three ar
rests were made. Among those arrested
is Charles Wells, a prominent Republican
politician and director of the School
Board, on five counts, bribery, solicitation
of a bribe and threi charges of obtaining
money on false pretense.
Charles Northcutt, an ex-policeman,
charged with being a" beneficiary of the
Man|la House robbery some months ago,
was also arrested.
Dr. J. B. Gaston was arrested late in
the day. • He is accused of having assisted
in spiriting away Joseph . Encenaur from
the County Hospital to prevent him from
testifying against a prominent lumberman
who was under arrest for shooting Ence
naur. Gaston was attending Encenaur
while the latter was lying at the hospital.
Encenaur was last heard of in Chicago.
were opposed to one another and to-day's
election showed their respective strength
with the Supervisors. Cottle was Mac
kenzie's candidate and Rea was back of
Canelo. Each controlled two votes on the
board, and the balance of power lay with
Supervisor Roll, a Democrat. Super
visors Austin and George Rea voted for
Canelo and Supervisors Knowles and
Stern for Cottle. Roll voted for Canelo.
thus making Rea the victor.
This is believed to be the beginning of
a fight between Rea and Mackenzie for
supremacy. For some time they have not
been the best of friends and Rea has de
clared recently that he intends to open
political headquarters and take a band in
city and county affairs. The capture of
the license collector, the Reaites claim,
will give them the backing of .the saloons.
Canelo took his office at once. He will
receive as compensation 5 per cent of the
amount of the licenses collected.
MOHE cnTmT-Tvr a -r.tt a t .s rKT
CAUP WALLACE BEYUOIJJS
Quartermaster and Adjutant Must
Ifow Pace Mock Trial in the
Assembly Tent.
SANTA CRUZ, July L— This was mili
tary day at Camp Wallace Reynolds. The
Fourth Gun Division of the Naval Militia,
Lieutenant C. E. Lindsay in command,
met at the Armory this evening and pro
ceeded thence in full uniform to the camp.
As it approached the booming cannon an
nounced its coming. The division was
met and escorted into camp toy Command
er Bryant. The members went through
a gun drill perfectly and won much praise.
Lieutenant Lindsay is an orator and gave
a ringing and patriotic address. General
Ewers, who has been through the Cuban
campaign and has seen thirty-nine years
of service, was another speaker.
The ladles in the camp are all wearing
ellk flags so that the red, white and blue
is seen at ail times on the beach and
around town. The camp is to be given
ever to-morrow entirely into the hands of
the ladies. The offlcer in command will
be Mrs. Levina Woodruff of San Jose; the
officer of the day, Mrs. J. S. Gage of San
Jose; the guards, MrF. S. J. Post. Mrs.
Carrie Stone. Mrs. S. J. Kingston of San
Jose and Mrs. Mary E. Nichols of Los
Gatos.
J. J. Nichols, quartermaster, and Moore
Briggs, adjutant, have been ordered to
appear before the court-martial to-mor
row. They are charged with having left
camp and exposed property to the depre
cation of the public. Commander Bryant,
who faced the same charge, pleaded guil
ty and will appear before Judge Smith
In the assembly tent to-morrow evening
for sentence.
The board of inquiry In the case of Mrs.
Abbie Shuler. Eliza Brown and W. S.
Irwln. charged with having hoisted the
country'* flag In an Inverted position, or
Eignal of distress, reported the defendants
fruilty as charged and the sentence was
that they be publicly paraded before the
camp on dress parade to-morrow evening
at 5 o'clock. The verdict was approved
by the camp commander, but he disap
proved of the sentence.
Saloon-Keepers Bring Test Cass.
CINCINNATI. O.. July L— The Brewers'
Exchange of Cincinnati, which Includes
the brewers of Covingfon and Newport,
Ky.. and other surrounding towns, was
sued to-day for damages on a test case
brought by the Saloon-keepers' Associa
tion to dissolve the exchange as in viola
tion of the Ohio anti-trust law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JACKSON, July 1.— Fire last night de
stroyed the whole of the local Chinatown,
located at the north end of Main street,
and this morning the charred remains of
a Chinese were found in the ruins. The
unfortunate Mongolian, whose name. the
officials have not learned, was employed
as a cook in a dwelling house. He ls sup
posed to have visited the haunts of his
countrymen to smoke opium or indulge
in llauor, and it is probable that he was
In a stupor when the names broke out.
In addition to the Chinatown, with Its
josshouse, W. S. Gilbert's variety store.
If. S. Tallon's saloon building, occupied
by Thomas Lemln, and the dwellings of
Mrs. B. Sanguinetti and Mrs. Parker were
destroyed. The loss is estimated at $20,
000. The buildings were frame and burned
rapidly and had there been any wind the
entire business section of the town would
have been destroyed.
t The losses are estimated as follows:
Eight Chinese houses, including-. a store,
a laundry and the josshouse, with all their
contents, $12,000; H. S. Tallon, $1500; W. S.
Gilbert, two buildings and goods, $1800;
Thomas Lemin, stock of liquors, $500; Mrs.
1. Sanguinettl, dwelling, $1000; Mrs. Par
ker, dwelling, $500; other small losses,
$3000. The insurance is, as far as known,
less than $1000.
TEHAMA, July 1. — Fire supposed to
have been incendiary broke out In the
rear of A. Chigneaux's saloon at Vina
early yesterday morning, destroying the
town's principal business block. The estl-*
mated losses are: W. H. Marshall, build
ing. $2500; Mrs. U&htfoot, building, $1500;
S. H. Frese. meat market, $4500; Mr"s.
Thompson, restaurant and lodgings, $2500;
Hildebrandt & Holloman, saloon, $800; A.
Chigneaux, saloon, $500: Jones .& Frese,
building. $000; Barker & Sill, saloon. $1000;
R. B. Strawbridge, general merchandise,
$10,000; C. F. McGovern, Justice Court,
$2S0; C. N. Sill, building, $300. The Insur
ance is reported -to be about one-half the
estimated loss.
Fire Sweeps Grain Fields.
WOODLAND, July 1.— Fire north of
Madison yesterday caused great loss of
property. John Archer, J. B. Jones and
the county are the principal losers. The
nre started in some foxtail in the creek
west of Madison bridge. It soon crept up
over the bank ami spread rapidly over th©
fields of Thomas Adams, Willoughby and
son, John Archer and J. R. Jones. Nearly
five miles of fencing, 3000 sacks of barley
and two stacks of hay were destroyed.
Four hundred feet, all wood, of the Madi
son bridge was destroyed. All the tim
bers in the first span of the steel portion
of the bridge were also burned. The loss
to the counts' will not be less than $3000.- •
Flames Destroy the Mon
golian Quarter in
Jackson.
CHINESE HOUSES
FOOD FOR FIRE
¦rf-«?vrrTSBURG, July L— The end of
I )J the first day of strike troubles be
11-=*' tween the Amalgamated Assocla
1L tion of Iron, Steel and Tin: Work
ers on one side and the; American
Sheet Steel Company and American Steel
Hoop Company, constituent companies of
the United States Steel Corporation, on
the other, finds all of the union plants Idle
and many workers from open mills, who
are members of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation, on strike. The association officials
say they are satisfied with the situation
and claim they will control between 35,000
and 40,000 men in the two companies! No
move was made to-day on the part of
either side to the controversy, and it ls
doubtful if any decisive movement will be
made for at least a week. Both men and
manufacturers agree that a shutdown for
about two weeks is necessary, whether a
settlement ls reached or not In the
meantime the association officials will
make every preparation to be fully equip
ped for a prolonged struggle should it be
come necessary.
While officials of neither side will ven
ture a prediction, much quiet talk ls be
ing done, the trend of which leads to the
belief that before the usual summer shut
down of the mills has expired a settle
ment will have been reached.
The Amalgamated officials do not con
sider the negotiations with the Steel Hoop
Company as broken, off. I. W. Jenks,
manager of the company. Is of the same
mind and to-day intimated that the mat
ter might be taken up any day. and gave
the Inference that a settlement would be
arrived at. . _ ¦ ' ¦
Reports received at the general offlce of
the Amalgamated Association to-nlg-ht
show that nearly all the independent mills
have signed the new wage scale.
Mills Claimed by Both Sides.
Added Interest was given to the strike
Fltuation when it became known that the
two mills which were the cause of dis
agreement between the Amalgamated As
r-ociation and the American Sheet Steel
Company are claimed by both parties-^
These mills are the old Meadows at
Scottsdale and the Saltsburg Mill. These
officials, who refused to sign the union
scale seem much surprised at the claims
of President Shaffer that the mills are
union. The sheet steel officials appeared
to have a trifle the better of the argument
to-dav, when word came foom Scottsdale
that the men now working there refused
tO QUlt-
Speaklng of conditions at Scottsdale,
John Jarrett. secretary of the labor bu
reau of the Sheet Steel Company, said to
day: ..;^-''_ v
The amalgamated people have no claim to
the Meadows and Saltsburr mines. The men.
particularly in Scottsdale. are workine under
personal asreements with us. These agree
ments bave been extended to January 1. JSOZ.
I "understand that the workers there do not
desire any change. They left the Amalga
mated Association of their own volition. They
came to us many months ago and pleaded to
BOSSES AT WAR
IN GARDEN CITY
Rea and McKenzie Begin
Bitter Fight for Su
premacy.
Special Dlspetca to Tie Call.
SAN JOSE, July L— John. D. Canelo,
¦who for years has been a deputy in the
County Recorder's offlce, was to-day
elected county license collector by the
Board of Supervisors. Elmer E. Cottle,
Deputy City Treasurer, was a candidate
for the position. James W. Rea. and
"Joiinnle" Mackenzie, the political bosses.
CHICAGO. July 1.— The threatened
strike to-morrow of the 3000 woodworkers
in Chicago was averted to-night by the
manufacturers of saloon, store and office
fixtures, who acceded to the demands of
the men and signed a two-year agreement
granting an advance of- 25 cents a day in
the men's wages.
"Woodworkers' Strike Averted.
CINCINNATI, July 1.— A conference was
held here to-day between the representa
tives pf the Laidlaw-Dunn-Gordon Com
pany and the striking machinists In an
endeavor to reach a settlement of the
trouble at that plant. President August
Herrman of the Board of \ New Water
Works Commissioners was a party to the
conference as an arbitrator. A proposi
tion was submitted by the manufacturers,
and after several hours' session It was
amended that the representatives of the
strikers agree to submit It to their ex
ecutive board for approval. The nature
of the proposition was not made public.
About 350 machinists are employed at this
plant. It is expected that should the
trouble at this plant be satisfactorily set
tled other settlements will speedily follow.
Conference on Machinists' Strike.
At the office of the American Steel Hoop
Company it was stated that certain plants
of the company were closed- this week for
needed repairs and the national holiday.
The others were at work as ufeual, but
none of the officials would allow them
selves to be quoted on the present wage
complication.
President Shaffer said to-night that he
had nothing to say further than has al
ready been published. His determination
to carry the interests of the Amalgamated,
Association to a successful finish is un
abated. :
President Shaffer of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation knows that the men at Scottsdale arid
at Saltsbunr voluntarily asked the steel man
agement to grlve them a share of the work be
tng done at the other mills of the company at
the terms of the company or at any terms.
The workers also proposed an individual con
tract, which in the case of one of the mills at
Scottsdale runs for two years and at a rate
no lower than is paid in the organized mills.
The differences In the wage agreement is that
the mill committee ls | done away with and
that the wage rate does not advance until the
wage rate under the - amalgamated agreement
has advanced 10 per cent above the base. In
other words, should the price of sheets entitle
organized mills to a five per cent advance in
wages, the mills working under the individual
contract system will receive no advance.
A well-known independent sheet maker
stated to-day that Indications pointed to
a peaceful settlement of the trouble. He
said:
Peaceful Settlement Expected.
have the mills started. They would asree to
cut the amalgamated for all time if wo could
but etart the mills. They are making money
now, something which they did not do when
quarreling all the time with the association.
President Shaffer can order out his men, but
the quentlon is. can he stop the mill? -¦-'•¦¦-
The whole thins In a nutshell is that the
Amalgamated Association seems anxious to
have us force these men at. Scottsdale ana
Salisbury to come into their fold aeain. This
we will not do.
STRIKING STEEL WORKERS
CLOSE ALL UNION PLANTS
Interest Given to the ¦ Situation by Both
Parties Claiming the Two Mills -Which
Are the Cause of Present Dissatisfaction
The prese"A ot Hamburg: - la
705,000; - " ,' ; •• ' : .;•
Special Dispatch to The Call. "
SAN BERNARDINO, July 1.— Wong
Tong, a wealthy Chinese merchant, was
shot and killed this afternoon in his store
at North Ontario, twenty miles west of
this city, by Wong Yuan, a notorious
highbinder of Los Angeles. Three shots
were- fired, the first" taking effect in the
right lung and causing almost Instant
dqath. The assassin then fired two more
shots into the prostrate body of his vic
tim, after - which • he • made his escape in
the direction of Pomona. •; Sheriff Charles
Rouse and a posse are In close . pursuit,
with every chance of effecting an early
capture. •/
The principals In the tragedy were mem
bers of rival tongs and a bitter . enmity
had existed between them'- for .several
years. The murderer has been in North
Ontario for several days, remaining most
of the time in l*iding.r>He was: suspected
by Wong Tong, and the latter, with his
friends, had apparently taken precau
tions, but when Wong Tuan -.walked into
the store this afternoon he took 'his vic
tim unawares. Wong Tong reached for
a revolver, but was a few seconds too late.
Wong Tong had been - a resident' of
North Ontario fpr fifteen : years and •¦ was
liked by everybody. His 5-year-old son
narrowly escaped receiving ,•¦ a death
wound, as one of the' bullets, passed
through bis blouse.
HIGHBINDER'S BULLET
KILLS A HIGH CHINESE
WITH a very good production of
"The Only Way," the Fraw
ley Company last night open
ed its ¦ season at the Grand
Opera-house. A large crowd
greeted the popular organization, and the
many favorites in the cast were warmly
welcomed.
E. J. Morgan, who appears as leading
man; Theodore Roberts. J. R. Amory,
Wallace Shaw, Katherine Grey and Phosa
McAllister were all included in the cast
and received individual greetings.
' Ernest Defarge In the original produc-,
tion, E. J. Morgan now assumes the lead-
Ing role of Sidney Carton, the part made
so famous by Henry Miller last year, and
the criticism of the performance last even
ing inevitably consisted chiefly of com
parisons between Mr. Morgan's and Mr.
Miller's work in spite of aphorisms to the
contrary. And there is no doubt that Mr.
Morgan does good work, in places excel
lent work, though his conception is in
quite another key from that of Henry
Mlller_and in a key perhaps less high and
pleasing. Miller's Carton was a devil
may-care, clever fellow, Intermittently
cynical, good-tempered always, and with
a careless nobility that sat easily on a
pair of shrugging shoulders. A light touch
he had through it all, and this is where
the chief difference between the two In
terpreters comes In.
Morgan is overstrenuous in his methods,
overearnest, a little, heavy-handed. < His
Carton Is the cynic throughout, lacking
almost entirely in the quaint loveableness
that characterized Miller's, conception of
the careless martyr, and in the trial scene,
•where before the tribunal Carton
wheedles the impressionable mob into
clemency for his enemy. Morgan's hail
fellow well met with the bloodthirsty
bourgeoisie comes but stiffly. All through
elasticity, bonhomie, lightness, are. want
ing in the conception, bufeven without
these Mr. Morgan's performance, aided
as it is by his handsome face and figure,
should be a very pleasing one. . His first
scene is really admirable, even side by
side with that of Miller,- and there is dis
tinct hope for the part's future reach in
Mr. Morgan's hands. --' ii!/i .
Theodore Roberts, as Jean Defarge,
filled a good place in the cast, 'Wallace
Shaw essayed successfully the part of
Mr. Stryver, and J. R. Amory was a
quaint and delightful old busybody as
Mr. Lorry. Qharles Darnay was done by
John Mason, an actor new to ub here, and
was played with sympathy and warmth.
H. S. Duffleld played a good Dr. Manette.
Olympia.
~ I^ester Reeves, the barytone, whose
singing was a feature --of the Orpheum
bill a few weeks ago, last night made a
big hit at -the Olympia. The rest of the
Olympia .bill Is good, and lone, . in poses
plastiques, Is a fine attraction.:
The first night of the second week of
"Sapho" drew a splendid house to the
Alcazar last evening. Florence Roberts
was at'her best and drew rounds of ap
plause from the. audience. White Whit
tlesey and the rest of the company guve
her excellent support. Next week Miss
Roberts will be seen In the "School for
Scandal."
Alcazar.
The- Chutes has an attractive bill this
week. Flatt and Sutherland appear in a
clever musical act; Spencer Kelly, the
popular barytone, repeated his big suc
cess made at the OrpheurrT a short time
ago; the La Monts are clever acrobats.
Other good numbers are Memphis Ken
nedy in a comedy musical act, Etta Aron
sen and LJUle Choate, two clever juve
nile song and dance artists; Hopper and
Hopper in a laughable sketch, and a
series of comic moving pictures.
Chutes.
Cigarette, as Blanche Bates portrays
her, is a character to afford joy and which
bears repeated seelngs. Ormonde Is well
cast as Bertie Cecil and Gilllngwater as
the Earl of Rockingham. Edward L.
Abels scores in the little part of Rake, a
valet with the instincts of a gentleman.
There will be a special matinee of "Un
der Two Flags" on the afternoon of the
Fourth.
"Under Two Flags," with Blanche
Bates In the star role, began its second
week at the Columbia last evening. The
attendance was large and enthusiastic and
at the close of each act there were recalls
for all the players.
Columbia.
Annie Myers and Edward Webb as "the
Babes" are as funny as -the roles require
and receive many a well won encore. Ber
nice Holmes, the Lady Macasser, plays
the part with ease and tact and does not
overdo. "The Babes" has caught on. -
of course, has to do the most of the work
and does it well in his usual way. One
can t -have too much of Ferris and his
rare topical gaga. His reading of rThe
Clown s Baby" was the most artistic bit
of work in - the performance. As r>r
Deadatone Arthur Cunningham hasn't
much to do, except to. make love to Maud
WilnamB, the pretty, schoolina'am of the
operetta, and he does* it easily and with
apparent earnestness.- Maud is a grace
ful actress and sweet singer and the role
could not have been intrusted to better
handa. - Alf Wheelan in the subordinate
character of Sir Rowland Macasser is too
far in the background to display his rare
talents, but the love scene with the
schoolma'am was one of the funniest
things in the performance.
BERLIN,. July L— Emperor William has
telegraphed to the presidents of the
French and German automobile clubs ex
pressing his joy at the sociable co-opera
tion of the I French and German racers,
and* at the happy ending . of the Paris-
Berlin race. .. . ;•'' -"^;
Emperor "William. Felicitates.
In the official announcement it Is stated
that the proposed company will construct
smelters, concentrators and refineries ad
jacent to the various properties, which
will involvcthe expenditure of millions of
dollars. . ' :}',,' \~, '¦>:.¦-/¦_ --V^-'- 'I ""¦.* v-^ ; '
; NEW YORK, July L— The Herald will
say to-morrow: Official announcement
was made yesterday of the completion of
an Irrtnense *?ad combination having a
capitalization cf about $20,000,000, which
will control the output of the lead fields
in Southeastern Missouri. In the consollr
dation, which has > not as yet taken cor
porate shape, will be included the prop
erties of the ; Guggenheim Exploration
Company, the Standard Oil lead mines,
the Whitney-Ryan holdings, those of the
Union Lead and Oil Company and the
Electric Storage Battery Company and
mines owned by Grant B. Schley of this
city. - - ¦
The different Interests mentioned will be
consolidated info one company, which in
turn will be managed by the Guggenheim
Exploration Company of New Jersey, a
concern formed a year ago "with a capital
stock of J6.000.0CO. ™ ,
Smelters and Refineries Adja
cent to Properties Acquired.
Combination Intends Constructing
WILIi CONTROL OUTPUT . /i : . ;
/ - - OF MISSOUHI I/RAT) MUTES
Katherine Grey made her reappearance
in the part of Mlmi. This very pretty
young actress has gained considerably
since her last appearance here, and gives
her small part with much quiet natural
ness and grace. Miss Alice Johnson as
the doctor's daughter, Lucle Manette, la
satisfying in the rather ungrateful role.
-The crowd in tlfe tribunal scene is ex
cellently handled,' and the piece adequate
ly, staged.
Orpheum.
Patrons of vaudeville are not likely to
be wearied If they are able ' to witness
such offerings as were presented at the
Orpheum last evening. San Francisco is
far from New York City, and when It is
realized that in the city on the Pacific
Coast one is able to witness for popular
prices exactly *, the same entertainment
presented in the metropolis of the Atlan
tic side of the country for three times the
amount of admisslorf due credit must be
rendered to the management of the Or
pheum circuit.
The bill presented last night was one
replete with novelties. P. Richards is one
of the cleverest cartoonists ever seen In
this city, while the La Moyne Brothers
give an exhibition on the horizontal bars
that is well worth seeing. Ina Allen, a
daughter of California, made her first ap
pearance on the vaudeville stage, and her
powerful mezzo-soprano voice instantly
won, the kind recognition of the audience.
Clayton, White and Marie Stuart present
ed a sketch entitled "Dickey," and the
merry conceit kept the large audience in
raptures of laughter for a long time. •. '
Bimm, Bomm and Brrr, whose real
names are unknown, are a trio of the
mostoinimitable musical clowns ever seen
on the Orpheum stage. The acme of ac
robatic work is "presented by the Prosper
troupe, and a second visit to see their
marvelous gyrations will not be regret
ted. Frank Gardner and LiOttle Vincent
begin a second week, presenting a musical
farce, "A Shattered Idol," and help to
keep the fun at sizzling point. -
Emily Lytton, Charles Bowser and com
pany present "A Wise Guy," and this far
cical sketch is one of the cleverest offer
ings ever seen at the home of vaudeville.
The new scenes of marvelous Interest
presented by the biograph make the audi
ence realize that the days of wonders- are
but commencing, so" true are the pictures
presented on the screen. . ,
Central.
There was a crowded house and an ap
preciative one at the Central last night
to see James M. Brophy begin his season
of six weeks in "Davy Crockett." The
popularity of the star was attested by an
enthusiastic curtain call at the end of the
fourth act, and the presentation of nu
merous elaborate flower pieces. In re
sponse to calls for a speech Mr.— Brophy
returned thanks for the kindness that hart
always been shown him by San Francisco
people.-He was clever and not more melo
dramatic than the part called for. - The
Major ' Roylston of James -Carrlgan wps
as good a bit of old man acting as has
DR. HILL DENOUNCES
THE PLAGUE REPORTS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, July 1.— President R. W.
Hill of the State Board of Health will
leave to-morrow for hlshonie in Los An
geles. . He came here on account of the
published ¦ reports- from "Washington, re
garding the steamer -Carlisle. City and' as
a precautionary measure had guards
placed about the Federal -quarantine
station. This evening : he withdrew " all
the guards, having become convinced that
the danger,: if .there ever was - any, • has
passed.- He doubts if there.ever was any
plague on the . Carlisle City and- does not
mince , words ; in stating his belief '-¦ that
such a .report' 1 as was . sent out should
never have been published.
¦ "I don't believe,"' he -said in conversa
tion, "that there would be any more dan
ger, ta people visiting San n Diego or Cali
fornia than there '¦ would In their.: going
to Newport. The plague reports sent out
from -Washington by the Government of
ficials there were absurdly, foolish; owing
to the fact . that they .had no data on
.which to base a report other. than the un
supported statement of- the ship's cap-*
tain, a non-medical "man who admitted in
personal ¦:. conversation with me- that he
had never 'seen a case of: plague.** ,
/ -. .
been seen here ln«a long time, and the
Parson of Or ral Humphreys, though not
much to do, was particularly well done.
Blanche Douglas was a strong Eleonore'
Vaughn, particularly strong in the mar
riage scene in the last act. .The support
throughout was ' conscientious, and the
play well staged.
. That rare and' -pleasing combination of
Ferris Hartman— legs, music and Ferris
Hartman-^entitled ' "The.. Babes .In the
Wood,"; is drawing crowded houses at the
Tivoli, the second night being, if possible,
more of a success than the first. Ferris,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAELT.July 1.— "W. H. Cook,"
attorney for the State Board of Fish Com
missioners, swore out a warrant to-day
before Recorder Murray, charging
Charles Linget with having made threats
against his life. To-day's trouble is the
outgrowth of the arrest of George Agnew
and LJnget several months ago for having
sturgeon lines in their possession. Attor
ney Cock prosecuted the cases on behalf
of the commission. At the ¦ preliminary
hearing both men were held over to the
Superior Court. Lingex's trial came on
first. As he had no attorney and was
without means Judge Angellottl appoint
ed Thomas P. Boyd to defend him. At
the trial last week the jury'disagreed.
¦ The LInget case came up to-day to be
set for another trial. Attorney - Cook
wanted to try the Agnews case first, but
Boyd insisted that as LInget was in jail
he should • be tried first. A compromise
was effected by the prosecution agreeing
to allow LAnget to go on his own recogni
zance. No sooner was he released, how
ever, than Attorney Cook appeared before
Recorder Murray and obtained a warrant
for Llnget's arrest, alleging that he had
some months ago made threats . to kill
him. Constable Treanor went before Jus
tice of the Peace Rodden and obtained
another warrant for LJnget's arrest for
having committed a battery upon him at
the time of the first arrest.
"When Attorney Boyd heard this he pp
peared before Judge Rodden and de
nounced the affair as sharp practice, and
the turning of a prosecution into a perse
cution. Boyd said that the complaints
sworn to by Treanor and Cook .'were not
made in good 1 faith. After making the air
extremely torrid for a while, Boyd pro
duced $150 cash ball and his client was
released. Linget is a poverty-stricken
fisherman who ekes out an existence on
Marin Island.
Attorney Charges Charles Lin
get With Having Threat
ened His Life.
SEATTLE, July 1.— The steamship
Victorian, Captain John Roberts,
arrived in port this morning from
Skaguay with seventy-five Daw
• sonites and between $800,000 and
$1,000,000 in golden treasure, part of the
spring clean-up In the Klondike district.
The Victorian left Skaguay on the night
of June 27 and brought advices up to that
date. Of the gold. $510,000 was consigned
to the Canadian Bank of Commerce,
$20,000 direct to the United States Assay
Office here, and the remainder was divid
ed among the passengers. H. I. Miller,
the cattleman of Seattle, brought out a
good sized "poke," the result of business
operations In the Yukon metropolis dur
ing the spring. He Is reported to have
brought $100,000. Many of the passengers,
as is usually the -case, undoubtedly pos
, sessed sacks of gold, but kept silent as to
the treasure. They did not care to b*>
quoted as ¦ having any sum out of the
ordinary.
The large consignments of gold were
contained in small steel boxes. The ship
ment, to the Canadian Bank of Commerce
consisted of seven boxes. The $20,000 con
signed to the Assay Office was contained
in one box. Nearly all of the passengers
kept their gold In their staterooms In
sacks and small boxes. Some small ship
ments were sent out by the Alaska and
.Pacific ExpresB Company In care of Pur
ser Parmelee. G. H. Barnes conveyed
the; gold shipped by the Canadian Bank
of \ Commerce. He accompanied the
treasure all the way from Dawson.
"Tagish" Charley, a well known Indian
character in Alaska, came out on the
Victorian. He\is said to have a good
anftount of treasure, taken from his Klon
dike claims.
The most of the Dawson passengers on
the Victorian/ came up the Yukon River
on the river steamers Selkirk and Daw-
COOK FEARS THE IRE
OF LOWLY FISHERMAN
They know that the latest official British
Columbia man, which embraces Skagruay and
the country for fifty miles around, has been
tent to every Canadian official in the country,
and they know further that these fellows have
been instructed to crowd on to every inch of
American territory that they can bold. -
Sycophantic and weak-llvered newspapers
and pewter-hearted Americans who would sell
their souls to get rid of a shelf-full of oid
goods cannot fool libertv-loving citizens.
The people of Skaguay have sworn that they
will never allow Canada to steal another inch
of Uncle Sam' 3 domain. •
There is little doubt about Mr. Hawkins be
ing influenced to take the action he did in
swearing out a complaint against loyal Miner
by the Canadian officials. And it is believed
the gentleman left here suddenly because ha
did not want to appear against him.
Canadian organs in thia city can say what
they please in defense of the Canadian gov
ernment and the British flagr. but it will not tx»
swallowed by American citizens of Skaffuay.
They know exactly what Is being 1 done. They
are fully aware that the Canadians are trying
to steal Ekagiuiy. The attempt to Boat the
alleged customs flag was only a part of the
scheme.
SEATTLE, July 1.— The Alaska Trav
elers' Guide of June 28, commenting: on
the tearing down of the British flay
raised over the Canadian Custom-houso
at Bkaguay. says that an American club
would be formed and the watch dogs of
Uncle Sam's Interests would- be put on
guard. Says the Guide:
ments at Skaguay.
Intend, to Check Canadian Encroach.-
3on. which arrived at "White Horse on
June 20 after one of the' closest and most
exciting: races ever contested on the Yu
kon. As It was. the Dawson broke all
records, with the Selkirk a close second.
The Dawson's time from Dawson to
"White Horse was two days, nineteen
hours and fourteen, minutes, the Selkirk
pulllns in at "White Horse forty-six min
utes later. -•-.-. ---.¦ ,w-
AMERICANS WILL ORGANIZE.
Frawley Company Gives Good Production of 4 'The Only Way.'.'
"Sapho" and "Under Two Flags? Begin ' Second Weeks.
Orpheum Presents Splendid Bill— Brophy. Pleases at Central
AUDIENCE AT GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
COMPARES MORGAN WITH MILLER
BRINGS A COOL MILLION
IN KLONDIKE TREASURE
Steamer Victorian Arrives at Seattle With
Seventy-Five Dawsonites and Large Con
signments of Gold From Yukon Claims
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
¦ ,.- . . t ._.-»,.: ;¦*«•* ¦•*.-.* .. •. ... - - ¦:•¦ .—-'. ' ' .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY;^ JTXLY 2, 1901.
3
A MESSAGE TO MEN
vosT #£g3E|v . This is a message to men. It Is to men.
SMs£ J who wai ? fc to feel liics mcn > t0 lo °k Iil<c m en
s^"*^&''fa{£W?m and act liks m - n - Thi s is to men who lack
/ /^•s*&l^ S W courage, whose nerves are shaky, whose
s /^ra^rwL'T <w&i. e y es ave lo5t S sparkle. whos= brains arc
A ''fljtffigffla'^' "^"'fflffimfr* ' .'muddled, ideas confused, sleep restless, cor.-
/ &mSBmBBP* .j^lSffBg&v ¦ fidence gone, spirits iow and easily depressed,
f s^^^i 3 I'M 7?*P®«» who are backward, hesitating unable to ven-
/ AV ture because. they are afraid of failure, who
«i^*!*s5*lia2 1/ »*• want somp body to decide for them, who are
•7^ — *v \w'' weak » P u "y« restless. ,lt is to men who have
'MRSSsSS 'H : P art or a11 °^ tl)ese symptoms and want new
fl$||S||| ¦ V, W ! ife » new force > ne w vigor. I offer it to you
\.\ th ° r " McLau S hlin>s Electric Bslt.
/ vUlBffl ' O\\f VnL/ JBS&- It has restored, health and strength to thous-
\SIBBa > >v\\\!l&7^^8y'-- » n( Ss anct Impotent nwn. If uted as I d!-
X^BBBWI^^si-iSuSStfTK-* rcct lc ls a P ca itive cure and cannot Tall. It
KlT«s th© vitaliilcg powor of electricity, wltfa-
> out burnlcs or blistering, to urery weakened
:*.': ' yL^tif/1\S$SC^* -¦ part. *aev«loping the full rigor of manhood, it
*^2rS/lBlvCV»- x • remoT» all th© effects of indlscretloca or ex- .
• " ¦ : I guarantee a onre, .if I isj I can. cure. i I-*
don't ask any one to take chances on my lnve ctiion. It doesn't cost you anything if I fail.
- . SPECIAL NOTICE— If you have an old belt of another r.ake which has burned and
blistered you, or one that did not possess electricity, bring it in acd I trill allow you one-half
¦ the ; prlc© of mice for It. - .. / . - '. .. , . ¦
;¦: .' I give a free test to all who tall. If you can't ' call I will send you my beautifully illus-
trated book •with full information- free. Call or write now. Don't delay. .
lliililliiiiiiiig:
-' ¦ - OFFICE) ' HOURS— 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1.
¦ - ¦* ¦': ; '-¦ : • ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SWORN STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND VALUE OH JUNE 30, 1901,
—OF THE— —
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES OT THE ,'
SAN FRAKCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
A CORPORATION
Dolns Business at . ' \
532 CALIFORNIA STREET,
Jf. E. Corner of "Webb Stre«t.
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
ASSETS.
1— Promissory Notes, secured by
first lien on Real Estate within
this State, the actual value of
which notes is J13.3T8.0a5 :«
2— Bonds of the United States Gov-
ernment and Bonds and Stocks
of municipal, quasi-public and
i industrial corporations, stand-
ing on the books at 12.180.S64 O
The actual value being $420,000 00
in excess thereof.
' Part of these are kept In the
vaults of this corporation and
part in a box rented from the
National Safe DeDoait Co., in.
the city, of New York.-.
3— Bank Premises 400.000 00
Situated at the northeast corner
of California and Webb streets, ,
in the city of San Francisco.
4— Other Real Estate 1,332.889 99
Situated in the State of Califor-
nia: part of it is productive,
and its value is the amount
(.tated.
6— Loans on Bonds and Stocks 1,687,734 92
All said bonds and stock certifi-
cates are kept in the vaults of
this corporation.
6— Safes and Furniture In the office
of the Bank of the value of 5.C00 00
1 — Sundry Accounts in Process of
Settlement - S3.77S 71
These accounts embrace amounts
the final application of which
has not been determined.
8— Cash in U. S. Gold and Silver
Coin 1.411.942 68
Of which there is:
In Vault $265,608 63
In Bank 1,146,334 05 —
Total Assets }3O,T7O.0eS 48
LIABILITIES. '
1— To Depositor*' this corporation
owes . deposits amounting: to.
and the actual value of which
is $23,973,539 9S
The condition of s&id deoosits is
that they are payable only out
of said assets and are fully se-
cured thereby.
3— To Stockholders:
Capital Stock H.0O0.00O W>
Reserve Fund * 228,994 13
The actual value of which ls. 1,226,934 13
The condition of said liability to
Stockholders is, that no part of
the amount can be paid to
them, or la. any -vray withdrawn
except in • payment of losses, • -
during: the existence of the
corporation, nor until all de-
positors shall have been paid
in full the amount of their de-
- posits and declared dividends.
3— Contingent Fund, including the
amount of accrued but uncol-
lected interest on investments. 445,614 So
4— Dividends Undlsbursed 6,733 51
3 — General Tax Account. Balance
undlsbursed 117.123 11
Total Liabilities .$30,770,028 43
San Francisco. July 1, 1901. *
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION.
(Signed) E.' B. BOND. President.
(Sljned) LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
- State of California, City and County of Saa
Francisco— as.
E. B. BOND and liOVElX. "WHITE, betnj
each, separately and duly swprn each for him-
self, says: That said E. B. Bond la President
and said Lovell "White is Cashier of the San
Francisco Savings . Union, the corporation
above mentioned, and that the foregt>lng state- .
ment is true. .
(Signed) B. B. BOND,
(Signed) LOVELL WHITE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st .
day of July A. D. 1901.
[Seal.] JAMES M. TTM.I3,
Notary Public In and for the City and County
of San Francisco. State of '
ON THE FOURTH
You'll want your linen In the best possible
shape. Compare. our work with, that of
any other laundry and jadge for yourself
if we don't put It in that condition. By
careful handling we make your linen long
lived. We put a smooth velvet edge on all
collars; we wash everything that's wash-
able. .:: - .. ___r.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4. Markst Straet
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ava.SPEEDY TROTTERS ENTERED
FOR THE FOURTH OF JULY
MEETING.
J. M. Eva's Ethel H, Jerry Doran's Tlrado
and George L. Swett's Steve S.
Green. class— M.;. M. Donnelly's Pious, J. W.
B6nney"8 Joe Bonhey, H. B. 81ocurn's Tempest,
Dr. Dalziel's Belle, Dr. Lainor' s Lieutenant
Hobeon and John W. McDonald Jr.'s Cam
paigner. .« ¦»';¦
AT a meeting of the Golden date
Park Driving Association, to be
held to-night in the Palace Hotel,
oreparations for the biff meeting
to be held at the Oakland race
track on July 4 will be completed. All the
entries are in and have been classified. A
few minor matters are to be disposed of.
There will be no cup races, but a num
ber of special races between individual
members will be trotted and special prizes
will be awarded in each event. The spe
cial team race between E. A. Aigeltinger,
Charles Newman and H. H. Jacoos has
been declared off. At the last meeting,
which was Meld on Decoration Day at
Tanforan track, this event was a feature
of the day. Aigeltinger had the race well
in hand', but stopped in the stretch, and
Jacobs passed under -the wire a victor.
The judges, however, awarded the race
to Aigeltinger, as Jacobs' team ran around
the track. Newman's team became un
manageable owing to a broken strap, and
dashed three times around the track be
fore the horses could be brought to a
standstill. This provided excitement for
every one present. It was the Intention to
bring the team race off at the coming
meeting, but owing to the condition of one
of Newman's animals and other setbacks
it was decided to postpone the event.
Despite this fact great interest will be
manifested in the races. There will be
four races and two special events. H. H.
Dunlap's handsome King Cadenza and L.
Richardson's Edna R will contest 'for su
premacy, as will also George Gray's Irwin
and H..W. Meek's Crecre.
Following are the officials and the en
tries in the various events:
Judges — F. "W. Thompson, Frank Q. O'Kane
and J. C. Ohlandt; atarter, T. J. Crowley;
assistant starter, Jack Dlnue; marshal. Dr.
I. B. Dalziel; racing secretary, H. F. Patrick;
timers— Fred Vctter, James O. Chesley and L.
E. Claweon.
The executive committee is composed of H.
Dan O'Callagban and Alex. Nelson
Are the ngente'for the world renowned Progress
Beer, given highest honors at the "World's Fair.
Tour judgment is as good as theirs. At all gro
cers; insist on-Progress brand, the most delicious
table beer. Bottled in pints and quarts. O'Cal
laghan, Nelson & Co., 116 Davis street. , •
Begerow Admitted to Bail.
SAN JOSE, July 1.— Joseph 'Begerow, the
Alviso constable who on -July 17 of last
year shot and killed Joseph Cech and
August Berger at a picnic at Agricultural
Park, was to-day admitted to bail" in the
sum of ?5000 on each charge.
- . *
flelating as Judges.
The events will take place in the follow
ing order:
Senior barge race; 100-yard swimming race:
Junior barge race; Junior shell race; 440-yard
swimming race;-senior shell race; senior. out
rigged skiff race; Junior outrlgged skirt race;
relay swimming: race; water polo.
The following have choice of positions
in the rowing races in the,order named:
Senior barge race-r-Alamedas first. Ariels sec
ond, South Ends third. Pioneers fourth.
Intermediate banre race^ —Alamedas first,
Ariels second, South. Ends third.
. Junior shell race—George Lewis first, Harry
Nelson second. :
Junior barge race —Ariels.first. Dolphins sec
ond, Alamedas third,-South Ends fourth. Uni
versity of California fifth.
Senior shell race—A. W. Pape first, George
McGill second, Charles Wilson third, C. C
Dennts fourth, F. W. Ayres flfth.
Senior. outriirged skiff raee^-S. J. Pembroke
first, - John Lewis second,-George Baker third
Junior ouJriffKed skiff, race—W. G. Hansen
flr3t, B. H.< Cerf.second, F. J. Sherry; third,
Lester Hammersmith fourth, E. Murphy fifth!
M. C. - Cashman ; sixth. -.. .¦ ¦.. •: ,
The game will 'be played at Blithedale
beginning at 1:30 p. m. G. W. Fletcher—
"Big Horn Bill"— will be umpire. He will
carry a stuffed club of half his own gen
erous girth. Hundreds of Bohemian 1 " and
other friends of the players will go over
from San Francisco to see the sport, leav
ing on the 11:30 or earlier boats
The players, .it la understood, will ap
pear in unique costumes, many of which
have never before been seen on, any stage.
A keg of beer will be planted at third
base to coax the men to go the route, and
there will be others for, the non-combat
ants. • . ¦
PETE- SLOAN, Manager.
¦ Time— 7th. Place— Marln County. Finish—
God only knows, but we hope for the best.
We would like to hear from any nine whose
members are all over 67 years of age. R, S.
V. P. . .
• Poison Oaks Are Game.
The defl of the Poison Oaks was deliv
ered In these curves:
In the High Court of the City Fathers of Mill
Valley, County of Marin, State of Cali
fornia. '
The Little Kneck Klams. alias Lobsters, Plain-'
, tills, vs. The Poison Oaks, or the Mill Val
• ley Gents, Defendants.
To the Honl Mr. Larry Harris Esq., P. O.
Q. : Please take notice that on the 7th day of
Sunday, in the year of our Lord 1901, at the
hour of 1:30, the above-mentioned defendants
will appear upon the sands and hillsides of
Blithedale Villa for a small-sized clambake
done up to suit the taste of the most fastidious,
served hot over the home plate, together with
horses' - knecks. rubber kneck!; little knecks,
grape Juice, .clam juice, no use and what's de
use. We guarantee to knock the cover off
every clam who dares to try to use us as street
sweepers; linen dusters will be furnished to
all coverless clams. We will have you to un
derstand' we are the Poison - Oaks and you
can't touch us, . Runs of twenty are nothing
in comparison to our score— when you come in
contact with us it will swell with every in
ning. Doctors and hospitals will do you no
good. Make your peace with this earth and
purr up to the undertakers and Coroner, other
wise you may find yourselves relegated to ths
chowder fiends of the cocktail route.
Remember time and tide wait for no man
and the following have pledged to cover them
selves with glory and the clams with mud.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and Beal this 2d day of July. 1901.
J. C. WILSON, Chief Oak.
Witnesses: Frank L. Owen, pitcher of high
balls; George R. Field, catcher of clams; Wil
lard Wayman, off his base; Edward Vincent,
the lost chord; Jim Ames, a little short; B.
Letcher, on the run; J. G. O. I. Simmons, on
the bum; Duval Moore, the fowl's friend; F.
S. Kellogg, one of the strikers, and fourteen
p. "s. — After the game all clams who are able
will be entitled to name the poison and whoop
it up for further orders..
May the tide turn in favor of the olama.
.LARRY HARRIS, Captain.
Pete Sloan, the German Krab-bag; Fred Pier
son, sky pilot; Apple McKennon, the people's
choice; Rudy Haberlcht, shortstop: Dud Dean,
backstop; Bill Landy, longstop; Kobe Eaton,
wontstop; Duby Dubois, cants top; Larry Har
ris, pitcher (of steam), and a 'bus- load of
subs and rooters.
For your information the nearest hospital is
San Rafael. '
To simplify matters we have decided to count
our runs only in lots of twent*. Our aggre
gation will consist of the following well-known
parlor athletes and balcony posers:
Our understanding Is that there Is to ba no
hitting in the clinches and it is to be hoped
you will take your defeat cheerfully and con
duct yourselves with due decorum when our
score is finally footed up.
Be it further known and ' duly noted, That
we, the Little Neck Clam B. B. Co. of Belve
dere, have " decided to accept- the contract, and
now wish to give notice, that we will use your
nine men for the aforesaid ! purpose. Union
man only, as there will be scabs enough when
the game is over. • ¦
J. C] Wilson, Captain Poison Oak B. B.
Club — Greeting:: And be it known that the
Mill Valley City Fathers* have expressed a
wish to have the entire valley swept, dusted
and' thoroughly renovated to a state of im
maculate perfection ;. so . . -.
The Gauntlet Thrown.
The challenge reads thus:
The Poison Oaks." are J an "aggregation
of stars" that scintillate for the benefit of
Blithedale butterflies. They have grown
strong climbing Mount Tamalpais per
scenic railway. .. ... ' •
The game to be played Sunday is not for
the benefit of anything or anybody. There
will be no charge at the gate— It would
be too much' trouble to take the money.
It Is not even for love of the national
game that these Bohemians are eroing to
mow down. giant redwood3 with volleys
of home-run hits, lo; , v
only a speaking acquaintance with the
sport. • It is rivalry— fierce, 1000-watt rival
ry. Once the boys at Belvedere were the
only pebbles on the Marln beach. That
was before the chorus girls began to re
fuse Invitations to the arka. Now the
dances up -Blithedale way, moonlight
drives to Tamalpais and such delights
hav<j won the favor of the girls, and the
sallormen of the arks' seek satisfaction.
They are the • challengers,' and . they are
practicing the game in the cove every
ebb-tide.
The Little Neck Clams and the Poison
Oaks will play a match game of baseball
at Mill. Valley next. Sunday afternoon
The fame of these two redoubtable nines
has extended from . the clam-chowder
cafes of Water street In Sausalito to the
dairy ranches of Tomales^ and ere the sun
has set next Sunday Matin County will
not be half large enough for a pedestal
to their monument of glory.
The Little Neck Clams are the joy and
pride: of Belvedere.- .. .
Bohemians to Don : Gorgeous
, Costumes for the Match
Game.
SOCIAL LIONS
TO PLAY BALL
¦ * ' - f. ¦ '
Arkites Issue Challenge
to Mill Valley Cot-
GENTLEMEN DRIVERS WILL RACE
THEIR HORSES ON OAKLAND TRACK
Splendid Aggregation of High-Glass Trotters fo Compete at the
Fourth of July Meeting of the Golden Gate Park Driving
Association— Complete List of Entries \ and the Officials
WILL BEAUTIFY
SHOOTING PARK
Artists and Gardeners
at Work at Shell
Mound.
Team of Swiss Sharpshooters
Is to Compete for
Prizes.
Shell Mound Park will be transformed
into a veritable paradise In honor of the
third national shooting festival of the
National Shooting Bund of the United
States, which will be held during the
week of July 14 to the 23d. Plans for this
transformation have been approved and
artiste, designers, architects and land
scape gardeners are at work with a view
toward making the park the most at
tractive spot in California. The entrance
to the main festival place, the Temple of
Gifts ana the semi-circle facing the head
quarters of all the States in the Union
are to be made irresistibly enchanting.
The Temple of Gifts will be an octago
nal structure, with glass panels set In
rolden rods. Within will be displayed the
rich prizes in gold and silver which have
been contributed by the citizens of this
city and vicinity. As these trophies are
valued at a sum in the neighborhood of
175,090 a guard of riflemen and policemen
will.be stationed around the building day
and night.
It has just come to light that the
famous team of Swiss sharpshooters that
won first prize in the international con
test during the World's Exposition at
Paris is cominsr to California to compete
for prizes in the tournament. The team
consists of the following named sharp
shooters: Richardet, La Chaux-de-Fonds;
I Staeheli. St. Gallen; Boecklin, Glarus;
. Kellenberger, Waizenhausen; and Guether
of Basle.
The competition between the cities of
the United States for the fourth National
JBundesfest promises to be keener than
j the rivalry for the prizes by the shooters.
. Milwaukee Is making a hard and strong
campaign to bring the Bundesfest of 1904
• to that city. Its delegates will come to
.: the festival Instructed to use every en
tdeavor to secure the next national shoot-
Ing festival for that place. The Citizens'
Business League of Milwaukee is backing
the movement and has written to the local
representatives to help Milwaukee. W. W.
Yeager, secretary of the Pueblo Rifle
Club, Pueblo, Colo., arrived in town a
few days ago and is testing the feeling
of California riflemen concerning 1 the next
festival. He Is instructed to work for
Pueblo first, ana for any other town in
Colorado next. Colorado will be numer
ously represented and will have a good
chance to get the next festival. Califor
nians will not object to having the fourth
festival held on the Pacific Coast, but will
probably refrain from making an active
campaign, preferring to let the visitors
show their appreciation of California hos
pitality by voting for San Francisco as
the next festival city.
Shell Mound Park will be closed to the
marksmen on July 4, as the Scottish This
-tle Club will hold its annual picnic on that
day. The shooting experts are at the park
day practicing for the tournament,
which promises to be the greatest ever
held In the West.
Hardy Downing Wins.
NEW YORK, July 1.— Midison-square
Garden bicycle summary: Half-mile, pro
tfessional. open — Won by Hardy Downing:,
San Jose, Cal.; Howard Freeman. Port
land. Or., second; Al Newhouse, Buffalo,
third. Time 1:00 4-5.
e •¦¦ On<« 'mile, professional, handicap— "Won
* by Tom Butler. Boston (80 yards); G. H.
Collett, New Haven <"60 yards), second; E,
C. Hausman. New Haven (80 yards), third.
=Tlme 1:55 4-5.
Jockey Coburn Injured.
CHICAGO, July L— Jockey Coburn had
his leg broken while at the post for the
first race at "Washington Park to-day. He
had the mount on Emma C L and Edu
cate -whirled suddenly and crushed the
boy's foot between her body and that of
the horse he was riding. He fainted and
was carried to the paddock.
Pennsylvania Crew Rested.
HEKLET, England, July 1.— The Penn-
Bylranians did not do heavy work to-day,
merely taldnjr two paddling turns over
the coarse. The Belgian crew made their
first appearance to-day and did the full
course in seven minutes and forty sec
onds. They are conceded to be inferior
to the Americans.
THE 'JSAN.; FBANOISOOi CALL, TTXE SD A Y} 1 : JJJL Y 2, 1 90 1.
tries will be run off at Union Coursine
Park on July 4. Following: is«the result of
last night's drawing:
Special holiday stake, 56 entries— J. Hurley's
Grammercy vs. Pacha Kennels' Real Article;
P. M. Curtis' Warpath vs. P. M. Curtis' Mc-
Kinley; Pa«ha Kennels' Roman • Athlete vs.
A. R. Curtis' Pilot; P. M. Curtis' Shadow vs.
P. Jackson's Golden Russet; V. Schou's Lady
Glenklrk vs. P. Schou's King's. Borderer; P.
M. Curtis' Anchor vs. F. A. McComb's Bona
Fide; P. Doyle's Thelma vs. Pasha Kennels'
Ben KIrby; W. C. de B. Lopez's Sara. vs. P.
M. Curtis' Cash; P. M. Curtis' Betty Martin
vs. A. Vanderwhite's Copper King; J. Qulnn's
Royal Tick vs. P. Rellly's Cascade; Russell &
Allen's Scotland Yet ve. Russell & Allen's
Rosy Claire; P. M. Curtis' Miss Pye vs. F.
Schou'sNora Lawrence; P. Doyle's Liberator
vs. J. R. McCarthy's John Doe; D. Toland's
Pleasant Girl vs. F. Schou's Smuggler; Pasha
Kennels' Rollicking Alra vs. C. O. Peterson's
Silver Cloud; P. Jackson's Honor Bright v«.
F. A. McComb's Hot Haste; Pasha Kennels'
Royal Anne vs. P. . M. Curtis' Narcissus; J.
Perigo's Far Away vs. T. J. , Mclnery's
Tommy Rex; P. Tierney's Tea Rose vs. T. J.
Mclnery's Johnny R; Russell & Allen's Daisy
Claire vs. F. A. McComb's Little Sister; W.
C. de B. Lopez's Papita vs. A. R. Curtis' Lord
BeaconBfleld; F. A. McComb's Motto vs. L.
.F. Bartels* Best Bargain; H. - Lynch' s Lilac
vs. F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha; Pasha Ken
nels' Master Rocket vs. CO. Peterson's Hap
hazard: V. A. McComb's Warship vs. F. B.
Gerber's Rienzi; J. Kane's Greenhall vs. F.
A. McComb'i Royal Flush; • P. M. Curtis'
Vagrant vs. H. Lyhch's Emma; J. Dempsey's
Jingle Bells vs. P. Rellly's Lady Granard. :
SPECIAL HOLIDAY STAKE
"WTLIi BE BUM" THURSDAY
Well-Bred Dogs to Contest at Union
Coursing Park on Fourth.
of July. ¦'¦<"•('.''
A special holiday stake of fifty-six en-
G. W. Tlbbetf b f.Coluaa) black and white
dc« Flash; TV. W. Van Arsdale's (McCloud)
black, white and tan dog Bell Buoy; W. VT.
Van Arsdale's white, black and tan deg Oak
ley's FrMa; W. W. Van Aredale's orange and
white bitch Ruby Gladstone; W. G. Kerck
hofTs (Los Angeles) lemon and white dog
Gabriel; J. E. Lucas* <Mt. View Kennels)
black, -white and tan bitch Sport's Money; A.
De Courtleirx's (San Francisco), black, white
and tan dog Paying Teller; A. De Courtieux's
orange and white dog Cash Boy; Clinton B.
Worden's (Ban Francisco) .black, white and
tan dog Trade Earl: Hugh Hopkins' (Hanford)
¦white, black and tan dog Sadie 1 * Karl; Hush
Hopkins' white and lemon bitch Sadie's Vista;
Hugh Hopkins' white, black and tan bitch
Amanda; Hugh Hopkins' white and lemon
bitch Alice Alicia; H. L. Betten's (Alameda)
orange and white bitch (Cavalier-Kitty R.);
H. l,, Betten's black, white and tan dog
Philosopher; H. L. Betten's orange and white
dog Diana'B Rodfleld; H. L. Betten's black,
white and tan bitch Rod's Lark; H, L. Bet
ten's orange and white bitch Rod's Sylvia;
Charles N. Post's (Sacramento) white and
black bitch Salanunbo; Bert Crlrps' (Berke
ley) white and black dog Teddy K; L. & H.
Anderson's (Berkeley) white and black bitch
(Lee R-Hesper); W. D. Potter's black and tan
English Better S«lla Rodfleld; Stockdale Ken
nels' liver and white pointer dog Cuba Jr.;
Stockdale Kennels' white, liver and ticked
pointer doc Brother Pelham; Stockdale Ken
nels' liver, white and ticked Pointer, dog
Pierre; Tod Sloan's liver and white, pointer
dog ' Ivey; A. B. Truman's white and lemon
setter dog Orion; C. E. Worden's bla-ck, white
and tan setter bitch Lady Jane; W. B. Coutt's
white and liver pointer dog Funston; W.
B. Coutt's black, white and tan English set
ter bitch Luclnda T. _.j...
Tnirty-one entries have been received by
Secretary Albert Beta for the nineteenth
annual field trials of the Pacific Coast
Field Trial Club, which is to be held in
January next. Following Is a list of en
tries In the hands of the secretary:
High-Bred Dogs to Take
Part in Annual Field
Trials.
BLOODED HOUNDS
ENTERING LISTS
LONDON, July 1.— A special dispatch
from Glasgow - says j) that ;.". Kenneth M.
Clark, one of. the Chicago owners of the
Karaid 1 1 has sent . a challenge to i Sir
Thomas Llpton for" a' race ' between 'the
Shamrock II: and the Karaid, to, be sailed
over courses similar , to tho ..courses for
the America's cup and on : the American
measurement - In ¦ order ' to . decide : which
ehair bo sent as » challenger to American
waters.-" ¦ '¦:;- ' ¦ .
Iiipton Is ! Challenged.
We have just received a large stock of
tho newest novelties In writing papers',
consisting •' of the "Peau d'Antilope,"
"Carrara Marmor". and "Linen Lawn" pa
pers, all of which are made in new and
fashionable sizes. Monogram . dies made
and paper stamped. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street, . •
MTew Writing Papers.
Jack Welsh, the popular referee, • will
officiate in the, ring in all three contests.
He will give a decision in each event and
he assures everyone that there will ba no
argument after he decides. ••
"Willie Snailham, the amateur champion
bantam of the coast, will enter the pro
fessional ranks on this occasion: . He will
meet Willie Schoenbeln, a local lad, who
is very clever with his mitts. '
Al Neill and "Dutch" Thurston will
meet in a twenty- round bout I for/the
championship of the coast. NeiU'has been
preparing at the Terminal and Thurston
has been working with Gardner at the
Ingleside House. Thurston hits • so hard
that Alec Gree&alns is compelled to don
a pneumatic chest-protector, to save his
slats from being- caved in. The- interest
In this bout is great and. the betting win
be heavy. \ ¦¦ ¦ ~ . > . - " :
The club has made an innovation that
will be appreciated by those who usually
sit in the gallery, at a prize-fight. Dollar
seats are on sale at 914 Market street and
hundreds of the pasteboards are being
sold. , This will prevent crowding on the
day of the contests.' The grounds will be
opened at noon and those holding dollar
coupons will have an opportunity of pick
ing out places to sea the bouts to ad
vantage. • ..
All the men who are to fight are report
ed ,to be in great shape. Moffatt and Gard
ner have been working for their bout for
the last month. . This will be their second
meeting and the contest will decide the
championship of the world in the middle
weight division.
The measurements of the men are as
follows: ¦ _ • ...
Moffatt. : Gardner. "
Height - 5 feet 9 inches 6 feet-
Reach 71 inches .72',^ inches
Biceps 14 inches 13ft inches
Forearm 11 Inches • 12 inches
Thigh 21 inches 21 inches
Calf 14>^ inches 15 . inches
Waist 31 Inches -32, Inches
Chest 37 inches 42 1 / J inches
Weight \.158 pounds , 158 pounds
Judging -by the number of . seats sold
yesterday for the boxing exhibition of
the San Francisco Athletic Club, ' which
is to be held at Sixteenth and Folsom
streets on the afternoon of July 4, fully
15,000 people -will attend the bouts. Friends
of Interior sporting men are buying blocks
of seats. Harry Corbett, Jam.es Cheet
ham and a half dozen others secured in
the neighborhood of BOO seats. Joe Ep
pinger was the first man to buy a. box and
others have left orders for choice places
near the ring. That there will be a large
delegation of ring-goers from the country
is a certainty. Orders are pouring in from
surrounding towns and tickets are being
sent by every mail.
Big Crowd Expected at
Open Air Bouts on
the Fourth.
SALE OF SEATS
IS VERY LARGE
The following are the entries for the
rowing and swimming races to be held on
Lake Merritt on the Fourth:
SENIOR BARGE RACE.
Alameda Boating- Club— Georga, Lewis bow;
W. O. Hanson, No. 2; J. L. Lewis, No. 8; F.
W. Ayers. stroke; Bert Cameron, coxswain.
South End Rowing Club— Henry Bode, bow;
Gus Carson, No. 2; Robert McArthur, No. 3;
Frank Duplissea, stroke; Robert Thedy,\cox
sweln. ' '
Ariel Rowing Club— Charles Wilson, bow; W.
T. Howe, No. 2; Robert Ellis, No. 3; H. Wll-
Bon. stroke /Roy West, coxswain.
Pioneer Rowing Club— George Collopy, bow;
F. O'Neill, No. 2; G.' Lawspn. No. 3; W. Law
son, stroke; Eddie House, coxswain.
INTERMEDIATE BARGE RACE.
Alameda Boating Club— J,' C. ' Stamer, bow;
Leroy Pollard. No. 2; B. G. Lyons, No. 3; S. R.
Pollard, stroke", Bert Cameron, coxswain.
South End Rowing: Club — James Pallas, bow;
George Bates, No. 2; A. McDuffle. No. 3; Ed
Scully, stroke; Albert Sonnenberg, coxswain.
Ariel Rowing Club— J. Nokes, bow, B. L.
Smith. No. 2; H. Foley, No. 3; A. Keegan,
stroke; Roy "West, coxswain.
JUNIOR BARGE RACE.
Alameda Boating j Club — W. S. Burnham,
bow; M. C. Profumo, No. 2; E. "W, Edwards,
No." 3; C. J. Hague, stroke; Bert Cameron, cox
swain. '
South End Rowing Club— Dr. C. C. Dennis,
bow; Ed Pallas, .No. 2; Frank Mayo, No. 3;
Charles Jenkins, stroke; Albert Sonnenbergr,
coxswain.
Ariel Rowing Club— J. Nokes, bow: E. L.
Smith, No.' 2; H, Foley, No. 3; A. Keegan,
stroke; Roy West, coxswain.
University of California— W. M. ¦\Vadleigh,
bow; E. B. Harley. No. 2; Henry Muller, No.
3; B. ' H. Cerf, stroke; Earlo McBoyle, cox
swain. • ' ' ¦ ¦¦ • '. ¦ ¦ ,-
Dolphin Boating Club— C. Relmers, bow; L.
. Wlenand, No. 2; Stanley Adderley. No. 3; T.
R. Dlxon, stroke; Eugenn Auregal, coxswain.
SENIOR OUTRIGGED SKIFF RACE.
, John L. Lewis, Alameda Boating Club,
George Baker, Dolphin Boating Club. ¦
Charles Wilson, Ariel Rowing Club,
S. »J. Pembroke, j unattached. • £ ¦ :
. JUNIOR 1 OUTRIGGED SKIFF RACE.
W. G. Hansen, Alameda Boating Club.
Edward Murphy, Pioneer Rowing Club.
M. C. Cashman, South End Rowing Club.
Lester Hammersmith, Dolphin Boating Club.
- F. J. Sherry. Olympic Boat Club. :
B. H. Cerf, University of California.
SENIOR SHELL RACE. '."
George McGrill. South End. Rowing Club.
A. W. Pape, Dolphin Boating Club.
. Charles Wilson, Ariel Rowing Club.
F.'W. Ayers, Alameda Boating Club. '
Dr. C. C. Dennis. South End Rowing Club.
JUNIOR SHELL RACE.
George Lewis, Alameda Boating Club.
Harry Nelson, Alameda Boating Club.
¦ 100-TARD SWIMMING RACE. . ¦
A."D. Schmidt, H. Heinz of Lurllne Swim
ming Club; H. F. Brewer, H. A. Widemann,
unattached ; , J. : S.' Leary of Olympic Club.
RELAY SWIMMING RACE.
Lurline Swimming Club— W. C. Pomin, AD
Schmidt, E. C. Bonifleld, F. W. Huntington"
W. F. Harris, W. P. Stockton,' ¦ T. C. Loomis!
O.* .Wallace and H. Heinz. < • :-; .;„..'•
' Olympic Club— D. Carroll, Scott Leary. C. K.
Melrose, Lester Hammersmith. R. B. Cornell,
H. Duran. O. C. Schulte, A. • W. Pape and H.
F.. Brewer.. . , - ' . ¦•.,,
": 440-YARD SWIMMING RACE.
H. P.' -Brewer,- R. B. Cornell, C."' Schulte and
C. V. .Clough of Olympic Club.
, .. WATER 'POLO.
Lurllne Swimming Club— J. A. Geddes, center
forward ; W. C. • Pomin, right forward ; F ¦ "W.
Huntington, forward; E. L. Smith, right back;
H.-B. Kennerson, left back; W.'F. Harris
'center back; W. G. Bray goal; ¦.'-•'. - '
Olympic Club^R: B. Cornell, center forward-
O.'.CjBchulte. right forward; 1 9. Leary left
forward;"H.i F. " Brewer, right back; C. ' Mel
rose, left back;-A. ; W. Pape. center back; Les
,tejvHammersmith, goal. ¦-.-. -.: . - .¦ ¦ ;, ;.
, iilkan Cooriey will referee" the water polo
game, George James and E. Nippert of-
All Best Known Oars
men to Take Part
In Regatta.
WILL SCULL AND
SWIM ON FOURTH
B. Slocum, E. Btewart, L. Richardson, James
O'Kane and F. "W. Thompson. The classifica
tion committee was composed of J. Cuicello,
E. R. Mlzner, H_ B. Slocum, L. Richardson,
J. C. Ohlandt and II. M. Donnelly. .
2:40 daes— F. Gomez's Lafayette, B. Croner'i
Bonny C, Dr. A. A. Mclaughlin's A B P and
D and i>. lielKlnBer*s Lady Rowena.
.2:20 class— Joe Culcello's Porto Rico, A. Ja
. cobs' Edna Vale, James O'Kane'B Sandow, J.
Curley's Prince C. ¦ Neal . Prendergast's Bolll
: ver and C. Schwartz's Little Jefl^ -
E 2:80 class— Dr. I. B. Dalzlel's Menlo B, -C.
B. Park's Imp, H. F. Patrick's Denny Healy,
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V While they are accumulating knowledge
on the profound sciences, are often so
ignorant of their own natures that they
allow local disease to fasten on them to
' : the ruin of the general health. Back-
ache, headache, nervousness, point to a
'disordered or diseased local condition
•which should have prompt attention.
'¦'- Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription may
-: be relied upon as a p^erfect regulator. It
- stops enfeebling drains, heals inflamma-
tion and ulceration, and cures female
weakness. // makes weak Tvomen strong
.-and sick women well. ;
' ¦ There is no alcohol in w Favorite Pre-
- ecription" and it is entirely free from
opium, cocaine and all other narcotics.
"Your letter just received," writes Miss Rose
Kilfcther, of 4J West 6harpnack St, German-
town. Philadelphia. Penna. "Words fail to
' express bow thanVful I eta to you for your
advice. I must confess that for the length of
' " time I have been using your medicine I have
' found it to be the most wonderfiil and best
remedy for female trouble that I ever -have
tried. Sorry I did not know of your * Favorite
. Prescription • year* ago."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of 21 one-
* cent stamps to pay expense of mailing
only. Address Dr. B_ V. Pierce, Bn£
vfclo, N. Y.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great*)
JMUSEUB OF ANATOMY^
' \ Cm- The I-irr«t Aiuttomicit Muxruro in the T
• * A' 11 lift ¦ World. We»k»eifce« or anjr contracted B
7 8-3EW dUea«e r««tW«<-lr enrnd hy the oldest f
10 rS »? Specialist on the Coast. EsLjeyein. ©
T A*gS? OR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN i
m(CS?h Cotwultatioa free and itrietiy prirate. \
A I T«w Tr«!»unent pereonaiiy or bjr letter. A a
ff I ffB PotMtt Ourt in eTeiyGje undertaken. T
A B If ill Write for Boole PHILOhOPBlfBf A
9*1 IT M*KKIA«K. MAILED FKEE. (AT
\'» J|.; IV v»lu»We book for m«-n) \
9 DJB JUBDAX 4fc CO.. 1051 Market S t. , S. F. V
I The most concentrated form of beef I
science knows j
COMPANY'S EXTRACT of Beef
Signed Jfr^^f^^ * D b! U8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. ¦ f- - -¦ - OF THE~-~ ¦
CONDITION AND VALUE
;. : Jj* i. — OF THE — ;
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
THE HIBERNIA
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY,
. A CORPORATION,
And where said Assets are situated,
dated dune 30, 1901.
• ASSETS.
1— Promissory Notes and the
debts thereby secured, the
actual value of which Is $22,743,530 60.
The condition of said Prom-
issory Notes and debts Is as
follows: They are all existing [
¦contracts, owned by said Cor- ¦ ? v .
poration, and are payable to 1 i
it at its office, which is situ- ' I !
ated at the corner of Market,
McAllister and Jones streets,
in the City and County of
San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, and the payment
thereof is secured by First
Mortgages on Heal Estate
within this State and the
States of Oregon and Wash-
ington. Said Promissory Notes
are kept and held by said
Corporation at its said office,
which is Its principal place of
business, and said Notes and
debts are th'ere situated.
2— Promissory Notes and the
debts thereby secured, the
• actual value of which Is...... 302,500 00
The condition of said Prom-
issory Notes and debts is as
follows: They are all existing
, Contracts, owned by said Cor-
poration, and are payable to
it at its office, which is situ-
ated as aforesaid, and the
• payment thereof Is secured by
"Northern Railway Company ]
of California 5 per cent
Bonds," "Southern Pacific
Railroad Company of Califor-
nia 6 percent Bonds," "San
Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway Company 5
per cent Bonds," "Market
Street Railway Company
First Consolidated Mortgage
5 per cent Gold Bonds," "Park
and Cliff House Railway Com-
pany 6 per cent Bonds," "Los
Angeles Hallway Company 5
per cent Bonds," "Spring Val-
ley Water Works First Mort-
gage 6 per cent Bonds,"
"Spring Valley Water Works
Second Mortgage 4 per
cent Bonds" and "Pacific Gas
Improvement Company Flrot
Mortgage 4 per cent Bonds,"
the', market value of all said
Bonds being $352430 00. Said
Notes are kept and held by
said Corporation at its said
office, and Bald Notes and
Bonds are there situated.
3— Bonds of the United States.
" the actual value of which Is.. 21,D«S,*$5 17
. The condition of said Bonds .
Is as follows: They belong to
eald Corporation, and are kept
and held by it In Its own
vaults and are there situated.
They are "Registered 4 per
cent of 1907 ($18,000,000 00) and
4 per cent of 1925 ($1,000,000 00)
and 3 per cent of 1308 ($500.-
000 00) United States Bonds,"
arid are payable only to the
order of said Corporation.
4— Miscellaneous Bonds, the -ac-
tual value of which is 4,003,943 49
The condition of said Bonds
¦ is as follows: They belong to
said Corporation, and are kept
and held by it in Its own
vaults, and are there situated.
They are "Market Street Ca- ¦
ble Railway Company. 6 per
cent Bonds ($999,000 00),"
' "Market Street Railway Com-
pany First Consolidated Mort-
gage 5 per cent Bonds ($339,-
000 00)," * # Sutter Str«et Rail-
way Company 5 per cent
Bonds ($150,000 00)," "Powell
Street Railway Company 6 per
cent Bonds ($30,000 00)," "The
Omnibus Cable Company 6
per cent Bonds ($82,000 00),"
"Presidio and Ferries Rail-
. road Company 6 per cent
Bonds ($25,000 00)," "Northern -,
Railway Company of Califor-
nia 6 per cent Bonds ($545,-
000 00)," "San Francisco and ¦
, North Pacific Railway Com-
pany 5 per cent Bonds ($364,-
000 00)," Spring Valley Water
Works First Mortgage 6 per
cent Bonds ($78,000 00)." '
"Spring Valley Water "Works [
Second Mortgage 4 per cent
Bonds ($463,000 00)," "Spring
Valley Water Works Third
• Mortgage 4 per cent Bonds
($533,000 00)" and "City of San
Luis Oblspo 5 per cent Bonds
($22,500 30)."
5— Interest on Miscellaneous
Bonds accrued to July 1. 1901.. 260,637 28
6 — (a) Real . Estate situated In
the City and County of San
Francisco ($390,362 55), and In
the Counties of Santa Clara
($260,338 57). Alameda ($160.-
-206 61) and San Mateo ($29,-
312 96), In thla State, the ac-
tual value of which is.... 1,040.220 69
. (b) The land and building in
which said Corporation keeps
its said office, the actual value
of which is B69.841 90
The condition of said Real
Estate Is that It belongs to
said Corporation and part of
it is productive.
7— Cash in United' States Gold
and Silver Coin,. belonging to
' said Corporation, and in its
possession, and situated at Its
said office, Actual Value...... 2,027,247 31
Total Assets .$52,011,601 51
LIABILITIES.
1-^Sgid Corporation owes De-
. posits amounting to and the
I actual value of which is.. '....$48,910,081 86
The condition of said De-
posits Is that they are paya-
ble only out of said Assets
and are fully secured thereby.
2— Reserve Fund. Actual Value 3,101,519 65
Total Liabilities. .$53,011,601 51
The Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
By JAMES R. KELLY. President.
.The Hibernia Savings and . Loan Society,
1 By ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
State of California, ,\
City and County of San Francisco. J ss *
JAMES R. KELLY and . ROBERT J.
TOBIN, being each separately duly sworn,
each for himself, says: That said JAMES
R. KELLY is President, and that said
ROBERT J. TOBIN Is Secretary of THE
HIBERNIA SAVINGS 'AND LOAN SO-
CIETY, the Corporation above mentioned,
and that the foregoing statement 13 true
JAMES R. KELLY. President.
( ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary. '/
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
1st day of July, 1901.
- GEO. T. KNOX, Notary Public
In and I for the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California. /
y^^D£WEY,STRONG&CO. <^gaw ,
{& fipATENTS^
MARKET ST. SF.SS£&
ADVEKHBEIOINTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
- — OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
CALEDONIAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBTHROH. Scotland, on tha 31st dar
of December, A. D. 1900. and for the year
ending on that day. as made to the Insurance
ConSSpsloner of .the State of California pur-
suant to ths prorislona of sections 910 and «U
of the Political Code, condensed as per bUn*
furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and _
Bonds owned by Company fU«0*,m 09
Cash in Company's Office *» 13
Cash In Banks •• •- , 123,9a 9»
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and loans M.«* u
Premiums In due Coarse of CoHee-
tion '•" 1M.024 SS
Billa receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 493 M
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. Ml» 83
Total Asset* ,. $1.910. «17 M
LIABILITIES.
rosso* adjusted and unpaid .....$ J2.73S M
Losses In process! of Adjustment or •
I n 8nft)*pM #«•#•*••«.«#••#•••#••••••# 540 * 'J
i Lowes resisted. Includlns expenses.. 11.19« 13
• Gross premiums on Fire Hlsksnm-
I ninr one year or Je»s. $337.7a eS;
reinWance 60 per cent 468.88O 54
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nln* more than one year. |SS3,-
tmtt; ftemn.™* pro rata m.m 74
All other Liabilities 89.753 83
Total Liabilities ...$1.101.333 «
INCOME.
Net eaih actually received for Fire
oremlums »i,sb,«j3 *i
Beceived for interest and dividends
Bonds, .Stocks. Loans, and
from all other «ourcea.. 13.762 90
Received for profit on sale of se- _ ,„ _
ouriUea "• 1GS a
Total Income ,$l.g«.27» 54
EXPENDITURES. .
Net amount paid for Fir. Losses
(Including $201,773 23. losses of
previous years .-. $850,438 23
Paid or allowed for Commission or ¦
Brokerage -i"JX" 2SM0 ° 4j
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
eharpes for officers, clerks, etc.... 80.003 2?
Paid for State. National and Local
All other "payments and expendl-
tures 82.353 la
Total Expenditures .$1.322,569 31
Fire.
Lowes incurred during the year $ 799.882 52
Risks and Premiums. Fir* Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
y'e 1 ar te . n ... d . U .^f.-. t . he HW H.702.W3U
Net amount of Risks
aUKtt tBU»«
CECAS. TT POST. V. 8. Manarer.
N. A. Mc>TErx,. Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 28tl»
day of January, UOL H. K. FRANCK.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COASTDEPARTMENT,
325 California Street, S. F.
TKOS. J. CONROY, Manager.
GEO. W. BROOKS, Asst. Hgr.
BALFOUB, GDTHBIE 4 CO Directors.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE i
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
MANCHESTERFIRE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER. ENGLAND, ON THH
Slat day of December. A. D. 1900. and for
the year ending: on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
<10 and til of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the- Commissioner.
-» ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company...... $3,313 14
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
; Bonds owned by Company 1.400.830 00
! Cash in Company's Office 21.944 34
, Cash in Banks 135.157 68
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 5,054 17
Premiums In due Course of Collection 270, $02 i3
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 133 33
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 4,293 S3
Total Assets .$1,S«.O93 S3
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $88.2-14 83
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 71.122 83
Losses resisted, including <mpenses.. 13,203 20
I Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
Inlng- one year or less. $1,079,335 66;
reinsurance SO per cent 533,187 S3
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
p.lngr more than one year, f3S9, 980 51;
reinsurance pro rata «( w n
I All other liabilities n'.3&6 47
Total Liabilities ....11,289.405 40
INCOME. "
Jfet cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,387,230 e»
Received for tntenrst and dividends •
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources.. 51.4W 73
Total Income $1,439.74* t%
K3CPE?rc>ITTTRES. " ~~
Net amount raid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $125,683 47. losses of pre-
vious years) $878,051 17
Paid or allowed for Commission or • ¦
Brokerage .~..-..-..-..... ............. 283,503 35
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc 88 802 CS
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes w.tqi 73
All other payments and expenditures. 88.33S 03
Total Expenditures $1,385,255 43
~ ; ?¥<\ Tin.
Losses Incurred during the year $303,754 O
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks :
written during the •
year $179,879,502 $2,015,083 14
Net amount of Risks
expired during; the
year 175,572,743 1,941,679 U
Net amount I In force
December 31. 1900 194.148.187 ». 068.818 17
GEO. S. A. TOtTXO.
IT. S. Manager.
Subscribed ar.d swore to before me. this 8th
day of February, 1901. EDWTN F. COREY
. Commissioner for California In New York.
PACIFIC COASTDEPARTMENT,
323 California Street, S. F.
THOS/ J. CONROY, Manager.
GEO. W. BROOKS, Asst. Mgr.
BALFOJR, GUTHBIE & CO Directors,
DR.liALL'SREINVIGORATORprara
KJ*e hundred reward for any MCJ tCi
caea we cannot euro. This secret H*" ¦>¦?£
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours, J 51
cures Emissions. Irnpotency. Vari- feS BjS
cocele. Gonorrhea, Gleet, Fits. Rffi Wffl
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all "^sL4 ll-UJ
wastl.isr effects of self-abuse or j»WB irnl
excesses. Sent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 hiaBBm&Bm
bottles. $5; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855
Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073Vi
Market St.. 8. F. All private disease* quickly
cured Send for free book.
OflFr nnifll Corner Fourth and
I ALL UllVnl ""ket. S. V. Try
liUir ill I I Ul our Special . Brew,
Will L II U I fiL ? te& ™ and "Laser
Bo. Overcoats and
• :-•---- ' ¦. vallaea checked free.
Weak Men and Women
S2.?E LD . U , 8E DA3 «ANA BITTER3.THB
rS?' MoIl! w remedy; *W,3 health and
strength to sexual organs* Depot, 333 Market,NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (.Mission-street . wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at 'Fort Point,
the height, of tide Is. the same at both places.
United' States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. . ' . .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
I LIMERICK— Arrived July 1— Br ship Sllber
horn, hence Feb 27. : -•.._•
TY/NE— Arrived June SO— Ital ship Salvatore
Ciampa, hence Feb 24. i - '
DUNGENESS— Passed June 30— Br 6hlp An
dreta, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
NANAIMO- Sailed . June 30— Stmr Mlneola.
for San Francisco. ... ¦ . -
Arrived . June 30— Br stmr Victoria, hence
June 26.
GUAYAQUIL-Sailed .July 1-Schr John D
Tallant, for Port Tbwnsend.
HAIPHONG— Sailed Juno 29— Schr B - K
Woolf, for Puget Sound.
ACAPULCO— Sailed June 28— Stmr Acapul
co, for Panama. ¦ . ¦ ' /
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived July 1— Stmr Kal
¦er - Wilhelm der Grosse, from New York, .via
Cherboursr, and proceeded for Bremen. »
CHERBOURG— Arrived July 1— Stmr Sar
dinian, from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 1— Stmr Aller,
from Genoa, Naples and Gibraltar.
- ANTWERP- Arrived July 1— Stmr Teenkai,
from Tacoma, via Manila.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 1— Stmr Tunis
ian, from Montreal; , •
Peace in the Philippines is bound to prove
profitable . to all concerned. Warring • condi
tions, whether they be in the Philippines or in
the human stomach, are equally disastrous.
If' your stomach has - rebelled, there Is one
authority that will quickly subdue it. It is
Ho3tetter*s Stomach Bitters, and it cures con
stipation,- Indizestlon, biliousness, nervousness
and dyspepsia, i See that a : private Revenue
Stamp covers the neck of the bottle.
Peace in the Philippines.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given ln the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day ln the ordrr of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are ln addition to. the. soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when - a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference Is
the mean of the lower low waters.
. TO SAIL. '-.-.:
•:¦¦'¦. ., -FROM SEATTLE. ¦
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographio Office, U. ¦ B. N., • Mer
chants' - Exchange, a San . Francisco. '• Cal..*
i July 1, asoi:: ' >>¦:-- ¦/¦¦-.. ' .- r<U. ¦',¦¦¦-,: >
-The; time -.ball on 'the tower of. the new. Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e., at noon of , the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p.' m.', . Greenwich time. ¦ ' « : • .f. • .
>; c- a: calkins,
-Lieutenant Commander," U.' S. N., in charge.
CAMPFIRE SCINTILLATIONS.
CAMP REVERIE.
On Saturday an amateur dramatic com
• pany from San Francisco, composed of
students from the University of Califor
nia, came to, Camp Reverie and produced
a clever little open air farce called "Peg
gy Green," A stage was improvised at
one end of the platform, with quickly con
structed scenery formed of forest boughs
with real redwood logs in the foreground
Miss AMc:e Martin, as the leading lady,
made a charming rustic beauty of Merrle
England, Allan Dimond. aa the joung
Knglish lord with more money than
brains, scored as great a hit as did Eu
gene Fritz as plowboy, Lurllne Lyons,
leading lady in the play of "Young Mrs.
Winthrcm," which these ambitious and
talented young people gave with such suc
cess in £an Francisco society circles, hid
her pretty face under a eunbonnet and
played the part of the country aunt to
perfection. An appreciative audience of
about three hundred witnessed the per
formance, after which the guests of the
camp and their friends frem the immedi
ate vicinity enjoyed a dance, closing at
the conservative hours kept by the camp.
New Bank Incorporated,
A new commercial bank has been incor-r
porated at Arbuckle, Colusa County, it
has a capital of $50,000. George Meckfessel
and H. H. Seaton. prominent citizens of
Aibuckle, nave been elected respectively
president anfi treasurer. The field Is. a
new one, .-.¦";. ' v :.- : r'
•Captain Gunderspn has-been appointed
to tha Eteamship Iaqua. The, latter vessel
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
State of California has created a new rec
ord for the round trip from Puget Sound
to Nome. She made the run In 20 days 7
hours. This time includes a two days'
stop at Nome and several hours' detention
at Port Townsend, . , '
Captain S, B. Johnsen has taken com
mand of the ship Lancing, Captain Chap
man, late of the Lancing, is going to have
comma nd : of one ; of ; Hind, ¦ Rolph' & ' Co.'s
fleet. - ' ¦•¦¦-.- ¦¦¦":.¦ '-.. ¦
Ex-State Senator John Hoey. is now a
State policeman on the water front, 'He
donned hia uniform for the first time yes
terday. It is rumored that' other changes
aie in the air.
Water Front Notes,
Both the Zealandia and the Sierra are
behind time, Jt la not at all certain that
the Zealandia got away from Honolulu.
When tha Doric sailed Chief Engineer
Keller was having considerable trouble in
getting certain repairs made, owing to the
strike. If she was detained on that ac
count her passengers and cargo would be
transferred to the Sierra, and that would
detain the Australian mail boat. Then in
coming ships report very heavy head
winds off shore, which would keep the
steamships back. Both will probably be
heard from early this morning, .
Delayed Mail Steamships.
The Buford went on the drydock ' yes*
terday, {She will be overhauled and will
start tor tha Kast via Manila. . Major S.
B. Jones has been appointed quartermas
ter captain of the Buford, vice Major
Crtager,
The Grant ffoes on the drydock to-day
arid will b« fitted out for another voyage
V the Philippines.
The iLogan and the Thornis are being
got ready for the school teachers. Both
of them will sail about the middle of the
month.
The Pak Ling was released by the Gov
ernment yesterday and sailed during the
afternoon tor Seattle. She will go . Into
the Oriental trade.
Movements of Transports.
William at once came to "Frisco," but
there was no wife to meet him. As she
took $40 that "was in the house along with
her. Captain Dunleavy is of the opinion
that Mrs. Clyde sent her husband here on
a wild goose chase, while she moved away
ln another direction. Clyde thinks his
wife has gone to her home ln Los An
geles and is going there to look for her.
He will not believe that there is another
man in the case, but can give no reason
why his wife should leave home and send
him on a wild goose chase. . -
"Oh, I'm nearly crazy. Come to Frisco
as soon as you get your money. By-by.
Don't fail to come, dear."
"William A. Clyde, a young Sacramento
mechanic. Is looking for his missing wife.
Yesterday, for some reason best known
to himself, he was along the front seek
ing come trace of her, and finally ap
pealed to Captain Dunleavy of the har
bor police. When he reached home Sat
urday night he found the following note
pinned to a curtain:
Spouse Has Eloped.
Sacramento Mechanic Thinks . His
The ship John A. Briggs left Nagasaki
for Port Townsend fifty-one days ago,
while the barkentine C. F. Crocker left
Port Gamble for Kobe seventy-flve days
ago. If the Crocker met the weather that
help«d the Law along she I? not more
than half way to Japan. The Briggs,
however, should arrive on the Sound
pretty soon now.
SEZETNG A KTJNA'WAY WIFE.
"When I left Yokohama the schooner
A. J. West was ready to follow me. She
was from Manila for Grays Harbor, but
had to put into Yokohama In distress.
She vras leaking badly, but was put in
first class shape and Captain Ogilvie told
me he was going to make a record run to
the coast or know the reason why. If he
got the weather the William Law encoun
tered he must have had a lively time."
hold caught hold of his shipmate around
the -waist. Flynn yelled, "idold on tight,
Quigley," but before the latter could
brace himself the strain came and both
-were hurled to the deck. Quigley was
thrown against the braces and landed on
the deck ln a sitting position. He es
caped -with a sprained ankle and -was able
to bobble to the forecastle. Flynn fell on
his head and lived only a few minutes.
The deceased was a native of Ireland,
aged 50 years.
In talking about the Law's run yester
day. Captain Hurlbert said: "We had
most remarkable weather on the run
over. During the thirty days we were
under canvas we had five storms and
nearly all the time we were under lower
topsails. The first gale blew from, the
northeast and we made good progress be
fore it Then we had three heavy blows
in succession from the westward, and
finally' last Friday it blew a living gale
from the northeast, shifting to the north
and then northwest. The barometer fell
from 30.30 to 29.70 and I prepared for
heavy weather. Sunday at noon we were
snugged down to fore and main lower top
sails and that was about all -we could
stagger along under. I secured a good
observation and figured that I was 100
miles from the lightship. I looked over
the side, however, and came to the con
clusion that we -were In soundings. I got
another observation and still according to
it -we were nearly 100 miles from our.des
tination. Then I saw land birds and re
marked to the mate that the shore was
not far off and that the chronometer must
be -wrong. I ordered the mizzen lower
topsail set and was preparing to stajid
off -when we sighted the Faxallones. As
soon as I could get ashore I had my chro
nometer tested and found it to be nearly
100 miles out. How it can have gone so
radically wrong In thirty days is a mys
tery, as It was right to a mile before I
left Yokohama.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, July 1.
Etmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 25 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson,' 45 hours from
San Pedro. I ....
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, 80 hours from What
cocn. , • .'.¦-¦
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, 56 hours from Til
lamook.
Stmr Mandalay, Reed. . E6 hours from Co
quille River. •
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, 69 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Br ship 'William . Law,: Hurlburt, 31 days
from Yokohama.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Hagerup, 24 hours
from Stewarts Point.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, 20 hours from Point
Arena. .
Schr Gotama, Semsen, 68 hours from Coos
Bay.
Bchr ilelancthon, Olsen, 61 hours from "Coos
Bay: ' . '
Schr Fanny Dutard, Rudbach, 9 days from
Port Blakeley. . ¦ •
. CLEARED.
¦I .. Monday, July 1.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, San Pedro; Goodall,'
Perkins & Co. . ">i ¦ •
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka; Goodall,- Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Nav Co,
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, Seattle; Thomas
Pollard.
Br Btmr Pak Ling, Worrall, Seattle; U S
Government. • . :
SAILED.
Monday, July L •'
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura. . -
Stmr Pomona, Shea, . Eureka.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson. Coos Bay. . •
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, .
Stmr Aberdeen, Jensen, Eureka.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, — '-. . . .
Br stmr Pak Ling, Worrall, Seattle.
Bktn Portland, Clark, Tacoma.
. . ' MEMORANDljM, ,
Per Br ship Wm Law— On June 19 Daniel
Flynn. aged BO years, a native of Limerick,
Ireland, fell from the upper topsail yard and
was Instantly .killed. Buried at sea.-:, •.
TELEGRAPHIC. .' • v "
POINT LO BOS, July 1, • 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind BW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. - .
LORING— Arrived June 22— Stmr Kayak,
hence June 15. - ' ' . .-
USAL— Arrived July 1— Stmr Samoa, hence
June 29, - -
NBAH BAY-Passed out July t-Schr Min
dora, from Hastings Mill, for Fremantle,
Passed ln July 1 — Ship John A Briggs, from
Nagasaki; Etmr Centennial, from Nome, for
.Seattle, . .
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived July 1— Schr Wm
Olsen, hence June 19, ; ¦'- ' '¦¦-- ' ¦¦¦,
PORT- GAMBLE— Arrived July 1— Schr AItc«
Cooke, hence Juno 16, • ••¦>
TACOMA— Sailed July 1— Ship Charmer, for
Honolulu,
Arrived July J.— Schr Annie Larsen, from
San Pedre, , . • '
UN ALASKA— Arrived Juno 11— Stmr Baldle,
hence May SO, ' ' " .¦¦¦',
Sailed June 1&— Stmrs Portland, Dora and
Saldie, for Nome, June 17— Stmr St Paul, for
Nome, •'""'.. .. ¦ ' •
PORT TOWNSBND— Passed ln July : 1— Schr
Win Olsen, hence Juno . 19, ' for Port Gamble;
Br bark Eaton Hall, from Callao; schr Fred
J Wood," for Fairhaven r. schr Annie Larsen,
for Tacoma: etmr Victorian, for Seattle,.
Sailed July 1— Schr Nokomis, for Honolulu,.
• SEATTLE— Arrived ' July ; 1— Ship ¦ Spartan,
hence June 14; Br stmr Sutherland, from Port
Gamble, ,. •• ,^ » ¦',', - .. ,_. • : - ¦'
-Sailed July 1— Br stmr Sutherland,' for Port
Blaksley, . " ¦ ; /.'.. ; ' '. : >':
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived June 39— Bktn
Retrie\er, hence June 15j bktn J M Griffith,
from San Dle^o, . : .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 1— Schr Corona,
from Ballard. .' '
/.PORT BLAKELBY— Arrived July 1— Schp f
S Redfield,' hence rjune" 15,?. : <¦-.¦ -• , •
.=- > FOREIGN PORTS, > *
' CAPB : TOWN— Arrived r July 1— fihiB V A J
Fuller,, from Port iBlakeley, / : • . \. . .„
---HASTINGS MILL— Sailed June BO^Schr Mln
ddra,' for ¦ Fremantle. ¦ '•; • • ¦
ANTWERP— Arrived June . M—Br . ship Sea
farer, hence Feb 27, . '¦•'** . . , ¦
HULL— Arrived June 29— Br , ship»Dunstaff
na:o, from Tacoma." ' - ' ; '¦ » ¦- •¦«'¦'
. MONTEVIDEO— Sailed June 88— Btmr ; Tarn-,
pico, for San Francisco. ' • • ¦
i ¦ YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to ' June 28— Ship
Cavaliere 'Clampa,; for. Antwerp. .\ •»•'¦¦•¦•.¦ . . .• ,-.
SWANSEA— Sailed June 27— Br shlp.Angle
fg^i for.' San Francisco, '¦¦
Receipts and Exports for June.
LUMBER— Receipts of Lumber at this port
ln June were as follows: From California, 13,
721,000 feet: Washington, li.S10.000; Oregon,
5,346,000; British Columbia, 60.000, making a
total of 30.437.000 feet. The exports during, the
month were 2,427,000 feet. - . -. -•
SALMON— Receipts of Salmon were 22S5
cases and 134 packages, " and the exports 27SS
cafes and 22 packages.
COAL— Receipts of Coal were as 1 follows:
From Puget Sound. 49.043 tons: British Cofum
bla, 46,656; Oregon, 3210; Australia, 21.822; Bal
timore, 5000; total receipts, 125,731 tons.
The British General will load wheat here for
Europe at 36s 3d net, chartered prior to ar
rival; the Ecuador, wheat at Portland for Eu
rope, 87b 6d, prior to arrival; the Fred J.
Wood, lumber at Fairhaven for Valparaiso for
orders, 67s Sd (2s 6d less direct), prior to arri
val ; the Glory of the Seas, coal at Comox for
this port; the Queen will' carry the lumber
cargo of the British schooner Alexander to
Petropaulovskl.
• »-v .
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer Walla Walla sailed Sunday for
Victoria with a general carso for British Co
lumbia valued at $14,2S4, Including: the follow
ing merchandise: 19 cs rams, 10 cs axle
grease, 27S7 lbs bread. 243S lbs beans. 146 cs
canned groods, 10 tons chop feed, 7485 lbs dried
fruit, 26 cs drugs, 1504 pkgs fruit and vege
tables, 76 pkps groceries and provisions, 10 cs
household goods, 23 bales hose, 1194 ft lumber,
8 pkgs machinery, 101. OGO lbs malt, 21- cs paste,
51 pkgs paint,' 86 crts onions. 1026 sks potatoes,
78 pkgs raisins. 30.000 lbs salt, 1CC0 lbs sul
phlc acid, fiO cs salmon. 474 lbs tobacco, 3460
lbs table meal, 9 cs 69S gals wine, 4 ¦ pkgs
wacon material. .
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEA.TT.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
has been rebuilt and Is how ready for sea
again. . » > •
H. F. Donaldson, late editor of Marine
Engineering, is, in San Francisco on a
visit.
HE British ship "William Law,
8 • which arrived early yesterday
I morning from Yokohama, made
It the run In the splendid time of 31
days. About two weeks ago there
was a. remarkable accident, attended by
a fatality aboard. Two of the sailors fell
from the upper topsail yard to the deck.
One of them had his skull fractured and
his shoulder, arm and leg smashed, while
the other escaped with a sprained ankle.
It was on June 19 last. Daniel Flynn
and William Quigley were aloft, bending
the main upper topsail. Flynn tried to
pass Quigley on the yard, and losing his
TAXES REPEALED.
. Apslgnnvnt of mortgage.
Bank cht-cks.
Certincat.-s of damage, deposit, marine, etc,
except of I'.-oSC
Charter parties.
Checlcs on banks.
Cosmetics,
Dispatches \<y telegraph.
iJomestlc money orders.
t»rafts on sight or demand.
Express receipts.
Insurance of fc'.l kinds.
Leases, „
Legacies for religious, charitable or educa
tional purposes.
Manifests for custom-house entry or clear
ance.
Medicines, proprleUry.
Messages by telephone or telegraph.
Mortgages or pledges.
Order for payment cf money eo sight or on
demand.
Perfumery,
Proprietary medicinal preparations.
Power of attorney.
Promissory notes,
' Protests,
Proxy,
Telegraphic dl spa tehee.
Telephone messages.
Warehouse receipts.
The Merchants' Association has ure
pared a schedule of the taxes abolished
and retained in the amendments to the
war tax act, and these are being distrib
uted for the information and convenience
or" all lucky enough to be favored with
one. The schedule is complete and cor
recL It is as follows:
STASIP TAXES.
Bills of exchange (Inlandj other r**T, &t sieht
or on demand and — •-*
Bills of exchange (foreign) mdndlng forelra
money order*— 2c for $106 or less *nd 2c ior ?«*h
additional $100 or less.
Bills of lading — lc each and »«»»>» dnpllcaie
Bonds, corporate— 5c for each $109 ol tux
%-alue. or fraction thereof.
Bonds of indemnity— 50c each.
Brokers' agreements, sales or memoranda.— lc
tor JlOO or iracUon tnereol.
EroJter*' Ehops") agreeinenta or
sales, etc— 2c lor each $lw) or fraction thereof.
Brokers' notes or memoranda other than
».bove— 10c each.
Certificate* of indebtedness or of stock— 5c for
each JlOO ot face value or fraction- thereof.
CertiUcaxec of proai or of stock transfers
2c for each flSJO of lace value or fraction
thereof.
Conveyances, real estate— 25c when valua
from {2500 to $3000. aad £5c for «¦«>•>' additional
$jny or less over JSOOu.
£>eeds — 3c wlini value from ?Z500 to $3000. an<3
25c for each additional $5(W or less over $2000.
Debentures— 5c icr each $100 of face -value or
fraction thereof.
Entry at Custom-house — 25c for less than $li0 !
value- 50c from JlOO to fM) value. »"* $1 tor j
over tVft value. !
flour, mixed— 4c a barrel.
Legacies, other than religion*, charitable or
educational— 75c to J15 on each J10Q. according
to amount of estate.
Letters of credit — 2c for each J10G or i-»«
and 2c for each additional $100 or less.
Parlor or sleeping car tickets — lc each.
Pass.er.ftr tickets to foreign -ports— 50c far
each 550 or less when cost exceeds $50.
"Wines, bottlfed— lc on each pint bottle or les*.
2c a bottle over pint.
Withdrawal of foods from bonded irare
house—50c each,
SPECIAL TAXES.
Ale— 51 6C a banej cf not crer 31 gallons.
Bankers— $50 a year on first $23,000 capita]
and it tor each additional 11006.
Heer — Ji 60 a barrel of not over 21 gallon*.
Billiard rooms— J5 a year for each table.
IJowlir.g alleys— $5 a year for each alley.
Brokers— $59 a year.
Brokers. Custom-house— $10 a year.
Brokers., bucket shops — $30 a year for ~*r<>t of
fice.
Cig-ars— From Me to $3 per thousand, accord
ing to weight.
Cigarettes— From 5*c to Jl OS per tbtrasanfi,
acoordinr to value.
Circuses — $100 a year.
Concert halls — $100 a yeas.
Exhibitions or shows — $10 a year.
Manufacturers of mixed flour— $12 a year.-
Museums— $100 a year.
Pawnbrokers — $20 a year.
Porter — $l 60 a barrel of not orer 21 gallons.
Tea — y>c a pound import duty.
Theaters— $100 a year.
the Act by the Last Congress.
When Collector Welburn's administra
tion ended the office was given a rank by
the department of ZM, the lowest in the
scale. During the fiscal year just ended
ti}© office has been examined twice by
United States revenue agents from Wash
ington, and in each case received the rank
of No. L The accounts of the office are
now in such shaoe that the trial balance
lor the fiscal year and for the four years
of the term of Collector Lynch was pre
pared and an abstract mailed to Washing
ion on July 1, the first time that this has
been done in the history of the office. The
total collections for the term of office
have amounted to $13,167,836 t>6, and the
deposits as certified by the United States
Depositary are exactly the same amount.
The First District of California is pe
culiar in several features. It is but one
of the sixty-four revenue districts in the
United States, but in the district is pro
duced half cf the brandy made in the
United States and two-thirds of the sweet
v.-ine is fortified here. Then nearly half
of the Chinese registered in the United
States have their certificates on flle in San
Francisco. The supervision of the mak
ing of sweet wine, the brandy used in
it, and the registration of the Chinese
is undertaken by the United States Rev
enue Service without expense to the tax
payer, acd it does not result ln the col
lection of any revenue. From all data the
aniourt of work to be done has increased
in the past four years over 50 per cent,
while the expense of doing the work has
increased but 6 per cent.
The total amount collected yesterday
was $59,059 48: the sum collected July r.
lauO, was $30,965 05. ' "^
W3EEE THE WAS TAX STANDS.
Effect of tire Amendments Made to
Yesterday began the fifth fiscal year of
the administration of Collector John C.
Lynch. A comparison of the fiscal year
Just ended witn the fiscal year ending
June SO. 1S97, the last year of the admlnis
trttlon of Collector O. M. Welburn. shows
the growth of the office. For 1836-97 the
total collections were $2,746,573 So. For
1300-01 the collections were $4 ,034,823 12, an
increase of 46.5 per cent. In 1525-97 the
sweet wine production was 3.740.06D gallons.
For 1900-01 the production was 6,266.834 gal
lons, an increase of 67.6 per cent. For
1S96-97 the total expenses of the office
were JS8,750 5S. For 19M-01 the expenses
were $54,730, an Increase of 6.5 per cent.
Growing Importance of This
State as a National
¦: : *\ Money Maker.
Notable Improvement in
the Internal Tax
Business.
REVENUE'S TIDE
RAPIDLY RISING
REMARKABLE ACCIDENT ON SHIP
WILLIAM LAW DURING HEAVY GALE
In Passing W.Quigley on the Upper Topsail Yard D.Fly;nn Loses
His Footing and in FallingTakes His Messmatje Along V^ithHim.
Flynn Is Killed but Quigley Escapes With a Sprained Ankle
GENERAL YOUNG
IS IN COMMAND
Army Officials Pleased
at the Display of
Feeling.
Sunday's Ceremonies an Inno
vation in Military
'Circles.
•The retirement of General Shaf ter was
the sole topic of discussion ; among mili
tary officials- yesterday. The ceremonies
attending , the transfer* of a department
command ln the post have usually., been
without ostentation, and in consequence
the assumption of \ command ' by General
Young Sunday, attended as it was by. a
display of good | feeling and camaraderie
caused considerable discussion. '.'...
¦ Since the establishment , of the^Departi
ment of California it has been the custom
to transfer the command with bare polite
ness and form. The ceremony of Sunday
was therefore an innovation., - •
The affairs of the department ran along
as usual yesterday. General Young. came
to the office early in the day and was kept"
busy signing the official' documents which
the : coming of a new department com
mander renders necessary. Out at the Pre
sidio everything^ was surroiuided by an
air of peace. There are but three volun?
teer regiments remaining on the resver
vation awaiting muster out, and prep
arations • for > their retirement- from the
service on the 2d, 3d and 5th of July are
well. under way. 'According to the pres
ent schedule the Forty-seventh Infantry,
will be. mustered out to-day, , the Forty
flrst.Wednesday and the Forty-third Fri
day. . The mustering, out of these- three
regiments will close the career of ..the vol
unteer army of the Spanish and the Fili
pino wars. ..' , .. , :/ . . ¦
. . Miss i Isabelle Cowan, who since . the or
ganization of the general hospital • at the
Presidio has held the ¦ position of head
nurse," was relieved by her own request
yesterday. - She \ was succeeded by Miss
Tweed,, a nurse of great ability and well
known in the hospital corps. .-._-¦¦:
¦ The railroad clerka who- have been sta-'
tioned' in the information bureau estab-,
lished at the Presidio by the various rail-j
ways since the volunteers commenced to
return were a busy crowd . Sunday. They*
handled something like $200,000 and fur
nished, orders for tickets, to all the dis
charged soldiers who left for their homes
Sunday night and yesterday. •
LOCAL OFFICES OF. TWO
BOADS TO BE COMBINED
Denver and Bio Grande and Bio
Grande Western to Occupy '
the Same Booms. *
The Denver and" Rio. Grande Railroad
and the Rio Grande Western, Railway
offices in this city are to be consolidated.
•In the future Fred Thompson will act as
general passenger , agent of both roads
and' W. J. Shotwell will act as general
freight agent. J. M. Crawley, formerly
freight agent. of the Rio Grande Western,
resigns and the office of the Denver and
Rio Grande Western on California street
will be given up.
The Goulds some time ago bought the.
Denver and Rio Grande and soon after
ward the Rio Grande Western was. pur
chased by the same interest. The two
roads .have been consolidated and the
staff consequently has been cut down
one-half. ¦"*•¦; : ;
• H. E. Huntlngton has given up the of
flces in the Union Trust building that he
has used for -so 'many- 'years and in <;ho
future they will be used by President
Hays. Huntington has taken offices in
the Wells^Fargo building on Second street,
so. that he can be in closer communication
with the officers of "the Market-street
Railway Company. His moving out cf
the railroad building indicates that he is
no longer to be connected with the South
ern Pacific In any manner. ¦¦ . » :
In the Divorce Court.
Delia M. Murray was granted a divorce
from John J. Murray yesterday on j the
ground of extreme cruelty. Suits for.di
vorce were filed yesterday by Hedwig J.
Frisk against Emil J. Frisk for desertion,
and Louise A. Corwell against Charles R.
Corwell for cruelty. ¦ ¦ ¦ •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAXL, TUESDAY,; JULY 2, 1901.
BRITISH SHIP WILLIAM LAW UNDER LOWER' TOPGALLANT SAILS; SHE .WAS IN FIVE GALES DURING,
JiER PASSAGE OF THIRTY-ONE DAYS FROM YOKOHAMA. CAPTAIN HURLBERT WAS 100 MILES OUT
IN HIS CALCULATIONS OWING TO A FAULTY CHRONOMETER.
5
« Ministers Hear Discussions.
.At the-meeting of the ministers of the
various Protestant denominations which
were held yesterday morning: Interesting
papers . were presented. At the meeting
of the Methodist Episcopal mlnlsters.'which
was held, in the Epworth League Hall,
1037 Market street. Professor Bert Estes
Howard read a paper on "Religion for
Men," In .which he argued that religion
should be, practiced in the same manly
spirit as portrayed in the life of Christ,
At the session of the Presbyterian minis
ters Mrs, L. A. Kelly, who was a dele
gate from the . Occidental Board to the
recent. convention at. Philadelphia, preT
sented her report. ."The Union of Hu
manity and Deity in Christ" was the sub
ject of an interesting and instructive dis-
sertation which , was delivered by Dt\
SfSf^^^Ji?™^.^ ffSKT^1^
T I,1ST?^i,™ meetln S ln the Y- «• C
"** Auditorium.
¦ - * • '
John Tuite Seriously Injured,
-,.>,_ rp,.,*. _„_ „» T»ftH<.I nm« f i im«
_ J°hn ™e > f.°° ot Police Officer James
Tuite. -while riding his wheel on Sixth
street, near Mission, early yesterday
morning was struck by a delivery wagon
belonging to Lawson & Owens and hurled
violently to the ground. He was removed
at once to the Emergency Hospital, whero
It was found that he had suffered a severa
contusion of one of his hips, besides In
ternal injuries, which may prove fatal.
Subsequently the boy was removed to his
home. 1055 Mission street.
TUESDAY. JULY 2.
Sun rises....................
Sun sets
Moon ' rises.
V.hl"]
..4:51
.7:35
i. in.
Time Time • ' '
Date Ft. Ft.
L. \V ¦ I. W
» ... 5:42 1:00 4.8
t ... 6:20-0.6 1:37 4.9
H W L- XV
4 ... 0:08 6.6 7:00 — 0.4
6 ... 1:00 B.4 7:40 —0.1
6 ... 1:55 6.1 8:19 0.3
7 .. 3:C0 4.6 9:04 0.S
8 .. 4:1] 4.3 9:56 1.4
I Time |
L W
6:20
6:10
H W
2:11
2:46
3:22
4:01
4:44
l«.
3.0
2.9
Time
H W
11:21
l'w
7:01
'8:00
9 04
10:10
11:14
Ft.
5.8
5.0
5.2
5.3
5.4
B.6
¦ 2.7
2.4
2.1
1.7
1.2
: earner.
'rom,
iue.
Zealandla.......
Sierra....
St. Paul........
W. H. Kniger.
Hermonthls....
Pulton '.
Strathgyle-
Noyo.....
Eureka '. .
Washtenaw..:;
San Pedro......
Pomona.. ......
North Fork....
G. W. Elder...
Santa Rn?a....
Crescent City..
Coos Bay.......
Point Arena...
Arequipa. ......
G. Dollar
Rival
City of Puebla.
Arcata. ..;.".*....
Despatch.......
Milton..........
Czarina
Bonlta
Corona.........*
Newburgr..... .'.
Honolulu -
Sydney & Way Ports...
Nome & St. Michael...
Fort Bragg:
Hamburg & Way Pts..
Grays Harbor ;
Oyster Harbor
Cayucos :../.:.
Humboldt !
Tacoma ...'
Humboldt '.
Humboldt '
Humboldt
Portland and Astoria..
Pan. Diego
Crescent City
Newport ;........
Point Arena
Valparaiso & Way Pts
Grays Harbor :....
Wlllapa Harbor ........
Puget Sound Ports
Coos Bay .....:....
San Pedro
Nanaimo .....'.....
Seattle and .Tacoma....
Ban Pedro & Way Ports
San Diego i
Grays Harbor ..:' ...I
July 2
July 2
July 2
July 2
July ¦ 2
July 3
July 3
July 3
July 3
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 5
July 6
July 5
July 5
July 6
July 6
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 8
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
R. Dollar.....
Empire.......
Columbia.....
Acme
Bonlta..
W.' H. Kruge
Zealandia....
Noyo........i
Mandalay....
Corona
Eureka
Rainier.......
Umatllla.:...
Ammon.......
- ¦ n 1 " ¦ :¦
Jnly 2.
Seattle & Hadlock.
Coos Bay
Astoria & Portland
Sluslaw River ....
San Pedro ?.. ..;...:
- Jnly 3; . |
Tlllamook Bay......
Honolulu
Humbnldt ;.....'....
Coqullle River......
San -Dtetro;
Jnly 4.. .
Humboldt ..,,..,,...
July 5.
Seattle & N. What.
Puget Sound Ports
Hamburg & Way..
July 6.
Humboldt . ..........
Humboldt
Valparaiso & Way.
Newport ..;..
•' 3 i July. T. , ¦¦,
Mexican Ports. .....
Astoria & Portland
Humboldt ,,
Humboldt V........ 1 .
San Diego..,...;..;.
Seattle Ak-Fatrhavn
. July 8. -.-.,
Coos Bay .."....'...'..
Point .Arena........
Panama & Way."..
Grays ' Harbor
Willapa Harbor.,..
5 pm
10 am
11 am
3 pm
9 am
. I
5 pm
10 am
R pm
5 pm
9 am
I 9 am
5 pm
11 am
12 m
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier 11
IPler 13
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier 11
jPler 13
Pier , 2
Pier 9
Pier 27
Santa Barb'rt
Pomona
Tucapel.
Coos Bay.....
10 am
1:30 p
12 m
9 am
Pier 3
Pier 9
Pier 10
Pier 11
Curacao,,,,.,
G, W, Elder.
North Fork;.
San Pedro..,,
Santa Hoea.,.
Despatch.....
10 am
11 am
9 am
10 am
9 am
5 pm
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 18
Arcata........
Point Arena, 1
San Jose.....
Grace Dollar.
Rival.....;...
1J m
2 pm
12. m
6 pm
5 pm
Pier 13
Pier 2
IPMSS
Pier -2.
Pier —
Steamer,
Destination.
Sails.
>regon.. ....... Nome & Teller City,,,.. July
Victorian....... Skaguay & 'Way Ports. July
Jity of Topeka Skaguay &: Way Porte. July
lumboldt.....". Skaguay. & Way Ports. July
lenator......... Nome & Teller City. X.; July
Valencia. ,,...^.' Nome direct... .,",",. .'..'.';. July
Centennial..., , Nome & Teller. City.,.. July
)olphin. ........ Skaguay. &. Way Ports. July
farallon.:..:,.. Bkaguay'fe Way Ports. July
Jueen. .......... Skaguay ¦& Way Ports. July,
TUESDAY. JULY 2.
Sun rises....................
Sun sets
Moon ' rises.
V.hl"]
..4:51
.7:35
i. in.
Time Time • ' '
Date Ft. Ft.
L. \V ¦ I. W
» ... 5:42 1:00 4.8
t ... 6:20-0.6 1:37 4.9
H W L- XV
4 ... 0:08 6.6 7:00 — 0.4
6 ... 1:00 B.4 7:40 —0.1
6 ... 1:55 6.1 8:19 0.3
7 .. 3:C0 4.6 9:04 0.S
8 .. 4:1] 4.3 9:56 1.4
I Time |
L W
6:20
6:10
H W
2:11
2:46
3:22
4:01
4:44
l«.
3.0
2.9
Time
H W
11:21
l'w
7:01
'8:00
9 04
10:10
11:14
Ft.
5.8
5.0
5.2
5.3
5.4
B.6
¦ 2.7
2.4
2.1
1.7
1.2
: earner.
'rom,
iue.
Zealandla.......
Sierra....
St. Paul........
W. H. Kniger.
Hermonthls....
Pulton '.
Strathgyle-
Noyo.....
Eureka '. .
Washtenaw..:;
San Pedro......
Pomona.. ......
North Fork....
G. W. Elder...
Santa Rn?a....
Crescent City..
Coos Bay.......
Point Arena...
Arequipa. ......
G. Dollar
Rival
City of Puebla.
Arcata. ..;.".*....
Despatch.......
Milton..........
Czarina
Bonlta
Corona.........*
Newburgr..... .'.
Honolulu -
Sydney & Way Ports...
Nome & St. Michael...
Fort Bragg:
Hamburg & Way Pts..
Grays Harbor ;
Oyster Harbor
Cayucos :../.:.
Humboldt !
Tacoma ...'
Humboldt '.
Humboldt '
Humboldt
Portland and Astoria..
Pan. Diego
Crescent City
Newport ;........
Point Arena
Valparaiso & Way Pts
Grays Harbor :....
Wlllapa Harbor ........
Puget Sound Ports
Coos Bay .....:....
San Pedro
Nanaimo .....'.....
Seattle and .Tacoma....
Ban Pedro & Way Ports
San Diego i
Grays Harbor ..:' ...I
July 2
July 2
July 2
July 2
July ¦ 2
July 3
July 3
July 3
July 3
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 5
July 6
July 5
July 5
July 6
July 6
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 8
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
R. Dollar.....
Empire.......
Columbia.....
Acme
Bonlta..
W.' H. Kruge
Zealandia....
Noyo........i
Mandalay....
Corona
Eureka
Rainier.......
Umatllla.:...
Ammon.......
- ¦ n 1 " ¦ :¦
Jnly 2.
Seattle & Hadlock.
Coos Bay
Astoria & Portland
Sluslaw River ....
San Pedro ?.. ..;...:
- Jnly 3; . |
Tlllamook Bay......
Honolulu
Humbnldt ;.....'....
Coqullle River......
San -Dtetro;
Jnly 4.. .
Humboldt ..,,..,,...
July 5.
Seattle & N. What.
Puget Sound Ports
Hamburg & Way..
July 6.
Humboldt . ..........
Humboldt
Valparaiso & Way.
Newport ..;..
•' 3 i July. T. , ¦¦,
Mexican Ports. .....
Astoria & Portland
Humboldt ,,
Humboldt V........ 1 .
San Diego..,...;..;.
Seattle Ak-Fatrhavn
. July 8. -.-.,
Coos Bay .."....'...'..
Point .Arena........
Panama & Way."..
Grays ' Harbor
Willapa Harbor.,..
5 pm
10 am
11 am
3 pm
9 am
. I
5 pm
10 am
R pm
5 pm
9 am
I 9 am
5 pm
11 am
12 m
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier 11
IPler 13
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier 11
jPler 13
Pier , 2
Pier 9
Pier 27
Santa Barb'rt
Pomona
Tucapel.
Coos Bay.....
10 am
1:30 p
12 m
9 am
Pier 3
Pier 9
Pier 10
Pier 11
Curacao,,,,.,
G, W, Elder.
North Fork;.
San Pedro..,,
Santa Hoea.,.
Despatch.....
10 am
11 am
9 am
10 am
9 am
5 pm
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 18
Arcata........
Point Arena, 1
San Jose.....
Grace Dollar.
Rival.....;...
1J m
2 pm
12. m
6 pm
5 pm
Pier 13
Pier 2
IPMSS
Pier -2.
Pier —
Steamer,
Destination.
Sails.
>regon.. ....... Nome & Teller City,,,.. July
Victorian....... Skaguay & 'Way Ports. July
Jity of Topeka Skaguay &: Way Porte. July
lumboldt.....". Skaguay. & Way Ports. July
lenator......... Nome & Teller City. X.; July
Valencia. ,,...^.' Nome direct... .,",",. .'..'.';. July
Centennial..., , Nome & Teller. City.,.. July
)olphin. ........ Skaguay. &. Way Ports. July
farallon.:..:,.. Bkaguay'fe Way Ports. July
Jueen. .......... Skaguay ¦& Way Ports. July,
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
D oes I Q°/ Interest €p
\\JZ4fcy You ©
That is the savins in ice by using the
Alaska : Refrigerator!
Its construction .has nevar been equaled— the ALASKA will keep provisions
longer and USE LESS ICE than any otter : : refrigerator.
W. W. MONTAGUE S C0^
.. v . * Sales Agents, for Pacific Coast, San Francisco. " T?
UNITED STATES BRANCH. STATEMENT
STATEMENT — p^ the_
_o F the~ \ CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS -<- «»—
a jirw^ Hanover Fire
n.d vllCll ttUU INSURANCE COMPANY
'' "Br » H ST^t n p NE^ 7 YORK. In the State of New Yortc/
(S/a /*» 5^« Hj^^lA ''-'the 31st day of December, A. D. 13CO. and
IBB HsITB i f^ In It^BH *-* for the >' ear ending en that day. as made to
I f I I 1 B I Lj 9 B I IB tj the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
X! M »f Ul w*it Ml MM. V California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
INSURANCE COMPANY SSSi" per bUnk furnl3hed by the Com "
• . > CAPITAI* ' . •
OF- AIX-LA-CHAPELL.E, Germany, on the Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
31st day of December, A. D. 19C0, and for Cash. H. 000, 000 W
the year ending on tbat day. as made to the ASSETS =
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Call- R(fa , Estate owned hy Company..... W30.000 0»
fornla pursuant to the Provisions of Sections Lo ans on Bonds and Mortgages 3,300 00
610 and 611 cf the PoliUcal Code, condensed as Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
tier blank furnished by the Commissioner. ¦ Bonds owned by 'Company.'.: 2,231.578 75
• * Cash in Company's Office 53.97$ 74
ASSETS. Cash In Banks ;. ' 83.099 %1
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and and L^alis aCCrUed on a11 „ ,_,
Bonds owned by Company. J7G.527 50 in ter e S t due and accrued"o*n"Bonds • ' '
Cash ln Company's Office 40 OS and Mortgages 1451
Cash in Banks 75,345 66 Premiums in due Coarse of Collec-
interest "due and accrued on all
Stocks and roans 920 00 j-^g from-other Companies for re-
Premlums In due course of Collec- v - Insurance on losses already paid.... 8. 940 83
tlon .....'..........' 93.700 47 . ¦. ¦
Total Assets $3,105,505 70
v Total Asset, i 71 j MABIUTIEg . " =—
LIABILITIES. . Losses adjusted and unpaid. $132,867 84
Lo SSeS a^steda n d,npa,d J3.S4S 03 .^.^.^"^ 90.^62
Losses In process of Adjustment or Losses resisted, including expenses.. 19.347 20
In Suspense .'- 43.540 S3 Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 4.640 39 ning one year or leas. W.227.925 62;
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- .reinsurance SO per cent.™. 6^.963 81
uross preium •«« !*»«-. Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ninr cne year or less. $452,439 23; t ninjr mcx-e ¦ than one 'year, $1,292,-
re-insurance 50 per cent 241,219 62 134 76: relriX'rance pro rata......... 714.373 51
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- All • other Lla»r<ltles 31.362 «>
ISSSS^S^?^ ««« ¦ Total' L! ablllMes .
All other. liabilities 16.029 26 INCOME. "
_ , -, i vnu! «,-- ,„. „ Net cash actually received for yire
-.Total Liabilities tt37.glo oa premiums »..J1.720.597 it
¦ i-»T/i>Vii. - : Received for Interest on Bonds an>j
.INCOME. • Mortgage • 175 00
Net cash actually received for Fire - Received for Interest and dividends
premiums '• ..; $542,618 61 on Bonds. Stocks, Loana and from
Recelved-for Interest and dividends - _ all other <«ources 89,133 83
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from . Received for profit- on sale cf securt-
' all other sources... 1 23.552 24 ties 27.803 54
Received from all other sources...... 10,410 27 25.1S9 40
Total Income J576.579 12 ¦ Total Income..... ..H..JS2.923 OS
EXPENDITURES. i EXPENTJITXTRES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses Net amount paid_ for Fire Losses
¦7includins $61.375 29. losses of pre- . .. (including $199,867 78. losses of pre-
, iinna vp«rs> ;.. J236S53 17 vious years> $1.111.81J 74
Paid or atlowed for Commission or glti dendS ,?° stockholder...... 100.000 00
Tt«.k»rn.m . 10« 872 S7 P»ld ¦ or allowed for Commission or-
pfld fo? Saiaries. Fees^^ and other ' o^^™^ V, ••••••—•••••••- **>** »
Lo,»« fnr officers clerks etc 89 S2S 80 Pald for Salaries, Fees and other
AU other payments and expenditures 54,140 72 her payment', 'and' VMB "
Tqtal Expenditures .....:...„ $606,370 43 Total Expenditures ............. .'..n^WM
Losses Incurred. durln.? the year...... 8356.929 C9 Lo aaea incurred during the year.....«.17?0^'eO
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.' RI(jk8 and j^^^^ 5^ Rlsks . premnjms.
Net. amount of Risks : .. > . Net amount of Risks -'>."-
written during, the _ _ _ ._ _ during the
- year $59,521,883 $766,359 55 ye-Jr ................. J223 988 190 $2,340.83653
Net amount, of^Risks- ¦ Net^mount of Rliks T^
I expired during the „ "^tua • x P |red du r ln « the ¦
................... 49,61S,42o 632.514 53 year • _ 192.0S3.SCS 2.042.33* 60
Net amount in force < - vot amnun^ in rnroo
December. 31. 1900 ¦ ¦ 54.878.215 713.262 99 e l^TSl.i3()0°!^. 251.501.175 2.S79.96O 33
SAM R.' WEED (of Weed & Kennedy). "^ ~ CHA3. A. SHAW. President
IJanager. . . joa McCORD.. Secretary.
. Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st Subscribed and tworn to before me. this 26th
day of January. 190L , K. FISHBECK. day of January. 1901.'. -
' . . .. ' Notary Public, I - ; . WM. BATES. Notary Public
CESAR B ERTTH E AU - - Pacific Coast Manager,
ALFRED R. GRIM, 'Assistant Manager.
i MARTIN RASCHEH and GUS MfSS!N6£R, Managers City Department.
Office— 423 CALIFORNIA STREET,
' > ~l- SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Twenty -Third i emi-Annual Statement
— -OF. THE - .
Mutual Savings Bank
OF SAN FRANCISCO,
No. 33 Post Street.
Capital £to:k- Subscribed - - - - . $1,000,000
Of which has bsen paid in Sold Coll - 300,000
Statement of the condition and value of the
Assets and Liabilities of the MUTUAL SAV-
INGS BANK of San Francisco, a corporation
doing business at 33 Post street. City of San
Francisco. State '• of California, and where
said assets were situated on June 30th, 1901.
" ' • ¦ ' ASSETS. - . ¦¦' ,.
Bank premises......... -..'. ....'....$ 281,346 00
Real estate taken for debt :.: .. 68,760 75
United States bonds .'........... . 739,626 53
(These bonds are owned- and ".;•
¦ controlled by ' this corporation,
j and are" kept in, the vaults df the : \
I National Bank of Commerce in
New York City, and the' safa •
C deposit vaults of the ' First Na-
tional. Bank of San Francisco.) . •' . V -
Miscellaneous bonds..:.....,.........., 1,342,325 35
Promissory . notes secured' by first
-mortgage on real estate within .'
''. this -State, Portland, Or., and-- -
;¦"¦ Spokane, Wash. The actual value " - ¦':
- of said promissory notes is 2,613,473 43
Bonds and shares of .capital stock of
: corporation >. upon which thle cor- ,;
- poration has advanced 119.9C6.00
¦ (All ; said ¦ promissory . notes,
bonds 1 and ' stock certificates * are .
kept ln the . vaults of this cor-
poration and in -safe deposit ' ; ' 'J
:.' boxes in the 1 deposit- vault de- • I I !" ¦' •¦'
< 1 partment • of the First National ' I ' .
.Bank of San Francisco.) ¦ . -
Cash ln gold. , silver and currency,. -¦' ' ;
.. the actual value of which is: .
In vault...;.'......,. .$37,709 92 :
In banks...; 267,591 47 805.301 S3
\ .." Total assets ....:........!. .....$5,470,799 47
''¦••". ¦¦¦-,-. LIABILITIES. ~"
To depositors this ; corporation owes ' . ' ,
: deposits '• amounting • to ' and the •
I actual cash value of which is. $5,036,517 .49
To stockholders! the amount of cap-
¦ Ital -paid In,', the actual value of
-which is.. •.....;......... .......:..'.....- 800,00000
Surplus' ..:.,........ 100,000 00
(The ¦ condition of said liabil- ' . 1
Hy to stockholders ' is that' no '
part of the amount can be paid •
to "them, or in; any way with- >
drawn. ' except in payment of '
losses -during the , existence of . .'-_:. 1 ¦ >
the ¦ porporation, nor - until.-- de-, -., ' J , .
V.positors shall have been paid In ''.1
full the amount of their deposits i '"' ',
. ; and declared dividends.) • ' .' '
Contingent fund, . exclusive . of ao- ,
" crued ,but •. uncollected Interest on
:, Investments*.. ...:.............;..;.., : 84,281 9S
"[¦•. Total Jiabillties. ....... ..:.....^.... $5,470,799 47
MUTUAL; SAVIH83 BANK 07 8AN TRAHCISCO
By JAMES D. PHELAN.' President/ -
' ' - ..' GEO. A. STORY, Cashier. ¦
State of California, City and County ' of . San
'. .Francisco — ss:-. c ¦' . • ¦• ,' ¦, - , , . ' ' •• .V ¦•,.
! "We " do solemnly • swear that we have (and
each : of us ; has) . a >. personal knowledge | of | the
matters contained in the foregoing report, and
that every allegation, > statement, . matter , and
thing therein contained, is true, , to r the best of
our knowledge and belief. - ¦¦ ' ¦-¦ ; ¦ :•
¦ : ' r JAMES D." PHELAN, President. C
¦ : ,. ,; . . GEO.% A. : STORY. Secretary.',
¦¦- Subscribed .and sworn, to? before "me this 1st
day of July, J 1901.; • R. D. ¦; McELROY, —
Notary Public In' and for the City and County
«, of- San Francisco, -State of .California:?- -¦•-¦;,-
_'-"'' '.-¦-'-:" - ..' ' '¦'..¦ ADVESTISEMENTS. . .^ .
PR; WELLS^a PE-RiJ-NA^
She Says: "Your Wonderful' Msdicine Has Saved My
Daughter From the Grave/'.
I f' ""¦""." ""*"*" " * 1 trafed her. All the consultations
- and advices ' of brother physicians
*g^lllllis||||v|^v ! had done no gocd until your Peruna
mb^S^^^^^^^^^Q^^V * [', "She can now eat heartily of solid foods
W I —she had been, not living:, but dying on
I 7 •^Sg^^^':£gls^v I liquids; sleeps grood; was troubled with
? / »!^---~=^^^^^- yi '/^^^&V 1 inscmnla; menstruation, easy and com-
t / -**^ "^Ss^SsisStf i 1 /^^^«\ ! fortable; had suffered from dysmenor-
k. -^^yw J 1'/s)^^^^^\ I rhea nd ovaritis. She is now on the
7 V £%)IiKifdfiis&SaJ®? I "* thld letter could reach the whole
/ ""•¦¦- ' WT. II$p3%mJB3B95&XQ<. I world for the sake of brother physicians.
t Qia^fe C^ ld*^m$BtJ£3!~*^£- ¦¦ t^e'r patients and the discouraged class
TbjJ-vf'f /I /jw2&f£$%MK£i$§k " "With all my heart I thank you. Your
,.¦¦'¦ . is*. * • • /- IJ'jffflmBK&fffWtbfi&^f ' ' -wonderful medicine haa saved my daugh-
jfiwp" - /^~Y Ycai26tiS&ilB£&i5cr$^ ' ter *rom the gra.ve. 1 am prescribing It
./TuSks^--./'' \V 'vJ^aSSBSBKBS^S~' " right along for my patients, and find that
t/i£p5^§\ naHS^^^^^^*- ? il- soon beg^ n3 t0 glve "lief."—Anna
''/P^^^C \!i)^^^^^^^^^' Dr. 'Wells'' daughter,- Ethelyn LeaUe
I ¦ . Anna .Wdli,M.-,D. '¦¦ '*£* °J h^onM:::
'' " "" T? " 11 1 (ij ha^ used\0JFlj&%fJ>k:
Anna ' "Well3, M. D.,'.writes from the Parana, fornerva "^*^^at I 'S* ,,
Park Gate Hotel. Chicago. DL, the fol- ° km,.m4!nm- mm j Ethelyn I* Huston.
I lowing letter to Dr. Hartman concerning exhaustion ana.j . \ ;
his world famous remedy, Peruna: lack of appetite. •••••• ••••••••¦
—I thank you most heartily for the I'find it invaluable."— Ethefyn-Les»,
sample bottle of Peruna. I prescribed It .. u . . J
for my daughter (Miss E. L. Huston). "e Huston.
who sadly needed It, as It had proved. K you do not derive prompt and satl»«>
I was utterly hopeless and discour- SS^.t'^S'tJlg. SL2SL°. f $S2£\-
aged.;- Nothing we gave her would J?^^^ SS
give her an appetite. A nervous vice gratis.
.i-.t na *a ;,,~j *\~~ „-„-» »i« »»«- Address Dr. Hartman, President of.Tha
ShOCK received two years ago pros- Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.' \ Stop Diarrhae and Stomach Cramps/ Dp.'
Slesert's . Genuine i Imported Angostura Bitters.*
-*Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigorator.
Best Liver. Medicine, VegetableCure for Liver Ills',
Biliousness.""; Indigestion; Constipation, Malaria.
Fourth of /July, rates to ¦' Stockton, Fresno,
Visal la. Hanf ord, Bakersfleld and ' all points on
the Santa Fe Valley line.".;. Tickets on sale July
3 and -.4 at { 6tt ] Market - st. *> and ¦ Ferry Ticket
ornce.--::- :.:¦¦:.. r'-V.. ¦ ¦: ¦-'.¦¦ -^--' •¦''-..-;>
7 When- it : comes to taking, high degrees,- the ther
mometer in theEast seems to'eclipse anything known
atfthe- universities.' ; - : : ' '• : .*:
<"-'.;'. ,-¦-¦¦ ¦ --':'• : ..-. k -¦ " : ¦ - ; — .
The Boers seem 'determined to continue "the '. war
long enough to have a fight at or near every" village
or .hamlet of the country, so as to entitle each to ¦¦ a
place on the > map, and^a record in history.,. By'.the
time'.the thing is over persons who are; following ;ihe
war; with ;. care will know . more about the Transvaal
than about their, own ' States. ; - ¦'
'The • Santa ' Fe to Merced and ¦ stage thence
via • Merced • Falls,'.. Coultervllle, ftazel J Green,
Merced, Big' Trees. Cascade ' Falls "and } Bridal
Veil Falls j to" Sentinel Hotel. This : gets ; you in
at 5 In ¦- the afternoon. : which i«' ahead of any
other line and costs you lesj.' Ask at 841 Mar
ket' street for .particulars." .. :. •-
Quickest Way to Yosemite.
It is announced that the crown colony, Jamaica, is
asking that several thousand of these honorable and
hardy men be sent there. For what purpose?. Is it
to put them at labor as servile persons? The climate
of Jamaica is deadly to these men from the veldt* in
the temperate zone. The very proposition is sinister
and disquieting, 'and ' the . act itself will ' become', in
famous in history if it be carried out. The world: is
"getting sensitive over the^ South African war any
way. The burning of General Dewet's farmstead and
driving* his wife and children forth like hunted, beasts
is not an act of war but of. wantonness/ savoring !of
IS it assumed that England has the right under the
laws of war to deport, exile or .permanently re
strain Boer soldiers taken in .warfare?' If this is
assumed, we think the authority for, it under any ar
ticles of war, or public law, should be made plain.
THE BOER PRISONERS.
Official Route Christian Endeavorers
/ to Cincinnati, Ohio. .
' " The ' Burlington ' Route via Denver has ' been
selected as the official route. Through Pullman
Tourist Sleeping Cars to Cincinnati will leave
San Francisco July -1 at 6 p.' m. Tickets on
sale June v 30 to July 1:- rate, -$76 E0 for round
trip. July 1-2 we wiH sell round-trip ¦ tickets
to Detroit .at' $S2 25; ; July 3-4 to Buffalo $S7;
July .20-21 to Chicago $72 50. For sleeping car
berths call on or address ,W. D. ¦ Sanborn, ¦ Gen
eral Agent," 631 Market street.
The New England Free Trade League announces
that it, has; received "a large increase of membership
during the months of May' and June,. and it ! is there
fore evident the silly season this year is about as in
tense as ever. ...
It is noted that bank failures this year cause, no
panic The people know that while there* may be
something wrong 'with a bank here and there, the
country is all right
By way of putting a stop to lynching- the Alabama
constitutional convention has accepted a provision by
which any Sheriff who gives up a prisoner to a mob
is to be suspended from office and subject to im
peachment That is another evidence that the best
men in the South as well as elsewhere are opposed
to lynching and arc doing what they can to prevent it
k The resolve of the Democrats of Kansas not to fuse
with the Populists in another campaign may be takejt*
as sure proof that Democracy in that State has come
to the conclusion there are not enough Populist
voters left to make it worth while to give them "any
nominees on the party ticket.
- Mr. Vanderlip, formerly an assistant Secretary of
the Treasury, who has just returned from Europe, is
quoted as saying: "I think it not only possible but
highly probable that Europe will agree to binding
terms of trade combination against us within the next
few years, and that the result will be the most gigantic
and stubborn commercial war in the history oi the
world." The prospect is not a pleasant one to face,
but if the struggle come we can stand it better than
Europe. ' .^ >T-.
Apropos of Rear Admiral Sampsqn's
letter, opposing the promotion of enlisted
men to commissioned offices on the score
of their lack of "social qualifications,"
the Boston ; Globe relates an interesting
incident." Soon after the close of the war
"a dinner was given in honor of .AdmTfat-
Sampson' by a Cambridge gentleman dis>
tinguished In the woild of letters. One of
the guests when Introduced to the admiral
remarked:- 'I had the honor-of .serving
under you before Santiago, sir.' Admiral
Sampson looked puzzled for a moment
and'then remarked: "I-thought I knew all
the officers in the fleet; may I ask on
! what ship you were?' 'I was a seaman on
the Prairie, sir,' was the reply." The ex
seaman guest was a college professor !—
Utica Press.
A Hard One for Sampson.
Calif ornians in ¦Washington.
WASHINGTON, July 1.— The. following
Callforniahs arrived here to-day and are
registered at the Raleigh: John M. Beall,
W. ¦ B. j Hinchman of San Francisco, and
M. Neskey and.M. W. Brady of Los An
geles. i^-iVV ;— \i- ¦' . . . .
.Burning, at the stake began in Texas, and had oc
curred in nearly every Southern ' State before it ap
peared in Colorado and Kansas* Lynching, by v rope
and shooting,. has. prevailed on the frontier and
throughout the West, arid no one who is regardful
of the;good name of the country excuses it. We
have deprecated it in California and in. Georgia. .That
the crime grows on what it feeds upon is shown by
the progressive cruelty of .the .processes em
ployed. Where hanging once , served, burning
is now used. We expect that this will soon
give place to the more savage plan of drawing the
¦victim asunder "by horses hitched to his arms and
legs. Our hot-blooded critic has no word of rebuke
or deprecation of these outbreaks of barbarous fury
in the section Avhich he defends against what he thinks
to be our' partisan prejudice. We make no rejoinder
because we have any respect for his opinion, as the
opinions of men who hide their names behind an
alias arejnot respectable, but only to say. once for all
that lynching is a crime and that burning to death is
barbarous, whether it occur North or Southi
The only reason why one may say that-there is
more barbarism in the South is because more ne
groes are roasted, there. Burning at tHe' stake is /a
peculiarly barbarous proceeding. If people will' hot
let the law as it is take its course', nor amend it to
make the punishment fit the crime, there are less bar
barous ways to kill men accused of crime.
We have always believed that such a- crime is evi
dence of barbarism wherever perpetrated, in Kansas,
Colorado or South Carolina.
U A SOUTHERNER" writes to ' the Placer
/\ County Representative something about the
¦*- ' *- "dirty, narrow partisanship" and sectional
"spleen" of The Call, in resentment of an allusion to
the burning to death of negroes in the South as [evi
dence of barbarism in that section. V
LYNCHING NOT SECTIONAL.
The big harvests in Nebraska and Kansas are said
to have settled the tramp problem for a while, for
there is- now so much work to be done that all the
tramps have left that section of the country and the
farmers cannot find one on the roads, f
It is with those questions the Republicans of Ohio
challenge their antagonists. :It is to be seen whether
the Democrats will answer or evade them... It is an
off-year :n politics, and even this contest in Ohio is
not likely to be exciting, but as it is to be fought upon
national issues it may serve to show to what extent
the conservative forces of the people remain. united in
support of the administration, and how far the virtual
retirement of Bryan will be followed by a return of the
Gold Democrats to their former standards.
Referring to the opposition, the Senator said:
"What has the Democratic party done that entitles it
to a new hearing in the people's court? Has it turned
a new leaf? Has it abjured free trade? Has it fore
saken free silver? Has it cast out Populism? Has it
followed Aguinaldo's advice and taken the oath of
allegiance? Has it denied any article of its platform?
Not _one. Its official declaration of principles re
mains identically the same bundle of" un-American
fallacies that the people condemned last year and years
before. If it has done nothing, what, then, does it
propose to do? Can any man tell? Does a|ny Demo
crat know?"
Senator Foraker pointed out to the convention that
the country has been placed upon a sound industrial
basis by a protective tariff, and upon a sound
financial basis by the adoption of the policy
of sound money. Prosperity has resulted, and
we now hold that foremost place among the
nations. It cannot be denied by any one that these
things have been accomplished by the Republican
party, nor that the party will maintain the policies
which have brought confidence and opportunities for
labor and capital alike.
OHIO is to afford the people of the country an
opportunity for learning how her voters stand
on national questions. It seems there is to be but
little in the way. of local issues during the State cam
paign which was virtually opened by the recent Re
publican convention. The speeches made by the lead
ers dealt almost exclusively with national affairs, and
it is evident the party intends to ask of the people a
vote of confidence in the Republican administration.
THE OHIO CAMPAIGN.
De; .Voe, in Market Assistant, says:
"Oysters are : In i season almost \ the year
through except when spawning; then they
are ;• milky, .watery. . poor and ; considered
unfit and ; unwholesome. "¦ The : months /are
May ,-June, July and Auw± " /
-./William Harrison, chronologer and > his
torian," 1534-1593, wrote: "Alblet our olsters
are » generallle • forborne in the foure hot
months of the year, 'that Is to sale, Male.
June,' Julie and August, which are void of
the letter R. Yet in some plaices they are
contlnuallie eaten. ; when they are kept in
pits, as I have knowen by experience." '/
Which may bo rendered: "Lapsing the R
less months, you may oysters freely eat."
. THE OTSTER-N. S.. City. This de
partment has examined a great number of
books that treat of the oyster, but has not
been able t« discover any mention that
oysters -are. poisonous during the months
of ihe year that are minus the letter R.
The fact that oysters ought not be eaten
in those months has been traced back to
the early Romans, who had the following:
Mensllus errutis .
' Vos os>trea Manducatls,
. STRAW HATS-X., San Mateo, Cal. The
f jllowing is given ; as a means to clean
straw hats or bonnets: "First brush with
soap, and water, then with a solution of
oxalic acid." If it Is desired to bleach
the hats or bonnets after having been
cleaned the following is given as a
method: "<2et a, deep box, " air-tight if
possible; place at the bottom a stone, on
the stone a flat piece of iron red hot or a
pan of lighted charcoal, on which scatter
powdered brimstone, ' then put on the lid,
to which the hats or bonnets have been
suspended from a hook. Let them remain
In. tin box over night."
JUMPING— O. B.,, City. The record for
a running broad jump is 24 feet TV*. Inches,
Myer Prlnstein (amateur), N Philadelphia,
April 28, 1900. Standing long jump with
22-pdund weights 14 feet 5% inches, G. W.
Hamilton, Romeo, Mich., October 3, 1879;
without • weights 12 feet 9% inches, L.
Heling (amateur), Brooklyn, November
20, 1884. Running high jump, no weights,
6 feet 5% inches, M. M. Sweeney (ama
teur), Manhattan fields, New York City,
September 21, 1S95. -
TO FORT ROSS— Prospective Camper,
City. In an air line Fort Ross, in Sonoma
County, is about twenty-five miles from
Meekers Camp. The most feasible road
for a walking tourist to take to reach the
fort from the camp is to take the train
to Cazadero, sixteen miles, and then walk
eleven miles from that point by the road
that leads to the coast.
TOMATO VINES-C. «R., Mets. CaL
.There are . a number of causes for the
blight of the tomato vine, the principal
ones being a lack of sunny exposure and
the'. quality of soil. The, soil, while not
too rich, should be treated to a mulching
of manure In order -to Insure a good
growth. - ¦;-
COTTON MILLS-H. W., Manka. Cal.
Until the figures-are furnished by the cen
sus bureau, based upon the statistics col
lected in 1S00, It will be impossible to give
the Information desired as to the number
of cotton mills In the various states of
the Union at this Ume.'i>»,f'
A BATTED BALL— Sub, City. Baseball
players declare that as a rule a ball batted
fair and square with the end of the bat
will go further than when batted from the
center of the bat. I
"UNDER TWO FLAGS"— H. B., Car
ters, Cal. v "Under Two Flags," a novel,
was written by L. 'de la Ramee.
NOT CLEAR ENOUGH-O. B., City.
Tour question about distribution of prizes
is not sufficiently clear to admit of an
answer. . . •
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Let each one, then, exercise more than ordinary care
during' the days that will be majked by the general
'explosion of firecrackers. In addition to watching
their own property parents should see to it that their
children do not endanger the property of others.
k With proper care we can pass the celebration without
any fire losses, but if we are careless we may have to
pay dearly for it
We have an excellent Fire Department, and the
officers of the city may be expected to be vigilant and
careful throughout the celebration, but all should not
be left to them. Every property-owner and house
bolder should exercise supervision over his own prem
ises with more care than usual. If that be done the
danger will be slight, for such fires as might be
started by a match or by the burning paper of an ex
ploded cracker could be easily extinguished if seen in
time. Hardly anything more -is needed than watch
fulness, and that should be increased in proportion as
the danger is increased. • * V
Every Fourth of July is marked by a notable list of
fires in various parts of the country. They constitute
t very considerable part of the news of the following
day. In every one of those fires there was the pos
sibility of> some conflagration like that which swept
the business center of Portland, or that which but re
cently well nigh destroyed Jacksonville. The fact that
San Francisco has never been exposed to such a con
flagration is no assurance that the exposure may not
occur at any time.
T-^ ROM now until after the last blaze of celebration
|H of the Glorious Fourth has died away it be
-*¦ ' hooves all citizens to be more than usually care
" ful against danger from fire. San Francisco has never
raftered a disastrous conflagration such as has be
fallen so many other American cities, and it is to be
hoped she never will; but none the less there is al
ways a menace of some calamity at every return of the
national holiday with its license to all classes of peo
ple, young or old, to make well nigh unrestrained use
of fireworks of all kinds from a firecracker up.
FIRECRACKER TIME.
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
* • Pen Carbon Letter-Books.
Keep a copy of all letters. No press, no
•water, no brush, no work. Any Ink, any
pen, any paper. "We are selling agents
for the complete line. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
It is estimated that the average cost of
crime through taxation in this country la
not less than $3 50 per capita of the en
tire city population ,
The shirt waist man appears to have arrived every
where in the East. The garment has been worn by
preachers in the pulpit and Judges on the bench, and
recently a man in a shirt waist was received- at the
White House. The thing is settled— this is to be a
shirt waist century. I
Prince and Princess Hatzfeld, who are
at present at Sacramento, leave for New
York to-morrow.
: Thomas A. Graham, . division freight
and passenger agent of the Southern Pa
cific at San Jose, Is spending a few days
in the city on business.
John S. /Wilbur, the mining engineer, is
registered at the Palace, from Cisco, near
which place, he Is developing some quartz
properties for San Francisco capitalists.;
PERSONAL MENTION.
R. B. Canfield, a Santa Barbara attor
ney, is at the Palace.
Frank Lyman, a prominent Fresno at
torney, Is at the Grand. ' . , .
The Rev. H.'H. Hamilton of Quebec is
a guest at the Occidental. ,_ '
A. 'Brown, a member of the State Board
of Equalization, is at the L»lck. ;
• L. Wilbergf, a well known Seattle cap
italist, is a guest at the Grand.
John R. Johnstone, a prominent orange
grower of Riverside, is at the Palace.
Robert Effev ex-Mayor and prominent
citizen of Santa Cruz, Is at the Palace. _
George E. Goodman, the well known
banker,' of Napa, is staying at. the Palace.
G. W. Harvey, an extensive fruit grower
of Marysville, Is spending a few days at
the Grand.
S. N. Griffith, an oil man and well
known attorney of Fresno, Is staying. at
the California. . -
Constitution is put together with little less cunning than an
egg. If an egg is held accurately end to end a strong man may
strive in vain to break it. The principle of the Herreshoff
boat Is the same in construction. The hull is a self-sustaining
whole, so fragile that one might pierce it -with a walking stick
by a wisely applied blow, yet so strong in its entirety that ton3
of waves may assault it and avail nothing.
Engineering skill is perhaps in no wise better exemplified
than in the building of Constitution. It may be accurately
stated that she is as strong as steel, for the secret of her al
most incomprehensible strength lies in the fact that she is
constructed of steel. ' Most Important, however, is the fact
that lightness, making possible the greatest buoyancy, has
been the aim. of her designer arid builder.
To attain -this every ounce of unnecessary weight has been
eliminated. Frames, joints, plates, braces, : belts, in fact every
component In the body of Constitution has been wrought of
materials which singly would be highly destructible, but when
joined according 'to the cunning of the builder's craft combine
a structure which is a bulwark of strength. '
. As an illustration of the unity of strength of the yacht,
her builders say that an ounce of pressure on her sails is felt
in every part of the yacht^and every part bears its "burden
of the strain. Thus, in a heavy gale, when her sails are taut as
boards and an enormous amount of force must be resisted, the
gallant little craft In her thousand and. one parts fights all for
one and one for all.
Constitution's frame is • an - Innovation " In yacht building.
The thickness of each frame is about 6-40 .of an inch* The fram
ing is run throughout the body in both directions instead of
GREAT -STBENGTH OP THE HULL
CONSTITUTION, the America's cup defender, is an egg
shell boat, says the New York .World. In comparison
with an egg: -her shell is equally thin, but this shell Is
so constructed that it can withstand tons of "pressure,
y. blows of many horsepower, a, strain on her sail area
which a landsman might well think would crush her instantly,
j The thickness of Constitution's hull Is little more than a
fifth of an Inch. Her frames ' are the strongest part of her
make-up. Yet each frame is less than a fifth of an inch thick.
Constitution is ten times stronger than a section of the ele
vated railroad structure. She. is able to bear the. same burden
on a frame which, is but one-tenth the weight of the "L" con
struction. Ten trains could pass on a structure no heavier
than is Constitution's hull, yet with the same security that
they rumble over the thick iron pillars of the "L."
"What salary are you getting, old boy?"
"Tou have a brutal and discourteous
way of putting it. I will tell you the sal
ary I am promised, but wild horses can't
drag from me the amount I am getting."
— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"Was your club .paper troublesome,
Dorothy?" /v;:.^
"Oh. horrible! I ransacked eleven books
and ate three pounds of chocolate cara
mels while I was getting It up."— Detroit
Free Press.
Jack— I just saw your wife, old man:
she was simply stunning. By the way,
you're looking rather miserable yourself!
What's up?
Tom— Don't get enough norishment.
that's all. Tou see. I arranged with my
wife the first of the yejr to give her a
certain amount each week, out of which
she was to pay household expenses and
buy her clothes.— Philadelphia Press.
"And don't you believe In sharing' wttlx
another, Ostend?"
"No, ma'am! Lastr time I. gave baby
brother half of my Jelly cake I had to
give half ¦ of the ironey In my bank to
pay the doctor's bm." — Chicago News.
a pair of trousers for my nnsband.
Clerk— "What size, madam?
Lady— I don't know the sire, but be
¦wears a fifteen collar.— The Smart Set.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Lady (to clerk in clothing store)— I want
The plates which cover Constitution's framework are of
bronze to- just above the water line, where composition steel
plating extends to the decks. The thickness of these bronze
plates is from six to eight thirty-seconds of an inch.
Constitution is built with, ability to encounter wtthont In
jury furious blows which are given a boat in a heavy seaway.
Strain may be removed for an instant from the yacht's hull,
to be followed a moment later by the crushing Impact of a
roller. The Herreshoff yacht rides the waves in absolute Indif
ference to these dangers. Her steel hull la depended on to re
tain its model unchanged by so much as a fractional inch by
the buffeting of the waves.
Could an onlooker have viewed, Constitution before her
plates were riveted on he would have seen the model of the
boat outlined In a mass of steel frames and braces. He -would
also have noticed that narrow bands of steel run lengthwise
of the yacht, reinforcing the belt framing. From the deck
frames to the frames below the water line braces are riveted.
One of Constitution's frames looks not unlike a bridge girder.
Their greater lightness, however, ends the comparison.
SECRET OP FRAME'S GREAT RESISTANCE.
The secret of their great resistance lies in the manner of
placing and bracing.
The matter of keel Is one -which gave the builders much
concern. It is an axiom of ship builders that the more lead a
boat can carry with a given water line the more sail she can
carry. Constitution approaches as near the attainable in this
respect as any yacht ever constructed. Lead plates of a total
weight of nearly 100 tons are attached to Constitution's keel.
This lead. represents about three-fourths of the total weight
of the yacht Every pound that could be taken from sails,
rigging, blocks, | etc, has been placed in the keel, producing 1
the lightest attainable shelL So it is finally thfti shell, which
has been lightened In every possible manner, which must bear
the strain of many horsepower of wind.
To landsmen it Is not generally known that Constitution,
In common with other yachts of her general construction. Is
non-capsizable. The center of - gravity made possible by the
tons of lead In her keel Is in such relation to th» center of
effort cf her sails that it .would be impossible for Constitution
to "turn turtle." >
DEFENDER "WILL NOT "TTJBN TURTLE."
longitudinally alone, as in the construction of Independence.
This serves to take up a large part of the longitudinal strains,
-which formerly fell to considerable degree upon the plating,
and so the weight of the plating Is materially lessened.
FRAGILE SKIN OF STEEL OF CUP DEFENDER IS SO DELICATE THAT A PISTOL BALL WOULD PIERCE IT,
YET IT: IS SO INGENIOUSLY BRACED THAT IT WILL WITHSTAND A PRESSURB REPRESENTED IN THE
¦WEIGHT OF TEN TRAINS. ''.- '-'. '••,% '¦"*':'•
Taking the reports from Jerusalem in connection
with those of the convention at Philadelphia, it will
be seen there are good reasons for the hopes of those
ardent Zionists who are striving to once more estab
lish in Palestine an independent Jewish state.
. The country back <5f Jerusalem is no^ longer the
desolation it was for many a century. The Post cor
respondent in writing of it says': "One commission
house .has bought a $350 windmill • from an Illinois
firm and will erect it on the Bakaa plain. This firm
is confident there is to be an. important market for
windmills in Palestine and Syria, and for irrigation
machinery of all sorts. Rich foreigners are figuring
to secure control of some of- the once fertile valleys of
the country, and should they succeed there will be an
attempt to make them again a land flowing with milk
Of course, anything like a wholesale emigration of
Jews to Palestine is not to be expected. Among the
nations of Western Europe and in America the Jews
have long since become established as a part of the'
population, having the same rights and the same
duties of citizenship, and comparatively few of such
well established families will leave .their homes. A
large migration back to the old land may be expected,
however, from among young Jews looking for a place
to settle and from among emigrants from Russia and
Southeastern Europe. •;
When the various railways, projected through Asia
Minor eastward toward India have been completed
and connected with, the Russian lines in Central" Asia
there will be no physical reason why Palestine might
not recover its -old 'position of. vantage as a central
point on the great j route for trade between Asia and
the countries bordering on Mediterranean. Even
at the present time there is a good deal of trade activ
ity in and around Jerusalem. A correspondent of the
New York. Post, who is now traveling in that country,
says: "An American salesman recently went to Jeru
salem and Beirut and in one day sold merchandise of
an up-tQ-date type to the amount of $3800. * Commis
sion houses for the handling of American goods have
been opened. in every city and town of importance in
Palestine and Syria, and in many instances are con
ducted by wide-awake American business men." He
goes on to say that in Jerusalem there are electric
lights, telephones, phonographs^; sanitary plumbing,
modern stores and most of the comforts of civilized
The reoccupatiori of Palestine has been a dream
among certain types of the Jewish face for a long time.
In the past it has been a dream only, for the conditions
of Palestine in relation to the rest of the world: were
not of a nature to attract any Jew. back to the old land
unless he were willing to make himself a martyr to
an idea. In. later years, however, the conditions of
that part of the world have materially changed, and
the possibilities of Palestine are now of a character to
attract men of energy and business sagacity. •- \j
THE REDEMPTION OP, -PALESTINE;
EASTERN, reports giving an account of the re
cent Zionist convention at Philadelphia state
that "the progress of the movement \ for Jewish ¦
colonization in Palestine, and the re-establishment of
that country as an independent Jewish state, has been
more notable during the past year than e*yer .before.
Many new societies in this country and in (Western
Europe have been organized to promote the plan, and
there has been established a "Jewish Colonial Bank"
to finance it. -v '* ... A '¦'
. Bryan is said to Have drawn big audiences at Buf
falo and other cities 'in New York, but it will be
noted, that the presses not giving '"attention to his
speeches: ; He may still shine ; as a lecturer, but as a
politician his light is dim* v' ' ;
TEN HEAVY TRAINS COULD BE
CARRIED BY CONSTITUTION'S BODY
uns'oldierly revenge. : The concentrating of Bper
women and children in noisome camps, where they are
underfedand herded like, animals, is ? no'"! credit . to
Great Britain. Jt is worse ;than a discredit,; and the
awful mortality among I these . jion-combatants . is
"making it murder. - Public sentiment in this -country
tolerated the Spanish- war because of the same'treat
ment of non-combatants iii Cuba. ' ThV English
ple , will not submit to the staining of fheir good name
byv such a." policy, carried .out by their; Government. ¦;
It is gratifying that the Interior Department pur
poses to enter upon the work of conserving the for
ests of the national domain, and of reforesting areas
that are now bare. The influence of the national Gov
ernment will have its effect upon the States and in
the end a thoroughly satisfactory forestry system may
be adopted in every part of the Union.
While all sections of our own country show the evil
results of forest destruction, various European coun
tries reveal the benefits of forest preservation and cul
tivation. The great forests of Germany, France, Nor
way and Sweden are conducted in such a way as to
yield a considerable profit, while at the same time
being preserved for the benefit of future generations.
Ernest Bruncken, who was for some time secretary
of a forestry commission in Wisconsin, and who has
made a thorough study of the forestry of the country,
has pointed out the extent to. which the great pine
woods have been swept from the lake States. Twenty
years ago the Michigan forests were so large that
Saginaw was the center oil the greatest lumber indus
try in the world, but to-day lumbering on a large scale
in that State is virtually at an end. Wisconsin and
Minnesota will soon be as bare, as Michigan. Mr.
Bruncken says: "There are now in Michigan and
Wisconsin many places that .were thriving villages
and little cities fifteen years ago which are almost de
serted, with the houses falling into ruin. The /pine
lumber of the neighboihood|has all been cut, the saw
mills shut down and with it prosperity has disap-<
peared. What is true of the white pine wiH soon be
true of the Southern long-leaved pine, which is taking
its' place; probably the extreme limit for supplying
the market with original Southern pine on a large
scale is fifty years." •
On the Pacific Coast the waste has been fully as
destructive as in the East and the South, if not even
more destructive. The waste here has been due large-
Jy to the frequent forest fires that occur during our
long dry summers, and the annual losses resulting
from them constitute one of the heaviest drains upon
the profits of our industry.
New evidences of the need of -a comprehensive sys
tem t of forest preservation and. for the replanting, of
forests are furnished at frequent intervals in the news
reports from different parts of the country." The Call
has repeatedly directed attention to them. Recently
the Buffalo Express noted that the last group of pine
trees, remnants of a forest that once covered Alle
gany County; have been sold and are to be cut down.
A similar story comes from the South. The Charles
ton News and Courier in commenting upon the de
struction of the pine forests the Southern States
recently stated that unless something be done to check
the waste there will not be a pine tree left in the South
within another generation. - %
£> ECRETARY HITCHCOCK is reported to have
'•^^''; 'stated that he is. preparing. to organize a Bureau
V<-of Fprestry in. the Department of the Interior to
carry out an extensive system of reforestation upon
plans similar, to .those' employed witlr good ¦ results in
Germany. The Secretary is said to have added that
while he. has not yet arranged the details of the under
taking the President and the Cabinet are satisfied with
the; practicability of the scheme and regard it with
favor.- ¦¦ •' '';"¦_. ; 'rf.r-'i ' -
A BUREAU OF FORESTRY.
THE SAK FRA^JSTGISGO GALL, TUESDAY, OTUXiY 2, ' 1901.
TUESDAY;... ............; Y...JULY2, ipoi^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor/
Ulitn ill CoBmuititiesi U W. 8. LEASE, Kutger.
MAJfAGER'a OFFICE Telephone Freii 204
PCBLICJLTIOJST OFFICE... Market ud Talrd, S. F.
Telephone' Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 21T to^22% SteTenton St.
Telephone Preu 2O2. , •;¦¦'•¦.-':
, Delivered by Carriers, IB Cents Per Week.
Slnsrle Copies, B Cents.
Term* by Mail, Inclndlnx Poataaret • I
DAILT CAI^b* (Including Sunday), one year /.f«.00
DAILY CALL (lndudine Sunday), € months. J.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 2 months —...„ 1.50 '
OAILT CALX*— By Single Month _ 6So
6UNI>AT CALU One Tear „ I... 1.60
(WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Earnple copies will Tie forwarded when requested.
Mali subscribers In ordering; change of address ihoald be
PSJtlcnlsjr to clve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS* In order
to Incur* a, prompt and correct compliance with their 'request.
OAKLAND OFFICE i . . .1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE ICROGXESS.
Kiatfer Tertian Advertising. Kir^aette Building. CMe*gt.
(Lonr Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX Herald Savare
SEW TORK HEPRESEXTATTVTE:
1TEPHE3T B. SMITH.. 30 Tribune Building:
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: \i
TTaldorf •Astoria, Eotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murray HIU Hotel. - ...< ;
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASmXGTOX'(D. C.) OFFICE. . .14OG G St., IT. W.
MORTON E. CR AXE, Correspondent.
BRAACH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
9:39 o'clock. 19tl Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock, K-96 Valencia, open
tmtn > o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, • open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
6
•••••••••••••••••••ft**
0 41
I ;',; Celebrate |
I The 4-frhJ
g with ©
• California |
JEireworksj
® I Buy direct from 5
9 ths makers, q
f CALIFORNIA j\
: FIRE WORKS/ Z
•GO 219 Front St. •
3 • * ' S AN FRANCISCO. 2
g m§\
¦9 Open Evenings of , •
• '. July 1st, 2d and 3d." •-
• ¦ •- - - <•¦¦ : '?: ~-^(
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpbeu^a— Vaudeville. . . :
Columbia— "Under Two Flats." *
Alcasar— ' 'Sapho.**
Grand Opera-house — "The Only W«y."
Central — "Davy Crockett."
Tlvoll— "Babes In the Wood."
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy etreets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
rrenlnsr. : --,".
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Sixteenth and Folsom etreets— Scientific Boxing, Thursday,
July 4.
Butro Baths— Swimming.
AUCTION SALES.
By J. J. Doyle— Wednesday, July 3, at 11 o'clock. Horses,
Carriages, etc.. at S27 Sixth street.
- 1 ¦
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWI FOR THE SUMMER.
—
' ' Call subscribers contemplating: s chaiic* •!
Mtldeaee dnrlnsr the summer xnontba can him
¦krlr psper forwarded by mall to tbelr new
¦Utreasei by notifying The Call Bailneii Office.
3"kl» paper will also be on aale at all summer
V« sorts s-xid Is represented by at local atcent la
9|U tows* oa the coast.Playing Cards and Poker Chips.
"We have by far the largest assortment
of playing cards, poker chips, dice, game
counters and tally cards in this city.
Prices right on every style of backs and
we have them all. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
?<1 Market street. •
PASSES AN HOUR FACE
TO FACE WITH DEATH
Tlcznes Encroaching: Upon a Hedding
Miner Die Out as They
Near Him.
REDDING, July L — For Just one hour
Sunday afternoon George Boswell, a mid
dle-aged miner, working alone in a pros
pect shaft nine miles west of Redding,
suffered the tortures of one who sees ap
proaching death in horrible form without
the possibility of escape. ¦
A forest fire burning dangerously near
and working toward the mouth of the
shaft caused Bodwell to come to the sur
face. He saw he was surrounded by fire.
A box of giant powder was on the ground.
He grasped the dangerous explosive and
hurriedly descended. The flames leaped
over a small cleared space and set fire to
the hoist and platform. The shaft was
timbered. The timbering caught fire and
Boswell's death seemed certain, but the
timbers were green and the fire died out
before it reached the imprisoned and
trembling miner. Providence seemed to
favor him, for in other shafts in the same
vicinity the timbering burned to the bot
tom.
£NT>S TTTS TjTFE BECAUSE
OF CONTIHTrEI> ILLNESS
Bakersneld Man Holds Off for Months
After First Besolvinjr
to Die.
BAKERSFIELD, July L— Preferring
death to an existence made miserable by
continued illness, Alvin S. Bliss, an em
ploye of a hardware firm. In this city, took
his life by shooting himself In the
breast over the heart last night at 8
o'clock. Bliss evidently had contemplated
suicide since January 14, 1900. He left a
letter of that date, in which he requested
ex-Assemblyman R. G. Dale to take
charge of his affairs and notify his wife
and son, who reside in Rochester, Mich.,
of his death.
Bliss was a member of "Wilson Tent No.
3R9, Knights of the Maccabees, of Owosso,
Mich. For about five years he was with
the Seventh Cavalry in the capacity of a
private. He 'was in the Custer campaigns
and had letters of recommendation from
General Phil Sheridan and other public
men.
* ¦ i *
Many Increases In Pensions.
WASHINGTON. July 1.— The following pen
e;pns were gTanted to-day: California, original
—John Lewis, Los Angreles, $8. Restoration
end reissue — David Miller (dead), Cuddeback,
10. Increase — Thomas "Winters, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $12; John Gartland, Veterans*
Home, Napa. $&; John M. Wedel, San Fran
cisco, %\Z; Peter L.. Byers. Santa Paula, J10:
Benjamin P. Shuler, Los Gatos. $10; Herman
Levy. San Francisco. ?10; Edwin ¦ M. Arnold,
Los Angeles, $S; Jacob Baird, Rohnerville. $10;
Cfaartea Russell. Los Angeles. $8; Oliver R. S.
Lowir.an. Soldiers' Home, Los Anjfeles, $8;
El ias M. Tyler, Lincoln, IS; "William H. Wafer
man, Veterans' Home. Napa, $10. Reissue and
increase— Georpe Peter. Vallejo, $10. Original
widows— Ellen Butts, Pasadena, $8; Eliza Mil
ler Cuddeback. JS; Deborah L. Dodson. Pico
Hetg-hts, Vi. Renewal— Mary . E. Price Sacra
mento J12; Adclia Norton. Escondldo, $S;
Clementine R. Arnold, San Dleso, $12.
Orepon: Increase — John Melchlor Roth,
KingFley. $10; Americus D. Sanders. "Wood.
flO; James L. Story. The Dalles, J12; Preston
B. Hoopiiyrarner. Woodntock. $8. Reissue —
Joseph T. Borabaafn. Dayton, $10.
"Washington: Additional — Alexander Camp
ftell New "Whatcom, $10. Increase — John T.
Collins. New Whatcom. J12; Frederick "W.
Johnson. Napavine. $12; William J. Reed. New
Whatcom, $8; William D. Bradford, Seattle,
J*: Isaac H. Kean. Sutr.ner $10: Barney Mc-
Girl, Soldiers' Home, Orting, $12.
Will Discuss Arbitration Measures.
WASHINGTON, July 1.— The issue
which arose here recently as to the extent
to which arbitration should be a theme
before the coming congress of the Ameri
can republics has been transferred to the
South American republics, where there is
much agitation on the question. In Ven
ezuela the two views are being presented,
one by Minister Guachalla of Bolivia, who
represents his country here as well as at
Caracas, and the other view by a Chilean
Commissioner who has just arrived there.
In Nicaragua delegates from Argentina.
Peru and Bolivia are urging unrestricted
arbitration.
Killed by an Electric Car.
LOS ANGELES. July 1.— An elderly
man, supposed to be J. R. Wylle of Long
Beach, was Btruck by an electric car this
morning near the corner of Second and
Los Angeles streets. His skull was frac
tured in two places and he died at the
Receiving Hospital without regaining con
sciousness.
San Jose's New Fire Chief.
SAN JOSE. July L— The Fire Commis
sioners to-day elected Richard Brown
chief of the department, vice Henry Ford,
resigned because of ill health. Brown is
a son of W. D. Brown, who served the
city for many years as Chief of Police
and subsequently as Chief of the Fire De
partment.
Spanish Treaty Claims.
WASHINGTON. July 1.— The -Spanish
Treaty Claims Commission decided this
afternoon that testimony may be taken in
the case of claims either in or outside of
the United States. This decision will ne
cessitate additional legislation on this
point next winter. *'
Ex-Governor Pingree's Body Arrives.
NEW YORK, July L-The remains of
former Governor H. S. Pingree of Michi
gan arrived to-day on the steamship^ee
landfa. With the body came H. S. Pin
gree Jr., who accompanied his father to
England. The body will be taken from
the ship to-morrow. Frank S. Pingree, ! a
brother of the late Mr. Pingree; Mayor
Maybury of Detroit and R. G. Solomon of
Newark, representing the Leather Deal
ers' committee, were at the dock to meet
the steamer.
BOLD DAYLIGHT ROBBERY
BY CHICAGO FOOTPADS
Assault Business Man on Way to |
His Office and Secure Package •
of Money. *
CHICAGO, July 1.— Fred Furst Jr.,
member of the firm of Jacob Furst's Sons,
stone contractors, was the victim of a
bold daylight robbery at 2 o'clock this aft^
ernoon while en the way from the Chi
cago National Bank ,to the marble works
with. $1200, which ha intended to use in
paying the wages of the employes of the
factory.
Furst was attacked by three highway
men and beaten until helpless, after
which cne of the* robbers tore open his
coat and took a package of money
amounting to $460. The screams of Mrs.
John Wade, In front of whose house the
robbery occurred, frightened the footpads
away before they secured $740 which Furst
carried in another pocket. At the ap
pearance of Mrs. Wade the robbers ran
to Larrabee street, where they boarded a
car, making good their escape. Furst Is
not seriously injured.
Sues for Coyote Bounties.
SACKAMENTO, July 1.— T. Carl Spell-
Ing, representing the San Francisco Law
and Collection Company, has filed suit
against the State of California to re
cover $28,685, claimed to be due under the
coyote scalp act. The collection company
holds the assigned claims of several hun
dred coyote hunters^ .
Aged Indian Princess Perishes.
OREGON CITY, Or., July L— Suzaine,
aged 75, the only surviving daughter of-
Chief Yelcus of the Molalla Indian tribe,
was burned to death here to-day. The
house caught fire and Suzaine, being blind
and v feeble, perished before help could
reach her.
JAMES HENDERSON KYLE.
Sudden Death of the South Dakota
Senator.
ABERDEEN, S. D., July 1.— Senator
Kyle died this afternoon at 5 o'clock. Sen
ator Kyle was stricken at his home at
Aberdeen about ten days ago. His trou
ble was of malarial origin and resulted in
a functional affection of the heart, .which
caused the greatest alarm. A consulta
tion of physicians was held and his case
scon took a turn for the better, the heart
action growing stronger and the general
condition much more encouraging. One of
the latest bulletins from his bedside last
week was to the effect that he had passed
the danger point and that his recovery
would be certain, though slow. The Sen
ator had a similar attack in the East
some time ago and was liable to a recur
rence of the trouble. His health has not
been robust for a year or so. His relapse
to-day was not expected, however.
James Henderson Kj l le was born near
Xenia, Ohio, February: 24, 1S54. He en
tered the University of Illinois in 1871, tak
ing a course in civil engineering. He next
entered Oberlin College in 1873 and was
graduated from the classical course in
1878. He then prepared fo,r admission to
the bar. but afterward entered the West
ern Theological Seminary at Allegheny,
Pa., graduating in 1882. During these
years he was a teacher of mathematics
and engineering. Subsequently he engaged
for several years in educational and min
isterial work in Utah and South Dakota.
At the time he entered political life he
was the financial secretary of Yankton
College. Yankton, S. D. He was elected
to the State Senate as an independent in
1890, and was elected to the United States
Senate to succee-1 Gideon C. Moody. He
took his seat In the United States Senate
March 4, 1891, and was re-elected in 1897.
Hi6 term of sentence would have expired
March 3. 1903. a
Judge 'Charles F. Irwin.
PLACERVIL.L.E, July 1.— Judge Charles
F. Irwin, one of the oldest and best known
of Eldorado County's citizens, died at his
home In this city to-day. For twelve
years Judge Irwin occupied the bench as
County Judge. He also served the coun
ty as District Attorney and as Assembly
man in the Twenty-Fifth session of the
California Legislature.
Reeve Scranton Atwater.
PASADENA, July 1.— Reeve Scranton
Atwater, secretary or the Vlve_Camera
Company of Western Springs, 111., died
to-day in this city from the effects of
grip. '¦¦¦.:-.'. ¦- ¦ ' ¦ -
Special Dispatch to . The Call.
SANTA ROSA, July t— Jesse Reed," the
young man taken off the steamer Alliance
at San Francisco on June 27 and who is
now held by Sheriff irace here, has ac
knowledged that he . is Eugene Stum
baugh and that he is under indictment
by the United States court of the Indian
Territory, district for alleged implication
in the' murder of M. Marshall at Wilbur
ton, Indian Territory, on April 6. The
young man does not take his situation
seriously; in fact, he laughs and jokes
with the officers and other prisoners. He
says that he is innocent of the crime;
that while he was arrested in Wilburton
and fined for carrying concealed weapons
and with several others was in the house
where the murder was committed, he had
nothing to do with the killing of Mar
shall. ,
Stumbaugh la about 21 years of age and
rather prepossessing in appearance. He
says he spent his boyhood days in Ken
tucky and that he is of respectable pa
rentage, but after going to Indian eTr
ritory he got into bad company. After
getting mixed up in the Marshall shooting
affair he concluded to leave that part of
the country, coming to California-
United States Marshal Shine of this dis
trict will take charge of Stumbaugh and
will hand him over to United States Mar
shal Hackett of Indian Territory. Sheriff
Grace has shown cleverness in tracking
Stumbaugh. He received word from
United States Marshal Hackett of South
McAlester, I. T.,,in May that Eugene
Stumbaugh was wanted there for the
murder of Marshall and that prpbably he
would visit relatives residing near Healds
burg, but that Stumbaugh had been there
and gone. He again located Stumbaugh
in Marshneld, Or., and with the assist
ance of the Oregon Sheriff he learned
that he was on the steamer Alliance,
bound for San Francisco: It is said a
reward of $1600 is offered for Stumbaugh's
arrest, and it looks now as though Sheriff
Grace will be that much richer.
Confesses That He Is Under
•- •Indictment in Indian
"Territory.
SHERIFF GRACE
HAS RIGHT MAN
Jesse Reed Admits That
His Real Name Is
—/Stumbaugh.
TORRENT FLOODS
THE MOKELUMNE
Blue Lakes Dam of the
Standard Company
Gives Way.
Lowland Residents Warned
by Telephone to Save
Their Stock.
Special Dispatch to The Call-
STOCKTON, July L— The <Sam of the
Standard Electric Company at Blue Lakes
broke to-day, sending a flood down the
Mokelumne River bottoms. Farmers In
San Joaquin County, who oxen lands on
the river, were warned by telephone and
all stock was driven out to high ground.
Near Clements the bottom • lands were
covered with new cut hay and that was
ruined. The first report was that the
water rose twenty-five feet, and it prob
ably did in the deep canyons, but when
the water spread out in this county It was
eight feet high at Clements and ran wider
farther down the stream. The alarm was
telephoned along to the reclaimed lands
west of Woodbridge, but no danger was
feared there, for there is ample room for
such a flood at this time. The mining
dredger above Clements and near Wal
lace was given a timely notice to get out
of the flood, and along the course of the
river the damage will not be very grear,
except in losses of hay crops of one cut
ting. The rush of water brought down
large quantities of driftwood and logs and
the people viewed the flood with interest
at all points.
The understanding in this section is that
the dam was one of a series recently built
by the Standard Company to hold reserve
water for its big plant above Mokelumne
Hill. Land owners who were greatly
frightened at first now feel safer. The
flood had reached Clements at 8 o'clock
to-night.
MOKELUMNE HILI* July 1.— The dam
of the Standard Electric Company, built
across the outlet of Blue Lakes, about
eighty miles from this place, broke some
time last night and the water reached
here about 3 o'clock this afternoon. News
reached Mokelumne Hill by telephone in
advance and hundreds of persons rushed
to the big bar nearest the point to wait
for the flood. It came, but It did not
reach the expectations of the people, as
the river rose but little above high water
mark. No doubt some of the lower dams
of the company have been broken, but the
amount of damage has not yet been as
certained.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. July 1.—
Until the return from Honolulu of Con
tractor McGillivray* who is erecting all of
the buildings now going up at the .uni
versity, there will be little work done
here. This morning the laborers went out
on a strike and as the masons must have
their aid, they, too, have stopped, though
not Involved In the strike.
The cause of the trouble Is the employ
ment of two non-union men. A branch of
the San Jose Laborers* Protective Asso
ciation was recently organized in Mayfleld
and all of the workmen but two joined.
The others asked for the substitution of
union men- in the places of these two and
gave notice that they would not work
after last Saturday evening unless their
request were granted. Finding the two
non-union laborers still at work this
morning, they quit.
McGillivray is expected back from the
Hawaiian Islands in a few days and pend
ing his arrival no attempt will be made to
fill the places of the strikers or to pro
ceed with building:.
One Hundred Men "Walk Out.
LOS ANGELES, July 1.— The day labor
ers engaged on the big Hotel Angelus,
now In course of construction at the cor
ner of Fourth and Spring streets, struck
to-day for an increase of wages from $2
to $2 50. When their demands were de
nied by the contractors the bricklayers
and electrical workers joined the strikers,
completely tying up operations. About 100
men are involved.
Ijaundry-Workers Walk Out.
LOS ANGELES, July 1.— Out of eight
steam laundries in this city only two were
in operation to-day, the \ others being
closed by a strike of the employes, who
recently organized a union. The strike
is for a ten-hour day and Increased pay.
Construction Ceases Pending
the Return of Contractor
McGillivray.
ings Strike.
Laborers Working on
Stanford's New Build-
OBJECT TO TWO
NON-UNION MEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAYS JULY 2, 1901.
7
THE DAY'S DEAD.
GAMPREVERIE,
. —IN THE—
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
NOW OPEN,:
"lit All California
No Place Like This."
AnGutin^
On a New Plan.
• Camp Reverie, on the Guernevllle Branch of
the California Northwestern Railway, Is prac-
tically a hotel under canvas. Accommodations
—tent and board— by the day or by the week.
There -will be addresses by distinguished people
In the mornings, and specially arranged enter-
tainments— musical, literary, etc.— for the even-
ings. • -
BUN UP FOR, A DAY.
Run Up Saturday and Return Sunday op
Monday,
Ran Up and Back on Sunday,
and see for yourself— "In All California No
Place Like This."
Round trip from San Francisco only $2.50.
Take boat at Tiburon Ferry. Call on or address
Camp Reverie Association, Room SI. Flood
Bldg., San Francisco, for particulars and book-
lets; or write Camp Reverie Association, P. O.
Forestville. Sonoma County. Cal. Booklets may
also.be had at the ticket offices of the Callfor-
nla' Northwestern Railway. ¦ ' - -
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
-3% Hours'' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club." J*
. Eighth Sc son of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
HOTEL* J1ETKOPOLE and COTJNTRT CLTJB
always open. Golf nnd Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
. For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets. apply to «££.
10 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
!22 South Spring St.. Los Angelesj Cal.
— . — — , 1 ¦ — ¦ \
e+t* m r\r\e\ HOT springs, sonoma
KkU nnS Co - : on 'y 4^4 hours from
UA/f l/l/U San Francisco; but 9 miles
", ; ¦. ¦ staging; waters noted for
medicinal virtues: best natural bath in State;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mall and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon ftages;/ round
trip from S. F. only $5 50. Take Tihuron ferry
nt 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 P- m. Terms. $2 a day or
$12 a week. Referehces— Any guest of the past
Fix years. Further Information at Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. MTJL-
OREW, Ekaggs. Cal.
GILROY
HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
8 a. m. and 2:45 p. m. dally. For rates and
illustrated pamphlets address P. ROBERT-
SON, Prop. ' ¦_'¦¦¦:'.*'''¦
OWN A HOME CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker, $30
up; boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depot, store, postofflee at camp; board
and lodging $6; take Sftusalito ferry, $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER..'- or H. M.
GREGSON, Camp Meeker,' County. ¦
<&yrai)ffo$fpn$?
Three trains dally; 2% hours*. ride. A
. • Bettens. Mgr.. Byron Hot Spgs., Cal.
Lombard & Co.; 36 Geary street. City.
HUNTING AND FISHING GaORE.
"Parties wishing to go on a hunting and fish-
ing expedition In the Coast Range, where deer
and bears are plentiful, and trout-fishing is
elegant, may find tholr way out by writing to
G. A EATON, Lowrey, Tehama County. ' '
THE GEYSERS, S
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATTT-.
ral steam baths; swimming, fishing.- hunt-
Ing and livery. Write for pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMER. manager.
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOY GOOD
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZY
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS. Prop., Bachelor P. O.', Lake Co.
GLENBROOK.
Various amusements. Large and small game/
Table and beds unsurpassed. Rates only $8 and
$10. Apply 20 Montgomery st. or address O. W.
R. TREDWAY, Prop., Glenbrook, Lake Co., Cal.
INDiEPENDBNCE LAKE.
Flshliie: boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect: 16 miles from Truckee, In an unbroken •
forest. Further information Traveler office. -20
Montgomery, or . MRS. H. M. CLEMONS,
Truckee, Cal. ¦ ¦ . -^
VICHY SPRINGS,,
• Tha only place in the United States .where
Vichy "Water , la abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous*, Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
TJklah. J. A. REDEMETER & CO.,
¦¦¦¦- . • Proprietors.-
Forrest and health in THE SIERRAS
near Colfax on (J. P. R. R. Elevation Just right—
S400 ft.— 136' miles from San Vr. No staging; good
table; finest scenery, water, air,' fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds $8.00 a week. Sand for
booklet. . v Orchard Springs, Colfax, Cal.
BELLEVUE HOTEL. ~ :; :^
P~ O EL ,VERANO, 'Cal;. .Verano Station
(King's Crossing). ' on : California • Northwestern
.Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms,
$1 per day and upward." PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU, lessee. 1 - ::¦' '.. •/' :.' \ •-'.-.: ;.•'¦••¦ ¦ '¦ '-' ¦¦'• -'"'-
v \ ; Wl OUNTAIN HONI E.
! In Santa Cruz Mountains. ; Health, ; pleasure,
fishing, hunting -and swimming; jgood table;
guests at home; never fall to return; send for
souvenir.'. VIC PONCELET.' Llagas.' , :
TOLL^ HOUSE.
PLEASANT. ACCOMMODATIONS FOR A
few guests ; • mountain ¦ scenery ; > pure , air. $8
per week.' -H. B. LAWLE Y. Calistoga. Cal.
•h- HO I^FOR; THE; GEYSERS.
;- ? Via ' C. A - C Foss'' Stage'Llne from Callstoga. <
The scenlo route. Livery In connection. C. C.
TOSS,- Proprietor. CaUstoga,' CaU . ;<-¦-.
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap.
t Pure soap is as gentle as
oil to the living skin.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world*
All sort* of people use It, all sorts of stores
Sell it. Psn^rwMw firtlpT"^! «. •- — • ¦ "";-" " ?
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST.
~ - 24 Post Bt.. San Francisco. Cal.
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
Write for 80-page catalogue (free).
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
S> ONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS DI-
W piomas; seminary course accredited to the
Universities: rare opportunities offered In mu-
sic, art and elocution: thirty-sixth year: fall
term opens Aug. 7. 1901. Write for catalogue
to MR6. C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills College
P. P.. Cal. •..•'¦' ¦ ...'.' ¦
HAMUN SCHOOL and VAN NESS C EMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
Stin Frr.nciseo, Cal. -
Boarding School for Girls. Accredited by
universities of California and Leland Stanford
Jr., also Vassar. Smith and Wellesley colleges.
Reopens August 12. 190L
¦¦ SARAH D. HAMLIN, Principal.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for the university, law and medical colleges :
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building. .-
MISS M. G.. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY. ~
302 Montgomery st., San Francisco. Cal. .
Lessons personally or by mall. Acknowledged by
official reporters, "best teachers, best system."
THF. HITCHCOCK SCHOOL FOR
YOUNG MEN AND BOYS,
SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
Military Drill. Christmas Term Begins
August. 14th.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
h A THOROUGH SCHOOL.
Progressive,' exceedingly thorough, finely
eauipped departments: positions for graduates.
EOS Larkln et. Illustrated catalogue, r -
" R. L. DURHAM. President
IRVINC INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for girls, 2126 Cali-
fornia 8t. Accredited to the universities. The
next seEslon will begin Aug. 5. For illustrated
catalogue, address the principal. ¦ • >
REV. EDW&RD B. .CHURCH. A. M.^
ST, MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO. CAL. The next term will begin
August 15. 1901. For catalogue and illustrated
circular address Rev. WILLIAM A. BREWER,
A. B.. Rector and Head, Master, s .-.
Co'letfe 6ai Rafael'*. for Younft Ladies.
.Conducted by the Sisters of : St. Dominic,
ripens August 1, 190L Full college course of
•studies. Modern building; steam heated. Un-
BuroaBsed' for beauty and healthfulness. . Ad-
drees MOTHER SUPERIOR, College San Ra-
fael. San Rafael; Cal.
UMLACE HOTELW
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
. their headquarters ' at j these : hotels ¦ en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
culsina. American and European plans.
HOTEL- !
If you want to
know where to
go this Summer
Call or writ* for , '
"VACATION 19O1"
This is a little book Just Issued by the Cali-
fornia Northwestern .Railway Company, and la
profusely Illustrated.' It gives camptng loca-
tion*, hotels and mineral spring resorts in}
Marln. Sonoma. Mendocino and Lake counties.
Besides, It contains a list of about 200 farms
and homes where board during the summer
months can be procured at from f} to SI9 per
week. Ticket offices. 650 Market street (Chron-
icle building) and Tlburon Ferry. General of-
fice. Mutual Life - building, Sansome and Cali-
fornia streets, San Francisco. R. X. RYAN.
General Passenger Agent. H. C WHITING.
General Manager.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours* Staging •
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful place>
In all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10. $12. $14.
$15 and $18 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG.
318 Montgomery st.. and see photographs of
hotel and surroundings. We take pleasure in
writing full particulars. S Address CRAIG *
WARNER.
CAMELLINE
For the complexion. Indispensable for th»
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn and Infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists. '
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Callente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging; 48 miles via C N. Ry. or
S. P. R. R. Immense swimming tank. Splen-
did table. Come Sundays, try it. Round trip.
$1 10. Telephone: expensive Improvements; $13
and $14. COOPER & SHEDDEN. Agua Ca.-
llente. CaL ¦> •
RUBICON PARK.
*A delightful rummer resort on the shore of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new. Best beach for
bathing on the lake. Fishing and huntlne.
Boats, flrtlntr tackle and saddle horses at mod.
erate hire; $2 per day. or $10. $t3 and $14 n»r
week. Postofflee. telenhpne. A. L. FROST.
Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cal. _^
JO HANNI f=S O F! R G.
First-class family resort In the Nap* red-
woods. Exhilarating air. hunting, fishing,
swimming and hoatlnr^ Terms reasonable. In-
outre THEO. BLANCK KNBTJRfi XR., Prop..
Oakville. Napa Co., or The Travelers Bureau,
20 Montgomery «t.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shore of dear Lake: home cooklnr;
$7 per week and upward. F. and A. M.
SCALES. Lakeport. Lake County. Cal.
E0ARD.FRU1T FABN^ es^~" dr ,v?&
Terms. $S: fare 80c. Box 64. Redwood City.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRING3
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Barlett Springs.
Via Lakeport. Varrytag; passengers for Lake-
part and Bartrett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hoplaad. Leave Hopland at
12:30: arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pns^
senger tournt wagons, made to order for this*
etage line, with all the most modern Improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport er Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line.
MILLER * HOWARD. Proprietors.
LAKE . COUNTT.— New 19-passenger Tosecrsit*
Etage. all outside seats. Leaves Cail**jg-v
daily (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m., ilr^ct
.. to Harbin. Selgler. Adams. Howard. Ander-
son, Astorgs and Glenbrook: buy round-trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Callstoga;
also to MIddletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyvllls
mill T^keoort. WM. SPTKRS. Proprietor.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mails!
; on Application.
COAL. COX E AND PICJ IROX
JT WIT QAV * ffl 90 ° Battery Street.
• W- nlLolIn C WU-» Telephone Main 1SC4.
s COPPERSMITH. *
r W CMTTrT ph| P Plumbing. Steamboat and
l^ n • Jillll Hi Ship Work a specialty. 18 and
lg Washington st. Telephone Main 6641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TAC RnYFSfcfft Shipping Butchers. 1M
JA5- fiUIEj g \A3' clay. Tel. Main 1294
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLI3,
-413 Front st.. S. F. . Phone Main 1719.
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
MEN'S wm'l'Jd DRESS SHIRTS for 40c.
worth $1: Ladles' and Children's Hose 6c a
Pair, at Pioneer Dry Goods Store. 105 Fifth st.
PRINTING.
E. C» HUGHES. 611 Sansome st.'. S. F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THJl! HICKS-JTJDD CO.,
• . , x , -«• ¦¦; , 23 First Street. San Francisco.
• ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' . "-'... ' ? f ' ~ .
The Weekly Call
Bnl ar £e d to 16 Pages
SI per Year*
Vendome
Central California
San Jose Is tha central city of California, and
Hotel Vendoma Is Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
In every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rate* reasonable. For farther Information call
at "Traveler" office, 20 Montgomery street,
San Francisco, or address.
OEO. P. SNELL. Met.. San Jose. Cal.
•Delightful Surroundings and WITTCp
Excellent Accommodations at Tf 1 11 LR
MEDICAL SPRINGS
Vi-'t LAKE COUNTT, CAL. ; ,
Certain cure for Stomach, Liver, Kidney,
Bladder, Skin and Blood Diseases. •
Recommended by Leadine Physician*. Thou-
sands Cured. • _ -
Tickets, California and Northwestern Rafl-
i - road. ' Stage from Uklah.
RODNEY McCORMICK, General Manager.
Call or address, ¦ • ¦ •
WITTER MEDICAL \ SPRINGS COMPANY.
Upper Lake P. O.; Lake County. Cal.
Main Office & ¦ "Water Depot. 916 Market, r. 64.
...NAPA... Napa County.
SODA SPRINGS Cah
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL
health resorts.
Rates $10 to J15 per week. Two trains dally,
foot of Market street,' 7 a. m". and i p. m.
' For further Information address
A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
THE SEASIDE RESORT OP CENTRAL
California, on Monterey Bay. Now open.
Free booklet. • R. M. BRIARE. manager hotel;
FRANK REANIER. supt. camp. Capltola. Cal.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumno
Big Tree Grove.. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco- $32. Round trip -from " Stockton $27.
Staslni? 2% hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day arriving al Yosemlte "Valley 5 p. m.
Send' for illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'l Agent. 630 Market St., opposite Palace
Hotel. S. F. ; tel. Black 3571. - - ¦ '
DR. G. C O'DONNEH-'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, plcnlo and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In the -world; 46
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R« Bl y e special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap:
no fogs nor poison oak at, the park* mineral
¦wawr boats and bathlntr free. Inquire of DR.
C C O'DONNELL, office 1021% Market, bet.
6th and 7th. 8. F. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this Is the place to go.
Healthiest and best climate, ! prettiest place
In all California: lots amusements; fine walks:
all mineral waters. Rates. $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city office,
918 Larkln St.. S. F. DRURY & KROEGER.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co., Cal.. 28 miles by
stage west of Williams; fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast: temperature 143
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,-
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging.
Including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor. ¦ '¦" '
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINCS.
Greatly Improved. New cottages, large hall,
pianos, billiard, pool and other games: every-
thing new; J7 oer week. Round trip by stmr.
Point Arena. $7. ¦ Inquire at Beadle Bros.*, 34
Illusion, and N. P. R. R. ' Co.. 14 Sansomn
Bt.. or of DR. W. A. McCORNACK, Point
Arena. Cal. '
"PINEKNOLL.r
Beautiful mansion house and magnificent
grounds, situated In foothills, one and a half
miles from' St. Helena. < Table unsurpassed.
Terms reasonable. Address P. O. box E5, St.
Helena. Cal. '
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
Finest fishing. ¦- hunting and health resort on
the coaet. ¦ Climate perfect. On Klamath Klver.
Rates. $3 and $2 50 per day; $10 to $14 per ween.
Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery st., or
nddress EDSON BROS., .Beswlck, SIsklyou
County. Cal. x ¦-
SOLID COMFORT HOME i^^pS
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Largs
orchard, vegetable garden. ' Hot. cold baths.
Spring water. 1 Rates, $7 week no. Stage meets
train. SCHTILER & SCHEBEK. Jfapa. Cal.
CAMP CURRY
Makes It possible for you to spend a week or a
month In Yosemlte without exhausting all your
resources. Rates.. $12 per week; $43 per month.
Office. 620 Market street. .— -~ - ' ; ; ¦ • --
YOSEMITE S I
WIT I A W D A VfH Former proprietor W.
W ILL U W H API WU Crandell— A summer home
in the redwoods. B miles from Santa Crni;
running water, swimming.'- croquet, abundance
of fruit. 'home cooking; table sneak* for Itself.
For particulars. TULEY ft ILIFF. Santa Cruz.
"'WHITE SULPHUR SPRINCS.
¦* 2H hours' ride from S. F.: B miles from Val-
i lejo. Sulphur baths: cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $8 to $10 a week.
Special rates families. M. MADRID. Vallejo, Cal.
&SO.OO
Or "less will . cover - all - expenses of , a 10 day**
trip ; to Yosemite. ' Curry's Office, 63<) Market
street. 8. F. . • • ». -
¦YOSEMITE!!
BOULD C R CREEK HOTEU#N:
Under new management. Entirely renovated.
First-class family resort. ; Fine • hunting and
flshlng. . ¦¦ Sulphur springs. For terms And par-
ticulars address P. J. "WELCH. Prop.? Boulder
Creek. Cal. - ¦ ¦'•---
TAMP TAVTflD Cottages, oomplng. flahlng;
LA11JI lAILUll 29 miles from S. F.; In the
redwoods. Call Traveler office/; 20 Montgomery
street. : or address H.' G. . MARTIN. Proprietor.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
-¦' Two miles from St. Helena. .Board and room.
$7 a. week; camping privileges, $1 60 per week.
Address 57. W. McCORMICK, St. Helena.
.' ADVERTISEMENTS.
Unique among soaps — -it is
more than soap — Fels-Naptha
soap. Does the wash with half-
work.
Your . grocer, returns your
money if you don't like it.
Fcls & Co., makers, Philadelphia. -
*~*~ s ~*~ > *T > r~ > ~ > * < ~'~'~''~*~ > ' <^ — , — ~«*~«*h~«~«~*~~- «>~^~~v*~n~ ~ < ~ > ~* <> ~«'*~-~*~ > ~ > '%issr'*
¦¦, '": . ; ADVEBTISEMENTS. 7 ;_
''' JnCARTTO '
Positively cured' by thess
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress frorri Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion' and" Too Hearty
"Eating. A perfeqf remedy; for Dizzi-
ness/ Nausea,' Drowsiness, , Bad Taste'
in the Mouth. Coated Ton^ne, Pain;Jn
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. . , Small Dose. ;
: Small Price.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For tba cure of GONORRHEA, ' GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of tha
Organs of Generation.'
Price $1 a bottle.* For sale bv druggists.:
AMUSEMESTTS. ' "- : "
OS3ANB' OPEftA. HOUSE
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE THURSDAY.
JULY 4th.
USUAL MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUN-
* . DAY.
ALL THIS WEEK . ¦
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY Present!
''THE ONLY' WA Y."
. Original Version by Freeman 'Wills.
Stroncest .Company Ever \ Seen at Popular
Prices.
10c, loc, 25c, 50c. 76c. '
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium. :/¦
NEXT WEEK— "SECRET SERVICE."
SECOND WEEK.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE July 4
the big TTTITTIi TITV
SPECTACLE I III if!
CHARLES -4 S I III I I HK
FROHMAN'S I I W I I , I I
By Arrangement with ,^n*l
DAVID BELASCO, -
Paul II. Potter's id*
6-Act Drama on ; liBmmi
Oulda's Famous Novel. ' BUBma
Over 100 People, T*IT H tfV
Including I I A fi V
BLANCHE BATES ''PLAItN
as "CIGARETTE." X JJ1IU W
fJLYH EAT R titrAr
LAST WEEK,
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY..
In Her Greatest Success,
SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY, JULY 4.
SEATS SIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
Nex\— "THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL." f
BEMSCOA'mTHALCSjfcg^
x^g— Jtr* " u/Mtcmriuu
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS'WEEK. : '¦
N EXTRA MATINEE JULY 4 * (Thursday).
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday
Special Engagement 'Of
t JAMES M. BROPHY.
Superb Production of Frank Mayo* s Great Play
Davy Crockett.
Sensational Climaxes— The- Attack by Ferocious
Wolves, Etc., Etc.
PDIfEC Evenings.. 10c, 15c, 23c, 33c, BOo
I HlvC3 Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week— James M. Brophy In Gillette's
war play, "HELD BY THE ENEMY."
AN ENTIRELFNEW BILL.
CLAYTON "WHITE AND MARIE STUART.
PROSPER TROUPE. BIMM. BOMM, BRRR.
P. RICHARDS, LA MOYNE BROTHERS,
INA ALLEN, GARDNER and VINCENT,
THE BIOGRAPH, EMILY LYTTON.
CHAS. BOWSER & CO. :
Reserved seats, 25 cents: Balcony, 10 cents;
Opera chairs and box- seats, 50 cents.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
A SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE THURS-
DAY, FOURTH OF JULY.
*TI¥PLI*
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at J. : '
_ "IT'S A GREAT BIG HIT!" }
' The New Midsummer Extravaganza,
THE %ABE$
tl^ WOOD.
r.-'iC?': Book by Ferris Hartman.
BUSHELS OF FUN'. LOADS OF MUSIC!
Popular Prices.. ••••'•••' .25o and EOc
Telephone— Bush 9.
SEATS ON SALeT
OPEN-AIR CONTESTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO ATHLETIC CLUB."
AFTERNOON OF JULY 4 j
1 SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STREETS.
(Jack) MOFFATT vsTgardner (George)
TWENTY ROUNDS FOR MIDDLEWEIGHT
- , . ; , : * . CHAMPIONSHIP. . - 4
(AliNHILL vs; THilRSTONC 11 Dutch")
TWENTY ROUNDS FOR COAST CHAMPION-
. SHIP.'. '
Tickets for sale at 914 Market street. '
¦ -Popular Prices, $1, $2 and $3. ¦ ' -
PT^r.HFR'S C(ONCER ' r: , house.
rl e UXlr ' n :' D Admission IOc.
/ CHARITY MARTIN. SIG. G.* S." WANRELL,'
Anita - Fallon, Graham and ; Greville- - Co., • Al
Hazard, Ingham, Viola 1, Vignette, Murphy and
Hart.', -.-¦ :-. ¦¦ ' ,. "¦¦¦'-.: • : • ' ....
• ; Reserved; Seats. , 23c. Matinee Sunday. .
- SUTRO BATHS.
/ : 7
V . r Open Dally Fromj7;a.''m. toll p. m. ,
. Bathing ' From -.7 f a.'v m. : to 10:30 p.' m. ', r. ;' >
' ADMISSION 10c. -: CHILDREN 5c. ,
- Bathing, Including Admission,' 25c. Children 20c.Oats were unchanged . to V6@Kc ' up at the
close, after a day of tig trading and a rather
sensational . up turn , in < prices . early/ Weather
conditions • were . responsible for the . strength,
together wl«h good f country buying. Profit
taking caused ' the plump toward : the - close.
September ranged -between 27%®2Sc, closing
WtXc higher at 27V4<327%c.' ¦; .¦> • . ¦• -;
CHICAGO. July 1.— Higher cables ; imparted
strength to wheat to-day, but the .early
strength was all lost. The special ; feature of
the weakness was the heavy, deliveries on July
contractr— a million and half bushels— and this
was supplemented by reports of fine crop
prospects. September opened. %c to %c higher
at 66%cto C6%c.' and after, advancing to 676
early in the session the Drlces weakened, the
low point being reached at 65&c. The close was
%c lower at:65}{c, ' ' • ;
The opening, in corn, was wildly /excited,
September ranging between 46%c and 4Sc." Con
tinuation of ths hot, scorching weather in the
Southwest was the cause of the: bulge. The
trading was largely on the basis of 1 cent over
Saturday's close." : There was free' liquidation
atfthe advance; and later, on reports. of rain
In Kantas, . the market ; sold ; off. < September
sold between A6Mc and 4Sc, the opening figures,
closing %c higher at 46«4@46%c. ..- . ... . .
~.T\: ¦ CALL BOARD SALES. ": r :
',- Informal ; r Session— 9 :15 ' .- o'clock— December— '
6000 ctls, $1 00%: 4000, '$1.' • , ¦ • • -i", s. '
Second Session— December— 12,000 ctls, ,99 7 £c;
20,000. $1.: .-'-.-'• ¦ • ; .... : ¦ : ¦ . ;
Regular -'- Morning : Session — December— 16,000
ctls, : 99%c. , May — 4000, $1 04%. .':.-;;* \ ¦ . 4 -
„, Regular 0 Afternoon "Session— December— 2000
ctls,.99%c; 4000. |1. . ";• ! . '- ¦ - '.
BARLEY— The. market was' quoted v,ery dull
and not materially changed.- . ;i '• • : .'¦¦• '.
Feed. 72%c -for choice bright, 70@71Uc for No.
WHEAT — Liverpool was heavy and depressed,
but Paris futures were higher. • The .world's
shipments Tor the week . were*" as follows, in
quarters: Russian, 196,000; Danubian, 19,000;
Argentine. 107,000; Indian, 160,000; Australian,
72,000.' The American visible supply decreased
2,110,000 bushels. -, . . r
Chicago opened a shade firmer. under a mod
erate demand, and the market was favorably
affected by the strength In corn, but when that
cereal declined under rainy weather wheat fell
oft in sympathy, with the leaders' selling.- >.¦¦>
. Corn was active and strong, owing to' dry
weather, in the Southwest, and St. Louis wired
that reports ..coming' In, were sensational, , and
accompanied' by buying orders. Later.^on' in
the forenoon Omaha wired rains to the west,
coming eastward, and this broke the market
somewhat..- . .
The I San Francisco AVheat I market was dull,
with aslight decline" In' futures.; The Produce
Exchange voted to' adjourn from Wednesday
afternoon' over* to- Monday. . '
¦ . Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95@96Vic; milling, 97%c
@$1 O2',4 per ctl* . . ; . . . " *
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days...'.... — $4 86%
Sterling Exchange, r sight — 4 89
Sterling cables — .•.-.'... 4 SO
New York Exchange; sight....... — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraph.. — 16 .
Silver, per ounce ' — 5914
Mexican Dollars, nominal . 49 H & £0
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS-
SPECIAL FRUIT SERVICE.
Sar. Jose 79 60 W Cloudy .00
HoJllsto-r 65 50 Clear .00
Per ta Maria 74 58 Clear .00
Ventura '1 €2 Foggy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. •
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
siorthwertern portion of the country and con
ditions are favorable for the development of an
extensive low east of the Sierras.
. Tiie temperature has fallen from 10 to 18
degrees in the great valleys of California. It
has risen from 12 to 16 degrees from Winne
roucca to Salt Lake.
A thunderstorm is reported from Port An-
Forecaet made at San Francisco for thirty,
hours ending midnight, July 2:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettle!
weather Tuesday with heavy fog along the
coast; brisk southwest winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday; fresh
fcuthweet winds.
Xevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Tuesday;
brifk to high eouthwept win^*: much cooler in
northern portion Tuesday night
San Francisco and viclni/y— Cloudy Tuesday,
brisk westerly winds and fcg.
Special daily fruit service:
- Sa-t Jote — Cooler Monday, with brisk west
winds; cloudy early in the day; all fruit ripen--
Jr.g fast. .
Ventura— Fcg beneficial for fruit: will begin
picking apricots July £; about half crop.
Santa Maria — Apricots and prunes very light.
Threshing barley and oats; yield heavy. .. .
HoIliBter— Grain ripening fast; hay large
crop; frood crop wheat and barley. Light crop
apricots. ALEXANDER G. McADIE. .
Forecast I Official
.
The .Stock and Bond Exchange stands ad
journed to Saturday morning.
The oil ' stocks were quiet, with no changes
worthy of note. The two exchanges will ad
journ to-day until next Monday.
The Market-street Railway.?- Company will
pay. a quarterly dividend of 60 cents per share
on the 10th.
The California Title Insurance Company is
now paying a quarterly, dividend at the rate of
6 per cent per annum.
The Pacific Lighting Comoany has declared
a dividend of 35 cents per share, payable on
the 5th.
The following were ex dividend yesterday:
Sacramento Gas. 15c; San Francisco Gas, 25c;
Honokaa Sugar. 15c; Geary-street Railroad,
f.0c. California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany, for the six months ending June 30, for
the term deposits at the rate of 3.6 per
cent per annum, and on ordinary deposits at
the rate of 3 per cent per annum. Mutual
Savings Bank, for the six months ended June
30, 3 per cent ,per annum on all deposits.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society. 3ft per
cent per annum on all deposits.' Savings and
Loan Society. 3% per "cent per annum on all
deposits. San Francisco .Savings Union. 3.6
per cent per annum on term, deposits
and 3 per cent on ordinary deposits.
German Savings and Loan Society, 3% per*
cent per 1 annum on all deposits. Humboldt
Savings and Loan Society. 3i4 per cent , per
annum on all deposits. ¦
The semi-annual Interest on the following
local bonds is now payable: • . ..
California-street Cable 5s..... $22,230
Contra Costa' Water 5s 50,000
Los Angeles Lighting 6s 30,000
Market-street Cable 6s 90,000
Nevada County Narrow-gauge Ry. 73.... . 8,750
Northern Railway of California 6s 154,000
North Pacific Coast Railway 5s 22,700
Oakland Transit Company 6s...... 42.000
Oakland -Water Company..:...'... 37,500
Oceanic Steamship Company 5s 60.125
F%rk and Ocean Railway 6s 7,500
Park and Cliff House Railway 6s a. 10,500
Southern Pacific of Arizona Railway 6s.. 300,000
Total ..$836,253
-Also- the quarterly interest on the United
States' 4 per cent bonds of 1907, amounting to
$2.G13,2C3. . .
SAN FRANCISCO . OIL EXCHANGE.
, - • 1
\ Morning Session — No sales.
.<«, -'"'*: Afternoon Session.
Board—
1000 Lion 12
200 Sterling ........*... 130
... ¦ PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Board—
100 Four «.... - 33
10 Kern... SCO
200 Lion ' 12
200 Monte Cristo 2 00
.10 Peerless '. - 4 90
40 Peerless ...4 73
ICO Twenty-eight ......:.:..... 120
Afternoon Session.
Board—.': — . . . » ." <*^«ii|f£2£ss2' 4
3 Hanford : • 93 00' .
100 Home ,'.. 2 25
2G0 Junction, •• 15 .
1000 Junction • 14 '
. 30 Occidental of West Virginia ..;',-: 50
20 Peerless ¦ ....i r "• 4 90
10 Pan Joaquln Oil &> Development 7 75
' 25 San : Joaquln Oil & Development.... 8 00
200 Sterling 127%
MINING- STOCKa ¦' /
• Following ; were the sales In the San Fran
cisco. Stock 'and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 Con Cal & Va2 23 ' 500 Ophir~ .1
100 Gould & Crry 13 100 Sierra Nevada 22
' M Mtextcan ...... 22 500 Union Con ... is
. STOCK MARKET.
THE COAST RECORD.
. O»th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, /uly 1—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day;
Eureka, — : ML Tamalpais, 66; San Luis
<>blEpo, 70; Red Bluff. $6; Fresno. 94; Los An
geles, 76; -Sacramento, 74; Independence, SS;
San Diego, C6.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
56; minimum, 40; mean. 52.
Weather Report.
"Domestic raisins are flat, pending the un
certainty .as to the disposition to be made of
the stocks of the Raisin Association. Loose
Muscatels are easier, some of the 4-crown goods
recently sold on the Coast at S^jc, supposedly
for manufacturing purposes, being offered on
the spot at lower quotations. These goods show
very fair quality. California layers are dull.
A little traOe is noted In imported 2-crown and
S-crown Sultanas around 12@13c. Four-crown
are scarce. Some slight inquiry is noted for
Valencia layers also. There is a small trade in
apricots, sale of one lot of a little over 100 bags
cf iancy Moorparks being reported at 12%c. No
interest appears to be taken in new crop apri
cots. Prunes continue to be wanted in a small
way and etocks are very gradually being re
duced." . *
Mail advices from New York say:
• "There is very litle doing In any line of dried
fruits, buying being wholly of a hand-to-mouth
order. Currants are quiet, no transactions of
any size beinc reported yesterday. All re
ports Indicate a good crop in Greece 'with no
attack from perinosparos reported up to date.
New crop has been offered here during the past
week or so from Greece at from 21@23s for
Amalias, equivalent to about 6»i<jz7 1 -ic, duty
paid, laid down in this market. No buying of
luture currants, however, is reported, and buy-_
ere here have shown little Interest in new goods
as yet. Mail advices from London, under date
of June 15, report a weaker spot market there,
sales of Provincials and ordinary Vostizzas
ehowing a decline of about 2s per cwt.
Dried Fruit in New York.
The London Grocers' Gazette of June 15
eays: "A quietly 6teady tone has to be re
ported In salmon in this market. There is not
a rreat amount of business passing, but the
statistical position is healthy, and fine goods
are in small compass. There :s less doing in
California fruits, but prie'es are firmly held.
We understand that the Chancellor of the Ex
chequer hinted to the deputation • which waited
upon him on Thursday with regard to the extra
charges involved in the Imposition of the sugar
duty in relation to forward contracts, that some
modification of the duty on* preserved apricots
would be made. Pines are steady, with but lit
tle business doing owing to the oaucity of sup
plies. In Liverpool prices for all kinds of fruits
are well maintained, particularly apricots and
pineapples. There has been some lii^uiry for
apricot pulp as the duty of 7s per c/wt. will
make a great difference In the prices asked for
that article."
Fruits and Salmon in London.
P. Costa. Stockton. City.
June I 67,939 19.463 812
July 1 50,460 13,322 577
, Barley 1
P. Costa. Stockton. City.
June 1 S.739 3,042 1.675
July 1 9,?22 3.645 1,195
Oats. Corn. Bran.
June 1 1.438 ' 58 132
July 1 1,558 470 . 32
Receipts In June were 14,373 tons Barley. 1649
tons Oats, 1038 tons Corn and 1135 tons Bran.
Etocks of grain in warehouse and on wharf
July 1 in tons *-ere as follows, as reported by
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Steller:
Stocks of Grain.
Produce Exchange call board sales during the
crop year just closed were 1,016,606 tons Wheat
and 138,500 tons Barley, against 1,497,800 tons
Wheat and 161.9C0 tons Barley during the pre
ceding crop year.
Produce Exchange Sales.
prices for stocks which were aroused by the
action of the market during the latter part of
last week were not realized to-day. It is no
unurual thing for the effect of July disburse
ments upon the money market to ba delayed
sometimes for a week or two, the looked for
demand for reinvestment failing to appear and
the rate for money holding comparatively firm.
These conditions had sway, although there was
some relaxation in j the call money market.
There were, however, a number of more or less
disturbing factors which discouraeed buying, ,
and when last week's buyers attempted to take
their profits they met no demand to absorb
their offerings and prices melted away easily
on a small volume of business. The tone of
the foreign markets was quite cheerful and
the occasion of some opening advances here.
The passing of the semi-annual settlement day
at Berlin without a hitch was a great relief
to all the foreign markets and heavy dis
bursements of Government interest in London
made money and discounts easy there, but
the market here had to face the action of the
Amalgamated Association of Iron and Steel
Workers in inaugurating a strike in the steel
trade. Officers of the United States Steel Cor
poration professed to belittle the effects of the
strike, but its effects were manifest upon the
price of the company's stocks nevertheless.
The independent steel companies were also
weak. 'United States Steel, both common and
preferred, lost 1%, and Colorado Fuel and
Tennessee Coal about 3 each. The expected
dividend action on United States Steel to-mor r
row was also a factor in the situation, the
bears striving to discredit rumors that the
common stock would be placed on a 4 per cent
dividend basis. Fears of damage to the corn
crop from drouth in Missouri, Kansas and
Texas especially depressed the corn carrying
grangers, which were more vulnerable by rea
son of last week's strength. The decline,
reached ZVt in St. Paul, 3 in Rock Island, 2% in
Illinois Central, VA in Union Pacific and Texas
Pacific and 2 in Atchison preferred. The hand
of the bears was manifest in the circulation of
some rumors to the effect that the clearing
house> was In consultation over the affairs of
some of the clearing-house institutions. Thera
was certainly no such consultation and there
were emphatic denials of any thought or inten
tion or necessity of such a consultation, but the
effect produced by the rumors showed rather
strikingly that last week's failures have left
the speculative .mind in an Impressionable
state. There is good ground for the suppo
sition' that last week's episode has prompted
some overhauling of coliateral for bank loans
and has induced a rather stringent caution on
the part of the banks in the certification of
checks. It must follow that business by the
Stock Exchange houses is conducted i with
somewhat less facility than when the machin
ery of credit was entirely untrammeled.
There is nothing to show that any further
ground than this exists for the rumors cir
culated of financial troubles. The fierce heat
had its effect on the trading, as it had on all
other kinds of human activity. . There was
notable strength in the Iowa Central stocks
and in the New York. Chicago and St. Louis
stocks, the gains extending to about 2 to 6
points. Most of the active stocks were off a
point or more during the day and the closing
was heavy and dull.
There was little doing in railroad bonds, but
prices yielded in sympathy with stocks. Total
sales, par value. $1,800,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the first call. ' .• f
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares ¦ - ¦ . Closing
Sold. Stocks— ' Bid.
25,100 Atchison SSV4 !
11,500 Atchison prefd 104%
S00 Baltimore & Ohio 107%
1.000 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 94U
1,000 Canadian Pacific ....¦ ...10«i
31)0 Canada Southern 6S>*
500 Chesapeake & Ohio 48*4
1,000 Chicago •&- Alton 44%
300 Chicago & Alton prefd 79
2,100 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 197Vi
Chicago Ind & Louisville 37»4
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 70
Chicago & Eastern Illniois 125
3,100 Chicago & Great Western 24Vi
100 Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 84
100 Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 51
Chicago & Northwestern 197
800 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 155%
500 Chicago Terminal & Trans 23V»t
4C0 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd 45^4
700 C C C & St Louis S7V4
2,400 Colorado Southern 15
2, €00 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 52>4
9C0 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 24
500 Delaware & Hudson 161 ,
100 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 23%
....... Denver & Rio Grande 49
SCO Denver & Rio Grande prefd 97f4
15,500 Erie 42T,
11,400 Erie 1st prefd 71%
2,200 Erie 2d prefd 57^
300 Great Northern prefd 183
SOO^Hocking Valley 53
200 Hocking Valley prefd 25%
10,900 Illinois Central 152%
1,800 Iowa Central 41
5,300 Iowa Central prefd 86
Lake Erie & Western 57,
Lake Erie & Western . prefd 118
4,500 Louisville & Nashville 109%
4,100 Manhattan L 124
400 Metropolitan Street Railway 173
« 800 Mexican Central 28
........ Mexican National 10%
• 30O Minneapolis & St Louis ...106
1,500 Missouri Pacific 12O'/4
600 Missouri Kansas & Texas. 30%
400 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 63
200 New Jersey Central 160
7 500 New York Central 157%
v 1,200 Norfolk & Western 52»i
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 89
Northern Pacific 120
Northern Pacific prefd 97
2,8C0 Ontario & Western 36%
14.100 Pennsylvania -.151
13.900 Reading - ....45%
1,100 Reading 1st prefdr 79
600 Reading 2d prefd .' 56«4
St Louis & San Francisco 46^
' . St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 83
2C0 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 69%
200 St Louis Southwestern 32
200 St Louis Southwestern prefd 6(5 ¦
27,400 St Paul -.: 174%
St Paul prefd 1S7V4
1.800 Southern Pacific 59V4
6.200 Southern Railway. 33'^
2.500 Southern Railway prefd 87
3,200 Texas & Pacific -. 45
1C0 Toledo St Louis & Western... 21%
Toledo St Louis & Western prefd... 35'/fe
44,900 Union Pacific 109
1.300 Union Pacific prefd 90
700 Wabash :... 22%
2,000 Wabash prefd v 43%
500 Wheeling & Lake Erie 20%
J...... Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd... ..32^
400 Wisconsin Central 24%
300 Wisconsin Central prefd '....«. 46%
Express companies—
....... Adams :.. .........'.170
American ......195
United States :.. 87 -
....... Wells Fargo '..150
Miscellaneous — i -
9,800 Amalgamated Copper 122H
' 200 American Car & Foundry 32%
COO American Car & Foundry prefd 88%
1.300 American Linseed Oil 26Va
I 1.100 American Linseed Oil prefd ......'56
j L100 American Smelting & Refln 57%
J 1.100 American Smelting & Refln prefd 103%
• 400 American Tobacco ¦.: ¦..:.. .136'^
j 200 Anaconda Mining Co 4S%
« "7,000 Brooklyn Rapid Transit Sl%
1.000 Colorado Fuel & Iron 112
1 , 200 Consolidated Gas 221V4
I £00 Continental Tobacco Tr 68%
I ..'.'.... Continental Tobacco prefd 118%
I 500 General Electric .264
700 Glucose Sugar ....,...: 60V
SCO Hocking Coal .-; 23"
International Paper 22«4
Tf>0 International PapT prefd 77Vi
.- «600 International Power 'Jfci
' Laclede Gas Sfi'l
National*Blscuit ..;.. 45'.
100 National I^ead 22.;
£00 National Salt . 941,.
1.5C0 National Salt prefd 7G
...North American ...... .lOOM
Pacific Coast 68
CCO Pacific Mail .:........... 40»i
• 3,*G0 People's Gas .......117%
' £00 PreEsed Steel Car 44-
NEW YORK, July 1.— Evaporated apples,
steady, unchanged. , State common to good,
3%@5c; prime, o'/fcSo^ic; choice, 6^c; fancy,
6%@7e.
California dried fruits ruled inactive and
unchanged.
• PRUNES— 2%@6%c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8@16c; Moorpark, 7%
@12c. . •
PEACHES — Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 8@10c.
Visible Grain Supply. '
NEW YORK, ¦ July 1. — The .visible supply of
grain Saturday, June 29, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange,' is as follows:
Wheat— 30,793,000 bushels; decrease, 2,110,000
bushels. • ¦ ¦ •'. ' " ¦•-. '¦¦'•¦' . • •¦ ¦ '¦
Corn— 15,158,000 bushels; decrease, 2.208,000
bushels. ' ¦ 1
, Oats — 10,760,000 bushels; increase, 179,000
bushels.
Rye— €19,000 -bushels; increase, .60,000 bushels.
Barley — 436,000 bushels; decrease, . 48,000
bushels. . ¦ .- „- .
LONDON. July 1.— Canadian Pacific, 107Vi:
Northern Pacific prefd, 99; Grand Trunk, 10%;
Anaconda, 9%; Union Pacific prefd, 92%. Bar
silver, steady, 27%d; money, l%@2 l / i per cent.
NEW YORK, July 1.— FLOUR— Receipts, 24,
147 barrels; exports, 14,757 barrels. • Neglected
and nominally lower.
WHEAT— Receipts, 242,250 bushels; exports,
£89,227 bushels. Spot, easier; No. 2 red, 74&c
f. o. b., afloat; No. 2 red, 73%c, elevator; No.
1 Northern Duluth, 73c f. o. b., afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 83}4c f. o. b., ; afloat. Options
opened firm with corn, but soon settled Into
decided weakness under ¦ liquidation, good
home crop news and prospects for increasing
receipts. Closed weak at J i@%c net decline.
July, 72Vi@72%c, closeil 72>4c; September, -71%@
72»ic, closed 71%c; October, 72@73c, closed 72%c;
December. 73 7-16@73%c, closed 73%c. Hops at
London (Pacific Coast), firm; £3 5s®£5.
HOPS— Firm. •
HIDES-Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice,
6 l-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova. SV£@12!£c Cof
fee futures started quiet with prices un
changed to 5 points lower, and during the rest
of the morning and all the afternoon were
dull and narrow. • The market finally steadied
and closed 10 points lower. Total sales were
21,175 bags, including July, 5.05@5.10c; Septem
ber, 5.20@5.25c; October, 5. 25@5. 35c; November,
5.35c; December, 5.45@5.50c; February, 5.60c;
March, 5.65c; May, 5.75@5.80c. . ¦-
SUGAR— Raw, steady to firm; refining,
3 9-16c: centrifugal. 96 test, 4 7-32c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 13,131 packages. Quiet
er, steady; creamery. 15@19%c; factory, 12%@
15c. - . ¦
EGGS— Receipts, 10,054 packages. Firm;
Western candled. 13%@14%c ; Western uncan
dled, 11(9)130. 1
CLOSING.
NEW YORK. July 1.— Commercial Adver-j
User's London financial cablegram says: I
Business en the Stock Exchange was still re
stricted, but the week's trading began in a
cheeVful spirit and became dull in sympathy
with American markets. These were strong,
there being many small buyers. There was a
fall of two points later on rumors of other bank
failures than the City National Bank of Buffalo
and reports of labor troubles In the steel trade.
The close was flat at bottom prices and with
few dealings. • . •
The Bank of England has bought £75,000 in
gold in Australia and received £40,000 from
Roumanla.
. On the turn of the half year £20,000,000 Is dis
bursed in interest on British and foreign gov
ernment bonds.
Copper fortnightly stocks show a decrease of
1144 tons; supplies decreased 636 tons.
Paris exchange Is 25.19; Berlin, 27.40.
London Market.
NEW YORK, July 1. — Money on call, firm, at
6@12 per cent; last loan, 6 per cent;, ruling rate,
8 per cent: prime mercantile paper, 4@5% per
cent; sterling exchange, easy, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 87V6@4 87% for de
mand and $4 85V4@4 85% for sixty days; posted
rates, $4 86@4 88%; commercial bills, $4 84%@
4 85; silver certificates, nominally 60c: bar sil
ver, 59%c; Mexican dollars, 47%c; Government
bonds, , steady; State bonds, steadier; railroad
bonds, easier.
New York Money Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat—. .. r - • .Sept. Dec.
Opening. .....'..............¦..¦.......: 5 6 5 6H
Closing 5 6% 5 7Vs
PARIS.
Wheat— July. Seot.-Dec^
Opening 20 35 . 2145
Closing 20 60 21 70
: Flour— - - ; .
Opening 25 95 27 40
Closing ......26 30 27 65
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. July 1.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2300,
including 700 Texans. " . Weak to steady.
Prime steers, $5 2o@6 25; poor to medium, $4 13
@5 15; stockers and feeders, $2 75@4 60; cows
and- heifers, J2 70@5 15; canners, $2@2 65; bulls,
$2 75@4 60; calves, $4@« 25; Texas steers, $4 25@
5 35; bulls, $3 50@4 20.
HOGS-Recelpts, 37,000; to-morrow, 18,000;
left over, 5000. .Market steady to slow. Mixed
and butchers, $5 S5@6 17V4; good to choice
heavy. ' $5 95@6 22Vi; rough heavy, $5 S0@5 90;
light, $5 80@6 10; bulk of sales', $6@6 10.
SHEEP— Receipts, 25,000. Weak to shade
easier. Good to choice wethers, $3 40@4; fair
to choice mixed, $3@3 70; Western sheep, $3 35®
4; yearlings, $3 60@4 10; native lambs, $3 50®
5 10; -Western lambs. $4 25@5 10.
Official receipts for June and six months of
1901— Receipts, cattle, - 241,203; hogs, 613,970;
sheep, 274,909..
Six months— Receipts, cattle, 1,483,473; hogs,
4,C02,4S7; sheep, " t 1,720,906. ;
' \ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH,. July 1.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2146.* Market steady on best, others 10@15c
lower; natives, $4 40@6v cows and heifers, $2®
5 15; bulls and .stags, ; $2 75@4 90; stockers and
feeders, $2 75@4 60; veals, $3 75@6 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 4542. Market . steady. Light
and mixed. $5 85@5 SO; medium and heavy,
$5 92V4<@6 0V&; pigs, $4if 5; bulk tl $5 90@6.
SHEEP— Receipts, none." ¦
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, July 1.— The week starts in
with business quiet, very light and speculation
almost dormant. In London values eased oil
las under selling pressure,- closing easy in tone
at £128 Is for spot and £121 5s on futures, while
the local market declined 20 points under similar
circumstances, but trading in bath plapes was
only of a jobbing nature. The close here was
easy at $27 80@28 10.
. Copper at New York and in London rules very
quiet and values were unchanged <pn - the basis
of $17 for Lake Superior and 16%c for casting
and electrolytic and £68 for spot and £68 10s for
futures, respectively.
Lead was unchanged, both here and abroad.
Spelter, however, fell off 5s at London to £16
10s, and our market declined slightly out of
sympathy, closing easy at $3 90@3 95. -
American iron markets ruled dull and quite
featureless at nominally unchanged prices. Pig
iron warrants, $9 50® 10: Northern foundry, $14 25
@15 50; Southern foundry, $13 75@15 25, and soft
Southern, $12 75@15 25.
Glasgow warrants closed at 52s 3d and Mid
dlesboro 44s 10V£d. "The exports of copper for the
month of June aggregated 9428 tons, against 15,
595 tons last year.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 1.— Cotton closed easy, with
prices net 3@9 points higher. v
Foreign Markets. \
LONDON, July 1.— Consols, 93%d; silver, 27^;
French rents, lOOf 52%c. Cargoes' on passage,
heavy and depressed. No. 1 Standard California,
28s 10^d; Walla Walla, 2Ss 6d". English coun
try markets, quiet: import into- United King
dom, wheat, 301,000; import Into United King
dom, flour, 318,000; wheat and flour, on passage
to United Kingdom, 3,510,000; wheat and flour
on passage to Continent, 1,580,000; Indian ship
ments of wheat to United Kingdom, 149,000;
Indian shipments wheat to Continent, 11,000. \
LIVERPOOL, July 1.-WHE AT— Steady;
wheat in Paris -firm; flour in Paris firm;
French country markets part cheaper; weath
er in Engjand, overcast. . • ,
. CLOSING. -
LIVERPOOL. July 1.— WHEAT— Spot, dull;
No. 2 red Western winter, dull, 5s 7d; No. 1
Northern spring, 5s 6%d; No. 1 California, 5s
994d.- Futures, firm; September, 5s 6%d; De
cember, 5s .7%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, firm, 4s
2d; American mixed, old. steady. 4s 3d. Fu
tures, firm; July, 4s %d; September, 4s l%d;
October, 4s l%d. " -
Portland's Business. .
PORTLAND, Or., July L— Clearings, $528,
841; balances, $.68,758. . ¦
Northern Wheat. Market. I
OREGON. ,
PORTLAND, Or., July 1.— Wheat, Walla
Walla, 57c. ¦ ¦¦' . .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 1.— Wheat unchanged; blue
stem, 57%c; club, 56^0. ,.• ¦ .
TACOMA, July l.-Clearlngs, $U0,148; bal
ances, $43,115. _ ¦'¦: '_;.¦¦
i V: — : — r- — — - — : — ?
Foreign Futures.
ment Association. Berkeley, quitclaim deed; $1.
Frank B. Ogden (executor of estate of Eliza
beth L. Hutchison) to Catherine Pescio. lots 42
to 47. Claremont Park, being- resubdivlslon. of
lots 3 to 8, blt>ck I, Verngn Park. Oakland;
$560,
Susan A. Holiday to Alice M. Colby (wife of
E. C), all Interest In lot on SW line of East
Twelfth street. 100 SE of Eighth avenue. SE
60 by SW 150. block 34. Clinton. East Oak
land: S10. - ' ¦»
Grace E. and W. J. Mortimer tc H. V. Mar
tin, all interest in lot ID; block 3. map of
property of Berkeley View Homestead Associa
tion. Berkeley; $10. -
• Alice A. and William H. Watson to A. A.
Webber, lot 7. block A, Heald Twenty- third
Avenue Tract. Brooklyn Township, subject to
a mortgage for $800; $10.
Janet Ingler to Louis Loretz. lots 15, 16 and
17. block D. revised map Prospect Hill Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
William P. Todd to Jonnie Ralston, lot on E
Hn« of Everett street. 80 S of Lincoln avenue,
S 33 by E 116.83. portion Foley Tract. Alsmeda;
$*ioo.
Builders' Contracts.
Maria Altube (ownei> with Andrew Dahl
berg (contractor), architect Charles R. Wilson
—Excavation, concrete,, brick, iron, carpenter
and mill work, stairs, plastering, glass, elec
tric work, mantels and tiling for a two-story,
basement and attic frame building on lot on
S line of Jackson street, 16B:3 W, of DevJsa
dero. W 40 by S 127:8%; $10,600.
Same pwner with p. Zelinsky (contractor),
architect same— Painting graining and polish
_tng for same on same: $710.
Same owner - with . Berwick & S pinks (con
tractors), architect same-Gas fitting, plumb
ing and sewer work for same on same: sunn.
P. J. and Annie McKeon (owners) with XV.
E. Grant (contractor), architect W. G. Hind
—All work for a two-story frame 'addition, to
a two-story frame building on lot on E line of
Steiner street. 79:6 S of Sacramento, S 26 6 by
E 81:3; $2595. .
Edward B. Hlndes (ownsr) with M. J. Sav
age (contractor), plans by owner— All work for
a five-story and sub-basement frame buiMln?
on lot on S line of Bush 'street. 137:6 XV- 6z
.Taylor, W 54:4Vi by S 137:6; $23, 7S0u
S 51:7%, W 170 to beginning, lot 3. Cogsswell
Tract. Oakland: also lota 1 and 2. block 93.
Tract B. Berkeley Land and Town Improve-
George A. Young to Martha R. Young, lot on
N Una of Broadway, 72:6 XV of Octavta street,
W 27:6 by N 100; also lot on N corner of
Twelfth avenue and J street, N — 75, NE 100,-
SE 75. SW 100. block 1021. South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association: also lot
on N corner I street and Seventeenth avenue.
— 75, NE 10O, SE 75, SW 100, block 328, same;
gift.
Joha G and Constance E. WRoberts to Rob
ert I. Bently, lot on S line of Green street, 110
XV of Scott, W 27:6 by S 137:6; $100.
Wilhelmine English to Olive Hamilton. wif»
of Jesse W., lot on W line of Central avenue
(Lott). 100 S of Waller street, S 26 by W 107:6;
$10.
S E. and Elizabeth C. Slade to Harlow W.
White, lot on E line of Ashbury street, 15a N
of Fell. N 23 by E 103:3; $10.
Rose Langford to Joseph Nash, lot on N lln»
of Clay street. 239:7% E cf First avenue. N
127:8% by W 29: JIQL .
Hattle A. O'Brien to Christian Stahl. lot on
E line of Stevenson street, 83 S of Hermann, 3
75 by E 77:6; $10. - __
Catherine Jones to John McHugh, lot on SE
corner of Twenty-third and Guerrero streets, 3
25 by E 100; $10.
Elizabeth Shaw to William and Christina A.
Casement, lot on XV line of San Jose avenue.
90:3 SW of Valley street. W 96:11. S 29:10. E
Josephine Clot to Relnert Olsen. lot E line of
Sanchez street. 234:7% N of Sixteenth. N 2a by
E l^S * $10
Wiliiam B. and Jeruaha A. Glidden to Har-J
vey A Dana, lot on NE corner Geary and Will
iam streets. E 28 by N 62:6; $10.
Mercantile Trust Company of San Francisco
to same lot on N line of Geary street. 137:8
W of Taylor. W 28 by N 62:6; $10. _
John and Mary E. Higgins to same, lot on H
lino of William street, 62:6 N of Geary. N 23
*T J and* Nora Gal van to M. G. TonlnJ. lot
on "E line of Leavenworth street, 100:3 N or
Clay, N 20:3 by E 137:6; $10.
George E. and Pauline A. Ames to Horace G.
Tanner lot on N line of California street, liO
W of Jones. W 27:6 by N 137:6: $10. -
Bertha A. Behlow to M. H. d* Young, lot on
NW line of Mission street, 91:8 SW or Steuart,
SW 43:10 by NW 137:6; $10. ¦
David Clarke to Bertha A. Behlow. lot on W
corner of Howard and Second streets, NW 23:3
by SW 80; $10. -. '
Robert Brotherton, trustee of the estate of
William B. Allen, to Alexander Magee. lot on
E line of Florida street, 150 N of Eighteenth
(Solano). N 50 by E 100; $1400.
State of California, by Joseph H. Scott. Tax
Collector (property assessed to Emma. Fowler),
to J J. Dowllng. lots 420 to 423, Silver Terrace
Homestead; $300. T
Same by same (property assessed to P. Lewis)
to same, lots 811 and 812, Gift Map 2; $78.
Sophie Fasi to Josephine Przyborowskl, lots
477 and 478, Gift Map 2: $10.
Michael and Mary W. Shannon to Mary w.
Shannon, lot 1. block 37. Sunny Vale Home
8 Worcester Corset Company (corporation) and
Chester F. and Tahoe D. Wright to Royal Wor
cester Corset Company, lot 2S, block 5: lot 25.
Mock 20; lot 31, block 23. and lot 1, block 57.
City Land Association; also lot on w line or
Eleventh avenue, 100 N of N street. N 100 by W
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to Kat»
Ryan wife of George, lot on S line of Stone
man street. 30 E of Shotwell. E 25 by S 75, por
tion of lots 51. 54 and 55. Cheesman's Map
Precita Valley lands: $10.
Same to same, lot on S line -of Stoneman
street. 55 E of Shotwell. E 25 by S 73, same; »0.
Alameda County.
Clotilde S. and Joseph Hlnsley to Henry
Qulnn, all interest in lot on N line of Bay
place 193 E of Webster street, E 100, N 237.9.
W 51:7, S 51:7^4. W 51:7. S 211:8 to beginning.
°C kl I? Clark to Du Ray Smith Jr., subdivis
ions 1. 7 to 9, in lot 37, Glen Echo Tract, map
No. 3, being a redivision cf lots 10, 16. IS. 28.
29, 35 to 38. Glen Echo Tract, map 2, Oakland;
gI John A. Levasler to Josephine Levasier. lot
on. S line of West Sixteenth street. 1*9 W ot
Campbell! W 25 by S 129, lot 11. block- 728A,
official map. Oakland; $10.
Anton and Olivie Christensen to Eadieth O.
Allen lot on S line of Fourth street, 70 W of
Castro. W 27. S 70. E :!. S 25. E 26:11. N 100
to beginning, block 25. Kellersberger** map.
henry's, and Lydia A. Ackley to John R.
Scupham. lot 180 In plat 14, Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland Township; $21o.
John A. Drinkhouse (administrator of th»
•state of A. C. A. Boyson) to Thomas I* Hen
derson, all Interest in lot on NW corner oC
Rose and Sixth streets, N SO by XV 129. lota 21
to 23 -block 26, I. M. Wentworth's Boot and
Shoe Company's Tract. Berkeley: $100.
John C. Anderson to same, undivided hair
interest in lots 21 to 23. blcck 26,. same: $10.
Martin and Louisa B. Kellogg to Maude B.
Parsons, lot on E line of Oxford street, 45«
N of Hearst, E 223 to W Una of Bushnell,
thence N on a curve to the right with a radiua
of 383 to a point distant 60 from the N Una
of Sill land.- extended thence W 60. distant
2*>9 7 to the E line of Oxford street, thence 3
60 to beginning, portion of plat 79. Rancho V.
and D. Peralta, Berkeley: $10.
Henry and Ellne M. Spearman to Annita X.
Rottormsly. lots 11 and 12. lot 9. Allendala
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $50.
Frank B. Ogden (executor of estate of Eliza
beth L. Hutchison) to A. N. Wachs. all Inter
est in let on E line of Telegraph avenue. 2S6.02
N of Bay place. E 140 by N 48. Oakland: J1725.
A. N. Wachs to Harold Wachs. all of same,
Leroy 'h. and Minnie Brlggfe to Auguste
Michel, lot on NE corner of Thirteenth and
Clay streets. N 75 by E 50. block 1S9. Kellers
berger"s Map. Oakland; $10.
Charles Gustafson to EnrJla C. Gustafson,
lot on B line of Fallon street. 75 S of Seventh,
S 25 by'E 100, lot 4, block 202. Dillon, property.
Oakland: $10.
Mary Beeny to Mary Grossheim. all interest
in lot on N line of Wallace avenue or Forty
fifth street. S8S.24 E Ot San Pablo avenue, E
62.50 by N 151,7, Oakland; $10.
Louis B. Espejo to Ramona Espejo. lot on N
line of'Bonton avenue. 75 E of Twelfth street,
E 25 by N 140. betas the E half of lot 4,
block A, Klinknervllle .Tract. Oakland: gift.
Harriet A. S. "Smith to Betsy J. Barnaby,
lot on E line of Broadway. 517:6. N, of Web
ster at S crossing thereof, thence N 50. E 157:3.
BT.AT. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
: On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creams; 17@19c;; dairies,
13.3Wj%c. Cheese, steady; 9@10c.' Eggs, steady:
lie. . ¦¦ -.. - - :¦ .-:- . .-. •:. . - . ¦¦ ¦ : . I;-,;.-. 1
Cash quotations i were as follows: Flour,
quiet: No. 3 spring wheat, 62@65\4c; No. 2 red,
C6&@66»£c; No. . 2 cprn, 44'Ac: No. 2 yellow,
44%c; No.- 2 oats. 29%c; No. 2 white,' 30%ig i 31%c;
No. 3v.hite,.29%@31c; No. 2 rye, 48@49c;, fair
to choice malting barley, 4S@51c; No. 1 flax
seed, $1 88: No. 1 Northwestern. $1 88; prime
timothy seed, $4 25; mess pork, per bbl," $14 55®
14 60;- lard, per 100 lbs. $3 6008 62%: short ribs
sides (loose), $7 90@8 10;- dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 7%@7%c; short clear aides : (boxed),
$8 35@S 40; whisky, .basis of high wines, $1 27;
clover, contract grade,' $9 60. ; • :¦•<¦••.¦•
Linseed Oil again marked up sharply.
Grain Bags still higher and firmly held. .
Stock and Bond Exchange not in session. . .
Produce Exchange to adjourn to-day until Monday.
Silver off again. Exchange as> before.
Oil stocks continue dull and not materially changed.
Wheat dull, with a decline in futures.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye continue inactive. »
Hay in liberal receipt and quiet. . /
Beans and Seeds neglected and nominal. •
New Potatoes continue to shade off. Vegetables plentiful.
Eggs in excessive supply and weak. Butter and Cheese un
changed. •
Fresh fruit coming in damaged by the recent hot weather.
Orange auctions discontinued. Limes higher. ..
Shortage in the Prune crop of France conHrmed.
Provisions firm, but quiet.
/Nothing new in the Meat market.
300 Pressed Steel Car prefd. ............. 85^
100 Pullman Palace Car 209 -
' .800. Republic Steel 21U
700 Republic Steel prefd 75%
3.600 Sugar 144V4
8,400 Tennessee Coal & Iron ¦...'.... '.. 70
500/Union Bag & Paper Company. Y. 17
1C0 Union Bag & Paper Co. pfred.. ...... 73^
1,300 United States Leather ......13%
500 United States Leather prefd ..........78%
United States Rubber 21
100 United States Rubber prefd 60*,6
38,400 United States Steel 48Vs
22,800 United States Steel prefd..' '...... mi
1,400 Western Union 93
391,200 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 107 N J C gen 5s!:..'.. .132
Do coup 107 No Pacific 3s...... 12%
U S3s reg ...10S& No Pac 4s ex-int-.104y 2
Do coup 108% N Y C & St L 43..1SS%
U S new 4s reg 139 N & W con 4s 102%
Do coup ...139 Or Nv lsts ex-int.107
US old 4s reg 112^ Or Nv 4s. ..'..... ...103 ; ,- .
Do coup ex-int..H2% Or S L 6s. ....129%
U S 6s reg 108% O S L en 53 ex-int.116%
Do coup 108% Read Gen 4s ex-int 97
Dis of Co 3.65s 125 R G-W lsts ex-int.100
Atchison gen 4S...104& S L & I M con 5s. 117%
Atchlson adjt 4s... 98% S L & S FGen 6s. 136%
Canada So 2ds 103 St'P'con ex-int..".18O
Ches & Ohio 4%s.:iO7V4 St P C & P lsts- ! '
Ches & Ohio - 5s 119»/4 ex-lnt :120 :
C & NW con 7s.. .142% St P C & P 6s *
C & NW SF db 68.122 ex-int '....lHH.
Chi Term 4s ex-lnt 94% So Pacific 4s 93
Colo So 4s 8994 So Ry 5s ex-int.. .111
D & R G 4s ex-int.101% S R & T 6s........ 62 .
Erie Gen 4s ex-int SS l Tex & Pac lsts 119-'.
F W & D Cy lsts. .107 Tex & Pac 2ds 99
Gen Elec 5s 200 U P 4s ex-lnt.. ....105 "-
Iowa Central lsts. 117% Wabash lsts 120
Louis & N, un 4S..102H Wabash 2ds........H2
M K & T 2ds 86% W Shore 4s ex-int.112%
M K & T 4s 98% Wis C 4s -'ex-int. '..' 89 -
N T C lsts ex-int.104% Va Centuries exint.93%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 15 Little Chief ...13
Alice 43 Ontario 8 25
Breece ...1 55 Ophir- .: '.... 82
Brunswick Con..... 15 Phoenix .09
Comstock Tunnel... 5'4 Potosi .05
Con Cal & Va 2 10 Savp.ge -.'. .' 05
Deadwood Terra... 53 Sierra Nevada...... 15
Horn Silver 135 Small Hopes .45
Iron Silver 60 Standard .3 85
Leadville Con 6 -
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. '
Money— '¦ Union Pacific .....'.109 ¦
Call loans 3%@4% Union Land ....... 3
Time loans .....4 _@4% West End 95 ; :
Stocks— Westinghouse El... 68
A T & S F 87% Bonds— ¦
A T & S F prefd.. .104 Atchison 4s 103
American Sugar... 144 N E Gas&Coke 5s. 55%
i Am Sugar prefd... 120% Mining Shares-
Am Telephone.. ...155 Adventure 25
Boston & Albany..254 Bingham Mln-Co. . 23%
Boston Elevated.. .153 Amalg Copper. 122%
Boston & Maine.. ..193 Atlantic ....37
Chgo, Bur & Q....197% Calumet & Hecla..790
Dominion Coal 39 Centennial ......... 30
Dom Coal prefd.. .1131,4 Franklin 17
Federal Steel 48 Humboldt 25
Fed Steel prefd.... 98% Oscepla .%. 89%
Fitchburg prefd... .146 Parrot 53
Genpral Electric... 265 Quincy 173%
Mexican Central..." 28% Santa Fe Copper.. 7
N E Gas & Coke.. 7% Tamarack .'. 345-
Old Colony 208 Utah Mining 32
Old Dominion 31% Winona 2
Rubber -21 Wolverines. ...58
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Afternoon Session.
400 Chollar 07 30O Overman M
200 Con Cal & Va2 25 10C0 Sierra Nevada 21
600 Hale & Nor.. 2S 3C0 Yellow Jacket. 08
300 Hale & -Nor.. 22 *>'
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stoclt
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
50 Con C & V.2 22' 2 200 Mexican 22
200 Con Cal & Va.2 23 130 Ophir 85
100 Gonid & Crry 13 400 Silver Hill ... 2*
1300 Hale & Nor.. 22 j
Afternoon Seasion.
COO Caledonia 35 20O Hale & Nor.. 23
2:0 Gould & Crry 13 30} Sierra Nevada 21
200 Hale & Nor.. 22
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, July 1— ? p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ack.
Alpha 01 MlJustice .: — 02
Alta 04 C6 Kentuck 01 03
Anaes 04 03 Lady Wash .. 01 —
Belcher ...i 09 11 Mexican 22 23
Best & Belcher 21 23 Occidental 03 04
Bullion 01 03 Ophir 83 S5
Caledonia 34 33 Overman 14 15
Challenge Con. 13 20 Potosl C3 03
Chollar 06 07 Savage «S 00
Confidence ..!.. 65 70 Scorpion — 0*
Con Cal & Va..2 20 2 25 Seg Belcher ... — 02
Con Imperial .. — 02 Sierra Nevada. 21 22
Con New York. 01 02 Silver Hill .... 23 27
Crown Point ..06 07 St Louis 08 —
Eureka Con ... 08 — Standard — 3 70
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 03 07
Gould & Curry. 13 14 Union Con 18 17
Hale & Nor.... 22 23 Utah 03 04
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket. 06 07
the close was heavy and lower. Deliveries on
July • contracts were very ¦ light. '/September
pork closed 10c lower, lard 7&c lower,, ribs. 5c
lower. ¦¦/¦¦_, .-;¦'¦. ¦ ¦¦.',' ¦ , ¦¦:.•" ' : ' • "¦. ". : .
The leading futures ranged as follows:-
Flour, qr sks 10.664 Wool, sacks .... 30*
Wheat, ctls 2,100 Shorts, sacks .... 450
Barley, ctls 13,620 Sugar, sacks 2,500
Oats, ctls 3,320 Pelts, bdls ' 227
Corn. East, ctls 2.400 Hides. No. 813
Potatoes, sacks... 3,677 Quicksilver, flsks 121
Onions, saks .... 631 Leather, rolls 87
Bran, sacks 3,105 Wine, gals 10,600
Middlings, sacks. 371 Lime, bbla ISti
Hay, tons 570 . ,
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 15,S02jWooI, bales .'..... 121
Potatoes, sks .... 173'
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ' 4,241 r Wool, " bales .... 26S
Bran, sks ........ 325 [Corn Meal, sks.. 400
FOR MONDAY. JULY 1.
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed, 6 25c; Powdered, 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c; Dry Granulated. 5.75c; Confec
tioners" A. 5.75c: Fruit Granulated, 5.75c; Mag
nolia A. 5.35c; Extra C, 5.25c: Golden C, 5.15e;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; box
es, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Dominos, half-barrels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH, In bulk:
12^c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 18%c: Astral, 13%c-
Star. 18Hc; Extra Star. 22%c; Elaine, 23*£c;
Eocene, 20%c; deodorized stove gasoline, In
bulk, 15c; in cases, 21c; Benzine; in bulk, 14c;
in cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, .20c;
in cases, 26c. ¦
TURPENTINE— 58c ; per gallon in cases and
5ic' in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 10O-lb bags: i
OILS— Linseed has again advanced. Cali
fornia Castor Oil, in cases, No. 1, 75c;
pure, $1 30: Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
89c; raw, 87c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases, 85c: China
Nut, 63@63c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 65c: cases, 70c; Sperm, pure. 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white, 37%@42%c per gallon; Fish
Oil in barrels, 35c; cases, 40c.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfield
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant* $6 50; Coos
«ay. $5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14:
Cannel, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according
to brand.
GRAIN BAGS— Grain Baes are held still
higher. San Quentin Bags, $5 63: Calcutta Grain
Bags, 7|l@Sc; local make, %c less than Cal
cuttas; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@
8c; Fruit Bags, 5%@6c for cotton and 8"£@8%c
for jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%c:
over 2C0 lbs. 6c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per cent
off, boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs,
7Vi@9V4c.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6%@7%c for Steers and 6®6%c per lb
for cows. . , . /
VEAL— Large. 7Vi@8c: small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@Sc; Ewes. 7@7!£o per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8%@9c per pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
All descriptions are steady and prices show
no chanse. .
WOOL— Spring 1200 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 13@14%c per lb: Northern, free. 1239
13c- defective. 9@llc: Middle County, free, 10®
lie; do defective, SfSlOc; Southern. 12 months,
8@9c; Southern, free. 7 months, 7@10c: do, de
fective. 7 months. 7@Sc; Oregon Valley, fine.
14@15c; do, medium and coarse. 11® 13c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good. 9@Uc;
Nevada, lie.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10%c; medium. 9@9%c; light. 9c;- Cow
Hides. 8%@9c for heavy and 8®S%c for. light;
Stags] 6V>c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal,
9%@10c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16@16%c;
Culls, 13V£@Uc; Dry Kip. 16c: Dry Calf, 16%@
17c Culls and Brands, ' 13@14c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 15@30c each; short Wool. 30@50c
each- e medium.- 60@75c; long Wool. 80c@$l
each- Horse Hides, salt. $2 50@2 75 for Urge
and $2 25 for medium. $1 5001 75 for small and
EOc for Colts: Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large.
$1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small and 50c for
Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins. 35c;
fall or medium sklna, 30c; winter or thin skins,
20c Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. I rendered. 4%@4%e per lb;
choice. 5c: No. 2, 3%@4c: grease. 2@2Hc
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
The market continues firm but the demand Is
plow, and will probably continue so the rest of
the week, owing to the holidays.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy
r>V,c for light medium. 13%c for light. 14%c for
extra light and 15V4c for sugar-cured: Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. lSH^l^: California Hams.
13c- Mess Beef. $13 per bbl; extra Mess. $12 50;
Family, $13 50; prime Mess Pork. *15; extra
clear. $23; Mess, $U; Smoked Beef. 13%®llc
per lb. -j
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and lOV^c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
10%c: 10-lb tins. ll«4c; 5-lt> tins. ll-%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 8%c; three
half- barrels. 9&c; one tierce. 9Hcr two tierces.
9c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
4-crown 5Hc; seeded (Fresno prices), 6%c; Lon
don Layers. 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown.
SI 60- Fancy Clusters, 1 $2: Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perials, $3. All prices f. o.-b. at common ship
ping points'in Calif ornla.' -
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. llffiUHc; No.
2 8®8Hc- No. 1 hardshell. I0@10%c; No. 2, 6%@
7%c; Ataonds. 15#14c for paper-shell. 10® Uc
for softshell and-5©6c for hardshell; Peanuts.
*36c for Eastern; Brazil >.uts. 11©11%c; Fil
berts, 12@12iic; Pecans. U@l3c; Cocoanuts,
v Ho'n'EY— Comb.' 10@llc for bright and 9<33}ic
for light amber; water white extracted. 5@5>Ac;
light amber extracted. 4@4Hc; dark. 3V4c
BEESWAX- 25@2Sc per lb.
- PRUNES— 4 slzes..3c; 40-50s, 6%c; 50-60s, 414c
60-703, 3%c; 70-80S, 3%c; 80-90s, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2%c :
100-120S. 1V4C / {. ¦ ;"->•; . . . . .
; RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' AssoclaUon
has established the following prices: .Bleached
Thompson's: fancy. . 12c per; lb: choice, llc
standard, - 10c: prime.' 9c;; unbleached .ThompI
son's, 1 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10%c per lb
choice,. 9J£e: ' standard, 8%c: prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, |c; Seedless, ¦ 60-lb bozea,''
6V4c;;4-crown. 7c;; 3-^rown,,. 6l4c;i2-crown,- fc:
Pacific brand— 2-crown, Be; * S-crown, -634c - im
A large local house yesterday received a let
ter from its French correspondent saying that
the French Prune crop would be light and that
no California Prunes of the crop of 1900 would
be received. This means^ that the carry-over
stock of Prunes will have to be sold "as is,"
and that the : European demand will not be
satisfied with anything-, else than- new Prunes
The French crop last year was about 90,000 0W)
pounds; this year it is estimated at not to ex
ceed 30.000,000 pounds. . The highest estimates of
the California crop do not run over one-half of
last year's crop, while many authorities place
the yield even lower. _~ ¦ ,: :»_•.---...
i FRUITS— Apricots, 7%@9c for new: Evaporat
ed Apples, 6%@6c; sun dried, lV4@2%c; Peaches
3^@4c for . standard, 4V6@5%c , for choice ' and
6@6"%c for fancy; :. Pears._2@7c; Plums. . pitted.
3@4c; unpitted, %@l%c: Nectarines, 4@4%c lor
red.'and" 4@5c for white."" .- ¦¦ --•¦¦ ;
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges.. 75c@$Z;
Seedlings. 50c@$l 25; Mediterranean Sweets.
G0c@$l 50j Valencias. $1@2 50; Lemons,- 75c®
$1 25 for common and *1 50<®2 SO for good . to
choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mexican Limes,
$5@5 50; Bananas, $1<§2 per bunch for New Or
leans and 75ci@;$;!: for Honolulu; Pineapples,
$1 50@2 GO per. dozen. ¦•¦¦.- , ., - ¦
'¦.'¦¦. * '¦' ' * ' . . * ' *.¦¦-*
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
GRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona,' $1 75 per
crate; 'Fontainbleau, from Vacaville, $.160 per
box./ ' . . ¦ • ¦ "
PLUMS— 15@40c per box and 15@25c per bas
ket; Prunes, 25@60c per crate and 20@35c per
basket; Plums in bulk, $10 per ton. -
PEACHES— 15@50c per box and 13@50c per
basket. --. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . :
PEARS — Dearborn Seedlings, 40@65c per box;
Bartletts. $1@1 25 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3 50@5 per chest for Long
worths and $3(34 50 for large berries.
LOGAN BERRIES— $4@6 per chest. '
• BLACKBERRIES— $3@4 50 per chest.
RASPBERRIES- $4@6 per chest.
CURRANTS— ?3<56 per chest.
FIGS— Black, 25@40c per box for single and
50@85c for double layers; White, 25c. , -•
MELONS— Watermelons from Indio, ' per
dozen; Nutmers from Yuma, $1@3 per crate;
from Indio. in large crates,- . .. - - -...
APRICOTS— 20@50c per box, 35@50c per. crate
and 20@30c per basket; in bulk, $10@25 per ton.
CHERRIES— 50@75c for black and"75@85c for
Royal Anne; in bulk, per lb for black and
for Royal Anne. - . • -
APPLES— Cold storage, old, $1 25(ff2 50 per
box ; new 25@75c per large box and 15@25c per
basket.'
DKCIDUOUS FRUITS.
. There was ' no Orange auction yesterday and
there is not likely to be any more until the
new season begins. The market continues weak
and dull. Limes are higher, but Lemons show
no change.
There was general complaint yesterday of the
poor condition of the fruit, most of the arrivals
showine the effects of the recent hot wave in
the Interior. The Peaches were soft and mushy
and the Plums sunburned. Prices showed little
change, however, except for Figs, . which did
better. More white Nectarines carries in and
sold at $1 per box. Arrivals of Cherries were
so light that they were hardly quotable. Stocks
of Apricots showed a material falling oft from
the close of last week. Berries sold rather low.
Fontainbleau Grapes from Vacaville sold at
$1 50 per box.*
Cantaloupes came in from Winters and sold- at
$2 25 per small and $4 per large crate.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 8c; choice, 7%c;
common, nominal ;. Young Americas, 9c; East
ern full cream. 14@16c per lb. ¦
EGGS — . .
. California Ranch— Selected white, 15c; mixed
colors, 14c per dozen. •
California Gathered— Selected, 13V£c; standard,
12i£o; seconds. . • • ' ¦¦ - •_
Eastern— Standard, ¦ 14c per. dozen.
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts. 15c; seconds, 14c;
store. 13c. • .
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; -second^.
BUTTER— Creamery, 17%@18c per lb for
fancy and 16%@17c for seconds; dairy, 14@16»4c
per lb.
CHEESE— New, 8@9c; old, nominal; Young
Americas. 9@10c per )b.
EGGS— Ranch.' 15!5>17V£o for good to fancy;
store, 12%@l4c per dozen.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS
Receipts were 50,500 pounds and 108 tubs of
Butter, SOS cases of Eggs, 430 cases Eastern
Eggs, 10,500 pounds of California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
Some Idea of the weakness of the Egg market
may be gained from the fact that 1200 cases
went into cold storage last week and 4000 cases
were still on the market at the close' of busi
ness Saturday. The market yesterday continued
deprersed with large stocks, and prices were
generally lower on the Dairy Exchange. No
decline was quoted in the open market, but
all dealers quoted the feeling weak, especially
for the medium and lower grades.
There was no. change observable in Butter and
Cheese. Both were in liberal supply and quiet.
Buttery Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@10c for Gobblers
and 8@10c for Hens; Geese, per. pair. $1@1 25;
Goslings. $1@1 25; Ducks, $2 50@3 50 for old and
$3@5 for young; Hens, ?3 50@4; young Roost
ers, $6f 7 50; old Roosters, $3@3 50; Fryers, $4®
4 50; Broilers, $3@4 for large and $1 50@2 25 for
small; Pigeons. $i 50@l 75 per dozen for old and
$1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 50; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cot
tontail and $1 25 for Brush. .
The market was nominal as usual on Monday,
receipts being insignificant. A car arrived from
the East. . - .
Old Oregon are firmly held for seed, but new
Potatoes are weak, with a further decline in
several descriptions. Yellow Onions are weak,
but Red rule firm. .
There is very little new in Vegetables, as the
demand and supply about balance.
POTATOES— Burbanks, $1 25@1 75 "for Oregon:
New Potatoes, 85c@$l 50 for Burbanks, $115®
1 25 for Garnet Chiles and 90c@$l 20 for Early
Rose. ' • •
¦ ONIONS— New Red, 50@60c per sack; New
Yellow, 70@85c per ctl.
¦VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 25@50c per box;
Asparagus, $1 75<g!2 for large, $125@1 50 per
box for No. 1 and 50c@$»for No. 2; Green Peas,
65c@$l 25 per sack; String Beans, 2@3%c; Cab
bage 40@60c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Los An
geles' 60c@$l 40: from Winters, 50c@$l: Rivers,
in large boxes. $2@3; Dried Peppers, 12@lSc; Dry
Okra, 15@20c per lb; Carrots, 23(g'35c per sack;
Marysvllle Cucumbers, 50@65c per box; Winters,
60c: Bay, $1@1 50; Garlic, 2@3c; Green Peppers,
10@25c per lb; Egg Plant, 6@10c per lb; Green
Corn, 25c@$l 25 per sack; Bay do, $1@1 50 per
crate; Summer Squash, large boxes, 35@50c.
Poultry and Game.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 45@2 60; Small White. -$4 75
@4 90; Large White. $3 70<g>3 30; Pink, $1 40@l 70;
Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3 10@3 25; Llmas, $6 40;
Pea. nominal ; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal ; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50@3; Canary, 3%®
S%c for. Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2%c; Hemp.- 3%c; Timothy. 614 c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The market for ¦ Beans and Seeds, continues
lifeless and more or less nominal.
MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 B0@17 50
per. ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Job
bing $28 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@1S; Corn Meal,
$28@29; Cracked Corn, $18 5O@29 50; Mixed Feed,
$16 50@17 50. ¦-,' ¦ ¦
. HAY— New is quotable as follows: Wheat,
$8 6009 50; choice, $10; "Wheat and Oat, $8@9 50;
Oat. $7 50@9; Barley and Oat, $6 50@8; Alfalfa,
$6@8; Clover, $5@6 -per ton; Volunteer, $4@7 50.
STRAW— 25@47%c per tale.*
Beans/and Seeds.
Hay Teas in ample supply, dull-' and un
changed. Feedstuffa were also as before quoted.
BRAN— $17 B0@18 50 per ton.' .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR — California Family extras. $3 23@
3 EC, usual terms; Bakers' Extras.' 13 15@3 23:
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel fqr family and
$2 75@3* for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ : .- ¦- ¦ ' -¦ V;
¦ MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour S3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50: Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3; ex
tra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy.
J3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, > $4 60; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats - (barrels), $6 -2507 85;
In eacka. $6@7 50; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100, lbs. ¦••¦•.
Flour and Millstuffs.
1 ' and ' 67V£@68%C f or off grades;" Brewing and
Shipping grades, 75@82^c; Chevalier, nominal.
->:¦'¦¦-.'¦ CALL BOAKD'SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15' o'clock— No sales.
_ Second Session— No sales.''.-
Regular Morning Session— December — 4001
ctls, 67tte. . May— 4000, 69%c. . '
Regular Afternoon Session — No sale3. .
. OATS— The market was very dull and quota
tions were not disturbed. Any selling pressure
at this moment would probably still further
weaken the market. . White, $1 35@1 45; Sur
prise, $1 50@l 55; Red,'$l 05@l 15; Black, $1 10®
1 20 per ctl. .¦"-,' " • •
CORN — The arrivaj of 2400 ctls from the East
did not tend to improve matters. The market
continues inactive. Small round Yellow. $150;
Eastern Yellow, $1 27%@1 30; .White, $1 37%:
Mixed. $1 27%. ._• .. '
RYE- 75@80c per ctl. t t
BUCKWHEAT-I3 quoted at $1 65 per ctl, ex-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TDESDAY, r JJJJj Yi 2, 1 90 1^
NEW YORK. JuJy L— Expectations of higher
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Provisions opened dull and without*any;fea
tures. Commission' houses bought 'quite freely
early. Easier ; feeling: : developed on / heavy •_• re
ceipts In. hogs together with local- selling, and
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
8
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
Articles—' • •. ¦ , Receipts. S:
'lour, barrels 26,000
Vheat. bushels ...88,000/
lorn, . hushela ..;..;;.... .v:.. 153, 000 ' "
tats, bushels ...... .208,000. •
lye, bushels .' ;...;....'..... •
Jarley, bushels-.... "..: 1,000 .
Shipments
21,000
493,000
220,000
2,000
:*i!6oo-
: Articles— < ' . Open. High: Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ¦ • : '"¦ -
July .: ...,.'..' 65% 66Y» ' ' 6iYi : - ' 64 ! H
September .'. - C6% 67 «5% ' /65?i
December ...*. OS^ 6S?i . 67% 67^
Corn No. 2—" .' ¦ .
July .; 4614 46^ • 44'i 44>^
September , 4S " 48 ¦';• 44% 4G%
December • . - 47% ' ¦ 47?&i 44% - 44%
Oats No. 2— . "
July ,... s . 28 28 ": 26% 27
September ..:....... 27% " 28 . 27U 27%
May .:.... 30 . ¦ 30M, ¦ ¦ 29% t 29%
'Moss Pork, rer'bbl— ¦ '• • ¦--
July ................14 55 14 53 14 55 14 55
September -.14 S5 14 85 14 72H 14 75
Lard, per 100 lbs— '
July 8 67i/ 2 > 8 67V5 8 57»4 8 60
September . : 8 75 - ' 8 75 8 63 8 67Va
October ............ S 70 8 70 S 62»4 8 65
¦ Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— '•
July.... 8 00 - ¦ 8 00 ¦¦' S 00 8 00
September 8 15 8 15 8 10 -..-. .8 12%
October :.. 8 07^ 8 07% 8 05 . 8 05
c egos ¦ ~
e SJigH."* <£• en
STATIONS. 3 ¦S2~| i= go :-.H.
rir-->--~ ? : ='¦ 2 s§ »r* : f
•i * . . .•.£* ? ' t
Astoria 29-96 60 50 SW Cloudy !oo
Baker I9.66 78 40 . ,\E Clear -W)
(-arson 29.72 *0 50 SW Clear .0C
Fresno 29.72 1C4 64 KW Clear .00
Hartal! 29.9t S2 54 W Cloudy .00
Pccatello. Id.... 2S.6S 8S 40 S Clear .00
Independence ... 29.52 96 66 SE Clear .00
I*=s Angeles ... 29.88 76 60 W Clear . .00
Phoenix 29-66 100 76 E -Clear .00
Portland 29 .58 65 50 SW Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 2S.6S 100 66 SE Clear .00
Rnsaburg 29.94 60 46 NW Cloudy .00
Sacramento 29.76 S8 54 KW Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.60 S2 SS S Clear .00
San Francisco... 29- 90 56 48 W Cloudy .00
Pan Luis Obisno 29. 82 70 56 W Clear .00
{-'an Diego 29.S6 66 60 SW Cloudy .00
Seattle 29.S6 66 52 S Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane 29.70 SO 48 S Pt.Cldy .00
Xeah Bay 29.R6 60 4G W Pt.Cldy .00
\Valla Walla ... 29.64 £4 50 NW Clear .Of)
Winnemucca ....29.56 ?8 44 SW Clear .00
y uma 29.66 104 76 SE Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m., 50 degrees.
c egos ¦ ~
e SJigH."* <£• en
STATIONS. 3 ¦S2~| i= go :-.H.
rir-->--~ ? : ='¦ 2 s§ »r* : f
•i * . . .•.£* ? ' t
Astoria 29-96 60 50 SW Cloudy !oo
Baker I9.66 78 40 . ,\E Clear -W)
(-arson 29.72 *0 50 SW Clear .0C
Fresno 29.72 1C4 64 KW Clear .00
Hartal! 29.9t S2 54 W Cloudy .00
Pccatello. Id.... 2S.6S 8S 40 S Clear .00
Independence ... 29.52 96 66 SE Clear .00
I*=s Angeles ... 29.88 76 60 W Clear . .00
Phoenix 29-66 100 76 E -Clear .00
Portland 29 .58 65 50 SW Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 2S.6S 100 66 SE Clear .00
Rnsaburg 29.94 60 46 NW Cloudy .00
Sacramento 29.76 S8 54 KW Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.60 S2 SS S Clear .00
San Francisco... 29- 90 56 48 W Cloudy .00
Pan Luis Obisno 29. 82 70 56 W Clear .00
{-'an Diego 29.S6 66 60 SW Cloudy .00
Seattle 29.S6 66 52 S Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane 29.70 SO 48 S Pt.Cldy .00
Xeah Bay 29.R6 60 4G W Pt.Cldy .00
\Valla Walla ... 29.64 £4 50 NW Clear .Of)
Winnemucca ....29.56 ?8 44 SW Clear .00
y uma 29.66 104 76 SE Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m., 50 degrees.
Articles—' • •. ¦ , Receipts. S:
'lour, barrels 26,000
Vheat. bushels ...88,000/
lorn, . hushela ..;..;;.... .v:.. 153, 000 ' "
tats, bushels ...... .208,000. •
lye, bushels .' ;...;....'..... •
Jarley, bushels-.... "..: 1,000 .
Shipments
21,000
493,000
220,000
2,000
:*i!6oo-
: Articles— < ' . Open. High: Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ¦ • : '"¦ -
July .: ...,.'..' 65% 66Y» ' ' 6iYi : - ' 64 ! H
September .'. - C6% 67 «5% ' /65?i
December ...*. OS^ 6S?i . 67% 67^
Corn No. 2—" .' ¦ .
July .; 4614 46^ • 44'i 44>^
September , 4S " 48 ¦';• 44% 4G%
December • . - 47% ' ¦ 47?&i 44% - 44%
Oats No. 2— . "
July ,... s . 28 28 ": 26% 27
September ..:....... 27% " 28 . 27U 27%
May .:.... 30 . ¦ 30M, ¦ ¦ 29% t 29%
'Moss Pork, rer'bbl— ¦ '• • ¦--
July ................14 55 14 53 14 55 14 55
September -.14 S5 14 85 14 72H 14 75
Lard, per 100 lbs— '
July 8 67i/ 2 > 8 67V5 8 57»4 8 60
September . : 8 75 - ' 8 75 8 63 8 67Va
October ............ S 70 8 70 S 62»4 8 65
¦ Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— '•
July.... 8 00 - ¦ 8 00 ¦¦' S 00 8 00
September 8 15 8 15 8 10 -..-. .8 12%
October :.. 8 07^ 8 07% 8 05 . 8 05
AUCTION SALES
p; AUCTION SALE. M
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth St.. Wednes-
day, July 3 1901, at 11 a. m.. I will sell aU tn»
Horses, Carriages, Buggies and Harness bo-
longing to the estate of Thomas Enright. de-
ceased J. J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.OAKLAND, July l.— William- Bell, a
former inmate of the County Infirmary,
wants an official investigation of that in
stitution* He filed charges with the
Board of Supervisors to-day, claiming
that %*-hile a patient at the hospital he
was subjected to such humiliating treat
ment that he was forced to leave- while
still very sick. The matter was referred
to the Hospital Committee, with instruc
tions to thoroughly sift the charges.
To Investigate County Hospital.
DENISON. Tex., July 1.— A company of
Texas, Indian Territory and Oklahoma
m<rn has been formed to make a rush for
the lands of the Kiowa and Comanche
country when they are opened to pettle
infr.t 'They have employed Richard Mor
gan of Perry. O. T., as counsel, and if
necessary uill fight their case in the
courts. They have been given legal opin
ions that the Kiowa and Comanche coun
trv has been purchased -by the Govern
ment: that it is public domain and open
far settlement rjy the citizens of the
l*nii«»d States; that it can only be sub
icrt to the homestead laws of the United
Statos: thst. th«> homestead laws provide
but one means of selecting homes, and
that. If to move on a claim, stake It off
nnd own It as a homestead, and there is
no provision in law for selecting claims by
drawing lots.
READY TO MAKE RUSH
WHEN LANDS ARE OPENED
:«L » -;„.,.;...->
There was no attempt on the part of the
police to interfere with the betting'.
Mile and three-eighths — Kamara won, Arden
second, Latson third. Time/ 2:20 1-5.
BLTTE, July 1.— Weather fine; track good.
Summary:
2:27 pace— Chrlstobel won in two straight
heats, Hassolo second, Heppie third. Time.
2:20. 2:2i>». •
Four 2nd a half furlongs — Wlnnerock won,
Pirate Maid second. Tufts third. Time,. :56.
Seven furlongs— Ostler Joe won. Burdock sec
ond. Monda. third. Time. 1:30.
Mile and a sixteenth — Sylvan Lass won,
Gauntlet second. Ranier third. Time, 1:50%.-
Slx furlongs — Mountain Queen won, Jim Hale
second, fope Leo third. Time. 1:15.
Three and a half furlonge — Charley Lamar
won, Aurlffera second, Abba L third. Time,
ST. LOUIS. July 1.— Delmar Park summary:
Five furlongs, selling: — Aegin won, Jungfrau
second. Colonel Stone third. Time, 1:03.
Mile and twenty yards, selling— Eda Riley
won. Prince Stonemouth second, Sylvian third
Time, 1:43^.
Five and a half furlongs — Gallagher won.
Miss Wandelohr second, Josie F third. Time
1:09%.
Six furlongs, selling— Sue Johnson .won, Matt
Hogan second. Hansbrouph third. Time, 1:16U.
Delmar Inaugural Handicap. flOOO, one mile
Blink won. Ethel Wheat second, Peter Duryea
third. Time. 1:42^4.
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Beana won.
Amelia Strathmore second. Belle Simpson third.
Time, 1:47.
Six and a half furlongs — Brulare won. Grantor
second. Miss Mae Day third. Time, 1:22.
CINCINNATI, July 1.— Newport summary:
Six furlongs. Felling— Ed Roth won, Allaire
second, Mrs. Daniel thlr"d. Time. 1:15.
Five furlongs— Recluse won, Frank Becker
second. The Widow third. Time. l:02?i.
Six furlongs, selling— Metoxen won, Auchen
drayne Eecond, Santa Ventura third. Time
1:14H.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Banquo II won.
Birdie May second, Eitholin third. Time
1:56»».
Six furlong*, selling — Myrtle Van won, Dur
rell second. Caloocan third. Time, 1:15.
One mile, selling— Laura's First tvon, Quaver
second. Arrlba third. Time, 1:42.
CHICAGO, July 1.— Washington Park sum
mary:
Six furlongs, purse— Educate won. Fleuron
eecond, Emma C L third. Time. 1:17 2-5.
Five furlongs— Sir Oliver won. Jaubert sec
ond. Evening Star third. Time, 1:C3 3-5.
Mile and a sixteenth — Ohnet won. Crockett
second, Gawayne third. Time, 1:50 4-5.
Mile and seventy yards — Sam Fullen won.
Terminus second. Rolling Boer third. Time
1:4S 2-5.
One mile— Trinity Bell won. Conundrum sec
ond. Operator third. Time. 1:44 4-5.
Six furlongs — Tulla Fonso won, Eeide second
Astor third. Time 1:19.
NEW YORK. July 1.— Sheepshead Bay sum
mary:
Five and a half furlongs — Bonner won, Gun
fire second, Alibert third. Time. 1:07%.
One mile, selling — Contend won. Bluff second
Lucky Star third. Time, 1:39 4-5.
Five furlongs 1 , the Vernal— Hatasco won. Dis
advantage second, Rossignol third. Time,
1:00 3-5.
Six furlongs — Sweet Tooth won. Colonel Pad
den second. Bedeck third. Time, 1:13.
Mile and three-quarters, hurdles— Cephalalgia
wen, Holland second, Hopeful third. ( Time,
S:19 3-5.
BACING ON EASTEBN"
TRACKS WELL ATTENDED
F«re4.
"Josh" Reilly'e work on the third cor
vr is exceptionally good. Now if Josh
would onlv trim his lids and land on the
ball he would be the best that ever
' vame over the pike."
Mertes. Harvey and Van Haltren are
<Tofng noble work in the East.
Ing the citrus belt representatives by
three games, and the present series will
tell whether the local talent has' a right to
continue on Its journey toward Pennant
ville. The Iajs Angeles men will come to
this city this week with a "do or die"
feeling in their blouse6, and it remains to
be seen whether or not the Dutch will
send them on their way unrejoiemg.
The Los Anseles "fans" are delighted
with their team's showing, and expect it
to annihilate Uncle Hank's men. Nothing
but live straight will suit the southern
ers. This series will be the warmest that
has been played in this city in years. San
Francisco is playing grand ball and the
orange growers have struck a winning
gait.
Whalen is endearing himself to the
home fans by Ms splendid pitching. His
ability to put them over not only saves
him much work but makes the game
faster. "Chimmy der Whale" worked the
corners in clevor fashion last Sunday and
xeceived hearty praise.
Manager Beebe of Sacramento is Import
ing a new pitcner and a shortstop. When
the new men arrive he intends shifting
"Red Bill" Devereaux to third and .rele
gating Sheehaa to the outer garden.
Oal Ewing is playing in hard iuck. His
team is an aggregation of cripples. Hod
son sprained his leg at Los Angeles. Held
and Eagaa are still on the sick list. Dr.
Moskiman was compelled to return home
on Friday to recuperate, and Petey Loh
rcan feels like a man with "charley
horse."
Graves will umpire this series. Reuben
Levy will journey to the capital and pre
vent disputes between the Senators and
the Dudes.
The game Sunday morning at Emery
ville was the fastest of the season. Only
one hour and twenty minutes was con
sumed.
Los Angeles and San Francisco will
play a postponed game on Thursday
morning at 10:30. The afternoon contest
will begin at 2:30.
Iburg shut out the Senators twice last
week. And yet when the men of the
Upper House had "Ham" in their own
bailiwick some weeks ago they landed on
him for twenty hits and as many runs.
Sacramento was shut out for the first
time this season by the Germans.
Key Evans will occupy the box on
Thursday morning and Iburg will put
thorn over in the afternoon. Both men
will pitch two games this week. Harris
uses his pitchers in rotation, without
deviation.
McConnell has written a letter to
friends in this city, in which he states
that the teams of the Pacific Northwest
League, in which he is umpiring, are
playing as fast ball as the teams of the
California League. It may be well for
McConnell and others to know that the
men who were unable to secure positions
in this league are playing the best ball
up north. Such men as Peeplee. Stulz,
McCarthy. Swindells. Bodie. Muller and
Saulsbury -were not fast enough for the
California League teams. Saulsbury is
pitching the best ball up north, and yet
lie was not good enough to twirl for any
of the local teams.
McLaughlin's and Devereaui's fielding 1
In the last series could not have been
better.
Th«» S?n Francisco? have a system of
signals that has aided them in winning
many games. The members of the local
nine are punting, hitting and running
bases with intelligencp. They seem to be
"onto" the finesse cf the game.
The batting averages of Courtney and
r>oyl<? took a decided slump in the last
series.
Hartwell pitched wretched ball for Los
Angeles in the last series. He could not
hi» the plate. One sporting writer said
h«? would aim at Hank Spies' chest pro
tector and then promptly fire away in
anv old direction but the one most de-
Diamond.
Baseball enthusiasts are looking for
ward to a grand display on July 4, when
the Germans and the balltoesers from the
City of Angels meet on the diamond. The
"men from over the the Rhine" are lead-
Angels and Dutch Sched
uled to Contest This
"Week.
?
Series Expected to Be Lively
One— Notes of the
FAST PLAYING
IS LOOKED FOR
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 2.
"My wife is the cause of what I have
done. Farewell to all."
Such was the message that Louis
Schubert left in his room at Broadway
and Sixth street, where he died yes
terday under circumstances which
pointed strongly to suicide. But the mys
tery which enveloped the death of the for
mer East Oakland wagon builder has been
deepened to-day by the failure of the sur
geons who held a post mortem examina
tion at the morgue to find the slightest
trace of poison and there was no mark of
violence self-inflicted or otherwise upon
the body. The doctors made a very care
ful and detailed examination. After -it
had been completed Dr. J. T. Kitchings,
who had charge of the autopsy, declared
that Schubert had died from natural
cause and that undoubtedly congestion of
the lungs bad been the trouble.
The surgeon's views were upheld by
Dr. H. N. Rucker, who assisted at the
post-mortem.
That Schubert had intended to end his
life is the belief of his wife, who had left
him, and no later than last Friday, the
same day he wrote his farewell message,
had refused to return to her husband be
cause of his cruelty. That same day he
rented the room at the Broadway lodg
ing house where he died. He had been
residing in San Francisco since his re
turn from St. Louis, where, strangely
enough, he had written a will less than
two weeks before the end came.
Schubert had been persistent In his ef
forts to induce Mrs. Schubert to return to
him, but she said she feared for her life,
as he had not only threatened to kill him
self, but her as well.
Dr. Kitchings, who was called to attend
Schubert on Sunday, found him in a dying
condition. The physician said yesterday
that he was unable to find symptoms of
poisoning, and he reported this afternoon
upon the completion of the post-mortem
examination that his diagnosis had been
borne out.
"It is not Improbable that Schubert
might have intended to commit suicide,"
said Dr. Kitchings, "but if he took any
drug he thought was poisonous It was not
the cause of death. The only possible
cause as evidenced by the condition of the
remains is congestion of the lungs, and
the symptoms I found yesterday indicated
that disease.- ',"
"The letters, and other documents found
In his possession would show that Schu
bert had elthtr Intended to end his life or
realizing that he was very ill had decided
to attempt to throw a stigma upon the
woman who had refused to again live
with him."
The Coroner will hold an Inquest to
morrow evenlnsr.
Himself.
Note Left by Deceased is a
Puzzling Feature of the
Affair.
Physicians Declare Schu
bert did not Kill
AUTOPSY SHOWS
NATURAL CAUSE
Charges Against the Principal of the Hancock School Exploited
Before the Board of Education, but No Decision Is Reached in
the Case— The Accused Teacher Testifies in Her Own Defense
PARENTS AND PUPILS TELL WHY
THEY DON'T LIKE MISS McKENZIE
It was not till three hours after the
vessel had- sailed that the loss of the
money was discovered. The facts were
reported to Mra. Dingee yesterday, and
It will rest with her as to whether a ca
blegram will be sent to China asking that
Horn King be arrested on the arrival of
the steamship and sent back here.
Detectives McMahon and Ed Gibson
were detailed on the case and after dili
gent Inquiry they learned yesterday morn
ing that the Chinese, whose real name is
Horn King, had sailed on the steamship
China for China on Saturday afternoon at
1 o'clock. He dashed on board about a
minute before tbe steamship . left the
wharf. He was observed by some mem
bers of the Chinese Six Companies who
were watching the passengers to see that
no Chinese debtor sailed without paying
his debts. As Horn King 'was a debtor,
they raised an outcry and attempted to
have him detained, but he mixed among
the other Chinese on board and the vessel
could not be delayed.
His unexplained absence Friday and
Saturday led to the suspicion that some
thing was wrong, and on going to a bu
reau, drawer In her bedroom upstairs Mrs.
Diiigee discovered that the $1300 In cur
rency which she had placed there Thurs
day had disappeared.. It occurred to her
that the Chinese servant had seen her
counting the money before placing It In
the bureau drawer and she felt convinced
that he was the thief. The discovery was
made Saturday afternoon and she at once
notified Captain Seymour.
A Chinese servant In the employ cf
Mrs. W. J. Dingee. 821 Sutter street, who
was known there only by the name of
Cain, disappeared from • the bouse last
Thursday and. It Is believed, took with
him $1SQO In currency belonging to Mrs.
Dingee.
Mra W. J. Dingee Mourns the
Loss of $1800 While Thief
Sails Chinaward.
Horn King Suddenly
Makes Up His Mind
to Travel.
SERVANT GONE;
MONEY MISSING
DOMESTIC PORT.
NEAH BAY — Passed out July 1 — Snip
Charmw, for Honolulu.
SAIIJ2I>.
Monday, July 1.
Stair Coronado, Johnson, Seattle.
Stmr Matteawan. Crosscup, .
Monday. July 1.
Pr ship John Cooke, Quaile. 16 5 days from
Antwerp-
Schr Chas R "Wilson, Johnson. 80 hours from
Grays Harbor. ¦>-, :-.-¦•; • -U--.-..:~ m*.
ARRIVED.
T.ATB SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Miss A.ntonia Cassas, Hlnckley alley,
secured a warrant from Judga Mogan
yesterday for the arrest of Theodore
Sarabia on the charge of assault with a
deadly weapon. She alleged that without
any cause Sarabia attacked her with a
razor Sunday night and made several
slashes at her, but only succeeded In cut
ting her dress. Her screams attracted
the attention of some neighbors and they
ran to her assistance, when Sarabia fled.
"Woman Attacked With Razor.
Cleo Roberts, an actress, 13 years old.
a recent arrival from Denver, was arrest
ed last evening and taken to the City
Prison, where one charge of "drunk" and
another of defrauding a hackman was
placed against her. The woman claim j
to have been the victim o* sharp practice,
while others assert that she attempted to
hold high revel without paying for It. A
woman companion who started out when
the festivities commenced cannot be
found, but it is said that she Is known to
the hackman who made the complaint.
Actress Befuses to Pay.
JAMES COOPER
LOSES HIS CASH
Masked Robber Relieves
Saloon - Keeper of
Day's Receipts.
Thief Demands the Coin at
the Point of a Leveled
Revolver.
Oakland Office 1 San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 1.
A daring hold-up took place nl Emery
ville to-night, when a masked robber se
cured $183 from James Cooper, who keeps
a ! saioon on Peralta street, just over the
city line. -
Cooper was making arrangements to
close his ealoon for the night. He took
all of the money out of his till and went
to the safe In the back of the store to
deposit the collections of the day. While
the safe was open Cooper thought he
would count his money, and he took out
all the safe contained. Just as he got the
money out and was counting It he heard
some jne say, "Hand that over."
Cooper looked up and saw a short,
thick-set man. dressed in dark clothes
and with a gray - mask over his face,
pointing 1 a pistol directly at his head.
"Not if I know It." replied Cooper.
When the saloon-keeper said this he
heard a voice on the outside say very dis
tinctly, "Plug him if he don't grive up.".
The pistol was pointed at his head and
the man was evidently reinforced by oth
ers on the outside. The odds were too
great against him, and Cooper decided
that he would take no chances and • al
lowed the man to take . the money, $186.
As soon as he j?ot the coin he backed out
of the saloon and disappeared in the dark
ness.
Emeryville has no regular police force,
but the Oakland police were notified. The
description of the robber seen is not very
clear, and there is no idea of the direction
taken by the men with their. booty.
LOCAL BREVITIES.
at 10:30 a. m
INSPECTOR TIPPETT EXONERATED.—
A letter was received yesterday by Customs
Collector Stratton from the Treasury Depart
ment exonerating Chinese Inspector H. E. Tip
pett from charges of corruption preferred
against him some time ago by a Chinaman and
a disgruntled attorney in Sacramento.
MESSENGER MARTIN'S EXAMINATION.
—A. J. Martin, the young messenger accused
of having stolen $47 from the safe in the
United States Engineer's office in the Flood
building, was taken yesterday before United
States Commissioner Heacock for Identifica
tion. His examination was set for to-morrow
EUGENE STOMBOUGK CAPTURED.—
United States Marshal John H. Shine went to
Santa Rosa yesterday and took into custody
Eugene Stombough. who has been indicted In
Indian Territory with Bill Jones and William
Katigan for the murder of Mike Marshall on
April 6 of this year. Mr. Shine will take the
prisoner to Indian Territory for trial.
! COUNTERFEITER VOLLARS HELD.—
Harry Vollars. wanted in Skaguay and Juneau
for manufactures counterfeit half-dollar
pieces, waived examination yesterday morning
before United States Commissioner Heacock
and was ordered into the custody of Lnlted
States Marshal Shine pending the arrival of
officers from Alaska to taks him thither for
"SMUGGLED GOODS SEIZED.— One hundred
and thirty-four packages of Chinese chow were
seized yesterday by order of Acting Customs
Surveyor Pt. John as it was being landed from
the steamer Umatilla- The stuff afr\\ ed
two weeks aso on the City of Pueblo from
Vancouver and was denied a landing by the
Federal quarantine officer. It as _ sn ]P^
back to Vancouver and thence by the Canadian
Pacific Railway to Sumas, from which point
it was sent to Seattle as domestic produce.
Van Geisen's Slayer Acquitted.
AUBURN, July 1.— Ed Enos. a hal..
breed Indian, who shot and killed Lorenzo
Van Geisen, a prominent Clipper Gap
rarcher on May 4 last, was found not
guilty tnis n morning. The trial has been
long and hotly contested. Self-defense
was the defendant's plea.
THE SAK FBAKpISCO^(^LI^';:jFUESI)AY; : ;.:;JlJLY, • 2, 1901. r
BAKERSFIELD, July 1.— The .: County
Assessor has turned his assessment book3
over to the Supervisors. He has not com
pleted footings, but approximately ; the
total assessed valuation of .; property in
this county Is $20,000,000, an Increase! of
$5,000 ,000: over, last. year. The increase is'
due to oil development.
WOODLAND, July 1.— Footings of the
assessment roll show, the total valuation
of property, exclusive of the railroad as
sessment, .to be,. $15,010,330. This is a fall-'
ing off from, last year's assessment of
$379,189, due principally to the decrease in'
the amount of .wheat- stored in- ware
houses. . ' ¦•.-:''
STOCKTON/ July 1.— The assessment
roll of San Joaquin County this year foots
up $29,864,768, which is $64,000 less than last
year, owing to reduced values of grain
on the first Monday. of last March, ami
the cutting off of railroad lines, which are.
now completed;, and will, this year be as
sessed. by- the State Board and -do not
now appear, in ¦; the -county valuation.
Stocks of grain were larger than last
year, but the reduced, value when the as
sessment was made wag $450,000. on ac
count of > prices.' ; Then there is a reduc
tion of $94,000 for churches, which are now
exempt. A large .-• increase ; was , made . in
dairy herds and farms, showing a grow
ing Industry, the increase in dairy, cows
alone being '$61,000. ' . ',. . :.
VISALTA, July 1.— The assessment roll
Special Dispatch to The Call.
the Kern County Val
uations. ' : ';l /:''
PROGRESS IS SHOWN
IN ASSESSMENT ROLLS
Increase / of Five Millions in
school, was the first witness called and
Miss Coleman, teacher of. the eighth
grade, was the second. . Both teachers told
how the. principal had not ordered them
to leave "Thanatopsis" and "Snowbound"
out of the course of study, for those two
poems were the ones upon which the pu
pils had failed and which It was charged
had never been taught to the children.
They also told how many times Miss Mc-
Kenzie visited their classrooms and what
lessons she gave. Then followed through
the -remainder of- the morning and the
greater part of the afternoon parents and
pupils. They told how the children had
done well in the school until they reached
the eighth grade, where they failed of
promotion into 1 the high school. There
.was also a great deal said about the lack
of reports made by the teachers and the
principal to the parents, all of which was
directed ; toward showing that the par
ents were not kept informed of the stand-
Ing of their children. That ended the
case against Miss McKenzie.
The defendant was then called to the
stand. With her she brought several
typewritten pages, which at the first
question from her attorney she com
menced to read. Three or fpur of the
pages were read before the board decided
that the statement was more in the na
ture of 'argument than testimony, and
consequently it was ordered filed without
further reading. . .
Miss McKenzie's testimony went to
show that she had kept as close to the
course of study as her pupils would allow.
She said the pupils of her school are in a
great proportion of foreign families, anil
that they hear but little English at home;
consequently they are backward in that
study in school and when it came to the
high school examinations that included
matter the teachers had' not been able to
reach those children failed .absolutely.
Miss McKenzie referred to the course of
study where it warns teachers against
hurrying through without regard to thor
oughness, and also where it declares that
circles, one of the principal subjects . of
the recent conferences between • Cardinal
Gibbons, Archbishop Chapelle. and I Cardi
nal Rampolla was how' to devise means
for counteracting the Spanish sympa
thies of the priests in Cuba and the
Philippines. It is said that : the , United
States, through Cardinal ¦ Gibbons, re
quested that the necessary measures . be
taken to secure the Immigration of Dutch,
Belgian, French and - American clergy
men to Cuba and the Philippines In order
to gradually dilute the pro-Spanish prin
ciples of the priesthood. It Is added that
the suggestion was favorably received at
the Vatican.
Vatican Requested by United States
to Secure Immigration of Amer
ican Priests to Cuba.
ROME, July 1.— According to Vatican
SYMPATHIES OF CLERGY
ARE WITH THE SPANISH
"WASHINGTON, July 1.— Secretary
Hitchcock has decided that there is no
authority of law permitting a delay un
til October 1 In the opening of ttie Wich
ita Indian reservation in Oklahoma', as
desired by certain .cattle interests.
The Secretary's announcement followed
a hearing which he had given to repre
sentatives of the lessees and of companies
which had loaned money on reservation
cattle owned by the lessees.. The cattle
men have paid the money up to the 1st of
October and say an injustice would . be
done them if the reservation should be
opened at the date proposed. There was a
full and free discussion, but the Secretary
did not feel that he had authority to
grant the delay asked for. 'While he has
announced no formal decision in the mat
ter, his views are to the effect stated, and
preparation will be made for opening the
lands for settlement next month.
Secretary Hitchcock Decides Against
Granting the Delay Desired by
• ;%V'.v Cattle Interests. } : *pM
OPENING OF WICHITA
INDIAN RESERVATION
THE trial of Miss M." McKenzie.
principal of the Hancock Gram
mar School,' commenced before
the Board of Education yesterday
morning. It ran along through
the business hours of the day and finally
adjourned to be taken up again on the
morning of July 12.
The parents of a number of unpromoted
pupils have made charges of incompe
tence, of inattention to duties, of unfltness
to teach, of awarding medals where no
award should have' been made and of re
fusing to stick to the course of study
against Miss McKenzie, and the board is
trying to find out what the charges are
based upon. .
R.-W. Campbell represented MIes Mc-
Kenzie in the examination ye<>*erday.
Thomas D. Aitken represented ie dis
pleased parents and Director Casse iy pre
sided.
With a deElre to get down to business
at once,. Mr. Casserly called Miss McKen
zie as the first witness, but her counsel
refused to allow her to go on the stand.
He said Miss McKenzie was present to
answer charges made against her, not to
prove them. He suggested that the
charges first be made and proved by the
complainants and then when the time for
the defense came he would put, Mips Mc-
Kenzie on the stand for examination and
cross-examination.
This aspect of the situation rather stag-'
gered the board, and when Campbell
further declared that the charges had not
been properly brought and moved that
because of that fact they be dismissed,
the board went so far as to take a vote
on the proposition and decide that the
charges were good enough to work on
anyway.
Teachers Testify.
Charles W. Moores, vice president of the
"When the Hall of Justice was complet
ed last year It was found necessary by
the Board j of Public "Works to provide
power for" running the electric elevators.
No contract had been let by the Super
visors for electric power, and an arrange
ment was made with the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company to provide this
service until 'July 1, 1901, at" the rate of 5
cents per kilowatt hour. :
, , It was claimed by ' the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company at that time
that the cost of placing the necessary
wires, meters and appurtenances in the
Hall of Justice would be in excess of the
amount of money which it wonld . receive
under the contract. •¦;¦' •
;; On Saturday last the manager of the
electric department; of the San Francisco
Gas and v Electric ''-;, Company informed
the Board of Public • "Works that ¦ the In
dependent Light and Power Company had
cut. the wires of i the former company
.which provided: the power for these ele
vators in the Hall of Justice.;
I The matter was examined into. by Light
and Water ' Inspector , Tupper , and after
an explanation by | the Independent Light
and Power. Company to the effect that It
deemed that the contract which had been
awarded , It for the lighting of -public
buildings included the furnishing of power
for the same,. he decided, the act Justifia
ble. >;¦ .- : ." ¦ ¦ ¦ :¦•-.• \ ..""
>' This statement was considered satlsfac
tory'by.the Board of Public Works.
of Tulare County for the current year
wae completed to-day." It shows the num
ber, of acres of land assessed 'to be 1,397,
944: > value '¦ of •¦• improvements, \ $1,055,000, - a
gain over last year. of $80,000 rvalue of per
sonal-property; $1,902,700.. a. gain over last
year.- of $350,000; number of horses in the
county, 7970; « mules,: 1910;. cattle, 26,547;
sheep, 1 46,060.
dent Light and Power Company
: Meets Approval.
Flank Movement Made by Indepen-
CUTS ELECTRIC WIRES
OF RIVAL CORPORATION
.McKenzie said that is absolutely in the
hands of the principal, and so far as she
is concerned- the medals had always been
properly awarded. There was a good deal
more said about the reports of the chil
dren, the gist of which was that Miss
McKenzie believed such matters to be the
duty of the teachers, and they should at
tend to the reports without supervision.
As some of the Directors are going out
of town and as there will be a cross-ex
amination of Miss McKenzie, it was de
cided to adjourn the investigation until
July 12 at 10 o'clock, on which date it
will be' taken up and finished.
Miss McKenzie said also that her school
was in such a shape that she could not
devote- much of her time to 'the higher
grades, and that consequently they were
left almost entirely to the vice principal
and the class teachers. She said that out
of 195 school days since December she has
taught a class as a substitute forty-five
days. This, she said, was an injustice to
her and to the school. In September, 1900.
she complained to the Superintendent of
some of the teachers and asked for relief,
but it was some time in coming. She
read a copy of a letter she had sent to
Superintendent Webster, and for a time
it looked as if he was going to be called
upon to explain why it was he did not
bring the letter before the board, but it
was shown that he brought the substance
of It to the Directors' notice and the mat
ter passed.
About the neglect to teach "Thanatop
sis" and "Snowbound" in the course in
English, Miss MeKenzie said -she was as
surprised as any one when, a few days
before the close of school,' she learned
that the two poems had not been reached
by the upper classes. She expected that
her teachers would reach them, and she
was disappointed when they did not.
Regarding the award, of medals. Miss
Acted as Substitute,
the change from a nine-year grammai
school course to one of eight years mus
be made gradually. -
THE ACCUSED PRINCIPAL AND THE TEACHERS OF HER. HIGHEST TWO CLASSES IN THE HANCOCK
SCHOOL. MISS McKENZIE IS BEING TRIED ON A NUMBER OF CHARGES BROUGHT BY PARENTS OF
PUPILS IN HER SCHOOL. t . ' .'¦
9
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE ' •-
Springfield
Fire and Marine Insurance Company
OF SPRINGFIELD. IN THE STATE OF
Massachusetts, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber A. D. 1900, and for the year endlny on
that day. as made to tbe Insurance Commls-
,?oner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed a. per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
A^.^^^..^..y". < y..»»uooLflo»«o
J ASSETS. ~T~~~~
Real Estate owned by Company I L 2 ! > 255 S2
Loans on Bonds and Mortwes...... 616.800 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company.......... 3.723.694 00
Amount of Loans se<2"*5 by vMko
¦ of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 40.52S M
Cash in Company's Office H.J.9 70
Cash In Banks •• •• I 9 ". 562 ra
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Ix>ans.....^..i.... i ...... M.M3 36
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1S,«12 77
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
ij n - ,...»•••«••••••••• 331, N)Z 6.'
tion .....••• •
Rents due and accrued....... W4 17
Due from other Comnanlw for rein-
eurance on losses already paid 1.939 19
Total Assets • $5.159.623 47
LIABILITIES. ~~
losses adjusted and unnald 163.667 72
Losses ¦ in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense ......................... iu»,;wh 03
Losses resisted. Including expenses... , 20.350 94
Gross premiums en Fire R'"** jun-
ninjr one year or less. $1,378,539 5$:
reinsurance 50 per CMit.............. 684.269 79
Grosd premiums on Fire Rlskj rirn-
ninir more than one year. $1,732,-
702 05: reinsurance pro rata 8S5,o03 00
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 73.300 S3
Total Liabilities ..'. .$1.840.480 06
INCOMK. " —
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums , .--$1,942,820 &
R»/.eIv<»d for interest on Bonds and t - •- mmm --
Recelvd 'or Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources I50.1J2 7(>
Received for Rents t 4.fc>3 3o
Total Income • .12.129.421 21
' 17XPF,NT>TTDR'ES. ~
Net amount r>»W tor Ffre Lospes (In- ,
cludinsr $1159.717 17, losses of V*-
vious vears^ $1,!«.7«7 ?«
Dividends to Stnekhold-rs 130.000 00
P»«d «r nllowed for Commission or . "
<Brokera«r» 354,910 29
. Pa'd for ! P»i!ar»»«. Fees and other ¦
chanres for officer*, clerks, etc.... 110,743 57
P»id for State. National and Local
Taxes •- • M.»3 W
AH other payments and expenditures 213.817 51
Total Expenditures .$2.©64.46; 73
. -''¦ >i^ : i''i> ':."'- V-> : ' . FlrST"
Losses incurred during the year. $1.1S2.4«9 94
Risks and: Premiums. I Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks] j
written during thet I
year...... ...J $238,949,609 I $2,543,613 63
Net amount of Rlskst • •¦ I .
, expired during thel I
; year . I ¦: 202,670.909 1 2.158.939 00
N»t amount • in forcel I
December 21. 1900..... I 307.K8.6S7 I 3.111.241 63
' - ¦ :¦¦ A. W. DAMOV, President.
W. J. MACK AT. Secretary.
Subscribed . and >wom to . before me. this 23d
day of January J101. ¦ ¦
P. S.. BAILEY. Notary Public.
STATEMENT
CONDITION" AND AFFAIRS
—OP .THE
National Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFOKD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
necUcut. on the 31st day of December A
D. 1300. and for the year endlngr on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of th»
State of California, pursuant to ta« provis-
ions of sections 610 and 611 , of the Political
Code, condensed aa per blank furnished by th»
Commissioner.
CAPITAL. .
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np in
I Cash «.«XM><» 0ft
ASSETS.
¦R*al Estate own#d by Company $331.7*4 «4
Loans on Bonds and Morttrasres 708 S15 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned bv. Company 3.175.W M
rash In Company s Office ;.... 545 9^
Cash In Banks * 28S 594 15
Promiums in due Course ¦ of Collec-
Uon 488971 M
Total Assets S4.993.O2 M
¦ LIABILITIES,
lessees Mdjuntpd and urmaH S84 7SS M
Lrtsse* In process of Adjustment or
In Suspen«p ].¦?? mk y»
Losses reacted. Including •xnenses " 22 737 n
Gross premiums on Fire *»**» run-" ¦"!*«-
nine one year- or less, n 893 454 23-
reinsurance Wl p^r cent .' 94« 732 «
Gmxs premium* on Tin Risk* run-
ilntr more than one year $2 119 -
Ml 99: reinsurance pro rata...'...:. l.iwt m *\
All other liabilities.... la.m 64
Total Liabilities $2,458,313 K7
INCOME.
Net ca«h actually received for Fire
premium* ..: f* 733 <D(? it
R.^ !v( .d for interest on Bonds and
Mort«-j»sres 4194191
Rece«vp«1 for lnt»re*t and dividend*
on Bnnd». Stocks. Loans, and from
all oth?r source* l«» t«* »t
¦Received for Rents s'iv* m
Received from all other sources. Ill tTXl 73
Total Income 12.932.473 «i
~-~
HIXPENTJIT U RES.
Not « mount raid tor Fins Losse*
flnclndinjr $1*4,198 43. losses of
previous ream) It K?i iu «••
nividends to Stockholders......."""* 'im m to
P»W or allowed for Commission or
¦Prok»rafr« 487 903 2t
Pa«d for S*alari»«. Keen, and other
chanres for ofn>em. clerks. e»e.... 183.241 it
PMd for State. National and Local
taxes 94 54113
AU other payments and expendi-
tnres 3S3-J4S1?
Total Expenditures $2,743. J13 *»
Lo««e»i Incurred rturtn* tn» y»ar H.5(n.K17 M
Risks and Premlonn. I Fire Risks. I Premiums.
______^ _ | ____^_^ m . *
Net amount of Risks? |
wrltt-n durln? thel I
Tfar v— | $380,428,541 I $3,831,383 »1
Net Amount sf Rixks! f
*jmlv*d during thel I
year J 80o.568.17T I 2.SS4.34S 19
TC»t amount tn force! I
December 31. 1W0...J 401,467 Sff7 I 4.(513.046 73
' JAMES NT^TTnTJJ. President
B. R. STTT.LMAN'. S«<-r*tarv.
Subsrri'hed and r»nm to before me. thin 14th
day of .l»»i)anr. i*»t.
TTMSP B. SEYMOUR. Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT, |§|
S. E. Corner Bush and Sansome Sts,,
SAN FRANCISCO, GAL.
GEO. D. DORNIN, . ¦ GEO. W. DORNIN,
- - - Manager. .-'"¦¦- - ¦ ¦ • Ass't Manager.
.£ City Agcncj", 209 SansomcStrcctfSan Francisco,
H. C. AHPEL & CO., Agents.
worked its way to
lie front, and is now known in every city, town and hamlet in the country. Its
staunchest friends arc those who have known it longest and have witnessed its
wonderful curative powers in their own families or among their . friends and
acquaintances. Grateful patients in all parts of the country tell of their restoration
to health and happiness, and the testimony of these is the highest evidence of the
medicine's ¦worth. S. S. S. is more popular today than ever in. its history — no
other remedy stands so high, has ever given such perfect satisfaction or is so
reliable in the cure of Cancer, Rheumatism, Catarrh, Contagious Blood Poison,
Scrofula, Eczema, Psoriasis, Salt Rheum, Acne, or any disease that originates in
the blood- Being strictly a vegetable preparation, you will find it agrees with you
much better than a drug store concoction or any of the widely advertised potash
and mercury remedies, which affect the bones, muscles and stomach, causing
_ _ - _ „ '«..'- Rheumatism or Dyspepsia. If you
gJOn't Experiment— have never tried S. S. S., you will be
b r» c* r» surprised at the immediate good effects,
iS3sCG Sm Sm Sm for no sooner does it get into the circulation than the
appetite increases; you grow stronger, and gradually
but surely it drives out the poisons and restores the blood to a healthy condition.
If there is a sore or ulcer on the body, it begins to heal around the edges, the dis-
charge finally ceases and the place gets -well ; muscular and bone pains vanish, and
the skin is relieved of all itching, irritating eruptions. Nervous, run down and
anaemic people will find S. S. S. just the medicine they need, for blood poverty
and illy nourished nerves are responsible for their condition. For old people and
children S. S. S. has no equal; being free from all minerals, it does not nauseate
or have any injurious effect whatever, and keeps the blood in good condition, thus
f ortif yin» against disease. Experience teaches what is good and what is not good ;
this applies particularly to medicine, and S. S. S., a remedy that has retained the
confidence of the people for nearly 50 years, must have merit — IT cures, is the
secret of its success. When you call for S. S. S. _jr*ti_
don't be persuaded to accept something else — if l ** g J**fr
there is no substitute for S..S. S. It is the only J f"^^ M £
guaranteed purely vegetable blood purifier, and X^ 1^-^ .^J^*^
the safest and best for all blood. and skin
troubles. Do not let them force an inferior fr^ 3 J I^^^J 1 K^^r M
mineral remedy on you because there is a larger 4^/^~^#
profit in it. If you have any blood or 6kin dis- m^^. m^^
ease, don't hesitate to write us about it; our physicians will carefully consider
your case and advise you without charge. Book on Blood and f kin Diseases free.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, QA.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY^ OTLY 2, 1901.
10
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, .
BUSINESS OFFICE of Tto« San Francisco
C«n. corner of Market and Chlrd streets; open
cntll 12 o'clock every ni«ht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street.
• corner Clay; open until 8:30. p. m.
SCO Hayes street, open until 9:S0 p.-xn.
•38 McAllister street; open until 1:80 p. m.
«15 Lsrkla street; open until 9:S0-p. m..
:94l Mission street: open until 10 P- ™-
22€l Market etre«t. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. ra.
106 Eleventh street; open until » p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet; open i:ntll 9 p. m-
Northw«>et corner Twenty-second anS Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2290 Fillrnore gtr^et; open until 9 P;,,"^— .
MEETING KOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. :. •*•-
T.. S Post st.— Special assembly THIS TaUT*
? TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. [CJ
Order of Malta. All fraters courteously
invited. By order of the Commander.
. HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. S, R. A. M., •
* will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-^f\^
ING, July 2, at 7:30 o'clock. Stated T&2T
meeting and R. A. degree. By order / ? i
of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. & A. »~~
M.— The officers and members of the J±
above named lodge are hereby notified JfV
to attend the funeral of our late broth-
«r. N«wton "Wright -in King Solomon's Hall.
Masonic Temple. THIS DAY (TUESDAY).
July 2, lain, at 2 o'clock p. in. Master
MaunT^ and friends of the deceased are In-
vited. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. By
crder of the Master,
FRANKLIN H. PAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 80. F. & A. m
M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. 7W\
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary. '^T A
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. & A. M.. at
121 Eddy Bt— Stated meeting THIS^%^
(TUESDAY) EVENING. S o'clock. XT
GEORGE PENLIXGTON. Sec /^T >
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. & A. M.— m
Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) .»#V«
EVENTXG at 8 o'clock. jSjf
'¦ m A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. *V>
A. O. H., Division No. 2 — The regular &_-s#S^
monthly meeting of this division will \-\\v/
be held at Hlbernia Hall. 120 Ninth si\M
ft. on TUESDAY. July 2. 1901. atofvia
7:30 p. m. . ir^Sab
JOHN KENNY, President
T. tc CLANCY. Secretary. . (
FOURTH of July. Shell Mound v O'Nj.
Park, , Berkeley— Great gathering A QtwH/5
and gsniet of the San Francisco
Scottish Thistle Club. Oreat event '"fc29 1 ** i
J3COO in - cash prizes. Elegant and costly ;
medals for amateurs. Games open to all
comers. Phenomenal exhibition oi strength
by leading athletes cf the world. Special
events for members of Pacific Athletic Asso-
ciation. Picturesque Highland dancing. Ex-
citing bicycle and foot racing. Amusing
clov.-n, barrel, three-legged, obstruction and
eaek races. Great Irish Jig and reel, cake-
wtflk and buck and wing dancing contests. ¦
Grand open-air concert and fireworks at
nitht. Dancing both day and night in pa-
viclins. Highland welcome to all. Admis-
sion <day). adults 50c. children 25c; (night).
tic and 10c. Buy yoar ferry tickets for Shell
Mound. GEORGE MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSOX. Recorder.
ASPHAX.TUM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt' roofing, sidewalks re-
palred: postal. 1136 Mission: teL Folsom 160".
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Jgarkefccor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market «t opp. Mason.
L, S. CLARK. Emma Spreekels bldg.. 927 Mar-
k«>t ft: consultation fr«*; no fees in advance.
BOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month; best
csre;sunny yardmr.scnool:reasonable-1607 Cal.
BOOK-S—^!*EAV J^SD OLTK
BOOKS of every kind bought TeL Red 295«.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-70S Mission st
3CSI.VESS CHAXCES.
A-I2200-, ROADHOUSE. -with 11 furnish, roams,
kitchen, etc; karn; large yard; about 8 miles
from city; a Business paying Al. and well
known. R_ C WTLKE. 26% Keamy st_
A— $1500-; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
black south of Market st; daily receipts from
$W up; clearing about $<00 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Keamy Et
.A— SZoC- SALOOX vctth 3£ furnished rooms: $350
cas'i. balance on tirngT rent $60; located
ro-drth et Call R. G. WILKE, 26& Kearny.
A— FRUIT and vegetable £tore_Jrith 4 rooms;
rent $35; on Sutter st: price (600; business
clearing above $1jO per month. B- G. WILKE.
26'a Kearny Et.
A— $250; DELICACY Etore and tirar.ch bakery.
n-jth 3 living rooms; rent SJ1S; kept by owner
• 11 years: choice buFiness location. Particulars
R_ G. WILKE. 261,6 Kearny Et _^
A— J750: SALOON: no lx-tter located place In
this city; rent $50-. place clears easily $150
per menth; no night ¦work. See R. G.
WILXE. 26i,4 Kearoy et. '
SS2S — Chicken ranch. 1600, cbickens, good house.
H500 — Liquor store; fine corner, neu Market.
i350— Coal and wood yard; good bus; low rent.
J1250— Grocery & bar; est 9 jts;' 4 living nns.
J 350— Bakery; 6 living rooms; cheap rent
J5C0 — Grocery, fruit: cor. store- no opposition.
We have some very genuine business oppor-
tunities well worth irrvesllEatlon.
WALTER HAYES & CO.., i3S Market et
TOU can be suited In any kind of business by
calling at office.
G. W. SCHWEIXHARD. S17 Market st, near
Kifth. Phone Mint 1S1L V
IF you want to invest any money in any sale
Investment the Business Board, 326 Pine st,
has a grar.d selection; a full guarantee will
be given to all_who invest
$1000 — CAJCDY store and factory: banjain; sick-
ness cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777^ Market Bt
OFFICE— Real estate office for e&le. JOSEPH
BAILIE. 759 Market et ,
T/OTTNG man wants to sen goods, for manu-
facturer or Jobber; will travel at his own
expense; can Invest small capital. Box 4310,
Call office.
$200— PARTNER wanted In light business: $15
to CO a week each; trial given: no experience j
requi'rTL 25 Geary St., room L ;
2 YEARS established; ladies' tailoring; good
stand; reasonable; account of sickness. 2107
Killmore Et
MAX wishes engagement to walk on water;
money maker; silent partner wanted. Box
-S47C. Call office.
FOR sale— Large route on this paper, SiO
names; easy terms. Box 4313, Call office.
|S50 — PARTNER wanted In printing; paying;
established business; double value In sight;
owner wishes to enlarge; investigation so-
licited. Address box 4304. Call office.
$150 BUYS a well-paying delicatessen store; on
account of departure; rent, with 2- livin™'
rooms, $15. 39a Sixth st.
tWO— RESTAURANT; good location; splendid
chance for man and wife; rent J15; receipts
SIS to $24 dally; reason for selling, wish to
engage in other business. 17 Thirtieth st
•DO ACRES of ccal land; mines open; price $40
per acre; a chance for a great fortune; sam-
ple sacks to be seen at our office. Call or
adgrc-gs MEISTER & OLCOVICII. 312 Davis.
SALOON for sale — Centrally located on Market
et; dissolution of partnership: great bargain.
F. C. CASTELHUN. 323 Montgomery st,
rooms 3-4. ¦ -:T; -^ ;.
8700— PARTNER In butter business; large re-
turns; Jlrbt work; investigate this. Box 34S2
CalL
OUR telegraph tips on Eastern races are wln-
ners. 937 Market et. room 116.
MILK depot for eale cheap. Corner Fifth and
Clara ets.
GOOD opening for barber shop and baths in
hotel; also tailor. 718 Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
OD-ROOM house; clears $200 J2CO0
84-room boarding-house 7500
70 rooms; country hotel and bar 300
g rooms, en Mission st 250
10-room corner flat t'Ji'
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
10 rooms, on Eddy st 400
•22 rooms, on Market st 1700
S3 rooms; corner 1S00
Jo rooms. In Oakland 450
18-room bouse; sure to clear 1109..... 700
28 rooms: all rented: clears $175 2000
2C rooms; elegant corner; clears $150 ; 1900
21 rooms; fine and sunny; clears £140 1200
10 rooms; very central; on Taylor et 400
16 rooms; near Eddy ft.- new furniture.. 1250 !
r,00 other houses, from $50 to nff,000.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market Bt.. opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN — Money to loan. 719 Mar-
ket #*.: by Call bldg.: tel. Black 1803. ,
20 rooms: 3 years' lease; rent $35 ...$425
100 rooms; average Income $12C0 month; my '¦
best money-making proposition COO *
f.-room flat; rent $18; 2 r. rented for $15.. 200 ¦
16 rooms: owner occupies double parlors; %
cash; bal. install.; Income $100 830 '
85 rooms; fine; brand new; AL .........<
CO rooms; elegant; rent $100; clears $200.. 5000 ,
THE largest and best list of lodging-house*
and hotels can be found at office of -
O. W. ECHWEINHARD. ]
No. 917 Market ft (near Fifth st.).
Phone Mint 1S1L
I LOPGIIf G _ HO * TSB _,^ Jl^PJ^ SALE Con.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
i '.." 850 Market st and 8 Stookton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328,
If you have hotel, rooming house or buslnesi
to sell list with us. We have cash customer!
for all sizes and prices. ¦ See list of bargains.
45 r. ; rent $160; good, perm., trans. ; Al loc. .$230C
39 r.; rent $125; oak fur.; 1st fl. offles; Mkt. 225(
34 r.; rent $110; good loc.; fur., crp. clrs. $150 250C
16 r. ; rent $45; good fur., carp.; sunny 85C
18 r.; rent $85; good fur., carp; large yard.. 125(
12 r.; rent $53; new fur.; clears $55 135C
I 23 r. ; rent only $75; good fur. car. & loc. off. 160(
We have over 500 houses listed. Call before
buying; money loaned on deferred' payments;
1& per cent.
FISHER & CO
...935 Market: phone Folsom 1342
75 rooms; price $5000 42 rooms; price $3S0(
26 rooms; price 1900 30 rooms; price.... 225C
22 rooms; elegant; rent only $60: price.... 150(
14 rooms; handsome; rent only $60; price.. 75(
We have over 300 more, any location, kind oi
price, at bargains and hurried sales. •
~ ~ ATTENTION. BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and - pay- for it
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 MARKET ST.
20 rooms; asking $500; make offer; sacrifice.
S3 rooms; corner; part cash.. $1800
B6 rooms; rent $100; a money-maker 2100
20 rooms; large yard; rent $75 1500
500 other houses from 4 to 200 rooms.
$375— LODGING-HOUSE, 10 rooms; furnished.
S64H Mission st. ¦
* SPIRITPALISBl.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues.. Fri.. 8 p. m.. 50c; you can speak
to your spirit friends face to faoe and recog-
nize them; give names; has received medals
from many countries; taken last world's re-
cord medal at Paris Fair. 1084 Bush; tel.
2275 Larkln. ¦
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore: oil locations; •medical clairvoyant:
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough: Ellls-
st. car; sit. $1: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461. •
RESUMED business— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
¦world-renowned spiritual medium; advice in
all affairs In life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths:
unites the separated: mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun. v Wed.. Fri. eve.: letters answered.
Residence (no signs). 3S McAllister st
JOHN SLATER— Circles 25c, Mon. & Fri. eves.,
8:15; Wed. afternoon, 2:45; sittings dally, 10
to 4, except Sun. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. EBERHARDTS spiritual test meeting,
3250 Twenty-second st, between Mission and
Valencia, 8 p. m.; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c. 2fi2 Minna st, near Fourth.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings, 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; 50c. 215 Lvworth.
MATERIALIZING seance to-night; no seance
4th; reading daily. Arnold Dickson. 143 Sixth.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night, 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
Mrs. Harland's dr., 8 p. m.; also Wed.; written
question ans.. 10c; readings, 50c, $1; 148 6th.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c. 14$ Sixth et., 2d floor.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist palm-
ist and card reading, 25c 1241H Market st
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis— Readings dally:
seance Sun.. Tues. &nd Thurs. TeL Polk 1601.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
X^LINCOLN ¦"cl'aStOYANT AND
HIGH PSYCHIST
He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
etc.. without asking a single question: cures
diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make yourself
lucky; reunites the separated; makes hannonv
in your home; gives accurate advice on all
business affairs investments, mining, oil; read-
ings by mail ; send stamps for terms.125 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
NAA11AX, Russian seer anfl palmist, satisfies
when others fail, all affairs life, business or
diFeaw; no charge unless perfect satisfaction.
326 O'Farrell st; hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p*. m.
KNOW your fate: Mm*. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny: never
falls; Coc and. 50c 1205 Mission St.. cor. 8th.
Mrs. Dr. Sayler. queen of clairvoyants & palm-
ists: names and dates; L. 25c; G. 50c; mall $L
lsllii MaTket op. Van Ness; teL Mint 1095.
MRS- DR. VALEEN. clalr.. palmist; advice on
all affairs; messages from departed friends:
teacher cf personal magnetism. 1523H Market.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmirt. permanently located 1148 Market, op.
Cth; private readings daily. 10 a- m. to 5 p. m.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives names, facts, da tes;satisf action by mall;
Inclose stamp. 13S2 Market op. Odd Fellows.
MME. WALTERS, rreat card reader; ladles 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th: open Sundays.
Mrs. Mallory, clairvoyant card reader: when oth-
ers fall consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c. 917 Howard,
MME. BERNARD. 17 3d st.. gone on vacation;
•will return Boon: watch paper for ad.
MME SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44S# Jessie St.. bet Sth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
adr''*«v rsmM e1v*>n: 25<* im. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET I1EATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become dlffrusted with poor work
send to SPA ULD ING'S ploueer Carpet- Beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
BEATING. Sc: laying. Sc- renovating. 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. I7C3 Harrison; tel. Mission 263. .
CO>;KLIN*S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.:' telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
teL Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
JONES & CO.'. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 23-27 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 1061 J
CITY Steam ' Carpet- Beating Works-. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 33-40 Sth st. ; tel. South 25a
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-^
vatlng Co... 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74:
CARPETS cleanefl at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON". a Eighth St.: telephone Jegsle 944.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chll-
blalnp; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
CAPABLE chiropodist; references. Box 4338,
Call office.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successfuL Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO
TO let— Nice cottage of 6 rooms and "bath;
large earden. Inquire at 1104 Valencia St.,
near Twenty-second.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plat«j our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2.
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and ' guaranteed ; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
60c; plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 23c.
AT Ideal Dtntal Co.. 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
DR. R. L.WALSH.815% Geary.nr.Larkin— Paln-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up ;phonePolkllS5.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
30c. N. Y. Dentists. BC9 Mission st.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings 'and Sun-'
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth./v
SET of feth without plate. DR. H G
YOUNG. 1241 Polk st. .
DETECTIVE AGENCIES. .
McCABE*S Detective Agency handles all legi-
timate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
room!" 823-324. Ran Francisco: tel. South 38L
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Military School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Port, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electrlc-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & IC's Electric Sanitarium. S Mason.
__ : J_; -''y- ;-JpDPCATIOyAL.-\
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter.' teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
3c eve.; bookkeeping,' shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; individual
Instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.,
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
6Chool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ACTING, elocution, 'specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
¦lng, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mining,mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, n« City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis, bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. ' San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market j st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
.college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR. exp. aoct. 220 Parrott bldg.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post at.. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
PROF. L. MERKI, successful teacher of violin.
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission st, nr. 6th.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; dajy or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EXPERT OFTICIAK. : .
IT IS DANGEROUS to wear glasses that have
been prescribed by an unqualified optician.
If your eyesight is falling, or If your eyes
trouble you in any way, give me a call. Ex-
amination free. ¦
F. MAYERLE, • . :
German expert optician and graduate of Chi-
cago Ophthalmic College. Note address, 1032
Market st, San Francisco.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help >of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servanta GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 f ost st. ; tel. Bush 135. ¦
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
CHINESE and ' Japanese employment office —
Best help. 411>b O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS second girl desires situation in
- country; ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wants a position at
the springs.' MISS CULLEN, 335 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook deeires situation;
best city ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
ALL-ROUND cook and male help; can take
chefs place or full charge of kitchen; English.
French or German cook; first-class pastry;
first-class hotel reference. 242 Natoma st.
A NICE girl wants a situation as chamber-
maid or to do some plain sewing; city refer-
ence. Call at 1535 Mission st., near 12th.
COLORED : woman wishes situation as cook
and general girl. Apply 909 Jackson st.
A GERMAN woman, middle aged, who under-
stands sewing, wishes an engagement in
small family, or lady; good ref erence. . 7S5
Stevenson st. —
COMPETENT German woman wants place to
caH for invalid lady or confinement cases.
Box 3535, Call office.
RELIABLE young woman wishes position;
general housework; references given. Please
call at 549 Foleom st.
RELIABLE woman, elderly, wishes situation
in American family to do housework or care
of children; wages moderate; references. Box
4316, Call office. -
SMART woman wants work by the day, wash-
Ing, ironing or housecleanlng. 225 Fourth
st. room 4.
WANTED— A position as managing housekeep-
er by a competent woman; has a little girl;
good references. Call at 1027& Market St.,
room 9.
¦WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c. to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and > from ferry.
MISS GILLIGAN'S dressmaker ' tailor system
taught. 10 Metcalf place, near Mason st., off
Geary.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York,
engagements for $2 the day. Apply
'MRS. N. WAHLQUIST. 509 Kearny st.
GERMAN girl wants a situation in a private
family. Apply 2107 Hearst ave., Berkeley.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 22fJ Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at 1096
Valencia st.
EMfrLO YMENT WANTED — MALE.
COMPETENT bookkeeper and accountant, good
penman/ wishes permanent position, or will
take short .sets, pay by the hour; salary
moderate. .Address H., 501 Call building.
POSITION wanted by young man as Janitor or
porter: 5 years' experience: references: be
content with small salary. Box 4312, Call.
A YOUNG man wishes employment of any
kind; sober and reliable; references. Box
4311. Call office. • rt\
YOUNG man, four years'" experience as ship-
ping clerk, wants position of any kind. Box
4309, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as machinist:
understands all kinds of sewing machines:
knowledge of cycles;, town or country. Box
3449. Call office.
YOUNG barber, -age 16, five months' experi-
ence, wants work at trade; city or country;
wages $4 weekly the first six months. Box
3199. Call office.
GOOD cook and baker wants situation in ho-
tel or boarding-house in city or country. C2
Second St., room 14.
STEAMBOAT men; will pay bonus for Job as
assistant steward on deep-water ship; have
been to sea before. Please address E N
Winchester House, Third St., San Francisco.
CONFECTIONER and ornamenter wants a po-
sltlon. Address DOO Kearny st.
SITUATION wanted by engineer; 15 years' ex-
perience in the city on Corliss engines, high-
speed and electric machinery, elevators. Ad-
dress box 3455, Call.
COACHMAN engaged for short time seeks en-
gagement with first-class family; good pay;
no gardening; good references. Address
gating terms, box 2265. Call Office. Oakland.
GARDENER, first class,- single, of long experi-
ence In landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouse work wishes a situa-
tion on a private place. Box 3523, Call.
AN experienced oil-well driller wants position-
can give references as to ability. Address
R., room 69, Golden West Hotel: • ¦
¦WANTED — Situation in a grocery or crockery
store: 8 years' experience; good references.
Box 2263. Call office, Oakland.
BARTENDER, experienced, references, wants
place, city or country. Address box 346S, Call.
A FIRST class Chinese cook wishes situation.
Apply at Chong Wing Co., 902 Clay St. - /
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1W8
' Valencia st. ; '
RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows and irfattresses steamed,
renovated. E. J. O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
St.; phone Capp 2632. -¦ - -
. FLATS TO LET. ¦¦ - ~
$1C— SUNNY upper flat, 6 rooms and bath: mod-
ern: 226A Thirtieth bU PATTERSON & CO
11 City Hall ave.
$30—2327 PINE st., near Fillmore; sunny upper
flat, 6 rooms and bath. ASHTON & GARD-
INER, 411 Montffonwry st.
200 NOE st. corner Fifteenth — Fine upper flat, 5
rooms and. bath; rent $22 50; will be put in
first-class condition. ,
$25 — GRAND flat, 6 large sunny rooms; modern
In every respect. 1127 Guerrero st, between
23d and '24th. . . •
1929-33-35 O'FARRELL "st, near Scott— 3 at-
tractlve flats, 5. 6 and. 7 rooms each; rents
reasonable. •.
A — NEW marine view, sunny, 8-rooms, bath.
2414 Van Ness ave., near Union st.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay-window' and bath; $12.
716 Natoma St., bet. Eighth and Ninth.;.
BRUCE place, 14, off Folsom st.,' between Sev-
enth and Eighth— 4 rooms and bath; rent $11/
RENT $22.50— Middle flat of 224 Thirteenth at.,
near Howard; 5 rooms and bath. - '
247 SHIPLEY St.— 4 and - 7 room flats; $10
and $12. ..: v
,$27 50— FLAT. 7 large, sunny -. rooms; garden.
' 1S09 Devisadero st. between Bush and Pine.
" FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
$25— COMPLETELY furnished flat of 5 rooms".
.1018 Church at.^.. . . ' 1 ¦',¦¦
FLATS -WANTED. .:. ¦,>•¦-'.-.'
.WANTED, - by family of 3 adults, carpeted or
furnished flatof 6 or. 7 rooms and bath,' near
Park, or downtown; rent not over $35. -Ad-
dress box 00L Call office.
- 1 ¦ ' : , -'¦¦*¦"¦¦:
-^^;^^FTOyiTiroEjg^R_^SAi.K._
HOWARD, 1109-a rooms and bath, nicely fur-
nished; on account of departure; selling at a
. bargain. . ". - - ,; . -
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50. with -No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
PIANO, carpets, beds and chairs for sale, until
July 3. at hours 9 to 5. 1236 Market, iy.116.
•¦* _: J_ '. FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auctioft Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.* •'
BEFORE of your furniture see
Golden Gat^ Auction Co., 928 Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 694;
- furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. 761 Jessie.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R.' HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 185
• '¦ HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Fancy ironer. Lake Tahoe, fare paid. . — $35
Fancy ironer, summer reeort ...$30
Laundress, summer resort, fare paid $30
2 waitresses, State of Nevada.-fare paid. .$20
10 waitresses, Santa Cruz i $20
2 waitresses, springs i ....:.. '......$20
2 waitresses, summer resort, see party here. $20
Waitress, Colusa. fare paid.... ...$20
Chambermaid to wait, same place. $20
Waitress. Stockton '. .' $20
Waitress, Oroville, fare paid....... $20
Waitress, Lathrop ..; : $20
' t waitresses. Shasta County....... ......'....$20
2 waitresses, summer resort, short distance. $20
Waitress, Redwood City $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, housegirls, second girls, ranch cooks,
nurse girls can obtain i positions In this de-
- partmeiit at wages from' $10 to $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary. st.
A NURSE for an Institution, country, $30;
second cook; Institution, $35; woman dish-
washer, country hotel, $20 and fare paid. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
A— LYDIA FORRESTER, pastry cook, please
call or send address Immediately to C. It.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
3 WAITRESSES, first class commercial hotel,
$25. C. R. HANSEN & 'CO.. 1C4 Geary et.
A-SHAMPOOER - for springs, $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
10 EXTRA waitresses for over the Fourth of
July. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A SEAMSTRESS^ institution, - $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY Phone Main 1375
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
3 waitresses, flrst-class springs, fare paid.. $20
2 waitresses, coast resort, free fare $20
2 waitresses, Lake Tahoe, free fare... $20
6 waitresses, different resorts, fare paid $20
6 waitresses, commercial hotels $25
2 waitresses, Sacramento .' $25
2 waitresses, Marysvllle, fare paid.... $20
12 waitresses, city and country $20 and $25
Extra waitresses $1 and $150 day
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary st.
NEAT young saleslady; no experience neces-
sary; steady position; $7 week; also saleslady
for extra duty; steady work; good wages.
MRS. M. E. DAY 385 Geary st.
WANTED— 3 cooks, no wash, $35; German cook,
$35; 2 laundresses, $30; private family, house-
work, 2 In family. $30, seo lady at 9 a. m. ;
4 second girls, $20, $25; hotel cook, $30; hotel
waitresses. $20, $25, city and resorts; head
waitresses. $25; chambermaids and waitresses,
$20, $25. J. F. CROSETT. & CO.. 316 Sutter.
WANTED— A girl to assist in light housework;
good homo; reference. Call Tuesday between
10 a. m. and 4 p.m., 903 Fillmore st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework; family of
• 2; $12 per month; good home for respectable
girl. 924 Flllmora st.. near McAllister.
$20 — RELIABLE Protestant girl; general house-
. 'work; treated as one of the family, 222
Dolores st., near Sixteenth.
IRONERS. also girls to sew on buttons. G. W.
REYNOLDS, Muslin Underwear, 597 Ml3slon,
cornet Second st. ~ '
WANTED — Woman to cook in small mining
- camp In country. Address box 4314, Call.
COOK and second girl, same house; small
wash; $25 and $20. 1918 Jackson st.
GOOD' sewer wanted in bindery. MYSELL-
ROLLINS CO., '22 Clay st.
A GIRL wanted to work on busheling. ¦ Apply
S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market st.
"WAITRESS wanted. 1428 Market st; must be'
flrBt-class.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. 2824
Pine st. . -
WANTED — Waitress at 209 Jones St., between
Turk and Eddy.
WANTED^-Sale and • cashier lady for restau-
rant and* bakery; call early. 182 Fourth st.
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 313
Third gt. . _^^
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' white
shirts. 635 Valencia.
WANTED— Girls at the Contra C/fsta Laun-
dry, cor. 14th and Kirkham sts., Oakland.
WANTED— Lady typesetters. 1236 Market St.,
room 123.
LADIES wishing to marry send address to
MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis St.; no charges. >
WANTED — Experienced operators on . ladles'
wrappers; electric power: steady work.
MARKS BROS., 1212 Market, st. . .
WANTED— A girl in store who understands
• sewing, and ladles to take sewing home on
skirts. Apply 937 Market st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman for general house-
work; wages $20. 718 Steiner st.
WANTED — Good finisher; steady work on cus-
tom coats. 927 Market St., room 623.
WANTED — Experienced alteration hands on
cloaks and suits; competent to do flrst-class
work. Apply HALE BROS.
WANTED at once — Flrst-claas saleswoman;
must be over 30 and intelligent. Box 34S7,
Call. ' ¦
WANTED— Waist hands and a young girl to
learn dressmaking at MME. NELSON'S. 1017
Geary st. .
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co. '8
overall factory, 32V4 Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. . ' . .
BUTTONHOLE operators to operate on Singer
machine at Levl Strauss & -Co.'s overall fac-
tory. 32^ Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
FINISHERS on coats. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. 541 Market st. :
IRONERS, ?8 p«rweek. Call Tuesday at St
¦ Nicholas Laundry. 3066 Seventeenth st.
APPRENTICE girls for finishing; pay. S. F.
r MFG. CO., 523 Market St.
WOMAN. wanted for housework 3 half-days in
each' week. 622 -Golden Gate>ave.
WANTED— A lady to assist In light housework;
good home. Call after 2 p. m., 116 Taylor -St.,
GIRL for cooking and to assist in housework;
wages $20. 1023 O'Farrell. (
EXPERIENCED " | front hands on negligee
shirts. 27 Jessie St.. fifth- floor. , . 1 ¦ •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Wanted, 1000 men for new railroad work
Teamsters, laborers, choppers; drillers, muck-
¦ ers and tunnelmen for
Ukiah
. . . ; Nevada
' Truckee
'- Coast Road
Chatsworth Park (Big Tunnel)
........Wages from $1 75 to $2 50 a day V?
Free Fare.. ..:;.. .Ship Dally. f. .Free Faie
100 laborers for 'ditch and levee work and
handling cordwood for large 7 company, . $2 to
$2 25 a day; 10 asphalt "miners and laborers,
J2a day and board;. 50 laborers, near city, $2
a day; 6 lumber pliers, $35; edgerman, $50; 2
carpenters, $2 and board ; helper, ?1 25 , and
beard, for a ranch, see boss here; 20 farmers,
milkers and choremen, $35, $30 and $25; chore-
man, springs, $20; man and wife, private
place, . $50
..HOTEL DEPARTMENT...
Second cook, restaurant, $70; second cooks,
fryers and broilers, $65, . $60 and $50; 20 dish-
washers and kitchen hands for springs and
resorts, $25 and $30; 2 dishwashers, watering
resort, . $25 and j fare ' ¦ paid; potwasher,
springs, $25 .....;........
2 waiters, country restaurant. $9 a week, see
party here; 6 • waiters, , country • hotels, $25;
German grocery clerk and tend bar, country;
barkeeper, city, $30 to $60; polisher, country
ldundry, $15 a week: Ironer, $40; hanger up,
$25, for hand laundry, country . hotels'' fare
advanced. .....:...:: ¦....*. ¦.......'......"
C.R;HANSEN & CO. ....... ....104 Geary st.
i. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 323 Kearny st.
50 R. R. laborers, b Uklah , and Sta. Barbara,
free fare: 50' laborers for lumber mill, ship
Thurs. ; , 20 laborers and 20 teamsters, $2 25,"
•country, fare $1 20; man for kitchen, $20 & fd.
V— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, , r, 12.:
Short -order cook. $75; 2nd cook, ¦ $60; first
class hotels. :--~*\ •.... .', ¦ - _.''¦¦
rOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. r 327 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1178.
SALESMAN -. to handle line of woolens for
mill agent on commission; must be thorough-
ly experienced ¦'. and acquainted with • large
clothing manufacturing.; trade; first class
New York <¦ references • required; * Address
LOUIS , FRANK. 99 Franklin St., New .- York. ¦
HOEMAKERS / wanted— Lasters, puller-overs
, on 'Ideal . lasting machine; good pay . to - the
right' men. - Apply -. foreman, . 103 Mission - str
VANTED— A «trong boy to work in store and
run errands. ' APPly at 46 Ellis st. ,*
A— MURRAY & READY....... Phone Main 6848
¦ Leading Employment and Labor Agents. '
; Come One— Come All, "
' Come Everybody
Office open 7 a. m. : Tuesday.' . _ <
We ship R. R. men morning,' noon and night.
MFree'fare to all parts.. free fare
60 teamsters, Ukiah v ..free .fare
50 laborers. Ukiah .......... C. N. W. Ry. Co.
' 'A carload of men to work on section, steel,
ballast and other. gangs,, S. .P. R. R. Co.'s
own work, all parts of State, Los Anceles,
Surf; Santa Barbara Div., free fare, wages
?1 75 to $2 50 day.
' MECHANICAL HELP. . '
5 carpenters, large - company, near city, 8
hours' work, rough carpenters will do, $3
day; blacksmith . helper, sawmill company,
$50; ranch • blacksmith, $40; ranch carpenter,
$40; 15 blacksmiths, shops and ranches; ma-
¦ chinists, pipefitters, boilermakers and help-
ers; 2 stonecutters. - ¦ ¦ • • -
- MINERS LABORERS
'5 machine miners, gold mine, Slskiyou Co.,
$75 to $82 50 and fd., fare paid; married fur-
nace man, $65, house free; 5 muckers, $75; 10
laborers, gold, mine, $60 and fd.; 10 drillers;
3 powdermen; 25 quarrymen, $60; 5 laborers,
factory, $1 75 and $2 day: 5 laborers, brick
yard, $32 £0 and $40 and id.; 1500 laborers, all
parts of city and ' country.
W. MISCELLANEOUS.
Stableman, truck stable *60
Farmer, and wife, easy place $35
3 deck hands, $40 and f d. ; teamster for mine,
$¦10; well digger and handyman, ranch, $30;
9 hostlers,' stablemen and buggy washers,
teamsters, woodchoppers, tie, picket and post
makers.' • • •
20 men to work in woods, yards and mills.
large lumber company $40 to $65 and fd.
- AGRICULTURAL DEPT. '
750 men to- work in hay and harvest, on
farms, orchards and vineyards, $1 25 to $2 50
day; B0 milkers, $20 to $40; 25 choremen and
boys, pruners for orchards, etc.
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS.
Second cook, mining camp, $40; 2 waiters,
mining camp, experience not necessary, $30;
cook's helper, $30; 15 cooks, harvest crews
. and ranches, $25 and $35: 2 camp cooks,
baker country shop, $60; 2 waiters, same
country hotel, $35; porters, kitchen helpers,
etc.; thousands of other positions on our
_ bulletin boards; come, see.
MURRAY ¦& READY.. 634-626 Clay st.
COOK, country hotel, $50 and $60; restaurant
cooks ; waiter, country hotel, $25; porter, $20
and found; dishwasher for Institution, $25
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st. - • . . ' .
BLACKSMITHS, $2 and $2 eo per day and
board; 3 carpenters, $3 75 day; carpenters'
helpers, $2 and J2 25 day; blacksmith helper,
$1 50 day and board; furnace men, $2 50 day:
pipe fitters' helpers; 5 bark peelers, $45 and
board; laborers for factory, $2 25 day; edger-
man, $3 85 Cay and other mechanics. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st. , near Call bldg. Phone Bush 405.
100 railroad laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work,
L. A. and Santa Barbara div.... $1 75, $2 50
100 men for new road $2 and $2 50 per day
50 railroad teamsters, Ukiah $2 per day
FREE FARE :
Office fee for above $1
10 tunnel men .• ....$3 per day
50 pock drillers $2 50 per day
100 laborers $2 50 per day
,10 harvest, hands .....1 $2 per day
10 lumber pliers $35 per month and board
10 men for rock quarry $2 25, free fare
Swiss cheesemaker ....v big wages
Stable foreman, city .$18 per week
WANTED— Man and wife; Protestant: no chil-
dren; for a small, ranch, near Santa Rosa;
wages. $35. Call at California Transportation
Co., Jackson st. pier, between 8 and 12.
WANTED— Six active men; steady employ-
men; $50 per month: $5 returnable deposit re-
quired. S. D. KNAPP & CO., 113 Stockton
et., room 6.
MASTER Barbers' Association meets to-night,
102 O'Farrell st., 8:30; installation of officers.
S. HELLER. Secretary Master Barbers' Assn.
WANTED— A blacksmith ¦ helper at- 1526 San
i Bruno ave.
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job.' Apply
725 Fourth st., San Rafael. Tel Red 15.
BARBER — Every afternoon, Saturday and Sun-
day; wages $9. 1323 Stockton st.
TAILOR wanted, $3 per day. 2S41 Greenwich
St., near Presidio.
CLOTHING salesman 'wanted; good salary;
2S41" Greenwich St.. near Presidio. '
EXPERIENCED bookbinder wanted. Mysell-
Rolllns Co., 22 Clay st.
YOUNG man to go on the road; $150 mo.; $600
required. 906 Market St., room 8.
FIRST class carpenter wanted to finish; bring
tools. Inquire at 1509 Powell st.
WANTED — A young man to work in a store.
A. RUSH, 21 Market Rt. .
WANTED— Dishwasher at 2723 Sutter st.
WILL sell 3-chalr barber shop; centrally lo-
. lated. Address JOE HART, 15 Stockton st.
ELEVATOR boy-126 Ellis st.
WANTED— A good bedmaker. Apply Dewey
House, 32 East st. ' . _ . ¦¦ _
BOY wanted to . help In blacksmith shop. 1221
Webster st.. near Ellis.
WANTED— Experienced man to drive milk
wagon. 1408 Devisadero st.
TAILOR and presser at 42S Ninth St., Oak-
land; good wages, and steady work.
WANTED— Elderly experienced night* clerk.
Apply 149 Third st.
WANTED — A -bartender that is a good man to
serve a lunch. Apply 624 Seventh st. ¦
WANTED— Reliable /young man with some
cash; $30 month; no experience; no Sunday
work. Apply Monday; restaurant, 496 Fourth.
BOY that speaks German. J. HUSCHLER. 3066
Twenty-tilth St.. near Harrison.
WANTED— 100 quarrymen and rock drillers.
Apply 232 Montgomery st.
GET your" shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
- to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Bright boy from 16 to 18 years of
age. Apply at HALE BROS. ¦ - '
WANTED— Hard rock miners, wages $2 50 per
day; laborers, wages $2 per day; board, is $18
per month; doctor's' fees, $1 23 per month.
Apply to the New Idria Q. Mining Co.. Idria,
San Benito County, Cal., JAMES G." FINCH.
Superintendent.
SOMETHING entirely new; the Boston Insti-
tute -of Autoshavlng; a school for teaching
men the art of shaving themselves. For par-
ticulars call at office, hours 10 to 12 a. m. and
1 to 4 and 6 to S p. m.. 105 Ellis st., room 31.
ENGRAVERS wanted. California Photo-En-
; graving ¦ Co., 513 Market St.; steady work;
" highest wages. ' . -
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; $60
monthly paid our graduates; two months
completes; more calls for our barbers than
we can supply; tools presented ; wages Sat-
; urdays: diplomas granted; busy season now;
call or ¦write fol- our special offer to-day.
,MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective As-
sociation. '- foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
- nent positions. 127 Mason st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per. night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSION AGKXT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg., 806 Market.
200 MEN to buy suits made to order. )1 pep-
week. A. B.. SMITH CO.. 128 ICllis st.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world, HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. . .
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
.. hand shoes for sale; 50c. 241 Third st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. CG3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 600 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUIIAUS & CO., 115 Kearny st.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 23c night; reading-rooms; free
.'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
HORSES AND "WAGOXS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
¦ .carts, harness. .Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers. . ,
GRAY pacer, buggy and harness.. cheap; also
•three ladies'; saddles. 21 City Hall ave.
40 HEAD " of ¦ work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. .: 721 ; Howard st. . . '- ¦>.„ '
CHEAP horse; suitable for camper. 816 Treat
¦avenue. *
FAMILY cow for^ sale, i Apply 67. Bernal ave.
FOR - sale— A good light -buggy. .$15. ¦ JAMES
V NEWMAN, ¦ 140 Steiner. st ; fruit store. •
ALL kinds of wagon, buggies, carts, harness,
-etc.." cheap. EG AN. & ; SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single ; also . light
camping wagon, for sale cheap, j 532 Mission.
horses wasted. % K
HORSES wanted to work' on scraper Job; four
or five months' ..work. '.Apply, at 26 Montgom-
ery st.. room 25. , ;>-;
''' HOUSES TO XX.T. ,:•
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for dr-
. cular. Q. H. XJMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE- of 7 rooms and bath; -suitable for 2
families; rent $14. 405 Greenwich st.
HOU3E of 5 rooms; yard. 549 Stevenson, oppo-
. ' site new postoffice; $12. •; .;
NEWLY furnished house: reasonable; by day.
week or month. 417 Powell.
TO let— 3 rooms, wlttr stable. Apply 624 Sev--
enth et. -
4 ROOMS in rear to let. 20 Shipley st.
IXSTAJfTAXEOUS >. WATER HEATER.
HOT bath In ten minutes at cost of 2%c; saves
Ore in range; you light your flame and by the
time you are disrobed your bath isready; no
danger from explosion: sold on installments:
call and see It in operation. RIBBON
WATER-HEATING CO..- Exam, bldg.. r. 607.
LOST, AJt'P FOUND.
LOST— Ladies' gold watch, set with diamonds,
going from 240 Stockton st to 111 O'Farrell.
Tortoni's. Liberal" reward if returned to M.
CONSENTINE. .Tortonl's. Ill O'Farrell st.
STRAYED from Bakers Beach— Roan horse,
one white fetlock on hind leg and scar on
right front leg near hoof. Notify 2912 Mis-
sion st. and receive reward.
LOST— Dog; Cocker Spaniel; dark red; no col-
lar; answers to name Bon Bon; return to 1348
Geary Bt. and receive reward. - J ~^
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of CHARLES L. JENKINS: No. 127-
673. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Marten fur collar; Haas' candy store:
reward. GRACE FERN, 598 Parrott building.
LOST— Liver colored Irish water spaniel; $5
reward. L. P. H. BOLANDER, 115 Main st.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL. ~
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 PoweU St.:
tel. Bush 421. ' ¦
MIXES AXD MIXING.
DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c, 5c and
i 10c per share; send for prospectus. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co.. 326 Post st.
MEDICAL. ~
> 1 — ¦ — .
1 A-HENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
• male complaints relieved by' treatment su-
perior to all others: the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases~-are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the 'most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies every known for
Indigestion, tapeworm.' neuralgia, leucorrhea,
genorhea and all troubles of male and female
sexual organs; treat yourself; be your own
doctor: 4 months' suppository treatment, $4;
maternity home; bust developer; send stamp
for circulars. 1126 Market St., S. F., Cal.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give in-
stant relief for all female^ complaints; the
. longest and most obstinate cases immediately
¦ relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. .DR. KOHL. 1123
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market, ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice: all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
" turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Post St.
to 410 O'Farrell; reliable ladies' specialist; 25
years' successful practice; guaranteed treat-
ment at office; any ailment; home before and
during confinement; low fees.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, 1033 Market, bet.
6th & 7th — Expert specialists: well known and
reliable; 25 yrs experience ; treatment guarant'd
to give -Instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed' In all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails; the most obstinate cases relieved
, without pain: best cure; fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1113 Market, nr. Mason.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars. : mirrors,- restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand ; ' we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019. Iffl. 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
LOT of beat silverplated Rogers Bros.' new
goods, several dozen spoens, forks, ivorjT"
plated and oearl handle table knives, ivory
and- pearl handle carving sets; cream, soup and
berry spoons; fish and oyster forks, butter
knives, nut picks, 2 shaving mugs, syrup
pitcher, pudding dish, caster and many other
things; must be sold at once. Come Mon.,
Tues. and Wed. to 1211 Adeline st., Oakland.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
A-S3 £0 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINF. suits. $10; dress pants. 52 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
AT 3c a roll, good wall paper; paper-hanging,
painting. 1202 Webster.; tel. Jackson 1321.
2D-HAND machinery all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. S16 Mission.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes, THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
$64 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chine $37 50. 109 Montgomery st.
ONE 4-horsepower Covey engine: one 2%-
horsepower Hercules; bargain. 910 Kearny.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery."
J. BURKE. 129 Beale st
.FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 21S California st.
GASOLINE engines. 2d-hand. and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein. S3S Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2%^ hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
- Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
A. KLEIN still pays the best price for clothing,
bric-a-brac. - etc. 109 6th; phone Folsom 1094.
TILTON wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially
skirts, street dresses. 154 9th ; tel. Folsom 2522.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT '.
First, second and third mortgages ¦.
Undivided Interest In real estate in probate.
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay.
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. ' McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
¦afford to pay on furniture, planoa, etc.; do
-not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay: no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market St.
AN Y\ proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests; corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
IF YOUR PROPERTY ~~
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gages, e t c. . ' *
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, . 946 Market
St.; tel. Main 1641. Branch 19 Third.st.
MOST ¦ reliable place to I borrow on diamonds
. watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOWEST rates on furniture, : etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jone*.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate ;strlctly private. . Lick. 116 McAllister.
ONE per cent onfurnlture: $5 a month on «ach
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r 1.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no lndorser required. S.
;. F, DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan fcnilding.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 ¦California.''
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. . Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st., room 2.
MOtfffEY TO I<OAy---Contliiped r
ON furniture piano;"; no removal; money
quick: lowest Interest : easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 6S.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building. '
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
tndorser. MORRELL. Kg9 Examiner building.
MUSICAL IXSTRU3IEXTS.
WE have decided to offer every one who buys
a new piano from us during the month of
July a special cut In prtce amounting to
about 30 per cent disco-ant for cash purchases
and 20 Der cent on Installments where ail
payments are closed up within two years ;
our regular price* have always been consid-
erably lower than many houses charge for
same class of goods and there will be no
raise to offset the cut: Ju*t think what this
means to you— a $300 piano for $&>0. $400 for
$280. $300 for $210; call and see the Instru-
ments. Decker. Baumelster, Smith & Barnes
and Marshall & Wendell. THE ZENO MAL-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
LUDWIG pianos.
Steck pianos.
Hardman pianos.
Packard pianos.
Everett pianos. <'¦:"•'¦
They are the best and for sale only by the
new piano house. WILEY B. ALLEN CO..
933 Market St.. S. F. (Oakland branch. 951
Broadway.) .
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
* CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any tlm« within
2 years from date of purchase, and hare full
price allowed. New upright pianos $« per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
¦ Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Suttee
sts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway an<I
Thirteenth st., Oakland. . -
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlm»
within • 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy- a.
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE; »
O'Farrell St.: established 1850. ¦
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son, 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtai. 1
Sterling. *7S. $125. $145. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. IS O'Farrell st..
Chickerinsr. Vose. Sterling Agency: also
Apollo, king of self-players. "
BARGAINS— Hain*». $290; Kramer. $135: Nleu-
mann $140: Cable. $175. W. C. HAMILTON.
8 Flood bulldlnz. _
IF you wish flrst-class repair work done call
and .inspect our factory. BYRON MAUZY.
303 Post st. . . ;
KEEFFE'S. 314 Post— Bargains this week;
Shoninger, Schubert, Behning and Schumann
pianos. ¦
TWO upright pianos' left en sale: Fisher $95.
Chickering ?1S5. Room 3.3, 217 Geary st.
ELEGANT standard upright piano: little used;
party leaving city; sacrifice. 7S2 Ellis rt.
WANTED— Steinway upright; «rood cash price
for good piano: no dealers. Box 3513. Call.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
A SPLENDID Steinway: unrljrhts $100: pianos
rented $2 upward. BRtTENN. 208 Post st.
530— FINE upright: baby grand Steinway: other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory. 1723 Mission.
A LARGE lot of «econrt-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORNXTNG'S. 216 McAllister.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. ?60 Hayes at.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Alltetgr st. : m
AT WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market St.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTJTLLKR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LIGHT, cheerful offices; $13 and J20. Emma
Spreckela building. S27 Market st.
STORE and 5 living rooms: snnnjr, modern.
SS03 Seventeenth st.. near Sanchea.
OIL. ¦
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating on 2120 acres of oil land in ntns>
districts. Office. 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA — Last chance at 10c; big advance
In a few days. Paclnc States Mining and
Investment Co.. S?6 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order; all
sizes: .-heap. H. S. WHITE. S16 Mission *t.
PAL3HSTJIY.
MME GElKM^!^^."^(r7iuIinTs9~^lmlst of
the Pacific Coast: 1 to 5 90C Market st.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. b»t. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
reading: lessons in cias* nnd private. 617 Jf>n»«.
PAISTERS AXD DECORATORS.
P>PER-HAXGIKO. hous? .aiming: good rell-
able wcrk. Clark's. S03 La kin: tel.Larkln 10SO
PERSONALS.
CALIFORNIA AERIAL NAVIGATION CoT,
successors to Stanley Aerial Navigation Co.,
is now building its great ship of the air at
Its shipyard, corner of Fell and Baker sts. ;
a limited number of shares for a limited time
is now being offered to the public at $2 per
share at Its office, 306 Pine St., room 3: call
for particulars.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 438 Geary st.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy la posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all.
parts of the world; call cr send for circular.
ELECTRIC light in every room— "Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 SO per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order ¦ from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OtrTFITTINO
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
A PRETTY, blonde girl baby for adoption.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1418 8th St.. Alameda.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Kerma: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
BOHEMIAN Dermatological. r. 3, 131 Post—
Electric needle used; hair and facial treatm'L
POISON oak cured in one application or no pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. 4b9 Hayes St. -
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
Ladies' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Sllverman. 9.84 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
TAILOR made suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Harriet Welch, 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat. ; electrolysis: 17 years' ezper.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 317 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 23c; all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office. and residence.
1021 Market St.. between Sixth and .Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, hr. E1U».
PHYSIOGNOMY.
SCIENTIFIC delineation of character by face
or photo. Mary O. Stanton. 810 Leavenworth;
verbal read'*. $1; printed chart. $2 50; lessons.
PILES. "~~ "
~ — ¦- ¦-!-,,-,„,¦
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here in your
midst: rrany who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over SO names of prominent business, men
E«nt as reference: no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address: Physician, box 1550, Call
office. S.- P.. CaL
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
A. K' BUCKINGHAM -...Real Estate
26 ' Montgomery st Room 11.
116,500—75 ft. on Mission st. and Impts. for
factory: rents $112; bargain.
. $4830— Stylish new fiats. 4 and 5 rooms -
every room, sunny; rents $40; On Twenty-
• third st. • x
, $12,000-Stylish new flats; Hayes St.; fine lo-
cation; rents $115. .
$3730—2 flats. 4 and 5 rooms; Baker st.:
rents $41.
$3000— Modern 4 and 5 room flats; California
st. and Eighth ave.; rents $30.
PARK LOTS— $3J» AND UPWARD.
$323 Lots— Sunset Heights— Lots $S55.
On Installments; Eleventh ave.. between H
¦ and I sts., near entrance Park mualo stand;
cars pass property.
. - $3000 Houses^-Easy terms— Houses. $3250; on
above block. 6 and 7 rooms, bath, etc; plans
at office.
. -A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 25 Montgomery st .
room 11; branch office. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave.
$1200 — For sale — House of 6 large rooms- lot 23x
.100; everything In best condition; nice garden
yard, etc. 82 East Park gt.. Holly Park, near
¦Mission st. :
FOR sale— $4230: 5-room cottage: deslrabl*
home; In warm belt. Inquire 1018 Shatwell.ENTERTAINMENT
FOR DELEGATES
the -West Plan
Receptions.
Cities of All States m
¦Visitors Are Coming From
Europe, Canada and
Honolulu. ¦-
. The Epworth League officials are in re
ceipt of information that other States, are
planning, to give extensive . receptions to
the delegates from I the Bast. In Utah,
Arizona, Oregon and "Washington prepar
ations are under way. to greet the visit
ors and to interest them in the prospects
of the respective States.
• At . Salt Lake City the people are ar
ranging, a grand public reception for the
Leaguers to be held on July 16. On that
day more "than a ; dozen , excursion ; trains
will arrive In the city, where they, will re
main "until the following day. ¦ Some of
the leading • officials in the League have
been prevailed upon to address meetings
at Salt Lake City and other towns in the
vicinity, and strong efforts will be made
to induce the visitors, when they are com
ing to live permanently In this section of
the country, as it is thought many of
them ; will do, to locate in Utah.
Preparations of a. similar nature are un
der way at Portland and Seattle. The
people throughout the "West have talten a
great Interest in the convention and it
seems to be the wish of all that -this
event, which is to be , the greatest of its
kini ever held west of the Mississippi,
shall 'also be the most successful. A large
delegation is coming 1 from Honolulu, six
trainloads of Leaguers from Eastern Can
ada and many also are expected from Eu
rope. The influence of the convention will
be far-reaching and most beneficial to
California. / -
The outside towns of this State continue
in their preparations for the event. En
thusiastic meetings are being held reg
ularly "at Sacramento and the visitors
will be received In that city with cheering
and gifts of fruits and flowers. >. The peo
ple of Solanq County are planning to trim
the ship Solano with the Epworth League
red and white and-bring it to this city.
A military parade has been arranged to
take place at the Presidio on July 20. AH
the soldiers at the reservation will take
part It is expected that General Young
will conduct the parade.. . . ;
Dr. Beard says there is no hitch In any
part of the arrangements except the col
lection of funds, which is not progressing
as rapidly as Is desired. The time for a
large public contribution is somewhat in
auspicious so soon after the canvass for
money for the Presidential reception, but
it is confidently expected that the neces
sary amount will be on hand in due sea
son. - • ¦ '- ' ' •" ¦ -• - ¦ - . •¦' • - -
NEW "HEIBS" FILE CLAIMS
AGAINST FRIEDMAN ESTATE
Judge TToutt Sets Aside an Order to
. Enable Them to Present
. Proofs. ; v x
Judge Troutt made an order yesterday
reopening the Julius Friedman estate for
the purpose of permitting new claims of
relationship to be filed. The order was
made upon the motion of Attorney A.
Ruef as counsel i for Abraham Jacobsen
and five brothers and sisters, who claim
to be nephews and nieces of the deceased.
The claimants aver that they are the
children of -Judel- Jacobsen, a brother of
tho deceased. They explain the variance
between the names of the deceased and
their father by. pointing to the fact that
they were natives of Poland and raised
in Russia, "where it is not uncommon
owing te the /act that Jews are . perse
duted to a certain extent in .Russia, for
Jews to change their names."' • .
They aver that they frequently heard
their, father "refer to his brother Julius,
who resided in" San Francisco," and acting
upon information and belief they ask that
they be adjudged , the -heirs at law of the
deceased and entitled to the . bulk of his
estate. ;'
HOTEL AJEtttlVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
G Beshy, London .
J L Houston, St Jo
J.A Brent, Cal'
G G Kimball. -Red B
B L Thane. Alaska
H Solger & ¦¦ w, i Berlin
Miss M Hunter, Los A
Geo Miller, Los A!-
S Jacobs, U S S Oreg
J I Green,. U S S Oreg
C M Weil, Chicago
WE Williams & w,
Seattle
G M.Busch, Seattle „
J Ross, Toronto
E Bayer, Cal
C Vlgreux, Cal
D C Swetchell, Ct
W W Wood, N Y
J Samstag, N ,Y
J B Farish, Denver
P Q McCall & w, Pa
A B Cohen, St Joe, Mo
O S Varlan. Salt Lake
G B Smith, Boston
R Bffey, Santa Cruz
Mrs G E Stillings. K S
Prince C Ponlatowskl,
Burllnprame
Mr & Mrs Whitehouse,
England ;
E A Bell, England
Lt Col Boyle & w, Eng
W M Goodman, N Y
B A Prieto. Salvador
A Prieto, Salvador -/ ,
Mr Riemanz & w, Ger
many . . . -.
J R Johnston & w, Cal
K > L Taylor, N Y
W W Baker & w. N Y
A P Rogers, NY
J KruttBChnitt, Burlgm
R L Fulton, Reno
E Cremer, . The Hague
*!¦ R- Vail, -Santa Barb
E F 'Taylor,: Santa B
& L Douglas -<fe w. Ga
A Robertson, Sta Cru*
G L Paine & w, Bostn
R W.Jones. Colo
Dr Paul Cohen & w,
Vienna
T T Goodin. NY- .
G E Goodman.". Napa .
J F Evans, ¦ Baltimore
J Llewellyn, Los Ang
G Ashe & w. Ls Pinoa
E Messer, ! Berlin
A H Tarbett. Salt Lk
R B Canfield, Santa B
T Splllacy, BakersHeld
HOTEL.
A E Molt. Hanford
Miss A Parrott, Rosebgr
Mrs M B Bui la. Artz .
S L Hosral, Fresno
W Blckley, New York
A M Bickley, N -Y
A W Foster. Colo -
B G Swift. G Valley
B A Brittlnsham. Eng
G H Reed.. Los Ang
,W McWilllams & w,
Seattle
N F Reeve & w,N W T
¦W D Cramer & w, B C
Mrs W H Fisher,
Red Bluff -¦-•
Mrs C Hughes. R Bluff
¦R E Cranston & w, Cal
A Chilbewr, Seattle
J B Troy, Dawson
F P Codlngt'on & w, •
Los Anseles -.
J L Malley, Chicago
Mrs J L Church. Cal
T H Huntley, Seattle
O T Wells. Wlllits. Cal
J H Harlan & w, Cal
Mrs R M Brown, Cal
Mrs Z T Magill, Cal
Miss A Spaulding, Cal
N H Breazer, USA
Mrs T Drayer. NY
H M Hall. USA
J L Bowman, Cal
A R Kawage, Oakland
Miss E Dole, Kan City
Miss G Winn. Sulsun
Dr G E Blakeler, N Y
J C McMillan, Nevada
Mrs F W Carpenter,
Woodland
3 J Harkness, Scofield
W S Hlckman, Cal
A W Faneulkon & w,
Mlchijan
F H Mith, Cal
C M McMichael, Ariz
H Perry. Boston
NEW WESTERN HOTEIj.
J H Johnson. NT
D H Faylor. Portland
B Engebrettsen, L Ang
J M Lockrldge, Texas
F L Parmenter, S Jose
S Keating. Boston ¦.-
A R Ross, Cincinnati -
W McAllester, Seattle
A J Pope, Chicago : v
H Woolf & w. Oakland
M H Smith. Grass vail
L James, Denver-
A W Toursand, Chlcag
F Beattlng, N T.
S L Conley, I T
T J White. Dallas
V? Elrd, Fort "Worth
J Knowles, Mich !
F P Powell, Monterey
GRAND
THE , SAN ; FKANCisCO, CALL/ TUESDAY, JULY 2, 1901.
11
BAII.WAY TBAVEL
Cheap Kates
East via
oanta re
The places, the rates for
the round trip and tha .
dates of "sale are below.
The other details can ba
had of the Santa Fe agents.
BUFFALO, S87.00
•V. July 3, 4; Aug: 22, 23;
Sept. 5, 6. ; ... -;
CHICAGO, $72.50 V,
July 2O, 21.
CINCINNATI, $76.50.
June 30 and July 1.
CLEVELAND, $82.50
Sept. 5 and 6.
COLORADO SPRINGS' $55
July 8 and 0.
DETROIT, $82.25
July 1 and 2.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50.
Aug. 20 and 21.
MILWAUKEE, $74.50 V
July 17 and 18.
The best service and tha
pleasantest -way is fur-
nished Uy the
\ • •
Santa Fe
64! MARKET ST.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains !«•»-•• nu<l i»rr> *am to nrrlf* «•
MAN rKAN«:iM«!O. ¦
(-tain Hue. Foot of -Imrkat Stwfc.)
LCATK — From Jess 13. 1301. — AXKir-
?:OO_. Boni— , Sufsuu, Elmlra. V»c-rtUe,
ltumaey-nda-ar-mento... «:*5»
~iSOa M -rtlnez. ,S»u Ramuu, Vallejo. Jff-pa.
Calistoga »ud Uant- liosa -i23r
S:O«a DtTta, Woodland, Knljnti Landing,
M-rjiTilla, OrotlJle 7:3^r
I SiOOa Atl.utic Kxpresa— Ogden and Ea-t 12:-5?
MHt«A Kllea, Lathrop, Stockton "J»3->f
SiMtNilM, Mendota, H-nford. VIsilI-,
Pocterrilla 4:33-
»:3«a Shaqta Express— Datla, WiUlams (for
• ' Bwrtlett Springs), Willows, EeU
Bluff, Portland. 7i33f
• iSOa S»n Jus«, LlTermors, Stockton,
lone, hmewneuio. Placer»UIe,
M»i-ys>iU«. Chlco, ltwt Illult 4>33r
• >3u» Oakilalt-, Chinese (Yoae_t«), So-
nora, Carton .'..... 4<23r
Oi»O* H_yw»ri], Nile! and Way Station.. 1 1 :•" k
ttOOA Vallejo l-£-3r
I»iO«. Los Angeles Express — Mwtlnes,
Tracy, I/athrop. ntockton, Meroed
Vrmuo -ud Los Anxvlea 7i93p
-ISO* Vallrjo. Martinez ami Way Stations 7l39r
19i00a The Overland Limited— Ogden, Den*
* Ter, Omaha. Chicaga 6:A3r
tliOap8»er-ia«iit»Kiferh>c»»ni8TS tStOtt*
a>8Up Ila-ward, Illlrt and Way HUtlons.. 7>35r
4itt»r li«!iici_, ' Whiten. rtaoiau.ento.
Wouillmud, Knliilita lauding. .
i M-rirnllle, Oro,ille 10;I3a
4:<>«r Miirtiner. Hail IU111011, ValleJ*
Nnyn. (Mlatnga. HmiU Kosa, »i93«
4«OOp Nile*. LlTermore. Stockton. Lodl... I_.a5r
4«:n»r Hayw-xd. Nlle^Mau Jose. Ll-nrnors t*«-"*»">*
4 i3(>r Fort Cos-a. Tr-cj. Latbrop, 9«oektoa 1 « »S3_
3:O»rTli<9 Owl IJniited— fiesiio, Tnlaio,
lUkersa«l<l, Sanpw (or Santa liar-
bara. Lot AnKulet 8:334
S:Ottr Martin* _. Antioch, Stockton. Mor-
oed, Fresno l«i»a»
8:O«p Toseaolte • ia»23-
StSOrKeir Orleans Expre»s— Mendota,
Fresco, Bakersfleld. Loa Angelea, -ip 'fm
D. rain?. El Puo, New Orleaaa
and E-ak 7«.13a
6>Ollp Haynaril, Niles and H»u Jose 7>OS*
(H.OUr VKJIejo I 1:23*
«iO«r Oriental Mali — Ogden, Cbeyenna.
Omaha. C'liicigo ia-.23p
S:OUr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denter.
- 8t Louis. Chicago. *s23p
7iO0p Orxgou and California Kxpren.Haa.
ramouto. Mar>»ill«. ICedilliiR.
roithml. 1'ium HuuihI u«1 Kut »:-•¦**
SiOSpSan Pablo. l*i>rt (/'oata. UsrtLaes
and Way HUtious 11<S3«
tS;03p Vallfjo «t3-V
A COAST LINE <!Urro-r ««« K e).
(Foot «»f M.trkBt Street.) - y
{7:45a Santa Crnz Kxcurs'on to rianta Crux
ami Pr.ncp.l Way Stations JSsO'.p
8:13a NoWMh,l>lilertille.rtan.lo3«»,Mtori,
D<)iil.lerCr<ek..SaiilaOni3S and Way
HUlUiim a:3«r
t«t!Sp Kewitrk, Centerville. San .!<.««, Nbw
Almaden, Krltun, Honlder Creek,
Sants Cruz autl l'riucipal Waj
Station*....' ..:... IO»n»*
4:15- New-rk. Hail .l.w«, \™ C.aion t «.•*<> »
e 4 tlSp Glen irond.Bmilder Creek. San t» Cms *MtS»«
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS F_AXCIiC3— 7eai of M-rk«t Street (Slip 8)—
t7:16 3:00 11:00a.m. 1:33 3:33 S.lSr.u.
.'Maoauno— rt«t*iiscuJ-*T.— t*-.w ta.oo ts^>.
10.00* .m. 12:50 -:C3 1:33 r.u. -
COAST I.1XK (Itr«a4 ««-!?•).
(Third anrt Townseml Sta.) ,"- •-: -' . .
HiIOa Sait Jose and Way Htatiuna. • «7~7
? 7:«<»_ Han J.»- and \V»j ,Suti..ii»... l»:i»»
/7t«»_ N«w Aliuad-ii. /<:»•»
J7:::it» Sunday {Excursion fox San JdO,
HanU Crnz. P.cific Grove and
Principal Way Station* >.... IS«30 -
S<O«ANan .)us«. Tms I'imm. .Sniitu lirwa,
VnelUc llrotr. .-alirns Ban Lull
Obispo. Santa B.rbara itml Pilu-
cii^i iiifcerme-IUte .¦Hitti.itt* 7s3np
l*in«A San Jose and Way Stvioiu. -l:l»p
I li3»A Han Jose anil Way Station* 5i:ii»F
tas-liVrSau Matito, lleilwood, Menlo Par..
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara. Hici .lima,
i Tres Pinoa, H»nta Cf mi, Sallnaa.
Moutaie- am) 1'aciHe (JrnTe. tl*i43a
StSMp Ban Jose and VTay HUllmis «s3»_
HiISp flan Jose and Principal Way Stations »i .3*
tS:O0r San Jose, Loa Gatos and Piiuetpal
Way Stations 1»«««»
StSOp flanJnss and Principal WayHUklons 8>38a
O.oOp Radwo-id. San Josfl. Gllmy. Salinas,
Santa fitrhan. Lew Aogelea 10:0<>a
6:00p Del Monte, Monterey, Pacific Grore,
' Lompoo ,. IOiOOa
«:30r Ban Joss ami Way Stations... f«:Oi»*
qll;45- 3ai> Jogomid Way Statlona 7»»OP
A for Morning. p for Afternoon.
. tBnnday aiceptad. J Anitda- only.
a Saturday only. c Monday. ..
¦^ e Saturday t n 1 Snnday. / Tn>«d» ya and Frid-a-.
MORIH PACIFIC GOAST RAILROAD,
. Via SausaJito Ferry.
Commencing - April 28. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO Mlii. VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:53, 8:20, »9:30, 11:00 a. _.
12:45. **1:45. 1:15. 4:15. 5:15. •6:15. «:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, "Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:49 p. m.
6TJNDATS— 7:00. 8:00, •9:00. 10M. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45, «l:30, 1:30.- t-.IS. 6:00, «rf», 7:J0
p. m. 11:00 a, m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked <•> ran to 8an Quentln.
PROM SAN BAPAEX TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— *S:25. «:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10:13
a. m.. n_:2S. 1J3. 2:20, »3:_». 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at «:43 and 10:00 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— 6:15. •8:00. 9:45. •11:00 a. m.. "13 '
m., 1:00. *:1S. »3:30. 4:30. •5:45. 6:45. 7:30, .10:19
p. rn. -
Trains "marked (•> start from Sari Quentln.
FROM MTLL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS*— 5:43. «:45, 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a. n>.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10.-5:20 p. rn.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday-, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:1(V and 10:35 p. m.
PUNDAYS— 6:S5. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 1J:13,
1:20. -:3C. »:4S. 5:00. «:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
v 6:53 a. .m. -reek days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ,
8:11 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
-5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays ezcepted>—
Tomalea . and way stations.
• a. m. Sundays — Ctuadero and way g_3.tions.
10:00 a. ' m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. . '.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAKXY ST. Established
In I.H34 for the treatment ni Hrivate
Difieasea. Lo^t Manbood. - Debility or
rtiseas^ wearingrnn body and mlnrt and
SRin Diseases. The Hoctor cares whfn
others fall. - Try him. - (rharges low.
t'nrn guaranteed. Cull or write.
Wr. JT. *'. t-ICEOS. Bau Francisco, Cab _
RAILWAY TBAVE3..
Illinois Central R.R,
SPECIAL ROUND-TRIPTICKETS ON SALE
June30, July i,GINGINNATI and return-
July I arid 2, DETROIT anJ return—
$82.25 v
July 3 and 4^ BUFFALO and return—
$$7;0O
July 20 and 21, CHICAGO and return--
$72.50
Return' Limit 6o,Days.
W. V H. SNED AKER. General
: .; i^s :¦ ¦ ,v ; ", : f. Agent, ¦:' . ; .• : ' \ . '.
648 Market /st: ' .1 ; ";. Chronicle .; Bids, i
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR gALB.
J6500— TERMS to suit; very handsomely deco-
rated and eunny 10-room residence; substan-
tially built and fintehed by day work; every
possible latest impwement: heaters, regis-
ters. C basins, plate and art glass windows,
etc • marine and par- view; the choicest of
any near panhandle; 1""« lot. 26:6x100; Ful-
ton «.. near Shraderj Hayes or McAllister
et. car*; open from 11 to t. •
FOR sale— New cottage. « rooms, bath, large
basement, near Union et. .022 Plerc« rt.
RBAL ESTATE COUSTRV— For Sale
TWO farms of 4S0 acres each can be bought
separate or In one: all No. 1 farming land; no
waste land; free from drought or overflow;
fine water; three good wells and living water
on each ranch; rood one-story dwelling, two
large barns, blacksmith chop and other out-
houses on each place: - large shade trees,
orange trees in bearing; a few apple trees, a
tine assortment of roses and flowers; each
place fenced In three fields; ten miles from
Msry-ville. two miles from R. R. -tation, one-
half mile from school; pood roads and good
neighbors. For particulars « address W. B.
FILCHER. box 466. MarygvUife. Tuba Co., Cal.
FOR eale— A nice home, $2300; 6% acres In
prune orchard: also house and barn and
family orctoard in Pleananton. Call at 42H
Clara st.: JOHN STEVENS.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
fre» llrt. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluraa. CaL
REAL ESSTATE TO EXCHANGE.
¦\ViSH to exchange good real estate In San
Jo4se: Ti-ell Improved: E EO-varas, with large
bwirinir trees, all kinds of fruit; price $10,000.
Btix <313. Call office. t ¦
TO exchange— 3 lots in Ocean View for a lot on
Union or Filbert sts., west of Van Ness are.;
will pay rash difference. Address W. MATH-
KSOX. 2117 Filbert ft. ¦¦ «
REAL ESTATE WAJiTED.
I WANT to buy a lot to butld a home: price
must be reasonable. Box 3304. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA COTTAGE WAXTBD.
¦*VANT_>^\ neatly furnished cottage "or
housekeeping rooms; reference. Address M.
G.. :;it Santa Clara ave.. Alameda,
ALAMEDA COTTAGES POR SALE.
FGK eale— Modern cottage, i rooms; bath; lot
CCX15Q. ltlS Mozart st.. Alameda. MasUck stn.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
UERICEI.KV HEAL ESTATE.
5150— J10 CASH, balance 55 per month; acre lots.
\V. C. MORAX & CO.
$500— LOTS; Wheeler tract: finest view in Berk-
eley: 3 biocks to U. C. grounds. W. C MO-
RAN' & CO.
f2t*0— COST S3CC0; S rooms; as good aa new; on
north side of street; let 43x130; 2 blocks to
train, half a block to street cars; fine chicken-
house and yard: $300 cash, balance $20 per
month. W. O MORAX & CO.
52000— J100 CASH, balance $M per month; see
these new cottages I have In Golden Gate,
Lorin and -Ashby ave., Dwight way. Berke-
ley and North Berkeley; new; 5 to 11 rooms.
With every modern Improvement; fine mantel;
tinted walls; sideboard; 'gas fixtures; sewer
ar.d crty water; all connected; stationary
, tubs, etc W. C. MORAN & CO, -
$100 UP for lots in all parts of the town; houses
to rent til over town from 15 to $35 per month;
12 years' experience. W. C MORAN* & CO..
Lorin etatlon, or Schmidt block, Berkeley.
2CEW 7-room, 2-stbry colonial house; large
rooms; fine mantel: electric fixtures, porce-
lain bath, laundry tubs; all fine open plumb-
Ing; r.pht up to date: only 2 minutes to R.
R. station; lot 40x100; price. S2400. For terms
call on J. It, PERKINS, Lorin station,
Berkeley.
CALL and see the 2 new 6-room cottages I am
building; high basement: mantel: all the
latest plumbine: well, tack ard -windmill;
10 minutes to R. R. station; price only $1400;
I1C0 cash; balance on easy payments. J. R.
PERKINS, Lorin station, Berkeley.
TOCE, new up-to-date S-room. 2-story colonial
bouse; porcelain bath, electric fixtures, m&n-
tel; a fine, convenient borne for somebody;
price $2£00 fcr cash, or will exchange for
country cr San Francisco property. J. R.
PERKINS. Lorin station, Berkeley.
I"IN"E, almost -new 4 laxse room bay-windo-r
cottaee; iiisb. basement, percelain bath.
large pantry, electric wired, folding doors;
fine veil, tank and windmill, chicken house
end yard; lot CCxlOO: ooly 2 minutes to. XL R.
Etction and \ block to electric cars; price
only $1600; term-. J. R. PERKINS, Lorin
Sr'n. Berkeley (formerly Oellericn & Perkins).
CORNER lot; well situated for block of fiats;
if raid In a few days can be had at a bar-
gala.
JJXO— j-roc_ __e; be&ntlfal corner lot; this
$4000— >-.rocm cotts.se; larse let; looking on
university grounds; east of Telegraph ave,
52D00— "-roori house en Grove «.; a beautiful
home at a bargain.
SO"/. — One of the finest homes In beautiful
Kerkelej™ thlM rCace must be oeen to be appre-
ciated S. S. QCACKEXBUSH,
Real Estate and Insurance,
Opp. First National Bank Berkeley.
IT is an ezjey *M~g nou-aday* to demonstrate
that the
STnCFHECE "WATER HEATERS
Are a succen, aad it la equally as easy to
prove that the houses on the north side of
Prince £t_. near Grove, containing these heat-
ers are the beet built and cheapest houses
ever crTered for eale. Buying these houses,
you don't have a *ingle dollar extra, to pay —
they are ready to occupy. For sale by
JOS. J. MASON.
Adjoining P. O.. Berkeley.
$750— House and lot; near station.
t^OO— House of C rooms; lot 50x1.5; sear
university; a bargain.
Bargains all over town by
JOS. J. MASON.
Adjoining- P. O., Berkeley. CaL
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL. ESTATE.
J~50-$300 CASH.
Brand new bungalow cottage; open plumb-
ing; large lot; very sunny; near local-trains,
schools and business center, etc.; coet $3000
to duplicate. J. s. MYERS & CO..
!0i2 Broad-ray. Oakland, Cal.
13700— ACTUAL CASH VALUE TO-DAY $5000.
62 feet frontage; 9-room house; barn; splen-
did water supply on premises: an ideal home;
near business center: mortgage $2700, which
can remain at the bank; must be sold this
week; no reasonable offer refused.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
$2250 — THE handsomest new house "ever con-
structed for eale in this city.
Space too erpensove to extol all of its
charming qualities as to location, construc-
tion, etc Any one wishing to buy a home on
. n*y terms can get a bargain. It is only
necessary to see the property to be con-
vinced of its charming qualities and the low
price asked for the property. The owner
will make very easy terms to the buyer
v.ho means business, i
J. S. MYERS A CO.
"¦ ¦'/-• 10C2 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
J1C00— LITTLE or no cash down; $15 each
month; I rooms, bath and basement; Bunny
eide, near 6an Pablo avenue; street work all
done will rent for $10 per month and pay for
Itself. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland. „
|1$00— JUST like rent; 9 rooms, bath, basement,
«tc; lot 40x120; coet $2500; eunny side; near
Ean Pablo ave.: $20 per month installments;
near the local railroad station.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100? Broadway. Oakland.
J2500— JDOO CASH: balance on ea-y terms; pret-
ty Eastlake cottage: 6 rooms, bath, hall, blffh
basement: 2 bay windows; newly painted;
nice open lawn and cemfent walks; select lo-
cality: one block from Broadway; cost $3500.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
tlOCO CASH. Se 60 monthly— A model 6-room
cottage, chicken shed. barn, atable. immense
fruit trees; small assorted fruit; a lovely,
garden of vegetables; flowers in profusion;
hlRh ground and level: lot 40x160; more land
can be had cheap; city water; close to a fine
public school and 3 churchesrone block from
electric car line; this is a grand ready-made
home and one rare to find; price in all, $1X00;
no fogs nor cold winds; adjoining Ea*t Oak-
land. Call or send for circular. 456 Seventh
«?-. opposite Broadway station. Oakland; car-
rlages free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
STOP paying rent— 5-room cottage, bath
pantry, high basement^ fruit trees, fine well
of water, windmill and tank, large lot. street
work done, fenced and cross fenced, price
tl250; terms, $100 cash, balance $15 month;
new up to date 2-story 8-room house, porce-
lain tub. gas and electric fixtures, high con-
crete foundation, street work done, choice
location, close to station and street cars;
price $2500; very easy terms. »
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin sta-
tion; office west ei-e of R. R. track; open
Sundays. RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
«500— ALICE et.. Lakesid« district; sacrifice;
room residence : large lot: offer wanted.
Lsymance Real Estate Co.. 460-462 Eighth st.
O-kUad.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
— OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ." , -
$300 CASH, |20 monthly; up-to-date, modern J-
story house of 9 rooms;' all conveniences;
large lot, 150 ft. deep, on Frultvale ave.; no
fogs nor raw winds; a lovely home at a bar-
gain: price all told, $2750: will make terms
to suit or discount for* cash. 455 Seventh st.
opposite Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
, free. H. Z. JONES, owner. '
CHEAPEST and best In America.— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, cent to any address • in • the
United States or Canada one year for %1.
. OAKLAND F1K > IT t ' K K 'Ft) ' R ¦**}£•
' AN introduction to you. from H. ¦ Schellhaas, the.
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. _
BAKER, 1718, near California — Two front
rooms, unfurnished; bath; light housekeeping.
CENTRAL AVE.. 722. near McAllister— Three'
L or five rooms; furnished; housekeeping; coal
i etove. - . ¦ '¦-•¦" -~-
1 DALE place, 22. oft Golden Gate ave., bet.'
Leav-nworth and Hyde— 2 sunny • rooms for
housekeeping; also single room, suitable for
couple. '": '¦
! ELEVENTH. »t— 2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping. - " ¦• - : •
' ELLIS, 639, corner Larkln— Large sunny bay-
window; use of kltcfcen: other rooms, til up.
FIFTH. 248 — Suite of rooms for housekeeping;
rent cheap. . . • '
i FOLSOM. 776%— Neatly furnished . bay-window
; room; also 2 connecting room's; reasonable.
. GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 622—2 sunny front
, rooms, furnished; gas, running water, etc -..
GOUGH, 115— Sunny handsome rooms; gas
range; bath; heater; phone; ?9 to $22.
HOWARD. 1C63— 1 comp. furn. front bay win-
dow housekpg. rms.: elec. lights: $12; others.
1 HYDE, Tl2— Just furnished, front suite, house-
keeping; also large front suite, private, bath;
other rooms: reasonable; modern.
LEAVENWORTH, 1521—8 or 3 rooms, furnished
or unfurnished; private family; rent cheap.
MARKET, 2119, near Guerrero— Front room fur-
nished; light housekeeping.
MINNA, 172— Large sunny bay-window' room
for light housekeeping; no children. '
MISSION, 2512—3 or 4 rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; stove; use of bath.
NATOMA, 284, near Fourth— Two furnished
housekeeping rooms; water, sink and closets.
NINTH. 113 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms; run- [
ning water; bath; reasonable. • ¦ . ¦
OAK, 119—1 large sunny front room, furnished
for housekeeping: clean; closet; $9 50.
O'FARRET.T.. 776 — Sunny basement rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; rent SS
and $10. , :i .
POLK, 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
.furnished for housekeeping; $15 np; reference.
POWELL. 15 — Two housekeeping: rooms, $12;
other rooms. . .
POWELL, _01— 2 or 3 large connecting rms for
housekeeping; gas, bath, sink; single rooms.
I PRIVATE family — 2 large front rooms; use of
kitchen; laundry; $10; 2 .ladies. Address
Branch Office, 527 Montgomery st.
SIXTH, 123V4— Nicely furnished front rooms;
light -housekeeping if required; gaa; house
quiet.
SUTTER, 2620— Bedroom, dining-room, kitchen:
bsth; furnished complete.
THIRTEENTH, 1S9, cor. Howard-Newly fur.
suit rme.. complete housekpg.; man and wife.
THIRTEENTH. 218— 2 sunny rooms lor house-
keeping; unfurnished; second floor. .
TURK, 531— New house, just opened; suites of
2 to 10 rooms for housekeeping.
TWENTT-THIRD. 37IS. near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice; neat; complete.
VALENCIA, 120S^— 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms; use of bath; $10.
VALENCIA, 1232 — 2 sunny rooms furnished;
housekeeping-; g^s; bath; near depot.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A CRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nnd Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 221 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
larjf rooms. 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth-Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping -rooms; open all night. '
A— MARKET. 1049A— Nicely furnished suites.
$15 per month up; singles. $5 per month up.
BURNETT^ 142S Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.'
EIGHTEENTH, 4548, near Douglass— Nicely
furnished single and double.
FOLSOM, 5G6A— By a German family unencum-
bered; 2 email furnished hall rooms with bath.
FOLSOM. S3* — Sunny front rurnisbed room;
closet; private; with bath; $1 20 a week.
FRANCISCO— Elegant euites;slngle with baths;
transient. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 730— Front sunny room;
back hall room: bath; private; reasonable.
HARRISON. 7S4%, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished front rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; II week "up.
HOTEL Graystone. 66 G«ary st. — New 6-story
fireproof hotel: electric light and elevator; un-
questionably the most luxuriously furnished
in the city; steam heat; private baths; one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
St., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references.
HOWARD. 830 (Boston House)— Furnished
rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c; neat and clean.
HTDE. 299— Lovely large corner suites and
single rooms; private bath,
KEARNY. 34. and 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices ; rent reasonable.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day.up.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished ; private: bath; single rooms $10 up.
McCLELLAND. 200 Turk St.— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms; also transient.
McALLISTER, 513, near Van Ness ave.— Neat
furnished front room, with gas and running
water: suitable for two.-
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights: day, week, mo.
OXFORD. 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up;, transient. .
POST. 943 — A nicely furnished bay-window,
alcove room; running water.
POWELL. 207 (changed hands) — Nicely, fur-
nished rms., en suite or sin.; baths; transient.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week. $2 to
$8: month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. ¦ ,
STOCKTON, 3?2— The Ottlngton— Few choice
- feultes and several small rooms; cheap.-
EUNBERG, 315 Ellis— Nice sunny rooms, en
suite or single; hot and cold water; meals
optional. ¦ -'-.-. ' . '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore. st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements, and
nubecriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - '
KOO.MJt AM) HIUHD..
AN exceptional table ;. pleasant rooms; good
eervlce; poptyjar rates. 807 California St.
PINE, 1222 (old\Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nlshed sunny rooms, en suite & single ; board.
THE Victor. 1006 Pine— New management: thor-'
oughly renovated; sunny suites with board.
THE CrocKer, 915 Leavenwo Ih— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE HEATH. 812 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
' front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Butter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suites. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional. :
ROOMS "WANTED. ¦
GENTLEMAN desires room, with or without
' bath. In a desirable locality; Mate price per
. week and month.. Box, 3484, Call office.
WANTED— By two~ adults; , small suite fur-
nished housekeeping rooms. Box 3492. Call.
~~~ SPECIAL NOTICES. ~~
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
¦ CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19, ¦ tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of. men treated; con-
eultatlon free. American Dispensary. Eli Ploe.
SK WI XQ MACHINES AMD SPPPLIE S.
ALL kinds bought.; sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred: open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.*
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES. .'
PIERCE-KODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts. ; .tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
clon et.; tel. Howard 941.'- P. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKIN'S Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
.I...-- TO LEASE.
TO rent- or lease — 200 acres of land In Santa
Clara County; partly cleared; near -school and
railroad. Box 3498, Call.
"AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN^TTPEWRITERS^We
- sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. E36 California; telephone Main 26S.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your - work In - sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4S85.-
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $G0: antl- trust;
all makes; used machines, $10 up.-209Sansome..
- -. DIVIDEKD NOTICES. : l'."
DIVIDEND noticfr-ThT^ianr^o^der~Conv
pany. consolidated— A dividend. No. 31, of
seventy-flve cents (75c) per share on the is-
eued capital stock of the company has been
declared payable at . the office ' of the com-
pany, 435 -California st., San Francisco, on
July 10, 190L Transfer books close July. 3,
. 1901. at noon. A. A. . SPARKS, Secretary.
DIVIDEND ¦ Notice— Dividend No. 29 (thirty
f cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market st., on and after
WEDNESDAY. July 10. 1901. Transfer books
closed Saturday, June 29, 1901. at 12 o'clock
m.' E..H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Security Savings Bank. 222
Montgomery st.. Mills building— For the half
year endine June 29, 1901, dividend on term
deposits at the rate of three and six-tenths
(3 6-10) per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at" the rate of three (2) per cent per
annum, free of taxes, will be payable on and
after July 1, 190L
• S. L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market. McAllister and Jones
sts., San Kranclstfo, June 28, 1901 — At a regu-
• lar meeting of the board of directors of this
society, held this day. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three and one-eighth
(S\i%"> per cent per annum on all deposits
for the six months ending June 30, 1901, free
. from all taxes, and payable on and after
July 1, 1901. -
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
SAVINGS and Loan Society. 101 Montgomery
St., corner of Suttei 1 — The board of directors
. declared a dividend for the term ending: June
S SO. 1901. at the rate of three and one-eighth
(3W) per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes and payable on and after July 1, 1901.
Dividends not called for are . added to, and
bear the same rate of dividend aa. the prin-
cipal, from and after July 1, 1901. CYRUS
W. CARMAKY. Cashier. .
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings' Bank of
San Francisco. 33 Post st.— For the half year
ending June 30th. 1901. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three <S) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after MONDAY. July 1st, 1901.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, 6S2 Call-
fornla St.. corner Webb — For the half year
ending with the 30th of June 1901. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate per annum
of three and six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent on
term deposits and three (S) per cent on or-
dinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Monday. July 1, 1901. . ,¦ .
LOVELL. WHITE. Cashier.'
THE GERMAN SAVINGS 'AND LOAN SO-
ciety. £2« California at. -For the half year
ending with June 30, 1901, a dividend 1 has
be* n declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth (3%) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Monday, July 1. 190L -\- ¦ .
GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary st. — The directors have declared a div-
idend of 3H per cent per anoiun on its depos-
its, payable on nnd after .Tuljrl. 1901.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
WRECK OB* RIO— -r .A ~-™--~-~~~-~
To Whom It May Concern: The- under-
Bigned incorporators of the Rio Wrecking Co.
hereby give notice that we have located the
exact spot of the wreck and are using due
. diligence in preparing- the proper apparatus
to remove the cargo from said Fteamer, and
will maintain cur claim to salvage before a
court of law.
Stock subscription books .are open at the
office of the company, 445 Pariott Building-,
and a limited amount of stock for, sale at Mi
per share; par value $1. ** I ',
RIO WRECKING CO..
JOHN ROSS, Mgr.
J. J. Sullivan, Tom Olsen, James' McLaughlln.
• San Francisco, Cal.. June 27. 1901. ..." . -
MARRIAGE LICENSES. •
The following marriage licenses were lpaued
yesterday: ,• —
Fred G. Martin, -32, city, and Delphia S.
Goodin, 23, Dayton, Minn.
Arden H. Michener, 28, San Jose, and Alma
Hempel, 27, .Cherokee, Iowa.
Charles ' Coates, 31, Sacramento, and Mattie
Wilson, 22, city. . . ;
James Strachan, 39, -Colorado Springs, Colo.,
and Amy A. Shepherd, 25, Sydney, N. S. W.
Albert Hall, 22, 418 Ellis street, and Helen
Kenny, 20, Silver avenue.
William Armstrong, 30,. 323 Montgomery ave-
nue, and Dora B. Casey, 23, S23 Montgomery
avenue.
Harr.ey W. Getty, 28, 807 California street,
and Ethel K. Grogan, 19, 1625 Church street.
Bapttste J. Maurlno, 21, 510 Greenwich street,
and Elizabeth F. Kelly, 20, 5 Eldridge street.
Jacob Lang, 57, Fresno, and Maggie Dunphy,
39, city. • '
Robert S. Lees, 24, 954 Pine street, and Mabel
M. Curran, 21. 687 Bush street; -
Walter W. Hamilton. 23. G07A Waller street,
and Edna S. Frick. 18. 6O7A Waller street.
Olcott.J. Knapp. 41. 1128 Folsom street, and
Lizzie C. Elklns, 40. Halfmoon Bay. . .
Edson B. Spltler, .24, 750 O'Farrell street, and
Elizabeth F. Cuthbert, 23, Tiffin, Ohio. , i
Joseph P. Wilson, 22. Cloverdale, and Hor-
tense H. Rowland. 18. Healdsburg.
Angelo H. Arata, 26," 736H Vallejo street, and
Louise M. Bruecker, 19, 1513 Dupont street, f
Louts R. Burgess, 30,' Tacoma, Wash., and
Florence A. Davis, 27, southeast corner Scott
and Green streets.
J. Harry Brennan. 30, city, and Catherine
Gorman, 21. city. •
~BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. '
: Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication . offices and be
indorsed ' with the name and . residence of per-
sons authorized to have, the same published. .
BORN. \
DAVIS— In this city. June 29. 190L to the wife
of Charles E. Davjj, a daughter.
ESKILSON— In this city, June 19, 1901, ,to the
wife of Theoder Eskilson,' a daughter.
HATSCHEK— In this city, June 30. 1901, to the
wife of Arthur Hatschek, a daughter.
HOFFLAND— In this city, June 23, 1901, to the
wife of Fred Hoffland, a daughter. .
MELSOME— In this city, June 25, 190L to the
wife cf IV. H. Melsome, a daughter. \
REHFELD— In this city, June 26, 190L to the
wife of J. Rehfeld, a «on. , .
WALKER— In Oakland, June 18,' 1901, to the
wife of William A. Walker, a daughter.
MARRIED. ..¦¦•¦•¦'•¦ : ;. ~T
BAXTER— STITES— In San Rafael, June 80,
• 190Lr by the Rev.^William Marshall, Charles
Arthur -i Baxter and Estelle Stltes, both " of
• San' Francisco.
BEKNHEIM — RITTIGSTE1N— In this city,
• June 25, 1901, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Harry
\V. Bernheim of Napa and Susie Hittigsteln
of San Francisco. ' -¦¦¦• '•' - '- .
JACOBS— GOLDMAN— In this city, June 25,
1901, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
' Theodore, H. Jacobs of Marysvlilo and Belle
Goldman of San Francisco.
KELLER— DAVIS— In this city, June 30,' 1ML
by i the Rev. A. ' B. J. Brown, Michael ; S.
" Keller and Hanna Davis, both of San Fran-
Cisco. ' ' - -' . • ' -
LITTLEFIELD— FENWICK— In this city, June
30, 1901, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
"¦. John-LUtlefleld and""Annie Fenwjck, both of
vSan ' Francisco. .T - ¦ - '. •' < " , . , . " •
LOWENTHAlr— BAUM— In-Hhis city, June 23.
¦•¦1801, -<by Rabbi Isidore Myers, ¦ Max Lowen-
I thai end" Haydee Baum, | both of San Frart-
T ; CiSCO. •¦-¦¦ .':;..-¦.¦,' :¦'. 'i :'¦'-¦ ': . .
REUBEN— WOLLFSON— In this city, June 30."
lfOl. by Rabbi Isidore \ Myers, Joseph Reuben
and Mollie Wollf son, both of San Francisco.
SCHLICHTING— BUCKING^In this city, June
29, 1901, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Hermann
• Schllchtlng. and!. Augusta Bucking.^: — . /,. x
TIDDY— DRAKE— In this city, • June 12, 1901,
by the Rev. E. J. Lion, Frank W. Tiddy and
Daisy W. Drake. . ¦ .
VON ASWEGEN— EASTON-In this city, June
27. 1901. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Chrls-
' toph von Aswegen and Ida Easton.
YOUNG— HENKEL— In this city, June 30. 1901,
by the Rev. J. M.BuehJer, Henry Young and
Mlnnie-Henkelr .„-• ' '.:"..
— — — DIED. ™
Ballinger. .William Rice. Charles A., -
Cahn, Israel v- / Rosenbaum; Henry-,.
' Conley, Mary. T. ' Schubert," Louis V ¦¦-/
Daly, ¦ Bridget • • Sherry, Henry. S. ..',-!
English/John M. " Spille, Nicholas
Knright, Thomas - . Stelffer, Helen '.
Gifford, Elizabeth Stephens,- Patrick B.
•' Hart, A. L, . . : Stevens/- Coleman ;'
V .ADVEBTISEMENTS.
UNITED - STATES BRANCH.
OF THE •
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THEr
SCOTTISH UNION
' AND NATIONAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH. ! Scotland, on the 31st day
of December, A. D. 1900, and for the year
ending on. that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $218,457 66
Loans 'on Bonds and Mortgages 1,064,050 17
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,040,363 35
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral...'.. 2,600 00
Cash in Company's Office 683 74
Cash In Banks 619,627 M
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 23,402 40
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages M.S56 54
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion : 431.133 4«
Total Assets ...................... ..S4.312.983 80
KJ &'>¦-¦'/. LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $76,253 81
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 151.411 77
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 12,300 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,390,594 75;
reinsurance 60 per cent.. 695,297 J7
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,931.-
096 71; reinsurance pro rata 960,49189
Due, and accrued for salaries, rent. -
etc. • • 5,000 00
All other liabilities 188,174 07
Total Liabilities .13.038.923 91
; INCOME.' ==—===—
-Net cash actually received for Fir«
premiums . .'.- $1,933,994 83
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 60,266 72
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources....... 77.631 51
Received for Rents 2.159 82
Total Income J3.OSO.072 8$
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $245,293 35, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,339,865 73
Fatd or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 393.435 61
Paid for Salarier, Fees, and other
charees for officers, clerks, etc.... , 91,960 07
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes »J.O24 90
All other payments and expenditures 116.2S3 50
Total Expenditures .............. 42.075.619 81
- " ; Fire.
Losses Incurred durlag the year. $1,343,071 72
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written' during ths
year $357,430,804 $3,433.140 63
Net amount of Risks
expired during ¦ the
year... 315,081,851 2,983,92148
Net amount in force
December 31, 1900 382.670.794 3.S41.691 46
JAS. H. BREWSTZR, U. S. Manager,
. • ¦ Hartford, Conn.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thia 22J
day of January, 1901.
CLARKSON N. FOWLER.
• --. . ¦ Notary Public.
T. J. A. TIBDEMANN,
General Agent Pacific Coast Department.
439 CALIFORNIA STREET,
Safe Deposit Building.
CALIFOMU H0RTH1ESTEBH RI. CO.
' LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
-Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
— • San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, »:00, 11:00 a. m.; !_:».
S:20, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at 1:40
and 11:10 p. m. "• • "' • '
BUND ATS— 8:00, »:3Q. 11:00 ¦__; 1:30. »:».
6:00. f:20 v. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 1J:«.
1:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:10 ' 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. m. : '
Leave I In Effect I Arrlv*
: San Franclgco. [April 28. 1901.1 San Franclgco.
WeeK i Sun- I .'I Sun- I "Week
Pays. I days. I Destination. I days. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 110:40 am 8:40 am
5:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:03 pm 10:15 am
t :10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm «:20 pm
Fulton.
7:!0 am Windsor. 10:35 an
. 6:00 pm Healdsburs. 10:40 ara \
• . . . Lytton.
Geyservllle.
S:S0pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. I 7:S3 pm (:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pml 8:C0 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 8:iO pm
7:30 am • l°: <0 *m 10^3 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00pm 8:S0 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 ».ml 8:40 am
and
B:10 pml B:00 pm Glen Ellen. t:05 pml 6:?0 pm
7:S0anj| 8:00 ami .110:40 amjlO:K am
8:30 pml 5:00 pml SebaatopoL I 7:35 pmt 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphut Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at- Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville ror.Skass- Springs: at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan.
Bprlnss. Highland Fprlnjrs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprines. Soda Bay# Lakeport and BarUett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. 'L.lerl-y's. Bucknell'%
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*s Hot
Springs, llendoolno City. Fort Brass. West-
port. Usal. "Wiliits. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. • ' -
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. -.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafa»l at half rates.
Ticket Office. €50 Market street. ChronlcU
Bulldln*. ., . .;. " ¦ :
H. C. WHITINO. - R. X RTAN.
Gen. Manager.' -, Pen. Pass. Ay.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
" I Local ILlm'dlOvrrdl Local
I Dally I * I Dally 1 Dally
Lv. San Franl 7:20 a 8:00 a 8:00 p I 4:20 p
Ar: Stockton.llO:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
"Merced .112:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a I 9:11 p
" Fresno ..I 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 110:50 p
-•¦ Hanford .1 R^p J 3:27 p 7:08 a ...:....
• ". Vlsalia-.-l S:4<>p t..r 4:48a
•• Bakersf ldl 6:15 p I 5:20 p | 7:30 a
" Kans. Cyl........l 2:4fl a I 7:!W) a ........
". Chicago .1... |t:15p|9:00p
«. for mornlne. p for -^afternoon. .
, "9:00 a. rn. train ls the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only.
: carrying Palace PWpin* Cur- an<1 Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chatr Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
fir*t-clas3 pa-senger.«. Nn ' s"-cond-cla!«'» ;
tickets honored on thM train. Correspond- '
>ne train arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. , . - •
¦4:20 p. -m. is Stockton »nd ~r*-io local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:39 p. m-
dally . : '
8:00 r». m. In the Ov»rlan<I E— Dress, -wi^
; thiy>uph , Pa lace -»»n<l Tourist ; Sleep<«rs and
-Free TlAcllnir"? Chair Cars to Chlcagro:
. nlso -Paine* Sii>i>T>»r. whirh pti*« oot at
Fresno. train arrives at 5:5>
' p.* m. daily." • • ' :
i 7:?" s». '.'"•. !• • P«*«r*flrt<l t«o'H<l. ' ¦topwlnr
nt All^olnt 1 " i- Pan Jnaouln V«»ll»T. rnr-.
r per>nnrt'n( r *!»'"' •»""?"¦*• at 8:40 )t. n\. <^-|lv
Offlc«>«— B41 >f»'V»t F+i-»-t and In F-n-r
. r<<n>nt,'. San Francisco: 1112 'Broadway. Oak-'
T<""V '•• "¦ .-- ¦-•¦ -'¦'•¦ - ' ¦ ' ". ••-
____^____ ___ ___
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
.•: Via SausaJito . Ferry— Foot of Market St. -
Leave, San Fran. 'Arrive San Fran.
9:30 a: m.l .... ..WEEK DATS...... f 3:35 p.m.
1-43 p. m. VStay over nisht at the^ 5:55 p. m.
4:15 p. m.J ' . TAVERN. ... [ 8:43 a, m.
8:00 a. m.l . ¦ f 12:15 p. m.
9:Wa. m. r 'S j 1:15 p.m.
10:00 a.m. 1 SUNDAYS:. i 3:30 p.m.
ll:3aa.*m. . - j 4:50p.m.
! '1:30 p. m. , . . '1 6:R0 p. m.
2:30 p m. J — *¦• • - , .' {. 7ilO p. m.
'- On Thursday. July 4, trains will run on Sun-
day time. Fare, San Francisco to. Summit and
Return. . $1.40. Ticket Offices, Kl Market St-
and .gqumJlto Ferry- " " '•'. .
-.Holm.'Ora ;'. Wallmann (Infant)';'
McCarthy.- Cornelius . ¦ Whlttemore, Frank
McDonald, Joseph A.*. Wightman, Belle' ,
McGivney, ' John T. ; ' " Wilde,' William H.'.
Nourse, • George - A. ; ' .Wright, Newton -, ' ,
BALLINGER— In . this city, July 1. ' 1901, Wll-
'. , Ham G., father of George '. T.,'-. William J.,
Mn.y E. and Theodore E. ; Ballinger, a native
of Canada, aged 59 years 11 months and 1
day. •¦:.¦¦ ;. . - - ¦ '•'.-¦'¦
CyThe funeral will ¦ take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late rest-'
dence, 1516 , Baker street. • Interment Masonic
Cemetery.-- -_ .'- ' :,• .
CAHN— July 3,-1901, Israel Cahn. a native of
¦ Alsace, aged . 73 years. -, ' ;, -. - "¦.¦::..
tC7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
CONLET— In' this city, July 1, 190C Mary The-
resa Conley,' wife of the ¦ late . John ' Conley,
and beloved mother of .James and the late
.' Charles Conley and Annie T. McGary ' and
¦v Mamie E. J. Williamson, a native of New
York, ased 67 years. , .
DALY— In. this city, June - 30, 1901, Bridget
beloved-wife of the- late 'John Daly, and sis-
• ter of Mary Doolan - and Mrs. J. -O'Connor,'
a native of County Kerry, Ireland, > aged 60
years. .y ' , ' , - .
• ICTFriends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock,, from her late resi-
dence, 277 Stevenson , street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
I mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
commencing at 9 o'clock. ..Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. - '¦! ' ..
ENGLISH— In Oakland. July 1, 1901. John M.
English Jr., beloved son of John M. and
Alanuelita T. English, and brother of Fred
B. and Ada M. English and Mrs.- John Irwln,
born In. Alameda County, California, aged 25
years and 2 months. " ¦
S lC7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. ;
ENRIGHT — A month's mind requiem- mass
"will be celebrated to-morrow (Wednesday), at
¦ 8 o'clock, fof* the repose of the soul of the
late Thomas Enright at Holy Cross Church, .
Eddy street, near Scott, j Friends are respect-
fully Invited to attend.. •" . ;. '. ";
GIFFORD— In this city. July 1, 1901, Elizabeth
Glfford, a native of England, aged 71 years.
HART— June 30, 1901, A. L., husband of Mary
Hart, father of A. Xiorlng, Fred B. and Mary
B. Hart, and brother of Judge E. C, S. R.,
TV. C. Dr. A. C., R. R.. Masgle ( and Lrfjla
Hart, Mrs. Richard Jones and Mrs. Steven
Addington, a native of Indiana, aged 51
.years. ¦.¦,¦,' . ¦'.-' '¦ ¦ ; ' ' ¦'
. , ET Notice of funeral hereafter. - \.
HOLM— In this city, June 30. 1901, Ora Holm.
- a native of England, aged 33 years and 1
month. ' ,. . "
MCCARTHY— In this city, June 30, 1901, Cor-
nelius J., dearly beloved son of Maria and
the late Florence McCarthy, and ; brother of
John F., Nellie. Josephine. Eddy and Charles
McCarthy, a native of San Francisco, aged 26
years 5 months and 11 days.
McDONALD-In this city, July L 19o£ Joseph
: A., dearly beloved son of Patrick and the
late Anne' Rice McDonald, < and beloved
brother, of William. Clara, Charlotte. Annie,
| George, ¦ Walter, . Belle , and the late Mary
McDonald, a native of San Francisco, aged
31 years. •;..'.• ' v -. , J . "~
Cf Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
o'clock, from his late residence. 223 Ful-
. ton street. . thence .to St. Mary's Cathedral.
¦ where' a requiem mass will be celebrated for
j the repose of hli soul, commencing: at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McGIVNEY— In this city, July 1. - 1901. - John
. T., beloved husband of • Katie McGivney,
father of Grace Lillian : and Genevleve Mc-
Glvney, son of Thomas and Bridget McGlv-
1 ney, and brother of Mrs. Edmond Lefevre
and- the late Mrs.' Roudalphe, a native of
"-Boston, Mass., aged 37 years 10 months and
. 26 days. - : ' ¦ " • '
NOURSE— In Fresno. Cal.; June .8, 1901, In
his 77th year, George A. Nourse, a native of
Hallowell, Maine. ' •
RICE— Charles A. Rice, beloved husband of
Tlllle R. Rice, a native of New York City.
. aged 41 years. . .
ROSENBAUM— In this city, June 29, 1901,
Henry, beloved husband of Bertha Rosen-
baum, and brother of Adolph and Teresa
Rosenbaum, a native of Hungary, aged 43
years and 6 months. • . ¦ . ; .
(C7"Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from hia late resi-
dence. 1923 Ellis street. Interment Salem
Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train from Thirl
and Townsend streets. '
SCHUBERT— In Oakland, June 30, '1901. Louis.'
husband of Katharine Schubert, a native of
Germany, aged 50 years 3 months and 5 days.
JE7"Friend9 and acauaintunces are respect-
! fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at the
chupt-l 'of Albert Brown, 468 Thirteenth
street. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
SHERRY— Drowned at Benlcia, June 23, J901,
• Henry S., beloved son of the late M. L. and
¦ Margaret Sherry, and brother of Mary. John
and Jennie Sherry and Mrs. W. B. White, a
'native of California, aged 23 years. (Cleve-
land, Ohio, papers please copy.)
SPILLE— In this city, June 30, 1901, Nicholas
Spille, a native of Lemwerder, . Oldenburg, -
Germany, aged- 37 years 1 month and 6 days.
A member of ¦ Court Hubertus No. 15. . F.
cf A. ' 4
{Ey Friends and acquaintances. are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
¦parlors of ; H. - F, . -Maass, 917" Mission street.
Intern.ent I. O., O.. F. Cemetery; - ¦¦ ¦ .
STB1GER (nee HARMAN)— In this city, July
1; 19C1. Helen. ' beloved wife of - Andrew C.
Stelger, mother of Myrtle and Russell Stei-'
ger, daughter of Sarah and the late William
Harman, -and sister of ¦¦; William, Frank,
¦ ¦ Georjte and Sadie Harman. a native of San
Krunclsco, aged 28 years 11 months and 20
I days. - ¦.<¦.-.. .-', ¦ ¦ . ¦ •'. - ¦ • ¦ ¦••' ¦
STEPHENS-In this city, June 30, 1901. Patrick
B., beloved husband of the late Sarah Steph-
ens,'- a native of County Donegal, Ireland,
aged- 62 years and 7 months. ¦ .'-...'• <_¦.-¦'
|E~The f uaeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, '547 Page street, thence to' Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery. •
STEVENS— In this city, June 30, 1901, Cole-
man Stevens,, husband of the late Ann Ste-
vens, and father of Mrs. H. J. Brady nnd
•John R. Stevens. * a native of Orange County,
N. Y-, aged SO years S months and 10 days.
(New York papers please copy.) .-.
1 [C?"The funeral will talte place this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near ITarket. » Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. , ,
WALLMANN-'In. East Oakland, July 1. 1901,
infant son of Rudolph and Annie Wallmann,
a native of East Oakland.
WHITTEMORE— In this city, July 1, 1901,
Frank H. Whittemore, a native of Boston,
Mass., aged 50. years and 10 months.
¦WIGHTMAN— In this city. July 1, 1901, Belle.
. beloved daughter of Mrs. Anna WIghtman.
and sister of W. T. Wightman, a native of
New York.. . - ' . ¦,/.—..
|E~The funeral services this day (Tuesday),
• at 11 o'clock, at the chapel at I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. ¦ .-. ¦"--.,- , .- ; .' .'..-¦.
WILDE— In this city, June 30, 1901, William
H. Wilde, beloved son ;of Peter and Sarah
Wilde,' and brother, of George, James, Peter,
Annie and May Wilde and Mrs. Eliza Hop-
per and Sarah Helm, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 19 years and 4 months. . '. -.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence; 745. Folsom street, under the auspices
of the International Brotherhood of Electrical
Workers, Loral No. 151. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock train from
Thlrdiajid. Townsend streets.
WRIGHT— In Arbuclde, Cal., June 80, . 1901,
•Newton Wright, husband of the late Salome
L. Wright, and beloved brother of Arthur G.
Wrlebt. Mrs. M. ; A. - William* and ¦ Mrs. R.
M. Baker, a native of San Pablo, Cal., aged
42 years 4 months and 4 days. , ' ' ..
(ETFrlends and ! acquaintance! are respect-
fully Invited to. attend 'the funeral : services
this day: (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the Ma-
sonic" Temcle, corner Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices - of - California
Lodge No. 1, F. and A. M. Interment Laurel
v Hill Cemetery. . ' : . ¦/,
HENRY J^GALLAGHER CO.
- lEuccessor to Flannagan &" Gallaghor.* .
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, M»r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEA3,
io Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. - ;
Telephone South -80. I - • .:
"EuTge^e"^cGmrrT^^^l!lcTnm5™_!RO l sri
Funeral - Directors and Embalmers,
31 EDDY STREET. :.
Telephone South 252. • • San Francisco.
.No Connectlon_VVIth_Anv Other House.
;:':'' Greorge Price Dies of Wounds.
"¦ George' Price, the^ colored . soldier . who
was accidentally stfot Sunday' afternoon
uy Frank Bonettl, a clerk in a gun store
at 221 Montgomery avenue, died yester-
day morning at' 9 o'clock in the General
Emergency Hospital..- As soon a3 It was
announced that - Price - had sucpumbed to
hisvinjuries Bonettl " was r^harged with
•manslaughter. He was subsequently /re-
leased on $1000 bail.' Among the dead boI-
dier's effects was found his discharge,
which showed . that., on October -11,' at
Carlisle, Ky:, he" had I enlisted in Company
G of the Forty-eighth Regiment, v In , his
pockets: was 'also found $150 of. the money
he received when he was mustered out
Sunday at the Presidio. The body was
removed to the Morgue. '
"'_;." ¦. ._x ¦ ? . — '_' .' ','.,:-
" Civil", Service Taxes.
The United { States . Civil i Service - Com-
i mission announces that! on the dates here
mentioned examinations : will ¦:. be -held- in
every<city In- the United States where free
postal r delivery has. been established for
theV following •» positions: -July ' 23, 1901—
Storekeeper's . clerk, , ordnance " department
at'large,- Benicia -Arsenal/ California; sal-
ary; $1200 per. annum. >¦< August 20^ and 21;
1901— Inspector of boilers, steamboat 'in-
spection > service,' Nashville; Term. ;-, salary
$1200 ! per • annum, ' and ; to ; » a ) similar posl-'
tlon at Dubuque, Iowa, salary $1500.i Per-
sons who; desire -to, compete should apply
at once to the ; commission *t Washingtou
for application ¦ forms. TjSjsgM||^| - 'tIn framing approprlately^-so that' the
shape, - the . finish* and the S matting com
bine in perfect harmony— is magical. 1 ' -We
have •, all : the season's . pretty styles— and
there have never-been more artistic ef«
*tct». Call and see them. Sanborn, Vail
*Co..7U_M^rk ! t J! treet. . .
The Influence of. Art
The 'Fourth of July committee held) a
meeting,; last . evening at the California
Hotel and a few additions were made to
the programme for the observance of the
day. On account of the absence of Mayor
Phelan' from the city on that date Thomas
W. Hickey, chairman of the literary com
mittee, was appointed / president, of the
day. Manager McNeill , reported that re
served seats would be sold for the display
of fireworks at the Sixteenth and Folsom
streets grounds, but that the : general ad
mission would be free. The. band concerts
that are to be held at Union/Washington
and Columbia squares •will, be, given be
tween the hours^pf 2 and 5 p.m. .-;:.¦
'ourth of July Programme.
The Pension Commissioners met yester-l
day afternoon and retired Policemen Ed
ward Bode, J. C. Hall, Tim O'Grady and
John O'Connor on' half pay. With tha
exception of Bode all the men were re
tired on account of having been in the
service twenty-five years and attained the
age of 65 years.. Bode was . injured . in the
discharge of his duties, hence his being
placed on the retired list. ' ' ; ¦
Captain Gillin was given until the next
meeting ¦•• to show, cause " why, he should
not be pensioned. Gillin is now ¦ at the
springs almost a hopeless invalid, and
unless his condition materially | improves
the Commissioners Intend to retire him
on half pay. . V, { V
Police Retirements.
At the Pacific Union Club last- night R.
P. Schwerin, vice president and general
manager of the Pacific • Mall Steamship
Company, gave a farewell dinner in honor
of J. C. Stubbs, fourth vice president of
the Southern Pacific, who leaves for Chi
cago shortly to take the general traffic
management of the Harriman ¦ group of
railroads. Covers were laid for fifty in
the large dining room of the club and the
decorations of the rooms were most elab
orate. There were ferns and lilacs and
the centerpiece was . an ; enormous : con
struction of nodding brakes and great
bunches of lilacs. . •
The following named sat down to din
ner: ¦ | . •
"Wakefleld Baker, Alfred Bouvier, J. C. Stubbs
A. Chesebrough, George D. Cooper, W. h'
Crocker, D. W. Earl, Charles N. Felton, Jo
seph-A. Folger, Christian Froelich, William F.
Herrin, G. A. Hlgble, E. W. Hopkins, J. Krutt
schnitt. C. M. Hays, P. McG. McBean. E. O.
McCormick, G. W. McNear, "W. M. Newhall,
R. Oxnard, E.-S. Plllsbury, E. B. Pond, A.
Ponlatowskl, I. L. Requa, CM. Rlchter, ! R.
P. Schwerin, H. T. Scott, Irvinjr M. Scott, G.
W. Spencer, Claus Spreckels, William Sproule,
3. D. , Spreckels, : J. B. Stetson, F. J. Symmes,
W. C. Van Fleet, F..W. Van Slcklen, R. Watt.
F. W. Zelle, A. F. Morrison. J. L. Howard.
A. Center, G. W. Prescott, Exlwln Goodall, F.
de Pue, J. W. Byrne, C. E. Worden, Andrew
Carrigan. C. W. Howard, D. : D. Stubbs and
Joseph E. Stubbs. .; , ¦' ¦ • , ¦- -
SCHWERIN GIVES DINNER
IN HONOR OF STUBBS
Fifty Guests Sit Down in the Dining
':. * Room of Pacific Union
Shortridge Was Not There-
The Commissioners of Building and
Loan Associations met yesterday and se
lected D. W. Field, a newly appointed
Commissioner, to serve as president for
the. ensuing year. Mr. Field was appoint
ed on the commission to succeed Frank H.
Gould. Charles M. Shortridge, who was
recently appointed to succeed- E. D. Mc-
Cabe, did not attend the meeting yester
day. . Mr. McCabe still holds the works.
No Strike of Street-Sweepers.
"We put 100 of our old men to work on
the streets this morning," said G. F.
Gray of Gray Brothers, street-sweeping
contractors, yesterday. "We have had no
strike in the proper sense of the word.
Some of our men formed a Street Sweep
ers' Union weeks ago. We did not pay a
great deal of attention to that. Then they
got an idea that they might lose their
jobs, and on Wednesday night they held
a meeting, disbanded their union and that
vras the end of it. I did put some eight
or ten colored men at work, but they have
as good a right to -work for a living as
anybody else, and are good workmen. As
I said first. 100 experienced men reported
for duty this morning and were put on
their jobs." ¦
CUTS HIS THBOAT WITH
A RAZOR IN THE PARK
Body of Unidentified Man Found
Among Sand Dunes Near the
Ocean.
Constantine Cisneros, a boy, living with
his parents at 1317 Powell street, found
the body of a suicide yesterday morning
in Golden Gate Park. The boy was walk
ing- among the brush-covered sand dunes
not far frcm the life-saving station south
of. the Cliff House about 8 o'clock, and
he observed a strong odor proceeding from
a clump cf trees and bushes. Drawing
nearer to the spot he discovered the body
of a man. the clothing blood-stained and
en open razor lying near. The throat had
been cut.
The body was removed to the Morgue
and searched for evidence that might lead
to identification. Nothing was found in
the pockets but a carpenter's two-foot
rule, two lead pencils, a pocketknife and
two keys. The body was so much decom
posed that the features were unrecogniza
ble. It was that of a man about five feet
nine Inches tall arid was attired in a dark
suit, with" white shirt and turned-down
collar, black tla. black congress gaiters,
gray trousers and black slouch hat. ~. u?
Richard Bernstein, a 17-year-old lad, is
In the' city prison awaiting investigation
on several charges of burglary alleged to
have been committed within the past
¦week. According to the police records the
youth is exceptional in his criminal in
clinations, and has made accomplices of
several small boys, three of whom are un
der arrest with him. -
Three months ago Bernstein was re
turned to the Sheriff of this county from
the Whittier Reform School, whither he
had been sent for having committed a re
volting crime. His condutt about the in
stitution of reform became so obnoxious
that the superintendent would not Keep
him. and ordered him returned for trial.
Judge Cook was merciful and offered the
lad another chance upon . his promise to
appear in court once a month and to mend
his evil ways.
Now Detective Edward O'Dea has ac
cused the paroled offender of two burg
laries and expects to trace more deeds
to his door. On Sunday morning Bern
stein is said to have broken Into a grocery
store conducted by Dreyfus & Constlne
at 1695 Geary street. After applying a
"jimmie" to the cash register and ex
tracting its contents he passed a
quantity of groceries out. to a number of
little boys whom he induced to accompany
him and disposed of his plunder in the
neighborhood. Three boys were* arrested
with . Bernstein. The other burglary was
committed in the Knickerbocker Hotel on
Van Ness avenue. One of the rooms in the
hostelry was rifled and $10 in cash taken.
YOUTH TO BE CHARGED
with: serious crimes
Kichard Bernstein, Who Proved Con
taminating 1 at Reform School,
Again Behind Bars.
It is an ideal place for after-theater
suppers, as well as for lunches and din
ners. Besides catering to the patrons of
the grill and restaurant he will supply
parties and weddings at short notice. -
M*"- Breuss has displayed in his window
a punch bowl that cost $250, which he Is
giving as a prize to tue Schuetzen Club. •
The well-known Breuss Cafe/ bakery
and lunchrooms, 70 Third Btreet, after
having been closed for several weeks on
account -of the strike, has reopened. All
the appointments are modern and the ser
vice is first class. The place is fitted up
with the, latest electrical appliances, the
interior is one of the most attractive din
ing places in San Francisco and the ser
vice cannot be surpassed. Mr. Breuss
makes a specialty of. coffee, which he
roasts on the premises by a new electrical
process.
There are separate apartments for la
dies and parties. . ¦
BREUSS CAFE
* HAS REOPENED
- "We are not borrowing a great deal of
trouble about the strike of the men em
ployed by the American Steel Hoop Com
pany,'" Bald Grove L. Ayers, manager for
Holbrook. Merrill & Stetson, yesterday.
"All the Eastern mills are crowded with
¦work now, and we have considerable dif
ficulty in having .our orders filled. Of
course, a strike at this time will not make
our troubles any the less. But beyond the
difficulty of filling orders for sheet metal
and hoop iron I do not think the strike
will be lelt in San Francisco. But little
sheet iron is manufactured on this coast.
Our whole trouble will be the difficulty
In filling orders promptly in the East."
"We have a few men at work making
black iron," said Irwin Ayers of the Pa
cific Sheet Metal Works. "They are at
wprk now, and if they have been ordered
to strike I will know it no sooner than
anvbodv else. I know nothing about the
strike of the sheet metal workers beyond
what I have seen in the dispatches to the
newspapers. Our own men have given no
signs of tlissatisf action."
,A11 the "black" iron workers in the city
*fere at work as usual yesterday, and
there were no indications that a strike
was in prospect. Some of these men are
employed by W. W. Montague & Co. and
others by Francis Smith & Co.
The Sheet Metal Strike.
Carpenters Will 2Tot Change Building
Trades' Constitution.
At the meeting of Carpenters* Union
Ko. 483 held last night 1T5 members voted
against the proposed revision of the con
stitution of the Building Trades Council.
The reason given by the members who
voted "nay" was that the proposed change
in ' the constitution repudiated national
unions and afforded an opportunity for
the centralization of power.
The union also withdrew its support
from Organized Labor on the ground that
the paper no longer represented organized
labor.
The dues of the members of the union
•were raised from 60 to 75 cents per month
by an almost unanimous vote.
OPPOSE CENTRALIZATION".
The Join executive committee of the
Wholesale Butchers* Association and of
I the Retail and Jobbing Butchers held a
meeting yesterday afternoon and agreed
to furnish no more meat to restaurants
displaying the union card.
Last night, notices were sent to, all the
restaurants in the city to the effect that
after 3 o'clock to-day no more meat would
be furnished to restaurants displaying
the union card. This practically settles
the strike, the wholesole butchers being
all Included in the agreement. It is un
derstood that the wholesale oyster deal
ers intend to take similar action. I
It is claimed by the Cooks* and Waiters
Union that there are upward of 200 union
restaurants in the city, but the -whole
salers say they have only been able to
find about 130.
The petition for an injunction against
the restaurant pickets came up' on the
calendar yesterday in the United States
Circuit Court. Judge Morrow postponed
the hearing of the argument until next
Monday and intimated that even then he
k might not be ready to hear it.
San Francisco Typographical Union No.
21 has decided to assess its members 2 per
cent of weekly salaries for an indefinite
period to assist the striking machinists.
Cards.
Dealers Decide to Refuse
Meat to Restaurants "With
Strike. ;
in Regard to Waiters'
Summary .Action Taken
BUTCHERS SAY
CARDS MUST GO
Three years ago Morosco built one of the
finest country homes in the State on his
farm In the Fruitvale hills. Of late the
active management ¦ of his theater has
been In the hands of his son. while his at
tention has been devoted to his horses and
other blood stock of his farm. His latest
fad is a team of ten Shetland ponies
driven tandem fashion. He announces
that he will not re-enter the theatrical
field, either as manager or proprietor. '
It was in 1886 that Morosco opened Union
Hall on Howard street, afterward known
as Morosco's Theater. He installed there
San Francisco's first stock company pfay
ing at popular prices.
After eight years, in which he amassed a
considerable fortune, he disposed of the
Howard-street playhouse and took a lease
on the Grand Opera-house, in 1894. He fol
lowed the same policy there, but on a more
ambitious scale, always . priding himself
upon furnishing amusement to the
humbler classes.
Morosco made a tour of the coast with
Sherman's circus in 1884, and afterward
took the show to the Hawaiian Islands.
In 18S5 he opened the Wigwam, located on
the present site of the Spring Valley
Waterworks Building, as an amusement
house. If had previously been used for
political meetings. He nrst Installed a cir
cus in it and it developed into variety and
then into vaudeville, the Orpheum being
the final outcome.
IiOng Career as Manager.
In 1SS0 Morosco became manager of Dan
Rice's circus. He came to San Francisco
in 1882 and with his son, Harry Morosco,
appeared in Andrews & Stockwell's stock
company production of "Humpty
Dumpty" at the Grand Opera-house, of
which theater he secured control just
twelve years later.
The sale of the Grand Opera-house
marks the retirement of Walter Morosco
from the theatrical field..
The veteran manager and proprietor be
gan as a circus rider and acrobat, at the
age of 15. His real name is Walter
Bishop. That is the name upon the door
plate of his elegant country home in the
Fruitvale hills, and the name he uses in
private business transactions. Lewis H.
Bishop, financial manager of ' the Grand
Opera-house, is his half-brother.
Morosco's father, Joel Bishop, was a
Guilford, Conn., merchant of old May
flower stock. His son Walter left home
at 15 to join a circus and took the name of
Walter Melville. Finding that other acro
bats bore the name of Melville he changed
to that of Walter Morosco and had the
name copyrighted. And as Morosco has
he always been known here, and his son
and his son's children, though Bishop is
the name of the three generations.
Retires From Theatrical Field.
The theatrical investments of Messrs.
Ackerman and Meyerfeld have in the past
been limited to vaudeville houses. Meyer
feld is president of the Orpheum Circuit
Company. Ackerman is president of the
reorganized Chutes Company. Both are
heavy stockholders in each of these, and
also in the Olympia. The purchase of the
Grand Opera-house is their first Invest
ment in a playhouse devoted to the dra
ma. The new company will be incorpo
rated within a iew days. It will be a close
corporation, with a few other stockholders
besides the three named.
It is said that Morosco has expended
$100,000 on . the furnishings of the play
house during the last seven years. Two
years ago he refurnished it at a cost of
$40,000. The electric lighting system alone
cost $10,000.
From Vaudeville to Drama.
Other parties approached Morosco re
cently with a view to the purchase of the
theater, among them a client of Otto I.
Wise. Morosco named his price, but the
deal was not made. Knowledge of the ne
gotiations came to Messrs Ackerman and
Meyerfeld, and they conceived the idea of
adding • to their theatrical investments.
Mr. Ackerman conducted the
for the proposed company. I
Morosco stipulated from the start that
his son, Harry Morosco, should have a
one-fourth interest in the new corpora
tion, and the sale was made under such
arrangement.
The Grand Opera-house was purchased
yesterday from Walter Morosco by a com
pany of which Charles L. Ackerman, Mor
ris Meyerfeld and Harry Morosco are the
organizers, and which will be incorporated
under the name of the Grand Opera-house
Company.. The transfer of ownership will
not affect the policy of the management,
and a stock company will be;installed at
the close of the Frawley season of eight
weeks, under the management of Harry
Morosco. There will be the regular grand
opera season, as last year.
The purchase price was $60,000, and the
transfer included a three-year, lease, of
which but two months has expired, an op
tion for a five-year lease at the expiration
of the present '.ease and all the furnishings
of the opera-house. The building is owned
by James L. Flood and John "W. Mackay.
Negotiations between the purchasers
and Morosco began but four days before
the consummation of the sale. Agreement
was reached tsunday and the tirst pay
ment was made yesterday, Charles L.
Ackerman receiving for himself and asso
ciates the lease and option and a bill of
sale for the theater furnishings.
Policy of the Grand Will' Not
Be Changed by New
Mi$ Owners.
Ackerman and Mey erfeld
Head Purchasing •%:
Company.
MOROSCO SELLS
HIS PLAYHOUSE
¦ Neil McCarthy, a plumber residing . at
316 Chestnut street, committed suicide, by
leaping from a seventy- five-foot (bluff at
the end of Kearny street early Sunday
morning. ' The body was discovered yes
terday afternoon under a pile of frames,
where the unfortunate man had dragged
himself after he had made the fatal jump
and just before he .expired, j McCarthy
was suffering from dementia, due to the
excessive use of "intoxicants, when he
rushed from his home to the scene $t his
death, attired only in an undershirt.'
McCarthy had been drinking for some
time. He. was arrested several days ago
by Sergeant of Police Christiansen and
Officer Robert Silver after, a desperate
struggle on Stocktqn street. After his re
lease from jail he was sent to his home,
where his relatives attempted to care for
him.
Sunday morning the unfortunate man
became violent and could • not be con
trolled. He jumped out of bed and before
he could be stopped ran Into the street.
He was soon lost to sight and all effort
to find a trace of him proved futile. For
two days friends conducted a search, but
the demented man could not be located, j
Yesterday afternoon Morris Halloran,
employed as a. watchman for a North"
Beach iron works, located the body of Mc-
Carthy under the pile of molders' frames
and reported the case to the Morgue. Mc-
Carthy had fractured both legs, by the
fall and bled to death.
Neil McCarthy Springs From
Telegraph Hill to Rocks
f'X^f: Below.
Demented Man's Tragic
Suicide at Nortli
Beachi
LEAPS TO DEATH
FROM A BLUFF
THE SAN :rE AJ5TC1SCO CALLi Y, *JX) LY 2, 1901.
. 0, B,. Macy was arrested yesterday aft-?
ernoon < on a "warrant : charging him with
threats to kill, . The complaining .witness
jf J, V, Taylor, manager of the Rogers
Macy . "Wants to ¦ Kill,
'-:, The '•¦ only : route • having ; through ' sleeping
car service between, San Francisco and St.
Louis J daily. >¦ Stop-overs allowed at • Salt
Lake City, . ; ; For > full information ask L.
M. Fletcher, 212 California street. '• ¦ •
"The Missouri ', Pacific: Limited"
'Southern Pacific will sell Fourth of July
excursion tickets at low rates! from every
ticket office on the system. On sale' July 3
and 4,"-' limited' to 'July. 8. For details in
quire of nearest agent, or at 613 Market
street,- V ,. ••- . ¦ .=¦" - ¦ V: .- -.'
"Low Bates All Over the State,
, Secretary w;.M.Weil\ of. the California
Colony Association I says the .work of ..the
information bureau -has resulted most suc
cessfully : so far."- , During ' the month ; of
June; $54,000 .worth of land • was ! sold di
rectly through, the efforts of the associa
tion,- and forty-one people were settled in
the <. State. -; In addition ; employment has
been found for.' fifty .others, which" make^
a total- of ninety: people who • have > iden
tified their interests with ¦ those of Cali
fornia." The organization has been in ac
tive operation : but : three months, and-re
sults are highly satisfactory .to the com
mercial i bodies of ; this : city,™ under whose
auspices i the v work was Inaugurated.' It
Is ¦¦ expected •:* that the -.Epworth- League
convention will bring hundreds of people
to California .who ' may be induced i to lo
cate here permanently,' and' the efforts of
the association will be * directed v strongly
to'thia end.- ;¦ ' -.-, ¦ -¦ - . .¦,---.;';,; - 7 . : . *
Information Bureau Successful.
Theodore Gamble, the actor, was charg
ed i with assault 'to murder at the | City.
Prison .yesterday -morning'for brutally
beating May Gamble In the Leepalmer
House Friday : morning. The police have
been notified that the woman will be able
to leave the private hospital - on ' Sutter
street in three *or four days,.
Gamble Is Charged.
Michael, alias Martin, Shaw, who, was
ordered into : custody. Saturday, by. Judge
Mogan'on a charge of vagraney, -appeared
in : court :; yesterday and offered to plead
guilty, as he. was afraid a felony charge
might be brought against him." The Judge
sentenced, him ,to- six months in the "Coun
ty Jail, , and . remarked that > if he could
have made it six years it would have been
one of the pleasures of his life. \The deli
cate young girl,' Ethel Shaw, who for two
vears has been under the 'impression that
she had % been legally married to Shaw,
will be cared' for by. two philanthropic la
dies who read of her 'Story, in the news
papers. They are' Miss P. H. -Muller of
Hyde Park Court.^Albert Gate. London,
. and Miss 1 Clara Colby » of '.Washington,
D. C, who are both, in the city on a visit.
Miss ' Muller is ; going ; to " India to take
charge of ' the Crittenton Home there.
The* Judge -dismissed tne, charge of va
grancy against the \ girl; ¦' and she left the
courtroom* with :her.new!friends.,
Six I Months for Shaw.
William Rlpley, a quarryman employed
by Gray, Bros, at their quarry in San Ma
teo County, was caught between two load
ed cars yesterday and was badly crushed.
He was removed to the City and County
Hospital '. In one of the express wagons
from the. quarry. It is thought his inju
ries may prove fatal.
Caught Between Two Cars.
When the Readers Jn the. opposition
heard this disquieting rumor a committee
of deputies waited on Scott at his resi
dence and asked him point blank If he
had made the agreement mentioned with
the Mayor. Scott swore that he made no
such compact.
The deputies retired satisfied tha.t their
superior would not go back- on them.
They are still somewhat »perturbed over
the rumored intention of some of the dep
uties to retire from the fight against civil
service, and Casey's resignation has made
them still more uneasy.
The deputies have not drawn salary
for two months because of the protest
of the Mayor against their payment by
the Treasurer. Some of the deputies' are
chafing over the fact that they are not
drawing any pay. It was on the cards
that McCabe, Casey and Janes intended
to resign under an alleged agreement be
tween- Tax Collector Scott and Mayor
Phelan whereby the other deputies would
be discharged and the eligibles, certified
by. the commission,- would replace them.
This would- Insure the appointment of
Casey,. Salomon, Janes, Hume and Mc-
Cabe.
Al Lewald, another deputy, who did not
take the examination, sued out a restrain
ing order some time ago to prevent the
Civil Service Commission from interfering
with the positions of the deputies. Judge
Murasky has the case under advisement
and wi;l render a decision in a few- days.
.' Of the fifteen deputies employed in the
Tax and License offices only three w^re
sufficiently high on the eligible list to be
certain of certification by the Civil Ser
vice Commission. /They are Ben Salomor,
A. W. Janes and James McCabe. Since
the announcement of the eligible list
Casey and .William Hume would be as
sured of selection because several eligi
bles have either left the city or have been
appointed to other positions.
Edward J. Casey, one of Tax Collector
Scott's deputies, resigned his position yes
terday, and rumors are rife around the
City Hall that Casey's action is the be
ginning of a weakening in the opposition
to the appointment, of civil service el'gi
bles to succeed the deputies who refuse
to give up their positions. Casey gives as
the reason for his resignation that Coun
ty Clerk Deane has promised to appoint
him clerk, of the Police Court to succeed
J. J. Groom, who has resigned.
Civil Service.
From Fight Against
Some "Would Retire
TAX DEPUTIES
ARE WEAKENING
The Hayes Valley Athletic Club was re
fused a •• permit for • . a • boxing 1 exhibition
after Braunhart had opposed it on moral
grounds.
.. The resolution directing the Board to In
vestigate th© Peoples' Mutual Telephone
Company with _a view, toward" determin
ing if it has forfeited its franchise was
indefinitely postponed. ¦ - '
.A resolution was adopted commending
Assessor Dodge for increasing the assess
ment roll from $350,000,000 to $415,000,000. - '
The petition of -the. Board of Public
Works for authorization to paint the ex
terior of the Hall of Records at a cost of
$2000 . was referred to the Building Com
mittee. : - • - -•
Another protest was. filed with the Board
.of Supervisors yesterday by seven book
binding firms against the award of the
contract for the city's printing" to. the
Hayden Printing. Company. The ground
for the protest was stated to be - the rule
incorporated - in the , proposals providing
that no bids should be received from par
ties not regularly engaged in the business.
The protest was of no avail, however,
and the ordinance awarding the contract
was finally passed, because the rates for
printing are 20 'per cent lower than last
year. .
. Notice was served .on the Board that a
restraining order was . Issued at the in
stance of the Del Monte Milling Company
to 'restrain: the Board- from awarding the
contract for groceries to Hooper & Jen
nings because their bid was not accom
panied by the requisite 10 per cent check.
As the i city I institutions will suffer for
Uick of. the supplies, the case will be tried
immediately. • .
¦ The protest of "W. "W. Montague against
the award of the $10,000 contract for pipe
to the Dunham, Carrigan & Hayden
Company .. was : denied. '¦ The protest of
John Roebling's Sons against C. F. Sloane
for copper conduit wire was referred to a
joint committee for adjudication.
. James • Hagan ,- protested without avail
against the awarding of the oontract to
bury the indigent dead to Edward Kelly.
The action of the Health and Hospital
Committee in orderingwthe readvertise
ment for bids for; hay and other supplies
for the -Almshouse and City Hospital be
cause the price asked was higher than
the market quotations ! was approved.
The City Attorney was directed to de
fend the suit brought by the -Spring Val
ley Water Company against the. Board to
declare the water rates illegal. The same
official was asked whether the Board had
the power - to employ.; f pedal counsel to
defend the suit. ¦¦ ..-: ¦¦•¦••'"• .\
Contracts Are, However,
Awarded by the
Supervisors. '; ,
RIVAL BIDDERS
FILE PROTESTS
Supervisor McCarthy Introduced aresolu
tion yesterday in the Board of Supervis
ors which provides - that any person 'or
corporation operating an electric street
railroad in this city shall be required to
maintain an arc-light fixture over the
center of every street- intersection crossed
by such road.- The; ordinance also, pro
vides that the light: shall be kept lighted
at the expense of the owners of the elec
tric roads during the hours : that ¦ city
street' lamps . are lighted. ¦ If. the owners
neglect .to comply with the ordinance the
Board of Works is vested with the power
to lemove the overhead wires, after giv
ing two weeks' notice. The ordinance
was . referred to the Judiciary Committee.
The' Printing Committee was authorized
to order books from the firms which had
the contracts for furnishing them. to. the
city during. the last fiscal year. until such
,time as new contracts can be awarded.
.The JJoard will sit as a Board of Equal
ization on July 9 at 2 p. m.- for the purpose
of hearing applications for the correction
of assessments. A rule was adopted as to
the manner in which persons, firms or
corporations are to be j notified to show
cause why their assessments should not
be increased. For. corporations, a written
or printed -notice will be delivered by the
sergeant-at-arms to the president, secre
tary or managing agent arid written no
tices will be . mailed to . the addresses 'of
persons, firms or companies at' least
twelve hours prior, to the time set for
hearing. : - . . ,
The Assessor was authorized to add to
the assessment books all property which
may have escaped taxation during the fis
cal year 1901-2 and to make corrections of
clerical errors. , " . >
v The City Attorney,', was directed to re
port to the Board the list of county roads
in this city. -.
An ! ordinance . was ¦ passed to , print de
claring Tuesday, August 13, from and af
ter 2 p.m., a municipal holiday and also
designating, all municipal election days as
legal holidays. ..•,,- , :
The ordinance providing a schedule of
fees ' for trenching • work . and making a
flat charge of $125 per month to corpora
tions operating continuously was . passed
to print.
The Board. of Public "Works was author
ized to expend 125,000 in erecting, a fire
engine. : house ' on Howard, street,' - hear
Third. - -.- . ¦ . '-
A resolution ordering all books furnish
ed to .the municipality 'to bear the union
label on their covers was referred to the
joint committee ' on Judiciary and Print-
Ordinances awarding, tho contracts for
public lighting and certain printing i. and
supplies for the. city were finally passed.
¦ The ordinance fixing the . tax : rate at
$1.0762 and the resolution i authorizing: the
payment out of the surplus fund of the
sum of $127,487 ES due. teachers and Jani
tors .; for November , and December, 1898,
were finally adopted.;— . V- . .
Bill to Compel Electric
Lines to Maintain •
Them. . /
ADVOCATES MORE
STREET LIGHTS
The. new law which makes It a misde
meanor to have opium in a place for tha
purpose of being- smoked went into effect
yesterday. Five Chinese, who were ar
rested by the Chinatown squad for visit
ing an opium place, appeared before Judge
Fritz yesterday. They pleaded guilty and
each was sentenced to pay a fine of $10.
These were the first convictions under tha
new law. - '_^ <•
Convicted Under New X*aw.
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee It. •
There is •' a divorce suit pending In th»
courts; Mrs. Macy asking to have her
marital bonds severed. Macy claims that
Taylor has not only, usurped his position
as manager. of the company but has stol
en his wife. and made her apply for th«
divorce. Taylor denies both, of the alle
gations. . -,..••:
Express Company, 2325 Mission street.
Taylor alleged that both Sunday and yes
terday Macy called at the company's of
fice and threatened to kill him and Macy'a
wife, who is head cleric in the office. ¦ Ho
raised such i a disturbance yesterday
morning that business had almost to be
suspended till he was arrested.
12
"I Iti/ffMF Tvvrt Flfio^ " A SiNAF
ROYAL BLUE SERGE | INVITING PRICE 1^ Jik^
' iT mm^m^%^il\ miIitary shouIder; garments $5.00, $6.00 and S7.00'
! IBr 1 Ik. that han * and fit to thc body SERGE sailors,
'1 . /! as onIy taiIor ' d garments $2.98 Y
* \\ ' l^^'A \ fflwlS^>f I should* The handsomest of Serge Sailors,
m\\ J^&^S 7^^/SI^-^^ /] * Xfi m royal blue, tan and red, double
U /llililisL //^§Hp^^A*U :^ / $ U) In© and single breasted stjrle; all sixes j
"¦ /^^^»™HilBi! \ cf 'Frisco to-day are wearing ANOTHER SNAP.
msm^^jf^^mmW^m rBffffBr F ¦ 11 • m double-breasted suits, for lads o
' WB^^^^^^^^Pl IBB,! :/ l|l &> they know their value, to \6 years, including pretty fclue
'/ f f \ jflil and just think of the'price! Cheviots; suits worth double.
' '- h 111 I id you ear ¦ ¦ ' DaP r^53 >>p
mi mm fllPf I 3^*^O. For tbc a snap. b
' iiiiil? liliiilii^ii ?* lUl course we have other yeare; long pants; handsome
llBf m^^^^'l i'l 18/ I CO - Orin 2 S ' m ianC Y suitl ' n g s at vest; all colorings, including Hue;
liwliil Illiiif ff! ///Mi Wffl/I v ' Kf I this price. Large house, large worth $7.50 and $8.00. Snap price,
\i '¦¦ .'•¦ . • . Send for Our New Catalogue of Sumrmr Fashions for Man, Boy and Child.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bring (Ms ad-it iri/f entlt/e you 1
[to /OPer Cent D/scot/nt'f & I
\ > THE* BUREAU TRUNK.
You don't know what a com*
fortabfo <. experience traveling
can be made unless you hav*
. with you a Bureau Trunk— tho
most convenient trunk made.
We have an excellent line o<
steamer and other Trunks '
Dress Suit Cases and Bags, a! *
. at money-saving prices.
128-132 Ellis St. ST.
I "VANVROOM" I
B PAINLESS DtNTAL PARLORS. I
¦ 100! MARKET, Cor. 6th. |
Rfr£P^ U !£ ste Y r *ifLl°H' p °»«o?.Go'norrha»,G?££
B .'.i c i D^r* B « m '"»l T* eaWness, Impotence and th«ir
r«.'' e i S3fe; 1 aSsS?B:'fflSSS^
P:BO8COE MeJtf CITY, M. D. •
ao^ Kearny s^, Ban .FraneiacV, &%¦
Sk^jy Awf i ft}; I
\_ recepfioiv, I
y the fashionable set of San Francisco throng our store. Here ||
II .they find shoes that meet every requirement of stylish appear- M
|| ance, perfect case and durability. Every shoe is so adapted to the |I
!! form of the foot as to give perfect freedom and comfort in 13
|F dancing: and everyday use, and we keep all shapes. The people ||
P patronize what they like best x The. crowds in 'our store every .
if day prove by their presence the popular preference for our shoes ;
|| above all other $3.50 "brands.