VOLUME XCI.-NO 31.
MINNESOTA COURT GRANTS AN INJUNCTION
THAT CHECKS GIGANTIC RAILROAD MERGER
JAMES L. FRAZIER RESIGNS POSITION
AS SUPERINTENDENT OF THE WESTERN
DIVISION OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
He Is to Take Charge of the Toledo, St. Louis and Western Road,'
and Predictions Are Made in Railway Circles That Vacancy Will
Probably Be Filled by W. S. Palmer or B. A. Worthington
SUPERINTENDENT OF THE WESTERN DIVISION OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD SYSTEM, WHO
TENDERED HIS RESIGNATION TO MANAGER AGLER YESTERDAY AND WHO IS TO TAKE CHARGE OF
THE TOLEDO, ST. LOUIS AND WESTERN ROAD.
JAMES L. FRAZIER, superintend
ent of the Western division of
the Southern Pacific Company,
with headquarters at Oakland,
has tendered his resignation to
his superiors In order to become
the g-eneral superintendent of the Toledo,
St. Louis and Western Railway.
The resignation of Frazier came as a.
tig surprise to the occupants of the "yel
low building" at the corner of Montgom
ery and Market streets Just before the
close of office hours last evening. The
resignation w&s placed In the hands of
James Agler, manager of the Pacific sys
uim.
That Frazier would sever his relations
with the Southern Pacific Company was
the last thought in the minds of Agler
and his associates and the withdrawal of
the popular official created quite a een
: atlon. The news spread rapidly through
the various offices and was discussed
eagerly by those who heard It. No action
was taken by Manager Agler on Frazier's
resignation, owing to the late hour at
which It was received.
The subject naturally caused consider
able surmise as to the probable successor
«f Fra/ier to the important position from
which he has resigned.
Predictions were made last evening in
the "vellow building" that Frazier will
he succeeded by Warren S. Palmer, su
perintendent of the Sacramento division,
pr by E. A. Worthington. superintendent
of the coast division, both of whom are
considered to be among the most efficient
railroad men in the country.
In the resignation of James Lewis Fra
iler the Southern Pacific Company wiil
lose one of Its valuable men. He was
"■■ ■ .
The San Francisco Call.
born in Staunton, Va., in 1849, and grad
uated from the University of Virginia as
a civil engineer in 1870. He began his ca
reer as a railroad man in 1S73, acting as
assistant engineer on the extension lines
of the Chesapeake and Ohio road. He
was assistant and resident engineer of
the Cincinnati Southern road from Octo
ber. 1S74, to December, 1S77; from June to
September, 1878, he was engineer In
charge of the location of the Western
road of North Carolina; from December,
1S78, to March, 1880, he was engineer In
charge of the completion of the Cincin
nati Southern Railway across Tennessee;
in 1880 he constructed the Elizabeth' town,
Lexington and Big Sandy road; in 1881
and 1SS2 he was engineer in charge of
construction for the Alabama Great
Southern Railroad, the Mexican National
road and the Louisville, Evansville and
St Louis road; in 1883 and 1884 he was
chief engineer and superintendent of road
department of the Chesapeake, Ohio and
Southwestern road; from October, 1884, to
April, 1891, he was superintendent of the
Western division of the Newport ' News
and Valley Company.
In August, 1891, Frazier was brought to
the Pacific Coast by the late Collis P.
Huntington and was made superintendent
of the Truckee division of the Southern
Pacific Company, system, with headquar
ters at Wadsworth. In August, 1892, he
was promoted to the position of superin
tendent of the San Joaquin division, and
in November, 1894, was made superintend
ent of the coast division.
Mastered Details, Made Friends.
For six years Frazier was in charge of
the coast division, making his headquar
ters at Third and Townsend^treets, mas-*
. . ...... . ..<(*■ ... : .. .....
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1901.,
tering every detail of his department and
making hosts of friends.
In October last Frazier received further
promotion. When J. M. Herbert resigned
his position as manager of the Pacific sys
tem of the Southern Pacific Company
James Agler, superintendent of the west
ern division, succeeded him. Agler in
turn was succeeded by Frazier on the
western division, who added to his splen
did record by close attention to affairs.
In assuming the duties of general super
intendent of the Toledo, S^. Louis and
Western road Frazier will have charge of
600 miles of heavy travel between Toledo,
Ohio, and St. Louis, Mo. The post he
will fill has for some time been tempor
arily looked after by B. R, Stephens. '
Warren Sherman Palmer, one of the
men who is likely to succeed Frazier as
superintendent of the western division of
the Southern Pacific Company, is a vet
eran in the service of the corporation. He
is a civil engineer by profession and grad
uated from the State University in 1876.
In that year he entered the employ of the
Central Pacific road as an apprentice in
the bridge and building department, and
has served in the capacity of journey
man, bridge carpenter, draughtsman, rod
man, transit man and chief of party on
location and construction work. From 1885
to 1890 he was a member of the firm of
Palmer & Story, engineers and contract
ors, during which time; he served as chief
engineer of the Yrcka road, the Colusa
and Lake road and the Pajaro Valley
road.. In December, 1890, he was made
resident engineer of the maintenance of
Continued on Page Two.
Ordsr Prevents Retiring
of Northern Pacific
Preferred.
Judge Grants the .Applica
tion of a Holder of
the Stock.
Cas» Involving the Proposed Consol
idation of Three Systems Will
• Now Be Fought Out in
the Courts. ■
Simultaneously with the con
.vening of the Governors of
Northwestern States to devise
means to defeat the proposed
consolidation -of .the Great
Northern, the Northern Pacific
and the Chicago, > Burlington
and Quincy railway systems ?.
Minnesota Judge has granted
an injunction restraining: the
retirement of Northern Pacific
preferred stock. The case is
now fairly in the courts and
will be fought to a finish. The '
retiring of Northern Pacific
preferred stock was one of the
first moves necessary in the
merger scheme, and upon the
outcome of the litigation will,
depend the success or failure of
the gigantic consolidation pro
ject of James J. Hill and his
associatss. The suit for an in
junction was brought by one of
the holders of Northern Pacific
preferred.. _,,- \ v .. ~s,a ., ,
MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. , 30. —
Judge Elliott of the' District
Court of Hennepin County
to-day granted a temporary
order restraining the officers
of the Northern Pacific Com
pany from retiring the preferred stock
of the company. The order was issued
on the application of Peter Power 1 of New
York, who ho'lds 100 shares of the com
mon stock. It was supposed that the
failure of the action brought in the New
York courts, by holders of. preferred
stock cleared away the. last obstacle to
the retirement of the preferred on Janu
ary 1, leaving the Hill interest in con
trol of the road through its majority of
the common stock. It is inferred, al
though it does not so appear, that the
present action Is brought In behalf of the
Harriman interest to prevent control
passing out of its hands for another year,
ct until the legal standing of the North
ern Securities Company is settled.
The claim set up by Power in his suit
is that the retirement of the preferred
stock Is in violation of the agreement
Lhat such retirement would lay no ad
litlonal burdens upon the common stock,
ind he holds that the certificates of de-
Denture bonds to be issued to effect the
retirement of the preferred would become
* lien upon the common stock and thus
ivork an injury to his property. It is
.mderstood that the block of 100 shares
ield by Power is the only block of com
non not controlled or definitely located
ipon one side or the other— the Harri
nan people or the Hill-Morgan interest.
Terms of the Injunction.
Trie injunction restrains the Northern
Pacific Railway Company from issuing
or selling any certificates of indebted
ness or debenture or other evidence of
indebtedness, or creating any indebted
ness or liability for the purpose of rais
ing money with which to pay or retire
the preferred stock of the Northern Pa
ciflc Company, or any part thereof, or
from using or appropriating any, moneys
or proceeds other than the ordinary or
surplus net earnings of the Northern Pa
cific Company to the payment and retire
ment of the preferred stock of the com
pany, or any part thereof; and also from
creating any indebtedness or liability
other than the ordinary indebtedness and
liability for the operating expenses of its
railroad system, and the , indebtedness
and liability now existing, which would
be a preference or take precedence of
the common stock of said company; also
from placing its property, or any part
thereof, or the management of its rail
way, system or any part thereof, In the
possession or under the control, either
directly or indirectly, of the Northern
Securities Company; or from entering
into any agreement or arrangement either
directly or indirectly through the me
dium of the Northern Securities Com
p^any or otherwise with the Great North
ern . Railroad. Company, the Chicago,
Burlington and Quincy Railroad Com
pany, or either of them, for the purpose
of causing the railway system owned
and controlled by the Northern Pacific
Company to be operated in connection
with or under the same rules or by the
same authority as the Great Northern
Railway Company and the"Chicago, ; Bur
lington and Quincy Railway Company or
either of them; or from entering into, any
agreement .with ; these companies, or
either of them, for the purpose of avoid
ing . competition and fixing rates for the
SECRETARY OF THE NAVY LONG MAY
RETIRE FROM ROOSEVELT'S CABINET
SOON AFTER THE FIRST OF THE YEAR
Well-informed Girc'es in Washington Believe the Date of His
Resignation Is Near arid That Charles H. Alien of Massa
chusetts Is Certain to Become Chief of the Department
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G
STREET, N. W., WASH
INGTON, Dec. 3O.-In well
informed circles the opinion
grows that Secretary Long's
retirement from his position
as head of the Navy Department is slated
for no distant dav. This is not because
carriage of freight and passengers upon
either of their lines of railway.
Hill's Consolidation Scheme.
The petition recites briefly the history
of the Northern Pacific Railroad -and the
division of its stock into common and
preferred. It is alleged that the* only dif
ference between the* preferred stock and
the common stock was that the preferred
stockwas entitled to the 4 per cent divi
dend prior to anything being paid on the
common stock and the bill in this connec
tion alleges that the preferred stock was
subject to be retired at any time within
twenty years after the time for reorgani
zation of the company arid the issuing
of the stock out of the surplus net earn
ings of the company and not othetwlse;
that in other respects the rights of the
preferred and common stockholders were
identical.
The bill next recites the organization of
the Great Northern and the Chicago, Bur
lington and Quincy lines and alleges that
the Northern Pacific Railway Company
and the Great Northern Railway Com
pany are parallel lines to the Pacific Coast
and the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy
Railway Company has a parallel line from
Billings, Mont., to Chicago, and. that all
such lines are competing lines for the
business qf the Northwest.
It Is alleged that the officers of the
Northern Pacific Railway Company dur
ing /the last summer and since the plain
tiff became the owner of this stock, and
without any knowledge on his part, went
Into a combination with the Great North
ern and the Chicago, Burlington and
Quincy, the purpose of which was to con
centrate and consolidate the three systems
under one management, and, knowing that
it could not be legally effected, the direc
tors of the three companies,* for the pur
pose of doing indirectly what they could
not do directly, caused to be organized the
Northern Securities Company, a New Jer
sey corporation with a capitalization, of
$400,000,000, which, under its charter, was
authorized to purchase and hold stocks;
bonds and securities of other corporations,
the intention being to cause a majority of
the stock of all three of the railway com- •
panles to be transferred to the Northern
Securities Company, and to be controlled
by it, thereby controlling the three sys
tems of railways through the medium of
the Northern Securities I Company, sup- j
pressing competition, regulating the tariff
rates and conducting the entire business
of the three systems as one corporation.
It is further alleged that thereupon the
Northern Securities Company proceeded
to advertise publicly, upon terms of ex
change, all the stock of the Great North
ern Company and that the whole scheme
was illegal, in violation of the law of this
State and the. other States through which
the railway lines pass, against the public
laws of the United States and of each of
the States. • . \ -,.
The bill also alleges that under and by
virtue of the charter of the Northern Pa
cific Railway Company and under the pro
visions of the reorganization agreement,
the. preferred stock can be paid for and.
retired • out of the net surplus earnings
, CHIEF OF THE NAVY DEPARTMENT, WHOSE EARLY RETIREMENT
IS EXPECTED, AND THE MASSACHUSETTS MAN WHO IS SLATED
FOR THE CABINET POSITION.
of the Northern Pacific Railway Company
and not otherwise; that notwithstanding
these provisions, the directors of said
company, for the first step of carrying out
their plan of transferring the control . of
the defendant corporation to the Northern
Securities Company, have nerved- notice
upon the holders of the preferred . stock
that on January 1, 1902, they would retire
such preferred stock.
The bill alleges further that since its
reorganization the Northern Pacific Com
pany has conducted a successful and
profitable business and has paid 4 per
cent on preferred stock and is now pay-
Ing 4 on the common out of the earnings,
after paying the fixed charges and the
operating expenses; that there is a fund
of about $3,000,000 set aside to secure pay
ments of dividends^ on ' preferred stock
and between $2,000,000 j and $3,000,000 of a
general surplus; that it has, now on hand
exceeding $3,000,000, derived from the earn
ings of the road, -wherewith to pay the
$75«000,000 of the preferred stock at par,
but that in order to retire such preferred
stock the directors of the company are
threatening to issue and sell certificates
of ' Indebtedness or debenture bonds
amounting to $75,000,000 of the Northern
Pacific Railway Company and out of the
proceeds pay off the stockholders of 'the
preferred stock at par January 1, 1902.
It Is alleged that, the Northern Pacific
Railway Company lias caused to be sent
to each of Its preferred stockholders a
notice that it would retire the whole of
the preferred stock at par on the first
day of January, 1902, and that the trans
fer books of the company, were closed ' on
Tuesday, December 10, 1901, at 3 o'clock,
for the retirement of the preferred stock,
as aforesaid.
The petition alleges that it is proposed
- : •-• - .
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
of any friction between the President and
the Secretary, but the resignation of the
■ Secretary will result from an understand
ing .he had with Mr. Roosevelt Immedi
ately after the latter's succession. Dur
ing the lifetime of President McKlnley
the Secretary of the "Navy yielded to his
friendship for the Canton statesman and
postponed the date of his retirement, al
■ though It had long been known that h9
sought the opportunity to quit public life.
When Roosevelt entered the "White House
he and the Secretary of the Navy reached
I an agreement as to the date of the lac
ter's withdrawal from the Cabinet. The
date of ths change has not been, an
nounced, but no one will be surprised if
- it comes early next year. .. ,
There appears to be little doubt in offl
.''cial circles, that Charles. H.. Allen of Mas
sachusetts will be Long's successor. A3
. Assistant Secretary of the Navy and later
as. Governor of Porto Rico he made an
enviable record, and rumor connects no
other name with the navy portfolio; In
fact, a Senator close to the President ha3
said that Secretary Long's successor
would be a New England man and intl
• mated plainly that Allen was . the one
President Roosevelt had in mind. "
to substitute for the present preferred
stock, which In no way constitutes a lien
on the property of the Northern Pacific
Company and is not a charge against tha
earnings of the company, and has no
prior right over the common stock ex
cept In priority of dividends, a converti
ble negotiable security or debenture bond,
bearing interest at the rate of 4 per cent
per annum, which said amount of 4 per
cent per annum is a fixed charge against
the earnings of the company and its prop
erty and must be paid whether the earn
ings for any year amount to 4 per cent
on said issue of convertible certificates of
indebtedness or debenture bonds or not
and under, which, if default is made !rl
the payment of said interest or any
payment of the principal when dua
In 1907. or at any time prior thereto, un
der the provision of said certificates of
indebtedness, or debenture bonds, the en
tire property of the Northern Pacific
Railway Company may be sold to satisfy
the Judgment or Judgments which may
be obtained thereunder and all equities
and rights of the common stockholders
extinguished.
The bill sets forth that the scheme has
already provoked litigation, which is now
pending, and plaintiff swears that by rea
son of public criticism other serious litlsn
tlon will be instituted unless the defendant
railway company be enjoined from carry
ng out its Illega, schenle anfl de ££S«
in this connection it i 3 alleged that pro
ceedings are about to be Instituted against
the Northern Securities Company, the
Northern. Pacific Railway Company, tha
Great Northern Company and the Chi
cago, Burlington and Quincy Railway
Continued vnY*S* Tir *2
HOPES TO BLOCK
THE CANAL BILL
Panama Lobby Centers
Its Efforts Upon the
Senate.
. :
Powerful Interests Will At
tempt to Defeat Public
Will Once More.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— There are in
dications that the Panama canal lobby
will resume operations in Washington
next week and make a heroic effort to
again block the way for canal legislation.
For many years the opponents of legis
lation for the Nicaragua canal have util
ized the Panama scheme to prevent sucn
legislation. Representatives of the trans
continental railroads have been more or
less conspicuous in all of these efforts,
but with public sentiment so unanimously
in favor of the isthmian canal this oppo
sition has had to keep in the background
and make its influence felt thr.ough ad
vocacy of the Panama canal. The report
from Paris that the Panama Company is
now . ready to sell its concessions and'
property for $40,000,000 and that the gen
eral secretary or the company has sailed
for this country has provided a new ex
cuse for those who wish to prevent the
passage of the Hepburn bill. This bill has
been made a. special order for January 7.
There is no doubt about its passage by
the House by a large majority. It will
receive an almost unanimous vote in the
House, and will be sent to the Senate be
fore the close of next week.
The efforts of the opposition ■will be cen
tered in the Senate. That body can be
depended upon for deliberation and long j
discussion. In fact, the opponents of the
bill say they can always depend upon
Senator Morgan, chief advocate of the
Xicaragxian canal, to help them delay the
vote by his weakness for long argument.
It will be difficult, however, for the op
ponents of the canal to present new con
ditions in this readiness of the Panama
Company to sell its property and conces
sions for $40,000,000, the estimated value
put upon the property by the canal com
mission. The report of the Isthmian
Canal Commission, recently submitted to
Congress, shows that this Government
could not utilize the Panama canal, even
should that company make us a present
of its property. The accepted plan of Con
gress and of the American people is for
the Government canal to be owned and
controlled by the United States Govern
ment.
There is no possibility of a canal by the
Panama route. The Isthmian Canal Com
mission makes this point clear in its re
port. But even with this report of the
canal commission before Congress, there
are Senators who talk about the advan
tage of the Panama route. They profess
. to believe that we can drive a good bar
rain with the Panama Canal Company, ■
knowing the property to be purchased
would never enable this Government to
own and control the canal.
With the Panama proposition and the
demand for absolute treaties with Nica
ragua and Costa Rica granting the con
cessions, the opponents of legislation hope j
to delay the Hepburn bill's passage until
the close of this sesion. They will not
fight the bill openly, but •will use these
arguments for delay, and depend upon
the Senate to prevent legislation through
one mere session.
It will require diplomacy and strategy
for the Senators to - hold back the canal
bill, but the Panama lobby will try to fur
nish excuses to enable it to do so and let
another session pass without canal legis
lation.
FRAZIER RESIGNS HIS POSITION
Continued from Page One.
■way of the western division of the South
era Pacific system, find in March, 1900, he
became assistant superintendent of the
division under Agler.
W. S. Palmer Succeeded J. B. Wright.
When President Hays retired J. B.
Wright from the post of superintendent
of the Sacramento division Palmer was
selected as Wright's successor. If he is
slated for the post of superintendent of
the Western division, to succeed. Frazier,
Palmer will bring to the office a thorough
knowledge of its manifold duties.
33. A. Worthing-ton, who is also spoken
of as a possible successor to Frazier as
superintendent of the Western division,
is at present in charge of the coast divi
sion, with headquarters at Third anil
Townscnd streets.
There is no more popular railroad n:an
on the Pacific coast to-day than "Bert"
Worthington. and his value is recognize"!
by those in power in the "y«llow build
ing" of the Southern Pacific corporation.
From Messenger to Superintendent.
Worthington entered the service of th«
Central Pacific Railroad Company in 1S74
as a messenger in the Sacramento office. !
His ability was quickly recognized and
fate soon became telegraph operator at
many important localities. When the ■
railroad wires were leased to the We&tern
Union Company Wortbington "went with
the plant," and In 1SS0 was chief operator
for the Western Union in Los Angeles.
En April, 1881, he was transferred to the
railroad service and became private stc- ;
retary to the late A. J. Stevens, general
master mechanic of the motive power and
machinery department of the Southern
Pacific Company, with headquarters at
Sacramento. When Stevens died in April,
18SS, Worthington was brought to San
Francisco by the late A. N. Towne, vice
president and general manager of the
Southern Pacific, serving- as private sec
retary.
When Towne died in July, 1833, Worth
ington was appointed private secretary to
H. E. Huntington, then assistant to the
president. He remained in that position
until April, 1S99, when he was placed in
charge of the tonnage rating of locomo
tives on the Pacific system lines west of
El Paso.
On July 22 of this year Worthington
was made superintendent of the Tucson
division of the Southern Pacific, with
headquarters at Tucson, Arizona. >-. .
President Hays was considerably im
pressed with the ability displayed by
Worthington and at the first oportunity
selected him f«r promotion. After Hays
resigned from the presidency of the
Southern Pacific system the heads of the
corporation did not overlook Worthing
ton. Two months ago he was brought
back from Arizona and placed in charge
of the new coast division, with headquar
ters in this city.
T. R. Jones May Be Promoted.
In the event of W. S. Palnrer being se
lected as the new superintendent of the
Western division it is probable that he
will be succeeded on the Sacramento divi
sion by T. R. Jones, the present assistant
superintendent. He is a veteran railroad
man and is recognized from one end of
the country to the other as a thoroughly
competent official. Jones is most popular
with his brother officials ar«l his ap
pointment as head of the Sacramento di
vision would give great pleasure to«his
friends in the capital city.
Chief Geronimo to Be Released.
GU1HRIE, Okla., Dec. 30.— General
Frank Armstrong, as an agent of the
War Department, is now at Fort Sill,
OUla., making arrangements for the re
lease of Chief Geronimo and 296 Arizona
Apache Indians, who are held by the
Government as prisoners of war. They
were captured by General Lawton twelve
years ago after a 3000-mile campaign.
They will be allotted land by the Govern
ment.
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Itchlnff. Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
No Cure. No Pay. All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Fazo Ointment to refund
money where it fails to cure any case of piles,
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases In elx daye; worst cases in fourteen days.
One application gives ease and rest. Relieves
Kchlng instantly. Thle is a new discovery, and
is the only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee, no cure no pay. A free cample will be
sent ty mail to any one sending name and ad
dress. Price, 60c. If your druggist don't keep
i: in stock send 50c in stamps and we will for
ward full size box by mail. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO., St. Louis, Mo., who
also • manufacture the celebrated cold cure,
Lcz&tive Bromo-Qulnine Tablets.
GERMANY DELAYS
WARLIKE ACTION
Awaits the Outcome of
the Revolution in
Venezuela.
Berlin Papers Scoff at the
Hints of OoDflict With
America.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1901, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
CARACAS, Dec. 30.— Germany's pro
posed naval demonstration against Vene
zuela has been postponed. This delay is
owing to representations made by United'
States Minister Bowen, who is striving
earnestly to bring about a peaceful and
satisfactory settlement of the trouble be
tween the two countries.
Venezuela has asked the German Gov
ernment to dismiss Herr Knopp, manager
of the German Railway, ana his expul
sion is expected. - - i
The Otncial Gazette published to-day
contains a resolution or the Venezuelan
Government, setting forth that Herr
Knopp is unlit any longer u> deal with, tne
ooverximent, as he is an accomplice in
me present revolution, and must oe dis
cuargcu. The resolution luruier suys
nerr .Knopp prooaoiy will De expeiied
ironi vene*ueia. Aiaine over uie Vjreruia.ii
iiauway continues to De suspended.
Cxernian ttovernment a Attitude.
BEKL1.N, Dec. 30.— me German For
eign Oiriee autnorizes tne uunutuicemunt
mat mere is no truin wuaievtr in tne ciiss
patcn irom Caracas saying tnai tne Uer
iiiun Auuibter nas leit tne Venezuelan
capital alter a iiesueu exenange or woiua
vviin President Castro. Tne German
cnarge a'^tiaires, ±ierr von Piigrim
tfiHTHfiifl. is suu at his post ana is contin
uing negotiations with President Castro.
There nas not been any question of
breaking' off diplomatic relations with
Venezuela. .;•';■
The berman Minister to Venezuela, Dr.
O. SSchmidt-Leda, who has been on a va
cation nere, is now on his way to Ca
racas. The Foreign Office solemnly reiter- \
atejs the statement that it does not con- j
template territorial acquisitions in Vene
zuela, i
Replying .to Germany's assurances to j
the united States regarding tne former's :
plans in connection with Venezuela, the j
Foreign Office here has received an an- |
swer rrom Secretary Hay expressing full j
satisfaction with Germany's position, j
Germany still hopes to collect her claims
peaceably. |
To-aay the small German cruiser Ga- |
zelle was ordered to sail immediately |
from Kiel to Venezuelan waters. The !
Government intends to send one or two j
other small warships to reinforce the |
present OJerman squadron in the Carib
bean Sea. The aaditions to Germany's
navel force in the Caribbean Sea will not
be sufficient to give rise to suspicions
among the peopje of the United States
that Germany meditates anything beyond
the collection of claims due the German
subjects. The German Government de- j
sires beyond anything else in this matter
to avoid disturbing the Government or the !
people of the United States. German ;
newspapers published to-day are full of ■
expressions of this kind and many of j
these expressions are so much alike that I
it is easy to infer that their utterance
was suggested by the Government. A re
markable thing is the fact that there is
not a single unkind expression toward
the United States in any of these news
paper comments. - .
Public Opinion Erroneous.
"We hope that this opinion," says the
Berliner Neuste Nachrichten, -which
grew out of the Spanish war and which
we consider to be wholly erroneous, will
soon give place to a more correct con
ception of Germany's aims. It is quite un
reasonable that the people of the United
States holding such opinion should con
nect this opinion with the Venezuelan af
fair, insomuch as Washington has been
fully informed of Germany's intentions."
The Lokal Anzeieer says: "The task
for our diplomacy is to make German in
terests prevail against Venezuela without,
at the same time, losing touch with the
American Government. The authorities
at Washington have up to the present
time shown such intelligent comprehen
sion of the situation and such a disposi
tion toward Germany's wishes that no
grounds for apprehension exist at this
point." '-._*- -'-_
The United States Embassador, Andrew
White, Informed the German newspaper
men who called at the embassy to-day
that the reports of the possibility of war
between the United States and Germany
were the "thinnest kind of sensational
nonsense."
'"Moreover," said Mr. White, "President
Roosevelt, commander in chief of both the
army and the navy, it is well known, en
tertains not only official but personal pre
dilections for Germany, which have been
known not only officially to the German
Government, but which have long- been
known among his friends. He studied in
Germany, reads and loves German litera
ture and has a most sincere personal re
spe*ct for the German fimperor. Any ut
terance of the kind alleged by an officer
of either service would be sternly rebuked
by President Roosevelt."
Battleships Guard Our Interests.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 30.— The Navy
Department has been notified of the de
parture yesterday from Acapulco, Mex
ico, of Rear Admiral Silas Casey, com
manding the North Pacific squadron
aboard his flagship, the Wisconsin, bound
for Callao, Peru. By the time the Wis
consin arrives at the latter port, it is
expected, the battleship Iowa will be
ready to merge from the dock at Talca
huano, Chile, and at the Navy Depart
ment it is thought probable that Admiral
Casey will transfer his flag back to the
Iowa, from which vessel it formerly flew.
This state of affairs will leave the larg
est two battleships of the Pacific squadron
cruising In the waters off the coasts of
Chile, Argentina and Peru, so that In
case the threatened hostilities between
Chile and Argentina materialize American
interests in that quarter would be well
looked after.
NORFOLK, Va.. Dec. 30.— The United
States cruiser Prairie sailed to-day for
the Port of Spain, Trinidad, near the coast
of Venezuela.
LONDON, Dec. 31.— Most of the mom-
Ing papers comment upon the gravity of
the German-Venezuelan dispute. They
are generally agreed that Germany is not
anxious to provoke complications and
will be careful not to ruffle American sus
ceptibilities. The Daily Chronicle says
that the United States has no interest In
seeing its guaranty against foreign ag
gression turned into a cloak for bad faith
toward foreign powers.
HEBEEBA TAKES THE FIELD.
Noted Revolutionary Leader Lands
Expedition in Colombia.
COLON, Colombia, Dec. 30.— General
Herrera's expedition debarked at Tonosi
on December 24 from the Liberal steam
ers IbiBs, Darlen yid Gaitan and sailing
vessels. Herrera *!s the general who
capitulated at Panama last year. He Is
considered to be one of the best, If not
the best, generals the revolutionists pos
sess. He is a clever and able man, who !
has sacrificed everything for the sake of
the revolution. - Herrera is said to be sur
rounded by first-class men. Generals Por
ras and Lorenzo are doubtless aware of
Herrera's arrival In their vicinity and will
do their utmost to join forces with him.
In view of Herrera's movement the Gov
ernment has requested that reinforce
ments be sent from Barranquilla. In the
meantime, recognizing the gravity of the
situation, the . Government officials are
taking active measures to meet all exi
gencies. A steam tug belonging to the
Panama Canal Company was procured at
Panama on Saturday to transport troops
but the crew, including the engineer, re
fused to take part in any military opera
tions, and Governor Alban was compelled
to obtain another crew from the shore
The tug l,eft Panama with the Boyaca
yesterday. They are bound for points
along the coast, where they will take on
board troops intended to reinforce Gen
eral Castro. Everything seems to point to
Herrera making a final desperate effort.
Since the withdrawal of the troops along
the railroad line Liberal soldiers have
been seen at night time in the vicinity of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, '-.DECEMBER,. 31, ;1901 v _
CAUCUS OF REPUBLICAN LEGISLATORS
WILL DECIDE HANNA-FORAKER FIGHT
Both Factions. Concede That on the Outcome of the Present Con
test for Control Will Depend the Supremacy of One or the
Other of the Warring Senators in the Ohio Political Field
COLUMBUS, O., Dec. 30.— The Ohio
Legislature, which will elect the
successor of Senator Foraker,
will convene here next Monday.
The party caucuses to nominate
candidates for presiding officers and other
positions In. both branches of the General
Assembly will be held on Saturday night.
As the Republicans have a large majority
in both houses and as there is no opposi
tion to the re-electicn of Senator Foraker
the Senatorial question for this session is
settled, but there is a very bitter contest
in progress bearing, upon the re-election
of Senator Hanna two years-hence, as it
is believed that a majority of the Repub
lican members will be re-elected to the
next Assembly.
Senator Foraker Is at his home at Cin
cinnati and Senator Hanna remains in
Washington. Neither is expected here
this week, but are in constant communi
cation with the leaders of their respec
tive forces. John R. Malloy, secretary of
the State committee and coal . inspector
under Nash, is manager of the Hanna
forces, and ex-State Chairman Charles K.
Schwartz, who was private secretary to
Foraker as Governor and who headed the
fusion in the Legislature against Hanna
four years ago, Is manager of the anti-
Hanna forces. It is claimed by the Hanna
men that the present contest- is" "the
same old factional fight of 1S97-9S over
again." The Foraker men claim that
they are simply exercising their right to
support their, friends.
Both factions have their respective tick
ets for the' caucus nominations and they
are called the Hanna and Foraker tickets
ass openly as the Democratic and- Republi
can tickets are designated in campaigns.
Four years ago the contest did not end
with the party caucuses, but was car
ried into the Legislature. It. is conceded
by both sides that the results of the cau
cuses next Saturday night will be final.
HELP OF EUROPE
IS NOT DESIRED
Will Not Share in Work
of Codifying Interna
tional Laws.
CITY OF MEXICO, Dec. 3Q.— At this
morning's session of the Pan-American
I conference General Rafael Reyes of Co
' lombia read a description of his explora
tions in the Amazon region of South
America. It was stated that this report
; had been presented at the suggestion of
• President Roosevelt, who took special in
i terest in the expedition of Reyes and his
I two brothers, one of whom died of fever
j and the other was devoured by cannibals.
' Lazo Arriaga of Guatemala presented a
resolution asking the conference to inter
est itself in the price of coffee with a view
to its regulation. He said that periodical
upheavals of the coffee market were a
cause of economical and political disturb
ances and even revolutions in the Central
American republics, and' he thought the
conference 'could find a remedy.
The proposal of the late Duarte Perelra.
delegate of Brazil, for the appointment of
a committee of jurists to codify the pub
lic and private international law of the
Americas was then taken up. The amend
ment of Leger of Hayti to the effect that
European Governments be Invited to
share in this work was voted down.
In his remarks in support of his motion
Leger said he could not understand the ob
ject of the persistent exclusion of Europe,
whose experience and assistance ought
not to be .overlooked. But In the voting
Leger proved to be the only delegate fa
voring the interference of Europe in this
matter.-'--- V
Leger was combated In a strong speech
by La Barra of Mexico. He said that the
conference and its work must remain
Pan-American. " With slight modifications
the proposal of the late Duarte Pereira
for the appointment of a committee of
jurists to codify international law was
this afternoon accepted by the conference.
An amendment proposed by the United
States delegation looking to the restriction
of the scope of the committee's work. was
i ejected unanimously. The phrase object
ed to by the United States delegation is
to the effect that, the international law
I as codified by the commission shall gov
ern the American nations In their rela
tions with' one another. Another amend
ment to the effect that the Secretary of
State of the United States shall • be the
chairman of the codifying commission
was accepted.
Culebra and Emperador. They are sup
posed to be some of Domingo Diaz's fol
lowers. ■
The Government yesterday garrisoned
Las Oblspo with 150 men and Matachln
with fifty men, with the view of inter
cepting communication with the interior
in the direction of the enemy.
It is reported that the revolutionists ou
the steamer -Darien fired on the Pacific
Steam Navigation Company's steamer
Chiriqui, bound for Pedrogal. The United
States gunboat Concord is still at Pana
ma. The French cruiser D'Estrees has
arrived here.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. * All
druggists refund the money. If It fails to cure
E. W. Grove's signature 1b on each box, 25c •
FEARS BRITAIN
WILL BE LOSER
London Paper's View of
Plan to Adjust the
Boundaries, '
LONDON, Dec. 31.— Commenting upon
the statement from Reuter's "Washington
correspondent concerning the probability
that Secretary Hay and Lord Pauncefotn,
British Embassador at Washington, are
arranging a commission in which the
United States, Great Britain and Canada
will be represented for the settlement of
the Alaskan boundary and other out
standing difficulties betwen the countries
in question, the Daily Mail thinks thdt,
having secured the isthmian canal treaty
without an equivalent the United States
should now prove reasonable.
"Although it can hardly be hoped," says
the Daily Mail, "that the Canadian
claims will be conceded in their entirety
perhaps the wisest course would be to re
sort to arbitration, and, in the question
of warships on the Great Lakes, to permit
the existing understanding to continue
undisturbed."
Ihe Daily Mail expresses the sincere
hope that the correspondent's statement
is a correct forecast of the Anglo-Ameri
can negotiations. But it Is not sanguine
of results from the commission, which,
so far as Great Britain is concerned, is
rather "after the fair" because, with ;h.j
Nicaraguan controversy closed, Great
Britain has nothing left to bargain with,
while the United States is quite content
in other disputes with the statuquo.
The Daily News characterizes the Ca
nadian claim to negotiate the reciprocity
question independently as very significant.
FILIPINOS HOLD SERVICES
IN MEMORY OF DEAD LEADER
Manifestation Brought Out a Display
of Intense Hatred Toward
the Friars.
MANILA, Dec. SO.— Services and a pro
cession were held to-day in memory of
Jose Rizal, the Filipino leader. The ser
vices were celebrated on the Luneta,
where Rizal was executed by the Span
lards December 30, '189C. The 'procession
called at the Town Hall and Acting Gov
ernor Wright adressed a few words to
those who took part in It.
The manifestation was chiefly remark
able for the Intense hatred displayed to
ward the friars.
• General Chaff ee and General Wheaton
nave gone to Batangas in order, to make
a personal investigation of the state of
affairs .In that province and confer with
General Bell. Generals Chaff ee and
Wheaton will return here to-morrow.
Labor Leader Under Arrest.
EVANSVILLE, Ind., Dec. 30.— James D.
Wood, president of the western district of
Kentucky United Mine Workera of Amer
ica, was arrested here shortly before mid
night -to-night. He .was indicted by a
Grand Jury at Madisonville, Ky., about
two. weeks ago, charged with being an
accessory before the fact in the murder of
a non-union miner. Bail was refused.
. Seamans Near to Death.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 30.— The condition
of General; Seamans of California shows
no improvement. It is believed the end
is not far distant. ' • * ' •
RIVAL SENATORS WHO ARE
STRIVING FOR THE SUPREMACY
IN OHIO POLITICS.
SWOLLEN RIVERS
ARE NOW FALLING
Danger of Serious Floods
in Pennsylvania Is
About Over.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 30.— From all
parts of Eastern Pennsylvania to-night i
reports show, that the rivers -and creeks
which became greatly swollen as a result'
of Saturday night and Sunday's continu
ous rain are steadily falling. There is one
exception," however, the lower part of the j
Susquehanna River being reported to be •
still rising and close to the danger mark. I
Although considerable damage was done
the losses will not be great, most of the
flood areas being low lands against the
Upper Schuylkill, Lehigh and Susque
hanna rivers. In the anthracite coal dis
tricts a few of the mines were flooded,
causing a suspension of work for the day.
Along the lower Susquehanna there Is ap
prehension that damage will result from
ice gorges.. The water is said to be ris
ing six incnes an hour in that vicinity.
Schuylkill River in this city rose eighteen
feet above the normal, which rise has been
passed only once in thirty-two years.
Manayunk, one of the mill districts, suf
fered most from the flood.' Every mill
along the river was forced to suspend
operations, throwing out of work for the
day about 30c : 0 persons. The river drives
through Fairmount Park and several sec
tions of the railroad tracks on both sides
of the river between the park and the
mouth of the Schuylkill were under water
for a short time during the day. It was
feared that the Baltimore and Ohio sta
tion on the east side of the river at Chest
nut street would be flooded, but just as
the water got within a few feet of doing
harm, it began to recede and all danger
was t>ver.
The rain, which began falling at 7
o'clock Saturday night, ceased at 7 o'clock,
this morning. During that time the pre
cipitation amounted to 3.26 inches.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., Dec. 30. —The
flood in the Talipoosa River broke the
dam of the Tallahassee Electric Company,
180 to 670 feet of solid masonry giving
way. The dam cost $400,000. The power
was to have been turned into Montgomery
early in January. Two hundred feet of
the Tallahassee cotton mills stone dam
was broken and the loss is estimated at
$70,000. Xhe rainfall was over seven inches
and ten feet of water noured over the
whole length of the power company's
dam.
MISSIONARY AND CONVERTS
MASSACRED BY CHINESE
Troops of General Tung Fuh Siang
Are Held Responsible for the
.'.":..'; Murders.
LONDON, Dec. 31.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Daily Express cables
that a missionary and a number of Chris
tian converts have been massacred at
Nlng Sha Fu, in Kan Su Province, where
Prince Tuan and General Tung Fuh Slang
are residing. The correspondent says that
it Is asserted that the troops of General
Tung Fuh Siang are responsible for the
massacre.
FTJNSTON MAY COMMAND
AN ARMY DEPARTMENT
Likely to Be Placed in Charge of the
Military Forces in the
Dakotas.
ST. PAUL, Dec. £0.— The Pioneer Press
to-morrow will say that it is probable
that Brigadier General Funston, upon his
return from the Philippines, will be ap
pointed commander of the Dakotas, with
headquarters in St. Paul. It is said that
the- appointment lies between General
Funston and General Kobbe, also a Phil
ippine veteran, but that the latter does
not desire the station.
SAILOES ITtOM AMERICAN
Y/AB3HIPS HAVE A FIGHT
LONDON, Dec.f30.-It .'s announced in a
dispatch from » Nice that during a fight
yesterday afternoon at -Villef ranee, be
tween sailors belonging to the United
States warships Albany and Chicago, a
seaman named Dillon, belonging to the
Albany,, was seriously stabbed. His as
sailants, three men belonging to the Chi-
cago, have disappeared.
; Bonner Will Go to Manila.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 30.— Hugh J. Bon
ner of New York has, accepted the tender
of an appointment as chief of the fire de
partment of Manila.
No Charge for Gold
Lettering on Pocketbooks. Cameras
Traveling Sets, Valises, Dress Suit Cases
and other. fine leather goods. purchased at
our store. Sanborn, Vail & Co. • ♦ .
GETS A REBUFF
FROM ARGENTINA
Uncle Sam's Friendly
' Offer to Mediate Is
Rejected.
Buenos Ayres Government
Apparently Wants War
With Chile.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— Advices re
ceived here indicate that Chile has shown
a more temperate disposition than the
Argentine Republic in dealing with ques
tions which may ultimately involve the
two countries in war. The most surpris
ing feature of the negotiations, according
to these advices, is the refusal of Argen
tina to accept the friendly offices of the
United States to bring about an amicable
adjustment and the promptness of Chile
in welcoming American Intercession.
Since the "Baltimore affair" in 1891,
which nearly involved Chile and this j
c6untry in hostilities, Chileans have sup
posedly maintained a .bitter feeling to
ward their North American neighbors,
fctrt that disposition appears to have
changed. Argentina, on the other hand,
was regarded as especially friendly to
ward trie United States. Her rejection
of the offer of this Government is sur
prising not only on that account but also
because the manner of Argentina's re
fusal indicated that she does not enter
tain any feeling of warmth for the
Washington administration.
From reliable Information received here,
Argentina appears to have been only
half-hearted in her agreement to accept
'.he arbitration of King EdVard, and tfie
conviction is growing among officials
that she is not willing to have a peace
able adjustment with Chile.
In a telegram to the State Department,
Buchanan, one of the American delegates
to the Pan-American Congress in the
City of Mexico, says an agreement for
arbitration along the Hne3 of The Hague
treaty appears to be favored by a ma- I
jority of the Latin delegates and - the '
congress probably will use that treaty as
a model in reaching conclusions. Some
of the countries desire to make a more
radical agreement than that arranged at
The Hague, and Buchanan says they
probably will sign a separate agreement.
COURT BULKS THE PLAHS OF HILL
Continued From Page One.
Company by some one or more of the
States through which the roads pass to
prevent the consolidation in the manner
alleged in the bill, and that the action of
these companies will invite and arouse
hostile legislation by all States through
which the roads pass; anu that in case
the railway company should carry out
and accomplish the plans . and schemes
mentioned it will be subject to have its
charter rights forfeited.
It is alleged that in case the Northern
Pacific Railway Company . proceeds to
and does carry out the plans and schemes
alleged in the complaint the plaintiff will
be irreparably damaged and that he has
no remedy at law for nis damage or in
jury, or any part of it, either against the
company or the officers thereof.
The bill then prays for the writ of in
junction as issued by Judge Elliott. The
injunction is sweeping In its provisions.
GOVERNOES MEET IN HELENA.
Van Sant of Minnesota Outlines the
Anti-Merger Plans.
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 3k— No definite 1
action was taken to-day at the meeting*
of the Governors and Attorneys Gen-
eral of the Northwestern States
called to consider plans for oppos
ing the proposed consolidation of the
Northern Pacific, the Great Northern and
the Burlington railway systems. From the
discussion at the meeting, however, it is
considered probable that the plan of 'gov
ernor Van Sant of Minnesota will be in
dorsed by the executives of the other
States who were present, and that the
fight against the railroad consolidation
: will be carried to a finish. What this plan
1 is Governor Van Sant refused to say un
til the meeting to-morrow morning shall
' have taken action.
i The meetings were held In Governor
Toole's private office and behind closed
doors. There were present besides Gov
ernor Toole and Attorney General Dono
van of Montana, Governor Van Sant and
Attoney General Douglass of Minnesota.
Governor Herreid and Attorney General
Pyle of South Dakota, Governor Hunt
and Attorney General Martin of Idaho,
and Attorney General Stratton of Wash
ington, Governor MeBride of that State
not being able to be present on account i
of the death of Governor Rogers.
Governor White of North Dakota was
expected to attend the conference, and, in
fact, had telegraphed to Governor Van
Sant that he would be" present. In a later
telegram, however, he said that it was
impossible for him to attend the meetings.
The meeting, was organized by the elec
tion of Governor Van Sant as chairman
'■ and Attorney General Martin of Idaho as
secretary. After reading Governor
, White's communication stating that he
; would 'not be present Governor Van Sant
made a brief speech in regard to the ob
' jects of the meeting, giving a history of
. the proposed railroad consolidation and
I the effect he believed it would have on
j the States affected.
"The State of Minnesota," said the Gov
ernor, "has. had on her statute books for
more than twenty-five years laws prohib
iting the consolidation In any way of
parallel and competing lines of railway.
It has been the settled policy of our State
to maintain free, open and unrestricted
competition in freight and passenger
rates. The Great Northern and the North
ern Pacific railway companies operate
parallel and competing lines of railway
within the State. They are practically the
only roads which furnish any transporta
tion facilities to the northern half of the
State, with the exception ot the two
known as the 'iron ore roads.'
"It has been recently announced that
Mr. Hill and his assistants have obtained
the control of the Northern Pacific Rail
road Company and intend to operate the
same jointly with the Great Northern,
anfi in effect bring about a consolidation
by removing all competition and all riv
alry between these roads. To this end
the Northern Securities Company was or
ganized in New Jersey to acquire a con
trolling amount of tho stock of the Great
Northern and the Northern Pacific rail
road companies in exchange for its own
stock, and it is through this company the
unity of management and control is to be
effected.
"As soon as this fact became known to
me I felt it my duty as Governor to do
everything in my official power to oppose
the consolidation or amalgamation of
these properties within the State of Min
nesota. If there is such a consolidation
contemplated— and that fact seems to be
practically conceded— it is an open
violation of the law, as well as
the declared public policy of the
State of Minnesota, and I feel that
I should be negligent of my duties as the
official head of the State if I remained
quiescent • under such circumstances I
have been Informed that the States which
you gentlemen represent as Governors
and Attorneys General have constitution
al or statute laws similar In effect to
those of the State of Minnesota and that
this was a question, in which our State
was not alone interested. Acting upon
this belief. I took the liberty of asking
for this conference of Governors and At
torneys General of the various States
through which these two roads pass, be
lieving that all such States were equaDy
interested in maintaining the principle
heretofore asserted in the State of Min
nesota and reasserted here In its objec
tion to this consolidation. I felt that the
interests were so vast and at the same
time so similar to those of our own State
that the States of. which you gentlemen
are the official- heads should be consulted
and, If possible, such methods of proced
ure adopted as would be uniform.
"The people of the State of Minnesota
feeling certain that competition has been
the .chief factor in her development and
equally. certain that Its destruction would
result in the greatest loss to both pro-
SYBIL SANDERSON
TO WED A TITLE
Announces Her Engage
ment to Comte de
Fitz-James.
Marriage Will Take Piaca
in Paris Some Time Late
in January.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 30.— Mme Sybil
Sanderson announced to-day her engage
ment to marry the Comte de Fitz-Jimes.
The ceremony will take place in Paris
some time late in January. It wa3 Vj|<
desire .of Mme. Sanderson to be marritu
In this country, but she decided to sacri
fice her own wishes in order that bcr
mother, who 13 now in Paria, misht bo
present at the ceremony.
At luncheon in Sherry's last night,
when a friend commented upon the suc
cess she had attained, the young woman
laughingly replied that her newly founU
happiness was sufficient to give her .i
voice, had she never possessed any. Ru
mors then began to circulate, all of whieli
she fenced with half denials, until to-day,
when seen in the Walton Hotel in thU
city she admitted the truth of her jest.
"Should I speak?" said Mme. Sanderson,
questioningly, turning to a friend and to
a stalwart Frenchman who was with ncj
in her private parlor. "My mother had
not been told of it yet."
" "Oh tell it," counseled the young wo
man's' friend. So Mme. Sanderson told it.
as she toyed with a superb diamond ring.
"We have been engaged just no time at
all " said Mme. Sanderson, "but I haw.
known him for many years. He arrived
here just a week ago and he says that he
came to America for no other purpose
than to ask me to marry him. Silly,
wasn't it?"
"I made up my mind I would have 't
settled and so I came to America and
I shall never ceasa rejoicing that I di1
so," broke In the Comte,
"We shall sail on the Kron Frinz on
January 4," said Mme. Sanderson, "ami
will arrive in Paris about a week later. I
shall continue on the stage."
The Comte de Fitz-James bowed low
as he kissed the fingers of his future f
bride, and said: "
"Surely my dear win be happy if devo-
tion can make her so."
The Comte Henri de Fitz-James Is an
officer of cavalry In the French territo
rial army. He is a son of Edouard Due
de Fitz-James, head of the second or
French branch of the Berwick family.
The elder is the Spanish family in which
is vested the title of Duke of Berwick
and Duke of Alva and which recently lo^:
its head by the death of the Duke o(
Alva in New York, where he had at
tended the International yacht races, hav
ing come to New York as a guest of Sir
Thomas Llpton.
ducer and consumer, has determined to
oppose this consolidation. This determi
nation is not entered into with any spirit
of hostility toward railroads. Our State
has dealt liberally with them and ha*
deeded to the various railroads operating
within the State more land than is under
cultivation by the people of Minnesota.".
The visiting Governors and Attorneys
General were given a. dinner this evening
at Governor Toole's residence and later
were guests of the Montana Club.
MORGAN DRAWS BIG CHECK.
Places $34,000,000 at Disposal of
Northern Pacific Officials.
NEW YORK. Dec. SO.— The World will
say to-morrow: "A check for $34,000,000
drawn, it is said, to the order of the
Northern Pacific Railway Company by J.
P. Morgan & Co., was delivered yesterday
(Monday). It represented part of the sub
scriptions to the Northern Pacific con
vertible bonds. This check will be depos
ited by the Northern Pacific Railway
Company with the fund of J75.0O0.0OO which
was to have been used on Thursday to
retire the preferred stock of the com
pany."
Articles of incorporation of the reor
ganized Chicag*, Burlington and Quincy
Railway Company -were filed this evening 1
with the Secretary of State. The capital
stock ia given as $100,000,000 and the filing
fee was $10,000. The articles are signed
by George B. Harris, president, and H.
E. Jarvis, secretary. A note accompany
ing the articles announces that the com
pany accepts the provisions of the Ne
braska law and is signed by five direc
tors—J. C. Leastey. J. M. Deering, J. A.
Connell, W. W. Baldwin and E. M. Shel
ton.
Papers Are Served on Mellen.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Dec. 30.— Just after
the noon hour to-day President Charles
S. Mellen of the Northern Pacific Rail
way Company was served with papers
which enjoin the company from retirln°
the preferred stock.
| B.KATSGHINSKi
| PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
| 10 THIRD STREET. SAH FRANCISCO.
I New Year
I Greeting.
I tJ^ 1 * 1 ! 3 ' FELT JULIETS, Kur
J i r ™ ni ed and Warm Lined; color.*
|| Red and Black; sizes, 3 to 8. A
I Crochet Slippers
U FOR BED AND BATHROOM.
I] MOSTLY ALL COLORS.
M Child's Sizes. 2 to 9 an«
|ffiSiS^oV:::::::;;;; :: e8«
I rSg^Ssffi? ?o L r OB s^e e s t H< Si
I Dre33 Wear, are the Hefght^f
1 and "Widths. THE C" G Cft
j price \ v nil
1-...V. ::::::::: OuiJU *
y Country Orders SolkltoJ. 5
| PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. ;
H «O THIRD STREET. \
jf| San Francisco. %ES GOLD
ON A MEXICAN
sury Agent Prevents
rcuggling at the
Border.
pn Consigned to a San
Francisco Firm Is
Confiscated.
*clal Dispatch to The Call.
•ON, Ariz.. Dec. 3O.-Captain Tom
special agent of the Treasury De
nt here, confiscated $2500 in* gold
to-aay which had been smuggled
;the line at Xosales. Captain
arttays meets the burro train when
'S in ?nd was there as usual this
«• He noticed that a prosperous-
Mexican who alighted from the
eemed very nervous and went di
the only closed cab at the depot.
-in Roush suspected something i.-n
ciy ana hastily followed on loot to
sfc street. The cab stopped at the
rargo Kxpress offlce and when
J ttoush arrived the. Mexican was
ung six packages at gold to a S.m
sco banking nrra.
iin Koush confiscated the gold at
as smuggled property an 4
:e Mexican under surveillance,
s Jesuits. The man gave the name
i Vicente and he came from Hci
'. 'ihe gold comes from a number
cr mines in that district.
ot making an entry of the gold at
s v icente saved $o entry fee ana S
u export duty levied by the Mexi
vernment. He had the gold cone
;:x small packages, which were dis
ci about his clothes. In this way
» cble to conceal it. as it matie a
zed bulk in one lump,
is the second consignment of gold
been directed to the same San
--co banking house and confiscated.
iar case occurred six months ago,
:he gt)ld was ordered released by a
order from the Treasury Depart-
DPEAN POWERS WA2JT
ART OF OUB, INDEJINTTY
CTnde Sam to Divide the Honey
> Be Received From China
With Them.
SHIXGTON*. Dec. 30.— Under a mis
irnpression that there will be a large
_e remaining of the $25 ,<XK>, 000 indein
rund to be paid by China to the
3 States after paying all legitimate
i and the army and naval expenses
e Chinese campaign, some of the
s party to the Peking protocol have
ued that they would be glad to have
balance turned over to them. The
tion is that they have not claimed
ent indemnities to reimburse them
~tua! expenses and proper claims
nat they have a right to regard the
,000 taels as properly dSvidable on
hisis of actual expenditures and
. It is nbt at all probable that this
■will be pressed, however, because
facials here are confident that after
ave defrayed our cwn claims and
id;tures there will be little or no bal
remaining of our allotment.
a.lert Picks Up Apprentices
C PEDRO, Dec. SO.— The United
s steamship Alert arrived at this
yesterday. She carries tweJve offi-
V.il apprentices and ninety-four cn
; men. She will remain here a w<ek
cei\e boys apply ir.g for enlistment as
aitices. She will call at the follow
>orts for the fame purpose on h<:r
to San Francisco: Santa Monica,
ary 5 to 7: Sania 3aibara. January
11; Monterey. January 12 to 14: arrive
jn Fr<inclsco Januarj- 15. Applicants
present themselves at any of these
s for enlistment.
[San Diego Bskers on Strike',
IN" V-IK^O. Dec. SO.— Trouble 5s a~r>5n
mongr the bakers of this city. Last
a strike was ordered and the bakers
erded in their object of preventing
overtime working. The- present J1T
:y if due to the fact that some em
»rs have gives stock in their . con
s. thus makingr it possible to compel
[ overtime if they wish. The union
consequently ordered its ether mem
tjo walk out and they have done so.
leney Heady for New Railroad.
:ESXO, Dec. 20. — O. J. "Woodward, a
•ier, has received a letter from F. A.
■s at Philadelphia stating that tre
ic:al obstacles have at last been over
e against the building of the Montc-
Fiesno railroad and asking that local
talists take i:p a^ain the agritation at
end of the line.
r| A23VEZ1TISE2&ENTS.
■liere exists often a very beautiful
Kapanionship between the mother and
H- daughter. The intimacy is frank.
He and sympathetic. But some day
R mother feels as if something had
■ lied this intimacy. The child is
■fcnt and sad, and seems to shun her
en occurs when V±!*\J&
t voung girl is .^•^Z^Tjr
>ssing the bor- vfifi5V}7>^5^S
r line of woman- Js^fc^fagk
od. Sheismor- (53j^\fe//'!3Sj&
1, nervous, fear- Y^.WW^lWy
, as she entersy /&&yilr^~ m —^'
on this new ex- f "Q^^CHi^y E^
rience. T^"nZT x* H
fbe use of Dr.- jV^^ 1 **" |f§
erce's Favorite I \ x"""— ■
i-'rescriptioTi at I • -^-ftreSaL
■ch a time will L ~T3u£f5&J& Iffllia
ffi. more than re- jB|g fjl|gWR
Blance of mind RaSf* njjnJBS|l
Iftablish the vrora-
m basis of sound JfiSi
B-gifh, zs well as «/*fw3
|te 'nourish the nerves, and promote
te general physical health.
IP 1 Two ren azo my daughter's health began
I iSV^S^gra Hall, of Brodh&d.
■^ CoTwk "Everything that could be
I ousrht of was done to help her but it was of no
Ke When she began to complain she tra«
I:iie stout: weighed 170-the Picture of jrood
■ ■allfa until about the a«of fourteen- then in
I x months she tras so run down her weight was
V. ,~f t felt I could not give her up as she
as 'the only child I bad. and I must say Doc-
r'hato^v for your Favorite Prescription*
y dS^tlSoli ]«« been i. ' her «a-re to-
The CoSmon Sense Medical Adviser,
iooS pa^es, in paper covers, is sent/rar
|,r. rcSfotof 2 r one-cent stamps to pay
Lr^nse'of mailing only Address Dr.
b, y # Pierce, HuSslo, .*. *.
R visit DR. JORDAN'S great£
tatlSEOfl OF flKATOBYJ
U rft ls ruuSIIIsr.tot.6:it7£.S.r.Cd.rf
\ f )Sf > The Largest An»t<*n.ci.l Muwum in the \
f (j ST wcrtd » V e*kne«a or any c.««r»cttri Q
ItS J«*5f!i STj^uToBifee Coast Est.*>r<*^ C
{fStfH W- JORDAN-OIStASES CF MEM Q
, \ /f££!>F ConM.ft.tios. frff »"* fffij^'l A
A r ■ j ll! , w,te <■* Book. ruujo*?'?*''* A
i\ i I' E4HOMCE. MAILED :■***- '*»
'^1 tt /I «lu»W« book lot tn-n) A
' ¥ nn jobdax a.- to.. iosi M * r)^I^£^Q
LUMBER MILLS
IN A COMBINE
Strong Association Is
Formed to Change
the Prices.
Development of Trade in
Foreign Markets Com
pels Action.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 30.-A new
association of lumbermen, the formation
of which was being completed in Tacoma
to-day, will, in a few days, announce
startling changes in the price ol" lumoer
for foreign shipments, as well as for local
consumption, with an important ruling on
the output and capacity of the various
mills.
TJ -r ht; . comblne , embraces all the mills in
British Columbia and Washington and is
backed by the banks as well as by the
moneyed men of Puget Sound, who have
been endeavoring to complete the asso
ciation for the last eieht months.
... . xnost radical changes brought about
will be an increase of $4 per thousand to
local consumers for most classes of lum
ber and an increase of $2 on foreign ship
ments. An allotment of the output of
each mill, calculated upon its capacity
and its average output during other years,
w JiL also ,, be n?ced by the new association.
lhe mills have been making very little
money for several years, but with the
larger demand for lumber in the develop
ment of markets in China, South America
and Australia the prospects are consid
ered good enough to insure a large busi
ness at increased prices.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE '
OF THE PACIFIC SLOPE
Several Changes Made in the Postal
Service and More New Pen
sions Granted.
WASHINGTON", D. C. Dec. 30.—Post
masters commissioned: California— John
F. Minter, Glenville.
Washington— Charles F. Actor, Alto;
Enoch Brayford, Judson.
Postmasters appointed: California —
William F. Wulf, Crescent City, Del
Xorte "County, vice James Brookfield, re
moved.
The establishment of free delivery serv
ice at Visalia, Cal., has been postponed
from January 1 to February 1, 1902.
Pensions were granted as follows:
California: Original— Edward H. Cibson
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $6: Patrick
A. Graham. Esconrfido, ?6. Ten years'
service— Yu Tong, Vallejo, $3. War with
Spain— Edwin E. Williams, Long Beach,
S6. Increased— Thomas Praster, San Luis
Obispo,.$S: William Witzell, Table Rock.
?10; Nicholas A. Philphower, Brentwood,
§12; Michael Brauzhaf, San Francisco, $8.
Oregon: Increased— Samuel D. West,
Manning^ $10.
Washington: Original— Albert H. Carr,
Seattle, $S. Widows— Alexie A. Taylor,
Blaine, $8.
RETUBNS TO HIS HOME
WITH LITTLE MEMORY
Hedlands Man Who Disappeared a
Few Days Ago Cannot Recall
Occurrences.
REDLANDS. Dec. SO— F. W. Nutter, j
who wandered from home last Friday !
and for whom parties have since been :
searching the country in this vicinity, has j
returned in a pitiable mental condition, i
He rtmembers going to the Santa Fe
depot on Friday, but from that time until
he came to his senses on board a train
running from San Diego to Los Angeles !
he remembers nothing-. He cannot recall '
one incident of his trip to San Diego other I
than that the conductor of the train told '
him that he had boarded the train in that |
city. Upon reco%-ering his mental balance ■
Xutter returned immediately to Red- •
lands. Physicians declare that Xutter is''.
suffering- from temporary dementia ;
caused by worry over his wife's illness.
WORK TO SHORTLY BEGIN
ON THE MEXICAN RAILROAD
Vice President Sylvester Signs Con
tracts for Six Hundred Miles
of Rails.
EL PASO, Texas. Dec. 30.— A dispatch
from Chihuahua, Mexico, says that "Lo
cal Manager J. E. Trevino has received
word from Vice President Sylvester to
the effect that within less than thirty
days $2.5uO,000 in gold had been subscribed
in London for the construction company
which is building the Kansas City, Mex
ico and Orient road. A contract has been
signed, sealed and delivered for COO miles
of rails, bolts and accessories, sufficient
to build a road in Mexico. Work will be
begun on the bridge work out of Chihua
hua In thirty days and fifty kilometers of
the road will be in operation within two
months."
HUEDERER OF A JUDGE
GOES TO PBISON FOE, LIFE
Henry "Wilmbusse, Who Killed Jurist
Brady in the Northwest, Is
Sentenced.
SPOKAXE, Wash., Dec. 30.— For xhe
murder of Probate Judge J. C. Brady,
Henry H. "Wilmbusse has been sentenced
to pass the remainder of his life In the
Idaho penitentiary. Sentence was passed
this morning by Judge Mayhew at Rath
drum after a long speech by Wilmbusse,
In which he declared he had been perse
cuted by people who wanted to take away
his money. Wilmbusse was committed to
the insane asylum by Judge Brady four
years ago. Regaining his liberty he mur
dered the Judge In his office a£ Rathdrum
on the 5th of last July.
Northern Beet-Growers Prosperous.
TACOMA. Dec. U).— Farmers in several
sections of eastern Washington and Ore
gon have made such excellent profits in
sugar beets during the past year that
the acreage planted in beets la sure to
be at least doubled in another season.
Two beet sugar factories are in oper
ation, cne at Waverly in Spokane County
and another at Grana Ronde, Oregon.
The farmers were not successful during
the first year or two of beet raising, but
they are now reaping rich profits. The
production of the Grand Ronde Valley
was 30,000 tons this year from 2000 acres.
Dynamiters Destroy a House.
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. 30.— Dynamiters
blew up a house at Berlin, a small village
near Skykomish, last Sunday afternoon
and Incidentally created an excitement
which Is still at fever heat. Sheriff Cudi
hee received a dispatch from a prominent
resident of Berlin, Sunday night, asking
that a detective be sent there immediate
ly, as a house had been blown up by
dynamite. No details accompanied the
message.
Stockman's Son Commits Suicide. ,
LAKEVIEW, Nev., Dec. 30.— Jesse
Coombs, son of Pierce Coombs, a stock
man of Lakevlew, shot himself through
the head this morning and died instantly.
He was with a younger brother on his
father's ranch, fifteen miles from here.
His brother had prepared breakfast and
had called him when he heard the shot.
He was 20 years old. and had frequently
said that he intended taking his life.
TTain Boy's Day Is Over.
TACOMA. Wash.. Dec. 30.— All news
agents on the trains of the Northern Pa
cific are to be discontinued after the lirst
of January. Dally papers will be kept
on the dining-cars and supplied by one of
the waiters. This ;neans that the tralu
peddler is to go.
:crm Cicnty Board of Trade
VISALIA. -. 30.— Representative ..'
all the boarti.. o.'! trade In Tulare Co :»►•<
met tu th!* c"> to-day and organic
County Uoa»ii nf Trade.- George W. H - ;
art wrj (l^ctoti ): resident. It was deci-:«.
to maintain tuo fruit exhibit in the vv
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, ., DECEMBER 31, 1901.
ROSORMONDE AT RIPE, MELLOW ODDS
BEATS GREYFELD OUT IN A DRIVE
Tower of Candies Is the Only Successful Favorite at Oakland.
Landseer Fails to Bring Home the Coin-— Flo Culver Defeats
Quadra™ Staid Oid Wyoming Reaches Wire First Once More
WHEN Andrew Carnegrie or
some of the other noted phil
anthropists have tired of dis
bursing their wealth in en
dowing libraries, colleges and
such like and find that they still tip the
scales forty or fifty millions overweight,
it might by way of divertisement furnish
them a surer coin outlet if they could be
induced to back Greyfeld every time he
starts. Bob Smith's horse looked to have j
a rosy chance to win the Encinal handicap
at Oakland yesterday, with but 109 pounds
in The saddle, and from the way the race
was run should have done so. Unfortu
nately, though, for Greyfeld, the Pueblo
stable entry, Kosormonue, upset matters.
In the handicap on Saturday the latter
mare fell heir to more than her share or I
ill racing lu<;_, but yesterday bid the Held ,
farewell at *>e start. She carried Kanscn ;
and ninety-eight pounds and under torced
draught, lasted long enough to beat Grey
feld a neck, covering the mile and hny
yards in 1:43%; Bullman ran Greyfeld
on two or three sand bars, weathered
two or three typhoons and at the head j
of the stretch was blown half a dozen
leagues out of his course, but still he
probably encountered no worse weather
than Goldone, Janice or Sir Hampton.
Bullman laid his bad luck at the door of
Waterbury, the skipper of Varro, but
Waterbury doesn't know a leg lock from
a half-Nelson. Jackson roae Goldone
through the stretch as if afflicted with
lecomotor ataxia, while Birkenruth s tiller
work on Janice, the favorite, resembled
that of a land lubber who had never
learned to box the compass. Tommy-
Burns on Sir Hampton was bumped at the
start, but did not drift out to tne Faral
lon-JS before crowding on all sail. He did
first rate until becalmed, just in sight or
the post.
An average Sunday crowd crossed the
bay and found the guessing more difficult
than usual. Tower of Candles, a favorite,
lighted everything up temporarily, but all
the other choices went out. The books
undoubtedly collected a few dollars.
In. the introductory sprint over the Fu
turity course with the weights raised
twenty pounds above the scale. Tower of
Candles a 7 to one favorite, ran away
from her field. Caesar Young's filly shoul
dered 126 pounds and with Tommy Burns
up led Alzura out four lengths. Rose of
Ililo finished third.
At the start of the mile selling
run. the barrier ; was carried away,
seriouslv impairing the chances of the
favorite Plead. The latter mare with I^ee
Jackson in the saddle bad to weave his
way from the rear, and was then beaten
a length by Canejo, a 9 to 1 chance, ridden
by Mounce. The show fell to Aloha II, a
15 to 1 shot. Alfred C quit after show
ing early speed.
Roscoe Troxler, the Texas rider, won
the rirst race at the meeting on Flo Cul
ver, in the two-year-old sprint at six
furlongs, in a pretty finish with Quadra
and Landseer. Troxler was pocketed be
hind Quadra and San Lution to the
stretch, where he got out. and at the end
downed the first named filly a neck. Land
seer, backed from 6 down to 11 to 5 favor
itism, was cut off on the back stretch, and
then finished a close third.
Owner Tom. Ryan's Constellator made
his first appearance in the seven-furlong
run. and because of good work reports
ruled an 8 to 5 favorite. The Brutus horse
ran as if a trifle short, for he passed it
up in the run home. Johnny Woods
astride Wyoming overtook Goal Runner,
the pacemaker, the last eighth of a mile,
scoring- -without effort. Sweet Tooth -was
cut eff at the start.
The veteran Pat Morrlssey, an 8 to 5
chance for the final mile run, looked all
over a winner at one time, but eventually
found the route too far.
Bullman on McNamara, an 8 to 1 shot,
then took command, coming in first, two
lengths before Alicia, another outsider.
Track Notes.
■ Birkenruth is not riding in the form he
showed before his suspension. Possibly
he is now a member of the Venus Social
Club, an organization devoted to astron
omy and shrimp salads. Many of its
members arise too early and retire too
late.
Sweet Tooth, which started in the seven
furlong run, sported the colors of the New
York turfman, L. V. Bell.
After two weeks of excellent work with
the starting gate, Dick Dwyer gave way
yesterday to Jake Holtman, who will dis
patch the fields during- the next fortnight.
The entries for this afternoon's events
are as follows:
First race — Four and a half furlones, sell
ing: two-year-old fillies:
3013 Victoria S 10S; 3041 Flattered ....108
Gracchi 10S| S041 Cathello 108
3041 Sterling Twrs.IOS (2720) Tot sj Maid... 108
304S Knocklngs ...108 2951 Nonie 10S
3005 Rose of China. 108 Imp. Okuste..l0.<*
o041 Malaspina ... 108 3041 Esternell 108
Second, race — Seven furlongs, eellins; four
year-olds and upward:
3051 Kitty Kelly... Ill 3042 l?lloa 105
<3««)Dangrrs. Maid.107 2:590 Jingle Jingle. 107
3044 Windward ...10S 3002 L. Clieveden..lOn
(3052)MiESion 107 2i)til Flamero 100
3044 Dr. Bernays. .lt'G (3032)Edgardo 107
(3031)Pompino 10'J 2990 Com 1 g Event. 109
Third race — Five furlonss, puree; two-year
olds:
3043 "Winnecook ...10S| 2998 Senator Brucelll
Rud Hynlcka.10.8i 3030 Jacqueminot .108 i
2006Rubino 10S 3020 Rameses Ill
3043 Ishtar 108 1 3030 Phyllis 103
I ■ ■ •
POWDER ALARMS
MARIN PEOPLE
San Rafael Disturbed by
Discovery of an
Explosive.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 30.— This city was
thoroughly aroused to-day when sticks of
giant powder were found in a room at
tached to the German Hotel in this city.
For a time it was feared mat the un
known fiend that has been burning barns
here had Invented a new method of de
struction and that hereafter he would
make use of dynamite.
Constable Louis Hughes was Immedi
ately notified of the find and proceeded
to make an Investigation. Four sticks of
giant powder were found wrapped up
with some fuse and lying on a table In
a room at the hotel. The room Is one
used by guests and adjoins the dining
room. The fuse was uncapped and there
was no particular danger in the package.
Constable Hughes said:
"I find that four men from the Point
San Pedro Quarry stopped at the hotel
last night. It is probable that one of
them had the powder "in his. pocket and
left It on the table after washing and
before eating. From the harmless condi
tion of the powder I do not think any
harm was or could have been intended."
Patrick Cassidy, who was burned while
trying to save several horses from his
burning barn last night, is resting easily.
He was terribly burned, but will recover.
The officers have so far failed to get any
clew of the barn burner.
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION
COMPLETES ORGANIZATION
Easeball Magnates Meet at Kansas
City and Turn Over Their Leases
to President Hickey.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. ?0.—Representa
tives from all of the cities in the circuit
of the American Association as originally
outlined met in executive session in thla
city to-day and transacted tha business
that war- necessary to complete the •;.
(rarJaatlon of the Iragi -i*. With President
Thorns.* J- Hickty in tho chair, three «>*
rfV-ufa wore held behind closed dours. Tl o
. f- Howing magnates vere in Mendancv:
D. Quin'. aid W. Cllnjrmau. - for Mi!
vauVee; W. H. Watki::s and Rauschnupv
tiir Indian? polls; Charles J. &irob;l, for
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Monday, Dec. 30.— Weather fine. Track fast.
3050. FIRST RACE — Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
■ j ' ~~ i .beumg.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %• %. Str. Fla. Owner and Jockey. Op. . Cl.
3045 Tower Candles, 3.12G 3 12 14 11 14 Caesar Young.. T. Burns 3-6 7-10
ao:tt Alzura, 3 12B 2 23 25 23.26 AH. Vivell Jackson 4 5
IMaii Rose of Hllo, 4.. 139 1 32 31 32 36 Geo. Webb Mounce 8 10
3010 Almoner. 5 131 4 Gy.51 41 4% Garland & Co. .McCarthy 8 15
3042 Wm. Boyer. 3....120 7 7 % 6 1 C 6 5 10 F. Hancock. .Fauntleroy 50 200
3053 Alado, 4 131 5- 4 % 42 6^62 F. J. Todd Bullman 25 50
21)27 Forkford, 3 137 8 8 717171 E. J. Baldwin. .Ransom 0 12
2974 |Carllee, o 120 8 51.8 8 8 J. B. Bortano Prior 60 100
Time — To »,4, :21^4; to %, :45'/4; last %. 1:01%; short %, 1:10%. Fair. start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner, Caesar "Young's b. f. by Candlemas- Duchesa of Towers.
Winner had speed to burn. Alzura held others safe. Forkford pulled up lame. Scratched
— Senator Matts 131, Herculean 139, King Dellis 142. r^r^-^-^-.
3000. SECOND RACE — One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, *325.
~ T j Betting.
Index j Horse. Age. Weight.|St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
2087 Canejo, 4 114 6 8 10 6% In 11 | Owen Bros. ..... .Mounce 5 0
'3025 Plead, 3 100 8 6 %■ 5h 2 n • 2 n J. Rothert Jackson 11-10 1
;S026 Aloha II, 4 109 1 21% 2 % SI 3 4 Jones & Co J. Woods 6 S
:;01O Pencil Me, 3 100 4 3.2 3151 41 Alaska Stable. . .Redfern 6 12
3042 Helen Smith, 3.. 100 7 51 73 4^53 J. Conway Dunn 15 20
304U Loyal S, 3 105 2 41 4h 61 06 V. Gilbert Vickery 15 40
281."5 Nilgar 5 114 5 7 M, S 20 8 20 7 15 Mrs. Jones & Co.McCar 8 13
3011 Alfred C. 4 117 3 . 1 % • 1 % 7 1 8 20 F.Phillips Bullman 4 5
3004 Talma, 4 111 9 9 9 9 0 Hennessy & Co.. A. Kelly 15 30
Time — Vi. :25; J/i, :50; %, 1:15%; mile, 1:42. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
Owen Bros.' ch. m. by,Royal Flush-Lady Emma. Canejo was well ridden and had nothing
much to beat. Plead was caught in barrier at start but is not up to very much. Aloha
at one stage looked a winner. Alfred C stopped suddenly. Talma away badly. Scratch
ed—Afghan 119.
3001. THIRD RACE — Six f urlongsY^ellTngTTwo-^a^r^oldsT^alue^to^first, $325.
j ~ j ; j S I Betting.
Index|Horse and Weight.|St. %. %. Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. 1 Op. CL
30.TO Flo Culver . . . v. .110 3 4n 3^ 2h In Stanfleld & Bllis.Troxler 4 4
(3050) Quadra 110 1 lh 22 In 2 Vi Snider & Co Bullman 2 13-5
30;!S) LLandseer ..110 7 8 ti 6141 32 Ezell & Lazarus. Birkrth 6 12-5
303S Snowberry ........105 6 . 5 h* 8 2 51 4 2 Kauffman & Co. Jackson 6 12
29US Bendara 108 5.3h 41 6 1 54 J Burrows Buchanan 8 25
:t05O Larry AVHt ......109 9 0 T % 7 V4 C 5 T. H. Stevens. . .Mounce 7 12
304.J San Lution ......105 2 2 1. In 3 h 7 2 James Wilson. . .McGinn 25 60
:?024 Evander 105 8 6h5h 84 86 Jennings & Co. J. Woods 10 15
2750 Irma A ..... 110 4 .7 h : 9 9 0 Frisco Stables Hoar 10 30
Time— V*. :24%: ■%, :49%; %, 1:15. ; Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving.
Winner, Stanfleld & Ellis' b. t. by Lew Weir- Juanita. Winner pocketed behind Quadra and
San Lution to stretch. Landseer would have won had he not been pinched and crowded .
. out of his position on back stretch. ' Snowberry was cut off on far turn. San Lution quit.
Scratched— Baldo 105. .
3(M>2. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
j j 1 Betting.
InrtPxJHorse. Age. Welght.lSt. %. %. Str. Pin. ! Owner and Jockey. I Op. Cl.
(303(5) Wyoming, a.. 112 3 55 51 22 11 J. G. Brown & Co.J.Wds 2 5-2
2972 Goal Runner, 5... 105 2 3h In 11 2 6 Alaska Stable.. Birkenrh 7 7
1224 Constellator, 4. ..105 5 4n 2h 3 1 3 3 F. H. Ryan Ransch 6-5 8-5
3058 February, a 105 6 2 h 4- % 4 2 4 % J. S. Gibson Howson 20 40
ISweet Tooth. 3... 108 1 6 6 55520 L. V. Bell Dunn 3 7-2
I Finch. 4 105 4 1131 G 6 Burlingame S F..Jacksn 20 75
Time — Vi. :23'4; %, :4SMt; %. 1:14%; %. 1:27. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Wirner, J. G. Brown & Co.'s b. g. by Pardee-Caprice. Wyoming won without
effort. Goal Runner ran a capital race. Constellator probably a bit short. February will
soon be up on edge. Sweet Tooth cut off at start. Finch had speed for a panel or two.
3O«3. FIFTH RACE — 1 mile 50 yards; Encinal hdcp.; 3-yr-olds and lip; value to first, $400.
Index|Horse, Age, Weight. [St. U. . %. Str. Fin. I Owner and Jocker. I Op. tUD ci.
3056 iRosormonde, 6... 98 3 1111 In In Pueblo Stable. ...Ransch 6 6
3038 IGreyfeld, 5 109 5 61 7 3h 21 B. A. Smith.... Bullman 4 5
3056 IVarro. 3 9S 4 4 % 5 % 4 1 3 1 G. W. Miller. Waterbury 6 6
.1028 IGoldone. 4 100 2 2% 2h 5 % 4h J. Coffey Jacksonl C 7
•JO^S Janice. 3 • 1 -"JJ5 ~ 7. 6 1 : 6 2 5h G. B. Morris. Birknruth 3 13-5
(2790) Sir Hampton, 4. ..107 1 5 V 3 .4 h 2 1 6 4 Geo. T. Burnsl 3 7
3003 |E1 Oriente. 3 94 6 3-1% 3 % 7 7 E. J. Baldwin & Co.Rdfn| 10 12
Time— U.:24%: %. :4S%; %, 1:13%: m., 1:40% ; 1 m. 50 yards, 1:43%T Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner, Pueblo Stable's b. m. by Ormonde-Fairy Rose. Nothing inter
fered with winner but the wind. Greyfeld played the usual hard luck hand. He also bumped
Janice and Sir Hampton at the start. Jackson on Goldone put up a weak finish. Janice
cut off in the stretch., • ■• ■ ■ ■
3064. SIXTH RACE— One mile; setting; 3-year-olds and up; value to first,- $325.
Index|Horse, Age. WelghtlSt. #• %. Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. '■ Op. "cl
3042 McXamara, 4. ...114 4 2h 2 1; 11' 1 2 " ' Magrane &'Co. .Bullman ~ fi «
3033 Alicia, a 114 9 0 9 4 1 2 1 P. Moore.T. .... iTMo^nce 6 ll
3025 Pat Morrissey, a. 114 1 5 2 ... 3 .% .2 Ji . . 3 h .... Dr. H, E. Howell.BrkrhT 6-5 8-5
3000 Gawatne, 3 100 7 6n 5 1 . 3 % .4 1 W.,E. Cotton. Hoar G 5-2
3C55 Compass, 3 105 8 8 4 6 4 ,• 6 2 5 1 James Wilson. . .McGinn 8 20
3025 Bob Palmer, 3. ..105 5 4h ! :6^Jh 62. S. Judge Ransom 30 30
3662 KasUln., .5. 114 2 3 2 _~ tt- Xs 4 ;~ 7-4^. " K. M s Borchrrt.TT Burns *S IS
3042 Koenig. 6 114 6 1 2 ll 7 1* 84 A Genevein Troxler 15 SO
3004 JFondo, 3 100 3 72 71 9 9 P.\GuilfoyJ¥. ...•.Jackson 6 9
Time— U, :2a^; %, :50%: %. 1:15%; mile,. 1:42.- Good start. Won first three driving Win
ner. W.-P. Magrane & Co.'s b. g. by The Bard-Athalarlc. Winner received a strong ride
Away better Alicia would have won. Fondo cut off at first turn. Morrissey grew wearv last
sixteenth. Gawaine was bet on and ought to win next time out. Scratched Bagdad 114
Go Out 11.—. *
Fourth race — One mile, purse; three-year
olds:
305fi Icicle 109 (3046)Rolllch ..109
.',04fl Grafter 104 3055 Billy Lyons. .109
3046 Marshal Nell. 107 2084 Beau Orm'de..l07
Fifth race — Six furlongs, selling;- three-year
olds and upward:
3058 S for Scand' 1.102 2596 Sweet Caporal 98
3034 Matt Hogan.. J*8 Light Ball 90
(3018)Vantine «8 M000 Gusto 101
• Yellow Star... 00 30&1 Fitzkanet 102
3051 Hilee 101 3047 Marineuse . . .105
3001 Prncs. Titania 90 3031 Floronso 9'J
Sixth race — One and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward:
S055 Expedient ...105 3055Artilla' 112
3004 Limelight ....105 3003 Redwald 112
3052 Einstein 105 3040 Castake 105
8033 Col. Bal'tyne.115 3044 Ulm 105
3002 D. of York 11.105 2833 Sylvan Lass.. 103
3049 El Fonse 105
To-TJay's Selections.
First race — Cathello, Nonie, Torso Maid.
Second race — Kitty Kelly, Dangerous Maid,
Comins Event. . . . v .
Third race--Jacqueminot, Senator Bruce,
Toledo; T. J. Brlce and Murchlson, for
Columbus; George P. Lennon, for St.
Paul; Walter Wilmot, for Minneapolis, and
George Tebeau and Dale Gear, for Kan
sas City. Omaha was represented by
proxy by H. D. Quinn of Milwaukee.
At the morning session a constitution
and by-laws were adopted, and it was de
cided that uniform tickets should be used
in all the cities. The leases held by the
magnates were turned over to President
Hickey. Hickey stated that he had in his
possession three-year leases on baseball
parks in seven of the eight cities.'
At the afternoon session the Omaha
franchise was awarded to Frank Buntle
of Omaha, an old ball player and a prac
tical business man. He is backed by Mil
waukee capital, and he will have imme
diate charge of the team.
CharlesiJ. Strobel of Toledo was award
ed a five-year franchise In the circuit.
Routine business occupied the time of
the evening.
riCYCXE RIDERS START
A TEN HOUR A DAY RACE
Jimmy Michaels Makes a Mile in ths
Fastest Indoor Time on
Record.
BOSTON, Dec. 30.— Of the ten teams
which started in the six-day— ten hours a
day— bicycle race at 1:35 this afternoon at
the Park Square Gardeti, six were tied at
206 miles 3 laps when the time expired to
night, while the other four teams were
within a mile of the leaders. Of the lead-
Ing bunch Munro and Freeman were at
the head. The pace for nearly half the
time to-day was slow because of a slip
pery track, which made the riders keep
on the flat at the turns. For three hours
after the start the riders practically loafed
all along until the management decided
that the track was safe.
In an exhibition Jimmy Michaels rode
a mile in 1:26. announced to be the fastest
indoor mile on record.
The score at 11:36, when the first day
ended, was: \
Riders — Miles. Laps.
Munro and Freeman 200 3
Gogoultz and Zlmmer 206 3
Butler and McLean 206 3
McFarland and Maya 206 3
Samuelson and King 206 3
Leander and Rutz 206 3
Fischer and Chevalier ....;..... 200 2
Keegan and Krebs 206 1
Jaak and Muller 206 —
McConnell and Cam! 205 0
Pre'fers Death to Blindness.
VIENNA, Dec. 30.— Dr. Holzlnger, a
well-known Judge and vice president of
the Criminal Court, committed suicide to
day .by shooting.: He has been greatly
depressed owing to a fear that he was go-
Irjr blind. "■ «• •" .p~;
Calendars and, Diaries
For . 1603— also Dnlly Journals,- Memoran
dum Books, Bili Books,^ Ca fd * Cases and
Blank Books of every description. Best
Service nnd Best. Values at Sanborn, Vail
& Ce.'e, 741 Market street. - :';•,
Ishtar.
Fourth race— Rollick. Beau Ormonde. Mar
shal Neil.
Fifth race— Princess Titania. Light Ball
Matt Hojran. ' *
Fifth race— Castake, El Fonse. Redwald.
Racing Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 30.— Results:
First race, selling, five and a half furlongs
Saline won, Henry of Franstamar second Hop
Scotch third. Time, 1:12 1-5.
Second race, selling, nix furlongs— Marie
Bell won. Colonel Stone second, Orla third.
Time, 1:19.
Third race, steeplechase, short course — Gold
en Link won, Falella second, Patroon third.
Fourth race, one mile, handicap— Fake won
Marcos eecond, Malay third. Time 1-46% '
Fifth race, selling, one mile and a sixteenth
—Death won, Strangest second, Arak third.
Time. liooYa.
Sixth race, seven furlongs— Emma A M
won, The Way second, King Tatlus third
Time, 1:32%.
STORM TOSSES
GOLDEN CARGO
Cottage City Has a Haz
ardous Voyage Prom
Alaska. X
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Dec. 30.—
After a tempestuous voyage, the steam
ship Cottage City arrived this evening
from Sitka and way points, bringing fifty
passengers and $70,000 in bullion.
Captain Wallace reports that he escaped
the storm of December 25, but on the 28th
encountered a gale of unusual fury. The
sea was lashed into a foam and the wind
blew with-such violence that the Cottag6
City was compelled to seek shelter in
Carter Bay and it was with difficulty the
vessel was held at anchor.
For the second time a jury has brought
in a verdict of murder in the first degree
against Homer Bird. 'The trial com
menced December 19 and on Christmas
the jury returned a verdict. The murder
of which Bird was found guilty was one
of the most atrocious in the criminal
annals of Alaska.
Captain Gilgore, of the revenue cutter
Rush, who arrived from Sitka- on the
Cottage City, expressed grave fears for
the steamer Discovery. He says that It
may be possible that she Is safely at an
chor in some sheltered place in a crip
pled condition, but the fact that nothing
has been heard of her for forty days,
when she was at Kodlak, makes the
chance of her safety very doubtful.
McCormack Stays the Limit.
ALLENTOWN. Pa., Dec. 3O.-Jim Jef
fords of California and Jack McCormack
of Philadelphia fought fifteen rounds
here to-night in which the Calif ornian
had much the better of the go. Jeffords
drew blood in the! first round and in the
second round sent the Philadelphian to
the floor with a hard right hand punch.
After that McCormack braced up and
managed to stay the limit. ,
Gans Outclasses Joe Young.
; PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 30.— Joe Youngs
'of Buffalo -was completely 'outclassed by
Joe Gans of Baltimore ' to-night in what
was to have beensa, six-round bout at the
.Washington Sporting Club.} In the fourth
round Youngs had enough and retired.
'.WASHINGTON, Dec. V .< 30.— The transport
Grant, with , Governor^ Taft, arrived at Naga
saki to-day on her way to San Francisco.
SCIENCE STAYS
HAND OF DEATH
Chicago Professor An
nounces Marvelous
Discovery.
Finds Means of Preventing
Disintegration in Cells of
Sea Creatures.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30.— Another startling
scientific discovery in psychology, which
some investigators say, is a long' step
toward revealing the secret of immortal
life and by which science has succeeded in
checking the death process In the living
cell, was announced by Professor Jacques
Loeb of the University of Chicago to-day.
The announcement was made at the first
session of the annual conference of Amer
ican Psychologists, which is meeting at
the university, and was the cause of con
siderable stir among the many scientists
present.
Professor Loeb's paper, the subject of
which was "Prolongation of life In un
fertilized eggs of the sea urchin by po
tassium cyanide," gave the result of ex
periments conducted by himself and his
assistants at Woods Holl, Mass., last
summer. He said:
"As the result of my experiments on
the eggs of the sea urchin and star fish
I am of the opinion that death is not due
to disintegration in the life cell. Death
is an active process, which starts with
the first appearance of life in the cell
and which, if not checked, leads to an
nihilation. My experiments show that in
an unfertilized egg two processes start
at once— one toward life and the other
toward death. My object was to find some
substance that would check the death
process and be a preservative of life- In
the cell. +
"The egg naturally dies at once unless
it becomes fertilized. Enzymlc action, or
a sort of fermentation, seems to be re
sponsible for this mortiferous process.
Hoping to counteract this enzymic action
I put some eggs into a solution of potas
sium cyanide and the result was impres
sive beyond our fondest dreams.
"Not only was the death process in the
eggs checked, but the solution acted as
a preservative of the life cell. That life
was thus sustained was proved when the
eggs were removed from the solution and
hatched. I succeeded in preserving life
in this way as long as seven days."
What the ultimate results of experi
ments upon the budding cell life of higher
animals will be scientists would not vent
ure to predict.
Professor Martin Fischer, one of Pro
fessor Loeb's assistants, declared that
ability to check the death process in cells
from which the mature animal spring9
means the solution of the problem of end
less life. Scientists are eager to see how
far up in the animal scale Professor Loeb
can control conditions of life and death.
Several other papers of importance were
read during the meeting. Professor D. J.
Lingle of the University of Chicago gave
the Yesults of his research into the effect
of common salt upon the heart beat. He
affirmed with great emphasis that,
contrary to the statement of Professor
Howells of Harvard, salt is the sole agent
responsible for the rhythmic action of the
heart.
Professor F. S. Lee of Columbia Uni
versity made some Interesting reports up
on the action of alcohol upon muscles.
By experiments upon the frog he demon
strated that a small amount of alcohol
increased the working power of muscle,
enabled it to make more rapid contrac
tions In a given space of time and delayed
fatigue; that, in short. It mide the muscle
a much better machine. In larger quan
tities, however, alcohol was detrimental
in all respects.
MAEYLAND MECHANICS
GIVE MEDAL TO SCrffiLEY"
Spokesman Pays Tribute to the TJn
. selfish Conduct of the Hear
Admiral.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— The Maryland
councils of the Junior Order of Mechanics
to-night presented to Admiral Schley a
magnificent medal studded with diamonds
as an evidence of .their esteem "and ad
rciration of his services to th'e country.
The presentation took place in Admiral
Schley's apartments in this city and was
made by a committee from the councils,
which came over from Baltimore on an
afternoon train.
Rev. C. F. Wyatt, acting as spokesman
of the committee, referred to Admiral
Schley's participation In the battle of San
tiago and his conduct following it, and
added that his unselfishness had en
deared him to the hearts of the American
people. Referring to the court of in
quiry. Dr.- Wyatt said that the people had
sympathized with the admiral in the or
deal through which he had passed and
had substituted the minority report for
that of the majority, because they
weighed opinions rather than counted
them.
Admiral Schley sincerely thanked the
committee and added:
The services which this beautiful emblem is
intended to commemorate were those which
every lover of home and country will eladly
perform for his people and for their prestige
It was my good fortune to have participated
on that eventful third day of July in an en
gagement which readjusted the geographical
lines of this continent, and this testimonial
from your organization is only another recogni
tion from my fellow countrymen that these
services have met their approval. I thank
you again for this kind tribute.
SUCCESSFUL EXPERIMENTS
WITH NEW DISINFECTANTS
Use of Sulphur Dioxide May Result
in Lessening Time of Vessels
in Quarantine.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— Successful ex
periments made at Angel Island, San
Francisco, in the disinfecting of ships,
may result in lessening the time of the
vessels In quarantine from twelve to thir
ty-six hours. A gas known as sulphur
dioxide was used. The experiments have
been reported to the Marine Hospital
headquarters here and should the results
be borne out by future tests a great sav
ing from a commercial standpoint will
have been made.
Historical Society Elects Officers.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— The American
Association to-day elected officers for the
ensuing year as follows: President, Cap
tain Alfred T. Mahan, U. S. N., retired;
first vice president, Henry C. Lee, Phila
delphia; second vice president, Professor
Goldwin Smith, Toronto; treasurer, Pro
fessor Clarence TV. Bowen; corresponding
secretary, Professor Charles W. Haskins
University of Michigan.
reath Quickly Overtakes a Murderer.
LJNDON, Ivans., Dec. -30.— Albert Doty,
living near here, killed his wife last night
by beating her upon the head with a gun
barrel. Doty then escaped, and this morn
ing his mutilated body was found on the
Missouri Pacific Railroad north of town
As a result of the crime Mrs. Doty's
mother, Mrs. Taylor, has become insane
Turfman Accidentally Kills Himself.
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Dec. 30.— David C
Shafer, a well known turfman and one
of the owners of the Terminus, was
found dead In bed at Galatin. Shafpr
complained of feeling nervous and spnt
to a drug store for morphine, and hiq
•leath is ascribed to an accidental ovpr
dose of the drug. - vcr
Appointed State Controller.
ALBANY, N. Y., Dec. 30.-Govemor
Odell to-day appointed Nathan L. Miller
of Cortland County as. State Comptroller
to fill the vacancy caused by the reslir
nation of Erastus C. Knight, who was
recently elected Mayor of Buffalo.
Bubonic Plague at Smyrna.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— Consul Lane
at Smyrna has cabled the State Depart
ment that the bubonic plague has broken
out at that point. . >
:' A3)V ggig3^Ts.v ; v-;,_ .,''
A List oi What Is
Left and The
Prices.
Everything Should Go To-Day.
Be Sure to Investigate This
if Your Home is Without a
Piano. See the Choice Reg-
ular $550 Styles, Now
$33?, and the Remaining
Regular $350 Kinds, Now
$186. On Easy Payments.
It will be many a day before residents
of San Francisco will have the chanca
to buy brand new, high-grade, fully war-
ranted pianos at the low prices that they
are now offered during the sacrifice sale
of this stock of Klmball. Stelnway Whit-
ney, Emerson, Estey, Milton. Gramer,
Richmond and other tine new planoa.
We know there are hundreds, yes,
thousands here In this city who need
the pianos, and who, if they knew the
exact facts as they exist here, would be
crowding in here in a wild scramble
to secure one of these remaining- line
instruments before they are all gone.
We can say no more than has 't^h^^f^
In our previous announcements. The
pianos are here for those who want them.
They are here without a profit. And lae
instruments are as fine and perfect as we
or any other dealers know how to secure.
They are each accompanied by strongly
worded regular factory guarantees. Each
transaction we guarantee shall be en-
tirely satisfactory or no sale. And we
will furthermore supply any of these
pianos at these low prices on easy terms
of payment, so that surely any one is In
position to supply his children and his
home with a piano now.
See these beautiful fancy mahogany or
English oak cased upright Cabinet GraruF!
pianos, regular retail price $550, now $337
and $330. Thirty dollars down and twelve .
dollars a month takes choice of these re-
maining ones.
Here are several of these beautiful
English quarter-sawed oak cased, seven
and one-third octave pianos, strictly
high-grade quality, that can still be ob-
tained for $213 — also on small payments.
This means virtually half price to you.
See these two fancy mottled walnut
cased Cabinet Grand upright pianos, re-
volving lock-board, full length music
desk, three pedals, the third a soft or
. practice pedal, for $256. Ordinarily you
i would expect to pay $450 for such value*. ■ ■
i Regular $300 styles, which even "way
back East" have never been sold for ?ej?
than $275, can now be secured for $137, and
the fancier styles for $156.
Let us also call your attention to
these several fancy walnut or oak cased
' Estey upright pianos. We are .offering?
them now at $247 for the fanciest style,
and $218 for the others. This also is like
buying two pianos for the ordinary prfce
of one.— ~
Of the Emerson make we have a large
number of mahogany and walnut cased
Gramer styles— that must all find buyers
to-day. Take choice for $186, and remem-
ber we'll not split hairs about the terms
of payment.
Several of these remaining Nugent up-
right pianos must also find homes some-
where to-day — said to be worth $225. Hero
they are now $122 50, while the supply
lasts.
All instruments, with the exception of
three of the large fancy hand carved
styles, are now for sale at lowest cash
sale figures, but time buyers will pay In-
terest on deferred payments at tne rate
of 8 per cent per annum.
Remember the place, Eilers PianojjSVn .c
pany's wholesale warerooms^irr
Bishop Building, second floor; ffToMarket '
street, near Kearny street.
A REMARKABLE RECORD.
Piano Buyers From All Sections of'
the State Take Advantage of
the Sale.
Instruments were sold yesterday at
Eilers Piano Company's sacrifice sale to
almost every section of the State, as well
as m the city and In Oakland and Ala-
meda.
One of the instruments was secured by
the United States Hospital at Mare Isl-
and. Another goes to Judge Conlan. Mr.
Arnsburger of the Stockton Creamery se-
lected a beautiful Cabinet Grand upright,
Mr. Bostick of Tomales receives a hand-
some walnut cased Cabinet Grand; Mi33
Silva of Elmhurst selected a most beauti-
ful mottled English oak cased Kimball
upright; Mr. Theiles of Rosedale got tha
same, and another Cabinet Grand mottled
walnut cased Klmball upright will be de-
livered to-day to Mr. Voelker. a well-to-do
Alaska brewer coming, to San Francisco
to live; still others were selected by airs.
Duckle of Union street. Mrs. Hodges on
Sutter street. Mrs. Rogers on Bush
street, Mrs. McCaul of Oakland. Mrs.
Richardson of Vallejo, Mr. Queissea of
Washington street. Miss Ulbrandt on
Midway. a,^ ~±*zi
Indications are that even/ fhls tremen-
dous day's record of piano selling will
be greatly exceeded to-day, as time for
the close of the sale draws near. If you
are going to participate In this money-
saving opportunity you should not fail *o
call at the wholesale salesrooms, 645 Mar-
ket street, upstairs in -the Bishop build-
ing, without delay.
LIVE IN~CASTLES.
Great Singers Who Have Regal
Homes.
Like Pattl, Mile. Calve has her own
castle, and Minnie Hauk has
bought the Chateau de Cabrierea
in her • native department of
Aveyron.. The famous De Reszke broth-
ers own large estates In Poland, and Mme.
Nordica has a lovely home in London. It
is a significant fact that these great ar-
tists have selected Kimball pianos for use
in their homes, finding them the most
satisfactory as a support and accompani-
ment for the voice.— Chicago Tribune.
GET AROUND~HERE QUICK
If you want "anything in our line from a
$117 piano up to a World's Fair Kimball.
We are on the round up and you must do
business now or never. We are willing
to save you every dollar's profit this side
of the factory if you come while we have
pianos and do business quickly; but time
is money with us and we have none to
spare. Don't miss the Klmball. It's a
winner. Terms, $25 down and $10 a
month. Eilers Piano Company, 643 Mar-
ket street. Bishop building, upstairs. Take
elevator. *
HER VALUE INCREASED.
Nordica's Success Doubles x Her
Prices.
Th« financial value that accompanies
artistic success Is again Illustrated In the
case of Nordica, the great soprano, whose
triumphs at Bayreuth last summer were
heralded far and near. Before her over-
whelming European success managers es-
timated her services at $b00 for each per-
formance, but the contract for thla sea-
son calls for $1200 per night* for flfty
nlehts Sixty -thousand dollars against
$30 000 "is a handsome Increase. Her homo
in London Is a beautiful example of taste
and refinement. Chlcagoans will Ig.^:
ested to know that she has a Klmball
JlaSo to her studio, which sh. «™8S£"
Iy uses, because, as she says, « l *^I I i n -
for accompanying tho votce.-CW-«*o *?
I ur Ocean.
34
GOSSIP IN CAMP
OF POLITICIANS
Closing of the Southern
Pacific Political
Bureau.
No Railroad Cash for Fixing
Conventions and the
Legislature.
Julius Kruttsclwitt. assistant to Presi
dent Harrlman of tl:o Southern Pacino.
and W. F. Uerria of the railroad com;
nany'n law department, are In San Fran
dmoa. Tho inhabitants of the yellow build- |
:r~ i^id the denzons of tho annex com
nrt-hi>nd Nearly that Kruttschnitt stands
n«M t-^ he president of the road. Ex
lnj!.£*s frf the maintenance of a political
bttrt&Q Oitnnot be puid without his sane- ,
\ian. Tfcure arc lomv.oil assurances that ;
U»«i management has abolished the politl- j
txil bureau. Jlerrin retains his position as !
uti'>rr.»'> of the company, fcut no longer
eojpjra *t>« privilege of drawing on the
cotnpan> J » treasury for money to meet
Political campaign expenses. No doubt
I he com pan v will expect certain members
. of the KiiUroad Commission, at leaEt two ;
wembers of the Slate Board of Eualiza- ;
tJ'irj ari'j other State officers to attest a ;
NU}$a of gratitude by remaining faithful j
Im tb.« interests of the corporation.
' As Htrrin is well acquainted with the !
Stele >;''lcers>. who received assistance ;
from th* pid political department, he will j
probably i ie retained tor awhile to keep
them In line. Several of the officers j
*hcse *■•• f vices may be acceptable to the •
■ < - yrnnai > Lre inclined to resent the inti- :
niation iff corporate ownership, but are
ready -1 1 a debt of personal
■Txtztnn to Mr. Herrln, therefore the
chief nQ he law department may be found
ustlu! y the delivery of purchased goods.
tame Played on Hays.
It'lej iiite well known that C. M. Hays,
■""ho*» joeeded Collis P. Huntington as
I*rc^<-j a., of the Southern Pacific, came
iwn • ith a firm resolve to abolish Her
"n s )jitical bureau and take the com-
P 2 P>j ut of politics. In this step he was
Zyt-ii by Mr. Kruttschnitt. In order to
v^ n j ce c ow'ners of the road in New
* hkt the corporation would be rob
'-%,tgftt. and left if the political man-
Sr'*fch ft^Jip dropped, opponents of
Mr. U$\'-< caused demonstrations of cor
l t»orat-= n utility to be made in Nevada.
'Tn«- 'hr'iits to "cinch" and harass the
" compiifiy were s=o frequent and audacious
! tSat th^ > -wners of the road in New York
b<??an to think that Hays had made a
mistake. The "old timers" on the pay
rcH 8Pt)t up a shout of joy wh»n Hays
res!/rne<l. The prospect that Kruttschnitt
tvf>\;id t>«= placed on the retired list gave
ih'i roiitkal workers a season of delight.
TJ/ej- locked forward joyously to the res
toration of the old political system with
Il«»rrin at the head of the department.
Vbe joy was of short duration. One of
;. "V" tlrst acts of President Harriman—
W ,V>"->s' FU'-.jepsor— was the appointment of
iTrutisohr.;ttt to the position of general
,'lps nsiEf-r suid assistant to the president.
; i-iimuitfe^e tisly came the announcement
that the icmpany wouid not meddle in
pdUUca! .iifairs:, but would adhere ptrict
ly in the Jegitimate business of carrying
freight in! passeng-ers. Harriman hav
j. ing b^f-n i duly apprised of the game
\ flayed <w j Hays by the politicians, is
f prepBrco t« meet threats of hostile legis-
Uufon. Hi expects to hear that the com
r-:n> Kill be robbed if guards are not
Jla<ed la tjie lobby at Sacramento. He
mow." ihrt. j newspapers long accustomed
<j Wrpprjie sustenance become vicious
wh^-n UfJJiii'ed of the nourishment which
aaA subsidy affords. He is said,
■ be firm in the resolve to ad
■ ■ y to the railroad business, and
■■ money for fixing conventions!
-: i naii-*.; ng Legislatures.
andidates for the State Senate
ar*. ••• ■»; ig on railroad support in the
r-t^-*'" < "*• Tipaijrn. They expect orders to
i»? gi^tr. "ut rrom Tn*an<3'uai t«'i g -tnat they )
| sre sc «p;able to the company, so that j
"the rrv :. rn the and yards may get '
the bmti v.'hen thoy apply to the company
fer ftnyjifjal or other assistance in the
can.pnisn their applications will reach the
fT-rK-r.-i] manager. Julius Kruttsehnitt,
who is authorized to speak for the South
ern Pacirur. Herrin, no doubt, will be
T»rivll(»jre j to indorse all such applications '
< .:n-I Bay a eood word for the applicant, 1
especially if the supplicating Senator be
; one tts.t has ever been faithful to the rail- '•
rca-5 an the Legislature.
\ New County Comxnitteemen.
> /J.-fore the end of the week Thomas D.
V yvrter.. chairman of the late Republican
- JP"?* .^ convention, tvin appoint
\*~nt<mj. iJjvnty Committeemen at large
■ 73tm*& inrfhaijeighteen district delegations
trAiari four cornmittcemen and the con
vention authorized the chairman to e»
pdnt cighteeq at large. Early in January
the tirw committee will meet and or-
KHUTTSCHUTTT LOOKING
OVER FREE PASS LIST
illew Tickets Will Not Be Issued
Until Last Day of Next
Month.
All the holders of annual passes of the
Southern Pacific Company will be mailed
a notice lo-day informing them that the
passes for next year are not ready for
tiistribution. In the mean time all the
Holder? of the coveted little piece of paste
board wiu be allowed to ride on their
1<r fT rt r>asses untI1 January 31 of next
;i " f , ant PrcsS dent Julius Kruttschnitt
vi!l look over the list of those who have
in the past received the courtesies of the
roai. He will also have the say of the
number of passes that will be issued in
the fuiure.
• SUCCESSFUL MERCHANT
CALLED TO HIS BEST
6?.5ue'"rect?F - of Sosenthal, Feder &
Co. Dies After Hlness of
Eleven Days. , .'- "
Samuel Tefier of the firm of Rosentha.1.
rc-d-r &.• Co. passed away yesterday at
Us- rcsid-:ire. 1224. Golden Gate avenue
att^r an Iness of eleven days. The de
•c*?ed w^-s one of the best known pioneer
n-r<han-^ of this city. For the pa«t
&S£. C ! ? £ pmi:rv lle *' as * member it I
the firm - f Iiosenthal. Feder & Co. and
w.j>h regarded as a very capable business
nz.ii.
-Feder was a native of Plesh^n Gcr- !
S^fiteffiS 1^ years of age. When he
» a > firt.iieen years of ace ho rom« t n
Jalifornia and locate at MarylvllieSub
■f-quently he u-«nt to Newvilfe where he
* Besides being a capable bu^in.^ ma «
Fed-r was strictly temporal" in all his
hab?ts. n~ succeeded in ama«Uimr a « '■
tfderaWe fortune, A wtfe five dfAT^
as.d one *on survive him The ehildrJ^
<are: Mrs., A. W. Hexter of MarCivnf
UtL Ja<iue Mayer of Berlin Germa v'
Mrs. Big Cohen and Adalina,' AnTu *»A
Mihon Feder. The funoral win be he d
nn "U ednef Jay morning an<j interment will
be at ;he Home of Peace Cemetery.
SCBAVEN HAS HER
SAIL MONEY EETTJE2TED
>rder I& Made by Judge Cook'
on Motion of Her
■ Mrs. Nettie R. • Craven had $5000 cash
bail returned to her by order of Judge
Cook yeeterday on motion of her attor
ney, T. D. Riordan. It was the bail given
ij- Mrs. Craven when she was arrested
in it;e Indictment of the Grand Jury
charging her with perjury.
The Judge held there was nothing be
ore ihe court, as he had quashed the in
dictment some time ago on the ground
hat ft was faulty, and under sections 997
and £38 ol the Penal Code he had no other
fTicaurse tian to exonerate the ball, .as
i ■■ : . . was nothing now before him, the
raalter not having again been laid before
o Fubs-q'jent Grand Jury.
•The -District Attorney ha* the matter ;
now on appeal before the Supreme Court,
jrnd therefore says he did not consider it
reccssary to submit ft to a subsequent
STANFORD AND MICHIGAN WILL SEND FORTH
THEIR BEST MEN TO COPE ON THE GRIDIRON
Elevens Engige in
Secret Practice Be
fore Call of Game
Coach Yost' Teaches
H«s Team Several
New Formations
PASADENA, Dec. 30.— Stanford apd
Michigan are ready to step upon
the gridiron on New Year's day
and make the battle of their rives.
Every man is in splendid physical
shape and is playing his game. Stanford
is supremely confident that the Wolver
ines will not have a walk-over. They will
dispute every inch of the distance and if
Coach Yost's men score ' a touchdown it
will be on its merits alone.
On the other hand the Michigan eleven
expects to keep up the admirable work it
has done this season by piling up a big
score against the cardinal.. The men have
become acclimated and are feeling in
grand fettle. They have discarded the
peculiar shoes they have used in playing
in the snow and are able to get over the
ground much faster. This is particularly
notio««*>l« »*» 4Jm> «*•*<, ■•WHO "fail • down-«he
field on kicks with great speed.
Coach Yost thought at first that it would
be unwise to have his men play without
cleats as they were accustomed to them.
On Christmas day the men lined up in
this/ city. They started so fast in getting
into play that they broke their cleats in
the soft sand. To avoid accidents of this
kind the players have tried the regula
tion shoe with better success. '
Michigan seems to possess even greater
speed than the Carlisle Indians. Spec
tators of the notable Indian-California
game two years ago marveled at the speed
with which the red men went into every
play. Yost has developed even greater
speed. His men behind the line start
from a sprint position and in a twinkling
of the eye they form tandem and plunge
through the line or around the ends for
many yards. While the wedge is barred
by the rules yet the Wolverines form so
DEFINES LAKE
COUNTY MINES
Aubury Brings Out First
of Long Expected,
The State Mining Bureau yesterday re
ceived from the State Printing Office at
Sacramento the first copy of a register
of the mines and minerals of Lake
County, which was prepared under the
direction of State Mineralogist Aubury.
Some curiosity has been manifested con
cerning this register, which Is the first of
a series of ten which will, severally, ex
ploit L-ake, San Diego, El Dorado, Placer,
Ainadcr, Santa Barbara and Shasta coun
ties in an entirely, new and practical way
for the .benefit of all concerned in mining
as operators or investors. With the Lake
County register is a map upon which are
figures showing the exact locality of min
eral1 deposits mentioned in the register.
The register and map are, therefore, sup
plementary. Each successive register will
be accompanied by a map. -The introduc
tion to the register of Lake County indi
cates the general scope of the work un
dertaken. In part it is as follows:
: The Register of Mines ' and Minerals of the
State of California, issued by the State Mining
Bureau, is intended to give information con
cerning the gold mines — quartz, hydraulic,
dritt, placer, etc.— as well as a list of mills
and arrastras. and also to give corresponding
information relating to each of the mineral
substances mined or commercially utilized In
the State. This forms both a State and county
directory of the mines of California, the reg
ister being 'so printed that each - v county is
represented in a separate pamphlet. .The reg
ister wlir answer for the emdanee of thoss
who want" to. look at any particular mine or
to learn tlie essential facts concerning it. Xo
accompany- the printed " register is a topo-
Kraphieal map -of each county. , showing all
mineral locations, . etc. ■ These maps are on the
scale of two miles to one inch. .The mines
are numbered in the table and a corresponding
number tm; the. map indicates the : exact loca
tion. One may find from this, approximately,
how far he must go from any specified town or
station to reach any particular mine and may
, learn the location of railroads, trails, roads,
etc. ■ , . .it.
The Lake County register has a pre
liminary summary of the mineral re
sources of the county, and this is fol
lowed by a tabulation In which the min
ing deposits are enumerated and de
scribed with considerable detail. Prom th«
table it appears that Lake County has
sixteen quicksilver mines, four copper
mines, one onyx deposit, one chrome iron
deposit, two iron mines and one oil well,
i ne quicksilver mines are nearest the fol
lowing places: Sulphur Creek, In Colusa
County; Middletown.TLower Lake, Quick
silver Knoxville and Lakeport. in Lake
County, respectively. The one oil well is
near Lakeport. The extraordinary rich
ness or the county in mineral sprincrs 5s
brought to light definitely by the register
In that publication there are enumerate!
and described seventy-five springs the
exact location of which Is set forth- ;
The , character of all - mineral deposits
the ownership, analyses of mineral
springs and ownership are also facts that
IME SAJN Jb 1aA.jSvj1.£}\j\J C/ALIj^ X u, £iOiJA.x« . L}iuyjjijiSi.jipjix oxy. .■.'.*• *Z}?*
THE CHAMPION MICHIGAN FOOTBALL TEAM WHICH IS NOW. IN TRAINING AT PASADENA V FOR THE
-* ■■,— CAME WITH THE CRACK PLAYERS OF STANFORD AND SOME PLAYFUL SUGGESTIONS BY CARTOON
IST WARREN OF THE CALL, STAFF.'/.
Tickets for the Coming Event Are in Great Demand and Standing
Room Wil. Be at a Big Premium — Visitors Are Pouring Into
Pasadena and Lodgings Are Now Very Difficult to Find
quickly after the ball is put into play
that there are seven • men forming a
double tandem. \
Every player behind the line watches
the quarter. The moment he gives the
signal the ball is passed and the half or
the State Mineralogist finds worthy of
making public.
DRUNKEN FATHERS MUST.
PROVIDE FOR CHILDREN"
Judge Fritz Has Been Successful it*.
Bringing Two Male Parents
to Time.
Judge Fritz has for the second- time
played the role of protector for chil
dren who are neglected by their male
parent, and he feels proud of tho
achievement. A week ago Joseph Thomp
son, a longshoreman, residing on Perry
street, between Harrison and Bryant, was
brought before him for getting drunk and
neglecting his family by wasting all his
wages. The Judge made him promise to
take the pledge and in future give his
wife enough money to support her and
ihe children, and continued the case for a
week. Yesterday Mrs. Thompson ap
peared in court and said that her husband
had taken the pledge and had not tasted
a drop since, giving her all the . money
she needed. The Judge continued the case
for another two weeks to Ee?'how Thomp
son behaved himself.
Yesterday he had a similar case before
him. Christian Peterson, a longshoreman,
was charged by a neighbor. Mrs. Mar
garet McClenegan, 504 Greenwich street,
with frequenting saloons and not provid
ing for his four young children, who were
produced in court. They had to depend
upon the neighbors for support. The
Judge made Peterson promise to go to
work at once and totally abstain from
liquor for a week, and to bring him a
strict account next Monday of what he
had earned and what he had spent for
necessaries. The case was continued till
then.
Laborer Gets His Trunk.
Justice of the Peace Daniels gave judg
ment yesterday in favor of Robert Wad
dell, who sued James Gately, a Potrero
bcarding-house keeper, and the Risdon
Iron Works for the recovery of a trunk
retained by Gately. Waddell came here
from the East under contract to labor
for the iron works, but deserted his po
sition after one day. Gately refused to
give Waddell his trunk until he had paid
for hl.s^fare from the Kast. Justice Dan
iels now orders the return of the trunk
or its equivalent in value. . .
Leaves Estate to Widow.
The will of Pardon A. Cook, who died
at his residence, 2212 Broadway, on the
22d instJ, was filed for probate yesterday.
He leaves his entire estate, which, con
sists of real estate in this city valued at
$120,250 and $14,750 cash, . to his widow,
Lizzie Cook. Upon her death the estate
is to go to the three daughters of the de
ceased. Mrs. Cook Is appointed execu
trix of the will. ■ . .
Died of His Injuries,
Leonidas Fortumas, who was injured
last Fiiday at the intersection of Fourth
and Howard streets by a street. car, died
yesterday morning at. the French .Hos
pital. Coroner Leland will hold an In
quest.' ' •
New Year's Presents,
Such as Water-Colors, . Etchings, Photo
graphs, Statuary, Gold Clocks, Candle
sticks, Candelabra, Dress Suit Cases,
Trunks, Valises, Cameras, Pocketbooks,
Fountain Pens, Pictures and Frames.
Best Values in every department: ; Visit
ors always welcome. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. » ' ♦
full- hits the line like a catapult. The
tackle does not stand facing his opponent
as is seen - in local games. Yost a has
studied the thing out and make his man
face ■ the center, as would an end. In
doing this the player is able to plunge
SAVES WIDBER
ANOTHER TRIAL
Motion to Dismiss the
Second Indictment
Is Granted.
The second indictment against A. C.
Widber, ex-City Treasurer, charging him
with the embezzlement of $13,000 of the
city funds, was, on motion of Attorney
Pelxotto, for the defendant, dismissed by
Judge Cook yesterday on the ground that
the sixty days during which the trial
should have been held had elapsed. The
point was made in view of the decision of
the Supreme Court in the Bergerot case
from ban Jose.
The Judge in granting the mAtion said
he would like to have the point decided
upon by the Supreme Court, but the Dis
trict Attorney says he is doubtful if hf
can appeal in view of the fact that the
indictment was dismissed, which practi
cally ends the matter. It the indictment
had been quashed it would have been dif
ferent. - ,
When Widber was sentenced to eight
years in San Quentin, about three years
ago, the second charge was put on th>»
reserve calendar without objection, so
that in the event of Widber being released
on parole he could be tried again on that
charge.
/ rh< L Dl f tr !£ t A , t * orney claims that 'the
decision in the Bergerot case did not ap
ply in the Widber case. In the Bergerot
case the jury had disagreed and no effort
had been made by the District Attorney
of San Jose to bring the case up for re
trial within sixty days, thereby depriving
the defendant of his liberty, which waa
iifh? ?h ? me< ? ?*• ln havin S- a case tried
within that period unless reasonable cause
♦2 wHf shown for a continuance. In
the, Widber case the defendant could not
Qu nfi liberty, as he is In San
SUPREME COURT SEALS
FATE OF SPECULATOR
T.ulare County Man Tries to Maka
Too Much Out of Squirrel
Bounty.
The Supreme' Court decided yesterday
that John A. Howard of Visalia must be
punished for attempting to : obtain the
bounty for dead squirrels offered by Tu
lare County, on rodents' tails Imported
from Alameda County. v
The animals became such a pest , to
farmers that the Board of Supervisors
decided to offer a bounty of 3 cents each
for their destruction. It was provided
that the tails of the squirrels must be
produced and that an affidavit must be
presented stating that they were killed
in Tulare* County. The. people of Visalia
and ; vicinity l soon exhausted the supply
of squirrels^ and Howard went over into
Alameda ( County - and/ collected 12,000 of
the necessary „• tails. He and two : friends
presented the evidence and. made affidavit
that. the animals had been killed within
county limits. - One of the friends finally
in and get the runner in better style.
Stanford engaged in secret practice to
day. The boys went into the game with
a will and played splendidly. Signals
were given with a snap and the play was
executed in faultless style. Coach Fick-
confessed where the squirrel tails had
been secured and arrests followed.
Howard was tried on the charge of at
tempting to obtain money by false pre
tenses and was convicted. He appealed,
but, the Supreme Court holds that h'.s
punishment is just.
SOLDIERS PERSUADED
TO SPARE THE POLICE
Presidio Disturbers Decide to Save
Their Fighting Energies for the
Philippines.
The persuasive arguments of the police
and post guards have evidently been ef
fective in quelling the disorder at the
Presidio and the neighborhood, has re
sumed its customary appearance of peace
and quiet. Additional guards have been
placed at all points where disturbances
might reasonably be expected to arise and
an all-night patrol of fifty men has been
established, so that there can be no loi
tering on the streets after taps.
Corporal White has been identified as
one of the ringleaders of the mob and he
isat present in the guardhouse awaiting
such punishment as a general court-mar
tial may see fit to give him. Charles
Newak, an unasslgned cavalry recruit, is
said to have taken an active part In in
citing his comrades to riot and he also
will probably.be given an opportunity to
repent of his untimely belligerency..
"CHINESE IN TBANSIT"
FBATJD IS DETECTED
Mongolian Immigrants Mention Fic
titious Firms in Mexico as Their
Future Employers.
The lack of good faith on the part of
Chinese Immigrants seeking to pass
through this country on their way to
Mexico was forcibly illustrated yesterday
in the case of three coolies who swore be
fore the Chinese Bureau that they were
en route to a town in Mexico, near the
border line, under contract to work for
three firms, of which they gave the
names. - Something in their manner
aroused the suspicions of the Chinese Bu
jeau and they were denied a landing.
In the . meantime Customs Collector
Stratton addressed a confidential letter to
the American Consul in tho Mexican town
named, inquiring 'whether there were
such firms there as were mentioned by
the Chinese. The Collector received a
reply yesterday informing him that no
such firms existed and never had. The
Chinamen will be deported.
Coast Boad Forfeits Franchise.
The Board of Public Works Informtv.1
the Board of Supervisors yesterday that
no work has been done by the Bay and
Coast Railway Company, as required by
the franchise granted May 25, 1901. and
ordinances numbers 316 and 247.' Under
the charter the company was to have ex
pended $25,000 in construction work by
September. 1901, and as it has not done
so the franchise will now be forfeited.
Memorial Committee Will Meet.
A meeting, of the McKlnley Memorial
Committee will be held in Mayor Phelan'a
office at the City Hall on Friday, January
3, ; 1902, at 4 . p. , m. •• . The Mayor has in
"formed the members of | the committee- by
letter that the sum collected now amounts
to nearly $30,000 and it is . necessary to <Us
cuss what disposition shall be made of it.
Cardinal Team Confi
dent of Holding
Down ' Wolverfnes
Officials for the Con
test Are Chosen
by the Managers
ert was greatly pleased and commended
the men. Stanford will make a supreme
effort to defeat Michigan. The line-up of
both teams will probably be as follows:
Michigan. Position. Stanford.
Redden. 1CS I>. E. R Cooper. 15G
White (c). 180 L. T. R McFadden, 1JS0
McGugin, 178 h. O. R....Van Sickle. 181.'
Gregory, 1ST. C .Lee, 190
Wilson, 184 R. G. L Thompson. 185
Shorts, nil R. T. L Traeger. 100
Sweeley, lfc - 8 R. E. L Clark. It5
Weeks. 138 Q Bansbach, 117
Heston, 172 R. H. L Slaker, 17S
Hernstein, 164 L. H. R Fisher; 161
Snow. 184 F Naramore, 1«5
Michigan — Total weight. 1932; average, 176.
Stanford — Total weight. 1905; average. 173.
Dave Brown of Stanford will referee j
the game and in all probability Bert
Oliver, the giant Reliance guard, will act I
as umpire. Brown has been an official of !
some kind in every big football contest. ■
He was at one time Stanford's best mile j
runner. He is well up in the rules and I
should prove a capable man. He is the |
choice of both teams. Oliver's excellent
decisions in the last intercollegiate game
v/on him the approval of the victors and
'vanquished. He acted justly to both sides
and his gentlemanly manner and coolness
won him the admiration of students in j
both colleges. ■
Every seat for the coming contest has
been sold and standing room will be at
a premium. The grand stand will accom
modate 3000 people; but if it were twice
its size it would r.ot contain the people j
who are anxious to see the contest.
Pasadena is rapidly filling up with vis
itors. Every train brings its arrivals and
rooms are difficult to find.
The fiesta is attracting a deal of atten
tion and the committee having the affair
in hand is making every effort to make
it a success.
MAY NOT PAVE
MISSION ROAD
City Attorney Lane Says'
the Procedure Is
Illegal.
City Attorney Lane advised the Board
of Works yesterday that the Board of Su
pervisors had no power to authorize the
expenditure of 113,000 upon the paving Oi.
Mission street from Silver avenue to
Onondaga avenue and advises that, the
bids therefor be- considered as void and
that the check deposited be returned.
This opinion will be unwelcome news to
the property owners along the line of the
proposed improvement who subscribed
Wo.OOC for the purpose, the city appropriat
ing a like sum. The opinion says:
The city, under the charter, cannot expend
its funds for the pavement of an unaccepted
street. Nor can the city expend more than
$10,000 per year for the improvement of county
roads, if there be any such roads within the
limits of the municipality. Therefore, what
ever Mission street may be, whether county
road or city street, there was no power in the
Board of Supervisors to authorize the expendi
ture of $13,000 for the work proposed and no
power In the Beard of Public Works to call
for bld3 therefor.
The proposed street work involved herein is
Important and necessary and it may be that
by following: another line of, procedure it can
be done by the city, but the procedure taken
ha3 not been such as the law countenances.
Protest Again3t Dismissal.
P. J. Bannan and William Murphy, la
borers, and Timothy Shea, sewer cleaner,
in the Department of Public Works, have
complained to the Civil Service Commis
sion that they have been irregularly dis
charged from their positions. The com
mission has a rule that when dismissals
of the city's employes are made those
lowest on the eligible list shall be the
first to go. It is claimed that this rule
V?as violated by the Board of Works In
tlie case of the laborers named and a
number of others. The commission sent
a letter to the Board of Works calling at
tention to the fact3 stated, but has as yet
received no reply.
there any soap but
Pears' which has been sold
in two centuries and is
selling in the third ?
Sold all over the wetld. „
JEFFRIES TAKES
ON TOM SHARKEY
Heavyweights Agree to
Meet in This City for
Championship.
Match to Bo Declared Off if
Maher Defeats Sailor
Next Month.
NEW YORK. Dec. 30.— James J. Jeffries
and Tom Sharkey were matched to-day
lor a fight which will Involve the Heavy,
■weight championship of the world. Bil
ly Delnney. who is Jeffries' manager, met
Sharkey and his manager. Barney Reich,"
eta resort here this afternoon. Delanoy
said that he was anxious to Induce Bob
Fitzstmmons to meet the champion once
more and he had given hlm> dus notice
of his whereabouts, but neither Fltzsim
mona nor any representative of his put
in an appearance, so Delancy clinched
the bargain with Sharkey. According to
the articles of agreement tho fight will
tato place on any day between March 17
and April 30 before the club offering tSe
best Inducements. 'I'"
Immediately James Kennedy, represent
ing the Yosemite Club of San Francisco,
bid 62*s per cent of the gross receipts and
the men agreed to light in San Francisco
under that club's auspices. >-
There 13 just a possibility that the men
will not meet, and that, according to tho
articles of agreement, is the chance that
Sharkey is defeated by Peter Maher in
their bout in Philadelphia in the third
week of January. The bout will be de
clared off should Sharkey succumb to
Maher.
PITZSrMMONS MAY BOX HEBE.
Yosemite Athletic Club Trying to
Match the Blacksmith Against
Jeffries.
The Yosemite Athletic Club, which has
secured the Jeffries-Sharkey fight for
March, promises to be the leading bidder
for big matches nest year. At Its head is
Sol Levison. Among the gentlemen who
are said to have an interest in the new
organization 13 Harry Corbett. James C.
Kennedy, matchmaker of the Twentieth
Century Club, which brought oft many
important bout3 during tha past year,
will act in the same capacity for the new
club.
Kennedy may not be overpopular on this
coast, but it is a fact that boxers of abil
ity place implicit reliance in his word and
judgment. He is really the only man who
can induce Fitzsimmons to re-enter the
ring, and he is now using every effort to
get the blacksmith to box in this city.
If he succeeds Jeffries and Fitzsimmons
will battle here for the championship in
February.
The Yosemite Athletic Club now has a
bona fide membership, and as socn as Its
gymnasium is completed Levison will ap
ply for a charter and license.
Wants Damages From a Bailroad.
REDDING, Dec. 30.— Frank Kinghorn-
Jones, said to be a cook on the *Steamer
Zealandia, has brought suit in the Su
perior Court of this county against the
Southern Pacific Company for damages in
tl? sum of $17,500. Jdnes alleges in his
complaint that on December 30. 1809, he
bought a ticket from San Francisco to
Berkeley; that when Golden Gate, a
Berkeley suburh, was reached he stepped
off the train during Its stop and when
travel was resumed the conductor refused
to honor his ticket and ejected him from
the train. His head struck a rail and he
was seriously injured. The complarn,f
then goes on to recite* that he was placed
in the baggage car of the tram and later
wa3 assaulted by a train hand.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
In Best Places
Without exception, at all tha
s leading hotels and cafes.
Hunter
Whiskey
Stands Foremost
In Its perfection of Age, Purity,
Flavor it fills the need of places
whose motto is
••Only the Best kept here"
CHRISTY A WISE COMMISSION CO.. Inc,
327 S*nsome St. San Francisco. C*L
Telephone Mala K3.
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1SS1. Con-
sultation and private book
free at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*. •
We are preriared to furnish unexcelled black,
also way. roonn* alate. manufactured at our
quarries ln El Dorado County. We invite com-
parison with any Eastern slate.
On application full information will be fun
nighed intending builders.
EUREK \ J LATE CO.
noom 15. Second Floor. Mllla Buildiar
San Francisco. Cal.
SW\ , LUri " Whites, nnnatnr.l dij!
g&M in 1 to .4 d» T i. VI charges, or any infiamma-
fTS£¥ Oaanataod to ** tion, irritation or (Ueera-
K* i"a fmist contagion. tion of nncooi mem- '
KSfTHEEMMsCKaiicAiCa. £?, e J\i r^!' trlngent -
I A I" h K I I V ft I iIarl «t. S. F. Try
I all r 1 nil I III g ur Special Brew.
Unl L llUlnL. f '"am and Laser!
5c. Overcoats and
TalbescheckjdfxwAR LEARNED
PAPERS READ
flogists Gather at
'heir Third Annual
Session.
ue of Shasta County's
Copper Production
Is Noted.
) Iota* Fellows of the Geological So
of America began their third an
se*sion yoeterday at the Academy of
ices building. The society Is now In
an In Rochester. N. Y. All Fellows
ie society have the privilege of pre
ag papers, but the holding of office
,e Cordilleran section is restricted to
• bellows residing west of the 104th
•adit
e ? fi t paper read yesterday was by
_, Y\,' :rner . Trho In speaking of the
"labak in a rock magma referred to
[ granite area east of Sonora, Tuo
nne Ctnty. He showed that the rock
"f *»cm a. granodiorite or quartz
te, containing about 43 per cent
v- The mass was penetrated by later
s of green diorite. and by pegmatic
s of the ordinary type, and at Its con
wlth sedimentary rock by quartz
maiine veins. The lecturer increased
interest of his absorbed audience by
her making known the fact that
11 adjoining masses of amphibole
'Sene rock belonging to the perknite
;p may be regarded as related in
-n to the granolite magma.
Copper Ore Deposit of Shasta,
-en came John C. Mcrriam, who
led up the gates of his vaults ana
;rited reptilian remains which were
discovered in 1S93. He laid open the
ry of two short series of vertebra*
two arch bones in the triassic lime
;. Speaking of the genus shasta
32, they measured, he said, from six
>rty feet long. They were sea ani
with short feet and a tail bent
n at the end and ending in a fin. The
fornia. differed from all others in
. most of the ribs joined the backbone
r.ly one spot, instead of two.
ie audience was much affected at the
ement of the California being short
the rib end.
; M. Anderson followed Geologist Mer
ja and presented conclusions showing
character and magnitude of the cop
ore deposits of Shasta County. The
osits discussed included those of the
i Mountain and the belt lying to the
:h and those of the Copper City and
'y Hill belt. The largest deposits in
sta County reached over 2,000,000 tons
jre. They are, he said, reservoirs of
per that will not be exhausted for
iy years to come.
lite Quiberis, an ancient pliocene lake
Arizona, was described by Fellow W.
Blake and left in the able hands of
low A. C. Lawson to read, after which
same gentleman illustrated on his own
Dunt a peculiar and unique type of
stallization in igneous rock, in which
crystallization began at numerous
ters, rather evenly spaced from one
ther, and from these centers grew out
ially a series of consecutive shells.
s succession of shells gave rise to a
roidaj body. The rock was practically
ie up of an aggregation of such
eroids.
Origin of Sierra Nevada.
i a second paper read by Turner was
•mitted evidence of a past tertiary ele
ion of the Sjerra Nevada, as. shown by
aparison of the grades of the neocene
I present Tuolumne River. The grade
the old channel is now 118 feet to the
e. while the grade of the present river
linety-two feet, and the original grade
the neocene Tuolumne, it was contend
must have been much less than that
the present river, so that with these
jres we had a measure of the amount
the tilting in past tertiary time which
.-s given us the Sierra Nevada Moun
ns.
ellow Turner was elected president for
year and Fellow Lawson secretary,
rh will serve, with one other to be
jsen, as an executive committee. Tho
sion will continue to-day at South
.11, University of California.
he Fellows present were: H. W. Tur
r. Dr. A. S. Eakle, Professors J. C.
rriam. A. C. Lawson. G. D. Louder
=k. G. Young, J. W. Sinclair, F C. Calk
;. H. W. Furlong, W. J. Button (Vic
ia, B. C.) and Miss A. M. Alexander
d Miss Wilson, who have taken deep
erest In the prosecution of field re
-..rches.
iurir.g- the morning session a committee
ta appointed to draft resolutions of re
<?t at the death? of Professors Le Conte
d E. \V. Claypole.
OMJUISSIONTES DECIDE
AGAHTST SHORTER "WATCHES
Itptain "Wittraan Advises Postpone
ment of Ordinance Limiting
Policeman's Work.
At a prolonged session of the Police
jrr.missioners held last night it was de
ded to indefinitely postpone the enforce
ent cf the ordinance granting to the
.lice an eight-hour day. The matter
as discussed at length and the commis
■ji.ers all expressed themselves as being
favor of the ordinance, but they argued
at durir.g the winter, while the city was
,r<jngf-d with lawless characters, it
ould be a most inopportune time for in
lguratlng the change.
'aptain WHtman addressed the board
1 1 the subject and said that while he was
-reservedly in favor of the shorter day
' considered it advisable to postpone the
forcement of it until summer. He said
lat if the commissioners decided to en
irce th* ordinance at the present time It
ould practically cut his force by one
"th as he would have to divide his men
:to 'three watches instead of two as at
Mahoney contended for
1* immediate introduction of the change
rt rorimiFPloncrs Howell and Newhall
er^ed with the Chief and the matter was
ITh° board received a communication
■om tbe Mayor relative to the danger in
•feicfa the city stands in being held liab.e
jr xho damage to private property which
; be'ng done by soldiers at the Presidio,
nth" communication the Mayor asked
h*. commissioners to provide protection
sr the citv. The matter was referred to
Z Citv Attorney for his opinion as to
•hat «tcps the board can take for the
roper protection of the city's interests.
J Kellev in accordance with the Su
r%ne Courfs f vision, was reinstated on
bfforce xrttH^e rank of sergeant.
New Year's Concert and Ball.
The Swedish Singring Society has com
,leted preparations for its grrand annual
Ww Year s concert and ball which is to
driven to-night at Turn Vereln Hall.
M Tu-k streetf An excellent programme
■V instrumental music has been arranged
<rd a delightful time is assured. to ah
rttn flttrE<L The New Year's entertaln-
Vlntt which have hitherto been given by
M.e Swedish Singing Society have proved
■uost successful.
Breaks Expensive Window.
Thomas Golden, whose fondness for
iauor has led to his arrest several times
m complaint of his relatives, appeared
Wore Judae Fritz yesterday on a charge
f malicious mischief for breaking awln-
I " tamed at J100 In the Shanahan Flor-
Tccmpany's store. 107 Powell street.
no ca«e was continued till to-aaj.
<;o?den has an interest in a valuable cs
tate now in the Probate Court.
Athletic Entertainment.
*n athletic entertainment and assault
at arms will be given in Hoover's HalL
1327 Market street, next Friday evening
for th* benefit of Major Reed, an expert
IwoSSiSS Olympic Club athletes will
ts-ike part in the exhibition.
Pictures and Frames.
We have received during December over
100 patterns of entirely new things In
moldings, which we have not had time
to open until now. The Beauty. Origlnal
«,,. a n ji fjinAfratf Price of these mold
ii/w^l p1ea£ everyone having Pictures
to frame On sale after this date San
born. VaU & Co., 741 Market street.
RAGTIME MORALITIES OF CLORINDA
SERVE MISS SELIGMAN HAPPILY
"A Lady of Quality," Who Is Interesting Theater-Goers at the
Grand Opera-House, Is an Impossible Sort of Person If Taken
Seriously — New Year Will Be' Ushered In With Piays of Merit
By Guisard.
1JUST dropped in,"in a friendly sort of
way," to see an act of "Carmen"
last Sunday night at the Grand
Opera-house, and found an audi
ence as large as a Calve house en
joying Miss Seligman'B conception of the
sultry heroine. The house looked tarn
last night in comparison, though tiie
ragtime moralities of the strenuous
Clorinda in "A Lady of Quality serve
Miss Seligman with equal felicity
On the whole it "was a neat and well
balanced performance that was given by
the house company and the reigning
luminary last night. It wanted the soft
pedal badly in places, and sagged here and
there, but in the Tump was both creditable
and enjoyable, and was well applauded
b^A h £ady U of' Quality," Clorinda Wildairs.
is an impossible sort of person when she
is considered seriously. It is therefore
the part of wisdom to take her— if you
take her at all-lightly. She is a pretty
good and plausible sort— as they went in
those days— for the first acts, but the
thr-ad ot the likely gets pretty well
later. A bonny tomboy brought
up by her fox-hunting papa to swear,
drink and hunt with the best of his sex
may not be the prettiest spectacle, but she
has happened. Also, having sown her
wild oats like a gentleman she has fre
quently repented.
But I doubt me much if she has ever
pinked a rejected lover— after attaining
to British matronhood— stuffed him un
der the couch and held a pink tea over
his unlamented remains. Also it is not
the habit of Dukes of the common or
garden variety to tell the lady, when she
casually informs them of the little cir
cumstance, that they love her just the
same. Which is all why it Is better not
to take "A Lady of Quality" too seri
°UMiVs Selieman has the name role and
succeeds in lifting the part to conviction
occasionally. Herschel Mayall plays the
villain with a pretty accent and without
his usual amplitudinous sighs. William
Bernard has a part to fit as Lord Hum
phrey Ware, H. D. Byers does a sturdy
bit of work as Sir Cnristopher Croweil
and Fred J. Butler is sufficient unto the
needs of his part as Sir Geoffrey Wildairs.
Gilbert Gardner is excellent as the chap
lain, nd later s Twemlow, and Charles
Waldron Is a good Duke, looking the part
to satisfaction. Elsa von Braham is a
graceful Lady Betty and Caroline Francis
Cooke pleases as Anne Wildairs.
They have mounted the piece well at
the Grand Opera-house and it should
serve an evening's turn. Next week is
the last week of Miss Seligman's engage
ment and for the farewell programme
will be given a grand double bill, Gilbert's
"Comedy and Tragedy" and a dramatiza
tion of "Caval'.eria Rusticana.".
Chutes.
A large audience enjoyed the new bill
at the Chutes last night, which included
five acts direct from the Orpheum. Tho
Serenaders present a novel singing act.
which scored a big hit. Macomber and
Engleton, travesty artists, are also very
clever in their line. Werden and Shepard,
in illustrated songs, repeated their big
t-uccess of the Orpheum. Hines and Kim
ball are clever acrobats. Other good
numbers are Deaves' Manikins, Gole
man's trained dogs and cats and a series
of new moving pictures.
Alcazar.
"Charley's Aunt" is now in Its second
RAILROAD COMMISSIONERS
EXTEND TIME TO SANTA FE
Corporation Attorneys Have Not De
cided Whether They "Will Reopen
Oil Case.
The Railroad Commissioners at a meet
ing yesterday granted the Santa Fe Rail
way an extension of time in reference to
filing papers, should they wish to reopen
the oil rate case from Bakersfield to this
city.
When the Commissioners recently hand
ed down their decision the Santa Fe Rail
way officials were served with a copy of
the order several days before the Southern
Pacific officers. The Santa Fe had until
January 2 to decide whether it was satis
fied with the decision. It was granted an
extension of time until January 8 yester
day, the same as the Southern Pacific, to
settle whether It wishes to reor»en the
case.
The Santa Fe and Southern Pacilic
Company attorneys have not yet decided
whether they will again fight the case or.
not.
Practice Without License.
John T. Bohannpn and Addie Epps>\ 12
Turk streets/were arrested .vesterday on
a warrant charging them with practlcirtr
medicine withe* it a license. Their prelim
inary examination before Judge Mogan
on the charg. > of obtaining money by
false pretenses from Michael JIulvey of
Portland, Or., has not yet been concluded.
I/abor" Case Submitted.
The demurre • to the suit of William De
laney against peorge Aubcrtine, secretary
of the executive committee of the Union
Labor party. Was argued and submitted
before Judge iMurasky yesterday. Auber
tlne's attorney demurred to the suit on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1901.
week at the Alcazar. Judging from the
crowded audience of last evening it is
sure of a good run. All the characters
were well sustained and Frank Bacon, as
Charley's Aunt, excelled himself.
M. L. Alsop, who took the part of Jack
Chesney, made an ideal lover, while Hen
ry Shumer, as Charley Wykeham, was
the typical college undergraduate. Both
helped in a : great measure to make the
play the success it Is, while Paul Gerson,
as Colonel Sir Francis Chesney, Bart.,
and Miss Marie Howe,, as Donna Lucia
d'Alvadorez, were excellent in their parts.
Miss Orza Waldrop, who played the in
genue, made a hit In her little speeches.
As Ela Delahay she was simple and nat
ural and carried the audience with her.
Central.
"The Two Sisters" at its initial per
formance at the Central Theater last
night scored a pronounced hit. The play
is the best " that the company has pro
duced in several months and a most suc- y
cessful run is assured if the enthusiasm of
last night's audience is any criterion.
The villain, the hero, the wronged girl,
a promiscuous use of firearms and the
other usual characteristics of the melo
drama are all present; but, as is unusual,
they add to rather than detract from the
proper rendering of the play. Some of
the scenes are laughable in the extreme
and the players carry the thing forward
with so much vim that interest never lags
for a moment.
Hallett Thompson, Stanley Ross, James
Corrigan, Annette Marshall, Agnes
Ranken and Margaret Marshall all ap
pear at their best and are excellently sup
ported by the remainder of the cast.
"The Girl with the Naughty, Naughty
Wink," sung by Georgie Cooper, assisted
by Mae Keene, Zora Irwin, Minnie Chap
man and Helen Day, received an amount
of applause that has seldom been equaled
at the Central.
California.
Black Patti and her troubadours are
giving a good show to good houses, and
while no cartloads of flowers are being
hoisted over the footlights there are
trainloadsof applause. While Ernest Ho
fean, the best colored minstrel . on the
stage, is missed from the troupe this sea
son, his place is satisfactorily filled by
John Rucker, "the Alabama Blossom."
Rucker is funny by nature and refined by
art, and is by all odds the best number
in the show. The Watts come next— a
clever pair of singers and dancers. The
cake-walk is very funny — funnier than one
would expect, combining as it does the
two extremes of grace and grotesqueness.
The performance has not a dull moment
in it and closes with an operatic pot
pourri, the "Inflammatus," from Rossini's
"Stabat Mater," being especially well
sung, followed by a selection from the
third act of "Martha."
Orpheum.
To the audience at the Orpheum Thea
ter last night Joe Welch's Yiddish study
was rot the whole show. Enthusiastic
ally received as his new stories were,
there were other turns which attracted
as much attention and as much applause.
Mclntyre and Heath, in their Georgia
Minstrels sketch, were the prime laugh
ter prcvokers. For twenty minutes they
kept the house good natured. Then there
was Elizabeth' Murray, whose negro dia
lect is without a flaw, the Lillputian
the ground that the complaint did not
state sufficient cause for action.
Steamship Emma Libeled.
XV. E. Dean filed a libel yesterday in
the United States District Court against
the steamship Emma for $175 15, supplies
and labor furnished. »
RETURNS SHOW WEALTH
OF GREAT CORPORATIONS
Census Statistics Embracing One
Hundred and Eighty-Three
Concerns.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— Census statis
tics made public to-day on industrial
combinations, show a total authorized
capitalization on May 31, 1900. for the 183
corporations reported, of $3,607,539,200, and
the capital stock issued, $3,085,200,868. Of
this total the authorized capital includes
J270.127.250 in bonds, . $1, 259,540,900 in pre
ferred stock and $2,077,871,050 In common
stock. The capital stock issued comprises
$216,412,759 in bonds, $1,066,525,963 in pre
ferred stock and $1,802,262,146 common
stock.
The total value of all the products of
the combinations reported is $l,*?51,29a.C84.
and subtracting the value of the products
of the hand trades, or the mechanical and
neighborhood industries, which amount
to $1,216,165,160, the products of the Indus;'
trial combinations in 1900 is found equiv.
alent to more than 20 per cent of the to
tal gross products of the manufacturing
Industries of the country as they existed
in 1890. . , . .-...-. 7
The 183 corporations reported employed
an average of 399,192 wage earners, re
ceiving $194,549,715 in wages. Employment
was given to 24,585 salaried officials
clerks, etc.," receiving a total of 132, z& I
62S in salaries. i \ ' : .
TWO "THEATRICAL STARS"
WHO ARE PLEASING SAN
FRANCISCO AUDIENCES.
comedians, W. C. Fields, the juggler, and
the acrobats. On Thursday there will be
a special matinee.
Tivoli.
"Little Red Riding Hood" goes merrily
on at the Tivoli Opera House, and last
night the place was crowded with a de
lighted audience. Ferris Hartman excels
himself and people never get tired of hi3
songs, "When Mr. Shakespeare Comes to
Town" and "I'm Tired." Annie Myers
has made a hit in the song "My Ebony
Belle," and had to repeat it. Edward
Webb, Arthur Cunningham, Harry Cash
man, Florence Chapman, Olive Ulrlcn
and Barnetta Muller also help keep
things moving. A little girl sings a coon
ditty very cleverly, and the audience waa
so charmed with it that she had to repeat
it three times. The ballets are finely ex
ecuted and the transformation "Mother
Goose's Nursery Rhymes" are interest
ing.'
Fischer's Concert-House.
The new bill at Fischer's Concert-house
is the strongest seen in many months.
The Scrensen children received a warm
welcome in "Fun in an Agency", Ia3t
night, the specialties of Maude being par
ticularly clever. Professor A. J. Topping,
the psychic wonder, had the large audi
ence amazed at his feats of mindreading
and card work, and Valkyra, a hand
balancer, with three assistants, put up
the most extraordinary exhibition of its
kind ever seen here. Ethel Culbreth, a
local soprano, made her vaudeville debut
and received encore after encore. She
has a promising future. The Paloma La
dies' Quartet in new songs, Billy J # ohnson
In his humorous creation. VThe * School
Boy," and Coleman and Mexls, the won
derful sharpshooters, completed the pro
gramme. A special matinee will be given
to-morrow.
I Columbia.
Mary Mannering, in her production of
"Janice Meredith," is still at the Colum
bia Theater. On Tuesday afternoon Miss
Mannering will appear as Camille. Rob
ert Drouet, H. S. Northrup, Carl Ahrendt.
Charles Cherry, Mrs. . E. A. Eberle, Amy
Ricard and Agnes Rankin will also be in
the cast.
SOYAL ARCANUMITES
ENTERTAIN THE TOTS
Programme by Juvenile Performers
Followed by Stereopticon Views
and Christinas Candies.
The four local councils of ., the Royal
Arcanum joined last night in Pioneer
Hall in giving a Christmas week enter
tainment for the pleasure of their wives,
relatives and children. In the upper hall
the following programme was given in
the early part of the evening:
Piano solo, Ethel Straub; reading, Evylyn
Hall; son* and dance. Little Baby Hirsch
feld; ulano selection. Miss Ethel Tay
lor; soorano solo, Little Alice Barnum
song and dance, "I "Wonder Why," Lillian
Choate; cakewalk. Hazel Bennett and Amy
Hanson; German flower song. Helen Nellsen;
fancy dance. Maud Banks; so/ig and dance
Myrtle Triplett: song: and dance, Helen Neli
sen and Lillian Choate.
After the programme there was an ad
journment to the banquet hall, where an
exhibit of stereoptlcon pictures, selected
especially to please the young folks was
given. At the termination of this, M S
De Rocco, personating Santa Claus, ap
peared and presented to^each one pres
ent-a generous package of candy, nuts
nnd fruit.
The affair was under the direction of
M. S. De Rocco, George "W. Dlxon and
Fred Head, Argonaut Council: H G 'XV
DInkelspiel, G. H. Bartlett and H • d'
Hutt, Golden West "Council; J. Charles
Weber, A. C. Greenfield and W. V N
Bay, Buena Vista Council; A. H. Merrill'
Harry R. Stone and G. H. Terry, Saii
Francisco Council. .".
Children Wanted for Carnival.
The. Children a (Carnival Committee
want tv/enty more talented children. » Call
to-day and Thursday, 318 Van Ness av»
nue, JO tp 12 k. m, - •
COLONEL EVANS
SAYS NOTHING
Declines to Affirm or
Deny Story of His
Promotion.
Wells, Fargo & Co. Directors
to Elect President
Thursday.
: The. exclusive publication by The Call
of the announcement that Colonel Dudley
Evans'' would be elected as the successor
of John J. Valentine to the presidency of
Wells, Fargo & Co.'s r Express was the
leading topic of conversation in business
circles yesterday. Inasmuch as it was
confidently expected that the honor would
fall to a San Francisco man the news that
Valentine's mantle of office would be
thrust upon the shoulders of a New Ydrk
official of the company was a revelation,
to many connected with the big* corpora
tion.
The disclosure was the subject of more
than one conference among the directors
during the day. These gentlemen affected
to know nothing of the matter when ques
tioned, and all declared that the "story
was premature and therefore untrust
worthy. They did not deny the truth of
the statement that Colonel Evanf was
the coming man, but none could be found
who was willing to confirm the report
that the Huntington influence in Evans
interest had asserted itself and that his
selection for the responsible post was a
certainty.
It is well known that the Southern Fa
cific holds heavy interests in Wells, Fargo
& Co?, and that H. E. Huntington was
made a director of the express company
in order that those interests might not
suffer. Since Huntington's election as
director the Southern Pacific has changed
hands, and E. H. Harriman is now its
guiding spirit. It happens that Harri
man and Evans are quite friendly, and
when Valentine's illness reached the fatal
stage the question of selecting his suc
cessor was at once taken up. Colonel
Evans was sent to this city at once to
look after affairs, and following him came
letters signed by Huntington to several
■directors requesting their indorsement of
Evans for the position: It was a bitter
pill for some of them to swallow, but as
one director said yesterday: "The influ
ence of wealth and power is not to be
overcome." This means that the influ
ence of the Southern Pacific in the inter
nal affairs of Wells, Fargo & Co. will not
be ignored when the matter of selecting
Valentine's successor finally comes up for
action at the forthcoming meeting of the
board.
Directors Meet on Thursday.
Although efforts were made by the
Wells, Fargo & Co. officials to conceal
the fact, it was learned from authorita
tive sources that the directors would meet
next Thursday at which time the va
cancy on the board as well as in the
presidency will be filled. It was at first
intended to meet to-day, but circum
stances arose which rendered a postpone
ment imperative.
While many employes of the express
company concede that Evans will be the
next president, they scout the allegation
that the main offices of the company will
be removed to New York. They claim
this action would disorganize the com
pany in that its heaviest interests are
centered in the West. The argument is
advanced that the company recently went
to the expense of erecting a large office
building and that the removal of the
main offices would be bad business pol
icy. Should this action be taken the
building must inevitably prove a losing
investment, something the directors will
not permit. What effect these arguments
will have upon the Eastern influences
now at work remains to be seen. It is
certain that the contemplated removal
will meet with opposition, even though it
be advocated by the incoming president.
The election of Colonel Evans to the
presidency may prove to be of advan
tage to the company's interests, but to
those in the line of advancement, had the
honor fallen upon either Colonel Gray or
Homer S. King, it will be as a wet blan
ket on a frosty morning. The possibility
that one of the gentlemen named would
capture the prize had given birth to hopes
in the breasts of many departmental man
agers that they would be Advanced a step
with the coming of the new year. The
latest developments, however, have sent
these hopes aglimmering and the faces
cf many employes are as somber as the
sable decorations which adorn the com
pany's building. That the election of Col
onel Evans means changes in the official
staff is regarded as a certainty. What
these .changes may be is now a matter of
grave concern to all the employes con
cerned.
Officials Are Reticent.
Colonel Gray, first vice president of the
company, made the following statement
to a Call representative yesterday:
The announcement that Colonel Evans would
succeed the late John J. Valentine to the presi
dency of Wells, Fargo & Co. was quite prema
ture. I do not know how the report gained
currency. I know that the directors have not
authorized an announcement of the kind. No
call for a meeting of the board has been issued
by me. I will admit Colonel Evans Is a very
Influential man on the board of directors, and
Influence in all human affairs counts for much.
That is all 1 have to say concerning the mat
ter. .
Homer S. King, who was prominently
named as the probable successor to the
presidency of the company, declined to
discuss the matter of Evans' selection on
the ground that he knew nothing about
it. He said the directors would probably
settle the matter at their next meeting,
but he was unable to say when the meet
ing would be held. The subject of the re
ported removal of the main office of the
corporation to the East he refused to talk
of for publication.
Colonel Evans was se'een at the Palace
Hotel last night and asked to give his
views concerning his impending elevation
to the presidency. He replied that he
could not discuss the matter in advance
of any action the directors might take.
He declined either to affirm or deny the
report published by The Call. In reply
to the question as to the date of the
forthcoming meeting he said he did not
know the precise time. It might be next
Thursday and it might be some other
Thursday. With this the interview came
to a close.
The numerous friends of Colonel Evans
extended him their congratulations yes
terday. As he made no denial of t?ie
question at issue to any of these, the in
ference is plain that he thoroughly
understands the situation; and his 're
fusal to discuss the same for publication,
therefore, is based on grounds of delicacy
and expediency.
HOLIDAY STAKE TO BE
RUN OFF AT UNION PABK
Special Coursing Event "Will Be Held
on New- Year's Day— List of
Entries.
A special holiday, stake will be run off
at Union Coursing Park .to-morrow. • Last
night's drawing resulted as follows:
Master Rocket vs. Tralee Boy; White Hat
vs. Merrimac; Cottage Lass vs. Veto; Craw
ford Lass vs. Miss Brummel; Diablo vs. Black
Bart; Master AVhalen vs. Alameda Lad; Golden
Garter vs. Vixen; Rosle Freedom vs. Chicago
Boy; Loyal Lad vs. St. Ives;- Fiery Face vs.
Wedding Bells; Real Article vs. Sweet Locust;
Prompto vs. Liberator; Jingle Bells vs. Vulcan;
Best Bargain vs. America: Rich Argosy vs.
Injury; Sir Lawrence vs; Thelma; Cruiser vs.
Bonnie Pasha; Europa vs. Naughty Girl; Twi
light Jr. vs. Petronius; Lovina vs. Strayaway;
Fannie Hughes vs. Sacramento.Boy; Tom Hur
llck vs. Olita; My Selection Vs. Master Boy;
America vs. May Hempstead. "',!.*.:
Non-TJnion Machinist Threatened,
A. T. Hlefleld, a no'n-unlon machinist,
living at 237 Texas street, secured 'a war
rant from Judge F.ritz; yesterday for the
arrest of George Gilmbre, ' Robert Donald
son, Frank West, ; . Walter : -Brown r.nd
Thomas Culligan, who,: he says,' are strik
ing machinists, on the charge^ of disturb
ing the peace. They called at his house
Sunday evening, he; says, and threatened
him with violence If -he went to work ar.
the Union Iron "Works the.i.ext morning.
Fireworks at Midnight.
From 11 to 12 o'clock this- evening there
wlll.be a grand fireworks display at the
Chutes. Last car will leave the • Chutes
at .1 a. m. ' •
, ADVERTiSE3ycEirrar~~
TUB TRUTHS.
|«/y/|DROP of ink will color a whole glass
IIP of water. It is ah inch of yeast which'
||||y makes a pan of bread rise, and a single
P^^lcake of soap containing unabsorbed
alkali can ruin a hundred times its cost in laces
and fine embroidery. After all, is it wise to take
such risk with common soap ? Of course you
can get along without Ivory Soap. So can a
wagon without axle grease — but it goes hard.
cervniOHT itit bt TMt moot** a «imm.i eo. ciwoiwhati
MARY MORGHAN
GETS DIVORCE
Judge Seawell Separates
the Oyster Man and
His Wife.
Dressed in the very latest make of
tailor-made gowns, topped off by a brand
new sealskin jacket and the latest model
hat, Mrs. Mary B. Moraghan, who is su
ing James B. Moraghan for divorce on the
ground of neglect, looked everything but
a neglected, wife yesterday when she ap
peared in Judge Seawell' s court to tell her
tale of woe. She was accompanied by her
father, ei-Policeman Fay, who testified
in her behalf. Moraghan, the alleged ne
glectful husband, did- not put in an ap
pearance during the proceedings, but
poked his head in the doorway of the
court room after the trial and asked the
clerk what had been done to him. Clerk
Grimes informed him that Judge Seawell
had decreed that his wife should get a
divorce and $30 per month alimony and
that he was to have the custody of the
minor child. Mr. Moraghan, evidently
greatly pleased, said "Thank you" and
withdrew his head from the court room.
This settles the marital differences of
the oyster man and his spouse. Twice be
fore Mrs. Moraghan brought suit against
her husband, once for maintenance and
once for divorce, but on each occasion
the> settled their differences out of court.
Maud Nevill, or Maud Cheyney as she
claims she should be called, has secured
another attorney to prosecute her suit for
maintenance against Samuel W. Cheyney,
in th'e person of Henry C. McPike. When
Miss Nevill first commenced proceedings
she was represented by Attorney George
D. Collins, but the latter withdrew from
the case because his rlient accused him
of being derelict in his duties. Miss Nevill
appeared before Judge Sloss yesterday
morning with her new attorney and se
cured a continuance of the trial of her
suit until next Monday.
Miss May Blanche Goldstein is suing to
annul her marriage to Walter R. Huff, a
commercial traveler, on the ground that
Huff has another wife living. The plain
tiff claims that Huff represented to her
that he had been divorced from his first
wife six years ago.
Maggie K. Mason is suinp her husband,
F. M. Mason, a prosperous hardware mer
chant of Ukiah, for divorce oh the ground
of cruelty. The married life of the Masons
has been a stormy one. They were married
in Iowa in 1876, and have three children,
two of whom are of age. Mrs. Mason
says her husband treated her cruelly.
Mrs. Mason asks the court to award her
all the community property, which
amounts to about J5000.
Divorces were granted yesterday to El
len Burns from Frank Burns for extreme
cruelty, Helene Johnson from Peter Vic
tor Johnson for extreme cruelty, Lillie
Harrison from James Harrison for ex
treme cruelty, Katherme Frances Mahnke
from Charles S. Mahnke for extreme
cruelty and Mabel Annie Lawrence from
Willis Lawrence for desertion.
James W. Cook filed a suit for divorce
yesterday against Mary Cook for deser
tion.
Clearing-House Committee Meets.
At a meeting of the Clearing-house As
sociation held yesterday it was decided to
exchange the daily checks at 11:45 a. m.
excepting on Saturdays, when the ex
change will be made at 11 a. m. The
Clearing-house committee was given the
power to change the hour of exchange at
its- own discretion.
HaBEBHaBBHHHEEBHHEHEinaHMBBBOHBBBnHHHBHHBBBBB
\ BE A MAN [
n ' ' ■
i /? — ~~S§^ Arouse Yourself. Feel the Spark of J|
b CV*' jiKS^^x Ll * e m m erves> Recover §
" m \ r 3i^N ower m ave os^ °
l| %t VVJ * r/ '^**rj Would you not like to have your gj
jg >l^t -^iy friends point to you as they used to do a
g •• *^^ and sa y> "There goes a strong man"?' 3
H BfHallli 1 3-!(L^ D ? you not w ' s^ - our e >' e to b e so H
S JHSlliHV- i /«■§&. br 'S n t. y°«r step so firm and your **
m t«ls?«§\\\W//«BBBV lorm so €rect that men and women *jj
Pi VM \1 ///BSfRBh. will admire you and remark at your 5
D I^&^MilMi^^K^ • inanly bearin S ? These are the g
H thoughts uppermost in the minds of n
□ modern men — physical and mental j^
B perfection, strength and manly power, n !
§ yBEl& / 'f&tm\l&E$&l Who does not like t0 be stron^ to B
m PHii / / / /%?P* fccl tlm ' le ls ef l ual in strength to any H
M /'/^ 'I§g£v*^ s man of his age? You can be if you S
■q will obey the appeal here made to you. "
g Drugs have been tried and have failed. You know that; but Dr. Me- 5
Uj Laughiin's Electric Belt cannot fail: it is Electricity, and "Electricity is S
q Life." It gives you the oil with which to set the* machinery of your n
IB body in motion, and a few months* use of it will assure you health and S
a happiness for the rest of your lif •. "It is worth its weight in gold to D
g me," says a recent letter. "I would not sell it for all the gold in this ■
g State," writes another grateful patient. It will cure all Nervous and " <
g Oiganic Weakness, Rheumatism, Lame Back, Kidney and Bladder 2
13 - Troubles, Indigestion. Dyspepsia and all ailments following the effects 5
H of dissipation. It will prove of great value to any man who suffers B
fc3 from these ailments. g
B Call. to-day and test it free, or send for my book with full description * A
|j I will send it closely sealed if you will inclose this ad. . 3 J
H T)r Mr MpT.ano'hlin 702 market st. ■ 1
raj ' Office Hours— S a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Never Sold by Atrents or Drug Store*. ' f ' ' '
HBBBBBB&BHBBBBBBBHSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBQaBflp^Ja'Jfl
CLAIMS KANE
ABUSES TRUST
Mrs. Williams Charges
Secretary With Neg
lect of Duty.
Mrs. L.. P. Williams, president of the
board which has control of the "Oriental
House," a place of refuge for abandoned
and homeless Chinese children, filed a pe
tition yesterday for letters of guardian
ship over the person of Chan Ah Ying, a
little Chinese girl who is now the ward
of Frank J. Kane, secretary of the Pacific
Society for the Suppression of Vice, - ;^B
which she makes all sorts of charst^H
against the secretary. * «
The Chinese maiden is a resident at the^
Home, but Kane is desirous of taking h«^ J
from there and placing her in charge ck r
Miss Seton, a teacher in the public
schools.
Kane's request for the custody of the
child was refused by Mrs. Kate B. Lake
and Miss Marguerite Lake, superin-<
tendents of the home. Kane then\
sought to obtain possession of the child
on a writ of habeas corpus. Mrs. Lake
promptly filed an objection to the. _&«£;.
render of the child and the matter was ~
heard before Judge Troutt, who continued
the hearing until Mrs. Lake's return
from her vacation.
Mrs. Williams has now taken the matter
in hand and in her petition she charges
Kane with having been derelict in the
performance of his duties as guardian.
She alleges that Kane has abused his
trust, that he has interests adverse to the
faithful performance of .his duties as a /
guardian and that he is in no position to
perform such duties. V , ,
She further alleges that^Kanes claim
that he intended placing th& child under
the care of Miss Seton is wit:!?"* founda
tion. U *"^W, O
Mrs. Williams further says that the~?P"
ciety of which Kane Is secretary is absCX,
lutely under his control and that upon**^
his failure to secure the child a systematic
effort to injure the home was made in
Chinatown by means of placards in which
the orders of the court were grossly mis
represented.
Mrs. Williams further alleges that Kane
wrote a letter to her in which he stated
that he was being importuned by the
Chinese Consul and others to take another
ward of his from the home and place her
In another home.
Mrs. Williams also charges Kane with
requesting her to allow Chan Ah Ting to
be seen by her mother in the presence of
a Miss Flynn, whom, alleges Mrs. Wil
liams, Kane had frequently told her was
unfit to come in contact with any of the
children of the home.
Porter "Kills a Large Bear.
D. H. Porter of the Porter Bros. Com
pany, who is at present spending his va
cation in Mendocino County, has come
into prominence as a hunter of big game.
Near Willits last Friday he killed a
brown bear weighing 2S6 pounds. The bear
was shipped to this city and sold far. 20
cents per pound.
Kelly Lost His Watch.
L. Kelly, 522 Pine street, reported to the
police yesterday that during a fight there
about 1 o'clock yesterday morning some
one stole his gold watch and chain from
his coat pocket. He placed their value
at $40. An effort will be made to find tbjv
thief.
56
TUESDAY DECEMBER 31, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
liiien All ConnncnJealioni to W. B. LEASE, Htugtr. _J.
Wir .« ;ER'S OFFICE Telephone Preis 2O4
PUBLICATION' OFFICE. . .Market and Tnlrd, S. V.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Vj&l Telephone P«m 2O2.
X>cllj-ered l»y Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per Weelt
Single Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including ' Postage!
BAH/', CALL (including Sunday), one year $».<W
T>Ai:.r CALL (including Sui-day). « l-onths ».00
UATr.y CALL <lnclu<llnK Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAIVT CALL— By Single Month 65c
87TKDA.T CALL. One Tear 1B0
•n£EBT.ri CALL. One Tear .•••• 10 °
Alt postmaster* are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Ecannle copies will be lorwarded when requested..
WaU subscribers In crderli-e change of addrera should b«
particular to elve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to lu-ror* a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KUOGNESS.
l'u»r*r roreiga AcTertiting. Kirjccttt Building. Chietgo.
(Long; Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT: -
C t CARLTOJT .' Herald S«jnar«
<X - KETW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
VTZTTCES B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnllillnar
ICEW TORK NEWS BTANDS:
WaUorf-Astorla Hotel; A. Brentano, 81 Union Square;
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS :
CKerman Rouse; P. O. News Cc; Great Northern Hotel;
trvaaat House; Auditorium HoteL
T AS*iIXGTON' (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .14OS G St.. IC. W.
MORTON E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BRAJTCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. €15 Larkln," open until
t:» o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
comer Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
ontU s o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
t38» nnmora. open until I p. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Op«»ra-house — "A Lady of Quality."
C&Mfornia — "Black Pattl Troubadors."
. T^cll— "Little Red Ridine Hood."
»•—^^tf^^Tht Two Sisters.",
A'.caxar— "Charley's Aunt."
Columbia — "Janice Meredith."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
Flee her' s — Vaudeville.
Eherman-Clay Hall — Piano Recital Saturday afternoon.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By McBride & Co. — This day, at 11 o'clock. Restaurant,
at ril4 Pacific street.
PUBLIC OWNERSHIP.
v T N pursuance of our endeavor to present the issue
of municipal ownership fairly to the people, in
•* prdir that they may be under no illusions, we
nave given the history of the failure of the public
£as plant in Toledo, Ohio.
"Golden Rule Jones," Major of Toledo, and one of
the leading advocates of public ownership, in a com
munication to the Toledo Bee gives his version of
thar failure. He says of it: "The Toledo natural
eras plant failed as a municipal enterprise for the fol-.
lowing reasons: because it was an immoral as well
S3 an unbusiness-like proposition for the city to enter
into this business after it had granted two franchises
to two private corporations to carry it on; and be
cause of the hindrances and limitations that city offi
cials are Subjected to in the name of law, which place
those who are/charged with the management of city
property ;at a disadvantage with managers of a pri
vate corporation. This is not because plans have
oeen «xJai<J • by corporations to get advantage of the
JJeople. hut because the people have voluntarily ham
pered themselves; because we are yet lacking in an
idcr.l that involves social success. We elect a man
to o'-\rz, and glorify him as little less than a god,
but > sooner is he elected than we begin to apply
the s aps of restraint and manifest our distrust.
Firs; 'e require him to take an oath, next we re-*
tjuirc . im to give a bond for the faithful performance
of dur Then after passing these ordeals we sur
rotnid him with every known hindrance and limita
tior. of law to contract his liberty and cripple his
usefulness as a public servant; and because of this
immature and childlike conception of government
the natural gas trustees were as helpless as babes
when they discovered that the supply was giving out;
v liiis die managers of the private corporation with
which they were competing were free men and exer
cised their best ability to so manage their property
that it •would become a success. This is fundamental
ly the reason why the Toledo natqral gas plant
failed, and I repeat that it in no sense proves "the
failure of municipal ownership, but it does prove the
failure of municipal government."
careful- reading of this discloses just what the
Commission on government railroads report
ed1 — that government is a political institution purely,
and cannot be adapted to the transaction of business.
Mayor Jones wants such adaptation , f He does not
mean that municipal government is a failure in con
ducting the civil, political affairs of the people, but
that it is a failure when it goes beyond its police duty
and embarks in business.
The two principles and their antagonism were
never more plainly apparent. This expert in munici
pal paternalism desires the adaptation of government
to business, by removing all the checks and balances
which are necessary to government as a political in
stitution. There must be neither oath, nor bond, nor
legal restraint on the free will and action of the pub
lic officer. He is not even to be as much controlled
as the director of a private corporation, but is seem
ingly to be entirely irresponsible. The theory is
beautiful in its iridescence, but is it not a rainbow?
There appears to be a -decided Northward migra
tion of negroes from the Southern States seeking
\ centers where there are more opportunities for labor
-and better wages. As a result there are npw more
negroes in Massachusetts than in Delaware and al
most as many in Pennsylvania as in Missouri. It is
believed that if these early experiments in migration
prove successful the negro population may eventually
be so diffused throughout the country as to cease to
be a "problem" to any section.
Less than twenty-five years ago there was not a
telephone in the world, but now, according to the "
- Electrical Review, there are no . less than 2,278,717
telephones in use and the companies owning them
have an invested capital of $470,000,000. In addition
there is a capital estimated at $150,000,000 invested in
private telephones. It will be seen that the "hello
' girl" is doing a big business. : ,
SAN FRANCISCO WATER SUPPLY.
WITHIN the last few years medical science
has demonstrated that one of the great
est causes of sickness and the dissemina
tion of germs of disease- in cities is the use of bad
water. Take for illustration the city of Portland,
Oregon, which formerly took ; its water - from the
•Willamette River and exhibited a large death rate
from typhoid fever. Through the energy and public
spirit of her citizens this source was abandoned for
a stream haying its rise in the snows of Mount Hood
and taken from a point above the chance of pollu
tion, thus securing an ideal supply of the softest and
purest water, than which there is not a finer in the
world. Since the introduction of this water typhoid
fever has disappeared from the city. Seattle followed
this example, abandoning Lake Washington in its
rear and. going to the mountains west of 'that city,
whence it now draws the needed quantity of the best
water which is beyond the liability of contamination.
Vancouver has a similar supply taken from a glacier
lake nestled in the mountains lying to the north of it.
This water question now confronts San Francisco
and it cannot be put aside. The last three years of
drought have demonstrated that the available re
sources immediately tributary to this city have prac
tically reached their limit. Lobos Creek has recently
been cut off by the city authorities as unsafe for use,
and it can only be a question of a short time before
the same course must be taken with Lake Merced,
which is already menaced by the growth of popula
tion in its .proximity. It is now a serious question
whether the time for such actioij has not arrived. Out
side those two places the present supply of San Fran
cisco is above the average for cities of its size, but if
the water of Lake Merced is mingled with the rest
in use, of course the whole is liable to become vitiated
at any time.
It is well known that during the last two years the
Spring Valley Company has been severely strained to
meet the usual demands upon it. The reservoirs in
San Mateo County arc now at a' very low point, the
lowest for years, and another dry winter will tax the
powers of the company to its utmost. These facts
are published because every resident of the city is
vitally interested in this water question. Every
holder of real estate is directly concerned. . It would
be a safe estimate to assert that the residence prop
erty of San Francisco and Oakland would be en
hanced io per cent in value the moment those cities
had an assured supply of water from the Sierras
similar to that of Portland and other cities • men
tioned. -
Such a supply is available. The serious question is
to get the best one. Its selection and acquisition
should be accomplished at the earliest possible date;
not only that the best may be secured, but that the
contiguous property necessary to insure it against
contamination for all time may also be olAained be
fore the cost of the same has greatly increased.
This is not a matter for political or financial job
bery and the public must take care to suppress any
attempt at it. The wrangle lately exhibited between
the Board of Public Works and the Supervisors'
Committee on Public Utilities proves that the people
of the city must look to private enterprise, skill and
judgment in this contingency, and not trust such a
great enterprise to politicians or their appointees and
sen-ants. The columns of The Call will be open for
suggestions and discussion upon this subject and it
now warns its readers that delay to meet this condi
tion which confronts us may result in grave conse
quences.
This paper has no particular location to recom
mend, no individuals whose interests it seeks to ad
vance. If the rich men of this State are not ready
to invest in this enterprise, then we ask the men of
capital in the East to come forward with their money
as they have done in other instances. There can be
no question that such an investment would be a good
one and its value would increase with the growth of
population. /
Xo scheme would be adequate to meet this situation
which was not capable- of eventually meeting the needs
of two millions of people. Let no such mistakes be
made in this instance as mark the history of water
supply for Boston, New York and other Eastern
cities, but rather build broadly .and mindful of the
needs of generations to come after us. There is no
occasion for the sacrifice of any existing property
by carrying out this project. In a comparatively
few years there will be a line of suburban villages
and residences all the way from San Francisco to San
Jose. The present great need of those* now living
along that stretch of country is an adequate supply
of good water. The Spring Valley Company can
meet that demand and in so doing find use for all it
has to furnish.
A moment's reflection upon the subject tends to
make every resident of this city wonder why it has
been permitted to lie dormant so long. It can only
be explained upon the theory that the business of
everybody imposes no obligation upon any one.
There is nothing which is more conducive to the
comfort and enjoyment, aside from considerations of
health,' than an abundance of pure water such as the
mountains of this State furnish of the very best
quality, fresh from living, perpetual fields of ice and
snow. There can be no comparison between such
an article arid the catchments of rain impounded in
artificial reservoirs which are constantly being pol
luted with mud and other foreign matter and choked
with growths of weed and fungi.
The matter of a few millions of dollars should cut
no figure in a case like this. The one aim must be
to get the best supply at any cosj.' For every dollar
so spent the Value of our property would ; be en
hanced tenfold, to say nothing of the health and
pleasure resulting from its use. The Spring Valley
works have sufficed, in a way, for their day, but they
are only a patchwork creation at the best. With the
rapidly increasing growth of the city let us be mind
ful of the demands which that growth entails and
prepare in good season to meet them.
In his surprise party attack on a British force on
Christmas eve.Dewet seems to have captured enough
of the enemy to put a British soldier in the Christ
mas stocking ctf every man in his command.
AN APPALACHIAN PARK.
FROM the well nigh universal support given by
the press of the East to the plan for establish
ing a great national park in the Appalachian
Mountains of North Carolina, it seems likely that
a bill providing for such a park ma}; 1 be enacted at
this session of Congjess. The benefit?) resulting from
the national parks in the West are recognized, and
very naturally the Eastern people desire a similar
large park on their side' of the country.
Professor Shaler of Harvard has .Recently given
strong support to the advocates of the/park by point
ing out in a scientific way the advantages that wpuld
result from it. It is proposed that the Government
condemn and purchase not less than a thousand
THE SAN '■..FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 190l\/
square miles of the: mountain* lands- • The lands are
comparatively worthless for agriculture f at presenx,'.
owing, to their inaccessibility to markets, and ; conse
quently the cost would not be great. They are,.how
ever, sufficiently near the ? populous States of the
East to render them available as recreation grounds
for thousands who are unable to come West to enjoy
the wonders of Yellowstone Park and the beauties
of Yosemite. " 4 ;
* The region has an attraction for scientific students
of- forestry from the fact that it is in the very heart
of the broad leaved forests of Eastern America, and
where as Professor Shaler says: "A greater '■ num
ber of the hundred or so important trees attain their
full growth than in any other equally extensive field."
In. fact he argues that the region was the original
birthplace of these kinds of trees, and that from that
district they spread over the world. He says: "That
in this district the varieties of- the group are more
plentiful than elsewhere may be due to the fact that '
here they were nurtured and have here attained their
characteristic qualities." -
At this juncture Jn our affairs whatever tends to
preserve American forests and to interest and edu-i
cate the American 'people in the value, and usefulness
of forests deserves the support of Congress.' An Ap
palachian ,park would undoubtedly help' to accom
plish that education. It is to be hoped therefore
that it will soon be provided.
A statistician who has been figuring out the
chances of an American boy in politics estimates that
each boy has one chance in 30,000,000 of becoming
President, and as the chances diminish with the in
crease of population it will be. seen that * the aver
age boy would do better' to stick to business and let
politics alone. \ ; - •'-•:
rpHE Cuban tariff issue increases in interest and
I assumes shapes not foreseen in the beginning.
x Since General Wood discovered our obliga
tion to make the; Cubans permanently prosperous,
the arguments put forth by the junta have been en
tirely worthy of that highlyxremarkable premise.
In the symmetrical development of this country
our policy has been tc make production and manu
facture go hand in hand. When we were part of the
British colonial system the policy of the mother
country prevented the planting of manufactures here.
She wanted to do all of our manufacturing and com
pel us to be an agricultural and pastoral people. In
retrospect it is remarkable that the fighting men in a
population of three millions, with no manufactures,
no powder mills, and without the means to even make
gun flints, should have achieved independence in a
contest with a matured manufacturing country like
England. But they did and took to heart the memory
of their struggles by beginning at once to protect the
foundation of manufactures.
This policy, founded in the patriotic memories of
the Revolution, has been applied to one industry after
another, until we have a development of manufactur
ing power and skill excelling that of any other na
tion. But while this growth has been taking place
our rural industries have begun to suffer. Grain has
been our great staple crop in the North and cotton
in the -Souths The farmers need a greater variety of
crops to get the- return from their land deserved by
their labor. They have claims "upon .the policy and
the party of protection that cannot be safely ignored.
They are not deceived. They know that real pros
perity must be general, not limited, and partial. They
have seen the golden stream that flows from th'c
planting here of new manufacturing industries, by
protecting them. They have seen tin and plate
glass, buttons, silk, and other varieties of manufacture
added to our American list and made to prosper by
protection. They have seen these give work at high
wages to tens of thousands of men, and produce
wealth for the capitalists who embarked in them. They
have seen these interests highly organized and watch
ful lest Congress lift the protecting hand of the gov
ernment and expose them to foreign competition.
From all this the' farmers have learned a lesson.
If wealth come from a variety of manufactures, it
must come also from a variety of crops. If it is not
well for a country to carry all its manufacturing eggs
in one basket, the same rule must apply to its agri
culture. In order to diversify agriculture there must
be protection. The only diversification possible has
been found to be in the production of sugar, tobacco
and rice. The latter is confined to narrower borders
than the other two. Beet sugar and tobacco may
cover an extensive area and occupy millions of
acres of land now used in adding to the grain sur
plus which keeps down the price and reduces the
profits of farming. »
The farmers have tasted the sweets of diversified
agriculture fostered by protection, and they have felt
the benefit of the diffused prosperity that has result
ed. They are now asked to surrender this general
and increasing prosperity in order that a few score
sugar planters in Cuba may be suddenly and greatly
enriched. The many are asked to give up their gen
eral gains in order that the few may gain unduly. It
is a cold-blooded proposition of the junta and its
organs. It is accompanied by the threat that unless
we destroy three of our own important agricultural
industries Cuba will annex herself to us and as a
parasitic addition to cur body politic destroy them
in spite of us.
The people will have something to say about fu
ture annexations and this threat will not at present
alarm American farmers. That it has somewhat dis
quieted capital is seen in the proposition that instead
of admitting Cuban sugar free we pay to the planters'
a bounty out of the treasury!
The proposition is a- remarkable incident in the
whole remarkable situation. It is.so.rankly and ob
viously unconstitutional that there is no danger'of its
adoption, but that it is made at all is evidence of the
widespread and increasing anxiety caused by the
operations of the junta.
Let us shift the point of attack to another part of
our protected system and see how it looks'. Suppose
some benevolent person, anxious to insure the pros
perity of aliens, should propose that we close our
American tin, plate glass and silk mills, by giving
free admission to Welsh tin, and French plate glass
and silk! Would such a proposition find any advo
cate in Congress outside the small company of free
traders? "And suppose again that as an alternative
it should be proposed to pay the Welsh tin makers
and the French manufacturers of plate glass and
silks a bounty out of our treasury, would it be tol
erated for a moment? This country was doing verv'
well, before the Spanish war changed the status of
Cuba, and it will continue to do-well after Cuba has>
received the independence, we promised and General
Wood is recalled from the palace of a Governor Gen
eral to the quarters of a soldier. .
The American people do not take their economic
policy from' generals in the army, andwt is well that
this.be understood now, in order that the example
, mav not spread. i ■
A CUBAN irOUNTY.
JOHN BROWN'S OLD HOME BECOMES
A CLUBHOUSE FOR OHIO GOLFERS
SIMPLE HOME ONCE OCCUPIED BY JOHN BROWN. IT STANDS ON THE OUTSKIRTS OF AKRON, OHIO,
AND IS NOW BEING USED AS A HEADQUARTERS BY THE PORTAGE GOLF CLUB. THE STRUCTURE'S
ORIGINAL, OUTLINES REMAIN UNCHANGED.
THE home of John Brown— he whose "soul goes marching
on"— i3 being used by a golf club.
It stands just on the outskirts of Akron, Ohio, and the
Portage Golf Club bought it as a headquarters, where
they could have their sticks kept in order, and rest
after the day on the links.
Members of the club have ' endeavored to keep the house
just as it was when "Ossawatomie" planned for the freedom
of the blacks.
The building is a wooden frame structure, imposing be
cause of the simplicity, of its architecture. Its original out
lines remain unchanged, although it was deemed necessary
to make a few improvements and additions before' the Portage
Club niade it their permanent home.
The interior is practically the same as it was when John
Brown lived there, and his room in the front of the house
still has an old-time air about it. This apartment will be used
by the ladies of the club as a reception room. They have
furnished it very appropriately with antique pieces, and the
tiled' mantelpieces has been allowed to remain unaltered. This
is the colonial room of the house, and it is here that tribute
is paid to the memory of the first owner in the shape of a
large engraving of John Brown, which hangs over the man
telpiece.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
NAPOLEON'S DEATH-H. E. P.,
Lathrop, Cal. Napoleon I died at St.
Helena May 5, 1821, of ulcer of the stom
ach.
VERMOUTH— Subscriber. City. Ver
mouth is composed of white wine, white
raisin syrup, alcohol and essence of ver
mouth.
NEWSPAPER ROOM— R. G., City. The
newspaper room of the San Francisco
Free Public Library closes at 8 o'clock
in the evening.
THE ESCAMBIA-C. F. S., City. The
British steamship Escambla foundered
outside of the heads of San Francisco on
Monday, June 19, 1&82.
THE SANTA FE-P. S., City. The San
ta'Fe Railroad Company owns all the
tracks over which its cars run between
Point Richmond and Bakersfleld.
DINNER A LA RUSSE-H. K., City.
A dinner a la Russe is in the manner of
serving. All the food is placed on a side
table and the carving and the serving is
by "the waiters, and not by the host or
hostess.
GOLD SAVING MACHINE— S.. City.
Kdison the inventor is credited with hav
ing invented an apparatus calculated to
save gold in mining the same. You may
obtain information about the same by ad
dressing a communication to him, Menlo
Park, N. Y.
THE CONSTITUTION— Sailor, Oakland,
Cal The United States frigate Constitu
tion was built at the Boston navy yard
In 1797 at a cost of $302,718. Her tonnage
was 1576 and she was rated forty-two guns.
A modern battleship, such as the Indiana,
costs $3,063,000.
SOLDIER'S PENSION— S. L.. South
Branch, Or. An enlisted man in the
United States army who has served
thirty years in the regular army is en
titled to be retired on three-quarter pay.
according to the rank he holds at the
time he makes application.
UNION LABOR CONVENTION PLAT
FORM R. S., Spenceville, Nevada Coun
ty Cal. The platform adopted by the
recent Union Labor Convention was pub
lished in The Call of September 7, 1931.
Thi3 department has not the space to re
produce it.
BUDDING ORANGES— J. E. S., Large,
Cal.: For information in regard to the
best time for budding oranges and the
manner of doing so, communicate with
the State Board of Horticulture at Sac
ramento, or the Experimental Station ut
the University of California, Berkeley.
A LOST " STEAMER— C. F. F., City.
Without knowing the name of ■• the vessel
it would be impossible to ascertain when
a vessel which Daniel "Wjebster while at
Norwich refused to board on account of
a storm foundered. The biography of
Daniel Webster does not mention the In
cident.
IN THE PHILIPPINES-S. L.', South
Branch. Or. Volunteers who are sent to
the Philippines ,to fill the quota in the
regular army remain with the company
to which assigned as long as the company
remains there, unless his term of enlist
ment expires before the company is or
dered away.
NATIONAL GUARD- A. S., City. To
join the National Guard of California the
applicant must be a citizen of the United
States. ■ between the ages of 18 and 45.:
You "can obtain exhaustive Information
in relation to; entering the guard by call
ing at any armory and having a talk with
a company captain. • ,
L % " TESI^A— A; G.,~ City; :.-,'■■ Nicholas Tesla,
the electrician, was born . in Smiljau,
£ervia, in 1S57. He is now a resident
o!. New .York City. He invented the prin
ciple of the magnetic field In the appa
ratus used in the transmission of the
pj wer from the Niagara Falls. He > also
invented new forms of dynamos, . trans
ferers.-Induction coils, arc and incandes-
Two shade tree3 planted by John Brown stand just outsl'de
the" gate, one on each side of the walk leading up to ihe
house. The broad piazza, -which extends along the entire
front of the building and across the end overlooking the links.
Is a recent addition, but as the entire house has beei freshly
painted this modern porch dees not lend a distracting air of
newness to the quaint old building, as do most so-called im
provements.
Ohio is a favorite home of golfers, and there are many fine
clubhouses within the confines of the State, but none excel
and few equal the Portage Club in extent and beauty. Besides
which it has the additional interest of being the only golf
clubhouse in Ohio with a history.
Aside from the tinge of romance given the place by the fact
that it was once the home of one of the most remarkable
figures In the history of the United States, it i3 noted from,
the fact that it is right on the old historic portage path mailo
by the Indians many years ago in carrying their canoes from
the Cuyahoga to the Tuscarawas River. The land surround
ing the clubhouse was once used as hunting grounds by thu
Delaware Indians. No more beautiful place can be found in
the old Western Reserve than the spot where John Brown
once lived, and it will always be kept in good shape In memory
of him.
PERSONAL MElNTIOiN.
Edward Sweeney, Superior Judge of
Redding, is at the Grand.
B. U. Steinman, ex-Mayor of Sacra
mento, is at the Palace.
V. S. McClatchy of the Sacramento
Bee is at the California.
W. M. Burckhalter, a merchant of
Truckee, is a guest at the Lick.
T. C. White, the well known banker of
Fresno, ■ is a guest at the Lick. -^
"W. P. Harkey, a prominent rancher of
Yuba City, is a guest at the Russ.
C. Motzer, an extensive rancher of
Point Reyes, is a guest at the Grand.
W. R.^Spalding, a lumber dealer of VI
salia, is among the arrivals at the Lick.
A. DIepenbrock, a cigar manufacturer
of Sacramento, is among the arrivals at
the Grand.
G. L. Kennedy, a merchant of Tahiti,
is up from the island on a short business
trip. He is staying at the Occidental.
E. O. McCormick, general passenger
traffic manager of the Southern Pacific
Company, will return from the East .0
day.
Sol Bloom, formerly treasurer of the
Alcazar Theater, but now a successful
music publisher, is here on a short va
cation and la at the Palace-
H. J. Small, superintendent of motive
power for the Southern Pacific Company,
with headquarters at Sacramento, is
down here on business and is staying at
ihe Palace.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. SO.— The following
Californians are In New York:
From San Francisco— B. Hill, at the
New Amsterdam: H. P. Bancroft, at the
Imperial; H. C. Breeden and wife, at the
Holland; F. B. Hort and wife and Miss
A. Webster, at the Union Square; A. L.
Meyerstein, at the Savoy; A. J. Moreland
and Albert E. Raymond, at the St. Denis;
G. Randall and wife, Miss F. Randall and
Miss J. Randall, at the Everett.
From Los Angeles— F. M. Ashley at the
Grand Union and W. H. Workman at the
Hoffman.
From San Diego— G. C. Hendlg, at the
Hoffman.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— The following
Californians registered at the hotels to
day: At the Raleigh— R. F. Harrison of
California, W. H. Workman of Los An
geles. H. S. Edwards and Roger G. Ed
wards of Santa Barbara and J. C. Adela
dorfer of San Francisco. At the New
Willard— J. F. J. Archibald of San Fran
cisco. At the National— Miss M. E. Bur
leigh and Miss S. Boyd of Los Angelea,
J. Anderson and M. S. Thompson of San
Francisco. At the St. James— William
Anthony, Charles J. Sumner and G. O.
Vernon of San Francisco. At the Arling
ton — Max Farrans of Stanford University.
cent lamps and the oscillator, combining
steam engine and dynamo. His researches
have created a new field of electrical in
vestlgatiaon.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPH— C., Bitter
Creek, Cal. The department- has no work-
Ing drawings of the. wireless telegraph,
nor can it devote the space to give a com
plete description of the system. Such can
be found in Fahie's History of the Wire
less Telegraph, Illustrated, to be ob
tained through any first-class bookseller;
also in the flies of the supplement of the
Scientific American. '
WEEDS— C. G.. City. Jt Is said that the
following is a good me thod to prevent
weeds from ' growing i, ■ circumscribed
places: A weak solution- of carbolic acid
applied with a watering tot to the places
affected is a method of preventing the
growth of weeds. The solution should not
be stronger than one paH pure carbolic
acid, to 1000 to 2000 parts . >f water pS£
carbolic acid is a virulent poison. V When
applied In too strong a > solution larger
plants may suffer. Very/ weak solutions
destroy only very small pWs and para
sites; also miasma, and evbn drives away
files and mosquitoes. l
'„'.-■'. I " #
A CHANCE TO SMILE
Milkman — Say, you paid me In counter
feit money.
Citizen— "Well, you've been bringing i? f
counterfeit milk.— Detroit Free Press.
I-ittle drops of water.
Little grains of sand,
"With hair and lime, make mortar
Guaranteed to stand.
—Detroit Free Press.
Foote Lighte— I see the name of a new
piece soon to be brought out la "The
Spring Roller." v
Sue Brette— Sounds like a curtain raiser,
doesn't it?— Tonkers Statesman.
"Oh, deah boy, I had such a narrow
escape from having greatness thrust upon
me!"
"How was that, old* chap?"
"I just missed being run ovah by Reggy
Vandahbilt's fast auto, dpn't you know "
—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Mrs. "Wayback— And did you chase the
trolley cars while you were in New York
John? '
Mr. "Wayback— Well. I guess we bro^s
about even. I reckon they chased me
just about as much as I chased them.-
Yorikers Statesman.
Man on Bridge— Time can't be very val
uable with you. my friend. I've been
watching you for two hours, and you
haven't had a bite.
Man on Bank— My time's wuth too
much, by gum, to waste two hours of it
watchin' a man fish that ain't ketehin 1
nothin'.-Chicagro Tribune.
Neighborhood Boy (sitting on log. fish
ing)—If you're lookin' fur a place to
spread your grub you'd better stop right
where you are.
< ;K? rUS v Of Plcnlc kers-Why, there is
nothing but pebbles here. We want to
find a snot where there's some grass.
Neighborhood Boy-Grass nothin'! When
you git your baskets unpacked you'll find
you'll need all them stones to terow «
the pigs.— Chicago Tribune.
;JT hy . d0 you speak so s»8htlnffly of
that eminent scientist*'
"I didn't mean to speak slightingly cf
t5?' / n K W f r , ed the young man wlt « th* a
striped shirt front. "But it does seem pe
culiar to me that a man who knows jSst
when the next comet will arrive and just
how far it is to the moon should be so
utterly ignorant when It comes to a cues
tion of It's time for dinner or what
D 1°, ta^ e t0 get t0 the near *st town "
—Washington Star. * wwu.
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace Hotel.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's*
CaL Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. •
Your Eastern friend will appreciate «i
box of Townsend's Cal. Glace, •
Extra fine Candles at Townsend's for
rsew Year's Table. Townsend's Cal fflani
Fruit and Choice Candies. 639 Market at.-
No waiting at. Townsend's. Thousands
packed already of California Glace Fruit.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel. J7ru . 11 -
Handsome fire-etched boxes filled with
Townsend's California Glace Fruit is a
very acceptable present for New Year's.
629 Market street, Palace Hotel. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men ty tba
Press Clipping Bureau <Allen's>. 510 Jlonc
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042.
The Best Potmtain Pens.
We are selling agents for the "Water
man Ideal Fountain Pen"— $2.50 to $10.00
and sole agents for the "Marshall," tht!
beat $1.00 Fountain Pen In tfte world. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
Few russet shoes are being worn l this
summer. Eight out of every ten persons 4
seem to be wearing either black eacfo-ds '
or black shoes. . "
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invlgorator
Best LlverMedlcine.VegetableCure forLlverIll3
Biliousness, Indigestion, Constipation, Malar--'1» • i c
I osiilvdy Icupcd by thess
Uttlo Pills.
rJL h - Cy a T*J. rdi:ve Stress from Dys-
Pcpsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
? fu *r Use t* D *o*7sin«s, Bad Taste
II c-j 00^-" Coated Tonjrue. Pain in
tht Side. TORPID LIVER. They
-Relate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
_ . Small Price.
V* PATENTS 1
OCEA.H" TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Jl Steamers leave Broadway
■Bjk^^ Wharf, San Francisco:
■ IBIt&' 3 "°" Alaskan purts — 11 a.
t^fci^V- ro.. Jan. 1. 0. 11, 16. 21. 26.
KflCTjKa 81, Ftb. 5. Change to oom-
feJBkrffg %jtl pacy's steamers at Seattle;
: p5**C**1^<O1 For Victoria, Vancouver <B.
•'r a HScflHI c -), Tort Townsend, Seattle.
J* Tacon.a. Everett and New
. What^-on* (Wash.) — 11 a. m.,
Jan. 1. 6. Il.*i6, 21, 2t5. 31, Fvb. 5. Change
at Seattle to this fc-r.pany's Fteamers for
Alaska end G. N. R<. . ; it Seattle or Taeoma
lor N\ P. Ry. ; at Vancouver tc C. P. Ry.
Fcr Eureka (HumJKldt Bay)— 1:30 p. tn.,
Jan. 2, 7. 12. 17. 22, 2T, Feb. 1.
For San tHego, Btoppir.? only at fania Bar-
bara, Port — cf Angeles and Reiondo (Lo« An-
pc-tes) — Stramer Santa. Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer Sute oi Cal., Wednesdays 9 a. m.
For Uos Anpeles. calling at Santa Cruz,
Monterey, £«n Slmecn Cayueos, Port Harford
<San Laiis Obispo). (Gavlota. Bonita only). I
Santa B.-irbcra. Ventura, Hueneme. East San
Pedro, f«n Pedro (Newport, Ponita cnly).
For Erwnada, Mapdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mturjan, Altata. La Paz. ganta Rof-a-
Ua and Cuayjnas <.M.ex.) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain the com-
pany' a folder*.
The company reserves th« rlpht tn change
ftfamere, calling (••vf and hours of sailing
v.ithout previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 Xe-v Montgomery
rtreet (Palace H-jtel).
GOODALL. PIPKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market Ft., Francisco.
SPECIAL
Excursion Rates
—TO —
Ports in Mexico.
A delightful XVimcr Trip. Only $60. includ-
ing Meals ar.d Berth. Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's Stea-rner Curacao. Failing from San
Francisco January 7th. due back January 27th,
r.-ill call at the follctring Mexican ports: En-
senada. -ilagdaleria Bay, San Jose del Cabo.
Mazatlar., Alt?.ta. La Paz, Santa Rosalia and
Guaymas.
For further particulars Inquire at Ticket
Orfice. Xo. 4 New Montgomery St., or No. 10
Market St.. San Francisco.
O. /?. <& IV. CO,
°aly StenmfWp Iilne «o
—^mRypAtm~*£5,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to alt
points East. Through Tickets to alt
point.R, nil rail or steamship and rail, at I
LOWEST H-.A.TES. '.
ETE1JJEE TICKETS 1KCLUDB BEETHand MEAL3. |
£S. COLUMBIA Sails.. Dec. 24, Jan. 3, 13 23 i
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Dec. 29. Jan. 8. 13, 2S
Eteamer Bal!s from foot of Spear Et.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK!, Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg*y,S.F.
TOYO KISJEN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
rer First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. ta..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (TlioKo). Naeasakl and Shanghai and
connecting at Hosekonc with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day cf tailing.
ES. AMERICA MA.RU
Saturday, January 4th. 1002
SS. HONGKONG MAEU
Thursday. January 30Ui. 1902
ES. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday, February 25th, 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market ftreet. corner First.
W. H. AVKP.Y. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW YORE. SOUTHAMPTON, LOXDQS, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork We^nes-iayE at 10 a. m.
Zeeland Jan- fJSt. Paul Jan. 29
St. Louis Jan. ISISt. Louis Feb. 5
Philadelphia ...Jan. 22! Philadelphia ..Feb. 12
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork 'Wedr.eFciays at 12 noon.
Zeeland Jan. S Vaderland Jan. 29
Frieslacd Jan. lSiJOnFinjaon reb. f.
Scuthwatk J»n 22lZ'-e!and Feb. 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
. CIIAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Paci3c Coayt. SO Montgomery et.
PAGIFIG STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Ca '-lui Americana de Vapores
To ValiaralMJ, stopping at Mexican, Central
and Souh Arseriran torts. Sailing from How-
ard 3. It}, 12 ni.
FAN'TX.GO Jan. £!PERU
LOA. ' i •••••.
Tfc^fKteamen are buIH expressly for Cen-
tral an -.South *^t-:cja passenger service
<No Chans at Aqapfc j or Psr.r ima .) Freight
and passenjir offfeft. :1C Cfcllft :nia street
BALFOUK pKTTH- IE ■& CO.. Gen. Agents.
feAAjfTi ;* Cf £? f»A """"'• »"*■=*. «sa
_ ™ ...
BS. ALAMEI I. for Honolulu
-Saturday, Jan. 4. «'»"« m
SS. AUSTRAIA, for Tahiti ..'
......... ..._...»..... . Ab^»Jt Jan 1 (1 "iv>
Ss. VENTUI L for Honolulu Paraoa Auck
Iar.1 and yCney.-Thurs., Jan. it;' ]0 am
I B. SP&COU mi. C6., Ennai fcgoits. 327 Ite »
tc'lPaaagsri a, HI Kattst St. far Ko^cik st
' PANAMA R. R. s Sr
TO NEV \m VIA PANAMA D13E3L
Cat n. nk; Steerage. J«; Meals Free.
6. 6. Afcyji tBi.a Tuesday, J an# oi
S. fc". Lclataw cells Monday, Feb. ~U
to. ■*>. Ajjyil tails Monday. Mar. 3
Frou Bdward-ctreet wharf at 2 p. m.
J-reit tt od . Pufcnccr Office. &io Jklarket «t_
F K. CONNOR. Pacifle Coast Agent.
COMPAQN. CEKEEAL3 TEAKSATLANTIQU*
mitECT IKE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sailing ev y Thursday, instead ot .>5ffiS3s»
fiaturoay, -. 10 a., m.. from l\er I". HTtfi iiT¥l
Jiortli Klv toot of Morton 6tf*«t.
First cia t» Havre. 170 and upVard. Second
class to Ivre. $45 and upuarrt. GENERAL
AGENCY OR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 rotdway <Hud»on fculldlnz). New
York. J. v t'UGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
AefcU. 5 pngomery avenue. San FVancisco.
Ticket* t» bs all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AHhIVEB STEATVTEBS.
. FOB U. S.f|7lARD AND YALLEJ3
/ tanen <$ FRrSBIS or M0NTICELL3
s ; jj s. m/, I and S:30 P. m., except Sup-
day. Sunday, 5 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7/iL:i:3O noon, 6 p.m.. except
Sunday. fSna'7-7 a. ni., 4:15 p. m. ■ Fare 60.
cents, "feleattv £lain 1508. LanCUnic and
office, tjer 24i>si3n-«.reet dock. HATCH
buos. n f- -, : •
SYNDICATE CHARTERS THE ALBION
FOR USE IN INTERISLAND TRADE
Former Alaskan Vessel Is Fitted With a Refrigerating Plarrfindls-
Expected to' Prove a Useful Craft in the Archipelago— Australia
Docks and Reports Being Delayed by Continuous, Heavy Gale
THE DOLLAR STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S ALBION THAT HAS BEEN CHARTERED TO GO TO THE* PHILIP
PINES. SHE IS FITTED WITH A REFRIGERATING PLANT AND WILL CARRY FROZEN MEAT FROM
MANILA TO ALL THE ISLAND PORTS.
THE well known coasting steamer
Albion is going to the Philippines,
where she will go Into the trade
between Manila, Iloilo and all the
other ports of the group. She is
well fitted for the trade, as some time ago
she was fitted with a refrigerating plant
and carried frozen meat from Puget
Sound to Nome.
The Albion was formerly engaged in the
lumber trade. Then came the Klondike
rush, and she was built up and turned
Into a passenger vessel. Later, when the
Nome fever broke out, she was fitted with
cold storage and did good service for her
owners. She has now been chartered from
the Dollar Steamship Company by a Phil
ippine syndicate and will go td Manila
via Honolulu. She will call at the latter
place for coal, and may also stop at Guam
on the way. She will not take any cargo,
but her chambers will be filled with Jlrozan
meat.
The Albion is a wooden ves/el of 337
tons burden, 120 feet long, 31 feet beam
and 9 feet deep. .She was built in 1S92 by
C. G. White for John S. Kimball. She is a
handy craft and should prove very ser
viceable in the Philippines. She will be
thoroughly overhauled before leaving here
for her new station.
Australia Reaches Port.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia, which arrived from Tahiti Sunday
night, was released from quarantine and
docked at Pacific-street wharf yesterday
mornir.g. Captain Lawless says that nev
er in his. experience did he encounter any
thing like the continuous heavy weather
the ship had to contend with all the way
home. When nearing the coast it blew a
hurricane, and m consequence the mail
boat was delayed, it taking her fourteen
days to make the run.
The Australia brought up a consider
able cargo, most of which is composed of
vanilla beans, bananas, pineapples, co
coanuts, mangoes and copra. Her pas
sengers were: D. Atwater, G. L. 'Ken
nedy, R. T. Kolph, W. B. Smith, T.
Deane, Joe Heller, Fred Muffelman and
John Ottosen. Besides these the Australia
brought up nine Chinese in transit for
Hongkong.
Among those who came home in the
cabin was W. B. Smith, who has been 10
Papeete superintending the building of a
wharf for the Oceanic Plteamship Com
pany. The new structure is 250 feet long
and is most solidly built. It will be used
by the company's steamers exclusively.
. Pays Official Visit to Protet.
Rear Admiral Glass of the Goat Island
training station paid an official visit to
the French cruiser Piotet yesterday. He
was received at the gangway by Captain
Barnaud and was shown all over the ves
sel. After a social chat that lasted nearly
a half-hour Admiral Glass took his leave.
As his launch steamed away from the
cruiser a rear admiral's salute of thirteen
guns were fired. To-morrow Captain
Barnaud will return Admiral Glas3' call.
Water Front Notes.
"rtie steamship Simon J. Murphy, which
arrived here from New York a few days
ago, will go Into the Coos Bay trade as a
lumber carrier. Her name was officially
changed to Melville Dollar yesterday.
The Pacific Mail Company has put the
steamship City of Para on the San Bias'
former run. The latter vessel is now
known to be a total wreck in Central
American waters.
The Mail Company's San Jose is to be
fitted with lower decks, and the chances
are that she will go to Roach's shipyards
for her alterations and repairs.
John Catechi, the well-known water
front restaurant man, i3 dangerously 111.
Sunday he went to visit a friend at Sau
salito and had a stroke of paralysis right
at his friend's gate. He was brougnt
back to the city and is now lying close to
death at his home. Strange to say, Mr.
Catechi's partner was also stricken with
paralysis some years ago and after partly
recoverinug went home to Greece, where
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
This question arises in the family
everyday. Let us answer it to-day. Try
a delicious and healthful dessert. Pre-
pared in two minutes. No boiling ! no
baking! add boiling water and set to
cool. Flavors: — Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry and Strawberry. Get a package
tf your grocers to-day. 10 cts.
For Stomach Disorders*
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline! Water
SWO BROAD WAT. N. T.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1901.
he died. . Everybody on the water front
knows John Catechi, and not one of them
but has a good word to say for him. His
nephew is now managing the 'business. .
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to^Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The German bark Carl is chartered for wheat
at Portland for Europe. 41s 3d, prior to arri
val; the German ship Lita. same voyage', 3Ss
Od, prior to arrival.
The British ship Eva Montgomery loads
wheat at this port for Europe, 35s.
Exports of Grain.
The British ship Marion Frazer was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown, for orders, with 79,
335 ctls wheat, valued at $84,295 and 21.000
feet of lumber as dunnage, valued at $315.
The British ship Scottish Isles was also
cleared yesterday for Queenstown, for orders,
with 56,811 ctls barley, valued at $51,211; 11.
689 ctls wheat, valued at $10,790. and 18,000
feet of lumber as dunnage, valued at $270.
The British ship Carnedd Llewelyn, which
also cleared yesterday for the same port, car
ried 40,182 ctls barley, valued at $43,875; 14,
636 ctls wheat, valued at $16,100, and 17,000
feet of lumber as dunnage, valued at $255.
Steamer Movements.
TO arrive. „
Steamer. From. I Due.
Santa. Barb.. Humboldt I Dec. .11
Empire Coos Bay |Dec. 31
Edith Seattle |Dec. 31
Czarina Seattle & Taeoma. Dec. !>l
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria Dec. 31
Rival Willapa Harbor Dec. 31
Crescent City Crescent City Dec. 31
.Coronado. . . . Ban Pedro Dec. 31
Maria Nanaimo Dec. 31
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 31
Lakme Portland & Astoria Dec. 31
S.Portland.. Seattle Jan. 1
'Alameda Honolulu Jan. 1
Mackinaw Taeoma Jan . 1
C. Nelson.... Humboldt Jan. 1
San Pedro... San Pedro ...'. Jan. 2
Navarro Point Arena '..Jan. 2
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Jan. 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 2
Corona Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 2
Nome City...' Seattle Jan. 2
Eureka Humboldt .' Jan. 2
City Peking.. China & Japan Jan. 3
Strathgyle... Portland Jan. 3
Santiago Valparaiso & Way Pts. Jan. 1
North Fork... Humboldt Jan. 4
NTicaria Valparaiso & Way Pts. Jan. X
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Jan. 5
Asuncion Taeoma Jan . 5
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Jan. 5
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. .-. Jan. t>
Newport Panama & Way Ports.. Jan. 7
City Puebla. . Puftet Sound Ports Jan. 7
Sequoia i Grays Harbor Jan. 7
TO SAIL.
Steamer./ Destination. ISails. Pier.
December 31. I
Despatch.. Seattle Si Falrhavenj 6 pm Pier 10
Katnier.... Seattle &. N Whatcm 5pm|fier 1
Mandalay.. Coquille River 5 pm Pier 2
January 1.
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles 5 pir.jPler 2
Arcata..../ 1 Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd lOamlPier 13
Empire.... Coos Bay 12 m|Pler 13
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 0 am | Pier 11
Walla Wall Puget Sound Ports.. 11am Pier 0
January 2.
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 10 am PierlC
Pomona... Humboldt 1 :3Ui> l-ier u
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 0 pm Pier '2
Nome City. San Diego Pier —
Bonlta Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
January 11.
Lakme Astoria &/Portland. 6 pm|Pler 2
G. Dollar. . I Grays Harbor 5pm|fier V
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland.. 11 am] Pier 24
January 4. f
Eureka.... Humboldt 12 m|Pierl3
Point Arena Point Arena SJpmlPIer «
Rival Willapa Harbor .... 5 pmlPIer 2
J. S. Klmbs Seattle & Taeoma... 10 am|Pler 2
Amer. Man China & Japan 1 1 pm|PMSS
Australia.. Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Jannary 0.
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Janunry (!.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Coos Bay.. Newport & Way.... 9 am Pier 11
January 7. |
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Curacao... Mexican Ports....'. . 10am Pier 7
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Cottape City, fikagway A Way Ports, Dec. 31
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports.lJan. - ?,
Dirlgo Skagway & Way Ports.|Jan. o
Al-Ki Skagway & Way Ports.lJan. 5
Bertha | Valdez and Kodiak |Jan. 7
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
KOTB — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
tbe height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. DECEMBER 31.
Sun rises 7:23
Sun sets .....5:00
Moon rises 11:&4 p. m.
O Tline^ Time ■ Time Time "'
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
»HW LW HW -LW
31~"4:21 5.5 10:30 2.2 4:19 4.2 ioloi "T2
1 6:10 6.5 11:50 l.» 5:41 3.8 11:07 1.8
2 0:05 6.412:49 l.B 7:02 3.7.... -.
L W H W L \V H W
3 0:02 2.3 6:52 5.4 1:42 1.2 8:16 3.7
4 0:51 2.6 7:35 6.4 2:29 O.8 0:18 - 3.8
0 1:40 2.8 8:16 5.4 3:10 0.4 10:10.4.0
6 2:25 2.9 8:54 6.5 3:47 0.0 10:55 4.2
7 3:00 3.0 9:26 5.5 4:21—0.2 11:34 4.4
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in - the left
hand column and tbe successive tides of the
day. in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tido of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey. Charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes tbe height, and then the number
given is subtracted from tbe depth given by th«
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
th« lower low waiers. . '
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N. f Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
December 30, 1901.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 12Oth meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant U. S. Navy, in Charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, December 30.
Stmr John S Kimball, Thwing, 80 hours
from Seattle.
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, 35 hours from Re
donuo.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Samoa, Hansen, 39 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr "Washtenaw, Parker, 87 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, 53 hours from Coos
Bay, via Port Orford 46 hours.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, from Portland,
Coos Bay and via Eureka 23 hours.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, 30 hours from Eu
relia..
Schr Conflanza, Olsen, 4 days from Iversens
Landingi
CLEARED.
Monday, December 30.
Br shiD* Marion Frazer, Irish, Queenstown;
Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
Br shlD Carnedd Llewellyn, Humphreys,
.Queenstown; .GirvJn— &- -Ewe. — ■ ■-■■-
Br ship Scottish Isle3, Stone, Queenstown;
L C Sheldon.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen, Seattle; Pollard
Steamship Co.
SAILED.
Monday, December 30.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, .
Stmr Argo, Hushes, Bandon. •■
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, Ventura.
Schr S Danielson, Larsen, Sluslaw River.
Schr Newark, Crangle, Bowens Landing.
Schr Alice, Gray, .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HUKNEME— Sailed Dec 30— Stmr Aberdeen,
for Redondo.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 30— Stmr Noyo,
hence Dec "8.
COOS BAY— Sailed Dec 29— Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 23 — Schr Webfoot, hence Dec
10; schr Glen, hence Dec 9.
Sailed Dec 28 — Stmr Signal, for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 28— Br Btmr Ping
Suey, from Hongkong.
Sailed Dec 2U — Stmr Edith, for San Fran
cisco.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived Dec 30 — Stmr
Scotia, hence Dec 29.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Dec 29, 4 pm—
Stmr Crescent City, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Dec 30— Stmr Luella,
hence Dec 2l>. ■
ASTORIA — Arrived Dec 30 — Br bark Ren
field, from Plsagua; stmr Coquille River, from
Fort Bragg.
Sailed Dec 30 — Fr bark Lamoriciere, for
United Kingdom; Br bark Fifeshlre, for United
Kingdom: Br stmr Foreric, for Manila.
EUREKA— Arrived Deo 30 — Aus shin Dev
eron, from Valparaiso; bktn Northwest, from
San Pedro.
Sailed Dec 30 — Stmr Santa Barbara and stmr
Pomona, for San Francisco; stmr Meteor, for
San Diejo.
KEAH BAY — Passed in Dec 30 — Br stmr
Duke of Fife, from Hongkong.
Passed outward Dec 30 — Bark Kate Daven
port, for Honolulu.
TACOMA — Arrived Dec 30— Stmr Duke of
Fife, from Hongkong; ship Kenllworth, from
Port Townsend. - '
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 30 —
Stmr San Mateo. from Ninaimo.
' Sailed Dec i>0 — Stmr Whitesboro, for San
Francicco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 29— Sehr Albert
Meyer, Gruner, from Ballard. Dec 30 — Stmr
Corona. Glelow, from San Francisco, hence for
San Francisco «ame date.
Sailed Dec 30 — Schr James H Bruce, Miller,
for Grays Harbor, in ballast; schr Ivy, Sam
uelson. for Coos Bay, in ballant.
PORTLAND— Arrived Dec U0— Stmr Strath
gyl<\ from San Francisco.
Sailed Dec 30 — Stmr Nome City, for San
Francisco. ■ *
FOREIGN PORTS.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Dec 30— Br stmr San
tiago, for San Francisco.
IQUIQUE— Arrived Dec 29— Bark Palmyra,
from Port Gamble.
BUENOS AYRES — Arrived Dec 25 — Br bark
Low Wood, from Port Blakeley; Br bark Kate
F Troon. from Port Blakeley.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec 30— Jap stmr
Nippon Maru, hence Dec 11.
» OCEAN STEAMERS.
NAPLES — Arrived Dee 30 — Stmr Glenturret,
from Taeoma. via St Vincent, G V.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Dec 29 — Stmr
Friesland, from Antwerp, for New York
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 30-*Stmr Ryn
dam, from Rotterdam.
Raised Row on Cable-Car.
George Webber, M. D. Cook, Archibald
Wilson and Wakeman Wilson of the hos
pital cprps at. the Presidio appeared be
fore Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge
of disturbing the peace. Saturday night
they were on a -Hyde-street car and made
themselves obnoxious, to the other pas
sengers by their conduct. Jacob Goetjen,
a grocer at 5 Wall street, objected to the
noise and they threatened to lynch him.
He was forced to leave the car. Sergeant-
Ellis and some officers boarded the car
and placed the defendants under arrest
They were very penitent in court and th»»
Judge continued the case for a week so
that they could bring witnesses as to
character. . . ' . ; .
Chased Woman With Knife. '
Frank J. Walthour, a pattern-maker,
appeared before Judge Fritz yesterday on
a charge of. carrying a concealed weapon
wh i ch> .,, b ? tne way « wa * 5 not concealed,
and will be sentenced on Friday. He was
chasing Agnes Sturdy, a neighbor, on Sec
ond street, with a long butcher knife,
threatening to "carve" her and was op
portunely arrested by Policeman Mo-
Guaide.
Burning Wood and Leather
With our . new Pyrography Machines is
an artistic pleasure that any one , can en
joy at small expense. Colored skins and
all. kinds of Wooden articles for burning,
as well as designs to work from, at San
born. Vail & Co.'s. 741 Market street. •
AUNT ABDUCTS
YOUNG NEPHEW
Police Unable to Find
Any Trace of Miss
ing Pair.
Believe That the Boy Has
• Been Taken to Wisconsin
or Michigan.
CHICAGO, Dec. >30.— The Evanston po
lice, with renewed hope of success in solv
ing one of the most mysterious abductions
or disappearance cases of recent years,
to-day issued new circulars offering a,re
ward for information . concerning the
whereabouts of Miss Florence Ely and her
13-year-old nephew, Frank Ely Rogers. A
description of Miss Ely is given but Jt is
stated that the boy is in air probability
dressed in the garb of a girl. Their non
success in obtaining valuable information
concerning the pair hitherto is attributea
to the fact that the police had been asked
to look for a woman and a boy. This new
tack In the search is due to the discovery
of the clothing worn by Miss Ely and the
boy July 13, the day they disappeared. A
dog dragged from under a depot plat
form, a bundle of clothing which the par
ents of young Rogers Identified as having
belonged to their son. A search disclosed
Miss Ely's old garments. As the boy s
collar was left with the clothes, it Is,
thought certain that Miss Ely took ad
.vantage of the lad's girlish face and hair
to dress him in skirts. It is thought that
following the change of clothing the boy
and woman took the train for Wisconsin
or Michigan and it is believed she is sup
porting both by giving instructions in mu
sic and painting. .
A reward of $500 for the apprehension
of the boy or his aunt has been standing
since last July.
SERIOUS RELIGIOUS RIOTS
ON THE ISLAND OF LEWES
Islanders Refuse to Countenance Al
liance Between Free and United
Scottish Churches.
LONDON, Dec. 30.— The Island of Lewes
has been the scene of serious religious
riots, arising from the union of the Free
and the United Churches of Scotland. The
Islanders refused to countenance the alli
ance and when the Minister at Ness
Joined the United Church they locked him
out of his church. A strong force of po
lice was sent over from the mainland to
open the doors, whereupon the islanders
congregated and. throwing volleys of
stones at the constables, drove them in
side the building and bombarded them
with rocks until they capitulated and
agreed to leave the island. Every member
of the police detachment was more or less
[seriously wounded.
r It is probable that a detachment of
troops will be sent to subdue the rioters.
DUKE OF MANCHESTER
WILL FIGHT THE CASE
His Attorneys Deny That the Breach
of Promise Suit Has Been Ctftn
promised.
LONDON, Dec. 30.— Messrs. Boxall &
Bcxall, counsel , for the Duke of Man
chester, declare there is absolutely no
truth in the report published in the United
States yesterday that the Duke with the
assistance of his father-in-law, Eugene
Zimmerman of Cincinnati, had offered
Miss Portia Knight, the actress. 520,000 in
full eettlement of her claim, for damages
resulting from alleged breach of promise
pf marriage. The lawyers say no negotia
tions for a settlement have occurred, are
occurring or will occur on the subject.
The trial, they add, will take Its course In
the ordinary way.
Schley's Friends^ Are
JETot
NET\V YORK, Dec. 30— Captain James
Parker of Perth Amboy, N. J., one of
Admiral Schley's counsel, said to-day that
Admiral Schley regards the case as closed,
but that his friends will ask Congress to
vindicate him by retiring him on full pay
and reimbursing him for the expenses of
his trial. *
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A CLEANXY AGE.
Twentieth Century Ideas Incline
Toward Sanitation and Preventives.
Nowadays scientists believe that in
cleanliness lies the secret of prevention
of diseases.
To prevent a disease, remove the cause.
Just as unclean lyibits breed many dis-
eases, so careless habits will breed dan-
druff. Improper use of another's brushes,
combs, etc., will surely caus'e dandruff,
and in time will just as surely cause bald-
ness.
It's microbic infection, nothing' more nor
less.
Newbro's Herpicide kills the dandruff
germ, and causes hair to grow luxuriant-
ly. Herpicide is absolutely free from
grease or other injurious substances.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and .parka—
pas3 the entrance. .
American and European plans.
AMX7SEM3.NTS.
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 4th, 3 p, m,
SnfiToliio Mo Pooita!
HIIEBaUb player f obSldl
ASSISTED BY THE
NEW/VICTOR DISC TALKING MACHINE.
PROGRAMME— part I.
1. Overture, Phedre Massenet
(Throughout the overture, violin, flute and
other orchestral effects, obtainable only
with the Angelus. will be noticed.)
2. "Air ds Ballet, No. 1"....; Chamlnade
3. Song. "Mona'.' Adams
Mr. H. Williams.
4. Moment Musicale, op. 7, No. 2. C. sharp
minor Moszkowskl
—INTERMISSION—
During the intermission the following selec-
tions will be rendered by the "Victor" Mon-
arch Disc Talking Machine:
(a) "Carry Me Back to Old Vlrglnle"
'. Haydn Quartet
(b) "The Holy City," tenor, solo
Harry MacDonough
(c) Selections from "Hurly Burly"
Metropolitan Orchestra
PART II. -
; 5. (a) "Valse Lente" -•'. .". . .Sleveklng
' (b) "Lieberstraum" (Dream of Love). ■
Nocturne .v. Liszt
(c) "Polonaise," op. 11, E flat.. Moszkowskl
6. "La Fileuse" (Etude) Raff I
7. Song. "Good By" Tostl I
Mr. H. Williams.
8. "Rhapsodie Hongrolse," No. 12 Liszt
The following selections will be rendered by
the "Victor" Monarch Disc Talking Machine:
(a) "Largo al Factotum," barytone solo..
:.. sig. Francisco
(b) "Rusty Raga," banjo solo..Vess L. Ossman
(e) -."Annie Laurie" v Haydn Quartet
..ADMISSION F EEfrowdtnV V tne HaTu
! Ticl-ets ■ "should be procured at Sherman, Clay
& Co.'B Music Store, Kearny and Sutter sts.
CHUTES_and ZOO
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT,
\- • .;:'V ; rvE\v year's eve. ■
Grand Fireworks at Midnight
LAST CARS LEAVE .THE CHUTES at la, m.^
AMUSEMENTS.
Curtain Riees— Evenings, 8:30: Matinees. 2:15.
LAST 5 NIGHTS,
Matinees TO-MORROW and Saturday.
Mary Mannering
JANICE "MEREDITH.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
MATINEE PERFORMANCE THURSDAY AF-
TERNOON. JANUARY 2.
MARY MANNERING IN
"CAM1LLE."
Next Monday-MODJESKA and J \ME8
• in "HENRY VIII."
Belasco & Thall, Mgra. ' A —.
TO-NIGHT AXTi ALL U-StH^fw
THIS WEEK,
EXTRA MATINEE i£Pp9 -EhS
TO-MORROW, «§iii£<£is52|-
Our Holiday Fun, "'jkSjJ^S^g?
CHARLEY'S !>%#?
AUNT. §£ MS .
A Laush a Minute for 2 %^trlj
Regular Matinee Satur- yft' - jlVsMsa
day and Sunday. ,^^£^Mii
Prices— 15, 25, 35, 60, 73c. £Tftv**Tg£ffi-3L<&<
NEXT — "THE "WIFE." immimmmmmmmm^
BJ^SCOAHaTHJULE&jfojtfjg,
• «-i *^ vnxut ctrt tun
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
EXTRA MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Denman Thompson's Great Play,
THE TWO
SISTERS.
A PLAY EVERYBODY SHOULD SEE-
Superb Production, Novel Specialties, etc.
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
PDlfEC Evenings 10c to 50c
rniwE3 Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
Next Week— "LOST IN NEW YORK."
SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY,
JANUARY 2.
PICOLO'S LILIPTJTIANS,
RITTER'S TBAINED DOGS
and the Great
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; box seats
and opera chairs, SOc.
Evenings at. 8 Sharp. •
Matinee SATURDAY and NEW YEAR'S
. DAY at 2 Sharp.
"IT HAS COME TO STAY."
Ferris Hartman's Merry Extravaganza,
Little Red
Biding Hood
BE SURE AND BRING THE CHILDREN.
POPULAR PRICES — 25c. SOc and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
THE GREATEST COLORED SHOW ON
EARTH.
Matinees New Year's .way and Saturday,
IHF . BLACK PATT1
mJoiu TROUBADOURS
BLACK PAT ; I,
The Greatest SinKer of Her Race,
And JOHN RUCKKR. "The Alabama Blos-
som," and 30 Ebony Ecstasies.
SoecSal Feature — Grand Gold Medal Champion
CAKE WALK
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Evenings.
Seats Ready.
NPXt Sunday. Jan. 5— "WHOSE BABY ARE
' you?"— "Don't You Remember?'
Seats Thursday.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Usual Saturday and Sunday Matinees.
To-night aDd Every Evening This Week,
MINNIE SELIGMAN
— -in ;
"A LADY OF QUALITY."
By Frances - HodKson Burnett and Stephen
• ' - Townsend.
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c. SOc. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinees, 25c
NEXT WEEK
MINNIE SELIGMAN in a Grand Double Bill
of "Comedy . and Tragedy" and "Cavalleria
Rusticana." .
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
NEW YEAR'S, THURSDAY. SATURDAY
AND SUNDAY.
ADMISSION 23c AND 50c.
g|j||^ RACING
1^"^^-*^ Tvery Week Day—
q&r ' Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to tho
track. Last two cars on train reserved (or
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. AH train* rt*
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Brcadway, Oak*
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con*
nect with Ban Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. ' These electrlo
cars ko direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
■ Upturning- — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. rn. and lmij»~3lately after tho last race.
THOMAS H.WILLIAMS JR.. President
CHA3. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
FISCHER'S concert house
llOUIltin O Admission lOc.
Prof. A. J. Topping; The Sorensens; Paloma
Quartet; Mullen and Lord; Valkyra; Ethel Cul-
breth; Coleman and Mexis; Billy Johnson, and
Hlnrichs' Orchestra. Reserved Seats, 23c.
Matinee Sunday and New Year's.
WeeMy GaU SLOO ner Year
BIENNIAL STATEMENT
O5« - — : ~.
The Hibemfa Savings & Loan Society
MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH AN ACT
of the State Legislature, passed March 23,
1393, and hereto annexed, to wit:
The People of the State of California, rep-
resented in Senate and Assembly, do enact aa
follows:
Section 1. The Cashier or Secretary of every
Savings Bank. Savings and Loan Society and
every Institution in which deposits of money
are made and interest paid • thereon, snail,
within fifteen days after the 1st day of De- .
cember. In the year one thousand eight hundred
and ninety-three, and within fifteen days of
the 1st day of December of each and every
second succeeding year thereafter, return to
the Board o* Bank Commissioners a sworn
statement, showing the amount standing to his
credit, the last known place of residence or
postofflce address, and the fact of death, if
known to said Cashier or Secretary, of every
depositor who shall not have made a deposit
therein or withdrawn therefrom any part of
his deposit, or any part of the interest thereon,
for the period of more than ten years next
preceding; and the Cashiers and Secretaries of
such Savings Banks, Savings and Loan Socie-
ties and institutions for deposit of savings
shall give notice of these deposits in one or
more newspapers published in or nearest to
the city, city and county of town where such
banks are situated at least once & week for
four successive weeks, the cost of such pub-
lications to be paid pro rata out of said un-
claimed deposits; provided, however, that this
act shall not apply to or affect the deposit
made by or in the name of any person known
to the said Cashier or Secretary to be living,
any deposit which, with the accumulations
thereon, shall be l?sa than fifty dollars.
Section 2. The Board of Bank Commissioners
shall incorporate in their subsequent report
each return which shall have been : made to
them, as provided in Section 1 of this Act.
Section 3. Any Cashier or Secretary of either
of the banking Institutions mentioned In Sec-
tion 1 of this. Act negl'ctlng or refusing to .
make the sworn staten._nt required by said
Section 1 shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.
In accordance with the foregoing the follow-
ing statement Is submitted, as appear* from
our books at close of business on the 6th day
o? December, A. D. 1301, to wit:
Name— Address. Amount.
Aguiar, Laura O <17 Pacific «t.,
S. F $112 71 '
Anderson, Bernhard.... North Pacific
Hotel, corner
Jackson and
Drumm sts.
S. F J24 2S
Barrett. Milton Bodie. Cal 355 SS
Bettencurte, Manuel de
S 413 Drumm st.,
S. F 61 S3
Brady, P. F San Francisco,
Cal 27159
Bryson. Mary ....223 Beale st..
S. F 110 8X
Buckley, Michael Mendoclno, Ca 1 213 04
Burke, Ann 223 Sixth St.. S.
P 53 60
Callahan, Jerry Western Hotel,
Broadway st.,
S. F IIM
Cardencs. Jennie Menlo Park,
San Mateo,
Cal 53 05
Cavanagh. John 744 Mission it..
S. F 1.1S8 83
Clark. Bridget San Francisco,
Cal 50 83
Corbett, Richard Tucson. Ari-
zona Terri-
tory 5,435 so
Daly, Bridget A ..San Francisco,
Cal 52 90
Daly. Maria San Francisco.
_; Cal (3 83
Delaney. Stephen San Francisco.
Cal 199 40 1
Doherty. Mary San Jose, Cal. 100 11
Donahue, J. Mervyn... San Rafael, Cal 939 JO
Donovan, John 419 Stevenson
• St.. 8. F 541 1J
Dunn, Alice 1824 Eddy st.,
S. F 1,059 64
Dunsford. John Howard st., bet.
Eth and 6th.
S. F 58 04
Edwards, Thomas M..San Mateo, Cal 73 30
Erlcson, August 228 Pacific St..
S. F 137 09
Foster. James W Care Frank
O * N e a 1 1 ,
Wickh am,
Newcastle, N.
*. 8. W.. Aus-
tralia . 173 13
Gainey, Elizabeth M...UI 4th st,, S. F 88 03
Graham, James Truckee, Cal.. 197 23
Green, Mary ....Eureka. Nev.. 372 25
Herod. George 32 2d st., S. F. " 63 03
Hesslon. Patrick 16 Natoma St.,
S. F 1.232 13
Hlgglns, Owen C Lime Point, Cal 151 94
Hogan. Thomas Steamer Pell-
can US io
Hubert. N San Francisco,
Cal 63 63
Ingemanson. Jons 238 Steuart st..
_ S. F 52 SO
Kuster. Anna B Brooklyn. Cai. 574 3a
Lawlor, Thomas "American Ex-
change Ho-
Lynch, Cornelius >28 isth st, *s". '° W
Manchen. Ella 318 Kearny" 'ni.'. 7 * **
Matthews, John Wideway ."East *
_ Berkeley, Cal 137 (2
Mellor, Henry 23 Natoma st.
8. F 173 ea
Moioney, Michael ...... Humboldt Ho-
tel, 15th St..
near Mission
st, S. F 152 33
Moony, Mary Ann 632 Natoma st,
S. F 1.J78 33
Muir. Mary or David San Jose, CaL 67 07
Muir
Mulholland, James ....4th & Towns-
end sts., S.
F 1,192 21
Murphy, Thomas Portland, Or.. 1,045 03
McCauley, Henry ......Egan Canon,
Nev 66 30
McGauley, Stephen ...413 Tehama st,
S. F. 143 33
McGrath. Bridget ......35 Folsom st,
S. F. 597 53
McKeand. Alex ........"New Atlantic
Hotel," 207
Montgomery
ave., S. F.... 173 90
McKinnon, M. C Volcano. Ama-
dor Cow, Cal. J.477 07
McQuald. Kata 152 Minna st.
S. F. n 24
McTlmpany. John .....117 Drumm St..
S. F 5373
Norton, Thomas B21 Mission st.,
S. F. *„&
O'Brien. Denis Point Reyes,
Cal i9« 19
O'Connor. Maria K)l."> Mission st..
S. F. 194 17
Olsen, Andrew 13 Jackson st,
8. T. 23ft 78
O'Neill, Ann 13 Clara st,
S. F 493 94
O'Nell, Mary ...Alameda Point,
Cal. 78 S3
O'Beilly, Elizabeth..... 741 Harrison
St., S. F 132 $3
O'Reilly, Farrell J.....741 Harrison
•t.. S F 51 40
Pevlde, Antonio da
Costa SIS Drumm st,
S. F 943 5$
Plover, Patrick San Francis*
co. Cal HJ3J
Was hlngton
Raynor, Henry square West
End. S. F... • 61 61
Iteilly, John ............Fort McDer-
mitt. Nev.... 260 03
Richter. Otto 22 Turk •...
S. F 53 45
Samnelson. Edwin ....15 Howard st,
S. F 587 27
Eheehan, John .........315 Bryant st,
S. P ia 5X
Ellvera, Manuel L> 116 Jackson St.,
S. F 343 is
Stempel. Edward 316 Fulton st.
S. F. 332 96
Kulllvan. Patrick 12 8th st.. S. F 72 91
Sullivan. Timothy .....San Francis-
co, Cal 333 95
Thlngler, Janetta San Francis-
co, Cal. 74 93
Tucker. Tecla T., guar-
dian of ■ Augustus
Temple (a minor).... 14 Dirpont «*..
8. F. no -a
Turley, Catherine Care Mrs.
Doyle. 27th St..
S. F 230 33
"Whlppey. George F..i. Salt Lake
City. Utah.. 9S2 SS
Total .W1.220C3
State of California,
City and County of San Francisco— sa.
I do solemnly swear that I have a personal
knowledge of the matters contained in th«
foregoing statement, and that every allegation
statement, matter and thing therein contained
is true^ to the best of my knowledge ana belief
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
Subscribed and «worn to before me this 6th
day of December, 1901. GEO. T. KNOX.
Notary Public in and for the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California.
DR. HALL'S RMYIGORATOBimnSfti
Stops all losses in 24 hours. Five* K3sfW>?lSi
hundred reward for any case we t''^ 1 MSSK
cannot cure. This secret remedy 4 H
cures Emissions. Impotency. ErcSS BTfa
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet. ffn Frrn
Etrlctures. Drains. Lost Man- li*llj I ('Hi
hood and all other wastin* ef- BS3 s£3~j
fects of self-abuse or excesses. dk«sse|iGB
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 80S Broad-
Way, OaklaiM. Cal. Also for sale at 1073 ij
Market st.. S. F> Bend for free book.
The Weekly Calt
SI' pep. Year* J
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Slight decrease in Coal receipts this year.
Silver and Exchange about as before quoted.
Wheat futures somczvhat higher. Barley quiet and steady.
Oats very firm. Rye steady and Corn dull.
Ifav. Bran and Middlings still firm.
Beats steady, &'ith some nibbling for shipment.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables show little chquge.
Butter and Eggs as before. Cheese weaker.
Dressed Turkeys in slow demand and easy.
Large receipts of lire Poultry from the West.
Game cleaned up well) though receipts were large.
Oranges slow, owing to cold, cloudy weather.
Fresh Mexican Limes on the market.
Dried Fruit firm at unchanged prices.
Provisions quiet, with realizing at Chicago.
Hides and Tallow steady, zvith moderate stocks.
Meat market as previously quoted.
light trading on the local stock exchanges.
Imports of Groceries.
Imports C staple groceries at this port dur
ul"Z firs! reven months of the year were as
t. -lows, con.rared with the same -period las
. Of < u gar. 9.065.127 pounds, valued at
»~, Vo nr&inst 160,070,000 pounds at $6,302.
000 -. »Mttion to this year's imports were
680 P* • : ' poawta from the Hawaiian Islands.)
O* c •'•■• ' 063.200 pounds, valued at $4,608.
it'n ' .2 533.700 pounds at $2,390,000; of
rtee " O pounds at $547,650. against
- *»»* at $6S9.660; of tea. 8.655.1S0
i S1.131.7S5. against 14,618,500 pounds
U |l B53 J18 ■
Coal and Oil.
COMJITICCS OF THE TRADE IN THESE
AKTKXES DURING THE PAST YEAR.
the ir.:iuai review of J. W. Harrison says
c' coal and ' I during the year 1901 :
Noiwitfcr: • ding the universal belief that the
quantity of »1 consumed this year would fall
: Lily X> pe: tnt below that of last, it will be
:cunc r>y ;•: rring to figures below that the
-eduction n erely nominal. Considering there
1 af been a n of say fully one mil
'ion cf tons < t coal this year. by_ the substitu
tion of fuel 1. it becomes a query to all en
f?a«ed ir. tbe coal trade, what has become of
the cool? A« Everything that moves, or is
made, dra*-- Its energy from fuel, hence the in
crease of a on- and enlargement of factories
must iir.fcWT hat question. There is no article
which is- sut »n infallible indicator of progress
s.r.& prcSt Ef ••fuel," so that . 1901 must be
Chronicled U .1 memorable year for California.
i:c*l is beirg gradually eliminated from loco
motive?, and all the power houses for cable
roads are BMt oil only, eo that the principal
c-utlot lor ft-. bi coal to-day Is for army trans
purts aiii U A and ocean-going steamers. If
tr.y'dcvic-e created to supplant coal with
oil a? a dcu: flic fuel, then the death knell of
the "black diamond" has been tolled, but the
writer :h:nks -..hat smell and trooke are oil ad
heeivts net «sy to eradicate: so far they have
not tofen var rolled. Coal values have been
Gradually rfecining. being forced to do so to
meet coropeti Ion; Australian grades at this
time last year were selling at fully $1 50 per
ton advance over present asking prices, which
lorees Washington and British Columbia to
jnartet their output at very low figures, except
ruch coMicrief as produce an article especially
adapted to house purposes. There is an actual
tiifierence existing of fully two dollars per ton
In the 6e!MnK price, locally, of dom»t*« and
* T^»e vVriouf sources from which we have de
rived our coal supplies are as follows:
1900 1901
Tons. Tons.
British Cc:umoia 76 . 6 '£H Ji?'^
Australia 178 - 5 *^ l IHS!
::i^i^h and Welsh 54.080 52,2.0
j?ci/ti.h
Eakcra « Cumberland and
Anthracite) 17,319 27,3iO
Bc*tU« < Washington) 250.590 240,574
Taccma • WafJ.:ngton) 418.052 433.&1*
M T^/ n ?^.^ B . ay . and 160.915 143.318
Japan and Rocky Mountains
by rail 42,673 S1.14<
Total 1,889,128 1,854.785
To secure a complete statement of the entire
coal consumption of California. I have been
obliged to include deliveries at Port Los An
geles :md San Diego by water, which has been
added in the above sources of supply. The to
tal amount received by water at those ports
loot ux> 240,777 tons.
Fuel Oil. — This has proved a boon to Cali
fornia, so farreaching In beneficial effects that
its future advantages cannot be estimated, and
It is questionable to-day if the discover}' of
gold will prove as potent a factor in creating a
prosperous and permanent future for us all. We
produce nearlv one million tons of varied grains
.annually and use no fertilizing products; we
export thousands of tons of nearly every fruit
grown in and out of the tropics; we handle
. injxe canned fish than any other State in the
«_nion; we unearth immense quantities of every
ne*-al known to commerce; •we have the mott
equable climate on earth, and within two years
we have become (or certainly will within two
years more) the largest oil producers in the
world, and are so geographically positioned that
we have the Oriental and colonial markets un
der our control to take our surplus refined oil.
We do not want the earth, we only want what
is on 'it and what Is in it. and the r>eople at
the aforesaid earth to consume what we will
provide for them. Is it to be wondered at that
our population Is rapidly increasing, that real
OKtate is being sought for at marked up values
ta.nd that Eastern plutocrats are seeking inveGt
ments here on every side? It Is a. conundrum
hard to solve, that the producers here of oil
have been so far the least benefited, the main
advantages have gone to the consumers. Con
tracts have been made this year at 60 cents
per barrel, with the freight paid by the vendor
of over 40 cents per barrel; at the same time
it »a: well known, that they were substituting:
oil at equal to $2 50 per ton for coal, which was
bfing then used at over $5 per ton. Better
prices for oil now prevail.
Coke.— The total quantity received by water
foots up 34*233 tons, as against 41,741 tons last
war. Over 5o per cent of the above has come
direct t>y sail from England, 7784 tons from
Ht-lgium and Germany, «»06 tons from British
Columbia and 1S25 tons from Australia. It is
impossible to approximate the quantity received
by rail, as the major portion of this is delivered
ctirect to Interior consumers. It should aggre
gate about 9500 to lO.OOO* tons.
Pig Iron. — The arrivals of pis iron by sail
ecgregate b478 tons. Of this amount 4753 tons
are English, Hit remainder is American. There
its an Eastern gydlcate now figuring on utiliz
ing the iron ores of Shasta. County, which may
result in giving us low-priced crude Iron
later on.
The above will demonstrate the present year
to have been exceptionally prosperous, and all
tisrifi indicate an aesured continuation for 1902.
VV e have had a seasonable rainfall to date,
;nd the grain markets of the world are quoted
with an upward tendency, which promises a
profitable outlet for our products. Our canning
industries are running full .blast with mobt
promising prosepcts, and these, combined with
1 he oil refineries now in course of construction,
>-hould infcuie us bountiful returns for the com
ing year.
The annual review of I. Steuart says:
A year of unprecedented prosperity has Just
closed, leaving the State and City of San
Kranciseo in a condition of active progression,
with every promise of the city experiencing an
eta of progress and expansion unknown in its
l>ast history, while the prospects of the St»tr,
owing to increased transportation facilities,
and the active efforts now bolng made to at
tract desirable immigration, promises to add
materially in the near future to the present
spars? population, and thus putting California
on a par with other States of the Union where
tsimilar methods have been bo successfully pur
fcuod for years past.
The coal trade of the yr-ar. although so ma
terially affcrted fcy the free use of oil as fuel
throughout the city and State, compares mos'
favorably with the trade of r«m years when
it is borne in mind that the estimated dis
placement of coal by fuel oil amounted during
the year to nboti« 1 "*• "ty tons of coa! eoiial
to 4,000,000 barrels of oil. ' q '
The follov. iw „».>. 4i« the highest and
lowest jirie*-* of coal at this port p«»r carsro
from Australia and Great Britain during the
year: unr>s the
1001. 1900
High. Low. High Low
Australian, best qua!ity.$7 20-$5 50 $7«S-$6 75
Great Britain 9 00-7 75 0 00-7 75
Weather Report.
nioth Meridian— Pacific Tim<» )
. SAN FRANCISCO. D»-c. 30. h p. m
Tbe following are tbe seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date la>=t
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
"'I ?. Last This Last
btatlons— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka o.OO 18.13 20.6S
Red Bluff 0.00 n.H<S s SI
Sacramento 0.00 5.«S U.7S
San Francisco o.OO 5.50 ■ 7 "">
Fresno o.OO 2.17 h!43
Independence 0.00 1.34 2.31
San Luis Obispo . 0.00 4.56 10.20
Los Angeles 0.00 2.45 6.79
San Disgo 0.00 .77 1.73 .
San Francisco .data: Maximum temperature
54. minimum 4S, mean 51.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston CO-40 Omaha 38-30
Cincinnati 34-32 Duluth 2S-18
Washington 40-3S Salt Lake City... 34-22
Jacksonville 66-46 Chicago 30-26
Kansas City 42-SS St Louis 38-28
New York .~.\ 52-40 Philadelphia 52-40
THE COAST RECORD.
£ K 2 O m "0
i £S Si 3s *£ S
STATION'. 3 3 1 3? =~ S™ '
I : 1 : 3 : ? ?~ )
A J st , orla 30 - 30 s ' 5 34 NW Cloudy 0.00
Baker 30.02 40 34 NE Cloudy 0.00
£. ar?on 30-24 40 22 S Cloudy 0.00
£ ureka -'50.12 58 44 N Cloudv 0.00
Fresno 30.0S 00 30 NW Cloudy 0.00
Flagstaff 30.38 52 14 E Pt Cldy 0 00
Pocatello, Ida. 30. 34 IM 16 NW Cloudy o'.CO
Independence... "JO. 00 «W 34 SE Cloudy 0.00
Los Angeles... .iO. 02 78 54 W Clear 0.00
£ h "*; nlx - 30-JJ2 78 28 Cm Clear 0.00
f, or 5' a " d - "COS 44 30 SE Cloudy 0.00
K ed £lu« --W.02 (2 36 X Cloudy 0.00
Koseburg 30.10 42 30 K Pt Cldy 0.00
Sacramento... 30. 10 52 32 S Cloudy 0.00
Salt Lake 30.38 34 22 W Cloudy 0.00
San Francisco.30.12 54 48 N Cloudy 0.00
S. L Obispo... 30. 10- 74 44 N Clear ' 0 00
ban Diego 30.02 6 74 52 W Clear 0 00
| ea "le 30.06 40 30 SE Cloudy o!oo
Spokane 30.24 36 22 XE Cloudy 0.00
•Jf a .h Bay 2-j.ys 50 40 SE Cloudy 0.00
XValla Walla.. .{0.22 34 26 SW Cloudy 0 00
Wnnemucca.. 30.20 44 10 SW Cloudy 0.00
luma 30.02 74 34 N Clear Q.QQ
San Francisco temperature 7 a. m.. 50 degrees.
WEATHER COXDITIOXS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
fi, X D ra , In £? s fallen over the country west of
rnnJ}, O i Cky Moun , tains durln * the past 24 hours.
r£n i°,5? 2 re J?2, comlTls *, T 01 " 6 favorable for
rain, ana a moderate disturbance win proba
bly overlie the northern coast by Tuesday nieht
nor"thward? ather prevaiIs from San Francisco
The temperature has risen from Eureka to
As tori 8..
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Dec. 31:
California — Cloudy unsettled
weather Tuesday, probably rain from San
Francisco north; light, northerly, changing to
fresh southeasterly winds. ranging to
ea«t°e U rly e winds llf0rnla '~ Cl0Udy Tuesda r: "S^t
uk^^STlilS^^- liebt Bno ~ flurrJes =
northern chajngin^to^bHsk
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30. — To-day's market was
largely a matter of money supplies. The
symptoms were Indubitable that these were
scarce, the call loan rate running up at one
time to 12 per cent. The general rate for re
newals was 10 per cent. There were a num
ber of other depressing factors which rein
forced tfaia motive for selling stocks, and the
co^quence was a general declining tendency
of nrices during the morning. Later In the
day the money rate became easier under of
ferings by bankers, among whom J. Pierpont
Morgan & Co. were conspicuous. A very urg
ent demand developed for Reading, which
caused an advance of 4 points in that stork
aa4nc7 h & h r^° rd P , rice at ea^ "top o" the
ad\ance Ihe dimensions -uf ■ the trading in
the stock were such as to show that only tf"
largest interests could conduct it Th» in
SffiVE? 8 ken r »n an the wjy^from
1000 to 10,000 shares. The eeneral rnarVot
steadied under the influenced? this move
ment, but was singularly unresponsive even in
the stocks most nearly allied in interest wi n"
Heading, with the exception of New Jersey
Central, whlca made an advance of 5% on n£ h * t
trading. When Reading yielded to realizing the
general market, which had been held only
steady, cave way again suddenly and dropped
to the lowest, the industrials and Paciril"
leading. The closing was active and easy
Many rumors were circulated to account for
the strength of Reading. It was said that a.
stock readjustment was at hand. Another
report was that Pennsylvania was buyine for
control. The failure of confirmation of these
rumors caused a suspicion among professional
traders that the powerful demonstration in the
stock was designed for sentimental effect on
the ceneral market to help support jjrices In
accordance with the effort supposed to be mak
ing to that end by great banking interests
The nnrent demand for money disappointed ex
pectations aroused by the unexpected Increase
shown in banking reserves by the bank state
ment on Saturday and the large gain by the
banks Indicated by to-day's return of the Sub-
Treasury's operations, resulting from the pay
ment on Saturday for the redemption of a
block of $2,500,000 of Government bonds. To
day over half a million dollars additional was
paid out for redemutlon of Government bonds
Later in the day it was explained that pay
ments were being made for the $75,000 0(X)
of Northern Pacific convertible bonds the
proceeds of which are to be used for the re
tirement of Northern Pacific preferred stock.
It was said that one check of $34,000,000 had
passed on account of the subscriDtions It
has been claimed hitherto that this operation
would be accomplished by transfer of banking
credits and without affectine the money mar
ket. The flurry in money caused some fresh
uneasiness as to possible delay In the period
of relaxation after January 1. The reduction
in the Calumet and Hecla dividend and the
closing down of the Anaconda mine depressed
Amalgamated Copper eharply. Sugar was un
der renewed pressure and showed the lack of
recent demand from a short- interest The
assembling of the conference of Northwestern
Governors to consider measures of opposition
to the Northern Securities Company made the
•Pacifies weak. Union Pacific seemed to be af
fected also by Rome disappointment over the
meaKerness of details in the annual report re
garding t"he methods of financiering the North
ern Pacific settlement. Proceedings begun In
Ohio under the anti-trust law resulted in sharo
declines in Ohio soft coal roads. The contro
versy between Germany, and Venezuela had
pome effect In foreign markets, but seemed to
be Ignored here.
The wond market was moderately active and
Irregular. Total sales. JF2.320.000. The United
States fives cour>on and the refunding twos
registered declined % and the twos coupon
the three coupon and the old fours % per cent
on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. ' High. Low. Close
Atchlson 17,1)00 S0«i 79>/i' 7!)%
Atchlson prefd .... 7.100 102% 102 Hftl
Bal & Ohio 7,300 105Vj 104% 105U
Bal & Ohio prefd.. .'{00 04% 04 y, f).j.
Canadian Pacific .. 300 113% 113% Ii:*i4
Canada Southern .. 2,<KK) 87% 8U ' 87
Ohea & Ohio 1,500 47 46>4 47U
Chi & Alton 700 35% 34% 34 j£
THE SA>7 FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 3DO1. . ,
'hi & Alton, prefd 400 76V} 7C,y s 76^4
:hi. Ind & Louis.. 2,500 51 V 2 50 50%
.'hi. Ind & L prefd "."JOO 76U 70 '■ 76
'hi & G West ' 1,300 21 ' 2.!% 2-J%
' & G West A pfd ..,. 83%
: & G West B pfd 200 '48% 47% 47
hicago & N W .. 300 205 2(« 204
hi. R I &- Pacific. 3,900 KKMA 150% ,153%
hi Term & T 15%
hi Term & T prefd 300 30 2:Hi 2!)>/j
', C, C & St Louis. 300 ■ 98 95%' 9.7
:olo Southern 2,700 15% 14% 14?$
!olo So 1st prefd:. 1.700 CO 50% 59%
'olo So 2d prefd.. 2,700 28% 28Vi 28V.
)ela & Hudson ... 2,800 177% 170 17GV4
)ela, L & West. .. 1.S0O 252 240 V> 250^
>en & Rio G 500 45 44% 44%
)en & Rio G prefd 3,100 96 05% 95%
:rie 41,500 42% 4U4 42i/.
:rie 1st prefd ..-. 9,500 74Vj 73'/. ' 74
:rie 2d prefd 8,500 ' 61 V4 5t> 61%
Jreat Nor rrefd... 600 184% 183% 1S:>%
locking Vallpy ... 3,000 71 69% 70
locking Val prefd. - 700 84 Rl% 83 Vt
lllnois Central .'..' SCO '139V. 139- 138%
owa Central 100 37^3 37% 37
owa Central prefd T .... 71 y.
.ake E & West 200 69% 69% 69 "
-ake E & West pfd 127
iouIs & Nashville. 4,100 106% 106% 106U
Manhattan L ..... 10,200 13S 13CVa ]3G%
letropolitan St Ry. 3,000 1(52% 161 1,4 161
■lexican Central .. 3,400 .26% 25% 26
-lerlcan National..." 200 14% 14% 14%
.linn & St Louis.. 300 108% 108 " 108%
Missouri Pacific ... 51,700 107% 104% 105%
it, K & T 000 25'i 25 Vi 25%
il, K & T prefd... 900 52% 52 52%
<ew Jersey Central 1,500 196% 192 196%
>Cew York Central. 5.S0O 167% 166% 166%
s'or & Western ... 800 57% 57 " 57
\*or & West prefd. 200 91 90% 91%
S'or Pacific prefd.. 200 100 09% 0!)%
Ontario & Western 12,700 35% 34% 35%
Pennsylvania 24,300 150% 140% 149%
Reading 230. COO 58* 53% 57
Reading 1st prefd. 3 2.600 82% 81% ' 82%
Reading 2d prefd.. 50,400 64% 62 63%
St L & S F 1.900 55% 54% 54%
St L <fe B F 1st pfd 1,800 82% 82% 82>/l
St L & S F 2d pfd 3,900 73% 70 72%
St Ixiuls Swstern.. 700 27 °6% T,%
St Louis S W prfd SOO 68 57% 58
It pau! prefd-.:::: 28 ' 400 ( 165^ ™* {&*
Southern Pacific . . 15,700 ei . 60% 60%
Southern Railway.. 5,500 33% 33% 33 u
So nhern Ry prefd. 2,700 93%' 93% 03ti
Texas & Pacific ... 2,300 39% 38% 30%
T. St L & West... '300 19 /J 19 * 18
T. St L , & West Pfd 300 35 35 34
r- n on aciH c 43..'i0u 103% 102% 10° J A
ggK^S ..8 ■» Hi g|
fSSi^ivu >iS8 88 M II
W & L E 2d pfd.. ., 100 29% £% 29
U sconsin Central. 100 20% 20?i 20%
Wis Cent pfd .: ... 400 41 % « 41% 41 U
Express Companies— ■ . ■ '*
Adams ,«-
American o' 0 g
Kn 1 , t , ed^. States 600 98" 96" "90
Wells Farjjo iqa
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Cop. 83,000 71 6S% 68%
Am Car & Found. 2,400 30% . 30% 30%
Am Car & F pfd.. 700 86% 86# 86^
Am Linseed Oil ' -ik'*
Am Lin Oil pfd '.'.'.'. "" 43
Am Smelt & Ref.. 6,400 45% 4ii{ 44U
Am Smtl& R pfd. 900 97 90% 06W
Anaconda Min Co. 2.100 31 30% 30%
Brooklyn Rap Tran 3.000 65% -64% (U%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1.800 83 S8 % 86
Consolidated Gas.. 3, COO 219% 2i7% 21W
Cont Tobacco pfd. .... 1141&
General Electric... 900 283% 2S2* °S3%
Glucose Supar ' "•{()
Hocking Coal 100 15% i5%" 15%
International Paper . o^jy
Inter Paner pfd ... 715
Internatl Power... 100 87% 85% S"U
Laclede Gas • 00
National Biscuit .. 400 45 44% 44V,
National Salt .. 30
National Salt pfd '.'/.' 61
North American... 100 93% 93% 93
Pacific Coast .. 75
Pacific Mail 200 45% ' ' 45% 45*A
People's Gas 13,400 103% 10 oa 4 103%
Pressed Steel Car. . l.COO . 40v; 40 40
Pressed Steel C pfd 1,000 S5% 8VA 85
Pullman Pal Car .. «>17
Republic Steel 200 15% iflii "15%
Renubllc Steel pfd. 100 OS ■ 68 '" 0S«^
Sugar 22,900 11S>A 11« 116V4
T»nn Coal & Iron.. 1,100 64% 64 64W
Union Baer & P Co i|%
Un B & P Co pfd ;. .." 73s?
U S Leather 1,000 12% 11% nfl
U S Leather pfd... 200 81% 81% SHi
XT S Rubber 000 14 l.W 1.1
TJ S Rubber pfd... t.000 49%- 49% 4R%
U S Steel 17,100 43H 42% 42^4
U S Steel pfd 6,000 93% 93 93^
Western Union 11,400 92% 91% o<>%
Am Locomotive 800 31% 31% 31
Am.ioco pfj..... 1,800 OO^i SOU »O?4
Total sales 861.700
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
US ref 2s reg....lOS% L & N Unl 4s.... 102%
Do 2s coup 109% Mexican Cent 4s.. 83T4
Do 3s reg I0S% Mex Cent 1st Inc. 32
Do new 4s regr..l39Hi Minn & St L 4s.. 103
Do new 4s coup. 139V. Mo. Kan &-T 4s. 98
Do old 4s reg...lllT| M. K & T 2ds.... 81%
Do old 4s coup. 112% N Y Central lsts.106
Do 5s reg 107% N Y Cent gen3%s.H0
Do Es coup 107V4 N J Cent gen 5s.. 134
Atchlson gen 4s.. 103% N Pacific 4s 105%
Atch adj 4s 94% N Pacific 3s 73V6
Bait & Ohio 4S..M03 N T & W con 4s... 102V,
Bait & Ohio 3%s. 96% Reading Gen 4s.. 100%
B & O conv 4s... 105 SL4IM conSs.HS
Canada So 2ds...lO9% S L & S F 4s 97%
Cent of Ga Cs 106% S L Swstrn lsts. 96%
Cent Ga 1st inc.. 76 S L Swstrn 2d"» 79 V,
Ches & Ohio 4iis.lO6% S A & A P 4s .'. S9%
Chgo & AJt 3%s. 80 So Pacific 4s 93%
C B & Q new 4s. 9S% So Railway 5s...'l2t$
9, ¥ £J? p^en4s.ll2 Tex & Pac lsts.. 119%
C & NW con 7s.. 140% T, St L & W 4s.. 81%
C R I & P 4s.... 107% Union Pacific 4s.. 107
C C C&SLcen 4s. 104 • U P conv 4s 106%
Chgo Term 4s 89V» Wabash lists 11S»2
Colo & So 4s 9014 Wabash 2ds 114
D & R G 4s 103% Wabash deb B... C<5«
Erie prior lien 4s. 101% West Shore 4s...ll4«
EFie Gen 4p 91% W & L E 4s . Oil"
F W & D C lsts.105 iWis Central 4s.:. 90^
Hocking Val 4%s.J09% icon Tob 4s 65
>fEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 12
Alice 44 Ontario 8 50
Breece 75 Ophir SO
Brunswick Con IS Phoenix 05
Comstock Tunnel.. 0(! Potosi n - t
Con Cal & Va 1 05 Savaee " o->
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada *>n
Horn Silver 1 00 Small Hopes.... 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard 350
Leadville Con 05 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westinghs Com... 85
Call loans 4%©T» Mlnine—
Time loans 4%<g6 Adventure .'.... I!)'".
Bonds— Alloutz ...... ;\
Atchison 4s 102 Amalgamated ... C8%
Gas lsts 80 Baltic 35/4
Mexican Cent 4s.. 80% Blngham 2.'iTi
N E Gas & Coke. 57 Calumet & HecIa.5!»0
Railroads— Centennial 12%
Atc h lson 79% Copper Range.... H2%
Atchiscn pfd..... 102% Dominion Coal.. 49%
Boston &. Albany. 200 Franklin .... ]•{
Boston &• Maine.. 191 Isle "Royal e ' 2d4
Boston Klevated..l«O Mohawk XoH
K Y. NH & H...211% Osceola SO'A
Union Pacific 102% Parrot SO
Mexican Central,. 25% Quincy ...' '140
Miscellaneous— Santa Fe Copper. 3%
American Sugar.. 116 Tamarack .. «>B5
Am Tel & Tel. ..164% Trimountain ...'.'. 37
Dom Iron & S... 25'4 Trinity 14U.
Ocneral Electric. 2S.f United States. ... 14
Mass Electric.... 33 Utah . 9^
Mafs E!ec pfd... 02 Victoria I [[[][[][ 5%
United Fruit .... 02 Winona 1%
S I It^-pfd-.::: 8 Wol - rlne • ™
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— Money on Vail was
firm at 6(S6'^ per cent; closed offered at 6 per
cent: prime mercantile paper, B@5% per cent
Sterling exchange was firm, with actual busl'
™tl. s/s4u£f \~f % for slxty da y s : Posted
I l%u * fl 41 <4@f 8<?i: commercial bills, $4 s.Jfa
i.,?? /j- h a J s H Ver> 55%c - Mexican dollars
4.$%c Bonds— Governments, weak; States inl
active; railroads, irreglar.
London Market.
SKW YORK. Dec. 30.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says •
The stock market to-lay was inactive and feal
tureless. The American department w.13 firm
fatly .but reacted on lower quotations from
New York. Union Pacific and AtchUon wore
weakest. No reason was given save H n»th«
£ Rio Tintos sold at $40 62% and* coC/at
Money was strong.
Ba^k of n E r n k g C l t and° rrOWed £S^^> Tom the
CLOSING.
LONDON. Dec. 30.— Anaconda, ««;. A^*,i
son. 82; do preferred, 10494; D & r A jflV"
¥%<BtUrcoT y - 25 Per ° U "-- Mine";;
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 30.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the eenersH
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold resprv^
in the division of redemption, shows- Aval,
able cash; balance. $175,211,229; gold $U0 C
l:j. Visible Grain Supply, i .
NEW YORK, Dec. 3O.-Th e visible supply of
Brain Saturday. December 2S. as compiled by
th« New York Produce Exchange, Isfas fol
lows: Wheat. 5S,e48,O00; decrease, / 157 000.
Corn, U,425.C00; v Increase, 121,000. Oats, fi,
2C8.000; decrease,' 33,000. Rye, 2,418.000; de
crease, 48.C00. Barley 2.4S5, 000; decrease, 104,
000.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
■■ ■ ' . ■ . f n • •
NEW YORK, Dec. SO. — FLOUR— Receipts,
42,219 barrels; exports, 11,700 barrels; firmer at
the Close with wheat. .
WHEAT— Receipts, 142,400 bushels; exports,
137,121 bushels. Spot firm; No. 2 red, S3%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth. 94 M,c f. o. b.
afloat. Options for a time wero affected by
bearish weekly foreign statistics, lower cables
8 nd general selling, but in the afternoon sharp
ly recovered. The -rally was attended by a
scare of shorts, export' rumors and larger
clearances. Closed firm at %c advance. March,
8i> : «i@88c, closed SSc; May, 85 i-16@87%c,
closed S7i£c; July, 85%??S6*4c, closed S6?ic;
December, 84%f 85%c, closed S3%c. 1
HOPS— Steady. .-, #
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL — Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio steady; No. 7 Invoice,
7 l-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 7%@llc. Futures
closed steady and unchanged to 5 points lower.
Total sales, 34,500 bags, including: January,
6.75c; March, O.f)OaG..'J">c; April, 7.05c; May,
7.1H(&7.15c; July; 7.:»0@7.o. r pc; September, 7.50@
7.55c; October, 7.C0c.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar,
2;t,c: retined was steady. /
BUTTER — Receipts. 3600 packages; steady.
State dairy, 15@23c; creamery, 16@25c*, June
creamery, 15@2H6c; factory, 12Mi ( f?15i/ 2 c. »
EGGS— Receipts, 4000 packages; firmer.
Western, at mark, 23®29c.
DRIED FRUITS.
The week started out with a fair demand for
i evaporated apples, particularly choice and
fancy grades, and values were well maintained.
State, common to good, 6@S'/jC; prime, 9@9i4c;
choice, 9»4@10c: fancy, 10 1 ,4@llc.
California dried fruits were quiet and un-
I changed.
PRUNES— 3 ?i@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@llc; Moorpark, 9V£@
13c.
PEACHES — Peeled, 16@20c; unpeeled, 7^4@
7 Vic.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 30. — Wheat had a very weak
opening. Cables were lower, much more so
than was expected in consideration of the de
cline here Saturday. The quantity of wheat
on passage was increased 232,000 bushels and
the Northwestern and primary receipts were
materially larger than a year ago. The one
redeeming feature for the bulls was the small
ness of the world's shipments to Europe. May
opened lower at 81%@80%c and at once
sold to 80%@80%c. The early • selling was
heavy and everything offered at the low prices
was absorbed. When the small decrease was
reported in the visible supply and the ex
port . clearanc.es appeared of considerable pro
portions shorts began to cover in such a man
ner that it seemed apparent that the market
had been oversold. There was also some rumor
that a considerable short line was being cov
ered tor V. H. Peavey, the elevator magnate,
who died here to-day. This covering, which
began only half an hour before the close, soon
sent May to «2Vic. Small profit-taking brought
a slight reaction and May closed strong, %c
up, at 82 %c.
Corn played a following game with wheat
most ot the day. May closed firm, 1 /4@%c
higher, at 66%c. i
Oats were strong throughout. May closed
firm. %c up. at 45 %c.
Provisions opened nrm on light receipts and
better prices at the yards. The early grain
weakness influenced some profit-taking, but on
the late strength in cereals provisions advanced
again. May pork closed 22%c up; lard, 12%c
higher, and ribs 10c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December . . 77% 78% 77 78 14
May "81%; S2& 80% 82^
July 80% 82 80Vi 80%
Corn No. 2 —
December .. 62% 63% 62% 63%
May 66 66-fc Oj>£| ; o«i/ 2
July 65Vi WH 65 6U&
Oats No. 2—
December .. 44*,4 44Ts 44% 44?i
May 45 45% 44% 45%
July 3S% 30% 3S% 30%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 16 87'*, 16 97% 16 85 16 97%
May ....:... 17 40 17 47% 17 32% 17 47%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January 10 12% 10 17% 10 12% 10 15
May 10 10 10 20 10 10 10 20
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January 8 60 8 C5 8 57% 8 65
May 8 87% 8 02% 8 82% 8 92%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour,, •ttulyr- **».' "3" irr^Hje — -wheat ~ 7*%@
77%c; No. 2 red. S4Vi@SGV»c; No. 2 oats, 45%
@4n%c; No. 2 white, 47@47%c; No. 3 white,
46@47c; No. 2 rye. 65Vic; fair to choice
malting barley. 58 1^@C2c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 68;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 60; prime timothy seed,
$6 S5@C 45; mess pork, per barrel. $16@16 10:
lard, per 100 pounds. $10 12V.@10 15; short
ribs sides (loose). ?8 60@8 70« dry salted shoul
ders .(boxed), 7%@7%c; short clear sides
(boxed). $9@9 10; whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 32; clover, contract grade, $9 45.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 65,000 40,000
Wheat, bushels 88,000 14,000
Corn, bushels 122,000 45,000
Oats, bushels .....103,000 160.000
Rye, bushels 0,000 3.000
Barley, bushels 65,000 20,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries, 15@24c; Dai
ries, 14@20c. Cheese, steady, 9%@10»ie. Eggs,
steady; fresh, 24c.
Foreign Futures.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening 6 3U 6 3 V4
Closing 6 2% 6 2%
TARIS.
Wheat — Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 21 05 22 65
Closing 22 10 22 C5
Floui- —
Opening 27 5r> 28 55
Closing 27 45 28 55
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30.— CATTLE— Receipts, 18,-
C00; strong to 10c higher: good to prime, $6 75
@7 50; poor to medium, $3 00@<3: stockers and
feeders. §2@4 25: cowa, $1 25(S4 65: heifers.
$1 70@5 25; canners, $1 2f>@2 30; bulls. $1 75®
4 50: calves, ?2 50@6 50; Texas fed steers,
$3 25©4 35.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 38,000; to-morrow.
20,000; left over, 3000; 10c higher; mixed and
butchers. $6 10@l> 75; good choice heavy. $6 50
Cft! OO: rough heavy, $1; lfKffG BO; light, $5 35fg>
6 50: bulk of sales, $6 25iSC 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, . 25,000; sheep, weak;
lambs, steady to 15c lower; good to choice
wethers. $4@4 80; fair to choice mixed, $:5@
3 00; Western sheep, $3 75(??4 50; native lambs,
$3S 6;. Western lambs, $3 80@5 DO.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Dec. SO.— CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1200; strong; natives, $3 25@7 35; cows
and heifers. $1 50@5 35; veals, $2 50® 5 75;
stockers and feeders, $2 35®4 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 5100: iJ@10c higher: light
and light mixed, $6 35<fj6 80: medium and
heavy. ?0 60@G 85; pigs. $4 25@5 05.
SHEEP— Receipts, none; market steady.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— Interesting features
were lacking in the market for metals at home
and abroad to-day and trade was quiet. Tin
in London was dull and unchanged, with spot
quoted at £106 and futures at £103. Locally
tin was quiet at $23®24.
A better feeling prevailed in copper at Lon-.
don and at the close values were £1 higher,
leaving spot at £49 and futures at £40 12s 6d.
Here the market remains dull and unchanged,
lake quoted at $13, electrolytic at $12 S~V a and
was dull at $4 37% at New York. At
London spot was quoted at £10 3s 9d.
Spelter was off 2s Gd at London to £16 15s
and the local market was nominally 5 points
off. but dull at $4 35.
Iron was quiet. Plgiron warrants, $10 50®
11 50; No. 1 Northern, foundry, $15 50@16; No.
2 foundry Southern, $14 50@15 50; No. 1 foun
dry Southern, $14 50®16; No. 1 foundry,
Southern, soft. ?15@17. •
Glasgow Iron' warrants closed at 40s Id;
Mlddlesboro closed at 43s 3d.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30. — The cotton market
opened easy at a decline of 2@4. points and
closed barely steady at 7@12 points lower.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Dec. 30. — Consols, 04; silver,
2,1 11 -16d; French rentes, lOOf 7% c. Wheat
cargoes on passage, rather easier; cargoes No.
1 Standard California. 30a 4 '/Ad; cargoes Walla
Walla, 29s 3d ;■ English country markets, quiet;
Import into United, Kingdom, . wheat. 191,000;
import Into. United Kingdom,- flour, 313,000;
wheat and flour on passage to United Kingdom,
2,780,000; wheat and flour on .passage \ to Con
tinent. 1,040,000; Indian , shipments wheat I to
United Kingdom, 83,000 quarters; Indian ship,
ments wheat to Continent, : none. ' 1 . ~ .
>• LIVERPOOL. Dec; 30. — Wheat, quiet;. No. 1
Standard Callfotnla," Cs 5d@6s 5i£d;' wheat In
Paris, wealt; flour in -Paris, vveak; French •
coyntry markets, 1 dull; weather In England,
damp. - ■ " •
COTTON— Uplands, 4 19-32d. --' .- . J«
The ' Corn and Produce exchanges will be
closed January 1. . .
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.,' Dec. 30. — Clearings, $504,
092; balances, $50,737.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec. 30. — Wheat, easy; "Walla
Walla, 61(g:C2c; bluestem. 62%@63c.
Cleared — Baik Jean Bart, for Queenstown,
with 111,732 bushels of wheat.
■ - WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Dec. 30.— Wheat. %c higher;
bluestem, 63c; club. 62c.
LOCAL MARKETS.*
Exchange and Bullion /
Sterling Exchange, 60 days... -— $4 S4 .
Sterling Exchange, sight — * »']a
Sterling Cables — * '*
New York Exchange, sight... — 01%
New York Exch'ge. telegraph — 05
Silver, per ounco "Hir «, a-
Mexlcan Dollars, nominal...." 44% © *o
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were weaker,
as will be seen by the quotations. The world's
shipments for the week were as follows, in
quarters: Russian. 120.000; Danubian, 120,
000; Indian. 33,000; Australian, 27,000. The
American visible supply decreased. 157,000
"Chicago opened heavy on the lower cables,
with considerable realizing. Later on the
market steadied, there was a fair commission
house buying and an active speculative trade
all around. Cudahy's brokers were thought
to have bought a millipr. bushels during the
day, and the shorts covered freely.
In this market futures opened .ower. put
advanced. Shipping grades were not dis-
SpotWheat— Shipping, $1 05; milling. ?1 07%
per ctl. . . ,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 4000
ctls, $1 07%: 8000. $1 07%.
Second Session— May— 20.000 ctls, $1 OS.
Regular Morning Session— May — 10,000 ctls,
$1 08%: 8000, $1 0S%. „„„,
Afternoon Session— May — S000 ctls. $1 0S%:
1S.000. ?1 0S%.
BARLEY— The market opened the week
quiet and unchanged.
Feed 8114 c for choice bright, 80c for
No. 1 and 77%@78%c for o« grades; brewing
and shipping grades, 85@87%c; Chevalier, 80c@
$1 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES, i ,
Informal Session— 0:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No . sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.- ■ -- -•-
OATS — Continue very firm, without any new
features to report.-
Grays. $1 20&1 25; whites. $1 2O«?J1 37%; Sur
prise, $1 30@l 40; black, $1 07%@l 15 for feed
and $1 20@l 25 for seed: red. $1 17%@1 20
per ctl for feed and $1 S0@l 37% for seed.
CORN — The Chicago market was heavy and
showed little change. The San Francisco
market stood as before, being dull.
Large yellow. $1 30@l 35: small round do,
$1 35@1 40; white, $1 32%@1 35 per ctl.
RYE— 77%@81^c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — Quoted at $1 C5 per cental.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Kxtras, $3 25@
3 00, usual terms; Bakers' Extras,. $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers',
$2.75@3.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Oroats,$5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4®4 29; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $0 S5@
8 35; in sacks. $6 50@S; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, {5; Green Peas, $<i SO per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay, Bran and Middlings were quoted very
firm, and Hay stood up well under : the heavy
receipts of 900 tons. A soaking rain might
soften the Hay market.- otherwise it is likely
to advance again. - It is purely a weather
proposition. . ■ •
BRAN— $17 50@18 50. . .
MIDDLINGS— 119@20 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, ] $16 50@17 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill/ $27@2S; job
bing, $28 50@29: Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal, »31©81'00; Cracked — Corn,- C0@32:
Mixed Feed. $16017. -• . . "
HAY— Wheat, $9@11 50; fancy, ?12; Wheat
and Oat, S9@ll 50; Oat, $7 50@10 50; Barley
and Oat, $7 50@9 50; Alfalfa, $S@10; Clover,
$6 50@7 50; Volunteer, $B@8 50; Stock, $5 50
@7 50 per ton.
STRAW — 30@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans rule firm, but prices show no change
worthy of note.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 30@2 40; Small White,
$2 75@3 15; Large White, $2 80@3; Pea, $3 50
@4; Pink, $1 8002 10: Red. $2 50@3; Black
eye, $3 50@3 60; Ltmaa, $4 25@4 50; Red Kid
neys, $3 5U@3 75 per ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard. $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, ?3 25@3 BO; Flax, $2 40@2 60; Ca
nary, 3tf@3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, from
Utah, 8%c; Rape, lV4@l%c; Hemp, 3}4c per lb
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25@1 C5; Greeu
$1 25®1 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There were no changes worthy of note in
Potatoes and Onions. Receipts of both were
moderate. Three cars of Sweets were offered,
besides' one carried 6ver from Saturday. Two
cars of Oregon Onions arrived. Some of the
Sweets were frostbitten and sold at the bottom
quotation, while a little extra fine stock sold
at 10c over the top quotation. Late Early
Hose for seed sold as per quotations below.
Lcs Angeles Peas and Beans were more
plentiful than of late.
POTATOES— S0c@$1110 for Burbahks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l 65; Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 2o@l 60; River Reds, $1 50@
1 «O; Early Rose, for seed,' $1 10® 1 25; Sweets
75c<ff?l for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 65@1 85 per ctl; Oregons. 81 50
@1 90.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas from Los An
geles, 6@10c; Strins Beans from Los Angeles
'itPlOc: Cabbage, 4l»@5oc per ctl; Los Angeles
Tomatoes, Sli^pl 50 »er box and $1(0:2 per
crate; Dried Peppers, 9®12VjC per lb; Los An
geles do, 15@17Vic; Dried Okra, 12Vi@15c per
lb; Carrots, 35@50c per sack; Cucumbers, £>©
50c; hothouse do, 50@75c per dozen, with $1 50
per dozen for fancy; Garlic. lVi@2%c; Los
Angeles Green Peppers, 5c; Kggr Plant, from
Los Angeles, 15@17 I / Ac;' Summer Squash, from
Los Angeles, ; Marrowfat Squash, $T>@8
per ton; Hubbard Squash, $5@8; Mushrooms,
nominal.
Poultry and Game.
The week opened with five cars of Eastern
Poultry on the market, but sales were made
at very good prices, as follows: Hens and
young Roosters, $6;' old Rocsters and old
Ducks, $5; young Ducks, $7 50; Fryers, $4 60;
Geosc, $2; Goslings, $2 50; Pigeons, $1 50;
Squabs, $2 50@3. %
Receipts of dressed Turkeys were from SO ta
85 tons. Early in the morning they sold well,
some bringing 10c, but later on the demand
slackened and the" market eased off a cent.
The general rarge of. the day Is quoted below. A
car of Eastern dressed sold at 12V>@14c per lb
llecoipts of game were heavier, being 150
Backs, but the demand was brisk and th»
market cleaned up better than for some time"
Prices stood as before.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15@18c: Live
Turkeys, 14©15c for Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings
$2®2 25; Ducks, $4 50®5 for old and $5@6
for young; Hens. $4@5; young Roosters. $4 60
@5; old Roosters. $4@4 50; Fryers, $4@4 50'
Broilers, $3 50@4 for large and $3@3 50 for
email; Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen for old and
$1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves, per dozen. $1; Hare $1 25-
Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for' Brush :
Mallard. $3@3 50; Canvasback, $2 50(33 50-
Sprig $1 75@2; Teal. $1@1 25; Widgeon? $1@
125; Small Ducks. $1; Black Jack, $1- Enclish
Snipe. $2; Jack Snipe. $1 50; Gray Geese." $3 so-
SE&iW&ftS* Brant - 6 °® 2 P"..*«n;
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Exchange reduced its prices for Cheese
%c, and the feeling was weak all over the
street. Stocks are unusually heavy and the
market is dragging under the load.
There was • no change in Butter and Erbs
Stocks of the former were moderate, but Kesl
are_ showing signs of accumulating somewhat
though there are not man-" fresh Eggs on the
market. Dealers are afraid of warmer weather
and indicated rain, and are not disposed to
Receipts were 21,900 pounds of Butter
pounds of Eastern Butter, 444 cases of- Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs, 4500 pounds of
California Cheese and 2100 pounds of Oregon
Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 25@26c per lb for fancy
and 20@23c for seconds; dairy, 17%®22c:
store Butter. 14@17c per lb; Creamery Tub, 20c;
Pickled Roll, 18@19c; Keg.- 16@18c per lb.
-CHEESE — New, . liy^<S>12c; . old. 10@llc;
Young America, 13c per lb; Eastern 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch. 34@35c for selected large.
>■ 31@33c for good to choice and 30@32c for fair;
store 24@27%c per dozen; cold storage. 205?
23c; Eastern. 20@26c.
'Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Four cars of Oranges and one of Lemona
were offered at the auction, but one car of
Mediterranean Sweets was withdrawn, owing:
to the slack demand, the cold cloudy weather
being against the trade. Another auction wnl
be held Friday. The sales were as follows:
Fancv Navel* 75c«251 70; pood to choice, 50c
«?1 05; standard do 5Ocf?l: seedlings. 5Og
75c^farcy Lemons. M91 5a :_ choice do Soc@
$1 15; common, 65c; Grape Fruit, $1 _ ..0
The Panama steamer brought up oO.; boxea
Mexican Limes. Three' cars of New Orleans
Bananas and one car of red and white Oregon
Apples also came in. /
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 50@l 75 per box for^extra, 75c
@$1 25- for good to choice and 2o@t0c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples. 75c@$l 50
PEARS— Winter kinds. 75c@$2 50 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 25@5Oc per box.
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys, $10 per barrel;
Coos Bay, $2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. «5c@$l
for standards $1 25@1 50 for choice and $1 75<iJ
2 25 for fancy; Seedlings. 75c@*l 25; Tanger
ines, $1 25<51 50; Japanese Mandarins, 75c3$l;
Lemons, 50c@|l for common and 51 50<§2 for
good to choice, and $2 50@3 for fancy; Grape
Fruit, $2«3; Mexican Limes, $1@4 50; Bananas.
$1 7. r .<?i2 75 per hunch for New Orleans and 75c
«jpl 75 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $3@4 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There is nothing new to report in this mar
ket. The feeling continues firm all around.
FRUITS — Apricots, 7@S%c for Royal3 and -8
®l3c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples. 7@S%c; sun-dried, 4@4%c;
Peaches, 5<g7%c; Pears, 4%@8%c; Plums,
pitted, 4@5%c; unpitted,. l@2c; Nectarines. 5®
5%c for red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs. 4c
for o^\ a ,^ k c . and U(J^ T5 c Per. box for white.
•>« .«. 16 * cr °P "e quoted as follows:
??7t°. S^ ■' b<S^?S : 4f >"5O's. 4%@5V4c; 50-60's.
4%&4%c; tO-70 s. 3%(8)4V4c; 70-Vs. 3%@3%c;
fc0 «?T S «T^®^^ : 80 - 100 '8. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINb— (Price per 20-lb box)? Clusters-
Imperial. $.5; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60: London Layers^ — Three-crown.
$1 35; two-crown. $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels— Four-crown 5%c; three
crown. 5ftc; two-crown. 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels. 5c: Seedless Sultanas, 8%c- Thompson
Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, 8%c
choice. 7%c; standard. C%c; prime, BVac; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice. 9c; stand
ard. 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded, 7c:
choice seeded. 6%c; do In bulk, fancy 691c
choice. 6%c per lb. '
NUTS — Chestnuts, lO^llc; Walnuts, No 1
softshell. 9%c; No. 2. 8igs%c: No. 1 hardshell
•9c- .No. 2. 7c; Almonds, 10%<312c for paper
shell, 9@10c for softshell and »>@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5(S7c for Eastern ; Brazil Nuts,
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans. Il@l3c;
Cocoanuts. $3 50(3 5.T
HONEY— Coinb. 12@12%c for bright and 109
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted.
6@6c; light amber extracted. 4@oc; dark, -4c.'
BEESWAX— 27% @29c per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago was somewhat higher, but quieter.
Liquidation has commenced in these goods.
The' San Francisco market continued dull
and unchanged.
CURED MEATS — Baccn. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium. 13%c for light.
14Vjc for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Haras, 13c: California
Hams, 12%c; Mess Beef, $10@10 60 per barrel;
extra Mes3 $11®11 50; Family. $12@12 50;
prime Mes3 Pork, $15: extra, clear. $22 r>0@23;
Mess, $18 50@19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per
pound.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8%c p«>r lb for
compound and ll%c for pure: half barrels,
pure. ll%c: 10-lb tins. 12%c; 5-lb tins. 12%c;
3-'b tins. 12%c. :.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. 10%c: three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%e per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
The Hide trade are reporting a fairly active
market In their line at maintained prices.
Stocks are not large. Tallow rules firm at the
good prices.
HIDF.S AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. 9%c: Co*
Hides. 9%c for heavy and 9@9%c for light;
Stags 7c: Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 9V^c:
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16%c; Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf. ISc; Culls and Brands.
15c; Sheecsklns. shearlings. 15@30c each; short
Wool 40@60c each; medium. 60SS5c; long
Wool! SOc@?l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt.
1 2 Ro@2 75 for larjr» and $2«?2 25 for medium.
$1 75 for small and ROc for Colts: Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for larg». SI 25®1 50 for me
dium $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer-
Fktns— Summer or red skins. SSc: fall or me
dium skins. 30c: winter or thin Rkins, 20c.
Goatskins" — Prim« Angoras, 75c,' larga and
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, T>*k<3$c per lb:
No., 2. 4Va«?5c: grease. 3c. , ..
"WOOL — Fall.' San Joaquln, fi@8c: San Joaquin
Lambs', 7}i@S%c; Middle County, 8@10c per
pound.
HOPS— 9@10o for fair and ll®12c per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers quote 10<313c
for shipment. • .
" San Francisco Meat Market.
The week opened without change in any
thing. The feeling 13 firm, as stocks are light.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF^-7%@Stfc for Steers and 6%@7o per
lb for Cows.
VEAL — Large, 7@S%c: small, 8@10c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 8SS%c; Ewes. 7%©»>c
per. lb.
LAMB — !>®9%e per lb.
PORK — Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs. 6c;
under 150 lbs. 5^@5%c; sows 20 per cent off;
boars. 30 per cent off. and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations: dressed Hors,
7@S%a
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bacs. 7e: lo
cal make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32@35c: Fleece Twine. 7%@8c.
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, 57; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 60; Wallsend.SS 50; co-operative Walls
end. fS 50; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $13;
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according
to brand.
OILS — California Castor Oil, in cases, No. 1
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
67c: raw. 65c: cases, 5c more; Lucol. 58c for
boiled and 56c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, S5c; cases, 90c;
China Nut. 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
in barrels. 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white, 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil, barrels. 37 %c; cases, 42>4c; Cocoanut
Oil, barrels. 63%c for Ceylon and SSVic for
Australian. 1 *
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil, In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20e: Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocen*.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; In
cases. 2lU.c: Benzine, in bulk. 14c: In cases.
20%c; Stl-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c; In
cases. 26V£c.
TURPENTINE— 5S%c per gallon in caaM
and 52: )n drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.05c.
Powdered. 4.90c; Candy Granulated.. 4.00c:
Dry Granulated, 4. 80e; Confectioners' A. 4.S0c;
Fruit Granulated, 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only). 4.70c: Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C, 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D, 4.10c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more;
60-lb bags, 10c more. t"o orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its enuivalent. Domlnos
half-barrels. 5.30c; boxes. 5.55c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. DECEMBER 30.
Flour, qr ska.... 5,015) Hay. tons 0W
Wheat, ctls .... 20,330 Straw, tons .... ID
Barley, ctls ....,13,240 Hops, bales .... 12
Oats, ctls 1,600! Wine, gals .... S0.800
Corn, ctls 500| Brandy, gals ... 5.70O
Rye, ctls 2.5*0; Qulcksilvr. flsks sort
Sugar, ctls 2.1<W Chicory, bbls ... 25
Beans, sks S55,Hides, No fan
Potatoes, "sks... 2.B77I Pelts, bdls I2rt
Onions, sks "GO; Buckwheat, sks. 7.-.
Brfcn. Rka RSO shorts, sks .... vr»
Middlings, sks.. 300 Leather, rolls .. t«
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 410
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 5.1261 Flaxseed, ska... 2 741
Corn Meal. sks. 1.2001
STOCK MARKET.
The feature of the morning session of the
Bond Exchange was the advance in California
Wine to $01 2.". The rise is due to the flatter
ing statement of the company's affairs. After
paying Its dividends of 6Oc monthly during the
past year It has carried a handsome surDlin
to the reserve fund. It is reported to be eTrn
ing double its dividends. al "
Gas and Electric was weaker at $4*> firtff?io
Otherwise there was nothins new VhT Ji
stocks were quiet and unchanged "
In the afternoon Alaska Packers* advanced
to $175 and Gas and Electric declined to $41 "i
Stocks ex-dlvldend yesterday wtre- riaiV
st. R. R.. ?1". Pacific Borax. $1. Geary "
The Alaska Packers 1 Association has rip
clared^a dividend of ?1 per share, payabfc f Jan"
STOCK AJTD BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. De c . 30 _ 2 p. m .
' UNITED STATES BONDS.
• Bld.Afik. . Bi,j j^gjj
"4s quar coup.ll27;il."5ii 4s qr c (new)lS9Ul40 '
4s q.uar reg..lll»ill2}i 3s quar coup.ios^ —
AUCT.ONJALES
MUG-ION SPIL-E ■'.
THIS DAY (Tunay>. Dec. :; . 1901. at «
o'ciock. we will sell ail the contents "»
the restaurant N. KM Tacit":, st.. Inciudlntf
cash register, lcffcox, gas ra\ge, gas stov"J.
tables, chairs, clo* disr^s ktchen utensi>s*.
etc. McBRIDE & %>.. Auctions »ra. '
MISCELLANEOUS B» .NDS.
Bay CPC 5s.lO8i41(i&\ Ooanii- 5s... — 10*
Cal-st 5s ...119 — , ..mbus 0 Hs.130% —
C C Wat 5s.Ul . - j. ac g 1m 4a 00 100
Kd L & P 0s. — — P' K & »; H 6s — 112
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pk&O R CS..121 —
Geary-st 5s.. — 100 FPwl-st R 6s.m"sl2O
H C&S O'is. — — Nac ECU 5s. — 97#
Do 5s B9%100%|)F & SJV5s>.t22 —
L Ang R 5s.llSVjll» ' Uerra Cal rts *— — ■
L A Lght tis.KllVi — j ; P or Ar 6l
Do gtd Ks.lOO — O!*Kn U:>%114>
Do Ktd 5s. — 1051.4 1 11910) — —
L A & P 5s. ftO — I ; P of fal Bs
Do lem 5s. lOt 10.1 UOOSiSr A. 107% —
Mkt-st C t*8.12N — L j (1905)Sr B.lOS'Si —
Do lem 5s.- — 123 } tltKi»;> itOVttll
N R Cal 6s..l12«i — \\ il!)12) 120 —
Do 5s I2U 4 — (', P Cal 1st
N Pac C 5s. 107ti — c scntfl 5t.ll0 —
N Cal R Ss.lt2Vill.t | .:'- S P BrCaW».W% —
Oak Gas 5s..mv»ll5 3 v Wat J3.mv.tl2
Oak Trans Ksl2:;*,124V" Pols 102% —
Do 1st ciislil 112 Do 4s 3d mlOl 101% ,
Oak W g 5d.lO5 — Stktn Gas 6s.lO2 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 7* 76 'Port Costa. . .^E "SS-f-*
Marin Co ... 5S — (Spring Val.. &ff — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC. A
Cent L & P. 2% 2V M Pac Light... '4J —
Eqt G L Co. 3i/s S 7 -*4 Sacramento/. — 85
Mutual — oVj S F O & E. 41 H 42
O G L & H. 51% — Pan Fran f t 6M1
Pac Gas Imp — 40% Stktn G & E S —
INSURANCE.
Firm's Fnd.245 — !
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 70% — ,L P & A....lf2 168
California ..418 — 'Mer Ex (Iiq). 18% —
Cal Safe Dp. Ill — IS F Xatlonl.r.3 —
First Natnl..33O — I :
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1940 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.SIS —
Mutual Sav. 66 — Union Trst.lMO —
S F Sav U..525 — •
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..150 — Market . . . . . 8»*i 90*4
Geary — 50% Presidio .... 33 '—
POWDER.
Giant 81 82 1 Vigorlt ..... *% 8
SUGAR.
Hana 3}; — i Kilauea .... — 12
Hawaiian .. 34 — 'Makawell ..25 —
Honokaa ... 10 10%Onomea ..j. 22 —
Hutchinson . 14', 15 iPaauhau ... 10% 10*4
• MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Paek.l74y;.177%: Oceanic S C. 37% 42%.
Cal Fruit As. 85 100 ! Pac A F A. 2^ —
Cal Wine As. 92 95 Pac C Borx.165 —
ller Exchge.UO — | Par Paint ..15 —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Cal Wine Aasn 90 50
10 Cal Wine Assn 91 0O
10 Cal Wine Assn 91 23
20 Giant Powder Con SI 30
l()0 Market-street Railway 90 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 50
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 42 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
23 Alaska Packers' Assn 173 00
10 Contra Costa Water 74 25
$4000 Los Angeles Ry os 118 25
$10OO Los Angeles Ry Cs US 3">£
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 41 73
$1000 S F & S J V bonds 122 00
$5000 S P of Arizona (1009) US S7Vi
$8000 S P Cal 1st con 5s 110 0O
5 S V Water , SO 23
Street —
$1000 N P C R R 5s 107 50
20 Pacific Lighting 45 •*>
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 CO
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — • .
200 Home '. 3 40
10O Home, s 00 0 :~"»
400 Monarch of Arizona 20 -
20>) Monarch of Arizona 19
100O Oil City Petroleum 2i>
10 Peerless 5 00
100 Superior i OS
Afternoon Session.
Board —
1000 Bear Flag at
1*0 Cala-Standard 2!»
1000 Cala-Stanciard. a SHI ::•>
100O Cala-Standard, s 9) :;i
20i)0 Cala-Standard. b 3) 32
1CG0 Cala-Standard it
100 El Dorado 25
100 El Dorado :a>
100 Kl Dorado -":
! 700 Four 5O'
1 -Hanford, b 90 ,.. 05 (0
100 Home 5 4.">
2200 Lion . 0SJ
500 Monarch of Arizona 'Sft,
1^50 Occ!dentaf_of Wi-Va JL3!
2S4 Reeu»Crude~". .'...../..."..' T.T**' iT
COO Sterling '.. jjy
MIXING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1100 Belcher 13 900 Mexican . 44
600 Best & Belch 13 1100 Mexican ' 4.1
50 Caledonia ..." 25 300 Ophir . " m
100 Challenge ... 15 1.".00 Potosi . ... K
300 Crown Point. 04 SOO Savage " " 02
300 Gould & Cry 08 1200 Sierr^Xev'da 11
500 Gould & Cry 07 400 Slerrikv/da IS
400 Hale & Nor. 14 300 Silveiflflin . S7
100 Mexican 40 €00 fnion Cvn 13
700 Mexican 46 100 Union Coa .. 1$
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 13 600 Ophir 83
100 Best & Belch 15 100 Overman .... os
100 Caledonia ... 2-1 600 Potosi 0*
200 Hale- & Nor. 15 200 Savage oe
700 Mexican 45 600 Sierra Nevda lfl
500 Mexican 43 100 Silver Hill... 32
30O Mexican 42 500 Silver Hill.. 33
600 Occidental ..OS 500 Union Con... 13
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: '
Morning Session.
1O°O An<3e3 02 400 Mexican 43
500 Belcher 13 400 JIfxican .... 41
400 Best & Belch 16 300 Mexican .... 42
1S00 Best & Belch 15 300 Mexican .... 4<J
1000 Bullion 03 200 Occidental .. 07
SOO Caledonia ... 22 300 Ophir 83
200 Chollar 06j 500 Ophir ..* 83
,=°O Cho'.Iar 08 300 Overman .... 09
1500 Chollar 07 1SO0 Potosi 03
.00 Con Cal & V.I 65 1300 Potosi 07
20O Con C & V.I 67Ui 700 Savage 0.1
yOO Gould & Cry OA 7OO Sierra Nevda 20
£2> exlcan CO 40O Sierra Nevda 13
20O Mexican 5« 100 Silver Hill .. SI
I™ M ex can • • • • M 100 Union Con... 21
522 JJ^can .... M BO Union Con... 22
™2 Mexican .... 4$ , '50 Union Con... 2C
c^2 e*! can 4fi , MO Union Con... 1"
£™ Mexican I4!> 200 Yellow Jack. 10
30O Mexican 5O
Afternoon Session.
?00 Alta 07] JCO Uextctn .... 4fl
100 Belcher 13 1100 Occidental .. 0*
200 Challenge Cn 13 J0O fcclripntal .. 84
BOO Chollar 07 SorWverftan ... on
.".OO Chollar Os 700 rotosi o«?
3OO Con Cal & V.I Ko! 100 fllvet Hill... ,T»
200 Crown Point 0.".! JOO Slvet Hill S.1
200 Gould & Cry OSi SOO Vnlor Con..i 13
500 Mexican 4T.I
CLOSING Q VQTA-tOy t <
MONDAY, Dec. 3$-i p. n.
Bid.Ask.I . .' Bid.Ask
Alpha — .«!;juktlcf 0* 07
Alta 04 ffi. Kifntt** — 0°
Andes 01 K. I^cr.arJ'aih... 01 _
Belcher 12 11 Mexic«i as ;:3
Best & Belchr 13 It Occldetal ... CS on
Bullion 03 «;|cphir hj
Caledonia.... 23 24; Overnva ..... on in
Challenge Con 14 \S\ Pctost 06 07
Chollar 0« OTiSavag*'. 05 im
Confidence ... KG 65: Scorpio! ..... — 04
Con C & Va..l 60 1 w! Seg B-xher.. 0?. C"
Con Imperial. — 02! Sierra iev... ik •«.
Con New York 01 — Silver Ull ... 3;; Vi
Crown Point.. 0.1 Ot' St. Lois .... _ 04
Eureka Con.. 20 —! Standai .... — 2 m
Kxchequer ... — 02! Syndi«e — or,
Gould & Cury 07 00|T'nionmn ... 17 is
Hale & Nor.. 14 Irtlrtah Or, r. 9
Julia — Oli Yellow Jacket 09 if
» ♦ ■ —■
U
>:
HOTEL ARRIVALS. •"
russ housh!
J B Tallman. Oakland A Splher I *. N T
J W Pratt. Seattle Miss tiSptz^r. X r
J Myers & w. Cal J s Dein i w '. L Ann
E H SImonds. Berkley Mary liBK* 1*1. Phiia ■
A Smith. Berkeley J Stbb^.i. N'^'ada
G Smith. Berkeley B J WfoW <-'!overdal»
L Cohen. Chicago L L. Gir^- ?' kou'3
"W A Joseph. Chicago W A U* m- s Jll!^
F "W Little & w. Cal A K Kl!"?. MarshfleM
Mary E Lane. Sacto I O Apr>< Los Banos
J \V Raines, Lincoln \O M L»^ur?e. <hgi>
E A Swope, Oregon I H Hou* Jose
F D Wagner. Oregon B Oaiyaj*. Cat
P S Braddy ,& fara.l J W Kton & w. K*-^a
Red Bluff J O Fit.) Cal
Mrs M H Gcard. Pa J Burfs. l/JM
Miss Mat tferar.1, Pj H J «.ltar & w. CaT
T R Berl.iett. L Ans J Mall. <■ edar Rapi.ls
A J McKav. Reno \J S IP"*"- Minnplis
F Knight. "S L Ofatstt W C\i*\ Oakland
A Lantz. Carson Vaily Mrs > Nolan. Oak. l
N C Trimmer, Cat Mrs I, c >™?. OaklU
NEW WESTERN irl.Fi.
H Osman & w." Sacto |G S l^ 1"1'- Nebraska
P C Hayes. Palo Altoi F Hej '^Mw
C L Clement. Nevada. 3 Al.'- -N Orleans
j w Phillips, ionc p s» Nr w ,-°,i;le) ani '
S A Clarke. Orosl M P ;^>- AaMejo A
D Davis. Orosi J Oa}- /T£S to
L II Oxnard. Oroul' . J «» ■ f>rden
W S Williams & w. Mrs Te»
Berkeley W L\ YreSa
H C Williams. Seattle I H Sl».\n. Bewick
C Baker. Oakland | G Cl J|B««w\ck
New South .Wfilea has?00o\ miles cf
wire netting as a^ence pictltin against
Irabblta. I l\ i
I ilPRESENCE OF FAIR SEX ADDS
MUCH ZEST TO PRESS CLUB JINKS
Organization Wexomes Ladies to the Annual Entertainment, at
Which, as Usual, Cleverest Talent in City Appears and
; Fills the Night With Delight for Those Who Were Present
I H^ HE Press Club opned its portals
I l las'? night and i'ntcd the ladies
I A tr, 1 th«? annual "jikt:." From 9
I I o-rlook until a verj late hour tho
[ B'^ 8r i r °>' allv r ;-t rr t.ai»~:efl.
I H? mug^al vrcpramme was very intcr-
I |t nLlliam 15. Barnes, appointed as
L H." a-f>oune<?d the performers and
f Hhted. the audience with apropos hu-
I , Bus ppiechcs interspersed between the
I H )crf i
I Hs El&betb Murray of the Orpheum
I I Eom^ FonpF with clever persona -
I ! Mr, Jones, the popular baritom-.
[ I a <=ofc> Bad was encored.
I Kthan M.r.d:;bergT, the violinist, ren-
I Bl thret rejections with great eympa-
I B>rg£ v Fall S a baritone solo.
I |-. Job? TtVilson. who sang important
I I at ft Tivoli before her marriage,
I :c to appear a.nd was well re-
I 111 d. - •
I ' "-'. 'I -■, oM u rstonii.n favorilps. William
f Bonald i i William EL Brown, sang
I " ■veil £S * r an( * were repeatedly en-
I l d -
I Worr* R. ing and Uom«»r Henley also
Hpfjd-^<i inter*, ing- numbers.
Bj Miff Flow pe Doane gave three songs.
[jfShe ire* in t: <\lent voice.
\m **Bil!y" Hv es was discovered in the
ita-UfiieiH-^ a:i persuaded to offer his bett
Kstunts. IIJf] ' Want tc Go to Morro" was
f tvpH re^|-.r.
f Rrfre? ■',«-. • w-rp rened. and after the
. Tivoli i "f~i anee Ferris Iiartman ylnri
' Thomas <. t] ningham entertained the
FEARS WEAPONS
IN THE COURT
t' .
.i • Lawyer at Altu-
Van:s No Armed
tan About,
d' '
ALTUR, '^ toThCin "
please, I at; : D<c. 30.— "If the Court
be permitte 'k<it no person who is armed
room," sai< ''hind the bar of the court
attorney re Gal A. Raker, the leading
Brown, the Ike defense in the case of
lynched !!•< Btgeg leader of the mob that
This was « rrien at Lookout last Muy.
fceosFion in i}**-' Opening of the afternoon
Iv ount^-fpaV* Superior Court of Motfoc
staled that he saw no neces-
sue!, an order, as he was not
■Zware of the fact that there was any one
ttbere who v.a.- trmed. District Attorney
iBonncr and Assistant Attorney General
lSturtevant slued that they were not
Inrmed and die not think that it was nec
■ •-sKury for then t 0 come to court armed.
\ Raker accepod the ruling with evident
r<!uctance. Jut what persuaded him to
Ilk lor the dis-armament order is not
tltarly undtrs-ocwj but it was at least
Wgestlve tt rrave possibilities and lent
! )lur to the pr-diction that serious things
i aj- be doing lefore Alturas sees the end
the trial.
JoLn Hutton v.is again under examinn
on this raorn.n K . H e £a id he heard a
mversatiot: - & ay 27, ;n which it was
iited thai . would put those men
•t of the r.< (; nrst c ]ear night." He
d not kno 0 m ade the remark, as
s couM no err.ize the voice of the
)eaJcer. T: s lne flrst Monday the
en were : custody of the officers
id the coir ion too - k place in the
lirroom of ..I, : • hotel at Lookout. The
I'itucss *Lat.;d ::it he di( i not recognize
fce defen'H:'i, ■_- wn - s# voice; he declared
hat he 01a ?, ; f .jj Assistant Attorncv
fcneroi r >ti u.,,, ne re cognize it. At
b 'J^°'SL i < > :t . Judge Post and Law-
w *u y '' a bri.«k argument, after
tne u ■:;.,.. was CXCU sed from tfc-3
: hand.
/ilThe next -^ ;.„ ss for t he prosecution
'*-as Myron „". a yen. Ayers stated that
he was In La t ,. t at t jj e inquests, save
the one on C| n n H a n. an< j saw all live
dead bodies j\\ j^ a( j rope s about their
•necks* the D*t4j .,rall but one were tied.
Somo one fcid ij. a^ tn c Inquest was a
farce. Jim ii-iovvU was in the crowd at
. ; Jf • - ■„.:;..
SOCIETY GIRLS WHO WILL BE IN THE FIRST SET AT THE NEW
YEAR'S EVE BALL TO BE GIVEN AT THE PALACE BY THE EN
TRE NOUS.
guests In their own way for another hour.
Dancing was enjoyed after the pro
gramme, and the entire affair proved en
joyable and in every way a success.
• * •
The main social event of this evening
will be the Entre Nous c«rtillon in the
PaJace Hotel's new ball room. It is the
Xew Year's eve assembly and german
and is the third function given by the
club this season to its members. About
130 guests will be present, all of whom are
club members, no outside invitations be
ing issued.
Supper will be served in the Maple room
and toasts will be offered.
Four of the young lad'es who will dance
in the leading sets are: Miss Virginia M.
the inquest, and said to them that they
had not heard the proceedings at the In
quest and proceeded to tell them about
it, and about how the mob came and took
the prisoners. He told them how the af
fair occurred and how he fired shots from
his revolver at the time.
Avers said that Brown told him that
Frank Hall fought the men who wore
trying to take him from the hotel. The
witness stated that in this conversation
Brown said that it was general talk in
Lookout that "these men ought to either
be pent to prison or hung." He had
smoked his cigar on the porch, and the
mob came in and came sooner than he
thought they would. This is considered
the strongest testimony against Brown
since the trial commenced.
The next witness examined was Charles
M. Lambeth. He stated that he was in
Lookout during the time that the in
ouests were held over four of the bodies.
He heard Brown say it had been general
talk in Lookout that "these men would
be hung but that the lynchc.-s came be
fore he was expecting it."
PRESIDENT ANNOUNCES
- SEVERAL APPOINTMENTS
Names Three Captains to Serve With
the Provisional Infantry at
Porto Rico.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— The President
to-day made the following appointments:
Porto. Rico, provisional regiment of in
fantry—Captains John M. Field, Frank J.
Graham, Edwin J. Griffith: first lieuten
ants. Stewart McCue, Ralph E. Gambell
and Miles K. Taulbee; second lieutenants,
Frank C. Wood, G. A. Derbyshire, Elbert
M. Robinson, William S. Woodruff. Rich
ard H. Poillon Jr., William D. Pritchard
and William L. Patterson.
Philippine scouts— First lieutenants, Am
brose G. C. Williams-Foote and John
Holtman; second lieutenants, Lorenzo
Alexis de Clatrmont, Jesse Hazeltine, Jos«
Maria del Rosario, Howard White and
Frank C. Barendt.
CONDITION OP POPE LEO
CAUSES GRAVE ANXIETY
Dispatch From Rome Says That His
Holiness Is Subject to Faint
ing Spells.
LONDON, Dec. 31.-A dispatch to a
news agency from Rome says that the
Pope Is subject to serious fainting spells.
The condition of nis Holiness is causing
grave anxiety. _ .
Queen's Health Restored.
. LONDON. Dec. 30.— King Edward and
Queen Alexandra went to Sandringham
this afternoon. Owing to the rccerJ* Ill
ness of her Majesty unusually large
crowds lined the route to the railroad
station. The Queen looked alert and
bright and showed little trace oi sick
ness. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1901.
Potter. Miss Gladys Delzelle. Miss Pau
line Ryder and Miss Doris Ileuer.
The Misses Loughborough gave an In
formal tea at their home, 1100 O'Farrell
street, Sunday. They were assisted in re
ceiving by Mrs. Keyes and Miss Keyes.
Among the guests -were: Mrs. Eugene
Lent. Mrs. Walter Magee, Miss Ethel
Dean, Miss Leontine Blakeman. Miss
Mary Polhemus, Miss Nadine Nuttall
Miss Charlotte Ellinwood. Misses Grace
and Lillian Spreckels, Miss Bertha Dol
beer and Miss Minnie JolllTe.
The officers of the Presidio gave a chaf
ing-dish party last evening at the Pre
sidio Club. It was a most informal affair.
JUDGE DECLARES
BONDS ARE VALID
Important Decision Ren
dered by Circuit
Judge Ross.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. SO.-Judge Ross
of the Federal Circuit Court to-day ren
dered a decision in the case of William
B. Brown versus John H; Drain as Street
Superintendent of the city of Los An
geles, for an injunction, and for declar
ing void the issue of street improvement
bonds Issued under tne Vrooman act, for
the improvement of Stanley avenue. The
decision is in favor of the defendant and
the bonds are held to be valid.
The case involves several points that
are vital in every city in California. The
principal point brought out the fact that
the Councils in cities affected by the
Vrooman law have the right to modify
street assessments previous to the Issu
ance of warrants for the contractor's re
muneration, and also within thirty days
after the event.
Judge Ross decided that the Vrooman
act superseded the city charter, and that
according to the constitution of th<» State
of California at the time of the adoption
of the city charter no charter provision
was valid if in conflict with a Stite law
operative at the time of the ado/tlon of
such charter. This point hau been! passed
upon previously in the same wajf by the
Supreme Court of California. /
Judge Ross in his decision said/that the
Supreme Court's decision In thd case of
Norwood vs. Baker did not involve the
merits of the front-foot assessment and
that that point was not well taken. He
said also that he Vrooman act/could not
be attacked on the ground of alleged dis
proportion of •■ assessments, op on the
ground that the matter of benefits was
not considered in relation to /he amount
of the assessments, or that tpe property
owners had not been given sufficient op
portunity to file objections /to the pro
posed improvement or to the apportion
ment of the assessments. -
The vital point of the ' decision, that
renders it far reaching lu Ha effects is
that under the Vrooman t.ct ample op
portunity is given the property owners to
make whatever objection they feel to be
just against the assessments- and that If
such objection is not mare, to tho Coun
cil in the regular way vithin the time
LEAVES ESTATE
TO HIS FAMILY
John J. Valentine Devises
Bulk of Property to
His Widow.
Creates a Trust Designed to
Protect Interests of the
Children.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 30.
Under the terms of the will of the late
John J. Valentine, president of. Wells,
Fargo & Co., which was filed to-day for
probate, the bulk of the estate is divided
among the Immediate members of the de
ceased's family. Of the $400,000 which is
said to compose the estate $110,000 goes to
the widow and the remainder, with the
exception or some small bequests, is dis
tributed among the seven children.
The will was filed by the Union Trust
Company of San Francisco, which, besides
being named as the executor of the will,
Is also the trustee for all of the children
until the youngest of them attains his
majority. The testament was executed on
August 24 of this year, when the deceased
first realized his critical condition and
bears the signatures of Nathan fateln of
1045 Santa Clara avenue, Alameda. and
C. H. Gardner of 1379 Nineteenth street,
East Oakland. ,: ,,
The proviso of the will regarding the
widow, Alice M. B. Valentine, directs that
Bhe shall receive $65,000 and the family
home in East Oakland, known as Cedar
Croft, which, including all the personal
effects and furnishings, is valued at $45,
000. Should the deceased have died by
accident his executors were charged to
increase the bequest to the widow by $20,
000 that amount to come from the pro
ceeds of an accident insurance policy.
To Samantha J. Valentine, a sister, is
left $3000. and to a niece, Frances V. Nor
vell $3000. The deceased omits to provide
for ' his sisters, Mary Emily Campbell.
Susan Ann Thomas, Curd Matlock and
Sarah J. Morrill, not because of any over
sight or want of brotherly affection or
solicitude, he says, but because they
have been amply provided for. He omits
his brother, James Thurman Valentine,
for the same reason.
All the rest of the estate, including the
life insurance, which the testator wishes
cared for to the best of advantage, is ap
portioned among the seven children as
°Edwa'rd Cahlll Valentine. $25,000; Ethel
Stein Valentine, $40,000; John Joseph Val
entine Jr., $25,000; William George Valen
tine. $25,000; Elizabeth Ruth Valentine,
$40 000- Dudley Blanchard Valentine,
$"5,000, and Phillip C. Valentine, $35,000.
The residue of the estate, which will
amount to about $20,000, will be divided
proportionately among the children.
These bequests are to be held in trust
by the Union Trust Company until the
voungest child is of age. In regard to
Edward Cahlll Valentine, Ethel Stein
Valentine. John Joseph Valentine Jr. and
William George Valentine, the proceeds
of three insurance policies, made payable
to their mother, aggregating $27,000, are to
revert to them in equal shares in case of
her death and are to become a part of
the trust funds in their behalf. Should
any of them decline to accept this provfso
the amount coming to each who does de
cline is to be deducted from the amount
of his or her bequest and interest in the
trust funds.
The income from the whole trust funds
is to be paid quarterly or semi-quarterly
to each beneficiary in the proportion in
dicated in the bequests. If any of the chil
dren die unmarried his or her bequest
shall revert to the remaining beneficiaries.
At the close of his testament the de
ceased emphasizes his injunction by repe
tition that the bequests to his children
shall be hejd in trust until the youngest
shall have attained majority.
The executors aco- empowered - to Bell
any of the property of the estate at any
time, but only with the approval of the
widow. -
LEAVES FORTUNE
TO AN ONLY SON
Will of Walter Morosco
Is Filed in Court
for Probate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 30.
The will of the late Walter Morosco
was filed to-day for probate. It is as fol
lows:
I, 'Walter M. Morosco, ■whose rightful name
is Walter M. Bishop, of the city of San Fran
cisco, county of San Francisco, State of Cali
fornia, being of sound mind and memory, do
make and declare this to be my last will and
testament in the manner following, to wit:
I direct that all of my just debts and funeral
expenses be paid in full.
I hereby state that I am unmarried, but
should any woman prove that she is my lawful
wife, I devise and bequeath unto her the sum
of $5.
1 hereby state that I have no lawful chil
dren, with the exception of Harry W. Mo
rosco, whose rightful name is Harry W. Bishop,
but should any one prove that he or she Is my
lawful child, I devise and bequeath unto him
or her, the sum of $5.
I give, devise and bequeath unto my own
son, Harry W. Morosco. all my estate, botli
real and personal, located at Krultvale. Ala
meda County, and all other estate, both real
and personal not provided for in this will.
I give, devise and bequeath unto my own
son, Harry W. Morosco, and unto my half
brother, Lewis H. Bishop. Bharo and share
alike, all my right, title and interest In the
lease of the building known as Morosco's
Grand Opera House of San Francisco, Califor
nia, together with all my personal property con
tained therein; also all cash on hand at said
theater or deposited in the banks of San Fran
cisco, California, in the name of "Walter M.
Morosco or "Walter M. Bishop.
I give, devise and bequeath unto Oliver and
Leslie Mitchell, share and share alike, all my
right, title and Interest In the theater known
as Morosco's Burbank Theater of Los Angeles,
California, together with my personal property
contained therein, also my share of cash on
hand at said theater or deposited In the banks
of Lo3 Angeles. California.
I nominate and appoint as executor of this,
my last will and testament, my half brother,
Lewis H. Bishop, to serve in that position with
out bonds. WALTER M. BISHOP.
WALTER M. MOROSCO.
The will is wttnessed by Henry Blote and
John G. Howell Jr., and is dated December
3, 1000.
A codicil dated August 21, 1901, Is as follows :
I give, devise and bequeath unto my brother,
Henry H. Bishop, all real estate in Gullford
belonging to and in my name and also $5000.
The will was written before Morosco
disposed of his Interests in the Grand
Opera-house and the Burbank Theater at
Los Angeles. The result is that his son
Harry is practically Eole heir to the es
tate. \
I/icensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Dec. 30.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Louis E. Fleming,
aged 38, and Annette T. Fleming, 20, both
of Oakland; Albert Rudloff, 29, Stockton,
and Mary Techlenberg. 22, Lodl; Henry J.
Verhellen. 37, and Ellen C. Rlley, 33. both
of Oakland: Henry R. B. Smith, 25, and
Lola M. Pritchard, 18, both of Oakland;
Timothy F. Dorgan, 32, and Mary J. Boek,
22, both of Oakland.
YOKOHAMA, Dec. 30.— General Yamachu
chl, who commanded the Japanese troops In
China, haa resigned the command of the - fifth
division of the Japanese army. The general's
action was due to the fact that public charges
of looting had been brought against him.
limit as prescribed by law there isrnd"
subsequent recourse through the courts
The decision sets forth explicitly that
under the Vrooman act the City Council
may, upon the filing of a petition of re
monstrance or by other prescribed means
of notification from a dissatisfied property
owner, modify an assessment any time
after it is made up to thirty days after
the Issuance of the warrant for the as
sessment bonds.
OAKLAND MAIDENS LIST TO CUPID
AND PROMISE TO BECOME BRIDES
Miss Grace Morgan French Will Become the Wife of Ernest
Chappell Bonner, Modoc's District Attorney, and Miss
Emma Walter Is to Be Wedded to Fred S. Schulze
OAKLAND, Dec. 30. — The engager
ment of Miss Grace Morgan
French and Ernest Chappell Bon
ner has just been announced. The
bride-to-be is a daughter of Mrs.
N. K. French and has been a. resident of
Oakland all her life. She is a charter
member of Oakland Chapter, Daughters
of the American Revolution. Mr. Bonnor
is District Attorney of I>Iodoc County
and is a graduate of the State University
and also of the Hastings College of Law.
WOMEN APPLAUD MEN
AT RABBIT SLAUGHTER
Exciting Bound-Up of Thousands of
the Animals on a Sagebrush
Prairie.
PENDLETON, Or., Dec. 30.— Three
thousand five hundred jack rabbits were
killed in an immense slaughter pen in the
Butter Creek country, thirty-three miles
west of here, Sunday. It was the great
est drive in the history of this section.
Eight hundred men and boys participated
in the massacre, cheered on by many
women.
An immense corral of wire netting had
been built on the sagebrush prairie, with
arms extending a quarter of a mile on
each side. In the center was a circular
pen 100 feet in diameter and ten feet high.
Two special trains brought clubbers from
Pendleton and Heppner, while from small
er towns the drivers came on foot and in
wagons. The drivers were lined up and
In a line two miles long, brandishing
clubs, they started toward the corral, the
rabbits being driven from cover at every
step until the corral was full to over
flowing. '
Then began the slaughter. Excited by
the scene men grew reckless and struck
right and left until maimed and dead
were piled up on all sides, the wounded
moaning in misery until some more hu
mane person returned to finish the work.
Six hundred were taken alive and the
balance were piled In five great heaps.
RELATIVES OF A MISSING
MEBCHANT FEAR FOTJL PLAY
Draft He Carried at Time of Disap
pearance Is Presented and Col
lected by a Stranger.
WILSONVILLE, Neb., Dec. 3O.-Rela
tives of Paul Egger, who has conducted
a large store in this town and who left
home December 15 for McCook, fear that
he has been murdered and robbed. When
Egger left he took with him a draft foT
$1423 and stated that he was going to
McCook to pay his taxes and order new
stock. It was learned to-day that he did
not visit the County Treasurer's office
and that his taxes have not been paid.
The draft was paid by a bank at McCook,
since which time nothing has been heard
of the missing man. The members of his
family are enlisting the aid of the authori
ties to investigate the mystery. His af
fairs are in good condition and there is
said to be no reason for his (voluntary
disappearance.
Sign With the Detroit Club.
DETROIT, Mich., Dec. 30.— The signed
contracts of Outfielder Harley, who was
with Cincinnati last year, and First Base
man Frank Dillon were received to-day
by Secretary McNamara of the Detroit
baseball club. Negotiations between the
Detroit club and Outfielder "Bill" Lange,
formerly N with the Chicago National
League Club, are off. Lange wired that
Detroit would have "to do better than
$6000," as the Boston National League
team had offered him that salary. Secre
tary McNamara declined to offer such
figures. i
Casualties at Zeefontein.
LONDON, Dec. 30.— The War Office to
day issued a. further list of the British
casualties at Zeefontein, showing that
fifty men were wounded and that 246 were
made prisoners. The latter have all been
released. \
TWO OAKLAND GIRLS AND A SAN FRANCISCO BELLE, THE RECENT
ANNOUNCEMENT OF WHOSE ENGAGEMENTS HAS INTERESTED
SOCIETY ON BOTH SIDES OF THE BAY.
He is a Mason of high standing, being
past master of Alturas Lodge, F. and A.
M. The wedding will take place in the
spring.
The engagement of Miss Emma Walter
and Fred Schulze has been announced.
Miss Walter Is the daughter of Otto Wal
ter, who has been connected with tho
firm of H. S. Crocker & Co. for many
years.
Mr.-scnuize is "associated in business
with his father In West Oakland. The
date for the wedding has not yet been
set, although it will probably take place
some time in February.
• * •
An engagement of social Interest on
both sides of the bay has just been made
public, it being that of Miss Flora King
or San Francisco and Percy C. Black of
this city. Mr. Black is one of Oakland's
young attorneys. For the past four years
he has been Identified w'tn the law firm,
of Reed & Nusbaumer. The groom-to-be
graduated with the class of '92 from the
Oakland High School, and previous to
that date was prominent in athletic cir
cles, being captain of the Low senior
baseball team of '91.
The bride-elect is the elder daughter of
Dr. and Mrs. W. Z. King of San Fran
cisco. The Kings were formerly residents
of Chlco and are related to several of the
most prominent families in that part of
the State. Dr. King is secretary of the
PROMINENT GHAUT XING
SUCCUMBS TO PNEUMONIA
Frank H. Peavey, Well Known
Throughout the Country, Dies
Unexpectedly at Chicago.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30.— Frank H. Peavey,
one of the best known grain men in the
country, died here to-day of pneumonia,
aged 51 years 11 months.
Peavey came to Chicago from his home
in. Minneapolis nearly two weeks ago on
a business trip. He was in his usual per
fect health, but ho contracted a cold and
took to his bed in the Auditorium Annex.
The cold quickly developed into pneumo
nia and the patient's friends and rela
tives were notified, although it was ex
pected he would recover. Yesterday it
was believed that Peavey had success
fully passed the crisis of his illness and
up to midnight information from the bed
side was of a very encouraging character.
At that hour, however, the patient's
breathing became more difficult and his
heart action weaker. A hurried consul
tation of physicians followed and every
thing known to science to combat the
malady was done. At 2 a. m. Peavey
lapsed Into unconsciousness and the fam
ily, which surrounded him, .was informed
that the end was approaching. At 3:20
the great grain man breathed his last.
Peavey's wife was with her husband all
through his Illness, having left a sick bed
herself in Minneapolis to come to him.
Peavey was credited with being the
largest owner of grain elevators In the
country, if not in the world. The sign
"P. V." was a familiar one on grata
warehouses throughout the grain produc
ing States In the West and Northwest
along the lines of the railroads. At rail
road terminal points he had large hold
ings, his Interests in Chicago being par
ticularly heavy. His name for years has
been potent on the boards of trade here
and in the Northwest.
Peavey carried $1,376,000 Insurance on his
life. The million-dollar policy was paya
ble to himself or his heirs, but its pur
pose was the furnishing of ready capital
for the business in case of his death.
Replies to American Note.
THE HAGUE, Dec. 30.— M. Komaroff,
tho Russian chamberlain, has handed to
Professor Asser, one of the Dutch mem
bers of the permanent arbitration court
and arbitrator of the claims of Ameri
can sealers on the seizure of their ves
sels by the Russian Government about
six years ago, Russia's reply to the last
note of the United States on the subject
of tho Bering Sea fishing difficulties.
Court Protects the Forests.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 30.— The United States
Court of Appeals here to-day affirmed the
decision of the Wyoming United States
District Court, convicting John T. Teller
of Colorado of unlawfully cutting 150,000
feet of lumber from Government land in
Carbon County, Wyoming. The court
considered that timber on public lands
m V st A e u pro £ ec i ed ' since Jt o"en com
prised the chief value of the land. •
Rioters Out of Prison.
The thirteen soldiers convicted by Judge
Conlan on the charge of disturbing the
peace by taking part in the riot Christmas
night in front of Tarpey's saloon on
Baker street were .taken from the City
Prison yesterday afternoon by a sergeant
and guard. They will be mustered in to
day and leave on the transport for Manila
to-morrow.
State Dental Association. The wedding
will be a church affair and wlil take place
after Easter. The young people will make
their home on this side of the bay. The
bride will be an acquisition to Oakland
society, as she is a charming girl and a
talented musician.
A tea will be given on January 11 by
Mrs. King at her residence on Capo
street. In San Francisco, when the en
gagement will be formally announced to
their friends.
At a dinner given on Christmas day Mr.
and Mrs. Christian Kley announced the
engagement of their daughter. Miss Ber
tha Marie Kley, to G. Albert Dahlke. The
young lady is an accomplished musician
and is also an expert athlete.
Mis3 Irene Baker was the hostess at a
pretty dinner this evening, given to the
members of her bridal party. During tho
dinner the matron of honor and brides
maids were each presented with a beau
tiful crescent pin set with pearls. The
guests were Mr. and Mrs. Harry Baker,
Miss Florence Hush, Miss Gertrude Al
len. Miss Led a Lieh of San Jose. Miss
Bessie Palmer and Messrs. Dr. "VV. B. Ste
phens. Ray Baker, Roy Lleb, E. ft. Syers
and Dr. John Grlasim. I —^
• * •
xhe marriage of Miss Mary E. Roberta
of this city and Philip J. McUrath c!
Hawthorne, Nevada, was solemnized this
evening at the residence of Dr. A. Fina
on Jackson street, where Miss Roberta
has made her home for the last lew
years. The wedding waa quite unosten
tatious, the ceremony being witnessed by
a few- relatives only. The bride was mar
ried m her traveling gown, a tailor
made suit of dark blue cloth. A large
white, hat completed the stylish costume.
The only ornament worn was a sunburst
of diamonds, the gift of the groom. Miss
Kittle McGrath was bridesmaid and was
also attired in a suit of blue, with a
white hat. The groom was attended by
Thurman G. Roberts.
The families of both bride and groora
are well known in California and Ne
vada, James D. Roberts, the brides
father, being a pioneer of this State and
for many years identified with the his
tory of Carson City, Nevada, where he
now resides. For the past three years
Miss Roberts has been a teacher in th»
Lafayette School.
The groom Is a native of California
and a son of the late James McGrath,
long a prominent railroad official. Mr.
McGrath is connected with the Southern
Pacific also, holding the position of as
sistant superintendent of the Nevada di«
vision under R. J. Laws.
The bride was presented by her recent
pupils with a set of gold black coffes
spoons, the gift of her associate teachers
being a silver bonbon dish.
A pretty wedding was that of Miss
Mattie J. Ludwig and Frederick Irwln
last evening at St. John's Episcopal
Church, the Rev. Martin Ray officiating.
The bride wore a gown of white satin
trimmed with chiffon, a . wreath of
crange blossoms and a flowing veil. She
was attended by Miss Laura Trenchell
as bridesmaid, dressed in white organdie
over pink. A feature of the ceremony
was the presentation to the bride of a
bouquet of pinks by Robert Crowley, a
young son of Dr. D. D. Crowley, as she
was leaving the church.
Mr. and Mrs. Irwin will hold a recep
tion at the home upon their return from
a wedding trip in the northern part of
the State. The bride is the daughter of
Zacharlag Ludwig of 1003 Webster street
and is well known as a church organist.
The groom holds a responsible position
with the Southern Pacific Company.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 30.— Robert Hawxhurst
Jr.. son of Mr. and Mr3. Robert Hawx
hurst of Union street, and Miss Elsie
Burrall Nickeus were wedded in Hono
lulu on December 11 at the home of Dr.
C. B. Cooper. The officiating clergyman
was the Rev. William Morris Kincald.
The bride, who has resided in the islands
for the past year, was on her way from
Hilo to Honolulu to join her father. John
son Nickeus, when she learned of his sud
den death. She was thus left alone, her
mother and sister being in New York. The
couple were to wed next June, but th*»
bereavement of Mr. Hawxhurst's fiancee
caused the change in the date. The
groom Is a civil engineer and at present
is engaged upon the Kona railroad project
in the Hawaiian Islands.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ULU 1 ULIiUi
Men and women who hava
reached advanced years cf life
need a medicine to tone up the
system and strengthen the stom-
ach and kidneys, which after so
manv years' faithful service have
become weakened. The best med-
icine to meet their needs is Hos-
tetter's Stomach Bitters. Do not
fail to trv it. ;
Grandfather John Harris, Claytonville.
Kans., says: "I have 'used your Bitters
and attribute my long life and continued
good health to its use." ,
STOMACH BITTERS
■ ■ii ■■■IWJWII ii T^— llfciilfcii iW'iHl 1 ill ill ijiiii iirfi»l m fin ih. uTTk-imnW t IM iii iJli Mm
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL. ,•
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
! BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
C3» McAllister street: open until »:30 p. m-
315 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m .
106 Elex-enth street: open until 8 p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. «*•
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftreets; open until 9 p. m.
22O0 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG XOTICES.
"A NICHT In Auld Scotland." — The v XV N^
S. F. Scottish Thistle Club will A \t&1
hold Its 20th Annual Hogmanay "t{MJ2>
Supper and Ball at Native Sons'
Hall. 414 Mason st, TUESDAY EVENING.
Dec 31. 1901. Grand march at 8 p. m. Sup-
per at 11 p. m. Tickets, Jl 50 each, to be
had of the members or at the hall on nlgrht
of festival. Hat and cloak rooms at disposal
of euests.
GEORGE MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEO. W. PATERSOX. Recorder.
HAKALAU PLANTATION COMPANY, office
327 Market st. San Francisco, Dec. 31, 1901:
Annual meeting— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 327 Market Et.. In the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California, on
WEDNESDAY the 15th day of January,
3902, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
■the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
purpose of amendine article III of the by-
laws of the company, relating to the annual
meeting of stockholders and for such other
business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Jan-
uary 4, at 12 o'clock m. By order of the
president. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from L. Lagomarslno, in the
Homy mine, near Sierra City. Sierra Co.. to
deposit tailings on a flat; from R. H. War-
ren and E. F. Jones, in the Hardscrabble
mine, near Oak, Shasta Co., to deposit tail-
ings in Clear Creek, and from Joseph Rup-
. ley. In the Negro Flat placer mine, at Negro
Fiat, El Dorado Co., to deposit tailings in
Necro Gulch, gives notice that a meeting
will be held at room 59, Flood building. San
Francisco, Cal., on January 13, 1902. at 1 :30
p. m.
AXNCAL MEETING SPRING VALLEY
WATER WORKS— The annual meeting of the
Ftockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Works will be held at the office of the com-
rany. 126 Stockton st.. San Francisco. Cal.,
st 12 o'clock m. on WEDNESDAY, the 8th
day of January. 1902. to el«:t trustees to
serve for the ensuing year and for *he trans-
action of such other business as may be-
brought before the meeting. San Francisco,
December 26. 1901.
PELHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
THE anuual meeting of the stockholders of The
Nev?da National Bank of San Francisco.
Cal.. v-i"! be held at its banking-house, 301
Mc-nt*. rr.ery st, San Francisco. Cal., on
TUESDAY, January 1*. 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
r. m.. fir the election of directors to serve
;..r tha ensuing: year and the transaction of
«jch ctl.er business as may come before the
rr.PetinK GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
Pan r'-nncisco. December 13. 1901.
AGENTS WASTED.
NKTV book — "Theodore Roosevelt, Patriot and
■" utesrr.an"; thrilling interest; profusely II-
!£tra;r-i: low price; liberal terms; outfit
■ rf^. .'iEGLER CO.. S22 Dearborn. Chicago
ASPHALTl'M KOOFIXG.
CITY AEPHALTUM CO.. 632 Market St. — Roofs.
sidewalks, floors; cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPE written out. prospects, qualiflca- !
tion. undertakings, difficulties avoided, your !
lucky days, successful ventures by mail If I
desired. RAYMOND. 093 Market St.. room 4.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty .quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings byappointment;phoneJohn31Sl.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
R. W. KING, attorney. Examiner building 6th
floor; all cases; fees low; estates, collections
etc: consultation free; no advance fees; open
evenings.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections-
attachments; mortgages; bills of sale ; partner-
ships: deeds; wills drawn: no fee unless buc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. ■«".
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 027 Mar-
ket ft: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES For Sale or E:change.
NEW Mcycles for children, men and women;
Jarpest assortment on the Pacific Coast
BAKER & HAMILTON'. Pine and Market sts.
ALLEN can fill your every want in the bicycle
line: Columbia. Hartford, Vedette, Eureka
sr^ ?pcona-hand bicycles. 301 Larkin st.
BOOKS — SEW AXD OLD.
FOR astrological, occult, metaphysical books
" -> \V2a Market St.. S. F.
BUSINESS CHASCES.
A — f 1250 — DEATH in family causes the owner
of one of the best-known, best-located coffee I
and chop houses to take in a partner; a rare
chance for honest and active man. See R. G.
WILKE. 20H Kearny 8t
A— $3200; CORNER saloon; choicest location;
place clears above $250 per month; rent $75.
This is a rare chtnee. Call R. G. WILKE.
2C^ Kearny st.
A— 4300; BRANCH bakery and confectionery;
close to large schools; living rooms; rent $20;
value in eight Call R. G. WILKE 26^
Kearny st.
A — $C50; COAL and wood yard, with 4 horses
and 2 wagons; business is located in Oak-
land; established years and first-class pay-
ing. All particulars R. G. WILKE, 26»i
Kearny st
A — $400; SALOON on water front; rent $20;
good paying business; investigate at once; a
rare chance. Inquire R. G. WILKE 2C J «>
Kearny st.
A— CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; Etock at invoice: location can't be beat
Call R. G. WILKE. iC'A Kearny et
A— $1000; CORKER grocery and bar on Taylor
Et; rent $25; place established many years
and doing a good bupiness; value in Eight
Call R. G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny st.
A— $600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant: es-
tablished years; first-class paying; located
close to Chrcr.iclo building; bargain- call
soon. R. G. W lLrUS. 20^, Kearny et
HEALY &. HENDERSON, phone James 2771
« Eddy St., rooms IS and 1!».
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
etores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases
Money to loan on any of the above.
A — ?123; BRANCH bakery; good trade- 3
rooms; rent $12. STRAND, 209 Kearny st
A— $200; DELICACY etore; good trade- Sixth
et; 2 rooms; rent $15. STRAND, 209 Kearny.
*65G— GROCERY and bar; 4 living rooms; iH
Mission; good business; splendid location
MILES & CO.. fr27 Market St.. room 20S
GOOD paying restaurant; whole or half inter-
ost for sale. DONALD INVESTMENT CO
t>50 Market st ''
$175 WILL buy a' restaurant; good rushing lo-
cation; bargain. Call quick at McBRIDE &
CO.'S. 7C5 Market st; phone 3433.
A — THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 50 to *8
• dally. Ask C. L. HEDGES. 4e2 Parrott bldg
$325— PARTNER in chop house; $175 cash-
pay bal. out of business. DECKER, 921 Mkt
FOR sale cheap: established dental office- best
location. Address A. B. C, Oakland. '
FOR SALE — First-class fruit and vegetable
store. Call f>57 Geary et
BAKERY for sale; shop trade; over 2 barrels a
day. Box 30ii«, Call. oarreis a
$450 WILL buy a saloon on water front Armly
12 Jack*on «t. •
A GOOD chance for a live man to go into the
wood. coal. hiiy. grain and general com-
mission business In the lively city of Peta-
' luma; a large frontage on the water front,
with all the buildings, scales, horses,
■u-agons, etc., for doing a large business;
right !n center of the city: reasons of sell-
»• ing. other business. Apply to GEO. W
JOHNSON. &. CO.. Petaluma.
$450— RESTAURANT suitable for man and
wife; good business; must be sold. Bex 3154,
Call office.
CANDY store and factory with living room for
eale account illness. 2474 Mission st.
6ALOOX for sale cheap; long lease; one of the
best paying saloons, in the city: a few doors
from Call building. Apply 57 Third st.
ESTABLISHED wholesale and retail fruit and
produce business; good location; two teams.
Box 3086, Call office.
FOR Sale — A good planing mill In a lumber
yard; located In a growing town. Address
P. O. box 458, Healdsburg, Cal.
FOR SALE — Established undertaking business
in Oakland. Box 63. Alameda. . -
*~* COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor. 816 Market st; advice free. Tel. Bush
134; able body of attorneys. .
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
60-ROOM HOUSE. SURE TO CLEAR ....
....$300 EVERY MONTH. PRICE $3500
Payments to cult. DECKER. 1020 Market.
1S-ROOM HOUSE: RENT ONLY $50
Price Only $650 — Payments
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
86 ROOMS; 2 entrances; clears $200 $1900
10 rooms; downtown; clears $80 700
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 1900
18 rocms; sunny corner 1000
22 rooms; transient: clears $150 1250
23 rooms; clears $100 050
100 rooms; cleans $400 6000
60 rooms; clears $350 3600
10 rooms: on Eddy st
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE..
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 790.
A — " Near the Call building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodging-
houses or on real estate.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terras. Please call.
21 r. ; One location: clears $115 mo $1500
30 r.; splendid, sunny corner that clear* $1JW
month; on account of sickness owner will
cell for part caeh or exchange for smaller
rooming-house or for real estate $4000
23 r. ; low rent: clears about $60 month.. 600
10 r. : rent $35; clears $35 300
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
SPECIAL SALES •
10* r. : low rent, long lease; flrst-class, modern.
6 r. ; modern flat; rent $40; elegant $650
34 r. ; pri. board. ; lst-class loc. ; clears $200.3500
28 r.; rent $125; trans., perm.; clears 150
24 r.;rent $S5; elegant fur., carp ....2500
17 r.; rent $45; cor.; oak fur.: clears $100. S50
11 r.: Jones residence; nice home 600
CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE
A NOTICE — Before buying a house call on
A. H. RETSLOFF,
(Tel. John 531.) 90G Market st., cor. Ellis.
Largest list Lowest price Best terms.
21 rooms; Al location; payments $1000
8 rooms: just listed; good 300
18 rooms; well furnished; 'bargain 1250
35 rooms; clears $200; exclusive sale... 3000
10 rooms; best in city; payments 600
Fine flat for rent. Apply at RETSLOFF' S.
A — NOTICE — All buyers of lodging-houses will
find it to their advantage to call upon us.
We have great many large and small houses
on our books and stand ready to give you
reliable information and help you with money
at low rate of interest WINSTON & WOLF,
1026 Market: phone Jessie 2211; photograph
gallery entrance.
McBRIDE & CO., 7C5 Market st— We have 65
lodging-houses on list, many cheap and good.
Before buying Investigate our list.
A — NOTICE: — We have rooming-houses, all
sires and prices. In all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Markt.
A ROOMING-HOUSE. 17 rooms; rent ?30; full
of men; good location; cause sickness; price
$350. 2SUj Clay st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY' S New Year^"«a^ice^to^nlght
50c; independent slate writing and trumpet
seance; enp-age your seats; phone Larkin
10S6. 1052 Kllis, bet. Franklin and Gough.
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous material lz-
lng medium; spirits speak face to face: seance
Tues., Frl.. Sun.. S p. m.; 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
BROCKWAY, 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin anil
Ooueh; phone Larkin 10S6 — Seances Sun..
Tues., Thurs., 8:15 p. m. ; readings, 10 to 5.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, SI;
letter. $2. 1104 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
A — PROF. GEE. 1OS Sixth st; readings, 50c,
$1; circle Tues.. Thur., Frl. night, 10c
MME. YOUNG'S test and watch meeting to-
night, COS McAllister, 10c; proph. for 1902.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-nieht. also
TTed., 10c: watch meeting also. 132 Sixth.
W. G. KEEGAN holds EDlrttual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 Sixth.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. .T35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ONE" DOLLAR!?. 6i^~DOLLAR!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
- SIR HENRY PRICHARD. •
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London.
Have a psychic or palmistry reading and
know thy future and prospects for 1902.
$1 00! $1 00! $1 00! $1 00!
His Regular $5 00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR ONE DOLLAR
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, ecttles lovers' quarrola, r»-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
how to control or influence any one you love
or meet; no charge unless you find him superior
to all . others. Hours, 10 to 7 daily; 10 to 5
Sundays.
Reception rooms, 13, 14, first floor.
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD. '
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, nest Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45C9.
MRP. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 120C Mar-
ket st. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
20; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT. S
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when . others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk st; readings by mail.
THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTS.
Just what you want to know; choice of three
expert palmists and clairvoyants; no matter
whom you have been to we convince all. 007
Kearny et, parlors 1, 2, 3.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 215 % 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladles50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 82CA Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques. ; full names, 50c-$l ; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., near 4th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: la-
dles 2£c; gents 5Oc: readings dally. 132 Sixth.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; lad. 25c;
gents 50c. 051 Mission. nr.Cth; open Sundays.
MRS. MALLORY, 1)17 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
50c and $1— PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant; sci-
entific palmist; card reader. 1007% Market.
MME. ZELLA, clairvoyant and card reader;
25c and 50c. 783 Vj Market st ; bring this ad.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 059 Folsom, cor. 6th.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dium, price $1. 519% Leavenworth st", S. F.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
haa removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names glx-en; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
CARPET nEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama nt. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
Sc renovated, relald. 104 14th st;te!.Capp 2542.
AD .Y A £ C . E Carpet-cleanta* Co - 402 Sutter st:
tel. Main 304. GEO. WA LOOM & CO.. Prop.
MODERN C O.; steam cleaning: laying; clean-
ing or. floor. Phone Mint 301; 023 Mission.
H rp D ?™ P S & ,£°,- carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison tt: tel. Mission 203.
C( im KLI M S s , u '? erlor Carpet-cleaning Works.
a^3 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.,
CITY c. v ?i e ,?™ Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEIENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
J "v?tin MITCH £^ I *, C i rpet - cleanln S a™* Reno-
_ZgH^C^240 UtrWBt; tel. MlFBlon 74.
~~^_C° TT A GES TO LET~ ~~~~~
~_ DEXTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINSV 927 MMketV^Z;
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at' reason
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other mi
■ ings. ?1; gold and porcelain crowns $5 un-
plates, a full set of teeth that look naturai
and guaranteed, $5 up. ™
Painless extraction. *
I do flrst-class work only and guarantee it.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lirt -class- prtPcs- lht-
class results. W. C. HARDING.M.D., dentist !
room 24, 14 McAllister Et;palnlesa extraction' j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TIKSDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1901.
__^__^EjyTfSTS~CoJi tinned.
EIGHT ptizes. for best" cro^Tis, plates, bridges
and miings;- extractions 'or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; • no students; . advice free; prices
cheapest : and v guaranteed : lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., extractions done paln-
lessly;teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free,$4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m to 9 p m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns. $3 50;fllllngs 50c;
plates $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth St.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st — Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates. I
PARIS Dental Parlor*. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction,
BOc. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815=4 Geary.nr.Larkln— Paln-
less ext, 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135..
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
__^ DOG SPECIALIST.
DR. ED WARD N. LEAVyT canine specialist,
late of New York City, has just located at
000 Jones St.. where he will administer to the
ailments of domesticated animals; office hours
10 to 3: telephone Kate 20S5.
DOG HOSPITAl,s7~
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st .
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
SECOND term night school for men, Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and Ellis
sts.; 15- week courses, beginning January ti;
bookkeeping course $5, electrical course $5,
Knglish course $3, stenographer's course $4;
classes In algebra, Anglo-American history,
architectural drawing, arithmetic, assaying,
bookkeeping, civil government, civil service,
commercial geography, commercial law, elec-
tricity, elocution. English, .free-hand draw-
ing, geometry, German, mechanical drawing,
vocal music, naval architecture, penmanship,
political science, social economics, steam en-
gineering, stenography and typewriting. Ap-
ply at office for hours and tuition prices. A.
A. MACURDA, Educational Director; H. J.
McCoy, General Secretary.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and, shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F. ;
catalogue free.
ATHES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $S per month: $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university. Jaw and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg-
CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
modern .methods; positions for all graduates;
new tiO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mlning.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, eve. ; est. 1804.' Van
der Naillen School, J13 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $00. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
ACTING — Hallett School: Il7 Harry Gates,
eminent actor, engaged for winter term open-
ins January. Alcazar Theater building.
COMPETENT lady piano teacher; gives lessons
reas.; easy method. 847 Halght; tel. Page 65.
C. Hoffman, European tenor & voice builder;
Ital. rneth. ; concert & oratario. 1017 Sutter.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher, 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary St.;
. day and even, classes; send for new circular.
Chicago Business College, 1455 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep.; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Pest st, S. F. ;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre.
pared for the stage. 125 Mason St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
10 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
EJI^LOVMENT OFFICES!
A. S. NAKO. 509 Bush st. Main 1G40 — Japan-
ese contractor and employment office; con-
tracts taken for general farming help, sugar
beet field help, canneries or factories.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO KI-
NOSHITA. 1233 Page. cor.Lyon;tel.FeII 8501.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooi s, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. .".15 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
E3IPLO VJIEXT WANTED — FEMALE.
SITUATION required by thoToughly'donieltU
cated Englishwoman; good seamstress. Call
mornings or write to 427 V^ Bryant st.
WANTED — -Position as stenographer with reli-
able city firm; good references; salary mod-
erate. Box 3156. Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants work by the
day washing, ironing-, housecleaning; $1" and
carfare. 4 Elizabeth place, off Folsom St.,
between Third and Fourth.
COMPETENT cook. Nova Scotia Scotch wo-
man, wants situation In private family.
1231 Market et
A COMPETENT woman wishes work by day
washing. Ironing and housecleaning. 417
' Stockton st.
GIRL wishes cooking and downstairs work;
good reference. Apply at 2828 Twenty-fourth
st," near Bryant ave.
WANTED — Position as second girl In private
family. Address 260 -Thirteenth st. •
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
FIRST-CLASS coachman and valet; neat ap-
pearance, sober, willing and obliging; expert
horseman. and driver: fine all-round man- best
city references. M. M.. 832 Mission st. city.
A GROCERY clerk, 3 years' experience and 2
In general merchandise, would like to find a
situation; Al reference. Box 3155, Call.
SITUATION wanted by German baker; second
hand on bread; city or country. Address G.
A., 278 Minna st.
WANTED— Position on farm as working. man-
ager by competent farmer and fruit grower:
having ■ help, able to work. Box 3030, Call.
MAN . familiar with the city will drive and
care for nne or two horses. Box 2541, Call.
YOUNG man (Swede) wishes situation as
coachman and gardener or as assistant gard-
ener; beit references. Address box 3093,
Call office.
YOUNG man, German, good habits, wants
position In private family. Box 3098. Call. •
YOUNG mat, aged 23 years, would like posi-
tion In mercantile house with chance for ad-
vancement: Box 3097, Call.
WANTED — Position on ranch as working man-
ager by competent farmer and fruit grower
and having help: small salary with advan-
tages; shares or would lease If suitable Box
3030. Call oiflce. '
WANTED by well educated, energetic and re-
• liable . young man of 26, . salaried . position
$75; six years' experience In office work-
thorough accountant. Box 3119, -Call office.
MALE professional nurse from Denver wants
.situation; best of references;- will, go ■ any
place. , Box 3063. Call , office. .
BY a 'competent man's situation n;? ' fireman
jo -.stationary toiler or night watchman :' in
I or new-city. Adorer* I. H. D., 423 Tehama.
COMPANIES "^ "promotedT~~gaaranteed and
. . financed, stock taken In payment for serv-
ices ; good - propositions wanted ; gold Bonds
furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post St.-
PACIFIC . Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
PACIFIC Home Building Co.— New. series of
shares now open; pays interest and dividends;
a reliable paying investment. 30 Neva da BIk.
. FLATS TO LET.
OAK, 1909 — Flat to let and furniture for sale;
new; never been used; frescoed ceilings;
marble vestibule; all modern improvements;
looking out on park; rent $37 60; can be seen
between 11 and 3 o'clock. t
A — NEW, elegant, opposite park, 6 rooms, por-
celain baths, social room, nice yards, large
basements; Sixth ave.. near Fulton st. v
TO let — Han-Jsome new flats near ' Van Ness
ave. ; 7, 8 and 9 rooms and bath. Apply G.
H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
NEW upper flat, 6 rooms and finished attic;
elegant location, view and grounds;- N.W.
cor. Waller., bet. Pierce and Stelner.
HAYES, 1778, near Park — Sunny upper flat, 4
roomg, bath; rent $15: water free.
$1B — UPPER flat, I rooms. 631 Grove st.
$27 50 — NEW modern flat of 7 rooms, bath,
basement and yard. 4034 18th, near Castro.
$16— FIVE sunny large rooms, upper flat 127
. Page, between Gough and Octavla.
PLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
ELEGANT 6-room sunny flat, furnished, 1
year, with reference. Box 3049, Call.
$25 — 1517 GOLDEN GATE; middle floor, fur-
nished; 4 rooms, bath; piano; garden. 1 to 4.
FLATS WANTED.
PAPERING room, $3 up; painting reasonable.
Painter. 502 Stanyan St.; phone Park
FURNITURE FOB SALE.
FOR SALE — Bargain; furniture of 2 rooms
complete; nearly new. 16 Montgomery ave.,
top floor.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market st. ; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture ; tel. Red 1354.
TEL. Jessie 76L before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
CHRISTMAS present— DanlcheS glove order;
factory price cuar. ; kept in repair. 12) Grant
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A — MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, city, $30; 0 waitresses, city and
country, .$20 and $25; 2 waitresses, $25, sleep
home; dinner waitress, hotel, $15; 4 cham-
bermaids to wait, $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, no washing, '$30; country cook, 3 in
family, $30; cook, and second, $45; waitress,
$20; woman with a child, country, see party
here 0:30; nurse girl, $15. MRS. M. E. DAY
& CO., 335 Geary st.
WANTED — Parlor maid and waitress, short
distance, $25, see lady this forenoon; 6 hotel
and restaurant cooks, $30 and $35; 14 girls
for cooking, plain wash and housework, $25
and $30; 4 second girls, $20 and $25; 8 walt-
■ resses. city and country, $20; nurses, $20;
man to run separator and wife as cook. $50,
and many others. Apply to J. F. CKSSETT
& CO.. 33-i Sutter st.
WANTED— Working girls; the S. F. HAIR-
DRESSING COLLEGE teaches you In 2
weeks hairdressing, manicuring, massage,
shampooing; entire course $5: eve. classe*;
positions guaranteed; more calls for help than
we can fill. College, 233 Geary st, r. 13-13.
WANTED— Girl to do cooking and down
stairs work; must be experienced and have
city references. Call between 10 and 12 to-
day at 2604 Pacific ave.
CALIFORNIA College of Hairdressing and
Massage; leading school of the West; prepares
young ladies for the latest and most profit-
able profession for women; full course $5.
Supreme Court bldg;., 305 Larkln St.; take
elevator; visitors welcome.
A COLORED girl for general housework, short
distance country. Calf 233 : Devlsadero st,'
. near Haiirht.
AN experienced saleslady In crockery, - glass-
ware and kitchen supplies; state age, expe-
rience and references. Apply box 31C5, Call.
FINISHERS and tuckers on ladles' shirt
waists. BAUER BROS. CO.. 21 Sansome st
WANTED — Good restaurant waitress, $7~~a
week. 7 Taylor st. . t
EXPERIENCED cook and general housework;
small German family; 10 to 12. 1800 Sutter.
A GERMAN girl for general housework.. Call
nfter 10 a. m., 1053 Market St., upstairs.
WANTED — Girl to do housework and under-
stands dressmaking; 2 In family. 13S Twelfth.
GIRL to assist in general housework. 3G39
Twentieth st, near Valencia.
COMPETENT girl for cooking and housework;
small family; good wages. 2520 Green st.
OPERATORS at Levl btrauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, 32ft Fremont St.; no experience
remssary; good pay, steady work. Apply to
f-'R. DAVIS.
ASSISTANT cashier and wrapper in flrst-class
shoo store; must be quick and neat; steady
position; good salary; more If a typewriter;
state experience. If any. Box 3129, Call office.
A GIRL to do light housework in Alameda; 2
In family; gobd home; references; $2 a week.
Box 2006, Call office. .
GIRL for general housework; $20: references.
J Call mornings or after 4 p. m., 2967 Howard.
A REFINED lady to travel: references re^
quired. Box 3028, Call office.
GIRLS wanted—^Bookblndery. 536 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED pressers and folders on negll-
gee shirts. LOWENBERG & CO., 27 JeBsie.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and EUbscrlptlons
received at Call branch office.2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
HELP WANTED— MALE.
PIANO player for country, $1 to $1 50 day and
found; boarding-house cook, $40 and found;
restaurant second cook, $60; hotel waiter,
$25, fare advanced: dishwashers and others.
J. F. .CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
FOREMAN for sawmill, $100 month; creamery
man and wife,' $50; fruit farmer and wife,
$40; 2 drivers for milk wagons, $30 and $40
and found; farmers, $1 day; 3 carpenters for
country, $3 to $3 50 day; cut-off sawyer,
$2 25 day; band sawyer, $2 25 to $2 50 day;
box nailers; poultryman; woodchoppers; tie-
makers, and' others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay st. —
Farmer and wife for orchard $35
6-mule plow teamster .$30
Farmer for orchard and vineyard .$20
Cook and dishwasher, hotel $50
Cook and wife, hotel $50
Young man for wine cellar $7 a week
Gardener and milk 2 cows $25
BUTLER, with good references for city; $45 a
month and found. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton.
FOR Sale — Flrst-class barber shop, with 0
chairs. 14 electric lights, first-class wash-
stand, 6 large mirrors, S looking-glasses, 1
large mirror about 8 feet long by 18 wide,
cash register, linoleum, carpets;' place estab-
lished 8 years; the best fixtures and business
J n the city; the cause of sale, sickness. The
shop Is C32 Montgomery st.
WANTED^— A bookkeeper familiar with family
accounts and able to handle a large ledger In
first-class shape; 600 to 700 accounts; must
. have good references and be able to add
rapidly and accurately; permanent place;
$12 DO a week to begin; give age and ex-
perience and where last employed. Box 3160,
1 Call-' office.
WANTED— Man to deliver and collect on ln-
• stallment accounts, on salary; must state
, age, ■ experience, references, whether single
• or married and be able to give bond. Ad-
dress 'box 3157,' Call office.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; eight
, weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Lo 3 Angeles, Cal.
GARDENER wanted— Good grower and propa-
gator; 6tate references and experience; must
thoroughly understand greenhouse work Ad-
• dress. box -3163, Call office. • ■.
.WANTED— Bright, Intelligent office boy for
• large wholesale and retail house: Box 3158,
Call office. - - -i,
WANTED— Partner at. once with $100; old es-
tabllshed business requiring two; a rare op-
portunlty. Address ■; 101 C Market st, r. - 10.
WANTED— Gentleman acquainted .with better
. .. class ; to handle special - proposition. '- Call
. Monday. 10 to 12, 810 - Market, st, room 43. --r
WA JTTEN— Young man about 18 years. Apply
S. N. TVO0DJ& CO.. 718' Market st . ;
HELP WANTED — MALE — Cow.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay Bt.
,- ••• Phone 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
H,''\ ••• Office Open 7 a. m.
Blacksmith for vineyard, fare $125 ...•
Bakery wagon driver $40 and found
Milk wagon driver $30 and found
10 men to help clear land $20 and found
4 woodchoppers, Napa County; 14 woodchop-
pers, $75 to $2 50; shingle sawyer, $52 and
found; 3 butchers; butter and cheesemaker.
$25 and found
Furnace man. quicksilver mine $65
2 machinists; 10 farmers; 5 choremen; 3
choreboys; milker; dairyman
HOTEL, ETC., DEPARTMENT
Cook, restaurant $14 and found
- Cook for dredger, $35; extra baker;- second
cook, night. $10 week; cook and wife, $50;
cook and helper, $50; 5 waiters; baker, small
shop, country, $35: butcher, country shop.
$35 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay st.
WANTED— Boy living at home with parents
as supply clerk In Insurance office. Address
box 8027, CaU office. .
RIGHT man for side line gloves for the north;
_ state experience. Box 3159, Call.
■WANTED — Errand boys, large, not under 15
■__ years. Nathan-Dohrmann Co.. 124 Sutter st.
MAN or woman wanted to address 30,000 en-
■velopes. Address box 3161. Call office.
WANTED— Second waiter; call early. New
Golden Gate Hotel, 134 Fourth st.
BARBER — Union, clever; good wages; come to-
day. 1506 Kentucky St.. corner 22d, Potrero.
BARBER— Union barber; steady. 1738 Mar-
ket Et. opposite Eleventh.
WANTED — Barber for Tuesday and Wednea-
day. 502 Howard st.
BARBER wanted; good workman; steady place.'
2003 Fillmore st, cor. Fine.
SECOND cook wanted. 810 Kearny st; call
early.
WANTED — Bootblack, at 2S0S% California st.
A STRONG boy wanted to learn blackimith-
>ng; also, a finisher. 1168 Mission st.
BOOTBLACK wanted: steady job; good wages
and found: no colored. 1048 McAllister st.
WANTED — Neat, bright office boy; answer,
stating age and residence. Box 3167, Call. 1
RELIABLE young man with some cash: $15
week: steady place: no experience required.
BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st, upstairs.
WANTED — Master Ehit>smith; a competitive
examination wil be held at the Mare Island
Navy-yard, January 7, 1902, for master
shipsmith, naval station, Cavite, P. I.; pay
$0 per diem. For application and further
Information apply to commandant, navy-
yard. Mare Island, Cal.
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon. 816 Treat
avenue.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than S feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
fprther information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
rur.s Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade : barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay Et
A — $125; STEADY man as partner in good pay-
ing business; will pay $20 a week. 88 Third.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts.
YOUNG man to do janitor work and learn
trade at S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
2-CHAIR barber shop, with cigar stand, for
sale; sickness. 300 Golden Gate ave.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co., 1413 Call building.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st
000 K:^ 1 -" ta buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50? up. tollng 20c up. ■02.1 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty., E. A, Bullls, 3, 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to BOc. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
.. free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
, received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
■Valencia st. ,
HYGIENIC HAI K TR EATM ENT.
DANDRUFF, all scalp Irritations positively
cured, ladies or gentlemen, by medicated
mar-sage treatment; consultation free. MRS.
HARTLAND. Hair Specialist, r. 39. 139 Post
HVVAOTISM.
HYPNOTIC magnetic Institute; diseases, habits
cured; lessons given. Dr. Conrad. 7 Grant ave.
HOUSES A.NU WAGOXS.
FOR sale at a bargain, well advertised horse
market; complete outfit for breaking and
handling horses; low rent; good location.
Box 3076, Call.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday. Jan. 1, at 11 a. m.. at the Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer. .
HORSES — 100 head to select from: good single
drivers from $20 up. JOHN H. HALTON.
1732 Market st
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO., 48 Eighth st.
400 FINE young mules for sale or exchange.
Parker's ranch, Lockford, or A. F. ROOKER,
Stockton.
FULL line German Government horses always
on hand. Johr H. HALTON; 1732 Market.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A — ELEGANT corner 50-room house; swell lo-
catlon. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
1« pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
FOR RENT — Complete and nicely furnished
house of 7 rooms, with hot air furnace; all
modern improvements; on Clinton ave.; for
term of one year. E. D. JUDD CO., 1424
' Park st, Alameda.
13 ROOMS and bath at Larkspur; modern; rent
$40. PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall sqr.
HOUSES WANTED — FURNISHED;
WANTED— Immediately, furnished house or
flat for 2 months: family of 4; north of Sut-
ter and east of Flllmore. Box 3O10, CalL
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Small diamond ring, in ladles' wait-
ing-room. Popular Restaurant. Return 7-0
Battery st. ; reward $30. t
LOST — A gold watch on Ellis or Powell sts •
reward. CLARENCE BLACK. 804 Van Ness.
BLACK cocker spaniel, spotted gray; answers
namo June. Return 7o0 Flllmore: reward.
LOST — Dec. 22, black cocker spaniel dog Re-
tum 1334 Stevenson st; receive reward.
LOST— Cross bet. pointer and setter dog, brown
and. curly, medium stubby tall, white on
breast, some white on head; leather collar
on brass mountings. Return 2 Sutter; $5.
LOST-J-Diamond and setting on Third st near
Mission, at 10:45 p. m. Sat. 2S; reward of
$20. Return to B. JACOBS. 05 Third st.
LOST — Sunday evening, Alcazar Theater um-
brella.'.gunmetal handle. Rewd. 1220 Filbert
LOST— SJinday evening, pair of eyeglasses with
chain. \ 736 Bush st; reward.
STRAYED— Dec. 3, 1901. white bull terrier
dog, detk spot over eye and hip; ears and
tall not\ cut Return to manager Klevera'
Nursery Acor. Chestnut and Polk sts.; reward.
LOST— Christmas eve, pair of gold lorgnettes
inscribed r Zoe ; valued as keepsake. Return
to 2S1 Lotust ave.; reward.
$5 E^ E l W h A Xr° dogT^J cTaV W st and
E^wfW W •"Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.; 220 Sutter St., needs old
gold and Pllvcr to make new watch cases.
MACHINE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Work 8 r415% Sacramento st.
j builds models-' and experimental machinery;
. mine hoists 4.8. 12 H. P. specialty; repairing.
': MATRIMONIAL. . ,,'-.„.
GENTLEMEN .w-hing/ to marry wealthy
, ladles «snd 10c fillet. Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellii. ;
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and »etrilized. uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
f-nteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to Hi Powell
st. ; tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL — All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines nave been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases, taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nal:ire: Ml classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. 3.
W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market st, opp. Fifth.
A MRS SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity, Berlin, in midwifery cases; takes ladles
before and during confinement; best of care:
confinement, $15; room and board, $5: Infants
adopted; will take two to work at my private
residence,606 Guerrero, nr. 13th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladles' specialist;
SO 'years' experience: Instant relief guaran-
teed: home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS M. WEGENER. ladies' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 210 Eddy at. near
Taylor, forrreily of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
THE original MRS. DA VIES is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; of flee
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m,
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles* physician; 25
years" successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home, 006 Market at. opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; homo
In confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
1 MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market — Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADY patrons — Dr. Rosen, res. 1349 Alabama
st. near 26th; avoid delay; same low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
3IINES AJND MINING.
GRUBSTAKE by experienced miner for South
America, Box 3102, Call.
MISCELLANEOUS FUK SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. i 253-255 Spear st.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, . ail sizes ; cheap ; also new
lot belting; half price of regular goods. H.
S. WHITE, 516-520 Mission st.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23 Stockton
st, upstairs. •
A — ?3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
FAIRBANK'S 10- ton hay scales; jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 21tt California, st.
OLD Schweitzer violin. 1815. worth $250. only
$90. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings, $22 50. Port-
Iand Loan Office. 25 Stockton st
NOTIONS, toys, counters and showcase. 1441
Market st. near Eleventh.
HOTHOUSE plants cheap; must remove green-
house. 2204 Bush st.
2G-IKCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $5.
Misfit Parlors. 23 Stockton st.
WALLPAPER, 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc.
MERIGAN. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & at. ALEXANDER. HO Montg'y.
BOATS, launches. rowboat3 carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Col.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 12S Kearny st, rm. 29.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission st.
MAGIC Janterns. new and 2d-han<! .meringr pic-
tnres. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for- $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Static machine with X-ray attach-
ment; also Beta hot air body apparatus.
Hoover Bath Parlors, 1327 Market st.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, box 1205, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st ; tel. Folsom 2522.
LADIES & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. Sllverman, 9$4 Folsom ;tel.Folsomll91.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
MONEY 'I'O LOAN. "
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner building.
$4,500,000 at lowest rate3
on first and second mortgages
Life interests In estates
Property being held in trust
Undivided Interests In real estate
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA — MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5^3 & 6 per cent In sums to suit:
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, life .Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and' legacies; will pur-
chase a".ove securities. Tel. Red 5O24 MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor, Crocker big.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay..
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st, room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest In estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
1st floor.Chronlcle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1863-
proper place to borrow money on diamonds'
jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office, 9 Grant av., nr. Mkt; tel. Black 5471.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal - any
amount; lowest rates; open evenings 7 to j£
BECKER & CO., 927 Market st. room 6131
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave neap
Geary st; phone Red 1603. **
HIGHLY respectable private place to cbtaln
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 84«
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with
out indorser or on mortgage at 0 per cent Der
annum. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bulldliig
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal libra-
ries, goods in warehouse, etc. ; any amt • low
est rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by Drivata
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
. tlal. Room 3 Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal:' money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 6S.
ANTIQUE jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
stones, antiques and curios bought Thn 01a
Curiosity Store. US Geary st. Nat Rarfhail
8% ON furniture and oianos: $15 up; no re'-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Roo m 81. 6 Eddv.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal- 7,/,
commis.: confidential. Whltehead. 17iq mv"
ON salaries, N. Y. plan: Indorsed parser diq
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. -321 ParroTbldi
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate- no ~rv.^,i."
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAms^r^-
ONE per cent on furniture: J5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery at . r? 1.
1F buy U it Wa A E^TOm! '8? you rooney to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st
ON SALARIES without indorser- other nrooo-
sltlons. S. F. Discount Agcy.. 143 FhSan Mg-
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser: Ear.tern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 30B Pheian bldV
MONEY WANTED. ~"
$200 WANTED on realty security outside city-
Interest accordingly. Box 3130. CaU.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.^ •
A SfTECK, Everett, Hardman, Ludwlr Pa^c-
arl. Klngsbury or Smith & Barnes piano
caa only be bought from THE WIL2Y B
ALKEN^CO.. 933 Market st Popula-~-lces: I
PART3' called East is forced to *a.e H?~-~tT *» !
new|;500 uprleht grand piano, Wa x*a .',.
MUSICAL . INSTB1 *BTIT5— ' 5J^£~~- V
A GOOD thing to rei; srb£— *-V« **"* °n- \
conducting a "fake" fc t ot'pUvi »»* • w .
ing for lees than .cost, »*■!»* ei **« £* * em
Ing pianos away for t*1«i*e of e?« !^ t flrffl
out of the hou«; no '*^° r »^ e8 t^r,5»- <
does, or claims to do jp.y) .• the*» \* le
If you want a eood. pl»n» at a tJ>a *°, you
price, we have Just wtwt Iwwi^WK;
can find out by calll»3. - *cu ""f "^ter f
from Wissner. " i u>»l
Steger or Singer. Payments ««S£*
do not care toPa? cask Vi ,V t :/ ct . 1
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7CP >^, '* ' -~^~~ I
ALL grades sold by the H^ne ££• ' A "£jrtcll ;
. agents most fa™ 1 " -*5?_ . v n o «ince * or «*«'(
makes; easy W^twiS ff purchased; «■)
open evenings d^^JVpIf&.g Heine an*
ed everywhere '^-^XTp^^ocO, 21'H
our entire line. HEflE PIANO CVl '-jm
AnATV w« remind you fttt «nr piano 9 *°?3M
both neT/ and second-haiL is the large* £?*■
of Chfclgo and inclu#.th« most re! b£!fl
makers to choose fromlfaw pianos sold up«
EOHMER & CO. "Pianos. "**1 J
BYRON MAUZT Pianos. , j
LESTER Planoa. '
HAMILTON Pianos. V 9
SPIELMANN Planes.
CECILIAN PIANO PLATER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. SQU31Q-312 ?cst *■
ATTENTION. BAROADf-F VSTEK*^
Second-hand upright pia:. a from S3S u"
Second-hand iquare plan' i from $50 «r-
Second-hand organs from 23 up; na* n: -tf»t
pianos from $175 up. 1 SNJ. CUfiTA^ *
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickeriag. M.soa 1
& Hamlln. Vcse. Sterling pianos. '—.___*..,■
A FULL-SIZED upright pt*no, *S3; six-o£*v» S
Mason & Hamlln orgai, |J3; Stelpvay ]
square. $100: elegant bu-1 walnut Ca* ron I
upright, used only few nonthn, $275: t^ch- *
stein baby grand, almost new. P.OWEjS «
SOX. 23 Fifth st. : IYER; & Ftixu; yAjr nta.
ANY piano sold by us tacen tack an j nma I
t within 2 years and full purchase pr a ai-
■ lowed on a new peerless Kna.i ■?, at KXiilar I
price; ccsts you enly 20c i day to buy i
from us. KOHLER & CIASE, 30 O': rurell
St.; established 1S5O. 4
OUR pianos, the leading r.aken; pric : $100
upward; values best in tie city. PIE FCE'3 *
PIANO FACTORY. Marlet. 14th & C turch.
A — SLAUGHTER sale of sorage plane dirt )
cheap. WILSON'S Storr, . 1710 Mar ct st. '
$175 — A RARE chance • line 1 v right. J
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister next IIlhjFrT » B\j^m
$125— SCHLEIP upright, icellent bo: UtioB I
$75; Erard upright. Horr £ 21'5lic- llsteli
SUPERIOR violins, zithers ioM itid {ne r. iB
MULLER. maker, repair ■ 2 I-arth»ir P laC( fljf|
AT KEEFFE'S. 23 Turk .;., neir X rk^-H
Phonir.^er. Schubert and yiTaryv ** ' " g: * Mml
OFFICES AND 9TO Kf \rO I ET. {H
PACIFIC. 328 — Handsome ?rse «tos*.' cheap: j|
also 804 Sansome st. : ret ed Sflj j -' 9
OIL. S j 1
OIL tanks, second hand. 500I IT-Jer: all m
sizes : cheap. H. S. WHI 1. StitfoiaMon »t. ■
PALMIST1 Y. I
G L. Neergaard, presilent St. G^ir.a n Coi^l
lege. reads 1 to 4. 7C0 Pos {P^'j^j^ 1 i^ifil
H. JEROME FOSELLI, acritffflf p'ufcn'-^t. I ' -"1
Taylor St.. Pet. Geary an.j V>ytj te<Bl»ck .J "I
■ ' ._J. 1-'— p| 1
PE11SO.V43. t I 1
_ll_^-. - I'. ..II«|H. 'I. ». I »' 1- . . - »«~*"^«V^^K^KJ 1
LISTEN'. Don't buy over ff 4 suits tHa aualll^H
and workmanship is hu>iric«l; any suit o^H
overcoat in house to cr t SSO; 00 more, 111.^
less; any style. MAS" &•', The Tailor. 701 ,Y
Geary st., corner Leaver.tnth. | )
AN elegant line of remnar.ts.or s'Jits to order. \
$15; with these suits w e <nake ajp extra pair i
of pants free of charge; ■ th»r suit s on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. I^EtfOS. J.VT Market
St.. between Seventh aril foghth i I
LISTEN! It's n< : what ycu lay foi • cur $5 all- J
wool pants; it 3 what you get fcr what you \
pay They ar world-beaters: best value otu J
earth; made ti order. HASTEN, The Tailor^
701 Geary St.. rorner Leavenwort: u
WHY Gues3? "i ,u can ba certain <f style^jlj
fit by using Sthdard Patterns; DfC patM.. .J
and The Design:-* now ready. 3. w. EV^^J I
Domestic offict 1021 Market St.. inear SJ 1
FACE massage. Somplexion beautlfVring: 8%:
1 Continental rathods; electric ro'.tau; rffc-J
fluoua bailV..iateS. >V^~ rmrwei.: p* ?'■! " J
needle. MME. ZEPHEY. 1258 quiroro^ 1
ELECTRIC light In every room — tvincl Kg • i :'|
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: TOO r<jKg
"5c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 t> $4 per -jEg 5 >1
free 'bus and baggage to and r'rori the jfiij "3
ARTISTIC hairdressins, manicuring sharH ' :|
ing, etc.. at moderate prices iij Amefl ",|
best-appointed parlors. The "(1ON-T^B I
324 Post St.: switches at bargain) prices. W .1
Shampooing, BOc; wrinkles removed, 50c; ■ ' ■ j
dressing, any style. 25c; the bist swliM .I
fl. $1 50. ?2. G. LEDERER, 12:J 3tocktt» %a
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, peirls. prefl \
stones, antiques and curios bouitit. Thf£? "1
Curiosity Store. 118 Geary st. ffat RarJ - : 1
THE latest and best things iniriles^rea^B |
wear garments, tailor-.v.ade svlts. skirt KiS 1
Installments, at C I 1 1 1 1 1 , 1 1 I'M j
WHITE enamel iron beds. slnerlefihre^-quH 1
or double. $2 25. EASTERN pUTFITl^B, ]
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st, n{ar Broad J Ij
Sing Chong & Co. has removedrfem^llS&H J
ton to 50S Geary, bet. Taylor J Jones, w T'f J
can be found fine stock of ladp* under v^M 3 ; j
PROF. BAKER, select boxin:r7chool; d I
even.. 7 to 10; terms reasonatf . 200 8th i^Jj
SUPERFLUOUS hair and molesllestroyed withal
electric needle. MISS EATON.flllft Sutter st.
A — IF your hair Is falling or yovkfe bald call or*
Dr. G.S.Moore. 3S2 O'Farrell ;* t\ for circular. H
A — VIDA Company permanentlj rbrf 3 stomach (
trouble. 763 Valencia st.. coi jr|9th. \
GOLD cure for drunkenness; ure remedy -
testimonials. MOOSER CO.. T » G»ary, S. F. |
Mrs. Briggs^ — Superfluous hair, roles removed
by electric needle. 968 Sutter; l.Larkln 3171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: < nerfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Bdr>n. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, pla books, wis;*-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ( CO., 733 Mkt
Masquerade costumes at H. An4i*yn's, theatrU -I
cal costumer. 20 O'Farrell; Via try ordersf I
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; d«, loart*. J
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. B*s a>r- ■ . " 1
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH iDRJis. ' I
the best corn cure; 25c; al) d:gsls — " ..
. 1 — ►tores gray
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Il?nni rt* druggists.
hair to Its natural color-.fjl; . sjl T"
—^ ■ > _Li. per weelc.
500 MEN wanted to order suits >r Sumy «t-
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 11 k/^S g
PATEXTS AND PEJ »j%^ — ~ -~-
1 ] 1 — wactltioner
PENSION advice free; rjenerU Ir.er hide.
Geo. D. Campbell, lawyer.; Bta.g.ij—L-JiSS?'!*
FHYSICIANS AND tat IV*. ~ -X. f * I
. .. -I _^» *A re«i | iffn"e. * I
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— oil* sk 3wetrtbi '
1021% Market st, bet. Sl.t{>» r|— " 1 XI } J
DR. WONG HIM, herb Uoetor.w 'body: >«• i J
treats all diseases of the himson, nr. E!li«- \
testimonials at office, 115-117 M4 _ — — — *g J
— — 1 sanit*rt---3.;, 1
A — DR. WONG WO. herb .foetenii at of flcf ■ _± j
764-766 Clay st.: see testhnoTil-i ~-Vj
'•- - — ~ MILLS. H
PLANING AND Tt'R .TJN Gg~~w-~' — 1
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Plauin'g'.^V 1 ' n^n
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fr%ifflH
__Jtt^TURJ2jSAM T^Ir it yt. jH
RUPTURE cured at HUNT3R-S SANT.TA- H
RIUM. 1206 Market st. ; irea- merit free; -jfly j
invention in the world that) win not to'itJri' I
SPECIAL NOTICES. ' f J
BAD tenants ejected for .itHcoUectlcns ma4»j /j
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION [i
CCr.. 415 Montgomery st..rdtms 9-10;tel.55S«. I]
SEWING MACHINES^AJp sCPPLU:3.f|s
ALL kinds bought, sold, TrentelTexchasged ? re^l ti
pairing; lowest ratea. Tel. k u^jTWltnJ ■
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented excha"*?d- re-Kl
pairing; lowest ratea: phont lnf lis'eth. X I
STORAGE AND WAfti:uoLSE3. \ j
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storaga and Af^vW^CoT *!
office Post and Fowell sta^g fc a ffa71A ' '\
GOLDEN WEST Storage ■\Va r^h Q ii«» VIO Mis- ''
slon st: tel. Howard Mt.g w "'
PACIFIC Storage and FurnTtuT- Movin- Com- I
pany. Fillmore St.. nhoaaj a . v<nn 2sTM
BEKINS Van and StorageCo7~r>o ,„„,„. ,, JK
teL Main 1S40: shipping at r ,,T> M lt ' T'f
REAL ESTATE — CITY^,p H s A^l|^
rF you war: s. hena wj —*?" v^^" ... — *4 ;
buKd you a h >u:;e on r, •.,.*■'" .v»v-~i*~v«l'n
Pacific Hnmi raiding Oq,j j o£ T » Jta_"ui*«jj
CfciJ. 10 p»gn, sent p, m.' ,,,:«,. w u,! \.
:i State,- or Caai4l } • " y «T? ft r ■ «£ •)*
i- H.-3 paid. 1 ' , **» ,
< ■