VOLUME XC-NO. 178.
COMMANDER OF COLOMBIAN GUNBOAT GIVES NOTICE OF BOMBARDMENT
OF COLON, BUT THE UNITED STATES WILL NOT PERMIT SUCH ACTION
BRITISH TROOPS NARROWLY AVERT
FRESH DISASTER IN SOUTH AFRICA
Grobelaar's Commando Surrounds and Captures a Hundred Cape
Railway Pioneers, but Reinforcements Compel Boers to Retire
and Release Prisoners — Major Fisher Among Officers Killed
NOTED BRITISH PEER AND THE LEADER OF THE OPPOSITION IN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS. LORD
DUNHAM ANNOUNCES HE WILL NOT SUPPORT SIR HENRY FOR PREMIER, INSINUATING THAT
THE LATTER, BECAUSE OF UTTERANCES ON THE BOER WAR, IS EITHER A FOOL OR A KNAVE.
LONDON, Nov. 24.— This morning's
dispatches from South Africa
show that the recent fighting near
Viliiersdorp. southwest of Stand
erton, concerning which Lord
Kitchener report f-d nothing beyond the
fact that Commandant Buys had been
captured after attacking a patrol of 100
railroad pioneers, was really a serious af
fair. It seems that Grobelar's com
mando succeeded in surrounding and cap
turing a force of in British Cape Railway
pioneers. Subsequently Colonel Rimeng
ton came up with reinforcements, and,
after heavy fighting, compelled the Boers
to retire and to release their prisoners.
The British losses included Major Fisher,
LOUBET HONORS
THE SCIENTIST
President Embraces M. Pierre
Berthelot and Presents
Commemoration Medallion
PARIS, Nov. 24.— The Jubilee of the
scientific debut of Pierre Marcelin* Ber
thelot, the chemist, was celebrated to
day in the Grand Ampitheater of the
University of Sorbonne, which was filled
to overflowing with nota-bles from the sci
entific and political worlds. M. Loubet
was present, surrounded by members of
the Cabinet, members of the diplomatic
corps and many representatives of the
foreign scientific bodies. M. Leygues,
Minister of Public Instruction, pro
nounced a eulogy on the labors of M.
Berthelot, and described the ceremony as
a national fete.
President Loubet presented to M. Ber
thclot a commemorative medallion an-1
embraced him amid great enthusiasm.
Fatal Shots at Council Meeting.
MENTONE, Nov. 24.— a meeting of
the Municipal Council of Roquebrune last
i night, M. Orßlni, one of the Councilors,
~f~ after a heated discussion, drew a revolver
and shot M. Sigaut, the Deputy Mayor,
dangerously wounding also the Mayor
and the Mayor's brother, who had .tried
to arrest Orsini. The latter escaped^
v - iI&iHHMKMHinHMH!
The San Francisco Call.
killed, and three officers wounded. Tho
casualties among the men have not yet
been reported.
With reference to the story that the
British placed Boer women and childron
in front during the fighting at Graspan
June 6, when General Dewet's convoy
was captured— a story which has been
Fpread broadcast as an example of Brit
ish barbarity— the Daily Mail sent a
dispatch of inquiry to Lord Kitchener,
who replied as follows:
"The story is absolutely untrue and de
void of all foundation. One child was
killed and one woman and child were
wounded by the Boers."
CAPTURE FORT
AND THE GUNS
American Troops Attack a
Filipino Stronghold and In
flict Very Heavy Losses
MANILA, Nov. 24.— Captain Kdvard P.
Lawton's company of the Nineteenth Inr
fantry has attacked and captured an in
surgent fort on Bohol Island, south of
Cebu, in the Vysayan group.
This fort was surrounded on all sides by
a precipice, and the only entrance to the
higher ground was guarded by a stockade
with a line of entrenchments behind it.
Captain Lawton sent Sergeant McMahon
and twenty men to climb the precipice
and attack the fort in the rear. Sergeant
McMahon's party accomplished their task
after three hours' climbing through the
thick undergrowth. They took the enemy
by surprise and drove them from the fort.
As the insurgents escaped they had to
pass the remainder of Captain Lawton's
company at a distance of 150 yards. Here
the enemy suffered terrible losses.
The insurgents defended themselves
with both cannon and rifles. The cannon
were captured; the smaller ones were re
moved, while the larger ones were buried.
Captain Lawton, in his report, makes spe
cial mention of the bravery of Sergeants
McMahon and List., -
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1901.
As the story has been prominent In the
recent anti-Chamberlain campaign in Ger
many, the Daily Mail has telegraphed
Lord Kitchener's reply to all the leading
German papers.
William T. Stead, lecturing in London
yesterday, said that he thanked God that
Germany and Europe were bold enough
to call baby murder crime.
"Compared with England's conduct,"
he continued, "Herod's slaughter of the
innocents was saintlike. Great Britain
ought to be beaten in this unjust war.
In the American war we employed red
skins, just as we have loosened Kaffirs
against the Boers, and, thank God, we
were beaten."
TWO LYNCHINGS
IN THE SOUTH
Murderers Overtaken and Put
to Death, in One Case
Avengers Being Negroes
COLUMBIA, S. C. Nov. 24.— An un
known negro was lynched in Anderson
County to-day. Yesterday afternoon the
man went to the house -of Mrs. Perry
Craft and asked for something to eat.
When she turned the negro shot her
through the back, inflicting a fatal
wound. The man fled, but was pursued
by hundreds of men. There are no de
tails of the manner of his death.
SHREVEPORT, La., Nov. 24.— Negroes
to-day oa Herndon plantation, eight
miles south of Shreveport, lynched Frank
Thomas, one of their own race, because
he had shot and killed a negro boy over
a debt of 30 cents.
The Sheriff was proceeding toward
Shreveport with his prisoner when a mob
of 200 negroes and half a dozen white
men took possession of the murderer and
promptly strung him up to the limb of a
tree.
President Returns to Washington.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— President and
Mrs. Roosevelt returned to the city about
5 o'clock this afternoon from their outing
down the Potomac River.
GOVERNMENT '
THREATENS TO
RETAKE CITY
Federals Would Turn the
Guns of the Pinzon
on Colon.
Foreigners Notified to Seek
Refuge on Board of the
"Warships.
Uncle Sam, However, Will Instruct
the Commander of the Machias
Not to Permit the Proposed
Bombardment.
COLON, No\ s . 24.— The Colombian gun
boat General Pinzon arrived in this har
bor at 9:30 o'clock this morning. After an
exchange of notes between the United
States gunboat Machias and the General
Pinzon General Alico, commanding the
Pinzon, which has 600 men on board, offi
cially notified the American, British and
French warships now in the harbor that
he intends to bombard Colon at noon to
morrow (Monday), thus giving twenty
four hours' notice.
The various Consuls are notifying their
respective fellow-citizens that refuge may
be had on board the warships.
To bombard the town of Colon it is ab
solutely necessary to fire across the rail
road tracks, and the railroad employes
will probably refuse to work.
Lieutenant Commander McCrae of the
Machias is the senior naval officer, and
he awaits instructions from Wash
ington regarding the threat to bombard.
Breastworks at Panama.
Breastworks are being erected in the
public thoroughfares of Panama. The
townsfolk in the vicinity of these are
hastily removing to safer places. All
persons known to be Liberals are ar
rested on sight. The Government has
declared its determination to contest
every i->oh of g->;«und if an entrance to the
city is effected. It is rumored that some
seventy men who were wounded at
Perequito were landed on the .island of
Taboga, facing Panama harbor, to avoid
threatening alarm in Panama. Taboga
is about eight miles from Panama.
The Government is very anxious that
marines should be landed from the
United States battleship lowa, but Cap
tain Perry, her commander, has not com
plied with this request.
Prisoners Axe Recovered.
The Boyaca returned to Panama a sec
ond time yesterday afternoon with Gen
eral Alban at Chorrera, routing the
enemy and recovering all the prisoners
previously reported taken with the ex
ception of two. Arnold number re
covered, according to the Government
version, is the Alcalde of Taboga,
The Liberal version of the incident is
that the Alcalde was afraid to fight, and
when captured offered Domingo Diaz, the
Liberal leader, $1000 if he would release
him, that the offer was accepted and that
the Alcalde was allowed to go after giv
ing his word of honor not to attempt to
escape. The Liberals also assert that
General Alban effected a landing at
Chorrera after the Liberals had with
drawn to join the Liberal forces march
ing to the Empire station.
It is asserted that \.he steamer Darien,
which the Liberals recently captured
from the Government, escaped the Bo
yaca under cover of night, but it is gen
erally believed that she went to Tumace
some time ago.
May Attack the Liberals.
The Government asscits that the Chor
rera troops are momentarily expected at
Panama, and that on their arrival prep
arations would be made to attack the Lib ¦
eral advance guard, aad that these will
not cease until Colon has been recaptured.
Great hopes are entertained that the
news of the capture of Colon will induce
the authorities of Barranquilla to send
big reinforcements to land at Colon and
annihilate the enemy.
It is rumored that the Liberal gunboat
Alacante Padilla, with General Herrera
on board, left La Libertad, San Salvador,
November 21, bound for Panama.
The United States gunboat Concord,
Commander Harry Knox, arrived at Paa
ama yesterday.
Colon has become a red city, being in
Liberal hands. A large red flag bearing
the words "Patria y Libertad" is flying
at the cuartel.
No Bombardment, Says Uncle Sam.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— The bombard
ment of tfiie town of Colon and conse
quent interruption of Traffic across the
isthmus of Panama will not be permitted
by Commander McCrea. commanding the
gunboat Machias, stationed at that port.
Secretary of the Navy Long said lat-3
this evening that he had received no in
formation from either Commander Mc-
Crea or Captain Perry, commanding the
lowa at Panama, regarding to-day's de
velopments in the situation on the isth
mus. Both of these officers have been
given comprehensive instructions, so that
they are prepared to act in accordance
with precedent already established. As
surances were given by Secretary Hay to
Senor Herran, the Colombian Charge
d'Affaires, a few days ago that the
United States would not permit the bom
bardment of the city of Panama by th»
rebel troops. Probably the administra
tion will oppose as vigorously an attack
by. the Government forces on Colon. Un
GREEK CABINET RESIGNS
BECAUSE OF THE RIOTS
Demonstrations Against the Proposed Trans
lation of Gospels Into Modern Greek
Continue and Is Followed by a Crisis
ATHENS, Nov. 24.— As a result of
the demonstrations against the
proposed translation of the gos
pels into modern Greek the
Cabinet has resigned. This ac
tion was taken in spite of King George's
efforts to induce the Cabinet and the
Premier to remain in office. M. Theotokls,
the Premier, considers the responsibility
of a judicial inquiry into the recent riots
should be left to another Cabinet in order
that the truth may be established beyond
suspicion.
There was a renewal of the rioting to
night, though not on a large scale, with
demonstrations against the retiring Cabi
net. The residences of the Ministers were
stoned.^ The crowds were finally dis
persed by cavalry.
Armed students continue to occupy the
university buildings.
After an audience with King George to
night, M. Zaimis, former Premier, com
pleted a Cabinet made up as follows:
Premier and Minister of Foreign Af
fairs — M. Zaimis.
Minister of the Interior— M. Trianda-
Fyllakos.
Minister of Marine — M. Topalis.
Minister of Public "Worship— M. Monfer
rato.
Minister of Finance — M. Negrls.
Minister of War— Colonel Korpas.
Until an official inquiry into the causes
LIMITED TRAIN
STRIKES LOCAL
Collision on the Delaware,
Lackawanna and Western
Causes Trainmen to Jump
NEW YORK, Nov. 24.— The Buffalo and
Chicago limited train on the Delaware,
Lackawana and Western Railway, leaving
here at 1:40 p. m., and a local train from
Dover, N. J., to New York, were in col
lision this afternoon at Morris Plains, N.
J. The trains were on a stretch of single
track. Both engineers and firemen
jumped.
Engineer John Skillman of the limited
and his fireman, Charles Loper, were
badly hurt, while the conductor and en
gineer of the local were bruised.
James Tinton of Morristown, a passen
ger on the local, was pinned down by
seats and seriously hurt.
Both locomotives were badly damaged,
but the coaches of the limited stood the
shock well. The local appears to have
been late and neglected to take a siding.
der the treaty of New Granada the
United States is required to "prevent the
free transit from the one to the other
from being interrupted or embarrassed."
The bombardment of Colon would cer
tainly interrupt and embarrass transit,
and Commander McCrea will therefore
not permit such action. If he is in need
of reinforcements Captain Perry of the
lowa will send him a detachment of blue
jackets.
IMPROVISED GUNBOAT TAKEN.
Steamship Hyades Brings News of a
Funny Expedition.
The Panama Railroad's steamship
Hyades, which arrived Saturday night,
brings the news that everybody on the
isthmus was preparing for an attack.
The rebels were known to be close to the
town, and thinking they were poorly
armed the commandant at Panama
tr.ought he would overawe them. He ac
cordingly requisitioned a dredger and
fitted It out as a gunboat. All the spare
cannon on the isthmus was put aboard
it and an officer of the navy, with all the
mon he could muster, taken aboard.
"The mud digger gunboat started up the
Chagres River to dislodge the rebels
while we were in port," said an officer of
the Hyades yesterday. "They went a
few miles up the river, when the rebels
appeared in force. They were armed
with the latest repeating arms and the
government troops were taken complete
GREEK PREMIER WHO HAS
RESIGNED TO GIVE NEW
CABINET FREE HAND.
of the riots has been concluded M. Zaimis
will also hold the portfolio of Justice.
?..T..T,M..T,T.1..r..r..T..T..t..t..T..T..T..t..T..1~t~t..T~t~t.
MAY MURDER
THE CAPTIVE
Brigands Threaten to Kill
Miss Stone if Full Ransom
Is Not Paid by January i
LONDON, Nov. 25.— "Consul General
Dickinson has received no reply from the
brigands to his ultimatum," says a Sofia
dispatch to the Daily Telegraph. "The
brigands threaten to kill Miss Stone unless
the full ransom is paid by January 1."
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 24. — Mr.
Dickinson, the special diplomatic agent of
the United States who has been conduct
ing the negotiations for the release of
Miss Stone, arrived here from Sofia.
VIENNA, Nov. 24.— The Vienna papers
assert that Turkey is addressing an arro
gant circular note to the powers, protest
ing against their "perpetual interference"
in Turkish affairs, and demanding to know
their intentions regarding Crete.
ly by surprise. After half an hour's
fighting the 'gunboat' surrendered, and
the rebels secured all the guns and muni
tions of war.
"Around Panama and along the line of
road everything seemed as quiet as a
street in California, but everybody »eem«d
to be expecting something, and I would
not be surprised to hear any day that
the rebels had taken Panama,"
The Hyades was detained all night in
quarantine because the cook was sick.
An examination by the quarantine officer
showed that he was suffering from
Chagres fever, so the vessel was re
leased.
IXPECT ANOTHER CLASH
WITH THE* STEEL TRUST
CLEVELAND, Nov. 24.— A special to
the Leader from Wheeling, W. Va,, says:
A gigantic fund is a proposition the
lodges of the Amalgamated Association
of Steel, Iron and Tin Workers in the
Wheeling district are now voting on. The
plans call for an assignment on each
member of 10 per cent of each man's
wages.
The lodges that voted against the treaty
proposed by the steel trust are inclined
to stand out for the big contribution. It
is taken to mean that another stern clash
with the billion-dollar trust Is due in 1902,
when the scale expires, — -
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DISASTER
TO STEAMER
IS FEARED
Alerta With Two Hun
dred Passengers May
Be Lost.
United States Distilling Ves
sel Iris Aground on Reef
Near Iloilo.
Full-Rigged Ship Flotbek Is Driven
Ashore at Monmouth Beach,
but Life Savers Rescue
the Crew.
MANTTiA, Nov. 24. — Th« local
steamer Alerta, with 200 passengers,
including some discharged American
soldiers from Olongopo, Subig Bay, to
Manila, is believed to have been lost.
The United States distilling-ship
Iris has been aground on a reef near
Iloilo for three days past. The United
States cruiser New York and the gun
boat Yorktown have gone to her as
sistance.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24. -The full
rigged ship Flotbek, which went
ashore at Monraouth Beach
during last night's gale, is to
night resting on the sands ap
parently little the worse for her experi
ence, and her crew are being cared for
by the life savers of Station No. 4. The
tug Robert Haddon picked up the Flotbek
yesterday afternoon about dark. The
ship, under command of Captain Singler,
was bound for New York from Plymouth.
England, with a cargo of white clay and
minerals. The tug had a crew of seven
men and the ship had twenty-four men.
all told. All went well until late in the
evening, when the wind attained a ve
locity of forty-five knots and the tug wa3
unable to make headway.
Tug Lets Ship Go.
The two vessels began to work In shore.
Their danger was seen from the beach
and the life-savers prepared to aid them.
Seeing the struggle was hopeless and that
the only chance of saving the tug was to
let the ship go, the hawser was cut. The
ship drifted rapidly on shore and struck
well up and close in at a point favorable
for work upon her. The tug lost her rud
der about the time she was freed from the
ship and, driven by the gale, perfectly
helpless, she drifted down the coast and
brought up against the Iron pier at Long
Branch and began to pound against it.
The crashing was heard by a fisherman,
who roused some citizens. With a rope
they went to the pier to aid the seven
men on the tug. Each wave, as it re
ceded, carried the Haddon away from the
pier, and then as the next came rolling
shoreward the heavy tug would be car
ried on its crest and dashed against the
piling under the pier or against the steel
work.
Escape to the Pier.
After many efforts, a man on the tug
caught the rope which was thrown from
the pier. He hunt? on and as the tug was
carried away from the pier the man,
clinging to the rope, swung clear of her
and then was hauled up on the pier. Thus
all were saved.
Meanwhile the shij> had been looked
after by the life-savers. The rescued sail
ors were taken to Long Branch.
About 3 o"clock in the morning the iron
pier broke in two. The tug had continued
to pound against it and the piling and
superstructure were gradually weakened
by the blows. The tugr, too, was. battered
to pieces.
When the pier was carried away one
man, whose name is not known, waa
washed into the sea and drowned.
LOSS BY WIND AND RAIN.
Heavy Northeast Storm Strikes the*
Coast of New York.
NEW YORK. Nov. 24.— A heavy north
east gale has been raging along the coast
for the past twenty- four hours. T?o
storm set in at sunset last evening, blow
ing with great severity all night, accom
panied by heavy rain. In the upper and
lower bay the 3torm blew with great
fury and an unusually high tide washed
upon the Staten Island shores, doing con
siderable damage to docks, small boats
and other craft. The Staten Island Rap d
Transit Railroad track between Tomp
klnsville and Stapleton was obstructed by
wreckage from piledrHers, and a small
schooner was driven ashore. A heavy sea
raged in the upper bay. Two steamers
that arrived during the night remained
at anchor off the quarantine station until
noon, when the health officers succeeded
in boarding them. Those steamers wera
the French liner Panama from Bordeaux
and the fruit steamer Donald from Ja
maica. The only other arrival up to noon
was the Mallory line ateamer San Marcos
from Galveston.
The storm did considerable damage in
the city. Windows in the upper part ult
the city were blown in and a few room
taken off. The greatest damage was don*
along West street, front!ng the Norti
River, where cellars were flooded. Tho
rapid transit tunnel also was flooded in
many places.
The Western Union Telegraph Company
reports having suffered most in the Pu
Continued on Page Two,2
SUBMARINE BOAT
IS SATISFACTORY
Naval Officers Enthusi
astic Over Work of
the Fulton.
Those on Board Did Not
Experience Slightest
Discomfort
NEW YORK, Nov. 24.— the presence
of a big crowd which, despite the storm,
assembled to witness the emerging of the
submarine boat Fulton, that craft rose
from the bottom of the bay this morning
at 10:30 o'clock, with all well and greatly
surprised to find there was a storm rag
ing. The test of the Fulton's staying was
highly satisfactory, not only to the offi
cers of the company that built her and
the naval officers present, but those who
•went to the bottom in the boat. They
report there was not the slightest discom
fort to them during their more than fif
teen hours' \>t submersion below the sur
face. sBQB
Captain Cable of the Holland Company,
who was in command, said that the boat
could have ' remained down for three
months if there were food enough on
board. Although there was but six feet
of water over the top of the turret, those
on board felt nothing of the storm.
Through the night there was a light roll
ing motion to the craft, but this was
ascribed to the regular motion of the
¦water and not to the disturbance which
was rolling the waves high on the shore.
Immediately on coming to the surface,
the Fulton, under her own power, ran
alongside the dock and tied up. Rear
Admiral Lowe and Lieutenant Arthur
Mac Arthur refused to go into any discus
sion of the performance of the boat, ex
cept to say they would be satisfied to
stay down longer. They are, however,
known to be enthusiastic over the work
of the .Fulton thus far.
Members of the crew ¦ say they expe
rienced no difficulty in breathing, and that
the air was all that could be desired and
much purer and better than in an ordi
nary closed room in which are several
persons. Ever*- piece of machinery worked
to perfection during the night. The men
ate two meals while under water and
most of them obtained three or four
hours' sleep.
Rear Admiral Lowe said later:
"When we went down I assisted Captain
Cable in making an Inspection of ths
ship. Then I retired, while the crew
played cards and read Every few hours
I was awakened and made inspections of
The conditions. Early this morning Can
tain Cable called my attention to the
pressure gauge, which indicates the
depth. It showed that we were lower in
the water than at high tide last night,
when we were submerged. There was
nothing to show us why It was. but a
little while later I noticed that the water,
as we saw it through _lie deadlights, was
very dirty, and I imagined that a storm
was blowing. There was no rock or rol!
of the vessel to indicate what was goir.g
on."
Continuing. Rear Admiral Lowe said
that the air in the boat was as clean and
as pure as in a house cr in the cabin of
a yacht.
"Not once," added the admiral, "did 1
notice any sign of ba/1 air. gas or other
impurity. Considering that we did not
draw on the tanks a* all I consider this
is wonderful. It upsets all theories of
physicians and scientists, who tell us that
what we did last night was impossible. I
was critical all night and nothing escaped
me." ¦ -, ¦• -
The experts present unite In calling at
tention to the sea-going qualities of the
Fulton.— The submarine boat was not "af
fected by the sea or the high wind whi^h
prevailed. Other boats of twice its tor
nage rolled and tossed so that they had
to get under way and seek a sheltered
harbor. . . •
The longest time that any submarine
boat had been under water heretofore 'n
the United States was three hours. Lieu
tenant Harry Colwel! kept the Holland
submerged that long in the Potomac la^t
year. The Fulton had never been under
longer than twenty-five minutes, when
she made a two-mil i run submerged a
few weeks ago.
DISHSIffI TO STEAMER IS FEARED
Continued From Page One.
cono Mountain district, near Stroudsburj*.
Pa. Sleet broke down trie poles and wire*
for nearly a mile. Some of the Long Isl
and wires were broken. The Postal Com
pany reports heavy damage across the
river between Suffers and Gutter.burg.
Both companies expect to have all re
pairs made by morning-.
The wind here blew from thirty-six vo
forty miles an hour .his afternoon. T>e
gale sent shipping scurrying to shelter
and safety. In spite of the dropping of
anchors and the putting out of additional
hawsers many small boats and other
craft were damaged or driven ashore.
During the early morning hours the fer
ry-boats had some tremble owing to the
high wind in crossing the rivers.
In the East River the tide rose to a
height not remembered by the "oldest in
habitant." Great damage was done on
all the islands lying at the river off the
Harlem shore, piers being carried away,
bathing pavilions washed off their foun
dations, outhouses swept into the flood
and washed to pieces in the waters of
Hell Gate.
One of the strangest fights was that of
the lighthouse standing off the north end
of Blackwell's Island. Ordinarily stand
ing away out of the tide water, the light
house this morning was in the midst of a
raging flood. The waves, covered with
whitecaps. dashed about the structure,
the platform of the house being but a
short distance from the water's surface
The entire north end .of the island was
submerged.
. An unusual number of trees and wire
poles were uprooted r.nd leveled by thi
storm in Brooklyn. .
Counsel Raynor Refuses a Fee.
BALTIMORE, Xov. 24.— 1t was learned
to-day that Isidor Raynor, chief counsel
for Rear Admiral \V. S. Schley in the re
cent hearing before tfe court of Inquiry,
had refused to accept a fee for his ser
vicer. A mutual friend of the admiral
and Raynor staled that the admiral ro
cently sent a valuable gold watch to Ray
nor and a magnificent brooch of diamonds
and pearls to Mrs. Raynor.
Buy Valuable Property in Paris.
PARIS. Nov. 24— One of the finest sites
in Paris has become American property.
Ii is announced that the Equitable Life
i 'ompany has acquired the plot of ground
on the Bcrulevard dcs Chaupenes and the
Rue de la Paix. ovorioolting the Grand
Opera House, where they intend to build
introducing the latest American methods
st ruction.
Catarrh Deafness,
Diseases Positively Gored, by
DR. COTTINGHAI'S boa
Regular graduate and expert on EAR, NOSE
THROAT and LUNG DISEASES.
214 Suiter Street, NW. Cor. of Kearsy
Hours, $-12 a. m. ; 1-3 and. 7-8 p. m.
rnrr AX HONEST TRIAL OF ONE
rKCt WEEK given to show the su-
,- perior merit of the treatment.
3000 test cases, 35 per cent cured. Call at
once or -write ¦ for free treatment.
"LES HUGUENOTS" ATTRACTS
BIG POPULAR PRICED HOUSE
MADAME EAMES
TO POSITIVELY
SING TO-NIGHT
"FAUST."
BY GOUNOD.
Marguerite
Mme. Emma Eames
Marta Miss Bauermeister
Siebel. ..ML'ss Carrie Bridewell
Faust Mr. Salignac
Valentin Mr. Campanari
Wagner Mr. Dufriche
Mephistopheles
Mr. Ed de Reszke
Conductor, Mr. Seppilli.
Eames Assures Mr. Grau
She Will Sing
To-Night
MANAGER GRAU of the grand
opera company was feeling in a
very much happier mood during
last evening's performance of
"Les Huguenots" than he was
on the previous night.
A big house had gathered last evening
and filled the theater, but what pleased
the manager most was a dainty perfumed
note that he had received from Mme.
Err.ma Eames, giving the welcome news
that she had quite recovered from her
slight cold and would positively sing this
evening in "Faust."
Society was not in evidence at the
Grand Opera-house last night, when
"Les Huguenots" was given at popular
prices. The theater was given over, how
ever, to lovers of music, many of whom
doubtless had economized for a week in
order to witness a performance by the
Grau combination.
The stage and palco boxes were empty,
but tne seats at $1. $2 and $3 were
almost entirely sold. For two hours hun
dreds of men and women waited patient
ly in front of the theater for the doors to
open so that they might secure admis
sion to the house for $1.
It is an extreme pleasure to watch the
audience on one of Grau's popular-priced
nights. There is no attempt at lavish
dress on the part of the women, though
ihe majority wear their best. The men
do not care to show up in evening clothes,
crush hats and white gloves. The audi
ence came to the theater last night to
hear "Les Huguenots." and they were
there for that purpose solely.
Audience EnjoyS Musical Feast.
The musical bill of fare presented by
the management was a musical feast, and
was thoroughly enjoyed by the big audi
ence. The cast was a superb one. and
included Gadski, Homer, Bauermeister,
Van Cauteren, Suzanne Adams. Dippei,
Muhlmann, Bars, Reiss, Viviani, Du
friche. Vanni. Journet and Scotti.
"Society" nights have not heard such
tremendous applause as was given the
singers last evening. There were times
when the orchestra was drowned out by
the plaudits in the midst of a scene, but
Conductor Plon and his men were not in
duced thereby to stop playing and repeat
a number. The audience gave all the
singers ovations at the end of the acts,
and Madame Gadski fairly beamed with
delight when called before the footlights.
There will surely be a brilliant house to
night, when Madame Eames is to sing
Marguerite in "Faust." Salignac is to
sing Faust and de Reszke is to sing
Mephistopheles, while Campanari is to be
heard again as Valentine.
"Die Walkure" is to be repeated to
morrow evening, with Gadski, Schumann-
Heink, Reuss-Belce, Van Dyck, Blass and
Bispham in the cast.
On Wednesday night the double bill of
"Don Pasquale" and "Pagliacci" should
fill the opera-house to the doors. Sem
brich. Scotti, Tavecchia and Declery are
ftiEALY CASE IS STILL
ATTRACTING ATTENTION
Mexican Officials Claim That tho
American Abstracted Papers
From Court Records.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 24.— Much at
tention is being given to the case of W.
EL Mealy, an American miner, who had
made complaint to the American Em
bassador regarding alleged ill treatment
by officials and fudges in Northeastern
Mexico. A charge is made against Mealy
ih&.t he is in contempt of court for the
abstraction of papers in a litiga
tion which were part of the court records.
Mealy was released on bail and has ap
pealed to the Federal Circuit Covirt in
this city. Mealy's charge that he was
confined in jail at Monterery with mur
derers and thieves is denied here.
United States Embassador Clayton has,
it is said, incurred the enmity of Meaiy
and his friends because of the Embassa
dor's refusing to tako alleged unproved
charges to President Diaz.
Mealy asserts that he is menaced with
being dispossessed or mining property
worth several million dollars.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 24.— The Cunard liner
ITmbrla. Captain Dutton. did not sail for New
York until 9:50 p. m., having been detained
by fop.
LONDON. Xov. 25.— Colonel Arthur Lynch,
tho newly elected Member of Parliament for
Gal way, lias been informed that If he comes
to England he will be tiled lor treason.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1901.
THREE OF GRAU'S FAMOUS
SINGERS WHO APPEARED
LAST EVENING.
to sing In "Don Pasquale," and Fritzi-
Scheff, De Marehi, Declery, Reiss and
Campanari are to appear in "Pagliacci.
To Sing at Popular Prices.
A matinee will be given on Thanksgiv
ing day. the bill being "Romeo et Juli
ette," with Sybil Sanderson, Bridewell,
Journet, Gilibert, Declery and Salignac in
the leading roles. Popular prices will rule
at this matinee.
On Thursday night "Die Meistersinger"
is to be repeated, and once again will
Gadski, Schumann-Helnk, Dippei, Muhl
mann, Bispham and De Reszke be heard
in the great composition.
Madame Eames is to sing "Aida" on
Friday night, Sembrich is to repeat her
triumph in "II Barbiere di Siviglla" at
the Saturday matinee, and on Saturday
night Madame Calve will return to sing
In "Carmen."
For the extra week of the season com
mencing on Monday, December 2, Mana
ger Grau will present extraordinary at
tractions at popular prices.
"Le Nozzi di Figaro" is to be given,
with Eames and Sembrich. A double bill,
consisting of "La Boheme" and "Cavalle
ria Rusticana," with Calve in the latter
work, will also be given. "Tristan and
Isolde" is to be sung with a great cast:
Calve and Sanderson are to sing in "Car
men," and other unrivaled combinations
of singers will close the season.
TWO SENATORS
OPPOSE TREATY
Money and Harris Will
Not Support the New
Canal Measure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, .N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— 0n1y two
Senators are known to the President to
be hostile to the isthmian canal treaty
just signed by Secretary Hay and Lori
Pauncefote. These Senators are Money
of Mississippi and Harris of Kansas.
Though the British Government has ac
ceded to all of the demands made by the
Senate, it would not surprise officials
should Money and Harris be supported by
other Senators when the ratification of
the treaty Is under discussion.
The number of the recalcitrants will
not, however, be large. Reports have
been current that Senator Mason of Il
linois would vote against the treaty, but
he has given the authorities to under
stand that his vote will be in the affirma
tive column when the Senate acts.
CUMBERLAND. Md., Nov. 24.— One of the
heaviest snow storms for years has been pre
vailing at Oakland and Terra Alta, W. Va.,
on the summit of the Alleghany mountains,
eince yesterday. .
HAVANA. Nov. 24.— The campaign of Senor
Tomas Kstrada Palma for the Presidency of
Cuba was opened last night in Havana with
an overflow meeting at the Tacon Theater.
Gadski and Associates
Arouse Hearty
Applause.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON
THE HUGUENOTS," with a very
good cast, drew a large audience
last night at the Grand Opera
house. All the singers as an
nounced came up to time, and
the audience was lavish in its applause.
The opera always draws for one reason
and another, its large cast, of course, the
first consideration. Last night's cast
gained in Dippel as Raoul and lost in
Journet as Marcel over its first repre
sentation this season, with De Marehi
and De Reszke in the aforesaid roles. But
it was a good performance all round, M.
Flon conducting with some little spirit,
though not with the exquisite precision of
Seppilli.
Mme. Gadski was the Valentine and
sang and acted with all her customary
charm. The audience greeted her work
with the hearty applause it deserved,
and in best voice she responded to the
enthusiasm. Gadski has never disap
pointed us yet. She has always th;tt
warm, sweet voice of hers in exquisite
trim, and she sings in a wholusoms,
whole-hearted way that wins a regard
much deeper than any mere perfection of
vocalism alone could do. She is loved
both as woman and grtwt Dippel was a
distinct gain over De Marehi as Raoul,
though the litter has a voice that over
tops Dippel's both in quality and power.
De Marehi was new and nervous in the
part, but it will be a different story in a
year from now or sooner. Meantime Dip
pel is the most useful all round tenor the
company boasts, assigned sometimes
tasks too great for his capacities, but an
all round competent singer. His Raoul
is very satisfying, and, .in the first act
particularly, he did some admirable sing
ing, his voice showing to unusual advan
tage. He invests the part with a plausi
ble air it generally lacks, and helped
courageously to leaven the dreariness of
the third act whenever he got half a
chance.
Suzanne Adams, who substituted for
Sybil Sanderson, indisposed, in the part
of Marguerite di Valois. did just as well
as she did the first night, which is say
ing a good deal. Her voice is finely flex
ible, and the difficult coloratura work was
done with delicious ease in a voice that
apparently is as yet impervious to cli
mate. Louise Homer was again the Page
Urbain, and sang her one song with her
usual aplomb. Miss Bauermeister— what
would the company do without Miss
Bauermeister?— helped things harmoni
ous as one of the maids of honor, and
Mme. Van Cauteren was the other.
Scottl added to his innumerable dis
tinctions another eminently satisfying
rendering of the Comte de Nevers' role,
and Mr. Journet was spirited but uncer
tain as Marcel.
To-night "Faust" is announced, with
Eames. Campanari, Sallgnac and De
Reszke in the cast.
CHAMBERLAIN INCIDENT
IS DYING OUT IN GEHMANY
Count yon Bulow Is Expected to Taks
a Finn Stand Against the
Speech.
LONDON Nov. 25.— With the moderat
ing tone of ..the German press the acute
phase of the Chamberlain incident is re
garded as already passed. Whether the
agitation will be renewed or die out alto
gether will now depend upon the attitude
Count yon Bulow, the German Imperial
Chancellor, assumes in the Reichstag.
It has been reported that Count yon Bu
•low will take a firm stand against Cham
berlain's Edinburgh remarks, being noth
ing loth to use the agitation in Germany
as a lever to assist the naval programme
of Emperor William.
The discussion still simmers In the Brit
ish press.
The Daily Chronicle says to-day:
"It should be plain to thoughtful Amer
icans that' this agitation in Germany is an
expression of an animus not aimed ex
clusively at one branch of the Anglo-
Saxon race. It is probable that, if South
Africa were peaceful, the Philippines
would be the subject of German pen and
pencil fantasies."
The Daily Chronicle recalls the Dewey-
Diedrichs incident and quotes largely from
Sydney Brook's article in the Atlantic
Monthly as proving "the necessity for an
alliance between the Anglo-Saxon peo
ples."
REVIEWS WORK
OF DEPARTMENT
Secretary of the Interior
Hitchcock Suggests
Many Changes.
Calls Attention to the Neces^
sity of Eeclaiming Arid
Lands.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— The annual
report of Secretary Hitchcock of the In
terior Department, made public to-day,
indorses the conclusions submitted by
Commissioner of Indian Affairs Jones re
garding the present Indian educational
system. The Secretary says:
The management of the Indian service In the
field and schools, while satisfactory under ex
isting: conditions, is not deemed to be the best
for the welfare of the jnaian9 and different
methods will hereafter be adopted. This policy
contemplates requiring the working by Indian
all«ttees able to do so of a fair portion of
lands allotted them and the contributing by
their industry to their own support of all not
entirely disqualified by .ictjal disability, phy- j
steal or otherwise, the discontinuance of th^ |
issue of rations to those able to support them
selves and the extension to the latter of every
possible aid for their well-being and encourage
ment; the inauguration of Industrial training
in all schools which are now established, so
that such Indians of both sexes may be taught
the trades or industries adapted to their cir
cumstances.
The income of the various Indian
tribes from all sources aggregated $5,358,
80, a falling off of $260,952, mostly due to
the expiration of treaty obligations. The
curriculum of Indian schools, the Secre
tary says, should be restricted to the
common school course, and the further
extension of non-n.servation schools
should not be permitted. In the future
full leasing privileges will be confined to
those whose disability or inability actu
ally disqualifies them from working any
part of their allotments, and in a lesser
degree to those whose disability prevents
their working more than a small part ot
their allotments, all other allottees to be
required to work at least forty acres oC
their allotment.
The Dawes Commission to the five civil
ized tribes in the Indian Territory re
ports that the rolls of membership of ony
one nation, the Sem'noles, so far have
been approved, and th<=ir lands have no'
yet been entirely allotted. The time can
not be fixed with certainty when the en
rollment of 'ie four remaining tribes wll
•be finished. There is a vast amount of
labor yet to be performed by the commis
sion, and Secretary Hitchcock recorr
mends that the comnrrsion be increased
by four members.
Tavors Construction of Reservoirs.
The report says that ihe act of June '&,
1887, known as the timber ana stone act.
if not repealed or radically amended will
result ultimately in th; complete destruc
tion of the timber on the unappropriated
and unreserved public lands.
The time has arrived, according to the
Secretary, when r-eservoirs must be built !
and managed aj a part cf a national sys
tem of forest and water conservation.
They cannot be successful if maintained,
however, without a thorough system of
forest protection. The introduction of
practical forestry on the forest reserves
has now begun. The general policy, a3
announced in an outline memorandum to |
the Commissioner of ihe General Land
Office, is that additional forest reserves,
with boundaries drawn to liberate the
smallest amount of scrip, should be cre
ated during this winter.
The good will of the residents in or near |
the reserves should be gained, forest fires
guarded against and +he resources of the
reserves should be made available for the I
conservative use of the. people. Systemat- I
ie investigation designed to make them
accessible and useful should be under- ;
taken, and each forest reserve and part
thereof should be dealt with on its own i
merits.
The report highly Indorses the vrork j
and recommendations of Commissioner of '
Pensions Evans, and says that the veter- \
ans have no more sincere friend th*n
their Commissioner, "who has served aa
an enlisted man in che armies of the
United States, and he but maintains and ;
defends the honor of their patriotic ser- :
vice when refusing to ignore both the let
ter and spirit of the law, he declines to )
permit the impostor, whether claimant or I
agent, to share in the bounty provided I
for the veteran and those dependent upon ;
him."
On the question of leclamation of the !
arid region the Secretary says:
Tbe investigations which have been carried on j
demonstrate that there is no one question now j
before the people of the United States of
greater importance than the conservation of
the water supply and the reclamation of the !
arid lands of the West and their settlement !
by men who will actually build homes and \
create communities.
Central Pacific Railroad Debt.
It is recommended tliut construction at .
once be begun as follows: The San Car- I
los storage reservoir, in Arizona, reclaim
ing 100,000 acres or more of public land, at !
an estimated cost of Sl.040.000; reservoirs ;
in the Sierra Nevada?, in California, for
reclaiming desert land 3in Nevada, and
the diversion of St. Mary's River into the .
headwaters of Milk TtiVer, In Montana |
An appropriation of $2f(-,000 is asked to '.
carry on the hydrographic work of the j
geological survey.
The Secretary says the net earnings ot
the bond-aided and lard grant rallroacie
amount to over $13,000,000, and the increane I
in gross earnings to *?.7,000.000. The in- |
crease in expenses for Ihe year was over j
$24,000,000. The debt of the Central Pa- \
clflc road to the United States now stands •
at $58,812,715.
The Secretary submits the annual re
port received from the Maritime Canal j
Company of Nicaragua, which shows that \
since its organization 11,145 shares of it? !
capital stock have been subscribed for at
par, aggregating $1,145,000, and that the
total amount of cash received in the j
treasury as reported by the company is |
$1 174 603. The expenses of the company |
have been $1,172,771 in cash, 31,990 shares I
of full paid capital stock, $5,000,000 of fiist
mortgage bonds and its obligation for !
$1,885,000 of these first mortgage bonds. It i
also has issued ISO.OOO .shares of jts capital
stock at par value in payment of conces
sionary rights, etc. The liabilities of the
company consist of tho amount still due
under its concession r-f the $1,885,000 of
bonds mentioned and of cash liabilities
outstanding aggregating $200,000. Its as
sets comprise its unused capital stock,
the $1.155,100 first mortgage bonds and the |
2420 shares of capital stock received in I
liquidation of the claim against the Nica
raguan Can-al Construction Company, tne
concession, etc., and the plant, railways,
supplies and other property in Central
America.
NOTED CATHOLIC PRELATE
RECEIVES HIGH HONOR
Rector Conaty of the University at
Washington Consecrated Titular
Bishop of Samos.
BALTIMORE. Nov. 24.— At the cathe
dral this morning Mgr. Thomas A.
Conaty, rector of the Catholic University
at Washington, was consecrated Titular
Bishop of Samos. An unusually large
number of Archbishops and" Bishops of
the American hierarchy, as well as many
clergymen from all parts of the country,
were present. Among them were Arch
bishops John Ireland of St. Paul and John
J Keane of Dubuque and Bishop J. L.
Spanieling of- Peoria.
Cardinal Gibbons was the consecrating
prelate and Very Rev. Thomas J. Shahan.
professor of church history at the uni
versity, preached the sermon.^
The elevation of Mgr. Conaqp comes as
a recognition of his labors in behalf of
Catholic education and also as a token
of the appreciation of the Pope 1 for the
recent very apparent increase In standing
and influence of the institution of which
the Bishop is the head.
The position of Tuular Bishop of Samos
is entirely honorary, the See of Samos,
from which the title Is derived, having
been extinct for many generations.
Football Player May Die.
OMAHA, i ov. 24.— WtHiam Caryell, left
halfback of the Omaha High School foot
ball eleven, received injuries in yester
day's game with Lincoln High School
which will probably prove fatal. Cary
ell's spine was so badl- twisted that it re
sulted in concussion. He has lost the use
of his legs £>.nd arms.
NOT IN DANGER
OF HOSTILITIES
Argentine and Chile Will
Reach an Amicable
• Settlement.
Demarcation of the Boundary
the Only Serious Dispute at
Present Time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, X.
W., WASHINGTON*. Nov. 24.—Informa
tion received in Washington convinces the
authorities that an' amicable settlement
of what is known as the pathway dispute
between Chile and Argentine will be ef
fected. This is gertainly the view of Senor
Don Elionoro Infante, Charge d'Affaires
of Chile in this city.
"There is absolutely no foundation for
the report that there is danger of war
between Chile and Argentine," said
Senor Infante- this afternoon. "While It
is true that a question has recently arisen
in connection with the construction of al
leged military roads, the two Governments
have discussed the matter in the best
spirit. They have consistently endeavored
to effect a satisfactory settlement, and I
have no doubt that an agreement will be
reached, if it has not already been at
tained.
"Argentine is well disposed toward
Chile and has no more intention, I am
sure, of fomenting- trouble than has Chile.
The relations of the two states are grow
ing closer every day. The only serious
question Chile has had with Argentine
"was in connection with the demarcation
of the boundary line, and it is submitted
to the King of England for determination.
"The latest question— that of cutting
pathways for the use of surveyors in con
nection with the arbitration proceedings
had no importance. The pathways are
not military roads and are not designed
for military purposes. A3 I have stated,
they have been cut only to facilitate Lhe
work of the surveyors.
"I regret that an impression exists in
certain quarters that Chile is opposed to
arbitration, for it is false. Chile not only
believes in this method of settling dis
putes, but she has practiced it on many
occasions."
Society Sees Brutal Sport.
CITY OF MEXICO. Nov. 24.— The bull ;
fighting season In Mexico opened this i
afternoon with Mazzantini, the famous !
Spanish matador, in the arena. Many
prominent people in the sdfeial and politi- '
cal world of Mexico, including Cabinet !
Ministers, were present. Two boxes were ,
occupied by members of the United States ;
delegation to the Pan-American confer- ,
ence and parties of Mexican friends. The j
fight was remarkable for the slaughter of |
horses, twelve being gored to death.
HIGHLAND, Kan.. Nov. 24.— J. F. Ward, a
member of the City Council, crushed J. E.
Springer's skull with a club, fatally wounding
him, after Springer had twice shot him, the
result of an old-time family feud.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Children's Shoes,
Like Ducks,
I Should Shed
I Water. ,
I Our Box Calf Shoes
I Are Waterproof.
'tl ' - 5 ¦ ' to 8, 90c.
I B'^ toll, $1.00.
g . UK to 2, SLIS.
1 Special for Monday. All sizes, ail
I widths. A solid, warm, warranted shoe,
Lippitt &
1945 Street.
945 Market Street.
Open. Wednesday Evening Till 10
/' < O'clock.
MUNYON'S INHALER
¦.. • rATADDH
,^^^v-v"s»^ •'. ¦* Colds Coughs^
jfJlißi?^»SiL Influenza, Bren- |
ci wiE I cnitis > Asthma
fißrMP' 1 1 and all Diseases
IB wr\ Wof the Throat
¦ .' ; and Lungs.
. Clouds of Medicated Vapor are inhaled through
the mouth and emitted from the nostrils, cleans-
ing and vaporizing all the inflamed and diseased
parts which cannot be reached by medicine taken
into the stomach. . . . . -
It reach?* thesore spots— heals the raw places
>— ooe to the seat nf disease-acts as abalm and
tonic to the whole tv*tem-fl.OO at dritgqists or
by mail -Mvnvon. New York and Philadelphia. ,
Xjgjv DR. MEYERS & CO.
'¦;/ff+r%\ SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
/11?*_eJ \ Established- ISSL Con-
§Dß. MEYERS CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN,
Established ISSL Con-
sultation and private book
taSi'"^ -I free at office or by mail.
\ ilMliwsJ / Cures guaranteed.
\&3?W 731 MARKET, ST.
'^i^iy SAN FRANCISCO. CAi.
RADWAYS READY RELIKI has stood
unrivaled * before . the public ¦ for 50 years ¦¦ as a
Pain Remedy. ' It instantly relieves and quickly
cures " al! . Colds, : Sore Throats. Influenza. | Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
1 lor Malaria and all Bowel Fains, All druggist*.
APVERTISKBTEITTS.
AT, >fIEAMH
L To whom /I
1 should you go 1 1
• I for reliable health
• I flour if not to The 1!
H-O Co.? "Hoi- I
grane" is an en- I
tire wheat, flour II
sold and guaran- I!
teed by The H-O nl ''
Company ,millers I]J
of H-O (Horn- |
by's Steam I
Cooked Oat- U
meal.) I j
OCEAN TRAVEL. "
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
:IN Steamers leave Broadway
I I^. Wharf, San Francisco:
I IB^. For Alaskan ports— ll a. m..
I i^"V_ Nov. 27. 12. 17. 22, 27, Deo. J.
1 pEJ^wOH^ Change to company's stearn-
l fIIsPCSiB cr For l Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i ; fBSvIWS For Victoria. Vancouver •a.
mWms&Z I C ) Port Townsend. Seattle,
i r^^Bßt Tacoma. Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.)— a. m.. _
HUM!
j and Newport-Steamer Cferona. -Saturday..
9 For'Enseriada. Magdalena Bay. Jose del
; Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata La a p^.. Santa i Rcsa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— lo a. m., 7tn or eacn
j m For b further Information obtain the company's
fO The rS comp a ny reserves the right to eh«n«
• steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
W TfCK&V -^i *•• Montgomery
8t GOODALL e p H F°KKTNS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. « N: CO,
Only S*«>«»«a»»l»l-K> Xj1x»«» **»
PORTLAND, Or.,
I And Short Rail Line from Portland to «TJ
pointx East. Throafth tickets to aIT
point*, xl' rVil ~m itsn-nshm an»l rail, at
LOWEST H-A.'X'.fcJS.
STZAMSB TICKST3 ISCLODE BBRTH»a4 HBAI.S.
H COLUMBIA Sails.... Nov. 24, Dec. *, 14. 34
S. GEO. W. ELDER __
."„ Sails Nov. 19. 29. Dec. 9. 19. 29
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
i D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg-y. S. F.
TOYOKISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
i Kobe (Hlcgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
i ' .'.... Wednesday" December 11. 190t
¦ S.S 'AMERICA MART" V"— —
j Saturday. January 4. 1302
S.S'HONGKONG MART' ianuary M. 1902
I Thursday. January 30. 1M?
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company s office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
BIT TOHK. SCUTHAXPTOH. LONDON. TUB*. .
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. -
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ....Dec. 4 Philadelphia ....Dec. B
: st Paul Dec. « St. Paul Jan. 1
St' Louis Dec. 18 Zeeland Jan. 3
RED STAR LINE.
Now York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
•Zeeland Dec. 4 *Vaderland Dec. S
| Friesland Dec. 11 Kensington Jan. 1
, "Southwark Dec. IS 'Zeeland Jan. S .
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Yapores
! To. Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard's. Pier 10, 12 m. . ,-
PALENA Nov. 3 TTCAPEL Dec. Zl
I CHILI Dec. 7 AREQUIPA ...Jan. 4
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
i tral and South American passenger servlc*.
' (No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
: and passenger office. 318 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
!©ceaoKS.s.c« r =3s
m imi DIRECT LIRE TO TAHITI.
: S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Nov. 29,10 a. m.
i SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. Dec. 5, 10 a. m.
S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu >...-.
Saturday, Dec. 14, 2 p m.
J. 0. SP3ECXELS & BIOS. CD., Esnarai Aprts, 327 Harlot »
: Ken'i Passenger Offlft, 643 Market St., Mar Ho, 7. PadSelt
I < PANAMA R. VHST
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST.
Cabin. {105; Steerage. HO: Meals Free.
:8. S. Argyll . sails Sat Jay, De;. ?
! S. S. Leelanaw sails
S. S. Argyll sails
From Howard-street wharf (Tier 10.> ittp. a. S
Freight and Passenger Of See. 330 Market st. )
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent. '
! COMPABICIB GENERALE TRANSATIiANTIQn3
; DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^.-
Sailing every Thursday, instead of •<2Sfftsy>
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. •«¦¦¦»
North River, foot of Morton street. '" ,
First class to Havr?. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, " $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building), few
York. J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
i Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS
FOR 0. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEi)
Steamers GEM. FR13813 or MONTICELLI
I 9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. .except Sun- .
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. escape
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 60
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
I i>f flee, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
I BROS.
! i =s
.• ¦« Bi ? *» Is • Don-poiaonoiM
- i>iffllalHh?a remedy for Gonorrhoea,
*r%Sß&mttr\wK%B!St Gleet, Spormatorrhoea,
£i££r CURES T&i White*, uanatnral di»-
Vi n ito 5 <l»j§. charges, or »ny inflpmnitt-
fVV o»ar»at«e-i to ** tion, irritation or ulcers- .
iZlPinmt ec3o(i«Q. tion of mucous mem- :\
*S^©6s BB _ a -rtS^y tV°°< orTboitlaa, f5.79.
" ; OI»^WB|pMK^ B Circular wot oa ClliiH.MOB GATHERS
AT PORTLAND
PRISON GATE
Detectives Capture th!>
Slayers of James
Morrow.
Spirit Them to the County
Jail to Foil Plans of
Lynchers.
Trro Notorious Thugs Confess the
Crime, but Each Claims the
Other Fired the Fatal
Shot.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 24.— Startling de
velopments in the Morrow murder case
resulted in the arrest early this morning
of "Jack" Wade, alias "Kid" McFadden.
and William H. Dalton as principals.
Haunted by the knowledge that he was
implicated in the shedding of human
blood and unable by word or action to
hide the fact of his guilt, Dalton con
fessed his connection with the crime and
threw the blame for its execution upon
Wade- "Wade after being arrested and
subjected to a rigid sweat box examina
tion by the police also made a confession,
in which he declared that Dalton com
mitted the murder. The arrests were
made by Detectives Day and Weiner.
When the fact became known that the
murderers were arresttd a great crowd
gathered- around the City Jail. Guards of
police were stationed there to restrain
the surging mob. Tnreats of lynching
were frequent. The 11 on- workers of the
east side, in which trade young Morrow
forked, started to organize to hang the
f-wo men. The arrested men were spirited
&*ray to the County Jail, where they arc
kept safely against the angry crowd. No
outbreak occurred, law and order ele
ments prevailing.
Dalton's Version of the Crime.
Dalton will turn State's evidence. He
tolls the following story of the crime:
"Wade and I came d»wn from Seattle.
We had been in several hold-ups there.
On Wednesday he told me where we coul i
pick up a piece of money. He said he
knew a gambler that we could lay for
and relieve of a nice wad. That night we
wandered over to the East Side, where
the man was supposed to go on his way
home. A little after *2 o'clock we saw
the boy, James Morrow, coming down the
street.
'• You stay here,' said Wade. I stopped,
and he walKed toward the boy.
# "I heard the shot fired, and saw him
come walking back with the pistol in his
hand. I thought he was going to shoot
me.
" "The ought to have held up his
hands,' ace said. c 't
"Then we hid the pistol and came back
to the city. On Friday Wade threatened
to leave me and get out of town. I did
not like this, and thought I would tell all
1 Knew."
Wade Blames His Confederate.
The story Wade tells is similar. He
charges Dalton with having planned the
• ~ "nold-up, and says:
? "Dalton had the pistol. When he saw
: morrow approaching he walked up to
him and told him to throw up his hands.
lilorrow had both hands in his pocket,
und when he drew them, out his money
ciinksd so that Dalton grew alarmed and
believed that Morrow was drawing a pis
tcl. Daltcn fired and shot Morrow througn
the left eye."
The clew that led to the arrest was
given by a lodging-house keeper, Mrs. W.
'£. Whitlock, where the men roomed.
They engaged their rooms on Wednesday,
and that night, after the murder, Mrs.
(Jock, wno had remained up until the
return of her lodgers, saw them come in
intoxicated, wet and muddy.
v The next day she heard of the murder,
The suspicion formed in her mind that
her lodgers were connected with the
crime. Yesterday she found that the two
men had robbed her of $60. This fact, in
connection with her previous suspicions,
led her to consult an attorney, who ad
vised her to see District Attorney Cham
berlain. She faced the men on Saturday
night and told them that she had in
formed the police. Dalton weakened and
confessed to her that her suspicions were
correct.
"Keep still, Mrs. Whitiock," he said,
"and we will share the $500 reward."
Has a Long' Criminal Record.
When Detective Day and District At
torney Chamberlain arrived Dalton re
peated his confession and told where
Wade was to be found. He was captured
at 4 o'clock this morning in a Third-street
rooming house.
Wade is regarded as the principal in
A the affair. He is a Pennsylvania man
\ and served a term in the Montana peni
tentiary. He has a record as a thuir.
Dalton will be allowed to turn State's
evidence, and the effort will be made to
fix the crime upon Wade.
The boy who was murdered on Thurs
day morning when on his way home from
a visit to his fiancee was buried to-day.
IRISH PATRIOT DYING
IN A PUBLIC HOSPITAL
Martin Hogan. Rescued From Van
Diemens Land Is Now
a County Charge.
CHICAGO, Nov. 24.— Martin Hogan. an
Irish patriot, who was rescued from Van
Diemens Land, Australia, in 1869, is dy
ing at the County Hospital. He is one
of the seven men convicted with John
Boyle O'Reilly, in 1668. of treason against
the British Government and sentenced to
be shot.
The- sentence was commuted to life im
prisonment, and afterward reduced to
¦ y years of penal servitude. With
lily, he was confined in various Eng
risons until 1867, when he, with his
r-ompanions, was banished to Van Die
mens Land.
In 1869 the whaling ship Catalpa was fit
ted out to rescue O'Reilly and his com-
T'anions. Before its arrival O'Reilly es
caped at night in an open boat, and was
fl upat sea by an American whaler.
A few weeks later the Catalpa rescued
n and five companions.
.an. who has lived in Chicago for
thar. a quarter of a century, has
¦ f>n in straitened circumstances for a
if ng time.
Motor Car Demolished.
ROME, Nov. 24.— During a motor car
iam Turin to Bologna, between the
f Abruzzi and Signor Cotelletti, the
machine, while going at the rate
miles an hour, came into collision
B milestone. The car was smashed,
bat the Duke escaped with trifling ln
uripp. Sigrior Cotelletti covered 224 miles
. hours and a half.
Hunter Killed by Comrade.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 24.— While a
of Portland men were duck-hunt
¦ Columbia Slough, Eix miles from
' :ty. to-day. Sidney Spreadborough
-hoi :n the head and killed by S. B.
.-. A flock of ducks approached the
v,here Spreadborough and Banks
ac, and both men rose simul
ia shoot. Banks fired in a
ght line, and the charge of shot
.-"prea-dbcirough.
Salinas Men Allege Fraud.
PAI/IXAS, Nov. 24.— John Barr, a we!'-
I man of about 30 years, was ar
:s city last « vening f - .- obtain
f oney by false pretenses. He claims
c come irom San Francisco about
tto or three days agru. Three business
men cached checks for him on the Mon
terey County Bank to the aggregate
amount of $50. He was preparing to leave
for Hoilister by private conveyance when
arrested bj Sheriff Keet
SENATOR ONEAL MARRIES
CHARGING SAN JOSE GIRL
Thirty-F.rst District's Representative in the
Upper House of the Legis'ature Wins
the Hand of Miss Anna F. Hatman
SWORD AVENGES
BOXER MASSACRE
Captain Chou and Thir
teen Others Are Put
to Death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Nov. 24.— Mail advices from
the Orient contain an account written by
a native for the Shanghai Daily News of
the recent execution in Hangchow of Cap
tain Chou and thirteen others who partic
ipated in the Boxer massacre in Chuchou
in September of last year. Captain Chou
commanded Chuchou garrison on that oc
casion and was the highest military offi
cial executed in reparation of Boxer out
rages.
Chou was executed at daybreak. His
son and eldest grandson endeavored to see
him on that morning, but were re
fused. He was brought out on foot,
clothed in black. In appearance he was
short and stout, white haired and growing
bald, being 50 years old. Officials present
offered him wine, which he declined. Ac
cording to the rule for criminals of rank,
he knelt and worshiped toward the
north, to thank the Emperor for his will.
Even a decree of death issued by the Em
peror is to be received with thanksgiving.
Chou was then thrust into an old sedan
chair and carried to the execution ground
ontside the Tsingpo gate. Here three
bamboo sheds had been erected, the cen
tral one containing the imperial decree of
decapitation. Chou sighed deeply on pass
ing this tablet, and, on seating himself on
the ground, said to the executioner:
"Finish it up well."
With two strokes of a sword his head
was severed from his body. The provin*
cial Judge passed by as the execution
took place, that he might personally re
port it to the throne.
Chou's son gave $6 to have his father's
head sewed upon the body and the corpse
was then placed in a coffin by the family.
Thirteen common prisoners were put to
death several days later, with little cere
mony. Their relatives were permitted to
take leave of them. Three of them told
their families to live better lives in the
future and avoid criminal acts.
One executioner beheaded the entire
thirteen within six minutes. He was
clothed with only a towel wrapped about
his loins and a cloth over his head. He
grasped the sword in both hands, striking
downward with all his might.
The beheading of these men has strick
en terror to the Boxer leaders about
Hangchou, teaching them that they must
not again stir up trouble. The effect has
also been to greatly enhance the influence
of the missionaries and consuls.
KILLED IN A WRECK
WHILE STEALING A RIDE
Workman Is Crushed to Death Be
tween Two Cars That Jump
From the Rails.
REDDING, Nov. 24.— A fatal railway
accident occurred near Middle Creek sta
tion, three niiles above Redding, late last
night. A southbound freight was ap
proaching the station when the wheel of
a box car broke and the car was thrown
from the rails. It pulled a second car
with it, and the two turned completely
over and were reduced to debris. J.
S rlngfield, a workingman. 40 years of
age, was killed. Stringfleld was beating
his way and is believed to have been rid
ing between the cars. Papers on his
body disclosed his name and the fact
that he had a brother, Renie String-field,
In Stella, Neb., and another brother
somewhere in California.
The track was torn up and the south
bound Oregon express, due here at 10:45
o'clock last night, was delayed until 5
o'clock this morning, while the track
was being cleared and repaired.
San Jose Banquets Odd Fellows.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 24.— The San Francisco
I. O. O. F. relief committee, fifty strong,
headed by Past President F. I*. Turpln
of the committee, inspected the new site
of the Odd Fellows' home near this city
to-day. Last evening the committee was
the guest of the local lodges of Odd Fel
lows and Rebekahs. A musical and liter
ary programme preceded the banquet.
After inspecting the site given the Grani
Lodg-e the visitors were taken to Alum
Rock Park. In the party were J. M. Mc-
Dougall, Treasurer-elect of San Francis
co; J. Morton of San Mateo, a member of
the Board of Trustees, and Dr. W. N.
Hilton, superintendent of the Odd Fel
lows' Hcme at Thermalito They were
highly pleased with the location.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1901.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 24.— State Senator
Louis Oneal was married at noon
to-day to Miss Anna F. Hatman,
one of the prettiest and most ac
complished young ladies of this
city. The wedding was a quiet affair,
only the immediate relatives of the two
being present. Rev. Dr. Mockridge of
Trinity Episcopal Church performed the
ceremony in the parish house, which had
been handsomely decorated with potted
plants and flowers. Miss Lucile Edwards
of Ohio was bridesmaid fend Joseph Ed
mondson of this city best man.
After a wedding feast at the home of
the bride's parents Senator and Mrs.
Oneal started for Nevada and a short
tour in the East.
The Senator's marriage comes as a sur
prise to many, for he has carefully guard
ed his love secret. Miss Hatman was
one of the most popular young ladies in
the city. She is a daughter of ex-Coun
cilman and Mrs. F. D. Hatman.
Mr. Oneal is an attorney of this city,
and at present represents the Thirty
first District in the Senate.
STATE SENATOR AND THE
YOUNG LADY WHO HAS BE
COME HIS BRIDE.
MEN OF MODOC
THRONG ALTURAS
Trial of James Brown, the
Alleged Lyncher,
Opens To-Day.
ALTURAS Nov. 24.— Once more Alturas
is at fever heat over the trial of James
Brown, who was acting Constable on the
night of the Lookout lynching, and was
one of the guards who had charge of
Calvin Hall, his two sons and Daniel
Yantis. The trial will begin to-morrow
morning. One hundred talesmen have
been summoned and eighty witnesses sub
penaed. Brown will be prosecuted by
District Attorney Bonner, Attorney Post
and Attorney Sturtevant, the latter two
representing the State, while the defense
will be represented by Spencer & Raker
and Judge Harris. The attorneys have
all arrived, and jurors and witnesses are
coming in by dozens. An exciting trial is
looked for.
James Brown's wife and little girl are
here, and will be present during the trial.
It is a conjecture whether or not a jury
can be obtained from the venire of 100,
and in all probability another venire will
have to be issued by the court.
Since the town of Alturas has been in
corporated it is against law and order to
carry concealed weapons, and those en
tering the courtroom may be searched
for firearms. No trouble is expected, and,
while the town is crowded, everything Is
quiet.
ELOPES WITH YOUNG
GARDEN CITY MISS
San Francisco Barber Incurs Wrath
of Girl's Father and May Be
Arrested for Perjury.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 24.— Philip Cellottl, a
San Francisco barber, and Miss Josie Ma
kranga, a 17-year-old girl of this city,
were secretly married here yesterday. To
day the couple eloped to San Francisco.
The father of the girl swears vengeance,
and declares he will prosecute Cellottl.
Cellotti arrived here yesterday and pro
cured a marriage- license. He declared
Miss Makranga was 18 years of age, and
her father alleges that In this he com
mitted perjury. The young lovers visited
Justice Wallace, who performed the cere
mony, after which the girl returned to her
home. Early this morning she left the
house, ostensibly to attend mass in St. Jo
seph's Church. She did not return and
later It was learned that she had left town
with the San Francisco barber. Then the
parents first got news of the marriage
To-night Mrs. Makranga, who was pros
trated by grief over her daughter's act
was under the care of a physician. The
father says that ue will spend money to
send Cellotti to prison for perjury. He will
swear out a warrant for the man's arrest
to-morrow. . .
LARKSPT7B METT ENJOY
SIDEWALK-BULL DING BEE
Lay Ten Blocks of Planking and Ara
Rewarded With Pie and Cake
by the Ladies.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 24.— The people of
Larkspur had a busy time to-day. As a
result of their efforts ten blocks of new
board sidewalk was laid in the town bo
fore sundown. Some time ago the need
of better sidewalks was felt, and meas
ures were adopted by the citizens to fill
the want. An improvement club was
formed and the public tpirited Larkspur
ites volunteered their services as wielders
of saws and hammers. To-day nearly a'l
the able-bodied men ip the town were at
work on the sidewalks. The ladlei
brought them pies and cakes, and did the
Red Cross act when c. wobbly hammer
fell upon a thumb.
ARDMORE. I. T.. Nov. 24.— Judge Townsend
will next month dissolve the Injunction granted
to non-citizen merchants restraining the Indian
tribal authorities from closing their stores for
refusing to pay the tribal taxes.
TROOPS RAID
THE CAMP OF
UNION MINERS
Kentucky Militia Aids in
the Arrest of the
Strikers.
Men Who Defy Authorities
for Two Months Made
v Prisoners.
Forcible Measures Taken to Break
Up the Rendezvous of Represen
tatives of the Mine-Work
ers of America..
MADISONVILLE, Ky., Nov. 24.— The fa
mous camp of the striking- miners, a quar
ter of a mile south of Nortonville, in the
southern part of this county, is a thing
of the past.
To-night there is nothing to mark the
rendezvous of those who defied the offi
cers, and even the courts, and gave the
State and county authorities so much
trouble during the past two months, save
ash heaps and the usual marks of debris
incident to camp life.
All of the campers on whom the sun rose
this morning, with the exception of a few
who escaped the officers, are prisoners
behind the bars of the County Jail,
charged by County Judge Hall with "a
breach of the peace, unlawfully assem
bling and banding together, thereby mak
ing the camp a menace and terror + o the
public peace."
The lour large tents, with all the camp
paraphernalia, were captured to-day and
brought in with the prisoners.
Responsible for Night Attacks.
Last Wednesday County Judge Hall is
sued an order commanding that the camp
be disbanded before Saturday morning at
daybreak, and that the campers not as
semble again in the county. Judge Hall
issued the order after receiving sworn
statements from more than 100 reliable
men, who declared that armed men going
forth from these camps were responsible
for the nightly attacks on the mines and
upon the homes of peaceable, law-abiding
citizens. He stated that the union camp
was an unlawful assembly of men banded
together for the purpose of destroying
property and intimidating men who per
sisted in working independent of the
United Mine Workers of America, "who
have had representatives in Hopkins
County for more than a year trying to
persuade and force the miners employed
in the mines to join their organization."
Judge Hall made* a careful investigation
before acting, and was then supported by
the Governor of the State and the entire
militan- force.
Campers Hurl Defiance.
After President "Wood of the United
Mine Workers and Judge Yost, chief coun
sel for the union, demonstrated their in
tention not to heed the orders of the court
and hurled defiance in the face of the offi
cers, Judge Kail called Adjutant General
Murray and the two companies of State
guards from Madison ville and Hopkins
ville. The plans for carrying out the or
der were completed last night and a spe
cial train left Madisonville for the scene
at 6:30 o'clock to-day, carrying Judge
Hall, Sheriff Hankins, two deputy Sher
iffs, General Murray, his aids, Captain
Ellis of Owensboro, Captain Gordon of
Frankfort and Captains Powers and
Strong, with the Madisonville and Hop
kinsville companies. The train took the
siding at Nortonville, and Judge Hall and
the Sheriff and his deputies drove to the
camp, a quarter of a mile distant. It was
found that all of the men save twenty
five or thirty had left, taking with them
the arms and ammunition. Judge Hall or
dered those present arrested and the four
large tents torn down and started to Nor
tonville.
Prisoners Decide to Walk.
"When the time came to remove the pris
oners to the train they refused to budge,
saying the officers would have to remove
them, which one of the deputies proceeded
to do. Stepping down he picked up one
of the men and shouldered him. The offi
cer was not very particular about the
way he carried the prisoner, and just as
he 'was in the act of throwing him into
the wagon, the man begged to be allowed
to walk. The others seeing that no fool
ishness was to be tolerated agreed to
walk also.
Arriving at the camp early this morning,
the first thing that attracted attention
was a piece of canvas about a yard square
on which was printed the following no
tice in lines to represent poetry:
"U. M. W. of A.— We have come to stay
with Hopkins County people until we get
a check weighman on the tipple to weigh
our coal and pay us in gold and eight
hours a day and payments every two
weeks, will be the order of the U. M. W.
of A."
Resistance Not Offered. -
When the officers arrived the camp was
in charge of Arlie Oates, first lieutenant
of the Greenville camp of Kentucky State
Guards, and the same man who was re
ported to have been killed in last Sun
day's battle at Providence. He was very
polite, and offered no resistance to the
officers. He and twenty other members
of the camp were taken into custody.
Oates and Jim Platt, one of the campers,
escaped at Nortonville and neither has
been captured.
One of the features of the capture was
the absence of negroes. Yesterday there
were more than a hundred negroes in
camp. The men who are held as prisoners
will be tried on the charge of unlawfully
assembling, causing a breach of the peace
and banding and confederating together
to violate the law.
Judge Evans of the Louisville district of
the Federal Court will hear the arguments
in the injunction cases to-morrow at Ow
ensboro.
Two attorneys for the coal operators in
the county have been gathering evidence
with a view of making the injunction is
sued several days ago by Judge Evans
permanent, and include all the mines in
the county as well as that in the Reinecke
district.
The injunction enjoined the strikers
from assembling within gunshot range of
the Reinecke mining property.
STRIKERS RETURN TO WORK. ;
— : —
Heavy Storm Raging on the Harlem \
River Retards Their Labors.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24.— There was a rush
of business at the Harlem River yards of
the New York, New Haven and Hartford
Railway to-day, for at 10 o'clock In the
morning all the men who went on strike
last Tuesday went back to work.
The work was somewhat interrupted by
the high tide in the Harlem River, this
being caused by the big easterly storm
which was raging. The tide covered the
approaches to the car floats so that the
work of shipping cars down the river
could not be done. The average rise of ,
the Harlem from low to high water is :
about five feet, but to-day the tide rose ;
about three feet above the average.
- At noon the tide receded somewhat and
four floats containing sixteen men each !
were landed at the yards. These floats
came from the depot in Jersey City and
were loaded with perishable freight.
The first train to leave the yards under
the direction of the old men left at 1
o'clock and the men lined up all along the
track cheering.
The headquarters of the strikers was !
deserted all day, giving evidence that the |
strike is over for good.
Commits Suicide by Hanging.
MODESTO, Nov. 24.— James Sonners, a
native of Denmark, aged about 45 years,
committeed suicide near this city last
night or early this morning: by hansing
himself to a tree. His body was found
this afternoon. He was a member of
Wildey Lodge, Independent Order of Odd
Fellows, of this city.
RESCUERS RECOVER EIGHT
BODIES FROM WEST MINE
Men Who Entered the Shaft Friday to Ascer
tain the Extent of the Damage Caused
by the Fire Are Killed by White Damp
-rf-^ LTJEFIELD, W. Va., Nov. 24.—
V |_)/ ' The j bodies :of ; the last party of
Cs^C 5^ eight •*, well-known .mining • met;
2/ ¦:¦ who entered the West mine of the
; - V - ..; Pocahontas )\ Collieries /•. Company
on Friday morning last at 11 o'clock were
recovered at noon to--icy. -,; '
; At '•'.! o'clock this < morning a¦¦ rescuing
party numbering forty persons entered ' at
the main entrance, ( b«Mtting "the ; mine |as
they went j in in order to ' improve the cir
culation of - : the air. V They had reached a
distance of 3000 k feet I from - the , : entrance'
when they encountered such quantities of
white damp that it was impossible to pro
ceed . further. V . Retracing ; their steps, they
decided ' to make : another attempt " from
the Tug River entrance,' six miles across
the Flat Top Mountain.' They went in at
this entrance J ; about 10:30 v o'clock, ¦; and
after going a distance ,'of . 600 c feet found
the bodies of A. S. Hurst, chief Inspector;
Bob '. Oldham, sub-inspector, 3 and Frazer
G. Bell ,", mining engineer, - huddled ¦ togeth
er. From their, positions they must have
'met death suddenly ana without pain. 'Ah
were . lying face downward, with no signs
of a < struggle. Hurst i had made • a pillow
of his coat, on which his head rested. 7^
The bodies of the other five members* of
the party, Superintendent of Mines Wa'
<ter O'Malley; Joseph Cordwell, the super
intendent of the Shamokin Coal and Coke
Company; R. E. St. Clair, second assist
ant inspector; State Mine Inspector Price
and Maurice St. Clair, sub-inspector, were
found several , hundred feet back in : tho
mine, three of the bodies lying some little
Punishes a Cursing Chinese.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 24.— Because Ah Sing,
the Chinese, cook In the family of ex-
Councilman J. P. Jarman, was repri
manded while preparing the Sunday din
ner, he became "sassy," and before he
realized what he had said to Mrs. Jar
man's sister he was a patient in the Re
ceiving Hospital. Ed Williams, a son-lh
law of Jarman's, pounced upon the Chi
nese after he had uttered a curse. Wil
liams knocked Ah Sing down and gave
him a severe beating. Ah, who was at
tended by Dr. H. C. Brown, had a cut
lip that required two stitches, a lump as
big as an egg on his forehead and was
otherwise bruised. Besides these phys
ical injuries he lost his position.
.We fully believe that our store gives a customer more actual clothing value for his money
than any other store San Francisco. These are our reasons for thinking as we do: The
clothing is made by us in our own ; workshops. What other dealers l must pay a jobber for his
profit — which is anyway 25 per cen— we take and put into th? making and quality of our gar-
ments. On this principle, our $9 suit equals in every the usual $12 suit. We manufac-
ture in large quantities for our retail and wholesale stores and thus reduce the manufacturing
cost. This, too, enables us to sell at low prices. •
. , Our claims are backed up with this guarantee: Any customer can have his money back
if he wants it. The customer who keeps the suit can have any repairing done free for a year.
These privileges, together with the large assortment, warrant your purchasing it you
want a maximum value for a minimum price.
These values may interest you: 1 .
Suits--$9.00 Overcoats-- $9.00 Trousers--$1.95
\ We have as 9 suit made from Now is the time for your new For a limited time we are
serge, cheviot, tweed and wor- overcoat— we have a swell offering worsted paints at a very
sted in solid colors and fancy assortment in black cheviots, exceptional price. Although
patterns that is the best value blue kerseys and tan coverts the value of the pants is $2 50
we ever offered for the price. at $9. the special price is $1.95. ' '
Sale of Reefer Coats and Suits for Boys
As a rule, children's clothing passes through the hands of two or three dealers before* it
'reaches the consumer. Every dealer makes his profit and the customer has to pay for it all. Nj
he doesn't have to — he can buy here and buy direct from the makers, where goods are sold at
only one fair profit. The middlemen's profits are fully 25 per cent. Now, why not keep this
for yourself and use it for buying the r boy.-hats or furnishings? Money back to any customer if
we cannot demonstrate to his entire satisfaction the superiority of our Values.
Reefer Coats
;¦' ; '•"¦¦¦* jdffi^Sv  '; Made of covert eld th or brown frieze, with inlaid velvet "_^
/w**°\ collar, good winter weight material; ages 3 to 8 years; price, isr&?\
. ''.[¦¦'jjfffljihfe^'.;' Sailor Suits and Two-Piece Suits vX
if|pitll^Wi\ Sailor suits, made of -blue cheviot material, with black- or -tidssNttk -i?>Jv
cmS^amm^^mi Ted braid trimmings; good suits for winter wear; ages 3 to 10. £§k '&X
fewtlkliPi^ Two-piece suits, made of tweeds in gray and 'brown mix- #«l]/rf»iSi
' -'SffiwllffPili ¦ tures, for school wear;, will wear well; ages 7to 15; price, IMjmWM&m
'¦Wi§Wl 1 Shirt waists for - boys - separable belt known as "Mother's ' JspffPlf llltolMwlll '
¦' (||l|l[i||Mi^ Friend" belt, ages 4to 12, special till the end of the month '^^^p-fwTO^jffipa
Boys' golf caps, big assortment, 25c. r- 0^
vWii"!^^ Write for our illustrated cataloguo, "What to Wear."
Vgglljw Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
W 718 Market Street.
distance apart.
Eob St. Clair and Joseph Cardwell wera
lying with arms claspeu around each oth
er, cold in death. The bodies of O'Malley,
Maurice St. Clair and Price were discol
ored and bruised about the face, showing
signs of a struggle, it being very plain to
see that they made a desperate attempt
at retracing their step 3 to better air, but
they had advanced too far into the dead
ly white damp to escape alive.
It is said by members of the rescuinjr
party that Hurst, Bell and Oldham would
hardly have lost ther lives but for the
fact that they lost their way, entering a
chamber near one of the passages from
the Baby mine, m which the deadly white
damp had accumulated in great quantity.
The bodies were very much swollen ard
had been attacked by mine rats. They
were brought out at another entrance
than that at which they entered. They
were removed in wagons to Pocahontas,
where they will be prepared for burial.
The men met death on the West Virginia,
side, and Mine Inspector Paul of West
Virginia, who arrived on the scene to
day, gives it as his opinion that the men
were overcome by white damp.
Secretary-Treasurer Charles Thome of
Philadelphia, who war. here when the
men started into the mine last Friday, en
deavored to dissuade them from entering,
telling them he regarded the venture a
very perilous one.
The fire is still burning in the Baby
mine, and the mine officials seem at a
loss to understand how it will be finally
extinguished. Mine experts say there is
great danger of explosions by flooding the
mine.
Labor Crisis Approaching.
NANAIMO, B. C, Nov. 24.— The an
nouncement that Premier Dunsmuir is
anxious to engage Finn miners is likely
to precipitate a serious labor crisis on
Vancouver Island. Mr. Dunsmuir has al
ready refused to allow his employes to
amalgamate their organization with that
at Nanaimo. Last night the executives
of the miners' unions in the district met
and decided to call a meetine of all the
underground men, which will be held
here on December 7, and at which a de
cision regarding amagamation probably
will be reached.
NET' YORK, Nov. 24.— A son was born to
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred G. Vanderbllt to-night.
GOLD SEAMS
OLD CHANNEL
NEAR FOLSOM
Recent Strike Proves to
Be of Remarkable
Richness.
Single Pan Yields One Hun
dred and Thirty- Five
Dollars.
District Is Believed to Contain Great*
est Metal-Bearing Gravel De
posit Ever Discovered
in California.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FOLSOM, Nov. 24.— The remarkabl*
strike of $90 to the pan at the Gray and
Wing mine last Thursday was almost
doubled today. One hundred and thlrty
nve dollars was taken from one pan. The
streak is seven feet wide and literally
seamed with gold. Seemingly this
will prove to be the richest gravel de
posit that has ever been discovered in
California.
Mining activity In this vicinity is still
unabated and local companies are being
incorporated to prospect for the channel
near the outskirts of Folsom. Experta
assert that the channel runs through the
Natoma grant, which adjoins the town.
It 4s believed by experts that the Blue
Ravine mines, which have yielded about
J 1,000,000 in the last three years, do not
ouch the main channel, but are on the
east vein. Between these two mines
there is a high point of ped rock, and it
is believed that the main channel goes
through the Gray and Wing mines on the
west.
The discovery of the ancient channel
has given an impetus to mining industry
in this district. Ground is being bonded
by San Francisco mining companies and
operations will begin immediately.
34
MONDAY ........... NOVEMBER : 25, 1901
- "i JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
AUrtst All CcnmnßiesUoni U W. 8. LEAKS, Maugn.
MANAGER'S OFFICE ...... Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL R00M5..... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
* ¦ Single Copies. 5 Cents. -
Terms by Mall, Including' Postage 1
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year Jt.oo
DAILY CALL {including. Sunday), C months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including; Sunday), 8 months.".... 1.50
DAILY CALL— Single Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL, On* Year................. 1.50
¦WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample cosies •will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE . . . i . 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Cuiger Foreign Advertising, Kirqoette Bulging, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTO> .... ... .... . . ..... Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 80 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS* STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, *1 . Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE . . . 1406 G St., N. W.
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S" Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:SO o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 635
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. €15 Larkln, open until
9:56 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
' corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky. open until 9 o'clock.
200 FUlmore. open until 9 p.m. ¦ .
AJIUSEBLENTS.
Central— "Siberia."
Alcazar— "We 'Uns of Tennessee." .J~~l\'- -.¦.
Columbia— "The Girl From Maxim's. *•
Grand Opera-house— "Faust."
California— Yonson."
Tivoli— "The Geisha."
Chutes, Zoo and Vaudeville every afternoon anc
evening.
Fischer' s — Vaudeville.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day."* v
FIGURES VERSUS FACTS.
THE uniform increase in the volume of business
which has prevailed throughout the country for
many months was broken last week by a falling
off of 9 per cent at Boston and one of 1.7 per cent at
Baltimore. These are small losses, and are note
worthy only because not one of the important cities
has shown any decrease for a long time. The total
clearances, too. were smaller, falling to a gain of 6.1
per cent over the corresponding week of 1900. while
the increase at most oi the large centers was consider
ably lighter than of late, that at^Ne.v York, for in
stance, amounting to only 7.4 per cent, against 50. 60,
and even as high as 100 per cent for some time back.
These figures would seem to indicate a decreasing
volume of business throughout the country, but the
commercial reports from the different sections show
no falling off in the movement of produce and mer
chandise, if a decline in provisions, accompanied with
slowly accumulating stocks, at Chicago be excepted.
There is the same complaint of the scarcity of cars
to handle the freight offered, the same flattering re
ports from the iron trade, the same mention of the
iarge re-order demand from jobbers almpst every
where, and a general report of a large demand for
holiday goods. In the iron trade, especially, the Call
for pig iron has caused another advance of 50 cents
and $r per ton at almost all markets, while the Chi
cago steel rail milis. which produce one-third of the
national output, are sold one year ahead. Locomo
tive works are also sold far in advance, while Central
Western mills will not p-omise deliveries of steel bars
under sixty days, and structural material is hard to
get. The New England boot and shoe factories are
so busy that the usual closedown between seasons
will be generally omitted this year. All this does not
look like any falling off in trade, as indicated by the
steadily decreasing bank clearings.
Most staples stand about the same as a week ago.
Hides are easing off somewhat and are quoted quieter
at a number of points, and several grocery staples
have declined during the past week. The tendency
in provisions, as mentioned above, is downward,
though the decline is slight and very slow. A large
increase in the American visible supply of wheat,
coupled with liberal supplies on passage to the Euro
pean consuming countries, has checked the advance
previously noted in this cereal, though wheat is being
fed to stock' in laVge quantities, not only in this coun
try but in Europe, owing to the light supplies of
corn and oats, both of which are in urgent demand
all over the West. The woolen and cotton industries
remain as before.
vYall street is running along without much excite
ment these days. The stock market is in strong
hands, and any decline is promptly checked by the
enormous corporate interests, which will not permit
the market to go down, even if brute financial
strength b required to hold it up. If values recede
to-day they recover to-morrow. The banks are watch
ing this business carefully and are wondering how
long the great moneyed interests of the country are
going to jemain on the long side of stocks. They are
getting conservative about their loans on the indus
trials, too. but have plenty of funds for good securi
ties, nevertheless, at rormal rates of interest. Ex
ports of gold from New York to Europe last week
attracted general attention, but nobody seemed to
know why the gold was going there — whether to re
store some scattering balances or to meet a Euro
pean demand for funds, or for investment. Various
causes were assigned, but even Wall street itself pro
fessed ignorance as to<he real definite cause. At any
rate, the shipments produced no effect of conse
quence, as the country has plenty of gold.
Our local situation remains without change, gen
eral activity and prosperity being reported through
out the city and State.
A. recent snowstorm covered the whole central re
gion of New York with ten inches of snow, and the
foolish people began to get ready for sleigh-riding
instead of taking the first train for California.
More and more it is becoming evident to Congress
men that the people arc satisfied with the condition of
industry ?nd trade and are opposed to any one-sided
reciprocity treaties or any tinkering with the tariff.
THE OIL RATE HEARING.
WHEN the Railroad Commission, after having
made a small reduction in oil rates, sud
denly set the decision aside and called for
a rehearing the public expected something funny to
happen. The expectation was increased by the state
ment of the Commissioners that the rehearing was
granted at the request of the railroad in order to
permit the oil men to make a better showing. As
it was the first time on record that the loser in a suit
ever asked for a new trial for the purpose of giving
the winner an opportunity to get a bigger verdict, it
was recognized that the commission had introduced
a novelty in its business and that the vaudeville stage
was no longer to have a monopoly of original stunts.
The rehearing is now under way, and enough has
been already brought forth to satisfy the expectations
of comedy. In the first place, to the surprise of the
commission, the oil men have really strengthened
their case by producing evidence from' Traffic Man
ager Bissell of the Santa Fe road to the effect that
while the Southern Pacific charges the general oil
traffic from $5 to $7 per car for hauling over the
Kern district switch, it charges the Santa Fe road
only $1 50 per car for the same service. Here is a
gross discrimination in rates and a proof that the
Southern Pacific makes a charge of as much as $7
for a service it can afford to render and does render
to certain parties for $1 50.
It was when the witnesses for the Southern Pacific
came to the front, however*- that the comic stunts
began. These witnesses one and all gave solemn
seeming and high sounding reasons in support of the
doctrine that cheap height rates would be injurious
to producers and to consumers. If that view be correct
then the world walks in darkness and the Southern
Pacific has the true light. From immemorial time it
has been believed that anything which cheapened
transportation was a public benefit. In that belief
men of all times and all nations have labored to im
prove their roads, to construct bridges and in every
way to facilitate traffic. It was for that they substi
tuted the locomotive for the stage coach and the
steamboat for the sailing vessel. Now it is argued
they were all wrong. High freights are a public
blessing. J»
The witnesses who were brought in by Mr. Her
rin to sustain his new contention were from Los An
geles. They admitted that cheaper rates would admit
the Kern wells to compete with the Los Angeles
wells, and possibly that fact may have had something
to do with their opinion that high freight rates are
necessary for the welfare of Kern. One of the wit
nesses said: "In my opinion a low freight rate tends
to reduce the price of oil and brings no benefit s to
either the producer or the consumer." Another said
that if low rates were established "consumers would
hesitate to install an oil plant for fear the price of
oil would go down." A third witness declared the
oil men ought to form a combination to store and
control the output, that the present way of doing
business is a waste of $20 gold pieces. Lastly there
was a witness who declared that even if the railroad
and the producer were equitably compensated lower
freight rates and lower prices of oil to the con
sumer would not benefit the community.
It would appear from all that testimony that the
reason we have not developed manufacturing enter
prises in California is because fuel and freight rates
have been too cheap. Were we to make them still
cheaper nobody would install an oil plant. The dis
covery of oil is a menace to the industries of the
State, and the only way we can save ourselves is to
apply to the Southern Pacific Company to act the
philanthropist and fix freight rates so high that oil
cannot be furnished to the consumer for less than
present prices.
Had such statements been made by Bill Nye or
Mark Twain or Martin Dooley they would have been
greeted with roars of laughter. They turn all estab
lished principles of economics topsy-turvy and up
side down. They excite yearnings for an abolition
of railroads and a return to ox teams. They give
rise to a suspicion that the reason why the Southern
Pacific hauls oil for the Santa Fe at $1 50 per car
while charging oil men $7 is an expectation that the
cheap haul and cheap fuel will ruin the Santa Fe and
thus rid the Southern Pacific of competition. The
rehearing is to be resumed to-day. There is no tell
ing what doctrines will be sworn to before the day
is over.
It is to be noted that Commissioner Edson. who
made the motion and voted for the rehearing, is a
candidate for nomination for the office of Governor
of California.
From the frequency and the ardor with which the
British are now declaring their love for Americans
&nd their desire for an Anglo-Saxon alliance it would
not be surprising if some day they should send in an
application for admission as a State.
THE FIGHT FOR RECIPROCITY.
DISPATCHES from our special correspondent
at Washington are to the effect that the fail
ure of the foes of the protective system to
control the reciprocity convention at the capital has
had no other effect than that of increasing their ac
tivity. He reports that some of the large exporters
of manufactured goods have not given up the fight
and that efforts are being made to induce the Presi
dent and the Cabinet to believe that public senti
ment favors the reciprocity system.
It must not be supposed that the men who are
making this fight are sanguine of success at the com
ing session. In fact, our correspondent reports that
Mr. Kasscn, who negotiated the treaties now before
the Senate, admits that he has no hope of their adop- "
tion at this session and is even of the opinion that
the clauses of the Dingley tariff providing for re
ciprocity treaties may be done away with. Further
more, it is known that many of the most influential
leaders in both houses have declared their opposition
to the treaties and that these men are well assured of
the support of the Republican majority.
The real fight of the opponents of protection is to
make up in Congress this winter an issue on which
to appeal to the people at the next Congressional
elections. The whole course of the reciprocity agita
tion tends to that- ccnclusion. The New England
Free Trade League, which has transformed itself into
"The National Free Trade League," is warmly advo
cating reciprocity as a step toward breaking down
the protective system. With the free traders will be
joined the whole varied mass of so-called tariff re
formers. "Reciprocity" will be their battle-cry for
the present, and so far as they can do so by a vig
oroua campaign of education they will form a public
sentiment to support them when the elections take
place.
Despite the strength of the protective sentiment in
Congress and in the country at large, it is not to be
denied that the free traders have in the present situ
ation of political parties much to encourage them to
THE SAN FKA3SCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1901.
renew their fight. In the first place the Democratic
party has long been seeking a new issue and a new
leader. Free silver is an obsolete idea and Bryan has
lost his leadership. There are needed for the party
a new platform and a new candidate. A free trade
campaign under the mask of reciprocity offers them
an opportunity to attain both. It is therefore fairly
certain they will lend the party machine to aid the
fight, and the potency of that machine is well known.
Another important factor in the problem that will
count on the side of the promoters of the new move
ment is the giant manufacturing element which is
willing to sacrifice many American interests for the
sake of obtaining foreign markets for its own
products. That element is not strong enough to con
trol the manufacturing interests as a whole, but it is
strong enough to maintain a powerful lobby at Wash
ington and to contribute liberally to a reciprocity
agitation.
All signs, therefore, point to the conclusion that
the country is in danger of having its industries dis
turbed by another free trade agitation. It is a fairly
safe prediction that If any sort of success be accom
plished by them either in Congress this winter or in
the elections next fall the free traders will so develop
their agitation as to make a repeal of the protective
system the chief issue of the next Presidential elec
tion. There is no serious danger that such an appeal
will be sustained by the people, but the agitation
would fill the country with uncertainty and seriously
interfere with trade and industry. It is therefore de
sirable that the movement be decisively checked at
once. To accomplish that we must rely upon the
Republican majority in Congress. The protective
system must be maintained whether its enemy take
the name of free trade or of reciprocity.
The Panama Canal Company has not yet given up
the fight. It is said the company will appeal from
the Isthmian Canal Commission to Congress and
make an offer that will seem like putting the Panama
enterprise on the bargain counter. The suggestion
is interesting, but as Congress is not composed of
ladies a bargain counter proposition ought not to
stampede them.
FINANCIAL reports are to the effect that the
Japanese Government has for some time past
been trying in vain to place a loan of 50,000,000
yen in New York or in Europe. The negotiations
are said to have failed because both the American
and the European bankers believe that Japan ought
to pay 6 per cent interest, while the Japanese finan
ciers think their country should be able to borrow
money at rates not much, if any, in excess of what
are paid by European nations.
The statements concerning the desired loan are the
more interesting because of the recent publication
in this country and in Europe of the financial showing
made by Japan during the past five years. Accord
ing to the reports the revenue for the last fiscal year
was $138,748,000, while the expenses were $137,046,
00. The surplus was small, but it is to be borne in
mind that of late years very few European nations
have escaped a deficiency.
A notable feature of the report is the extraordinary
increase in both revenues and expenditures during the
last five years. In 1896 the revenues were about
$50,000,000 and the expenditures $43,000,000. Since
that time taxation has been augmented for the pur
pose of providing mainly for the army and the navy.
Large as the increase of taxation has been it has not
been sufficient for all the expenditures of the Gov
ernment, and the national debt has within ten years
increased from $135,000,000 to $260,000,000. The debt
does not seem large to Americans, among whom
there are private citizens who could probably pay it
off. but it is to be remembered that in Japan wages
are low and profits are small. The debt, which seems
slight to us, is a heavy burden to them.
When we turn from the finances of the Government
to the report of business enterprises a much brighter
situation appears. According to the figures given
there are now in Japan 873 industrial companies, with
an aggregate capital of almost $100,000,000; 2518 com
mercial companies, with a capital of almost $240,000,
00, and fifty-five railway companies, with an aggre
gate capital of $135,000,000. It is also stated that there
are 2356 banking companies, with an aggregate capi
tal of $250,000,000.
Another interesting set of figures are those re
lating to the export and import trade of the coun
try. From these we learn that of the exports of the
last fiscal year Japanese produce to the value of
50,000,000 yen was sent to Great Britain and Hong
kong, 52.560,000 yen to the United States, 31,870,000
yen to China, 19,150,000 yen to France, and 3,550,000
yen to German}-. Of the total imports 82,000.000 yen
came from Great Britain and Hongkong, and 2x,
500,000 from British India. 62.760,000 from America,
29,960.000 from China, 29,199,000 from Germany, and
8,095,000 from France.
With such a showing as that Japan ought certainly
to be no suppliant borrower of either the United
States or Europe for so small a sum as 50,000,000 yen,
which is approximately in our money about $25,000.
00. It would seem that she could borrow it for less
than 6 per cent at home.
Senator Plunkett, one of the Tammany leaders, in
an address to his constituents after the overthrow of
Tammany by Seth Low, said: "How are we going
to gfct through the next two years? Speaking for
myself I can say that no Tammany man in my dis
trict will suffer for coal. I've got lots of patronage
outside of politics. I've got 300 men on the street
railroads and I've got a pull with big corporations
that employ thousands of men, and they will take
care of Plunkett's followers until we get back into
office." The frankness of that statement is not more
interesting than the light it throws on the situation
in New York. When big corporations allow a poli
tician to name their employes it is not strange that
it takes something like a revolution to overthrow
the Tammany regime.
Because the Pennsylvania football team was de
feated by Harvard the Pennsylvanians were so much
aroused they held a mass-meeting and resolved to
raise $500,000 to provide their university with the
best gymnasium in America. Scholarship may come
or scholarship may go, but Pennsylvania is going to
keep even in athletics.
One of the results of the great railroad combina
tion between Hill and Morgan is an increased de
mand for the speedy construction of the isthmian
canal. It is admitted that the combination may be
have itself, but shippers prefer to have some kind of
competing line in case the unexpected happens.
The summer season statistics of Alpine climbing
in Switzerland this year show 119 fatal accidents, and
it is doubtful if the American football record will
make anything like such a strenuous showing.
JAPANESE FINANCES.
NEW YORK ZOO OWNS
DOUBLE-HEADED SNAKE
TWO-HEADED REPTILE RECENTLY ADDED TO THE NEW YORK
ZOOLOGICAL PARK. IT IS SAID THAT WHEN FOOD IS OFFERED
ONE HEAD FIGHTS THE OTHER.
A TWO-HEADED snake has recently been placed In the Zoological Park,
New York. The keeper says that when food is offered to the reptile one
head fights the other, and each tries to bite its rival. The writer has not
seen the snake fed, but the necks do not look long enough to allow the
heads to bite each other. Then, again, the snake is not poisonous; but,
of course, the snake does not know that. It does not seem as if the fight ought
to prevent either head getting anything. If either managed to swallow food it
would probably be just as nourishing as if both had done so, though, of course,
one throat might be left feeling hungry.
What will probably prove the snake's salvation is that he does not refuse to
drink. If one of the heads .had to pay for the drinks there might be trouble,
but as long as the Zoological Society sets them up the two heads drink together
as cheerfully as if they belonged to separate drunkards. And one can live for
a long time without food if only one has plenty to drink, as many an expert in
serpents can testify.
The snake recently had some trouble in shedding his skin. Ordinarily a snaka
wiggles his nose till he cracks the skin at the tip of it, and then crawls out
through the hole, but for this snake to do that is like a man trying to take oft
his trousers over his head. The snake accomplished the feat somehow, but no
body knows just how.
PERSONAL MENTION.
M. R. Plaisted. proprietor of the Fresno
Democrat, is at the California.
E. L.. Barkis, a merchant of Oakdale,
registered at the Lick yesterday.
Adolph Flishman, an extensive fruit
grower of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
C. H. A. Warfleld, Sheriff of Merced
County, registered at the Grand yester
day.
A. T. J. Reynolds. £n extensive fruU
grower of Walnut Grove, is among the
arrivals at the Lick.
George M. McMulle.i, accompanied by
his wife, returned from Valdez, Alaska,
and is at present at the Grand.
Colonel A. B. Hotchkiss arrived from
New York yesterday en route to his horn.?
in Lop Angeles. He is at the Grand.
William Wood, one of the leading insur
ance men of New York City, arrived he 1 c
yesterday and is a guest at the Palace.
W. Gibson, United Slates Consul of Sal
vador, arrived here yesterday and has
made his headquarters at the Occidental.
Charles Tullock, a cattle man of Oak
dale, is in the city on a short business
trip and has made his .leadquarters at the
Lick.
Miss Minnie Seligman, the well-knowr
actress, is staying at •_ne Palace. She is
here to fill an engagtment. at the Grand
Opera-house after the Grau season.
Charles M. Hammond of Upper Lake,
Lake County, is at the Occidental with his
wife. Mrs. Hammond's maid~n name was
Mlbs Alice Lee and she v>\ . a sister of
President Roosevelt's first wife.
• A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Keeping Them Busy— "There is one way
that King Edward can keep his chaplains
busy."
"What way?"
"Praying for a long reign."— Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
"That boy of ours is a little too clever."
"What is his latest freak?"
"I have just found out that he can
whistle out of one corner of his- mouth,
and at the same time stuff jam into the
other corner."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Millionaire (to his daughter)— Why is it
that the Baron insists upon your being
married so soon?
His Daughter— l'll be frank with you,
father. The tickets for his coronet and
family jewels expire next month.—Brook
lyn Life.
"People are always content with their
children," said Mr. Crusty.
"Yes," answered Mr. Dusty, "if a boy
is diffident they say ho is naturally re
fined, and if he is boisterous they say he
is sure to make his way in the world."—
Washington Star.
Mrs. Noozy— l think it's the most rid.c
ulous thing to call that man in the bank
a "teller."
Mrs. Chumm— Why?
Mrs. Noozy--Because they simply won't
tell at all. I asked one day how much my
husband had on deposit there, and ne
just laughed.— Philadelphia Press.
"The plan of this building is all right."
observed the critical stranger, "but it
seems to me to be poorly executed."
"I knowed the Buildin' Department had
condemned it," replied the red-nosed
loafer, leaning against the lamp-post,
"but I hain't heard of no execution yit."
And his mocking laughter jarred disa
greeably upon the ear.— Chicago Tribune.
"Look at the stuff that goes to waste
in the grocery business," said the lounger
in the store, "and think of the small mar
gin on most of the goods. Where does
the profit come in?"
"The profit," said the impatient man
with the basket on his arm, "comes from
having only one clerk to wait on thirty
six customers."— Chicago Tribune.
"One of the Boston police officers has
invented a scneme for finding Blondln,
the bowlegged suspected murderer. "
"How does it work?"
"He has found a narrow passageway
between two brick buildings, and every
body will be invited to walk through."
"Yes."
"The first man who gets stuck will be
Blondin."— Plain Dealer.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO, the choicest Win
ter Resort in the world, offers the best of
everything. Best living, climate, boating, bath
ing, fishing and most amusements. E. S. Bab
cock, manager, Coronado, Cal.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
TANFORAN-E. E. P., City. Tanforan.
for which a racing park has been named,
derives its name from a man of that
name. This department has not been able
to discover the derivation of the name.
NOTARIES— A. C. R.. Fairfield, Cal.
Notaries in the State of California are
appointed by the Governor. One who de
sires to be a notary should have some
knowledge of drawing up legal docu
ments.
ENGAGEMENT RING— L. H. G., City.
A gentleman who desires to present his
intended an engagement ring should not
buy her "a plain gold band which later on
could be used for a wedding ring." He
should present a jeweled ring of such
value as his means will allow.
ALIENS— F. O. Z.. City. In the United
States an alien may acquire real estate
by purchase, including conveyance and
devise. In such States where there is no
constitutional or statutory prohibition.
The general rule is that aliens cannot ac
quire real estate by purchase or descent.
INTERPRETERS— P. R., City. In San
Francisco the Judges of the Superior
Court may appoint not to exceed five in
terpreters of foreign languages, who shall
act as such interpreters in criminal
actions and proceedings in all courts in
the city and county and in examinations
before Coroner' s juries. The salary of
each interpreter shall not exceed $100 per
month.
NUMBERS-M. C. S. and E. M. C, City.
The use of the comma and the period in
printing for the purpose of marking off
figures is a matter of style, some using
the comma and others using the period,
but the most common style is the comma.
Some do not use any dividing marks, and
the three styles are 5,000, 5.000 and 5000.
According to the most approved style fifty
millions in figures should be as follows:
50,m000.
DRAW POKER— J. T., Calistoga. Cal.
This correspondent asks: "J claims that
if he bet |5 in a game of draw poker and
T calls him, but does not say a word for
a minute and then raises J $5, that T ha?
not the power to do so. Has he?" When
T called J that put an end to the game
and J was forced to show his cards. T,
after calling J. had no right to raise J, no
matter whether he was silent a minute
or a month.
BURIAL AT SEA— S., City. This cor
respondent asks: "I have a relative who
is 6ick with an incurable disease. He
knows that his death is but a matter of
a few months and he has requested that
his remains be taken out to sea for bu
rial. Can this be done without violating
the law?" A permit can be obtained for
the purpose of burying a body outside of
the limits of the city and county. A per
mit in the case might be obtained to re
move the remains to Honolulu or China
and on the way there the body might be
committed to the sea. pr&vided the con
sent of the captain of a vessel could be
obtained to do so. The body could not be
"buried at sea" if within the three-mile
limit of San Francisco's shore line.
INITIATIVE AND REFERENDUM—
A. R., City. Referendum may fee defined
in general as the referring of legislation
to the people for final rejection or ac
ceptance.
The initiative is the giving to the peo
ple the right of proposing legislation to
be acted upon.
According to the referendum as it is
now generally advocated no law, savfc a
strictly defined class of urgent measures
for the public peace, health and safety
which require a tw^-thirds or three
fourths majority to pass, would go into
effect without waiting; a fixed time say
ninety days. If during such time a part
of the voters, say 10 per cent, sign a. pe
tition for the referendum on that law v
would not go into effect until the next
regular election, when the people wou'd
vote upon it, and if a majority vote no it
could not be a law.
The initiative-If a certain percentage
of the voters, say 10 per cent, sign a dL
tition for a law and file it with the DroDer
authorities it must come before the Lee
islature, and perhaps be referred to the
people, whether they petition for it or no*
This is called compulsory referendum"
When the referendum is taken only when
a certain number of people petition for
it, it is called the optional referendum.
Together the referendum and the initia
tive furnish direct legislation.
BRITISH NAVAL
CONSTRUCTOR
TO BE RETIRED
THERE are persistent rumors of
the early ' retirement of William
H. White, director of naval con
struction in the British navy. The
reason ¦ assigned is ' that '. of ill
health,'which, no doubt, is the result of
¦worry over the fiasco in the design of
the new royal yacht. Sir William is 56
years of age. and has had a phenomenally
distinguished career a3 - the foremost
warship designer •in . the world. , He en
tered the Devonport dockyard in "1859 as
an apprentice, and was appointed eight
years later on the admiralty staff under
Sir Edward Reed. In 1881 he was ad
vanced to chief constructor, and resigned
in 1883 to accept the position of naval
constructor to the Armstrong firm at
Elswick. Two years later the admiralty
invited him to accept the office' of di
rector of naval construction, .offering a
salary of $12,500 a year, and Sir William
returned to the admiralty." During this
service of sixteen years he has destjr-Ml
174 vessels, aggregating 861.000 tons, rep
resenting an expenditure of $250,000,000. be
sides a couple of hundred smaller ves
sels, such as destroyers ; and torpedo
boats. The unfortunate climax to such
a hitherto successful career in the build
ing of the royal yacht was the blunder
in calculations by a subordinate for
which Sir William has accepted the
blame, and the British navy loses an of
ficial which it will be difficult to find
an equally competent successor.
• • •
Another one of the frequent changes in
French naval policy has been announced.
The special committee appointed to ex
amine the naval estimates has refused to
allow the appropriation for building, more
heavy battleships. It also recommends
that all old sailing vessels and steamers,
whether armored or not. which are un
able to take their place in the .-fighting
line, should be either sold or destroyed.
The opposition to battleships is a de
batable question, but the recommenda
tion to remove vessels that have "become
obsolete from the navy list is in the lino
of economy and efficiency. < Most rof the
naval powers expend Vast amounts upon, .
vessels of doubtful utility, which money
could be expended with better results on
new construction.
Some amusing Incidents are reported
from Toulon, indicating how difficult* l^
is to obtain in practice the results aimev
at by a theoretically perfect organiza
tion. . ; v . - . » .
At L'Orient those in charge of the tor
pedo-boats forgot to embark their am
munition. The . mechanics taken on
board were unfamiliar with their work,
and several accidents were caused from
this. At Toulon torpedo-boat 62 was sent
to sea in a leaky condition, and its crew,
unaccustomed to the erratic behavior of
the boat,' became seasick. V
The French submarine boat Triton had
an experience while being tried off Cher
bourg last month which Its .crew will
never forget. When In about seven fath
oms of water a new plunging apparatus
was tried, which acted so prompty that
the boat struck bottom and sustained
considerable damage. Water began to
flow in. but the engineer, with rare pres
ence of mind, had the detachable weights
j cast adrift, and the boat rose to the sur
1 face, where the pumps were set to work,
and a tug towed the boat into Cher
bourg.
The Bousasque, a new French sea-go
ing torpedo-boat just completed at.Nor-
I mand's, yard, Havre, made an excellent
run October 26. She left Havre at 10:43
a. m. and arrived at Cherbourg at 1:15^
p. m., making the trip at an averager
: speed of 29 knots. The Bousasque is of]
.160 tons displacement and 4400 liorsepower,
147.7 feet length, 16.7 feet beam and" 8 feet
; draught.
Henri IV, a second-class battleship in
j course of construction for the French
navy, is still far from, completion, al
though the ship was intended to be ready
for sea in 1900. The delay is owing to
I non-delivery of machinery and guns. The
keel was laid at Cherbourg July 15. 1897.
and the launch took place August 23, 1599.
Her general design has been severely crit
icized by foreign experts, the general
I opinion being that the ship would be a
failure, and it is possible that a realiza
tion of this possibility may account for
the delay in completion. .
•*• . - :
Navy building in Germany Is progress
! ing at a rate highly creditable to the of
'¦ ! ficials and r contractors. ;t; t With the launch
I of the Mecklenburg, November ;9,i there
are now 20 battleships afloat and 10 are
lon the stocks. The United States has 13
j battleships afloat, • including- the Maine
and Ohio; which are not to be completed
within eighteen months, and 6 are build
ing. . It Is quite certain that, the 10 Ger
t man battleships will be completed within
j three years from date, arid al3o most
j likely, judging from past experiences,
; that; our ships will not be ready -withir*
: contract time, arid that, therefore, tbWy
; German' navy will have 30 . battleships*
1 ready for service by January. 1905. against
18 in our navy under .the most favorable
circumstances. The strength of a navy
exists in its actual available number of
battleships rather than in the number on
paper, and the United States navy is
therefore not entitled at the present time*
to take fourth place in the rank of naval
powers. BHVWIKp&IESfII ¦'..•
• ¦ . : "•,"'-* • « - ;'.•'•'
Russia is _ evidently . not satisfied' ' with
hcme-made guns of large caliber, as the.
Minister of . Marine has ordered batteries
i of 12-inch guns from France of the Canet
type. • '
. A torpedo-boat was launched last Au
gust from the Neva shipyard at Port
Arthur, being the first of a number to
follow. The vessel is 216.5 feet in length.
21.25 feet beam and displaces 330 ' tons on
a draught of 7-. feet. The engines are of
6000 horsepower, ¦to give a speed of 31
knots, and the armament consists ¦ of
one - 2.95-inch and three 1.85-inch rapid)
flrers. . «¦-•..
• * •
A mammoth shipyard for the construc
tion of vessels of war and other purposes
has been completed at Palermo. ,It has
five f slips, ranging in length from 323
feet Ito 300 feet, the latter length .•* being
capable of a : further increase to £65 feet.
I The - buildings, ¦ labor-savins: appliances
! and machine tools are all up to the latent
modern standard. JC
• • • • ¦ • ¦ • *
The British battleship Formidable mads
her commission trial of three hours Octo
ber 2, and averaged nearly 17 knots.
The British battleship Mars recently
scored 11 hits of 26 shots from her big
guns and 62 hits out of 112 rounds from
her 6-inch quick flrers. 7 ' ••
• • •
The Japanese cruisers - . Nutaka and
Tshushima are to be fitted with Niclausse
boilers. The vessels are n the first of
Japanese design, and are- building in
home yards.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townaend. •
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. Glace Fruit 60c per 1b at Townsend's."
The only thing worse than losing \
woman's love when you want to keep ".
is keeping it when you want to lose it.
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c. 40c. Lor . <
for 81 4th St., front barber and gro-
. Just don't ¦ forget ' that there are whole
lots of things In the world worse than.*
worst we know, and whole ¦ lots t>4tV'
than the best we know. *.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men toy tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042 ** AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF GRAND
OPERA,
Under the Direction of MR. MAURICE GRAU.
• TO-NIGHT at 8. "FAUST." .
Emma Eames, Bridewell: Salignac, Gampa-
r.arl and Ed de Reszke. Conductor, Seppilll.
To-morrow Ev'g, 7:45. "DIE WALKUKE."
Gadski. Schumann-Heink. .Reuss-Belce; Van
Dyck, Blass, Blspham. Conductor Damrosch.
Wed. Ev'b. Nov. 27. at 7:45. DOUBLE BILL.
"DON PASQUALE." Sembrich; ScotU, Ta-
veechia . and Salignac, followed by "I PAG-
LIACCI.V Scheff; De Marchi, Declery, Reiss
and Campanarl. Conductor, Flon.
Thursday Aft.. Nov. 2S, at 2, Extra Matinee.
"ROMEO ET JULIETTE." Sybil Sanderson,
Bridewell; Journet. Gilibert, Declery. Salignac.
Conductor. Flon.
Prices for "Romeo et Juliette" matinee, $2, $3
51 and $5. Boxes. $20, $25 and $30.
Thurs. Ev'g, Nov. 28, at 7:45. "DIE MEIS-
TERSINGER." Gadskl and Schumann-Heink:
Dippcl, Blspham. Muhlmann and Ed de Reszke.
Conductor. Damrosch.
Friday Evg, Nov. 29. at 8, "AID A."
Eames and Louise Homer; Scotti. Journet,
Muhlm&nn and De Marchi. Conductor. Sep-
. pllll. . .
Saturday Aft.. Nov. SO, at 2. "IL BARBIERE
D! SIVIGLIA" (The Barber of Seville). Sem-
brich; Salignac, Campanarl, Tavecchia and Ed
de Reszke. Conductor, SeppHll.
Saturday Evg. Nov. 30. at 8. "CARMEN."
Calve and Frltzl Scheff; De Marchi, Declery
and Scotti. Conductor. Flon.
Prices for these Performances, $!, $3. $4, $5
i and $7. General admission. 12.
X EXTRA FAREWELL PERFORMANCES.
Monday Aft.. Dec. 2. at Joint appearance
of me. Emma Eames and Sembrich In Mo-
zart's Opera, "LE NOZZE DI FIGARO" (The
Marriage of Figaro), with an unprecedented
cast. Eames, Fritzi Scheff and Sembrich; Cam-
. panari and Ed dc Reszke. Conductor, Seppilll. ¦
Monday Ev'k, Dec. 2. at B— DOUBLE BILL.
"LA BOHEME." Suzanne Adams and Scheff:
De Marchi, PereMo, Gilibert and Scotfi. Con-
ductor. Flon. To be followed by "CAVAL-
LERIA RUSTTCANA." Calve. Bridewell; Sa-
lßnac, Declery. Conductor. SeppiUi.
Tuesday Evg. Dec. 3. at 7:45. "TRISTAN
UND ISOLDE." Louise Reuss-Belce and Louise
Homer; Van Dyck. Bispham, Muhlmann. Reiss.
Bars and Ed do Reszke. Conductor. Dam-
ro«ch.
"Wednesday Ev'g. Dec. 4. at Farewell ap-
pearance of Mme. Calve and Mmc, Sybil San-
derson in San Francisco.
Thursday Aft.. Dec. 5. at Farewell Matinee.
. Thursday Ev'g. Dec. 5. at B— Farewell Night.
Subscribers desirous of retaining their seats
for the EXTRA performances must notify the
Box Office on or before Tues. Ev'g. Nov. 26.
The I*alco Boxes will be removed after Satur-
day night's performance this week.
Prices for these Performances. $2. $3, $4 and $3.
Seats now on sale at the Box Office.
WEBER PIANOS USED.
THE PICK OF VAUDEVILLE!
1 La Tortajada. Andy Lewis and Com-
pany. Mile. Taglione, G-oleman's
Trained Dogs and Cats, Kaufmann
Troupe. "Ward and Curran, Bick-
nell, Lillian Burkhart and Com-
pany and the Biograph. /#/:/ # '/:
. Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
*TIV_OLI*
EVERT EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEES SATURDAY. SUNDAY AND
THANKSGIVING DAY at 2 sharp!
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
. First Production by Children in This City of
"THE GEISHA"
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc. 60c and 75c. •
Telephone Bush 9. . ¦
lIAI HUD I A WBFMCISDin
vUbUillU LEADING THEATRE
SECOND AND LAST WEEK. }.
EVERY NIGHT (Including Sunday).
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE (Thurs.)
Thanksgiving Day.
William Collier
In Auerustus Thomas' Phenomenally
Successful Comedy.
"ON THE QUIET."
NEXT MONDAY
THE SPRIGHTLY '-
THE GIRL FROM MAXIM'S."
IMMENSE AUDIENCE DELIGHTED.
UAfti TONIGHT
;\*j| Sptciil Matinee
h^k\ Thankr giving Day,
¦ W I W (Thursday)
YONSON
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next— Sunday. Dec. 1. the N. Y. Manhattan
Theater Comedy Success. "A STRANGER IN
A STRANGE LAND." SEATS THURSDAY.
flV H HAT R CM >
Belasco & Thall Managers
TO-NIGHT AND ALL 'WEEK.
SPECIAL 111 THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 28,
MATINEE 111 THANKSGIVING DAY.
The Beautiful Military Romance,
"WE 'UNS OF
TENNESSEE"
Presented by
A GREAT ALCAZAR CAST.
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
SEATS ON SALE 6 DAYS IN ADVANCE.
NEXT AN ENEMY TO THE KING
BELASCO **«> THALCS jrjjtf&r
'w - — aatarrtuu //-;
> BEGINNING TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS "WEEK.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY.
(THURSDAY. Nov. 28.)
Sumptuous Production of the Powerful Russian
. Drama,
SIBERIA.
REGULAR MATINEES SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY.
me; Evenings 10c. 15c, 25c, SCs. 50c
FBI tJ Matinees 10c 15c 25c
Next Week— "STREETS OF NEW YORK."
rjCrWFR l< concert HOUSE.
Oro, Barnard and Oro; The Spraguellos;
Marion Georre; Maud Treadwell; Eleanor Jen-
kins; V.". V. Strunz and Hlnrlchs* Orchestra.
' Reserved seats 25c. Matinee Sunday.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
- On one side of these magnificent
, _ hotels is the wholesale and manu-
-*f (aciurers* district— on the other . re-
•'-".# tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, .banks and the-.
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the depots, ferries and parks- •
' pass tiio entrance.
American and European plans.
JOYFUL SPIT
RISES IN SONG
Praise Services Are Held
by Various Patriotic
Orders.
Rev. F. X Baker Preaches an
Eloquent Sermon on
the Day.
A special Thanksgiving and harvest ser
vice was held last night at the First
Methodist Episcopal Church. Every seat
in the vast auditorium of the church was
filled. All the councils of the Junior Or
der of American Mechanics, Abraham
Lincoln Xo. 2, Starr King No. 8, U. S.
Grant No. 19 and Alexander Hamilton No.
35, were present and participated in the
exercises. The members of California
Council No. 1 and Martha Washington
No. 2, Daughters of Liberty, were also
present.
A most attractive programme of exer
cises was rendered. The opening num
bers consisted of an organ, prelude, a
hymn and invocation, followed by a re
sponsive reading of Psalm xxxiii. Mrs.
Turney led the choir in the anthem "Re
joice in the Lord." The trio from Haydn's
"Creation," "On Thee Each Living Soul
Awaits," was beautifully rendered "by
Mrs. Turney, Mr. Nevegold and Mr.
Crichton.
The chorus "O Lord, How Manifold"
preceded the sermon, which was delivered
by the pastor, Rev. Frank K. Baker. He
took as his theme the "Thanksgiving
Spirit." Rev. Mr. Baker said it was the
duty of all who were the recipients df
God's blessings to be thankful therefor
and to return thanks to him at this sea
son of the year when all are in the height
of the enjoyment of these blessings. Con
tinuing, he said:
Like the Israelites of old all should come to
God with a peace offering of thanksgiving
which would be delightful to God. and double
the offerer's blessins. As the Israelites came
to the altar with festive gladness in their
hearts, because peace was established between
God and themselves, so likewise should we
all unite in a sacrificial banquet of joy over
peace and plenty through our heavenly Fath
er'e good pleasure.
The remainder of the programme was as
follows:
Duo. Mrs. Turney, Mrs. Bolts; offertory, solo,
"With Verdure Clad" (from "Creation"), Mrs.
Robb. violin obligato. Mr. Crichton; anthem,
'While the Earth Remaineth," Mrs. Robb, Mr.
Nevegold and chorus; Glori Patri, people and
choir; benediction; organ postlude, march.
The following named sang in the choir:
Sopranos— Mrs. AY. L. Turney, Mrs. C. C.
Bruce, Miss Elsie Baulslr, Miss Corinne Gyle,
Miss Ruette Lynch, Miss Emma Bartholdi,
Mrs. R. H. Robb. Altos— Mrs. S. A. Bolts, Mrs.
O. V. Mendenhall, Miss Grace Hipkins, Mrs.
Vaughn, Miss G. Shepherd, Miss Eva Hart.
Tenors— W. F. Nevegold, F. Adams, H. J.
Mattern, G. H. Luithie. Bassos— F. C. Fish
J. R. Potter, Carl Crichton, G. W. Shepherd
C. TV. Merwin. Organist— Miss Harriet Fish.
Director— Percy A. R. Dow.
DETECTIVE BELIEVES
DOLAN MURDERED MOLE
Gibson Is Satisfied That He Has in
Custody the Guilty-
Man.
Detective Tom Gibson, after a complete
investigation, is satisfied that John Dc lan
killed A. Mole, the longshoreman who
was stabbed to death on O'Farrell street
Friday morning. To-day Dolan will bn
formally charged with the murije;.
W. Chapman, who was with Dolan at
the time, will in all probability be booked
as an accessory. Gibson has the names
of several persons who witness* *1 the
fight that ended in the deatn cf Mole.
They all claim that Chapman held Do
lan's overcoat while he was fighting with
Mole and must have seen the Knife used.
When arrested Chapman's cuff was be
spattered with blood, which he claimed
was caused by raising the body of tue
oead man.
On account of the contradictory state
ments made by Chapman, Gibson is sat
isfied that he knows more about the mur
der than he has told.
Colored Shooter Charged.
Thomas T. Gibbs, the colored man who
shot George Tyler and James Wilson in
the Surprise saloon, 128 Pacific street.
Saturday night, was booked at the City
Prison yesterday on two charges of as
sault to murder. William Smith, another
colored man, who struck Gibbs with j.
cobblestone just prio*- to the shooting,
was booked on a charge of assault wit v !
a deadly weapon. Tyler's and Wilson's
wounds are not serious
ADVERTISEMENTS.
* If you want a
/i good food for your
j infant try Mellin's
A Food. It requires
no cooking and is
easily and quickly m
prepared. Write for j4
a free sample. JP
Mellin's Food Co., J*i
Boston, Mass., U. S. A. ,^^
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Sharon and Merritt, Francis Le Page,
Rose Andrew and Mabel Maie, Les-
lie Brothers, Clinton Montgomery,
i Henrietta Savage.
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
HARRY HARMON, HIGH DIVER.
THIS WEEK'S
AMATEUR NIGHT WEDNESDAY.
- . Telephone for Seats Park 23. ' .
gfe^ RACING
f^«yS2ji Every Week Day
'BT : Rain cr -"-hine.
» EW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
- OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races Etart. at 2:15 d. m. sharp. . : •..-'".~\.'
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m.. and
12:30, ], 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p." m.,; connecting
with trains stopping c.t . the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved lor
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo 1 avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, < Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at. Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars so direct to the" track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track. at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last' race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS.'F. PRICE," Secy, and Mgr. ..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1901.
DISMASTED BARKENTINE CHEHALIS
FINALLY MAKES PORT IN SAFETY
On Her Way Here With a Cargo of Coal She Is Caught in a Hur
ricane and Loses Her Fore and Main Topmasts— Being Unable
to Make Progress Under the Light Winds She Is Behind Time
THE OVERDUE BARKENTINE CHEHALIS AS SHE WAS ENTERING PORT YESTERDAY SHE WAS PAR
TIALLY DISMASTED IN A HURRICANE OFF THE COAST OF AUSTRALIA LAST AUGUST AND THAT
ACCOUNTS FOR THE THIRTY PER CENT REINSURANCE PAID ON HER.
THE overdue barkentine Chehalis
arrived in port yesterday, minus
her fore and main topmasts. She
was caught in a hurricane off
the Maitland Coast, where so
many a stout vessel has met disaster,
and had it not been lot skillful naviga
tion, the Chehalis would have met a
similar fate.
The barkentine is ninety-six days out
from Newcastle, Australia, and the un
derwriters were paying 30 per cent to re
insure their chances. The vessel was
long overdue, as at this time of the year
seventy-six days is aeemed a long pass
age. Then, again, she carried a class of
coal that is liable to spontaneous com
bustion, and that also gave cause for
fe:.r. A few days ago the insurance peo
ple got frightened and the vessel was
posted at 30 per cent. Those who gam
bled on her are now 30 cents on the dol
lar richer than they were Saturday.
In his report Captain Simonson says:
We sailed from Newcastle on August 20 last,
and had fine weather for five days. We were
still off the coast of Australia and in the course
of the reaviest storms that ever blow. A few
years ago the "Maitland" storm almost par
alyzed the world with the disasters it caused,
and I was oft! that 'coast. It was on August
£6 that a heavy gale from the north northeast
came up. It was accompanied by a very high
confused sea. Almost every wave broke aboard
and the shi:? was swept from stem to stern.
Green seas seemed to live aboard, and when
the storm was over our decks were covered
with a growth of sea grass. When the gala
was at its height there was a sudden change
of wind, and before anything could be done the
fore tonmast went by the board and carried
the main topmast with it. In spite of the
gale we managed to cut the wreckage adrift,
after salving the yards and nearly all the
rigging.
After that gale we never got a breeze to
speak of and had to come along like a duck
with a broken wing. We got here, however,
and that is the main thing.
STEAMSHIP PALENA ARRIVES.
Brings Freight and a Few Passengers
From South America.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany's Palena arrived from Valparaiso
and way ports yesterday morning. She
brought considerable cargo from Callao,
Salavery, Guayquil, San Jose de Guate
mala, Acaptla, Acapulco and Mazatlan,
while consideragle way cargo from Eng
land and France was also brought up.
Among the shipments from Mazatlan
was a quantity of salt fish and dry
shrimps, which the Chinese of that port
arc sending to China.
The cabin passengers on the Palena
were :
Rosa Cxley de Page. Kenneth Page, Ruby
Page, Gladys Pace, Rozlta Page, Clarlnda
Brlcnes, Benito F. Smith, William Locke,
Charles Ochs, William Campbell, Carlos Blanco,
Julio Herrera, Juan M. Rubio, Guillermo Gib
son, Maria Gibson, Violeta Melville, Miguel
d'Angelo and Migu-il V. Alvarez.
A Gallant Rescue.
While out on the bay with his launch
Sybil Saturday, Henry Peterson made one
of the most gallant rescues in the his
tory of the water front.
One of the crew of the Albatross named
Peter Williams made an attempt to es
cape. He slipped overboard from the ves
sel and started to swim ashore. When
half way to Folsom street wharf
he found his strength giving out and be
gan to yell for help. Peterson was with
in ear call on his way home from a ship
in the stream. He at once steered for the
sound and made an attempt to rescue
Williams from the deck of the Sybil. He
failed. Williams then threw up his hands
and was going down, when "Pete" threw
off his coat and vest and jumped in after
him. It only took him a moment to reach
the drowning man and then he held him
up until the man in charge of the Sybil
could make a circuit and get back to their
assistance. They were soon aboard the
launch and in ten minutes were ashore.
Peterson forgot all about sending the de
POLICE FEEL CERTAIN
ERICKSON IS INNOCENT
Man Suspected of Looting Office at
Stone's Shipbuilding Yard Is
Released.
Edward Erickson, who was arrested
Saturday night on suspicion of knowing
something about the robbery at F. W.
Stone's shipyard at the foot of Baker
street, was released from custody last
evening, the police being satisfied of his
innocence.
Yesterday afternoon the envelope which
had contained the wages of A. Spatz, the
watchman at the yard, was found con
tiguous to the scene of the crime. It had
been torn open and the contents taken.
Detectives Coleman and Crockett, who
are working on the case, are satisfied
that the hole in the floor of the office
through which the thieves gained an en
trance was cut several days prior to the
robbery. Mr. Stone, the proprietor of the
yard, "feels sure that somebody in his
employ planned the crime.
Would-Be Robbers Captured.
Louis Nave and Frank Band wer-3
booked at the City Prison yesterday by
Policemen Bunner and Morton on a
charge of attempt to commit robbery.
They held up George Hansen of 239 East
street and Frank J. oheehan on Jackson
street, between Montgomery and San
serter back to the Albatross, but instead
gave him a hot drink and sent him on
his way rejoicing.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, November 24.
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 12 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Eurkea, Jeesen, 30 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 15 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Brun«wick, Andresen, 36 hours from
San Fedro.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 14 hours from
Fort Brasg.
Chil stmr Palena, Moon, 39 days from Val
paraiso and way ports.
Stmr Chico, Jensen, 16 hours from Little
River.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 45 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 45 hours
from San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, 18 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr W. H. Krueer, Krog, 46 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 28 hours from Moss
Landing and way ports.
Stmr Celia, Adler, 21 hours from Albion.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, 6 days from
Port Hadlock.
Br bark Fernbank. Sherwood, 65 days from
Newcastle, N. S. W.
Bktn Chehalis, Simonson, 96 days from New
castle, N. S. W.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Skipper, 4 days
from Fisk» Mill.
Schr S. Danielson, Larsen, 4 days from Big
River.
SAILED.
Sunday, November 24.
Stmr Progreso, Harding, Seattle.
Stmr Coquille River, Hansen, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, .
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle.
Br ship Australia, Korff, Queenstown.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, Bodega.
Tug Sea Witch, Yon Helms, San Pedro.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 24—10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy, wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 24— Stmr Samoa,
from Caspar.
TACOMA— Arrix-ed Nov 24— Schr Alvena,
from Port Los Angeles; stmr Czarina, from
San Francisco.
Sailed Nov 24— Stmr Glenfarg, for Kobe and
London; ship Scottish Lochs, for Rio Janeiro;
schr Expansion, for San Pedro; stmr Washte
naw, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed out Nov 24— Ship
Columbia, from Ballard, for Port Pirie; schr
Wm. H. Smith, from Port Blakeley, for Cal
lao.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Edith,
hence Nov 20.
NEAR BAY— Passed in Nov 24— Stmr John
S. Kimball, hence Nov 21, for Seattle.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Nov 24— Bark
Kate Davenport, hence Nov 15. .
Sailed Nov 24— Brig Geneva, for San Diego.
LITTLE RlVEß— Arrived Nov 24— Schr New
ark, hence Nov 23. ' . _ '
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Nov 24— Schr Car
rier Dove, from Port Townsend.
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov 21— Schr Gem, for
San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Nov 24— Aus stmr Ma
ria, from Nanaimo.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Nov 24— Stmr Geo. W.
Elder, for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 24— Br ship Torridon, from New-
PORTLAND— SaiIed Nov 24— German ship
Henriette. for Queenstown; British ship Cleo
mene, for Queenstown.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 24— Stmr Campa
nia from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr
Karamania, from Marseilles, Leghorn and Na
ples; stmr La Champagne, from Havre; stmr
Rhyndam, from Rotterdam.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 24— Stmr Um
bria, frcm Liverpool, for New York.
ANTWERP — Arrived Nov 24 — Stmr South
wark, from New York.
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed Nov 24— Stmr Aller, for
Genoa, from New York.
SClLLY— Passed Nov 2o— Stmr Kaiser Wil
helm der Grosse, from New York, for Ply
mouth, Cherbourg and Bremen.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
some streets, late Saturday night, but be
fore they succeeded in taking anythirg
from them the" officers were attracted to
the scene by their crif? for help and a >
rested Nave and Band. Two other rob
bers made their escape. They are sup
posed to be the men who have committed
numerous hold-ups recently on the Bar
bary Coast.
Charged With Burglary.
Edward Roberts, a cripple, was arrest
ed last night by Special Officer Glllen and
charged with burglary. He Is accused
of breaking into a room in a boarding
house at 800 Montgomery street and steal
ing clothing valued at about $40.
SERIOUS CHABGE AGAINST
A CINCINNATI MEBCHANT
CINCINNATI, Nov. 24.— C. O. Deisch
was arrested at Bradford Junction by
postofflce inspectors and brought here to
day for a hearing before the United
States Commissioner on a charge of using
the mails for fraudulent purposes. Deisch
conducted a furniture, bicycle and jewelry
business, and, it is charged, ordered goods
in large quantities from New York, Chi
cago, Cincinnati, Columbus and other
cities and disposed of them without mak
ing payment. His purchases were in al
most every line of merchandise and ag
gregated many thousands of dollars, ex
tending over at period of several months.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25.
Sun rises 7:00
Sun sets .....' -4:53
Moon sets (full) 6:22 a. m.
Tim© Time; TimA Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W |HW L W H W
25 .. 3:48 2.2 10:04 6.7 5:00—1.3
HWLWH W L \V
26 .. 0:03 4.9 4:33 2.7 10:45 6.7 5:44—1.4
27 .. 0:55 4.9 5:24 2.8 11:32 6.6 6:33—1.4
28 .. 1:48 4.9 6:17 3.0 12:25 6.3 7:24—1.1
29 .. 2:39 5.1 7:15 3.0 1:19 5.9 8:14—0.8
30 .. 3:30 5.2 8:24 3.0 2:20 5.4 9:06—0.3
1 .. 4:21 5.3 9:43 2.9 3:30 4.8 9:59 0.3
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Rival Willapa Harbor Nov. 25
Meteor Oyster Harbor Nov. 25
Santa Ana Seattle & Tacoma [Nov. 25
Entpir? Coos Bay [Nov. £j
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Nov. 25
City of Sydney Panama & Way Ports. |Nov. 23
Washtenaw Tacoma Nov. 26
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 26
South Portland Seattle Nov. 26
Doric China and Japan Nov. 26
G. W. Eider... Portland & Astoria Nov. 26
Curacao Mexican Ports Nov. 27
North Fork.... Humboldt Nov. 27
Acme San Pedro Nov. 27
Kureka Humboldt Nov. 28
Despatch San Pedro Nov. 28
Walla Walla.. Fuget Sound Ports Nov. 2S
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 2S
Point Arena. .. Point Arena Nov. 2S
Corona San Pedro & Way Pts. Nov. 28
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 30
Argyll Panama & Way Ports. Dec. 1
Columbia Portland & Astoria...'.. Dec. 1
CoronadC Grays Harbor Dec. 1
J. S. Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 1
Chile Valparaiso & Way Pts|Dec. 3
Nippon Maru.. China and Japan |Dec. 3
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports IDec. 3
TO SAIL.
SteamerA Destination. Sails. Pier.
November 25. |
W. H. Kruger Tlllamook Bay 12 m Pier 13
Ramses Hamburg & Way.. — pm Pier 27
laqua Humboldt 10 am Pier —
Eureka Humboldt 9 am i*ier 13
November 26.
Rival Wlllapa Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
November 2T.
Acme Tlllamook Bay 5 pm Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Mandalay Coquille River 5 pm Pier 2
State of Cal.. Sau Diego & Way. » am Fier 11
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
I November 28.
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier i
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
November 20.
(5. W. Elder... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Palena Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier lo
San Bias Panama & way — 12 m PMSS
Australia Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
November 30.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 3
Corona Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Totmes.. Hamburg & Way. — pm Pier 27
December 1.
Despatch Seattle & Fairhav'n Pier —
December 2.
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Prom. Due.
Fxcel3lor Cooks Inlet & "Way Nov. 25
Chas. Nelson.. Skagway & "Way Ports Nov. 25
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports Nov. 26
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports Dec. 2
Dirigo  Skagway & Way Ports Dec. 4
SHOCKING SUICIDE
OF AN ABLE LAWYER
Former Justice of the Colorado Su
preme Court Blows Himself Up
With Dynamite.
DENVER, Nov. 24.— News has just
reached this city of the suicide of Judge
M. A. Rogers, formerly of the Supreme
Court of Colorado and one of the ablest
lawyers in the State, at Steamboat
Springs, Colo., on Wednesday last. The
manner of the suicide was unusual. Judge
Rogers lay down on the ground with a
stick of dynamite under him and lighting
a cigar fired the fuse from it and calmly
smoked until the shock of the explosion
ended his life. The rash art was commit
ted among some willows near Bear River,
just inside the town limits. Judge Rogers
had be°n at Steamboat Springs all sum
mer with his wife. No cause is known for
the suicide.
Park on Cuban Battlefield.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Nov. 24.— During
his recent visit here General Wood bought
for the Government the principal portion
of the San Juan battlefield, including San
Juan Hill, the site of the blockhouse and
Bloody Bend. The tract comprises 200
acres and cost $15,000. It will be consid
ered a United States reservation and the
Government intends to lay out a beautiful
park on the old battlefield.
"YON YONSON"
REACHES TOWN
His Dialect Amuses Au
dience at the Cali
fornia.
Orpheum Presents Some New
Performers of Highest
Quality.
"Ton Yonson," the Swedish dialect play,
is the attraction at the California Theater
this week. The house was packed to the
doors last evening, the opening night, and
judging from the applause the play seems
to be as popular as ever.
Every one knows the plot, how Yon
Yonson, a poor Swedish emigrant, make 3
untold wealth in Minnesota through an
invention. He marries the leading lady
in the play, who loved him in his poverty,
and lives happily ever afterwards. There
are a number of dramatic situations, one
of them formed by the cruel act of one
of the villains, who has an "awful jag
on." He throws Grace Jennings, the hero
ine, into the river, and then cuts the log
jam adrift. Yon Yonson appears at the
proper moment and thoughtfully saves
the young lady's life.
To those who like melodrama and good
dialect studies, the play will appeal. Knute
Erickson, in the title role, is very ciever,
and estaDlished himself quite a favoruo
last evening. Belle Gold as the booK
agent is a clever little soubrette, and
piays her part with dash and vim. During
the performance the quartet appeared and
sang several selections, whicn were weil
received. A medley of songs of to-day is
clever and original, and is of its kind one
of the best medleys ever sung in the city.
"Yon Yonson" will be on the boards for
the entire week.
• • •
Clever and humorous indeed is the
playlet in two scenes, entitled "The Co
caine Fiend," which is being presented
at the Orpheum this week by Andy L**wis
and company. Although rather amiss in
regard to plot, climax and such things,
it affords opportunity for the presenta
tion of a very humorously realistic char
acter sketch by Mr. Lewis as the fiend.
The latter's disposition to indulge his
florid imagination in the most exaggerat
ed and fantastical dreams of wealth
counted by the millions and his continual
relation of these dreams at all times, no
matter what the circumstances, causes
no end of merriment. Mr. Lewis' bear
ing and facial expressions in portraying
the manners of the fiend add much to
the effectiveness of the sketch. He is
very ably supported by William Melrose
and by Miss Maud Elliott, who acts the
part of a jealous wife in a most fascin
ating manner. Her popularity is already
established, and last night she was pre
sented with several beautiful bouquets.
Probably, in all the history of .the
Orpheum, there has never been presented
to the people a more delightfully viva
cious singer and dancer than La Belle
Tortajada. Strenuous, gushing life is
gracefully pictured in every move, and
her voice is charming in its sweetness.
In Mile. Taglione's fancy dances the
stage is transformed into a veritable
fairy's bower, with streams of gorgeous
ly colored lights.
Lillian Burkhart appears for her fifth
and last week in "Kitty Clive, actress."
The play runs a little too much into dia
logue, but this fault is almost entirely
overcome by the grace and skill of the
actors, and especially by Miss Burkhart's
winning manner.
The Kaufmann family, who are veri
table wizards of the bicycle, perform
their inimitable tricks in the most daring,
graceful and successful manner. Cole
man, with his trained dogs and cats, ef
fectually demonstrates to the ¦ audience
that pussy and Towser can live in peace
and harmony together. The tricks dis
played by the pets are indeed exceedingly
interesting.
• • •
"Willie Collier opens the second and lasi:
week of his engagement at the Columbia
Theater to-night. Mr. Collier in the roie
of Robert Ridgway ir Augustus. Thomas'
new farce "On the Quiet" has a role that
suits him like the proverbial glove, and he
is supported excellently by his good com
pany. The attendance has been very sat
isfactory considering the heavy competi
tion of grand opera, and the farce is one
that has pleased every one who has seen
it so far. A special matinee will be given
on Thanksgiving day. Nf»xt Monday "The
Girl From Maxim's," a farce that has
kept New York laughing for months, will
be put on.
' • • •
"We 'Uns of Tennessee" will be the bill
at the Alcazar this we.-k, and Miss Juliec
Crosby, long a footllJrht favorite here,
will make her reappearance therein.
"We 'Uns of Tennessee" is one of the best
of modern military plays, and was a fa
vorite with Alcazar audiences when it wa6
first given last year. There will be a spe
cial matinee on Thanksgiving day. "An
Enemy of the King" will follow.
• • *
Pollard's clever children will be seen at
the Tivoll this week ;r> "The Geisha," of
which they are said to give a surprising
ly good performance. Willie Pollard takes
Ferris Hartman's favorite part of Wun
Hi, the Chinaman; Harold Hill is the
Marquis Imari, Alice Pollard is the O
Mimosa San and tiny Madge Woodson is
the English girl, Mollie Seymour. The
costumes used in the opera were bought
in Japan, and the staging is to be elab
orate. A matinee on Thanksgiving day
will be given. "In Town," soon to be put
OB by the Australian juveniles, has never
been heard here before, but it is a great
favorite across the water.
• • •
"Siberia," a melodrama with six acts
for your money, is at trie Central Theater
this week. "Siberia" deals with life in
the mines, with the persecution of the
Jews and with all kinds of thrilling situ
ations of the Russian order. There ar3
thirty principals in the cast, and the
whole force of the Central stock company
will be required for the play's interpreta
tion. The electrical and mechanical ap
pliances will be a feature of the show
Matinee Thanksgiving day. "The Streets
of New York" will fohow.
• • •
Oro. Barnard and Oro; the Spraguell">3.
Marion George, Maud Treadwell, Eleanor
Jenkins, W. V. Strunz and Hinrichs' or
chestra will be Fischer 5 attractions for
Thanksgiving week.
• * *
The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-day includes Sharon and Merritt, the
world's premier illusionists; Rose Andrew
and Mabel Maie, Australian serio-comics;
Clinton Montgomery, the popular bary
tone, in illustrated aongs; Francis Le
Page, the famous jumper and pole vault
er; Leslie Brothers, comedy musical ar
tists, and Henrietta Savage, in the latent
coon songs. A series of new moving
pictures will also be shown.
• • *
An excellent programme has been pre
pared at Fischer's Concert House for this
week. It Includes the Golden West trio;
Oro, Bernard and Oro, in "Scenes in Chi
natown"; Jack and Juanita Spraguello,
novelty musical artists, in "Satan's Pas
times"; Maud Treadwell, a spectacular
dancer; Eleanora Jenkins, the popular op- I
eratic soprano, in the disrobing scene from
"Fra DIavolo," and Marion George, the
talented young violinist. Hinrichs' orches
tra promises an unusual musical treat.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCOURING YOUR SCALP.
"Will Remove the Loose Dandruff
Scales, but It Won't Cure Dandruff.
If your hair is brittle and thinning you
have dandruff. The mere scouring of the
scalp of the loose scales wqp't cure dan-
druff; because dandruff is nothing but
scales of scalp being thrown up by a pes-
tiferous little germ In burrowing its way
to the root of the hair, where it saps the
vitality, causing falling hair and. in time,
baldness. Now you can't stop dandruff
nor falling hair, nor prevent baldness un-
less you destroy that germ; and the only
preparation that can do it is the new sci-
entific discovery. Newbro's Hefpiclde. In
fact, no other hair preparation claims to
kill the dandruff germ— all of them will
clean the scalp; soap and water will do
that, but only Newbro's Herpicide gets at
the root of the trouble and kills the dan-
druff germ.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
TELEPHONE 4AIIRA
22-224 S UTTER ST.
Store 1 open Wednesday eve.
We invite your inspection to our
large line of BONBONS and
DINNER FAVORS from ioc to
$5.00 per box. Many amusing: nov-
elties are to be found among: them.
XMAS ornaments in large profu-
sion.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS.
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
BUTTER, Square 4«c. >
Fancy creamery, reg.' 50c per square.
APPLE BUTTER. Eastern, fresh.
- Rear. pt. jar 35c.."..'.:...... ...23c
Reg. qt jar 50c 4Oe
OLIVE OIL, Reg. BHc, lar?e bet. 75c
"Cal. Santa Ana brand."
The purest and highest grade pro-
¦ ; duced.
Baking Powder, r g^&" #; Mb. tin 31c
Absolutely . pure — better.
APPLE CIDER. Sweet. 49c gallon.
De Lang's. The Be3t. Reg sOc
CRANBERRIES, &•£%. 2 qts. 25c
CHESTNUTS, Italian, £$£. 15c to
I First shipment just in.
| BRANDY, 'Cal."
» Reg. $1.00; 3 bots 92. 00
I Reg. $4.00; gallon 53.00
An old. pure grape brandy,
excellent for mince meat. . )
! 0. K. WHISKY, 10 years old. i
Reg.' $1.00; bot. 75c; 3 bots.ISS.OO
Reg. $4.00; gallon $3.00
Absolute purity guaranteed.
FRENCH CLARETS, ISZAIiZT
Pontet Canf<; doz. qts '..$7.30
St. Julien; ck>z. qtr, .**?;.."»<>
St. Estephe; doz. qts ....S.'.rtO
$1.00 additional for 2 doz -pis. These
wines possess very delict^te bouquet.
ALMONDS, ?X ss 2 h cc 15c lb
"This season's." '
| FIGS, Cal. Black, 3 fil* 5 lbs, 25c
i' CAI MHV WILD P.OVLtR BRAND
; 3ALIUUII, " Spring r-ack.' Chinook. '
2 lb. flat tins; reg 20c. loc
Reg. 12.30 doz #1.75
RICE, "New Era." .
i Finest Carolina.-?
Reg. 10c lb; 5 1'1)3...............4."c
10 lbs ;...¦ - 85c
LISTERINE, ;*¦¦:
"; "Lambert's" . disinfectant. . *'"
lg. bot. 65c; sm. bot 20c
TOILET WATER, ! 51c bot
Violet, Lilac and Rose; the famous
4711 from : German,"/.
PICKLES. Tha h^ m d :! I : ioUi jar 35c
Bowie & lander's. Full line.
Reg. _ .....40c
' TANTIY .'• Frenc h Mixed or . «rfl|
L All DI, ChocorteCrwms MC 10
Equal to any 50c candy sold else-
where. "Lowney's" Chocolates and
Bon Bons in : nost beautiful pack-
ages, just received, from 25c to
5.00 a box. i Halliard's Candies,
Full line.
Glace " Fruit. ..l?rench and Califor-
nian, in boxes a nd bulk.
Ask for Holiday Catalogue.
We ship free within too miles
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
to CHICAGO
f The maximum comfort
combined with highest speed
is secured on this celebrated
train.
It runs over the
SANTA FE
Hte . VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL 3
Syk^ les& have been In use over flfiy
J§**l?^Jssb% years by the leaders of the
firoS sLPvcl Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively curs MEN
MORMON BISHOP' 3 PILLS
have been in use over flfty
years by the leaders of the.
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cura the
K'V2?'''?»^Sf9 worst cases in old and young
Egf^iJLf>KCT arising from effects of self-
l9ShtJl») J lfig9 abuse, dissipation, excesses or
* cigarette-smoking. Cur* Lost
kojlw Manhood, Impotency, •• Lost
TggfiJESgF Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia.. Pain In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltnes» to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, , •-- j-^ Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ncr .*^ I M ">« 3 Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are ZTI..J7* Immediate, Im-
part vigor and pote *»«" *•» ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers: 50c a box; 9 for
$2 50 by mail. . A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 bases. ¦ Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco. Cal. . GRANT DRUG CO.. 3$
and 40 Third st. ¦' • *
frIIERCES
L^r favorite
IRESCRiPTiON
I M FOR WEAK WOMEN.
IA/. X. HESS,
HOTABT PUBLIC Alfß ATTORNKT-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor,' Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
ittflJW*! tMKS " Telephone Main 983,
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
¦Residence Telephone ¦ James 1501. ¦
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlc3 Lists Mailed
; . •; , ¦ : . on Application. '
* ,COAL, COKE AX) PI I l»O.>».
Jr WII CAM irfi' wo Battery Street.
•t- WlLjUn tt vU'» Telephone Main 1884.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. ,
liC RfIVEC X- C\\ Shipping Butchers, 101
AS CUl£>aLll- clay. . Tel. Main 12U4.
•Hl-S.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * ELLIS.
418 Front St., S. F. Phone Main : 1719.
; HkINTINO. • .
E. C. BUSHES, : 511 Sins^ge 7 !^ 3. 9 ,
' :/ •'- PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- CO..
•-- . ¦ 23 Fine street. San Ftanclser^
56
CRESCEUS, KING OF TROTTERS, QUARTERED AT THE SACRAMENTO TRACK
WILL ATTEMPT
RECORD TRIALS
Thanksgiving Day Fixed
for the First As
sault.
Much Is Expected on the
Fast Capital City
Course.
WORLD'S RECORDS
MADE BY CRESCEUS
Fastest mile against time, Cresceus,
2:C2 1 ,i-
Faetest mile trotted In race, Cres
ceus. 2:03%.
Fastest first heat trotted, Creeceus.
2:03
Fastest second heat trotted. Cre6ceus,
2:05.
Fastest two consecutive heats, Cres
ceus. 2:03%. 2:06%.
Fastest three miles in one day, Cres
ceus, 2:03%. 2:0 C%. 2:03.
Fattest first half mile trotted, Cres
ceus, :595i,.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 24.— Cresceus. the
king of trotters, arrived in Sacramento
this morning frc^m the East. With him
was his running: mate, the Tramp. George
H. Ketehurr). his owner, accompanied by
his wife and daughter, arrived on the
same train. Cresceus will trot against
his own world's mile record of 2:o2'*, at
Agricultural Park, on Thursday, under
the ausipces of the Sacramento Driving
Association.
Cresceup has been the sensation of the
year in trotting-horse circles. He will
have earned before the middle of next
menth. when he will be retired for the
season, nearly $100,000 in purse 6 and for
exhibition miles. Cresceup wrested th»3
title of champion from The Abbot at
Brighton Beach soon after the start of
the grand circuit. Ed Geers. the driver
of The Abbot, claimed his horse was out
of condition, owing to an attack of dis
temper. The two great rivals met again
at Readville. with the same result, Cres
ceus winning decisively.
Cresceus made the new world's record of
2:023^ at Columbus, Ohio, on August 2.
The fractional times were: 29%. 595 i,
Crt-sceus will be sent for the mile record
at Sacramento on Thanksgiving: day. He
will also be shown in this city and in Los
Angeles. His owner received a flattering
offer from a theatrical manager in the
East to have the great horse shown on the
stage. He declined the offer, preferring
to have the champion star y.'ith the
track as a stage setting— something he is
more familiar with.
-ceus will be shipped to Toledo, the
home of his owner, on December 12, the
at intention being to retire him per
manently from the track while he is still
in his i>rime.
GRANT 6SUTB. WINS
TENNIS SINGLES MATCH
Defeats George Armsby in the Final
on California Club Court for
Silver Trophy.
The handicap singles tennis tournament
commenced last Sunday on California
Club courts was finished yesterday, and
resulted in a victory for Grant Smith. The
perfect weather brought out many specta
tors, who were treated to some clever ten
nis.
George Armsby and John Gibson Jr.,
both of the third class, played the first
match of the day and met on even terms.
The match was exceedingly close and the
outcome was in doubt until the last point
had been played. Young Gibson started
off well and took the first set, (i — 4. In
the second set he had a good lead, but
Armsbys steadiness enabled him to take
this set by the close score of &— 7. In
the- last set Gibson ran the score up to
Z—l in his favor and looked to be a sure
v.inner, but Armsby. by playing a careful
game, won the set. 6—3.
In the other match of the semi-finals.
Grant Smith, the scratch man, was op
posed to Richard Erskine, who received
odds of •'thiru."
In the first set Smith seemed slow to
Ettrt. and Erskine won without an effort,
the score being 6—o6 — 0 in his favor. In the
second set Smith steadied and won han
dily. 6—3. The last set was close after the
first few games. -Smith ran the score up
to 4—l4 — 1 in his favor, but Erskine -braced at
this stage of the game and took the next
four games ir. short order. With the score
5—45 — 4 and 40 — 15 in his favor, Erskine looked
to be a sure winner, but Smith, by clever
¦work, pulled the set out. B—6.
In the final match Armsby received odds
thirty and one-sixth" and was a fa
vorite for first honors. Smith was in fine
form in this match, and by putting every
thing to his opponent's "backhand." which
¦was his vulnerable point, won in straight
sets. The score was 6— l. 6—l, 6—4.6 — 4.
HANDBALL PLAY IS ON
IN OLYMPIC CLUB COURT
Second Round of the Championship
Tournament Will Commence
This Evening.
Play was continued yesterday in the
Olympic Club handball tournament. Hen
ry Rues defeated W. ' J. Kennedy, 21-7;
21-&. Russ tossed like a champion and
his opponent was unable to return the
ball.
Louie Levy defeated A. T. Fritz; 21-11;
21-15. The latter was not in condition to
play a fast game.
F. Stratfcrd defeated A. Pockwitz, 20
21; 21-7; 21-17.
Krohn defeated Sherry in straight
games. 21-11; 21-17*
The games to-night will be as follows:
Hewson vs. Littleneld, Crable vs. Ran
some, Bowman vs. Kennedy and Fergu
son vs. Clough.
James Fitzgerald and J. C. "Nealon
proved - too . much for .Al Hampton and
Joe Collins . yesterday at handball. The
former team won by a ecore of 21-16; 17
21; 21-13; 21-19. The other games resulted
as follows:
P. McKinncn «nd M. McLeod 21 14 21 21
M. McNeill and G. McDonald 12.21 17-15
P. Falo and J. Foley 21 21 M' 12 21
M. Kirby and D. Regan IS 13 21 21 14
G. Hutehinson and P. Ke11y.... 21 15 21 20 21
W. Kelly and T. McManus 18 21 11 21 16
W. H. Sieberst and W. H. K>dian..2l 21 11 .21
J. J. Canavan and J. Dugan 13 15 21 17
J. Glynn and E. White .21 21 18 14 21
A. .Whiteman and R. Regli 17 12 21 21 20
P. Br»n and J. Lawless 21 1" 21
M. Joyce and D. Connelly ......13 21 19
G. Green and J. McGlnty....'. 21 21 17 21
W. Johnson and F. Smith 12 IS 21 14
E. Curley and M. M. Guthrie 21 21 16 18 21
W. Walsh and W. Kavanau«h..l2 15 21 21 17
Dv Pont Powder.
Black Sporting,
Mining and
Smokeless.
Ask your dealer for
QhoSlo Loaded Dv Pont
dllßHo With Smokeless
C. A. HAIGHT, Agent,
26 Market St. , S. F.
FINAL IS WON
BY FINE FORM
Open Stake Honors Go
to Healey's Imported
Courser.
Floodgate Beats Sacramento
Boy in the Union Park
Special Event
The two stakes carded for the regular
weekly attraction at Union Coursing
Park were run to a satisfactory conclu
sion yesterday and were prolific of good
! sport.
D. J. Healey's imported greyhound Fine
I Form took first honors in the open
I stake, beating the Aeneid kennels' im
: ported Fine Fire in tfee final after an un-
I decided course. The runner up had a
; hard course in the second round against
I Lost Chord, and was hardly expected to
come back in shape for another trial.
With Fannie Hugnie as his opponent,
. the English courser made his next trial,
I a short and easy one. and followed this
; performance by retiring Amedee without
allowing her to score a point. His next
victory was over Loyal Lad. Then in
the deciding course by his determined ef
fort to keep up his work Fine Fire ex
hibited stronger staying qualities than
the talent is wont to accredit him with
having, and in the run up led Fine Form.
Healey's dog evened up matters in the
, work and an "undecided" resulted. Fine
I Form in the run off showed the stronger
I dog and captured the flag by a score of
! 12 to 5.
Freda C. was beaten in the fourth
J round by the ultimate stake winner in
: a close course, and Royal Anne was re
ti ed by the same courser in the semi
final, after she had shown a winning gait
in the earlier rounds.
In the special event George Nethercott's
Floodgate finished in first place, with
Sacramento Boy runner .up. Charta was
' figured the most likely candidate for
stake honors. In the second round the
; wise ones quoted 4 to 1 that she could
; outpoint Master Clair, and played their
: opinion quite heavily., Carroll's dog was
: returned a winner by a score of 10 to 6.
Following are the day's results, with
[ Judge John Grace's official scores:
I Open stake, eecond round — J. H. Ferigo's
Faraway t>eat O. Zahl's O'Hara, 2-0; A. R.
Curtis' Leola beat F. Rosenberger's Master
Bly, 24-5; W. H. Robinson's Fred Freedom
I beat F. Lee's Sweet Locust, 28-0; A. R. Curtis'
Loyal Lad beat A. Yanderwhite's Lear King,
1-4; L. S. Barre's Amedee. a bye; A. R. Cur
tis Kibosh beat George Knight's Snadow, 22-13;
Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire beat A. R. Curtis'
Lo^t Chord, 14-12; E. Geary's Fannie Hughes
beat George Sharman's St. Ives, 15-12; George
Sharman's Firm Fellow beat P. Meharry's Rox
a«na. 5-4; P. M. Ciarksons Sofala, a bye; P.
M. Ciarkson's Prompto beat M. Nt-alon's Aga
memnon 10-6; Pashe. Kennels' Royal Anne beat
O. Zahl's Miss Wilson, S-l; P. Doyle's Liberator
beat M. B. Kavanaugh's Swedish, 12-9; D. J.
Healey'* Fine Form beat J. Kelley'e Governor
Mack, h-3; \V. H. Robinson's Bessie Freedom
beat Pasha Kennels' Rustic Arbor, 11-8; George
Nethercott's Freda C beat W. H. Robinson's
Pat Freedom, 5-3.
Third round— Faraway beat Leola, 5-0; Loyal
Lad beat Fred Freedom, 10-4; Aiaedee beat Ki
bosh. M; Fine Fire beat Fannie Hughie, 4-2;
Flrrri Fellow beat Sofala, 4-3; Royal Anne beat
Prompto. 10-?; Fine Form beat Liberator, 4-2;
Freda C beat Bessie Freedom, 7-2.
Fourth round— Loyal Lad beat Faraway,
10-8; Fine Fire beat Amedee, 4-0; Royal Anne
beat Firm Fellow, 11-S; Fine Form beat Freda
C 12-10.
Fifth round— Fine Fire beat Loyal Lad, 12-8;
Fine Form beat Royal Amie, 13-7.
Deciding course — Fine Form beat Fine Fire,
12-5.
Champion stake, first round — E. Geary's
America beat A. R. Curtis'" Vulcan, 3-1; Chi
arlnl Brothers' Tame Tralee beat George Shar
man's Chicago Boy. 6-3; George Nethercott's
Floodgate beat George Sharman'e Little Sister,
€-2; E. Gearys Fenii beat George Sharman's
Black Flush. 5-0; J. M. Carroll's Master Clair
beat D. J. Healey's, Tapioca, 10-8; A. R. Cur
tis' Charta beat George Sharman's Warship,
8-6; P. Mullarkey's Mamie Pleasant beat Pasha
Kenneis' Rural Artist. 11-S; A. Vanderwhite's
Flora McDonald beat Kellev & Hanley'B
Naughty Girl, 12-3; Sterl & Knowles' Cold
Shivers beat A. R. Curtis' Candelaria, 6-1; D.
Walsh's Sacramento Boy beat B. Silva's Master
Rocket, 8-6: Sterl & Knowles' Olita beat George
Sharman's Hot Haste. 14-4; George Sharman's
Si; Pasha beat D. J. Healey's Tiburon. 7-4.
Second round — Tame Tralee beat America,
14-12: Floodgate beat Fenii. 3-2; Master Clair
beat Charta, 10-6; Flora McDonald beat Mamie
Pleasant, 10-1; Sacramento Boy beat Cold Shiv
ers, »-6; Sir Pa^ha beat Olita, 6-4.
Third round— Floodgate beat Tame Tralee.
12-0; Flora McDonald beat Master Clair, 6-1;
Sacramento Boy beat Sir Pasha. 15-12.
Fourth round — Floodgate beet Flora McDon
ald. 5-2: Sacramento Boy. a bye.
Deciding course — Floodgate beat Sacramento
Boy, 12-5.
Oakland Track Entries.
An excellent programme of events is
offered race-goers to Oakland this after
noon. The entries are as follows:
First race— Six furlongs; maiden two-year-
OldE.
181S King Herald ..107 2603 Remele 113
2542 St. Chester ltt| Roy Coo-k 115
2788 Schuarzwald ..111 2824 Arthur Ray ..118
2S!B Rosarie 115 2642 The Maniac ...115
2842 Major Bird ....11* 2255 Milas 11l
27SS Perfection 115 2556 The Ledaean.-.11l
The Weaver 118
Second race — Five furlongs; purse; ail ages.
2*44 Sol Lichtnstein 96' Dave Summers. 96
<2Ss2)M«ehanuß 122 (2555) Muresca 96
... Patey Dolan... .il:> .... Crinkle 113
(27€2)Rio de A1tar. ..117 (2704)Huachuca »9
287 C Frank Kenny.. U7 .... Sir T. Fiddler.. &9
2434 Invictus 111, 2598 Alzura Tll4
Third race— One mile and seventy yards; sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward.
2823 Rushfielde 103 2868 Rio Shannon.. .106
<2M9)B*>deck 105 2845 Flyng Torpedo.loo
(28l6)Nannie Nolan.. 94
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; telling; three
year-olds and upward.
2571 Tiburon 105 2867 Alas 105
2865 Alfred C 108 2543 Trimmer 105
2854 Hungarian ....106 28S0 Sen. Matts ....MS
(2S7s)Beraota. 10U 2550 Herculean 107
2<S€s Bob Palmer —NO 28c6 Free Lance ...1«S
28S» Rcdwald 1071
Fifth race— Six furlongs; selling three-year
olds and upward.
fitl Mission H9j 2539 Prin. Titania. .lo4
(2871) Native W ....Sharp Bird 112
2>-7i Midngt Chimes. 103 j 2871 Claraudo 108
trS43)Glbraitar 112J2456M. Hildreth.. ..lol
(2866) Ned Dennis. .. .10!) 2829 El Rey 10i
... Windward 112 ! 2870 Educate IC i
Sixth race— One mile and a sixteenth; selling;
tbree-year-olde and upward.
2567 Koenig 103 | 2877 Bonnie Lissak..loo
2866 Rinaldo K'i' (2 c ."o)J<-hn McUurk..MW
2561 Cromwell 112 (2*6o)Floronso 109
2877 Essence 108 2500 P. Archibald ..103
(2865) Lodestar M)& 2861 Cutftka loy
Probable Winners.
First race— The Weaver, Arthur Ray, St.
Chester.
Second race— Muresca, • Rio <Je Altar, Mee
hanuc. •
Third race— Bedeck, Flying Torpedo, Nannie
Nolan.
Fourth race — Bemota, Redwald, Alfred C.
Fifth race— Princess Titania, Native, Gibral
tar.
Sixth race — John McGurk. Lodestar, Castake.
Winners at Sutro Baths.
The following is result of the races at
Sutro Baths yesterday:
Fifty-yard race— A. Vann first, J. Moore sec
ond. Diving for plate— J. McClusky tint. K.
Drisooll second. Tub race — J. Sunbery nrst, A
Ott eecond, A. Driscoll third. 100-yard nice—
C. Wallett first, W. Stockton second. Spring
board diving— A. Sunberg first prize, J. Me
dusky second prize. High diving— T. Sunberg
first prize. J. McClusky second prize.
Hoffman Injured by a Fall.
F. J. Hoffman, living at 111 . Sansome
street, while hanging a picture in an of .
fie© . at ¦ 134 Montgomery' street yesterday
fell from a stepladder placed on top of a
table. His collarbone and one finger of
his left hand were fractured. His injuries
were dressed by ; Dr. Morrison at the
Emergency Hospital.
MANILA, Nov. 24.— General Chaffee has or
dered th«t in the future complete records shall
be k«pt of all natives taking the oath of al
legiance to the United States. Duplicates of
these records will be signed in English Span
ish and Tagalog.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1901.
WASPS WIN THEIR LAST GAME
OF THE SEASON ON HOME GROUNDS
Pitcher Iburg Proves an Enigma to the Heavy Batters of Oakland
Who Are Unable to do Anything With His Curves and
Shoots — Schmidt Pitches Two Games for the Cripples
THE San Franciscos and Oak
lands broke even on the day yes
terday, each winning on their
home grounds. This was the last
appearance of 'the pennant win
ners in this city in a league game this
season. They go south next week to play
Los Angeles, and will return for a series
of games with the all -star Eastern teams.
The Sacramento and Oakland nines wMI
play here commencing on Wednesday.
The regular league season ends with this
week.
In the game at Recreation Park yester
day afternoon the run-getting was aU
confined to the sixth inning, when ths
Wasps sent three men home. The Oak
lands could do nothing with Iburg'a
curves, getting only fuur scattered hits
Schmidt pitched both the morning and
the afternoon game for Oakland.
"Cousin Parke" Wilson was the finst
man up for the Wasps in the sixth. TL"
best he could do was to fly out. Hilde
brand singled, and reached second en an
overthrow to first. Schwartz bunted safe
along the left field foul line, sending
"Hilde" to third. Schwartz stole second.
Krug was out on a pop fly. Shay singled,
scoring Hildebrand and Schwartz. Reilly
followed with a two- bagger, on which
Shay scored. Graham was out at first,
retiring the side.
Catcher Hanson came in for the great
est applause of the Cay for upsetting a
clever play of the Wasps. They have
been working the double steal" witn
great success. This is done when there
is a man on first and one on third. The
man on first starts for second as the
pitcher delivers the ball. This invariably
induces the catcher to throw to second to
head him off. The n:r».n on third starts
for home and .scores. ISasy!
The spectators wera nudging one an
other yesterday when the opportunity pre
sented itself for Uncle's clever young men
to do this trick. The first .part worked a.l
right, but Hanson upset al! calculations
by shooting the ball to third instead of to
second. He caught Schwartz napping, re ¦
tiring the side.
Shay, Krug and Graham were the prin
cipals in a clever double play, the ball go
ing from shortstop to second base, thence
to first, as though shot out of a gun.
Hildebrand was pr^ented with a pai."
of bats upon his first appearance. He
used one and made a single with it. The
score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, c. f 2 0 0 0 3 0 0
Wilson, c 4 0 0 0 10 0
Hildebrand, 1. f 3 1 2 0 2 0 1
Schwartz, r. f 4 13 110 0
Krug. 2b 4 0 0 0 4 4 0
Shay. b. * 2 1 l l o 5 l
Reilly. Sb 4 0 10 0 6 0
Graham, lb 3 0 0 0 15 1 0
Iburg, p 4 0 10 18 0
Totals 80 3 8 2 27 19 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler. 2b 4 0 0 0 3 6 0
Francks, s. s 4 0 0 0 1 4 0
Dunleavy 2b 3 0 2 0 2 0 0
Ktrelb. r. t 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Eagan. lb 4 0 1 1 12 0 1
Babbitt 3b 3 0 0 0 2 8 0
Hamilton, 1. f .3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Hanson, c 8 0 0 0 4 3 0
Schmidt, p 3 0 10 111
Totals 30 0 4 1 27 16 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San. Francisco 00000300 o—3
BaFo hits 10011401 o—B
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Base hits 00011010 I—4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Schmidt 2. Two-base
hit— Reilly. Sacrifice hit— Streib. First base
on errcors— Oakland 1. First base on called
balls— San Francisco 5, Oakland 1. Left on
bases— San Francisco 6, Oakland 5. Struck out
—By Schmidt 3. Hit by pitcher— Nordyke.
Double plays— Shay to Krug to Graham:
Francks to Mohler to Eagan. Time of game—
1:35. Umpire— Levy. Official scorer— McFarlin.
MORNING GAME.
Oakland Wins on Home Ground.
"Heine" Krug did the twirling for the
San Francisco aggregation yesterday
morning at Oakland and the Oaklands
did the rest. They secured eighteen hits
in all off his delivery, including home runs
by Eagan and Hanson. Tbe Wasps scored
seven hits off Schmidt, netting them four
runs to fourteen for Oakland. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, r. f 4 1 0 0 1 0 1
Wilson, c ....5 1 3 0 4 1 1
Hildebrand. 1. f 5 0 1 0 2 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 2 0 0 0 3 4 1
Krug, p 4 0 0 0 110
Shay, s. c 3 1 0 0 3 3 3
J. Reilly, 3b 4 0 10 2 11
Graham, lb 3 0 0 0 5 0 0
Brockhoff, c. f 4 1 2 0 2 0 1
Totals 34 4 "? 0 *23 -10 S
*Eagan out; hit by batted ball.
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler, 2b 6 1 2 0 4 1 (l
Franck?, s. « 6 2 1 0 0 3 3
Dunleavy, c. f 5 2 3 0 3 0 0
Streib, r. f 3 1 1 0 1 0 0
Eagan, lb C 2 1 0 14 0 0
Babbitt, 3b 4 12 0 16 1
Hamilton, I. t 4 110 0 0 0
Hanson, c 5 2 8 0 3 0 0
Schmidt, p 5 13 0 0 6 0
Wnterbury, I. f 1110 10 0
Totals 44 14 18 0 27 16 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 1 10 1 0 0 0 I—4
Base hits 0 1201010 2—7
Oakland 1 0 10 7 0 2 2 •— 14
Base hits 2 0 2 1 7 1 2 » •— 18
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Kruz 5. Schmidt 1.
Home runs— Ea«an, Hanson. Two-base hits—
EASTERN BASEBALL, STARS WHO
WILL BE SEEN IN ACTION ON
CALIFORNIA DIAMONDS.
Dunleavy, Wilson, Reilly, Schmidt, Brockhoff.
First base on errors— San Francisco 3, Oaklan.l
4. First base on called balls— San Francisco 4,
Oakland 3. Left on bases— San Francisco 8,
Oakland 9. Struck out— By Krug 3, by Schmidt
2. Hit by pitcher— Streib, Graham. Double
plays— Shay to Schwartz to Graham; Babbitt
to Mohler to Eagan. Time of game— l:so. Um
pire — Levy. Official scorer — McFar^in.
Angels Win One Game.
i LOS ANGELES, Nov. 24.— Los Angeles J
and Sacramento played two games to
day, the former winning one and tying
the other. The morning game was all
Sacramento's way up to the eighth, when
the heavy batters of the Looloos fell on
Hoffer for five hits and a total of four
runs, tying the score. As there was an
other game ahead they stopped at nine in
nings.
The afternoon contest was pretty and
hotly contested until the fateful eighth,
when McNeely weakened just enough to
lose the game. Both teams played lively,
snappy ball. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dougherty, rf 5 1 4 1 3 0 1
Hemphill, cf 5 0 10 0 0 0
Atherton, If 5 0 0 0 4 0 0
Reltz, 2b 5 12 0 2 4 0
Kihm, lb 5 1 1 1 11 0 1
Hall. 3b 5 0 10 2 10
! Kelly, ss 4 0 1 1 1 1 0
I Spies, c 4 1 1 0 3 0 0
Hartwell, p 3 1 1 0 0 1 1
Totals 41 5 12 Z »2S 7 3
•Flood bunted third strike.
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Flood. 2b 3 1 1 1 1 2 0
Sheehan, 3b 5 0 0 0 0 1 1
Stanley, c 4 1 1 0 5 0 1
Courtney, cf 4 0 1 0 2 1 0
Doyle, rf 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
I Hoffer, p 4 10 0 110
Davis, lb 4 2 2 1 10 0 1
McLaughlin, If 4 0 2 1 5 0 1
Devereaux, ss 3 0 1 0 1 4 0
Totals 3i 5 8 3 :7 9 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 4 o—s
Base hits 20101215 o—l2
Sacramento 1 2 1 0 0 0 1 0 o—s
Base hits 0 2 1 0 0 0 3 0 2— S
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hartwell 1, Hoffer 4.
Two-base hits— Hartwell, Hall. Sacrifice hits-
Stanley, Doyle. First base on errors — Los An
geles 2, Sacramento 2. First base on called
balls — Los Angeles 1, Sacramento 4. Left on
bases — Los Angeles 8, Sacramento 5. Struck
out— By Hartwell 1, by Hoffer 3. Double plays
— Kihm, unassisted; Courtney to Stanley. Wild
pitch — Hartwell. Time of game — Two hours.
Umpire — Harper.
Afternoon Game.
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dougherty, r. f 4 0 2 0 3 1 0
Hemphill, c. f 3 1 0 0 0 0 0
Atherton, 1. f 4 1 2 1 0 0 0
Reitz, 2b 3 0 2 12 4 0
Kihm lb 2 1 0 0 15 0 0
Hall. "s. s 4 110 3 5 1
Reilly, 3b 3 0 10 0 3 0
Spies, c 4 0 1 0 3 0 0
Altrock, p 3 0 2 0 0 5 1
Totals 30 4 11 2 *26 17 2
•Stanley out on bunting third strike.
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Flood, 2b 4 0 10 0 4 0
Sheehan, 3b 4 0 0 0 2 1 I
Stanley, c 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Courtney, c. f 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
I Doyle, 1. f 2 0 2 0 1 0 0
¦ Hoffer, r. f 4 0 10 10 0
Davis lb 3 0 0 0 9 0 0
McLaughlin. I. f 3 0 1 0 2 1 0
Devereaux, s. s 2 0 0 0 5 3 0
McNeely, p 3 1 1 0 1 4 0
Totals 31 1 « 0 24 13 d
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 10000003*— 4
Base hits 21301113 •— 11
Sacramento 0 00001000—1
Base hits 0 00012111—6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Altrock 1, McNeely 4.
Three-base hit— Flood. Two-base hits— Me-
Laughlin, Reilly. Hall. Sacrifice hits— Kihm,
Devereaux. First base on errors— Sacramento
2. First base on called balls— Los Angeles 3.
Left on bases— Los Angeles 7, Sacramento 4.
Struck out— By Altrock 2. Hit by pitcher—
Kihm. Double plays— AHrock to Hall to Kihm;
Dougherty to Reitz to Spies; Flood to Dever
eaux to Davis; Davis, unassisted. Time of
game — 1:25. Umpire — Harper.
FOLD ROBBERY OF SALOON MAN.
Two young men early yesterday morn
ing vi3ited the saloon of Sears & Foley
at 201 East street and called for drinks.
Michael Scars was on watch at the time,
and as he started to serve the men one
of them struck him, knocking him down.
The other <.nen produced a handkerchief
saturated with chloroform, and placing it
over Sears' face held him until he be
came unconscious from the effects of the
drug. The desperate robbers then rifled
the cash register of about $200. Sears,
after recovering consciousness, notified
the police, but they failed to find any
trace of the robbers. Sears described the
man who applied the chloroform as being
rather short, stout built and wore a lignt
mustache. The other was about 22 years
of age, dark complexioned, and was well
dressed. Sears thinks he will be able to
identify them in case they are arrested.
Last night Detectives Egan and Freel
arrested a young man, who gave his
name as William Mclntyre, on suspicion
of being one of the robbers.
Sears will be asked to identfy him to
day.
Charged With Stealing Watch.
F. J. Dewey was arrested last night
in a saloon at 20 Mason street by Police
Officer W. W. Wilson on a charge of
grand larceny. R. O. .Twiss is the com
plaining witness. He alleges that Dewey
snatched a gold watch from his pocket
and passed it to a confederate.
Damages Against Copper Company.
REDDING, Nov. 24.— The jury in the
suit of Peter Stolberg et al. versus the
Mountain Copper Company, for $15,000
for damages alleged to have, been caused
by smelter fumes to an orchard at
Shasta, brought in a verdict giving the
plaintiff $640 50. The jury was out five
hours. *
NORDDEUTSCHER
TURKEY SHOOT
Marksmen Pepper Tar
gets at Shell Mound
Ranges.
Militiamen and Schuetzen
Clubs Hold Monthly
Contests.
The Norddeutscher Club held its annual
1 picnic and turkey shoot at Shell Mound
Park yesterday. Bowling, raffling and
shooting for fowls for next Thursday's
dinner absorbed most of the attention of
those present. Dancing in the pavilion
and games arranged by Captain Siebe
were also among the features of the aft
ernoon's entertainment.
The affair marks the close of the picnic
season at Shell Mound. It was in every
way successful, and great credit is due
the members of the club for the arrange
ments which were made and the manner
in which they were carried out.
The schuetzen clubs and militiamen
were present for their regular monthly
shoots, and the ranges were crowded from
morning until sunset. The shooting was
excellent, although no phenomenal scores
were recorded. The Golden Gate Rifle
and Pistol Club also held a turkey shoot
in connection with its regular contests.
The other organizations which shot yes
terday were, the Red Men's Schuetzen
Company, Germania Schuetzen Club,
companies E and I of the First Infantry,
National Guard of California, and the
Shell Mound Rifle and Pistol Club.
The day's scores are as follows:
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, annual cash
prize shoot, man target — A. Strecker '16, A.
Gehret 75, A. Pape 74, F. P. Schuster 74, F.
Rust 74 D. B Faktor 73, L. Haake 73, D. W.
McLaughlin 72. F. E. Mason 72, C. M. Hen
derson 72, C. Meyer », J. Utschlg 69, O. Bremer
69, H. Hellbers 69, F. Brandt 69, H. Huber 68,
A. B. Dorrell 68. VV. Doell 67; red flags— L.
Haake 5, F. F. Schuster 4, A. Strecker 3, A.
Pape 3, A. Gehret 3, H. Huber S. D. B. Faktor
2, D. W. McLaughlin 2, W. Doell 2, J. Utschig
2; first flag in morning, L. Jacobi; last flag in
morning, H. Huber; first flag in afternoon. W.
Doell; last flag in afternoon, J. Utschig; most
tickets, J. Utschig and D. B. Faktor.
Golden Gate Ritie and Pistol Club, monthly
medal shoot, handicap— O. Bremer, 1»9, 217; M.
F. Blasse, 200 200; A Gehret, 230, 228; A. P..
Dorrell, 209. Gold medal— H. Hinkel, 216, 206;
J. F. Bridges, 209,- E. Woenne, 18i.
Red Men's Schuetzen Company, monthly
bullseye shoot— W. Kreutzkamm 426. Captain
Henry Grieb 490, B. Soehlmann 116&, J. D. Fel
dermann 1212. H. RuUs 1382.
Red Men's Schuetzen Company, monthly
medal shoot— Champion class, William Dress
ier 403; first class, H. Soehlmann 401; second
class, J. A. Mohr 230; third clas3. not won;
fourth class, H. Schuls 301; best first shot. J.
D. Feldermann; best last shot, Captain Henry
Grieb.
Company E, First Infantry. National Guard
of California. State shoot at 500 yards—Cap
tain Jordan 18, 19, 20; Lieutenant Wehser 18, 17,
19; Lieutenant Costello 18. 19, 21; Sergeant Hur
ley 19, 18, 21; Sergeant Brady IS, 19, 15; Ser
geant Murphy 15, 16, 19; Sergeant Finnegan
18, 16, 17; Corporal Larsen 14, 18, 16; Corporal
Tully 14 19. 17; Corporal Ewing 17, 20, 16; J.
E. Walsh 21, 23, 19; P. Culligan 19, 11. 22; J.
R Dower 12, 0, 9; T. Dwyer 10, 8, 8; J. Fitz
gerald 14. IS. 17; T. Grogan 8, 11, 10; M. O'Reilly
16 15, 17; J. Paulson 12, 16, 18; G. Paulson IL.
10 8; J. Wyckoff 10, 14. 17; F. Mengel 5. 0, 5;
A. Bprttcher 2, 3, 3; J. Donovan 2, 9, 4; J.
Luna 2. 2. 0.
Company I, First Infantry. National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot— Sergeant
Bucking 42, Corporal Maasberg 31, Corporal
McNeil 37, C. Battye 29, T. Connolly 36, J.
Fentren 40, B. Moore 31. T. McGilvery 17, D.
O'Neil 29, R. Powers 13, C. Riddell 31. G.
Fleck 25, Lieutenant Corcoran 41, Captain
Moore 48. Lieutenant Stoitzenwald 24, F. Stolt
zenwaM 3".
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseye
shoot— W. Goetz 351, F. P. Schuster 426, J.
Utschig' 475, D. B. Faktor 453, H. Huber 497.
G. H. Bahrs 556, L. N. Ritzau 557, L. Bendel
615. F. Rust 657, F. E. Mason 705, F. Brandt 744.
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, monthly
medal shoot— J. Kenney 173. F. Slebe 213. A.
Rouse IIS, W. Hughes 212, D. Wllbern 195, C.
Thiele 142 H. Puckhaber 199. G. Hughes 102,
R. Wixson 216. E. Niehaus 205, A. Ramm 202,
W. Kenney 218. A. Berwald 150, J. Frietas 217,
Dr B. Roche 2C5, J. Burton 189, H. Corry ISO,
J. Emerton 183, W. McCarthy 188. T. Brown
211. A. Liebscher 142. A. Paulson 200, O. Paul
son 204. A. Bermhauser 40. T. Bearwaldt 19S.
L. Murphy 191, B. Mitchell 203, H. Tammeyer
132, E. Lufkin 152. P. Ramm 206. H. Klein
brook 211. J. Wilson 215. J. Pape 217, H. Han
son 218, F. Bray 203, A. Stever 214, J. Vera
196, G. Ramis ISS. W. Wilks 143, C. Cohn 73,
H. Skinner 223. J. Ringen 204. J. Cobby 233,
E Cobby 228, L. Siebe 205. "W. Pitt 189. S.
Fieming 109. B. Becker 91. M. Blasse 229, "W.
Blasse 236, B. Taylor 198.
EASTERN STARS COMING.
Best Players of the Big Leagues to
Appear Here.
Next Thursday the all-star Eastern
baseball teams will play their first game
in California. Sacramento will be the
scene of the contest.
The National League team will be made
up of the following men: Rube Waddell,
pitcher; Chance, catcher; Beckley, flrst
base; Mertes, second base; Steinfeld,
third base; Hulen, shortstop; Harvey, It ft
field; Van Haltren, center field; Carr,
right field.
In the All-American team, taken from
the American League: La Joie, second
base; Bradley, third base; Barrett, cen
ter field; Pickering, left field; Davis, first
base; Irwin, shortstop; Bernard or Mer
cer, pitcher; Sullivan, catcher; Carey,
right field.
The visiting teams will come to this
city on Friday en route to San Jcse, where
they play exhibition games on Saturday
and Sunday. The following Saturday a
nine made up of Eastern stars will play
the San Francisco nine in this city at
Recreation Park. All the visitors have
made big reputations on the ball field,
but chief interest centers about Pitcher
"Rube" Waddell and Seconu Baseman La
Joie. Here is what a veracious chron
icler has to say of the former:
George Edward ("Rube") Waddell of the
Pittsburg Club, who In 1899 made his mark as
a Ditcher in both the Western and National
leagues, was born at Bradford, McCane Coun
ty, Pa., on October 13, 1576. He made a good
record as an amateur in his youth at Har
mony, Butler County, Pa. About the middle of
August, 1897, he signed with the Louisville
Club. "Rube" did not strike his gait until
last season. He was farmed to the Columbus
Club of the Western League, which was trans
ferred to Grand Ranids. "Rube" batted .229,
fielded .986 and won thirty-six of the forty
eight games he pitched for Loftus' team. Ho
struck out eleven of the St. Paul players in
one game and equaled the performance against
Detroit. His record with the Louisville Club,
to which he reported after the close of the
Western League season, was «sven victories
and two defeats. In a game against Chicago
he fanned out thirteen of his opponents. He was
an enigma to the National League batsmen.
and is regarded as one of the best pitchers in
the business. He is 6 feet 2 inches tall and
weighs 200 rounds.
The same writer has this to say of La
Joie:
Napoleon La Joie of the Philadelphia Club
is conceded to be the best second baseman of
the year and one of the finest batsmen in the
business. He was born at Woonsocket. R. I ,
twenty-seven years ago. In 189« he was a mem
ber of the Fall River Club of the New Eng
land League and in the eighty games in whicn
he played that year he batted .429. The Phil
adelphia Club purchased his release during the
summer of that season and La Jole's batting
average for thirty-nine games in the National
League was .328. He led the National League
first basemen that year, with a fleldlrur per
centage of .992 in thirty-nine games. He has
played the outfield well, but is at bis best at
second bass and shortstop, wh>h positions he
has filled for the cast season for th<»
American League Club of Philadelphia. La
Joie's phenomenal batting the past season
when he hit at a .422 gait, coupled with his
fast and accurate fielding, stamps him as one
of the greatest ballplayers of the d«y. He is
captain of the star tfcam of American League
players now en route to this coast.
Teutonia's Anniversary.
The thirty-fifth anniversary concert ard
dance of the singing section of the Teu
tonia Verein was held .n Teutonia Hall
1322 Howard street, last night. An inter
esting programme was rendered Tie
committee in charge was composed of
the following named: Fritz Gercke A
Busse, Moritz Huentzsch. c. Schnab^l
L. Kramer, Paul Aehnlich, H SehrHh«»r'
C. Alfs. C Carrillon, William Fahren
krug. Fr. Hagemann, R. Munk Otto
Schrader and William Wertsch.
PRINCETONS WIN
FROM NAVY MEN
Sturdy Athletes Defeat
Blue Jackets on
Gridiron.
Rooters Watch Football Men
Roll and Tumble on
Muddy Field.
Twenty-two burly football hero 3frJJ
eleven from this side of the bay, und«^*
the name of Princetons, and eleven from
Mare Island navy-yard, rolled and
trampled each other in the mud yester
day afternoon at the Sixteenth and Fol
som street grounds for the edification of
about 200 spectators. The Princetons
emerged from tha contest and incidental
ly from the mud, with a victory to their
credit by a srore of i> to 0. The defeat,
however, does not prove the inability of
the blue jackets to play football, as they
were obviously handicapped- by the
weight and better training of their op
ponents.
The blue jackets came from the navy
yard determined to vanquish their city
opponents. They brought with them a
well organized party of rooters, who
made the welkin ring with their inspiring
slogan, "Sons of the navy, play football. "
Under the encouragement of this cry the
boys from the navy-yard would grow
more vigorous in their plunges or more
determined in their resistance. Their
labors, however, were all to no purpose.
The local athletes proved themselves bet
ter adapted to wallowing in the mud.
In the flrst half the Princetons scored
their only touchdown through a magnifi
cent end run of fifty yards by right half
back Stewart. He was carried around tb.e
end by the stonewall interference of full
back Clapp. He was tackled within five
yards of the goal line. The ball was car
ried over by a couple of straight bucks
by full-back Clapp. In the latter part of
the flrst half the blue jackets narrow »
missed scoring a field goal. Left-end C
made a try for the goal from the twen
ty-yard line, with the ball almost direct
ly in front of the goal posts. The pig
skin, however, swerved a little too far
to the left of the posts. This was prac
tically the only occasion on which the
Princetons' goal was endangered.
The blue jackets started" the second
half with renewed vigor, and for a few
minutes threatened to sweep their heavi
er opponents across the field. Their vim,
however, scon evaporated, and the ball
was see-sawed up and down the field for
the rest of the game. Toward the latter
part of the contest it required careful in
spection to decide what part of the strug
gling aggregation was mud and what
part player.
The line-up was as follows:
Navy-Yard. Positions. Princeton.
Cox R— End— L Roast
Smith R— Tackle— L Mclntira
Murray R — Guard — L Denienn3
Spencer Center Smi th,
O' Brien L — Guard — R Dehaney
De Back L— Tackle— R Mainr>
Sears L— End— R CahlU
Jones L— Half— R Stewart
Graham R— Half— L, Helen
Meeks Quarterback Blithen
Allen Fullback Clapp
Referee— A. G. Kavanaugh, University of Ne
braska. Umpire — Walter Gammon. Timekeep
ers — Charles Goshen and W. Baker.
PBUNKEN SON BBTJTAULY
BEATS HIS AGED FATHER
Demands Watch and Money Ftoih;
Parent and Assaults Him When
Refused.
Thomas Mahoney, a young man who re
sides at 1147^2 Howard street, was placed
under arrest yesterday morning on the
charge of having brutally beaten his aged
father about the head and face. Young
Mahoney returned home yesterday morn
ing after a night's carousal in an intoxi
cated condition. He requested that hi 9
father give him some money, and when
that was refused him he demanded a
watch which he knew was in his father's
keeping. This also being refused him*, ha
struck his father between the eyes, stun
ning him. He continued his assault by
beating his aged parent about the head
and face in a merciless manner.
Neighbors who heard the old man's cries
for help notified Officer Lewis, who had
the father conveyed to the Central Emer
gency Hospital. He was unable to s^e,
his eyes being swollen shut. He was treat
ed by Dr. Bunnell for a lacerated wound of
the right temple, a contused and lacerated
wound on the left hip and contused
wounds about the forehead and eyes. The
son, Thomas Mahoney, was arrested and
taken to the Hall of Justice. The aon is
37 years of age and very muscular, while
his father is 78 years of age and rather in
firm.
WAGES WAR ON
FEMALE THIEVES
Chief Wittman to Rid the Cit/
of Women Crimi
nals.
Chief "Wittman intends to drive thg
women who prey on unsuspecting stran
gers from the city. Last evening Kitti3
Evans, a creature of the tenderloin, who
is accused of robbing a man of $12"
"shown up" to the officers of the Centr-tl
and Southern stations. They wer"
to arrest the woman, who is said to be a
clever thief, whenever they met her. In
case the police fail to convict her of
grand larceny Chief "Wittman is deter
mined to compel her to leave the city.
The others of ncr class will also be com
pelled to depart for other climes.
IRISH ENVOYS SPEAK
OF rRET.AWTVS HOPES
Declare They Were Never as Neaj?
Realization as They Are at
Present.
CHICAGO. Nov. 24.-An audience esti
mated at 6000 persons gathered in the Au
ditorium to-night to welcome the envoy 3
from the United Irish League, John E.
Redmond. Patrick A. McHugh and
Thomas O'Donnell and to celebrate tna
anniversary of the death of the Manches
ter martyrs, Allen, Larkin and O'Leary.
The oration of the evening was delivered «
by Redmond, who cheered his listeners by c
telling that Ireland is now united, and
awakened their enthusiasm by declaring
that the people were never so near the
realization of their fond hopes as now.
Thomas O'Donnell gave an energetic ac
count of what is being accomplished in the
British Parliament by the young and de
termined Irish members. In the Gaelic
language he spoke of Ireland' 3 aspirations
and the progress which is being made to
ward their realization. Patrick McHugh
closed the meeting with a character
fiery speech. ;
The meeting was presided over by Colo
nel John F. Finerty. head of the local
branch of the United Irish League. On
the platform were officers of the Second
Regiment, Illinois National Guard, offi
cers of the Clan-na-Gael Guards in full
regimentals and many prominent Irish
citizens of the city.
United States Senator Mason also mad*
a short address.
Insane Man Breaks Many Window*
EATON. Ohio, Nov. 24.— Between mid
night and Sunday morningr about $5000
worth of plate glass windows in the busi
ness portion of Eaton was broken by
William Rossman. Rossman used 3tone9
for demolishing 143 windows. 113 of which
were large plate glass windows of
ness houses. Rossman is a member I
prominent family and was discharged re-*
cently from an asylum. He remained up
all night deliberately for his work of de
struction^ and was landed in Jail with
some difficulty. Rossman's hand* wer«
badly cut. His mania before commitment
for insanity was the breaking of windows.TELLS STRANGE
STORK OF CRIME
Girl of Seventeen Years
Claims She Was
Robbed.
Says Thief Dragged Her to a
Room and Forcibly Took
Her Jewel y.
A girl 17 years of age giving the name
of Marie Adams, who says she is the
daughter of a prominent cattleman of
Stockton, toid a remarkable story of rob
bery ;o the ponce last night, and a man
g-iving the name of Edward Lee is in
- ,d with the crime. The alleged
L -bbery occurred shortly before midnight
ight.
.-idams said she came to this city
from Stockton wiin her mother a fe\v
days ago and took apartments at 1079
Market street. Yesterday, she continued,
her mother returned to Stockton, to be
pone a few days. Being lonesome, she
decided to call on a Mrs. King, who re
at Taylor and Eddy streets. Mrs.
King, the girl claims, suggested that they
caJl on Dave Sago and Newman Mirow
at 220 Powell street. They went to tne
addres? given. Miss Adams says, and
while there Lee. who said he was a
steward in the Receiving Hospital, came
into the place.
Lee, according to the girl's story,
dragged her from the place. Mrs. Kin,?
and her male companion, who she says
had been drinking heavily, made no attempt
to protect her. Lee dragged her into the
square opposite 2£3 Powell street, and t>s
she was thinly clad, not knowing that she
was going to be gone trom her apart
ments long, Lee haiici a messenger and
sent him to her rooms lor her clothing.
Lee then dragged her to a house at 7
Grant avenue, the girl says, took her to
an apartment and theie grasped a bangle
Fhe was wearing, tore it from its fester
ing i*nd wrenched a ring from her finger.
Then she raised an outcry. Lee, fright
ened at her screams, ran from the build
ing. His hurried exit and the girl's
screams attracted Officers Chappell,
Brady and Chapin, and they gave chase
anu soon captured Lee. He was taken
c Hall of Justice and the girl was
summoned. She told the police the fore
g-ning story, and on her statement a
are of robbery was registered against
Investigation proved that Lee was
employe! at the Receiving Hospital
and Is unknown there. The police will
make an effort to communicate with the
parents to-day and will make a
further investigation of the case.
THE DAY'S DEAD
NEW ALBANY, Ind.. Nov. 24.— Colonel
James P. Luz, a veteran newspaper edi
•-d to-day of uraemia, aged 75 years.
His first wife was a sister of Mrs. Daniel
W. Voorbies.
Colonel Luz vras editor of the Lafayette
Journal forty years ago. President Grant
In 1869 appointed him Surveyor of Cus
toms at Louisville. Afterward he was
made Collector of Internal Revenue for
South Dakota, with headquarters at
Rapid City, where he was editor of the
Rapid City Republican. He later did edi
torial work on newspapers at Indianapolis
and Chicago.
Adolph Dobrowsky.
REDDING, Nov. 24.— Adolph Dobrow
rky died suddenly at 9 o'clock this morn
ing of heart failure. Dobrowsky was 65
years of age and was born in Austria,
p. He came to California in the fifties and
the old town of Shasta in 1860, where
'lowed his profession of jeweler. He
removed to Anderson, and fifteen years
ago to Redfling. He has since conducted
the Golfien Eagle jewelry store. Dobrow
sky is survived by a widow and two sons,
Frank and Ernest, the former being his
partner.
Melville Sawyer.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 24.— Colonel Melville
Sawyer, secretary of the Missouri Car and
Foundry Company, died to-day in a sani
tarium in Nashua, N. H. Colonel Sawyer
served curing the civil war, near the close
Ich he was appointed by President
Lincoln paymaster in the reguiar service.
Joseph Bice.
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 24.— Joseph Rice of
Larkspur, who died this morning, was for
fifty years a resident of Marin County
He served as a member of the Assembly
end on the Board of Supervisors. He was
6c years of age. A widow, a son and two
daughters survive him.
A. J. Streeter.
GALESBURG. 111., Nov. 24.— A. J.
Streeter. well known in agricultural and
political circles and who came into na
: fame in 18SS as the Union Labor
party's candidate for President, died of
diabetes to-day at his home at New Wind
sor.
« m •
I RENEGADE INDIANS KILL
* THE STOCK OF BAITCHEBS
Karauders Leave the San Carlos
Apache Reservation and Are Ter
rorizing Cattlemen.
DENVER. Nov. 24.— A special to the
Republican from Albuquerque, K. Mex.,
A report from the Upper Gila
River reached United States Marshal
Foraker here to-day to the effect that a
parly of renegade Indians was commit
ting raids throuph that country. Cattle
from the Burdick T. J. ranch have
been found dead from the effects of
wounds. The marauders are eup
to he from the San Carlos Apache
reservation. Cattlemen are now pursu
ing them.
Mean souls, like mpan pictures, are of
mnd in fine-looking frames.
postum: cerhal.
TWICE TOLD TALES.
No Meat Extracted From Them by
Some Who Host Need the Facts.
We have, more than twice, told the
reader of the fact that he or she may
perhaps easily discover the cause of the
l^aiy ill feeling and the experiment is not
difficult to make.
But there are readers who think truths
are for some one else and not for them-
selves.
Some day the oft told fact will flash
upon us as applicable when the knowledge
comes home, that day after day of incon-
venience and perhaps of Buffering hag
been endured, the cause not being recog-
nized or believed, although we may have
been told of the cause many times over,
but never believed ft applied to us.
It- would startle a person to know how
many people suffer because they drug
themselves daily with coffee. We repeat
It.. It >« a powerful drug, and so affects
the delicate nervous system that disease
may appear in any part of the body, all
parts being dependent for health on a
healthy nervous system.
Relief from coffee for thirty days has
cured thousands of people who never sus-
pected the cause of their troubles.
The use of . Postum Food Coffee Is of
«U;at benefit to such, as it goes to work
3f3 f )>enefit to such, as it goes to work
directly to rebuild. the delicate cell struc-
tures from the elements nature selects for
the work. Relief from a heavy drug and
the taking of proper nourishment " Is the
true and only permanent method-
USES MOTORMAN
FOR A TARGET
William McMann Re
ceives Bullet in His
Shoulder.
PoHcemen Have a Struggle
in Arresting His As
sailant.
A passenger on car 1149 of the Mission
street line, named Pietro Marchi, owner
of a fruit store at the corner of Twenty
fourth and Harrison streets, made things
lively last night for the motorman and
conductor. When the car reached Ingle
side he became boisterous and was eject
ed from the car. He forthwith fired four
shots at the motorman. William McMann,
one of which struck McMann on the left
shoulder, inflicting a painful, though not
a serious, wound. Later he took a shot
at Mounted Officer Hayes and was
clubbed into submission after a hard
fight. ' . ;->y* ¦;•/;;'
Marchi got on at the lower end of the
run and was very boisterous all the way
out. When the car reached Ir.gleside he
was told that it would go no further, but
he refused to get off. He was finally eject
ed from the car. Just as the motorman
and conductor . entered the car to sit
down. Marchi appeared at the other end,
pointed a pistol at the two men and fired
four shots at them.
One of the bullets struck McMann, the
gripman, in the left shoulder. The Italian
men retreated. Mounted Police Officers
Hayes and Leonard, who were in the
neighborhood, heard the shots and went
after Marchi. When Hayes demanded his
surrender a shot fired at close range was
the answer. • " , .
Leonard then jumped into the affray
and both officers charged Marchi ' with
drawn clubs and pistols. Marchi attempt
ed to use his pistol again, but it was
knocked out of his hand. It took a num
ber of blows frpm the officers' clubs to
quiet him, but he was finally subdued
and placed in irons.
Motorman McMann was hurried to the
Southern Pacific Company Hospital,
where his wound was dressed.
Marchi was taken in the patrol wagon to
the City and County Hospital, where sev
eral cuts in his head, caused by the im
pact of the police officers' clubs, were
dressed. He was finally % taken to the
Seventeenth-street station, where two
charges of assault with intent to commit
murder were placed against his name.
MANTT NEVADA CITIZENS
INDICTED BY GRAND JURY
Alleged Participants in Stringing X7p
of a Suspected Thief Are in
Serious Trouble.
MODENA, Utah. Nov. 24.— The Grand
Jury of Lincoln County, Nevada, which
convened at Pioche list Thursday, re
turned indictments yesterday against
seventeen of the leading citizens of F.iy,
Nev. , whom it is alleged participated in
the "stringing up" of George Ellis (col
ored) In an effort to make him confess
to numerous thefts which had taken place
in that vicinity during the past few
weeks. All of the men indicted are now
in jail with the exception of Superintend
ent Gayford of the Horseshoe Mining
Company. Postmaster Defreise and H. H.
Cooper, who were released on bonds of
$3000 each.
The trial jury has already been sum •
moned and the case will come up before
District Judge Talbot to-morrow.
Train Service Is Improved.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 24.— The Burlington to
day inaugurated a daily train service be
tween St. Louis, St. Joseph, Kansas City
and Denver that will hereafter make the
931 miles in twenty-five hours, a saving
of three hours compared with the former
schedule. Starting from St. Louis at 2:15
p. m. every day, the "Nebraska-Colorado
express," composed of chair cars, sleepers
and diner, will reach Denver at 3:15 p. m.
the following day.
Dies From Morphine Poisoning.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Nov. 24.— Eugene
C. Chandler, a former well-known young
man of this city, died in a local hospital
to-day from morphine poisoning. Whether
it is a case of suicide or not the police
are not able to determine. A colored wo
man who gives the name of Rosa Hanes
of Fostoria, Ohio, has been arrested in
connection with the case. Chandler was
until recently the agent for an Eastern
manufacturing concern at Minneapolis.
HALE FAVORS
LARGER NAVY
Says Congress Will Au
thorize Increase of
Officers and Men.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— "Congress
will provide a substantial though not an
extravagant increase of the navy during
the coming session. It will also authorize
an increase of the commissioned and en
listed forces."
This prediction was made this afternoon
by Senator Eugene Hale of Maine, chair
man of the Senate naval committee.
"It is difficult to exactly estimate the
extent of the increase Congress will au
thorize," continued the Senator, "but I
hardly believe it will be as gTeat as the
department and the naval boards whose
advice has been sought desire. Congress
must make large appropriations, not only
for current expenses, but for the improve
ment of rivers and harbors, the construc
tion of the isthmian canal, etc. It is our
aim to distribute the appropriations as
soon as possible. The naval estimates for
the next fiscal year are almost $100,000,
00 larger than they have ever been.
"Congress must, therefore, carefully
consider what it shall do in the way of
augmentng the navy. Undoubtedly, the
policy of a steady increase should be con
tinued, and I will earnestly support it. I
am in favor of the construction of fast,
well-protected and heavily armored cruis
ers rather than battleships, because I be
lieve them capable of more effective ser
vice. I doubt if Congress will consent to
authorize the large increase of the com
missioned force desired by the depart
ment, though it will probably authorize
the appointment of a sufficient number of
cadets at the naval academy to prevent
under officering of the ships.
"It is not the intention of Congress that
all the ships should be kept in commis
sion, but that some of them should be
laid up in ordinary, ready to enter into
commission the moment they are needed.
Consequently a large increase of officers
is unnecessary. The enlisted strength of
the navy is insufficient, and provision for
its increase will be made."
Will Celebrate Thanksgiving.
OAKLAND, Nov. 24.— The class of '02
of St. Mary's College will, on Tuesday
evening, hold a Thanksgiving celebration
at the college. There will be literary and
musical entertainment under the manage
ment of Carl Adam, president of the day.
James P. Towey will deliver the oration
and Joseph P. Flanigan will read an origi
nal poem.
St. Mary's Team Wins.
OAKLAND. Nov. 24.— The Phoenix
baseball team of St. Mary's College this
afternoon defeated the Henry Hilp team.
The game was played on the college cam
pus and was witnessed by a large crowd.
The score was 4 to L
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1901.
YOUNG LADIES OF ST. PATRICK'S
PARISH ARRANGE A BIG "AT HOME"
Hundreds of Pretty Hostesses Will' Welcome Guests and See They
Enjoy Meny Time at Function Which Has Been Planned to
Raise Money and Incidentally Avoid Usual Church Fair Scheme
OAKLAND, Nov. 24.— The young
ladies of St. Patrick's Parish
are going to give the biggest "at
home" that West Oakland ever
had. It will be held in the Audi
torium, on Tenth street, near Peralta,
and will be in progress from November
28 to November 30. The hostesses will
be several hundred strong. The guests
will be everybody that wishes to be en
tertained.
The idea originated with the Rev. J.
B. McNally, pastor of St. Patrick's
Church. Father McNally does not ap
prove, he says, of the regulation church
fair. He wants to get out of the rut —
wants to give the young folks of the
parish a good time during the Thanks
giving season, and at the same time
gather in a few dollars to meet general
expenses.
With these objects in view he called to
gether the young ladies of the parish, and
after several meetings the details were
arranged for a grand social carnival.
The Auditorium will be decorated to
READY TO FIGHT
RAILROAD TRUST
Governor of Minnesota
Declares Against
Big Combine.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov. 24.— The Pioneer
Press to-morrow will say:
Governor Van Bant has determined to
fight the great railway combine as repre
sented by the Northern Securities Com
pany, to the last ditch. He has decided to
call an extra session of the Legislature
for the purpose of providing funds for the
legal battle, and says that should the
Legislature fail to appropriate the
amount asked, he will use his own private
fortune to carry on the contest.
While he declines to make public his
plans for prosecuting the fight, the Gov
ernor does not deny that he has decided
upon an extra session. This decision was
reached after a protracted conference
with the heads of the various depart
ments and the chairman of the House
Committee on Appropriations. One hun
dred thousand dollars will be asked for to
cover the expenses of hiring counsel to
assist the Attorney General and for other
emergencies. Beyond appropriating the
money the Governor does not believe that
the Legislature can aid him materially.
The anti-trust and anti-consolidation laws
now upon the statute books of this State
are looked upon as embodying the limit of
legislative powers and the fight will be
made in the courts.
Although the Governor does not antici
pate that the Legislature will hesitate to
appropriate the sum asked for, he states
that should it do so he will use his private
fortune to carry on the struggle until it
is exhausted or until he has gained a de
cisive victory.
The call for the extra session will prob
ably not be made until the first of the
year and the date of the convening will
very likely be February 1.
PTJIXS SHOTGinsr OUT OP
BOAT MUZZLE FIRST
Fourteen- Year-Old San Diego Lad Is
Killed in Sight. of His
Pather.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 24.— Lewis Frevert,
the 14-year-old son of "W. L. Frevert, vice
president of the Chamber of Commerce
and manager of the Chadbourne Furni
ture Company, was the victim of care
lessness in the handling of a shotgun to
day. Frevert was hunting at La Mesa
reservoir, accompanied by his father, who
did not take a gun. The boy took a skiff
to cross the lake and get a closer shot at
a flock of ducks. Mr. Frevert saw him
reach the other side <nA stick down an
oar to hold the boat against the shore.
A moment later Mr. Frevert saw a flash
and heard a report. There was a yell
from Lewis, and Mr. Frevert saw him
stagger back from tha boat and drop.
When the father reached the lad's side
he found him dead, with a great woun-i
in his ieft breast on a line with the
heart. The gun was still in the boat, with
its mujjzle pointing out, showing that the
boy haS attempted to haul it out by % tak
ing hold of the barrel.
YOUNG LADIES WHO WILL
ASSIST AT ST. PATRICK'S
BAZAAR.
resemble a beautiful flower garden. At
intervals along the blossom-lined paths
KEEPS A PLEDGE
TO TAKE A LIFE
Outlaw Morales Slays
Lower California
Judge.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 24.— Word comes
from Lower California of another crime
to be added to the long list of those
charged up to Pete Morales, the outlaw
who is wanted on both sides of the boun
dary. After the attempt to capture Mo
rales eight or ten months ago, he repeat
edly sent word to Leardo Fierror, the Dis
trict Judge at Alamo, that he would kill
him. So hard pressed was Morales in that
pursuit that he had to abandon his horse
and saddle and Judge Fierror confiscated
them.
Last week Morales concluded that he
wanted his horse. He left his home at the
lino on Tuesday and was back Friday
with the horse and saddle. When he ap
peared at the home of Judge Fierror the
latter sent in a call for the guard. When
it was answered the guard found the offi
cial dead and Morales riding out of the
camp on his way to the border line.
CAMPBELL AGAIN
AMONG MISSING
He Once More Mysteri
ously Drops Out of
Sight.
BERKELEY, Nov. 24.— John T. Camp
bell, an old-time resident of this city,
dropped out of sight flve weeks ago and
no word has been heard of him sines.
This is his second mysterious disappear
ance. He wandered to Seattle two years
ago, but the weeks wlnich it took him to
go there are lost to his life, for his mind
was a blank from the time he left this
city until he awakened in Seattle. He
was never able to give the slightest ex
planation of how he leached the north
ern town.
Five weeks ago to-morrow Campbeil
went to San Francisco on business. He
transacted what he had to do, but never
returned home. Mrs. Campbell believes
that he has wandered away as he did be
fore, while his mind was temporarily un
balanced. She is unable to give the slight
est clew to his whereabouts, and is wait
ing with anxious uncertainty the outcomo
of this last of his strange wanderings.
She is confident that he has not deserted
his home of his own wHL
Campbell is 67 years of age. He has
gray hair and wears a short gray beard.
When he left he wore a dark suit and a
soft dark hat. He is about five feet eight
inches tall and weighs 175 pounds.
will be flve gayly decorated arborß. each
apporpriately named and in charge of
bevies of fair parishioners.
The arbors or booths will be arranged
for entertaining on a wholesale plan. Tea
kettles will sing a continuous welcome
and the arbor entrances will be fairly
fluttering with the latchstrings of hospi
tality.
Music and other devices of up-to-date
entertainers will be provided. Every
guest is assured of a welcome, something
to eat, and more pretty girls than can
be talked to at once. All that will be
asked in return is that the guests present
themselves in strong force.
If the visitors grow weary of too much
entertainment they will find in each booth
quite a variety of u~eful articles which
may be purchased at the modest prices
usually prevailing at affairs of this kind.
There will be boxes provided to accom
modate any money that grateful guests
may desire to leave with their hostesses.
The booths and their presiding mana
gers will be as follows:
St Cecilia booth— Miss Estelle Long (presi
dent) Misses Loretto Towne, Katherine Hane
ly Emily McCarthy. Florence Champreaux,
Grace Quinn, Mabel Welch.
Venetian summer-house — Miss Mary Don
nelly (president), Misses Maria, Sarah and
Ella Flynn, Kathrine Carroll, Pauline Sweeney,
Evelyn Long, Loretta Donnelly, Georgia Rob
bins Mary Cronln. A. Leary, Nellie Callaghan,
Minnie Reilley, Margaret Flynn, A. Robbins,
Mary McNamee.
Cozy bower— Miss Mamie Dolan (president),
Misses Alice O'Connell, Maggie O'Connell,
Mary McCarthy, Harrington, Marie Kane,
Emma Young, Nora Tworney. Hannah Twcr
ney Elizabeth Dolan, Annie Hennessey, Lucy
Flynn, Fanny Flynn, J. Cecile Richards, Marie
Coyne', Viote. Ford, Jennie Hollywood, Jtjseph-
Ine O'Connell.
Mission bells booth— Miss Emma Kane (pres
ident) Misses Anna Flynn, Lily McGrath, Liz
zie O'Connor, Katie Eagan. Lizzie Spiers, Kate
Klernan Mary Walbey, Kittie English. Mary
McNanice, Cassie McLaughlin. Nellie English,
Rose McAlvin, Belle Conneallan, Ida Bivan,
Marie Doud, Mamie Farley, Minnie Cardoza,
Grace Muldoon, Mamie Eagan.
Poetry paradise booth — Miss Rose "Walsh
(president). Misses Mary Farrell. Laura Rea
ney Annie McGreehan, Mary McGreehan, Kate
Lydon Agnes Mary and Margaret Cunning
ham, ' Josie and Alicia Gill, Sarah Mul
1ns. Kittie Ahem, Eliza Moran, Mary Ahem,
Kelia Walsh, Margaret Kenney. Mollie Hen
nlngs, Emilie Champreaux, Eugenia Cham
preaux,- Annette Collins, Katherine Mullen,
Pauline Sweeney.
JAPAN TRIUMPHS
OVER THE CZAR
Obtains From Korea
Concession Wanted
by Russia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Nov. 24.— Japanese mail ad
vices received to-day state that Japan has
scored a victory over Russia in obtaining
from Korea an exclusive concession for
a large settlement at Chapakpo, near
Masampo. Several months ago Russian
men-of-war landed marines at Masampo
and surveyed a tract of land amounting
to 750 acres. It was apparent that Russia
intended to demand either absolute title
or a long time lease of this tract, thereby
obtaining a permanent foothold on the
Korean coast. By strong representations
at Seoul Japan checkmated this move and
prevented its consummation.
Japanese diplomacy has since been ex
erted to the fullest extent in gaining such
influence at Seoul as would make possible
the acquiring of this same property in
the interests of Japan. Three weeks ago
the Korean Government officially an
nounced that the concession covering the
entire 750 acres had been made in Japan's
favor. Japan is to have the policing of
the now settlement, and must purchase
any portion owned by Korean subjects
within one year.
POKER GAME QUARREL
ENDS IN A MURDER
Son of a Weil-Known Oil Operator of
Pittsburg Is Killed by a
Colored Man.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Nov. 24.— Harry Mc-
Gee, son of a well-known oil operator of
this city, is dead as the result of a shoot
ing affray during a poker game at his
home in North Bridgewater. About 2
o'clock this morning McGee and several
companions, among whom was Leroy
Evans, a young colored man, were en
gaged in a game of poker, and while ar
guing over the opening of a jack pot Mc-
Gee is said to have struck Evans. The
latter left the house but returned in about
an hour and challenged McGee to a duel.
The proposition was refused. Before
others could interfere Evans drew his re
volver and fired, the bullet penetrating
McGee's lung. As McGee was falling he
pulled his revolver and fired at Evans,
but missed. McGee died to-night.
Haywards Firemen's Ball.
HATWARDS, Nov. 24.— The Volunteer
Fire Department will give its annual mas
querade ball Wednesday evening at Na
tive Sons' Hall. There are forty prizes for
ladies and gentlemen and sixty door
prizes.
MADRID, Nov. 24.— At Barcelona. Oorunna
and Carthagena meetings in denunciation of
the proposed Government bill dealing with
strikes were held to-day, yiolent speeches
¦were made, the speakers urging the workers
to prepare for a general strike.
Clubs are places where men go when
they want to get rid of themselves.
BEATING DRIVES
HIM TO INSANITY
Otto Hessman Ends His
Life After Thrashing
by A. Stenbiht.
Tragic Ending of a Career
Marked by Martial Un
happiness.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 24.— Driven to despair
by marital misfortunes and brooding over
a severe beating inflicted upon 1 him by Ar
thur Stenbiht, whom he accused of alien- j
ating the affections of his wife, Otto Hess- ;
man committed suicide early this morn- |
ing by inhaling illuminating gas. His j
body was discovered about 11 a. m. in a ';
bedroom in the Hesaman Institute build- \
ing, 1042 Central avenue, by, E. E. Blake,
who went there for the purpose of in- j
specting a piano he intended to purchase, j
Extending from a gas jet into the sui- i
cide's mouth was a section of rubber tub- j
ing. So dense was the fatal gas in the j
death chamber that it permeated the hall- j
way adjoining and partially stifled Hess- j
man's faithful dog, which was lying out- I
side the bedroom door.
On a table- near the body was found the ¦
following note marked "copy," and "Rec'd :
Nov. 22," addressed to Hessman by his j
wife and signed by her:
Mr. Otto Hessman— Dear Sir: I have rented j
1001 Taylor avenue and the tenants are in- i
stalled. Please do not call there, a3 they are !
not like the "Hymans." I have also rented j
this lower flat. The tenant will move in next
Monday, so you must find other quarters.
Yours truly, CLARA T. HESSMAN.
Suicide Leaves Note.
With the foregoing was also the follow
ing in Hessman's handwriting:
That she borrowed money from a friend of
mtna under false pretenses and foolishly in- ;
dorsed a note of $225; that about a month after I
she tried to borrow another $350 from the same
party, but I stopped such transaction; that I
had been advised, perhaps for eight years, to
look out for my wife or pack up and leave i
her. but I believed her to be true.
Hessman was last seen alive at Kriete's ;
saloon, Ninth street and Santa Clara
avenue, last night shortly before 12
o'clock. Friends who were with him then
assert that he was sober, but very de
spondent because of the thrashing and
injuries he had received at the hands of i
Arthur Stenbiht during the afternoon. !
When Hessman left Kriete's place it is j
presumed he retired to his room in the
flessman Institute building, which for
merly belonged to him, and which he
deeded to his wife some time ago. He had
lived* there for years with his wife. Since
she commenced suit for a divorce, several
weeks ago, Hessman has roomed there
alone. Mrs. Hessman has roomed at 1001
Taylor avenue, which property stands also
in her name.
Hessman was employed by the South
ern Pacific Company in San Francisco as
a draughtsman. He came home early yes
terday afternoon, and acting on the ad
vice of friends secured a short riding
whip and went to 1001 Taylor avenue to
see his wife and to horsewhip Stenbiht,
whom he accused as co-respondent in the
cross-complaint filed in his wife's suit for
divorce. When Hessman rang the bell
the door was opened by Stenbiht.
Hessman Accuses Stenbiht.
"You are the man who wrecked my hap
piness and home," shouted the excited
husband, as he lashed furiously at Sten
biht.
The latter being younger, stronger and
more active, grappled with Hessman and
knocked him down time and again. Neigh
bors interfered to stop the combat, but
before this was done Hessman's eyes were
blackened and closed and he was cut in
numerous places about the face. All these
details of the fight were learned by the
police to-day when they investigated the
case. The authorities endeavored to lo
cate Stenbiht and Mrs. Hessman, but
were informed that they had gone to San
Francisco.
In her suit for divorce, Mrs. Hessman
charged her husband with extreme cruelty
and habitual intemperance, alleging that
he had threatened to kill her with a knife
and pistol, and that he had called at sa
loons and asked for her in order to humil
iate her. Hessman, in an answer, denied
all the foregoing charges and allegations,
and filed a cross-complaint in which he
accused his wife of lavishing her affec
tions upon Stenbiht.
The Hessmans have resided here about
twelve years. They had no children. Mrs.
Hessman conducts a private commercial
school known as the Hessman Institute.
Hessman was a German, aged about 50
years. Stenbiht is an architect.
Deputy Coroner James Fowler removed
Hessman's body to the local branch
morgue, where an inquest will be held.
CEASELESS VIGIL
WITH THE DEAD
Campers Carry Corpse
With Them in Their
Travels.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS, Nov. 24.— An old man and a
young boy drove up to one of the local
livery stables on Friday evening and
asked to be allowed to remain over night
in the corral. The fine appearance of their
horses and equipment arrested the atten
tion of the liveryman, and, while looking
around, ho noticed what appeared to be
a coffin in the wagon. When pressed for
an explanation, the old man said:
"You see, we don't like to sleep away
from the wagon; my dead wife is in there.
My grandson and myself are on our way
to Kelseyville, Lake County, Oregon. My
wife has been dead eighteen months,
placed her in that casket you see and
kept her in the house until we started for
California. It has been in the wagon ever
sine©, and I am going to bury her in Kel
seyville." ,  . , .. .
The two lonely travelers pitched their
camp, cooked their supper, and then pre
pared to sleep; and to one passing the
silent camp the dying flames of the camp
fire throwing intermittent flashes of light
on the wagon, the outlines of the casket
which held the dead wife of the sleeping
man could bo seen.
EX-PRESIDENT CLEVELAND
IS VEBY MUCH IMPROVED
Physician Says That to All Appear
ances He Is Entirely Out
of Danger.
PRINCETON, N. J., Nov. 24.— The con
dition of ex-President Cleveland is very
much improved. Dr. Wickoff, his physi
cian gave out the following statement for
publication to-night:
"Mr Cleveland is getting along very
nicely, and to all appearances is entirely
out of danger. He passed a restful night
and has had a very comfortable day."
Mrs. Cleveland made the following
statement to-night:
"Mr. Cleveland is very much improved
and we are encouraged to believe that he
will be fully recovered within a few days.
He Is still in bed, but is resting very
quietly. At times he is somewhat dis
tressed with a cough, caused by the
breaking up of the cold."
The most intimate friends of the family
have expressed their confidence that Mr.
Cleveland will be well again in a few
days.
MADRID. Nov. 24.— Numerous churches in
the provinces have been destroyed during the
last few days by incendiary fires. Thus far
the police have secured no clews as to the
culprits.
OTTAWA. Ont, Nov. 24.— A cable from Lon
don to-night says that Canada's offer of 600
mounted infantry for service in South Africa
has been accepted by the War Office.
DEATH RIDES
WITH HUNTERS
Runaway Costs Life oi
H. Kuhlkun in
Berkeley.
Four Men Thrown From Cart
in Which They Start
for Marshes.
ERKELET, Nov. 24.-Herman Kuhi
kun, a young man who resides at ISU Ad
dison street, received injuries in a run •
away late last night wuich resulted in hia
death a few hoursjats.-. The breaking of
a rein which lie Tvas balding caused him
to fa!! from the rapidly moving rig. KH
skull was fractured am! he was badly
bruised by striking the hard macadam.
Kuhlkun with three companions,
Ryan, Joseph Ogilvie and William Car
ney, started last nignt at 10:30 oclocc
from Ryan's home, at IS4O Berkeley wa\\
for the marshes nort l of San Pablo for
an early morning duck hunt. Ail four
were in one cart. Og*.vie held the reins
over a young and spirited animal ho
owns, which nad been Droken to harnes:*
but a short time. It had never bee.i
driven after dark and commenced to rui:
as soon as started.
Ogilvie swung the horse into University
avenue and started *wn that thorough
fare. At the corner of California street a
rein broke. Where University avenue
crosses San Pablo avenue there is an
open ditch fifteen leet deep and as many
feet wide, where a large concrete culvert
is to be constructed, rhe horse was run
ning straight for this when the reiu
broke. The strain jn the other rcn
turned the horse into Curtis street t*>
blocks from San Pabio avenue, wher«
Kuhlkun took the remaining rein in hop«=»
of pulling the horse a: to a small ditcti
ilong University avenge and thus throw
ing the animal. When he drew up on O«
rein it snapped and he fell out, knockiiirf
Ryan with him. Kuhlkun never regained
consciousness after hs struck the maca^
dam road. Carney and Ogilvie jumped,
the former escaping without injury, both
Ogilvie and Ryan were badly bruised by
their falls.
Young Kuhlkun's companions carried
him to Dr. Gladding' 3 office, at the corner
of San Pablo and University avenues,
where he died at 1:30 o'clock this morn
ing. Deputy Coroner Slreightif has taken
charge of the remains, and the inquest
will be held to-morrow evening at T.lo
o'clock at the Berkeley branch morgue.
The deceased was 23 years of age and
was the son of M. Kuhikun, aa employ*
of the city street department.
DESPONDENT BLACKSMITH
SLASHES HIS THROAT
John Brouillard Tries to Commit Sui
cide in a Tankhonse at
West Oakland.
OAKLAND, Nov. 24.— Supposed de
spondency because of family troubles led
John Brouillard, a blacksmith, to attempt
to commit suicide last night by cutting
his throat.
He was found half conscious and cov
ered with blood this morning in a tank
house at the rear of F. Sicotte's residence,
1685 Eighth street. Brouillard was hur
ried to the Receiving Hospital, where a
gash three inches long in his throat waj
sewed up. The doctors say he will re
cover.
Sicotte explained that the despondent
blacksmith, whom he knew quite well,
arrived in town last evening from Point
Richmond, where he had been working
in the Santa Fe Railroad shops. Brouil
lard wanted a place to sleep and was
given quarters in the tankhou3e. One of
the family went out this morning an<i
discovered Brouillard' s condition. Tha
injured man told the hospital attendants
that he had been an inmate of the Stat»
hospital at Agnews seven years ago. He
has a divorced wife residing in San
Francisco, who was notified of her former
husband's condition.
She went to the hospital and declared
that Brouillard was insane. He will bs
held for examination by the Lunacy
Commissioners.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 24.— Lloyd Gri»
com, the newly appointed Minister to Persia,
and Mrs. Gri3com are staying with Spencer
Eddy, secretary of the United States legation
here.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STRICTL r RELIABLE
f^j Dr.Talcott
t STRICTLY RELIABLE
Dr. Talcott
& Co.
DISEASES AND
WEAKNESS OF
P^MMeri Only
\ \\lyjl*.dr . Consultation Free.
CONTRACTED DISORDERS.
UNDER THE TREATMENT PURSUED BE- "
fore irrigations were established, six weeks
was deemed the duration of an acute contracted
disorder. If It proceeded beyond six weeks it .
was considered to have gone into ¦ a , chronic
condition. From statistics compiled from our
practice in : the past five years, covering over
600 cases, we can show that 90 per cent of our
patients have recovered in . fourteen days or
less. It is, therefore, equally proper to hold
that a case : not entirely cured within two
weeks must be considered a chronic one, and
some complication has arisen for which ; th«
patient should see a specialist. We invite free
consultation on ¦ this subject and offer an ex-
perience of over twenty years; in fact, we can
I positively . assert that . we have never failed to -
I cure in a single Instance. PHRH^Hpis
! All •' Varicoccles Should Be Cured
Varicocele Is an enlargement of the most
vital blood vessels In man. The function of
these veins is to carry off waste, thus enabling
the organs to receive fresh nutrition. The dis-
ease consists of a dilation and local stagnation
of blood, from which the organs are deprived
of their proper quantity and quality of nour-
ishment. Varicocele is a very common di»-
order. " Statistics show that 25 per cent of the
male population are afflicted' with some stage
of the disease. "We emphatically guarantee to
cure varicocele in ; one week -at our •office, 'or
four weeks of home treatment. - We have cured
over 3000 cases without a single failure or un-
pleasant result. We mean by a cure, re-
establishment of nutrition of the organ, and its
function win be restored. We have. shown this
result so often and can refer to so many cases
in . proof 'of • this statement that we make .It
without hesitation or reserve. We ' invite cor-
respondence ; and the fullest investigation •of
our methods. - ¦ ____ -V. ¦''.; -
97 ".'Market ¦ St., Cop. 6th.
¦ -•¦¦ ¦•¦ 'V VJ ; ¦.- i '.-'w?i' ¦. ..¦." . •• . ¦
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
* MUSEUM OF anatomy?
;A « gj} T* MB JU22ZT ST. TMt. fcUTA. 5.7.C& 1
\ - i^«^ ' The L*r jest Anatomical Museum in the \
' m ¦¦¦ irTtfii World, . Weaknesses or any ctmtraetml m
Z. flB M "¦ < a »«»« ailu »« -| ye»*~lhTtheoMest T
® f*~ W 1 Specialist oa the Coast. Est. 36 years. C
ill ¥ A Off. JOfIBAN-DISEASES 0? MEN 0
lIHwl Censnltation free and strictly private. \
I jSV/ if Treatment personally or .by letter. A m
1 W'« ¦ Positive Own in every case undertaken. T
Iff II A ' w nt« for Book. 3PH II.O *O BI .f A
• I ItT lABRIAGE, MAIL3D PR 32, (at
1 fa (fc Taluab!": booic for men) .-- • ;,:.l
V 08. JORDAN A CO., 1061 Market St.. S. T. V
I . —
! 4% ¦¦¦¦ M± Rifles, Ammunition, I ', Flsh-
nilßlC* ing Tackle, Sporting. Out -
¦lHl V ins Goods. Largest Stock.
¦Il 11g Lowest Prices. Send for
LJIJI «U Catalogue and Job Sheet.
• 73» Market. : Sll Kearny
LIPATENTSrJ)
MARKET b~T. 5 F. \m^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USK i DAMIANA BITTERS, THH
Great ; Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual -organs. Depot. 323 ilarke» '
78
bAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE 'of The San Francisco
Call, corner at Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
3PO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
659 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m. .
SIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1!»<1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 8 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
10S6 Valencia street; open -until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twcntv-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
200 F'.llrnore street; open until 9 p. m. ¦
MEETING NOTICES. ¦'/.V.;_ v"
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery X <j
No. 16. K. T.. 625 Sutter St.— Special ]— 1
assembly THIS EVENING, at 7 lIBJ
o'clock. Order of Red Cross and NY
Temple. All fraters are courteously invited.
H. D. LOVELAXD, Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal •
Arch Masons meets THIS EVENING. _#^
M M. degree. yWS
,H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. 'V '
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. fa
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at 7 J%-
o'clock.^ Third decree. Master Masons J^Jk
cordially invited. By order of the W. *~^
M. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. j»
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY (MON-^4;
DAT). November 25, 1901. at 7:30 p. m. jtJT
Degree 2. By order of the W. M. f^r\
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. ft
and A. M. 1839 Fillmore Third de- _#*_
gree THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. tTIT
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary. /?>
ST. ANDREWS Society.— The in- A %T >.
Etallatlon of officers of this society 3L uuj
will take place MONDAY EVEN- S £^X£*
ING, Nov. 25, In St. Andrew's "**?£ — p
rooms. Scottish Hall, 117 Larkin st
GEO. ST. J. BREMNER, Secretary.
THE Board of Medical Examiners of the
State of California will hold a regular meet-
ing at examination chambers. Civil Service
Commission. City Hall, Jan Francisco, Cali-
fornia, on TUESDAY, December 3, 1901. at
10 a. m. C. C. WADSWORTH. M. D..
Secretary. J
PAAUHAU SUGAR PLANTATION CO.. office
327 Market St., San Francisco, Nov. 20, 1901:
Annual meetine— annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Paaubau Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be held at the office of the
comcany. 227 Market st., in the city and
county of San Francisco, State of Califor-
nia, on SATURDAY, the 7th day of Decem-
ber, 1901, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and for the
purpose of amending paragraph I of article
XIII of the by-laws of the company relat-
ing to the annual meeting of stockholders,
and for such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Nov. 26, 1901. at 3 o'clock p. m. By order ;
of the president.
¦ H. W. THOMAS, Secretary-
THE California Debris Commission, having re- j
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from W. B. Swank in the Geld Run
mine, near Mountain Ranch. Calaveras Coun-
ty, to deposit tailings in a ravine below the
mine; from D. Hartley & Co.. in the Roan-
eke mine, near Placerville. El Dorado County,
to deposit tailings in White Rock Creek; from
William McDonald, • in the Dardanelles and
Oro placer mine, near Forest Hill. Placer
County, to deposit tailings in Dardanelles |
Canon, and from W. S. and C. A. Cooley, j
In the Smith Bar mine, near Keep. Plumas ]
County, to deposit tailings in a worked-out i
Tit, rives notice that n. meeting will be held !
at room 59, Flood building. San Francisco, j
Oil., on December 2. 1901, at 1:30 p. m.
ACCOUNTANT AND AUDITOR.
EXPERT; highly recommended; six years Lon- !
don chartered accountant's experience; pri- '¦
vate investigations, balance sheets, intricate
accounts adjusted, stocks taken, professional
men's accounts made up and rendered; all ',
branches of accountants' work. C. V.
ROWE. 18 Montgomery st., room 2; phone 1
Black 3186. . '
AGENTS ANTED. _^
HOLIDAY books ready: best assortment; plenty
of "The Life of President McKinley" now on
hand. Send orders THE J. DEWING CO.
TWO men wanted to canvass something new.
1067 Market St., room 1. ' '"-h-i> i
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
i PELTIER, asphalt, roofing, sidewalks re- i
paired; postal. 1188 Mission; teL Folsom 2477. !
CITY ASPHALTUM CO., 632 Market St.— Roofs, i
sidewalks, floors; cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free ; divorces a specialty ; quick, quiet.
No charge without success; established 16 yrs. !
Open evenings by appointment; phone John 3181. ,
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market st, cor. Stockton. |
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy; co!- '
lections: attachments; mortgages; bills of sale; j
partnerships ;deeds; wills drawn; fees low; open '
eve' 6. THURSTON, 1008% Mkt. r. 4, opp. 6th.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, sixth
floor, 816 Market — Legal business of all kinds
solicited; advice free; able body of attorneys, j
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W. J
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market st. opp. Mason. I
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 527 Mar- ;
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES— Sale or Exchange. ;
GOOD second-hand bicycles for sale, $5 up; •
«nd for bargain list. LEAVITT A BILL, j
«09 Larkin ft.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
ONE or two children, age no objection, for a ¦
good home; playroom and sunny yard and '
the very best of care; price moderate. 443 :
Elizabeth st., between 23d and 24th.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or ;
three children; low terms. 1607 California st.
BOOKS — AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red »5«.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
BUREAU TRUNKS. ~
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock i
prices. Factory and salesroom. E26 Howard. ;
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A RARE offer! A rare offer! A $5000 saloon in •
best business location on Market st; long
lease; rent only $2 50 per day; elegant fix-
tures and business clearing above $300 month. ;
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26Vs Kearny st.
A— ssoo; SALOON, few doors from Market St.;
rent $20; a place taking in from $15 to $20 per i
day; good fixtures; National cash register
and clearing at least $100 per month. R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny St.
SALOON; choicest location on water
front: rent $40; place doing a rushing and 1
good paying business : value. in sight ; partnen.
—.n't agree. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— s3soo; SALOON, with mercantile lunch; net ;
rent $50; place established for 30 years; in <
best part of the wholesale district; owner I
never cleared less than $400 per month. Par- !
ticulars R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st
A— sl2oo; PARTNER wanted in one of the best !
paying corner saloons of Oakland; place ;
clearing above $300 per month; owner engaged I
otherwise; need trustworthy man. Call R. i
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $1000; BAKERY on Market St.; low rent; 5 ;
years' lease; 4 living rooms; baking 3 barrels J
per day; «nost store trade: owner cleared $1500 i
the last 5 months. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% !
Kearny et.
A— ssoo; CHOP and oyster house; only 1 bloc*
of The Call building; bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$400; COFFEE saloon and restaurant on •
Fourth St., about 1 block from Market; rent
530; a good paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. _¦ -
A— s3so6; SALOON, about 4 doors from Call
building; if you mean business I give you par-
ticuiars. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Bt
A— s2so; PARTNER wanted in commission
business; will clear $75 month to each; no
experience required. See STRAND & CO
20» Kearny St.
WE buy, sell or exchange business of any
kind. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st.
A— $1000; PARTNER In first-class saloon; re-
ceipts $600 month. STRAND, 209 Kearny st.
A— s4so; CIGAR store, Kearny et.; clears $100
month; full value. STRAND, 200 Kearny st
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION! .. !..,¦
Do you want to sell your business, or do you '
¦want a partner for a legitimate business? We
can sell your business or secure a partner '
quickly and without publicity: money ad- I
vanced. WILLIAMS, VIERECK & CO., j
Rooms 3 and 4, 1104 Market st., cor. Mason. j
RESTAURANT, $135; rent $10; a bargain. Mc-
BRIDE & CO., 765 Market st
STATIONERY and notion; ¦ $200; worth $400:
must sell; proprietor died. McBRIDE & CO.,
76; Market Et
$350— NICE cigar store on O'Farrell st. : worth
$500: a good chance. McBRIDE & CO., 765
Market Bt
A FIRST-CLASS milk route, stock. &c ; 1600
gallons dally; worth $10,000, for $6000. SICK-
ELS. 6 Geary et. • . •
Al HOTEL and bar business, clearing $400 mo.,
for $6000. N. D. SICKELS. 6 Geary st.
CIGAR stand, grocery and bar; $600; -lodg-
ing houses of all kinds. DECKER, 921 Market.
PARTNER wanted with $350; experience not
necessary; office business. Decker. 921 Market.
A— DELICACY store in first-class running or-
*••; «o*j>. MITCHELL & CO.; 1206 Market.
ntJSINERS CHANCES— Contlivned.^
MARION "GRIFFIN, 719 Market; nr. Call bldg.
Bakery; established 9 years; first class.. $750
Branch bakery; snap; central ;O.K. 175
Home bakery;, clears $75 month; guarant. 700
Butcher shop; daily sales $30; must sell.. 350
10 other fine butcher shops up t0.. '.:.....: 2500
Barber shop; 2 chairs; receipts $30 weekly. 150
18 restaurants, from ?2500 down t0.... ; 175
Delicatessen; clearing $75 per m0nth...... 350
Candy store; especially, nice for a lady.... j 350
Dressmaking business; 4 fur. rms. ; r. $12. 125
Cigar stands; $1500. $500, $650 and :.*... 375
Stationery stores; $1500, $600. $500 t0.V..... 425
Pork store; daily sales $30: estab. 25 yrs. 2000
loons and groceries and bars; all sizes.
A FINE opening for experienced man for half-
Interest in paying 6 day restaurant; trial
given to right man; no triflers need apply.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
$350— PARTNER wanted in good business; trade,
established; call and investigate; this is a
good chance. 935 Market st. room 14. ; '-. .
IF you want a partner or buy established
business we have them; see us first 927
Market St.. room 20S. ,
PARTNER in old-established cigar manufac-
j turing, business; wholesale and retail; reason
I sickness. Full particulars at 257 Fourth st.
i A— FOR cigar stands that actually make
money, see C. L. HEDGES, 461-2 Parrott big.
i A— CAUTION; don't buy any business before
procuring Buyers' Guide; $1. 462 Parrott big.
$75— RESTAURANT among factories; $12; liv-
ing-rooms; will take partner. 1221 Market st.
j HORSE, road wagon and harness cheap, or ex-
j change for small business. Box 1923, Call.
j WANTED— To buy, small store; no high prices I
• Box 1904. Call office. '
j CHOICE corner saloon; good location; paying
> business. . Apply at NE. cor. 7th and Folsom.
i RESTAURANT, money maker, worth $1000, for
j $450. Call quick at 369 Hayes st. >
RESTAURANT for sale; a bargain; last day.
217 Sixth st; make an offer. - -•;-'-
RESTAURANT, $550; choice location; clearing
$100 to $125 per month; investigate this if
you want a bargain; no agents. Box 2325, Call.
I $2000— SALOON on Market St.; receipts $25 to
i $30 per day; Investigation solicited; no agents
j need apply. Box 1903, Call office. ,
I RELIABLE blacksmith, easy terms, can have
the oldest and best paying shop in California.
Business Board of Trade, 326 . Pine St.
I PHONOGRAPH parlors, 236% East sty clear-
ing $150 per month, can be bought cheap. Call
739 Harrison St.
! SACRIFICE on account of sickness; bakery, '
¦ stationery, candles, tobaccos; opposite school
and station. 2047 Railroad, aye., Alameda.
! FOR SALE— A good planing mill in a lumber !
yard; located in a growing town. Address !
P. O. box 459. Heaidsburg. Cal.
! SALOON — Good location. Apply 644 Sacramen-
to st, room 3. . ,- .¦(,",
; FIRST-CLASS saloon, " with grocery, on ac- 1
count of death. Inquire 1637 Folsom st. i
! FASHIONABLE ladies' hairdressing parlois !
6 store; fine location. Box 2354, Call, Oakland !
;. . .
; FOR sale— A first-class hotel at Watsonville. 1
Address R. P. QUINN. Watsonville. !
¦ GROCERY store and bakery. Inquire at Fifth-
i st station, Alameda. ,
i SALOON for sale, opposite the ferry. Apply !
I 111 East st. north of Market. ... i
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. f j
!44 ROOMS— CLEARS $250 EVERY MONTH; !
I don't miss this bargain. DECKER, 1038 Mkt.
! ALL BARGAINS-CALL FOR LIST.
; 24 rooms; the best $2000
12 rooms; large yard 1500 i
! 40 rooms; boarding _ 4500 i
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard 350 !
: 10-room house; fine location ." 425 j
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900 ;
16 rooms; transient; only $490 ca5h........ 750 i
j 100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit.. 5500 ,
8 rooms; fiat; near City Hall 350 I
18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $80 800 |
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150 1600 j
10 rooms; on Mason st.; new 750 \
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500 ;
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments 1250 !
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
$1600 — ONLY $700 cash, bal. easy payments; best I
transient house in city. H. C. DECKER, 1020 j
Market st * j
! A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
! Any of the following on monthly payments:
8 rooms'; well furnished $400 I
17 rooms; $250 can remain; clears $S5 500 j
" 33 rooms: grand transient location 2200 !
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1200 !
16 rooms; corner; part cash : 1000 j
28 rooms; clears $60; payments...! 400 |
M rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5500 |
40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice... 1250 i
CALL. WE CAN SUIT - YOU.
IS rooms; respectable; clears $80 1500 i
i 20 rooms; good location; money maker 750
i MONEY LOANED -PHONE JOHN 531
! A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st.
1 40 ROOMS; sunny and every room rented; good i
: location; clears $200; $2850. RETSLOFF.
15 ROOMS; just listed ;. clears $70; best in the !
city; $1200; payments. RETSLOFF.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO., ' T
850 Market st. Tel. Davis 281. i
10 beautiful rooms; Geary st $1500 i
10 rooms; Ellis st. 1000,
14 rooms; well furnished; cheap rent 1400 :
20 rooms; Van Ness; some boarders 2500 1
15 rooms; Van Ness ..'...... 1200 |
20 rooms; good location 2300 '<
40 rooms; cheap rent; good 4500 !
7 rooms; well furnished; sunny ....... 600 J
50 rooms; new house; rent $150 2535 j
30 rooms; rent $30; corner 1500 ,'
OR ANY HOUSE IN THE CITY FOR CASH 1
OR ON EASY PAYMENTS.
WE FURNISH NEW VACANT HOUSES.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market..
A. CAMERON & CO., ~ . (
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st. I
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328. •
See our list of bargains.
34 r. ; good cor. ; fur., carp.; low rent.. s27oo ;
53 r. ; cor. apart. ; total expense per mo. $175 |
31 r. ; rent low; good house every way.. 2100 j
24 r.; rent $65; Al loc.; reduced to 1000
23 r. ; offices; rent $110; els. $200; investigate
15 r. : new house, fur. 2 mos.; reduced.. 1450
1 14 r. ; rent $40; trans, loc; clears $100... 1300 j
7 r. ; rent $45; modern flat; leaving city.. 375 ;
A CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE.. j
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market nr. Call Bid.
30 r.; CORNER; rent $60; housekeeping... $430
53 r. ; CORNER; rent $75; apartments..... 3000 .
32 r.; CORNER;- rent $90; clears $90 1000 ;
15 r.: CORNER; rent $25; clears $75.... 700
21 r. ; CORNER; transient; fine place..... 1500
24 r. ; CORNER; rent $50: steady roomers. 1000
Mr. ; CORNER; downtown; clears $150 i
29 r.; CORNER; rent $50; clears $125 1500 I
10 r. ; CORNER; rent $30: new; clears $30.. 500 I .
25 r. ; CORNER; rent $50; clears $102 1600
12 r. ; CORNER; Ellis; nice; respectable. 700
WINSTON & WOLF, ~ .',¦.-.
1026 Market st. Phone Jessie 2211.
GENUINE SNAPS
2 rooms; rent $75; clearing $80..... $1050
50 rooms; rent and expenses $150; income I I
$350. leaving net profit. s2oo; part cash.. 4200
; 17 rooms; swell home; nice yard; 0n1y.... 1200 ,
I 11 rooms; rent $35; downtown 325 <
I 28 rooms; best respectable location in city. 2100 I
: 17 rooms; part offices; money maker 1160
j McBRIDE & CO. have moved to 765 Market st.
Some Bargains for To-day: |
100-room house '. .SI4CO |
16-room house 900 !
12-room house '. 600 I
10-room house 700
14-room boarding-house 1100
Great bargains in restaurants, saloons, '
bakeries, candy, cigar stores, etc. ' .
FOR — At Sacramento, Cal., a second-class
hotel of 60 rooms, reading-room, dining-room, j
kitchen and barroom; all the rooms rented to 1
steady lodgers; located on principal business j
street; offered at a sacrifice, as owner's health
will not permit him to continue the business;
rent reasonable. For further particulars in-
quire of W. P. COLEMAN CO., 325 J St..
Sacramento, Cal. . . . ".
A— lo ROOMS; Ellis st; rent $32 60 ;_ only .'.s3oo
16 rooms: good furniture, carpets; only.. 725
12 rooms; Market st. ; rent $40: good house. 550
Many more bargains; get our list first I
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
A— NOTICE— have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
list first MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st
30 ROOMS; beautiful house: profit $130.... 53150
4 rooms; rent $175; clears $200 month 2000
21 rooms; profit $70 month; bargain........ 1150
15 rooms; profit $50; good 1 10cati0n......... 1050
14 rooms; rent and water $27 50.... 400
COFFMAN & SHUBERT, 1007^ Market st. .
M. E. RIVES. 916 Market; phone Main 128.
14 rooms; nice private boarding-house... $850
15 rooms; sunny bay windows; good buy. 1300
25 rooms (worth $2000); rent only, $100.... 1400
46 rooms; low rent; part cash; bargain.. 4000 ¦
BUYERS — Before buying a house go to "
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, '.
, Phone Mint 191 L 917 Market st., opp. Mason.
• He can suit you in houses and prices."
A— $1100; HOUSE of 41 rooms; rent $75; place
clearing easily $175 per month. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26^ Kearny st. : .. ¦ -.' - ¦¦?-,.¦
$1200—23 ROOMS; 15 housekeeping; always full;
fine location: no agents. : Box 1946. Call office.- .
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual -"medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; dr.' Sun., T
' Wed. . and Friday evening. 1035 Market of
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue.. Fri., Sun., 8 p. m., 50c. 1084 Bush st. "
PROF. GEE, ,108 Sixth St., satisfactory
readings, 60c, $1; circle every night, 10c. v »
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis, phone • Polk 1601;
sittings 9:30 to 6; seance * Sun. and Thurs. ,
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C.J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night. 10c.
BROCK WAY'S seance Sunday. Tuesday, Thurs-
, day, 25c. 8:15 p. m.; readings dally. 299 Hyde.
«- ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1901.
SPIRITUALISM — Continued. ;j;
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, $1;.
: ; ; letter. $2. 1164 OTarrell St.; Ellis car. .---¦-.-.;
1 Mrs. Valeen, auto, writing -med., clair.", palm.;
, succeeds when others fall ;. 50c.- 1583 Market.
1 MRS. HARLAND; returned; air. Tues., Thurs.,
:„ Fri., Sun.; 10c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
1 MRS HUBBARD, 109 -Oak ; circle Sun. , Tues. ;
, Fri., 7:30; Wed.. ladies, 2:30; read, daily, 50c.
~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
me?~m7~bernard, T ~~
. THE FAMOUS ;\ :
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
I located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
I scription of the past, . reveals the present hap-
, penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. • If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business . troubles, consult ' this great
medium and you will be told how. to overcome
them. . Valuable advice :in all affairs of . life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. . Tel. Black 4569.
BROOKS, CLAIRVOYANT AND : MEDIUM.
Do you wish to succeed? Are you making a
change in business? Are you ill, depressed or
uncertain? Why not . seek the fullest knowl-
edge that will help you 'to succeed Letters
containing stamp answered. f BROOKS, 1206
Market, rooms 34 and j 35, '¦ cor. Golden j Gate. I
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE. the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
: ket St., cor. Golden Gate aye., rooms 25 and
" 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; . send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. . Daily, and Sunday. ; .
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk st ; readings by mail.
DAGMA, renowned and peerless clairvoyant; if
you are in trouble, | unhappy or not ' satisfied
consult her, she can give you correct informa- '
tion concerning your . future j and start - you ,
on right path. 43 Van Ness, Ist floor., 10 to 9.
ME. ARNDT.the great clairvoyant, past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
• fee 25c & up; satisfaction to everybody; open
[ Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. ; m. r 215% Sixth St. ,
ME. PORTER, : wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with - double : veil— second sight;
I diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies 50c,
• gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $i 50. 12G Turk.
PROF. WELLER, 1007% Market; clairvoyant,
scientific palmist and card-reader; special of-
I . fer for 10 days: $5 readings, $2; $2 for $1; $1 for
50c. . If you bring this ad you get this offer.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
. palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
; to 5 p. ,m. ¦ Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. .¦¦¦ ; ;
MISS M. WILLE, 326 A Ellis st. clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly; gives
names, dates, facts, tells everything;, read-
' ings, 50c, - $1; hours. .10 a. m. to Bp. m. - .
I MRS. MURRAY, formerly Mrs. Anthony, me-
j dium, 946 Folsom St.; ladies, 25c; gents, 50c
I MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, | card reader; la-
dles 25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
I MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
j spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
ME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th ; open Sundays.
! CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; from. Louisiana;
! ' only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
: MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
j reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563
j MRS. B. Baumann; well-known fortune teller, ~
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
AUGUST, clairvoyant, ; reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay: 25c 1149 Mission, over store.
! MME. MARCEAU. card reading; ladies, 10c;
I gents, 25c. 625 Minna st ¦ ;' w
! MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
: advice ; names given : 25c , up. 5 . Fourth : Ft. ¦
; CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
i send to SPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357. Tehama St. : tel. South 40.
I MODERN CO. ; steam cleaning, 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c; renovated, relaid. 104 14th st. : tel.Capp 2542
[ ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WAI.COM & CO.. Prop.
I RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Mission 263. :
j CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works;
j £33 Golden Gate aye. ; telephone East 126.
I CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
j STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
i J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Rtno-
1 voting Co.. 240 »th St.: tel. Mission 74. ¦
, -'
CHIROPODISTS.
Ingrowing toenails, bunions and (corns cured |
painless 25c up). Dr. Brown, graduated chlropo-
; , dist, indorsed by medical prof n. 304 Stockton.
! COLLECTION OFFICES. ,
¦ &EO^tG^\vTnCEXLT^A^e^cy^NT^c^arge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market St.
i COLUMBIAN Law and Collection: Agency,
, rm. 85. 916 Market. Advice free; tel. Bush 194.
COTTAGES TO LET.
I A — SWELL, 6 rooms, modern. 2211 Webster
j . st., near Clay. • '.'¦"';,,
' 5 ROOMS, latest Improvements; small yard;
J $10. 1229 Cortland aye. ".'¦-¦¦ . , ¦ "
. - DENTISTS. ."•;¦•.:••'•- "¦¦•-".'
' A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 MarkeTst^ Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason- 1
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill- •
ings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns. $5 up; I
. plates, a lull set of teeth that look natural 1
. and guaranteed, $5 up. ¦ ¦ . -
Painless extraction. ' . '
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
j EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or . fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 ' years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and ! guaranteed; I lady ¦- attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. -
' ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market., cor.
; 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain- :
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 j
; up; office hours, 9a.m.to 9 p. m. ; Sundays, j
j 9t02.J. W. THATCHER. D.D.. 8., manager. |
j A NEW plate— Whalebone— cannot break; !
warranted 20 years; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c; :
! ; plates ¦ $5, full set; • all work painless • and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
LOWEST prices In S. . F. ; painless extraction.
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
i PARIS i Dental Parlors. ¦ 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth,; $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
YOU can save 40 per cent : on dental work by !
; going to PR. BROWN. 64 Sixth st. j
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy ; Work 1 done I
on weekly installments; lowest rates. ... ,- |
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
; YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. : ; ; ¦ • ¦ ¦'$.M
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain- !
less extraction, 50c;plates $5, up;phone 'Polk 1135. i
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex- '
aminer building; formerly .in Murphy, bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
¦ or at the Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye. .- -• .»¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st. ¦
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moftatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S S^HO^L^O^^ECTRICAIT ENGI-
NEERING demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
r practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F. ;
; catalogue free. ;'. ,-;\ ;r; r ' _•.-¦ .-.¦•. • .
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
' $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
. complete ' business education shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
. spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. f res. \
LEARN ; how to . write " short or : continued ' sto- '
• ries; get an idea of ! practical reporting and I
;* correspondence; private ; instruction in all I"
1 branches of journalism | thoroughly taught ,In j
, : six months. . For terms apply room 22, "The 1
Gladstone," corner Polk and Eddy Bts. ... -|
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
• S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment; 1
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
"¦ engineering; day; and: night; catalogue free. .
A— THE LYCEUM, : an ¦ accredited preparatory I
: school for the university, law and medical col- '
. leges; . references. : President Jordan .or any |
Stanford professor. -* Phelan building. - V .
The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad- ' 1
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
' MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth foi- |
" lowing? Life scholarship $50;, catalogue. .
TO exchange— A scholarship in a leading busi-
: ness ¦ college - for board : and room. .". Address
IN. : COHN, 1282 Eddy st, City. ¦;•-'- -' . " |
CALIFORNIA Business College ; most thorough i
' modern methods; positions for all graduates; '
; new ; 60-page • catalogue free. y 305 Larkin ; st. ¦ ; |
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ- '
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, " Par-
rott bide; Individual Instruction; catalogue. 1
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec, mining, mech.sur- ' V
.•:: vey, assay,; cyanide; day, eve. ;* est. -¦ 1864. ? Van V-
" der Naillen School, ; 113 Fulton, ( nr. City Hall.' ;¦; ¦
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per- 1 '
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building. '!
EDUCATIONAL— Continued." '' \
—  „ .. , „...,., -iwi.
A FULL course 'of Ellis bookkeeping and I the
8 Gregg shorthand j costs • only ' $60. =:; San Fran-
.-; Cisco Business : College, ; 1236 Market ; st."-;,'* ": ¦'¦ >
ACTING, elocution, specialties \ Hallett School,
associated 1 with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st. .-¦:. V
— Miss '- Bolte' t School, ; 2734 ? Pine . st. ; ( board
¦ Eng., French, German, music; $30 mo.; coach.
BOUVIERE School of Acting, 26 O'Farrell st,
room 30; positions guaranteed. "..", . .-. •; .
CHINATOWN sketching, oil and water colors
lessons. V? E.  W. | CURRIER, | studio j 36 , Geary. ¦
PROF. C.* • Hoffman, ' tenor and voice - builder; ;
Italian method; concert and opera. 1017 Sutter.
FIGURES— Nothing " like it for rapidity ; $5.
I TARR, \ 220 Parrott bldg., ' gives particulars. :
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
j lessons, EOc ; piano | for practice. -39 j Fifth st.
Leo I Cooper's School of Acting. 1 814 ( Geary ( st. ;
day- and even, . classes; > send , for new ' circular. '
ENGLISH, * Latin, " Mathematics, - Literature | a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College,' 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
; Pitman; shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
'l j pared for the ! stage. ' 125 Mason st. ;, ¦
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class., 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— P ARLINGTON'S DAY : and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD' S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ;
. founded . 1863: ; new 80-page catalogue free. 1
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
¦ etc. : day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th..
EMPLOYMENT iPFFJCE*^^^;
A— JAPANESE reliable housecleaning; also
¦ cooks and waiters furnished at short ' notice.
George . Kinochita, 783 Haight; . tel. Fell ' 5046;
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
j cooks, : waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell st: tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence .Of flee— Furnish : most
reliable help. '524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516. .
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
. : nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. 81ack 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. ; 315 ' Stockton ; Main 6182.'
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS infants' nurse" desires situa-
tion; : best of ref .; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 ' Sutter st. . " s
A COMPETENT * cook | desires situation on a.
' ranch or mining \ camp; references. ) MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter, st. ¦'¦;, -.* " : .'
SWEDISH girl of ' experience; .: a good cook;
also housework; city reference. Call from 11
; to 4at 1060 Howard St., room 4.V ./ ¦< .':'¦ ¦ ¦'¦
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation in private
. family. Call 653 Folsom St., near Third; no
mail answered. '- ; ; ; -'
COMPETENT dressmaker, good cutter and fit-
ter: satisfactory work; quick worker. Ad-
dress D., 1941 Mission st. ;
YOUNG woman wishes situation by ' the day
or week. .67 Shipley st. : .
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants to assist In gen-
• eral housework. . 144 Silver st. .:',•,"'. '.'
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes po-
I sition as housekeeper for one or- two persons;
. country preferred : address by I letter ! only.
Housekeeper, 1 Polk st. ; ; ;
MOTHER and daughter with child 4 years old
would like positions <in the country where
.: they can work together or separate. •' See
party at 320 Miana St., bet. 9 a. m. and 4 p. m.
DRESSMAKER from New York wants engage-
ments in families; tailor made and beautiful
- gowns; . satisfaction guaranteed. 823 Sutter
St.. lower flat. , :^ . '„ ' • ¦
NURSE, teacher and good seamstress wants
position; loves .children; short distance in
country preferred. ' Address box 2360, Call
office, Oakland. . ' ...
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
t ket — 200 rooms; £5c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and rom « ferry. '•>,;:;
A YOUNG German woman wishes a situation
to do general housework. Please . call at 32
; Natoma. st. •¦.-.,,: . '..:..¦-. ,
A GOOD . dressmaker would like a few I more
families to sew for; city reference. 215 Leav-
: en worth St.; tal. Sutter 277. . . \ ;
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work by the
day. or will do cleaning; good reference. D.
F., 21% Harrison aye. . .' '\: - ; ¦ -¦
WIDOW in poor health would like to ' place
daughter with refined lady permanently. Box -
1902. Call office. 'V -^ ••¦„'.'. -¦".
COLORED woman would like a place to work
mornings. Call, before 12 m. at 1080 Howard.
WOMAN wants ; work Iby the day, washing •or
housecleaning. Vl4 Hayes St., near : Larkin. : |
YOUNG German girl- wants upstairs work. ¦ 17
Hollls st. ¦ • ~ : ,
CLASSlFlED 'advertisements and subscriptions
: received .at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has : been established at -1096 I
Valencia st. - ¦• - --- : - » - --- I
'¦ EMPLOYMENT' WANTED MALE. .
A— GARDENER | who has seven • years' refer-
ences from" his last place in California, is
thoroughly ¦ competent in all branches of his
business, wishes situation. Address cure of
¦ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton St. ' ¦'¦' " ' _,! ;
RELIABLE man wishes to take charge and
i do the work of a : ranch with ! his own help
j at reasonable i waees ; good reference. .T. ¦ D.,
! 21 Harrison . aye., off ; Folsom st. •¦ . ... ¦ ;
MACHINIST, union, licensed engineer, wants
position; understands all machinery. Address
M., box 1905,. Call office.; -,; - • . . ¦' ¦
WANTED— A. position ; by a thoroughly compe-
tent and reliable man, aged 38, as foreign cor-
respondent (Italian, - French, . German and
English, Al, also Spanish), or as manager
in a banking, ¦ shipping or general export and
import business; London, colonial and U. S.
experience; highest references; salary not
less than ¦ $150. Address box 2372, Call office.
i YOUNG- man, 23, -wishes position - as ¦ stock
] clerk or salesman in wholesale or ¦ retail
house; has had previous experience. Address
. box 2340, , Call ¦ office. ¦¦ .; ' : • :
i FRENCH ' couple want situations in private
I • family; wife, cook; husband, butler, valet;
; steady positions in city or country; good ref>
erences.. C.8., 633 Broadway, v • -.. ;•¦ ¦ r-
OLD man wants to go as nurse for a consump-
: tive; I can give a receipt that cured me of
: consumption and piles. Address D. RODDEN,
' box 2877. . Call. .V ; "... f.¦ :;' ',-:,. .* -•-.-•¦, ;., -.- -
j EXPERIENCED ¦ engineer wants position as
[ engineer: or fireman; country ' preferred; have
Eastern State : license; experience 10 years.
Box 2084, Call of flee. . . ¦¦¦'.. '' . :',
PAPERHANGER and painter having complete
outfit tools . wants work. - 1302 Webster st. ;
; tel. Jackson 1321. ¦ ' . ' .
i GOVERNMENT bookkeeper being at leisure
j after 4 daily, will take charge set books for
I , moderate . remuneration." - Box 2322, Call office.
COMPETENT bookkeeper and stenographer de-
" sires position; experienced; best of references.
Box 2342. Call office. . V .. ; :
•YOUNG man not | afraid •of hard - work would
like a position _ with chance to advance. Box
, 2315, Call office. ; ; ." " ""¦ >.'" : ",:- ,
YOUNG man, " 21, -desires work in wholesale
j store; able and willing ; i first-class ' references;
' lives home. Address E. P., 711 California st.
COACHMAN— Thoroughly understands his busi-
ness; ¦ young man; good horseman; :* best * of
¦ references. Address J. 8., box 1942, Call.- '«...:
YOUNG ; : man, ' aged , 21. wishes , position '¦ as a
¦coachman and can do a little gardening and
'¦'¦ has good ' references. '* Box 2375, ;' Call, /t ; . .
BY ¦ a capable : married : ' man, •! correct habits,
place where his abilities will be recognised.
Address box , 2379, Call. * , C ¦ ' ' /-'¦
BY young man In ; private family as ; coachman
; or gardener; • has good" references. « Box 2367, :
Call.  -,-,¦-:-¦¦-¦. "¦: ' '".. :.----^-. -.-¦• -¦ ,-¦¦
WANTED— A situation to tend bar by a young
German; responsible ; party; security > given
-, If required. -'Apply 330 Main' St. ; .;. .-..:¦..-. ' y .
I A YOUNG .man (German) wants situation as
' butler; ; references at hand if .: wanted. r 613
Sansome st. ; ;¦ tel. Bush ; 571. -r" ¦ ; ".-... • ",". : -
! COACHMAN ' and gardener wants situation;
j ;. first-class references.- N. ; G.,; box 2356, , Call. :
! CLASSIFIED advertisement.!) and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office, : 2200 Fillmore.
I A BRANCH office for Call ' advertisements and
¦ subscriptions .- has : been '.;' established •at T 1096
|i Valencia st;'".;;-': :'.¦""¦-" -" : : - "* ~ ;-.-'-"-r'^''-- ¦¦'¦¦¦•'¦'/¦
:¦' > ' ¦'.;-, FINANCIAL. ';':,..¦.¦¦' -/¦;; 'i-V'Z
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— W«
have 42 offices in operation; new method, of
placing stocks and bonds; ; companies j incor-
"; porated; stocks.' and bonds underwritten. ; Call
: or address main . office, 507-S-9 ; Parrott ¦ bldg. 'i.f
; COMPANIES :. promoted ;".! and U financed, stock
taken in payment for services: good mining
! : and s industrial •: - propositions '¦'» wanted; ••. gold
; bonds furnished.' PACIFIC STATES MINING
I AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st. ";" • r s -:. ¦•
' ¦ : FLATS *' TCI , \ LET—? UKMSU£U: ;£
FOUR complete furnished ; rooms; bath; porch;
upper flat;- $22; no children. V. 913% Capp st.jV;v;
FLATS "WANTED. - - \
' WANTED— Handsomely . furnished | sunny flat |of
:'. 4 or 5 rooms; only 2 In : family references ; ex-
, changed. ¦•- Address box 2361, Call, Oakland."
FLATS TO LET.
' NEW upper flat, 6 rooms and finished attic:
fine location, view and grounds; NW. cor.
Waller & Portola sts., bet. Pierce & Stein^r.
ELEGANTLY furnished new modern flat, seven
rooms, for sale. Apply 415 Ellis st. ; no deal-
ers.
i A— SUNNY, cozy. 4 rooms, $11. 39 Julian aye.,
bet. 14th and loth, Valencia and Mission sts.
FLAT to let and carpets for sale. Apply 1024
Ellis st.
WALLER, 1708, near Park— Upper flat 3 rooms;
$11; wooden mantels; gas; inclosed porch.
$B— REAR upper flat of 3 sunny rqpms. 27
, Pearl St.. off Market, near Valencia.
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
Clyde L. Keller, 128-130 Hayes, nr. Van Ness—
Xmas novelties; oval and odd-shaped. frames.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 5-room flat, complete; reason-
able. 701 Devisadero st
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS. 634 Ellis st. ; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
D. A F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant aye.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, commercial hotel, $22 50, fare paid;
12 waitresses, city and country hotels, $20 and
$25; 2 restaurant waitresses, $7 week; cham-
bermaid, $20; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20;
laundress, $25.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook. $30; housegirl, Berkeley, $30; cooks and
housegirls, all nationalities, city and coun-
try, best wages; second girl, $20; colored
housegirl, $25; housegirl, • 2 in family, $23,
many others.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 333 Geary st.
CALIFORNIA Hairdressing College— Just
opened; most reliable and thoroughly equipped
college in the West; lady and gentlemen in-
structors; Eastern graduates; hairdressing
and all its branches; expert massage taught;
everything furnished; 3 weeks' course $5. Take
elevator. Supreme Court bldg., 305 Larkin st.
COMPETENT young girl for general house-
work in American family; wages $25; small
twash. Inquire after 9 a. m. 712 Cole St.,
near Waller.
FINISHER wanted on ladies' tailoring. A.
GOODMAN, 111 Turk St.
YOUNG girls to sew on buttons. S. F. MFG.
CO., 523 Market St.
GIRL; cooking and housework; family four;
$20. 1212 Fell at.
"WANTED— GirI for second cook and care of 2
children. Apply this Monday, 216 Van Ness.
WANTED— A strong girl, general work, in
rooming house. 969 Mission, call after 9 a. m.
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats; steady
work; good pay. 533 Natoma st.
WANTED— Young girl for housework; wages
$15. Call 136 Hartford, nr. Castro and 18th.
WANTED— Good tailoress on coats; steady j
work; good pay. 208 Sutter st. |
FANCY ironers wanted. 3372 Mission st.
YOUNG girl, housework and cooking; small I
family; $25 to $30. 2065 Bush st. ¦ !
WANTED— GirI to do housework and plain
cooking at 825 Golden Gate aye.
A GIRL for light housework; small family; j
wages $15. 2330 Filbert st.
MIDDLE-AGED Protestant woman as working |
housekeeper; Swedish preferred. 622 Natoma. |
GIRL for general housework; 4 in family. Call
at 1224 Octavia St., Monday forenoon. !
YOUNG girl for plain cooking; wages $20. Call 1
at 1615 Scott st, corner Sutter. I
A— Hairdressing thoroughly taught in 3 weeks; j
entire course, $5; manicuring, shampooing, |
scalp treatment, singeing, bleaching, dyeing; !
electrical face massage system, includes cup- |
ping, rolling, steaming, etc.; everything fur- j
nished; positions positively guaranteed; 3 good ;
positions now open to those entering immedi- I
ately; graduates earn $75 to $125 a month with !
private customers. S. F. HAIRDRESSING j
COLLEGE. 233 Geary St.. rooms 13-15. j
WANTED— Nurse experienced in hydropathy
and massage; middle-aged lady preferred.
Call at the Burnett, 1426 Market st., be-
tween 12 and 2 Monday; good wages if satis-
faction is given.
WANTED— 2S young women living at heme,
who embroider, to train for teaching em- \
broidery In the Japanese method; training j
free and position assured: teachers paid 50c :
per lesson; can give 4 a day. Box 2316, Call, j
TRAINED nurse will take patient or children :
East for transportation. Address B, P. O. i
box 520, Sacramento.
I 25 LADIES for dance hall in Southern Califor- i
nia. For particulars call at 906 Market st, I
room 17, second floor; hours, 2 to 4:30 p. m. j
RELIABLE party to take flat of 6 furnished !
rooms and board man and wife. Apply 2084 :
Market st. :
WELL- VERSED, good-appearing woman as '
commercial traveler; permanent position, i
Box 2007. Call office.
EXPERIENCED silk and shirt waist hands;
good pay. JUDA BROS., 109 Battery st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and stenographer; j
ref. required. L. SAMTER & SON. 518 Mkt. i
YOUNG woman to keep house; 2 In family; I
good home. Address C. G., box 2359, Call.
WANTED — Binders, makers and hand sewers. (
Busby's Glove Factory, 207-209 Sacramento st.
GIRL for housework at 2731 Laguna st, near !
I Green; wages $15. j
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework '
and care of children. 2628 Twenty-fourth st.
GIRL, light housework; no windows nor wash-
ing. 1676 Post st.
GOOD finisher on custom vests. 622 Clay St.,
room 16A.
A SPLENDID business opportunity for an
energetic woman. Box 2319, Call office.
30 WOMEN for dancing at 906 Market, parlor
17. Call from 10 a. m. till 5 p. m.
EXPERIENCED waitresses; arm work; also i
girls to learn. Apply 725 Market st.
OPERATORS on custom shirts. 48 Ellis st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 j
Valencia st. j
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
"Waiter, Nevada, fare advanced $10
Gardener and milk 2 cows, country $25
Driver for milk wagon $30!
Cook, small country hotel $30!
Man to cook enchiladas and wait $40 j
Cabinetmaker on pipe organs; basketmaker, \
piece work; basalt block makers, piece or
day work; gigger for woolen mill, $9 a week; I
2 six-horse dlow teamsters, $26; machinist |
lathe hand; drillers and laborers, fare re- I
duced, $2 50 and $2 25 a day; four-horse
Fresno scraper teamsters, $2 25 a day.
HARNESSMAKER for country, $2 day; coach-
man, $35; 3 machinists, 30c an hour; cabinet-
maker, $3 day; carpenter for mill, $50 and
board; farmer and wife, $50; laborers for mill
and woods, $50 to $60; driver for milk wagon,
$30 and found; 40 woodchoppers, $1 25 cord,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
RESTAURANT cook for country, $50; cook,
country boarding-house, $40; hotel waiters,
dishwashers, potwashera and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
A. SWANSON. the pantryman— Please call. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Bright boy to run errands; must
be acquainted with city and live with parents.
Call mornings before 9 o'clock, 111 Ellis st
GOOD solicitor on first-class proposition; com-
mission or salary; references required. C. L.
SMITH. 305 Larkin St.
BARBER shop running several chairs; down-
town hotel: half interest is offered on account
of ill-health. STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
BOY to learn trade. WM. BROWN ENGRAV-
ING CO.. 417 Montgomery at.
TAILORING cutter wanted; good references.
Box 1765, Call office.
ERRAND boy wanted. 304 Tehama st.
WANTED— Dishwasher that understands little
cooking. 16 Market St., early.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
AN experienced dry goods salesman; permanent
position. LIPPMAN BROS., 495 Hayes st.
A BOY familiar with typewriter repairing or
machinery. 991 Valencia, r. 16, after 7 p. m.
GOOD union barber wanted; steady work. 479
Ninth st.
BOYS to distribute circulars! K. S. C. Medi-
cal Co., 1236 Market st, rooms 121 and 122.
BUTCHER wanted. Kentucky ' Market, 1518
Kentucky su
HELP WANTED MaA
WANTED— Five hundred (500) men as team-
¦ sters - 4 (2 and 4 horse), • and • pick and shovel
V work, on road and -ditch; wages $40 to $-13
; per month:". and found; no hospital fees; no
discount; »" pay * every t ¦ 10th of month -In
cash; no expenses from Tucson to work: all
¦ persons who work six months will have their
railroad fares ¦ refunded from San Francisco
to .Tucson; new work; no Chinese or Mexi-
cans wanted. . Report to P. S. ROACH, Tuc-
son, "Ariz." |
WANTED— Steady, reliable man with $100 for
.'a plain every day business; will pay $60 to
: $65 a month; experience not required: place
?"'¦ permanent. Apply at 765 Market st., room 3.
WANTED— Man that understands nursery work
and florist's. business. Call 500 Haight st.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 434 Fifth st
GOOD day cook wanted. " 215 Grant aye. - '
BOOTBLACK wanted for barber shop; steady
work. '¦; 1488 Fulton st. -,*' , '" - ' '.
WANTED— Young man, speaking German, gro-
: eery and bar; references. 109 Stockton st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 465 Valencia st
WANTED— Boy to feed job press. Inquire 113»
Market st. . ¦ ...¦¦...'¦-¦
BARBER shop across the bay, 3 chairs steady,
at a bargain. STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
3-CHAIR barber shop and cigar stand; bar-
gain; established 12 years. Sly Castro st.
WANTED— man for qfflce \ work; must
• be good at figures. Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS. '
WANTED— Recruits (for the marine corps, U.
. S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
-inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
" Office, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the ~ Sweepstake Mining Co.,
; near Weaverville, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
1 ¦ work; steady work, good board and best ,
I a wages in State. . San Francisco Construction |
; Co., 26 Montgomery st, room 14, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. 1
EARNEST young man will be given an oppor-
tunity to earn his way through business col-
lege at CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
: 305 Larkin st. vi : i"- i
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
I catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay. St.
I — Laborers and mechanics to . know
5 that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large j
; rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — man of good , address for
floor-walker In dry goods house: state age.
experience and salary expected. Apply box
2393, Call. \ .
WANTED— to learn watchmaking thor-
o ughly; good opportunity for right boy; refer-
ences wanted. . Call 707 Market st. -
WANTED— First-class machinists and iron
molders. ' 505 Mission st.
WANTED— Boy for wholesale business; state
. age. ' Box '2326, Call office. ¦
WANTED— Boy 'to learn grocery • business;
willing to work; $3 week. Box 2308, Call. -
WANTED— j weaver for carpet rugs.
, California Rug Co., 1278 Union st. «
WANTED— Shirt polisher. Oakland Laundry
Co.. 690 Twenty-ninth St.. Oakland, Cal.
"WANTED— First-class basters on coats. . Apply
factory S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
: hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
| WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply at HALE BROS.' bet. 8 and 11 a. m.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c 563 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
I ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
I propositions. A. E. Co., 1413 Call building.
I SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. ¦26 Steuart St.
j PENSION atty., E. A. Bul'.is, r. 40. Phelan
. big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 7oo rooms, 25c night: reading- rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
i I—_1 — _
i CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! ¦received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
j A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been . established at 1036
Valencia st. ' ¦
: ' i^-^^—^p—^— —¦
I • ."j" HORSES AND WAGONS. *-,
MULES for sale; 78 first class; sound; broken
to harness; reasonable. Apply to T. BRUG-
, HELLI. Napa, Cal.
I DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday, November 27, at 11 a. m., at the
! Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN
. J. DOYLE, auctioneer.
: TWO carloads fine team horses just in; gentle
broke and adapted to delivery wagons; excel-
I lent opportunity- to buy reasonable: $60 to $120
the team. JOHN H. ALTON. 1932 Market.
i FINE 5-glass landau and rubber-tire side-bar
j road buggy; been used but short time.
| O'BRIEN'S, Polk st. and Golden Gate aye.
: FOR sale — Team; well matched, suitable
j for delivery wagon; weighing 1050 each. TWO-
j jj MEY, 820 Folsom st. •
j ONE ¦ second-hand : undertaker's wagon, one I-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st. , .
FOR sale— J. E. FINCH at Eclipse Stable.
1375 Eddy st. a fine lot of carriage, road and
; business horses.
i SOME j fine gentle carriage and driving horses
for sale at 721 Howard st.
| BIG horse $25: butcher horse $30; tea buggy $30;
coffee wagon $40; saddle $4. 21, City Hall aye. j
• A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business I
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. aye.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness, i
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st. ;
j AN A No. .1 express wagon, single: also light '
camping wagon for . sale, cheap. 532 Mission. |
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly I
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In ; the
; HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE of 7<• large sunny rooms ; also 2 large
stores. 225 Eighth st. "
' i
LOST AND FOUND.
AT : Bay • State Restaurant. Nov. 23, solitaire j
: diamond ring. Return to 29 Stockton st. ; $25 ;
reward. ' " '-<-:.••
Saturday, black French poodle puppy |
dog (trimmed); liberal reward. 1117 Post st. j
LOST— Fox terrier bitch, . "Beauty." black spot ]
on • back • and ' tail; reward. ; 282% Natoma st. >.
LOST— A diamond fleur-de-lis coming . from. i .
' opera.' $25 " reward ' if returned to MRS.. L.
! KAUFFMAN, 2406 Washington st.
LOST — bull ¦ terrier dog pup. > Please re- !
• turn to 2112 Pacific aver and receive reward, j
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Calif or- j
: nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old j
gold and silver ¦to make new watch cases. -
.' > MATRIMONIAL. —
GENTLEMEN wishing -to marry wealthy !
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs Hertz, 706 Ellis. !
. MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.""
TO order, also cleaned and " sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st; |
, tel. Bush 421. ' •- , ¦ j
;_ . "."•¦¦ _>._-'' _¦ -V .. MEDICAL. --. y¦ ". - ~~~
DR. O'DONNELL— AII who are sick and in !
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
• medicines have been used for many years by i
I thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief in all j
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have '
been relieved 'by my ; medical treatment; free I
confidential advice on all subjects of a dell- '
'¦- cate nature; all 7 classes of female complaints
• : treated; relief ¦to the longest cases. . DR. G' !
j W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market St., opp. Fifth.' |
A— & Mrs. Sweet ia a graduate of the Royal j
University of Berlin: has had 23 years' expe- !
I rience In midwifery cases;. has opened strictly I '
I private sanitarium ¦at her own ¦ residence, 606 j
' Guerrero,. nr. 18th; takes ladies before A dur- |
:.- ing ; confinement f with best of 'motherly care;
$15; room & board, ; $4; infants adopted; every
¦- case ' guaranteed ¦;' to-be * restored ¦to best of
-; health; advice free; phone Blue 411. --.-.-
MRS. •D. WYETH and * MRS. KOHL, reliable !
V ladies' - specialists . for : female ! complaints; in- i
• ! stant : relief guaranteed: 30 years' experience-
1 private home before and : during confinement.
- 410 O'Farrell st., near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.'.
THE original MRS.; DA VIES Is still located at !
, 1228 ; Market; maternity home provided : office
; hours 10 a. m. to 4 p..m. and 6, to 8:30 p. m. ,
HINDOOHERB ¦ and MRS.' DA VIES' original
¦"' method 'of i treatment : .' maternity home ; home
>- in . confinement. ; 1126 Market St.. S. F. :
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles' '
special'- a private home before and during !
- ¦. confinement: . best ; medical : care; low fees. :
DR. and \ MRS. ! GOODWIN." expert specialists,
¦ well known and reliable; 25 years' practice In
t' . S. F. ; X maternity home; ; fee low. 906 Market.
1 DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st, opposite
Union square; ¦ all diseases ¦ cured by ; herb*. \
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALS. 1
, w»— . ¦ ¦
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 135-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand: 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1015, 1021. 1023
Mission st. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers. etc. ; : also good working tools, . such a*
hand saws, wood planers, shapers. stickers,
mortisers, saws. etc. J. B. JARDINE. 220
Fremont st. a ______
LOT pipe bought of U. S. navy yard, cheap:
all sizes from % inch to 10 inch; as good as
new: also a fine lot brj*s .and iron fittings.
H. S. WHITE. 51S Mission st
SCHOONER "VOLANTE," built in 1891. first-
class condition, ready for sea: will carry
, over 2CO tons. H. A. ARNOLD, 220 Mission.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4"7 Montgomery st.
MILLER double row accordion for sale. Apply
1231 Market st. barber shop.
CANARY birds; rcllars and others, cheap;
selling out. LOHMANN'S. 3168 Sixteenth St..
WILL sell for $ICO cash, finest quality seaJp^Jl
cost $225; bust 35. Box 1659, Call of ficagy
EXCHANGE your old carpets for new. D.
GREEN WALT, 7CB Valencia; tel. Church 118».
IST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boil-
ers bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
i NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak:
complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stone«
bought. T. Fershtand, 126 Kearny st, rm. 29.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
CASH . register (Hallwood): brand new; reduc-
tion of $55. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California st.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pta-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand»
and launches, r E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 139 Beale st
i FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; jeweler's steet-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress A Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Box 1205. Call office.
HIGHEST price paid cast-off clothing. Jewelry!
send postal. J. COHN. 223 Montgomery aye. _
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano fat
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD, 1706 Market st>
¦ ¦
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st: tel. Folsom 2522:
MONEY TO LOAN. " \
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner buildlnj.
$4,500,000 at lowest rate* „
Loans made *
.......On first and second mortgage* •
¦ Life interests in estates ..«
Undivided interests In real estate ...4
........'.Property being held in trust .......4
Life policies. Estates In probate
If you need money „
See HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bldg.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
{300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance A securities. Loan*
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchas*
I any of above securities. Tel. Red 6024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 8 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages ..„
Undivided . lnterest in real estate in probate...
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN «
._ 24 Montgomery St., room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
. interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room IS.
Ist floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEM.
ANY amount, lowest rates on mortgages, es- •
tates. legacies, undivided interests, chattel
mtgs., etc. ; enterprises of merit also sought.
D. J. HALLORAN. 206 Keary st, room 314. : .
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1865;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds,
jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office, 9 Grant aye.. nr. Mrkt; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 848 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant its., near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods in warehouse. etc. ;any amount
est rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker A Co.. 28 Montgomery.
' CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 8 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
8% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
6%% ON real estate; mortgaged property ex-
changed for clear. LEVITZKY. 314 Montgorn.
1 Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; n*>
I commis. ; confidential. Whltehead. 1710 Market.
i ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal; *
-J. strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st. ¦?.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each.
$T000: any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without indorser; other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency, IB Phelan big.
THE TOUSLEY Company; \ loans and dis-
counts. 321 Parrott building.
LOANS money on salary; no iildorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. SBi Phelan bldjr.
;•¦ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A CHANCE to save money— are closing out
a line of pianos to make room for new stock.
They are all new and in perfect condition.
2 Smith & Barnes..® $200: regular price, $350.
4 Smith A Barnes.. § $225; regular price. $400.
1 Smith & Barnes.. $240; regular price, $.25.
1 Smith & Barnes..® $250; regular price, $450.
1 Straube "3 $275; regular price, $500.
1 Packard 11 $300; regular price, $554
Fine stool and cover and guarantee with
each Instrument.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
783 Market st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock.
• ¦ both new and second hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER- .
MAN, -CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
• Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
, Co., . sole agents . most famous - and oldest
.American makes; easy payments: big allow-
i ance for second-hand pianos: rents $2 up al-
lowed: bargains, $25 up; Stein ways. $185 sj
Chickerings. $135: 50 others; agents wanted.
. ' 217 Geary st. >
ATTENTION, BARGAIN HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from 553 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $30 up.
• - Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos .from *173 up. BENJ. . CURTAZ It
¦ ¦ SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering, Mason
1 and Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 ; years and full purchase price al-
lowed 'on a new peerless ¦ Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER A CHASE, 30 O'Farrell
St.; established 1850.
A SMALL Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut
case Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak case; Hardmall square, $43; organs $25
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St. IVERS A
.POND and A. B. CAMERON, Agents.
PIANO Dealers— The Wiley B. Allen Co.. -
{% ;.v v —933 Market st.
. Steck, Everett. Hardman, Ludwlg and other '
fine pianos. 'The Chase * Baker' piano player.
A LOT of unredeemed pianos will be sold 'for
storage this week; dirt cheap. WILSON'S
. Storage. 1710 Market st.
PRIVATE party scarifices ¦ account departure
handsome new upright piano; guaranteed.
218 Leavenworth «t .- : ¦
PRIVATE " party * sacrifices account departure
handsome new upright piano. 213 Leavenwth.
$650 UPRIGHT left on sale; price $155. R. 3%__,
217. Geary st. - ; -. .;.:4l'
— . ,—, — . —
PIANO free; party will give use of piano to
Vj party, who will try to sell it. R. 36. 217. Geary.
$125— SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition.
. $75; Erard upright. Hornung. 218 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, . zithers, old and new. . B.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac*.~yw x " s tSSTRUMEVrs— Con.
EOHifER, Byron Mauzy, Lester Hamilton,
Epieta an pianos. SOS Post st.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.
AT KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk 6t. near Market—
Shoninger, Schubert a.id Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT V.ew upright pianos for rent, $3 per
ir.o. . SCOTT-CL'RTAZ Piano Co.. 660 Hayes.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A PHYSICIAN located in one of the best
buiidinps in the city wishes to share his of-
fice with another physician; references ex-
changed. Address box 2374, Call orflce.
TO Let— 2 large stores and a lodging-house of
IS rooms, furnished or unfurnished, at a bar.
pain. Address LOUIS CHARTRAXD. 560
Franklin St.. Oakland.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in pood order- all
yises-: cheap. H. P. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from S3 up ; whitening done
Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d; teL Red 3521.
PALMISTRY. ~~
ROME FOSELLI. 6Ci&DUflc~p^omist~ss
f Taylor et.. bet Geary and Poet; tel. Black 561.
NEERGAARD, president St. Germain- College
roads from 1 to -.. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.'
*\ I'ATLMS AND PENSIONS.
TENSION advice free; general practitioner
GEO. P. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
PERSONALS. ~~ — —
ED^-Tbe greatest living authority on i
ieminine beauty. Dr. N. de Savoysky or Paris '
dermatologist to the Empress of Austria, has :
consented to meet the ladies at La Vente
parlors during his stay in the city; he teaches
how to preserve or acquire health, youth and
beauty; his treatment of deep wrinkles Mr- ]
passes anything done in this country; moles :
all Ekin blemishes and superfluous hair perma- '
nently removed without pain or scars by mod. :
era European methods; consultation * free, 3 '
to 5 p.m. La Verite Parlors. 1140 Market st
crpo6ite Hales.
ARTISTIC •ess ing. £sc, manicuring 23c,
per.ts' manicuring &oc, by experts; best hair
¦work at reasonable prices; baths, most ele-
pant in city, 26c; our specialties, scalp treat-
ment and face massage; Petti Beauty Cream j
.-cc: headquarters for genuine Farina Cologne; j
dainty Russian tea served free to all visitors •
ct ihe BON -TON. 324 Post £t
TO doctors and others— A lady and gentleman,
with some training in nursing and health
matters, are prepared to undertake the man-
agement of a sanitarium or other institution
on very favorable terms. Box 2358. Call, Oakld.
AN dopant line of remnants for suits to order,
Jl5; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of chaise; other suits en install- |
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market i
Ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
A— HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever, i
painless and without scar, with electricity, by i
HISS GRUEER. the cosmetic artist. 5598
Xiif&teenth Ft., cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 1361. j
•jfT. c IXESS Men's Legal Bureau." consulta- !
tion Zree; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed- j
ings parties not Tequirfd to go into court. ¦
Room €11, Examiner bldg.; phone Black 3604.
POSITIVE cure for drunkenness, opium and I
morphine habit; Mooser Co. gold cure; many i
tot-timonials; direction to give secretly; price :
f5. Address orders 1123 Geary st., San Fran. |
CNE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of !
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
f2 50 per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co.. ~:4 Valencia st, S. F. ; teL Church 1571. I
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester !
Hotel, 44 Third Ft., near Market; 700 rooms;
Coc to SI 50 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
tree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and j
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns j
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office. 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods: electric roleau; superflu-
ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mme.Zephey ;
Kia-ora, parlors 330 Butter; phone Black 1322.
EARE and unique presents for the holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store. 118 Geary st, NAT
RAPHAEL; novelties of every description.
ARTISTIC hairdressinc. any style, 25c; sham-
pooing. 50c; manicuring. 25c; wigs; all kinds
of hair goods. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1510-1212 Stockton st, near Broadway.
AT cash prices; ladies' tailor-made suits, coats, ,
*" waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc.; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth St.
GO TO THE GREAT book AUCTION
TO-NrGHT AT 7:30 i
104» Market St., opp. McAllister St. j
VISITORS to Chinatown should not fail to see !
the max: interesting curios at LOOK i
SHUE'S IS Waverly place. ]
FOR adoption: a fine male infant; fair; of good
parents. Apply MRS. DR. GOODWIN. 903
Market Bt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
A— your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G. S.Moore. 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
A— VIDA. Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 736 Valencia st, bet 18th and 19th.
Mr*. BriggE— Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. S6S Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders GOLDSTEIN & C 0..733. .733 Markt.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Silverman, SS4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure; 25c; all druggists. ¦ "¦•¦¦?]
ETOP that "couch"— California Lung Balsam
will do it: all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
fcelr to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
5?0 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
XEUHAt'S & CO., tailors, 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
>OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
J^ bought. J. R. JEXKEL. 817 Market st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 4"7 Minna st
— — - — — — "-™~^~"^—
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021ij Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
.testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, rr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO. herb' doctor; sanitarium,
764-76S Clay st: see testimonials at office.
PLANING AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. '.<'• Fremont st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
V»" ANTED— lmproved property for cash buyers.
DONNELLY & CO., 6"2 Market st.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
$4400— GREAT bargain; 22 lots In heart of
— city bpzutiful marine view; only J2OO per lot
THE PHELPS-LEWIS COMPANY,
235-236 Farrott building.
1 $27 iOO— S25O MONTHLY income: Al 3-story
Slrth st. business block; lot 73x90. N. D.
SICKELS. the Land Agent, 6 Geary st.
I NEW modern house 7 rooms, large basement
and yard; sun all day. Cor. Waller aad Por-
I- S2CO per lot.
THE PHELPS-LEWIS COMPANY.
1 .rrott building.
5250 MONTHLY income: Al 3-story
75x30. N. D.
the Land Agent, 6 Geary Bt.
NFW modern house 7 rooms, large basement
- ard; sun all day. Cor. Waller and Por-
b°t. Pierce and Steiner.
I : -ROOM 2-story house: bath; stable; lot
2?xlO0. 1229 York St.
I EEAL ESTATE — For Sale
I iM'T— 4I~ACRES. near Uklah, Mendocino Cour.-
j "t(v; is acres in cultivation; house, barn, etc.;
; ftinily orchard; on county road and creek.
\ $1600—320 acres, Mendocino County; 50 acres
X farming land, balance wooded pasture; house,
barn and family orchard; well watered.
?4500— i0 acres, near Uklah; 50 acres Rus-
sian River bottom land; £0 acres fine alfalfa;
all fenced; family orchard.
Mendoc!no County stock ranches, all sizes,
prices and locations.
$SOC— acres. Lake County: 40 acres till-
able, balance wooded pasture; house, barn,
etc.; 4 acres orchard; well watered.
C. F. MOORE, 835 Market st, rm. 6. .
; FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The CotaU Co.. 302 California St.. for pam-
phlets and information^
A GIFT or next thir.g to it of Al 880-acre
etcck or general farm in Sonoma County; 25
acres cultivated ; ICO ready for the plow; bear-
Ing orchard: unsurpassed for vineyard; com-
plete set buildings; abundance water and
timber: fencing: only $3000: cost $7000. N. D.
SICKELS-THE LAND AGENT— « Geary et.
M"E have several nice homes in Mission' and
Western Add.; investigate; also lots in Oak-
land- bearing orchard above Sacramento;
stock ranch Mendocino Co. 527 Market, r. 208.
FOR cash rent— Fine fruit and grain farm near
bay. Address A. 8.. box 2398. Call office.
t9tk IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
if?: ado Co.. near R. R. Box 222, Call office.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list C. R. WTNFIELP, Petaluma. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in Air erica— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to cry address in tfct
lioited States or Canada Oue year for $1.
-- ¦*- ii ¦lanital i Mmmm ¦¦~MsTi»Mi~W»mM«»irsrtTsrTtfc-iiTlfisfiiTfMiii
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS: Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure : hi cash, tank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1100— IN the Hlllegaes Tract; a full sized lot,
6!xl60; near Dwight way; street work all
done.
A good Investment; house of 13 rooms; rent-
ed for $50 monthly net; only $5500.
• Fine 9-room house; corner lot; street work
all done; near station. House contains win-
dow shades, combination fixtures and Sun-
shine water heater; price $3300.
• JOSEPH J. MASON,
Adjoining P. P., Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
S. M. DODGE & SOn7~~
160 Broadway, Oakland. ¦¦¦:=¦¦
$3250— Something extra nice in the way of
a modern up-to-date, brand new home in Oak-
land out toward Berkeley; lot 50x125; 7 rooms
and bath. Call and let us show you this.
HOUSES of every description and price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
118 Broadway; telephone Main 10.
OAKLAND FURNISHED I LAT WANTED-
Handsomely furnished sunny fiat of
4 or 5 rooms; only 2 in family; references ex-
changed. Box 2361, Call office, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLEMENTINA. 439^— Sunny bay-window: wood
mantel; bath; every con. light hsekpg. : reas.
EIGHTH, 348, near Furnished front
alcove suite; housekeeping if desired; grate.
ELLIS, 330— 2 small furnished housekeeping
rooms in rear; rent ?10.
ELLIS, 412—2 sunny newly furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping; gas range; run-
ning water: adults; $20. - "
ELLIS. 639, corner — Sunny furnished
bay-window room; mantel; folding bed; use
of kitchen. >>:>¦•-
FIFTH, Three furnished housekeeping, $20;
three, $14; two, $10; also single, $5. •¦-,-.•--<
HYDE, Sunny front parlor suite complete
for housekpg.; also large sunny rm. &• single.
LAGUNA, 1107— Two completely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; spiano, bath and gas;
adults; rent reasonable; lower floor.
LEAVENWORTH, 411— Dec. 1, nicely furnished
2- room parlor floor; housekpg.; sunny; others.
LEAVENWORTH, 517—2 or 3 unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER, 2000, cor. Central aye.— 3 sunny
; rooms furnished for housekeeping: $9.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Untnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c per day and up-
ward; special rates by week or month; take
UcAHister-st. cars from ferry to door.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to 55 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
! BURNETT, 142 C Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
! CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
; furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. -
j ELLIS, 639. corner Larkin— Sunny room, fold-
ing bed also bay-window alcove, with mantel.
ELLIS, 922— Nicely furnished room with private
bath attached.
$1 10 — Large sunny furnished room;
i closet; bath. Call by Bp.m. at 834 Folsom st.
| FOLSOM, 1293. cor. Ninth— sunny corner
bay-winddV. $9; adults; quiet house. - ¦
FRANCISCO HOTEL— suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405, The Navarre — furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
HOTEL ST. PENIS (European plan), '24 Turk
St., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly, furnished; strictly first-class;
i 60c per day and upward; special rates by the ;
week or month; best in the- city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HOTEL FLORENCE, 102 Ellis St.— Sunny out-
; side rooms; single. $2 50; suites, $4 50 per
week; newly renovated; elevator; baths.
i HOWARD. 923% — A sunny furnished room with
! 2 beds for 2 gentlemen or suitable for house-
keeping; gas and bath. '
' HYDE. N.E. cor. Bush— Sunny furnished bay-
window room, dressing rm. ; also single room.
' JONES, 906—2 nicely furnished, , well lighted
j rooms; modern conveniences; breakfast if de-
; sired. • s> . ¦ '
I LARKIN. 408 — Sunny good-sized single room;
private house.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room, $1 per, week; transient.
| MONTGOMERY aye.. 16, top floor— Newly
furnished sunny rooms, central and reason-
j able; near Hall of Justice, i -
• NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
¦ O'FARRELL, — Sunny furnished rooms and
! offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
\ O'FARRELL, 332— Handsomely furnished sunny
parlor floor; references.
O'FARRELL, Neatly furnished front room,
$7.. '
PAGE, , 1818— Two large sunny unfurnished
rooms, near the park; carpeted if desired, i
i ROYAL House, 126 Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 SO; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $20; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
j SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth Bt,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
: STEIXER. 1403, near Ellis— Four newly fur-
! nished rms.; single or suite; call from 10 to 1.
1 STOCKTON, 332— sunny suite and singles,
neat and clean; bath, phone; prices low. j
I EUTTER. 320% (The Stanford)— from $3
to $7; singles. $2 to $5 per week; transient.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 2759— Sunny S furnished
rooms, all front, with or without board.
•. WILL MISS McHENRY of — Broadway please
call to-day at 1403 Steiner? Address lost. :
! CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
i A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptions has been established at 1096
Valencia tt •
ROOMS AND BOARD. *
A SELECT family boarding place, quiet and
refined: appointments first class: desirable lo-
cality; north of Market st. Address Resi-
| dence, box 2352, Call office.
' THE IRVINGDALE, 626 Eddy— reno-
vated: new management; furnished rooms,
with board; excellent table; prices moderate.
i VAN NESS.* 519 — Handsome furnished parlors;
! all conveniences; other sunny., suites; bet>t
table board.
THE CECILERNE. 930 Van Ness aye.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
I HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table: special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palma*. 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single room*.
MCALLISTER. 1400, cor.. Pierce— sunny
suite; other room*; board.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
TO exchange— A scholarship in a leading busi-
ness college for board and room. Address N.
COHN. 1282 Eddy St. .
ROOMS, WANTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished room by a middle-aged
mar.: vicinity of Filbert and/ Broadway; pri-
vate family. Address box 1906. Call office.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM. ,
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market st; treatment free; only
invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected • for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, 60ld, rented, exchange; re-
• pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45, 145 6th.'
¦-¦.-- ... . • ... ¦¦• ¦ «•¦',>
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1901.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st. ;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estimate free. 209 Sansome.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the High Court of Justice in Ireland, Chan-
cery Division. Vice Chancellor— ln the matter
of the Estate of THOMAS CROWLEY, late
of Kilmihill. in the County of Clare, Farmer
and Publican, deceased. THE CORK DIS-
TILLERIES COMPANY, LIMITED, Plain-
tiffs. ARTHUR O'GORMAN LALOR,
BRIDGET SEXTON and MARY CROW-
LEY, Defendants.
TAKE NOTICE that on the 25th day of
June. 1900. the Right Honorable the Vice
Chancellor of Ireland pronounced a decree
for the administration under the court of the
real and personal estate of Thomas Crowley,
the deceased, in the title hereof named; and
take further notice that by an order made in
this matter and cause, and dated the 23d day
of April, 1901, it was ordered that the house
and premises, known as part of the lands of
Kilmihill. held in fee, being portion of the
assets of said Thomas Crowley, deceased, be
sold, and the proceeds of such sale lodged in
court ; and further take notice that by a fur-
ther order made in this matter, and dated the
30th August, 1901. it was ordered that no- '
tice of said decree and order for sale and
proceedings herein be served on Michael
Crowley and Thomas Crowley, by posting to
them letters addressed to their addresses.
San Francisco. California, in the United
States of America, and by advertising thl3
notice in this newspaper; and it was further
ordered that said Michael Crowley and
Thomas Crowley should be bound by all pro-
ceedings herein unless good cause be shown
to the contrary within two months from tho
date of such service and the publication of
this advertisement.
TREVOR McNEILL, Vice Chancellor Court.
Four Courts, Dublin.
HANRAHAN & COMPANY. Solicitors for
Plaintiffs. 19 Westland Row Dublin.
¦ To MICHAEL CROWLEY and THOMAS
CROWLEY, and to all others whom it may
concern.
Dated this 30th day of October, 1901.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH&
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBJT.
JELINSKI— In this city, November 22, 1901, to
the wife of Coleman Jelinski, a daughter.
MARRIED.
ELL— WHITE— In this city. November 12,
19C1, William J. Bell of Bellvale and Annie
White of this city.
DAUDISTEL— ROTH— In this city, November
2n, 1901, by Rev. Dr. Woods, Arthur S. Dau-
dlstel and Louise Roth, both of San Fran-
cisco.
HAESHAGEN-SMITH-In this city, Novem-
ber 24, 1901, by the Rev. M. H. Liebe, Louis
F. H^sshagen and Annie M. Smith.
HOFMAN— GRAY— In this city, November 20
1901, by the Rev. M. H. Liebe, at St. Paul's
Lutheran Church, Jacob Hofman and Isabel
Gray.
LOYD— ANDERSON— In this city, November
23, 1901, by Rev. Dr. Woods, Daniel Wllsor.
Lloyd and Sarah Blanche Anderson, both of
San Francisco.
SITTON— WEBB— In this city, November 20.
J9Ol, by Rev. Dr. Woods, James S. Sitton of
Elsinore. Cal., and Susie Dudley Webb of
San Francisco.
DIED.
Coin, Jennie M. Mahon, William T.
Conlon, Helen W. Mole, Albert A.
Driscoll, Daniel Price, Eustace J.
Fitz Simmons, Mar- Pritchard, James
garet Rivers. Adelia
Gallagher, Agnes Rudolph, Henry C.
Kelly, Mary A. Stephens, Emily
Kilborn, Minerva Teuscher, Gottfried
Kuhlkun. Herman H. Wisner. Mary E.
Laird. Catherine Walsh, Sarah
Logan, Pauline
COIN— In Healdsburg. Cal., November 24, 1901,
Jennie M. Coin, beloved wife of Albert R.
Coin, a native of Mexico, aged 36 years 8
months and 13 days.
(C^Notice of funeral hereafter.
CONLON— In this city, November 22, 1901,
Helen W., beloved mother of Helen D. Con-
lon, a native of New Yorlc City, aeed 57
years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 336 Eddy street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell
street, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
DRISCOLL— In this city, November 23, 1901,
Daniel, beloved husband of Bridget T. Dris-
coll, and father of Rev. F. P. Driscoll, O. P.,
Teresa, Catherine and the late Agnes Dris-
coll, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
(Lawrence, Mass., papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances and members
I of St. Dominic's Sodality of the Holy Name
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
I to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, fron>
his late residence, 2612 Post street, thence to
St. Dominic's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FITZ SIMMONS— In this city, November 23,
1901, Margaret, wife of the late John Fltz
Simmons, and mother of Kate T., Rose A.
and Nellie M. Fitz Simmons, a native of Ire-
land, cged 69 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invit-ed to attend the funeral to-day
I (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 330 Lombard street, thence to St.
Francis Church, Vallejo street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this city, November 24, 1901,
Agnes, dearly beloved wife of Harry Galla-
gher .and loving mother of George A. Gal-
lagher, and sister of William, Mamie, Lizzie,
and Alice Brady, a native of Oakland, Cal.,
aged 19 years 7 months and 23 days. (Oak-
land papers please copy.)
KELLY— In this city, November 24, 1901, Mary
Ann Kelly, beloved wife of John Kelly Jr.,
and mother of Alfred and John Joseph Kelly
and Mrs. H. D. Mitchell and the late Gus
Kelly, a native of New York, aged 70 years.
EX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at » o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 1506 Taylor street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, Vallejo street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KILBORN— In Sausaiito, Cal., November 24,
1901, Minerva Kilborn, beloved daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. William Kilborn, as;ed 8
months and 9 days.
ET'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. Old Sausaiito. . Interment
Sausaiito Cemete»f.
KUHLKUN— In Berkeley, Cal., November 24.
1901, Herman H., dearly beloved son of Man-
gles and Hermenia Kuhlkun, and brother of
Frank J., Charles M. and Frederick W.
Kuhlkun, a native of Berkeley, aged 22 years
5 months and IS days.
LAIRD— In this city, November 23, 1901, Cath-
erine Laird, dearly beloved mother of Mar-
garet, James, Kate. William, John and the
late Jennie Laird. (Philadelphia papers
pleaee copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1805 Larkin street.
LOGAN— In this city, November 24, 1901, Pau-
line Logan, beloved sister of Mrs. M.
son, and aunt of Mrs. A. Frazier arid Mrs.
A. Toombs. a native of Missouri, aged 79
years 8 months and 9 days.
MAHON— In thi3 city, November 24, 1901, Wil-
liam Thomas, dearly beloved son of John
and Ellen Mahon, and brother of the late
John and Johanna Mahon and Mrs. A. L.
Garden, a. native of San Francisco, a«ed 27
years 0 months and 8 days.
MOLE— In this, city, November 22, 1901, Albert
A. Mole, a native of Virginia, aged 36 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third,
Mission Masonic Temnle. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Court Acme No.
£1, F. of A., are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of our late brother, Albert A. Mole,
from the funeral parlors of Bunker & Lunt.
2666 Mission street, x to-morrow (Tuesday): at
2 o'clock. By order S. SULLIVAN, C. R.
W. A. SAMUELS. Fin. Sec.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County.
OFFICE *>Jt; MARKPT STRRET.
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
NEW FIHM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
Mcßrearty. with the same company for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
PRlCE— Entered Into rest November 24, 1901,
Eustace Joseph, baloved son of Thomas H.
and Julia L. -Price, and brother of Herbert
W., Blanche H. and the late Edgar T. Price,
aged Zi years. '
(prFriends are requested to attend the
funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), from St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a requiem hlg-h mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing: at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
PRITCHARD— In Oakland, November 23, 1901.
James, husband of Kate Pritchard. and
father of James Pritchard Jr., a native of
Liverpool, England, aged 67 years 11 months,
and 4 days.
E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, at the Welsh
Pres^iyterian Church, Harrison street, near
Fourteenth, Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
RIVERS— In this city, November 24, 1901, Ade-
lia, dearly beloved wife of George Rivers,
and mother of Eva and Frederick Rivers, a
native of Massachusetts, aged 52 years.
RUDOLPH— In this city, November 22, 1901.
Henry C. Rudolph, beloved husband of Au-
gusta Rudolph, and father of Mrs. Edward
Henderson and Maud, Lizzie, George, Eddie,
Henry and Anita Rudolph, a native of Hesse-
Darmstadt, Germany, aged 49 years 2 months
and 20 days.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) , at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth, where services will
be held under the auspices of San Francisco
Lodge No. 1. O. d. H. S. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
STEPHENS— In this city, November 23, 1901,
Emily, beloved wife of Charles A. Stephens,
daughter of John and Annie Spencer, and
sister of Mrs. Theodore B. Ross, Mrs. H. P.
Fox Mrs. T. W. Dodge, Mrs. Helen H?n-
kins and Frank K. Spencer, a native of dan
Francisco, aged 28 years 6 months and 8
days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1969 Eddy street. Interment private.
TEUSCHER— In this city, November 23, 1901,
Gottfried Teuscher, a native of Berne, Switz-
erland, aged 55 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, under the
ausnices of Oshonee Tribe No. 78. I. O. R.
M.,*at the funeral parlors* of Theodor Dierks,
undertaker 957 Mission street, between Fifth
and Sixth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery
by carriage.
WALSH— In this city. November 24. 1901, at
375 Twenty-flfth street, Sarah Walsh, be-
loved mother of Mrs. W. R. Henry and Liz-
zie Walsh, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 58
years 2 months and 24 days.
WISNER— In Oakland. November 24, 1901,
Mary E., beloved wife of C. V. Wisner. a
native of New York, aged 35 years 10 months
and 7 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from
First Christian Church, West street, between
Eleventh and Twelfth, Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
Weather Report. ,
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 24—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ••¦• 14.82
Red Bluff 0.00 5.30 6.06
Sacramento 0.01 3.69 s.'Js
San Francisco 0.10 4.35 5.70
Fre3no -^ 0.00 1.68 5.10
Independence 0.00 1.09 2.18
San Luis Obispo 0.00 3.04 9.04
Los Angefes 0.00 2.44 6.79
San Diego 0.00 0.75 1.73
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
52; minimum, 54; mean. 58.
THE COAST RECORD.
6TATIONB. I'?b?| -II ft
: . ; : .• . .. : - : a
Astoria 30.10 52 44 NE Clear ; .20
Baker 30.18 44 32 Pt Cldy .00 !
Carson 30.06 54 42 SW Pt.Cldy .02
Eureka .. 42. . ... I
Fresno 30.04 68 44 NW Clear . . .00 j
Flagstaff 30.24 56 24 SW Clear .00 i
Pocatello, Idaho. ..30.24 48 32 W Clear .00 !
Independence 29.94 66 36 SW Clear . .00 j
Los Angeles 29.98 70 48 W Clear '..00 1
Phoenix 23.98 80 44 NW Clear " .W) |
Portland 30.12 52 42 E Clear .03 I
Red Bluff 30.04 64 48 'SE Clear .00 I
Roseburg...; 30.08 54 42 Clear .00 ¦
Sacramento 30.04 66 54 E Clear -.01
Salt Lake 30.20 48 33 F. ¦ Clear : .32 j
San Francisco 30.04 62 54 W Cloudy .10
San Luis 0bi5p0...30.04 72 5" N Clear .00,
San Diego.. 30.00 61. 5u NW Cloudy .00'
Seattle 30.14 54 42 SE Clear .18
Spokane .......30.20,48 -36 S"- Pt Cldy .00
Neahßay 30.08 48 44 SE Pt Cldy .28
Walla Walla 30.16 54 40 N Clear .00
Winnemucca 30.06 52 38 NE Cloudy. .10
Yuma .......... 29.94 82 46 S . Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m., 52 degrees." " " .
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally fair weather prevails over the Pa
cific slope. Light rain fell during the day in
the northwestern portion of Oregon and West
ern Washington. The pressure has risen over
the interior and fallen slightly along the Cali
fornia and Southern Oregon coast.
The temperature has fallen over Northern
Vtah and Wyoming; in other districts the
changes have been slight.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather in
California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight November 23:
Northern California— Fair Monday; light wes
terly wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light west
wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Mondry; light south
erly wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday
light west wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
HOTEL AKBIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
J X Christen, San Jose ft L La Berge, Chicag
J Rope, Santa Rosa |B J Stone, Denver
L D Anderson, Cal iM A Goner, Nebraska
S Young, Pomona S H Budlong, Chicago
L Lynch, San Ramon B Neustadter, Concord
M Young, Nevada H Van Allen Arizona
E H Rix, Alameda W Wahetca, Salinas
G Hackett, Berkeley G Webster, San Miguel
T Kens, Berkeley S Young. Pomona
L Jordan, Cal B S Kich, Marysville
J Harding, Oakland P Kich. Marysville
J C Leonard, Oakland P M Elgin, Grants Pss
J C Higbey. N Orlns M E Jones, Chicago
J J Nash, Chicago I E S Gale. New Jersey
H C Kegsly, Victoria !O Sullivan, San Mateo
J G Peters, Victoria A de Graz, Atwater
C E Taylor, Seattle P Farmer, Sacto
J C Taylor, Seattle G E Stall Nevada
E Tait Victoria N E Wallter, Cal
Mrs Talt, Victoria S E Auzzel, Emeryvil
W L Paddero, Victoria S A Houser, St Louis
F S Neal, Wash J McCormick; Redwood
Mrs S Neal. Wash A P Grove Redwood
M W Gifford Wash S A Malt, Redwood
L M Chllders, S Barb
GRAND HOTEL.
H W Straw, Montague: A L Nichols, Chlco
Dr E E Straw, Or G C Wilkins, Rd Bluff
F C Walker.- Tacoma G E Ward. Seattle
G Kimball & w. Mass H M Hughes & w Ida
Mrs J Osterhout. Mass W H Joseph & w' 111
J L Robinson. Berkely'N Berlin, Stockton
C Elliott, Cal F J McGlinchey. Mo
E Bentley, lowa L G Cornell, B C
W H Linsdale, S RosajJ Davis & w Denver
T Cunningham. S Rosalß T Conn & w, Sacto
G P Kenyon, Cal A B Hotchkiss & w.NY
J Ward, Salinas W H Lumsden S Rosa
C H Vercellus, Seattle C A Warfleld, Merced
J S McClure, Seattle W C Stone, Sn Mateo
S O Schultz, Victoria F W Elliott, Seattle
W T Corey. Seattle P S Tracey Placervill
Miss Bllck, Seattle D G Carr, Placervllle
C D Newton & w, B C G B McMullen & w
Mrs Small, Belmont Alaska
Miss L Harris, Belmnt T C Asmus, Sn Miguel
J Herrera, Guatemala Mrs J J Kelly. Salinas
J M Rubio. Guatemala Miss Kelly. Salinas
W Chisholm Halifax Miss Cayer, Salinas
T H Ramsey, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
L Pelton, Chicago A Fleishman, Ls Ang
C M Hollenback, Oak W B Bonnell & w O
E D Jenks, Providence D H Martyr St Louis
C O Walte, Oakland C H Usborne, B C
A B Stetson. Milwauk J M Campbell & w.Neb
J Da-vis & w, Denver W M MacLymont & w,
R C Hays, Alameda Fresno
W L Locke, London J Underwood, Chicago
R T Crane Jr. Chicago W Wood. New York
W I Schloss & w, N V Miss J E Wood, N V
A G McKenney, Can E C Hopper. Kentucky
E D Baker & w Yreka Miss M Seligman, N V
Mrs M A French, Yrek C B Dewees, Ls Any
W Woodman. Mass A G Cavanagh. U S N
J A Brent. Cal J "A Hand, U S N
J F Bonbrlght. Phila A W Simpson Jr, Cal
S W Zelmer, N V W Prescott & w Ohio
A J Collins, lowa Miss Sears, Cleveland
G B Orr, Kansas City
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Cardano, Portland |G J Smyth. Seattle
P Ferretti, Portland W E Duncanson, S Jse
Mrs E Bass, Nevada J E Mack, San Jose
A P Smith. Oregon M F Mitchell, L Ang
W P McMullen, Omaha T W Fresh, P Costa
J S Eckfeldt, Redding H B Mason, Buffalo .
F J Davis, Redding G E Gates, w & dau,
E E Church, Rio Vista Glennell. lowa
J Nye & w, Palo Alto;L Holt. Cleveland
J Wilson, Sacto IC J Donaldson, Boston
Meet Death on a Handcar.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 24.— Word has
just been received here of a frightful ac
cident that occurred near Osage City,
Wyo., last Friday night. The Osage City
section gang were returning from New
castle on their handcar when they were
struck by a freight train. Charles Ander
son and Carl Lentz were killed, their bod
ies being horribly mangled, and Foreman
Smith seriously injured.
PAN-AMERICAN
RAILWAY SCHEME
Ex-Senator Davis Says
the Project Is Not
Visionary.
Believes That the Funds for
Construction Can Be
Easily Raised.
MEXICO CITY, Nov 24.— The report of
ex-Senator Henry C. Davis to the Pan-
American railway committee of the In
ternational American Conference will be
submitted to the session of the conference
on Wednesday next. Davis suggested
that a sub-committee be appointed to"
study his report, but hi 9 colleagues would
not hear of anything of the sort, and
adopted his report unanimously. Davis
says In his report that there is nothing
impracticable nor visionary in ' the con
struction of the road or the flotation of
the necessary stock. He remarks that
each of such systems as the Pennsylva
nia, the New York Central, the Atchison,
the Northern Pacific, the Union Paoific,
the Southern Pacific, the Southern Rail
way and others has a greater mileage
than is how necessary to assure the reai.
zation of the inter-continental railroad,
while the bonds and shares outstanding
of each of such systems are in excess of
Ihe sum estimated as necesary for the
construction of the railroad in question.
The Russian Government has just com
pleted, says the Senator, a railroad
through Siberia at a ccst considerably in
excess of the amount estimated as neces
sary for the completion of an American
inter-contlnental railroad, and in doing so
has overcome greater natural difficulties
than are to be looked for in the construc
tion of the latter.
Davis estimates the mileage of the in
ter-continental railroad to be constructed
at 5000 miles in order to link existing sys
tems, and calculates the cost at $200,000,
00, or at the rate of $40,000 per mile.
The report terminates with the follow
ing recommendations:
First— That a railroad connecting all or the
greater pa/t of the nations represented in the
conference will contribute powerfully to the
development of the material relations and in
terests of the said nations.
Second— That the said railroad ought, as far
as common Interests permit, to connect the
principal cities situated along its route.
Third— That If the direction of the railroad
cannot be changed for the object stated in the
foregoing article without great inconvenience
branches should be built to connect the chief
cities with the main line.
Fourth— That in order to lessen the cost of
work existing railroads be utilized as far as
possible and as far as compatible with the
location and purposes of the inter-continental
raih-oad.
Fifth— That all the material necessary for
the construction and operation of the railroad
be declared free from import duties, while
taking suitable measures to prevent abuses.
Sixth— That property, real and movable, of
the railroad employed in construction and
operation of the road be exempted from all
national, provincial, State and municipal tax
ation.
Seventh— That the realization of a work of
such magnitude deserves to be encouraged by
means of subventions, land grants or guaran
tees oi- minimum rate of interest.
Eighth— That the railroad be declared forever
r.eutral in order to assure freedom of traffic.
Ninth— That the delegates to the conference
recommend with all possible earnestness to
their several Governments the granting of lib
eral concessions to the enterprise, in such form
as may appear most suitable to each Govern
ment.
The suggestion is made that the United
States send a competent person to all of
the republics of Amer'ca to study the re
sources of the several countries, the loca
tion and status of existing railroads, pros
pective traffic for the railroad when built
and the concessions each Government
i would be disposed to grant. It is also
suggested the committee become per
manent.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Margaret McWatt (Drummond) (a widow)
to John and Margaret McWatt, lot on NE cor
ner of Clement street and Thirty-second ave
nue E 32:6 by N 100; also lot on E line of
Thirtieth avenue, 173 N of A street. E 84:10,
N 912 W 50:6%, W 79, S 50:3, lots 127 and 12$;
gift.
John and Regina Stumpf to John Stumpf
Company (corporation), lot on S corner of M
I street South and Fourteenth avenue South, SE
75 by SW 100. lot 8, block 259. South San Fran
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association; $10.
! Jake and Jennie Rosenberg to Oscar Heyman,
| lot on NE corner of Felton and Amherst
streets, N 100 by E 120. lot 5, block 82, Univer
sity Mound Survey; $10.
Mary Cooney (widow) to Marie Morejau
(widow) lot on S line of Sixth avenue, 100 W
of L street, W 25 by S 100, lot 131. block 122,
Central Park Homestead Association; $10.
Margaret McMahon (widow) to William
Larld. lot 8, block 5, Sunny Vale Homestead
Association; $10.
Estate of John H. Dall (by Elbridsre Dur
brow, executor) to Charles E. Wilson, lot on S
line of McAllister street, 275 E of Broderick,
E 12:6 by S 137:6; $75.
Lucius L. and Helen F. Solomons to Phoebe
C. Funge (wife of William W.). lot on E line
of Tremor t avenue, 446 S of Frederick, S 25
by E 80; $10.
George S. and Maggie A. Graham to John
W. Guscetti, lot on S line of Carl street, 52:6
W of Stanyan. W 25 by S 1P0: $10.
Amy Crocker Gourand (Ashe), wife of Jack
son, to Dennis J. Sullivan, lot on S line of
Fourteenth street, 135 W of Valencia, W 25 by
S 130; ?]O.
Frank G. Norman to Joseph Zeller, lot on N
line of Nineteenth street, 150 E of Sanchez, E
50 by N 11«; $16.
Willard M. and Anna R. Sheldon to George
F. Smith, lot on E line of Bartlett street,
160 -f'V- S of Twenty-third, S 25 by E 125; $10.
Otto F. and Mathilda yon Rhein to Cyrus S.
Wright lot on S line of Sutter street, 155 E
of Stockton. -E 25 by R 120; $10.
John Grant in Cora J. ""Flood, fractional 50
vara lot 924, quitclaim deed; $10.
G. F. and Annie Knopf to Carl M. and Bes
sie Lee lot on SW line of Montgomery avenue,
103 9'/. SE of Beach street. SE 25. SW 130 de
grees'W 39, thence 54) degrees NE 90; $10.
D Van Nes to A. W. Wilson, lot on N line
of Turk street, 69:6 W of Hyde, W 6S by N 68,
$15,500.
Hibernia Savlnes and Loan Society to Ar
thur Rodeers, lot on NW line of Mission street,
45:10 SW of Spear. SW 91:8 by NW 137:6; $4S,-
GOO
Marp&ret English to Annie Montgomery, lot
on N line of Mfhna street, 50 E of Fourth, E
25 by N 70: $10.
Isaa" N. Thorne to Henry M. Tice, all inter
est in lots 20 and 25, Potrero Nuevo— N by El
Dorado street. E by Bryant. S by Sixteenth
and Wby Alabama (as recorded); $5. .
Henry M. and Mary E. Tice to Jochim Sass.
lot on NW corner of Bryant (Bryant avenue)
and Sixteenth (Center) streets, N 25 by W 80;
S'soo
George F. Nevins to Jessie B. Nevins. lot 4,
block V portion Park Lane Tract No. 2; gift.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Pat
rick and Marraret Ryan, lot n» W line of
Castro street. 28:6 S of States. S 25 by W 100.
block 15, Flint Tract Homestead Association;
Marie Lajus to Anna Bourda, lot 90. map
Ben Franklin Homestead Association: $10.
Frederick En*el to Carrie R. Keil, lot on
NW line of Caselli avenue, 68 degrees 55 min
utes W £0 from Danvers (Rose) street. S 59
degrees 12 minutes W 25, N 43 degrees 40 min
utes W 111:6%. N 49 degrees 51 minutes E SC,
S 43 degrees 30 minutes E 116, portion block 3,
Market-street Homestead Association; $800.
John MeDonoueh to Mary E. McDonough. lot
on N line of Eighteenth avenue o0 E of S
street E 50 by N 200. block 343 ON. and H.
Tract: also lot on S corner of Fifteenth ave
nue (Teneriffe) and O street (Tombigbee), SE
50 by SW 92:6. block 305. same; gift
Moses and Martha A. Kills to William J. and
Lucy Trimble, let on W line of "Polk street,
142 N of Unlcn. N 25 by <W 100:. $10.
Mary E.. Arthur J.. Alice B. and Dora Dew
intr to' I Willard Beam, lot on S Hne of Fell
street 30 W of Steiner. S sr. by W 25; $15.
Susie A. Galvin (wife of J. J.) to Bridget
M McCarthy (widow), undivided one-eighth
Interest in lot on S l ! ne of Sutter street, 87:6
E of Scott. E 25 by S ;37:fi; $10
German Savings and Loan Society to Mary
F Tobener. Sophia Langan (wife of P. T.) and
Henry F Df»hn, lot on S line of Golden Gate
avenue, 150 E of Scott street, E 25 by S 137:6;
Estate Jacob C. Johnson (by Anna E. John
son expeutrix) .to Mary Flanigan, Int on W
line of Brnder'ck street.. 52:8% N of Washing
ton N 25 by W 87:6; $3750.
George and Anna L. WhHtel] to Emilia An
drade de Bresse. lot on SW corner of Baker
and Francisco streets, S 137:6 by W 137:6: $20.
Claus and Wilhelmine R. Mangels to Rebecca
Van Bergen lot on E line of Cole street. 308 :a
S of Waller, S 25 by E 125; $10.
Mary A and .Tames J. Smith to John C.
Smith lot on SW corner of Waller and Cole
streets, S 25 by W S4:4H: $10.
Louis Arzner to Janet Arzner, lot on N line
of Twenty-flpcond street, 230 W of Noe, W 25
by N 114; gift.
Builder's Contract.
Henry Kahn (owner) with Mallory & Swen
son (contractors), architects William Mooser
g. Son— Carpenter and mill work, hardware and
stairs for a flve-storr and basement brick
building on S line of Sutter street 206:3 W of
Taylor. W 45:10 by S 137:6; $13,340.
p% w2s,,vv, ;;  123 vbgk cmfw vbgkqjJSJo
BERLIN BOERSE
SHOWS STRENGTH
Considerable Activity Is
Shown in Iron and
Bank Shares.
Business in the London Stock
Exchange Remains Al
most Lifeless.
BERLIN, Nov. 24.^The improvement on
the Boerse continues, all the departments
showing gains for the past week. The j
fact is again in evidence that many short I
engagements existed, causing a strong
movement to cover, as a result of which
valuations rose. Last week's trading
strengthens the Impression that the mar- j
ket is gradually regaining confidence. In |
financial circles great importance was at- ;
tached to the statement of President |
Koch of the Imperial Bank of Germany j
to the effect that there was reason to be
lieve the worst was now over. The recent j
financial crisis has been worse in Saxony,
and there especially a strong feeling of
confidence prevails.
Another, iactor favo«able to the week s
Improvement was the reduction in the
price of coke, amounting to 2 marks a
ton for furnaces and to 4^ marks a ton I
for foundry quality. This reduction in
coke created a considerable demand for
iron shares, which were the strongest fea
ture of the week's trading. Iron shares
rose more than 10 points during the week,
and after a long period of neglect machin
ery securities aiso rose.
It ls significant that the Lorraine and
Luxberg furnaces suffered reduction in
the price of coke with a further restric
tion of their output 50 per cent.
Bank stocks were the second strongest
feature during the week and were ani
mated on the prospect of improving busi
ness on the Boerse. This caused much
short covering.
Another feature was the resumption of
purchases in the iron and coal shares for
foreign account and the prospect of
American coal being imported into Ger-'
many were discussed from various points
of view. A wholesale coal dealer, Herr
Schulz, who has just returned from the
United States, where he ordered 140,000
tons of anthracite coal, says that no dan
ger threatens Germany from American
coal. The Frankfurter Zeitung does not
agree with Herr Schulz and says that
Germany must sooner or later expect a
strong competition from American coal as
well as from American iron products. This
paper advises the coal and iron men of
Germany to get together in time to meet
this expected competition.
The general introduction of the Govern
ment's report, explaining the new tariff
bill, has appeared. It is assailed by the
Liberal press with arguments pronounc
ing it weak and contradictory. The Ber
liner Tageblatt says this introduction
shows the lack of business reasons for
the increase of duties introduced by the
bill and that the Government has been
merely moved }n this action by its desire
to please the Agrarians.
LONDON, Nov. 24.— Business on the
Stock Exchange has been so nearly dead
during the last week that the develop
ments are hardly worth recording. Money
has been alternately scarce and plentiful,
owing to the fitful Government disburse
ments and to large payments on account
of various colonial loans. The Bank of
England has managed to impound most
of the available gold. The open market
rate of discount closed firmer, but still
below the bank rate. American securities
alone displayed a suggestion of activity
on the Exchange.
A general feeling of apprehension for
the future prevented real business and
quotations are largely nominal. Home
rails declined a shade in spite of the im
proved traffic reports. Mines were stag
nant.
First Ship Built in Chile.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Nov. 24.— The
launch of the first iron steamer construct
ed In Chile occurred at Valparaiso to-day
and was a great success. The ceremony
was attended by the President, the Fed
eral authorities and a large assemblage
of people. The entire ship, from keel to
truck, was constructed In this country.
RAILWAY TRAVEL. *
CALIFORNIA NDRIWESTEBH li. Cl
mussing ,-;'
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH FAdflfc
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. F—t. «f fibarfea* A
San Francisco to can Rafasi.
WEEK DAYS— -9:00, 11:00 a. in.; 12:33.
3:30,' 5:10. 6:30 *p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:s#
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »;30, 11:00 a. m. 1:10, 3:3 d,
. 5:00, 6:20 p. m.
' San Rafas! to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
I 3:40, 5:13 a.m. Saturdays— .Extra trips at 1:50 f
and 6:35 p. m. *
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; l:». 3:«,
; 6:05. 6:25 p. m. -:'-.-
Leave I In Effect I - Arrive
San Francisco. [April 28, 1901. 1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days, I days. f Destination. | days. I Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 aid
8:30 pm[ 9:30 ami Petaluma, 6:05 pm, 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
' ¦ Fulton. ; |
7:30 am , Windsor. ' 10 23 am
6:oo'pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am .
•' •. -• ' Lytton.
, Geyservifle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland, 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am and Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pro
7:30 ami .1 5 10:40 am 19:25 am
-•- ' I 8:00 ami Guerneville. 7:35 pml .--
. 1:30 pm| 5:00 pml . [ 6:20 pm
! 7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
- ¦ '¦' I ' and r
6:10 pm 5:00 pm. Glen Ellen, I 6:05 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am, 1 8:00 ami ¦ • 110:40 am! 10:25 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pmf Sebasiopcl. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and .White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altniria: at Lyttoa for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skasrgs Springs; at CloverdaU
for the Geysers; at - Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Sprints, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett I
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga 1
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknell's, '
Sanhedrin . Heights, Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brags, West- !
port, ITsal. Willits, Laytonville. Cummins. :
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia ;
and Eureka. ' . •-.: •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. " • - . ¦¦¦
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond ¦ San Rafael at half rates. ,
Ticket office, 650 ' Market street. Chronlcl*
building. •
H. C. WHITING, . R. X. RYAN. .
Gen. Manager. "- , Gen. Pass Act. :
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
- Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'dl Local •
Dally Daily Daily Dally
• Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8: 00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:IS p
>" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 i>
Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 8:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a ........
" Visalia.... 8:39 v 5:00 a
" Bakersfld. 8:13 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan City ........ 2:40 a 7:30 a
/'Chicag0.......".. ?:15p 9:00 p
.fa for morning, ; i> for afternoon.
9:00 a- m. train is the California Lim-
ited, ' carrying ; Palace X Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs :to ; Bakersfleld ' for accommodation < of .
lecal nrst-ciass passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train - arrives at 7:05 a. m.
daily. . ¦¦¦¦•¦•, > ¦ -- . ;
4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno I
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
•p.; m. daily. , - J M4»'«ll'"lW* l l
8:00 p. m. is the . Overland Express, - with
through * Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also j
Palace Sleeper, = which - cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding , train - arrives at ¦ 6:00 p. m.
daily.
': r, 7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping j
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor- <
responding train arrive* at 8:40 a. m. dally. -
. Of flees— : Market street and In Ferry
Depot,' San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
1 land. ¦*.'-•¦¦: -•- ¦:,¦:¦"{>:¦ : . ¦ ..V
AUCTION SALES
fe £a\
THE GREATEST
DISPERSAL SALE
OF ¦
THOROUGHBRED
BROOD MARES
Ever Held In California Will Take Place .
TUESDAY EVENING, Nov. 26, 1901,
Commencing at 8 o'clock,
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD ST V
This consignment consists of all the thorough-
breds owned by J. Naglee Burk, Esq.. and are
without doubt the best bred ever offered at ¦
auction on this coast. They are all stinted to
the great Crescendo and Brlcso and are th«
dams of such famous winners as Impromptu,
. Gusto, Crescendo, Bravura, Last Chance. Ven-
dome, Con Moto, Molly Bawn, Dura. Dolente.
I Lento, Intrada. Libitum, etc, so there is a
rare opportunity to get the very best that
money could buy. Among them are famous
daughters of Flambeau. Wildldle. Flood. John
Happy, Three Cheers, Argyle. Hidalgo, St. Sa-
viour. Racine. Imp. Foul Shot. Tomahawk.
MacGregor, Joe Daniels, Fetterlock. Imp.
Kyrle Daly. Duke of Norfolk, etc. I will also
sell the royally bred stallions and stake win-
ner -Brioso ¦ and Drum Major. Every animal
must be sold. Positively no reserve.
WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
Stock on exhibition Sunday. .
DRUG STORE FOB SALE
AT AUCTION.
At 353 TWELFTH ST., NEAR WEBSTER, ¦
TO-MORROW, Nov. 26, 1901, at 11 a. m.
I; Fixtures. Spanish ' cedar, cost over $2000; 500 .
shelf bottles, cost from 23c to $1 a piece; show
bottles, clocks, scales and chemicals, valued
at 5200. Can be bought cheap at auction. By
the auctioneer. ROSENBERG, Oakland, Cal.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
£s> at £^
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.
WEDNESDAY. Nov. 27, at 11 a. m.
By order of Mayor Phelan.
I will sell a lot of city horses. Also 30 head
of all purpose mares.
- JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
, RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains IOHTf null >»r« Jn» *• nrrlt • j»«
MAM fit* *«!«««».
¦ (Main Line. Foot of .Market Street.)
j tKATX — From November 4. 1901. — auri?»
7:OO& Benicia, Snisua, Klir.ir* and Sacra-
mento. 9:&&9
7:<M»a Vacaville, Winter*. Rumsoy 7:35?
7i3tf a Martinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo. Sapa,
CaliaUiga and .Santa 1t05a......... C:B9p
8:OOa Davis, Woodland. Knignta Landing,
laryuvllle. Orotille ; 7:»-"»»
8>O»« Atlantic Kxpress— and East 8:33*
»:»»a Nile*. Lathrop, 5t0ckt0n....... I:%**
S:OOANI!es. ilendota, Hanford. Visalia,
PorterriUe.. 4:5»»
SsSttA Shasta Express— Davis. Williams (tot .
Bartlett Spring*?. Willows, Ksd
Bluff, Portland. 7x»»»
¦iSOa San Jcse, Li»ennore, Stockton,
lone, .Sacramento, Placerville,
MHr»n»ille, Chief), Red Bluff 4:8."»»
1:30* Oakdale, Chinese, Sonora. Carter*... 4:23»
0:OOa H.iywinl, Nllts and Way Stations.. » !:.•»:»*
9:«Oa VsJlejo , ....i l:*:3a-»
B>OOa Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop. .Stock ton, Merced
Fresno anil Los Angeles 7:3nj> -
•:>«* ValMo, Martinez ami Way Stations 7:33*
IO:V»A The Overland JJmiUtd— Ozden, You-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago »i»»»
fl:O0F Sacramento KWer Steamer* fll:ft<>?
»:3f»p Haywßrd. Kit's and Way Stations.. 7:331
" 4iVOr llenicin. Winters, ' Baeramento.
Woodland, KnlgliU Landing,
M«rr»Tillr. OroTllle ¦ •=*»*
4ioor Martinez, Situ Ramon. Vallejo,
Nairn. Cullfitoxa. Hants Itasa »'«»»
4>OOr Nile*. LiTermors, Stockton, L<xH... l»=a»»
4 :il«p Harvard, Ni!e», Han .lose, LlTfrmore t!*--f»ft*
4:3»7 Port Cos*. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 1 «:23a .
3:Ml>pTlm Owl Limited— ifresno, Tulare,
Baker3fie)<t. Saugtm {or Santa Bar-
bara, Los Angeles B>33a
StOOr Martin, Antioch, Stockton, Met-
ced, Fresno ia»S3»
8:30? New Orleans Erpre»s — Mendota,
Fresno, Baker3fie:d. Los Angeles,
D?niicg, El P«so, New Orleans
and East «:33a
O:OOr Hayward, Niles and San Jose 7:.M«
! fO:OOp V»lle]i« 11:334
• iOOr Oriental Mail-Ogaen, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Oliicigo Bi23a
• :oOp Oriental Mail— OgdeD, Donrer,
St. Louis. Chicago. «:*»»
7>OOr Oregon and California ICxi>r««n, Mao-
riinißiitii. MarjsTllle. RfHMtn«,
I'ortlnmi. I'ngnt rfoiu.il anil Kast 8:35*
li«sr San Pablo. F»rt Con la, Martinez '
and Way Station*....;. ....." 11:»»»
t»iO-1r Vain 7;.V»>
COAST LJNE (Narrow Uange).
j ¦ (Foot of Market Street.) _
j »:I.'»A Newark. Umitortllle, Kan .lose. Kcltoit,
ItonUler Creeh.^auta Oruz Way
Stations ».»••
(•ilSr Newark, C'eiiterTllle. San .lorn*, Nnir
ll—liw. liVltoii, llmililer Creek,
Santa Cruz ami I'riuciual Way
-', Stations ••:.•»•*
4il.*VrN«irarir, Kan Jose. I*«G«to8 f*"-***
o9.3i>p Hunters' Train— San Jcie and Way
I i Stations ¦•- i7.aw«>
[ OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
,' Proa SIS FRaSCISCu— of Market Street (SH? 8)—
t7:15 9:00 ll:eo*.». 103 3:00 5:15r.*.
r«ra»lsl.».lD— f««l «')iro»dr,j.— -tii:(iO *H:00 18:0«
l'J:00».M. 12:03 2.03 i:C3r.n. ;
'-;?.< COAST LiINB (Br»3.i <;rnis«).
(Third ..rid To'.vnaei.il »
B:I»»A San Jose and Way .stations. «::t»»
7:MWA Man Jos« ami Way .St tU..MH V."*
/7:««A Now Alma«l»-i». /•*:»«»
»i«JOa Han .lime. Tres I'iuott. S .nta <rw.,
Tacific «*ri)»e, fal!n°.». Sail l.uij
Obispo, Strata Barbara »ml Prin- ¦ _
cipal intermediate Stations 7s4*»
1«::iOa San Jcse and Way Stations. •»:!«»
I l::r»A .lan .low; ami Way Stations .V.:t<>?
|»ll»» San Jhiteo. Kedwooil, Menlo Part,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han J.me,
• ' TresPinos, Santa Urine,'- Salinas.
Hlonterey ium< l':icilic GroTe t** I **-'*
S:X«r Man .lose ami Way Station* 6:30%
ft: I Si- San Jiweaii.t Principal Way SUtlotis *»-»* A
t3:oOr San Joae. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations ?. :- t»:««J»
S::5O[" Ran .loan ami Principal Way Stations J»:3«A
61OOP Redwood, San .Tom*. Gilroy. Saliuaa,
Santa Barbara. Lorn AEgeles 1O:O-<a
San .Jo.iean.l Way Stations t :«»»A
q11:4.. ¦ San Jose ami Way .Stations *-.:X»9
A for Morning. ¦ 1* for Afternoon,
t Sunday executed. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only. , / Tuesdays and Fridays^
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAa
' Via Sausollt* F+rri-
Commencing septfcmoer -j, 1901.
FROM SAN FKA-NCISt-tJ TQ^Mrr.T. VALLEX
\ ' AND SAN KAJPAeL
I WEEK DAYS— 6:SS. 8:30. •3:30. 11:00 a. m..
•V 45 3:13, 4:15. 5:15, •*:15, 8:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:3" and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •10: CO. •11:30 a. m., 1:li>
S-13 »4:45 6:30, 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:27. 7:45, 8:33, 10:15
« m »12:25. 2:15, •3:53, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday* •
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— <J:IS. "3:00, *10:00, «11:45 a. m_
•1-40 *3:15 4:45. '6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45. 7:55, 8:55, 10:30 a. m..- ,—
12:35, 2:45, 3:50. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
i Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. ,
SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15. J:3«.
I 6:00. 6.45 P. m. ¦
' THROUGH TRAINS.
5:55 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holidays boats and trains will run oa
Sunday time.
iIOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
j' - Leave Via Sausaiito Ferry j Arrive
! San Fran. Foot of Market St. | San Fran. _
I 1:15 P. *•>* W "* "^ "*¦ 5:55 P.
. '¦ : - Fire, Ban ynaebro to Stunmlt and Rotnm. ft 90.
tSokatOOcM, liil MA&K2T SIBXZX ami SAU&IXIta nSBX.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABSYST. Established
in 153 I for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The DoctorcoreswUen
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
«:tnr**su»rsnil«*«l. Call or writ*
Dr. J. V. «IB3OA'. H*a francisco. Cal. _
910
WI TTMAN ORDERS
GAMING STOPPED
New Police Chief De
clares Himself on the
Question.
Instructs All Company Com
manders to Enforce
, the Law.
Chief of Police Wittman does not in
tend to pel lit gambling In any form m
this city. an.:l has ordered the men under
his corr.msr.u bo keep a sharp lookout for
illegal games. During the illness of bis
predecessor a few games were started is
experiments, but as fast as the places
where they -were conducted were located
: hey irere promptly closed.
In order that there might be no misun
derstanding about his position in the mat
ter. Chief of Police Witiman has issued
the following: general ord^r, which was
read yesterday to each watch:
Office of the Chief of Polie*.
November 24, 1901.
Company commanders: Information comes to
this office that an attempt to establish gaui
bMnK frames that are In violation of the law
¦sviil be made in the different sections of this
. nd I would impress upon you the fact
that I will hold each and every one in the
"Vpartinent responsible if a successful carry
t is made in this scheme.
You ¦will instruct the sergeants in section and
ihe patrolman on liss beat to be particularly at
• to this order and report immediately
any circumstance that would cause suspicion of
r<n attempt to on^n up or run any illegal gam-
Ming game, and at once use the most 6tringent
measure? possible to suppress said gambling.
Company commanders and lieutenants in
charge of dtvtetooi will be held equally re
ble with the sergeants and patrolmen in
the enforjCßMOt of this order.
x his order is imperative and must be obeyed.
GEORGE. TV. TVITTMAN, Chief of Police.
In anticipation of an easy time at the
hands of the new Chief of Police, before
the appointment had been made and his
policy could be announced, several places
had been fitted up for gambling purposes.
Games were run for a night or two, but
the majority have packed away their lay
outs and prepared to go into some other
and more legitimate line of business.
"-WO MEN FOUND DEAD
IN LODGING-HOUSES
Cne Supposed to Be Walter W. More
head and the Other 6. B.
Robinson.
Walter W. Morehead, about 40 years of
age. was found dead in his bed at the
Elcho lodging-house, 863^ Market street,
yesterday morning by .he bedmaker. Dep
uty Coroner Brown removed the body to
the Morgue. The man had been dead two
or three days. On a table was found a
beer bottle, half-filled, and on the floor a
paper, which is supposed to have con
tained some drug. It is believed that
Morehead committed suicide, and the beer
and stomach will be sent to the city
chemist for analysis.
Morehead engaged the room last
Wednesday from Gus Emme, the clerk,
paying 'a week in advance. In his pockei.
was found a card showing he was coast
solicitor for a baby nammock. On the
card was the address S?9 Howard street.
Deputy Brown went there and ascer
tained that Morehead had not lived there
for four months past, but had since calle : .
to sell cheap perfumery to the girl room
ers.
Yesterday afternoon a man was found
dead in his room at Mrs. Matilda Bhrm's
lodging-house, 504 Howard street. He en
gaged a room Friday night and another
room Saturday night. It is not known
whether it is a case of suicide or not. In
the man's pocket was found a newspaper
receipt in the name of "G. B. Robinson."
He was a.bout 50 years of age, five feet ten
inches tall, weighed ISC pounds, had
brown hair and eyes and a fair mustache.
His general appearance was that of a la
boring man. He wore a navy blue suit
and a blue negligee shirt.
Burglars in a Grocery.
Three men broke into the grocery of H.
F. Schlichting, 915 Bryant street, about 1
o'clock yesterday morning. Schlichting,
who lives upstairs, was awakened by the
crash of glas=s. and suspecting something
was wrong blew a police whistle. He saw
three men run away from the store, but
owing to the darkness was unable to rec
ognize them. When he made an investi
gation he discovered that the glass in
both the front and rear doors had been
broken and a quantity of liquors and
cigars had been packed on top of the
counter ready to be carried away. He
notified the police yes-erday morning.
* ' Ml :
| Endorsements i^^^^^^ ¦
>. - .*¦<¦'...,..
It is a pride to every American that the Steinway of to-day
has for its clientele the cultivated people of the entire world. Its
conquest, it is true, has not been gained without a struggle.
There were positions fortified by tradition and conservatism to
be carried. But Messrs. Steinway & Sons started out with the
laudable ambition and determination to impress the old world with
the achievements of the new. So successful and effective was
the campaign that the artistic worth of the Steinway 1 now com-
mands recognition and support in all lands.
The following is an alphabetical list of eminent musical artists
who have used and prefer to use the Steinway " piano and have
addressed complimentary letters to Messrs. Steinway & Sons,
which are valued as honorary distinctions. A souvenir booklet,
containing the letters and portraits of all these musical celebrities,
will be given free to any one visiting the Steinway salesrooms of
Sherman, Clay & Co. Requests by mail will also honored: * v
A^dl^Ohf iB^^ i 5* Resike. Edouard Lambert. Alex Nordica. Lillian
H«.rVr£ 5* Reszke. Vwß Lassalle, Jean Paderewski. I ? nace
Berlioz. Hector Eam»s-Story, Emma Lirzt, Franz j
Bloomfl eld-Zeis ler. Frledheim. Arthur McDowell, Edward Patti, Adelina ,
¦R^?rr.« iw S 0 ? 11 ? ;. 01 " 1 Manclnelll, Lulgi ' Rosenthal. Morlz .:.
Rr«rni t' Hplmholtz. yon Prof. Mason. William  ."• Rubinstein, Anton -
Si™ pL?" «H« H - ' „ v Melba.- Nellie Rummel. Franz
t?a h«? !?««t, £'T,? ni *•«»«¦">• Menter. Sofie Scalchi. Sofia .
tT,^»; ™f. * ?° fl Sf nn 'Ti ol>ef r Nevada-Palmer. Em- Thomas, Theodore
De IJUKBan. Zelle . Joachim. Doctor Job. ma • • Vlrnas Francisco
J^Pachmann. Vlad. Jo'-effy JUfa^i Niklsch, Arthur . ¦ ' wlgner, Richarrt ;; /
| Furthermore, the crowned heads of all countries . have paid the Stein-
way piano official and personal recognition by using it in their palaces and
by royal patents appointing Messrs. Steinway & Sons as makers to their
'courts. . J , : -.'.-^ '.' '. '.-,.
y You are cordially invited to visit the Steinway 'salerooms of Sherman,
Clay & Co., who are the Pacific Coast Representatives.
-^£i> <=«tf^
Sherman, Clay & Co.
J Steinway Piano Dealers, S?r-J Bth « n A d Broadway.- Oakland. -
* - ; •. J •' .- , ' 711 Second Av-., Seattle. :. :¦
EMPLOYE FINDS ABANDONED BABY
IN THE MANSION LODGING-HOUSE
Weil-Dressed Woman Rents a Room, and After Her Departure
Bedmaker Finds Three-Day-Old Boy Asleep in the Blankets.
Infant Is Sent to Emergency Hospital and Police Are Notified
A BRIGHT baby boy, whose span of
life encompasses no more than
three days, u> at the Central
Emergency Hospital, while the
police are endeavoring to ascer
tain the name of the woman who aban
doned the infant in a Mission street lodg
ing-house some time between midnight of
Saturday and noon of Sunday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1901.
INFANT THAT WAS ABANDONED
IN LODGING-HOUSE BY WELL
DRESSED WOMAN SATURDAY.
"When Fritz Sheet the bedmaker of the
Mansion House, at 963 Mission street, was
making his rounds be) ween 11 and 12
o'clock yesterday he went into a room on
the first floor that he had rented about
midnight to a well dressed woman. The
room was vacant and he proceeded to
make the bed. He started to pull off the
bedclothes, and found an infant quietly
slumbering-. The child lay tucked in a
blanket and upon two pillows. Scheef
summoned the woman who conducts the
house and the police were notified.
LEAVES GEMS
IN STREETCAR
Mrs. Churchill Is Very
Careless With Her
Diamonds.
Mrs. E. W. Churchill of 909 Linden
street, Oakland, is congratulating herself
on the recovery of $1500 worth of dia
monds, which she lost while visiting the
city Saturday evening. The diamonds
were in a chamois bag, which, according
to Mrs. Churchill, was stolen from her
either on' the ferryboat or while she was
making some purchases on this side of
the bay. «_¦*». ,
Shortly after she had reported the al
leged robbery to the police yesterday,
Captain Seymour was Informed by tele
phone that the diamonds had been found
by W. H. Craig, a conductor of a car of
the Halght-street line. He had found the
precious stones on the seat of the car Just
after Mrs. Churchill had alighted.
Craig turned the gems over to the su
perintendent of the road, who, upon learn
ing that Mrs. Churchill was the owner,
gave them to her.
HEBREWS FORM SOCIETY
TO RELIEVE DISTRESS
Rabbi M. S. Levy Addresses Members
and Urges Co-operation in
Good Work.
The San Francisco Hebrew Relief So
ciety met last night in B'nai B'rith Hall
for the purpose of perfecting its organi
zation and to create interest in its work.
The address of the evening was delivered
by Rabbi M. S. Levy, who briefly detailed
the aims and purposes of a society formed
to relieve distress in the southern section
of the city. Dr. Levy urged his hearers
to help the movement, as there were
many who were deserving of help from
their more fortunate brothers. Dr. Levy
compared the charity of the poor and the
rich and said that the smaller gifts of the
former were as praiseworthy in the sight
of God as the larger offerings of the lat-
J. Goldstein, president of the society,
stated that there are now 300 members on
the roll and that actual work had already
been commenced. The following named
officers were chosen:
J. Goldstein, president; J. L. Abram
owitz, vice president; M. Rosenberg, sec
retary; I. Harland, treasurer; H. Marks,
A. Davis, M. Goldblath, B. Marcus, J.
Harland and M. Wise, trustees.
Lad Vanquishes Footpad.
Herbert Waddington, 16 years of age,
employed as a clerk in the drug store at
the corner of Geary and Octavia streets,
while on his way home about 9 o'clock on
Saturday night, was held up as he was
passing the Unitarian Church at the cor
ner of Franklin and Geary streets. A
man jumped out of the shadows and de
manded young Waddington' s watch and
money. The boy was carrying an um
brella in his hand and brought it down on
the fellow's head. This conftised and stag
gered the would-be footpad, and young
Waddington made the best possible time
he could toward his home.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, We flask. Richard & Co. 40S Clay. *
Police Officer Morlarity responded, and
calling the patrol wagon had the infant
conveyed to the Central Emergency
Hospital. The child, was examined there
and the physicians in attendance gave it
as their opinion that the boy was not
more than three days old. He was place 1
In charge of the nurses, and soon made
friends with the rubber end of. a nursing
bottle, to his evident catisfaction.
There was nothing about the infant to
Indicate its maternity. It was warmly
clothed in the usual accessories of a
baby's wardrobe. A pink and white
striped tennis flannel nightgown, a while
lama cloth coat and an infant's cap, also
of white material, were on the infant.
Fritz Sheef, the bedmaker, says:
A woman came to the house three nights ago
who looked like the one who rented the room
last night. I did not Day much attention to
her, but she was pretty well dressed. I showed
her several rooms, and she said she would call
again. About 1 o'clock last night a womaa
came and rented the front room on the first
floor. I lighted the lamp In her room and left
her.
I went Into the room about noon to-day, and
found the baby In the bed. It looked as If
some one had slept in the bed during the night,
but it was not much mussed. I did not hear
anybody come In or out during the night, and
the woman who rented the room had nothing
in her hand.
According to Sheef, the woman seemed
pleased that a dim lamp was the only
means of lighting the room, the gas usu
ally being turned off »n the house before
midnight. There are two entrances to the
house, one on Mission street, the main
entrance, and a secontf one at the rear,
used in common by a number of adjoining
buildings of the same character.
The theory of the pclice is that the
woman after engaging the room went out
and secured the infant and hushed it to
sleep, or that it was brought to her by
some person from the outside, who was
made cognizant of the location of the
room.
The infant will be sent to-day to Mount
St. Joseph's Infant Asjlum unless the
mother is located in the meanwhile.
THINKS FIANCE
WAS MURDERED
Edna Cannon Is Anxious
Over Disappearance
of Alex X Bell.
The police of this city have been asked
to locate Alex K. Bell, who came here
from Portland a short time ago. Bell
was to have married Miss Edna Cannon
of Portland last Wednesday, but on the
eve of the wedding he suddenly disap
peared. An investigation revealed that he
had informed a friend that he was about
to leave for this city to settle up some
business matters. It is known that Bell
arrived here last Thursday, but since
then no trace of him has been found.
Before leaving Portland he told a Mr.
McCusker, who is a brother-in-law of
the bride to be, that he was feeing ill
and that he intended to come to this city
to seek medical advice. On learning of
his disappearance and thinking that he
might be seriously ill Mr. McCusker
came to this city last Friday and ap
pealed to Captain of Detectives Seymour
to find him.
Seymour had his men search the vari
ous hospitals for Bell, but they failed to
get a trace of him. Miss Cannon, who is
a very estimable young woman, fears
that her prospective husband is tho vic
tim of foul play. She cannot account for
his failure to keep his promise to marry
her, except that he was suddenly bereft
of his reason on account of sickness.
WATCHES FOR THE MAN
WHO TAKES HIS PAPEJt
George Maxwell Beats H. A. Lafler
and Is Arrested on Charge
of Battery.
George Maxwell, ex-secretary of the
Fire Department, was arrested yesterday
morning about 8 o'clock by Policeman
Sheehan and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of battery. He was released
on $5 cash bail. The complaining witness
against him is H. A. Lafler, who lives in
the neighborhood.
Maxwell's statement is that some one
had been annoying him by stealing The
Call from his doorstep, at 2048 Leaven
worth street, and yepterday morning ho
made up his mind to watch for the pape.
"lifter." He says he :iaw Lafler pick up
the paper and he immediately pounced
upon him. Lafler got mad and followel
Maxwell into his house, threatening to
thrash him. Maxwell stood it as long as
he could, and suddenly Lafler wondere-i
what had struck him, as he found hlrr.
self on the sidewalk. He complained to
Policeman Sheehan, and Maxwell's arre3t
followed.
Maxwell threatens to get even with
Lafler by swearing out a warrant for his
arrest to-day for petty larceny.
Advantages of Socialism.
Rev. J. E. Scott delivered a lecture on
"The Advantages of Socialism" before
Liberty Branch of the Socialist Demo
cratic party at Academy of Science Hall
last night. Mr. Scott expounded the prin
ciples of socialism, which, he said, were
destined to reorganize society on a proper
basis. He detailed at length what he rec
ognized as the advantages of socialism
and said that the movement would ulti
mately settle the labor question because
it teaches that the laborer should receive
the product of his labor or its equivalent.
MARCUS' DRAFT
FAILS TO ARRIVE
He Works Easterner by
Tale of Great Ex
pectations.
Sells Griswold Bogus Stock
and Give 3 Him Wild
goose Chase.
"If an individual bearing the name of
H. C. Marcus, of smooth appearance, in
gratiating manners and eloquent tongue,
tries to win your confidence by tales of
unbusiness-like banks in the East that
are neglecting to send him drafts for
plethoric sums, and follows up his at
tempt with a request for temporary relief,
tell him you're busted."
This is the advice that Allen S. Gris
wold, late of the Yale preparatory school
and now growing up with the West,* of
fers to the generously inclined of San
Francisco.
Marcus came before the public about six
weeks ago, through a supposed overdose
of laudanum, for which he was treated at
the Emergency Hospital. His story at
the time was that, feeling pains in his
stomach, he entered the fi*"st lodging
house to which he came, hired a room
and telephoned for a doctor. The doctor
did not come right away, so Mar
cus administered to himself, he said, a
few drops of laudanum. He was discov
ered by Dr. Mish, who telephoned to the
hospital for an ambulance. Marcus was
revived, and while at the hospital made
the acquaintance of Dr. jfc). A. Dlggins.
A few days later Marcus called on the
doctor, showed him pockets full of oil
stock and receipts for all kinds of money
and gave him inside information aa to
every sort of good thing. Then he told
Diggins the story of a draft which a care
less Philadelphia bank had failed to send
him. He wanted" a few dollars. The doc
tor said nay. Then he offered to put up
somo of his paper money as security.
Again nay from the doctor and nay again
when he suggested* that the doctor intro
duce him to some friend who might be
induced to help Mr. Marcus tide over the
financial vacuum caused by the non
arrival of the draft.
Keeps TJp Acquaintance.
Marcus still dropped in on Dlggins,
however, and one day, on parting, asked
the doctor to please telegraph to Phila
delphia for him and find out what was
delaying the draft. He did not give the
name of the bank, however, and when he
dropped in a few days later in company
with Allen S. Griswold, the doctor had re
ceived no news of the draft.
"Did you get any word from my draft.
Doc?" was the greeting.
Diggins started in to explain the impossi
bility of having done so, when Marcus in
terrupted him by introducing his friend
Griswold. The pair left together. This
was about three weaks ago.
Griswold returned a few days ago to in
quire as to the whereabouts of Diggins'
friend Marcus. Explanations followed
and Griswold told the following story:
He came out here a few months ago, he
said. He had taken a course at the Yale
preparatory school and had come West
for a whirl before entering college. He
whirled too much. The rotary motion
emptied his pockets and he found him
self penniless in a strange city. He wrote
home for money, but in the interval se
cured in a humble boarding-house a job
which insured him board and lodging.
It was here he met Marcus. Griswold,
attracted by the manner of the former,
told his story. It was a strange co
incidence. Marcus was in the same fix.
His remittance had gone astray, but his
doctor was keeping the wires hot finding
out the reason.
Griswold's remittance came.
Draft Still Missing.
"Let's go down to the doctor. I guess
he's got my draft by this time," said J
Marcus, "and we can go away and look
into those little propositions I have been
telling you about. There'll be a barrel of
money in it for both of us."
The result of the visit to the doctor's
has already been detailed.
Marcus took the non-arrival philosophi- j
cally. It was a draft of Croesian dimen
sions and well worth waiting for. Mar
cus was ' awfully short, however, and
would Griswold mind—
Griswold didn't mind. He provided
Marcus with ready money. He bought
some of his oil stock. He bore the ex
pense of a trip to Stockton and paid a
week's lodging at the hotel for the pair.
He paid for a long telegram to the Phila
delphia bank directing an immediate my
vestigation of the draft's delay, and he
paid for other things.
One day Marcus informed him that his
draft was on the way, but that in the
meanwhile Griswold had better go to
Redding and look into a few good things
some of Marcus' friends were keeping
open for the missing draft.
Armed with letters of Introduction to
half a dozen of what Marcus said were
Redding's most influential citizens, Gris
wold went to Redding. Nobody in Red
ding knew any of the Marcus citizens.
Griswold's rusty alarm clock finally rang.
He returned to San Francisco thorough
ly awakened and visited Dr. Diggins. He
went to the office of the oil company in
which he held Marcus' stock and fpund
the stock worthless. His money is almost
gone, most of it by the Marcus route.
Saturday he took the balance and bought
a ticket to Bakersfield, where he has
some relatives. He says he is afraid to
stay in San Francisco, but if he thought
by doing so he could meet Marcus he
would take the risk. -
Dr. Sol C. Mish said fast evening in an
interview that he attended Marcus twice
for poisoning. The first time Marcus toox
poison was at the Sutherland Hotel. Ha
was removed to the Waldeck and prom
ised to pay the bill when he left, which
he failed to do. The second time Dr.
Mish was called he decided that the besi;
place for Marcus to be attended to was
the Emergency Hospital, where he event
ually was sent. Dr. Mish also states that
a barber by the name of Scott called upon
him and complained that Marcus had
sold him worthies oil stock and had se
cured $50 of his good money.
Our Glasses
they . not only i FIT the -' vision,
but they FIT the nose, the face
¦ ;;¦ and <: : the purse. ',; They fit the
, vision, because . we ' first make .• a
I thorough test of the eyes and
j then 1 adjust the right glasses to
them. They fit the nose and. the
: face ; because > we • use •. the : . right
~ clip or bow suited to 5 the : cade.
They fit. the r purse because they
:" are no > higher than ready-made, -
poorly - fitting glasses.
.V Remember our name and
number.
\ • 2J7Ke3rnetfstrs.F.
AjyVERTISEMENTS^ - u -,^-
RIBBONS, UNDERWEAR,
FEATHER BOAS
..AND,..
PURSES.
500 pieces Best Quality DouDle-Facel SATIN LIBERTY
RIBBON, 31 Inches wide, In all the leading light shades.
Price 25c Yard.
275 pieces Extra Qualito SATIN PEAU DE SOIE RIBBON, A
with self-colored dots, full 4 inches wide, in 12 different-
shades; also White, Cream and Black.
Price 35c Yard.
2 cases LADIES 1 SWISS RIBBED MERINO VESTS AND
DRAWERS, in hoth Grau and White j vests either long
or short sleeves,
Price $1.00 Each.
• 2 cases LADIES' NATURAL GRAY AUSTRALIAN WOOL
VESTS AND DRAWERS, extra heavu gualltu.
Price $1.25 Each.
4 case MEN'S NATURAL GRAY WOOL SHIRTS AND
DRAWERS, veru heavu aualltu, all sizes from 30 to 48.
Price $1.50 Each.
250 LADIES' FEATHER BOAS, made from the lest
gualltg of Ostrich Feathers, 36 to 72 inches long, la
Black, White, Natural Grans, and Black and White.
* Prices $10.00 to $35.00 Each. \
• 20 dozen LADIES' LEATHER PURSES, In Morocco, Seal,
Walrus, Sea Lion, Alligator and Lizard ; prices panging
from
50c to $5.00 Each.
—^tso^o 4*w sL .^B .^ '^^^P^^P
HI 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
gOLPBSRg. BOWEN * COS SPECIAL SAVINS SALS
GOLDBERG
BdWEN
&CO
Will be open Wednesday
I ¦ evening — here you get the
best and the largest variety
! to select from-holiday foods
from most every country in
the world come early —
prompt arid careful service
Bon bo n s
For fun — dinner — make your
selection early —
ioc to $4 dozen
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Mackerel
Catch of 100t — white and tender ooc
like chicken — reg'ly $1-5 lb pail /
12 lb kit ** * — reg'ly $2 50 . : $2 1Q
Cranberries
Cape Cod— extra fancy- ,_ t .cc
regMy 15c quart j 2 4 CS 2 5 C
Chutney
Bombay's famous . pints lOC
condiments — * . °
reg'ly 400-600 . quarts 50c
Malaga raisins
Large clusters— 1 lb cartons- -jj _ AOC
6 crown and 4 crown j*-»v.-^.vj^
Bouillon
Anker capsules — 2 C C
reg'ly 30c box of ten J
Pasha coffee
Particularly fine for after
dinner small black — 1 lbs 55c
reg'ly 35c lb
Sweet cider
De Long— pure apple juice— oc
reg'ly 50c gallon •" 7*
Glace fruit
French Importation-including pine-,. oc
apple fritters— 50c lb 'J\?-. -
Mushrooms
F France— fine - Mr ,x . -
quality— reg'ly 25c can '. 2 cans 45?
Canned peas
American petit— pois— U'.'o fnr « m
extra sifted— , 2 ior 2 5 C
reg'ly 15c 1 lb can dozen $1 40
Corn
Sea Foam-young tender « f nr «rr
kernels— . M z j c >
reg'ly $1 65 dozen dozen $1 40
* Molasses
Old fashioned New Orleans — ' cCC
good quality— reg'ly. 75c gal can -> •>
; Finnan haddie
Back bone removed — - ,rr
reg'ly 20c * - '¦¦ : *5 -^
[ 80LDBXS8. BOWXH & COS SPIOIAL SI VINO SAUI
Brook trout
Serve hot or cold — 2OC
reg'ly 25c can
Metal polish
Sunshine-excels any special 2 "C
similar article now in 3 cans -^
— contains no acids — of grit —
produces quickly a brilliant and lasting
— reg'ly 2 cans 25c
Hick nuts
Eastern shell-barks — lOC
reg'ly 15c lb
Figs
California-reg'ly ioc 1 lb pkg 3 for 25c
Smyrna reg'ly 25c lb 2OC *
Vista del Vallc
wines
reg'ly < * special
Plain sauterne $5 50 case qts $4 2 d
1 " .650" " 5
Larose claret 5 " " 375
" " 6 "• " 450
Cocktails
• Imperial — 6 kinds — ready to QOC
use — reg'ly $ 1 25 bottle "
Whisky
Old stock bourbon — < r t c
reg'ly $1 50 bottle— l 6 gallon- •; * *
same quality for years 4 5°
Cherries
In marasquin-f or cocktails-punch- r m
. lemonade— reg'ly 60c bottle * J
Champagne
Montlgny-France- w „+„ ,- ¦* -_ -
medium dry wine- pts doz *S 75
pts qoc-s2i case 2 doz-qts $1 75-820 1 doz
Moselle wine
German hock-type pts %1 50
. California dry white wine- qts 4
reg'ly $3-$5-$r 50 gal , I «
Come early
The largest grr.cery catalogue published
431 Pine 332 Sutler 2800 California San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay Streets Oakland
Expert
Eye-Glass
Fitting
AT MODERATE COST.
The Ocularium.
OPTICIANS'p >(r , T < " : *'"* B «io. j
. 642 Market st. nstruments
"u*DEB CHROHICtt BUII.DIM&..'CATAtO6UE FR't
,{-
PUrr Dnv a 1 <*>">«• Fourth 4nd
I ALL UllVnl Market. S. F. Try
I .11 IT nil I ill OUr -Special Brew.
- • ' " vallaes checked (re*