VOLUME XCL-NO 12.
MME. NORDICA, NOTED SINGER,
WILL SUE THE UNITED STATES
FOR THREE OR FOUR MILLIONS
Claims the Money Is Due Her as Direct Descendant of Ichabod
Norton, a Wealthy New Englander, Who, During the Revolu
tionary War, Had Several Ships and Their Cargoes Confiscated
TWO-EYED PEACOCK
FEATHER IS GIVEN
NOTORIOUS YUNG LU
Chinese Government Rewards
General Who Is Regarded
as Author of the Anti-
Foreign Outbreaks.
PEKING, Dec. 11.— An edict has ap
peared which bestows honors upon the
late Li Hung Chang and upon Prince
Ching and other, officials for their par
ticipation in the peace negotiations. A
most remarkable clause awards Yung Lu
(who commanded the best disciplined
troops which opposed the allies) the two
eyed peacock feather for having protect
ed foreigners against the Boxers.
It was announced from Shanghai iate
in August, 1900, that, according to writ
ten evidence which was then coming to
hand. General Yung Lu • was -the real
author of the anti-foreign outbreaks in
Peking and Tientsin. Yung Lu, who is
a Manchu. was formerly Viceroy of Pe
chili and generalissimo of the Chinese
army.
At the time of the Empress Dowager's
coup d'etat Yur.g Lu saved the life of the
Emperor Kwang Su. The rapid rise of
Yung Lu to power is unprecedented »n
Chinese history. In four years he rose
from a small military command to the
most important Viceroyship and the
highest military command in the empire.
Yung Lu was the Chinese Imperial Treas
urer at the time of the Boxer outbreak.
He was appointed a Peace Commissioner
in September, 1900.
SPEAKER HENDEBSON
RESIGNS FROM A "CLUB
Alleged Violation of a Rule the Cause
of Trouble at the Metro
politan.
WASHINGTON, Dec. lL-Speaker Hen
derson of the House has resigned from
the Metropolitan Club. No official state
ment has been made as to his reason for
this action, but It Is learned that he ob
jected to the manner in which his atten
tion was recently called to one of the
rules of the club affecting the rights of
members to invite their friends to the
club.
It Is Bald that Speaker Henderson had
disobeyed this rule, of the existence of
which he was Ignorant. His attention
was called to his oversight and he became
offended at the manner In which It was
brought to his notice. He thereupon pre-
Eented his resignation and it was ac
cepted.
DOWN-COAST CITIES
FEEL AN EARTHQUAKE
lick Observatory Reports the Shock
to Be the Host Severe in
Years.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 11.— The following is
from Director W. TV. Campbell of Lick
Observatory. Mount Hamilton:
"The most severe earthquake shock
felt here during the past six or eight
years occurred this afternoon at 1
o'clock 58 minutes and 23 seconds. For
tunately no damage was done. The pre
vailing motion of the earth was from
the northwest to the southeast"
In this city during the earthquake
large buildings swayed. No damage was
done.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec 1L— An earthquake
shock was felt here at 1:57 o'clock this
afternoon.
The San Francisco Call.
NOTED OPERA SINGER AND THE I FORMER SPEAKER OF THE
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, WHO WILL ACT AS HER ATTOR
NEY IN A BIG SUIT AGAINST THE GOVERNMENT, j
TRIPLE TRAGEDY
DURING CARNIVAL
IN A TEXAS TOWN
Bunko Steerer Is Slain After
He Had Mortally Wounded
Two Policemen : Who
Tried to Arrest Him.
HOUSTON, Tex., Dec. 11.— When Po
liceman J. C. James and Herman Younst
attempted to arrest a bunko steerer, Sid
Preacher, this afternoon, the latter
opened fire with a" shotgun. At the first
fire he mortally wounded James. He then
fired at Younst, knocking him down and
was on top of him beating him when
James raised himself from the gutter
and fired three times, killing Preacher.
Both James and Younst were dead be
fore assistance came. There is great ex
citement over the matter, as this is car
nival week and the town is crowded with
people.
Preacher was well known to the police
and had been arrested frequently. They
had been watching him closely during the
carnival. With a shotgun on his shoul
der he went to . the police to-day and
complained that they were interfering
in his business. The police attempted to
arrest him, when he opened fire on them.
Several hundred people saw the dueL
To-night a warrant" was sworn out by
the deputy chief of police for J. J. Brock
man, Preacher's attorney, charging him
with murder, and he has been jailed. . It
Is charged by the police that - the attor
ney advised Preacher to use a shotgun
in case any attempt was made to arrest
him. Late In the afternoon a boy with
two shotguns and a large number of
buckshot cartridges, which he said he
was carrying to Brockman's office; was
arrested.
Tragedy Occurs in a Hotel.
GUTHRIE..O. T., Dec. 11.— Dick Tittle
was shot and instantly -killed at the
Holmes Hotel in Shawnee to-night , by
Berry Griffin, and the latter made good
bis escape. The trouble originated from
the attempt of the landlady, to eject Tit
tl.tro.nth. hold.-. : .
SAN FRANCISCO^ THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12. 1901.
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, Dec. 11.— From
relatives of Mme.' Noirdica, whom
she visited while in this city a.
few days ago, it is learned that
she has placed with ex-Speaker Thom
as B. Reed and another prominent
attorney a claim . for between three - and
four million dollars, which she says is
due her as a direct descendant of Icha
bod Norton. Norton was a wealthy New
England ship owner during the Revolu
tionary War and had several * ships and
their cargoes confiscated by French ves
sels. 1 , The Government is said to have se
cured indemnity for the loss, but Nordica
claims the- amount was never • paid to
Xorton "or his heirs. She says she has
established a complete genealogy show
ing herself to be the direct descendant
and heir to Norton.
EX-SENATOR WOLCOTT
AND DIVORCED WIFE
BECOME RECONCILED
Mrs. Roosevelt Brings About
the Reunion of the Couple
Who Separated Two
Yeara Ago. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER. Dec. U.-Former United
States Senator Wolcott has let contracts
for 510,000 worth of improvements on Wol
hurst, his beautiful country home, ten
miles south of Denver, and, his intimate
friends say that his purpose is to fit the
place up to receive there his former wife,
who is at present the guest of Mrs. The
odore Roosevelt at the White House.
The story comes from Washington that
Mrs. Roosevelt, who often visited at WoJ
hurst when the ' Senator and his wife
lived together, has interested herself to
effect a reconciliation between the two,
and has been successful. Mrs. Wolcott'
who as Mrs. Lyman K. Bass, wife of
President Cleveland's" law partner, mar
ried the Senator fourteen' years ago, se
cured a divorce from him about two years
since on the ground of incompatibility. She
then went abroad and but recently re
turned.
Mrs. Roosevelt gave a -dinner in her
honor last night, and it was there an
nounced that a reunion was early proba
ble. Senator Wolcott is actively engaged
in the practice of law here.
Ask Clemency for the Girl.
WASHINGTON, Dec. ll.-The applica
tion for clemency in the case of Miss
Eastwick, j the American girl confined in
prison in London for "raising" a railroad
bond, has been forwarded to the ( United
States Embassy at London, and Mr.
White, the secretary and Charge, will do
all in his power to. ameliorate the condi
tion of . the prisoner. The British - Gov
ernment has. It is said, been, very indul
gent In this case, and there is every roa
son to expect that it will continue. to be
SO. : :' f/ : ', i i'r'';i
KITCHENER
SAYS BOERS
ARE SAVAGE
Declares That Natives
Are Being Shot in -
Cold Blood.
Alleges Murders Are Commit
ted to Hide Movements
of Commandoes.
In Speaking of This Report War
Secretary Brodrick Says the Re
/ publican Forces Disregard
the Laws* cf "War.
LONDON. Dec. 11.— Lord Kitchener's
promised report specifying thirty-seven
instances in which natives have been shot
by Boers and which Involve the loss of
eighty-four lives,- was Issued by the War
Office to-night.
In some of the cases mentioned' the
blacks were shot after an informal court
martial or upon being accused of spying,
but in numerous instances which Lord
Kitchener indicated the natives were shot
in cold blood in order to ■ hide traces of
the movements of Boer commandoes. The
period covered by Lord Kitchener's state
ment is over a year.
Speaking at Glasgow to-night Brodrick,
the Secretary of State for War, referred
toi Lord Kitchener's report upon the
shooting of. blacks by the. Boers. Brod
rick said that this report made it per
fectly clear that these murders were
committed in moments of passion, but
■were part of an organized system to cover
the tracks of the enemy and prevent pos
sible Information of their whereabouts.
Dealing with present aspects of the war
Brodrick said Boers had accepted parole
and broken it and that there would be no
repetition of such actions. Within recent
weeks Boer commanders had shown less
regard for the laws of war than previous
ly and these b4ndlts would before long
reach a crisis when they could no longer
be treated as belligerents.
No Half Measures.
The speaker said that the Government
was for no half measures for securing
a : settlement and that any. fresh negotia
tions must emanate from the 'Boers.
" Referring critically -'to^ the ' dissensions
In- the Liberal party Brodrick created
amusement by declaring that had Lord
•Rosebery been \ Premier the Liberals
would have had - a - right to - his ' counsel,
since the captain could not withdraw and
sulk in his cabin during rough weather,
especially if the first mate had turned
pirate and was engaged in looting the
cargo. - . --
Brodrick confirmed the Government's
decision, which . had already been, an
nounced, viz.: To break up .the unhealthy
concentration camps and remove the over
flow of concentrados to the coast, where
attempts would be made to provide them
with more permanent shelters.
"Now that General Ian Hamilton is
here," the Pretoria correspondent of the
Dally Telegraph cables, "Lord Kitchener
has personally taken the field and is di
recting the movements of the troops."
A correspondent of the Standard, tele
graphing from Brussels, says that he
hears that confidential negotiations are
imminent between Great Britain and Hol
land which are' not unlikely to result In
an arrangement for bringing Boer women
and children to Holland.
Boer Command Captured.
Lord Kitchener, In a dispatch from
Standerton, Transvaal Colony, dated
Tuesday, December . 10, announces that
General Bruce Hamilton, after a night
march/surprised and captured practically
the whole of the Boer Bethel command
at Trlchardsfonteln early that morning.
Seven Boers were killed and 131 were
made prisoners, j
UTRECHT., Dec. 11.— Paul Kruger, for
mer President of the South African re
public, has arrived here and has taken
possession of his new residence. Kruger,
who appeared to be in excellent health,
received a great ovation from crowds of
people.
Chamberlain Is Denounced.'
BERLIN, • Dec. 11.— An anti-British
mass meeting. at Munich to-day was at
tended by several thousand people, in
cluding a number of Bavarian Deputies.
Violent. addresses, were made denouncing
Secretary Chamberlain, and a resolution
was adopted calling: on ', the Reichstag
and the Government to take the initiative
in an effort to terminate the war in South
AfrlcaJ .
The 'socialists of Germany are taking
advantage of the ill feeling against Great
Britain- throughout the country for the
purpose, of harassing the Government.
This they effect by demanding that: the
Reichstag shall propose joint v Interven
tion in South Africa 4 to the other powers.
Hungary. Favors Britain.
BUDAPEST, Dec. 11.— Replying In | the
Hungarian Diet to-day to a demand that
the shipment of horses from Hungary to
South Africa be stopped, the Premier;
Kaloma de Szel, ' declared the question
whether horses were regarded as war ma
terlaland to supply them constituted a
violation of .neutrality , had never j yet
been decided; -hence the Government dlrl
not intend to stop the traffic. While fully
sympathizing: with the ; Boers, salt; ilie
Premier, the questioner ought to .have
realized the impropriety of abusing t ha
"British, who, In difficult times, had shown
their sympathy ; for Hungary. The Brit
ish nation,' he added, deserved Hungary's
esteem. . :- :
The .Premier's statement was "approved
by the majority of the House. / . ;
..'->' ALBANY, N. Y.;' Dec. 11.— The Nipper Con
solidated Copper Company of New 'York City
was incorporated; to-day with a -capital of
CHILE IS SEEKING A DELAY
IN THE SETTLEMENT OF THE
CONTROVERSY WITH ARGENTINE
State of Affairs Between the Two South American Republics Is
Decidedly Strained, and Both Appear to Be Preparing Their
Forces for the War Which Now Seems to Be Unavoidable
UENOS AYRES, Argentina, Dec.
11.— In' official circles there is a
growing conviction that Chile' is
seeking? a pretext to escape from
giving a definite reply to Argen
tina's proposals for a settlement of the
dispute in regard to" roads and pathways
opened In the. disputed territory. This be
lief is based upon the request by Chile for
a postponement of the next conference be
tween Senor Yanez, Chilean ■Secretary of
Foreign Affairs, and the Argentine Min
ister to Chile, Senor Portela. until next
Friday/ . • . . '
It is generally believed that the dispute
will not be settled on that day; that Ar
gentina will be forced to recall Minister
Portela; that the Government will send
troops to occupy the. roads and pathways
in the disputed territory, and tnat a state
ment will be made to King Edward of
Great Britain, arbitrator of the boundary
question.
The Government in acceding to the re
quest of Chile that the next conference
between .Secretary Yahez and Minister
Portela be delayed until Friday expressed
the hope" that a settlement of the dispute
would take place on that day. The seri
ousness of the situation is apparent from
statements made in the Tribuna, Presi
dent Rocca's organ. That newspaper re
flects the opinion in offlpial circles. It
Grave Condition Exists.
'; "The day has passed with several meet
ings of the officials of the administration.
There is strict secrecy observed regarding
the deliberations in these meetings, and
this leadsto the belief that a very grave
condition of affairs exists..
"The Minister of Foreign Affairs has
communicated to the President the report
of the, Governor of Santa Cruz, which
shows that the invaders of Argentine ter
ritory were two Chilean police agents..
"It Is said that the Government received
to-day another communication from the
Argentina Minister at Santiago. The con r
tents of i this communication are being
kept secret, but there are indications that
it contains alarming news, and that the
Government is obliged to adopt the firm
est measures.
"It looks as though the first measure
to be .taken will be the recall of the Ar
gentine Minister to Chile. !
"Are we on the verge of war? We hesi
tate to believe it, but it is. certainly true
that the Government of Chile is not firm
enough to decide the question in accord
ance with reason and dignity.
"This is very bad. ..The Argentine.Gov
ernment cannot adopt the Chilean policy
of withholding a decision. We will, there :
fore, be obliged to break off diplomatic
relations with Chile and to accept the
situation which, though not a war, -is not
very far from it."
War Preparations Made.
Another ( Buenos Ayres paper announces
that a private dispatch had been received
from a banking house In Santiago de Chile
to the: effect (that President Errazuriz
is disposed "to, obtain an early settlement
of the dispute in order to avoid a conflict,
but that the members of the Chilean Cab
inet are in a' different : mood. . The dis-f
patch adds that th«,United States Minis
ter in Chile has' tendered "the" good offices
of his Government to prevent hostilities
between Argentina and Chile, n ■
. The ■ newspaper in commenting upon
this dispatch says: . • v
"We know that the United States Min
ister. In Santiago (Henry L. Wilson) is
not a friend of the Argentine republic.
Our Government will not accept any for
eign mediation. It has decided upon that
policy." " V'V
Military and naval preparations are be
ing made to meet emergencies. The Min
ister of Marine has ordered the training
ship Sarmiento, which has been at Alex
andria, Egypt, to. go tp Gibraltar and
await there for further Instructions. 'The
Sarmiento sailed yesterday. Negotiations
are taking place for the purchase of .two
iron merchant vessels to be converted into
auxiliary cruisers. ,; •*.- : >>-'.--" '?*•
The budget commission submitted yes
terday to the. Chamber -of: : Deputies
a report of Government expenditures,
which amounted to .32,444,663 '. pesos gold
and 97,206,912 pesos paper..
PEZET QUOTES PRESIDENT.
Shows Lack of Sympathy for Cbils's
Aggressive Policy. :.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.; WASHINGTON, Dec. 11.— President
Roosevelt has been quoted by Senor Pe
zet. Charge d' Affaires of- Peru, in a book
on the .Tacna-Arica dispute, which he
has just published, to show the lack of
sympathy felt by the chief executive for
the aggressive policy adopted by Chile to
ward Peru.
"Will Chiie be allowed to wreck the
work that Blaine initiated and of which
McKlnley was a continuator?" asks Pe
zet, "or are we, in the words of President
Roosevelt, 'to stand shoulder to shoulder
and work out our own salvation^ not al
lowing any territorial aggrandizement on
this continnenf by any Old World power
arid scrupulously regarding rights and in
terests of .each other on this, continent,'
so. that Instead of any one of us commit
ting the criminal fault of trying to rise
at the experve of our neighbors we shall
all .strive upward \ In honest and manly
biotherhood?"
~ Senor Pezet's book is a translation of.
the work of Dr. "Victor M. Mauctua, Con
sul General" of Peru at the City of Mex
ico, to which. he has added later observa
tions so. that -the history, of the Tacna-
Arica dispute Is brought up to date. • Tho
author^ stated -that . during the days he
has labored upon his book he has derived
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CHIEF EXECUTIVES OF THE TWO
SOUTH j AMERICAN REPUBLICS
ON THE VERGE OF "WAR.
no small consolation and energy to help
him carry out his undertaking: for the
unmistakable proofs of sympathy that his
country has received from all classes la
the United States. He accused Chile,
when the battle began over the pro
gramme of the Pan-American Congress,
of sending well selected agents to all the
principal American States and inaugurat
ing a thorough plan of undermining tha
actual currents of sympathy in those
countries \$here Bolivian and Peruvian
interests were less known and where the
consequences of the Tacna-Arica contro
versy ..would necessarily cause no immedi
ate effect.
KEEPING UP WITH ARGENTINE.
Chile Will Call Into Service Two
Forces of Conscripts.
VALPARAISO, Dec. 11.— The Chilean
Government will call into service two
forces, of conscripts as a result of similar
action on the part of Argentine. Nothing
has happened in the last few day's to jus
tify the alarming reports sent out regard
ing the relations between Argentina and
Chile. The -Argentine Minister, Senor
Portela, will not be recalled as has been
reported, but will return home when th»
present negotiations are concluded.
- The alarming rumors are spread chiefly
by unscrupulous stock brokers. and pros
pective army purveyors In Argentina and
chile. . . .. : : :
LAWMAKERS TO TALK
OF CRUSHING ANARCHY
Judiciary Committee Will Hold a
Meeting to Formulate Legisla
tion Against Assassins.
j WASHINGTON, Dec. VL— Judge Ray.
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, has
called a meeting of that committee for
to-morrow, when the important questions
of restricting anarchy and anarchists and
of formulating an anti-trust measure will
be discussed. In view of the President's
recommendations both of these subjects
are considered of the first Importance.
Measures for dealing with anarchy are
before the committee. As to the anti
trust legislation conferences will be held
with the President and Speaker Hender
son,- with a view of determining along
what lines it Is desirable to proceed with
thfs subject.
■ Chairman Hepburn has called a meeting
of the Committee on Interstate and For
eign Commerce for Friday, when some
plans for Isthmian canal legislation will
be formulated. Hepburn said to-day that
he saw no reason why the Nicaragua
canal bill could not be reported to tho
House by next Tuesday, but he will not
ask the House to act upon the measure*
until after the pending Hay-Pauncefote
treaty Is ratified by the Senate.
The] River and Harbor Committee win
meet next week and shape a programme;
for considering a river and harbor bUL2
FIGHT BEGINS
ON COMMITTEES
Democratic Senators Op-.
pose the Republican
Plans.
Tillman Advises ? Harmony
and Will Work for.
Conciliation.
WASHINGTON, Dec n.— The Demo
cratic Senators to-day held their first cau
cus of the present session. Its purpose
was to consider committee assignments,
but the occasion was more than ordinarily
eignilicar.t because of the general attend*
ance upon the caucus. All the Senators
elected as Democrats with the exception
of Senator McLautin *>t South Carolina
were present, as were all the Senators
who were elected as Silver Republicans
or Populists. All the Independents except
Senator Teller of Colorado had entered
the Democratic' caucus held before ad
journment last March, but Senator Teller
then remained away. . He was present,
however, at to-day's conference and'Par
ticipated in the proceedings.
The caucus was called at the Instance
of Senator Jones of Arkansas, who stated
he thought it possible that the new Sen
ators might want to make some change
In the officers of the caucus. There was,
however, a general expression of satis
faction with the present officials, and Sen
ator Jones was re-elected unanimously
chairman of the caucus. The old commit
tee on order of business also was reap,
pointed, and the one vacancy on that
committee was filled by the selection of
Senator Dubois of Idaho, who was the
choice of all the Western members of the
caucus.
Tillman Urges Action.
During the proceedings Senator Tillman
suggested that there should be frequent
conferences and continued effort to agree
upon the main features of all political
controversies. There was a general re
sponse to this suggestion, and the opin
ion was fairly unanimous that the party
should present a united front, permitting
no more straggling than was absolutely
necessary.
Senator Jones presented a statement
from the Republican committee on .-com
mittees outlining its wishes as to the
committee assignments, from which it ap
peared that the Republicans were anxious
to increase the Republican membership
of several committees and to decrease the
Democratic membership of a few of the
committees. The most important change
suggested was that the Republicans
should be allowed to add one member to
their side of the Committee on -Com
merce, while the Democrats should agree
to surrender one of the places on that
committee held by them. The committee
as now constituted includes ten Republi
can members and seven Democratic mem
bers.
It was decided to vigorously resist this
Innovation. The Republicans also ex
pressed a desire to increase the member
ship of the Committees on Agriculture
and Census from nine to eleven each, the
two new members to be Republicans; to
increase the Committee on Claims from
thirteen to fourteen, the Republicans to
have eight members and the Democrats
six, as against seven and 6lx, respective
ly, as the committee is now constituted.
Democrats Oppose Changes.
An increase Is also proposed in the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations. As it at
present stands the committee numbers
eleven members, four of whom are Demo
crats. .The proposal Is to make it consist
of thirteen members, eight of whom shall
be Republicans and five Democrats. A
change was also suggested in the Com
mittee on Irrigation, which Is at present
composed of six Republicans and five
Democrats. The -change, if adopted
would give a membership of eleven, four
of whom would be Democrats. The Dem
ocrats decided to oppose the proposed
changes in the Committees on Claims and
Irrigation.
The Republican committee suggested no
changes in the committees on Appropria
tions. Finance and Judiciary, but indi
cated that they will continue Senator
Jones of Nevada on the Finance Commit
tee, thus practically adding one to the
Republican representation and taking one
from the opposition representation. The
Republicans did not Indicate any intention
to take care of Senator Wellington in the
matter of committees, nor was any sug
gestion made in the caucus that the Dem
ocrats should find places for him.
SECBETABY BEFUSES
TO CHANGE A VEBDICT
War Department Executive An
nounces His Decision, in the
Captain Bead Case. .
WASHINGTON. Dec 11.— Secretary
Root has refused to interfere in the case
of Captain James C. Read, formerly a vol
unteer subsistence officer, who was con
victed by court-martial of complicity in
alleged commissary frauds in the Philip
pines and sentenced to dismissal and im
prisonment for three years. Several im
portant legal points are implved in this
case, the chief of which are whether a
state of war existed in the Philippines at
the time of the trial and whether an offi
cer of the volunteers can be tried by a
court composed of officers of the l-egular
service, counsel for Read contending that
war did not exist in the Philippines and
that the trial was illegal.
Secretary Root decided that a state of
war existed in the Philippines, but has
not finally passed on the other question
involving the legality of the . trial of a
.volunteer officer by a court composed In
part of regular officers, ae that' question
is now pending before a Western court
in the case of another volunteer officer
named Deminj. • .. , • . - ;
Captain Leary Will Betire.
BOSTON. Dec. 11.— On account of Ill
health Captain Richard P. Leary, IT. S.
N., first Governor of Guam, who is now
on sick leave at the Marine Hospital In
Chelsea, has asked to be retired. Having
served more than forty years he can be
retired with the rank and pay of rear
admiral. .
- ADVERTISEMENTS.
What They Want
Buyers of fine whiskey find in .
lT»r 1 It II HTPr
F J35I nil ivi
Highest Grade,
KctSct^^3 It Gratifies
fe • ■ \:;. v rViS^Iwajs^ Satisfies
CHRISTT & WISE COMMISSION CO..
Inc., 223-22S California, st., San
Fraaciseo. Cal.
Telephone Main 873.
SENATORS TALK
OF THE TR EAT Y
Bacon and Cullom Take
Sides on the Canal
Question.
Arguments For and Against
the Measure Are
Advanced. '.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11.— Two speeches
on the Hay-Pauncefote treaty were made
In the executive session of the Senate to
day, one by Senator Bacon in' opposition
to the treaty and the other by Senator
Cullom, the prospective chairman of the
Committee on Foreign 'Relations, in sup
port of it. i .
Bacon referred to the speech made yes
terday by Senator Lodge. He summed up
his objection in the statement that he
could not freely. accept any treaty which
does cot place the isthmian canal entire
ly under American auspices and American
control. This, he. said, the pending treaty
does not do, nor does it do anything li^e
It. It did not by long odds, he said, ac
complish what had been accomplished by
the Senate amendments made to the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty at the last session of
Congress.
The Davis amendment, he said, had ab
rogated all the objectionable provisions of
that treaty as negotiated, and it did not
matter what provisions there were in the
agreement so long: as the United States
was authorized, as it was by the princi
pal Davis amendment, to secure the safe
ty and maintenance of the. canal by its
own force. That amendment had given
this country a free hand to do what was
n*ceesary for the protection and defense
of the canal, whereas the present treaty
carried all the restrictions which were
originally contained in the old treaty,
leaving out the modifications of the Davis
amendment.
Suez Canal Restrictions.
He .also pointed out mat the treaty re
produces tne restrictions of the old Suez
canal treaty, which had been incorporated
in the original convention. He charged
that these restrictions had been copied
almost verbatim from the old treaty, the
only material change being in the omis
sion' of the words "in time of war as in
time of peace," from rule 1 of the Suez
canal agreement. This omission did. not.
in his opinion, change the character of
the agreement. ....
"The only reply," he said, "which the
advocates of the treaty make to the criti
cisms is that the canal would be under
the full Control of the United States in
time of war, but this is no more true uow
than under the old treaty, and it is a
strange thing, that all the. provisions reier
to the control of the canal in war, not
withstanding it is contended here that in
that contingency the .removal of this
phase places the canal under our absolute
control." * . ■ ' ".
He said the war restrictions of the
treaty were entirely inconsistent with the
claims of. Senator Lodge that this coun
try should say who should use the canal
and who should not in case of hostilities.
He contended that the only power given
to the United States which was not given
to Great Britain was found in the last
sentence of regulation 2, providing that
"the -United States shall be at liberty to
maintain such military poMce along tr-e
canal as may be necessary to protect it
against lawlessness and disorder."
This, he said, was not sufficient to make
the canal. an American institution and if
the Davis amendment should be necessary
to render the . original treaty acceptable
it was equally necessary in this instance.
He considered the pending treaty as ob-"
jectionable as the treaty of last session.
The Argument of Cullom.
Senator Cullom congratulated the Sen
ate and the country upon the fact that
there are two things in connection with
the new treaty upon which, he said, prac
tically all are decided. One of these was
the desirability of the supercession of the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty, and the other the
necessity for the construction of an isth
mian canal. He contended that the new
treaty radically changes the conditions
presented by the first Hay-Pauncefote
treaty, clearly relieving it of the necessity
of such an amendment as that made to
the old treaty upon the suggestion of Sen
ator Davis, because the treaty itself
would permit the United States, under
international law, to own, manage and
defend the canal in any way that it may
choose. In other words, he added, in a
war with Great Britain, or with any oth
er power, the treaty would be suspended
under thejlaw which governs nations un
til the war should be concluded, when it
would be revived and again enforced. He
dwelt upon the fact, w.hich he said was
the most important circumstance to be
considered, that the new treaty super
sedes and abrogates tile Clayton-Bulwer
convention of 1S50, and for this reason
would be of untold value to the country.
He admitted that the new treaty re
tains the general principle of neutraliza
tion, as did the original Hay-Pauncefote
treaty, but he urged that it does not re
enact, or keep alive any of the provisions
of the treaty of 1850. While it retains the
doctrine of neutralization, the provision
making the retention applies, the Senator
contended, to all nations alike, but to
none of them for any longer time than
they observe the regulations prescribed
by the United States. When they should
fall in this observance we should close
the canal under the terms of the treaty.
All nations would be placed on terms of
fairness and equality by allowing all to
use the canal in time of peace and shut
ting out all in time of war in case it
should be found desirable to do so. In
short. Senator Cullom urged, there is no
provision In the pending convention which
would interfere with our right as a nation
to close up the waterway to any belliger
ent power.
He contended that the provision in re
gard to the policing of the canal applies
only to its control in time of peace, and
not in time of war. The United States,
being the owne> of the property, under
the terms of the law could control It with
either the police or a military power, as
it might choose, for the protection of our
Government's property.
Referring to the fourth article of the
treaty, which was not contained in the old
treaty. Senator Cullora held that the pro
vision regarding the change of sovereign
ty would make no real difference in the
conditions, as the same rule would apply
if the sovereignty of the country trav
ersed by the canal should come to the
United States. Under, that improbable
condition the canal could be closed in
case of war, just as it could be in case
the sovereignty should . remain where it
now is, as the Senator predicted it would
remain.
CANNIBALS ACTIVE
IN THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11.— Cannibalism
has appeared" in »ie varied list of crimes
charged ■ against Filipinos by American
military courts.
According, to the record of a court-mar
tial convened in the Department of the
Viscayas, P. I., which has been received
at the Wai- Department, Raymoundo
Fonte,- a native, found his working com
panion, Liberato Benliro, sleeping in hia
(Fonte'c). boat. Fonte became enraged,
killed the slumbering man with a blow
of an oar, cut off his nose and ears and,
according to his own confession, cooked
and ate part of the body. He was sen
tenced to be hanged at Capiz, Panay, on
the 13th lnst.
MABCONI IS WAITING
FOB AN OCEAN STEAMEB
ST. JOHNS, N. F.. Dec. ll.-William
Marconi, of wireless telegraphy fame, is
awaiting the arrival In mid-ocean of the
Cunard llne.steamship Lucanla.' He hopes
to open .wireless communication with the
Lucania while -she is still from 250 to 300
miles from the land. .
Marconl-wlll follow the steamer's prog
ress across the long stretch of sea parallel
with "the region beyond the Grand Banks
He expects that these : experiments will
prove the practical utility of the Invention
ot wireless telegraphy beyond dispute.
Navajo Indian Blankets".
New, choice lot received by Skinner Co.,
416 Market street Nothing handsomer for
couch covers. • . _ • •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, r DECEMBER 12, 1901.*
SENATORS RECOMMEND
SPEAR'S REAPPOINTMENT
.California: Representatives in the Upper House Hold a Con
ference in Washington and Decide to Have Surveyor of
Customs Retained in the Position He Holds in This City
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET,
N. W.; WASHINGTON, Dec. 11.
—Joseph 8. Saear Jr. will be re
appointed Surveyor of Customs
for the port of San Francisco.
Senators Bard and Perkins, after a' con
ference to-day, decided to make such rec
ommendation to President Roosevelt. So
it is expected that Spear's nomination
wlU'soon be sent to the Senate. Spearia
now visiting in Washington.
- The Senate has confirmed the following
nominations: William B. Ridgeley, Illi
nois, to be Comptroller of the Currency;
R. S. Pearson, South Dakota, Auditor for
the Interior Department; Harrison Allen,
North Dakota, Deputy Auditor for the
Postoffice Department; George W.Mark,
Assayer in Charge. United States Assay
Office, St. Louis, Mo.
New Collectors Named.
To be Collectors of Internal Revenue;—
H. Ellerman, District of North and South
Dakota; E. B. Stephenson, District ot
Nebraska; J. M. Simpson, District of
Kansas; H. L. Hertz, First District of
Illinois. I.- R.. Mills, Eighth District of
Illinois; P. G. Rennick, Fifth District of
Illinois; E. H. Callister of Utah, District
of Montana. s ** •
To be Consul Generals— John Jenkins,
Nebraska, at San Salvador; William R.
Bingham, Kansas, at Cape Town; George
Heimrod^Nebraska, at Apia, Samoa.
To be Oonsuls— John J. Lander, Nebras
ka, at Solingen, Germany; H. D. Saylor,
Pennsylvania, at Dawson, Alaska.
Medical Director W. K. Van Reypen,
U. S. N.. to be surgeon general of the
navy; Captain R. B. Bradford, U. S. N.,
to be chief of the Bureau of Equipment,
and Captain Charles O'Neill, U.S. N., to
be chief of the Bureau of Ordnance.
The President to-day sent nominations
to the Senate, among them being John C.
Ames, United States Marshal for the
Northern District of Illinois; August Pal
mer. United States Marshal for the Dis
trict of Columbia, and Leo E. Bennett,
United States Marshal for the Northern
District of Indian Territory, all reappolnt
me-nts.
Postmasters— Wyoming, George F. Hoyt,
Cheyenne; Montana— Lonzo H. - Foster,
Boulder; Charles A. Burg, Livingston, i
Changes in the Navy.
Navy— Lieutenant John K. Knapp, to be
lieutenant commander; lieutenant, junior
grade, D. S. Sellers, to be lieutenant; lieu
tenant, Junior grade, Irving V. Glllis, to
be lieutenant. . •
. At a conference to-day . between the
President and Attorney General Knox th'i
President decided to reappolnt the follow
ing United States Judges: . , '
Arizona— Associate Justices, George R.
Davis, Fletcher M. Doan and Richard E.
Sloan.'
New Mexico— Chief JuBtice.'W. J. Mills;
Associate Justices, John R. McFle and
Frank W. Parker.
WOMEN MAKE
PLEA FOR PEACE
MANILA, Dec 11.— General Funston will
sail fpr tho United States' On; December
18 on the transport Warren on sick leave.
Governor Taf t will Bail : for; home I on the
Grant on December 20. He says that the
rumors to the effect that he will nonre
turn here are incorrect. ■ y.\ -
The Women's Peace League, organized
under the leadership of Senorlta Poblete,
a Filipino, has transmitted ' letters. 'With
the permission of General Chaff ee, urging
peace upon the Insurgent general, Mala
var, and other Filipino chiefs. '
These letters remind the , Filipino . lead
ers In the field that the war has destroyed
innumerable homes and - devastated large
territories, all of which, while it abund
antly proves the tenacity of the : insurg
ents and their faith. In their cause, does
not remove the fact that the operations
of American soldiers throughout the isl
ands dally demonstrate the resolution of
the people of the United States to \nake
their sovereignty respected - throughout
the archipelago. The league urges the
leaders to make peace to , avoid greater
evils.. " . '-"■-. -'
The Women's .League- has received a
cablegram to the effect that the Filipino
general, Lukban, who Is in > Samar, is
pleading for a discontinuance of ■hostil
ities. ' ■■ .'.>.■■■-: ,-: \. ■
YOKOHAMA,. Dec. 11.— In replying to-day
to the speech from the throne delivered by the
Emperor yesterday at. the opening 1 of; the Diet
In Toklo the lower house of .-the 'Diet declared
that there were indications or . a disturbance
in the Orient in the near future.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo-Quln!ne Tablets. All
'druggists refund the money It It fails to cure.
E.,\V. Grove" 8 signature is cr. each box, 25c. *
SURVEYOR OF CUSTOMS FOR
THIS PORT, WHO WILL. BE
REAPPOINTED.
Oklahoma— Chief Justice. John H. Bur*
ford; Associate Justices, Bayard T. Hai-i
ner and B. H. Burwell.
ACTION WAS EXPECTED.
Becommendation of the Senators
Prom California Not a Surprise.
The announcement that Senators Bard
and Perkins have recommended to the
President the reappointment of Joseph S.
Spear Jr. for the office of Surveyor of
Customs here will not cause surprise or
regret in California. Th« fact is known
to the California delegation in Congress
that President McKinley gave Spear per
sonal assurance that the latter should be
reappointed, or retained, as Surveyor for
another term.
It was the original purpose of Presi
dent McKinley to appoint Spear Collector
of the Port, but Senator Perkins advo
cated so persistently the appointment of
Colonel J. P. Jackson that the President
finally acquiesced when the Senator
stated that Spear could have his choice
of other Federal positions In this State.
Spear is well, known as an active Re
publican, but he has never contended that
a. Republican who refused to obey ma
chine orders should be outlawed. " He thas
administered the affairs of his office In a
commendable manner, nevor allowing his
Judgment or rulings to be swayed by po
litical considerations. It is highly proba
ble, however, that his . resignation as
chairman of the Fourth * Congressional
District Republican Committee will | soon
be tendered, as the President has ex
pressed a desire, or a determination, that
Federal officeholders shall not.be actively
concerned in the management of party
affairs. "
RARE PROMISE
FOR STOCKMEN
CHICAGO, Dec. 11.— John W. Springer,
president of the National LI vestook, Asso
ciation, returned to-day- from "Washing
ton, where on Monday he had an inter
view with President Roosevelt upon mat
ters now before Congress In which the
stockmen of the country are interested.
Springer expressed himself as fully, sat
isfied that the stock and irrigation-inter
ests will receive just , consideration.
Speaking of the Grout bill introduced in
Congress. Springer , said he Is strongly
against the measure, and added:
The dairy interests have brought all
their influence to bear to secure an " im
mediate passage, of this bill, and I will
not be surprised to see the. measure a law
at an early day." . ,
Speaking of-the packing Interests and,
as he said, the beef growers of the West
and the cotton raisers of the South,
Springer declared that there was but one
way in which the . measure could • be de
;f« j • and was for every man iden
tified with the interests \ opposed to the
Grout bill to write to the Senators repre
senting his State and his Representative
in Congress demanding that they vote
against. It. • ■ . -
i,i?,? rI i* ger d «clared ■ that even should the
?i £ co . me a }aw W W W be contested
through. the Supreme Court of, the United
States. - • .' ■•";..- -. : ■ . '.
Planning for Citrus Pair.
CLOVERDALE, Dec. 11.— At a stock
holders* meeting of ' the Cloverdale Citrus
Fair;ABsociaUQn r last night R. E. ; Baer
and C. E. Mitchell were elected : directors,
The directors will meet in a. few days to
begin arrangements for the annual citrus
fair, which probably., will ,be held duriag
the latter part of February. .'
MINORITY ASKS
NO DIVISION
Agreement Reached on
the Philippine Tariff
Measure.
Louisiana Members Think
Sugar Industry Must Be
'■/■ ?;.-; : ..v, Protected-
WASHINGTON, i Dec. :"ii.- At > meeting
of the Ways and Means Committee to-day
Chairman -P&yne ; was directed /to favor
ably, report to the I House the .Philippine
tariff bill which the Republican members
of the. committee agreed -upon -yesterday.
The report., will be made Friday end the
bill will be considered in the House next
Tuesday, -with a vote at~2 p.m. on Wed
nesday, instead of Tuesday, as first
planned, ..; ; . . r • . , --•
• Some ; surprise . was occasioned at the
failure of the minority of the committee
to aak ' for a division and vote *on the
question of reporting the bill. In the ab
sence of such request no vote was re
corded. Jt was stated, however, . that a
minority report would be presented oy
the Democratic members r opposing the
bill on. general . grpunds, although it l»
doubtful whether Representative Robert
flon. will sign the report.
Numerous conferences of Democratic
members were held prior to the meeting
of the Ways and Means Committee to-day
because of the question which. had arisen
as to united opposition to the Philippine
bill . drafted by Republican members. It
developed . that the four Louisiana mem
bers now In the city— Representatives
Robertson, Meyer, Davy and Ransdell—
were favorable to the bill, and that the
.two. Louisiana members out of the city—
Broussard and Braezeale— probably would
favor it. > ..- - •;..■■■- • / .
The Louisiana members made no con
cealment of the fact that the. sugar In
dustry of their State required the meas
ure of protection against Philippine sugar
which the majority bill gave by, applying
the Dingley rates. Under these circum
stances the minority members reached no
decision as to opposing the bill.. and al
though there will be a minority report op
posing the measure on general i grounds
the Louisiana members will hold them
selves individually free to vote for the
bill.
Secretary Oage has written to Chairman
Payne pointing out that the bill should
provide for a rebate when articles export
ed from this country contain ingredients
imported from the Philippines on which
duty already has been paid. The bill prob
ably-will be amended to conform to this
suggestion.
Pneumonia Finds Another Victim.
DENVER, Dec. U.— Mlsa Margaret
Johnston died of pneumonia at the
Homeopathic Hospital thia morning. She
was the fourth member of the family lo
die within six days of the same disease.
The last remaining daughter of the fam
ily, Miss Elizabeth Johnston, is ill, but
pneumonia has not yet developed in her
case. The Johnston family numbered ten
persons a week ago. Of the six surviving
members one, James E. Johnston, Is -a
resident of Los Angeles.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\i _ ; — _ : X O
Thousand
Gifts
—just such, as men like to
receive from men and are
proud to • receive from"
women — are here.
How about these:
Alligator Club Bag—
Leather-lined; pocket, in-
side; new Vienna handle; ,
brass trimminsf, N
$4.50.
English Squares—
Novelty neckdress;
changeable colors: new
small figures, to harmonize
with the new shirts.
v $1.50.
Fancy Suspenders—
Silk embroidered, gold-
plated buckles: self-adjust-
ing, kid ends; in box,'
$3.00.
• WalKinjj Gloves—
The reliable Fowne's
single-clasp; correct win- ;
ter hand-dress. > •]
<a*i CA *
Swell Bath Robe—
Oriental design. and color-
- ing; heavy tassel and cord;
suggests comfort,
$600
Full Dress MvlHers—
and Reefers. Rich, black
silk; lined,' -V •■•
QAW FPANfitfA 1028-1030 v
sAa rKAH U2UJ, m ark sr t t.
ftAKI ANI1 1 157-1 is©
UAALAKV, WASHINGTON ST.
Dr.Lyoii's
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a Qnarter of a, centtixyv
< . APVEBTISEaiEMTS.
s u t n^II SENATOR THURSTON,
The BpHIia'nt Statesman From Nebraska,
Makes an Important Public Utterance,
INTERIOR OF UNITED STATES SENATE CHAMBER.
Ex-Senator John M. Thurston of Omaha, Nebraska, is one of the most
prominent and Influential men In the country. He made the speech nominating
President McKinley at the St. Louis convention, and was made permanent
Chairman of this convention. He was also made Chairman or the convention
that renominated President McKlnley at Philadelphia. He was recently appoint-
ed bv President McKinley Chairman of the St. Louis Exposition Commission.
This prominent gentleman recently wrote the following letter to The Peruna
Medicine Co. of Columbus, Ohio: . '-*...;•
Washington, D. C, April 6, 1901.'
"I have used P'aruna at various times during the past year or two
"It entirely relieved me from an irritating cough — the result of
excessive effort in the presidential campaign, and I am a firm believer in
its efficacy for any such trouble." — Jno. U. Thurston.
Catarrh has already become a national remedy as a catarrh cure has been srow-
curse. Its ravages extend from ocean Ing In favor steadily all these years,
to ocean ■ It stands to-day before the nation as a
More than one-half of the people are thoroughly tested, accurately scientific
O ff O «IL v, u %* h.» h./. n tnT «n#»h a Internal remedy for catarrh. There are
affected by It. It has become auch a actlcalJ no °\ me dicinal rivals In the
serious matter that It has passed the fl e id.
boundaries of the medical profession and peruna. Is not a local application or.
become a national question. Senators are temporary relief; It Is a permanent cure W
talking about it; Congressmen, are d*s- peruna Is a systemic remedy. It eradi-j
cussing It. cates catarrh from the system. It cures'
They are not only considering the ex- catarrh wherever located. Its cures are
tent and chronic nature of the disease, radical and lasting.
but the possibility of finding a national Therefore, Peruna is receiving the en-
remedy to meet this national calamity. dorsement of the leading statesmen and
The catarrh remedy, Peruna, seems to history-makers of the day.
be the main expectation in this direction. Address the Peruna Medicine Co., Co-
Dr. Hartman, ■ President of the Hart- lumbus, O., for a book of testimonials,
man Sanitarium, devised the remedy, containing letters from prominent men
Peruna, over forty years ago, and the and women concerning Peruna.
ADVEBTISETVrFTWTS.
AT
AUCTION
CONTINUATION
EXTRAORDINARY
AUCTION SALE
. OF REAL ESTATE d •
WILLIAM A. PIPER
ESTATE.
December 16th, 1901.
Tbe following choice and select list of ImproTed »Bu
Bnimproved properties will be sold (or the heirs of tho
late William A. I'iper, at our salesroom, Monday,
December 16, 1901, at 12 o'clock noon, by order of Gas-
lave H. Urr.bsen, sole referee, subject to confirmation
by the Superior Court.
Northeast Cor. Slitter and Gobgh Sts.
This cboicn corner would 'pay handsomely if properly
ImproTed. Lot 70x120, three frontages.
1450, 1452, 1454, 1456 Se 1458 Franklin St.
Southeast corner Bosh St. This choice investment
consists of two comers, with five elegant 2-story and
basement houses of 14 rooms and bath each. Beats
1315 per month Lot 120x114.6. ,
— Also — •
Two desirable building lots, 35x120 each, fronting on
Bosh fet. and Fern Ato. Will be sold separately.
1213 to ISifi Polk St.
Southeast corner Bosh St. This choice business
property consists of two corners, and is close to the
transfer point of Sutter and Polk Sts. Improvements
consist of eizht stares and three flats, with fram«
buildings, Nos. 13-25-1329 Bush St. Bents $390 per
month. Lot 120x150, three frontages.
MeAUister St.
Near junction of Market and Jones Sts. This choln
business property could bs made to yield handscaeiy if.
pronerly improved. Lot 123x37.6, irregular.
' _ City Hall Avenne.
Bntween' Leavenwo'rth and City Hall Square. Two
ehoica building lota, 25x100 each.
213 Washington St.
Between Front and Bavin Sts. Improvements consist
of frame building. Bents S j0 per month. Lot 22x130 to
Oregon St.
potbkko. ; v:
Portion of Block 441, lot 100x400, three frontages.
» " •• 466," 100x400, three frontage*. -
u j M a 492, " l&CxSOO, two frontages.
i/^, •• u 61 £ u icox 100, three fronUgesj. \
« " " 812, " 100x200, two frontagw.
" * " 475, •» 100x300, two frontages.
» •» .» 5U, " 100x400, three ftontagca. ' ■-
•* . *• , » 62U, " 200x200, three frontages.
5 -T ;?."..' ** " 518," 100x150, two frontage*.
Gift Map No. 3.
EI«i« St.. vest line, between Esmeralda and Oc»
Its. I«U 364, 366, 367 and 36?, 25x70 each.
For eatalognes and further particulars, apply to
G. IX. ITMBSEX ft CO. *
■ 14 MontRomery StT»«t. .
■ ■* . .- ; ".- .• .
:. : /^Hffi^WEAK-|
and
WOMEN
Can obtain renew.
/ / *fr$jj»j&Z$!&&ft\ y ' Y, lsor by **", ua * °'
'S'rFxi Vv^* "BLSCTEIOBSLr*
' fcBd Appliances.' Drugs do not cure. Elec-
tricity is the remedy! Buy no Belt until
you see Dr. Pierce' j. tor it Is the BEST.
Thousands cured! .' ■■
E7 Call at of flea or "lend a Ze stamp for
»«w "Booklet No. I."' Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO..V2M^Pott •*.. San Fran-
' cisco. Eastern office— 1145 Broadway, H»w
Tcrk. •;». >£g7gt| • ' ■.. ." ■:
BAJA CALiFORNlA
Damiana Bitters
18 s A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. ■
The", most " wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexeo.
The Mexican Remedy fop Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own. merits. -
NABER. ALFS A BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market st.. S. F.— (Send top Circulars.)
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YAB3- AND VALLEJO
Stosuwn ;GB».i : FRI3BIE or MONTICELLa
1:45 «. m., 1:15." and 8:30 n, in., except Sun-
day. Sunday, »:45 a. m., 3^30 p. m. Leavej
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, <p. m. exc«»c
fiur-day. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. F^r* U
cents. Telephone Main 15CS. Landing aad
utOce/ pier. z. Misalpu-»rtr*« dock. - HATC'li
liliOS. ". ■ .;
OCEA2T TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
L Steamer* leaT* Broadway
tSt.. Wharf. San Francisco:
IBSEaSB&fc, For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
KSfiS^i, Dec. 3, 7. 13. 17. 23. 27, Jaa. 1.
I<n2aIS Change to company** steam-
I^JkIv^I « rs at Seattle.
K®r*Q-«sll For Victoria Vancouver (B.
HBgnii C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
i f Tacoma, Everett and New
whatcom fWash.>— 11 a. m..
Dec 2 7 li 17 ». 27. Jan - Ch" 1 ** ** **"
aVtle for Ss Mmpanj*. ■teamer. for Alaaka
and ON. By.; at Seattle or Tucoma tor N,
*' For onlyat Santa Bar-
bara. Port tx» Anetles i and Bedondo (Loa An-
geles)-Steanier.Santa Bosa, Sundays. 9 a^ ra.
Steamer 8tat« of CaL. .Wtdnesdays, »*. m. ,
For Los Angele», calUnj »tS"t»f55,"»; *
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
toula Oblspo). Gavlota. ***"***'}>***>
tura. Haeneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro ,
and Newport-Steamer Corona. Saturdays, • -
*"FoV Ensenada, Magfdalena Bay, Sanlow det
Cabo. MazaUan. Altatsu L* Paa. Santa Bosa- .
lla and Guaymas (Mex>-1(> a. m.. Tth of each
montn
For further Information obtain the. company's
The company reserves the- right to ehanr»
steamers, salllns days and hours of saflln*
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO,
Only t3tmm.mm'hLl%» Xjlzae* to
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points Cast. Through Tickets to all
point!*, al* rail or steamshlo and rail, at
IjO-WEST RATES.
STEAMEH TICKETS INCLUDE BISTHaad MSAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails. .Dec 14. 24. Jan. S. 13
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Dec. 19. 29. Jan. 8. 13
Steamer sails from foot Of Spear st., 11 a. m,
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen.Agt.. 1 Montg'y, g.F.
TOYO RISEN KAISDA.
STEAMEBS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COB-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at j
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and ',
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for ■
India, etc. No cargo received oa board oa
day of salllnr.
S.S. NIPPON MARTJ
Wednesday. December XL 1301
S.S AMERICA MARU
; Saturday, January 4. 1301
S.S HONGKONG MARTJ
Thursday. January 19. 1901 ,
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. In
freight and passage apply at company's office*
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LING.
IX ▼ TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. L0SD03. FtSSa
Stopping at Cherbourg-, westbound.
From New York Wednesday* at 10 a. ra.
St. Louis Dec. 18(Zeeland ..— Jan. 8
Philadelphia Dec. 25 St. Louis Jan. IS
St. Paul Jan. llPhilad*]T»hla ....Jan. 23
RED STAR LIN2;
W«w York and Antwerp.
From New York "Wednesday at 12 noon.
Southwark Dec 18 'Zeeland Jan. 8
•Vaderland ......Dec. 25 Frlesland Jan. 15
Haverford ... Jan. 1 Southwark ......Jan. 22
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS." D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. TO Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Yapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Salllns from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
TTJCAPELk Dec. 23ILOA „
AREQTJ1PA Jan. 4IPERU 511
These steamers are built expressly for Cen- V
tral and South American passenger serviced l
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight '
and paasenirer office. 318 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
occanics.s.co.ShSI
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu „
Saturday, Dec. 14, 3 p: m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney.. ..Thursday. Dec. 28. 10 a: m.
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti •
........Jan. 4. "02,<10 a. m.
I D.SPUEMEIS k mi. CD., teem Anils, 327 Varinftt
Csn'l Pas&ngvQfflss, 843 lariat St f Pierlo.7. PacSatt
PANAMA R. R,
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA D1HECF.
Cabin, $105; Steerage, J JO; ileala Fre*. '
S. S. Leelanaw coil* Monday, Cec. 23
S. S. Arftyll . «aU» Tharsdmy, Jan. 23
«. S. Lee'anaw »=«11^ Monday. . Feb. . 3
From 'Howard-street wharf J at J p; nu'-'- •• "
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Ageat. ,
C0XPAS51S 6ENSSALS TSA N3ATLA^TiqU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. -^^^_ .
Hailing every Thursday. Instead ot
fcaturday, at 10 a. ra.. Irom pter 42, ■JSitS.'CS* <gj
North River, toot of Morton street. • 'f
First class to Havrj. $70 and upward. Second >
class to Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAL)
AGENCT- FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). Nvw .
York. - J. F. FUGAZI * • CO.. Faclflo Coajt
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San . Franciscan .
Tickets sold by al] Railroad Ticket Amenta. >VANDERBILTS AID
THEIR NEPHEWS
Will Adjust Affairs of
Collapsed Tacoma
Bank.
Depositors Are Clamoring to
Know What Has Become
of Their Money.
Special Diep&tcb to The Call.
TACOMA. Dec 11.— There are Beveral
Indications that George and William K.
Vaoderbilt will assist In settling the af
fairs of the Metropolitan Bank, which
fa^ed three weeks ago yesterday. Chief
among these was the arrival here to-day
of Charles McXamee, business manager
for George Vanderbilt, who came direct
from Biltmore, N. C, at the personal re
quest of Mr. Vanderbilt to investigate the
situation and make a thorough report on
the condition of the bank's assets. These
are of less vaule than was supposed, it be
ing said by men who claim to know that
they are not sufficient to pay more than
from 10 to 20 cents on the dollar.
The bank had deposits of nearly $500,000.
yet on the evening before It failed the
Tacoma clearing-house refused to ad
vance more than a comparatively smaU
sum on the showing of assets privately
made. No statement of the assets has
been made public, and deep mystery ex
ists as to what became of, the money of
the depositors. It is claimed that officers
of the bank made large loans to them
selves and that some of the bank's at
taches speculated in mining, grain and
other stocks. .
The bank's most prominent officers are
Philip Caesar, president, and Jacob Van
derbilt, assistant cashier, who are neph
ews of George and William K. Vanderbilt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
2d Edition.
first Across
the Continent
By Noah Brooks.
» Castrations by Yohn, Frost. Seton- ■
Thompson, and others.
Tbe fizst eooeise end scoor&te account of
the first exploration of our Great treat, d»-
taUlsr Jaxjely la their own words the famous
»drectures or
LEWIS and CLARK.
**A popular account, to Interest reader*
rouztff and old. of the earliest expedition con-
ducted by white men across tbe continent ot
North America."— The Outlook.
$L5O
(postage 18 cents).
A new and spirited
writer for boys,
i The Outlaws of
Horseshoe Hole
A story of the Moctini VI jibntes.
By Francis Kill.
Illustrated by
RUFUS F. ZOGBAUM.
$LOO net
(postage 13 cents).
CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS,
New York.
World Famous Marian! Tonic
A SMALL WINEGLASSFUL IS
A LARGE DOSE OF
> Health, Strength and Vigor.
At Druggists 9 throughout the World.
CALIFORNIA
i iBfliTrn
UivilfnJ
to CHICAGO
The maximum comfort
combined with highest speed
is 'secured on this celebrated
train.
It runs over the
SANTA FE
I From Saa Francisco, daily, 9 A. M
J Ticket Office — 641 Market Street
BR. BALL'S EEINYlfiORATOR^JSl
Stop* all losses In 2i hours. Five R&siSfc 1
hundred reward lor any case we B*»» »||
4fonet cure. This eecret remedy tf -. _B
c«.-e» Emissions. ■ Impotency.- FSJ£* >-*j
Vlricocele. Oonorrhoea. Gleet. fffPl 7Tn
Strictures. Dralne. Lost Man- MjU dafc
hoc! and all other wagtinjr er- f*8%*J?ih
f«cte of self-abuse or excesses, w""-™" 1 *
«eat celled. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5: guaranteed
to cure anV <ase. Call or address order*
HALF'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 86E Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 10.3&
ct.. a T. Send tor tree book.
OFFICIALS
IN EL PASO
GAIN CLEW
Man Resembling Fleish
man Passes Through
Texas City.
Buys Ticket to Guadalajara
and Acquires *Fund, of
Mexican Money.
Police of Los Angeles Are Beset
With Theories as to Where
abouts of the Bank
Fugitive.
EL PASO. Tex., Dec. 11.— Acting upon
advices received from the Los Angeles
authorities of the possibility of Absconder
Fleishman passing through El Paso the
local police have made a careful- Investi
gation of all passengers from California
getting off at this point and believe that
they are In possession of facts throwing
light on the cashier's disappearance.
On Sunday morning a passenger giving
his name as N. T. Myers, got off the
Sunset Limited, which left California on
Saturday morning. At Silberberg Broth
ers' brokerage office he bought $840 worth
of Mexican money and a ticket from this
point to Guadalajara, Mexico. When
asked by one of the police officers to
describe Myers, R. Silberberg gave a de
scription which tallied almost exactly
with that sent to the Chief of Police here
by the Los Angeles authorities.
In his conversation with Mr. Silberberg
the stranger said he was going to the
west coast of Mexico. He seemed anx
ious to catch the Mexican Central south
bound passenger train, which left El
Paso at 10:10 a. m.
Police Beset "With Theories.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 11.— Police ener
gies have been directed in the channel of
following up every clew and theory which
might throw some light on the where
abouts of Henry J. Fleishman. As far
as definite results were obtained, the hunt
proved fruitless. The search has, how
ever, resulted in the elimination of sev
eral of the theories advanced and con
centrated police endeavors on two lines.
it?hese are:
V First— That the fugitive left for Mexico
!jy way of the Sunset Limited on Satur
day morning.
Second— That he did not go by the Sun
pet Limited when he was seen at the Ar
cade depot last Saturday morning, teut
doubled back into Los Angeles, and either
is In hiding here, or has gone out of the
city by the northern route, leaving by the
Owl train of Saturday evening. ■
The theory that he went by the Sunset
Limited Is falling into disfavor. The au
thorities have the statements of the
trainmen that no man answering Fleish
man's description was on- the train. Add
ed to this the police have Information that
the fugitive was seen in Pasadena on
Saturday morning, and if this was the
ease he could not have been' on the train.
Then there is the statement of a real es
tate broker named McCord that 'he saw
Fleishman in Los Angeles on Saturday.
Saw Fleishman on Saturday.
TV. J. Variel, an attorney, says that a
man whom he has known casually for
many years told him to-day that he saw
Fleishman as late as Saturday afternoon
at the Arcade depot, just- prior to the de
parture of "the Owl. If* Mr. Variel's in
formant la certain of the day on which
he saw Fleishman, this would dispose of
the Mexican theory.
The Owl is well patronized by residents
of Los Angeles and San Francisco, in
both of which cities Fleishman is widely
known to the class of people who travtl
by that particular train. This has driven
the authorities back to the idea that
Fleishman is still in the city, and their
acceptance of this theory has led to a
vigorous search of the haunts in which he
was known.
There are many circumstances in the
case which show that Fleishman had no
evident Intention of getting out until Sat
urday morning, and then made his final
decision only after he had discovered on
Saturday that Amalgamated Copper had
dropped below the figure at which he
could carry the stock.
Hard Pressed for Iffoney.
There are many who believe, from the
fact that he offered the stock of the Los
Angeles Times as collateral for a loan no
later than Friday, that he was hard
pressed for money, in spite of the fact
that he had previously stolen large sums
from the bank. •
Charles Seyler Sr. has been elected
cashier of the Farmers' and Merchants'
Bank to succeed Fleishman. The appoint
ment came to Seyler as a surprise. He
will assume the duties of the position im
mediately. He has been summoned to ap
pear before the board to-morrow and to
go over some matters ■with Mr. Hell man
relative to the bank's business. As soon
as he can do eo he will relinquish all con
nection with his present position— that of
local freight and ticket agent for the
Southern Pacific Railway Company— and
devote his entire attention to the duties of
his new place. Mr. Soyler has been a
resident of Los Angeles sixteen years.
'Previous to his coming hither he was
traveling auditor for the Southern Pacific,
with headquarters In San Francisco. He
ADVTD&TISEMCENTS.
Marriage is very largely an accident.
.In few cases do men or -women set up a
etandard of manly or womanly excellence
'and choose by It. In- most cases people
become engaged as the result of pro-
pinquity rather than because of any deep
'rooted preference. ,
And so it often
happens that the E^^SI
•wife enters uoon j^Tz^& ■
the obligations of /^FSlxtj
maternity just as
thoughtlessly as WlglWj a^
6he entered on the f7^^^P/V
marriage relation, J^Scw^i/
becajise no one M^J^W l&
has warned her Mf^*»£» )\
of the dangers she R£4sw3 fifMS.
Thousands of l' ; flii'(\
women . become Wflffj Vr/v < *«v'
invalids for lack LW f |' uifiji |A
of knowledge of J f ' 'I l J lili\
themselves. It is \v3 V i*| f_% \
to this large body j W 1 . fjl| \ tV\
of women that Dr. 2 f I I V Rfl iA^\
Pierce's Favorite i q f *Q&j"i\*\.
Prescription * .
comes as a priceless boon, because it
jcures womanly ills.
j w Favorite Prescription" establishes
.regularity, dries weakening drains, heals
.'inflammation and ulceration and cures
'female weakness. It makes weak women
strong, sick women well.
"After my first child was born," writes Mrs.
Jordan Stout, of Fawcettgap, Frederick'Cp., Va.,
/"my health was very poor for a long time, and
'last winter I was so Dad with pain down in bade
I could -hardly move without {Treat suffering.
{My husband pat me a bottle of Dr. Pierce's Fa-
, vorite Prescription and a vial of his ' Pleasant
'■ Pellets,' which I used as directed. In four days
I was greatly relieved, and now. after using the'
-tnediclne three months, I seem to be entirely
well. I can't see why it is that there are so
,misy Buffering: women when there is such an
■easy tray to be cured. I know your medicines
Bre'the be6t in the world."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets the fa-
! vorite family " laxative. • - One * Pellet ' a
, laxative, two ' Pellets ' a cathartic dose.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1901.
MRS. ALLEN GIVES CLEW
DAMAGING TO HUSBAND
Santa Clara County's Sheriff Arrests Woman Suspected of
Knowledge of the Murder of Joseph Griffiths and Pris
* r oner Intimates That a Love Affair Led to the Tragedy
-«■ L_ " ■ . A
SAN JOSE, Dec. 11.— Mrs. Margaret
Allen, who, with her husband,
Charles Allen, is suspected of
complicity in the murder of
Joseph Griffiths in Grass Valler.
was arrested in the Western Hotel at noon
to-day by Sheriff Langford. As was ex
pected the arrest of the woman bids fair
to speedily clear the mystery that cloaks
the killing of Griffiths. While she denied
knowledge of the tragedy her first state
ment supplied a clew that offers a motive
for the removal of Griffiths. Mrs. Allen
declared that she had left home because
her husband was enamored of Rosie
Hayes a woman who conducts a resort
near Grass Valley. Incidentally she de
clared that Griffiths was her husbands
rival for the affections of Rosie Hayes.
This rivalry may have led to the crime
which was uncovered several days ago
when the body of Griffiths was found at
the bottom or an abandoned mine shaft
at the rea r o f Charles Allen's dwelling.
Mrs. Allen is a plain looking ; womaa^of
about 32 years and very shabbily dressed.
She came to this city yesterday afternoon
from Oakland and registered as Mrs.
Smith. When arrested she was preparing
to take a position at housework in a Len
zen avenue residence. At first she demea
that she was Mrs. Allen, but. subsequent
ly admitted her identity.
Mrs. Allen denies all knowledge of the
murder of Griffiths, and says she knows
her husband is not guilty. Because of
the jealousy and cruel treatment of, her
husband- and' the attentions he. paid to
Rosie Hayes, she says; she ran away
from home about four weeks ago. That
night and the next day she walked to
Marysville. She remained there three
weeks. There she met Richard 'Bennetts.
She borrowed some money from him ; and
the two came to Oakland. - She then left
When told she was charged with hav
ing guilty knowledge of yie murder she
broke down and began crying.
"The last time I saw Griffiths," said Mrs.
Allen, "was a few days before he disap
peared. My husband and I were In the
garden pulling up some weeds when Grif
fiths came along. My husband spoke to
him and asked him where he was going.
Griffiths said he had been on a spree."
Mrs. Allen said she had left her husband
once before because of the attentions he
paid the Hayes woman. At one. time she
had been a friend of Rosie Hayes. Her
husband and Griffiths frequently met at
the woman's home, and she had been
warned that the men would have trouble.
Mrs. Allen's sister, Mrs. KItto, had told
her that the two would fight and she
would "lose her husband."
Mrs. Allen declares her belief that the
Indians killed Griffiths, because of the
breaking up of the home of Toley Durgie,
their chief, by Griffiths. After Griffiths'
disappearance Mrs. Allen says she had
heard that Griffiths; with two Indiana,
had been seen together near Grass Valley.
Allen's Boys Make Confession.
Sheriff Getchell of Nevada County, who
arrived here this evening to take Mrs.
Allen back to Grass Valley, ■ has = given
the first intimation regarding the evidence
in his possession. He says the mystery
has been in the employ of the railway
company for more than thirty years.
Fleishman's Female Companion.
BAKERSFIBLD, Dec. 11.— The identity
of the handsome woman In black who
was in company with H. J. Fleishman,
the defaulting cashier of the Farmers'
and Merchants' Bank of Los Angeles,
during his visit to this city on November
8 last has been established. She proves
to' be • Mrs. Marie V. Cunningham, a
"beauty doctor" of Los Angeles — the
woman whom the Los Angeles authori
ties have questioned as to her knowledge
of the whereabouts of the missing man.
The couple kept close company during
thier stay in this city and Mrs. Cunning
ham was • Introduced to some of Fleish
man's friends.
Those in Bakersfield who were well ac
quainted with Fleishman and who were
slow to believe that he was guilty of a
defalcation have now arrived at the con
clusion that the situation Is as bad as it
has been painted. The visit of* Fleishman
and his female companion to this city is
now freely discussed. However, the idea
Is not entertained that Mrs./ Cunningham
was in any way responsible 'for the cash
ier's criminal act. Instead, it is said she
would have advised against any such pro
cedure, and, besides, it is said she had
no claim on. Fleishman further than that
of one friend upon another.
Downfall Not Due to Women.
A merchant of this city, who was reared
with Fleishman . and ■ is In a position to
know something concerning his tempera
ment, says that in his opinion no woman
had anything to do with the crime com
mitted by the cashier.
"Wall street led him to the act," he
said. "Wall-street speculation alone is re
sponsible for his undoing. Fleishman was
a man who was fond of woman's com
pany, but he was not a man who would
allow himself to become entangled in an
affair with a woman which would eause
him to steal the amount of money he Is
accused of taking. . t
"The fact that Mrs. Cunningham was In
company '.with Fleishman in this city at
the time • he was , called here as a wit
ness In the Forsythe forgery case has no
significance, so far as the theft , is ..con
cerned. Mrs. Cunningham had no power
over him which would place him in any
financial difficulty. . His trouble was
brought about through his speculations."
At the .. close of the Forsythe case, on
the afternoon when Fleishman was here,
he and Mrs. Cunningham and a gentle
man of this city were seen driving. \When
Fleishman departed for Los Angeles the
woman also left, saying that she was go
ing to San - Francisco. , < - ...
BALKS .AT MARRIAGE,
THEN DESERTS HUSBAND
Girl Who Reluctantly * Becomes a
Bride Elees Prom. Her Some
.'"..-'. : - • :. the ITeit Day.
'TACOMA, Dec. ■ 11.— Although V married
on November 29,. John Aust of Boysfort
has been unable to enjoy his. wife's soci
ety for more .than a few hours. His bride"
was Miss ' Olene Oveson. They had ' been
WOMAN WHO MAT TELL HOW
JOSEPH GRIFFITHS MET HIS
DEATH.
has been solved, and Griffiths'. -murderers
will be punished. Two sons of Charles
Allen, aged 12 and 14 years, : have given
evidence, it < is said, that may convict
their father and the Indian, Tolie Durgie,
of the crime. ;
Sheriff Getchell has been. busy hunting
the suspects since -the' finding' of, the body
of Griffiths, and the Grand Jury has been
busy gathering evidence. This shows, so
the Sheriff claims, that Charles Allen and !
the Indian killed Griffiths and that Mrs. 1
Allen was 'a witness of the murder.
On the day of tbe disappearance of
Griffiths, April 15 last, the latter called
at the home of the Aliens in the after
noon, but left after a short stay. He re
turned, however, between 4 and 5 o'clock
in the evening with a jug of whisky. '■ Just
what occurred is not known, but a night
of revelry was passed by Allen, Griffiths,
the Indian, who had come in later, and
Mrs. Allen. It is supposed the party be
came intoxicated and a fight ensued^
probably because of the jealousy of Al
len. In the combat Griffiths was killed,
and Allen and the Indian carried the
body to the old shaft, which i3 about forty
feet back of the Allen house. This is the
theory Sheriff Getchell evolves from the
evidence in his possession.
Bennetts' Share in Case.
The two Allen boys have been before
the Grand Jury and they have broken
down, told the story of the night's de
bauch, and given evidence against Allen,.
Durgie and their mother. They have been
ordered into the custody of the court, to
be held as witnesses. •
Sheriff Getchell says Mrs. Allen is a
crafty woman. He declares that she left
Grass Valley and went to Marysville with
Bennetts in a wagon and then to Oak
land, and that Bennetts intended to join
her here. The Sheriff will take both back
to Grass Valley to-morrow.
lovers for months, but were separated re
cently when the young woman went to
Napavine, ten miles away, to become a
companion in the family of a married
friend.. She set -Thanksgiving for their
wedding day, and Aust made elaborate
preparations for the event. He procured
a marriage license showing him to be 22
and the girl 19 years old. The girl's step
father accompanied him, and they had
the written consent of" her mother.
When Aust drove to Napavine for his
bride she suddenly balked and declined
to accompany him back to Chehalis to
be married. The next day friends of both
went down to Napavine. and Olene con
sented to have the ceremony performed.
Aust then drove to Napavine for a sec
.ond time and she returned with him. ' ■
S Arriving at Chehalis the girl again de
clined to be married. The next day she
changed her mind and the couple were
married by Rev. Mr. Monfort of the
Presbyterian church. She answered the
marriage questions clearly and 'firmly
On the day following Mrs. Aust declared
that she preferred living in Napavine and
returned there with John Curtice, with
whose family she had been, living. She
told her husband she would get her cloth
ing at Curtice's and return to him. This
she has not done. •■
Yesterday Aust went to Napavine and
served formal notice on the Curtices to
cease illegally detaining his wife.
LAWSON MAKES CHANGES
IN TB-INITY COTJNTX"
General Manager H. A. Keller and
. His Staff Are Asked to
Step Out. ..
REDDING, Dec. 11.— The hard "bear
ing" of Amalgamated Copper stock, with
the reported heavy losses of Thomas W.
Lawson, may have had something to' do
with the retirement In this countv of
General Manager . H. A. Keller and the
officials of his staff on the Trinity Copper
Company, a Boston corporation at the
head of ; which is Lawson, and which is
installing an immense copper mining and
smelting plant in ■■> this county. Perhaps
the state i of Amalgamated Copper had
nothing to do with the sweeping changes
of the Trinity Company officials, but cer
tain it is that - the announcement to-dav
of the retirement of Keller and his staff
has created more - local interest tnan any
mining news in this district since the sale
of the Bully .Hill mine to Captain "De
Lamar., : ......
No cause is given forKellerja dismissal
and no successor has yet been appointed
It Is said x the ; development of the com
pany's mines was not, satisfactory to the
directors. One of the directors, ' i Louis
Auerbach, arrived here on ' Monday from,
the main office in Boston. To-day he
announced that the retirement of Keller
and his associates had been asked for.
Subscribe f orVThe Daily Call for a
period of six months and. you will be
entitled to - receive a copy of ; Cranvs
Superior; Atlas of the Worjd, edition
or ■. 1901,' at the; premium rate of
$1150. :
MATTEAWAN
GOES DOWN
WITH CREW
Indians Find Wreckage
of Big Collier Near
"Flattery.;/
Little Hope lor the Thirty-
One Men Who Sailed on
the Vessel.
Name of the Craft Appears on Flot
/ sam Washed Up On the
Beach After the Be
'■}':. cent Storm.
SEATTLE, Dec> 11.— It is reported from
Neah Bay that' wreckage with the name
"Matteawan"'on pieces of it has washed
ashore, fourteen, .miles south of Cape
Flattery. . The find was made about a
week ago' by, natives. ;. .
News from the north that wreckage
from the collier Matteawan has been
picked up near I Cape Flattery confirms
the fear that the .vessel has gone down
with all on board* Jhe big steamship left
Nanaimo ten days ago, and was not
spoken thereafter. * Since / that time there
have: been terrific gales along- the north
eyi coast, and, as ■ the Matteawan ..was
heavily laden, her absence ' soon aroused
the keenest anxiety in shipping circles.
This fear kept constantly increasing, and
that little hope of the vessel's safety was
entertained- was shown- by the rates of
fered for reinsurance. - v
On Tuesday there were no quotations.
Yesterday morning . 20 per cent was of
fered. Later in the day the rate went
up' in bounds until, at. tfie close of busi
ness hours, 35 per cent -was the prevailing
rate, with few willing to . run the ; risk
even» at that tempting figure. ' ; .■
James; Jerome, the agent, was frequent
ly •' asked ; yesterday by relatives of such
members « of the • crew as -reside here for
information about the vessel, but he
hs£T not received any advices. The Mat
teawan carried a crew of thirty-one men,
but as the captain signed ithe majority
Jerome .has no record * of • their names.
H3 said: ":--. . ':
All I know about the crew is that Captain
Crosscup, who resides in Oakland, is in com
mand. The first officer's name is Hastings,
and he comes from Tacoma; Wilson Is the sec
ond officer and, I. think, Is a resident of this
city; the chief engineer Is also named Wilson,
and I think he resides In Oakland. I have
given special Instructions to the captains ot our
four ahlps that are now at sea to keep a care
ful watch for the Matteawan. The Progreso
and the Washtenaw are northward bound, and
the South Portland and the Edith are coming
this way. Besides all other steam vessels will
keep a lookout for ; the 'delayed V vessel. The
weather has been bad off the Oregon coast, and
it is probable that her machinery has broken
down. We do not fear for her ultimate safety.
The Matteawan v was a steel screw
steamer of 3301 tons net, and was built
in 1893 at Newcastle, England, by J.
Readhead & Sons. She was formerly
called the Asturian Prince. The Mattea
wan was 336 feet long, 42 feet in beam and
18 feet 3 inches deep.- Her cargo consist
ed of 4S00 tons of coal.
FINDS BARK AT ANCHOR.
Tug Tyee Tows French Craft Pinmore
Into Harbor. r ; -V''
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Dec. 11.— The
tug Tyee passed up the straits this after
noon -having in tow the bark Pinmore.
The . bark was found anchored off Grays
Harbor in eighteen fathoms of water.
t] order §
Every day adds more §1
people to our list of cus-j : f
j tomers who are satisfied
that we make the best I.
suit to order for the low- ]
• | est price, considering qual- \
j ity, of any place in San -€|
0§lk Our regular customers J|pi§
i||||P order here year after year, i@Sm
Wm for they know from ex-
Wl' • perience that the suits are { 11
W well made and that they j - Jl
'* /, fit and .wear satisfactorily. \
• I As: protection to : old I
customers and encourage- |
-. 4$r- ment to new ones we say: i y
:^|L_ /,, If the suit is not satisfac- 4
SS^ 0 tory in every way we will I
®^^P , .^ alter it, make you a new j g|
||J||j|||r % , one at no extra cost or re- I! Jibji
(|| \^ Uurn your money. Thblj _Jf|||§jk
1 1 ! guarantee goes with every ] -^HjfP'
\ : ':$i5 suits— you can affcrc J ii
i , to try us, for we take the I I i
f, !; We, give samples fcr
: the asking.
i Suits satisfactorily mads for out- JM
: of-town customers through our self- i^^^^L
measuring system— write '■ for samples II Km Ha Bb. '
'l$-N-W00P$>f() W
T18 Market Street and I WW
i Cor. Powell and Eddy. n | |
ENDS HIS LIFE
IN CATHEDRAL
Resident' of Truckee
Kills Himself in
Sacramento.
Albert Bel aine Selects House
of Worship as Scene of \
His Suicide.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. U.— The great
Catholic Cathedral tower had scarcely
ceased reverberating the. Angelus this
morning when in the north portico of the
building a man was found lying In a pool
of blood, with a bullet hole through his
head and a tightly clenched revolver in
his hand. He was breathing faintly and
a few hours after his removal to the Re
ceiving Hospital he died without having
returned to consciousness. Documents on
his person indicated that his name was
Albert Belaire and his home Truckee. In
one of his pockets were found a number
of leaflets explanatory of the teachings
of the Church of the Latter Day Saints.
Belaire was about 45 years of age and
of fine physique. He was a Knight of
Pythias and the local lodges have taken
charge of his body. - ..
■ A singular feature of the case Is that
the revolver, when released from his
grasp, showed that one cartridge had been
discharged and that the hammer had then
passed three cartridges without making
an indenture upon any cf them. It has
been learned also that nobody heard a
pistol shot near the cathedral this morn
ing, while one was heard there about 11
o'clock last night. It is thought to be
probable that Belaire entered the rotunda
at that hour and shot himself and that
his almost lifeless body lay there undis
covered until this morning.
TRUCKEE, Dec. 11.— Albert Belaire,
who committed suicide in Sacramento, has
lived in Truckee for twenty years, and
during most of that period has been head
sawyer at Schaffer'a sawmill. He had
always borne an excellent reputation and
was a member in good standing of Sum
mit Lodge No. 54. Knights of Pythias.
Both anchors were out and held firmly.
She had one sail . set. There was not a
living soul aboard. Two boats were gone,
having been used by the crew In leaving
the ship: Her load of ballast was shifted
until she lay nearly on her beam ends.
The Tyee did not stop here with her.
but the tug Pioneer called in to wire to
the Puget Sound Towboat Company for
instructions as to where to take her, and
she was towed on up the Sound. •
The Pinxnore is the bark that was aban
doned by her crew oft Grays Harbor,
seven seamen perishing through the cap
sizing of a small boat in which they at
tempted to reach shore.
ABERDEEN, Wash., Dec. 11.— The of
ficers and surviving members of the crew i
of the bark Pinmore, which went ashore
north of here on Wednesday, left for
Portland to-day. The men lost everything
they had except the clothes they wore,
and suffered greatly from exposure and
want of food.
The schooner Maid of Orleans, from this
port -to San Francisco, lost her deckload
of lumber in the recent storm, and several
of her crew narrowly escaped being
washed overboard.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 11.— The schooner W.
S. Phelps, understood to be on her way
to the Galapagos Islands on a trip of ex
ploration, came in this afternoon from sea
in distress, having sprung a leak, which
the crew was not able to locate and stop
from the inside of the hull. She dropped
anchor some distance down the bay, but
will come up. to be beached near the San
ta Fe wharf to-morrow. " ' ; .
Raining in San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 11.— Rain began fall
ing at 10:30 o'clock to-night. The pros
pects are for an. all-night storm. I
AD V JflifcTlSEMEUTS.
A LARGE STOCK
RICH
HOLIDAY COODS.
Night Robes
Neck Dress
Gloves
Underwear
Shirts
: Hosiery
Handkerchiefs
Pajama Sails
Umbrellas, Etc.
EACLESON <g CO.,
T48-75O Market St.,
QAQ Montgomery St
(Perfect EyE-QLAssES |
Fitted by E^pert'0ptiQiAr\2»
OPTICIANS PhotosR^
642 Market St* instrument*
* v-: Ctt*O/HCU BUtLBim.
DEINHARD&CO.
■ " Coblenz on the Rhine
Purveyors to H.M.THE EMPEROR OF GERMANY
■
SELECTED
'yO,ri\ ■
Rhine and Moselle Wines
WM. "WOLFF & CO.
2J6-2J8MissioaSU Saa Frandsco, Cat
F»aolflo Coast A.e»«t»
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO. IN THE STATE OF
California, on the 31st day of D«cemb«r,
A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on that
day as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to th« pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by tha
Commissioner.
CAPITAIi.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash 11.000.000. Oft
ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company $363,700 00
Loans on Bonds and .Mortgages 2S0.137 M
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2.262.825 0*
Amount of Jxians secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 1S1.1C0 00
Cash in Company's Office 14.473 07
Cash in Banks 176.032 43
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 790 10
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages «,91J 34
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 460.975 «4
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks.... 50.743 S3
Warrants 1.258 M
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on lossen already paid.. . 8,102 OS
Advances on unsettled Marine Losses 6,078 83
Bills Receivable 1,500 00
Total Assets J4.013.675 7«
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $32,093 SO
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 123.773 33
Losses resisted, including expenses. 6,825 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,153,352 88; -
reinsurance 50 per cent 576,631 44
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,433.-
609 40: reinsurance pro rata 744.333 3d
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. 123.363 47;
reinsurance 100 per cent 23.365 47
Gross premium* on Marine Tims
Risks, $137,814 95; reinsurance 6ft
per cent 68,907 4?
Special deposits 14.759 U
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 61. 850 61
Marine bills payable.. .5.215 07
• Total Liabilities $1,671,807 «l
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fir««
premiums $1,597,492 (3
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine rremlums. 323,133 OS
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ".. i ■ 32.&M 15
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 117.439 03
Received for Rents 27.953 0»
Total Income $3,098.678 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.... $9!)S,951 74
Net amount paid for Marine Losses. 197,494 85
Dividends to Stockholders 120.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 257,301 45
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other i
charges for officers, clerks, etc 236.017 7t
Paid for State. National and Local '.
taxes ...;. (3,432 45
All other payments and expenditures .. 191. COS 91
Total Expenditures $2,059,209 14
Losses incurred daring the year..... .$1.191. 457 64
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the " s • '■'J-.--
year $192,755,941 $2,318,597 2»
Net . amount of Risks ■ '
expired during . the
year ....• 1CT.293.911 l.*82,«21 43
. Net amount in force
December 31.-1300.... 217,250,306 2,816.972 23
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ........;......... $101.5«4>S72 $8«3.05O SO
Net amount - of • Risks . .. . ;_
. expired during the
year 1C3.524.793 831.061 S5
'Net I anaount In force
December 31. 1900.... | 4.530,423 161,130 43.
■-■" WM. J. DUTTON. Prest.
LOUI3 WEIXMANN, S«cy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 18th
day of January. 1901.
* ANDREW J. CLUNIE.
; insurance Commissioner.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
34
CAPTAIN TRIBBLE OF SAUSALJTO
MAKES DAMAGING ADMISSIONS
United States Inspectors Bring Out: tha; Fact During Investigation
That the Rules Governing Pilots Were Disregarded in Running
of the Ferryboat on Night of Collision With the San Rafael
INSPECTOR BULGER put Captain
Tribble of the Sausalito through an
inquisition yesterday afternoon and
forced an admission that the ferry
boat master did not know the rules
for pilots in regard to passing signals.
Now, the pilot books say that in the fog,
where one boat cannot seo another, no
passing signals shall be given. Captain
McKenzie gave the "helm to starboard"
■whistle at first, and was answered by the
same whistle from the SausaJito. It was
after this that the signals to back wore
given.
The books al^o say that a moderate
ypeed is all that tan be used under the
conditions existing, yet the Sausalito ran
nt three-quarters gauge to the Jslan-i.
Then the slow bitll was given th-i engineer.
Tribble said he thought his methods were
the best, despite the prescribed pilot rules
and regulations. He evrn admitted to ig
norance of certain sections of the rules.
The proceedings yesterday were devoted
to a second examination of Captains Mc-
Kenzie and Tribble. Again fog whistles,
ebjnals and bells formed the main subject
of the questioning, but this time some
damaging admissions were made.
Disobeyed the Law.
Here is the section taken from Pilot
Rules for Atlantic and Pacific Coast In
land Waters:
EPEED OF SHIPS TO BE MODERATE IN
FOG. AX1> SO FORTH.
Article 16.< Every vessel Fha.ll. In a fog.
ml ft, falling enow, or heavy rainstorms, go at
a. moderate Fpeed, having careful regard to Ih*
t jclsain? circumstances and conditions. A steam
vessel hearing, apparently forward of her
team, the fog rlgnal of a vessel the position
cf which is not ascertained shall, so far as the
circumstances of the cave admit, ctop her en
tlr.rs. and then navigate with caution until
danger or collision is over.
Pressing this rule upon the attention of
both captain?, the facts showed a disre-
AJ)VEB!aSEMENTS.
soap brings health
and the color of
health to many a
sallow skin: ||
For Stomach Disorders-
Cout and D yspepsa
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline j Water,
SCW BKOAD-V7AT." N. ' T.' ' " " * ' : " '' *
I gard of the injunctions. The admissions
were dragged out of Captain Tribble.
"Captain, Bow many people to your
knowledge were lost?" asked Inspector
Bulger of Captain McKenzie.
• The reply was:, "Two — Crandall and a
little "boy. ir the mother had not been
j panic-stricken -*he boy would not have
drowned. She rushed toward the boy,
seized him and jumped overboard with
him. The little girl with her was saved."
Captain McKenzie admitted the death
; of Treadway, but said, the life was
I crushed out .of him. From what he was
told he thought that was the entire list
. of deaths.
"If the San Rafael had had bulkheads
j !n her do you think she would . have
sunk?" asked Bolles.
"No, 1 don't think she would," was the
answer. .........
The captain further said that. the-' boat
did not break up and that the machinery
] was too heavy for the hull, j '"'. ■ ' "
| Captain Tribble took his' turn' next at
the wheel of testimony.
"Going under a slow bell and heading
as you were after yoft left the east end
fit the island, where did you think you'
would strike?" asked Captain Bolles.
"Somewhere between Powell and. Lom
bard," was the answer. "1 didn't care par-
PROPOSED BASEBALL CHANGES
WILL NOT BE MADE AT PRESENT
National League Is . Claimed to Be in the Same
Place It Was Teti^ Years; Ago. V.
XEW YORK, Dee. 11.— John T. Brush's,
scheme for a revolution' of baseball . Is '
dead. At the meeting at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel to-day the National League, mag
nates decided by a majority vote "that the
league was a perpetual body and did not
cease with the expiration of the Indian
apolis agreement on December 18. It was
decided also that no club can be, expelled
from the league except for specified
causes, as set forth in the constitution
and by-laws of the organization. Thus
Brush's plan for syndicate baseball came
to an end. The vote, it Is said, * means
that the National League is back where
it was before the signing of the Indian
apolis agreement in 1891.
An attempt was made at to-day's meet
ing to elect A. G. Spalding president. It
was first reported he had been beaten,
but this proved untrue. Shortly after the
magnates went into session Dreyius made
Danny Maher, the Jockey, B^etums.
NEW YORK, Dec. 1L— Danny Maher,
the American jockey, who will • ride the
race horses owned by King Edward VII
of England, arrived in this city on the
steamship Kaiser Wilhelrn der Grosse." In
an interview he says; - >
"I am over here on a trip for the holi
days. I will remain in America unUl Feb
ruary and then return to England to gal
lop the horses for Richard Marsh and
several other owners. In my opinion the
best two-year colt last season was Ard
Patrick, owned by John. Gubblns.' The
best 'fills', I think. Is Sterling Balm."
SAN JOSE, . Dec. 11.— George Bowes, ' a
teamster employed In the Miracle mill, waa
killed near Patchen thi« morning. While de
scending & - heavy grade his wagon became
uncoupled -and he vaa thrown from his 'Beat.
the wheels passing over his head. He was 24
years • of age. HU parents reaidt In Santa
Cruz. •,■••_/•
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1901.
ticularly where, as long as it was in this
neighborhood." -'
"Did, the whistle at all times sound on
your port bow?" • '
"Always." ■
"If you had had thirty- seconds more,"
asked Bulger, "would you have come to
gether?" • . '
"No, I don't think we would."
- ;"If you had run under, a slow bell from
Sausalito, where would you have been?"
"About tlie northwest end of the isl
and." '■'.'
■"After you put helm hard a-starboard,
how far do you think the San Rafael
swung to the left?" asked Bolles. .
"About : seventy-five or one hundred
feet," was the response.
On the map Captain Tribble traced his
UNITED STATES INSPECTOR
BOLLES PASSES CAPTAIN TRIB
BLE BOOK OF PILOT RULES.-
supposed course, and the line crossed the
intended course of Captain McKenzie.
'.'At the time you got the two whistles,
if you had got three would it have made
any difference?" asked Bolles.
"I would have backed her at once," said
Tribble.
With the conclusion of Captain Tribble's
testimony the investigation closed. The
inspectors will weigh the evidence and
then return judgment. >
BULKHEADS FOR FERRYBOATS.
Improvement Will Reduce Banger of
Loss of Life to Minimum.
In view of the recent loss of life caused
by the sinking of the ferry steamer San
Rafael, Captain John Bermlngham,' super
vising inspector of steam vessels, has sug
gested to the superintendent of the South
. ern Pacific ferry system the propriety of
bulkheaUlng the steamers of that system,
and the assurance has been given that
the suggestion will be carried out. A
similar suggestion .was made as to the
ferry steamers on other lines on the bay
and similar assurances have been given.
At : the' present session of Congress a"
bill will b« Introduced* making it obliga
tory for bay and river steamers to be
properly bulkheaded.
• The recent ferry-boat accident was the
first that has happened in. San Francisco
Bay in, thirty-live years. 'The steamboat
Clinton' wag then sunk in a collision near
Alcatraz and her engineer killed. - In 1857
the Contra Costa blew up while enter
ing Oakland Creek. These are the only
accidents of, any note that have befallen
local ferry-boats. . ■
a motion that! the ielection Vot officers be
proceeded with, Tliis was amended that
A. Q. Scalding: be unanimously elected
president. The hitch was, in doing away
with the- regular order, of? business so as
to proceed with the election.- In the reg
ular .order the reports of .the board of di
rectors and- thoee of various committees
must be heard before the. election can be
proceeded : with..- When the matter was
put to a vote Boston,- Cincinnati, St.
Louis and New. York voted' for proceeding
hi the regular order, thereby setting. back
Spaidlng's .election until later. , It is said
upon good- authority that at least five of
the clubs favor the election of j Spalding.
They are Pittsburg, "Boston, Chicago,
Brooklyn and Philadelphia.
At 8:30 o'clock to-night the league rulers
began another session, at Which they lis
tened to the report . of the board of.di
rectors. The meeting adjourned I about
midnight. No information was given out.
Olyinpic' Club Handball.
The last game of the '.Olympic Club
handball tournament will be played next
Sunday. The contestants will be Jack
Gleason; arid: George James. ....
Gleason defeated Henry Russ last night
by a score of 21-5. 21-13. This leaves the
winner and George James to play for the
champion trophy. — *■ .
- To-morrow night T. I. •' Fitzpatrick and
Charles K. Melrose will play the deciding
match in the third- class, while .George
Janes and M. Green will. flght for honors
In the second class.
McGovern to Fight Sullivan.
NEW YORK, - Dec. 11.— Articles for a
match between :- Terry : McGovern and
Dave Sullivan were signed in this "city
to-day. -The bout will take place January
30 before the club offering the best terms:
Robert Fitzsimmons will act as referee.
The National Athletic Club of Waterbury,
Conn., has offered 65 per cent of the gate
receipts. ■ :••- -::;;h'.\ -v
RAGGED PLAYING
ON BALL FIELD
Wasps and Visitors Vie
in Making Costly
HiiTors.
Fumbles and Overthrowing
'■',: to Bases Let in Many
Runs. •
-There was sharp competition at Recrea
tion Park ■ yesterday afternoon between
the Wasps and the All-America' base
ball stars as to which could play i the
most ragged . ball. As , the home ! team
lost by a score' of 9 to 4, the members
are entitled to all the credit : they 'can
extract from it. . t , ;', :. ; .
Barrett sent the ball over the right
field fence in the sixth inning. He lathe
first Easterner to accomplish the feat.'
AVhalen walked six men, and was re
sponsible for four runs. In the first
Inning he was away off in his throwing
to first. In this inning the visitors scoreu
two runs on a single by 'Pickering, the
first batsman up. He went to second on
Whalen's bad throw to first. - Barrett
was out at first. Mercer walked. - Pick
ering scored on Whalen's bad throw to
first. Mercer went to third on the play.
Lajoie walked. Mercer scored on Davis'
out at 'first. Bradley was hit on the
"funny" bone, . and went to first, lr
win struck out.'.
In the third inning Barrett walked.
Mercer hit to Shay, who tossed the ball
to Krug. The latter dropped it, and
both runners were. safe. .Lajoie sacri
ficed, advancing both men. Davis sent
a two-bagger .- to Krug. He was slow
after the ball, and both men scored.
Bradley flew out. Irwin scored Davis
with a two-bagger, and Sullivan flew, re
tiring the side. ...
The visitors garnered three more runs
in > the fifth. Lajoie - walked. Davis sin
gled, and Bradley hit to Shay. The lat
ter made a bungle of his throw to Krug,
who let it pass. Lajoie scored. Brad
ley went to second on a passed ball. Ir
win was hit by pitcher. Sullivan flew,
and Davis scored on the throw in. Brad
ley scored almost immediately on a
double steal. Bernard and Pickering
flew out. .
Barrett's home run in the sixth ended
tho scoring for the Kasterners.
The home team's last run came in the
seventh. Krug. singled. Shay lined out
a two-bagger which hit the right field
fence. Whalen hit toward the first base
man, and Krug scored before he could
field the ball.
To-day the Oakland aggregation will
meet the visitors. The score of yester
day's game:
ALL- AM ERIC A.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Pickering, If ....... 4 1 2 14 0 0
Barrett, cf S 0 1 1 2 0 1
Mercer, rf. 5 2 0.0200
Lajoie,, 2b 1 2 0 0 2 3 0
Davis, lb. 4 2 2 0 10; 0 1
Bradley, 3b 8 1 0 1 0 3 0
Irwln, s. a 3 1 1 1 23 2
Sullivan, c 4.0 0 0 5 2.0
Bernard, p 4-0:1 0 0 O 0
Totals 31 9 7 4 27 11 4
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PC A. E.
Nordyke," cf 4 0 0 0 2 2 0
Wilson, c 4 O 0 0 4 0 O
Hildebrand, If 4 1 1 0 1 O 0
Schwartz, rf., 2b 4 1 0 0 3 4 1
Pabst. lb 4.0 1 0 11 0 0
Krugr. 2b., rf ; 4 2 1 0 1 1 0
Shay, s. s 4 0 1 0 O 1 1
Rellly, 3b 4 0 2 1 1 10
AVhalen, p 4 0 O 01 22
Totals ....36 4 0 1 21 11 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 3 0 0 0 0 10 0 — 1
Base hits 1 2 0 0 .1 .0 2 (» 0—6
All-America 2 o 3 O 3 1 O 0 •— 9
Basehits..: 11 2.0 1, 1 0 1 •— 7
•SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Whalen 4. Home run
—Barrett. Two-base hits — Pabst, Rellly. Da
vis, Irwln, Shay. Sacrifice hit — Lajoie. First
base on errors — San Francisco 1, All-America
1. First base on called bfells — All America 6.
Left on bases — San Francisco 3, All- America r..
Struck out — By Whalen 4, by Bernard 3. Hit
by pitcher — Bradley, Irwin. Double play —
Nordyke to Pabst. Passed ball — Wilson. Time
of game— 1:40. Umpire— J. McDonald. Official
scorer — Clayburgh.
INNOVATION TO BE TRIED •
S&KS&IN COURSING MEETING
One Stake Will Be Completed on Sat
urday at Union Park and An
other on Sunday.
The management of the Union Coursing
Park, will try the innovation this week of
running one stake through in its entirety
on Saturday and another on Sunday. The
Saturday stake attracted an entry of
thirty-six dogs and that for Sunday fifty
six. The draw last night resulted as fol
lows: ....
' Saturday stake, 3C (logs— Kelly & Hanley's
LusmaBh Lass vs. J. H. Hurley's Living Pic
ture; T. <I. Cronin's Kose of Tralee vs. C. O.
Peterson's" Lady Nell: H. Lynch'a Lilac vs.
J .D. Cardinall's Jealby; J. I>. Cardinally
Union Jack vs. D. J. Franz's Dorothy M; II.
Lyneh's Black Dart vs. II! Scha«fer's Fair
Glen; H. C. Beck's Maid of Gowrle vs. T.
Maher's Lord UolT; Pasha Kennels' Rich Ar
gosy vs. W. C. de B. Lopes's B P: J. H. AV.
Muller*s Cruiser vs. K. Zeiph's Glencoe; O.
Zahl's Miss Wilson vs. Pasha Kennels' Rustic
Arbor; T. Maher's Intruder vs. P. M. Clark
tton's Miss Brummel; J>. U. Franz's Motor vs.
F. Lee's Sweet Locust; AV. C. de B. Lopez's
Courage vs. P. Doyle's Thelma; W. C. Glas
son'8 Lady Sears vh. J. H. Hurley's Jewess:
J. II. Hurley's Gramercy vs. II. Lyneh's
Clarisne; C. Glock'a Alameda . Lad vs. D.
Henry's Alice Louise: M. Xealon's Agumemnon
vs. W. Cairn's Lavona; W. Cairn's Imperial
vh. J. Donnelly's New Moon; G. Watson's Kl
Yt v*. W. II. Robinson's Itosle Freedom.
Sunday stake, 5G dogs— J. Carroll's Master
.Clalr vs. G. NVthercott's Hod Rock; J. 11.
Perlgo'B Faraway vs. P. M. Clarkson's Hofala;
Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete vh. J. M. Hal
ton's May Herapstead;' G. Sluuinun's Firm
Fellow vs. J. Carroll's Auckland: D. . J. Ifea
ley's Tapioca vs. A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad: G.
KniKht'H Sliailow vs. E. Geary's l'alo Alto;
A. 11. Curtis' Fly by Xlght vs. C. O. Peterson's
Silver Cloud; F. Jones' lint lean Gladys vs.'
L. M. ConneH's St. Helen; J. J. Keenan's
Drcadnaught v«. A. V&nderwhlte's Flora Mc-
Donald: 1). J. Healey's Fine Form vs. G. Shar
man'a Black Flush: O. Sharman's Warship vs.
J. F. Badt's Lovlna; F. Jones' WedRewooil vs.
H. Lyneh's Merrlmac; C. O. Peterson's Hap
hazard vb. Pasha Kennels' Real Article; E.
Neave's Flm Foot vs. E. Neave's Spiteful;
H. Lynch' b A. J. Martin vs. J. Dowllng'a Sir
Lawrence; E. M. Parkinson's Ben Lomond 'vs.
T. J. Cronin's Vandal; K. Neave's Weddlnu
Bells vs. D. J. Ilealey's Tlburon; H. H. Oray'a
Rona vs. D. J. Healey'B KUsta; t). Sllva's
Master Rocket vs. Pasha Kennels' Rural
Artist; G. Sharman's St. Ives vs. G. Sharman'a
Sir Pasha; P. Mullarky's Mamie Pleasant vs.
J. Shea's Slim; Sterl & Knowles' Cold Shivers
vs. G. Nethercott's Hickory Dick; E. Neave's
Castaway vs. C. Banner's Wild Nora ; Kelly
& Hanley's Naughty Girl vs. G. Nethercott's
Freda C; A. R. Curtis' Candelaria vs. E.
Neave's Talk to Me; E. Neave's Daisy Clalr
vs. T. J. Cronin's Tralee Boy; E. Ready's Full
Moon vs. G. Sharman's Gold Bug; D. Walsh's
Sacramento Boy vs. G. Sharman's Hot Haste.
_ AD VEBTISEMENTS.
WffRS
The Bitters will cure
Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Consti-
pation, Flatulency, Nervous-
ness and Malaria, Fever and
; 'Ague. w -.: ' t ■ -, , ;;.-■.■* .■ ' ;
It should be in every household.
Be sure to get the. genuine.
WATERCURE TAKES A HANDICAP
FROM A CLUSTER OF FAST ONES
Meehanus Is Heavily Piayed to Win the Event but Runs Beyond
the Money-Jarretierre d'Or Defeats Some Clever Two-Year-
Olds-Howell First at the Wire on Tizona, a 20 to I Shot
IT was a good Joke the shrewd set
framed up on themselves at Oakland
■yesterday. Everybody suspected of
■ possessing an atom of horse sense
■laid his checks down on Meehanus
with' his 119 pounds to win the six and a
half " furlong free handicap, simply be
cause it was too far for Watercure— on
paper. Meehanus, backed down to 6 to
5, apparently sulked with Woods, running
next to last. The price about "Watercure,
carrying 122 pounds and Winnie O'Connor,
floated to 3 to 1, and in a drive he caught
and, beat; out Doublet a length in 1:21%.
There was no part of it that Green Mor
ris' crack horse did not look a w'nner.
O'Connor took matters very coolly back
in the rear to. the stretch, and then cut
loose. For a time he did not have clear
sailing. This made -it closer down at the
wire than it otherwise would have been.
Three Favorites in a Kow.
Splendid weather and the prospect of
seeing the racing decided over a fast
track once more attracted an excellent
crowd. Three straight favorites came
through, after which there was a decided
slump in the market. " Tizona, a 20 to 1
shot, was the star long shot performer.
"Frisco" Lind's big gelding Afghan cap
tured the opening sprint from a bunch of
ordinary ones. Mounce sat in the pilot
house and ran into the slip three-posts of
a Jength in advance of B. F. Mason, a 10
to 1 chance. Mrs. Brunell, the second
choice, never seemed threatened , with
much speed.
Jarretierre d'Or, the speedy gelding
from Jack Atkins' string, turned up an
easy winner of the two-year-old sprint at
five furlongs. Once 3% in the betting, he
closed an 11 to 3 favorite. Nicely handled
by Buchanan, he ran in two lengths
ahead of Esterwell, the Schorr .entry.
Cathello, at 60 to 1, beat Louwelsea for
the show.
Native Fortunate to Win.
On his showing in" the seven furlong
run, it looked /as if Goldone was short a
trine. Native came in for a play that
lasted until "last call" in the liner and
was fortunate to win. He caught Gusto
after some hustling, but at the end had
nothing left and only downed Goldone a
neck. Apparently the latter horse could
not be kept up the first part by Woods,
or there would have been nothing to it.
Dunblane finished in the show.
Bullman landed the mile and a furlong
selling number with Plohn, against which
horse 5 and 6 to 1 was laid. After collar
ing Merops, Plohn took the lead and was
hard pressed to down Sunello less than a
length. Woods put up a sloppy ride on
the last named horse or he would have
been returned first. The race was a bad
one from every standpoint. -
In the speculating on the concluding
five and a half furlong dash Midnight
Chimes and Parsifal ruled about equal
choices. Tizona, an outsider, laid second
to the stretch and then finishing strong
led the unlucky Midnight Chimes over
the line a length.
Track Notes.
Fifteen books cut in. Frank Bain with
drew after dissolving partnership and will
return to New York, it is said.
" When Willie Buchanan crosses the At
lantic again in February "Red" Comer
ford will accompany, him.
George Rose has secured the field book
privileges from the New California
Jockey Club and will assume control on
Saturday. As has been published, when
it was announced that the admission fee
to the track would be $1 50, Driscoll and
Rainey. the first ■- successful bidders,
threw up the privilege. It was then re
opened for fresh bids. In speaking of his
Eastern trip George Rose said he had
experienced a very successful season,
handling an average of $50,000 a day.
This places all of the big layers of odds
in the shade.
Frank Eckert made his first appear
ance on the block yesterday. Frank is a
very fast handler of coin and seldom
"ducks" any wagers.
"Silver Bill" Reilly, the veteran pen
ciler and auctioneer, was another new
lace seen upon the block. Mr. • Reilly
drew the stand next to Frank Eckert.
"Fletch" . Jones . will probably leave
New Orleans and come here to ride.
Howell. who rode here last season for
the Shulte stable, landed his first win
ning mount this trip in Tizona. He is a
clever rider and will get plenty of mounts.
Following are the entries and weights
for the 51500 Truxton Beale* handicap at a
mile, to be decided next Saturday:
Watercure 131 Obla 100
Autolight 122 Miss Mae Day 98
Vesuvlan 118 Goal Runner 9S
Ordnuns US Rosormonde 98
Kenllworth 115 Varro 96
Argreeor 115 Diderot 9(5
Nones 115 Norford -9«
Joe Frey 113 Imperious 90
All Green 113 Iconic 90
Greyfeld 113 Sea I.ion 90
Articulate 112 Montallacle ..... Jttf
Janice 1U Rio Shannon »«
The Pride .112 Bangor »5
Doublet 110 Broadbrim »S
Ben Mac Dhul 107 Pompino 9.%
Beau Ormonde 107 Pope Leo. t>5
F. W. Brode 107 Lone Fisherman. . .. 05
Headwater- 107 Byron Rose 94
Cnnutellator 1"<! Jim Hale... 04
Favonious l<>?i ]1erno t u 94
Scotch Ptald 103 Rubicon 03
Hard Knot 103 Bell Punch 03
Greenock 103 Oe Capo Jtt
Sir Dougald 102 Malater no
Hey Dare 102 Cougar 00
ltlurk Dick 1<X> Tower of Candles.. 00
Ooldone 100 Marshall Nell 1K>
Arbacoo .100 Kdna Brown 00
Animosity 100 llab m»
MacGyle 100 Icicle 83
The Fretter 100 Friilolln SR
Hllee 100 Position ,«tt
Andrisa .100 Captivate S5
The entries for thia afternoon's events
are as follows : ■ .
First race — Six furlongs; selling; four-year
olds and upward.
2S4O McNamara . .100 2040 Mike Rtce 114
2S50 P. Morrlswcy..lOQ »KiO Torslna Ill
28OT Mid. Chimes. .Ill 2021 Gold Baron. ..100
2tm Itlnaldo 100 2803 Castake 114.
2SJ55 Favorito 10!) 2S00 Alfred C 112
2ua'J L. Clieveden..l0»
Second racQ— One mile; selling; four-year
oMs ami upward.
21>55 John Welch.. 114 2S54 Expedient ...114
2050 Mission ......114 2!)52 AVlndward ...It7
2800 Mont Eagle.. Ill 2950 St. Anthony.. 114
2907 Alas ........111 2905 Mazo .111
2S30 El Arte ......114
: ADVERTISEMElTrS.
Desperate Case
Of Piles Cured.
. Mrs.'.Wm. Kenmore, So. Oniaha, 1 ■writes:
"I suffered many, many years with pro-
truding niles and dared not risk an ope-
ration. My case became desperate. I took
Pyramid Pile Cure and in a short time
was entirely cured, with no return of ths
(trouble." Sold by all druggists; 50 cents a
box. Book, "Piles, Causes . and Cure,"
mailed free. , Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall,
Mich.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACTTWACK-Wednwdj^^Dec^^
—g^-^ggy^g^^yX-^ir^^ 3-year-olds and up ' to **"!. $325 '
T^U™ Age , Wel.ht.lst. I] *. Str. Fin. 1 Owner and Jockey. _ _Op/^_
Index Horse. Age. Weight, fat. -j- *• , —
— "~ T~Z i 1/ 1 »/ C LJnd Mounce 3-2 9-8
2939 Afghan, a 112 2 6 *"* 1 n * £ 9 £* w G. Matthews. Matthw 15 10
2940 B. F. Mason, 4. .112 « 11 £ 1 3 h 3 n J "C Nealon. .Buchanan 15 20
2872 |Sissenvine, 3 ....107 1 3 1 » 1 ;* n " " Ji jj a9kell..Winslette 15 30
2884 I Bagdad, 4 112 « 7 1 *1 5 1 4h «. /£ n u . L Da i 13 u
2028 Toung Morell* 4.115 10 10 81 61 51 %' Scnrelber . . . j Wooda 2 11-5
2897. Mrs. Brunell. 3.. 107 8 .) h 9- >* £ £ Conway Ransom 12 IS
2944 Helen Smith, 3... 107 .> B 1 « }* {* - ' t y H S i mpsO Hoar 30 . 3O._
293!) Aphrodis. 3 .' 107 9 8 % 10 1 0 1 8 1 J.H m Pj n(ler . . Kelly 15 i^j|
2946 Nellie Holton. 5.. 112 3,.;f h 2 *» 4 } 3 » {? j Todd Spencer 7 121
loS &kLN::::::SJh >** " . " 4 g* &- fcS^.""iaaa 10 12 <
Time-3-16. :20; i":24: % 101/ . 5%f. 1 no«L Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, C. Lind s ch. g. by Ia^ eI ?|?5 will win shortly. Morello wouUt
d o n he?ter^r On Sf no^^&SS "led to run out. NelUe Hoi,
JonjanbeatthisJoMvhen^^^ d^SS£5LC^^~A-r^w-o-<j^r-u-.^ ¦ « ¦ *
29G3. SECOND RACE-Flve furlongs: selling; two -year -olds: value to first. 325 '^^ _
ind^Horse and Weight. St. *» , »• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op? &
WMS^giai- 4nU 12 .R At ln V; Buchanan 5-2 11-.
oi*!SSZff.::::::::iS j If IMS W^oS 8^ •?
2942 ILouwelsea 115 7 •» 71 «1*|? Suinmers & Co Mathew . 15 25
2661 Tyranus 115 4 II 31 5h «2 S McN aughton.. Spencer 15 9
2806 Montoya -....* 118 1 »* j» »« «- Elmwood Farm. . Mounce 5 «
2899 The Giver 118 8 7 * • }> | * |i Thomas Rowe. .Bullman 10 18
29« Snofvberrv 1 1^» 9 b » 9 5 |e Kaufman Hoar! 6 *
""' _ '".,'.,.,-.". , .0.. ¦¦'u. -40- "Hi 101%. Good start. Won . easily. Second and third
T1 £?v7ns: •w?nne^i:^ i A^.n^b\ 1^ golden W C^^«^^ JS^JJ-JTSS of^aU
n^'^^^r^ Il ar^ n or.S^n. 8 &/ d «Sr£ 6 SSd Giver had a rough
' passage. Scratched— Flattered 115, Phylll^llo.^ _ _^ —
29G4r~TH?RD~RACE^Seven furlongs; filing; three-year-olds and up: value to first. $325.
. — — " Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. : tt. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. __O.
2M& DSnwSe*4-:::::m lilli a f Co..O>Connor II
3 Ill I I I J ' g W.Lf^tl^Vld.V.Du^an 10 2O
raced to death out In front. David S aJbad_a£tor^j£^e^ost_jan£^ra£Uc^iy Jierr.
2»65 FOURTH RACE— 6«4 furlongs; free handicap; 3-year-olds and up: value to first, *400.\
, — ; ~~ " Betting. T
Index Horse Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
r285i'Jwatercur7~4 Tm 6* 5h3111 G. R Morris. .O'Connor 8 1 13-5
gfeSay^gf H it » i : 1-r.aaiaaal *8
1 -16 07 li • M. 241;: %, :48%: a? 1:14: 6%f, 1:2114. Good start. Won flnt thre*
drlvinV Winner G B Morris' ch g. by Watercress- Lena 1 s First. Watercur« gobbled up
the lefders when once he had clear silling. Doublet ran a swell race. Varro quit. Mee
hanus ¦Xhef^retterisimproving^^^^^^^^ ._,^_ w%^- - VJJ - VJ - >y - )-ro - r^/vr<-(
2006. FIFTH RACE— miles; gelling; three -year- olds and up: value to first. $328.
— — ; ~~ Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. U- %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op- Cl.
pi ohn 4..... 110 ~1 22 2n In 1% P. Ryan .Bullman 5 5
[^Wi So 4 105 5 82 3 2 41 2$ M. Storn J. Woods 4 7
S ArtUa 4 ." 101 2 4 1 4n 3n 3 1 C. W. Carroll.... Nell « 8
2941 MVrops 5"' 104 6 12 12 2 2 41 F. D. Weir Hoar 2 16-5
££« Rushfle'lds"a 107 4 «1 5h 51 6 4 CO. Ray Jackson 6 7-2
2936 Lodestar a 107 7 7 6 1 6 2 6 2 O-Keefe & Co.. O'Connor 3 4
2954 TWLeppln'g.3.. 95 3 Sh 7 7 7 Xewman & Eagan.-Wins 12 20
t Itt1p 1/ .13. 1/ -24%: V». :50%: %. 1:17: mile, l:43%;_l%m. 1:56. Good start. Won
first three driving.' Winner, P. Ryan's b. g. by Strathmore-Kelp. Plohn displayed more
speed and sameness than usual. Sunello very poorly handled. He was best and. should
have won. Artilla ran a fair race. Meropa cashed In early. Rushflelds and Lodestar ran
cheap races.
2967. SIXTH RACE— 5% furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and up; value to first. $.:25.
— — ~ " ' " ~~ I Betting 7*
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. V,. »;. 3tr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. I Op. Cl.
Tiw>na 4 112 2 3%2n 1%11 Partington Eros..Howell : 13 15
"•Am m Chimes' "i 112 5 5 23n 3%. 21 Joseph. Maiden. .Jackson 8-5 2
£-1 Patsv Do?an a 112 115 14 2h 31 H. Butts Hoar 10 10 -
?lio P^ffaL 3 110 6 65 52 41 4n J. I>. Fitzgerald.. Bullmn 2 2
££°, S^f'jfi- 3 107 4 41 8 1 52 51 G. W. Scott. ..Winalette .6 5
Sj? Tf, d oll 4 3 112 3 2 2 4 1 6 1 6% H. C. Ahlers. ... .Stuart 30 40
9«fi Comuats' 's" ".'.'.'. 107 7 74 75 76 7 10 J. Wilson.... Fauntleroy 30 40
MS 2««f** ' .112 « 81-83 8 4 8 5 Elmwood Farm.. Ranach IS 23
OuiL II 3 107 9 9 9 9 9 U. M. Crane. Buchanan 8 8
2901 si I"::: '.1OT Left [JenningB & Co.. O'Connor 10 10
Time—" 16 18- Vi -24- 14 :50i-i: 5%f. l:0S'i. Poor start. Won cleverly. Second and
Slr^drivlne Winner.' Partington Brothers' b. g. by Puryear D- Straight Tip. Tizona
nicely handfed and probably best. Patsy Dolan quit. Parsifal away poorly. So was
QuTz FridoUn did well and did not play In best of luck. Scratched-McNamara 112.
Novla 112.
Third race — Six furlongs; selUnK; two-year
olds. „.._
205S Matin Bell.. .115 2916 Flattered ....115
2SS5 Prestene 115 295C Schwarzwald 11
2006 Arthur Kay. .118 2934 Sol 113
TT-T John H. Carr.110 2034 Bendara 113
2003 Kemele .110 (2932)Milas - — "■»
295« The Maniac. 110 286S P. Crlmmins.118
2956 Angeleno 113
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds. '■
2SM9 Rollick Ill 2054 Bab 1W
<2950)Bedeck 114 <2954)Orieans 100
2923 Grafter .. 109 2677 Jim Hale ...111
(2»61 )Bedner 112
Fifth race— Six furlongs; purse; three-year
olds and upward.
.... Vonzollern ..112 2943 S«a Queen ...114
2053 Pompino 114 2057 Our Lizzie ..114
26G4 Nettie Clark. 114 2858 ByronRoee ..10O
2858 Andrisa lll> 2839 Goal Runner.114
2SW6 Sharp Bird... 117
Sixth race— 6ne mile; selling: four-year
oldii and upward.
2705 Mike Strauss. Ill, 2935 Go Out .117
2SK15 Torslda 11 i 29C2 Bagdad 114
20.V. Romany 114 29«» Burdoc 114
2SU7 Mead. Lark. .1141 2935 Whaleback ..114
To-day's Selections.
First race— Alfred C. Pat Morrlssey, Torslna.
Second race— Mission. Windward. John
Welch.
Third race — Sol. Matin .Bell. MUas.
Fourth race — Bedeck, Bab. Jim Hale.
Fifth racfr— Sea Queen, Byron Rose, Pom
pino.
Sixth race — Mike Strauss, Torstda, Meadow
lark.
New Orleans Baces.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 11.— Results:
First race, one mile — Little Scout won,
Amote second. The Wag third. Time, 1:40.
Second race, one mile — Frank M won. Dandy
N fcecond. Bequeath third. Time. 1 :4«.
Third race, steeplechase, short course-
Golden Link won, Corlllo second. Host third.
Time, 3:10&.
Fourth race, handicap, flve furlongs — Fleu
ron won, Little Jack Homer second, " Sevoy
third. Time, l:02&.
Fifth race, selling, one mile — Free Pass won.
KID LAVIGNE IS KEADY ; ..
FOE THE AUSTBALIAtt
Clever Lightweight Boxers Will
, Meet To-Night in Oakland Be
fore the Acme Club.
Tim Heagerty, the clever Australian
boxer, will have his tirst opportunity to
night - in America to make good ;his
Australian record.. That he will do so* his
friends seem to have no doubt. He enters
the ring heavier than he has ever been
before after having undergone a most
careful preparation. ,
Lavlgne's friends are also confident of
the outcome, as the Saginaw man has
Improved steadily since he commenced
training. A fast fight Is looked for from
the tap of the gong. The spectators who
saw Lavigne's flght with "Walcott know
what this means.
: The men are both at weight. They will
go through the formality of weighing «r.,
however, this afternoon at 3 o'clock at
Harry Corbett's.
There has been no betting on the fight
Some of Heagerty's friends have tried to
get on small bets, but found no takers.
The public has no line on Lavigne's pres
ent form as compared with his champion
ship form, and only a hazy Idea of
Heagerty's ability. This accounts for the
absence of wagering.
The first brace of boxers will enter the
ring at 8:30. Boats leave here at 7:30 and
8:05. The Exposition building, in which
the bouts will be held, will hold 5000 spec
tators.
There will be two six-round prelimin
aries. Henry Martin and Jack 1 Rlttler
will box at 122 pounds and Jim Brown and
Jack Murphy at 150 pounds.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 11.— Roy
Overman Hadley.- '03. was unanimously chosen
to i the position or editor-ln-chtef of the Dally
Palo Alto, the student daily,. at the itudent
body electlbn this afternoon.-
'Elsie Bramble second, Ida Penzaac* third
Time, 1:44.
Sixth race, selling, one mils and a quarter-—
Little Elkin won, Irving Mayor second. Delo.
raine third. Time. 2:11#.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AW% 4%. JO There is a certafn
HirOJixfl come to us
*^ .^* ! through many cen-
--^ «,' tnries and is
Disease bb
outside of
those who have learned from bitter ex-
perience know anything of its nature or
characteristics. At first a little ulcer or
sore appears, then glands of the neck or
groins swell ; pimples break out oa tha'^j
breast, back or some other part of thj-'w
body and fill with yellow pustular matter} '
the mouth and throat become sore anrr
the tongue is at all times badly coated.
Headaches are frequent, and muscles and
joints throb and hurt, especially during
damp, rainy "weather. These are some of
the symptoms of that most loathsbme of
all diseases, Contagious Blood Poison.
s+ .. This strange pois-
LontaglOUS on does not affect
Blood Poison «& y
eaten up with it within a short time after
being inoculated, while others show but
slight evidence of any taint for a long
time after exposure, but its tendency in
every case is to complete destruction of
the physical system, sooner or later.
S. S. S. is a safe and infallible cure for
this bad disease— the only antidote for
this8pecific poison. It cures Contagious
Blood Poison in every form and stage
thoroughly and permanently. S. S. S.
contains no Mercury, Potash or other
harmful minerals, but is Btrictly and
entirely a vegetable remedy, and we offer
$i,ooo.oo reward for proof that it is not.
OUR. MEDICAL which waa estab'
DFPARTMrvT lished years agro,
D *- yAIV ™ ENX » is doinff a noble
work in relieving Buffering:. Give opt
physicians a short history of your ct mr*
and set their advice. This will cyBl
you nothing, and what you say will em
held in strictest confidence. With
their help and a copy of our book on
Contagious Blood Poison you can
manage yonr own case and cure yon**
self at home.
SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, 6a.
Jvisit DR. JORDAN'S great j
i MUSEUM OF ANATOMY J
A CJ5 1351KASnTST.t8t.6&*rJi.3.rca. >
\ , C3^ The Larpest Anatomical Museum in the \
0 Htjtw World. WnJcnesses or any contracted m
'L VXS*5n * sel5e poaktlrrlf carnd by the oldest J
0 ixi p 1 Sp«culist on tlie Coast Eit. 36 years. ©
1 flS^i OR* JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEM J
A F$S?58 Con»ult*tion free »nd strictly private. \
m I X*%r H Treatment psrsonally or by letter. A M
\ 9 ff^'n H * mmti " Cur* in erery can undertaken. W
m F I \ ft w "' e *" Book. PBiLosurqv or A
W • Q M> B4BHUCK, MAILED F2E23 I A ¥
1 4 »alu»blebookfo»mfn) -«»«.«.
f OB. JORDAN * CO., 1031 Afarfcct St.S. P W
jgN DR. MEYERS & CO.
f(mV\ SPECIAL!STS f 0R MEN.
f O €AW \ £ at abllshed 1S8L Coa,^
|'\Cl**ri sultation and prlvau boo^f
\^W 731 MARKET ST.
N*^>^ SAN FRANCISCO, CAiLFAVOR THE LAW
FOR EXCLUSION
Nation's Legislators Give
Expression to
Opinions.
No Fear Is Entertained That
the Measure Will Not
Pass. <
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET M
\Y., WASHINGTON, Dec. 11—Three hun
dred and nineteen Representatives and
sixty-six Senators have now signified
their intention of voting for the exclusion
cf Chinese. Following are among the
¦Piters received by The Call correspond
ent to-day:
"Replying to your letter of December
8, concerning Chinese exclusion, I will
say I am in favor of the extension of th.j
Chines© exclusion act. I do not Tknow
anybody in Congress who is not. and I
flo not know anybody who has not been
in favor of it all the time. This whole
nullaballoo that has been raised over the
country by a lot of meetings and travel
ing and junketing committees is for the
purpose of having it said (.after all Is
over), "We did it.
"It is all simply so much nonsense.- Con
gress will take care of the question.
There is no doubt about it, and there
never was any doubt about it. There
*MV,t r £ as a tlme wnen ten members in
either house of Congress were not in fa
vor of it. Yours truly,
"CHARLES H. GROSVENOR. 1
orosvenor is one of the House leaders
mii S a member of the Rules Committee,
which arranges the order of business in
the House of Representatives.
Lodge Speaks Plainly.
Senator Lodge writes; "I am, of course,
heartily in favor of the continuation of
all acts now on the statute books pro
hibiting the entrance of Chinese persons
into the United States."
Senator Henna writes that he has made
It a rule to withhold expressions of opin
ion until called upon to vote, but adds-
I am not unfavorable to the matter pre
sented in your letter."
.Senator Stephen B. Elkins says: "He
-mr-ns to your letter of December 3 I
S'.vor continuing the present law "
senator Hawley writes: "The Chinese
exclusion law will be re-enacted without
Question.
Senator Scott declares: "I will vote to
B «« <*« new law stronger than the so
called Geary act."
Senator Dolliver states: "All mv sym
pathies are with those who are endeav
oring to exclude the Chinese."
Senator Allison writes: "In reply to
your letter I will say I am in favor of
the re-enactment of the Chinese exclu
sion act."
Senator Stewart remarks: "Sentiment i
Is all one way— in favor of exclusion."
No Opposition, in Sight.
Senator Heltfleld says: "There is no
opposition to the measure."
Senator Beveridge announces: "I shall
vote to exclude Chines© laborers."
Senator Jones of Arkansas writes: "I
am in favor of excluding Chinese, though
I don't like to vote except in answer to
a. roll calL" \
The report In the San Francisco Exami
ner to the effect that Senator Warren of
Wyoming would oppose exclusion Is
shown to be incorrect by the following
letter:
"I ana in favor of continuing the pres
ent exclusion law unless we can better
Senator Frye says: "In my opinion
Congress will at an early day extend the
, Chinese exclusion act."
Senator Vest writes: "The Chinese ex
clusion act should be re-enacted."
- » Senator Burrows has this to say: "The
present act should be continued."
Congressman Hepburn of Iowa states:
"I favor exclusion."
Amos P. Cummlngs writes: "The fail-
Tire of Congress to re-enact the exclusion
law would be a blow at every hearth
stone and would poison the smoke from
every factory in the country. This is no
time for talk. The people want quick
action. The law should be strengthened
at once." j
E&n Francisco, Thursday, 12 December. 1901.
I Dainty aift for I
a jirl, $12.50 8
\ Q 1 ■ : 1 ! : a ■ I
< To a jdrl who is musical and who has an accumulation of g
j sheet music a music cabinet such as pictured above ought to H
; prove a very acceptable gift We feel safe in saying that it I
i wilL m
> This particular piece stands 39 inches hifch and 10 H
\ inches wide. It is built of mahoganized birch and will har- |
j moaize with most any piano. An artistic carved lyre on door ■
, gives a hint as to what it is used for,' and within there are six 1
, : removable shelves and a compartment ten inches hij?h for 1
I 3 books. Price. $12.50. : ,v 0 H
Seven floors of hints for sensible presents. Come in just |
; to look. I
Beginning Saturday this store will remain open every B
evening until Christmas. . D
y (Successors to California Furniture Co.) I
I 957 to 977 MarKct f Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue, j
TOUR OF INVESTIGATION ENDS
IN A HARROWING SHIPWRECK
Harbor Commissioners Leave on a Launch to Examine Wharves
Along the City Front and Strike a Submerged Pile Which
Holds Them Prisoners Until a Whitehall Goes to Rescue
CARTOONIST'S IDEA OF WHAT HAPPENED WHEN THE LAUNCH CARRYING OFFICIALS OF THE 1 BOARD
OK HARBOR COMMISSIONERS ON A. TOUR OP OBSERVATION GOT 1IIXED IN THE PILES OF MAIN
STREET WHARF AND REFUSED TO CONTINUE THE VOYAGE.
THROW out the life line," yelled
Harbor Commissioner Kilburn.
as he grabbed a piece of fish line
and endeavored to make fast to
a teredo eaten pile under Main
street wharf.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1901.
"Don't jump overboard, Rudolph, -with
all those things about you." shouted Per
cy Henderson, as he -restrained Commis
sioner Herold jj from a rash attempt to
swim ashore.
"I wish I had my buckboard here," sad
ly mused ex-Governor Budd, "for then I
could get off and walk when I wanted
to."
"Send for Harry Ryan," ventured Chief.
Engineer Norton, "he could get us out ot
this predicament."
And every minute the smokestack of
■the gasoline launch, from which this dis
tinguished party were anxiously seeking
to escape, gave a little chuch-chuch, the
wheel went round, but nary a budge was
there. The launch was fast to a sub
merged pile under Main street wharf, and
time was flitting rapidly by. \
It was an awful time for the investigat
ing Commissioners. They started out
gayly enough In a launch to view the
docks, and there they were stranded un
der a wharf.. That broken pile held the
launch as in a vice. There was water all
around them, and the heavy planks above
them. . No spund could be heard from be
neath, although Budd tried the stentorian
tones of his voice in all th« varied pitches
he had used on the banks of the Mokel
umne, Cosumnes anfi Stockton slough.
"My lunch is getting cold," moaned
Kilburn.
"Oh, drat your lunch," responded Her
old, "I want a drink."
"■Let somebody Jump overboard and
swim ashore," said Chief Engineer Nor
ton.
Henderson pulled a nail out of his
pocket, got a piece of twine somewhere
and dropped it over the side. Bottom was
struck at about four feet.
"Four fathoms deep. I dare not at
tempt to swim," responded Henderson.
DUNPHY MURDER
TRIAL BEGINS
Policemen Testify Con
cerning Statements
A jury was secured in Judge Cook's
court yesterday to try James M. Dunphy,
who is charged with the murder of Ed
ward Stanton October 27 last at the cor
ner of r Minna and- Mary streets. The
talesmen who satisfactorily answered all
questions and were sworn to try the case
are J. M. Merrill, J. E. Dealey, J. W.
Tamm, Jamel Walsh, I. Frahm, ' J. H.
Dooley,. George Lake, W. H. Tllson, W.
E. Lovejoy, Si. Stockwitz, Andrew Jack
son and. Philip Hirleman. The defendant
is represented by Attorney J. J. Barrett
of this city and Attorney John T. Ryan of
Vallejo. ' Assistant . District Attorneys
Weller and. Alford are conducting- ■ the
prosecution.'
It was apparent from the cross-exam
ination of the witnesses by Attorney Bar
rett that self-defense will be pleaded and
justification urged from the alleged fact
that Stanton : deceived Dunphy' s sister
and talked about It in Vallejo.
Policeman R. ,N. Silver testified to ar
resting Dunphy. a few minutes after the
commission of the crime. He said that
Dunphy -stated he had spoken to Stanton,
who said he would blow the roof of -his
head off,' and made a motion with his
band toward his hip pocket. Then Dun
phy shot him, as he, did.not want to take
any chances. Dunphy said that Stanton
had deceived his sister and he had been
searching for him • for two weeks. The
Friday night before the murder Dunphy
said he was unarmed and met Stanton
with four or five friends, and they
"jumped" him. It- was after . that , he
bought the two revolvers which he used
in, killing Stanton. After.' the shooting
Dunphy asked to be protected, as he was
afraid of Stanton's • brother. '■ .'■ v ■ - ■
■ ■. Policemen Robert Conner and- David
"The water is awful cold," said Kil
buTn, as he ■withdrew a finger ' he had
stuck in the briny deep, as he lay prone
on his stomach. The shock and the ex
citement keeled him over, and he was
tenderly laid on the cabin floor, suffering
from nervous prostration.
"Oh, this is awful," -all exclaimed in
chorus. "We'll never get off.- Let us all
yell."
One mighty shout and then another
went up from the stranded Investigators.
It echoed under the wharf, ricocheted on
the swell caused by a' passing steamer,
and was flnally'lost on the windward side
of Goat Island.
The frantic efforts of the party to ex
tricate themselves from a predicament
Into which their tour of investigation had
led them were unavailing. For over two
hours their launch hung on that sub
merged pile, and they were about resign
ing themselves to the apparent fate of
being shipwrecked In sight of land, when
at last help came. A "Whitehall boat
passed about a hundred yards away.
Handkerchiefs, coats and hats were
waved in the air, the whistle was tooted,
and at last the Whitehall waa turned in
the direction of the launch. Wild with
Joy at the prospect of relief they .lumped
on deck and hugged each other. The boat
drew near.
"You first, Herold," said Budd, gal
lantly.
"After you, Governor," said Herold, not
to be excelled In politeness.
"Go I ahead. Chief," and Henderson and
Norton prepared to get on.
"Kllburn first." said the others, and he
was tenderly handed. over the side, laid
on the seats, and rowed ashore. One by
one the others got off. Kilburn was sent
'home in a carriage and all the others
swore one another to secrecy. The launch
floated at high tide, none the worse for
wear. I
BOARD SUSPENDS
SCHOOL TEACHER
William Zimmerman's
; Suit Causes Loss of
The Board of Education yesterday sus
pended William Zimmerman from his po
sition of teacher of German in the Poly
technic High School. , The. suspension is
effective pending "the determination of
charges ; of >.;, incompetency , preferred
against Zimmerman i by Principal W. N.
Bush. The board's action is the result of
Zimmerman's change of base in request
ing an investigation and , then serving a
writ of iniunction on the board. S. V.
Costello, * Zimmerman's attorney, claims
the board's action in suspending his client
is contempt of court, Inasmuch as Judge
Dunne's, writ restrained the board from
removing or suspending Zimmerman un
til it had been decided.
Leave of absence was. granted to Mrs. M.
JoJ.nson for one month.
Murphy practically gave. the same testi
mony as Silver." "' ' '- . ■
B. W. Davis, a steward at the Emer
gency Hospital, testified. that, he did not
find a revolver in Stanton's pocket.
Joseph Frey.ranurse/livirig at 430 Min
na street, was ; an eye-witness to the
shooting. He testified that he was sitting
at , his window, and -heard .two, or three
shots. 'He looked out and saw a man ly
ing on the sidewalk, face downward. He
saw the defendant walk up to the man
stretched on the sidewalk and fire four or
five shots into the prostrate form. ■<■>
This ended -the testimony for the day,
and the case was continued till this morn
ing, t , ;:.... ■ . \K ■■■'■■■■ • v. ,.■ - . .-.
; SACRAMENTO, Dec. 11.— A clairvoyant
styling himself "Sir" T. N. Gordon was ar
rested . this 1 afternoon - on a warrant charging
him with grand larceny, sworn out - by. Mrs.
D. ■ B. Christie, an aged woman, who alleges
that he, defrauded her out of $300. . •
FACTIONAL WAR
IN LABOR PARTY
Bold Scheme to Displace
| J. S. Parry From
Leadership.
Fight. Places Mayor -Elect
Schmitz in Awkward
Predicament.
There is war In the camp of the Union
Labor party. One faction* is clangoring?
for the overthrow of J. S. Parry, chair
man of the executive committee of j tl:e
new party. Night before last under the
guise of proceeding to reorganize the com
mittee, a bold dash was made to supplant
Parry of the Piledrivers' Union by the
election of William D€laney of the'
Machinists' Union. The supporters ot
Delaney In the committee assert that the
raid was successful and that Delaney "is
it." On the other hand- the j Parryltes
maintain tha| the proceeding was void
and .that their man Parry is still the
chairman of* the committee. ■ Indications
point to prolonged and bitter strife.
George F. Aubertlne of the Barbers'
Union i Is in the same boat with Parry.
The committee voted to make J. Dowling
of the Hackmen's .Union secretary:- The
faction which claims that the'reorganiza
tion'was regular and valid. elected as vice
chairman Timothy Ryan of the Brother
hood of Teamsters, and as treasurer John
McKeon of- the Riggers', and Stevedores'
Union. • ' , ■ '
Parry Close to Schmitz.
The : executive committee consists of
twenty-five members. J. S... Parry, ,wh»
was chairman of. the body" during the Iat8
municipal. campaign. and who insists that
he holds the championship riow,- is com
monly supposed to be next.to Mayor-elect
Schmitz. It is»a well known .fact' that
Schmitz in the- fight* was never, out of
Parry's sight unless he was in hailing: dis
tance; of Ruef. i All ' three were acttve
members of . the Republican Primary.
League, and ln'the roomsof the league.
Ruef and Parry adjusted" the wires, > for
Schmitz's nomination by the Labor party.
In fact Schmitz 1 was waited on by a com
mittee and; agreed .to accept the nomin-
ation before. the convention was' called
into existence. Ruef's scheme' to obtain
for Schmitz the indorsement, of the Re
publican Municipal ■ Convention*-was-~not :
carried. out, but. the plan to elect Schmitz
without such; Indorsement "was readily
adopted by .Ruef and Parry, and proved
successful. „. A ' .' .' .' ' ...
By the turning, down of Parry several
labor- leaders of Democratic tendencies
who have not had an opportunity -to get
next to Schmitz hope to approach the pie
counter of the next administration and
help themselves, and 'their - friends ■• to
choice slices. I It is common . rumor that
several executive • committeemen have
made. promises of patronage, -and it now
remains to be seen whether they 'can
make good. • ■ - -• .;•;;-•.•.;;
Embarrassing for Mayor-Elect.
Mayor-elect Schmitz . Is likely to be
placed in a very embarrassing position
between the two factions. . He may decide
to recognize both in the award of patron
age to party workers, but he^will doubt
less first employ, all the tact and diplo
macy that he possesses ta bring abrut
reconciliation in the camp. . The outbreak
of hostilities took 'place just at the time
that the committee was considering, plans
for putting a labor ticket in the ' field at
San Jose, with the^hope of capturing the
works at the spring election in that town.
It is highly, probable that the work of
extending the organization to other locali
ties will be suspended ! pending the war
over - the < distribution of San Francisco
patronage. ...... . ■ ■ . ■ • . . ■ . '
Rallying to Mrs. Kin'caid's Support.
The hint thrown '■. out. recently by Mayor",
elect' Schmitz 1 thatVthe;;Board? of "Educa
tion ought to be reorganized by the ex
clusion of women has alarmed, the friends
of Mrs. Klhcaid.. >■•••■' ' •
The Association of Collegiate Alumnao.
composed of resident college women of
all universities, has adopted the following
resolutions:
Whereas, It Is Just and expedient that ' a
woman should be a member of the San Fran
cisco Board of Education; and
Whereas, The thoughtful and economical
work of Mrs. Mary W. Klncaid has proven
profitable to the school children I and to the
citizens of San Francisco, now, therefore, be it
-Resolved, That it is the sense. of the Cali
fornia Branch of the Association of Collegiate
Alumnae that Mrs. Klncaid should be re
appointed or a 'woman equally competent should
be appointed to the San Francisco Board of
Education, and we hereby respectfully peti
tion the honorable, the Mayor-elect of San
Francisco, to this end.
Murderer Dalton Convicted.
PORTLAND. Or., Dec. 11.— William H.
Dalton was <to-day found guilty of mur
der in the first degree for the killing of
James B. Morrow on the morning of No
vember 21. Dalton was jointly indicted
with "Jack" "Wade for. the murder, and
the latter pleaded guilty. James B. Mor
row was on his way home shortly after
midnight when he was held up and killed
by .Dalton and Wade. They mistook him
for a gambler whom they believed to
have a large sum of money on his per
son. Wade will appear to-morrow before
Judge Frazer of tne State Circuit Court,
who will decide whether he is guilty of
murder in the first or second degree.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THREE CHICAGO DOCTORS
Failed to Do for Miss Mabelle 1.
I LaMonte What Was Accom-
plished by Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound. •
"Dear Mrs. Phtkham: — 1 was in
an awful state for nearly three years
with a complication of female troubles
which three physicians called by dif-
ferent names, 1rat the pains were all
the same. . I dreaded the time of my
MABELLE L. LiMONTE.
monthly periods for it meant a couple
of days in bed ir> awful agony. I final-
ly made up my, mind that the good
■ doctors were guessing ; and hearing
from different friends such good re-
ports of Lydia TE. Pinkhaxn's Veg-
etable Compound, I tried that. I
bless the day I did, for it was the
dawning of a new life for me. «I used
five bottles before I was cured, but
when they were taken I was a well
woman once more. 1 Your Compound is
certainly wonderful. Se reral of my
friends have used it since, and nothing \
but the i best do I ever hear from its
use> » __ Yours, Mabullk L. LaMoitte,
222 ; E. 31st St. , Chicago, 111.— $6000
1 forfeit If above testimonial Is not genuine. - ;
If Iiydla E. Pinkham's "Vege-
table Compound could cure Miss
LaMonte— why not you ? ' Try it
and see for yourself .
- Mrs. Pinkham advises sick "wo-
men free. Address, Lynn, Mass.
ADVERTISEMENTS. • '-.:■ "-, ".■■'.?
"" (J • ™l • - . _/'. ~~ J _^/ 1!
MrarnxT im «r mi menu * Mmvi w.oiMniun -
M^jhc blackness of Monday is for-
|y|| gotten when the housekeeper
WsM views, on Tuesday the snow-
drift of linen thlat Has been washed
white with Ivory Soap^ It floats^
Tramp j5 Compel Him to Beg.
BUFFALO, Dec. U.'— Walter H. Brun
ner, aged 16 years, son of a city fireman,
was brought home, to-day from Batavin,
having, as he alleges, - been abducted by
five tramps on Monday.- last.' The boy as
serts that his captors obliged him to beg
for them. :He escaped from" them yestor
day-and went to. the police of Batavla for
protection'. • • • ■ l -
■/ • •'■--■-'•' - ADVEBTISEMENTS.
aeoeeoeoooeooooGoeooooQOCoooeoooooooooooooo
j:BEAMAN
• V Arouse yourself. Feel the Spark
• yj^ v^k of Life in your nerves. Recover
g >^ .4§M the power you have lost.
® V ( *^i$!Hr Would you not like to have your friends
• \ . / W point to you -as. they .used to. do and. say,
©- • I fll "There goes a strongman"? Do you not
9 . . -J i/« I - wish your eye -to be 30 bright, your step so
"«l : • - v S^- ; L ■ X firm and your form so erect that men and '
2 - \ ■ . ■ £■ - ■ : ' - ■ : *\* " women -will admire you and remark at your
sf ■■ ■ -^^ • * \ manly bearing? These are the thoughts upper-
• r < £s " '( • ' \ most In the minds of modern men — physical
Mi j- ■•\>/- ■ 1- ■ .* : . I and . mental perfection, strength and manly
; ©l" :: '• v^ ' r ' ' ■ lpower.
©I 'rVs.' : .>/ ■ •) v "Who does not like to be strong, to feel that
•^^-•/ • r--V^>ir;* J •■-• ■ / he Is equal in strength to any man of his age?
S Vy« _ 1 S --*-•■ ■•■^/i You ' can be If you •wilt obey the appeal here
X V^ '% ■ y -■ j / made to you. ■.::..
5 'V-: ' , ' J J&f Drugs have been tried and have failed.
® -V/x- r '' You know that; but Dr. Mclaughlin's Elec-
O 9^. ***■_-— -JStdSpw trie Belt cannot fall; it is Electricity. and
O V *+ m . - -",t4» "Electricity is LJfe." It gives you the oil with
A V - <^%^5» tVi "which. to set the machinery of your body in
gs *■'' — ,^\/§«!\i\ motion, and a few months' use of It will as-
jm J'^V'">«\Vk*JWiw sure y° u health and happiness for the. rest of
a W r J^AV.z2SS8K. >' our life - " It; is worth its weight in gold to
2 rw^wvAi0tf3a2& ' me," says a recent letter. "I would not sell
• - VftfiiC^SBHfflEL it" for all the gold in this State," writes an-
0 - other grateful patient. It will cure all Nervous
0 \V5/fi£»g&; gtajKH atifl Organic "Weakness . Rheumatism, Lame
g| "tjg'fflffiBB^^^SBga Back, Kidney and Bladder Troubles, Indlges-
Z "' ' Wfflfir^' "\^BB tion - Dyspepsia and all ailments following the
a W8» T 1 effects of dissipation. It will prove of great
Jj ,\ \ value to any man who suffers from these ail-
• 1^ ;•', I I ment3.
9 . 1 JL II Call to-day and test it free, or send for my
a 1 > 8c---;" I I book with full description. I will send it closely
0 I * , v : sealed If you will Inclose this ad.
S 1\~ TLA n Tlif^T 702 MARKET ST.
S Dr. r\. t. McLavgnim, t^^ S an francisco.
• Office hours: 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Nevei sold by agents or drugstores.
$99Q9999999099m9999*99^9+*9**9***f009***9
United Slates Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE Oiv
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP BASLE. SWITZERLAND, ON THE
31st day of December, A.' D. 1000. and for
the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the commissioner:
' ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company f 620,625 00
Cash In Company's Office 35» 4S
Cash In Banks 117.978 36
Interest due and accrued on all
' Stocks and Loans 1,166 67
Premiums in due Course of Collec- '
tion 6C.159 21
Total Assets $836,288 72
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $13,357 8S
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 17,502 73
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 3.0S5 68
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $307,025 26;
reinsurance BO per cent.. 13.5,512 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- . , •.-:."- J .'
ning more than one year,, $130,-
134 17; reinsurance pro rata 68,784 15
Due and accrued for salaries, rents,
etc BR4 36
All other liabilities 31,122 40
Total Liabilities $290,829' 83
INCOME.
Net cash actually received, for fire
• premiums $380,301 72
Received for interest ' and dividends .■•;,".-.•
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 23,087 11
Total Income ..... ...:... . .$404,378 83
EXPENDITURES.
Net 'amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $53,111 73, losses of pre-
vious years) $278,081 66
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ...:.. :..:. 122,003 7S
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers,* clerks, etc.. 1,500 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes- 2,069 72
All other payments and expendi-
tures • 1.863 00
'Total ' Expenditures .....$407.4O> 12
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.. ..$254.353 25
• JUsk and Premiums. Fire Risks Premiums
Net amount of Risks »
• written . during the .--••■'
year ................. $42,807.52S $502,379 54
Net amount of Risks
expired during > the
year ... • • • • • • • 42.627.610 478.544 02
Net ■ amount in force
December. 31, 1000 36.823,700 437.159 43
SAML. R. WEED (of Weed & Kennedy),
• ■.. . , ■•>..- ■ Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of January, 1001. F. FISHBECK.
Notary Public.
SYZ & CO.. General Agents. _
San Francisco, Cal.
MacArthur Goes to Denver.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 1L— Maipr General
Arthur MacArthur, -who has been sta
tioned in -this- city as a member of the
board of army posts and as a member of
the army provost board, has been ordered
to Denver to assume command of the De
partment of Colorado, vice Brigadier Gen
eral H. C. Merriara.. retired.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
■ QF THE ■
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL, SWITZERLAND, ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1900, and
for the year ending on that day. as made to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of Sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $712,577 50
Cash in Company's Office ISO 18
Cash in Banks 63,808 57
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3,291 fl~
Premiums In due Course of Collection 87,770 47
' Total Asset* $S67,637 37
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $12,656 29
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 17,982 21
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 5,230 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $372,752 02;
reinsurance 50 per cent 188,378 Cl
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $137.-
053 00; reinsurance pro rata 73.950 12
All other liabilities 42.295 4»
Total Liabilities $333,510 12
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $438,512 04
Received for Interest and dividends
' on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from '
all other sources 21.863 AS
Total Income $160,378 62
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $C9.022 28. losses of pre-
vious years) $371,796 63
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 120.913 23
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 3,000 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 12.469 59
All other payments and expenditures 19,78(5 50
Total Expenditures $327.0fi5 83
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $326.740 60
Risks and Premiums. Fire Rlsks.l Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written, during the
year $33,162,147 $616.503 82
Net amount of Risks
expired during the ■
year... f..... 58,364.749 694,655 01
Net amount In force
December 31. 1000. 42.437.319 510.705 02
SAML. R. WEED
{Of "Weed A Kennedy). Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me ■ this 7th
day of February, 1901.
. F. FISHBECK. Notary Public.
fi't .STZ & CO.. General Agents.
. ' San Francisco, . CaL
I Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
56
THURSDAY DECEMBER 12, 1901
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
Ittrttn AQ CunKULie&tinu te W. S. LEABX, Kuijep. .
MANAGER'S OFFICE..... i..Tele#liomePre«« *O4
PCBUCATXOir OFFICE. . .Market nnA Till**, 8. V.
Telephone Pros 201.
EDITORIAL BOOMS SIT to 221 St«Ten»«n St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered *r Carrier*. 15 Ceatt Pet Week.
Single Copies. 8 Cents.
Terms fir Hall. Including Poatacet
DA.1LT CALL flndufila* Bnirfay). on» ye«r «H.0»
TjAXLY «*HT-r- <!nclu<ilnr Sunday), C months............... t .09
DAJX.Y «"*tj. (lndufiln* Ennd&y), t months............... 1.60
rJAXl/r CXLLr-By S2n*U Monti.......... Oa
EUKPAT CAU4 On* Taw.. l.»
WJEK2LLT CAJLL, On* Tear. l.M
▲XX postsuurters are authorised to reoelve
subscriptions. 1
Buaxri* cap! «■ will te t orwmrted whea ixnw ***•
ICftfl ss&sertbtiv to orfcrfa* chant* of main— •herald be
putfanln to (Tf* both KSW AND OLD ADDRESS is order
to Uma* a. prompt cxtS eanvet oomnnsao* with th*lr nonest.
OA&&AXD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Xing** Futl(* AtaxtUbf, XuiMtt* Bxtfldkg, Ofcioftf*.
<• oka, DkUec* TeltsJrom "Centna inf.")
KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
«y<y rr.tWT.Tvnr. . .... . Tir-rmlA Square
KHW TOSS BEFKSSEMTATITDt
fTBFHfft" B. EM3TH. 80 Tribune Building
JOBW TORK NEWS 8TANDS1
WUSorNWLstnrts, Botsls A. BrenUao, U Union Bausm
***ii m* *"" TT* 1 **^
CH2CA.OO KSWS STANDS:
■bsmw Boost! P. a Htws Co.: Great Morthtra Hotel:
maeat Boost: AMttcrtsa HottL
WritHUIUTOIT CD. O.) OFFICES. . . .1406 6 SU H. W.
KORTOJI Sk CB-iJfE, Correspondent.
BSAJTOB OFFICES— EH Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
entfl t-J> tfeJocfc tM Eayta, open ontfl «:30 o'clock. <SS
yfc.ii'H.*— cpea tmtfl t:» o'clock. CIS l*ridn. open until
tssV 4/doek. im 1"iw, open tmtn 10 o'clock. tXX Market.
earner f» ■■»■■"» open tsstn t o'clock. 1096 Valencia. op«a
pffl § o*ctodc 10i Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock, NW.
corner Twmtywcond and Itettocky. open until I o'clock,
m manors, open until I p. to.
A "fti v 1 *** y l ftT4 f Vfti
! Grand Opera-house— "A Wife's Peril."
Calif crxtia— "The Cowboy and the Lady."
Tlvtn-'Ta Town."
• Alcasar— "■Christopher Jr."
I Columbia— "A Eoyal Roerue."
Orpaeaza— VaBflartlls.
Chutes, Zoo and "Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
m pi ting.
Fischer's- Vaudeville.
Becreatloa Park— Baseball.
Central Parfc—Vasco Ball Gam*.
Oakland Racetrack— Racea to-dny.
AUCTION SALES.
By G. a TJmbsen— Monday, December 16, Beal Estate, at
14 Montromery street.
CHRISTMAS SHOPPINGS.
BRIGHT sunshine and an air as crisp and cool
as if it were ordered by Santa Claus to fit the
season of his coming have brought the Christ
mas shoppers already from their homes to the streets
and the shops where the holiday goods are gleaming.
The larger stores are already thronged with seekers
after novelties and with purchasers, for the wise shop
per does not at this season postpone buying to an
other day. The shops that,are thronged now will be
crowded next week. The article that most attracts
may be sold by to-morrow. This, therefore, is the
time to buy promptly and avoid the rush.
Every aspect of the time promises a. Christmas sea
son of unsurpassed merriment and' happiness. The
people are prosperous and have bright prospects of a
greater prosperity ahead. They are in harmony with
-the festival season. We are at peace with the world
and with one another. In politics an era of good
feeling has set in. Virtually there is but one party in
the country." No formidable attack is now being
made upon sound money, protection or any other
feature of the legislation upon which our industries
are based. So, too, for a time at least, the strife be
tween labor and capital that disturbed both the East
and the West a few months ago has passed away.
The mills are running, the wage-earners have money
for a merry Christmas, and among all classes there
is that cheerful contentment which is more potent
than money in making a glad holiday.
The merchants of the country have foreseen the
increased demand for Christmas goods and have pro
vided the shoppers with an ampler stock from which
to choose than ever before. The advertising columns
of The Call reflect the increased, and increasing
business of the tirrjfi. Persons Who cannot make* up
their minds what to buy can find a multitude of sug
gestions from our advertisements. There are novel
ties or useful gifts for all kinds of people. Santa
Claus is a great manufacturer. He knows how to
suit every taste, and this season he has done his
best.
Christmas shopping is enough like haymaking to
make it worth while doing it while the sun shines.
We cannot count on the continuance of such bright
weather through all the days from now to Christmas.
Next week the streets may be wet and sloppy with
rain, and then the shopping will have to be done un
der conditions that make it disagreeable and to some
extent difficult. For the present everything is pro
pitious to the shopper. So pleasant is the weather
and so bright the stores that it is a temptation to
wander among them for the mere pleasure of the
outing. Just now neither the park nor the public art
galleries show up so attractively as the shops, and
under the conditions that prevail the shopping itself
may be accounted one of the best pleasures of the
holiday season.
It is questionable whether any other city in the
world presents such a picturesque and radiant ap
pearance as does San Francisco in these afternoons
and evenings when the shoppers and the sightseers
are out in something like full force. The San Fran
cisco type of feminine beauty shows well in walking
costume. Forms of lissome grace animated with
California vigor, faces that glow with the beauty of
rosy cheeks and starry eyes, do not need the acces
sory of ballroom dress and ornaments to give them
an attractiveness that delights every faculty of the
mind. Consequently .their presence on the streets
in such numbers as are now to be seen during busi
ness hours give to the city a truly festal brightness.
We are evidently about to celebrate the merriest
Christmas in our history, and are making ready for
it early. •
A curious story comes from New York City to the
effect that a thief went into a police station and stole
a pair of fine shoes belonging to the head of the de
tective force in that district. It would seem that in
looking for dews the chief must have been going
round barefooted.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,: DECEMBEK 12, 1901
KEEP. COOL.
THIS is a good time for the American people to
keep cool and conserve their wits on the., sub-*
ject of tariff, free trade arid reciprocity. ' 'A;
strong and energetic movement is being mzyde byj
Cuba to break into 'our markets, compete with our
agriculture, obsolete certain of our valuable crops,
disuse our land and, labor and- strike "a blow • at pro-v
tection at the precise point where it needs friends—
our rural interests and people.
Remembering their success in driving this country
into a^war that was avoidable and was being avoided,
by the splendid diplomacy of President McKinley,
the Cubans have organized another junta in New
York. ,It is full jeweled, well stocked in etiquette
and exchequer and was on the ground in Washington
before Congress arrived, picking off the individual
members as they arrived. The* cry of this junta is,
"Open your markets to our sugar # and tobacco, or we
will have a panic!"
The old junta cried, "Spend your blood and money
for our liberty, or we perish!" We did both. We
spent a half billion of dollars, and lives that we could
ill spare. Now they demand that our taxpayers do
nate to them a clear profit of $200 per acre on*their
sugar and tobacco lands, or they will have a panic!
General Wood, our military. Governor of the
island, is away from his post in aid of this anti-panic
gift to Cuba. He is alleged to have said to Senators
that Cuban sugar and tobacco should occupy our
markets as "essential to giving Cuba that degree of
stability which was contemplated when the United
States dispossessed Spanish rule."
With" all due respect to General Wood in his ca
pacity as a soldier, we remark that he is uttering non- .
sense, rank, <fefiled and gibbering nonsense.
The American people resent it. What folly to say
that we assumed the duty of always making Cuba
prosperous, of always assuring a profit on her staple
crops, of always filling her dinner paill Yet that is
our obligation as interpreted by General Wood and
the junta. They have been encouraged by President'
Roosevelt's message on reciprocity. We think they
have read that message with their greed rather than
with their understanding. The President says that
"reciprocity is the handmaid of protection."
We all favor reciprocity, as did President McKin
ley, when and where it leaves protection unbreached
and unweakened. Otherwise it is the same as free
trade to us and we reject it. The precise point at
which we can least afford to smite protection is the
point attacked by this new junta, which presents its
appetite as patriotism and comes holding out its hat
for alms. "Reciprocity is the handmaid of protec
tion." Cuba wants ro borrow our handmaid. because
we are bound to make Cuba prosperous and prevent
panics I
It is as much as we can do by careful legislation to
preserve the conditions of prosperity for our own
people. We are not abroad on any such Quixotic
errand as that of Santa-Clausing prosperity into the
stockings of people who don't wear stockings. The
junta ha9 misread President Roosevelt. The hand
maid they want to borrow is in our service, not in
theirs. ,
President Roosevelt's cordial indorsement of the
policy of providing for extensive irrigation of the
arid lands of the West has had the effect of awakening
the Eastern people to a consciousness that sooner or
later the Government will adopt the policy > and ac
cordingly they are getting ready to accept it. As the
Philadelphia Ledger puts it, "the West is bound to
have irrigation and the East may, as well- be good
natured about, it."
THE MERCHANT MARINE BILL.
O ENATOR FRYE is reported to have stated
that he has reason to believe his merchant
marine bill will be found to have met all the ob
jections made by certain Republicans to the measure
submitted at the last session of Congress, and con
sequently he looks forward to a prompt adoption of
it by both houses. That the Senator is over
sanguine is made evident by criticisms which have al
ready been pronounced upon the measure by Re
publican critics. It is clear, then, that once more
we are to have a prolonged discussion on the subject,
and it may be another postponement of the adoption
of a system of promoting our merchant marine.
It is not easy to understand why loyal Republicans
should persist year after year in demanding a mer
chant marine bill that will suit everybody. No such
demand was made of the framers of the tariff de
signed to protect our industries upon land. Had it
been made and insisted upon there would never haiVe
! been a tariff. Party unanimity can be attained on
matters of detailonly by mutual concessions, and
such. concessions are right arid proper. When men
are agreed that a certain policy is wise, right and
needful it would be foolish for them to refuse to
undertake it solely because no practical measure of
accomplishing it could be devised which in every de
tail and respect accorded with the judgment or wishes
of every individual.
The Republican party has been able to enact
legislation upon every important issue except
that of providing for our merchant marine. Every
pledge made in the platform upon which McKinley
was first elected to the Presidency has been fulfilled
except that relating to American shipping. Mem
bers of Congress managed to agree upon every other
subject, but upon this there has been a persistent
disagreement, and now, after the stanch advocates of
upbuilding our marine have endeavored to conciliate
all, there arises once more the old cry that the bill
is objectionable in this feature or in that.
A merchant marine bill that will suit the individual
ideas of every Republican in Congress" i9 not to be
expected. If we are to wait until such a bill be
framed we shall never have an American merchant
marine upon the high seas that is at all commensurate
with our needs. In making up a tariff Republicans
did not wrangle over particular schedules. They de.
sired a protective tariff, and in due time they enacted
one. It may be objectionable fo this man or that in
some one or more particulars, but as a whole it sat
isfies the country, It protects our industries. It
brought an immediate return of prosperity to capital
and to labor. If, however, that policy had been
created in the same way as the principle of protecting
American commerce on the seas has been treated we
should be to this day exposed to the competition of
European cheap labor, and our. prosperity would be
Measured by a much lower standard than it is. *
In his address at the Charleston exposition Sena
tor Depew, in referring to the failure of the 'United
States to obtain a fair share of South . American
trade, said: "Our failure to capture or hold what is
legitimately our own is due to the fact that we have
abandoned the sea. Our country, with its superb
energy and limitless productive powers, but. without
an adequate merchant marine, is like Hercules
chained to his forge, or an eagle clipped of. its wings.
Until ships under the American flag are carrying
American merchandise and establishing ; routes and
ports and banking facilities for American commerce,
we cannot possessor enjoy our inheritance. When
the isthmian canal is opened, built, owned and con
trolled, as it' will be, -by the United States, our pov
erty on the ocean .will make it the opportunity of our
rivals." s
No, intelligent man will question the truth of those
statements. - We are losing markets solely because we
have abandoned the seas to European shipping. It
is time to put an end to that foolish policy. The
.Erye bill, therefore, even if not absolutely satisfactory
to everybody, should be enacted. The country needs
it, the Republican party has promised it, and the
people demand it. - . .
Senator Warren of Wyoming is quoted as having
said recently of the reciprocity treaties: "These
treaties expired by limitation and cannot be revived.
It is questionable even whether new treaties can be
negotiated and submitted under the two year restric
tion of the Dingley act." It is said that other Sena
tors hold the same. view, and it is therefore possible
we may see the reciprocity question settled satisfac
torily by being dismissed from our politics altogether.
THE NEW YORK PROGRAMME.
WHEN on the eve of the assembling of Con-,
gress the Democratic caucus met for the
purpose, of nominating candidates for the
Speakership and other offices, there was presented,
from the New York delegation a set of resolutions
outlining a policy for the party to pursue in dealing
with the principal issues that are to come up during
the session." As the resolutions made no mention of
silver, a member from Texas promptly moved to sub
stitute the Kansas City platform. A wrangle ensued
and then the whole thing was referred to a"! com
mittee.
To the general public the affair appeared to be
nothing, more than another of those factional fights
which have now become something like a regular
part of the proceedings of every Democratic meet
ing. It was therefore passed over as an incident of
no particular import, and comparatively little atten
tion was paid to it.'
'It now appears, however, by reports from New
York, that the incident has a larger significance than
appeared on the surface. The resolutions, which are
now spoken of as "the New York programme," were
part of a plan devised for the purpose of. harmonizing
the gold and the silver wings of the party 'and putting
the "programmers" in a position where they 'would
have advantage over all rivals in the struggle for party
control. It seems to be conceded that the resolu
tions were not written in Washington, but were
drawn up and discussed in New York and sent on to
Washington for presentation to the caucus. Had it
not been for the vigilance of the silver man from
Texas the scheme might have gone through, and
Democracy might now be half-way pledged to .some
thing in the way of a programme that would leave
Bryanism out of sight long before the next Presi
dential election.
There was, moreover, a. certain amount of New
York politics involved in . the programme. It is
stated that the scheme was worked out by Tammany
politicians, though it is by no means certain that
Croker dictated it. According to these authorities
the plan was designed for the purpose of displacing
David Bennett Hill as the leader of. Democracy in
New York, and consequently a possible nominee for
the Presidency in 1904. Hill has repeatedly said that
at this time the Democratic. party should .not adopt a
platform, but await developments, and had the New
York Congressmen succeeded in getting the repre
sentatives of the party in the House to accept the
programme ' offered them Hill would have been side
tracked and would have been compelled either to
follow the Tammany lead or fall out of the Demo
cratic procession. ' t .
The scheme failed because the Southern and West-
em Democrats in Congress do not lilje to accept a
New York leadership. They resent the assumption
of the New Yorkers and are still sore because of the
failure of New York Democracy to support Bryan.
That feeling led to the rejection of the programme
as presented to the caucus. The fight, however, is
not yet over. The committee to which the caucus
resolutions were referred is to report as soon as,Con
gress reassembles after the holidays, and then we may
hear much more of the programme and get a further
understanding of what it means and whom it is de
signed to crush.
Democratic members of Congress are* said to be
waiting impatiently for Gorman to returnto the Sen
ate,i.an event which is expected to take place next
March. It is their belief that once in the Senate he
can formulate a policy for the party, and should he
succeed they are ready to support him for the Presi
dential nomination in 1904. • ...
It is hardly likely the proposed Congressional in
vestigation of Maclay's "History of the Navy" will
amount to anything. The charges made against
Schleyhave caused it to be excluded from the list of
text-books at Annapolis, and if Congress will abstain
from advertising it the thing will soon be out of print
and forgotten.
According to reports from New York the outward
manifestations of the recent copper deal were nothing
to the true inwardness of it, and there is talk of get
ting up some kind of legal investigation that will turn
it inside out and show how the wheels worked in the
interior. . . ,
If Tom Johnson can aspire to the Presidency be
cause he was elected Mayor of Cleveland, why should
not General Patrick Collins of Boston have a boom
and proceed to order a hat so much too large for
him that it can accommodate a Presidential bee?
•The way in which the whirligig of time brings
about its revenges is going to be shown by the f^ct
that those who did not share in the rapture and the
cost of the, opera season are going to have a fatter
Christmas than many of those who did.
Secretary Gage hit the nail squarely on the head
when in referring tothe policy of granting subsidies
to build up the American merchant marine he said:
"The expedient is temporary, and prompt results are
desirable." ' . •;■'.< : ' : -l
Count Boni de.Castellane has' appeared again in a
debtors' court in Paris. It is perhaps not interesting
to observe that the Count, as usual, had a wealth of
nerve and an appalling poverty of money.
( There are said to' be more than; 300 applications
for. divorce on file in the courts of Washington City,
so the capital is evidently getting something of a
Chicago gait on. • * ' . — , ■ ' •
The decisiohsvjn the island cases make it certain
that the constitution follows Justice Brown, but
leave it .uncertain whether Brown 'follows the" flag:
COMPETITION IN GAS PERMITTED
UNDER PROVISIONS OF CHARTER
EDITOR The Call— Sir: Will you please inform a sub
scriber through your paper whether the gas company
has a right under the law and the franchise it holds to
charge different rates for supplying gas to its custom-
"■-'- '••. ers?- Some of the residents of this section are paying
$1 25 per 1600 feet, while the writer is obliged to pay $1 45
because he refuses to sign a contract to take gas from
the Pacific Gas-_ Improvement Company for a term of years
or otherwise to continue to take from the Pacific providing an
opposition company lays mains and offers to supply to con
sumers. If all of the gaspayers would foolishly sign the con
tract this enterprising Pacific Company, submits we never
would have an .opposition company, for the good reason that
the new. company would have no customers to look to for the
sale of its gas. Some districts are getting gas as low a3 50
cents a thousand, while all In this district outside those who
have already, bowed to the will of the gas monopoly, are pay
ing $1 40. Does j the law and the ' franchise under which this
company exists allow of such discrimination? Respectfully,
; . E. DUNN, £62 Ninth avenue, Richmond District.
San Francisco, Dec. 9, 1901.
Mayor Phelan \ said last evening that the Pacific Gas Im
provement Company's three-year contracts with consumers
were valid under the charter and legitimate as a form of
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A TEN-CENT PIECE— I* A., City. A
dime of 1835 is not a premium coin.
BISPHAM— Subscriber, City. David S.
Bispham, principal barytone of the Royal
Opera, Covent Garden, London, was born
in Philadelphia January 5, 1857.
RIGHT OP WAY— S. T. D. C, Grass
Valley, Cal. In order to answer the ques
tion as to the right of way it would be
necessary to know between what dates
the road was used by the public.
. GLEN A. GREEN— Subscriber, Oakland,
Cal. The Call's Index does not show that
any one by the name of Glen A. Green
was drowned in the wreck of a vessel
bound from Alaska to San Francisco since
July 31, 1901.
' ACTRESS— Subscriber, Oakland, Cal.
Letters intended- for actors or actresses
who are with a company that is moving
from place to place should be directed
to either the New York Clipper or the
New York Dramatic Mirror to insure de
livery-
HUSBAND'S RIGHT— J. D. S., Paso
Robles, Cal. Thirty-five years ago a hus
band in California had the same absolute
right over the community property to dis
pose of the same as he would of his sep
arate property or to mortgage the same
as he has now.
YANKEE SULLIVAN— A. S..^ Sacra
mento, Cal. "Yankee" Sullivan, pugilist,
was confined in the headquarters of tho
Vigilance Committee of 1856 in San Fran«
cisco' on Sacramento street, near Drumm,
at the time he committed suicide by open
ing a vein in one of his arms.
SUPREME COURT— Subscriber, City.
What is the cost of taking an appeal from
the State Court to the Supreme Court of
the United States is a question that can
be answered only; by a lawyer after an' in
vestigation of the facts of the case, as
much depends on the preparation of the
appeal.
GAME OP CARDS— S., City. Before an
swering the question asked as to the right
to play certain cards in which high, low,
jack and game figures this department
would" like to know if the game was
seven-up, pedro or pedro sancho. The
case is not clearly-stated in the letter of
inquiry.-. • .
MINER'S INCH-J-J. L. H., Shady Run,
Cal.' A miner's inch is the amount of
water. that will pass in twenty-four hours
through an opening one inch square un
der a pressure of. six inches. With this
as a basis for. calculation", you can deter
mine the flow of water through any sized
aperture.
PEARLS— Subscriber, Mayfleld, Cal.
Pearls are found in all waters where mus
sels or oysters abound. The most exten
sive fisheries are In the Red Sea, the Per
sian Gulf, the Indian Ocean and off the
island of Ceylon. The greatest proportion
of pearls . are found in the oysters flshed
off the coast of Ceylon'; the average is one
in every ten oysters. A plan of making
pearls grow at will was submitted by one
Linnaeus to the- Swedish Government, and
that was. to bore a small hole through the
shell of a river mussel and Insert a small
grain of sand so as to afford a nucleus- for
a pearl. He established the practicability
of his plan and was rewarded by the Gov
ernment with a cash prize of $2200. As a
commercial venture it was not a success.
SOLAR PLEXUS— Ignorance, Berkeley,
Cal. Plexus is the name given In anat
omy to a netwo'rk of vessels or nerves in
the human body. The location of the so
lar plexus is the dorsal of the stomach.
It is the largest of the. three great sym
pathetic : plexuses, situated In the upper
part of the abdomen, behind the stomach
and in front of the aorta. It consists of
an intricate network of toerves associated
with the ganglia, receiving the upper
splanchnic nerves and some branches of
the vagus and giving oft numerous
branches which accompany the arteries
to the principal viscera of the abdomen,
constituting secondary plexuses. Its two
principal masses, right and left, are
known from their form as semi-lunar
ganglia.
WATER RIGHTS— S. T. T>. C, Grass
Valley, Cal. The Supreme Court of Cali
fornia in the case of the Vernon Irriga
tion Company vs. the City of Los-An
geles, 108 Cal. Reports, says: "The ri
parian owner is entitled to the continuous
flow of the stream as part and parcel. of
the estate "and not as an easement or in
corporeal right, issuing out of tho land,
and he does not own the corpus of tho
water, but incident to his riparian right
has a right to appropriate a certain portion
of it, and an appropriator cannot acquire
a right to any of the waters of a stream
to the prejudice of a riparian owner by
any use, except under the st&tute of lim
itation." There is also the following de
cision in the case of Hargrave vs. , Cook,
108 Cal.: "The right of a riparian owi;er
to the waters of a stream, flowing through
or along his land, is not a right of owner
ship in or to the water, but a usufructory
right," including a right to make use of
a reasonable quantity for irrigation, re
turning the surplus to the natural chan
nel, that it may flow on, in the, accus
tomed mode, . to the lands below.".
IN OR ON— A. S., City. As to the cor
rectness of "an accident occurred on Mar
ket street, or an accident occurred in
Market street" there is much diversity of
opinion. Richard Grant White, in "Words
and Their, Uses," has the following in re
gard to the use of in and on: "An en
deavor toward precision has led some folk
to say. that a man was on Broadway, or
that such, and, auch an event took place
on.Tremont street, and Mr. Howells coun
tenancea this folly by writing: There
were a' few people to be seen on the
streets.' Let. him and all ■ others who
would not be at . once childish and pe
dantic say in the street. In " Broadway,
and' not ■ be led into the folly of endeav
oring to convey the notion - that a man
was resting upon or moving over an ex
tended surface between twoj lines of
houses. A house itself is in Broadway,
not . on it; but' it may , stand on . the line
of the street. An event takes place la a
certain street, whether the actors are on
the pavement, or on the steps, or in the
balcony of . a house lij -that street'or in
the , house ■ itself. , We. are in or within a
limited 'surface, (but "on or. upon one, that
is ; without visible : boundaries."
competition. The charter provides that the Supervisors shall
fix a gas rate. The Supervisors have fixed it at Jl 40, but if a
company is willing to grant a reduction to consumers who will
sign a cdn\ract for three years there is nothing to prevent
such reduction. If the three-year contract at $125 should later
clash with a still lower rate, say $1 20, the Mayor believes that
the consumer signing it would still have the right to claim
the rate fixed by the Supervisors.
"The question, however, whether any cutting of rates
should be allowed," said Mayor Phelan, ."is an interesting
one. The charter says the Supervisors shall fix 'a rate.* Does
that mean a maximum rate or a rate that shall prevail in all
cases? There would be this reason for the latter interpreta
tion: A uniform rate for the entire city would tend to equal
ize conditions, and a resident downtown near the gas works
or the mains would not enjoy the advantages of cheap gas
at the expense of the consumers in outlying districts..
"The right of a gas company to grant a rate lower than
the rate fixed under our charter has never been tested in the
courts. So long as we have the competitive system it Is for
the public good that competition be untrammeled. I should
like to see either ..municipal ownership of gas or a gas monop
oly with stringent regulation by the Supervisors, with a uni
form rate for all districts, from which, of course, there would
be no reductions." mi^m
PERSONAL MENTION.
A. Duncan, . proprietor of Duncan's
Mills, Is a guest at the Occidental.
W. R. Ramsdella, a well known resident
of San Diego, is registered at the Palace.
H. Marks, a dry goods merchant of
Ukiah, is spending a few days at the
Lick.
Dr. W. J. Walker, a prominent physi
cian of Sacramento, Is among the arrivals
at the Palace.
H. I. Seymour, proprietor of the Buffalo
Brewing Company of Sacramento, Is a
guest at the Palace.
Moses S. Wahrhaftig, a lawyer of SaC
ramento, is attending the United States
Circuit Court on business.
W. Kettner, a prominent officer of the
Mystic Shriners and who resides at
Vlsalia, is a guest at the Lick.
Isaac Minor, a merchant of Arcata, Is
down here on a business trip and has
made his headquarters at the Lick.
Dr. I. B. Hamilton, who formerly prac
ticed medicine In Los Angeles, but who Is
now superintendent of several 'mines in
this State, is staying at the Occidental.
Californians In Washington.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived at the hotels:
Shoreham— T. E. Gibbs, Los Angeles; Jo
seph S. Spear Jr. and wife and John I*
Howard, San Francisco. National— R. O.
Lincoln. Ebbltt-Mrs. F. H. Griffith. Wil
lard—S. E. Slade and "family, C. M. Bel
shaw and wife, T. J. Wampeheimer.
Raleigh— William M. Bunker and wife,
Charles A. Riggs ana wife. Arlington —
"W. H. Seamans, all of San Francisco.
Subscribe for The Daily Call for a
period of six months and you will be
entitled to receive a copy of Cram's
Superior Atlas of the "World, edition
cf 1901, at the premium rate of
$150.
New French Butter.
"Vegetallne" Is a new product being
manufactured by a Marseilles firm. It is
a kind of butter which, it is stated, is
especially adapted ito the uses of bakers
and confectioners.
The article is harder and whiter than
butter, which It only resembles in its
fatty nature." It Is obtained by refining
the oil extract of the dried cocoanut.
Qdooooooeoeodoodeoeo&9eeaooooeGoo@0d@oooQo$c
1 ."[JIITT5TMS3
I HI illMl
9
1 //o7 T~? T7 T7
{ CHRISTMAS EDITION
O Will he the greatest Christmas number ever printed* in the West.
I 90 PAGES IN THE QO
§ Op MAGAZINE SECTION JL
§ THE CONVALESCENCE OF JACK HAMLIN.
§ By BRET HARTR
g A 10,000-word story In Bret Harte's happiest vein, and the most expend
§ sivc Christmas feature that has ever appeared in a San Francisco paper.
O . * ' .
• ;;r^:- ■ • ■ ■ •■
• AN ARCTIC DAWN
5 ■[] '■ By JOAQUIN MILLER.
§ SIGN OF THE RED GOOSE
© By MADGE MORRIS.
8 THE ROSE OF SHARON
2 A CHRISTMAS IN YELLOW
J .By KATHRYN JARBOE
§ TERSE CHRISTMAS SERMONS
® By San Francisco Divines.
§ • , MENUS FOR A CHRISTMAS
5 A SANTA' CLAUS STORY
O . By FANNY V. McLEAN.
5 LIFE STORY OF THE LATE
2 MARGARET CROCKER r
2? ■ — _
• - \ ■ -- ■ '
I if\ FULL-PAGE PICTURES a\
% III BY the Following Artht* , 111
9 1 \J CAHILL, BRADSHAV. WARREN, KAHLER, OWENS, 1 \J
J ' PARMENTER, EOHRHAND AND BOREIN.
I A -JOLLY CHRISTMAS GAME.
Q A Checkerboard, with rules, whereby two. three or four can play.
S , The greatest Chtckcr game ever devistd. r - » " . ,
© FREE WITH THE SUNDAY CALL CHRISTMAS EDITION. :
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"I Wouldn't be so concerned about my
looks, Ethellnda," said the homely hus
band, crossly. "Beauty *i3 only skin
deep."
"I know it, Melchior,'* snapped ths
pretty wife, still inspecting the effect of
her new hat In the mirror, "but ugliness
goes clear through."— Chicago Tribune.
"Do you see that woman in batbln j
with the scant bathing clothes?" said the
Asbury Park Chief to a patrolman.
"Yes; 1 see her, but she protested that
If the sult^was any larger she couldn't
have got it into the stingy little bath
houses we " furnish them."— Tonkers
Statesman.
"I don't see why I keep on getting so
much fatter. I only eat two meals a
know, my love. Bat you shouldn't
insist upon crowding yoair breakfast and
luncheon into one meal, and your dinner
and a late supper Into the others-Cleve
land Plain Dealer.
The veteran manager sought to discour
age the girl. •"..' ,.,..., „,.
"My dear young lady." he said, do you
know that life on the stage is laborious,
disappointing and full of heartache,*^
Even in the career of a star there is mOiji
misery than happinesa."
"It ought not to te." she responded,
"with such a man as you to planet."
"Young ■woman," replied the manager,
frowning darkly, "you shall have your
way. I can see that If I don't give you
an opening you will go to writing things
for the newspapers." — Chicago Tribune.
"Pa," said little Willie, glancing up
from his book, "what are 'sharps and
flats'?"
"Well er— flats are places like this we re
living in." replied Mr. Puirsole.
"But what are 'sharpa'?"
"I suppose they're the janitors."—Phil
adelphia Press.
Walnut *nd Pecan Panache. Townsend. •
Choice candles. TownaencTs, Palace Hotel"
CaL Glace Fruit SCc per lb a: Townsend's.'
Special Information supplied flally to
business houses and public men try the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-,
tromery street. Telephone Main 1043 •
Gnillet's Christmas extra mince pies. lc*
cream and cake. 90S Larkin St.; phone East 13*. •-AMUSEMENTS.
BEL&SCO ahid THJUJCSstjtfWb
'* tocat arr kau
TO-NIGHT-ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
A BIG SUCCESS.
Chas. E. Blancy's Comedy Drama. -.
THF
ELECTRICIAN
An Electric Power-house In Full Operation.
THE SENSATION OP THE YEAR.
PRICES M V tV ings IOc t° 50c
liViWL.^ Matinees IOc. lie. 25c
Next 'Week — "MULDOON'S PICNIC."
A BILL THATJS A HUMMER!
Sherrie Mathers, Norma Whalley,
Sam Marion and William McCart.
Flo Irwin and Walter Hawley." ;
Dumond's Parisian Minstrels and
the Bicgraph. Last times of La
Tortajada, Fred Klblo, Fraser
Troupe and Werden and Shepherd.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Opera
Cha-lra and Box Seats. 50c.
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATIXEE SATURDAY.
S. MILLER KENT,
PRESKNTING
THE COWBOY AND THE LADY.
By CLYDE FITCH. Author of "Barbara
Frietcliie." etc.. etc.
New Tork Knickerbocker Theater Production.
NEXT— SUNDAY NIGHT.
THOMAS JEFFERSON,
Presentinff on a Macnificent Scale
"RIP VAN WINKLE."
SEATS READY.
THIS WEEK AICD NEXT "WEEK!
EVERY NIGHT (INCLUDING SUNDAY.)
MATIXEE SATURDAY.
America's Foremost Comic Opera Comedian,
JEFFEBSON DE ANQELIS,
In the Enormously Successful Operatic Novelty,
A Royal Rogue.
By Chas. Klein and "Win. T. Francis.
BRIGHT, WITTY, BRILLIANT.
On the 23d— MARY MANNERING In
"JANICE MEREDITH." %
MATINEES SATURDAY AXD SUNDAY.
To-night and Every Evening This Week,
MINNIE SELIGMAN
America' 8 Greatest Emotional Actress,
In Sardou's Great Play, N
A Wife's Peril.
Mafle Famous fcy Lily Langtry.
- POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c,- 25c, C9c, 75c. :
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees, 23c
Next Week— UINNIE- 8ELIGMAN in "DI-
PLOMACY."
EVERY EVENING AT S SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
This Week Last of the Famous
POLLARD AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
"IN TOWN."
MONDAY. Dec. 16, The Favorite
TIVOLI COMIC OPERA COMPANY.
In "LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD."
POPULAR PRICES 23c, 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
f*1§L "f* SJ SU A. "T* C? t£t •-& ¥>
(2 ma L £T% E&^X * Em. Bm w
SELAECO St THALL .Manager*
TMIGHT and AH Week.
The Successful Comedy.
"CHRISTOPHER JR."
Presented by the
EXCELLING ALCAZAR STOCK CO.
Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Seats on sale six days In advance.
PRICES— l£c. 25c, 25c, 50c and 75c
NEXT— "THE -GAY MR. LIGHTFOOT."
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT~2:30 P. M.
Every Thursday, Saturday, Sunday and Tues-
day.
MORE EXCITING THAN BULL FCGHTING.
THE GREATEST GAME OF THE AGE:
ADMISSION £5c AND EOc
CHUTES/nd ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
special To-night \,
The Amateurs,
In en AH-Star Operatic Show.
SATURDAY NIGHT-
PRIZE CAKE WALK.
Telephone for Seata — Park 23.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
t&Ii stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and parks-*
pass tho entrance.
American and European plans.
STORMY VOYAGE
FROM FLATTERY
Shjp Wiliiam H. Smith
Has a Rough Trip
Down Coast. V
Heavy Seas Sweep Her From
Stem to Stern, Causing
Much Damage.
The ship William H. Smith. Captain
Colly, which left Tacoma twenty-seven
aays ago, reached port yesterday after a
stormy voyage. Captain Colly says Cape
Flattery was passed November 15, and an
hour later the ship was in a heavy south
east gale, with a heavy fog, which con
tinued until December 5. During all thia
time there was a succession of gales from
the south and southeast. Heavy seas were
shipped, the bulwarks were stove in, one.
boat was smashed, the wheelhouse was
carried away, and all the companion ways
were flooded, and the cargo shifted.
On December 4 a ship with the head of
the foremast and main topmast carried
away was sighted. The William H.
Smith ■went close enough to see the crew
at work repairing the damage, but could
not discern the vessel's name. As the
vessel. did not make any sig-nals or ask
for any assistance the William H. Smith
stood away on her course. The vessel
was seen in latitude 44 degrees 20 minutes
north and longitude 128 west.
The American ship Luclle, eighteen
days from Oyster Bay and bound for
Keher, H. I., was repprted outside yes
terday afternoon with her foremast car
ried away. When seen by the observer
at Point Lobos she was evidently at
tempting: to make port, but up to a late
hour had not succeeded. The Lucile was
about fifteen miles out when sighted, but
as no signals of distress were flying no
tups went to her assistance.
Nippon Ma.ru Sails for China.
The Nippon Maru of the Toyo Klsen
Kaisha sailed yesterday afternoon for
Yokohama and Hongkong, with the fol
lowing passengers:
For Tokohama — C. W. Atkinson. M. J.
Heney, K. Kimura, Kobayashi, James Lowry,
Y. Mayeda, B. Minarl. K. Nanjo. R. Pacheco,
H. A. Stevens. F. §chmitz.
For Shanghai — A.v€hartln, A. Fabre, C J.
Hession, J. Moreau, G. T. Foole.
For Hongkong — Mrs. C. H. Barth and child.
Mies E. Bittman. Miss A. C. Baldwin, Miss
I. Christian. Miss N. Compton, H. R. Duni
way, Mrs. A. L. Foye. Miss M. Martyn, Wil
liam Rich. William Straughan, Mrs. William
Straughan and child. Dr. Milan Soule, Mrs.
Milan Soule, F. O. Wannleck.
There were ISO Chinese on the steerage
returning home for the New Year holi
days. A woman named Dye Choy left
the vessel at the last moment at the so
licitation of Miss Cameron of the Presby
terian Mission and her relatives.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
Considerable business was transacted
yesterday at the meeting of the State
Board of Harbor Commissioners. Pay
ment was ordered made of the bills of the
San Francisco Timber Preserving Com
pany for the treatment of spring and
cluster piles in ferry slips 1, 5, 6 and 7, and
constructing and repairing clusters in
slips 5f 6 and 7. The number of piles
treated was 665, and the amount of the
claim was $15,118 13. Other demands,
amounting to over $7000, ■were also ordered
paici.
The Johnson Locke Mercantile Com
pany asked for a rebate of $12 25 in
wharfage fees, caused by a two hours'
delay of the steamer Hyades at Main
stTeet wharf, on the night of November
30. when the fog was so heavy on the
bay.
F. S. gtratton, formerly attorney for the
board, presented a request for a hearing
relative to his claim for extra compensa
tion for services as special counsel in the
case of S. C. Irving and the "Paraffine
Paint Company against thQ State Board
of Harbor Commissioners. No action -was
taken.
The request of Colonel Oscar F. Long,
general superintendent of the United
States army transport service, for 'an ex
tension of Folsom street wharf, was re
ferred to the chief engineer.
Chief Wharfinger Percy Henderson re
ported that William H. Young was about
to build a wharf on State property on the
north side of Channel street, 'west of Fifth
street, 1S3 feet long, with a frontage of
ninety-one feet for the use of Wilson
Bros.' Company, lumber dealers.
The chief wharfinger recommended that
the request of the Santa Fe Railway Com
pany for the establishment of a fairway
from a point at Main street wharf No. 1
to Point Richmond, as outlined in a map
filed with the board, be granted. The
chief engineer concurred in the report of
the chief wharfinger, and favorable action
was taken.
A. H. Foster, assistant to the manager
of the Southern Pacific Company, pre
sented a request from the 'Expressmen's
and Draymen's Association of Alameda
County, requesting better facilities for
the housing and storing of freight re
ceived at the foot of Market street and
intended for points across the bay. The
petition was referred to the> chief engi
neer.
Hannah Bros, were awarded the con
tract for constructing sheds on pier 19
Union street wharf, for $12,973.
Plans were considered for a new pier
at Broadway, to be about 800 feet
long and 110 feet wide, which will cost in
the neighborhood of $70,000, and is expect,
ed to be one of the finest on the front
Bids for its construction will soon bo
awarded.
Water Front Notes.
Captain Simms will take charge of the
MEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BOSTON'S BABBERiBEGUIiATIONS
Board of Health Orders Sterilization
of All That Barbers Use on Cus-
tomers.
A special dispatch from Boston May 5,
1909, to the New York Sun, gives as new
regulations or the Boston Board of
Health as to barber shops: "Mugs, shav-
ing brushes and razors shall be sterilized
after each separate use thereof. A spear-
ate, clean towel shall be used for each
person. Material to stop the flow of blood
shall be used only in powdered form, and
applied . on a towel. Powder puffs are
prohibited." Wherever Newbro's "Herpl-
cide" is used on face or scalp after shav-
ing or hair cutting, there is no danger, as
it is antiseptic, and kills the dandruff
germ. * .
AMUSEMENTS.
sJ&r •"■ ' . Every Week Day —
w Rain op Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
R&ces start at 2:15 p. nu sharp.
Ferry-boats leave Ban Francisco at 12 m. and
12:39, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:20 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stepping at the entrance to tba
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Ean Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electrlo
cars go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:16 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last racn.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
BASEBALL.
ALL-AMERICAS
OAKLANDS
TO-DAY AX_2:45 P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
. Kiehth and Harrison Streets.
pTOpITPD'C CONCERT HOUSE.
riOL/niin & A«mi««ior, loc.
MME. CHARITT MARTIN; G. S. Wanrell;
Mullaly Bisters; Chas. Harrington.; Satneila;
Blanche Reynold* ;_Kalacratus. and Hinrjchs'
Orchestra. Reserved seats 25c. Matinee Sunday.
THE SAN /FRANCISCO CALL, .THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12, ..1901.
'j_ _■■_■•.. : : 1^. -r ,:_. _ ADVEBTISEMENTS. -
I I When you smofee youc first box of Si
I I- you will wonder How it can he done! I 1
I j They are so cKaracteristically I I
I I "Turkish" in taste and smell that I j
I I their price (for their quality) is a I J
I I surprise. Compare them with any I I
I I of the 15c. brands in the mar Ket. '... 11
I I We are not' afraid to have you. I i
I I V S. ANARGYROS, J
frcj U 1 fjf* f Aft BIB II M
II B IUvi Ivl JLVr*- ■ II 1 1
Tom O'Shanter In place of Captain Pat
terson, who is going East.
The American steamer Hyades is on a
flying trip to the Sound. On board are a
gang of men from the Risdon Iron Works
making repairs and putting in ventilators
ar-d aide ports. The Hyades has been
chartered by a local syndicate and will be
put on the run between here and the Ha
waiian Islands, carrying freight.
The British ship Orontes, Captain Bain,
bound for Queenstown, sailed yesterday,
but returned before passing the bar
About ten fathoms of chain were fouled
about the anchor and the captain was au
parently afraid to proceed to sea until the
mess was untangled. The vessel will go
out this morning-.
The rate for reinsurance on the
Glenericht was reduced to 12 per cent yes
terday. The William Mitchell, out 142
days from Table Bay to Portland, was
posted at 15 per cent, and the rate on the
Anglia, from Newcastle to Panama and
out 15S days, was increased to 80 per
cent. .
The big steel steamship Mefeor, which
has Just arrived from the lakes, sailed
from Eureka, Humboldt Bay, Tuesday
morning with 1,500,000 feet of lumber for
Sf.n Diego.
This is the largest cargo of lumber
ever shipped from Humboldt Bay, and
may change the methods of lumber
transportation on this coast.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British ship Mllverton loads wheat at
Tacoma for Europe, 40s, chartered prior to
arrlvaL
Grain for Europe.
The French bark Brlzeux was cleared yes
terday for QueeflstowM for orders with WJ.426
ctls barley, valued at $51,618, 1)513 ctls wheat,
valued at $10,017. and 22.000 feet lumber as
dunnage, valued at $330. . /
Departure of the Japanese Liner.*
The Japanese liner Nippon Maru sailed yes
terday for China and Japan •with a general
merchandise cargo, manifested and destined as
follows: For China, $101,608; Japan, $83 062:
Manila. $674; Kast Indies, $G481; Korea, $1077:
Slam, $143: Algoa Bay, South Africa, $3000.
The principal exports were as follows:
To China— 10.662 bbls Hour. 11.170 lbs dried
fruit. 16,325 lbs codfish. 968 cs canned goods,
200 ca bottled beer, C490 lbs beans, 120 lbs
bread. 848 lbs butter, 13.300 lbs coffee. 8264
lbs chocolate, 13,162 lbs 3 cs cheese. 10 cs cot
ton, 103& bales domestics, 80 bxs fresh fruit.
287 pkgs groceries and provisions, {5658 lbs gin
seng, 12,037 lbs ham and bacon, 26 pkgs
leather, 1719 pigs lead, 720 lbs lard, 20 pkgs
leather. 5 bbls 2200 lbs mlllstuffs, 47 pkgs ma
chinery, M00 lbs dried peas, 900 lbs oleomar
garine, 20 crs onions. 5000 lbs pearl barley. SO
bxs paste, 6 cs rubber goods. 400 cs 1 pkg sal
mon, 43,755 lbs shrimps, 2 cs wine. -
To Japan — 1020 bbls flour, 30,156 lbs dried
fruit, 1116 lbs butter, 80 crs bicycles and sun
drles. C000 lbs beans, 153 cs canned goods. 1330
bales cotton, 2 cs cheese, 0 cs drugs, 170 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 11 bales hose 220 lbs
bacon. 126 pkgs ' leather, 203 cs liquors. Ill
pkgs machinery, 1425 lbs mlllstuffs, 427 lbs
nuts, 112,251 lbs nitrate of soda. R pkgs paste,
22 pkgs rubber goods, 51 cs rubber shoes 10
cs salmon. 401 cs soap, 46,040 lbs tanbark. 10
bbls tanning extract, 1 cs 2356 gals wine, 10
ca whisky. 5 reels wire . rope.
To Manila — 33 bxs lemons, 8 cs stationery 13
pkgs furniture, 1 cycle motor.
To East Indies — 1235 cs canned salmon 800
cs assorted canned goods, 240 lbs lard, 24 cs
liquors, 2 bbls flour. 3 cs leather, 2 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions.
To Korea — 103 pkgs groceries and provisions,
4 cs canned salmon, 5 bxs fresh fruit, 2 pkgs
machinery, 1 cb rubber goods, 1 cs drugs, 2
cs dry goods. ■
To Siam — 23 cs canned goods.
To Algoa Bay, South Africa— 750 cs canned'
salmon. .
Notice to Mariners.
STRAIT OF JUAN DE FUCA. WASHINGTON.
Notice is hereby given that the POINT PAR
TRIDGE BELL BUOY, a red, ' nun-shaped,
lattice-work body surmounted by a . bell, lo
cated about one mile to the westward of Point
v<f™Vl dB ? > o i T?A, rted aa not sounding on No
hn m v o 18 A 1901 L Was by a perfect
buoy on December 8, 1901. •
•K,T£}? n otl ?l a £<*ts the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901, page 72
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W P DAY
Commander, U. s., N.. Lighthouse inspector.
Marine Licenses Bestored.
__, The sentence of suspension of the license
of Engineer Cree of the steamer Gerome
which went out from Seattle with her
pollers in bad shape, has been commuted
from ninety to fifty days, and the license
of Captain Allen, which had been revok
ed has been restored. The commutations
.were ordered by Supervising Inspector
Bermingham.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Mandalay.... Coquille River Dec. 12
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Dec. 12
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Dec. 12
San Pedro... Humboldt Dec 12
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts Deo' 12
Corona...... Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 12
Point Arena . . Point Arena Dec 12
Newburg.... Grays Harbor Dec 13
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 13
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 13
Maria Nanaimo Dec 13
Santa Barb . . Grays Harbor Dec 13
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.... Dec' 14
S. Portland.. Seattle \. ; , Deo 15
Edith Seattle ; Deol 15
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 15
San Juan Panama & Way Ports. Deo. 18
Pomona Humboldt .....Dec. 16
Leelanaw.... N. Y. via Panama Dec. 16
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Dec. 16
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma Deo 16
North Fork.. Humboldt.. •. Deo 17
Coptic T.. China & Japan Dec 17
Tucapel...... Valparaiso & Way Ports Dec. 17
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Dec 18
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma... ... Dec! 18
Sequoia Grays Harbor Dec. 18
City of Puebl Puget Sound Ports Deo. 23
Nicaria Valparaiso & Way Pts. Dec 25
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.. Dec. 25
TO SAIL.
Steamer.' Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 12. ~
Empire. . . . Coos Bay 9 am pi er 13
Rival Willapa Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
December 13. ,- ,
Mandalay.. Coquille River ..... 6 pm Pier 2
Alliance.... Portland & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 16
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt .......... i:30p Pier fl
December 14,
Arcata..... Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Corona Newport & Way.... Dam Pier 11
Point Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu 2 Dm Pier 7
December 15,
Eureka.... Humboldt 0am Pier 13
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
- December IT.
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor b pm Pier 3
Walla Wai. Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 9
December 18.
State of Cal San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Acapulco... Panama & Way -Pts. 12 m PMSS
December 19, .
Peru....... China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
December 20. •
North Fork Humboldt .......... 9 am Pier 2
• December 21.
Sequoia. . . . Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
J. Klmball. Seattle & Tacoma... 10am Pier 2
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
■ • December 22.- .
Umatilla... Pupret Sound Ports. 11am Pier 9
••> ,• December 23.0
Leelanaw.'. N. Y. via Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
; . . FROM SEATTLE. '
Steamer. For.. Sails.
Dolphin..:... Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 12
Ell Thompson Cooks Inlet &.Way Pts. Dec. 15
Cottage City. Skagway & .Way Ports. Deo 10
City of Seattl. Skagway & : Way Ports. Dec* 18
City of Topek, Skagway St ■ Way Ports. Deo. 1 21
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec. 1'5
Shipping Intelligence.
• .
I Wednesday, December 11.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, 18 hours from Eu
reka. •
' Stmr Noyo, " Johnson. 14 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Aberdeen, Hansen, 24 hours from Eu
reka; bound to San Pedro; put in for passen
gers. . ' ■ •
Etmr- Gualala, Genereaux, IT hours from
Caspar.
Stmr Santa Ana, Strand, 86 hours from Se
attle, via Tacoma 84 hours.
Ship Win H Smith. Colly, 27 days from Ta
coma.
Schr . Bessie K, Peterson, 8 days from En
senada. ,
- Schr Sailor Boy, Nielsen. 11 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Eureka, Schou. 6 days from Eureka.
CLEARED.
: Wednesday, December 11. \
Jap stmr Nippon Maru, \ Greene, Honolulu,
Yokohama and Hongkong; .W H Avery, agent.
Bktn S N Castle, Nelson, Honolulu: J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. .
Fr bark Brlzeux, Gourle, Queenstown; Ep
plnser & Co.
SAILED. .'
Wednesday, December 11.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura.-
Stmr Luella, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr State of California, Thomas. San Diego.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru, Greene, Hongkong,
etc.
.- Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka.
Stmr Asuncion, Evans, Tacoma.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Signal, Bendegaard. Coos Bay. .'-. :':"-.
Stmr Aberdeen. Hansen, San Pedro.
Br ship Orontes, Bain, 'Queenstown.
Bktn S N Castle, Nielsen, Honolulu. <-Zs.
Schr Confianza, Olsen, Bowens Landing.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. Siuslaw River.
* RETURNED.
Wednesday, December 11.'
Br ship Orontes. Bain, hence to-day for
Queenstown, returned on account of having
foul anchor. :
*. " SPOKEN.
Dec 2, lat 00 18 N, Ion 11 60 W— Fr bark
Beaumanolr, hence July 10, for Queenstown.
OUTSIDE. BOUND IN.
Stmr American. ■ '
. MEMORANDUM.
Per ship Win H Smith, from Tacoma, Dec
\\— Passed out by Cape Flattery on the 15th
of November; took a heavy SE gale about one
hour after, with a heavy sea, and from that
date to Deo 5 had nothing but SE and S gales.
On Deo 3 took a heavy SE gale and a heavy
sea, ship shipping heavy seas; stove bulwarks,
one boat, wheelhouse, companion way houses,
with lota of water in them; stores all wet:
ship shifted cargo. On Deo 4 at daylight saw
a ship with head of foremast gone, main top
gallant mast. .Went close to him; could see
the crew repairing damage. ■ Ha made no sig
nal 'or asked for any assistance; could not
make out bis name. Saw him in lat 44 20 N.
Ion 128 W. Better part more moderate. Passed
Point Reyes 4 p m Dec 10; hove to oft bar
at 10 p. m. ■ . . ■ ' ' . - -. -
' Per stmr Santa Ana-, from Tacoma, Dec 11—
Deo 11, at 11 a m. 10 miles west of Point
Reyes, spoke ship Lucile, . bound \ from - Oyster
Harbor for Kehel.-wlth fore and -main rigging
gone; also Jlbboom. , Refused to be towed, but
wished to be reported - ail well. -
- « MISCELLANEOUS.
SEATTLE. Dec 11— Tug Tyee picked up
four-masted Br bark Plnmoro Just north of
Grays Harbor, nearly . on . beam ends, aban
doned. She now has her: In Port Angeles. Will
tow hereto Quartersouster Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
■ POINT LOBOS, Dec ; 11, 10" p m— Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS. -
f POINT LOBOS — Passed Dee 11, at 11 a m—
Stmr Westport, from Eureka, for < San Pedro.
5. SEATTLE — Arrived Deo ill— Stmr Czarina,
hence Deo 7.
Arrived Dec 11 — Br ship Elginshire, from
Yokohama: Br ship Pass of Melfort, from Ta
coma; stmr Hyades,- from San Francisco.
i PORTLAND— Arrived Dec 11— Ship Schiller,
from Santa, RosaJ la, ;- --A
. Sailed Dec 11— Bark Grande Duchesse Olga,
for Quetnstown. ' ■ -
ASTORIA— Sailed Deo 11— Bark General
Mllllnet, ; for Queenstown: 1 bark -Europe, for
Queenstown ; - stmr. Tiner, • for St Vincent : ' Oep
ship Henrietta, for Queenstown; ship Barflllan.
for Queenstown; stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco; xVosburg/ for Nehalem; * Harrison, for
Tlllamock.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 11— Kr bark Paw of
Melfort, for Queenstown.
Arrived Dec 11 — Br ship Mllverton. from An
tofogasta; Br bark Elginshire, from Yokohama;
etmr Umatilla, from San Francisco. ■
NEAH BAY— Passed outward Dec 10 — Stmr
American, for San Francisco; ship John.Cur
rier, for Cape Town; Br ship' Galena, from
Tacoma, for Queenstown; ship Florence, from
Tacoma, for Honolulu. "
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Inward Dec 11—
Schr Mildred, for : bark Agate, for ;
ship Elginshire, from Yokohama, for Tacoma.
Sailed outward Dec 11— Bark Carondelet, for
San Francisco. ■ . ■ ..-
COOS BAY— Sailed Deo 11— Stmr Alliance,
for -San Francisco. ■,-■■"•• i*»
Arrived Dec 10 — Schr Eliza Miller, hence
Nov 10.
Sailed Dec 11 — Schr Ivy, for Ean Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Deo 11— Stmr Arctic,
for San Francisco.
REDONDO — Arrived Deo 11 — Schr Excelsior,
from Port Blakeley.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Dec 11 —
Stmrs Ruth- and Scotia, hence Dec 10.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Dec 11— Br bark
Pinmore, from Santa Rosalia.
POINT REYES— Passed Dec 11. at 2:35 p m,
— Ship, name not yet made out, with her fore
mast carried away, bound south.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 11— Schr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka,
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Deo 10— Stmr
Oregonlan, from Honolulu.
NEW YORK— Sailed Deo 10— Stmr Finance,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS. .
DUNGENESS — Passed Dec 10— Br bark
Vimeira, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
GENOA — Arrived Nov 23— Ger stmr lsis,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
TENERIFFB3 — Arrived Nov 23 — Ger stmr
Luxor, from Hamburg.
NEWCASTLE, Aus — Sailed Deo 7 — Br ship
Dechmont, for San Francisco.
CALLAO— Sailed Dec 11— Ger stmr Den
derah. for San Francisco. V
VANCOUVER — Arrived Dec 11, at 6:30 a m
Br stmr Empress of ! India, from China and
Japan.
HONGKONG — Sailed Deo 4 — Br stmr Athen
ian, for Vancouver. ■ •- -
Arrived prior to Dec 11 — Nor stmr Thyra,
from Oregon.
FALMOUTH — Arrived* Dec 11 — Br ship Ar
gus, from Oregon; Br ship Dumfriesshire, from
Oregon. •
ACAPULCO — Sailed Dec 10 — Chil stmr Tuca
pel, for San Francisco. Dee 0 — Stmr San Juan,
for San Francisco. Dec 8 — Stmr San Bias, for
Panama, OCEAN STEA MERS.
NEW YOHK — Sailed Dec 11 — Stmr Oceanic
' AT > "VTT R -T T;: r^' ivn!^NT {; ?i
It Is a Shame for Any
Case of Piles to Be Cut
Modern science has completely mastered the disease without
surgery or delay. Do not allow yourself to be butchered until you
have invzstigated.; Over one thousand cases permanently cured
without a single failure, 500 of whom live in the city of San
Francisco. The names of 75 prominent business men sent as
reference. Do not take my word for it, but find out what they
have to say. The worst cases wanted. Write to-day for further
particulars. Address Resident Physician, Box 2673, Call office.
Sari Francisco.
for Liverpool; atmr St Paul, for Southampton;
stmr Frlesland, for Antwerp.
SYDNEY, NSW— Arrived prior to Dec 11—
Stmr lloana, from Vancouver, via Brisbane;
stmr Ventura, from. San Francisco, via Hono
lulu and Auckland.
ANTWERP — Arrived Deo 11 — Stmr Haver
ford, from New York, via Southampton and
London.
Sailed Dec 10 — Stmr Hercynia, for San
Francisco.
PERNAUEUCO — Sailed Dec 6 — Stmr Capri,
from New Tork, for San Francisco.
MOJI— Sailed Dec 9— Stmr Wilhelmina. for
Port Townsend.
SHIELDS— Sailed Deo 1&— Stmr Kaiser, for
Tacoma.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Dec 11— Stmr Ivernia.
for Boston.
GIBRALTAR— Passed Deo 11— Stmr Hyson,
from Tacoma, via Hongkong and Manila, for
London.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
\ thority of tho - Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide 13 the same at both places.
THURSDAY. DECEMBER 12.
Sun rises 7:15
Sun sets 4:51
Moon sets ...: 6:28 p. rru
O Time Time Tirafe Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• II W L W H W L W
12~ 1:16 4. C 0:20 3.2 11:21 8.7 6:30 -03
13 1:54 4.6 0:05 3.2 12:00 5.6 7:05—0.-1
14 2:31 4.8 6:53 3.2 12:41 5.3 7:42—0.2
15 3:06 4.9 7:49 3.2 1:31 5.0 8:22 i 0.1
16 3:41 6.0 8:51 2.8 2:31 4.7 9:06 0.5
17 4:21 6.1 10:03 2.4 3:44 4.3 »:57 l.O
IS 5:00 5.3 11:11 2.0 6:06 4.010:52 1.4
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand .column a.U the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; tha
fourth time column gives the last tide of tba
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by th«
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver firmer. Domestic Exchange lower.
Wheat off again. Other grains unchanged.
Hav steady and Fccdstuffs weak.
Beans and Seeds continue dull.
Potatoes steady to arm. Onions weak and accumulating.
Butter weak. Eggs continue to shade off.
Nothing new in Dried Fruit.
Provisions show no further change.
Meat market stands the same.
■ - " - *
Poultry and Game in good supply.
Oranges tower, but moving off more freely. ;
Light trading in local stocks and bonds.
Wall street feverish and unsettled.
A Note of Caution.
The New York circular of Henry Clews, the
well-known banker, sounds the following ad
monition:
"The situation in some respects Is very re
markable. Never before were stocks eo highly
concentrated, and the steadying power result
ins from this process Is highly significant.
Apparently the powers in control are Able to
hold the market impregnable against all or
dinary assaults, and while this situation lasts
judgment must be directed accordingly. At
the fame time stocks are being slowly scat
tered srd the large sums of money seeking in
vestment may enable the market leaders to
cuccesffully l'srhten their burden if prosperity
continues sufficiently long, an 6ome are bold
enouph to believe it will. But the business
situation is spotty. Great activity is apparent
in the Sron trade, where the physical revolu
tion in railroad standards Is causing an ab
normal demand for iron. There is also great
prosi«?rity in the coal trade and an active de
rrand at |jrofltable prices for many articles of
food and clothing. Prices for these are the
higheet in ten years and people are spending
v.istlv more on luxuries and commodities ap-
I^alins to esthetic tastes than usual. Econ
omy is the exception and extravagance the
ru> and how long this will continue no one
knows. There are £ign& of reaction which only
the blind will not see. and they demand cau
tion. We will soon begin to visibly see the
effect of the corn crop failure' and the conse
quent less of freight to lines traversing the
corn belt. As a result prices of cattle feed
have risen abnormally. Another blow is the
shrinkage in the cotton crop, which must ad
versely affect important sections of the South.
Hifch prices and scarcity are not conducive to
continuous prosperity in spite of a delusion to
the contrary which some people entertain.
Still another unfavorable feature has been the
declines in our exports, which, though perhaps
not permanent, indicate a cessation of the ex
cessive trade balances which have been a fruit
ful source of self -congratulation. Our exports
of copper 'declined about $23,000,000 during
the first ten months of 1901 and our exports of
iron manufactures showed a loss of $24,000,000
in the same period. Such factors as these can
not be ignored. They are signs of our being '
et or near the top and common prudence die- ]
tales caution in transactions entering into the |
future." *,
Weather Report^
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN* FRANCISCO, Dec. 11. 1901—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls in the last twenty
tour hours:
Last 24 This Last
Stations — Hours. Season. Season. '
Eureka 0.00 16.01 15.41
Red Bluff ............. 0.00 ».66 6.74
Sacramento 0.00 5.9S 6.34
Ran Francisco 0.00 6.80 5.85
Fresno 0.00 2.17 5.10
Independence 0.00 1.34 2.18
San Luis Obispo 0.00 4.50 9.94
Los Angeles 0.00 2.46 6.79
San Diego , 0.«0 0.76 1.73
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
S5: minimum, 44; mean, 50.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 53-36: Omaha ...28-12
Cincinnati 36-34 j Duluth 22-10
Washington 48-40: Salt Lake City... 34-26
Jacksonville 60-40 Chicago .:.. 34-30
Kansas City 48-28 St. Louis......... 48-32
yew York ........ 50-34 Philadelphia . . . . .48-30
THE COAST RECORD,-
STATIONS. 2 2 §" 2 2 £° 5
Aeterla 30.36 44 36 NE Clear lob
Baker 30.24 26 16 NW Clear .00
Carson 30.08 28 24 NE Cloudy T.
Koreka SO. 08 48 36 N • Clear .00
Fresno 29.96 50 32 NE Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.82 38 34 SW Cloudy .00
Pocatello. Ida. 30.08 24 20 NW -loudy .12
lndependence..29.92 56 30 N Pt Cldy .00
Los Angeles... 29. 84 €0 40 W Clear .00
Phoenix 29.72 €6 38 W Cloudy .00
Portland 30.36 42 36 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 30.06 52 86 N Clear .00
Roseburg 30.28 42 38 NW Clear • T
Sacramento... 29. 93 62 38 NW Clear .00
Ealt Lake 29.96 28 26 NW Pt Cldy .06
San Francisco.30.00 54 46 NW Clear .00
S. L. Obispo... 29. 96- 88 40 W Clear .00
Sen Diego 29.90 60 56 W Clear .00
Seattle 30.42 40 36 E Clear .00
Spokane 30.36 34 28 N Clear .00
Neah Bay 30.42 42 34 SE Clear .00
Walla Walla.. 30. 36 32 28 S Pt Cldy .01
Winnemucca..30.0$ 28 16 NW Cloudy .00
Tuma 29.74 66 50 W Clear .00
Temperature — 7 a. m., 44 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly during the
past twelve hours over the northwestern por
tion of the country. It has fallen rapidly over
Eastern Arizona and New Mexico. Conditions
are such that heavy frosts may be expected
Thursday in Southern California. Citruf fruit
growers have been warned to fire their coal
baskets and use other protective measures.
The temperature has fallen about 20 degrees
on the southeastern slope of the Sierras.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. December 12, 1S01-
Northern California — Fair Thursday; contin
ued cold weather; light northerly winds; kill
ing frosts Thursday morning. Citrus fruit
growers should smudge.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; contin
ued cool weather; light northwest winds; heavy
frosts Thursday morning. Orange growers
should fire.
Nevada— Fair Thursday; continued cold
weather; light northerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday,
w4th frost in the morning; light north winds.
;;.'■■> ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. ll.-The usual year-end
activity of the money markets of the world
was the feature In to-day's stock market, to th-»
exclusion of almost .every other consideration
The darkening prosi>ect of the money outlook
v.-as mere oerceirtible in New York than in
other markets, and tiiis was partly due to the
fact that New York was called uoon for re
lief from other money markets. Kngaceroentfe
were made of gold for shloment to Berlin of
*50«,i«0 and as much more rumored, the repined
Khipi>er declining to confirm tiie report and
of over $100,000 in French coin to Paris' De
posits ct the Sub-Treasury were made for
transfer to Chicago of $050,000 and to New
Orleans -of $150,000. This depletion of nearly
S2.0C0.OO0 fn'cash was offset by a payment
from the fiuh- Treasury of $1. 549.141 in re
demption of United states bonds. But thU
not FUfflclent to prevent a late flurry in the
tall money market again, when belated borrow
ers S3ught to cover their needs, which ran thi
rate up to 10 per cent. The Sub-Treasury had
already taken from the market over $4,000,000
before the day's operations including deposits
tor transfer to the interior. The hope that
the hither money rates here would attract
prompt remittances from the Interior is not
pufficlent to overcome anxiety, in the face of
those officially reported transfers to the in
terior. It was rcrwrted to-day . that Chicago
banks had loaned some money on call on the
Stock Exchange, but this operation presumably
involved the drawing opon a. New York bank
correspondent and is therefore an unsettling
influence in the local money market. The
course of the loan account of .Tew. York banks
Ik. beyond rrevieion in advance of the weekly
bank statement, but last week's unexpected In
crease in lo&ns keeps sentiment uneasy. ■■
various syndicate operations remain to be pro
vided for. Belief in' the purchase of the Poca
hontas Coal Company by Norfolk ana Western
ccatinut-s prevalent In Wall street, in epile o(
lack of official confirmation, which w'ould in
volve larce loan operations. The sharp de
cline In Norfolk and Western was connected
with UJs belief. There was acute 'weakness
in the forsisn exchange market to-day in
response to the stiffening of money rates, and
the outgo of gold is supposed to be in the na
ture of an-outricht bullion purchase designed
to Btrecethen German bank reserves for their
annual showing rather than to yield a profit
as a regular exchange transaction. There wae
some appearance of nursing the market on the
part of insiders here and there, bo as to suffer
as little damage as possible from the inevitable
liquidation. The comparative firmness and re
siliency of Amalgamated Copper was an ef- 1
fective aid in this purpose. The dealings in !
that stock a-rain overshadowed the whole mar
ket, the price rising to 72% and falling again
to 63^4. closing with a net gain of %. There
was a midday rally, when the redemption of a
large b'-ock of Government bonds was an
nounced, which carried many stocks above yes
terday's level, Lackawanna rising 4% and
Delaware and Hudson, New York Central and
Sugar about a rjolnt. Prices .generally fell
back to the lowest in the late selling .move
ment and closed not much better. The trans
continentals and the local traction stocks were
the principal sufferers. Baltimore and Ohio
and Norfolk and Western also fell 2% each,
Colorado Fuel 5%, Brooklyn Union Gas 9 and
General Electric 4. .
Bonds 'were active and irregular. Total
sales, par value. *3. 470.000. United States old
and new fours and the fives advanced % per
cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 31,000 77 75% 76%
! Atchison pfd.. 400 99% 98% 98%
! Baltimore &,Ohio.. 9,100 101 % 100 100%
Bait & Ohio pfd 93%'
Canadian Pacific... 3,600 112% 111% 111% I
Canada Southern... 3,100 87»4 8« 86%
Ches & Ohio ►.. 2.600 40% 45% 45%
Chicago & Alton... 1,100 34%- 34 34
Chgo & Alton pfd. 200 77 77 76%'
Chgo. Ind & Louis. 700 40 45% 45%
Chgo, Ind & L pfd 100 74 74 73%
Chgo & Eaet 111... 100 136% 130% 134%
Chgo & G W 2,900 23 22% 22%
Chgo & G W A pfd 85%
Chgo & G W B pfd 42
Chgo & N western. . 100 206 206 205
Chgo. R I & Pac. 400 149% 148% 148
Chgo Term & Tran 200 15% 15% 15%
Ch«o T & T pfd... ..... 29
C'C C & St Louis. 2,200 98% 97 97%
Colo Southern 900 14 13% 13%
Colo So 1st pfd ' 500 .156 66 50^i
Colo So <!d pfd 300 25% 25 24%
Del & Hudson 4,500 172% 169% 170
Del. Lack & W 4,300 "247% 242 244%
Den & Rio Grande. 700 43% 43 42%
Den & R G pfd 600 92% 92% 92ft
Erie 22,900.' 39*4 38% 38%
Erie 1st pfd 4,400 70% 70 70
Erie 2d pfd ,.. 100.55% 55% 55
Great Nor pfd..... 1,800 184% 182% 182%
Hocking Valley 100 62 - 62 61%
Hockir.g Val Dfd. . . 100 81 .81 80%
Illinois Central ... 800 138 . 137%. 137 Vi
Iowa Central 200 37 37 36%
Iowa Central pfd 72V4
Lake Erie & W... 100 67% 67% 65%
Lake Erie A W pfd 125
Louisville & Nassh. 8,700 106 105% 105%
Manhattan Elev... 24,400 135% 134 134
Met St Ry 7,300 159% 158 158%
Mexican Central... 1,100 22% 22% 22%
Mexican National.. 100 13% 13% 13^
Minn & St Louis... 1,300 108% 10$ 107
MUsiuri Pacific .. 1,200 103% 102% 102%
Mo, Kans & Tex.. 100 25 25 24%
Mo, Kans & T pfd. 300 51 50% 50
New Jersey Cent.. 175
New York Cent 14,200 166>,i IU414 164%
Norfolk & Western 12,400 56% 34% 55
Norfolk & W pfd.. 400 91% 91% 91
Northern Pac pfd.. 1.800 99% -1>9% 999s
Ontario & Western 4.700 34% 33 33%
Pennsylvania 37.400 148% 147% 147
Reading 30.200 48V 4 47 - 47%
Reading 1st pfd... 5.700 79% 78% 78%
Heading 2d pfd 6.100 58% 57 57%
St Louis & S F 2,400 52% 51% 51%
St L & S F 1st pfd . 200 81 81 80%
St L & S F 2d pfd 400 70 69% 69
St L S western 5.900 27% 27 27
St L Swestern pfd. 500 58% 57% 57%
St Paul 63.100 161% 159 159%
St Paul pfd ' .... 185
Southern Pacific... 17,500 69 57% 58
Southern Railway.. 10.3O0 32% 32% 32% ;
Southern Ry pfd.:. 5,100 91% 90% 90%
Texas & Pacific... 1,300 38% 38% 3S%
Toledo. • St L & W.- : 300 19 -19 18%
T. St L & W pfd.. 100 32% 32% 32
Union Pacific ..... 56,800 99% 98% 99%
TMion Pacific pfd.. 3.700 88% S8 88
Wabash 1.300 22% 21% 21%
Wabash pfd 3,700 41% 40% 40%
Wheel &- Lake Erie 500 18 17% 17%
W & L E 2d pfd.. 100 28% 28% 28
Wisconsin Central. 600 20% 20 • 20%
Wisconsin Cent pfd .700 40% 40% 40
Express companies —
Adams 180
American 192 ■
United States '.... S9
Wells-Fargo .......'. 180
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper?... .117.600 72% 69% 70%
Am Car & Foundry 3,200 30% '29% 30
Am Car & Fun pfd . 400 88 . S5% • 85%
Am Linseed Oil.... 16
Am Linseed Oil pfd ..... ' 46
Am Smelt & Refln. 1,800 44% 43% 43%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 300 96% 96 96
Anaconda Mln Co.. 3,400 31% 30% 30%
Brooklyn R Tran.. 7,000 C2% . 61% 61»,4
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1.000 8S 84% S4%
Consolidated Gas. .. 1,900 214% 213 213%
Continen Tob pfd.. 100 115 115 115
General Electric .400 2S1 .278 278
Glucose Sugar 400 39% 39 39%
Hocking Coal .800 16% 15 14%
International Paper COO 20% 20 ' 20
International P pfd 1,7.00 .77% 77% 77
International Pow. 200 89 89 88%
Laclede Gas .' . 92 -
National Biscuit... 300 43% 43% 43 '
National Lead .... S00 17 17 17
National Salt • 30%
National Salt pfd ■ 62
North American... 300 94 92 32
Pacific Coast 100 75 75 74%
Pacific Mall " 300 45 45 45
People's Gas 5,f>00 98% 97% 97%
Pressed Steel Car.. 000 40 39 / S9%
Pressed St Car pfd. 200 84% 84 83%
Pullman Pal Car.. 200 212 212 209
Republic Steel .... 300 15% 15 15 Vi
Republic Steel pfd. .: 69
Sugar 7.700 120% 119% 119%
Tenn Ccal & Iron.. 4,800 62% 61 61U
Union Bag & P Co. COO 14% 14% -14%
Union B &'P Co pf 74%
U S Leather 1,800 11%' 11% 11%
U S Leather pfd... 1.100 82 81% Riy.
US Rubber 600 15 15 15
U S Rubber pfd 200 50 50 50
U S Steel 33.700. 41% 40% 40%
U S Steel pfd 20,900 91% 00% 90%
Western Union 2.100 91% 90% 90%
Am Locomotive 10,100 31% 29% 30
Am Locomotive pfd. 1,200 89 ;* 87 J ,i 87%
Total sales 682,200
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg 108% L.& N Uni 4s.... 102%
Do 2s coup 109 Mex Cent 4s...... 82(4
Do 3s reg.: 10S% Do 1st lnc "30
Do 3s coup 108% Minn & St L 4E..103U
Do new 4s reg.; 130% M K & T 4s. .'. . . . 97%
Do new 4s coup. 139% Do 2ds 81
Do old 4s reg...lll% N Y Cent lsts... .106%
Do old 4s coup. 112% Do gen 3%s 110
Do 5s reg 107% N J Cent gen 5s. 131%
Do 5s coup- 107% Northern Pac 4s.. 105
Atchison gen 4s.. 102% Do 3s.... 72%
Do adj 4s »4 N & W con 4s 102%
B & O 4s 1*)2% Reading Gen 4s.. 99%
Do 3%s 97 S L&I M con 5s. .116%
Do conv 4s 104% S L & S F 4s.... 97%
Canada Sou 2ds..lO9 Bt L SW lsts.... 96%
Cent of Ga 5s 105% Do 2ds ...97
Do 1st Inc.... 75% 8 A&Ar Pass 4a. $»
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO7 Southern Pac 4.. 92%
C & A 4%» ,85% Southern Ry 5s... 120 ;
C B & Q new 4s. . 97% Tex & Pac Jsts. . .118%
C M&S P gen 4s. 111% Tol S L & W 4s.. 91%
C & N con. 7s 138% Union Pac 4s...;. 106%
C R I & P 4« 106% '. Do conv 4s. 105%
CCC&St L gen 4s. 103% Wabash lsts ....117%
Chic Term 4s:... 89% -Do 2ds 112
Colo & Sou 4s 88V4 " Do Deb B 64
D & R G 4s 103& West Shore 4s 114
Erie prior lien 4s.lO0 • W & L E 4b;..... 91«
Do Gen 4s...... 88% Wis Cent 4s..... '90%
F W & D C sts..lO4% Con Tob 4s...... 62%
Hock Val 4%«...10SVi . . ' . . .
NEW. YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief.;...;. 12
Alice .-... 45 Ontario .......8 60
Creece ........... 16 Ophir 65
Brunswick Con.... 75 ! Phoenix 05
Comstock Tunnel.. (*<! Potosl ..'....'..'.... 02
Con Cal & Va 1-70 Savage-. ., ' 03
Deadwood Terra:.." 60!8lerra Nevada .... V ' 05
Horn Silver 1 00. Small Hopes...:... '40
Iron Silver. ..::... CO Standard 3 00
Leadville Con...... 05'., , , -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER* -12. 1901.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westgh Common... 73%
Call loans 4@5 Mlnlnz—
Time loans 4%@5 Adventure 22
Bonds—' Allouez ..4
Atchison 4s 102 Amalgamated ....70%
Gas lsts 8O Baltic 40
; Mex Cent 4s 80 Bingham 27%
N E Gas & Coke. 57% Calumet & Hecla.640
Raih-oads— Centennial 14%
Atchison 7594 Copper Range ... 58 .
Do prefd 98% Dom Coal 47
Boston & Albany. 258 Franklin ........ 14%
Boston & Maine.. 191 Isle Royalo 21 %
Boston Elev 107 Mohawk 36-
N YN H & H....213 Old Dom ...24
Fitchburg pfd.... 144 Osceola .. 88:
Union Pac 98% Parrot 31
Mex Cent 22% Qulncy . . ..150
Miscellaneous — Santa^Fe Copper. 3%
Amer Sugar ....119% Tamarack 270
Amer T & T 160 Trimountain" 38 .
Dom I & S. 24% Trinity 15*4
Gen Electric 277 U S, ex div 14%
Mass Electric ... 32 Utah ....:....... 20%
Do prefd 01% Victoria ......... 6
United Fruit 90 Wlnona .......... 2
U S Steel 40% Wolverine' 64^,
Do prefd 00%*, , • ' ,.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 11. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Lord Kitchener's South African. .' successes
helped the general tone of the stock market
to-day, but American shares were still erratic.
The professional contingent is holding oft and
In . the meantime prices moved within 1 nar
row limits. Quotations at the opening were
a shade above parity, dipped on New -York
weakness and partially rallied on\ the curb.
Atchison. Union Pacific and Southern . Pacific
were the strongest features. • The account . is
insignificant.* The general contango opened at
5% and closed at 4%. On St. Paul, Louisville
and Nashville and Chesapeake '.and Ohio the
contango was 2%. Rio Tintos sold at 42%
and Copper at £54 the ton, cash and futures.
The market is still inclined to the belief that
the Rothschilds axe making terms for. a^re
duction of the output, but members of the
firm are as close as oysters when- questioned.
Call, fixtures and discounts are all 3%' per
cent, while Paris and Berlin exchange is un
changed.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Dec. 11. — Anaconda, 6V4; Atchl-
Bon 78%; Atchison preferred, 101%; Denver
and Rio Grande, 44%; Denver and Rio, Grand*
preferred, 95% ; Erie, 40; Erie, first .preferred.
72%- Erie second preferred, 57; Southern "Pa
cific, 60%; Union Pacific, 102%; -Union, Pacific
preferred. 90% ; United States Steel, 42%;
United States Steel preferred, 03%. Bar sil
ver, quiet, 25 5-16d per ounce. Money, 3@3%
per cent.. . ■ -- : ,. . . — . , . •
Neiv York Money Market.
■ NEW YORK, Dec. 11. — Money on call was
strong at 6@10 per cent; last loan, 6 per cent;
prime mercantile paper. 4%@5 per cent. Ster
ling exchange was weak, -with actual business
In bankers* bills at $4 86% for demand and
at $4 83@4 83% for sixty days; posted rates,
$4 84@4 85 and $4 87%@4 88: commercial bills,
$4 S2%®4 83. Bar silver, 54%c. Mexican dol
lars, 43%c. Bonds — Governments, strong;
States. Inactive; railroads, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11. — To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $170,473,5S9; gold, $114,714,
0S6.
J
New York Grain and Produced
«-_ . *
NEW YORK, Dec. 1. — FLOUR — Receipts.
22,500 barrels; exports, 10,634 barrels; weak
and 5@10c lower. Winter patents, $3 75@4;
winter straights.- $3 50@3 70; winter extras,
$2 S0®3 10; Minnesota patents, $3 90.
WHEAT — Receipts, 137,740 bushels. Spot,
weak. No. 2 red, 86%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2
red 83%c elevator; . No. 1 Northern Duluth,
85%c f. o. b. afloat; NO-..1 hard Duluth, 92%c
f. o. b. afloat. Options after a firm opening
on unexpectedly higher cables developed pro
nounced heaviness under active liquidation,
partly for country account, and including also
foreign selling. Prices lost almost 4c a bushel
from the high 'point and closed weak at 1%@
l%c net decline. .March, S(j©S7%c, closed 80c:
May, S5@87%c, closed 85%c; December, 83 %@
U5M.C closed 83 %c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Quiet.
COFFEE: — Spot Rio, dull. NO. 7 invoice,
6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 7%@llc. Futures
closed net unchanged to 6 points higher and
the market was steady. Trading was slow all
day. Total sales, 15,000 bags, including: Jan
uary. 6.55c; March, 6.70@6.75c; May, 6.85®
6.90c; June, 7c; July, 7.05c; August, 7.20c;
September, 7.25@7.30c.
SUGAR — Raw, steady." Fair refining, 3 9-32c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar,
3 1-32c.
BUTTER — Receipts, 7000 packages; steady.
State dairy, 13@18%c; creamery, 10@25%c;
June creamery, IS® 22c; factory, 12%@15c.
EGGS — Receipts, 6100 j packages; steady.
Western, at- mark, 26c.
DRIED FRUIT,
The market for evaporated apples ruled mod
erately active and about steady without quot
able change. State, common to good, 6@8%c;
prime, 9@9%c; choice, 9%@9%c; fancy, lo@
10%c.
California dried fruits were dull, but. about
steady.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 10®14c: Moorpark, 9%@
13c . " • - .
. PEACHES— Peeled, 12@19c; unpeeled, 7@
10%c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 11.'— Universal selling -in
grain to-day placed the control of the markets
in the hands of the bears and practically routed
the big bull campaign 'that has terrorized
shorts for the past week. Liquidation ' and
short selling enough to press prices down 2Vic
tells the day's story in. wheat. Support was
lacking so .far as. -country .buying was con
cerned and even a large number of the coun
try holders who helped prices upward last
week were now unloading. Commission houses
took advantage of a fair advance from yester
day's prices at the opening and deluged the
pit with selling orders.' Cables were the only
bull Influence and these were . but a small fac
tor. May opened ] /i@%c up to a shade lower
at 82%@81%c and at once started on the.down
ward slide. .. Several bearish conditions- were
present to help the slump. Receipts were lib
eral, both Northwestern and primary. -Clear
ances were small and the cash demand was
only moderate. There was a rapid run of fluc
tuations, but by noon : prices . had . touched
79;4c, almost 4c loss since Monday. At such
declines shorts covered well for profits and at
the close May reacted slightly, but closed very
weak l%c. lower at 80%@80&c. |
Business in corn was less heavy than in
wheat, but the tendency favored 'the bear side.
Shorts took advantage of every soft spot to
cover, however, and ■ temporary reactions were
the result. The close was weak, with. May lc
lower than yesterday at 66%c. . -
Oats shared In the general weakness. May
closed lc lower at 45%c. . ■ •
Provisions were weak, but- not so much so
as grains. The natural tendency was toward
higher prices, but the grain Influence could
not: be fought off. Country, selling brought
some depression. - January pork . closed 25c
lower, lard 2%c down and ribs 7%o lower.
The leading - futures ranged as follows: . ..
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. . 2— .
December 77% -77% 76" 76
May 82% , 82% 79% \ 60%
July » 81% 81% 79% SO
Corn No. 2 — j ,
December 63% 61% 63 63%
May 67% 67%. 66^4 C«%
July 67% 67% 66% 00^
Oats No. • 2— f : v ■
December 45% 45% . 44% tt%
May 46% 46% 44% 45%
July... 40% . 40% '38% , SUti
Mess pork, . per . barrel —
January .......1« 65 10 65 16 55 16 55
May 17 07% 17 22% 16 05 10 U7%
. Lard per 100 pounds —
January ....... 0 85 9 97% 9 85 . 9 85
May 9 82% -9 92% 9 80 9 85
Short- ribs, per 100 pounds — . ....
January S 47% 8 50 8 45 8 45 .
May.... 8 «2% 8 70 . ' 8 CO. ,; 8 62 %
Cash quotations were as - follows : Flour,
barely steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 77%c; No.
2 red. " 80©8.'{c : No. 2 yellow corn, 66%c; No.
2 oats,' 40% ©47c; Na'2 white, 48%@49%c; No.
3 white. 46%@48%c; No. 2 rye. . 65c; fair to
choice malting barley, 58@«le; No. 1 fiaxsecd,
$1.44; No.' 1 Northwestern, $145; prime tim
othy seed. $6.40@6 60;. mess pork, per barrel,
$15 50@15 60; lard, per 100 pounds, «$9 83@
9 87%; ' short ribs sides (loose), $8 4p@8 55;
dry -salted shoulders 1 (boxed),- 7%@79bc; short
clear sides (boxed). $8 90@9; whisky,- basis of
high wlnee, 11 32; clover/contract grade, $'J 35.
• • Articles — ' -- . . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour. j barrels ....89,000 . 49,000
Wheat, bushels ........ :.l«3,000 ' 40,000
Corn, bushels 175,000 , : . ' 55 0O<t
Oats, bushels .' ....311,000 333,000
Rye. 'bushels -.'.."...I... 15,000- "> • 4,O(X»
Barley, - bushels , ■.;■.; .263,000 , '.V, " • 42, COO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the but-
ter market was steady; creameries, 14@24%c;
dairies, 13@20c." Cheese, steady, "9Vi@10%c.
Eggs, firm; fresh, 24@25c. .. ' .
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — ■ March. May.
Opening « 1% « 2%
Closing 0 2% 6 3
• ' PARIS.
Wheat — Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening '.;.. 22 35 23 00
Closing 22 40 *.; 23 00
-..Flour — • • , - , , ■ .:"•
Opening ..........;..... 27 70 28 05 ■ •
Closing 27 80 29 05
: New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK." Dec. 11. — Another interesting
page of the history of the metal trade was
made to-day when a new low record was es
tablished in copper prices at London. Quoted
values there declined 15s and closing prices
were £54 7s 6d for spot and £54 5s for futures.
The -local market, : however, was. nominally un
changed: • London tin' market was £1 7s 6d
lower, closing- at £110 15s for spot, and £104
10s for, futures. The local market, following
the break in London, with an- additional Im
pulse of larger spot supplies and a liberal
amount of tin near by: afloat, was about %c
lower, -closing with spot quoted at 25%c sellers
and weak at the declined Lead was unchanged
here at 4%c- and. London was also unchanged
at £10 15s. ' Spelter was quiet and nominally
unchanged at New York at $4 45 and London
was as last-.quoted at £16 5s. Iron was quiet.
Glasgow warrants were a shade higher : at 66s
and Mlddlesboro was unchanged at '43s 3d.
Pig iron warrants. $10 50@U 60; No. 1 n.orth
:ern foundry. J15 50@16;rNo. 2 foundry, south
ern. • $14 50@15 60; No. s 1 foundry, southern,
$15 50@16; No. 1 foundry, southern; soft, $15
@17. • .'. ' . ,-..•■ . .'■- r -
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 11.— Cotton closed firm,
11@14 points higher. .
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO
r CHICAGO, .Dec. 11.— CATTLE — Receipts,
23,000, including 100 Texans. Steady to lowers
Good to prime, $6 25@7 75; poor to medium,
$4(g5 90; stockers and feeders, $2®4 25; cows,
$104 50; heifers, $1 25@5 30; canners, $1®
2 25; bulls. $2@4 50; calves, $2 60@5 50;
Texas fed steers. $4 60@5 40.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 55,000; to-morrow,
45.000; left over, 15,000. Heavy steady, others
5@15c~ lqwer.« : Mixed and butchers, $5 85@6 40;
good to choice heavy, $6 25@0 60; rough heavy,
$5 60@6; light, $5 10@5 So; bulk of sales,
$5 85@6 40. . ' • '- - ,
SHEEP — Receipts, 23,000. Sheep, steady -to
strong; lambs, strong to 10c higher; good to
choice wethers, $3 50@4 25; fair to choice
mixed. $2 75@3 40; Western sheep, $3@4; na
tive lambs,- $2 50@5 25; Western lambs, $2®
4 10. * •
... . ST. JOSEPH. ... i ... ,_ : ..- .
ST. JOSEPH, Dec. 11. — CATTLE — Receipts,
2500. Natives, $3 40@7 25; cows and heifers,
$1 25@5 50; veals, $2 50@5 25; bulls and stags,
$2@5; stockers and feeders, $2@4 35. ; .
HOGS — Receipts, 11,000. Market strong to
5c lower. Light and light mixed, $5 90@6 55;
medium and heavy, $0 25O6 70; pigs, $3 50®
5 25: bulk of sales, $G 05@6 65. - - - *•
SHEEP— Receipts, 310. Market steady to
strong. Top lambs. $5; top wethers, $4; top
ewes, $3 50. *. - ■-
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 11.— Clearings, $643,
778; balances, $63,865.
Northern. Wheat Market.
,. OREGON.
) PORTLAND, Dec. 11.— WHE} AT— Steady;
Walla Walla, 61c; blue stem, 62c; valley, 61c.
1 . v • WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 11.— WHEAT— Easier; blue
stem, 61c ; club, 60c.
London Wool: Sales.
LONDON, Dec. 11. — The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day numbered 12,890
bales. A better selection - of cross-breds and
fine scoured met with a good demand and me
dium and lower grades sold readily at im
proved rates. Cape of Good Hope and Natal
stock was firm.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON Dec. "10. — Consols, 92%; silver,
25 5-16; French rentes, lOlf 40c. Wheat car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No.
1 Standard California, 30s 6d; English country
markets,- firm.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 10. — Wheat, .quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 3d@6s 3%d; wheat in,
Paris dull; flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England, cold and dry.
COTTON — Uplands. 4 9-16d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — . $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87^
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ,■ 02 Vi
Silver, per- ounce — 04%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44% @ 44%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign . . markets were weak
and Liverpool and Paris futures were both
lower. Broomhall's cable reported heavy rains
in the Argentine, and said that the Liverpool
decline was due to American selling.
Chicago declined from 81%c to 80%c, and was
nervous and' unsettled. <« Liquidation was very
heavy with further selling expected on this ac
count, though offerings were well absorbed and
the crowd was heavily short. Farmers' deliver
ies were reported falling off. The farmers in
the Northwest were holding back their wheat,
while the Southwest was a large 'buyer. The
Trade Bulletin gave • the I following ■ status of
the crop: Supply on hand, July 1, 820,000,000
bushles; consumptive requirements for the com
ing year, 330,000,000; seeding, 70.000,000;. for
stock feeding, 40,000,000; exports during the
past five months, 28,000,000. This will permit
of exports of 158,000.000 for the ensuing seven
months and leave a balance on hand of 100,000,
000 bushels, July 1, 1902.
The local market continued weak, with a
further decline on call. ' - -
Spot Wheat— Sniping, $1 02%@l 03?i ; mill
ing, $1 05@l 07% per ctl. , -
-CALL BOARD SALES. -..- - .
Informal Session— 9:15 .o'clock — May — 2000
ctls,$l 08; 10,000, $107%: 22,000, $1 07%.
Second Session— May — tOOO ctls, $107%; 64,
000, $107%. . ■■ "• ■ '•■ ' '
Regular Morning Session — May— 24,000 ctls,
$1 07%; 36,000, $1 07%. ■ December — 2000,
$103%.- December, 1902 — 2000, $1 09%.
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 07% ;
4000, $1 07%. December— 8000, $1 03%.
BARLEY— The market is steady and un
changed, with not much selling. Feed, 78% @
80c for choice bright, 77%c'for No. 1 and 72%
@75c for off -grades; brewing and shipping
grades, 82%@85c; Chevalier, 80c@$l per cental.
CALL BOARD SALES. '
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales. . . :
Regular Morning. Session — No. sales. .
• Afternoon Session — No gales.
OATS — The. Chicago market was less active
and weaker, owing to an Increase in the move
ment and large profit* taking. •.. ■ •".;•
There was no further change In .this mar
ket. Grays, $1 12%@1 20 for feed and $1 20@
1 25 for seed; whites, $1 15@1 30; . Surprise.
$130@135: black, 95c@$l 07% for feed and
$1 15@1 22% for seed; red, $1 12%@1 20 per ctl
for feed and $1 20@l 30 for seed. .
CORN — Chicago declined lc, with a decreased
business, • due to profit taking and a' freer
movement from the farms.
This market continues dull. ■ Large yellow,
$1 37%«21 42%; small round do, $1 37%<S>1 42%;
white, $1 35@1 42% per ctl.- . • ■ --- - -• • .
RYE! — Firm at 75@80c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl. .
Flour and-Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 250
3 CO, .usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 SOW 2 75 ■ per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for Bakers': Washington Bakers',
$2 75@3. . ' •'
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade;-' Graham
Flour, $3 per- 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat- Flour, $4@4 26; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; "Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $U 85®
S 35; in sacks, $(J 50<S8; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas. $6 50 per '100 lbs.
Hay . ana^ Feedstuff s.
Feedstuffs are weak and Hay is fairly- steady
at unchanged prices. .
BRAN — $15 50@18 50 per. ton. .
MIDDLINGS— $17@10 per ton.
" FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16(017 per
ton ; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28 ; Job
bing, $28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal. $31@3i 50; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32;
Mixed Feed. $16@17.
HAY — Wheat. $9@11; fancy, $1150012;
Wheat and Oat.- $8«J11: Oat. $7@10; Barley
and Oat, $7@i); Alfalfa, $8@9 50; Clover, $6@7;
Volunteer, $5 5008; Stock. $5@7 per ton.
; STRAW-S0@47%c per bale. ; :
Beans and' Seeds.
- There Is' no further change" In ' Beans, -the
market being dull and featureless. •. . i .
1 Tbm current heavy receipts of Flaxseed from
the north are said to be due to a decline at
Chicago, which has led to extensive shipments
to this market. <■ .' ' - ('.">• **•; "Z- ; ."H ■--
BEANS— Bayo«, $2 30@2 40: Small White,
$2 75(33 15; Large White. $2 80@3; Pea, $3 50
<8>4;- Pink, $1 80@2 10; Red. $2 60@3; Black
eye. $3 50@3 70; Llmas, $4 25@4 60; Red Kid
neys. $3 50@4 per ctL . -
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard. ?"<33 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; - Flax. $2 50@2 75; Ca
nary, 3i4@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, - from
Utah, 8%c: Rape, lY 4 @l%c; Hemp, 3%c per ib.
DRIED PEAS— Nile's. $1 90@2; Green, $1 75
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are quoted lower and weak. StockB
are reported accumulating. There are four or
five unsold cars here now and 1700 sacks are
expected on the next steamer from Oregon.
Potatoes are steady and firm, but prices show
no further advance. . The market is reported
to be in strong hands and well held.
There is nothing new in Vegetables.
POTATOES— SOc@$l 05 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks. $1 30@l 60; Ore
gon Burbanks. $!• 15@1 50; River Reds, $1 40©
1 55; Sweets. 35@40c for Rivers and 90c@Sl fur
Merced.
ONIONS— $1 50@l 90 per ctl; Oregons, $1 60
@1 90. ,
VEGETABLES— Green Peas from Los An
geles, 5@7c; String. Beana from Los Angeles,
6@7c; Limas, 2<SCc: Cabbage. 40@50c per ctl;
Tomatoes, 25@65c: Los Angeles Tomatoes. — ;
Dried Peppers, 10015c per lb; Okra, 12%@2Oc
per lb; Carrots, 25®35c per eack; Cucumbers.
50@75c; Pickles, 2%@3c per lb for small and
l@l%c for large; Garlic, l J ,4®2%c; Green Pep
pers, - 50@75c . per box for Chili and 50@65c for
Bell; Egg' Plant from Los Angeles, 10@12%c
per lb; Summer' Squash- from Los Angeles.
$1 25; Marrowfat Squash, ?S@10 per ton; Hub
bard Squash, ?S@10; Mushrooms, 5@l2%c per
pound. -■■ ■■ '. -••■■..- '
Poultry 'and Game.
, There were no receipts of Eastern Poultry.
Local stock was in heavy/ receipt, but good
stock,. cleaned up fairly. There was consider
able poof stock lying around.
Game showed little change. Arrivals were
129 sacks. •■
• POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 15@18c: Live
Turkeys, 13@14c for ■ Gobblers and 13@14c for
rHens; Geese, per pair. $1 50@l 75; Goslings,
$1 75@2; Ducks, $3 50@4 for old and $4 50®
6 50 for young; Hens, $3 60@4 50; young
Roosters, $4© 5; old Roosters, $3 60®4 50;
Fryers, $4@4 60; Broilers, $3 50@4 for large
and $3@3 60 for small : Pigeons, $1@1 25 per
dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves, per dozen, 75c@$l; Hare,
$1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails- and $1
for Brush; Mallard, $2 60@3; Canvasback, $2®
3 60; Sprig, $2@2 50; Teal, $1 25; Widgeon,
$1 50; Small Ducks, $1 25@1 50; Black Jack.
; English Snipe, ' $2; Jack Snipe, $150-
Gray Geese, $3 50; White Geese. $1 50; Brant
$1 50@2 per dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
1 While there Is no further decline in Butter
the market . is very, weak, . •with large sttftks
and- more "sellers than- buyers. The tendency
i? still : downward. ■ • ' -
There is no : further change In Cheese.
Eggs continue to shade off and stocks are
ample, though continued frosty weather may
cause a falling off- in receipts and thus check
the decline. . 1 v
; . Receipts were 24,600 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 366 cases of Eggs,
— — cases of Eastern ' Eggs, 3300 pounds of
California Cheese and- pounds of Eastern
Cheese. - - "• • - - - . ,
BUTTER— Creamery, 22@24c per lb for fancy
and,19@21c for seconds; dairy. 17%@20c; store
Cutter, 14@17c per lb:- Creamery Tub, 20fc;
Pickled Roll, 18@19c;- Keg, 16@18c per lb. -
CHEESE— New, 12c; old, 10%@ll%c; Young
America, 13c perjb: Eastern, 13@15c. ,r :' ■
EGGS — Ranch, 32@32%c for selected large,
30<&31c for good to choice and 27%@29c for
fair; store, 24(3*260 per dozen; cold storage,
20@25c; Eastern, 20@26c. • -
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges are lower under excessive supplies.
Common Lemons are .weak, but fancy are
firmer. Limes are unchanged. Oranges are
moving a' little better at the lower prices,
owing to clear weather and a shipping demand
for Honolulu and the north. Japanese Man
darins are lower.
Apples are in good supply, with the recent
addition of 2200 boxes from Humboldt. Poor,
wormy stock Is plentiful and dull, while fine
sound stock brings the top quotations readily.
Winter Nells Pears are scarce and firm.
r ' DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES — $1 50@2 per box for extra, 75c@
$1 25 for good to choice and 25@60c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples, $1 50@2.
■ POMEGRANATES— $1 26 per box.
PEARS — Winter kinds, 50c®$2 60 per box.
QUINCES — J0@50c per hox.
PERSIMMONS — 25@50c per box.'
STRAWBERRIES — $9@11 per chest for
Longwarths'and $1@3 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $8 per chest.
"• RASPBERRIES— $3@6 per chest.
CRANBERRIES — Eastern, $10@ll per bar
rel; Coos Bay, $2 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c@$l
for standards, $1@1 25 for choice and $1 50® 2
for fancy; Seedlings, 75c@$l 25; Tangerines,
$1@1 25; Japanese Mandarins $1@1 25; Lem
ons, 60c@$l for common and $1 60@2 for good
to choice, and $2 50@3 for fancy; Grape Fruit,
$1&2 50; Mexican . Limes, $3'50@4; Bananas.
Si 75@2 50 per . bunch for New Orleans and
$1@1 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per
dozen. • • . ■ ■ "
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There is nothing new to report In this mar
ket. Prunes are still moving rapidly eastward
from San Jose and the market is strong and
pointing upward.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7®g%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 7@8%c; sun-dried. 3%@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears, 4428c; Plums pitted.
4%@6c; unpitted. l@2c; Nectarines, 6@5%c for
red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 3@3%c for
black. . • . - -
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's. 5}4@5%c; 40-50's. 4%@5c; 60-60"8, 4U
@4%c; 60-70-s, 3%@4c; 70-80's. 3H@3%c;
80-90's. 2%@3c; 90-100"s. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box) : Clusters-
Imperial.- $3: Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, $160; London Layers — Three-crown
$1 20; two-crown. $1 10. _ Price per lb; Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown, ; three
crown, ; two-crown. ; Seedless Musca
tels, ; Seedless Sultanas, 6%c: Thompson
Seedless. 6%c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, 8%e;
choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime. 6%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. - Bleached Thompson's
Extrafancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c; stand
ard, 7%c; prime, . 6%c. Fancy seeded, ;
choice seeded, .
NUTS — Chestnuts. 10@12%c; Walnuts, No. 1
Boftshell. T 9%o; No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 0c:
No. 2, 7c; Almonds, ll@12c for papershell 9
@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 6@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c;
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5.
HONEY — Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10®
ll%c -for. light amber; water white extracted,
6@ttc: light amber extracted, 4® 5c; dark 4c
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb. .
Provisions.
■ The Chicago market was 'weak and hesitat
ing. The outside^ speculative trade was heav
ily long at the high prices.
This market showed no change worthy of
note. .,■-.- ; .' . ' : . . .. . " : .
. CURED . MEATS — Bacon, . 12c " per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium, 13 %c for light,
14%c for extra light and. 15c for sugar-cured"
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; California
Hams, 12%c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per barrel
extra Mess,. $11@11 50; Family, $12012 50 •'
prime Mess Pork, $15: extra clear, $22 50(323-
Me^s, $18 50@19: Smoked Beef, 13%@14c per
pound. . ..
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8%c ' per lb for
compound and 11 %c for pure; half barrels
pure, ll%c; 10-lb tins. 12%c; 5-lb tins, 12%c
3-fb tlns.-12%c. ' '.. ..
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce, 0%c; two tlerceb
9%c; five tierces,' 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 'lie; medium,- 10c; light, 9 %c; Cow
Hides, 9%c for heavy and 9@9%c for light;
Stags, ,7c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal, 9%c;
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c; Culls. 14c-
Dry Kip, 15c: Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands
15c; Sheepskins, shear lings. 15@30c each; short
Wool, " . 40@60o each;, medium,- 60<g.85c; long
Wool. 80c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt,
$2 50@2 .75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium.
$1 75 : for small and 50c for Coltn; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 2o@l B0 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth; 50c; medium, 35c , . .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 6c per lb; No. 2.
4%@Bc;- grease, 3c. . .
. WOOL — Spring. 1000 to 1901 — Southern, de
fective,. 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine
13@15c; do.- medium and coarse, ,ll@l3c; Ore
gon, Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do. fair to good,
9®llc; Nevada. 10@12c. '. ; - (
Fall— San Joaquin, ,6%@8%c; San Joaquin
Lambs', »7%@9c: Middle County, 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9@10c; do, defective, »@»c
per lb ■ ■ ' . - - ' " — -
i HOPS— 9@10o for fair and ll@12c per.lb for
good to choice. ■ ' . . ■ .
San Francisco Meat Market.
There is no further change to report in this
market. . ■ " ■'. . ■ ''.'■■'■- ■ - : ■ ,,-
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as: follows:* . ., ': • .. •-.
BEEF— 7@7%o for Steers and 6©6%c per lb
for Cows. .'/ '■ 1 - • \' -
WEAL— Large," 7@8%c; small, 8@9c per.lb.'- .
MUTTON — Wethers, 7%®8c; Ewes, ,7c per lb.'
i LAMB— 8@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs,'6%c;
under 150 lbsY 5%@5%c;.Bowa. 20 per cent off,
boars 30 per cent off and stags 40 per cent off
from the above quotations; dressed Hogs. 7%
@s%c. -■ ■■ ■ ■■ ■ - ; ■
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c: lo
cal make, lie less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags}
32@35c: Fleece Twine. 7%@8c.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $6 60; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $8 60; Co-operative Wall*
end, $8 50; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $15:
Cannel. $11 per ton;. Coke. $15 per'ton in .bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton. according
to brand.
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1,
70q< pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
65c; raw. 63c; cases. 5c • more : Lucol. 60c for
boiled and 58c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c: cases. 0Oc:
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot.
In barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white, 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil. barrels. 37%c; cases. 42%c; Cocoa
nut Oil. barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 5S%c
for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk,
l.ii^c; Pearl Oil. in eases. 20c; Astral. 20c:
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c: Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; in
cases. 21%c: Benzine, in bulk. 14c: in cases.
20%c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c; In
cases, 26V.C
TURPENTINE — B8%c per grallon In cases
and 52c In drums and iron barrels,
local use and $42045 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.30c:
Powdered, 5.15c; Candy Granulated. 5.15c:
Dry Granulated. 5.05c; Confectioners' A. 5.05c:
Fruit Granulated. 5.05c; Beet Granulated. <10O
lb bags only). 4.95c: Magnolia A, 4.65c: Extra
C. 4.55c; Golden C. 4.45c; D. 4.35c; barrels, 10!
more; half-barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more:
60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dotninoa,
half -barrels, 6.55c; boxes. 5.80c. per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 11.
Flour, qr sks... 14.700, Middlings, sks.. 435
Wheat, ctls 83.742 Hay. ton* 468
Barley, ctls .... 4,82i5 Hops, bales .... to
Oats, ctls 370 Wool, sks 353
Corn, ctls ..... 550 Leather, rolls... 22.S
Tallow, ctls .... 20 Hides, No 553
Sugar, ctls ..... 7.943|Pelts, bdls 322
Beans, sks 6«i Raisins, bxs ... 2.S0O
Potatoes, sks ... 4,911 Wine, gals ..... 65,500
Onions, sks .... 72 Brandy. *als ... l.OOO
Bran, sks ...... 635' Quicksilver, flsk 2-1
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 1,2151
STOCK MARKET.
Trading was moderate on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange, with still higher
prices for Alaska Packers at $164 25<g)164 50
and for Spring Valley Water at $87@87 25.
The oil stocks were dull.
There was nothing new in the afternoon,
trading being light. • •
The Century Oil Company' has levied an
assessment of 5c. delinquent In board on thn
30th lnst. ■ ■ ■
OH dividends have been declared as follows:
Home, 7%c. payable on the 20th lnst. ; San
Joaquin, 5c, on the 25th: Four, lc, on the 16th.
STOCK AND BOKD EXCHANGE.
♦ WEDNESDAY, Dec. 11— 2 p.m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. 1 ' Bid Ask
4s quar cp..ll2%113% Us qr c (new)139%140 '
4s quar reg.lllS112i|l3s quar coup. 10«%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CPC 6s.l07?ilOS% Oceanic 5s.. — 105
Cal-st 5s 119 — Ombus C 6s. — 132%
S., C T^ a 4£ s - U1 — PacGIm4 8 »4 0s£
Ed L & P 6s. — — Pk&C H 6s. 112%
Fer&C H 68.120 — Pk&O R ' fa. 121 —
geary-st 5s. — 100 Powl-st R Cs.118%120
H C&S 5%s. — — Sac EGR 6s. 95% »6%
Do 6s..... — 100 SF & SJV53.123&124
L Ang R 5s. lift 120% Sierra Cal 6s — —
L A Lght 6s. 101% — S P of Ar 6s
Do gtd 63.IOO — (1909) ....113%
do gtd 5s. — 104 (mo) :::.—- _
L A & P 5s. 99 — S P of Cal fa '
Do lem 5s.l01 103 (1905)Sr A.
Mkt-st C 6s.l27%120 (1905)Sr B.109 109%
Do lem 5s. — 123 (1906) ....110%lll%
N R Cal 6s. — 115% (1912) .,..120 —
5a 121%122V* S P Cal 1st
N Fac C 5s. 107% — c gntd 5s.. 100 —
N CalR 5s. — 115 S P BrCal6s.l36 —
Oak Gaa 5s. 113 — S V Wat 6s. — 113
Oak Tran 6s.l24%125% Do 4s 102?il(W
1st c£s.lll — Do4s.3dml01 101%
Oak W g5s.l04 105 Stkn Gas 6s.lO2% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 75% 76 I Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marin Co 58 — Ispring Vally. S7% 87%
-GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% 2% p ac Light... 43 .46
Eqt G L Co. 5% 4 Sacramento.. — '• 40 "
ft "A"? 1 i/VT 17 »% S F G& E.. 43% 44U
O G L & H. 51 — San Fran.... 5V* —
Pac Gaa Im. — 41 Stkn G & E. 8 —
1 INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.242 — |
BANKS. .
Anglo-Cal .. — 81 LP&A 160
California . .412 — Mer Ex (llq). ls% _
Cal Safe Dp.110 — S F Nationl.130 —
First Natnl..32O —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1925 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .; — — Security Sav.315 —
Mutual Sav. 66 — .Union TrustlSOO —
S F Sav U..525 — 1 .
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 150 Market ...i. — 89
Geary — 60% 'Presidio 34% —
POWDER.
Giant 84 86 /Vigorit — 4%
SUGAR.
JJana 3% — Ktjauea — 12
Hawaiian ... 34% 40 Makawell ... 24% 24%
Honokaa ... 1CW4 10% Onomea .... 22 —
Hutchinson .14 14% Paauhau .... 10
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.ltJ-1 165 Oceanic S C. 45 50
Cal Fruit As. — 100 Pac A F A. . 2% -.
C* 1 w »ne v As. — 89 Pac C Borax.140 170
Mer Exchge.110 — Par Paint... 15 _
'Morning Session.
Board —
Alaska Packers' Assa 1B4 2s
25 Alaska Packers' Assn 164 50
5 Contra Costa Water ""' 75 kX
5 Contra Costa Water- " 75 75
J2 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. . 35 00
15 Makawell *»4 BO''
$1000 Market St Ry 1st con 5 per"ct!!l22 00
$5000 Oakland Transit Co 5 per cent.lll 00
60 Onomea Sugar Co 22 50
$1 ?2° O S J > Bran , ch Ry 6 I*' cent bdV.il36.60
.16 Spring Valley Water g7 00
. 25 Spring Valley Water 87 *>5
1 Spring . Valley Water 87 r» V,
. Street — . ■
/ 50 Makawell 24 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Assn ...'..; 164 75
'5 Alaska Packers' Assn iG4 "vt
60 Makaweli 2t no
$12,000 S P of Arizona (1909) !'"m 75
$100 U S 3 per cent bonds (coup)....ios 50
Street —
100 Equitable Gas 3 mi;
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 35 00
$20,000 S V 4 per cent bonds CM mort).101 00
PRODUCERS' OIL" EXCHANGE.
. Morning Session.
Board —
100 Home (b 30) }.... 3 40
200 Home...... .....'.'. 3 35
500 Monarch of Arizona... i«
900 OH City Petroleum .............. «o
60 Sovereign • ■ «q
100 Sovereign ' '- »>i
235 Sterling (b 60) .....** 1 1714
235 Sterling I j i 2 2
2000 Superior Jq^
Afternoon Session.
Board —
6000 Independence ; ■ 03
600 Monte Crlsto 180
■ 60 Twenty-eight 1 50
MINING STOCKS., '
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yes
terday: .
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belch, lit 500 Potosl 03
100 Hale & Norc. 13 1500 Silver Hill..* aj
200 Justice 01
■ Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher 121 300 Mexican . 1
850 Best & Belch. ■ 14 200 Ophlr ... " «t
150 Con Cal & V.I 05 200 Sierra Nev"* 0«
200 Gould & Cur. Oif -, .
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher ...... 1^ 100 Ophlr a*
1500 Best & Belch. ■ 14 100 Ophlr . Ji?
100 Con C & V.I C2Vi 2<X> Sierra Nev*"" Ort
500 Mexican '. 13 200 Silver Hill"*; 20
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch. 14 100 Ophir ....', K7
650 Con C & V.I 62% 300 Sierra Nev " o«
150 Hale & Norc. 13 400 Silver Hill***. "\j
1200 Mexican 11 "'" f~
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Dec. 11.-4 p „. .
Bid. Ask. Bid Ask
Alpha — 0-J Justice 01 £'•
Alta 05 OH Kentuck I _ S
Andes 01 02! Lady Wash... 01 —
Belcher 12 IV Mexican 13*: 1.1
Best & Belch. 13 14 Occidental ... 0* (A
Bullion ...... 03 03 Ophir..... I! Ib? «n
Caledonia ... 14 13 Overman .... 02 «w
Challenge Con 08 10 i Potosl .... ra 'Iu
Chollar 02 O^Savage " OS 04
Confidence... 50 CO Scorpion 1_ )u
Con Cal & V.I 60 1 fiS Seg Belcher*." _ o?
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nev... 05 06
Con N«w Yk. 01 — Silver Hlll.II 20 27
Crown Point. 01 02 St Louis 04
Eureka Con.. 14 — Standard ....3 303^5
Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate .... 05 07
Gould & Cur. 04 05 Union Con... 10 11
Hale & Nobc. 13 .13 Utah » 05 07
Julia ........— 01 Yellow Jacket 05 07
The best short story Bret
Harte ever wrote. It will ap-
pear in the Christmas edition
of The Call next Sunday.
Don't miss it!
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Walter S and Nellie T. Newhall to Henry
G. Newhall, lot on S line of Clay street. 137:8
W of Laurel avenue. W 82:6 by S 127 :8U: $10.
Joseph S. Jr. and Anna B. Spear to Lilian
B Hardy (wiie of D. H.), lot on V» line of
Locust street, 100 N of Sacramento. N 27:S»i
and County of San Francisco to Margaret
F. Moss,, lot on N line of C street 22:11 W of
Forty-fifth avenue, W 82. N 119J. E 73 to
Forty-fifth avenue. S to land of tora and Baa
lam as in SOI D. 44. S to beginning; $— .
Solomon and Dora Gets to Johanna L. John
son (wife of S. A.), lot on E line of Ninth
avenue 102 S of M street, S oO by E 120: *10.
Olive* Verkouteren (widow) to Alrred and
: Elizabeth Harrison, lot on NW line of Prague
street, 150 NE of Brazil avenue, NE loO by NW
100. lot 6. block 89. Excelsior Homestead Asso
° Augustln a Macdonald (by B. P. Oliver, com
missioner) to Hibernta Savings and Loan So
ciety lot on SE line of Lombard and Scott
btreets. E 137:6 by S 137:6: $3400.
Samuel R. Crooks vs. Jonathan J. Crooks,
et als. (by John T. Harmes, Gustave H. Umb
sen and Peter J. Sullivan, referees) to Charles
P Bradford, lot on E line of Keamy street,
68 NE of Jackson. N 46:6. E 6:7%. SE 60:&, \V
45:3; $8500.
William and Eliza Sharp to Robert D. Con
nolly, lot on N line of Geary street, 137:6 B
of Jones, E 28 by N 62:6; 110.
Estate of Joan N. G. Hunter (by A. F. Mor
rison and Oliver B. Martin, executors) to
James Flannery. lot on NE line of Third
street. 25 SE of Folsom. SE 46:8. NE 70. NW
22 SW 5, NW 24:6, SW 65: $17,500.
Wendel Gebbardt to Annette T. Horwlnski,
lot on SE corner of Howard street, 173 NE of
Sixth. NE 25 by SE 80; $10.
George P. and Alice C Baxter to Frank B.
Slngley. lot on E line of Eighteen avenue, 235
S of M street. S 25 by E 120: $10.
William Albert Buck to George F. Buck lot
on S line of J street, 55 E of Thirty-sixth ave
nue, E 25 by 8 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to William
H. Buckler, re-record 1934. d 99, N of Lake
street. 90 W of Third avenue, W 6i7:6, NW
376. E 3S6:3. N 376. NE 268. S 773; * .
Estate of Gustav Walter (by Josephine TV al
ter, executrix) to John H. Speck, lot on SB
corner of U street and Fourteenth avenue, E
57-6 S 100, E 125. N 100, E 57:6. S 9:11. SW 241.
ft 32:10; N 75, W 120. N 150; also lot on NR
corner of V street and Fourteenth avenue. N
225. E 92:6. SW 211:9, W 2:10: $420.
Josephine Walter (widow) to same, same,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Charles J. and Lucia H. Woodbury to Vin
cent Woodbury, lot 4. Lake View Tract: $10-
Celeste M. Vergez to George C. Alferitz. lot
on \V line of Dolores street. 64 N of Molloy.
N 50 by W 25, block 30. Fairmont Tract: $10.
Golden Gate Lodge No. 6, Benevolent and
Protective Order of Elks (by trustees) to San
Francisco Lodge No. 3, Benevolent and Pro
tective Order of Elks, lot in Laurel Hill Ceme-
Juiia C and Samuel G. Buckbee to Alice C.
Welch (wife of S. B.). lot on 3 line of Pacific
avenue 50 E of Pierce, E 40 by S 127:8U: *K>-
Alice C. and Samuel B. Welch to Julia C.
Buckbee (wife of S. G.). lot on N line of Pa
cific avenue 91:6 W of Steiner street. W 46 by
N 127:814; $10. _
Julius C. and Mary J. Toudy to Henry C.
Wulf, lot on N line of Bush street, 163 W of
Pierce W 27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Kauffman and Hannah Wertheimer to Mary
Schafer (wife of George), lot on N line of Ful
ton street, 240 W of Pierce. W 33 by N 137:8;
$10. - -•,•■..>.
George Schafer to same, same; gift.
L H and Lizzie Sly (by attorney) to H. B.
Pinney. ,lot on W line of Broderlck street, 63 3
of Greenwich, S 62 by W 78; $10.
J. Siefke to Mary E. Cady, lot on W line of
Baker street, 25 S of Greenwich, S 25 by W
100; $5.
. John and Luna Stlerlen to Myer M. Locwen
thal. lot on E line of Masonic avenue. 103 N
of Frederick street. N 25:1 by E 94; $100.
Eugene L. and Belle M. Kohlberg to T. B.
Draper, lot on S line of. Carl street, 155 E of
Wlllard, E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Mary I. and William Ferns to Edward and
Julia Ross, lot on W line of Alabama street.
73 NE of Serpentine avenue. W 100. S 20, SB
111:6, N 73; $10.
Mary E. and L. E. Hubbard to Emma L.
Callahan, lot on E line of Guerrero street, 114
! N of Twenty-third. N 27 by E 50; $10.
• John D. and Susie A. Tobin to Frank A.
Baumgartner. lot on N line of Twenty-fourth
street, 75 W of Diamond. W 25 by N 114; $10.
George W an^ Minerva K. Frink to Mrs.
Abbie F. Bickel. lot commencing 66 feet from
NW corner of Jones street and North Point, W
on North Point 21:6. N 137:6, E S7:6, S 37:6. W
66, S 100: gift.
Jessie Calflscb vs. . Ida D. Kieve and Walter
W. Norton (by Henry' E. Coffey, referee) to
Ida D Kleve and W. W. Norton, lot on E Una
of Larkin street, . 80 N of Turk, N 19:8 by B
137:6; $7000.
Jessie and Balthasar Calflsch to same, lot on
E line of Larkin street. 80 N of Turk. N 19:6.
E 137:6, S 19. W 87:6. S 6 Inches. W 50; $10.
George A. and Alfaretta Rankin to Levl M.
Kellogg, lot on NW line of Howard street. 275
NE of Fourth. NE 20 by NW SO; $10.
Jeannette Bernstein (wife of G.) to Oscar
Bernstein, lot on SE line of Natoma street. 87:8
NE from SW line of 100-vara lot 203, NE 25 by
SE 70 (SE Natoma. 362:8 NE Sixth, NE 25 by
SE 70). reserving life estate; gift.
F W and Emma Kern to John A. M. Boiler,
lot on W line of Bryant street, 40 N of Seven
teenth. N 60 by W 125: $10.
Herman Stettin to Minna Stettin, lot on E
line of Forty-sixth avenue. 150 S of L street.
S 75 by E 120; gift.
Candace H. Merced (Blanchard) to George
and Kate Ryan, lot 1391. Gift Map 3; $5.
Elizabeth O. Putzman (Capprise) (widow) to
Joseph B Coryell. lot on NW" line of Gould
street 275 NE of Salinas avenue. NE 75 by NW
100, lots 12. 13 and 14. block 3, Garden Tract
Homestead Association; $10.
• John B. Lauda to Joseph Windrow, lot on N
corner of London and Amazon streets, NE
132:5, NW 100. SW 143:3, SE 100, lot 4, block 7.
Excelsior Homestead Association; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Catha
rine Witt, lot in said cemetery; $36.
Same to Rose V. Claiborne, lot in said cem
etery: $300.
Catherine A. and Edward E. Cook or Koch
to Jacob Stern, lot on SE corner of Polk strott
and Fern avenue. S 30 by E 60; $10.
Daniel and Clara Meyer to Louis E. Boivin,
lot on north line of Union street. 101:0"s "W of
Polk, thence 23 by N 137:6; $10.-
Annie Meyer (wife of H. L. E.) to Francois
Marx, lot on S line of Green street. 99 W of
Van Ness avenue. W 26 by S 100; $10.
Estate of Elizabeth McMurray (by William
Joseph McMurray. administrator) to Eric J.
Thavonat. ltft on N line of Fulton street. 192:6
E of FUlmore. E 27:8 by N 137:6: $4200.
Laura A.- Wilcox (widow) to James C. and
Ada Hauerhs. lot on E line of Lyon street. 50
S of Sacramento, S 25 by E 106:3: $10.
Herman ■Ackerman to Louis Bendel, lot on
S line of McAllister street. 31:3 E of Cefftral
avenue (Lott), E 25 by S 100: $10.
John H. Rosseter. Alice M. or Alice and
Henrietta Dunne and Frances McHusrh (by at
torney) to Frederick J. and Flora E. Harper,
lot on E line' of Shrader street. 100 S of Hayes.
S 25 by E 100; $10.
John Center to Paul Master, lot on E line of
Alabama street. 150 S of Twenty-first. S 33 by
E 100; ?10.
Joseph Murphy to Agaplta O. de Clapp. lot on
. NE corner of Twenty-sixth and Bartlett streets.
E 77:6. N 80. E 40. N 50. W 171:0. S 130: $10.
, Estate of John N. G. Hunter (by A. F. Mor
rison and Oliver B. Martin, executors) to Madge
H. Fish, lot on S line of Pine street. 20 E of
Belden place. E 40 by S 57:6; also lot on NW
corner of Harlan place and Grant avenue. N
104. W 28. S 41. W 79:«. S 5. W 22:11, S 5J».
E i:!0:5; also lot on S line of Bush street, 28
W of Grant avenue. W 38 by S K!; also lot on
N line of Geary street. 87 :S E of Larkin, E 50
by N 137:6; also lot on N line of Post street.'
24S:0 W of Jones, W 26:.T by N 137:6; also lot
on N line of Eddy street, 112:6- E of Hyde. E 25
by N 137: $176,400.
Hugh Gllhuly to James H.. Hurh J. and
Mary E. Gllhuly. lot' on SE line of Clara street
(Clary). 227:6 NE of Sixth. NE 22:6 by SE
75; ?10.
•Charles R. Bishop to Bahr Sheideman. lot
on W corner of Howard and Sixth streets, NW
72. SW 75, NW 18. SW 37:6 SE 90, NE
112:6; $10.
City and County of San' Francisco to Pacific
Improvement Company, lot- on W line Illinois
street, 60 S of Twentieth (Napa), S 85 by W
100: also lot on W line Illinois street. 302 d
of Twentieth (Napa>. S 25 by W 100; — :
Same to same, lot on S line Nineteenth
street (Butte). 100 E of Kentucky, E 100. 3
400, W 100. N 70, E 25. N SO. W 125. N IS.
E 100. N 205: also lot on SW corner Twentieth
(Nana) and Illinois streets. S to Charter line
of San Francisco bv act passed in lS3t. \V
to land of Nutsen and ■ Petersen, N to Twen
tieth, K 100; — . v^ .%■-<-;•.-,
Clara N. Stetson to John Lerper. lot on E
llne\Fourt* avenuel 225 S of Lake street. 3
23 by E 120: $10.
Theresa M. Brooks to Edward J. Curling.
lot on W line Second avenue. 12S N of Point
Lobos avenue N "5. W 120. S 12:6. E 8:7. S
12:6. E 111:5; S10. 1
David A. an<l Rose Hanley to Edward Stan
fora, lot on S line Rlnley street (Prnspeot
place). 5SW»:» W of Alabama (Columbia place),
W 25 by S 75. Precita Valley lands; $10.
J J and Julia Rauer to Conrad and Louise
Scheerer 40 feet «n Pope street by 1 20O. knnw n
as Jot 2J('. Bernal Homestead Association; $10.
William B Peol (by P. J. Muller, commis
sioner) to Continental BuMdlng and Lmtn As
sociation, lot 2, block 21. Sunnyslde: *12SO.
-Elizabeth J. Tregasfcis (widow) to Ernes'- C.
Rend, lot on W line Plvmouth avenue. 125 S
of Holloway avenue. S 25 by W 112:5. lot 36.
block 8. Lakeview; S10.
Builders' Contracts.
L. C Norstrom (owner) with O. A. Craemer
(contractor), architects Mahoney & Ryland —
All work except painting, gas fixtures and win
dow shades for a two-story and basement fram^
building on TV line of Pierce street, 62:6 S of
Filbert. S 25 by W lt2:B; $»210.
Market Street Railway Company (owner?)
with O. H. & S. Walker (contractors), archi
tect Henry Lynch — Alterations and additions to
power and car house on NW corner of Wa«»»
lngtim and Mason Hreets. N 137 :B. W 8. N 46::;
W 49:«. S 2:3. W XO. N TH. .W. 22:11. S 2i>.
W 22:11, S 20. E 40:10, S to Washington, E to
beginning; $21,190.POST DESCRIBES
MODOC LYNCHING
Counsel Tells What the
Prosecution Hopes
to Prove.
First Witnesses Are Called
in the Trial of James
W. Brown.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALTURAS. Doc. 1L-Barrln e the dispo
sition of the defense to cause countless
and protracted delays by objecting to
anything- and everything, the trial of
•James \\ Brown, the alleged leading
>? . ln 1 t < he conspiracy that resulted in
. ihe lynching: of aged Calvin Hall, his
three sons and Daniel Yantis in Lookout
last May, is now fairly launched. Two
witnesses were examined to-day, but the
greater portion of time, except that con
so 0 ,"' An S nr^ nt , ln e "SumeSl of coSn-
SSiin^frSw tV. y Judge Ha n-ington ex
peuing from the courtroom one of the at-
ES32F f ° r the Offense has come to bl re-
Trial aS Part Ot the daily ro "tine of the
James T. Boyd was made an attornev
I epun^At 11^ ° a^ at thC
™« if t Auorne > General Post, on the
part of the prosecution. Boyd is the Dis
i.-K-t Attorney of lessen County
-rt tnS , C h tffl ?f, was read to the defend
er tVL he list of witnesses
I?h~£ Prosecution called: Robert Cort
yight, John Krcsge, Sidney Coyett Ira
n^^P 101113 * "owell. Ira Cannon
JJomingo i Simes, Richard Nickols, Fred
Vi a£ Pf. Cans Gehri, Charles Lambert. J.
R. Meyers. J. R. Meyers Jr.. Abbott
ween Samuel Boyd. Mrs. lsom Eade*
.•staff's? sssf jasaasrs
ff Lpck-out Calvin Hall. Frank and James HalL
Daniel \antis and Martin Wilson. On that
hf- > ;»,i n i >l i rSl i ance of a conspiracy entered into
b> this defendant. Brown, and others, warrants
were issued for the arrest of Hall and the oth
ers and alto search •warrants. These warrants
J^f^LfT Md h S oncers— tM« defendant in
4 .articular— exceeded bis authority m the pro-
The men were arrested and brought to Look
c\i t and Calvin Hall was on Monday dismissed
on the charge of burglary and Immedlately
atterward charged with petty larceny. Hall
was released on his own recognizance and
never afterward was a warrant issued for his
aiTest. The examination of the other defend
ants was not proceeded with, but finally Hall's
trial was eet for May 31.
Between the 25th and 30th of May various
excursions were made by the defendant and
others to Mary Wilson's place and Calvin
Hall's place. These places were visited several
times by parties, sometimes headed by Con
stable Carpenter and sometimes by Deputy
Constable Brown. The premises were searched".
Martin "Wilson was among those arrested on
the 2Eth of Slay and we will prove that at
the time he was arrested a rope was placed
around his neck by Eades or Levanton and
that he was hanged to a rafter until almost
•lead to make him confess. On the evening of
ilay 30. Brown, with Levanton, Roberts, Isom
Eades and others, went to Hall's place. Hall
was 74 years of age. They ransacked his
premises and placed him under arrest.
In making the arrest Brown forced Hall
along toward a. wagon, he protesting and offer
ing some resistance. This defendant struck
him from behind. Hall was refused the priv
ilege of talking to Agnes Wilson, a little girl.
Ke was taken to Lookout and kept in custody.
In the fore part of the night all of the prison
ers were sleeping in the barroom of the Look
out hotel. Adjoining the barroom was a bed
room in which Calvin Hall slept. Constable
Carpenter was in charge of the men until after
12 o'clock. After Carpenter went home Brown
took charge of the prisoners and a few min
utes later a boy named Sidney Goyett came.
Fifteen or twenty minutes after Brown ar^
rived twelve or fifteen men ca.me to the hotel. <
<i:sjx!aved one pistol and a rifle, pointing one
&i Brown and one at Goyett, and commanded
them to throw up their hands, which they
promptly did. The mob . divided into squads,
threw themselves on the men, tied their hands
behind them and gagged them, the material
being sunny sacks. After the prisoners were
gagged and tied the mob took them from the
hotel, having put ropes around the necks of
some cr all of them.
They took these four men down the street
to the bank of Pit River. There are two
bridges, one over a slough and the other over
she river. On the first bridge they hanged
Frank Hall and the others they hanged to the
bridge over the river.
When the mob first entered the barroom two
or three proceeded into the room in which Cal
vin Hall was sleeping. They returned from
the bridge on the run, gathered in groups in
front of the room, took old man Hall from
the room in his nlghtclothes to the bridge and
there hanged him with the others.
While Deputy Attorney General Post
proceeded with his statement there was
a constant volley cf objections from the
defense. At this point an interruption by
Attorney Clarence Raker brought on a
bitter clash between him and Post Raker
was finally removed from the courtroom
by the Sheriff, under orders of the court.
for objecting to statements by the court.
Post Droceeded:
Next morning the five bodies were found
hanging there. They were cut down and taken
to the Public Hall and a most remarkable in
quest was held. Levanton and Trowbridge sat
on the Coroner's Jury. The men were buried.
We will prove by circumstance* other than
these that the defendant wae among the con
fpir&tore; that he aided and abetted ln the
hanging, and every one in Lookout knows It.
We would, therefore, ask at your hands a ver
dict of puflty.
The first witness for the prosecution,
J. R. Myers Jr., was called this after
noon. Myers was Justice of the Peace In
Lookout at the time of the lynching 1 of
Martin Wilson and others. The docket of
Justice Myers was introduced in evidence
by the prosecution, showing that on May
25 a warrant was issued for the arrest of
POSTUM CEBEAL.
If 7° u are a Coffee Drinker, examine 3'oursclf very care-
r > : .-_ r9/i fully indeed. It will pay you big returns, for the examination.
xl&fieMkl J* vou ? n< * t^ lat ' n t * lc wee^ s anc * months past you have
Tktnu&MK been suffering small or great aches or ails anywhere in the
VLpwJj&Il. body, no matter whether in the leg, body, heart or head, you
tJwfflPsfl may 'depend upon it that the root of the trouble is an unbal-
T&jfflfti anced, disordered nervous system, caused wholly or in greater
Remember the' nerves traverse the shown by aches or ails, or uncomfort-
entire body, and when they are out of ablejeelings anywhere In the body
j '* ., ■ trn uble to some one Highly organized people are dis-
order convey their t ro^le to some one isoned b coffeef and think it
or more parts. No living ban* can tell y np druR ({Qr . fc .j a
just where the nerves will deposit the drug habit). It is really no task what-
trouble, but it is certain they will place cver to r jd one 's self of coffee: if one
it somewhere in one or more organs. will take" on Postum Food Coffee, the
In some cases disease is slowly built result of the change will be so pleasing
up for instance, in the kidneys, or in in point of good,_ healthy, comfortable
up. iorin»wui. t , howels and feehngr, that one is well repaid, particu-
the bram, or perhaps m the bowels and j arlv when there is no se lf-denial. for
does not make any violent .snowtor the teste q{ Postum Food Coffee is so
weeks or months, but it is being.piled dearly marked and delicious when it is
in slowly and surely, so that when properly prepared ( and that is easy),
enough diseased cells are built to maice that the c h an ge from the old coffee is
a showing, the trouble is so fa £«:onc not noticeable.
I that many times it 'is impossible to disease "whenTit is small and
recover. vou are a bl e t o stO p fa if you a il ow ft
J o h A:il& t} ZZ£™%t%l io K ro» j. waiter *uP f «u m
UU<1 &UU1C cwuvwvw v
POLICE FIND
STOLEN GEMS
Diamonds Taken From
Portland Hotel Are
Recovered.
Negro and a Woman in His
Company Are Arrested
in Omaha.
OMAHA. Dec. 1L— W. H. Woods and a
female companion, giving the name of
True Johnson, both of whom are colored,
were arrested by the local police to-day,
charged with having robbed Alfred F.
Lowenthal, a traveling salesman for a
New York jewelry firm, in a Portland, Or.,
hotel, of $15,000 worth of diamonds and
Jewelry.
The jewelry was traced by a local pawn
broker, who had received a printed cir
cular describing the stolen property, to
Woods and his companion, and they
were found in the east part of the city.
When arrested there was found in their
possession $3000 worth of diamonds and
jewelry, and a check for $200, which had
been given by the pawnbroker in ex
change for a diamond brooch. The wo
man denies having any Knowledge of
where the jewelry came from; and Woods
refuses to talk.
The robbery occurred November 17,
when Lowenthal stopped at a hotel in I
Portland for the night, lie left his sam
pie cases in his room and went ; to sup- |
per. When he returned they had been
broken open and the more valuable part I
of their contents carried away. Tnere :
were 223 diamond brooches, ninety-three
scarf pins and a large number of diamond
rings among the missing articles. /
Last Monday the Johnson woman called
at the office of a Douglass street pawn- .
broker with a brooch, on whicn the ;
broker made a loan of J200, for which
amount he gave his check. The woman
gave her address and left his office. He
then examined the brooch and found it to
be identical with the first article named
in a printed circular he had received de- ■
scribing the jewelry stolen from Lowen- !
thai. He immediately notified the police I
and two detectives were detailed to call
at the address given by the woman, but
found no one there. They made a second
call with more success, finding the woman
and Woods at the place, and both were
placed under arrest.
The Portland police have been notified
and a man is now on his way to this city
to identify the jewelry found in the pos
session of Woods and- the Johnson'
woman.
The police found on searching the house
ten diamond pins, three studs and a ten
pcint diamond set star of sunburst. Two
large diamonds adorned Woods' cravat
when rre was arrested and he had a ring
valued at $150. On several fingers of the
woman were also diamond rings of con
siderable value. It was their plan to
leave for the West within the next twelve
hours. The Johnson woman denied ail
knowledge of the robbery, claiming that
she had recently inherited money which
she Invested in diamonds. She was ar
rested in this city last spring and con
victed of robbing a man of $25. The police
say she was in Portland at the time of
the robbery in that city.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 11.— Detectives
have been watching a colored man here,
who is suspected of having robbed A. F.
Lowenthal of $10,000 worth of diamonds at
the Portland Hotel November 21, and It
is understood that he will be arrested this
afternoon. The police assert that he com
mitted the robbery and then turned the
booty over to Woods and several com
panions, who went direct to Denver from
here, and who were arrested in Omaha to
day. The delay in making the arrest of
the real culprit, the p«lice state, was for
the purpose of recovering the stolen dia
monds. Lowenthal and a Pinkerton de
tective left last night for Denver, where,
it Is said, others connected with the rob
bery now are.
Calvin Hall on a charge of petty larceny.
On May 31 at 1:30 o'clock the Justice Court
was called. Calvin Hall was found to be
dead and the complainant was not pres
ent. The record also shows that on May
25 a warrant to search the premises of
Calvin Hall to recover certain stolen arti
cles was issued.
During the introduction of the record
much time was devoted to argument as
to its admissibility. Post asked that the
jury be excused from the courtroom until
the argument was concluded. Judge Har
rington remarked that perhaps it would
be best to devote the first two weeks to
argument and then proceed with the trial.
The defense did not cross-examine Myers,
as his testimony related only to the au
thenticity of the record of his court.
E. L, Carpenter was next called to the
stand. The defense at once objected to
Carpenter being allowed to testify, on the
ground that during the opening statement
by counsel for the prosecution Carpenter
was charged with having been one of the
conspirators against Hall. During the
argument the court excused the jury from
the courtroom. After the objection by the
defense was overruled the jury returned.
Carpenter said that he was the con
stable of Lookout Township and that on
the 25th day of May he served a warrant
of arrest on Calvin Hall. He was ac
companied by Isom Eades and R. B.
Levanton. two of the men charged ln the
indictment, and that the game warrant
commanded the arrest of Mary Wilson.
Frank and James Hall, Daniel Yantis and
Martin Wilson.
The next question asked was as to what
method was followed in making the arrest
by Carpenter, Eades and Levanton. It
was objected to and a lengthy argument
on the admissibility of the question fol
lowed, during which Judge Harrington
excused the jury until 9:30 o'clock to-mor
row morning. The arerument was not con
cluded when court adjourned.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; DECEMBER 12, 1901.
PROMINENT FAMILIES UNITED
BY A VERY HAPPY MARRIAGE
Miss Gladys Landers Piver Becomes the Wife of Whitaker Ray.
Teas and Dinner Parties Greaty Enjoyed by the Smart Set.
Grand Ball to Be Given This Evening by the Schwabachers
MISS GLADYS LANDERS PIVER
and Whitaker Ray were married
yesterday afternoon at the Cali
fornia Hotel; The wedding was
- . a very quiet and exclusive . af
fair, only relatives and intimate friends
being present.
Miss Piver is the daughter of Mrs. Kate
Landers Piver of San Leandroi She has
become well known in society for her
beauty, but this is far from being her
only charm. She la a brilliant pianist
and has a rare soprano voice, which has
been carefully trained in Europe and
America in hopes of an operatic career.
Mr." Ray appeared on the scene a short
time ago, however, and a love affair was
the result. The- bride is tout 19 and the
groom 20 years of age.
Mr. Ray is the son of .Don Ray, State
Prison , Director and a member of the
Whitakef & Ray Company of this city
and Gait. Sacramento County. '
The bride was attended by her cousin.
Miss Bernice Landers, maid of honor,
and was given away by her brother, John
C. Piver. The Rev. Burr II. Weeden of
St. Luke's Church officiated.
The bride's gown was of white net,
beautifully appllqued, and draped over
white taffeta and moussellne de sole. The
long bridal veil of white tulle was caught
in the hair by a diamond ornament. The
bride carried a great armful of pink Bon
Silene roses.
Mrs. Piver was well gowned in gray
nun's veiling and ecru lace. ■ .. •
Miss Bernice Landers wore an artistic
Paris gown of pale violet crepe de chine
and white Renaissance lace, cut en train
and princess style, with several chiffon
flounces at the foot. She carried a shower
bouquet of white carnations and wore a
hat of white crushed roses and white
lace. . . -
: Miss Pearl Landers, a new debutante
and cousin of the bride, was attired in
cream lace, over .white silk. A large hat
of pale blue velvet. and plumes completed
the costume.
After congratulations and refreshments
Mr. and Mrs. Ray. left for Monterey,
where they will remain two ■weeks, after
which time they will be at home Wednes
days and Saturdays at 1440 Grove street,
this city.
Among the wedding guests were Mr.
SERIOUS CHARGE AGAINST
CHIEF EXAMINER MORAN
Board of Works Complains to Mayor
That Secretary Gives Out Pri
vate Information.
The Board of Public Works will file a
written complaint to-day, with Mayor Phe
lan to the effect that Chief Examiner
Moran of the Civil Service Commission
had slven out Information of a. private
nature to the public regarding affairs per
tinent to the administration of the .'two
boards. Commissioner Mendell, president
of. the Board of Public Works, charges
Moran with having written at -least two
articles concerning the prospective remov
al of George W. Dutton, inspector of
street sweepings, and the alleged refusal
of Superintendent of Buildings Barnett to
employ an old man who had passed the
civil service examination.
There has been bad blood between the
two boards for several months past ow
ing to the disinclination of the Board of
Public Works to be Intimidated into ac
cepting ellgibles furnished by the Civil
Service Commission. Caustic letters have
passed almost, daily between President
Freud of the Civil Service Commission
and • President Mendell of the Board - of
Works. Moran says that the last named
board has repeatedly put obstacles in the
way. of the introduction of the merit sys
tem In Its department, while Mendell
claims that the commission of which Mo
ran Is secretary has been inclined to be
dictatorial In the matter of appointments.
Moran denies that he gave out any in-
YOUNG LADY PROMINENTLY KNOWN IN SOCIAL CIRCLES IN THIS
CITY AND ACROSS THE BAY WHO WAS WEDDED YESTERDAY
TO THE SON OF A GALT CAPITALIST. ■ .
end Mrs. W. J. Landers, Mr. and Mrs.
John Landers, Miss Pearl Landers, Miss
Bernlce Landers, Mrs. Fred Tallant, John
H. Wise, Mr. and Mrs. George D. Wise,
Harry Wise, Don Ray. Miss Alpha Suss
mann, the Misses Miner,. Miss ■' Anna
Meyer, Miss Sherman and Miss Mabel
Drake.
F. A. Greenwood gave a dinner to a
number of his friends at the Bohemian
Club last evening. The . table was set in
the beautiful . red room. The decorations
were in harmony with the perfect ap
pointments of the apartment. . In the cen
ter of the banquet board was a fountain,
and suspended from the centerpiece were
butterflies that glistened in the soft. light.
Beautiful floral pieces added to the pretty
effect. ■ . . ,
Seated at . the table were F. A. Green
wood, Miss Dillon, Allen Wallace, Miss
EUingwood, Mr. Earle, Miss Ethel. Hager,
Mr. Maddox, Miss Pearl Landers, Cyrus
Miller, Miss Dolbeer, Mr. Grau, Orrln
Peck, Mr. Bruguiere, Frank Goad, J.
Moore, E. M. Greenway, Miss Lily Spreck
els, Donald de V. Graham. Miss Cos
grave, Dr. Wilson Shlels, Miss Wells,
Miss Grace Spreckels, Mr. Tobin and Miss
Ruth McNutt. During the dinner an'or
chestra discoursed sweet music. . '
A charming matinee tea was given yes
terday by Mrs. George L. Bradley and
Mrs. Ryland B. Wallace at their resi
dence, 2224 Clay street. The tea was given
in honor, of Mrs. Guy Scott, who as Miss
Leila Voorhies- was a belle of the smart
set. More than 200 guests thronged the
prettily decorated rooms. The affair was
a delightful i one. -The members of the ex
clusive set were received by the hostesses
and the following named ladles: ■
Mrs. Thomas Bishop, Mrs. A. • H. Voorhies,"
Mrs. Frederick W. Tallant, Mrs. Robert J.
Woods, Mrs. Spencer Buckbee, Miss Virginia
Rogers Stokes, Miss Katherlne Herrin, Miss
Pearl Landers, Miss Marietta Havens, Miss
Elsie Sperry and Miss Marie Voorhies.
Many visitors crowded the Maple room
of the Palace Hotel yesterday afternoon
and evening and examined the beautiful
objets d'art- placed -on exhibition by tho
California Keramic Club. The tables were
laden with the handiwork of the members
and proved very attractive.- ■ The collec
tion of vases, ornaments and useful ar
ticles : is the prettiest ever presented . by
the organization. Every article gives evi
dence of the skill and artistic ability of
the ladies who prepared it for exhibition.
The decorated chinaware is probably the
formation and laughs at the charge that
he wrote articles for the newspapers. It
is not thought that Mayor Phelan will
resort to any drastic measures for the
purpose of disciplining Moran, but that
the latter will be mildly reproved and
cautioned not to be too loquacious in fu
ture is almost certain.
Judge Lawlor Returns.
Judge Lawlor has returned from his
vacation in the | East looking hale and
hearty. ' He occupied the bench for a few
minutes : yesterday, continuing the case
of "Sir" Harry Westwood Cooper, alias
Ernest Moore Chadwick, charged with
perjury, till Saturday. The Judge set
the case of E. - F. Pettigrew, charged
with the murder of Lafayette A. Walsh
outside the Chutes on the morning » of
July 15, for December 17.
WANTS HER GRANDDAUGHTER.— Mrs.
Mary Griffin, an aged woman, Is 'at the City
and County Hospital In a very precarious con
dition. The last wish of the sick woman Is
that she may see her granddaughter before she
dies. The girl's name ' is Sadie Powers, .but
she sometimes went by the name of Sadie Colt
. The best^ short story Bret
Harte ever wrote. It will ap-
pear, in the Christmas edition
of The Call next I Sunday.
Don't miss it! ;
finest seen in this city in many years.
The exhibition will continue this after
noon and evening. . •
Miss Edith Preston will give a com
plimentary dinner to her sister, Miss
Norma Preston, this afternoon at the
University Club. Covers will be laid for
the intimate friends of the young ladles.
Miss Preston will be wedded to Worthlng
ton Ames -on Monday next. The wedding
will be celebrated in • Grace Episcopal
Church and will be the event of the week.
Mrs. William Giselman will give a mat
inee tea this afternoon from 3 to 6 o'clock
at her residence, 1720 Golden Gate avenue.
Her daughter. Mrs. "William Alexander
Lange, and Mrs. Lewis Smith will assist
in receiving. The decorations will be of
yellow and a' string orchestra will be in
attendance. This will be the first -large
tea given by Mrs. Giselman since her re
turn from Europe.
A very pretty afternoon tea was given
yesterday by Miss Lavinia Glesting at her
home. 1928 Pine street. The house was
tastefully decorated for the occasion. The
char miner hostess was assisted in receiv
ing by Mrs. Joseph Giestinp. Mrs. Lester
Herrlck, Miss Elizabeth Prlndle, Miss
Nettie Sexton, Miss Mabel Adams Ayer
and Miss Maud Atkinson-
This evening a grand ball will be given
in the rooms of the San Francisco Verein
by Mr. and Mrs. Sigmund Schwabacher.
The function is In honor of the Misses
Stella and Mina Schwabacher, who will
make thglr' formal debut into society.
The hostess and her beautf ul daughters
will receive the guests. More than one
hundred Invitations have been sent out.
The ballroom ■will be handsomely deco
rated with hollyberrles. potted plants and
flowers. Supper will be served at mid
night and an orchestra will render ap
propriate music.
A delightful dance ; was . given in Cotil
lon Hall Tuesday evening by the alumni
of the Polytechnic High School. There
•vras a large attendance of members and
an enjoyable evening was had. The sucr
cess of the affair was due to the follow
in £T members:
' Floor mantteer, Charles"^. Lowe ; assistant
floor manager. Miss Eunice Kasten; floor com
mittee — Monroe Green, Misa S. Lurch, Louis
Dorr, Miss B. Schwelnitzer; reception commit
tee—Herbert Hauser (chairman), Miss W. Lll
lon, Louis Levy, Miss B. Beeney, ■ M. G. Ban
ner, Mias K. O'Connell, D. S. Cahen.
DUDLEY DUBOSE MUST
STAY QUIETLY IN JAIL
Commutation Credits. Are Not Avail
. able in Cases of Contempt of
Court Only.
The friends ! of ex- Judge Dudley Dubose,
now in the Alameda County Jail ser
lng a sentence of six months" imprison
ment for contempt of the United , States
Circuit Court, are making a strong,ef
fort . at Washington to have hjs sentence
commuted, he having already served
about four., months. As a result of their
good offices in Dubose's behalf Attorney
General P. ' C. Knox transmitted yester
day to United States District Attorney
Marshall B. Woodworth the following tel
egram: : ■ .. '■'■■■ ■ v ■•. - ■
"Application has been made to the law
department in behalf of Dudley Dubose
to have the commutation law applied .to
sentence for contempt of court. Forward
report . of case, >. with your views as to
application > of commutation, without de
lay."- "- : •'■■■' • ■/ - :• ■■• :-■ - t .-\; ■-
Mr. Woodworth replied that Judge
Sawyer, in , the case of .Terry, who had
been . sentenced to six monthf '. imprison
ment . in the r Alameda County ' Jail for
contempt of court. ln the presence of. the
Judge, held that the Revised , Statutes
provide that persons i who . have • been
Imprisoned for violation of the . laws of
the United I States I are entitled to credits ,•
but that persons ' committed for contempt
of court are not within the purview of
this law, as -they are not guilty, of an
offense against '. the ■ laws of • the United
States, but < simply ot an ' offense against
the; court Itself. . ?
"ROYAL ROGUE"
PLEASES PEOPLE
"Cowboy and the Lady"
Winning Popularity
at California.
Mary Mannering Next at the
Columbia — Minnie Selig
man at the Grand.
Jefferson de Angelis in the operatic
novelty, "A Royal Rogue," is pleasing
large audiences at the Columbia Theater.
The comic opera comedian at the head of
this splendid company is one of the best
exponents of his style of work in this
country, and throughout the performance
he is a great source of ' entertainment to
the large audiences in attendance. De
Angelis in - "A Koyal Rogue," with us
bright ana catchy music, will remain the
attraction at the Columbia Theater
throughout all of this and next week.
There will be Sunday nignt perlprmances
and matinees on Saturdays.
There is considerable interest being dis
played in the coming appearance here of
Mary Mannering in the dramatization of
"Janice Meredith." Miss Mannering is
to be the holmay attraction at tne Co
lumbia, and she will be supported by a
company of unusual excellence.
"Tha Cowboy and the Lady" is In its
last performances at the California, tht
performance on Saturday, mgnt being the
nnal one here, 'i he comedy drama has
been deiignting good crowds ■ all this
week, ana from tho people who have wit
nessed it the play has received nothing
but praise. .
On Sunday night comes a vivid re
minder of America's most revered actor,
Joe Jefferson, in the shape of his son
Thomas, who during the last three sea
sons has succeeded to his great father's
famous roie in "Kip Van Winkle." The
mere fact that his father has put him out
at the head of his own company and to
keep the illustrious name of Jefferson
before the public is in itself sufficient
guarantee that the young mail has
enough talent - and histrionic ability to
sustain the reputation the elder Jefferson
won during his sixty years on the stage.
The accessories will be Identical to those
used by Joe- Jefferson In the East. The
advance sale will open this morning. .
This week .is the last of the Pollard en
gagement at the Tivoli, and the pre
sentation of "In Town" has been the
means of making the little folks more
popular than ever. It is a breezy mu
sical comedy, and, taken all around, is
as good a thing as the little- ones have
done here. They give way on Monday
next to the regular Tivoli Comic Opera
Company, whicn will be seen in a new
Christmas extravaganza, "Little Red
Riding Hood." The Commercial Travel
ers have the house on Tuesday next,
December 17.
Minnie Seligman at the Grand Opera
house is appearing with a fair measure
of success in "A Wife's Peril," in which
she is well supported by the Grand
Opera-house stock company. It is a Sar
dou play, written for Mrs. Langtry, and,
Uko all of Sardou's dramas, sufficiently
sensational. It has a comedy interest in
stronger evidence than is usual with its
author's work, and is pleasing good
houses . this week. "Diplomacy" will be
a popular revival of Miss Seligman' s en
gagement and will be presented next
week.
"The Electrician" is one of the most
characteristic Central productions that
has been seen at the uptown house. It
is crammed with mechanical and electri
cal sensations, and the various "effects"
are, of the most realistic description.
,Those who like that kind of thing cannot
do better than go up to the Central this
week. They will get it full strength and
unadulterated. "Muldoon's Picnic" is an
other; sort of picnic that will follow "The
Electrician" next week. -
"The Gay Mr. LIghtfoot" Is announced
as the next attraction at the Alcazar,'
and is looked -upon by Jhe management
as one of. the best farce attractions of
the season. It is a three-act farce by
Louis de Lang and Lee Arthur, and U
something on the order of "Christopher
Jr.," the present week's bill.- That- the
clever company at the Alcazar will do
good' work with it is a foregone conclu
sion, and meantime "Christopher Jr." i3
pleasing the patrons of the O'Farfell
street temple. •'
The Chutes and Zoo announce an "all
star amateur show" for to-night, with
the regular vaudeville entertainment of
the house. .
The Orpheum is filled to overflowing at
every performance this, week. Sherrie
Matthews. Norma Whalley, Sam Marlon
and; William McCart constitute a vaude
ville quartet of great mirth-provoking
powers and. "Caught With the Goods,"
presented by Flo Irwin and Walter Haw
ley, is packed with bright lines and amus
ing situations. • The Dumond Parisian
Minstrels, La. Tortajada. Fred Niblo. the
American monologlst, " the Fraser troupe
of dancers, Werden and Shepherd, ballad
singers, and the Biograph complete the
bill.
The first of the series of symphony con
certs under the auspices of the San Fran
cisco Symphony. Society will take place at
the Grand Opera-house to-morrow after
noon at 3:15 sharp. Director Paul Steln
dorff has his orchestra of fifty-five men,
with Glullo Minetti as concertmeister, in
splendid condition and an artistic and in
telligent performance ; is to be expected.
The programme is attractive and includes
the .third symphony in F major, "Im
Walde" (In the Forest) of Joachim Raff;
J. Brahms* "Academic Overture"; the
German and Spanish movements from
Moszkowsky's "Suite of All Nations"; the
serenade for strings by R. Volkmann, and
Liszt's "Rakoczy March." Reserved seats
range in price from 50 cents to $1 50 and
are in. great demand at Sherman, Clay &
Co.'s. The doors will be opened at 2:30
and no one will be seated during the ex
ecution of a number.
Mme. Charity Martin is scoring a great
success at Fischer's Concert-house this
week. Her duet with Slgnor G. S. Wan
rell. the clever basso, is a vocal gem.
Others on the programme are the Mullaly
Sisters, dancers: Charles Barrington, the
"Human Orchestra": Blanche Reynolds,
trombonist: Demlng and Carroll, sketch
artists: Kalacratus, equilibrist, and Sat
nella, contortionist. Hlnrichs* orchestra
is always good.
Tapping Electric Wire.
The case of Ignatz Beck, druggist, 1343
Ellis street, charged with willfully and
unlawfully connecting - a wire in his
store • with the apparatus of the Inde
pendent Electric Light and Power Com
pany, was called in Judge Fritz's court
yesterday./ By consent a continuance
was granted till Saturday for the de
fendant to plead. • ■ -•■
Beceived Injuries in Collision.
Laura A. Riter. who: was Injured In a
collision near Dunsmuir November 26,
1900, is suing the Southern Pacific for
$10,405 damages.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
Cei\temeri
dainty sachets
will bo honored ir\
over I3O -stor-osUirv
tk© Vhitedj States
Salesroom; 200 post st
POPE GRANTS
HIS BLESSING
Interesting Cablegram Is
Bead to the Catholic
Federation.
Women Are Given the Priv
• ilege of Joining the
Society.
CINCINNATI, Dec. 11.— The American
Federation of Catholic Societies, suggest
ed at a conference last winter, temporar
ily organized at Long Branch last sum
mer and permanently established hero
this week, will hold its first regular na
tional convention in Chicago July 15, 1903.
In addition to a membership ot over halt
a million of the laity represented here this
week, this Federation has received the
indorsement of the Pope, the American
Cardinal, the Archbishop of this province,
a half dozen Bishops who have been pres
ent and of a great many in the priest
hood. It is, however, an organization ot
laity. All the officers are laymen.
1 The only question regarding member
ship was that of the admission of women.
The committee on constitution did not
report in favor of their admission, but
the convention took it up and after a Ions
and animated discussion decided to ad
mit them.
The objects of the Federation are stated
to be "the cementing of the bonds of'fra
ternal union among the Catholic laity and
Catholic societies of the United States;
the fostering and protecting of Catholic
interests and works of religion, piety, edu
cation and charity; the study of condi
tions in our social life, and the dissemina
tion of the truth."
i During the evening session the follow
ing cablegram was read by Bishop Mc-
Faul and received with three cheers, fol
lowed by continuous demonstrations:
"ROME, Dec. 11.— His holiness , most
lovingly grants- hla apostolic benediction
to the American Federation of Catholic
Societies assembled in national conven
tion In Cincinnati.
"M. CARDINAL RAMPOLLA."
: A number of addresses followed the
reading of the cablegram from the Pope,
the most prominent being by- Father
Mackey on- socialism. He maintained that
all anarchists were first socialists. The
committee on nominations reported the
following nominations: President, D. B.
Minahan. Ohio; vice presidents, L. J.
Kaufman, New Jersey: C. H. Cannon,
Illinois; T. W. Fitzgerald. New York;
secretary, Nicholas Gonner, Dubuque,
Iowa; treasurer, J. P. Fries, Pennsyl
vania; marshal, J. J. O'Rourke, Penn
sylvania; executive council, M. J. Moonev,
Ohio; P. H. McGuire, Pennsylvania: T.
B. McKenna, New Jersey; Gabriel Fan
cier. New York; R. M. Ryan, Minnesota;
E. D. Riordan, Indiana; George W. Gib
bons, Pennsylvania.
The convention then adjourned until to
morrow, when the other officers wlU bo
elected, r; ■■'--■-■
ACTRESS GIVEN JUDGMENT.— Mrs. I* A.
Arper, an actresa, was, given judgment for $50
yesterday against the Central Theater and
Amusement Company. She sued to recover $150
{or an alleged breach of contract.
ADVEBTISP.TVrT.TTTS.
FEW PEOPLE REALIZE
The Danger in That Common Disease,
Catarrh.
Because catarrhal diseases are so com-
mon and because catarrh Is not rapidly
fatal, people too often overlook and ne?
gleet it until some incurable ailment de-
velops as a result of the neglect.
The inflamed condition of the membrane
of the nose and throat makes a fertile soil
for the germs of Pneumonia and Con-
sumption, In fact catarrhal pneumonia
and catarrhal consumption are the most
common forms of these dreaded diseases,
which annually cause more than one-
quarter of the deaths in this country. '
Remedies for catarrh are almost as
numerous as catarrh sufferers, but very
few have any actual merit as a cure, the
only good derived being simply a. tempo-
rary relief.
There Is, however, a very effective rem-
edy recently discovered which is rapidly
becoming famous for it3 great value in re-
lieving and permanently curing all forms
of catarrhal diseases, whether located !n
the head, throat, lungs or stomach.
This new catarrh cure i» principally
composed of a gum derived from the Eu-
calyptus tree, and this gum possesses ex-
traordinary healing and antiseptic proper.
ties. It is taken Internally ln the form
of. a lozenge or tablet, pleasant to th«
taste and so harmless that little children
take them with safety and benefit.
Eucalyptus oil and the bark are some-
times used, but are not so convenient nor
so palatable as the gum.
Undoubtedly the best quality is foumj ia
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, which may bo
found in any drug store, and any catarrh
sufferer who ha3 tried douches. Inhalers
and liquid medicines will be surprised At
the rapid improvement after a few" days*
use of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, whtca
are composed of the gum of the Eucalyp-
tus tree, combined with other antiseptics
which destroy the germs of catarrh in th*
blood and expel the catarrhal poison from
; the system.
: Dr. Ramsdell in speaking of catarrh and
its cure says: "After many experiments
I. have given up the idea of curing catarrh
by the use of inhalers, washes, salves or
liquid medicines. I have always had tJi»
best results from Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets; the red gum and other valuable anti-
septics contained in these tablets make
them, in my opinion, far superior to any
of the numerous catarrh remedies so ex-
tensively advertised." The fact that Stu-
art's Catarrh Tablets are sold in drus
stores under protection of a trademark
should not prejudice conscientious physi-
cians against them, because their un-
doubted merit and harmless character
make them a remedy which every catarrh
sufferer may use with perfect safety and
the prospect of a permanent cure.
For colds in the head, for coughs, ca-
tarrhal deafness and catarrh of the stom-
ach and liver, people who have tried them
say that Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are a
household necessity.
YOUR HOLIDAY SHIRTS,
Collars and cuffs -will be right If we da
them. "We do only first class laundry
work, and we put a finish on linen that
good .dressers appreciate. We do every-
thing right, Including the delivery. 00
time. We call for and deliver.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
' Office 1OO4 Martcat~Str*«t.,
Telephone — South 42O.
Oakland Offlca— 64 San Pablo Av»
I ■■■■■■ii nil— ■■■■nii«lniiM«Miii— inmiiiin
910
SAX PRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE nf^The.San Francisco
Csll. corner of Market and Third streets : open
unMI 12 c" t-lock every nleht In the year.
BRANCH OITT.CC?— E27 Montgomery etreet
comer Clay': ripen tn til 9:30 p~ m. " , .
3WJ Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
<3» McAl'v'er ftj^t: open until; ». 30 p. m.
S15 Lnrttin street: open until 9:20' p. m.
1S« M<M>icn ttreet;open until. 19 p-'m.
t2Cl Marfcr* etreet. corner Sixteenth:.* open
or.til « p. m. ... . "•-...
1W Klevcn-Ji street open until. 9 P- m.~
10SS Valencia street open until » p-.m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second" and Ken-
turkv rtrerts: open ur.til 9 p. ra. ■ ;
2200 Fillraore street: open until 9. p. ra.
me'etixg notices. _
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M. — a
Special meeting -THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. 7:oO o'clock. P. M. and J\J\
M. E. M. -decrees. By order of the '
H. P._^ JOHN i R. ■" inLLMXN' . Secre tary."
CALIFO"RN1A" Lod?re" No." 1. K. and A. m
M. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) ,#%_
EVENING. December 12, at 7:30 JII
o'clock. Third degree. By order of '
the Master. FRANKLIN H.. DAY. Sec.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. ."«). F. and •
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (THURS- \lf%
DAY) EVENING at 7 :30 o'clock. Sec- fLX
end degree. By order of the W.. M. ' ~ »
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155. I. O. O.
F.. will have Initiation THIS
< THURSDAY) EVENING. De-
ceraber 12. 1001. Visiting broth-
ers cordially Invited. '' .
FRANK D. MACBETH. N. G.
OH A?. J. THELEN. Rec. See.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle v *>'>•,
i-lub meets THIS (THURSDAY) 5S SMV.'J
EVENING. Fraternity Hall. 33 "<fi»«X£*
OFarrell ft., at 8 o'clock. Elec-
lion of officers and distribution of tickets
for Hogmanay supper and ball.
GEORGE MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
STANFORD Tarlor No. 76. N. S. G. W. — Th«s
Funeral Committee is directed to assemble
«t the residence T5f our late member, HENRY
F. HORSTMAV No. 3S16 Nineteenth St..
TO-DAY *THURSDAY>. December 12. 1001.
at I*:50 p. m. Ry order of the parlor.
BRl'CE CORNWALL. President.
FRED H. JUNG. Secretary.
THI> California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine bv the hydraulic
process from W. W. Stone Sr.. fn the Red
Hill jrravel mine, near Plaeerville. El Do-
rsdo OOBSty a to deposit tailings in a worked-
<mt pit: from Mrs. Ollvene A. Stone, in the
OSijniac pravel mine, near Placervllle, El Do-
■>rsdo County, to deposit tailings In Webber
Creek: snd from J. B. LaF&iat In the Las-
cist mine, at Poker Flat. Sierra County, to
deposit tailings in a worked^out pit gives
nciir-e that a meetlne will be held at room
E9. Fliod building, San Francisco. CsU.. on
December 23. 1501. at 1 :30 p. m. .
CHFAPKST and best in America— Tfce Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sect to any address In the
United Ftates or Canada one year for Jl.
pr»c*»«-* r**M *-" i
*T AGENTS WAXTED. :
\GFNTP wanted to sell a plant from the Phil-
ippine Islands: grows In 10 minutes; never
dies: sells at sight; agents make $7 to $10 a
day. Call st or send 25c for sample at 417
Bush st., room 1; call bet. 6 and 9.
\GF.NTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
r.noe? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bide.
ASPHALTCM ROOFING. •
3 PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal 1186 MlEglon: teL FolBom 2<77.
CITY ASPHALTUM CO.. 6S2 Market st— Roofs,
tififTralks. floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2S32.
' ATTORNEYS AT LA;\V.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty: quick, quiet:
no charge without success ; established 16 yr«.
Open evening* by appointment; phone John 31S1.
G. W. HOWE. £50 Market st. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorcesprivate: bankruptcy; col-
lections ; attachments : mortgages : "bills of Bale :
partnerships : de»de : wills drawn ;fees low ; open,
eve's. THURSTOX. 1008^ Mkt. r. 4. opp. 5th. f
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S?7 Market st. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket *t. : consultation free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
NEW bicycles for children, men and women;
jarg-ei-t assortment on the Pacific Coast.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine and Market sts.
BOOKS-AEW ASD OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought TeL Red 2Si«.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 7M-706-708 Mission st
■~^~. -?. t^ EA -' tJ rcE^SL 1 !:
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. £26 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— S^JooT CORNER grocery and bar on Tay-
lor st; rent $25; place establ.many years
and -doing a good business; value in Eight
Call R. G. WILKE, 26VS Kearr.y gt
A — $300; CORNER saloon with 3 rooms; rent
S2o; good business and finest location in the
Mission. Call R. G. WILKE. 2QU, Kearny.
A — $UOO: COFFEE saloon and restaurant es-
tablished years; first-class paying: located
close to Chronicle bldg.; bargain; call soon.
R. G. WILKE. 2ti% Kearny Et
A— $500; RESTAURANT on Ellis st doing a
rushing and good paying business; rent only
$35; place easily clears $100 per month. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— £500; LEADING country hotel of SO rooms,
dining and billiard parlors; barroom clears
ail expenses and more; rent {75; S yean.'
lef.se; a. splendid chance. Call R. G. WILKE,
26V4 Kearny et
A— $900: SALOON. Including 8 furnished rooms;
a ff.Ier.cid paying business; lease; location
can't be beat; rare chance for any one. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26tt Kearay st .
A— U500; BAKERY. Including stock; rent $40;
living rooms; best location; ho opposition; es-
tablished years; good paying: sickness of
owner only cause of sale. See It. G. WILKE,
2614 Kearny st "
A— J6C0; SALOON on Sansome st; rent $3; very
choicest location and a good paying business.
For particulars. R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny.
A— J1000; CORNER ' caloon on Sixth- et; rent
$60 net; good paying business; no better lo-
cation on Sixth Bt. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearcy st
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market "st
If you want to buy or sell business, call at
our office, rm. 2; see our large list of differ-
ent chances ; a friendly Inquiry costs nothing.
Saloon; wholesale dlst. nr. water front; 4 llv'e
rms.; true money maker; owner sick. McBride
& Co., real est & auctioneers, 705 Market
AT a great sacrifice — $125 will buy a first-class
rtjstfcuiajit ; must be sold at once; party Ieav-
lng the city. McBRIDE & CO., 7t55 Market.
A RARE chance— A cafe and restaurant In
the best business locality in the city, with
elegantly furnished sleeping apartments and
bath; all night service and a lucrative busi-
ness; established a number of years; a full
investigation allowed to prove that this is a
bona fide business offer; a first-class loca-
tion and a paying business; terms. Address
A. Z.. box 2715. Call office.
MILES & CO.. £27 Market St., room 208.
HjOO — Hotel In dairy country; always fulL
J5O00 — Hotel in farming country; close to city.
1600— Restaurant, this city, very centraL'
J2d00-Saloon and building; rent $40.
A full list of all kinds business chances too
long to advertise; see us. ■>
J3*ft— PARTNER wanted In the manufacturing
business ; clears flCO to $150 per month to each
jmrtner. Call 923 Market St., room 14.
ICECREAM parlor and candy store doing a fine
business; must be sold; price |450; call and
Investigate. Rocm 14. 835 Market st
ETENBERG CO.. 7S9 Market Et
Phone Black K91.
Bur« «<S rells real estate, furniture, lodging-
houses, restaurants, business chances of all
kinds. Phone calls promptly attended.
HEALY & HEN&ERSON. phone~James 277L
C Eddy st, rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
ttoreg, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands. leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
A— $700; RESTAURANT, established for years
on principcl street; owner going East. Ad-
dress box 27C5, Call office.
FOR sale — 500 shares Montezuma Mining Co.
copper etock cheap; until Friday. Box 2CG3
i . Ca'.l ofHce.
1230— PARTNER; established real estate, busi-
news chances and lodging-house business. Box
2<Z>ti. Call office. . ■- .
TOR sale— A good planing mill in a lumber
yard: located In a growing town. Address
P. O. box 4S9. Healdnburg. Cat.
A— FOR cigar stands that actually make money
see C. L. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott building.
INVESTORS' savings . can earn minimum of
12% per annum, payable quarterly; guaran-
teed from loss; particulars on application.
Add. Investment Dept. 66 Broadway, N. Y.
PARTNER wanted: established brokerage bus-
iness; fine fpportunity for steady man. Cal.'
Business A£Kn., SiZ^i Market tst '
SALOON for sale — City front; long lease with
build In* : owner wants to retire. CHARLES
CHRISTIANSEN. Apply 11 Clay st.
FOR sa'.e — Corner grocery and bar on Sixth
gt; bargain. Bcx 2740.. Call office. ■,-?.;■-
BLACKSMITH shop for sale! 205 : Eighth *t
FOR* *«le — Barber shop: laundry office, cigar
f dfcid; fine location. Box 2710, Call office.
Established Mfg. wholesale and retail business;
good location: $HXK). Call 217- Fifth st.
WANTED— Investors in a plain., fiubetamial
business' enterprise. Address box 2C70. Call.
FIRST-CLASS saloon with frrocery, ou account
of death. Inquire at 1C97 Folsom st. ' s V
L.ODGIXG-HOl.'SES FOR SALE.
5J C~ DEC^E^T~ESTABL"iiHED^ IN THIS
CITY IN 1S77. HEADQUARTERS FOR ALL
KINDS OF BARGAINS..
5 rooms and bath (flat) $ 4C0
10 rooms on Taylor .; ..' C50 >
26 rooms on Kearny 1400 |
23 rooms, clears $100 .'• 850 •
. 100 rooms, clears $4«) 6C00 i
: 60 rooms, clears $350 3600 |
'• T-4-room corner house 4000 j
, 10 rooms on Eddy St.. 850
18 rooms on Third st ; S50
. 24 rooms. 2 fronts; clears $200 1600
S3 rooms: best In the city 2C00
' 60 rooms: sure to clear $300 3C0O
' ..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE..
........CALL IF YOU WISH TO BUY
....Sell or exchange any kind of property....
..I CAN SUIT YOU
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. PECKER. 1C20 Market: phone Mint 798.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. ■
ST.0 Market st. Tel. Davis 2*1.
3S rooms; swell family hotel J6500
20 rooms: cheap rent 1300
12 room*: good location; bargain .' 750
21 rooms: fine fur.; very profitable 3200
13 rooms: all light: cash 500
S8 rooms: close in: cood payer ■ 3200
16 rooms; new building: new fur 1100
10 rooms; all furnishings good 1000 !
14 rooms; boarding: bargain 1200 ,
15 rooms; paying well; boarding 2L00 1
40 rooms; new fur.: rent fSO 2000
VACANT HOUSES FURNISHED.
VACANT HOUSES FURNISHED.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST.
' Any of the following on monthly payments:
9 rooms; bargain; $50 cash. baL payments $150
22 rooms: income £200: elegant; bargain.. lJOO
f rooms; well furnished 400
S3 rooms; grand transient location 2200
15 rooms; good location; clears $150 J200
16 rooms; corner; part cash 1000
28 rooms; clears $C0; payments 400
99 rooms: grand corner: clears $600 5500
• CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
IS rooms; respectable; clears $S0... 4 1500
20 rooms; good location: money maker... 750
MONEY LOANED- PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market Bt.
DO YOU WANT A LODGING HOUSE?
IF SO
SEE '.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1C26 MARKET ST.
(THE RELIABLE AGENTS.)
7 r. : brand new; G.G.ave. ; part cash. $.">50
11 r.; corner: offices: part cash: $10 monthly.
15 r. : corner: near Powell Et 900
17 rooms: r?nt $30; reduced to $450
20 r. ; brand new furniture: modern bldg.
20 r. : must sell: make offer; see this!
1 28 r. ; apartment house: corner $2500
18 r. ; rent only $50: payments $S50
C5 r. : finest corner In city ; we have It.
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market st. and $ Stockton st
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
100 r. : cor.: rent $550: lease: fine income:
first floor offices: best location In city $5000
7 r. : rent $12: Mission; good and neat 200
36 r.; rent $140: first -class room., house.. 3230
14 r.; rent $45; residence: good fur.; piano. £50
26 r.; rent $30: clears $100: good fur 1S0O
15 r.; finest little board, house In city.. 1100
17 r. : rent $45: cor.: oak fur.; clears $100. SaO
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
SAMPLES FROM LIST OF 517 HOUSES.
1« r.; modern; marble steps: grand view;
quiet; respectable: clears $60 a month — $1300
14 r.: central: nice furnishings; clears $63. 800
12 r.; N. Mkt: quiet: respect; clears $52 650
22 r.; Golden Gate av. ; fine; clears $79.. 1600
46 r.; Sutter st; 1st -class in each particular;
clears $200 a month over all expenses.
115 r.; best proposition north of Market gt.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city: set our
list first MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market «t
FLAT to let: furniture for sale at a great sac-
rifice. McBRIDE & CO.. 763 Market, r. 1 & 2.
LODGING-HOUSE~for sale; price $1000; 21
rooms; rent $80; transient. 207 Post st.
5500-LODGING-HOUSE, Si rooms, all filled;
rent £20. 543 Howard gt
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for rnalllner. $1 per year.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing med'-jm: spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue . Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m.. 50c. 1C84 Bush st j
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and i
Gough: phone Larkin 10S6 — Seances Sun.,
Tues., Thurs., 8:15 p.m.; 25c; readings. 10 to 5..
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings. $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell Et: Ellis car^
A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth et: satisfactory
readings, EOc. $1: circle every night, 10c.
ARNOLD DICKSON, last day for readings,
50c, $1; leave city to-morrow. 201 Turk st.
Ethel Crlndle, materializing seance Friday eve.,
50c; spirit pictures dally 10-4 o'clock. 325 Ellis.
KATIE HEUSSMAN removed to 1774 15th. nr.
Guerrero; circles Sunday eve., 25c; sit. dally.
MRS. VALEEN. automatic writing: palmist,
clair. ; succeeds when others fail. 15S3 Market
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit retura
to-alght. 005 McAllister; 10c; come, ekeptict>.
EDWARD EARLE, 82S Ellis, phone Polk 1601;
sittings 9:30 to S; seance. Sun. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night 10c
CLAIRVOYANTS. ■
EXTRAORDINARY! EXTRAORDINARY!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
CLAIRVOYANT — PALMIST. .,
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London.
AS A TEST IN THE READING WILL TELL
TOUR NAME. AGE. OCCUPATION. WHOM
AND WHEN YOU WILL MARRY.
BUSINESS. LOVE, MARRIAGE.'
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' • quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies: gives full secret
how to control or Influence any one you love
or meet; no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 daily; 10 to 5
Sundays. . .
Reception rooms. 13. 14, first floor,
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD. ~ "
: THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap--
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; !
25c up; satisfaction* guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569. I
THIS notice and 10c — Past, present, future, j
sickness, lawsuits, troubles, family affairs,
enemies, friends, Investments, speculations, |
changes, detect dishonesty, unfaithfulness, I
treachery, love affairs, happy and unhappy
marriages; Just what you want to know. 607
Kearny st, parlors 1, 2. 3. >-.-: .•-.*'.•.;
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
S6; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by trail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A — LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT. I
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk st; readings by mail. >
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second Fight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; lad'e* i.0 •,
: crentp $1: palm, and clair. sit. Jl 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market,' op-
posite Sixth: private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to up. m. - Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS jf. WILLE. 326A Ellis: clairvoyant
crystal ecer; reads your life correctly without
ques. ; full names, £0c-$l ; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
BROOKS. 1206 Market— Suite 34 and 35; won.
i derful clairvoyant and trance medium; read-
' ings, Jl & $2; readings by mail; satisfac. guar.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
diuin, price ?L 519'zfe Leavenworth st., S. I-V
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reader; ladies,
25c; gents. 50c; no sign. 242 Minna, upstairs.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;'
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st. near 4th.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL, wonderful astrologlst;
tribe Alohobar. 100S4 Mkt. 2d floor, hrs.-10-9.
MRS. GROWN, clairvoyant card reader; la-
dies £5c; gents uOc; readings daily. 132 Sixth,
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken: tel. Jessie 1563.
MM E. RAVENNA, reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth Ft -"
CHIROPODISTS. ~
Ingrowing toenails, bunions and (corns cured
painlets) no knife. Dr. Brown, graduate chi-
, ropodistlndorsed by rocd.prorn. .104 Stockton.
COLLECTION OFFICES. '
'COLUMBIAN Law. and Collection Agency; 6th
• floor; S16 Market et; ad vie if re e. :TeU Bush
1S1; at \e body of attorneys.
T^E SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1901.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
■WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
. send to SP-VULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-35" Tehama st: tel.- South 40.
MODERN CO."; steam cleaning, "c: laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 02."? Mission.
AMERICAN~~Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.
Sc; renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
I ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCQM & CO.. Prop.
RUIK»LPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable.. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
SS.") Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.-
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS Mgr.. 3S-40 Sth st: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
DENTISTS. "
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 1 927 Market St.. Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50: other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns. $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless^ extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extraction? or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience: no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 80 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 800 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. extractions done paln-
. lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; geld
crowns. $3 SO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. P.P.. S., Manager.
A NEW- plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c:
plates $3. full set; all work painless and
I warranted. Chlcajto Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st— "Work dona-
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental rv.rlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
| Full set of teeth. ?4: crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : painless extraction,
EOc. N. Y. Dentist:. ?63 Mission, SE. cor/ 6th.
YOU can «ave 40 per cent on dental work by
going to PR BROWN. 54 Sixth st '
SET of teeth without plate. DR. 5! gT
YOUNG. 1S41 Pol.; st ■
DR.R.L. WALSH. S15*i Geary, nr. Larkln— Paln-
less extraction. 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1133.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
COG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog^soaTTby druggists
or at the Hospital. G10 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordlan and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moftatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
' HEALD^SCHOOL^OF^hEC^RlCAl^E^Gi-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. : 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $00 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses ; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advioeiSvorth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; .catalogue.
YOUNG German residing in the city is desir-
ous of getting some one to teach him Eng-
lish. Address stating terms, etc., box 2713,
Call office.
CALIFORNIA Business Colloge; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue fre^ 305 Larkln st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typl
I Ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
; rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.'
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.,' mlnlng.mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1804. Van-
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners.college graduates & bookkeep-
. ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
•ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market Et. .
i A— Miss Bolte's School, 2734 Pine st; board;
I Eng., French, German, music;' $30 mo. ;coach.
TENOR lyric, high with powerful voice, de-
' sires engagements. Address bcx 2681, 'Call.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher, 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary st. ;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin. Mathematics, Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell 6t.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION — night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission. .nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.^J
A — JAPANESE reliable house cleaning: also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
George Kinochita. 1233 Page st; tel. Fell 8501,
, br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421' Post St.; tei. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 616.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter-.tel.Black 5072.
EJMPLO YMEST WAX TED— -FEMALE.
COMPETENT American cook awaits position;
French chambermaid, good seamstress or
care of child; boarding-house cook. MRS.
LAMBERT. 418 Powell; tel. Main 5335.
I COMPETENT cook desires position; also a
! thorough housework girl; a good cook. MISS
j HORGAN/ 323 Sutter St. • - . .
I EXPERIENCED cook wants place; hospital or
institution. MISS HORGAN, 323 Sutter st.
RELIABLE -woman from New York as work-
Ing housekeeper for small family, where I
could have my little boy who goes to school;
small wages; references exchanged. Please
call at 322 Minna st.
GOOD, willinc wonseh; a great housecleaner,
and can do most any kind of work; good ref-
erences; wages $1 per day and car fare; good
washer of flannels. 7G0A Howard st., room 4.
WANTED — By a youne girl to do light gen-
eral housework in a small family; wages $20
to $25. Box 2741, Call office.
2 EASTERN women wish positions as cook and
second girl in private family. Call 519 Bran-
nan st. .
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work by the
day or house cleaning. B. F., 21% Harrison
' ave., off Folsom st.
A JEWISH lady, first-class cook, wishes to
work by the day; references. Box 2738. Call.
GOOD reliable woman wants to work part of
day; Is good cook. 55S Stevenson st.
YOUNG ladydesjres position as housekeeper.
. 1015 Market st, room 68.
COLORED woman, first-class cook, wants sit-
uation; good references; city. Call 253 Jessie.
WOMAN wishes position to do cooking and
downstairs work. 204 Van Ness ave. ..;-';-■■
CAPABLE American lady wishes position as
housekeeper; small private family. Address
box 2708. Call office.
ELDERLY, ; reliable woman wishes position • to
do light housework. 1 Clarence court, off Bu-
, . chanan st, near Geary. . • .
A GOOD woman with best of references wishes
situation; understands* German' cooking. 47
- Shipley at. off Fourth. . . ■ . -
RELIABLE woman wishes position as working
housekeeper; good worker. . Box 2C60, Call. —
A COMPETENT experienced stenographer de-
" sires position; references. A., box 2701, Call.'
STRONG young woman would like work by
the day? best of references.". Address MRS.
R. OLIVER. 2361 Lombard at. . . . ■ /
YOUNG woman wishes position as working
housekeeper; city or country. Box 2672,; Call.;
YOUNG girl wishes situation as stenographer.
Address box 2654. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Map-
' ket — 200 rooms: 25-; to $1 60 per.nlght;-$l 50
' . to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
! bus and ; baggage to ; and ' from . ferry. . ~
E3IPLOY3IENT •WANTED— MALE.
COMPETENT vlneyardlst and orchardist, with
long practical California experience in prun-
ing, winemaking and ail branches pertaining
I to the industry, wishes position as foreman or
general manager; good references. For In-
formation apply to room 23, third floor,
Crocker butldlng. ' . ■ :
RESPECTABLE, boy 18 years old, living, with
his parents, would like- to learn the plumb-
Ing trade. W. D.. 21% Harrison - ave., off
Folsom st. . .• - . . ■
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position of any.
kind of light work; willing to learn grocery
business: city or country; has good refer-.
ences. ;Box 2737. Call office. .
FIRST-CLASS coachman and valet; single:
neat appearance; sober; uses no tobacco; will-
ing and obliging-; expert horseman and driver;
very best references. Address box 2633, Call.
MAN of good habits wishes a position as
watchman, janitor gardener or housekeeper;
city or country; best references In the State.
j Address box 2746. Call office. "
A YOUNG married man, ten years' experience
railroad office work, rapid, accurate, desires
-position;, wholesale house preferred; good
recommendations. Box ' 2368, Call, Oakland.
YOUNG German desires to work; saloon or
restaurant preferred. Address 38 Ellis st,
. cigar store. -.. -
POSITION wanted by young man in grocery
store; 4 years', experience as clerk and 2 aa
manager. Box 2721." Call office.
MAN and x wlfe, experienced and reliable, want
charge of place or work on ranch. . Call or
address E., 125 Sixth St.. room 8.'
YOUNG man wishes a position in . an office;
understands shorthand -and typewriting.
Box 2744. Call office. ,
YOUNG, good, experienced boy wants position
to do housework and wait at table. Call 12 V4
William st. . ..
GARDENER, German, wishes position: under-
stands care of horses, poultry and milk cows,
etc.; references. Box 2747, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wants a job repairing
large hotel, offices or stores. Box 2743, Call.
A SCOTCH couple; wife, first-class cook and
baker tn all branches, thrifty and economical;
man, all-round work; country preferred. Box
2C01, Call office.
PROFESSIONAL nurse; understands massage
and electric treatment: speaks English,
French and German fluently; best of refer-
ences. Box 2707, Call., - -
MIDDLE-AGED single man. about private
place; can milk cow; good gardener; clean
windows; low weges; best references. Box
2703. Call office. ,
SITUATION wanted by colored man: private
family work; handy with horses or Janitor
.• work or second cook; good references. 253
- Jessie st.
ENGINEER experienced in burning oil wants
.. position in or near city; references. Box 2602,
Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as salesman or
shipping clerk; best of references. Box 2664,
Call office.
BARBER — Young man with 1 year's experi-
ence would like chance to finish trade. F.
MORLEY. 81 Natoma st
YOUNG man of 25, Danish, reliable and sober,
wishes work -of any kind; not . acquainted in
city. Box 2700, Call office.
BUTLER and valet; thoroughly experienced;
California and Eastern references; English.
A. C. box 2683, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. ■ ■ - ■
'^^1WXJUSCl*L.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-0 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted andi financed, stock
taken in payment for services ; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted: gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 320 Post St.
FLATS TO LET.
NEW upper 6-room flat, finished attic; fine lo-
cation, • view and grounds; north-west corner
Waller and Portola, bet. Pierce and S' ner.
O'FARRELL, 1935— Modern flat] «~ sunny
rooms, bath, yard and basement; reasonable.
$42 50— SUNNY flat. 6 roows, bath. 920 Ellis
st. , near Van . Ness ave.
SUNNY corner 7 rooms, bath; very desirable;
perfect order; $32 month. 1S00 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED immediately, a furnished flat; West-
ern Addition; 3 adults; telephone West 671.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE in nice sunny C-room flat; 200
Hyde st., cor. Turk, for sale cheap; rent $35.
Inquire on premises. ■ ,,~-
FURNITURE of an elegant home for sale,
with the privileges of renting. Box 2716.
Call office. ■
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 60, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
PARLOR and bedroom set; nearly new; cheap.
. Inquire 700 Polk st. • .
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods!
1710 Market st; tel. South 413. •
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st. ; telephone Larkln
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
| GLOVES.
CHRISTMAS present— Danicheff glove order;
factory price guar.: kept in repair. 121 Grant.
•^ HELP WANTED— -FEMALE.
A-MRS. M. E. DAY'&rcO ..Phone Main 1575
.* HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, country, $20 and $25; "6 wait-
resses, city, $20; 2 chambermaids to wait,
$20; chambermaid, country, $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook. 4 In family, $30; housegirl, $30, no
wash; housegirl. small American family, Ala-
meda, $25; housegirl. 2 In family. Auburn,
$20. fare paid. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
335 Geary st. *
A — NURSE to care for invalid gentleman, night
work, $8 to $10 week. MRS. M. E. DAY &
CO.. 335 Geary st. ■
A — FRENCH lady"s maid. $25. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO.. 335 Geary et.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 185
• - HOTEL DEPARTMENT ....
• 2 waitresses, nice hotel, country, fare paid,
$20; 10 waitresses, city. -and other country
places. $20 :
Cook, boarding house .....$35
2 waitresses, city, no uniform $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT . .'
• Cooks, second girls, nurseglrls, houseglrls,
best of wages. C. R. HAN6EN & CO.. 104
Geary st. ■ :
A — MOTHER and daughter as cook and second,
• $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, small restaurant, $30 with
room; cook, private boarding house, $30; 3
second girls. $20, $25; < restaurant waitresses.
$5, $6, $8 week; housework, Oakland, $25;
. Alameda, $25; San Mateo, $25; housework, 2
In family, sleep home, ?25; chamberwork and
/waiting, country $20; 2 men and wives for
country, $40, $50; 2 Swedish second' girls,
American families, $25; all kinds of house-
work in nice American and German families,
with and without washing, $20. $25.-. $30:
call early. J. F. CROSETT &. CO., 334
Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts: also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts. ; , - . ■ - - ■
WANTED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between 8 and 11 a., m., HALE BROS.
WANTED— Girl for wrapping counter. ■ Apply
MARKS BROS., 1212-14 ■ Market st.
GIRL to pull ends in glove factory. CARSON
GLOVE CO... 35 Market st.
YOUNG girl light housework: small wages;
nice, home. Call 705 Hyde, cor. Post, flat 3.
NEAT girl for housework; no cooking ; wages
$12; references.' 2840 Folsom st. *
GIRL to assist at general housework; car fare
paid. 1318 California st. ~ .;
COMPETENT girl for general housework and
cooking; wages $20 to $25. 1231 Guerrero st.
GIRL to assist light housework I family 2; up-
Btalrs; $10. "Upstairs," 24C4 Mission st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. . 1705
Baker, st. ; . ■ -
SCANDINAVIAN girl, , general housework;
.wages; $20. . . 1023 McAllister, st , : ...•..,. -,
CHAMBERMAID wanted at Mechanics' Hotel,
444 . Brannan Bt.' ,. .. ■■■ , . •--..
WANTED— Apprentices . and finishers on • cus-
tom coats. 40 Ellla st.,; room 52. ;,
WANTED— A girl for light housework; no
■ cooking." 1030 Sutter. st. .,
EXPERIENCED r baster ' and girl finisher on
coats wanted at, 031% Stevenson st. --.-,
J WANTED— Dressmaker apprentice; paid' while
1. -'-. Uarnlns:/; , Call' 36 Geary, «U room 42.'-
HELP TV AXTEIV— FEMALE-— Con. -
WANTED— WORKING GIRLS and WOMEN to
learn hair : dressing, ■ manicuring, : electrical
face massage, shampooing, dyeing and bleach-
v ing, etc.; full course, 3 weeks; tuition $5; posi-
tions positively guaranteed; 4 good positions
• In fine stores now open -to those entering Im-
mediately. S. F. HAIRDRESSING COL-
LEGE, first and only . school of the kind on
Pacific Coast; all others are imitators. S. F."
Halrdresslng College, 233 Geary, rooms 13-15.
LADIES to sell tickets for a charity benefit;
good salary. Call at room 1, Hoover Hall.
1327. Market St.. 0:30 a. m.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity. to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED — First-class experienced waitress for
restaurant. 142S Market at.
WANTED— Young lady for doctor's office
work. 7 Grant ave.. room 2. .
WAITRESS: $3 per week. 76 Third st.
AN unusual chance for first-class milliner.
Call at 363 Geary st.,' parlor floor.
OPERATORS at Levl Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, ' 32H Fremont st. ; no experience
necessary; good pay, steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Badly freckled young or middle-
aged woman of otherwise respectable ap-
pearance to act as demonstrator at these
parlors . after free treatment: good wages;
pleasant position. . Room 52. Columbian bldg.
. (opposite Emporium). . -
YOUNG ladles wanted as operators on Incan-
descent lamps; experience unnecessary. .609
Howard st. .
WANTED — Competent person to assist in care
of infant 5 months old; Alameda; references.
Box 2704. Call office. ■■
GIRLS, bo Independent; entire course m balr-
dressing;.3 weeks, S3; materials furnished.
633 Ellis st., ground floor.
AMATEUR Ringers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at tt o'clock this evening.
MARRIED woman or widow for a position re-
qulrlng stability. Box 2711. Call.
10 LADIES for concert hall in country. Call
006 Market st.. room 17. |j_
WANTED— Protestant girl for | general house-'
work; wages $20. 2712 Folsom st. .."..-■' ■^*
GIRL for general housework. . 45 Bartlett St.,
■ near Twenty-second.
GIRL wanted for downstairs work; must be
good cook; wages $25. 1150 O'Farrell st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements an- subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at 1094
Valencia st. " ,
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. 7. ..Phone Main B84S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Carriage trimmer, country shop $3 day
Furnace man for a mine $65
Choreman and driver ,for eattle ranch, $35
and found, see boss here; sash and weight
molders; choreman, private place, $20; 10
farmers and plow teamsters, $26 and $30
Butcher and drive. wagon ....$30
Oysterman, $40; night cashier and waiter; 5
cooks, country hotels; 3 waiters; steward,
country hotel
MURRAY & READY. 034-636 Clay st
FIRST-CLASS gardener; farmer and gardener
and wife for Southern California, $50; ex-
perienced man for liquor store, $65 to $75;
carriage blacksmith, $3 to $3 50 day; 2 men
for grubbing; 10 tlemakers, 10c to 14c; wood-
choppers, $1 25 cord, and many others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
BOARDING-HOUSE cook, $60; cook and wife,
country restaurant, $60; restaurant second
cook, $45; hotel porter, $20 and found; walt-
ters, dishwashers and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st •
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. 610 Clay st
Harness-maker for ranch, $35 and found;
driver for swill wagon, $35 and found; 2 boil-
ermakers, country; young German to learn
. butcher shop, $15 and found.
PHYSICIAN wants a bright, reliable young
man about 18 to help around office; must
have a good education, willing to work, write
a good hand and be able to learn to use the
typewriter. Address, stating full particulars.
Doctor, box 2720, Call office. .
ARTISTS wanted — I have positions open on
. regular salary for artists who can put details
In accurately. MARIE LOUISE RIMES, 700
to 705 Emma Spreckels building:.
WANTED^ — Two active men to handle entirely
new proposition: no canvassing; $50 per week
guaranteed. Apply room 106, Leepalmer Ho-
tel, from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
WANTED — Carriage woodworker and all-round
man. 265 Stevenson St., or Bay View Car-
rlage Factory. San Rafael.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. rn,. HALE BROS.
WANTED— Cash* boys. Apply between 8 and
11 a. m.. HALE BROS. -
BUSHELMAN wanted. KAVANAGH BROS..
6 New Montgomery st; under Palace Hotel.
BUSHELMAN wanted." PAUSON & CO., 200
Kearny st.
WANTED — Stock clerk; young man about 20.
Call 643 Market St.. third floor.
BOY wanted. Apply at 313 Grant ave.
WANTED— 3 wreath makers and 2 garland
makers. Apply at 313 Grant ave.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 134 Third st.
BOOTBLACK wanted; steady Job. 2S09 Call-
fornia st..
WANTED— A good tailor for bushellng at 625
Commercial at. ■ - . .
WANTED — Experienced drummer for city.
Brownstone Wine Co., 331 Ellis st
$100 BUYS half interest in paying horseshoeing
shop. Box 2717, Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S63 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d'sts.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and* 1 not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.'
AN errand boy (14 or 15 years of age) by a
large , manufacturing concern; must be neat,
obedient and intelligent; reside with parents
and furnish satisfactory references as to hon-
esty and respectability. Address Errands,
box 2655, Call office. City.
WANTED— Reliable young man with some
cash; light indoor work; $15 week;,, steady
place; no experience; only those .meaning
business need apply. * BROWN, 1221 Market.
WANTED— An East Indian who thoroughly
understands the making and serving of cur-
ries: will pay good wages to experienced
man. Box 2653. Call.
BARBER shop in country; running 3 chairs
and 2 baths: established 20 years; a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis St. - . .
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
. required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER " COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and - mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS — 2-chair 6hop for sale; rent cheap;
- living rooms if desired. 1220 Market st.
Oakland. - . ■
DRUG clerk wanted. 74 Jackson st.
BOY to carry morning newspaper In Western
Addition. BotT 2713, .Call....
BARBERS— Wanted, shop with living-rooms,
in country. -Write particulars box 2718, Call.
WANTED — Gardener for nursery; steady work.
•Inquire 3041 Baker st.,,, Paclflc, Nursery.
WANTED-pFirst-claf s - machinists and Iron
molders. 505 Mission st. j
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
E00 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
• 50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st..' nr. 6th.'
GET your shoes ■ half-soled while waiting; 25a
; to 50c. . 563 Mission et.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
SAILORS; ordinary, for ships for all parts of
' ; the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St. •
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241; Third st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
' mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls. 3. 40, Pheian
. big. Past com. Geo. . H. Thomaa Post G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near, Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c ■ night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. -
A, BRANCH office- for Call advertisements anil
. - subscriptions . has . been .- established at 10U6
" Valencia :st. ■■ " • , ' , •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
■■;,-,.-.; HOUSES WANTED. , :• • :,-;,;■;-■
FURNISHED house wanted; must be .In good
; location ;r modern In every,, respect; best care
given for 2 people: only;' house with; stable
preferred. H. : A. RODGERS, 27 Geary at.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list house* to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
WEBSTER. 2814, near Gr^n — Furnished or
unfurnished, nine (all sunny) room house; 2
baths; large laundry; large sunny sheltered
yard. ■ '
A— NEW. sunny, northwest corner, 45 rooms,
4 baths: marine view: 1005 Powell st Ap-
ply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st
CASTRO. 809— Modern house of 9 sunny room*;
! • fine view; garden; large basement; washtnba.
ON Presidio Heights— House of 8 rooms and
bath, $40. Inquire at 3321 Clay st
HORSES AND WAGONS.
DO not- fall to attend the special auction sala
Wednesday. Dec. 18. at 11 a. m.. at tte Ar-
cade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer. - • - '
I ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage, cah-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st
HORSE, $12 60; horse, $25: coal wagon. $40;
Icecream wagon. $20. 79 City Hall are.
3 TOP wagons for sale. 1504 Folaom st
FULL line German Government horses always
"n hand. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market
TWO horses, about 2000. harness and 4-ton
wagon complete; a bargain. 1220A Alabama.
SOME fine gentle carriage and driving horses
for sale at 721 Howard st j
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, buslneas
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 O. Q. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap.' EOAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 533 Mission.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Certificate of deposit issued by First
National Bank for $680. dated August 22.
1001, No. 75.SS0. All persons are warned
against negotiating this certificate as pay-
ment has been stopped. GEORGE SIMMERS.
LOST— Dec 11. lady's gold Waltham watcli.
double-faced, monogram J. P., on Kearny
or Sacramento st. cars. Liberal reward if
returned to 113 Gough st.
LOST — 1 diamond stickpin and 5 diamond rings
contained in small paper bag. on Ellls-st.
car; $200 reward. Notify business office. Call.
LOST — On Gough St., near Fell, a small dia-
mond pin. valued as a keepsaka, Finder will
be rewarded by returning same to 302 Fell
street
LOST— Scotch collie dog. Return to 2S76 Folsom
St.. and receive reward.
FOUND — Black and tan Gordon bitch. Can
have same at Montgomery Market, 735 Mar-
ket st.. S. F., by paying for ad.
$20 REWARD— Palace of Art. IS Post round
magnifying glass; broken rim; no- questions.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MACHINE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works, *Hh* Sacramento st,
builds models and experimental machinery;
" mine hoists 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty; repairing.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 708 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
V MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands ; the unfortunate helped ; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. SR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market st, opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET Is a graduate of the Royal
University of Berlin In midwifery cases; takes
ladles before and during confinement with the
best of care; Infants adopted; *7ill take two
-to work at my private residence, on 606
Guerrero st, near Eighteenth; phone Blue 4U.
MRS. ! M. WEGENERt ladies' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home In confinement 210 Eddy st, near
Taylor, formerly of 1313 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist;
30 years' experience in midwifery cases; pii-
■ vate home before and during confinement. 410
O'Farrell: et. near Taylor; hours 9 to t.
HKNDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
In confinement 1126 Market St., S. F.
THE original MRS. DAVIES Is still located at
1228 Marltst; maternity home provided; office
- hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees. .
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; well-
known and reliable; home for patients before
and during confinement. 906 Market, opp. 4th.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
. Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS— -FOR^SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPilAN, 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOON AN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission st., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
AUCTION sale, Dec. 18. 10 a. m.— About 200
Government wagons, pumps, boilers, en-
gines, elevators, machine shop tools, etc.;
write for list. J. C. BAKER, 410 Third st,
Oakland.
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
' and Retail; Special for Xmas; Children's
Toy Furniture Seta.
UYEDA CO.. 422 and 424 Geary it
THE Spreckels Doll House raffled by the Doc-
tor's Daughters' Society, has been removed
from Sloane's and is for sale by MRS. NEL-
LIE LE FONTAINE, at 1732 Hyde st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
A FINE Great Dane, well trained, good watch
dog or for boy and cart. $25. 110 Twenty-
ninth st
A-$3 B0 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE suits.. S10; dress pants, $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — 20 cords good dry firewood at $3 a
cord. Apply immediately at 23 Main st.
FOR sale — A Call newspaper route of 500
names. Inquire telephone Kate 2047.
FOR SALE — A fine watchdog; genuine Dane. 0
Delgai-do place, off Hyde St., near Green.
FOR sale— Boiler in good condition at 521
Kearny st. * ■■-.--.•»
ALL are notified that UNCLE HARRIS has
retired from business.
NEW and 2nd band boilers, engines, pumps,
pipe and supplies. H. S. White, 516 Mission.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER A HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 336 Mission st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
TURQUOISE djamond ring worth $50. only $21.
Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 218 California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFS CO.. 417-423 Sacramento rt.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.." 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewlnjc machine: S drawers: oak;
' complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious (tones
bought T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny st, rm. 29.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st '
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving nic-
turea. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post «t
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothine and '
, theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Folsom 25^ j
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing boueht
; , &sold. Sllverman, 984 Folsom ;tel.Folaom liai.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux '
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.'
_ _ _ _ J?P^? EY TO LO AX. ~~~~~ ~~ -
H^RMAN~MURPHY, «3"^xIm1ner^bulidlinT '<
.$4,500,000 at lowest rates..?.... j
.........on first and second mortgages**"***** !
............Life interests in estates * 1
i .........Property being held in trust '
Undivided Interests in real estata '
..Life Insurance policies.' estates In probWt*'" ;
■ ::^^?!?:.^S S Need al M^ '
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner' bl'dg! \
ANY AMOUNT AT ( PER CENT. •• • - ■• j
t First, second and third mortgages '
Undivided Interest In real estate In'probati"* ;
Mortgages and legacies bought: : no delay '
•'.??.™'.!™. R? r McCOLGAN ' • 1 " # ™»'
■,V.'.V.V.'....24 Montgomery gt. room's'*."."*.*".""* i
film ii mi in. minn'iiUHmiM'i'i nil
- JWOVEV TO LO A X— Cort t Inq-i. v^
AA-M^NHATTAN LOAjTcoTTlnc^
$3CO,000 at 5% t 6 per cent in sums to' suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties: loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests fn real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crccker bldg.
ANY amount lowest rates on mortgages es-
tates, legacies, undivided Interests, chattel
mtgs. etc; enterprises of merit also sought.
D. J. HALLORAN. 808 Kearny at. room 314.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1S83;
proper place to borrow money on diamond*,
jewelry, pianos and Fealsklns. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant ave.. nr. Mrkt: tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
st; tel. Main 1844. Branch 19 Third st. ' . V i
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal; any
amount; lowest rates; no delay; open even-
lngs 7 to 3. Becker Sc. Co.. 027 Market. rm. 613.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary at; phone Red 1GCX
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods In warehouse. etc. :any amount low-
est rates; private. Orrr.sby. 2S Montgomery st
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser or on mortgase at t per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building. •
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private M
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-' .
". tlal. Room 8, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones. , ;'r,
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room M.
LOWEST rates on furniture.planos:no removal;
no commis. R.2. 111S Mrkt; tel. Folsom 469.
8% on furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval; open evenings. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commis. ; confidential. Whltehead. 1710 Market
ON salaries. N. Y. plan; Indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLE Y CO., 321 Parrott bldg.
ON country real estate, furniture, pianos; low-
est rate; no removal. 937 Market St.. rm. 20*.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. IK McAllister st
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
11000; any security. 802 Montgomery st. r. L
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st
ON SALARIES without lndorser: other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelaa big.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Wwtorn Loan Co.. 809 Phttlan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE have Just received the latest designs In art
Pianos a great assortment In Sohmer. Byron
Mauzy" and Lester Pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
308 Post st .
A GRAND concert every afternoon. 2 to 4. by
Cecilian Piano Player at BYRON MAUZY'S.
! 808-310-312 Post St. .
CHRISTMAS Specials In small musical instru- L>-
ments. Guitars. Violins. Mandolins. Banjos; T
bargains In all makes. BYRON MAUZY.
308 Post st ; _
SELECT your Christmas Pianos now; we de-
liver for Christmas present at your order.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post St.
A LOT of slightly used pianos. $30 up. Re-
member we are open evenings until Christ-
mas. BYRON MAUZY. 3C8-310-312 Post st.
IF you want to pay only $75 or $10O or $125
fax 1 a piano call on us at once, as we have
them at that price. If you prefer a good
new piano at a low price, we have them from
$190 up. We carry the WIssner, Decker A
Son, Baumeister, Steger and Singer, and all
are worth more than the prlco sold for. Re-
member that we are making special low
prices on all pianos sold during the holidays.
The Simplex piano player ia the very best
thing for a present Call on us and hear
them play. THE MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
769 Market st
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $S per month; some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $3 per mouth. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, corner
Kearny and Eutter sts.. San Francisco; cor-
■ ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts. . Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co., sole agents most famous and oldest
American makes: easy payments; big allow-
ance for second-hand pianos: rents $2 up al-
lowed: bargains. $23 up: Steinways. $185:
Chlckerlngs. $135: 50 others; Grands for
rent: agents wanted; open evenings. 21T |
. Geary st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
- Second-hand upright pianos from $."5 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from S35 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrel!. Chickering. Mason
& Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano. $«J; slz-octav*
Mason & Hamlin organ. $35: Stelnway
square. $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months. $275: Bech-
stein baby grand, almost new. BOVVERS A
SON. 23 Fifth St.; IVERS & POND, Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any t^rea
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price: costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 CFarrell
st.; established 185a
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new high-
grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage: dirt cheap {In-
stallments); open evenings until 9:30. WIL-
SON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 MARKET.
PIANOS THE BEST.
PRICES THE LOWEST.
PIANO free; party will give use of piano to
party who will try to sell It. R. 36. 217 Geary.
UNEEDA a piano for the holidays; rent one:
total cost $5. 560 Hayes st
Magnificent high-grade uprisht piano: t pedals;
sacrifice: party going East. 773 O'Farrell St.
$650 UPRIGHT left on sale; price $135. R. 33.
- 217 Geary st.
i ' f!
$125— SCHLEIP uprisht excellent condition. -
$75: Erard upright Hornung. 21« McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER. maker, repairer. 1 Latham place.
GOOD second-hand upright (or sala cheap.
SCHMITZ, 11 McAllister st
AT KEEFFE'S. 21 Turk st. nea» Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO let or lease at low rent — Store and cement-
ed basement 25x80 feet. In brick , house on
Sacramento street, near Montgomery, b/
JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine st
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand, tn good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE, SIC Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME F^SELLI. sctentinc palmist" 815
■ Taylor st. bet Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
NEERGAARD, president St Germain College,
reads from 1 to 4. 700 Poat; phone Hyde 2933.
PAIJtTERa AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up: whitening done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 313 Third; teL Red SS2L.
PATENTS AXD PENSIONS.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. E*amro«rbldr- ,.
PERSO5ALS. 1
ARTISTIC halrdresslng-. 15c, manicuring 25c, '
gents' manicuring 50c, by experts; best hair
work at reasonable prices; baths, most ele-
gant in city. 25c; our specialties, scalp treat-
ment and face massage; Pattl Beauty Cream
EOc; headquarters fcr genuine Farina Cologne;
dainty Russian tea served free to ail visitors
at the BON-TON. 324 Post st
EGG and butter sale to-day; best ranch egrg3.
32>ic: Humboldt creamery butter, 37 Y a o
square. Order early by mall or call at store-
room. M. E. MANNING, 28 Eighth st.
pbone South 250. Order* delivered day after
. sale. If. you call for salad dressing, bring
bottle. Store-room open wl« days only;
closes 6 p. m.
THE Star Hair Remedy Is guaranteed to re-
store* gray and faded hair to natural color;
i Btop falling, cure dandruff, grow new hair;
not a dye; no stain, grease or oil. At drug-
gists', hairdressers' or our office, 385 Geary.
S. F. The Star Remedy Co.. phone Black 489a
; AN elegant. line of remnants for suits to order.
[ $15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. SI weekly. L LEMOS. .1117 Market
et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
! BEADS— Ladles desiring beads and Jewels of
; all descriptions for making different kinds of
; fancy work, now in vogue, will do well to call
' and examine the immense assortment at ET-
; TINGER'S. 723 Market st.
1 LACE curtains laundered with neatness and
dispatch; first-class work; prices* reasonable;
work called fcr and delivered. Send card cr ¥
drop your order at 443 Third st H[
' ONE BOTTLE of Plnua will cure any case of
I rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; prica I
1 $3 50 per bottle. For circulars, Ptnus Me>i.
' Co.. 731 Valencia st. S. P.; tel. Church 157\
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
. electric needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter at.JJAO canvts wove to order and for saieTiolBO
cneniile-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet rwinc, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth. : Oakland.
KLECTRIC lisht in eiery room— VVinch-ster
Hotel, «4 Tihrd t-t.. near Market: 700 rooms-
;" c t . f L n *'" - fter ni « h t: tl 50 to $6 per weekr
free bus and baesase to and from the ferry.
u 'HY-<JueEE? You can be certain of style and
flt . h >l UEin " St a«<lard Patterns; Nov. patterns
»nd Tr# Designer now ready. J. W. EVANfe
Domestic office, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth!
'^^1Y E v-^r* f 2 r dr « nk ecness. opium and
morphine habits. Mooser Co. Gold Cure: many
testimonials; direction to give secretly price
Sa. Address 1125 Geary st.. San Francisco.
"rS^jJ? 1 ** 8^* com P!exion beautifying; Utest
irfa-J^ removed by Mme. Zephey
Kia-ora. parlors 330 Sutter; phone Black 132Z,
K 4£> E r!£ ( V UI1 i que Pr^ents for the holidays at
itAPHAEL: novelties of every description.
V\KITE enasiPl iron beds, single, three-ouarter
Sl^S-SiSS: EASTERN OUTFIT&NO
CO. 131G-1312 Stockton ft., near Sroaflway.
' ii? best hairdreEsing .a the city; 25c for
LFnrR™ 5 '-2, ct 06 ',^ pcllt ' i attention. O.
LhDFRER, -23 Stockton et.
A Z? r^j: **** l;. fallln K or >'cu are bald call on
Dr.G. S.Moore. 232 O'Farrell: send for circular.
Mrs Brisrirs— Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. 96S Sutter; tel. LarMn 317L
Ai^SQTJERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
p» jntry orders. GOLDSTEIN &. CO., 733 Mrkt.
-Masquerade costumes at EL Anderson's theatrl-
cal costumer. 26 Q-Farrell; country orders.
"JJ; LAMOTTrS PHEXCH CORN PAINT.
the t>egt corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
A L^ D H MS ?^T tian Henna; restores gray
h&lr to Its natural color; ft; at all druggists:
■ : "!'*f T E^. 7»?ted to order suits tor $1 per week.
NEUHAPS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
"bfu^t 1 . 3 - ffg-jgg^g 8 T 7 d M P a^eTk gtOneS
PLAJfKVG AXP TCRXIXG MILLS.
' %^>^^^^^^n^
PHYSICIAAS^yD SUEGEOXS.
D^^ C^ V^"^™ £ - 5 «ee-«>« residence.
1021X4 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
D^»^T 0? ;, 0^, HIM ' herb doctor - successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellie.
A '^?^h» T !2? XG ' SVO ' herb ' doctor: sanitarium,
Pay et.; Bee teetlmonlals at office.
g^AJ^EST^ra : --CITY---FOR SALE.
A. M. SPTCK & CO.. 667 Market, opp. Kearny.
2 * 1 * 16 ******* and Rent Collectors.
$70,000— Reduced from JSO.OOO; corner, 75x75 feet.
within one-third block of Market st
and close to Hlbernia Bank; stores and
lodging-house; best investment off
Market et. : must be sold
VK 00O— Corner <£xS2:6; first corner facing Mar-
»-"■ ket st. north; sold for ?42,500 twenty
years ago; want offer.
v^O.OOO— Gore corner; brick building; 8 stores
and 106 rooms; bank mortgage $50,000;
JSOO* S* 00 -' c&a easily be Increased to
JC3.000— Half block ' from Orpheum; one block
from proposed Crocker Hotel and new
Flood building; stores and lodging-
house.
JiO.OCO— Geary-st. corner; lot 87:6x137:6 ft.; very
substantial Improvements; rents $255- '
pays 7 t>er cent net. , '
f 32.000 — Turk Et., one block from Market at.-
store and 16 rooms above; this Is a '
eplendid buy.
J30.C00— Eddy st., near Jones; 48 ft. frontage;
frame improvements; this Is a quick
£27,500— Business corner: best location In "West-
ern Addition; store and fiats; rents
1200.
ft3,000— McAllister 6t. bargain; 82:6x120; only
party Improved; rents $1*4.
$16,E0O— Panhandle corner; two new buildings-
rents $142: lot,S7xU5. "
J15, 000— Lieaven worth st. Investment; 67 feet
front; rents S105; always rented-
112,750 — New Van Ness ave. flats; rents $125; a
safe buy.
fll,50o— Ellis-st. corner; stores and flats; 3
frontages; lot 27:6x87:6 feet; rents $95.
$?, ECO— Fleets $103; lot 50x80; downtown Invest-
ment.
$4.950— Two modern flats; only one- naif block
from Market st.; rents $40; cost nearly
$7500.
$3,600— FlaXs vicinity Third and Howard sts ;
rents $16 50; mortgage $1700 can remain.
. A- M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. .
Cboloe lots at low prices causa quick 'sales.'
$100 to $450— Graded Ocean boulevard lots;
fine view; only few s left; $10 monthly.
$500 to $900— Bargains In Sunset; streets
graded and sewered; easy terms.
Sunset branch office, 8th ave.. near H st.
$400 to $800— Choicest lots In Richmond.
$100 to JT50— Level lots near Mlsslcn-st. elec-
tric cars; $10 down; $3 monthly.
|350 to $2000— 4-room cottages; all bargains;
splendid locations; easy terms.
BOL. GETZ & BRO..
• 'Room 64. Chronicle bids'.
BARGAIN. : EXCELS ANYTHING.
MUST BE SOLD.
Choice block. 240x600. couth of Park, bet. L
and M at*.. 42d and <3d ares.: call quick. -
BOL GETZ & BRO..
Room 54, Chronicle bldg.
22^x80 ON tbe north Bide ot Howard St.,
downtown, ! with 2-story frame building;
rents ?12 to $15 a month; price only $3700.
THOS. MAGEE & SOXS. 5 Montgomery st.
K£W modern house 7 rooms, large basement
*nA yard; cron all flay. Cor. "Waller and. Par-
tola eta., bet. Pierce and Etelner.
$5600— HANDSOME flats; Eacriflce; Liberty
Et.; choice location. Owner, box 2655, Call.
REAL ESTATE— COU2VTR.V— Kor Sale
* FOR SALE "NEAIt SAN FRANCISCO^-.
Small tracts, $60 to $30 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California et.. for pam-
phlete and Information. -
I«AI>T desirous of having; medical attention
would sell little ranch cheap for cash. A4-
Crcss MRS. H. PLUMB. Napa, Cal.
POULTRY and dairy Ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WIN FIELD. Petaluma, CaL
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$1000— GOOD grocery business; will exchange
for Watsonrllle property. Address A, Call"
offloe. San Jose.
ALAMEDA ADYERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL, ESTATE.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: H cash. Bank of Ala
BERKELEY ADYERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY" REAL ESTATE.
12 HOMES, ranging in prices from' $2000 to
$3000 on terms of from $50 to $100 down, all
in the course of construction; all modern and
have from 6 rooms and bath up to 9 rooms and
bath; situated on the local Berkeley road.
riving the same service and time as the Oak-
land local from Seventh and Broadway to
JL _n Francisco. Further Information apply
0 A. J. SNYDER,
467 Ninth St., Oakland, CaL
Or Branch Office
A- J. BNTDER.
Adeline Station. Berkeley.
J2250— A WELL-BUILT house of 6 rooms and
bath, near the station, on eunny side of street;
a bargain- :,\ * .
$3300— New 2-story bouse of S rooms; thor-
oughly modern in every respect; near electric
railroad.
House of 6 rooms and bath, east of railroad,
between Dwight way and Berkeley stations.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate. Berke.
Icy station.
LARGE corner lot, 100x100, northeast corner
University ave. and Curtis St., Berkeley; ce-
ment sidewalk: street accepted; cost owner
53400. will sell for $1250, half cash; need
money. Apply 130 Sixth St.. San Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$300 CA£H; $7 SO monthly— New modern cottage
of 4 < larg«' rooms; high basement; immense
shade trees; shrubbery; grand soil; well shel-
tered rook; SS bouses gone up in 4 months;
near church chapel and echool; electric cars
near fcy; 4 main roads; a place where one
'■«n rr:ore than make a living- in the chicken
if they wish; adjoining East Oak-
»■<];■' no fogs nor raw winds; lot 102:6x100;
mire land adjoining; for price in all $1225
Call or send for circular, 433 Seventh et., op-
posite Broadway Rtation. Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
HOUSES of every description and price for sale
or rent. Apply to W. E. BARXARD, 1118
Broadway; telephone Main 10. "
HffiaSISMSSBMkMflfiBBBHBCHflBBflMHMBBS *
OAKLAND ADYERTiSEMENTS.
OFFiCh— ISIb Hi v»AD VV A Y.
t^^OAKUXD REAL JE STATER
SPECIAL~3ARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
. DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
READ THIS.
$18,500 — Business corner; Just the location for
a bank; choicest location in Berkeley. Since we
secured our contract a $40,000 business block
going up; the new Postofftce has leased adjoin-
ing premises for 10 years: present income' $900
per annum; no leases; believe we can get $1500
per annum. -
A Genuine Investment.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 462 Eighth st.. Oakland. :
AN ELEGANT HOME. . .
MUST BE SOLD (READ THIS).
Near Senator Perkins' mansion, Vernon
Heights. We offer lovely modern Gothic style,
built for a home; 9 rooms; porcelain bath; elec-
tric appliances; fine mantels (one cost $250);
Interior superb order; barn; choice garden;
large double frontage lot: .present . price . In-
cludes $800 worth fine new 5-months-old carpets
(would sell at a bargain elegant Flemish carved
oak dining-room set, value $1000); property
mortgaged. $5000 can remain; cost over $10,000;
reduced to $7250; we possibly can get further
reduction to close sale this week.
Forcing sale^— FJrst come, first served. Our
Instructions are to sell.
LAYMATCCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 4C2 Eighth St.. Oakland.
A SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY.
SPECIAL SNAP; ON SMALL PAYMENT.
' A con t racier has two ideal new 8- room
homes, with flat loans of $3000 and $3500 on
each; to save paying mterest and rather than
rent, and to get his working capital out, has
authorized us to obtain immediate offer over
present loans. We have sold 3 to prominent
Oakland merchants and a lawyer, who have a
quick knowledge of their value; located . close
In: superb neighborhood; 500 feet of several
$25,000 homes; no choicer home neighborhood;
istop paying rent; If you have not much money,
see us; we 'will arrange balance; don't delay;
call at once, while seller is anxious to selL We
strive to offer good values.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., :
460 and 462 Eighth st. Oakland. "
$22,000— PALATIAL MANSION.
"Beautiful for situation," possessing advan-
tages of near remoteness and accessible seclu-
sion; only one year constructed; a rare home
offering.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 402 Eighth st. Oakland.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$3750— ON west' side of Union St.. near Four-
teenth; have just completed one of Oakland's
prettiest homes; location none better; see it
and you will buy It.
A. J. SNYDER,
- 467 Ninth st. Oakland. Cal.
WTLL offer a corner on which you can erect
flats which will return 1*4 per cent per month
on money invested.*
A. J. SNYDER,
.v 467 Ninth st. Oakland. Cal.
$2800— NEW 6-room cottage, modern and con-
venient; lot 50x100; street sewered, mac&dam-
lred and sidewalked; two minutes' walk from
car line. For terms apply
A. J. SNYDER.
_ 467 Ninth st.% Oakland, Cal.
NEW 2-story house, same' vicinity; convenient
and pretty; see this property at onee.
At reasonable prices— Homes, lots, business
property for sale in all parts of Oakland and
vicinity. A. J. SNYDER.
467 Ninth St.. Oakland. CaL
S. M. DODGE & SON,
1160 Broadway, Oakland.
$3250 — Something extra nice in the way of a
modern up-to-date, brand new home in Oak-
land oat toward Berkeley; lot 50x125; 7 rooms
and bath. Call and let us show you this.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY lower flat, 8 large rooms; electric eer-
vice throughaat; t coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot;- lawn: fruit and shade trees and
Dowers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth sts.. come within 1 block. Call or
address 1659 Ninth avc. East Oakland.
OAKLAND jFTTRX ITPRE^ JFO R Sa£JT
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas the ■
. furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland. ,
OAKLAND HOUSES WANTED.
ABOUT 8 rooms, furnished, near car line; Ver-
non Heights. Addregs box 2?6S. Call. Oakland.
R O° MS F0R HOUSEKEEPIKG.
EDDY, 421 — 2 nicely furnished sunny bay-
window rms. for housekpg.; gas range; closet.
FIFTH. 333 — Two sunny rooms and kitchen,
$20; also 3 connecting, $12; also single, $4 up.
HAIGHT, 222—3 perfectly * appointed house-
kpg. rms. for couple; sunny; alcove; phone.
JACKSON, 820, near Mason — Furnished large
room; 2 beds; grate or housekeeping; $9.
MASON, 614— Nicely furnished rooms; also
housekeeping. .
McALLISTER, 536 — One large sunny front
room;. gas range, laundry; $10.
OAK, 119 — 2 -sunny large parlors; furnished;
heavy housekeeping; gas; 2 beds; $18.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary — Sunny furnished
connecting parlors; mantel, gas stove, clpset
STONE, 25, nr. NE. cor. Washington and Pow-
ell — 4 sunny nnfurn. rms.: upper flat; 110.
TWELFTH, "12 — 2 furnished rooznm for house-
keepirxe; rent $8.
1 CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia. mU ■ .
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unf am.
ARGYLE Hoteli 234 McAllister— NewT elegant,
sunny; grill attached: 75c day upward; rates
.by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
26c to $1 per night; U 25 to *5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
PURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1354)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, KM Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 321,«Morart — Nicely furnished rooms;
35c, $1 60 night; $1 60, $8 wk; open all night.
FOURTEENTH. 663, corner Market— Unfur-
nished front parlor in new flat; bay-window.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites: single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
FOLSOM, 742 — Large sunny front room suit-
able for 2, cheap.
FRONT unfurnished connecting rooms with
alcove; running: water; pas; phone; suitable
for light housekeeping. Box 2742, Call. -
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1137 — Sunny furnished rooms, en suite
or single.
MINNA. €67, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
• bay-window room, $1 per week; transient
MISSION, &C1, near Second — Large front room
suitable for two. . ....
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; -J2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 2ft— Sunny furnished rooms and
of flees; elevator; dec, lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, C38, near Jonee— Pleasant room,
$6 month. . '■ '
ROYAL HOUSE, 128 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies', par.
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
■ $8; month. $8 to $20; elevator on ground
floor; rooms -with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 222— A Bunny suite and singles.
neat and clean; bath, phone; prices low. ■
SUTTER. 320% {The Stanford)— Suites from J3
to V: singles. $2 to S3 per week; transient.
TURK, &43 — Sunny furnished room; grate, gas
and bath; $10 per month; private. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received -at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st
ROOMS AND BOARD. ~
SUNNY parlor suites, suitable for couple or 3
young men; board optional; private family;
north of and ten minutes' walk from Market.
• "Phone East 713." . •
HOTEL Denniston. cor.' Valencia and 21st' sts—
• In the "Warm Belt"; free from ■ prevailing
. fogs: choice sunny suits; first class. ' i . -
THE Irvingdale, 626 Eddy— Suite, suitable for
' threei' gentlemen with board, $60; single rooms
with board. $22 BO up: excellent table.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12^ 1^01.
j InoOMS AND POARI^ConttnoejI.
THE Pierpont, 418 Ellis— Everything new; most
"elegantly furnished apartments; flrst-class.
dining -room. -
ROOM and board in elegant furnished' flat;
home for 2: sunshine;. billiard-room and tele--
phone. Call 25 Baker st. . ?■
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Niarar 615 Taylor— Nicely fur. rms.;'
running water; excellent board; reasonable.
ELEGANTLY furnished eunny rooms with
board. 316 Eddy st. ■
.ROOMS AXp_ BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — To exchange flrst-class instruction
on piano for board In Mission. Box 2712. Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms wanted; must be
near Woodward's Gardens. Box- 2059, Call.
2 UNFURNISHED rooms south of Market;
state Price. Box 2. 300 Hayes st.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RlTpT'URE'^cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market st; treatment free; only
invention In the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES. __ v
NOTICE — Abandoned children in Roman Cath-
olic Orphan Asylum, since July, 1900: Emma
Brelg. age 12 years; Carrie Breig, age 8 years;
Elizth Wlnthrop, age 10 years; Grace Win-
throp, aze 9 years. /
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought sold, rented, exchange; re-
|. pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES."
PIE^C^ROD^L?H~^to7a^e~anTlSovlrjg^C^
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel.' Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st; phone Jackson 281. '
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st;
tel. Main 1840;" shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARG^INSniiN'TYPE^^iTlERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
• typewriter doctors lestimate free. 209 Sansome.
_^^ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
FOUR Oil Compan^^Divlden^Norir wlU~De
payable December 10. 1901, at the office of
the secretary, room 23> third floor, Mills
building. CHARLES MUSAUS, Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion free; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
- ings parties not required to go Into court
Room 611. Examiner bldg.: phone Black 3604.
PROPOSALS. _^____
BIDS Wanted— Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at Its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st.,
San Francisco, Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a. m..
SATURDAY, December 21, 1901, and opened
immediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Tountville), for six months commencing
January 1. 1902, and ending June 30. 1902.
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting bids will be, furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it is
in accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C. . Mason
Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified.
. Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
. of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Call-
- fornia. room 13. 320 Sansome st.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal. By order of the Board of Dlrect-
oni. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: . , • . ;
William D. Shea, 31, 1422 Green street, and
Preciosa L. Pracht, 24, 1416 Hyde street
Selby C. Oppenheimer, 23. 311 Spruce street,
and Gertrude E. Leavy, 20. 2727 Pacific ave.
Cecil E. Howard, 27. 1201 Flllmore street,
and Lottie E. Shields. 18. 303% Octavla street. |
Dennis J. McCarthy. 29, 1015 Folaom street,
and Mary MeCarrick, 26, 81 Zoe street.
Edwin C. Sharpe, 31, city, and Eva K. Pep-
ler, 20, city.
John C. Robinson, 24, 148 Tenth street, and
Lillian Somers, 22. 41 Stockton street.
- George F. Fields, 24, 417 Ivy avenue, and
Margaret E. Welsh. 21, 1030 Howard street. :
Hans Jensen, 27, Los Banos, and Irene
Schmidt, 17. Newman.
Charles Brasrhetta, 28, Stockton, and Ange-
lina M. F. Minetti. 27, city.
Frank C. Bain, 26. Chicago, and Cassle
Quinlan, 20, New York City.
Frederick R. Axton, 31, 721 Franklin street,
and Etta. A. Konler, 24. 828 Lombard street.
Otto Koch, 29, :*51A Minna street, and Anna
M. Hastens, 23, 4329 Twenty-third street.
Burri3 K. Davis. 23, 717 Turk street, and
Josephine A. Swett, 19, 6 Walter street.
John J. McAndrews. 43. Winthrop, and
Mamie Smith. 42. Butte. Mont. • .
BIRTHS— MAEBIaGES—DEATHBl
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed -with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to nave the same published.
BORN.
HYMAN— In this city, to the wife of Walter
A. Hyman, a son.
KEELEN— In this city, November 18. 1901, to
. . the wife of Bert Keelen, a son.
_____
GRABOWSKI— GORLA— In' t hi* city, Decem-
ber 8. 1901. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Au-
- gust Frederick Grabowski and ■ Amalla ' Au-
: gusta Gorla.
JANSEN— ROSWARNE— In Oakland, Decem-
• ber 10, 1901, at 601 Fortieth street, by the
Rev. W. M. M. Martin, Louis Jansen and
Eva Roswarne, both of Oakland.
KOLSTER— VON HUSEN— In this city, De-
cember 7, 1901,. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
John Roister -and Meta von Husen. .
DIED. — — — ;
• Balaben, Sophie ' Koeper) Otto
Blackmon, Sophia Lennox, Mary ■
; Blamyer, Frances M. Livingston, Mary A.
De Bernardi, Albert McGrath. Patrick
Dowell, Fredrick L. Mansfield, Myer
Fanning, Mary Pelle, Angellque. ,
Fay, Emelie Pelicano, Irene
Gabb, Clarence Pinkson, Henry
Gould, Albert R. Righetti, Giovanna
Hancock, Josie A. Shields, Roger
■ Hansen, Charles L. Selferth, Gustave B.
Horstmann Henry Wilklns, John S.
Huddy, Margaret N. Wright, Anaon
Keenan. Alexander- • ;
BALABEN— in this' city, December 11, 1901,
Sophie, beloved wife of Isaac Balaben, and
mother of Rose and Ben Balaben, a native
■ of Suwalk, Russia, aged 54 years. . <
icyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO._
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) "
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln Echool. .
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
"'■'/}■ San Mateo County.
OFFICE &16 MARKET STREET.
'■ : J. HENDERSON, Manager.
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral .Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. bet
Taylor and Jones. 'Telephone South 576. f
) J UNITED UNDERTAKERS!
Z7 »nd as Fifth St. Tel. South M7 1.
rWERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.I
nnett Equipment _»t Moderate^RatemTl
Eugene McGinn. ; : McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors . and Embalmers,
■ 31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone . South 252. -.San Francisco
No Connection With Any Other House. J
NEW FIHM OF UlNDErtTAKERS.
Samuel . McFadden. 18 years manager : for
the Untted Undertakers* Association; M. J.' '
McBrea'rty. with the same company for is
years: P. F. Green, late v/Ith J. C. O'Con-
■ nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par- '
lors at -1171 Mission street.' between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South -44. "... ■ :,; v
j fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
! (Thuasday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the fu-
neral parlors of .Theo'dor 4 Dierks, undertaker,
1)57 Mission street, ■ between Fi£th and Sixth,
and thence by 11:30 - o'clock train to New
Salem Cemetery for interment. ; . -. v
BLACKMON— In this city, December 9, 1901.
Sophia Blaclcmon, dearly beloved wife < o£
Frank Blackmon, beloved daughter, of Frank
H. and Mary L. Staples, and beloved sister
' pf C. D. and F. A. Staples, a native of Kern
County, Cal., aged 29 years.'. (New. York and
Montreal papers pleaee copy.) ■ ■ -
• GyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at"»2 o'clock, from the. resi-
" rtence of her parents," 1308 Greenwich street;
between Larkin and Polk streets. Please
omit flowers. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BLAMYER— in Alameda, at 1729 San Anto-
nio avenue, December 10," 1901, Frances Mil-
ward Blamyer, sister of Mrs," Henry Wigfall,
and aunt of Mrs. . H. Deas, a native of
Charleston," South Carolina, aged 80 years
6 months and 28 days. • • ; : .
DE BERNARDI— In this city, December 10.
1901; Albert, beloved husband of Guadalupe
de Bernardl, son of Mr. and Mrs. C. de Ber-
nardi, and brother of Emile, Leon and Paul
de Bernardl,- a native of San Francisco, aged
30 years 8 months and 13 days. \
Ey Friends and acquaintances aro respect-
full y invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 61D Chestnut street, thence to Third
and Townsend streets by 11:30 o'clock train.
Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery.
COURT PALO ALTO No. 53, F. of A.— Offi-
cers and members, of this court will please
meet at 9 o'clock to-day at their hall to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother, Albert
de Bernardl. L. KAUSMANN, Sec.
DOWELL — In East Oakland, December 10,
1901, Fredrick Leroy, beloved son of Fred-
rick Leroy and 1 Josephine ■ Dowell. • a native
, of East Oakland, aged 3 years 8 months and
27 days. . .
FANNING— In. this city. December slO, 1001.
Mary Fanning, a native of Ireland.
ityThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thureflay), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
• of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Rose's Church for ser-
vices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
11:30 o'clock train from Thirdand Townsend
streets. • ■ ;
FAY— In this city. December 10, 1901, Emelle
Fay, beloved sister of Mrs. Therese Barden-
hagen, -George Fay and Mrs. Johanna Wil-
son, a native of Koeniwsbersr, Prussia, Ger-
many. (Minnesota papers please copy.) ' ■
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her sister, Mrs. ' Therese Bardenhagen, 1003
Noe street, corner .Twenty- third. -Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. ' ' .
GABB — In this city. December 11, 1901, Clar-
■ enoe, youngest and beloved son of John and
"Minnie Gabb, and brother of Hazel and Rus-
fell Gabb, a native of San Francisco, aged
26 days.
GOULD— In this city, December 9, 1901. Al-
bert R., beloved husband of Lucia M. Gould,
and father of Mrs. Eva B. Kendall, a na-
tive of Maine, aged 50 years 7 months and
a days. . ,
C?"FrIen<jB and acquaintances are respect- >
' fully invited to attend the funeral, to-day
.. (Thursday), • at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlcrs of Truman & Co., 318 Mason street,
between O'Farrell . an* Geary. Interment
Cyprces Lawn Cemetery.
HANCOCK— In this city, December 11, 1901,
Josie A., beloved wife of Robert S. Hancock,
and mother of Robert, Amy, Walter Har-
rold. • Chester and Leslie Hancock and ths
late Eva Hancock, a native of County Clare,
Ireland, aged 43 years 9 months and 15 days.
IE?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
HANSEN— In this city, December 11, 1901,
Charles L. Hansen, beloved brother of Mrs.
. A, Noland, a native of Empire. City, Nev.
A member of the Brotherhood of Teamsters.
IC? Friends and acquaintances, aro respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'ciock, from .the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. . ' ;
HORSTMANN— In this city, December 10, 1901,
Henry k F., dearly beloved husband of Anna
Horstmann, and beloved son of Henry' H.
and the late Marie H. Horstmann, a native
of San FranciBco, ased 36 years 8 months
and 5 days. A member of Stanford Parlor
No. 76,- N. S. G. W.
IC?The funeral will be private to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3316 Nineteenth street, near Howard,
and thence by special train leaving Twenty-
fifth and Valencia, streets depot at 2:45
o'clock- sharp to Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.) •
HUDDY— In this city, December 10. 1901,
Margaret N., beloved wife of Henry Huddy,
and mother of Harry, Cornelius, May and
Aggie Huddy, a native of New York, aged 08
years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend . thq, funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 432 Church street. Interment Cy-
! press Lawn Cemetery.
KEENAN— In this city, December 11, 1901, at
his residence. 107 Guerrero street, Alexan-
der, beloved husband of Mary Keenan, and
father of James. ' Ellen,' Dr. A. ,,S., Mary,
Peter, John, Annie and Catherine Keenan
and Mrs. J. M. Toner, a native of County
Antrim-, Ireland, ased 71 years 8 months
and 15 days.
KOEPER— In this city, December 9/ 1901. Otto
Koener, .belcved : son of. Erederlca and-Fred-
ricka Koeper,- a native of ' San Francisco, '
. aged 33 years 8 months and 18 days.
IC^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler, 630 Washington
street, thence to Native Sons' Hall, 414 Ma-
son street, where the services will be held,
■ commencing at 10 o'clock, under the auspices
of Golden Gate Parlor No. 29. N. S. G. W..
thence to Third and ' Townsend streets, by
11:30 o'clock train. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. , ' \
OFFICERS and members of the Past Presi-
dents' Association. N. S. G. W., will assem-
ble at N. S. G. W. Hall to attend the fu-
neral cf our late brother. Otto Koeper.
F. J. MURASKY. Governor.
WILLIAM A. KING, Secretary of State.
LENNOX — In this city, December 11, 1901,
Mary, beloved wife of John Lennox, and de-
voted mother of the late Andrew Lennox
and Mrs. J. • Fritz, Mrs. C. W. Stevens and
John Lennox Jr., a native of County Done-
gal, Ireland, aged 57 years.
ID^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, • from St. Rose's
Church, where services will be celebrated for j
the repose of her soul. :
LIVING STON— In Oakland, December 11, 1901,
. Mary ' Anne, beloved sister of John Living-
ston, a native of Scotland.
E?Tuneral and interment private. Friends
kindly omit flowers. , 's .•
McGRATH— In this city. December 11, 1901,'
Patrick McGrath, beloved brother of Thomas
McGrath, Mrs. Thomas Griffin of New York
and Michael McGrath of Frulta, Colo., a na-
tive of Doonbee, County Clare. Ireland, aged
49 years. (New York and , Colorado papers
please copy.) •■•• - *■'
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:80 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor &. Co.. 767 Mission street,
tnence to St. Rose's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MANSFIELD— In this city, December 11, 1901,
Myer Mansfield, beloved father of Theo and
Edgar Mansfield. Mrs. Louise Kuhn and
Mrs. S. L. Goldman, a native /of Germany,
aged 75 years 2 months and 14 days.
C^Notice of funeral hereafter. ■ --
PELLE— In this city, December 11, 1901, An-
gelique, widow of the late Alexis Augustin
Pelle, and beloved mother 6f Alexin and ths
late Jules Pelle and of Mrs. P. Lapachet,
Mrs. J. B. Beilhes and Mrs. 8. Goldspring,
a native of France, aged 82 years 4 months
and 25 days. (San Jose and Santa Rosa pa-
. pers please copy.) • • .
:E7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
PELICANO— In this cltv. December 10. 11)01,
Irene, beloved daughter of Frank and Vir-
ginia, Peli<:ano,» a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 9 days.
CCTKriends and acquaintances are . respect-
fully^nvited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 10 o'clock^ at th>!
residence of her parents. 518 Greenwich
street. Interment Italian Cemetery.
PINKSON — In this city. December 11, 1901,
' Henry Pinhaon, beloved husband of Therese
. Pinkscn. : and father of Isabclle. Leontlne
and Leon Pinkson and Mrs. . Joe Zlnna-
man of Colusa, Cal., a native of Breslau,
Germany, aged 71 . years. ' . * ;
RIGHETTI— In this city, December 10, 1901,
' Giovanna, . dearly beloved wife of Aqulnllno
Righetti, and lovinr mother of Perseo, OH-
vlo. 1 Virginia. Erina and .Armando Righetti
and Mrs. Ida Toernazzini, a native of Switz-'
crland, aged 57. years 5 months and 10 days.'
(tyFriends and acquaintancs are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1635 Golden Gate avenue, between
Devisadero and Scott streets. Interment
New -.Italian Cemetery.
SHIELDS— Irt /this city. .December 11. 1001
• Roger, beloved husband of Catherine Shields!
a native of " County - Roscommon, Ireland
• aged 70 years 10 months and 2 days.
IC3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 80 Ritch ; street, . thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. -\ Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ■ •-• . ,.■ .-. : : . .■■■.-.- .• :
SEIFERTH— In: ■ . Mooretown, - Butte County
■ ' Cal., December 8, 1901, ■ Gustave B. Selferth'
a native of Germany, aged 58 years.
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and 'Eighth. • • - , --
WILKINS — In this city, December 10, 1901
"John S. Wilklns, AEed 70 years. ■ •; . .
WRIGHT — In Oakland. December 10, 1901
Anson' WrUrht, husband of Geraldlne a"
- Wright, a native of England, aged, 79-years
and 4 months. (Sonoma , and Santa Rosa
papers please copy.) ; '■ — ■ . „ ->
tC?" Friends * are respectfully invited to at-
tend:- the -:. funeral to-day . (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of his son, O. W.
Wright. 116.3 Sixteenth street.^ Oakland.
Florist Go.
S/^ ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable . ■
107 POWELL ST.NtAA ELLIS C^ r 5053
ffiBi Call $1.00 nerTi
DISPUTE OVER
WATER SUPPLY
Supervisors Listen to the
Protest of Giant Gap
Company.
Russell Dunn Charges the
City Engineer With Ig
noring His System.
The Public Utilities Committee of ths
Board of Supervisors met yesterday for
the purpose of hearing the protest of
Russell Dunn against the acceptance of
the recommendation of the Board of Pub
lic Works that the city acquire a munici
pal water system from the headwaters of
the Tuolumne River. Dunn, who, withC.
Alberger, made an offer to sell to the city
the Giant Gap water supply" from; the
north fork-of the American River, charges
that his offer was not fully investigated
by Chief Engineer Grunsky, on whose re
port the Tuolumne River supply was se
lected. Much of the time was devoted to
wordy, tilts between Grunsky, Dunn, At
torney Gould, representing the Giant Gap
Company, and Chairman Reed of the
committee regarding the estimates of cost
of the two systems.
Dunn asked Grunsky if he knew what
the ' axea was of the watersheds of the
reservoirs of the Giant Gap supply. Chair
man Reed desired to know why the ques
tion was asked, and Dunn replied:
"Because I want him to admit that he
does not know." .
Reed objected to asking Grunsky to ac
knowledge any shortcomings which Dunn
might think the city official was guilty
of. . Attorney Gould said the auestion was
asked in good faith in order to show that
Grunsky had not investigated the repre
sentations made by the Giant Gap pro-:
maters. The question was withdrawn be
cS&se the United States Geodetic Survey
could; furnish the data..
/.To* a auestion put by Grunsky, Dunn
/feaid that the total cost of his system as
projected would be $17,400,000, including a
distributing system, but excluding land
values for reservoir sites. The power
houses would be placed in Auburn and
the cost would include the power derived
from 100,000,000 gallons of water.
"I could build - a distributing system,
which City Engineer Grunsky estimates
will cost $7,000,000 for $500,000 less," sard
Dunn. "The main receiving reservoir
would have a capacity of 200,000,000 gal
lons. My. plans of construction are simple
and less expensive than Grunsky's."
"Mr. Dunn has evidently made his esti
mates low in order to make them attrac
tive," replied Grunsky.
, Attorney Gould took exception to Grun
sky's remarks .and was proceeding to ex
plain his .client's position, when he was
sharply called to order by Chairman
Reed. :
Grunsky stated that the Board of
Works had reported that the Giant Gap
Company had nothing of value to sell
and If a comparison of cost were to be
made the Giant Gap Company's estimate
would be increased to $26,000,000 to dupli
cate the Tuolumne system, whose cost is
estimated at $38,000,000. On the basis of
the amount to be delivered by each sys
tem, the cost of the Giant Gap project
would be $700,000 per 100,000,000 gallons and
of the Tuolumne scheme $640,000.
Commissioner Manson contended that
the Giant Gap scheme was impracticable
and the question of cost was subordinated
to securing a supply of pure water. Reed
favored acquiring as an auxuiliary sys
tem the supply of the Dumbarton Point
Land Company, drawing v from artesian
wells in Alameda County, which has been
offered to the city for $450,000.
The committee requested the City Engi
neer to file a new . estimate on a sinele
pipe line from the Tuolumne to supply 40,
000,000 gallons and to be connected with
the Dumbarton Point system.
MABEET-STEEET COMPANY
WILL REPAVE THE STBEETS
Supervisors' Utilities Committee Bec-
ommends Abandoning Proceed
ings Against Corporation.
The Supervisors' Public * Utilities ■ Com
mittee decided yesterday to abandon all
Intended proceedings against the Market
Sireet Railway Company for failing to
keep its promise to repave between Its
abandoned tracks on various streets.
Superintendent of Construction Lynch
of the Market Street Railway Company,
notified, the committee that- a force ol
pavers will be sent to City Hall avenue
to relay the pavement thereon, and that
work will be commenced on Post street
and prosecuted vigorously until it has
been completed. Lynch says that It is the
intention of the company to ■ repave be
tween the tracks on all other streets
wl'erever repaving Is necessary.
The proceedings against the company,
which will be abandoned, . include a reso
lution asking the Attorney General for
permission to bring suit against the com
pany to forfeit Its franchise for failure
to keep its portion of the streets in proper
condition: also an ordinance requiring
trolley wires to be placed underground.
The committee reported in favor of the
passage of an ordinance requiring poles
to be erected at least ten feet away from
any gas lamp; and also requiring the
poles to be painted with suitable ma
terial.
The ordinance fixing: the rate to be
charged for street car fares at" three cents
was indefinitely postponed. ,
WIFE OF ENGINEER WOLFE
IS GEANTED A DIVORCE
She Testifies That Her Husband Is
Continually Drunk While He
Is in Port.. , . r
Emma Wolfe, wife of Edwin Wolfe,
a steamship engineer, was granted a
decree of divorce yesterday on the
ground of willful neglect." Mrsr Wolfe
testified before Judge Troutt that
her husband; after completing a 1 voyage
would get drunk and remain drunk all
the time his vessel remained in this port.
Mrs. C. J. "Webb is suing her husband,
George "Webb, for maintenance. She al
leges that he has failed to provide for
her since August, 1899. . •
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Charles A. Landis- from Myrtle Landls,
for desertion; Minerva Rasor from Aaron
Rasor, for neglect: Carlos Casacq del
Curo from Lillian Fay del Curo. for de
eertion, and Bertha Hess from Benjamin
Hess, for cruelty. ' j ■
Suits for divorce were filed by Bridget
O'Connor against Timothy O'Connor, for
cruelty; Josephine Wolfenbarger against
Harvey Wolf enbarjrer. for failure to pro
vide; Andra Sandela against Julia San
dela, for desertion.
The best short story. Bret
Harte ever wrote. It will ap-
X>ear in ! the Christmas edition
of The Call next Sunday.
Don't miss it I : ,5,v^c
Social Club iUects Officers.
At a recent meeting of the County L.el
trlm Social'. Club;. 'held. In; the Knights of
the Red 'Branch Hall, on. Mission' street,
the following officers were elected for "the
ensuing term: President, R. J. O'Reilly;
vice president, M. J. ; Moran; \. recording
secretary. P. M. McGushin; financial sec
retary. '■'**•' -C.'.j Morton; 'treasurer," P. J.
Meehan; ; sergeant-at-arms, Peter Mc-
Keon; trustees— William Keegan, Frank
Conlan, James Morton, , Matt O'Reilly and
James Bohan. . - - : :•
Carve j Your Christmas Turkey-
With a set of those Jos. Rodgers & Sons'
matchless quality Carvers from Skinner's,
416 Market street. ; * ' ,- : • ,• • .••
Miss Cunningham: Very 111.
Miss Carrie Cunningham, a well-known
newspaper woman of "this city, Is ; lying .
dangerously ill at a private hospital. : She I
is suffering 1 from an attack j of. blood-poi
soning. Miss ; Cunningham was seriously
injured four ; years ago - while : in the ,dis- *
charge of her duty as " a • reporter," and -
her present ' illness Is a recurrence of ; the \
complications that set in at that; time, t
RECOGNIZE WORK
OF DRILL CORPS
Patriarchs Militant En
tertains Members at
Able Speakers Tell of Good
Accomplished During
Past Year. .
Canton San Francisco No. 5, Patriarchs
Militant of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows,' wishing to show its appreciation
of- the good work of its drill corps at the
recent grand encampment, lield at Fres
no, made the members of the corps the
special guests at a banquet given last
night in a Geary-street rotisserie.
There were present around the banquet
board the following members of the drill
corps:
Captain C. H. Kornbeck, Lieutenant C. L.
Ziegler, Ensign C. F. Phillips. R. C. Black.
John McPherson. G. "W. Fahner. C. T. John
son, C. E. Benedict, A. J. Bigelow, E. O.
Gleason, Charles A. Stahle. M. E. Van Meter.
John Deas, W. L.. Koch, M. P. Forbes, George
H. Wilson, H. B. Larsen, J. H. Foster, George
T. Shaw Jr., H Rogers and L. Jonas, and the
following: members of the canton: Generals E.
H. Black. J. F. Crosett, O. H. Brower, Colo
nels J. WV Harris, W. S. Potter, Majors
George T. Shaw, TJ. S. G. Clifford. W. r R.
Jamison, Captains John Thompson, J. A* Fos
ter, M; Manasse,- Lieutenants H. Dow and "A.
H. BreckwoWt, W. H. Barnes, W. T. Beck,
John F. Brown, M. TV Creps, "W. E. Dubois.
F. P. Duley, A. P. Dodds, Eugene Flanders.
P. E. Fernandsen,- William L.. Farnham. A. W.
Forsberg. Gustave Gall, S. Hansen, C. T'. Han
sen, J. F. Hardln, Robert M. Jones, Thomas
B. W. Leland.J. T. McGhee, A. D. McLean,
N. M. Petersen, C. Schoppe, Thomas Sabastlan,
P. G. Sundberg. F. L. Turpin, H. H. Valleno.
H. Whims, C. W. Welsh. Charles M. "Wooley,
W. W... Watson.
During the banquet an orchestra dis
coursed sweet music, and after black cof
fee had been served Captain Kornbeck,
the toastmaster, said that while much
had been accomplished by the canton dur
ing the year there remains much that the
members, individually and collectively,
can do for its advancement. He dwelt
upon the beneficent work in which the
Patriarchs are, engaged. At the close of
his remarks he was greeted with loud ap
plause. Then came the following toasts
and responses, which were interspersed
by vocal selections by Robert H. Jones:
Th» Encampment Branch." Colonel J. W
Harris; "The Cantons. Particularly No. 5."
General E. H. Black; "Subordinate Lodge,"
Major George T. Shaw; "The Sovereign Grand
Lodge," W. W. Watson, P. G. M.; "Joint Ses
sion of the Patriarchs and the Grand Encamp
ment, ' W. H. Barnes; "The Good the Patri
archs Are to the ■ Order," ■ General H- O
Brower. • • . rr . .
Colonel C. H. Wever, commanding the
second regiment of Patriarchs Militant,
and others followed with impromptu
L&lKSa
During the evening Captain Kornbeck
was presented with a handsome silver
loving cup by the canton as a token of its
appreciation of his services in building up
the canton and drilling the corps JHe
was also presented a beautiful emblem
atic button.
HOTEL ? ABBIVAXS.
RUSS I
J J Warren & r d,
Missouri
E E Winston, Mo
G "W Morgan & w. Mo
A L Chamberlain & w,
Topeka
Miss M Chamberlain,
Topeka
T Grattan, Redding
ME Marten NY -
HE Manzel.sN Y
X. Barron, Denver
F M Havens, Sta Fe
G H Andreip. Fruttval
T Cooper, Frultvale
J, Birch. Sacto
F A Ross, i Sacto .
G E Rumel, Geyservll
J D Whalen. Pleasntn
; S R Jamison, Eureka i
S Grand! & s, Pt Reyes
F R Hoffman & s. Cal
G W Hoffman, Ventra
M J Hoffman, Ventura
Mrs G Hoffman. Vent
M F Holland. Eureka
Mrs M Gray. BakerCty
Miss N Gray, BakerCty
M Carvln. Baker City I
G Rates &,w/ Portland!
J M Carlson. Sacto
T Gratton, • Redding
R C Wyllln, Ind
E P Clark, Ind
Mrs M Tryon. Cal
F Remson. Salinas
W L Davis, Salinas
G G Davis, Salinas
. 4 ■ NEW WESTI
O Jl Messer. Pac Gr ■
O H Rhodes. Sacto
! W Denser, Selma
E Greil & w. N T
A McCharles, Reno
C T Arnold, Omaha
,W Davidson. Omaha
T Hansen, Omaha
J R Helvey, Omaha
W Peters. Omaha
E A York, Kans
JOUSE.
C Foster. Salinas
D B Getchell, Nev Cty
C H Heysen, Truckee
W C McNauffht. Phila
C N Harpst & w. O
J Boyer & w, Neb
Mis3 Boyer;' Neb
K H Conant & w. Neb
J Harrison & W.Seattle
Miss Harrison. Seattle
J .Corrinr Seattle
O R Hudson. Denver
J A Prusselley, Manila
D Z Billimlnl, Ind
J Hoover, San Jose
0 H Blassingham. Cal
F R Miller & w, Cal
G W Bellinger. S Jose
J H Puruack, KansCty
J W Bllllngs.Kans Cty
E C Power, Texaa
!L G Manor, Williams
Mrs C Movel, Seattle
S E Addison. Rd Bluff
G Williamson. Flasrstrt
B Edwards. San Jose
Mrs J Edwards, S Jose-
Dr T S Stickey, Cal
U E Butterfleld. Hanfrd
H Rum, Bakersfleld
G Young, Bakersfield
B Snllivan, Chicago
Miss M Hatch. Folsom
B G Howard. Sacto
J O'Donnen, Monterey
H Schoomaker, Cal
J A Hope, Peso Robtes
E James. Paso Robles
!RN HOTEL.
Mrs T B Johnson, Cal
E E Backus, Ariz
S L Ordway, Sacto
P E O'Hara, Chicago
A A Butler. Mass
J Blonger. Los Ang
J Bancroft. London
A Morrison. Or
G SWata, Pa
1 D Smith, Ohio
W P Hadden, NT
Old subscribers to The Call are en
titled .to th.e privilege, of securing .a
copy of Cram's Superior Atlas of the
World upon payment of §1 50, the
premium rate.
BA3XWAX TSAVEL.
Santa Fe
Tnains-Daiiy.
Leave ■ Market-street ■ Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrrd Local
Dally Dally Daily Dally
Lv. Ban Fran 7:J0 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
••• Hanford.. J:12 p 8:27 p 8:05 a
-•* Visalia.... S-.89 p ........ 8:00 a
"Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
•• Kan City J 2:40 a T:3O a
" Chicago.. •• 2:15 p 9:00 p ........
a for morning, p for afternoon.
< 9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace . Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
tubs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers.' No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:M
p. m. dally. •
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Can to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper.* which cut* out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily. . •■■■;•■-.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Of flees— HI Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. •■
: :BORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAR
Via Sausallt* Forty.
.y,' "commencing September 2S. 1801. .<.■..;'
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
*" AND SAN RAFAEL. '*"*'*•*
WEEK DAYS— 6:65, 8:30. •9:V>; 11:00 a. m»
«-45 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. ♦8:15, 6:45 p. m. ,
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and Baa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p.m. . "^
'SUNDAYS— '8:00. *10:CO. ,ni:30 a. m.. n : u.
315 1 ■•4:4». 6:3t). 9:30 p. m. . TI
Trains • marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-*5:25. • «:27. 7:45, 8:35, iS-ii
a. nT. »12:23. 2:15. 08:85. -4:40, S:30p. nT */ U
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. ._ Wednesday.,
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m. *
' 6UNPAYS-6:15^^^:00. MO-.W. I!*} a. «.^
•1-40 *3:15 4:45, •«:»> P. m. ,. ...fr;
Trains mariced (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:S5. 10^0 af^T
12:S5~2:45, 8:50. 6:10 p. m. "" ~»
EXTHA TRIPS on Mondays. • Wednesdays ana
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. .
SUNDATS-8:05. 10:06 a. m.. 12:05, 8:15, , :Ji)
E'OOw- i:45 P. m. ■
■ TRAIN! .
6:55 a. m. we«k days— Cazadero and way tta-
tlons. . " • ■'.■-■.. ■ ■. *
1:45 p. m. Saturday s-^Duncan Mills and way
stations.
• 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
■tatloni.: . . . - ... . . , , , *
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run oa
Sunday time.
ADVEBTISEM— NTS. ; _
• j||||| CARTERS
Positively cured by theso
J Little Pills.
They also relieve^ distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated TonRtie. Pain in
the Side. .TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
■ *■:-:■'- Small Price. '
RAILWAY T— AVZL. "--..
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tralaa t»n«« mad »r* tium i» nrrl«» »i -
HAH KU.*N«:i*« O. - . .,'
Qhit i Line. Foot of Market 'Stewt) .-'
leat« — Faou December 6, 1901. . — ''. arrivx
7rtW»A Benieia, Buisun, Elmlra and Sacra-
mento.. >. ...... ................. 8:SSp
?:O«A Vacaiille. Wlcterc'Romsey ; 7:33r
«:UOa Martiuaz,3«uUuiio<i,ViUlejo, Nar».
Cali»tngaaudS»ut» ltos» SiS3?
»rO»A Da»is, Woodland. Knig&U Landing.
Marysiilte. Oroiilln ..7:35*
8:OO* Atlantic Kxpress— OgJen and East 8:SSa.
M:«HtA Nile*. Ltthrop, Stockton ~i2»t
SsttOANlles, Msudota, Hanford, Viaalia,
, Portwrflle.:.... 4:55*
1:30a Shasta Express~DavIa Williams (for -
Bartlett Springs). Willow. Bed.
Bluff. Portland... 7«S»*
»|M» 8ui Jose, Lltermore. Stockton,
lone. Hacrameuto. PlaceiTille,
»Inrysi!!l«, Chico, Us.l ltlufT 4:25p
8:30* OaMale. Chinese, Sonora. Tuolumne. 4:23*
»:OOa Hajrward, Hilesaad Way Station*.. 1 1:5.>\
»:OOAVaU«jo , V*:iSr
UjOOa Lob Angeles Express — Uartlnes,
Tracy, Latlirnp, Stockton. Morctd
Freano aud Los Angeles 7:33*
9i3Oa V*]lej.., Martinez and Way Stations j ?:55r
1 0:00 A Tha Of erlanrf. f Jml ted-Ogileu, Ven-
T«r, Umaba. Chicago ."t:25r
flsOOr Sacraineiito ltl»er SLeaiiutrs. .... tll:OO»
SiOUr Benieia, Winters, Haeramento.
Woodland. Kiiluhts Landing.
Al»rys»ille, Oroiillo 10:3.14
3:80r Haywwd, Nilrs and Way SUMont.. 7:33*
f:»»r Martinez. Nail Kainou. Vallejo.
Nan*. «!«!i»t.>Kn. Sitnta Itomt ».55p
. ■iiOdp Nites, Lirermore, Stockton. Lo.H... 12>33r
4tairr Hayward, Nitex, Van Jnw, Iiwrmois tS:5SA
4:3»rlhe Owl Limited — Fomiio. Tutare, : .
Bakeraflelil, Haugus for Siuita Bar-
bara, Los AdrsIcs ■:33%
SiOOf Port Costa, Tracy. Latbrop, Stockton 1 0:23*
StOOt> Martlii'z. Aotioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 12:2.1*
a>n«»p Haywotd. Miles aud Hau Jose 7-..15*
t*:Oar Vallejo 11:23*
OiOWp Oriental .Mail— Ogrten, Uearer,
Omaha. St. Louis, Chicago , 4:23a
7tOOr Oregon tut] California IS«t>Mm,Nna.
rnhienk», » MarfjrtlllH, HoiMing,
r»rMiin.l. r«««t SuMt.tl Riul'Kmtt 8:33*
Sin.ipSan rab'.o, Fi>rV (,'oxta, Martinez
km, 1 Way citations.. . ..... 11:23*
l»:O-tp Vallrju.-.. ..;..'..„ .....;..... ?i»3g
COAST IJWE (Narrow (ia.i K e).
(Foot jpiarkolj Street.) .
■»!!*« New»rM>!»tt!r»ille..S»>«.lo»8.l'Vt*i)n,
Uonr<lerCicek..SauLaOriiz»ndWay
- -HteMoHs..: 5.5«MP
i*'*ar New»rk, OoUrVttto, B»» .Tubs, New
Alm;iil«n, Krl ton, Uimlilor Creek, • ~i ■
Santa <;ruz ami 1'iluclpai Way
Stations IO:S«U
4:!.1r Newark, Son .lme. LniiCatns fS:5<U
oO.aup Huntvn' Train— San Jose and Way
Stations...... ' •.■.-..■■■....■■■■ yr.gQT
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. '
rron SAS msCISCO-Fooi of lUrket Sireet (Slip 8>-
tV.16 9:0U 11:C0a.U. 1:03 3:00 6:lSr.».
rrsuiOmiUD— r«»t «' !ir««i »» j.— t<i:»<J t»M t3:0S
10:00«.M. 12:03 3.33 t:03r,»r. : ; - '
COAST LINE (Kroa.1 Mange).'
(Thirdand Tgn-nsemi Sta.)
«:IOa San Jose and Way XUticms.. <>:!<»*
7:00a Man .Jo«o»ri«U\V»y-.Htiili.iim......... ■ t^oor
/7r»«»A N-otr Ai»-*<l«n. ■. / 4:16»
SsOOa Co* st- Line Limited — ton Jose. 1 -.
GilT< y; Saliuaa. flan Lnis Obfcpo.
. .- e«n:» Barbara. Lok Angehs and
principal intermediate stations .... 1 0:43»
OiOOa Man .)<ix«. Tie* liliOS. Himtii t'nir,
r«!ilic Unire, .^aliuss dan Lnl» .
Obiapo imil Principal intermediate
,Stiiti..iia ... : I;I0f
1O:»Oa San Jrsc and Way Stations..... M:3A*
I I:3n A Saii.Iiiseni.il Way Stations ., !»: IOa
t«: Up San ,\Uti-». lUdiri-ntl, .Mnilt. Park,
Palo Alto. KauU Clam, .Sun .!•«•, . '
Tres Picov, Santa Cruz, Saliiua,
Moniei-cy ar'il rncllic <irnTe...... )1O:4.1*
3:3Af San Josttand Way. Statlona... ....... li.top
I4:13r !4aiiJ«maii<l I'ru.cirnl WayHUtinna 3i::«p
4>3Or Sunset limited— Mondays, Wednrs- ■
days, Prid*y», for Lo» Angeles. El .
Paso N«w » T'sans and New Vork.
ArriTes Sundays. Tnesdsjs ana - --.
- Thursdays « 10:13*
f»:OOp S«n J«»k, Im» Gatos aud l'riiiclpal ;
WaySUtions , (0:flO*
»tS«[> S«b Jimm ana Principal Way Stations G::wp
«:»'»rS.i, Josean.l W»» Statmns... 7-.:iOr
■JiOUp New Orleans Enrrw« — 8«n Lnta ■
■ Obispo. Santa H*r>>ars. If* An- ■'." ■ >..
eeles, I) mfng. El I'aso, New Or- . ,
lain* siid East „. 7:304
qll^3r San .lonenml Way KUtlotts 7;30>
A Tor Morning P for Afternoon
tRnn<lar ezceptad. J Sunday only. ■ .' '
a Saturday auly ?•;. / Tuesfliys lind Fridays^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
IjEJSSEHIS
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAIlWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
Pan Francisco to ban -Rafael. '
WEXS DAT&-7AI. »iflO. H:00 a. m.; 12:iS
8:30. 6:10, «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra • trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:a4
' and 11 -.SO p. m. ' ■ •.
BUNDATS-8UK), 1:20. 11 ;M a. m.; 1:30. 3:«t
6:00. 6:20 p. m. , . "
San Rafao! to San Francisco. '•■-■--*.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
3:40. 6:1S p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:3a
■ and S:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:io, 1:40, 11:10 a. m.; v.n, l.iO,
8:05. 6:25 p. m. .
Leave I In Effect I ' Arrive
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901. j San Francisco,
Week i Sun- I I Sao- I Week
Days. I days. | DestinaUon. | daya. [ Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am . Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 aat
6:10 pmf 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm t:20 pra .
- ' '> v - i ». Fulton. I
7:80 am - - Windsor. 10:25 am '
6:00 pm Healdsbur?. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyserville. '
3:33 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland. 10:40 am 10:23 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am and Uklah. J 7:33 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 am J 10:40 am 10:25 azn
S:0O am GuemeTille. 1:2a pm
»:30pm 6:00 pm - " 6:20 pm.
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40am'
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. «:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami- . 110:40 am(W:2i am
3:30 p«i| C:CO pn»| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
Etag?3 connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West -
Eprlngs and White Sulphur Springs.; at Fulton
tor Altrurja; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdalw
(or the Geysers: at Hopland' tor Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelsejrvilte, -CarU-
bad SprlnsS. Soda Bay, Lakepv>rt and Bartlect
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratov*
Eprlngs. Blue Lakes. Laurel D«ll Lake. Witter
Euiines. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter ' Valley.
John Day's. Riverside.' Llerley"s, Buckaell'd, -
gaohedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hoi
Springs, " Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West- :
port, Usal. Willits, Laytonvllle, Cummins,'
Bell's Springs. "Harris. Olsen's,' Dyer, ScotU
and Eureka. • :
E5|yirday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. * * '
Ticket office. GZd Market street. Chronic!*,
building.' «v--.r; ■ ; • " V
H. C. WHIT1NO. R. X. RTAN.
Gea. Manatreiv Qen. Pass. Agt. •
fiOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. 1 Foot of Market St. San Fran. I
«-30 A. 8:0OA. _,.» rrtimJax 1»t« >t WO '-O 0 '• & A; > •*-
1:45 P. 10:00a. *£ 3:0 ° '• S:4 ° p -
1:15 p. *"*i n ? t " 11 : (5:53 p. .
»m>, 8u Awlm J S»m«it »4 Setan. »l.Sa
■ I SekatOOoat «n MAKZEtWZaXSX Mid iiCSAlXrO TXXBX. ..
aBr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
G29 KEARJfY ST. JEstabllshed
in 1S34 for the treatment of I'rlT»to
Diseases. Lent Munhood. Debility or
riivase wearing on body and mind and
Sic In Diseases. The Doctor cures w hen
others fall. Try him. Cnariw low. .
lurf«gaarantffd. Call or Wrli* .
tor. J. Mt-. «XBBoar. aau Francisco. CaL _ •
1112
_'_ . '.y •" • NEWBEAN &•_ LE _rc NS0N .
Ready for Christmas
Gift Selecting — certain it is that nowhere else will its
solution be easier than here — Every department is fully
prepared with a most extensive and elaborate assortment — On
each of our three floors you will find an endless variety of the
choicest articles appropriate for- Christmas Gifts — Superior
Values invite you to-day — part of the news told below.
Leather Goods
Every beautiful and artistic novelty that is made up from
leather is- here — in Purses, Combination Purse and Card
Cases, Letter Cases, Chatelaines, Shopping Bags, Grips,
Suit Cases, Traveling Rolls, etc.
Combination Books— Chatelain Bags— in latest
with sterling silver corners style shapes
Black Seal 75c, $1.00, $1.50 Real Seal $1.25, $1.50, $1.65,
up to $6.00. up to $5.00.
Alligator Skin St.oo, $1.35,
Si. 50 up to $8.00. • Alligator Skin $1.50, $2.25,
Children's Combination $3-oo up to $4.00.
Books-Seal leather 50c- children's chateiaine bags in
Alligator Skin 65c. B , ack and co , ors 5QC> * .
Letter Cases— For men
Black Seal Grain $1.00 and Imported Novelties—
51.25 each. . In the very newest unique
Real Seal Leather $1.50 and and exclusive designs, em-
$2.00 each. . bracing the finest work of
Alligator. Skin $1.75 and European Artists: in Pocket
$2. 50 each. books and Coin purses, suit-
Also some very choice goods — able for Ladies, Gents and
sterling silver mounted. children.
Beautiful Shawls
These were carefully selected— the styles— the colors— the
yarns — the stitches, were all well considered, so that we now
nave an elegant collection for you to choose from — Most
acceptable as Holiday Gifts are these pretty Shawls:
32 x 32 Wool Woven Shawls $ .75
36 x 36 Cashmere Wool Shawls 1.50
54 x 54 Shetland Wool Shawls 2.25
54 x 54 Silk "and Wool Mixed Shawls 2.75
54 x 54 Germantown Wool Shawls 3.00
54 x 54 All Silk Shawls 4.75.
Men's Lounging or Bathing Robes
Whether for personal use or as a present you will, find it to
advantage to see the values we are now giving in Turkish
Crash, Eiderdown and Blanket Cloth Robes — prices ranging
from $3.25 to $15.00 each.
Silk Sale— To-Day-
Closing out sale of Rich Stylish Silks, comprising fancy
striped Taffetas, Tussors and Grenadines, Fancy Black
Taffetas, Warp prints and Novelty Silks— That originally
sold from 75c to $1.25 a yard — on sale to-day at
50c a yard
Flannels and Flannelettes
New Fancy Flannels — in Flannelettes in the neatest
solid colors with pretty silk of this season's stripes and
corded stripe— one of this checks— suitable for ladies'
, , . , . . house gowns and children's
season's most popular fabrics wear _4 a large assortment
for ladies' waists— a very of colors — Price while they
superior quality at 75c a yard, last 10c a yard.
Glove Orders purchased here
will t>e honored in any dep't
Commencing Saturday Evening December 14th,
This Store will remain open evenings until Christmas
=— — I ffcara p and Sutter Streets \-
SAY KERSHOW'S
PACE WAS FAST
Baloon-Keepers Tell How
Yale Student Got :
Rid of Cash.
Moses Gctz, a saloon-keeper, testified
yesterday in the Kershow will contest
case. He said Kershow spent a great
deal of time in his saloon, and that he
frequently spent as high as ;i50 In one
night for liquors. Getz also said that he
visited Kershow at Tortoni's almost
every day from January 1, 1901, to the
day of the collegian's death, in June,
190L He also testified that Kershow
owed him a great deal of money at times,
and that he never was free from indebt
edness for more than twenty-four hours.
Henry Simmons, a bartender employed
by Getz, corroborated his employer's tes
timony. The mixologist also said he
dined with Kershow quite frequently He
also grave it as his opinion that Max's
mind was sound.
Charles S. Green, another saloon
keeper, testified that Kershow visited his
resort a number of times. Green said
Kershow seemed to have a fondness for
white wine.
M. F. Michael attorney for the con
testants, was called by Attorney Tauszky
Michael testified that he drew from the
Crocker-Woolworth Bank on July 18 190L
S266 05, the balance of the money remain^
ing in the bank in Max Kershow*s name
He said he drew the amount on a check
signed by J. Henry Kershow as -executor
of the last will of Max Kerenow. .
The case will go on to-day.
Veterans Elect Officers.
At a regular meeting of Camp Reinhold
Bichter, Spanish-American War Vete
rans, held last Tuesday, December 10, the
following officers were » elected for the
ensuing year: Commander, ,T. ' P. O'Brien
vice senior commander, G« W. Hollister;
vice lunior commander, E. Finnegan; ad
jutant, T. W. Costello; chaplain, J. Cana
van; officer of the day. . H. Larkin ; offi
cer of the guard, T. Larsen; trustees— H.
Jjemeteyer, W. Wall and J. Brady.* At
the emoker and high jinks which fol
lowed many exciting battles 'were re
hearsed by the veterans and campaign
ppngii were sung.
JOHN ABRQOK
CHARGES FRAUD
Accuses Clara Ellis of
Trying to Decamp
With Funds.
Clara Ellis, who was appointed admin
istratrix of the estate of Mary Abrock.
is accused Of endeavoring to decamp with
the funds left by Mrs. Abrock. John
Abrock made the accusation yesterday,
and Judge Sloss, after reading the affi
davit filed by the accuser, issued an or
der directipg the woman to appear in
court and tender an account of her stew
ardship. .
According to the affidavit, Clara Ellis
applied for and secured special letters of
administration upon Mrs. Abrock's es
tate December 7 of this year. The estate
consists of money in various banks
amounting to $25,000. . .■ • <
Immediately after receiving authority
from the court, the affiant avers, Clara
Ellis visited the banks and drew the
money and then prepared to leave the
State. . -
The special letters, claims Abrock, were
obtained by fraud, and in his affidavit he
avers (that the bond of $1500 under which
the woman was placed is inadequate.
The charge made by Abrock is a seri
ous one and is supported - by the testi
mony of several friends of the deceased.
Judge Sloss issued a writ of attachment
and Sheriff's deputies are now in search
of the accused woman.
Shoplifter Convicted.
Frank Gulcher, who, according to the
police, is a confirmed shoplifter, wate con
victed by Judge Conlan yesterday, on a
charge' of petty larceny and will be sen
tenced this morning. He was ordered into
custody without bail. October 16 he and
a confederate went into Joe Poheim's
store on. Sutter street, and while the con
federate kept the salesman in conversa
tion Gulcher walked out with^a bolt of
cloth under his overcoat. The confederate
escaped.
Every, original package of Jesse Moore Whis
key la guaranteed absolutely pure by Jesse
Moore Hunt Co. - . •
THE SAN FKANClSCCi CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1901:
COMMENCES S ENSATION A L SUIT
TO RECOVER VALUABLE ESTATE
Walter Harrison of Orland,' Glenn County, Claims That He Is the
Natural Son of the Late Bachelor H; W. C. Nelson, and a
Bitter Contest With lnteresting ; ;D]sclosures Is Now Certain
pTp«aHE filing of a, suit in the Superior
.11 Court, of Glenn County" by. Walter
I . Harrison to recover the $150,000 es-
JJ» tate of the late H. W. C. Nelson
on the ground that he is the
only son of the deceased has created
a genuine sensation in and about Willows
and Or^and. where the parties to the
action live and are -well known. # ' ■
Nelson was a bachelor farmer who lived
four miles from Orland for nearly forty
years prior to his death In May, 1900. Har
rison is 23 years of age and until the
action in question was brought was gen
erally supposed to be tne son of Mr. and
Mrs. Harrison, both of whom are now liv
ing on the Nelson farm. It is said Mrs.
Harrison admits that Nelson was the
father of the plaintiff In the present
action, and that there is abundant testi
mony to prove the nature of the relation
ship of Nelson and Mrs. Harrisan for
many years, and that the contestant is in
fact the son of the deceased capitalist
farmer.
Nelson was a native of Missouri and 70
years of asre at the time of his death. He
settled in "Glenn County about I860, and
took up a place on Stony Creek,. where he
began to farm and raise cattle with a part
ner named McClannahan. The latter be
came 'a squaw man, and married an In
dian woman of more or less beauty. On
her death some" years later McClannahan
married again, and considerable domestic
trouble followed. Nelson wept for the
misfortunes of his partner, and vowed he
would never marry. This vow he kept,
but his celibacy seems not to . have pre
vented the trouble after his death which
he declined to invite during his lifetime.-.
Employs a Housekeeper. ■■' ''-. : : :';'.
A few years after beginning his faou-
Ing operations near Orland, Nelson. fotHr.I
it necessary to employ assistance.' One
day Mr. and Mrs. Harrison came to^tha,
farm and requested employment. The man
was strong, and the woman was fair to
look upon. The result of the meeting was
the employment of the couple, the man to
work about the place and the woman to
serve as housekeeper. Soon after the Har
risons took up their residence with Nel
son the neighbors observed that NeLion
paid considerable attention to the wife of
his hired man. As the latter never made
any complaint, the neighbors had no fault
to find. And thus things went on for
thirty years.
Nelson died full of honors in May, 1900.
WELLS CLASHES
WITH TREASURER
Brooks Declares Auditor
Plots to Have Son" '
Retained. ~i
Treasurer Brooks and Auditor "Wells
had -another clash yesterday, which re
sulted In some interesting disclosures*.
Wells made a declaration that he wa3
consulting with his attorneys with a view
toward holding Brooks, responsible for
paying coupons of Dupont-street bonus,
and the latter retaliated by charging the
Auditor with scheming to have his son,
William Wells, who is now his deputy,
appointed to a deputyship in his office
before the father retires from political
The trouble between the two city offi
cials was precipitated when Brooks was
informed that Wells had intimated that
he would decline to accept Brooks'—ac
counts covering the payments of Dupont
street bond coupons and that tne Treas
urer would be held responsible on his
bond for 'the money which he had paid
out. Incidentally Wells remarked that
Brooks would have to make good the
moneys he had paid out on court orders
which had not been countersigned by the
Auditor.
Treasurer Filled "With Anger.
As soon as Brooks learned of the Au
ditor's intentions he fairly bristled with
anger and said:
What is the matter with that old man? He
has been talkinff asrain. .Why, he certainly
knows that : he has absolutely nothing- to | do
with the payment of the DuDont-street bond
coupons. The Supreme Court has decided that
the city is not liable for their payment. The
property-owners in the district- affected were
assessed to pay for the improvement, : but they
either refuse to do so on the ground that the
bonds are illegal or else they pay under pro
test. The latter was the : case of a property
owner who recently desired to sell, and as
funds were thus made available to redeem
some of the cusons I paid out some $2000 on
bonds in the order of their registration. • I am
clearly within the law and do not fear the
Auditor's threats.
It teems that Wells is always making
trouble of some kind. I know that the reason
for his holding up the demand of Daniel Gor
dan and Henry Zemansky, who were promoted
by resolution of the Supervisors to $160 posi
tions in the Registrar's ft that Wells
Is endeavoring to coerce Mayor Phelan into
recommending; that an additional deputyshlp
be created in the Auditor's office before he re
tires. His object is to make a place for his
son. who is now his chief deputy and who will
be retired with his father.. The scheme is to
oust one of the clerks receiving $100 ■ per
month and to raise the position to the dignity
of a deputyshlp at a salary of $125.
Brooks Informs the Mayor.
I told Mayor Phelan that he should not be a
party to such a plot as he could not afford to
do it, simply for the sake of. having the de
mands of Gordan and Zomansky audited. Why,
Wells' has refused to sign the demand of a
clerk in my office, G. A. Harris, who Is re
quired to- pay rebates to small holders of per
sonal property. Harris is working at the risk
of not receiving: any pay, but if he should quit
the payment of the rebates would cease with
him, as I have no other clerk to do the work.
I told ' the Mayor, however, not to let that
stand in the way of his refusing: to consent to
"Wells' little scheme, and I trust' it will not
be consummated.
far aa the payment of court orders are
concerned, I acted under the Code of Civil
Procedure, which permits the payment of court
orders on direct presentation to the Treasurer.
If the courts are called upon to decide that
end of the dispute I have no doubt that I will
be upheld. ' "
. * ■ ' . «
The best short story Bret
Harte ever wrote. It will ap-
pear in the Christmas edition
of The Call next Sunday.
Don't miss it! -
High. Schools to Debate.
A debate will be held in the audltcrrium
of the Girls'. High School on Tuesday
evening next between teams from the
Oakland High School and the Lowell High
School of > this city. The question will
be "Resolved, That the Liberty of the
Press Should Be ■: Curtailed." -The Oak
land High School will support the affirm
ative with Messrs. Culver, Weston and
Clay, and the Lowell High School the
negative with Miss < Hazel Steen, ■■- M. A.
Dernham and Joseph P. Lucy as its rep
resentatives. The judges will be ex-Judge
C W. Slack, Judge Gibson of Oakland
and Professor Davidson of the San;Fran
cisco Normal School. •;. • - .
Seeks to Enjoin Wittman.
Paul Vincent applied to the Superior
Court yesterday for an : Injunction ; re
straining Chief of. Police Wittman and
his officers from invading his premises at
1129 Dupont street. Vincent Is the lessee
of a number of houses in the rear of this
place that are occupied by women of ill
fame.
To-Day at 9 a. m.
The great Bankrupt Clothing Sale , of
A. Brick & Co. will start. '•■ Be around and
have your pick of $20 men's all-wool suits
and . overcoats for $4.65 ■ at the Boston," 773
Market street; near. Fourth. ; ; • -
The Harrisons were present at his .bed
side, and Mrs. Harrison closed his eyes
when the fatal summons came. After the
funeral a will was looked for, but none
could be found. Those who were active In
the search for the document were four
half-brothers named Nelson, Mrs. High
tower, a half-sister; Mary Nelson and
Hallie Short, nieces, all living at Orland.
In addition to these there' is a nephew
named Dr. ! Johnson living In Texas.
All of the interested people were ■ noti
fied of the situation, and with their .con
sent W. W. Nelson was appointed admin
istrator of the estate, and in due course
notice to creditors was given and the
other legal formalities pending the settle
ment of a large estate were gone through
with under the supervison of the Probate
Court.
it apepars that after the probate pro
ceedings were instituted, young Harrison
claimed an interest in a lot of hogs be
longing to the estate, and as his claims
were not recognized suit was brought
The action resulted in a verdict against
Harrison. He then brought an action to
recover wages which he claimed Nelson
ov/ed him, but this action likewise failed
for. lack of legal proof. The affairs of
the estate and the Interests of the heirs
at-law were guarded by Attorney Frank
Freeman of San Francisco and Attorney
C. L.. Donohue of Willows.
Claims of the 'Alleged Son.
Although the troubles existing between
young Harrison and Nelson's heirs had
occasioned considerable gossip through
out Glenn County the dispute was nearly
forgotten when the filing by Harrison of
his . sensational suit revived popular in
terest in the case. That , Harrison is a
picture of Nelson as he was in his life
time,' even the Nelsons who are resisting
his claim are forced to admit. They will
admit also that young Harrison has many
of the characteristics of the dead Nelson,
not the least important of which are per
sistency and obstinacy. These admissions,
however, count for nothing, as Harrison's
relationship to the dead bachelor is a
matter of legal proof which must be ad
duced in court, if it is honed to win the
suit. This the heirs of Nelson allege Is
impossible, unless perhaps Mrs. Harrison
is willing to take the stand and. testify
that her son Walter is Nelson's son and
not the son of her legal husband, whose
paternity of five other children is not dis
puted.
That there are some of the Nelsons .who
believe the* allegation of Harrison as to
his relationship to the dead capitalist Is
evidenced by the fact that Mary Nelson
SAILS IN QUEST
OF HIDDEN GOLD
F. D. Spaulding Tells of
the Mission of the
W. S. Phelps.
Gllding "out of San Francisco harbor
without a word of explanation as to her
destination, the mission of the schooner
W. S. Phelps occasioned much comment
on Saturday, and rumors have been added
to until they have been magnified Into
proportions alarming and even bristling
with the acute possibilities of internation
al complications. Captain R." W. Nye be
fore sailing was reticent and the crew
bore themselves as phantoms. Were they
bound for South America to aid one side
or the other of the combating- forces? or
if the reported capture of the British gold
fields in the Northwest Territory by an
armed band was about to be realized
their movements could not have been
more .mysterious.
Others asked, was it the expedition of
a bold party of fortune .seekers to seme
as yet undeveloped Eldorado dotting ;he
Southern seas?
That a mystery was and is observed in
the movements and the ultimate desti
nation of the schooner is not doubted.
F. D. Spaulding of Tehama street, who
Chartered the ship and In whose bosom
rests the secret, gives assurances of the
legitimacy of the expedition. But still the
lovers of mystery are groping deep in
doubt and speculation. Speaking ; of the
matter yesterday Spaulding said:
"There is positively no mystery sur
rounding the departure of the ship ,W. S.
Phelps. She was chartered from Captain
William Johnson by myself, several of
those aboard .her and certain other parties
in this city, but whose names I absolutely
decline to divulge. I will go so far as to
say that we have what we believe to be
reliable information relative to a deposit
of gold the location of which I nor any
of my associates will divulge until we
have prospected and secured concessions.
There has been so much said that I am
pleased to have the opportunity through
The Call to deny emphatically the reports
that have been circulated as to any mys
terious packages or any mystery of ariy
sort being connected with the enterprise.
It is strictly a legitimate business propo
sition, and the report to the contrary
which has been circulated in certain quar
ters is unwarranted and has caused an-
n "Asked ' at -what hour the-W. S Phelps
sailed from San Francisco Spaulding said
it was 9:30 .a. m. Spaulding further said
in reply. to a question that there was no
stranger aboard before or after leaving
port to his knowledge.: She will probably
not touch at any port for three months
from the date bf sailing. .
.Captain R. W. Nye, the skipper, Is an
old whaling captain and is well known on
the coast. As to the story of the ciew
or any part of it having at one time been
shipwrecked and marooned Spaulding de
nied the. whole thing as a romance with
not even a ghost of a foundation. He ad
mits, however, that the veteran Captain
Nye furnished the .Particulars.^ whicn
prompted and -promoted the expedition.
On being a»ked if there were arms and
ammunition aboard, Spaulding admitted
that such was the case, but only^ what
might be actually needed by the crew for
hunting purposes. • ' .
Spaulding said the crew was_ composed
of R. W. Nye, captain; W. P. Noyes, first
mate; G. U. Stevens, Fred Dyer, Henry
Smith, Frank JLukzie and John Wllbuiiv.
The ship carries provisions for si^
months. ■ : - ■'-'/■
Clayton Acquitted.
\ The case of the Government against
Charles L. Clayton/charged with embez
zlement, was given to the jury yesterday
afternoon by United States District Judge
de Haven, and the jury returned a ver
dict of acquittal. Clayton was accused^of
having appropriated J1206 0&, while quar
termaster's clerk on board the transport
Sheridan.' He introduced • testimony -to
show that the accounts and funds of^ the
Government were, kept in a very ■ slipshod
fashion on board the Sheridan and that
the safe in. the office -had. been /left open
one rilght after he had gone off duty by
his superior officer, Captain Sawteile. .•
Christmas' Holidays in Mexico.
' Southern (Pacific special train leaves
San Francisco -December 18, , Los Angeles
December I!).' reaching. Mexico in time for
the holiday s celebrations. Round trip San
Francisco, $80: "'Los Angeles, $70.. Person
ally ; conducted: • Dining car. . > Pullman
sleepers. Limit 60 days. \ Low. side ..trip
rates. Optional 1 , itineraries.; Make reser
vations 613 Market street. San Francisco,"
261 South Soring street. Loa Aneeles.
Cfuellv l Beat Her Boy.
Mrs. Nettie .Miller, 60 Hancock 'street,
was .. arrested i yesterday/ on .«. a '.warrant
charging ', her ■ with " cruelty, . to ■ children/
The ' complaining' witness is, Officer Mc-
Murray I of the California Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty -to Children; She
is accused of administering a brutal beat
ing to her son;; Charles, 7. years of age.
De Longpre's Flower Pointings. ■..
Exhibition will] continue .till Saturday, at
Kennedy," & Rabjohn's, 21 ■ Post street.
Open : evenings. \ '■ . ; ■38iS3851$fs|iii&^
and Hallie Short, the two nieces, -who
are each entitled to a one-seventh inter
est to the estate, have taken up his
fight and cast their lots with him as
against the other heirs at law. Powers
of attorney and deeds have passed be
tween the litigants, so that in the event
of Harrison winning his suit the two
nieces will be amply provided for, while
the others will receive nothing. The at
titude of the parties to the action Is such
that a bitter legal contest is assured
when the case comes to trial.
Wrote to Mrs. Harrison.
The friends of Harrison claim there Is
no question that he is the son of ' Nel-
Bon. They declare that Nelson repeatedly
admitted the relationship, and that he
always spoke of Mrs. Harrison in
terms of the warmest endearment.
That his relations with Mrs. Har
rison were intimate and of : long
standing, it is alleged, was common gos
sip for years. Nelson sometimes left Or
land for trips to San Francisco, and on
these occasions it is said he would write
to Mrs. Harrison and inquire with solici
tude as to the welfare of "my boy Wal
ter." It is claimed that many witnesses
will bo produced to whom Nelson made
avowals. that Walter was his son. These
are some of the allegations of Harrison's
complaint now on file in the clerk's of
fice at Willows. ,
The parties to the action are prominent
in Glenn County business and social cir
cles. It is this fact which has centered
public interest upon the forthcoming trial
of "the suit.. Mrs. Harrison 'has • not been
Interviewed, but it is said by Harrison's
friends that she will be the- leading wit
ness in the case. Considerable curiosity
is expressed as to the nature of the tes
timony to be given by her in her son's
behalf.
If the allegations as made in the com
plaint filed by Harrison are borne out by
the evidence ■ the case will parallel that
of young Frederick Baldwin, who was
declared the illegitimate son of the late
Congressman William A. Piper, and
whose claim was compromised by the ad
ministrators of the Piper estate, for some
$250,000. Harrison's adherents claim the
evidence at his disposal ia incontroverti
ble. The principal point to be made by
him is his wonderful resemblance to the
deceased capitalist.
The Nelson estate consists of large land
holdings, livestock;' cash in the Bank of
Orland, of. which Nelson was vice presi
dent, stocks, bonds arid other securities
amounting to a little less than $150,000.
PAY WITH COIN
FOR INFLUENCE
Sensation Develops in
"Morgan City" In
surance Suit.
A sensati.on was caused yesterday in
the United States Circuit Court in the
hearing of the suit brought by the
Joseph Ladue Gold Mining and Develop
ment Company against ; 'the Frankfort
Marine Insurance Company \ to recover
the sum of $18,888 arising: out of the loss
of the transport Morgan City ' off the
coast of Japan.
A letter was Introduced by the defense
to show that the plaintiff company was
not the sole party interested in the char
tering' of the transport to the Government,
as it had claimed, but that some fine
"pulling of wires" had taken place in the
East in order to induce the War Depart
ment to charter the Morgan City.
The letter in question was written by
E. F. Botsford, .treasurer of the Ladue
Mining Company, to Messrs. Barneson
and Chilcott, its agents in Seattle, and is
as follows:
. An Incriminating Letter.
20 Nassau St.. New York, March 30, 1899.
' Yours with vouchers, etc., duly received and
contents noted. An article came out in yes
terday's paper saying that the Twenty-first In
fantry will sail from San Francisco on or about
April 18 on the transport , Hancock, now on
its way from Manila. The Hancock is large
enough to take the whole reelment and was
chosen instead of the Morgan City for that rea
son. There had - been previous orders issued,
we understand, for the Twenty-first to sail on
the Morgan City. We have received no infor
mation from the Government or from our peo-
BUV
Holiday Presents .To-Day;.
Don't wait for the rush, buy now — look
over this list of useful presents: goods
can be exchanged any time.
<t K.pO PEAU DE SOIE SILK WAISTS
f" all colors: elegant styles; latest
effects; regular $7.00 quality
<trO.UA FINE ALBATROSS FLANNEL
***** WAISTS; handsomely embroid-
ered In sillc; beautiful open work de-
signs, through which Is seen an un-
derlining of finely tucked White Taffeta
• Silk; considered good value at $6.00.
NtCK>RUFFS AND JABOTS.
Just received! The latest novelties. In
Liberty Silk Accordeon Plaited Neck
Buffs, elegant effects In all the prevail-
ing colors. Including Frenchy combination
In Black and White; prices from 50c to
$0.00 — Prices and styles can not be ex-
celled. , ,. . .
FOR THE LITTLE FOLKS.
Our Children's Cloak '< Department is
complete with all that's new and novel in
this season's styles — full line- of Auto-
mobile Cloaks, Box Cloaks and other ef-
fects; we're sure we can please you In
this department. Prices from #2.25 to
$8.00; sizes 2 to 12 years. We also^carry'
an exquisite line of Infants' : long , and
short Bedford ' Cord Cloaks, Cashmere 'and
, Silk Cloaks at popular prices ' WJ 1
CHILDREN'S HEADWEAR.
. This department; is ;on« of the main
features of our holiday display.' We- car-
ry a beautiful • selection, ; enabling us to
offer . to our . patrons the . latest issue In '
-• pretty, , dainty ;*i styles ,' from fashion's
realm at our usual pleasing prices
HANDKERCHIEF SALE. ,
j . A . Pretty Box ' "given away S free with
every ; six handkerchiefs. -•-..■ . .
«Or ' For dainty HEMSTITCHED
I \J V/ EMBROIDERED INDIA LINEN
• HANDKERCHIEFS. . • •.•■:>•
1OV Good quality .INDIA LINEN.
IZ2V HANDKERCHIEFS .embroid-
ery, or lace ' -• ': .
1 Sir» For extra fine ■ INDIA LINEN'
luv s ' . HANDKERCHIEFS. embroid - *
' ■-■••'ery or lace; regular value 20c. ■
fi\E linen handkerchiefs.^.
OAr F «r regular -25c quality ,EM-
4UC BROIDERY. HEMSTITCHED
: or LACE HANDKERCHIEFS.'- Cj*: -
OPEr* For regular. 33c quality . EM-
iZOti;; BROIDERY. HEMSTITCHED
, .or LACE HANDKERCHIEFS.' ■ ■, ■
:QPC>> -■-.-. ";. For regrular 4Kc quality EM-
Ot>C BROIDERY. HEMSTITCHED
/or LACE HANDKERCHIEFS.
=[/>>. , For regular G5c quality EM-
OUC, 'broidery, hemstitched
..''or LACE HANDKERCHIEFS. -
P5Or» For MEN'S BEST QUALITY
OV- JAPANESE SILK HANDKER-
; :CHIEFS, regular value 75c. • ■ ;-*:.
A > bag -of sweets given to, each child
accompanied . by ' an adult . visiting our.
' OPEN TO-NIGHT AND EVERY NIGHT
/ TILL XMAS.
1212:1214 MARKET ST.,
. Between Taylor and Jones.-
Open Evenings Now. t- ♦
The best time to come is in J 5 c / J
the mornings. We are all- {MaglC LanfefllS, 39C>j
fresher, and, besides, you'll ; ~ ~ ~*.
- , , . , i hey always have been 50c; marked
find more to see— and more down to-day to lend interest to the
time to see it. d ? ys busi ness. Stands II inches
-. " . T , high; have 6 slides.
. JtSUt come any time. It S a Others worth your consideration are
big relief to know that in the MAG ic lantebns 69c _ 12
u it. ' » ' i. ■ • t-- u inches high, with 12 slides; painted
rush there s a store in which red.
you're safe— a store that gives magic lantebns 0Sc— The up-
vou all the time vnii want alter V s style ' Wl^ h 12 sIides and S°9 d
you an me time you wane auer i ens; attractively finished. ,JT
you're home to make up your ° ther styles, 39c to $18.50.
• j 1 ., . "" They make splendid crifts
mind whether or not you want ._ v K .
to keep what you've bought. JW-Jjjj.- Ti^u Cl OK I
We'd rather right a wrong l nniM S 31.^3. j
than make a sale. to-day for the first time
Now's the time to test —It's such a big desk, so well made
tt 1 y tt j j e an d so low-priced to-day that if
Hale s. Hundreds of new cus- vou want a desk to ffive f y 0T c £ h £
tomers are doing it — to their mas vou cant afford to overlook it.
,• r .• l ~ Of hard wood; 22 inches hizh- the
baxibidcuon. t O p measures 17x19 inches; has a
double blackboard combination. It's
GLOVE ORDERS are ideal gifts. , a desk you'd expect to see at $2.00;
They are issued and honored at we've marked to-day, for the first
any of Hale's California stores. time, $1.25.
Silk Beaver Hats, $1.95.
Less than, cheap cotton, beaver ones.
As fresh and pretty and stylish as they can be — just out of the. boxe3.
Not one of them shabby or hurt in any way — worth just as much as those
you paid four dollars for.
3 shapes for Women and Children.
Gainsborough for women or children; short back sailor with rolling
brim for women; and big flats for children.
P. S. — If you buy a dollar's worth of trimming we'll put it on free of
charge — You'll have a swell hat. */
$1.25 Dolls at 98c.
It's the doll surprise of the week. ■
Some folks have been buying them who expected to pay $1.50. "
It's seldom that you'll find such perfect featured, finely finished dolls at
98c. They're KESTNE2, DOLLS— that's the secret. If you want a good
doll always buy a Kestner.
' These have long curly hair that's put on to stay; eyes that open and
shut, as well as shoes and stockings.
Could you ask for a better doll bargain than that?
pie here. There are certain commissions due to
the people who worked at thia end and It ia ab
solutely necessary that money should be for
warded to us, so that we can meet these ob
ligations. We wrote you some time since ask
ing when* the Government made payments and
when we should expect remittances.
We ' must have those remittances forwarded
to us as soon as possible, so as to be in a po
sition to placate the parties here -who are In
terested In the boat's charter. We have not
received our remittances from: Dawson yet, as
expected, although the funds are there in the
shape of dust.
Other Parties Needed Money.
Mr. Lyon loaded on about 100 pounds, but
was unable to come out with it and had to
leave it. He has gone back and we have for
warded him instructions to exchange the dust
into drafts and send it out. but it will not
reach us in time to meet the engagements and
commissions on the Morgan City and other
matters which we have contracted, relying' upon
a return from the steamship's charter. Kindly
let me bear from you at once, either by tele
graph or letter, and oblige.
What rates are being- quoted from your city
to Dawson by the tray of St. Michael for
freight, also from St. ,- Michael to Dawson on
river boats?
Will you be in a position to take forty* or
Sfty tons now at St. Michael? If so, at what
rate? Kates are being: quoted from Vancouver
by the way of the Pass to us at very reasonable
rates, 'and it ia yet a question which way we
shall send the supplies which we expect to
purchase. Yours very truly,
E. F. BOTSFORD, Treasurer.
The Ladue Mining Company owned the
Morgan City when she was leased to the
"United States Government for transport
work. Captain John Barneson and Rich
ard Chilcott of Seattle, Wash., acted as
agents for the company, in the charter of
the steamship. «Barneson is now in the
transport service in this city, and the in
surance company sets up a defense that
the charter contract was void, as Barno
son was a Government employe at the
time the Government renewed the steam
ship's charter. Barneson claimed; how
ever, that he made over his interest in
the firm to his father as soon as ■ he was
appointed to the transport service. Judge
Morrow ruled that John Barneson. was
not a Government employe in the sense
that would render the charter contract
void. ■
Should the Fankfort Insurance Com
pany ask that the deposition of. Botsford
be taken in New York some interesting
evidence will be forthcoming as to the
identity of the parties who were "Inter
ested" in the charter of the Morgan City
and who had to be "placated."
DR. BOWERS , THREATENS •
TO KILL A TAILOR
Engages in Altercation With. M.
Sidlowski About a Suit of
Clothes.
Dr. J. Milton Bowers, who was the
central figure in one of the most sensa
tional criminal cases In this city about
twenty years ago, Is wanted by the police
on a charge of threats to kill.- The com
plaining witness is M. Sldlowskl, tailor.
411% Kearny street, who swore to the
complaint in Judge Conlan's court yes
terday.
Sldlowski told the Judge tnat he had
made a suit of clothes for Bowers, and
the doctor called at the store yesterday
morning with his wife and complained
that the suit had not been made of the
material ; he had selected, which Sld
lowski denied. Bowers got very angry,
and, putting his hand in his hip pocket,
said: "I'll fix you." A young man grab
bed hold of Bowers' arm, and after be
ing released Bowers seized a pair . of
shears and made for the tailor, threat
ening to kill him.
Sldlowski hurried out of the store and
made his way as quickly as possible to
the Hall of Justice. He waj very much
excited, and said he was afraid Bowers
would carry his threat into execution.
"When an officer went to the store with
the warrant Bowers had disappeared.
IMMIGRATION AGENT FOB.
THE SOUTHERN PACITIC
Traffic Director Stubbs Appoints
George McKinney of Chicago to
the New Office.
J. C. Stubbs of Chicago, traffic director
of the Harriman roads, has issued a cir
cular making a. number of appointments
In the Southern Pacific Company. A
new office, . that of emml&ration agent,
has been created and George M. McKin
ney of Chicago has beeen appointed to
M." L. Robbins has been appointed gen
eral passenger and freight agent of the
Texas territory and T. J. Anderson assist
ant general passenger agent of lines .in
Texas and of territory from El Paso to
New Orleans. C.W.-Murphey has been
appointed division passenger agent" of the
Houston, and Texas Central.
Suit for Damages Commenced.
The trial of the suit for $50,000 damages
instituted ~ by "William Bone against the
Ophir Silver Mining and the
Mexican Silver, , and Gold lllning Com
pany was commenced s before a jury In
Judge Hunt's court yesterday. Bone lost
his eyesight and was otherwise perma
nently injured by the explosion of a blast
in the mines of the companies at Vir
ginia City in Aprll.1900. He claims he was
not notified that an unexploded blast re
mained in the mine. /When he com
menced work he struck It with his pick
and exploded It.
SPECIAL SALE
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY J
giE^o^^^Ncr 25^^^ -;
BLEND COFFEE" AND RESPECT-
TRT I CUP ITE T ° U T ° CALL AND
Ideal Coffee Pots
2pts. 3pts. 5pt*. Tpts-
QOc 9Oc $1.OO ©1.13
These are beautiful nickel- T""^
plated Coffee Pots, requiring less
coffee than any others and ara the
only ones made on strictly scientific
principles.
Regularly $1 10. $1 20, $1 33 and |1 30.
Hams, Ib............l3^c
. Finest Eastern sugar-cured.
Regularly : 15c. • - " • .
Creamery Butter, 2 lbs 45c
Strictly fancy.
Cluster Raisins, 2 lbs. .25e
Choice Fresno Table Raisins.
Prunes, F s r $ c c h 6 lbs. . . . ,25c
Grown In Santa Clara County.
; Best obtainable.
Sugar Wafers, tin 25e *
Dresden Sugar "Wafers.
assorted flavors.
Regularly 30c.
O.K. WMsiey, bot. 75c, 3 bots. .$2.00
: ?7««'~^ Gallon, $3.00
Old. pure and nutritious.
Regularly $1 00 and $4 00.
Navel uranges, doz. . . .25g .
Fancy Plaeervllle Navel * Vfk
Oranges. Regularly 35c. y , ' >?7
A GRAND DISPLAY OF TREE DECORA-
TIONS BON BON3 AND HOLIDAY DEU-
C A CUES. ■>*.
OPEN EVENINGS. i
Country orders given prompt attention. - -
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Market.
TELEPHONE JMAIN B522.
LAST DAYS
OF THE GREAT
AUCTION
ORIENTAL
RUGS *
Thnrsday, Friday, and Satnrday.
at 2 and 8 p. m.
AH who are interested in Rugs and all who
desire to purchase the genuine for home u»e
or fcr a gift should not fall to attend this last
sale. Any rug will be put up and sold abso-
lutely -without reserve. M. B. MIHRAN.
331 POST ST.. NEAR POWELL.
GIVE NETV/ SIGHT FOR XMAsff
MAKE a present that win .
be highly appreciated for <ffis*£g > *^^
MANY YEABS TO ft^T
COMET Mayerle's Superior 'J^Z^^-
-Quality Eyeglasses are the llSr^wv.
only - ones Indorsed by the JJS^S** *
highest U. S. ■ Army. Navy \!JPP
and Government officials. >t .
"Will b« sent by express, with
privilege of trying them before paying any
charges. Prices $5. $10 and $15. When order-
ing state age, occupation, also whether glasses
ara wanted for reading or to see off. GEORGE
MATEULE. Graduate German Expert Optician.
1071^ Market st.. near Seventh. S. F-. Tel.
South 572. German Eyewater. 50c.
WHIPS, ROBES, BLANKETS'-
FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Novelties— many of them Im-
ported—all new— most any price.
5JJJDEBAKER RROSfOMPANY
. r OF CALIFORNIA.
Market and Tenth St*.* •} /_
DR.MCMJLTY:
rr-HIS WETX-KNOWN AND RKLIABtJ*«* O
L fcpw-ialisteiire*Blood Poison, Oonorrho*a tf*t.
Stricture, Seminal Weakness, ImpotencoanrV»V»lr
•Hied Disorders. Book on I>U«sS^M^J$S2
Over20years>xperience.Tenns reasonable Hniiri
9to3daiIy;6:30to8.30eT'gs. Sunda^ioS Ki'SnsuT:
tatlon free and sacredly confidential: C»U or address *
P. BO8COE MeNUIiTY, 31. D.
8©J£ Kearny StV San Francisco. CaL '