the Autumn Fetes
Notable Festivity to
Make Most Glorious
NATIVE SONS IN MOST BRILLIANT REGALIA
WILL MARCH IN THE CITY OF GARDENS
Flags Are Making a
Brilliant Showing in
the Thoroughfares
Immense Barbecue Is
to Be Prepared for
the Host of Guests
MEMBERS OF. " L COMMITTEES
OF THE NATIVE ' SONS' IN _|
'SAN JOSE.'., •-'¦-¦
i Grand Marshal Taaffe > of San Francisco
arrived this afternoon.' - He went over the
line of march and conferred with the com
mittee regarding the celebration. A re-
Aside from this outward display, in the
various halls ¦ and headquarters the local
parlors and the visitors will' dispense hos
pitality and cheer. Open house will be
kept, and there ¦ will be music and danc
ing. At no less than twenty places will
receptions be almost 'continuously' held.'
There will be no dull spell, and everybody
will be made to feel at home, r • ,
the city a' gala appearance. . Over all the
business streets these colors flutter. , Other
decorations "are" being; put up. j These will
form a fitting canopy for the thousands
of gayly dressed Native Sons and Daugh
ters, to march ' under. '.The festive spirit
of the- occasion is spreading, and the peo
ple of the Garden City are preparing a
joyous welcome 'for the visitors.
I Sunday afternoon— At 2 p. ni. Sunday after
noon a; baseball game will be" played, at the
bicycle .track', on ; the Alameda between a
picked nine from Marshall Parlor of San Fran-
"Sunday .morning at Native Sons' Hall, at. D
o'clock the Native Daughters will < assemble
and will " be escorted to i Santa' Clara street,
where at 9:30 they will- take -a. chartered train
to Alum Hock. At . Alum ' Rock ' a light lunch
will be served them. They return at 12:30
p. m. . -...:.'•¦. : . ': • ': - •. .
Sunday— Native Sons will form in a body at
9:30 at the corner of First and Santa Clara
streets and with a. band will march to the
Agricultural Park on ¦ the Alameda, where a
bull's'' head breakfast will be had, the hours
of the breakfast ' being from 9:30 to 12 : tn. , .
. Ed -.Younger has. been chosen as chairman of
the Native ' Sons', reception. committee and Miss
Tillle Brohaska as chairman of the Daughters'
reception committee. '.•; ' • j
The following is the' official programme
issued to-day: .' , : . .- ". , ,;
• J.- Williams, Charles Navlet and I. I* Kop
pel; San Jose Parlor No. 22, N. S. G. "W.— O.
T. (yConnell. M. Welch, 1/ H. ' Kent. A. Pede
mente,: J. W. Borchers; Palo Alto, No. 82, N.
8. r G. "W.— J. A. Day, Henry Humburg, Her
bert Kelley, . D. M.' Burnett, .Ed' Younger; Ob
servatory i, Parlor No. 177— James t M. Shllu, F.
Schumacher, K. S. Fisher. Joseph A. Delmas,
T. F."- Thwaits ; .'San Joie Parlor' No*. 81, ' N. D.
G. W.— Mrs. E.-*P; Anderson, Miasr Ethel Pyle.
Mrs. I* Lawrence, Mrs. M. King. Miss Matilda
Caimpiglla Parlor No. 100, N.'d."'g.
,W.— Miss -Tillle Brohaska; Miss Nora: Mabury,
Miss Eva . Prindle. Mrs. Virginia Gruell, Mlsa
¦Frankle' Stockton. .- ...•.'., -., .; ... .. '•• • .-
ceptlon committee composed of the j fol
lowing "members from" the" different par
lors'has'been appointed: ¦
Continued on Pags Seven.
PARIS, Sept. 6.— The Rome correspond
ent ¦: of .the • Rappel -says ¦ that the ' Italian
pojlcejhave "discovered there the head
quarters of I an | international association
;of incendiaries. tJ:'--^^;. : •' ¦
Association of Incendiaries.
; ¦ i '--. • .¦/¦;. Posted. "••';. :
PITTSBURG, Kan., Sept. 1 5.— The mlnj
ers' strike situation looks more serious
to-night. ' The mlners^national board has
authorized ¦ the districtf board to use ex
treme j measures If necessary . to force the
Big Four .operators to 'the^ terms.' ; - •
: r President' Richardson -' of j;,- the' Miners'
Union] said 1 to-night: ,, ''We will.: order, a
strike; to-morrow; If we ; can" find no other
Stockades Are Being Built About the
¦ - Plants'arid Guards" Being /
COAL MINE COMPAIfiES . \
' PREPARE FOB TROUBLE
matic quarters it Is believed that Castro
has no intention, of taking any action
which will ; preserve, peace. His Govern
ment Is endangered by a revolution, and
he prefers a foreign war. so as to solidify
his people, and once this Is done, he hopes
to keep, himself in power. .Representa
tions ar^ being made to j the authorities
that it would be advisable for the United
States ¦ to address a strong remonstrance
to' Venezuela, but the President Is not. yet
prepared to take this step. Action of this
kind .will only occur In case, of, an at
tempt • to s disturb .the peace , of i the isth
mus, and then, of course, the Cass-Herran
treaty will compel American Interference.
Ice Floes Blockade Coast.
ST/: JOHN, N. '. F., Sept. 5.— Advices from
way. of securing ' a settlement. ". Ninety per
cent. of . the; men will walk out." ; ; •.'¦»:
State Labor," Commissioner Johnson is
here and has offered his services as arbi
trator.{..The district board decided, how
ever; that- arbitration is not •' wanted 1 for
tho present. .-,,.. . .
,. All ,; the companies are . preparing for
trouble.. Stockades are I being .built • about
the ; mines ', and" guards are being posted.
.There is a'bad feeling between union and
non-union men, and serious trouble may
'ensue..- ¦ -:' • -.¦• ¦'- ¦ ¦'•¦- .¦..".:¦¦."/
Bear and American flags, with stream
ers of colored bunting, have already given
The old. Mexicans who have cooked' the
meats at previous celebrations at San
Jose, in- 1894 and 1838, have been specially
brought back to San Jose, so that the
local Natives' reputation may be fully
sustained. 1
Contracts have been closed with local
butchers for twelve bulls' heads, ten whole
beeves from young steers, 2400 loaves of
bread and beans in great quantity. A
special service of fifty waiters has been
provided so that the barbecued meat can
be served hot in small quantities at • a
time. Special refrigerators have been ar
ranged at the* grounds, so that the fine
quality of California's vintage can be ap
preciated to. full advantage.
The midnight parade, . with its Jollity
and revelry, will be a fitting introduction
to the feasting and sports of Sunday.-The
bullshead breakfast at Agricultural Park
will attract several thousand. • This will
be an old-fashioned Pioneer affair, with
all the spirit of old occasions and all the
comforts that the advanced service of to
day can afford. This banquet will be held
under the pines at Agricultural Park,
where tables for 1200 at a sitting will be
provided. The breakfast will be served
from 9:30 a. m. until 12 m. The T committee
expects to serve about 3600 people. Noth
ing but California products will be used.
A concert band will be in attendance.
will head the division. La Vespera Parlor
of San Francisco will have a handsome
float" in " line,' as will' some of the other
parlors. '¦'.-•
The United States does not propose that
a war shall occur with possible" attend
ant, European complications if it can help
it, and there is reason to believe that
Minister Bowen at Caracas will be in
structed to make representations to Cas
tro's Government, so as to induce him- to
aeree to- a peaceful settlement. In^Iplo-
Castro Prefers Foreign War.
The other divisions will be made_up of
the various parlors of Native Sons. They
will be arranged in the order of their in
stitution, parlors of the lowest number
coming first. Parlors with music will
have places of honor at the head of divi
sions. South San Francisco Parlor, the
parlor of Grand Marshal Taaffe, will be
given the place of honor at the head of
the fifteenth division, which will escort
the three San Jose parlors. They will ex
tend the courtesy of their band, which
attitude. The answer of. President Castro
to Secretary Hay's tender of the Presi
dent's good offices was practically an an
nouncement that the dispute was between
herself and Colombia 1 , and that the latter
should make proper explanations.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 5.— The big parade
of Native Sons on Admission day
will be composed of fifteen divi-~
slons, and the committee estimates
that there will not be less than 5000
Natives in line. All the parlors have not
yet told the number of men they will
bring, but no less than thirty parlors are
looked for as bodies, and many others will
be represented by delegations. Vendome
and San Jose parlors of Native Daughters
of this city will be in the parade, and
there are several other parlors of Daugh
ters that are expected to march.
A platoon of police will head the first
division, escorting Grand Marshal Taaffe,
Chief of Staff W. H. McComas and Chief
Aids G. T. Bollinger and H. I. Mulcreavy.
This division will consist of the compa
nies of the First and Fifth regiments of
the National Guard. The second division
will^conslst of the Pioneers, who will pre
sent representations of pioneer days. In
the third division . will be the Native
Daughters, preceding the grand ofiicers of
the Native Sons of the Golden West and
California Parlor of San Francisco.
Northern show that Arctic
floes continue to blockade the coast. Such
a state of things was never known before
within the' memory of the ¦_ colony. The
fishery is very backward— indeed it Is the
worst on record . in the more northern
parts. : Numbers; of bergs are floating
southward past the Strait of Belle Isle,
forming a "serious menace to ocean navi
gation. ¦ -' ''.-_¦ '¦.'-.-".
Tuesday— An excursion to Mount Hamilton,
where an . opportunity will be afforded to have
a reeo through the big glass. • Excursion re
turns-at .evening. .Stage company has made
special >rates for this occasion. '.
The local parlors. Native Sons and Daugh
ters, '.will give a grand ball at Turn Verein
Hall in the evening, and on the same evening
there; will {be dancing at headquarters of the
other parlors. Oakland _ Parlor will give a ball
at Hotel Vendome. ; '.
cisco and a picked nine from San Jose parlors.
' Sunday afternoon, between the hours of 2
and 4, the Fifth Regiment . Band . will give a
sacred concert at St. James Park.
Sunday afternoon and evening: a concert and
dance. will be glv«n at Schuetzen Park at the
southern terminal of the First-street railroad.
Sunday evening a sacred concert will be
given on the Hotel Vendome grounds, lasting
from 8 to 10.
Sunday night the Past Presidents* Associa
tion will be in Besslon at Native Sons' Hall.
On this occasion they will have initiation and
after the adjournment refreshments will be
served.
Monday— At 10:30 o'clock, will b» h«ld the
Brand parade.
Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock there will be
literary exercises at St. James Park, parti
cipated in by the grand officers. •
• Monday ' afternoon, from 2 to 4 o'clock, ths
San Jose parlors, ' Native Sons and Daughters,
will hold their reception at Turn Verein Hall.
Monday afternoon 'there will be receptions
and dances at the various headquarters of
visiting parlors. ,
The Pioneers will entertain their visiting
pioneers and friends at Odd Fellows' Hall.
Monday afternoon, beginning at 3:30, bicycle
races will: be held at; Cyclers' Track, on the
Alameda,' under the auspices of the Merchants'
Athletic Club.
Promoter Porter Tells of Progress of
Gigantic Movement in Which
Thousands of California!!*
Are Concerned-
The announced purpose of the enter
prise is to purchase oil properties, oil
stocks, pipe lines, tanks, pumping plants,
oil contracts and other property necessary
for carrying on an extensive oil business.
The signers of the agreement have
pledged themselves to use their best en
deavors to transfer to the new corpora
tion'to be formed, with capital stock of
not less than $73,000,000 nor more than $100,'
000.000. the properties and stocks of the
oil companies and individuals represented
by them; and to seek to induce other com
panies to take like action. The new cor
poration-will have the right for seven
months to purchase all the properties un
der an agreement of sale or option or
The present plan of combination . has
been under consideration for some time.
Partial reports of the details have been
made from time to time. Modifications of
the provisions submitted to the oil com
panies' directors have been made and
amendments have been Inserted to meet
wise suggestions on the part of those di
rectly concerned as owners of producing
properties. There are several provisions
that are of more than ordinary interest
in the plan as it now stands with a long
list of signatures attached. These are
summarized for general information.
Flan Includes Purchase.
With the assured co-operation of four
fifths of the actual producers and the fa
vorable attitude of the remainder, the
prospects yesterday seemed very bright.
The names of the companies that have
signed the agreement were not made pub
lic by Mr. Porter. There are Influences
that ' naturally are hostile to the move
that the oil producers are making in their
own behalf. Mr. Porter declines to speak
of these, but the facta are well known.
Positively Mr. Porter declares that tha
combination forming and so far pro
gressed toward perfection among the pro
ducers of oil has no relation to the Stan
dard Oil Company. "It is for the pro
ducers' benefit and for them only. That
is the exact fact."
Pour-Fifths Agree.
W. 8. Porter is the promoter of tae com
bination now in formation. His residence
Is in Los Angeles, but he has come to
San Francisco to be in do3e touch with,
the owners of oil properties in tlie Kern
County fields, a majority of whom are
engaged in business here and have the
headquarters of their oil companies in
this city. Various propositions have been
entertained by the producers of oil to fur
nish a' betterment of conditions. A meet-
Ing was held at the Palace Hotel some
time ago, where a plan for marketing
through a committee was partly perfect
ed, but nothing definite resulted- Sine*
then the market has become even mor»
unsatisfactory than when, necessity
prompted the first conference of the owsw
ers of oil properties. Many wells in th©
Kern County districts have been shut
down. Development has fallen off, and
there would have been a more marked
decline in that direction if there were, not
many lessees, who are compelled by the
terms of their contracts to complete &
certain number of wells in a fixed time.
Vigorous measures have become neces
sary. W. S. Porter, who has been en
gaged in the business of producing oil In
this State and who has also been con
nected with the sale of supplies for tha
oil fields, is the man upon whom the pro
ducers have pinned their hopes.
Success is about to crown the efforts of
the oil producers of California, to form a.
great corporation, with capital stock oC
$75,000,000' to $100,000,000,. for the purpose of
protecting and promoting their interests.
Eighty per> cent of the oil producers of
the Kern River and McKlttrick districts
have, according to XV. S. Porter, already
signed the preliminary agreement. Not
one producing oil company in the Kern
River and McKittrick districts has failed
to make available the information needed
as the starting point for organization-
There is only one factor that can inter
fere with success as the matter now
stands, which is the refusal of companies
to accept the valuations placed on their
respective properties by the experts,
whose rating will go far toward deter
mining the basis of standing in the hftge
combine. Two considerations cause the
oil producers to believe that success la
near. One is the general friendly attitude
of the scores of oil companies in that re
gard; the other is the general recognition
on all sides that without organisation the
oil industry of the State is helpless to
raise itself from the slough of low prices
and unprofitable production into which, It
has fallen a3 the result of too sharjTcoiar
petitien in markstlns,- ¦-¦'•¦ — ¦ .
' Porter Leads Movement.
Xlcarasuan forces, and Colombia will ap
peal to lie fnlted States to take steps
for the preservation of her sovereignty
over the isthmus. This is the Important
development to-day in the situation in
Xorthern South America- Official infor
mation has reached "Washington and will
be officially communicated to the State
Department showing that the situation
existing to-day is far graver than is gen
erally believed. Ecuador and Nicaragua
are allied by secret treaty with Venezu
ela, and it Is possible that the projected
Invasion into Panama is to be accompa
nied bj a movement on the eastern boun
<isLry of Colombia by Venezuela. One of
the dispatches received In a responsible
Quarter reads:
"Xo serious internal conditions exist in
tie Stats of Panama. The Government
of Colombia is about to preserve the traf
fic across the isthmus. Colombian offi
cials fear the arrival of expeditions an
nounced from Nicaragua and Ecuador."
Assistance Is Asked.
This dispatch Is partly explained by an
other message •which comes from Call,
capital of the State of Cauca, and reads:
"Invasion from Ecuador -with vessels
and supplies requires prompt action on
the part of Colombia. The Governor of
Cauca t^^irs the situation so serious that
he has asked the Government to send to
his assistance the gunboats which are at
Panama. The Governor of Cauca seems
to think that Panama is the object of
the Invading force, though it may attack
TTmaco or Buena Ventura."
The United States Trill not permit Pan
ama to become a" scene of hostilities. Un
der the treaty signed by Secretary Caas
and "W. Herran. then Minister to tha i
United States and father of the present
Charge d' Affaires of the Colombian lega
tion, the "United States positively guaran
teed free traffic across the isthmus and
the sovereignty of Colombia over the isth
rcus. The provisions cf the treaty must
be strictly enforced, and the Intention of
tbo United States is to see that it is done.
The gunboat Machias Is at Colon. The
gunboat Ranger arrived to-day at Pan
ama, and her commander reported the
situation was quiet on the Panama side.
The battleship Iowa is expected to reach
Panama either to-morrow or Saturday.
Uncle Sam Beady to Act.
The United States will thus have a force
sufficiently strong to support any prohibi
tion it may give to Nicaragua, Ecuador
cr.d Venezuela not to disembark troops
en the isthmus.
In some quarters there Is a disposition
to believe that the Ecuadoran Govern
ment is not behind the invasion reported
from Cali, and it is pointed out that the
declarations of Plaza, President of Ecua
dor, who assumed his present office ¦ on
Sunday last, have strongly favored
friendly relations with Colombia. *^It Is
thought possible that the organizers of
filibustering expeditions who were active
during Alfaro's administration' have
feared that to remain longer in Ecuador
¦would be to subject themselves to arrest
and their supplies to seizure, and they
have therefore immediately carried out
their plans of invading Colombia. Confl
uence is expressed that if an invasion Is
made at any point in the State of Cauca
Colombian troops will have no difficulty
in routine the invaders.
Colombia Accepts Mediation.
Senor Herran. Colombian Charge d'Af
faires, declines to discuss the Colombian
situation In any way before making prop
er representations to the State Depart
ment. Officials of the department admit
ted to-day that they have received a per
sonal communication from Minister Sllva
of Colombia, accepting in the name of his
Government the mediation of the United
States. It appears that before this Gov
ernment made its tender of good offices
Colombia learned of the reports that.it
contemplated taking such action, and
v.'ired to Dr. Silva stating that it would
be glad to authorize the friendly Inter
vention of the United States. Colombia
; as already lost^ 40,000 men in the present
: evolution, and she sees no cause for per
mitting further losses of life, though she
is confident, In case of conflict, of her
ability to defeat her opponents.
The official reply of the Bogota Govern
ment has not yet been received, but there
is no doubt that it will be in line with the
acquiescence of Dr. Silva. The question
before the United States, besides the-para
mount one of preventing a violation of
*he neutrality of the isthmus, is to Induce
the Castro administration to change its
CAXX, BtTRBAtr. 1406 Cr STREET, N.
"W.. WASHINGTON, Sept. 5.— Panama, Is
in <Janser of Invasion by Ecuadoran and
Special Diapatch to The Call.
An Appeal 'Will Bo Triad© to the
"United States for the Preserva
tion of Sovereignty Over
the Isthmus.
These Two Nations May Join
Venezuela and Fight
Colombia.
Capital Involved in the Deal
Amounts to Many
Millions.
Threatened by Forces
From Ecuador and
Nicaragua.
Brightens.
Outlook for Industry of
Great Importance
INVASION
OF PANAMA
IS FEARED
MMOBITY. OF
OWNERS SIGN
AOREEMEWT
OIL PRODUCERS ENTER HUGE COMBINATION
AND PREPARE TO END RUINOUS COMPETITION
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
0&3tf '* FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6^* 1901;
VOLUME XO-NO. 97*
Rare Programme Is
Selected for Outing
of the Organization
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.CALLING MUNICIPAL CONVENTION OF WAGE-EARNERS TO ORDER AT METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
Motioji followed motion in quick suc
cession, the members of the committee
defending the course taken, j But this did
not suit the temper of the delegates. A
motion to adopt,, after the previous ques
tion had been put, was so close that the
chair was in doubt, and even a division
When some of the more astute politi
cians realized that the adoption -of ; the
report of the committee naming the per
manent officers meant taking the choice
of them practically out of their hands
and placing th« matter in the hands of
a committee, there was a storm of indig
nant protest. From all 6ides of the hall
delegates were on their feet at -once,
each protesting against its adoption. • ,
Object to Committee Naming Penna-
nent Officers but Elect the
Same Men.
THINK THEY SEE A SLATE
AND PROCEED TO BREAK IT
ness, but would report at the next session.
The committee on platform, met last
night at Sixth and Shipley streets. An
immediate adjournment was taken to the
headquarters of the Republican Club of
the Thirty-first Assembly District, Teu
tonia Hall, . Ninth and Howard streets.
The meeting was executive and was still
in session at an early hour this morning.
Considerable time was spent* in a-dis
cussion as to the proper time to hold the
sessions of the cbnvention. Delegate May
of the butchers suggested the. nighttime,
as many of the delegates were unable to
leave their ibusiness during the day.. He
found many,, supporters,'- but after the
convention got into a hopeless tangle of
motions' and ; parliamentary propositions
it was finally decided to meet again this
morning at 10 o'clock" and continue the
session throughout the day and j night in
Sergeant at Arms Mahoney was ordered
so often to remain at his post at the door
that . he became piqued and declined to
act.'- William J. Lennon of the book;
binders, John Desmond and, John Wilson
1 were elected sergeants-at-arms.
Less was again- brought before the con
vention as a candidate for" vice - ; chair
man. J. E. Parry andR. I. Wisler were
both nominated, but declined and Less
was elected. Wynn and Byers were
elected secretaries. " \- .
•' Delegate Bowlan- named- Less, after
which the secretary prepared to call the
roll. Less took the stage, however, and
declined the nomination, after denying
a statement published In an evening
newspaper that he had attempted . or in
tended to foist a^" slate on the conven
tion. .
was not satisfactory. ;- On rollcall the mo
tion to adopt was defeated— 85 ayes to
113 noes. No sooner had the result been
declared than Delegate McEntee nom
inated MiUmore, the. chairman, and there
were many seconds. *
SALINAS, Sept." 5.— Jacob . A. . Suesser,
father/of : George 'SuesserJ the, murderer
of SherlfE:Farley,<died.;thIs'evenIng. He
was : a ; native : of ; Germany and aged 7C
years. .He" enlisted in the army "in: 1854,
serving ; three , years during, the Indian
wars .in : Arizona and' New ; Mexico. He
arrived in Monterey in I860. ¦;. ',
Well Known* Salinas Man Dead.
, . DES^MOINES, Iowa,' Sept. . 5/— The So
cialist party of Iowa met in State conven
tionTto-day and nominated; the following
ticket : .Governor, James j Baxter of : Hite
man;. Lieutenant Governor, "W. A. Jacobs
of Davenport ; : Judge • of • Supreme " Court,
'A'. ;¦ F.T Thompson of I Centerville; ¦ Railway
Commissioner. H. ¦ C. Middlebrook of Rock
Rapids of Public Instruc-
SAN RAFAEL, Sept 5.— Genuine woe
has, cast its dark spell over_ the usually
pleasrvft faces of the Courthouse oflicials,
from \he genial Sheriff to the • smiling
Judge. They .will receive no salaries, un
til next December,, or until more", money,
accumulates in the county fund.,"- - -.-•' '
Owing to many extended^ criminal trials
Bpedal - Dispatch j to , The - Call.
NANAIMO, B. C.y Sept. 5.— This after
noon '¦ Myrtle O'Hara, a child : of 7. years
'of age, flung herself out. of -a' window, "of
the Palace Hotel, thirty! feet .'.from .the
ground. She hung, for a" moment before
she dropped,, and a -man standing ;below
caught j her. The ! child I had been terrified'
by. the . eight of her father \ who •. shor tly
before had chased • her • and ¦ her 'mother
out of their home with a knife.
Terrified Child Jumps from Window.
tees on . credentials and permanent organ
. izatlon.
Tha name of J. E. Parry of the Pile
drivers' and Bridgebuilders' Union was
first announced by Ryan.
"I; object to that man's name going- on
W&mes of Delegates and Permanent
Officers Are Presented to
Convention. » ' , . •
A half hour after 'the appointed time
Temporary Chairman Ryan announced
that he was ready ' to name the commit-
APPOIHTS COMMITTEES
TO FACILITATE 'I' H y, WORK
Labor Problem.
Declare That Socialism
Offers Solution of the
County Authorities in
Marin in Awful Pre- .
dicament.
IOWA SOCIALISTS
NAME A TICKET
the fund is down to the extreme low
water mark, consisting now of $176 74. In
the generalfund there is ample cash. The
$53,000 reposing there, however, cannot be
touched for the salaries of the* county
officials. In thepast this has been done,
but Treasurer Fallon has been advised
that he has no right to pay salaries out
of anything but the county fund. .
In :tfie present dilemma the ; sch66l
teachers are the only ones . that can af
ford to smile. Thew Is $23,000 in the
¦school fund, 'and the directors of youth
ful thought will not be turned away
empty-handed on pay days;
There was no smiling in the Courthouse
to-day. Thenumerous officials are tight
ening up * their belts and gloomily look
forward to smashing the world's fasting
record. ;
tlon, E. E. Stevens of Burlington. Fifteer
counties were represented by eighteen del
egates. - . .. : . : • '••*' '
- The platform indorses that of r the I So
cialist convention held at Indianapolis
July.29, and says: V
"we, believe socialism to be a ; scientific
solution of the labor problem, . and that ii
will provide an ethical construction of so
ciety, whereby j and I exact justice
will be meted out to every; individual. "Wf
declare' our < opposition to the
competition for bread and- to the capital
istic control of the means of productior
and distribution," and to ; secure a systeir
whereby, want, misery and poverty shal
be forever eliminated we pledge ourselves
to the final' and complete overthrow of al'
competitive ¦ and capitalistic- systems > anc
the substitution thereof of a co-operative
commonwealth and collective ownershir
of. all means of production and distribu
tion. •;¦¦-¦•¦. .. ". ...--¦ ¦.-.'"••..-. .
Recommends the Seating of All the
Belegatea Who Were Chosen
by Various Organizations.
The report of the committee on' creden
tials recommended the seating of the fol
lowing, delegates:
\Team8tera'.. Union > T o. 228, seven delegates-
J. J: Conboy, J. I. Harper,, M. Richards, A.
Gre«n,v Walter Duryea, Richard Thane and A.
J. Harris. : . ' " .
Teamsters' Union No. 85, twenty delegates-
Timothy Ryan, William Langley, John Hoi
CREDENTIALS COMMITTEE
SUBMITS ITS REPOR'
OFFICIALS MAY
HAVE TO STARVE
. Chairman Eagan said that the commit
tee had not had time to give proper con
sideration to the rutfes and order of bust-
Some days ago Hllker received a nomi
nation for Supervisor at the Socialist par
ty convention. Less announced that the
executive committee had for this reason
discredited him as a delegate and- selected
some one else In his stead. His explana
tion did not suit Hilker, who claimed the
right to act as a delegate. Chairman
Ryan ordered the sergeant at arms to
clear the floor of all who were notNIele
gates, and Hilker retired.
Thomas Eagan, ; chairman of the com
mittee on permanent organization and or
der of business,. presented what he called
a partial report. The report recommend
ed the selection of Joseph Millmore of
the Teamsters' Union' for permanent
chairman. I. Less of the Barbers' Union
for vice chairman. William J. Wynn and'
B. P. Byers as secretaries, and T. J. Ma
honey or the Longshore Lumbermen, John
Desmond of the Teamsters and James
Wilson of the Boxmakers and Sawyers as
sergeants at arms.
The report of the committee on creden
tials, which will be found elsewhere, was
read by <;he secretary, the delegates go
ing to the rear of the hall and taking
seats in front as their names were called.
After a few minor corrections all but one,
who claimed to be a delegate, was seated.
That was Henry Hllker, who had once
been named by the barbers.
ham, Boxmakers, and R. B. Vellage,' Machin
ists. . •
order to conclude the business, by to
morrow ¦ night. - . /'. ,
Chairman Millmore 4hen proceeded to
name the committee on platform. Each
union - : was represented by one delegate,
making a committee. of sixty-eight mem
bers. These were instructed to meet im
mediately . after adjournment and con
tinue in session until they had com
pleted a platfrom for presentation as the
first order of business this morning.
The committee met last night at the
headquarters of the. Machinists' Union,
at Sixth and Shipley streets, and consid
ered the different planks to be submitted.
Up to a latff hour the work had not been
completed, but it was said that the sense
of every member was for a strong dec
laration of union principles, in which the
local situation will be thoroughly re
viewed.
A few minutes after 10 o'clock I. Less,
' chairman of the executive committee,
called the convention to order, depositing
a large package of papers on the speak
. er's desk. Less is- credited with having
. been instrumental in organizing the party.
The meetings of the executive committee
have been held in the office of the Jour
neymen Barbers' Union, of which he Is
- the secretary.
Less had fairly started on his speech,
• when he was interrupted by a suggestion
I from one of the delegates that a tempor
ary sergeant at arms be appointed. Thom
¦ as Easen and James Bowlan urged that
• this fce done at once, in order to clear the
floor cf any who might not be entitled to
•seats as delegates. Others added their
- voice to the matter.
"That is out of order," ruled Less. "If
there is less 'rag chewing" and 'hot air 1
' we will get along quicker. I did intend
• to make a speech, but as the convention
does not seem to be in temper for it I
will call for nominations for temporary
chairman."
The delegates, however, insisted on the
¦ nomination of a sergeant at arms, and T.
..J. Bowlan named J. T. Mahoney of the
Teamsters' Union. He was elected by ac
clamation, and forthwith vigorously dis
• charged his duties.
"This convention is ¦ called to nominate
a full municipal ticket," continued Less.
' "As wage earners by binding ourselves
; together we may get better times. We
. may elect our own officers, make our own
laws and reap the benefits of unionism."
A. Logan of the Paper-hangers' and
; Decorators' Union was the first man rec
ognized, and he placed Less in nomina
tion. The nomination was seconded by
• J. M. Murphy- of the Machine Helpers'
. Union.
"I. Less is nominated for temporary
chairman," exclaimed Less as chairman
• of the executive committee. "Are there
..any more nominations?" •
Bowlan again took the floor and in a
lengthy speech named Timothy Ryan of
the Brotherhood of Teamsters. J. E Par
ry of the Plledrivers' and Bridge Builders'
Union and delegates all over the hall from
. the City Front Federation, Allied Print
ing Trades and Iron Trades Council sec
onded the nomination of Ryan.
A vote was taken by calling the roll.
As delegate after delegate recorded his
vote for Ryan, Less! face wore a look of
pained surprise.* Nearly. seventy-five votes
. had been cast for Ryan- and about six for
Less, when the latter withdrew in favor
of his opponent i* •
B. P. Byers of the Shipbuilders' Union
and W. J. Wynn of the Machinists' Union
were chosen secretaries, both represent
- Ing the different, lines into .which the con
vention had resolved itself on the chair
manship contest. ,
On the suggestion of- the chair, a vice
i chairman -was named. - Thomas Denehy
and William McCabe -declined the nomi
nation, and G. E, Aubertine, who had
¦ been the right hand man of Less In the
organization of the party, was elected.
A recess of thirty minutes was taken to
appoint committees on credentials,- rules'
and order of business. It was decided to
defer the naming- of the committee on
.platform and resolutions until the other
committees - had reported. At 11:30 a. m.
• a recess was taken to 1 o'clock.
" Came as Surprise as He Had Been
Chief Organizer of the
Party.
DEFEAT OF LESS FOS
TEffPOBABY CHAIRMAN
p»-rpoHE municipal convention of the
I Union Labor party, which, was
I called to order at Metropolitan
}1 Temple yesterday forenoon, con
sists of 2S0 delegates, representing
68 trades unions. The convention is' cer
tainly free and untrammeled. There is
no lack of talkers and no lack of earnest
ness or vigor in the talk. In many re
spects the assemblage recalls to mind the
"Worklngmen's convention which, met at
Humboldt Hall a quarter of a century
ago and nominated "William P. White,
father of the late Stephen M. "White, for
Governor of California.
At the sessions of the convention yes
terday several of the epeakers displayed
ready knowledge of parliamentary tac
tics and familiarity with the usages of
deliberative bodies, but no special oppor
tunity was presented for any member to>
exhibit superior Qualities of leadership.
Thomas Eagan, J. S. Parry, A. S. Cridge,
Joseph Millmore. G. F. Aubertine, Thom
as Kj r an and others evinced knowledge of
convention customs and claimed the at
tention of.i'punger members when they
addressed the body. The delegates are In
earnest. They purpose making radical
nominations and get behind the ticket
with the resolute purpose of making: a
etrons fight at the ballot box. It is a- fact
that one-half of the unions In the city
failed to eend delegates to the convention,
but the names on the roll established by
the committee on credentials represent
active workingmen in many fields of in
dustrial life. In the broad sense it is not
a popular convention, but it is a class as
semblage of character and vigor repre
eentative of laboring men who have faith
In the virtue of the ballot. It was noted
that the managers made no display of
the American flag on the convention stage
or elsewhere in the halL
Immediately on the convening of the
delegates a elate was smashed and a pro
gramme swept aside. The men were sus
picious of self-created leadership. They
. suspected and had good cause for the
suspicion that a programme had been pre
pared for the nomination of J. M. Burnett
. for Mayor and I. Less fo-r Public Admin
istrator, and as a measure of rebuke re
fused to make Ltess the chairman of the
convention.
The delegates to the convention are men
•who are likely to be swayed and influ
enced to impulsive action by the notes of
fervent, impassioned oratory. It is quito
likely to happen that the deliberate Judg
ment of the body will not prevail In the
making of the ticket or the framing of
the platform.
Long before the hour set for the as
sembling of the convention knots of
delegates began gathering in front of Met
ropolitan Temple. In true convention
style, they discussed in groups plans for
the day. Among the crowd were some
who had borne the brunt of battle in other
campaigns at which perhaps there might
have been less of principle at stake but
more to be gained as able henchmen of
a politician. These men were few hi nnm
ttr and did not make their presence ob
trusive. . . ¦
Another conspicuous figure in the group
was a perpetual self-nominated candidate
for office, who has run the whole gamut
almost, and been successful in but one
instance. He seeks the nomination for
Mayor this time, and buttonholed each
arriving delegate. While gaining a re
spectful hearing, the claims he presented
did not seem to make much of an im
. pression. Another well-known figure in
- the crowd was a former Superior Judge
whose voice has been raised in many a
• Democratic convention, and who is said
to be seeking a nomination either as Dis
trict Attorney or City and County At
torney.
But . the delegates and the crowd that
* filled the galleries were the most inter
< esting features of the convention. The
, body of the hall was reserved for the del
egates. The gallery seats were occupied
by a large number of workingmen, who
closely watched the proceedings, but
, never attempted to interfere with the reg- <
ular course of proceedings.
the committee," exclaimed a delegate In
the rear of the haJL "He voted at the
last primary election, which Is against all
the rules of this party." . s - • ¦ .
"I do not claim that the speaker, was
actuated by malice," responded Parry; "I
did not vote at the last • primary ' election
and I am ready to draw my check for
$1000 If any one can prove that I did."
"Mr. Parry's name will not be with
drawn," said Charman Ryan. ' "The rest
of the committee is as follows: j
Joseph Mlllmore of the Brotherhood of Team
sters, William McCabe of the Ironmolders, J.
Deneby of the Packers'. Porters' and Ware
housemen, J. H. Roxburgh of the Allied Print
-Jng Trades Council, W. H. Hutchlnson of Car
penters' Union No. 483 and W. T. Colbert . of
the Coopers.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion and order of business was announced
as follows:
Thomas Eagran, Longshoremen; James Me-
Entee, Teamsters; H. W. Gobel, Picture Frame
Workers; A. Cridge, Typographical Union; A.
J. Gallagher, P.hoto. Engravers; William Min-
Preliminary Skirmish for Control of
' the Organization Results in Most
Surprising Rout of Party Directors
Delegates Representing More Than Half
the Unions of This 'City Complete
Plans -for Presenting a Ticket
land, Frank Prideau. Arthur Brophy, John
Stewart, . James Kennedy. Joseph Mlllmore.
Timothy Blanchfleld, Frank Markey. William
Shelley, Joseph McCuttee, Denis Eeckles, John
Desmond, Michael Fandy, James 'McNamafa,
Henry Smith, Charles Burns. Robert Dutton
and Peter Hansen. • .
Longshoremen's Union' No. 224, nine' delegates
— T. J." Mahoney, J. R. Lawson. Frank Butler.
Thomas Murphy, James Jordan, J. W. Dicker
and J. E. Rlordan,
Longshoremen's Union No. 228, eighteen dele
gates—Thomas I. Egan, James B. McManus.
Joseph D. Malder, A. Cunningham, P. J. Mur
phy, John Coghlan, James J. Higglns, Joseph
Alexander, William Haggari, G. W. Dan. Peter
McKeon, V. S. Bell. A. Holmes, William Sul
livan, J. . Shields, M. S. French. A.W. Beck
and Jeremiah . Coghlan. . • . . ¦ ,
Longshoremen's Union No. 222, four '•dele
gates — Thomas Coran, John Downey, • Timothy
Hylan and Walter Brown. f-
Bookbinders' Union, three delegates— William
Kessler, W. B. Cook and William Lennox.
Photo Engravers — A. J. Gallagher. .
Shipwrights and . Ship Calkers No. 9162, two
delegates— Edward Case and George Quigler.
Ship and Steamboat Joiners, two delegates-
John Brennan and M. 8. Forbes.
Musicians' Union No. 6, five delegates— P.
Fredrick Thomas Walsh, James Garrob, John
"Wenzel and C. Albiatl.
"tt'eb Pressmen No. 4— "W. Lazapman.
Printing Press Union ~So. 24, two delegates-
James Roxburgh, and T. "William Payne. - •
Mailers' TJnion No. 18— "William J. Denahy.
Steam Hot Water Fitters and Helpers Xo. 46,
three delegates— J. Bnrk, M. McDonough and
T. Reardon. • • - •
Machinists* Helpers' Union No. 8179. two del
egates—J. T. Hayes and W. E. Anderson.
Undertakers' Assistants' Union No. 9019—
Edward J. Coffaney.
Stereotypers* Union No. 23— Herbert E. Cal
linan.'
- Hackxnen's Union No. 224. five delegates—
James Borerland. Thomas Martin. James Kan
xaag. John C. Kane and John Dowllng.
Printers' Club, five delegates— James 8.
Brien, Alfred Crldsre. Michael J. Monaban, J.
K. Phllllpa and A. C. Schwatka. '
Carriage and Wagon Workers' Union No. ••,
three delegates — George W. Desmond. A. J.
Black and George Smith.
Pile Drivers' and Bridge Bnildera* Union No.
1, five delegates— J. S. Parry, J. B.- Bell, T.
J. Drualry, B. A. Painters, F. T. Peterson. " . 1
Steam Laundry Workers' ¦ Local ¦ 28. twelr*
delegates— S. S. Wall, D. Sullivan. J. Arata.
W. F. Downey," J. Morris, K. Wineston, J.
Fogarty, J. D. Campbell, J. McAIanua, Geors»
F. Lawrence, H. Cobb, H. Graff.
Packers', Porters' and Warehousemen'!
Union No. S8S5. twenty-one delegates — J. T.
Denahy. Ernest F. Meyer, George Duffy, J. J.
Smith, W. Nolan, Thomas Dolan, George Rich
ards. Joseph Burke, F. Habernacber. C. B.
Ra3smussan. D. J. Sweeney. C. F. Spinner. J.
W. Sparkhart. R. Eastwood, M. F. Garrtgan.
M. Harris. T. E. Butler, J. F*. Donahue.
Thomas Manning-. J. Leary and Ed-ward Lynch.
Upholsterers' Union No. 28, two delegates—
J. Alexander and B. Rosenthal.
Carpenters' and Joiners' Union No. 4S3, «t3
delegates— W. C Chalmers, D. Cordea, W. H.
Hutchlnson, "W. P". Spencer, H. Davis and E.
PiUold.
Laborers' Union No. 5344, two delegates— John
Whalea and John a "Weideman. •
Milk Wagon Drivers' Union No. 228, four del
egates—Michael Shannon. Joseph O'Day, "W. J.
Broderlck and E. F. Schulz.
Ship Drillers' Union "No. 9C37, two delegates—
A. Mowsrue and J. Eldracher.
Tanners' Union No. 9018, five delegates— Peter
Duffy, J. McAuliffe. E. Roes, Rudolph Urtasla
and Hans Schmlton.
Brewery Workmen's Union No. 102, four del
egates—Henry Kuhl, Conrad Stein, Thomas
Kennedy and John Gnlnee.
Brewery Workmen's Union No. 7— Philip
Braun.
Brewery Wagon Drivers, two delegates— John
Shea and Rudolf Spick.
Coopers' Union No. 65, three- delegates— S. J.
Cook, W. T. Colbum and Chris Pabst.
Cooks and Waiters' Union No. 30, nine dele
gates—H. H. Hoffman. J. W. McAdams. J. H.
Bechusan, R. Lv Grimmer. George Vlcklnson.
Al Rose, Oswald Self ert, M. P. Scott and J.
C. Lane.
Metal Polishers, Platers. Buffers and Brass
Molders and Brass Workers No. 713— T. O.
Larsh.
Amalgamated Meat Cutters and Butchers No.
115, eight delegates— Joseph Lyons, R. L. Dun
bar, John Hughes, Henry Van Tassell, A.
Hamyel, J. A. Sweeney, William Lewis, and,)
Herman May. - . 7J
Wool Sorters and Graders' Union* No. 9025—
Hugh Kldd. •
Pavers' Union No. 8S35— Michael Fitzpatrick.
¦ Cloakmakers* Union No. 8— Morris Leadec.
Marine Painters, three delegates — Henry
Lamcke. Henry Malone and William Fay.
Retail Delivery Drivers' Union No. 27S— J.
Walsh.
United Metal Workers' Union No. 27— J. M.
Murphy. . - •
International Machinists No. 63, sixteen dele
gates — 'William Delaney, William J. Wynnr
Robert McCarthy, J. I. Wlsler. W. J_ Kenney,
H. M. Burnet. C. F. Mlnedeu, J. Wallace. J.
W. LJghtbody. James Maglnis,; H. Hunter,
Charles Duncan. R. .Valleje, Thomas Shore,
George Tangye and. H. Wynne.
Amalgamated Sheet Metal Workers' Union
No. 67— W. A. Reeves. . i.
Journeymen Barbers No. 148, «ight' delegates —
G. F- 'Aubertine. N..J. Mark, H. E. Holcomb.
J. Y. Ducoing, I. Less. S. Oppenhelm, G. Drag
pterce.and S.-A. Alrego. .
Paper-hangers and. Fresco Painters' Union
No. 131, two delegates— A. Logan and J. E. Mc-
Donald. . .
Boiler and Iron Shipbuilders' Union No. 25,
six delegates — James Pegg, John Brown, Harry
Gildea. Charles Day and D. F. Murphy. ¦
International Union Steam Engineers No. 53—
Andrew Lang.
Electrical Workers' Union No. 151. two dele
gates—W. P. Stanton and George Cooney.
Varnlshers and Polishers' Union No. 134. two
delegates — Frank Lane and George Zelgelmary.
United Garment Workers of America No. 131
—Charles A. Calhoun, W. B. Mason, A. L.
Zeagell.
International Union Steam Engineers, local
union No. 64. four delegates — A. . H. Ewell. F.
McKinstry. John McLaughlin, C. H. Toung.
• Custom Boot and Shoe Repairers— John Grace,
D. O'Callaghan. •
Bartenders' Union No. 41— R. H. HotTenman.
Boot and Shoe Workers' Union No. 216, four
delegates— George Gallagher. William C. Cau
nan, John. Schilling. Frederick Maysenhelder.
LaundVy Wagon Drivers" Union, three dele
gates—D. Schandwack, M. Ansbro, George
Krlmptoft.
Theatrical Employes' Union No. 16, two del
egates—Jack Fogel. S. D. Simmons.:
Stablemen's Union No. S76O— W. P. Flinn.
Charles Dean, Fred Querren, Walter Troy, C.
P. Monroe. T. J. White.
Pattern Makers' Union— T. S. Crontn, C. M,
Henderson. ' _ —
Brotherhood of Blacksmiths— John MontgonvJ
ery, J Duncanson.
Wood Workers' Union No. 152. five delegates
— J A. Wilson. W. Mclntosh. W. Mindham, H.
Brockowsky. James Fitzpatrick.
Wood Workers* Union No. 147— Herman
Gebal. " •
International Broom Makers' Union No. 53—
Mathew Wood.
Iron Molders' Union No. 164, six delegates-
Walter Dealy N. P. McCabe. John Hay, Hu
bert Matthews, John Crowley. "William Bu
chanan
Lathers' Labor Club— F. H. Gilbert.
Coremakers' Union No. 60— Frank Cassldy.
UNITED LABOR IN CONVENTION ASSEMBLED
PREPARES FOR COMING MUNICIPAL ELECTION
THIS SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, ft BPtEMBEE 6, 1901.
2
if The time for our Friday Specials has been extended || '
ll to Saturday this week.; The bargains are unusually at- H
i tractive. The goods are the very' choicest, and it will be H
H worth your while to see them displayed in our windows. |j
I The price holds good for the coming Friday and Satur- B
H day only; after that they go back to the old figures |\
R Children's and Misses' Fine Ladies* White and Drab Can- If
y Kid Lace Shoes, kid tip. full vas Oxfords — a special for
ff round toe: as'good and stylish Admission, day— regularly $1.50 M
H- v as mamma's. and $2 $1.20 |1
H Sizes 5-8 ...........?1«1O Ladies* French Patent Calf H
|i Sizes 8^2-11 $1.30 Oxfords, full broad toe, heavy Eg
a Sizes 11^-2 ........... .$1.55 extension soles, the regular *3
Eg lzes /2 " ' Komfbrt $3.50 shoe $2.85 U
I Laird, Schoberfr Co.'s Chil- LittIc g , Rid Lacc ¦ |
I £ ren *l P . a fi! -Jf «iS2i * ¦ made like men's. ?J
69 Patent Leather) Shoes, c . ¦ * va
@ cloth top; .broad, orthopedic Sizes 9-13, regular $1.50 shoe^for 9
1 toe; hand-turned. Fnda y and Saturday ....$1.15 |
: 1 Sizes 5-8, regularly $1.75.. $1.10 M «»'s ' Vici Lacc Shoes, with.vl
H c- «ii, n i/ «» <fc9 Sins double- soles; on a swell last: R
H Sizes 8^-10^, .reg. $2,.., $1.35 a3 . go?d a shoe a3 ;, soId ; n aI j Q
I Ladies* Kid Shoes, with pat- America at $3.50 ...... $2.85 B
fa : ent tip and fairly, heavy exten- Men's Patent Leather Ox- ff
|| sion . soles, shoes that should fords — the . imported kind H
H last six months at least and sell bought for fall— right up to $£
g regularly at $3.......... $2.15 date $2.85 g
H Money back if not entirely satisfactory. "A new pair gratis i£ g|
H| our shoes do qot wear well"— with the exception of patent leather. H
H " s Country orders for, above filled if received not later than Mon- @
>a ¦¦¦¦ ll " imim mmtwmMNVMMkaamfWASHINGTON, Sept^ 5 —General S. D.
Stanley,'- 1 president* of: the Society of the
Army of the Cumberland, announces that
the annual reunion' of that society -and
the veterans of that army will be held at
Louisville, Ky., on Perryville days,'Octo
ber, 8 and 9. • . . - '
a tall, slender man, blonde, and about 35
or 40 years of ; age. It • is stated | that • he
came here for the benefit of 3 his ¦ health.
Just before leaving Long ¦ Beach he said
that he might visit \ the Pan-American
Exposition and the local police are work
ing on : the .theory that he either went
north on the owl or the coast line. *i, - :/
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 5.— Professor William
E. Willoughby of the . Government De
partment of Labor, Washington, D. C,
will probably have charge of the world's
fair department 1 of social , economy, : the
appointment having been ! made by the
committee of education, subject to the ap
proval of the executive committee. '
Honors for Professor Willoughby.
The Labor Unions
Better capture | Dr. C. C. O'Donnell for
the head of ;, their ticket as the". Demo
crats are after him. . *
"VICTORIA; 'B. C, Sept. 5.— News was
received from • Australia to-day by the
steaisfer Miowera of the loss of the Lizzie
Nell; a 1036-ton bark owned In Liverpool.
She was on a voyage from Wellington to
Newcastle and. was sailing at about
twelve knots an hour, before a strong
breeze when, she *: struck heavily on a.
rock - off Whamaka" reef and soon broke
Up. ¦ } . • .-' ••-¦-\ .-.¦'¦ '-...:>.¦:¦¦
The crew of eighteen men tried to make
the shore in the bark's boat. This boat,
which hung to the. wr«cK oy- a line for.
over an hour, was capsized "several times,
and when she went over the first time
two of the crew were lost. The survivors
had hardly scrambled back when the boat
capsized | again and several others were
lost,- one, a -negro cook, trying, to swim
ashore without success.- His body was
found on the barren rocks next day. 'Two
died of exhaustion in the 'boat- and two
died on. the rocks while others . were re
turning with help. Of the crew'of eight
een only six. survived.^ -¦,- .
, Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dr. Woodworth came to California' from
New York last January. , He first stopped
at Pomona and let it be , known that he
was the possessor, of means. He did not
invest at Pomona, however, but. with his
father and sister went to. Long Beach at
the opening of the r summer . season, j He is
He then. left the house and the women
put the money in a trunk in a rear room.
A few* minutes later Mrs. Kempley was
suddenly taken ill and was assisted by
her daughter to an outhouse, remaining
from the Kempley house about-ten'mln
utes. On- their return the money / was
gone., Mrs. Kempley hurried to the, town
Justice, but no action was taken . until
this afternoon, .when Kempley returned
to Long Beach from Los Angeles. ;: Late
this evening 'a "John Doe" warrant '-was
sworn out in.Long Beach, but it .had not
been served at midnight.-; Still another
man is suspected.
Kempley was In Los Angeles at the
time, having been lured to the city 1 by
an advertisement in a morning . paper
which asked him to call in Los Angeles
if he wished to meet' an.- old. friend. _•. At
the Kempley house Wood-worth produced
the purchase money and paid it to Mrs.
Kempley and her daughter, Mrs. H. M.
Wonders, receiving in return a defed for
the Iowa property. ' . ; .
This morning "Woodworth, who has been
camping at Long Beach, went to the
Kempley home, about. a block away, to
consummate the purchase of the Kemp
leys' Iowa farm, for. which he had been
negotiating for some time. :
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 5.— Twenty-^lne
thousand dollars, all in hundred-dollar
bills, was stolen . this morning from, the
home of John Kempley at Long- Beach.
Kempley, who was in Los Angeles at the
time the cleverly conceived plan was put
into execution, has sworn out a warrant
charging Dr. Orrln L. Woodworth j with
the crime. No trace of Wood-worth had
been discovered up to midnight, although
it is known that he came to Los Angeles
some time after the robbery was perpe
trated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
A Mysterious Theft of
Money in Southern
California. '
Bark Strikes a Reef and
Few of the Crew
Survive.
SEAMEN DIE
ON BLEAK ROCKS
FORTUNE STOLEN
FROM THE HOUSE
To the claim is also appended the per
sonal approval of Gevornor Henry *T.
! SACRAMENTO, .Sept. -5.— To-day' was
drawn from the contagious disease fund
provided - by : the last Legislature the sum
of $1878 49, on account of the cleaning up of
Chinatown In San Francisco and other
measures ,of precaution. The bills are
commonplace enough, with a single ex
ception. This is a bill from the Morse
Detective Agency of San Francisco and
reads as follows:
"SAN FRANCISCO, July 1, 1901.
"•'State Board of Health to Harry N.
Morse, Dr.
"To services of operative L, shadowing
Dr. R , May 29th to June 24th, 1901, 27
days, at $6 per day, $162. Carfares neces
sarily spent, $7 70. "¦ To services of opera
tive S, shadowing Dr. F , May 29th to
June 10th, 1901, 13 days, at $6 per day, $78.
Carfares, etc., 55 cents. To services of
operative K, shadowing Dr. W , May
29th to June 10th, 1901, 13 days, at $6 per
day, $78: total,. $326 25."
The following - note is,, attached to the
"Dr. W.-M. La'wlor— My Dear Sir: In
closed find bill for services rendered. The
cause of so large an expense bill in the
case of Dr. R was owing to his being
lame and unable to walk much. He took
car money twice each day, also trips to
Oakland. Respectfully yours,
"H. N. MORSE."
Gage, with a request that a warrant be
drawn for the amount. Although the bill
itself does not conclusively reveal the
identity, of the persons "shadowed" and
although official information on this point
is not obtainable, it is declared by parties
who claim to know that the "Dr. R— " re
ferred to In the bill is certainly Dr. H. A.
L.' Ryf kogel, formerly bacteriologist - of
the State Board of Health and afterward
employed by the United States Marine
Hospital service.. He is known to be lame.
"Dr. F— " Is said to be Dr. Flinty bac
teriologist of the .Marine Hospital Bur
eau, and "Dr. W— " Dr. Joseph H. White,
chief of the quarantine division of the
'Marine Hospital service, in charge of the
San Francisco bureau. • .
The reason why the names are not given
In full is declared; to be because it is the
practice of the Morse Agancy to insert In
a bill of charges only the initials, as is
evidenced by that designation of th« oper
atives; and further, because of the pos
sible uncomfortable consequences of plac
ing on public record the fact that the
Governor of the State had caused men to
be shadowed who . were not expected to
know they were undergoing that treat
ment. "
The fact that such' a bill has been spe
cially approved by the Governor and sent
to the State Controller with the request
that a warrant be drawn for the amount
has caused much comment about the Cap
itol, it having been the first time, so far
as known, that a .bill- against the State
for "shadowing" has ever found thelight
of public record.
Speciar Dispatch to The Call.
Extraordinary Demands Are Made Against- the.,Treasury
and the Governor Approves Bills Presented by Detectives
for Work During Plague Scare Period in San Francisco
STATE COIN WILL PAY
FOR "SHADOWING" WORK
CONSTANTINOPLE. Sept. 5.— Brigands
have carried off an American lady en
gaged in missionary work and a lady
companion in the district of DJumabala,
Vilayet of Salonika.
The provision of the ordinance which
prohibited restaurants from keeping open
except dr-tfng certain prescribed hours
has been^altered by vote of the City
Council in compliance with a petition of
the citizens of the town, and the ordi
nance now includes restaurants In the
list of exceptions.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 5.— The cele
brated Sunday closing ordinance- which
has been in effect Jn this town for the
past two months, and by which Pacific
Grove has gained so much noteriety
throughout the State, has been amended,
and now people can eat all day long on
Sunday If they so desire.
of Residents.
Altered to Meet Requirements
Regulations in Pacific Grove Are
MAY EAT ALL DAY,
EVEN ON A SUNDAY
"No action will be taken by the depart
ment further tha.n to inform Captain For
syth that his explanation is satisfactory
and that the incident will not be treated
as affecting his excellent record."
Acting Secretary Hackett received a re
ply to-day from Captain James N. For
syth to his letter calling that officer's at
tention to an alleged interview published
on the subject of the Sampson-Schley
controversy. Hackett made public a state
ment Baying that Captain Forsyth, while
at Kansas City, Mo., had declined to talk
with a reporter, and adding:
"Captain Forsyth, while coming East,
was detained over Sunday at Kansas
City, Mo. He declined to talk with a re
porter. It seems, however, that he fell
into private conversation with some per
son in the hotel, with no idea that what
he said would be repeated in any form.
His remarks were distorted, and were
used to form the substance of the alleged
interview. Captain Forsyth has made
such disclaimer, and has so frankly
avowed his deep regret at any Indiscre
tion in the premises, that the department
is satisfied there was no Intention on his
part of violating the order of the depart
ment to refrain from public statements.
ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET.
(T^ f N. W., "WASHINGTON, Sept. 5.—
(I . Rear Admiral Schley has finally
succeeded In getting acting Sec
retary of the Navy Hackett to
order to Washington for consultation
with himself and counsel officers whom he
desires shall give testimony before the
court of Inquiry. Admiral Schley. fur
nished the department with a list of^his
witnesses several weeks ago, but no "ac
tion was taken. A few days ago he form
ally requested that his witnesses be di
rected to report to him.
FIFTY THOTTSAJXD ACRES
OF TIMBER LAND SOLD
Hackett replied that the department
would order them to "Washington as rap
idly as circumstances would permit, and
pointed out that to bring them together
simultaneously might . prove disadvan
tageous to the service.
Admiral Schley submitted to Hackett
to-day a letter requesting that all of the
witnesses within available distance be
ordered to this city without delay. Hackett
has observed the admiral's wishes and to
day several officers, most of whom served
on board the Brooklyn, were ordered to
report to him. .
Price for an Immense
Tract. *
Half a Million Dollars Said to Be the
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 5.— The Ore
gonian to-day says: A.. B. Hammond of
this city. has consummated the purchase
of the" largest unbroken tract of timber
land still remaining in first hands In this
State. Fifty thousand acres were in
volved in tho deal and the land is all situ
ated on the Tualatin and Trask rivers. As
sociated with Hammond in the transac
tion is Charles J. Wlnton of Wausau,
Wls. The land was purchased from the
Southern Pacific. The price fe reported
to be in the neighborhood of $500,000.
Murderer Feigns Insanity.
GUTHRIE, O. T.," Sept. 5.— In the Pro
bate Court this afternoon Frank Bills,
the murderer of Farrls Clayton, was
bound over to the Grand Jury without
bonds. He still feigns insanity.
Pretty Doris Radke, Eive Years of Age, Is Honored by the Knights
of This Golden State and Is Sharing? With Them the Pleasures
of the Conclave and Hospitalities Offered by the Kentuckians
The remainder of the afternoon's pro
gramme Included a visit to the Govern
ment building and Inspection of exhibits,
after which" the President returned- to
Mr. Milburn's for dinner, the Invited
guests returning to their hotels. The
President and Mrs.. McKinley visited
the grounds this evening to view the il
lumination and fireworks.
At 2 o'clock the President was - enter
tained at luncheon by the New York
State Committee in the New York State
building. There were 200 guests, includ
ing the members of the diplomatic corps,
members of .the Cabinet, judges, officers
and other distinguished men.
Mrs. McKinley was taken to the
women's building, where she was enter
tained by the women managers. « / ;
A committee representing the States
having exhibits in the horticulture build-
Ing presented Mrs. McKinley with two
baskets of fruit, the choicest of the fine
exhibits in that structure.
From the Stadium the President pro
ceeded to the Canadian building, where
he was met by the Canadian Commission
ers, and viewed the Canadian exhibits.
He next visited the agricultural building,
where he was met by such foreign com
missioners as have no buildings of their
own, but have exhibits in that building-.
He next visited the buildings of Hon
duras, Chile. Mexico, Dominican Repub
lic, Porto Rico and Ecuador, where he
was received by the commissioners of the
respective countries.
The troops then marched past the stand
and performed intricate maneuvers for
fifteen minutes.
President McKinley's speech was fre
quently interrupted with applause, his
words referring to the establishment of
reciprocal treaties with other countries,
the necessity of the American people
building an isthmian canal and a Pacific
cable and his reference to the work of
Blaine in developing the pan-American
Idea, bringing forth especially enthusiastic
cheers. Upon the conclusion of his ad
dress a large number of people broke
through the lines around the stand and
the President held an impromptu recep
tion for fifteen minutes, shaking hands
with thousands. - • -
The carriages were then brought to the
steps of the stand and the President, ac
companied • by the diplomatic corps and
specially Invited guests, was taken to the
Stadium. When the • President arrived
there at 12:15 p. m. the structure was
crowded to the last inch of standing room.
The troops stood at attention while the
President, accompanied by Colonel Chapln
and the officers in command, reviewed
them. Cheer after cheer from the vast
assemblage greeted the chief executive
as he walked from one end of the tribune
to the other and back to the reviewing
stand. . ',*¦:?-¦¦
Holds an Impromptu Reception.
Our earnest prayer Is that God will gracious
ly vouchsafe prosperity, happiness and peace
to all our neighbors and like blessings to all
the peoples and powers of earth.
Who can tell the new thoughts that have
been awakened, the ambitions fired and the
high achievements that will be wrought
through this exposition? GentlenJen. let us
ever remember that our interest ik in accord,
not conflict, and that our real eminence rests
In the victories of peace, not those of war.
We hope that all who are represented here
may be moved to higher and nobler efforts for
their own and the world's good and that. out
of this city may come, not only greater com
merce and trade for us all, but more essential
than these, relations of mutual respect, confi
dence and friendship which will deepen and
endure.
With praises and thanksgiving."
In the furtherance of these objects of na
tional interest and concern, you are perform
ing an Important part. This exposition would
have touched the heart of that American
statesman whose mind was ever alert and
thought ever constant for a larger commerce
and truer fraternity of the republics . of tho
new world. His broad American spirit Is felt
and manifested here. He needs no identifica
tion to an assemblage of Americans anywhere,
for the name of Blaine ' is Inseparably-asso
ciated with the pan-American movement which
finds this practical and substantial expression,
and which we all hope will be firmly, advanced
by the Pan-American Congress that assembles
this autumn In the capital of Mexico. The good
work will go on. It cannot be stopped.. These
buildings will disappear, this creation ' of art
and beauty and Industry will perish from sight,
but their ' Influence will remain to
"Make it live beyond its too short living
If, perchance, some of our tariffs are no
longer needed for revenue or to encourage and
protect our industries at home, why should
they not be employed to extend and promote
our markets abroad? Then, too, we have ina
dequate steamship service. New lines of
steamers have already been put In commission
between the Pacific Coast ports of the United
States and those on the western coasts of Mex
ico and Central and South America. . These
should be followed up with direct steamship
lines between the Eastern coast of • the United
States and South American ports. One of the
needs of the times Is direct commercial lines
from our vast fields of product to the fields
of consumption that we have but barely touch
ed. Next In advantage to having the thing
to sell is to have the convenience to carry It
to the buyer. We must encourage our mer
chant marine. We must have more ships. They
must be under the American flag, built and
manned and owned by Americans. These will
not only be profitable in a commercial sense;
they will be messengers of peace and amity
wherever they go. We must build the Isth
mian ¦ canal, which will unite the two oceans
and give a Etralght line of water communica
tion with the western, coasts of Central and
South America and Mexico. The construction
of a Pacific cable cannot be longer postponed.
Pays Tribute to Memory of Blaine.
Delivers a Masterly Address at the Pan-American Exposition
and Says That the Court of Arbitration Is -the Noblest
Forum for. the Settlement of T Air International Disputes
that this country is in a state of unexampled
Prosperity. The figures are almost appalling.
They show that we are utilizing our fields and
forests and mines and that w« are furnishing
profitable employment to the millions of work
lngmen throughout the United States, bringing
comfort and happiness to their homes and
making it possible to lay by something for old
age and disability. That all the people are
partldpting In this great prosperity Is seen
In every American community ' and shown by
the enormous and unprecedented deposits In
our savings banks. Our duty Is the' care and
security of these deposits, and their safe in
vestment demands the highest integrity and
the best business capacity of those in charge
of these depositories of the people's earnings.
We have a vast and Intricate business, built
up through years of toll and struggle, In
which every part of the country has its stake,
which will not permit of either neglect or of
undue selfishness. No narrow, sordid policy
will subserve it. The greatest skill and wis
dom on the part of the manufacturers and
producers will be required to hold and increase
it. Our industrial enterprises, which have
grown to such great proportions, affect the
homes and occupations of the people and the
welfare of the country. Our capacity to pro
duce has developed so enormously and our
products have so multiplied that the problem
of more markets requires our urgent and im
mediate attention. Only a broad and enlight
ened policy will keep what we have. No other
policy will get more. In these times of mar
velous business energy and gain we ought to
be looking to the future, strengthening the
weak places in our industrial and commercial
r.- s t."- - that we may be ready for any storm
or strain.
Commercial "Wars Aire Unprofitable.
By sensible trade arrangements which will
not interrupt our home production we shall ex
tend the outlets for our increasing surplus. A
system which provides a mutual exchange of
commodities is manifestly essential to the con
tinued healthful growth_of our export trade.
We must not repose in fancied security that
we can forever sell everything and buy little
or nothing. If such a thing were possible it
would not be best for us or for those with
whom we deal. We should take from our cus
tomers such of their products as we can use
without harm to our industries and labor.
Reciprocity Is the natural outgrowth of our
wonderful industrial development under the do
mestic policy now firmly established. What
we produce beyond our domestic consumption
must have a vent abroad. The excess must
be relieved through a foreign outlet and we
should sell everywhere we . can and buy
wherever the buying will enlarge our sales and
productions, and thereby make a greater de
mand for home labor.
The period of exclusiveness is past. The ex
pansion of our trade and commerce Is the
pressing problem. Commercial wars are un
profitable. A policy of good will and friendly
trade relations will prevent reprisals. Re
ciprocity trestles are in harmony with the
spirit of the times; measures of retaliation
are not.
BUFFALO. N. T., Sept. 5.—Presi
dent's day at the Pan-American
Exposition remained clear, with
the temperature sufficiently low
to make the day all that could
be desired. Flags and bunting/ bearing
words of welcome to the President and
expressive of the sentiment which the
great lair Is designed to foster, "Peace
to Pan-America," were profusely In evi
dence.
A detail of police kept the crowd back
from the sidewalk In front of the house
of Mr. Milburn on Delaware avenue,
where the President Is stopping, but those
most eager to catch a glimpse of the
President and Mrs. McKinley indiscrimi
nately invaded the beautiful lawns of the
adjoining residences and some even went
eo far as to climb upon the verandas.
The President and Mrs. McKinley, who
¦walked unassisted, emerged at 10 o'clock.
A creat burst of cheers greeted them,
which the President acknowledged by
bowing and raising his hat. The Presi
dent and Mrs. McKinley entered the first
carriage and Mr. Milburn, president of
the exposition, and Mrs. "William Hamlin
of the board of women managers the sec
ond.
An escort of twenty mounted police and
twenty members of the signal corps sur
rounded the two carriages and the cav
alcade set out at a brisk trot for the Lin
coln Parkway entrance to the exposition
grounds. The two carriages were follow
ed by a number of carriages and tally
hos, their occupants blowing fanfares.
At I the entrance to the exposition
grounds the President was met by de
tachments of the Vnlted States marines
and the Seacoast Artillery and the Sixty
flfth and Seventy-fourth X. G. S. N. Y.
regiments. A President's salute of twen
ty-one guns was fired. The President was
at once escorted to the stand erected in
the Esplanade, where probably the great
est crowd ever assembled there greeted
him with ringing cheers. The vast assem
blage oversowed to the Court of Foun
tains. In the stand on each side of the
President were seated many distinguished
men and women, among them represen
tatives of most of the South American
republics. . .
There was almost absojutev quiet when
President Milburn arose and Introduced
the President, as follows^
"Ladles and gentlemen, the President.
The great audience then broke out -with
a mighty cheer, which continued as Presi
dent McKinley advanced to the front or
the stand. It was some minutes before
he was able to proceed. When quiet was
restored, the President spoke as follows:
"Welcomes Foreign Representatives.
President Milburn. Director General Buchan
an. Commissioners, ladies and gentlemen: 1
am glad to be again In the city of Buffalo
and exchange greetings with her people, to
whose generous hospitality I am not a stran
ger and with whose good will I have been
repeatedly and signally honored. To-day 1
have additional satisfaction in meeting and
giving welcome to the foreign representatives
assembled here whose presence and participa
tion in this exposition have contributed in so
marked a degree to its interest and success.
To the commissioners of the Dominion of Can
ada and the British colonies, the French col
onies the republics of Mexico and -of Central
and South America, and the commissioners of
Cuba and Porto Rico, who share with us In
this undertaking, we give the hand of fellow
ship and felicitate with them upon the tri
umphs of art. science, education and manufac
ture which the old has bequeathed to the new
century.
Expositions are the timekeepers of progress.
They record the world's advancement. They
stimulate the energy, enterprise and intellect
of the people and quicken human genius. They
FO into the home. They broaden and brighten
the daily life of the people. They open mightv
rtorehouses of information to the student.
Every exposition, great or small, has helped
to some onward' step. Comparison of ideas
is always educational, and as such instructs
the brain and hand of man. Friendly rivalry
follows, which Is the 6pur to industrial im
provement, the Inspiration to use future In
vention and to high endeavor in all depart
ments of human activity. It exacts a study
of the wants, comforts and even the whims of
the people and recognizes the efficacy of high
quality and new prices to win their favor.
The quest of trade is an Incentive to men
of business to devise, invent. Improve and
economize In the cost of production. Business
life, whether among ourselves or with other
people, is ever a sharp struggle for success.
It will be none the less so In the future.
Without competition we would be clinging to
the clumsy and antiquated processes of farm
ing and manufacture, and the methods of
" business of long ago, and the twentieth century
tu-ould be no further advanced than the eigh
teenth century. But though commercial com
petitors we are, commercial enemies we must
rot be. The Pan-American Exposition has
done its work thoroughly, presenting in its
exhibits evidences of the highest skill and
illustrating the progress of the human fam
ily in the Western hemisphere. This portion
of the earth has no cause for humiliation for
the part it has performed in the march of
civilization. It has not accomplished every
thing; far from It. It has simply done Its
best and without vanity or boastfulness, and
recognizing the manifold achievements of
ethers, it Invites the friendly rivalry of all
the powers in the peaceful pursuits of trade
end commerce and will co-operate with all in
advancing the highest and best interests of
huTnanlty. The wisdom and energy of all the
netiens "are none too great for the world's
work. The success of art, science, industry
end invention Is an International asset and a
common glory. • i
The Telegraph ESEaces Distances.
After all. how near one to the other is every
part of the world. Modern inventions have
brought Into clc*e relation widely separated
peoples and made them better acquainted.
Geographic and political divisions will continue
to exist, but distances have been effaced.
Swift ehips and fast trains are becoming cos
mopolitan. They Invade the fields which a
few years ago were impenetrable. The world's
products are exchanged as never before and
with ever-increasing transportation facilities
come increasing knowledge and trade. Prices
are fixed with mathematical precision by sup
ply and demand. The world's selling prices are
reg'ilated by market and crop reports. We travel
greater distances In a shorter space of time and
v.-ith more ease than was ever dreamed of by
the fathers. Isolation is no longer possible or
drslrable. The same important news Is read,
thouph In different languages, the same day
In all Christendom. The telegraph keeps us
advised of what Is occurring everywhere, and
the press foreshadows, with more or less ac
curacy, the plans and purposes of the nations.
Market prices of products and of securities are
known hourly in every commercial mart, and
the Im-estments of the people extend beyond
their own national boundaries Into the remot
est parts of the earth. Vast transactions are
conducted and international exchanges are
made by the tick of the cable. Every event of
Jnterert is Immediately bulletined. The quick
gathering and transmission of newe. like rapid
transit, are of recent origin and are only made
possible by the genius of the inventor and the
courage of the investor. It took a special.mes
senger of the Government, with every facility
known at . the time of the rapid travel, nine
teen days to go from the city of Washington
to New Orleans with a message to General
Jackson that the war with England had ceased
end a treaty of peace had been signed. How
different now.
We reached General Mile* In Porto Rleo by
cable and he was able through the military
telegraph to stop his army on the firing line
with the messaire that the United States and
Spain had signed a protocol suspending hostili
ties. W* knew almost Instantly of the first
ehots fired at Santiago, and the subsequent
rurrender of the Spanish forces was known at
Washington within less than an hour of its
consummation. The first ship of Cervera's
fleet had hardly emerged from that historic
harbor when the fact was flashed to our capi
ta! and the swift destruction that followed wa«
announced Immediately through the wonderful
medium of telegraphy. So accustomed are we
to safe and easy communication with distant
lands that Its temporary Interruption even tn
ordinary times results' in loss and ftseonvenl
enc* We shall never forget the days of
anxious waiting and awful suspense when no
Information . was oennltted to be sent from
Peking and the diplomatic representatives of
the nations In China, cut off from all com
munication Inside and outside of the walled
capital, were surrounded by an angry and mis
puided mob that threatened their lives; nor
the Joy that thrilled the world when a single
message from the Government of the -Lnlted
States brought through our Minister the first
news of the safety of the besieged diplomats.
Great Prosperity of the Nation.
At the beginning of the nineteenth. century
there vrae not a mile of steam railroad on the
rlobe. Now there are enough miles to make
lt» circuit many times. Then there wu not a
line of electric telegraph; now we have a vast
mileage traversing all lands and all seas. God
and nan have linked the nations together. No
nation can longer be Indifferent to any other.
An4 as we are brought more and more In touch
with each other there is no occasion for raleua
oeretandinfrs and the stronger the disposition
*-hen we have difficulties to adjust them In
the court of arbitration, which Is the noblest
forum for the settlement of International dls-
V M> ' fellow citizens, ' etatlstlci indicate
Officers Who Will Give Testimony Before the Court of
Inquiry Are Ordered to Washington for Consultation With
Rear Admiral and His Counsel Before Investigation Begins
\. »
Special Dispatch to The Call. - ¦'_
LITTLE GIRL IS MASCOT
OF CALIFORNIA COMMANDERY
PRESIDENT ABLY REVIEWS
OUR INDUSTRIAL PROGRESS
NAVY DEPARTMENT GRANTS
THE REQUEST OF SCHLEY
3
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1901.
| WASHINGTON, Sept. - 5.— Postmaster
commissioned: California— Eugene D. Ar
wine, Dove. . '•
- Pensions granted r Calif ornia-rOriginal —
Samuel Stuart^ Los Angeles, $8; John W.
Fife, Marysville, $6; George W. Grant,
National City, S8; John Curtis,; Veterans'
Home, : Napa, $12; Joel Byrns, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $12; John Street, Veterans
Home, Napa, $17; Michael R. ' Coleman,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $10. Widows
—Leonora Watson, San Francisco, $8.
Oregon— John A. - Barker, Eugene, $12.
Widows— Sophie Joseph. Albany,- $8.
Washington— Orlgnal— Edmond Grady,
Ellensburg,-$8; Warren C. Stetson, Seat
tle, $&; Hiram S. Stevens, New Whatcom,
$6; Francis A:' Rowen, Hayes, $10; Francis
M.McCombs, Seattle,- $S.
' Of Interest to People of tn'e Coast.
.This is not Doris' first experience at a
conclave, though it is her first as a mas
cot. She attended the conclave at Pitts
burg several years ago, but did not then
show such a joyous temperament while
viewing parades.' This time the little girl
did not miss one feature of the conclave.
At the . competitive drill the drill corps
paid the California mascot marked honor.
Little Miss Radke is by right of birth
a Daughter of the Revolution. Her moth
er was Miss Violet Brooks, a lineal de
scendant of a soldier in the Revolutionary
army. . ; . .-.. : ¦ . '
i ¦-'¦ '.with V ; the California -. Comman
dery, which attended the grand encamp
ment at Louisville, and w incidentally
smashed all the gallant susceptible Ken
tucky hearts. Doris assumed the pleas
ant duties of mascot \ to the California
Comnoandery at the earnest request of
the entire body. The position of honor
was offered. the little miss while she jour
neyed across the continent. Not even the
fatlgrue of- travel, the' hot, stuffy cars and
¦ the thousand v and one annoyances that
the traveler encounters - could ruffle the
sweet disposition of . the . little maiden.
* Her sunny temper won for her the love
of all on the train and then and there she
was selected to serve as the comman
dery's mascot. "
CALIFORNIA— Commandery No. 1
.has a mascot— little Doris Radke,
, the flve-y&ar-old daughter of Sir
\ Knight Radke. , Little Doris Is
LITTLE DAUGHTER OF GOLDEN STATE\ WHO WAS UNANIMOUSLY
CHOSEN AS MASCOT OF CALIFORNIA COMMANDERY NO. 1 AT
LOUISVILLE AND WAS PRESENT AT ALL PUBLIC EVENTS. .
Complete synopsis and story
of Hall Caine's latest : novel,
"The Eternal , City," in next
Sunday's CalL
$5,55 A Lot Sale$6.55
.The extensive sales in the past- few weeks left us with a great many broken lots.
There are many lines remaining with only two, three and four suits to a pattern. We can-
not ask the regular price for these, suits* when we may not be able, to fit a man with the pat-
tern he desires. Consequently broken assortments must be disposed of quickly. By reducing
the prices we xlear out the broken lines and incidentally impress people with our values.
Remember, that no one- line at this sale contains all sizes, but the suits as a whole
represent every size. There are a great many patterns, as the. suits were collected from the
entire stock. \ . :
A number 'of overcoats are reduced. also for the same reason as the suits.
A suggestion:. Bring only half the money you usually spend for clothes, but you will
still get the clothes you are used to wearing. . ' , j -
/ Your protection: Money back if you want it. v — .v . \\
The suits are medium weight cheviots and worsteds at •• .-. if. . . ...... $6.55
The overcoats. are covert topcoats in swell shades at. '. .>...-.-.. '. $5.55
Sale of Suits for Young Men
Our object in selling youths' suits at such a low price is two fold: ' jgSSS^
We want to boom the department with the young men and strike out fe^%
for their future- trade by pleasing them immensely in the first place, and ft,,, y
we also wish to keep the department busy. The reductions are genu- JT^^
ine.^If you don'tthink that tHe, suits are worth what they formerly -^^£^8^^
sold for, we will return your money. This is a money-back store, first, i^^^^^^fr^^k
..-The suits are fall. and winter weight Odds and ends from various lines in fffli'lialf^^l '%& '--/"A
tweeds and cheviots in single and the children's department, comprising . |ufija|n|f IwWft' % »Sk»^ *
double breasted sacks; the ages are sailors, vestees, Norfqlks, Russian /'illl'j^lifli^S^^^^'
from 12 to 19 years; former selling blouses and two-piece suits which sold jij|iJil^i|lJ«,%X^^
prices, $10.00. $12.50 and $15.00; the from $4 to $8. are being 'closed out at . Lm^^mp'i^^^r^^
: v'v,,-,- f ..,. . u ' -a A 3=Dav Suit Special
A full line of children's, boys' and . - r «¦ ,
youths' sweaters in swell patterns have Th e suits are sailors for boys from 3 W V\ i|3i!l Jf
lust arrived, $1, ?1.5O, $2. » ' . to 10 years of age and vestees for boys lMUmVV-1 S
t, . ,'r ' '¦' 1 1 "o"« from 3 to 8. They are well made and limil3\rt Sffl
Boys' golf caps, extra value, -oc trimm ed and come in good patterns \l»Fiffl
eac • ¦ t( Price for to-day, to-morrow and Mon- Wfril'Jr V % If
Friend" shirt waists, ages 4 to 12, prices ' S 1 O S wtw \ M.
hatk. '718 Market Street.SACRAMENTO, Sept B.-The State
fair' selling stake over a mile was
the special - fixture at Agricul
tural Park this afternoon of an
otherwise featureless card. There
were only three starters and the Burns
& Waterhouse entry, Scotch Plaid, lately
from Chlcagro, with his railroad legs and
all, was played down to 3 to 5 ; favoritism.
Even money the books laid against Sir
Hampton, while the price about True
Blue soared to 9 to 1. For a time It looked
as if the latter horse might furnish the
Race Is Disgracefully Ridden and Lost by Bad Handling
Amelia, the Favorite In the 2:14 Class, Is Too Strong
¦g for "the Field and Wins Easily in Three Straight Heats
. That Are No More for Her Than Mild Workouts
Coming Event Would Have Had a Chance to Score if C
Ross Had Been a Durrmy Jockey With Rubber Reins.
For the afternoon race, best three in
five, H. A. Bell names Abdine, E. F.
Peart names Deacon, Bert Wertheimer
names Pearl Sinclair. "W. F. Peterson
names Little Maid and L. S. Upson names
Polkadot. • Commercial travelers and their
friends are here from all parts of the
State to witness to-morrow's sport. -The
attendance at the pavilion to-night was
very large, and each incoming train is
swelling the crowd which has already
gathered.
Wilbur Knap and E. M. Lynn will act
as grand marshals and introduce several
new methods in clearing the track.
The judges for the morning races will be
R. H. Davis and A. C. Boldeman of San
Francisco and Andy Hanyel; timers — W.
V, Freeman, R. . M. Richardson. Fred
Johnson, W. F. Slocum, C. F. Hunting
ton, Frank Sieke. Fred Harjes; distance
judge, George Sherman. '
To-morrow will be Commercial • Travel
ers' day, and it will be celebrated at the
park during the day and at the pavilion
in the evening. It is announced that the
first event to-morrow morning will be a
single buggy race, in which no horse will
be allowed to start which has a "record
better than two minutes." A.. G. Stoll,
John Dolan and P. L. Martin; well known
knights of the grip, will compete for the
$50 prize.
The second race will be a double-team
contest for a purse of $100, for which Rob
ert Sullivan. Dan McCarthy, R. B. Bran
ner and Burt Warren have entered. They
will be accompanied, by young lady
friends as escorts, and fancy costumes
will be worn. .
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 5.— The special
event at the pavilion to-night was the re
ception given by the members of the
Tuesday Club, a local literary and mu
sical organization, which has figured
prominently ln local society circles. The
members gave the public a hospitable
welcome and were .warmly : complimented
upon the success of the event.
the Hands of Commercial
¦ Travelers.
Programme for the Day Will Be in
SOCIAL SIDE OF FAIB
DRAWS LARGE CROWDS
Eddie Carey sold David S to "W. I* Stan
fleld this afternoon for $1250. Eddie bought
the geldinij last spring for $300, and as he has
won several races of late the Investment
turned out a good one.
The betting on the race, the free-for-all
trot, was very heavy. The starters were
Boralma, Lord Derby and The Monk As
much as $90,000 went into the pool. Bor
alma was a tremendous favorite before
the start at odds of 3 to 1. His backers
seemed to think he could not lose: Ed
Geers was up behind Lord Derby, Jame-
G. Gatcomb i d^ove i Boralma and M. E.
K ? e h n i y 'fl ieI * d: i he J l S e8 ? ver The M °nk
In. the .first heat Boralma led at the
quarter by a length, with Lord Derby
second and The Monk third. These post
tions were ; maintained into the stretch
when Geers shook out Lord Derby and
the race to the wire was a heart-breaker
LordDerby nailed Boralma at the efghtyl
yard distance and passed the wire a nose
ahead. The last quarter was trotted In
30% seconds. The betting then turned to
HARTFORD. Conn., Sept. 5.— A big
crowd, at Charter Oak, Park this after
noon witnessed the defeat of Thomas
L-awson's celebrated gelding Boralma by
C. J. Hamlin's Lord Derby. ; The race be
tween thesetwo was one of the finest of
the year, and It was only after five heats
had been trotted that the Boston favorite's
colors were lowered. " 1 -.
Five Heats Necessary
to Decide the Hard •
Contest.
BORALMA LOSES
TO LORD DERBY
Kid McFadden Gets Decision in the
Seventh Bound on a Foul -by
Smith.
' SACRAMENTO. Sept. 5.— The fight at -
Oak Park to-night between Kid McFad
den and: Solly Smith was considerable of
a fiasco. There was no real fighting
worth mentioning on either side. Smith 1
seemed to think that he 'could do more
effective work butting with his head than
by using his fists, and his methods called
forth much disapproval from the large
crowd of spectators. Smith began foul
ing in the second round and went down I
once without being struck. The referee. I
however, compelled him to fight. The
contest was awarded to McFadden in the
seventh round on a foul by Smith. The
crowd expected to see a good flght, and'
the suspicion was freely expressed that •
tne affair had the semblance of a put-up:
Job. A boxing exhibition by Gus Ruhlin
and "Denver" Ed Martin preceded the
contest of the evening.
CROWD THINKS FIGHT
LOOKS LIKE A JOB
10 on Lord Derby to 7 on the field, and
the money was put down very last.
The word for the second heat was ariven
to an even start, but fifty yards from the
wire Lord Derby made a disastrous break
and fell away back. Boralma' took the ; 
heat easily from The Monk, and Lord ''-
Derby was just outside the distance.
Boralma was made the pool favorite at
100 to 40 for the field. At the quarter
Boralma led Lord Derby by a length and
retained this to the half. On the lower
turn Lord Derby made an irresistible
burst of speed, passed Boralma, and go- >
ing strongly won the heat by an open,,
length. Lord Derby was again made a
favorite at 4 to 1. As in the second heat. 1
Lord Derby broke at the turn and was :
simply driven to save his distance. Bor
alma was lapped all the way in this heat
by The Monk and won by a short length.
Lord Derby still remained the favorite,
and. keeping his feet all the way. had lit- :
tie difficulty ln taking the last heat and
the race. Summary:
2:06 pace, purse $1500, best three ln flv»—
Edith W won the first, fourth and sixth heat»
In 2:08%, 2:06. 2:07%. Dumont W won the fifth
heat in 2:07%. Mazette won the second heat
in 2:08U- Rlley B won the third beat ln 2:06U.
Hetty G. Billy Andrews, Eyelet and Tha Ad
miral also started.
Free-for-all trot, purse $2300. best three la
five:
Lord Derby. . b. g., by Mambrlno - . - '•
King-Claribel, by Hainan's Al
mont Jr. (Geers) i. 13 111
Boralma. ch. g. (GatcombT 2 1 2 1 J
The Monk. br. g. (McHenry) 3 2 3 2 8
Time. 2:06i/4. 2:07. 2*07%, 2:09. 2:10.
2:10 trot, purse «50O. best three ln five — Tor- ->
gles won three straight heats In 2:11%, 2:09»i.
2:10%. Slater Alice. Onward Silver and Little '
Dick also started.
2:H pace, purse $3000. best three ln five— Dan
Patch won three straight heats tn 2;0S s i. '
2:08%. 2:m4. Armorel. Council Chimes. La
conda,. Captain Sphinx and Jack Harding also
started.
To-morrow's card contains the great Charter
Oak -stakes for $10,000. 1
Oakland 7, Sacramento 1.
Mr. Hoffer of Sacramento had a good
chance to show himself before San Fran- i
Cisco fanatics at Recreation grounds yes- i
terday afternoon. He did not face the :
lucky Wasps or the gigantic Angels. Hia
opponents were none other than the sel -
dom hitting Dudes, the tailenders In the
column; yet they fell upon his curves. ?
bunched their hits and by a plenitude of :
sizzling doubles and singles and a round
toe-blOCk swat by Francks murdered the :
hope of Sacramental salvation. Johnson"
on the other hand, was too good for the
Senators. Three safeties were all that
came from the stick efforts of the Sen
ators.
In the second inning Hoffer shot an In
curve against Dunleavy's head. The ball
landed firmly on the back portion of the
cranium and Dunleavy went down and
out for six times ten seconds. When he i
revived he walKed off the field, Moskiman
taking his place in the left garden when
the Dudes went to the field.
The first runs were registered ln the
fourth, when Moskiman, safe on first
with an honest hit, cantered around the
bags on Francks* long fly over the right
field fence. After that the Dudes began i
to unravel Hoffer.
In the fifth it looked as if the Senators •
would have a chance at passing several
run measures, but they were doomed ear
ly in the day. The feature of this inning
was a catch by Streib off the right field
fence, which robbed Courtney of a two
bagger. The score:
SACRAMENTO.
• AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereairx, a. s 3 0 . 0. 1 2 0 0 >
Courtney. 2b 4 0 0 0 i s 3
McLaughlin. 1. f 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
Doyle, c. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 1
Sheehan. 3b...- 4 0 10 0 10
Stanley, c 3 0 0 1 6 1 0
Hanlon, lb.... 2 0 0 0 8 11
Ashenbach. r. f 3 110 110
Hoffer. p 3 0 1 0 1 4 0 1
_______
Totals 29 1' 3 2 24 11 4/
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. FO. A. E.'
Babbitt. 3b 4 1 3 0 1 Z <]
Streib. r. f 5 0 1 0 4 0 9'
Eagan. lb 4 1 0 0 11 0 0j
Drennan, c. f 4 0 2 0 0- 0 • -Oi
Lehman, c 4 A 0 0 4 2 0
Dunleavy, 1. f........ 0 0 0 0 0 0 o ;
Francks. s. s 3 3 2 0 6 3 I
Arrellanea. 2b 4 0 0 0 0 2 »;
Johnson, p 3 0 10 0 2 0:
Motkiman, 1. f 3 2 2 0 1 0 0i
'-Totals 34 7 11 .0 27 11 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento.. 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 0— -1|
Base hits 0 0 0 12 0 0 0 0—3;
Oakland 0 0022 102 •— 7^
Base hits. « 1 0 0 2 2 3 1 2 •— 11/
SUMMARY. ;. : s . - s '
Runs responsible for— Hoffer 3. Home run—
Francks. Two- base hits— Sheehan. Ashenbach.
Hoffer, Babbitt. Drennan. Johnson. Moskiman.
Sacrifice hits — Francks, Johnson. First base on
errors — Oakland 3. Sacramento 1. First bas» ¦
on called balls— Oakland I, Sacramento 3. Lett
on bases— Oakland 7, Sacramento 5. Struck out
—By Hoffer 4, by Johnson 2. Hit by pitcher*
Dunleavy. "Wild pitch— Hoffer. Time of gam
— 2:00. Umpire— Levy. Official scorer— MeFar«.
lin.
Doubles in Profusion and a
Home Run by Buck
Francks.
for Ewing's Ball
Tossers.
Hoffer Is an Easy Mark,
DUDES WIN BY
HARD HITTING
SIR HAMPTON EQUALS THE TRACK RECORD AND EASILY
WINS THE STATE FAIR SELLING STAKE AT SACRAMENTO
T fiB S^S CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1901^
Gaudaur Race Postponed.
•WINNIPEG/ Sept. 5.— The •• Gaudaur-
Towne sculllngr race was psstpened again
to-day on account of rough water. .
¦¦¦ A.' dollar unjustly .- gained • cannot- -be
justly kept. " • - .
. Three new railway lines are to be con
structed on the eastern and northeastern
shores of the Baltic Sea.
The conditions of the John Grace chal
lenge stake, which is to be run at Union
Coursing Park on October 18 and 19, were
changed at a meeting of the Interstate
Coursing Club last "Wednesday evening
Instead of a sixty-f our-dog stake,. as in
former years, and, a $50 entrance fee the
f^wnfhlHt a / ort y-ej[?ht-dog .affair and
|2a will be the fee. This was decided on
i t a v^ Se P f the unsettled state of affairs
in tnls city. ¦. * - ' ,-..-..
wL he tin U i e governing the payment" of fees
, aJ L $10 J?™ 11 and $15 t0 be Paid the night
of the drawing. Ten minutes 1 after - the
committee had reported on the size of the
stake forty-eight nominations were made
but these will not be- made public for a
few days. The drawing: for. this classic
stake will take place on, the evening of
October 16. v This stake • is the biggest \ in
America and is an annual event in cours
ing circles. '.' ¦•• ¦¦'.; ' :.- •,
Owing, to Unsettled State of Affairs
Initiation Fee Has Been * <
Reduced.
NEW CONDITION FOB
BIO COURSING STAKE
Runs responsible » for-?-Whalen ', 1.' ' IburW • 3
Three-base hits— Householder, Krug. ' Two-baae
hlt-C. -Reilly. ; / Sacrifice hits-Hutchinson
? ha i::vJ irst ; ba^ on' called -baUs-Oft Whalen
3. off Ibu ire 2. oil Jones 1. 'Left on bases— Loa
Angreles 8. San, Francisco; 9. a Struck out-Ey
Jones : 4. Hit 'by; pitcher-Iburjr.' • Time of
game— Two hours. 'Umpire^-Hardle -
Los Ansreles .......I 0 0 0 2 1 0 1 *— 5
Base hits 1010220 $'•— 9
San Francisco ......... 0 0 0 2' 0 0* 0 0 0-^-2
Base hits ..y. ;....-.. 1 ,q "t r 2 1 1> i: o 2—9
: ¦/ suMMART..:: ., ;¦ ;' ¦ ¦¦¦; ¦
HUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Totals ............35 2 ' 9 2 11 --12 • 1
•Brockhoff batted for Iburg in the ninth-in
ning. , ., ¦¦¦¦:
__' V . , j'--.' UB..R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hutchinson, lb...... 3 11 111 1 1
Atherton.*2b 3 0 .0 0- I- 3 o
Householder, cf .... 8 110 SO 0
C. RelUy t 3b..: 4 0 2 0 110
Bowman, If 4 0 0 1 8 .0 0
Kelly, -ss 4 0 2 1 '3 4 l
Moore, rt ........... 3 2 -1. 0. . ' 1 0 0
6ples, O ............. 3 0 1 0 4 1 0
Jones, p 4 11-0 0 4 0
Totals ....31 -B 9 3 ,27 14 1
. ' , SAN. KRANCISCX>. .
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B
NorJyke, cf 6 0 0 0 1 0 0
Wilson, c 4 0 2 0 2 10
Pabst, lb 4 .0 1 I 1 14' 00
Schwartx, rf ......... 4.. 12 11 0 1
Hildebrand, If ...... 4 1 0 0 0 0 0
Bhay.BS .............SO- 0 0 -3 3 o
Kruff, 2b ...4 0 2 0 1 5 0
J. Rellly. 3b 4 0 1 0" 2 10
"Whalen, p ........... 0 •' 0 0 0' 0 ¦ 0 0
Iburgf, p :... 3 0 0- O : 0 ' 2 O
•Brockhoff ........... 1 0 1 0 :0 00
LOS ANGELES.
Los Angeles Wins.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. ,5.— Umpire Har
die had: no control of the players; tQ-day.
He fined Whalen and put him out of the
game in the second inriinsr, then wanted
to let. him, stay. San Francisco had the
bases full in the ninth and' a twenty min
utes' - wrangle occurred over which ball
was in play , Hardie first deciding one
way and then another. Pabst protested
the game on this ground. Score:
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.— After .waiting
three hours for a breeze. Manager Jame
son cf the Shamrock II held a consulta
tion with Eir Thomas Lip^on and Design
er V.'atson, and they decided not to take
the yacht out for a trial spin to-day, but
to unbend the mainsail and try one that
fcas never been . used and that needs
etretching. This was done during the aft
ernoon and by sundown the yacht was all
ready for an early start to-morrow morn-
At noon an Associated Press dispatch
that the Columbia had been
officially selected to defend the America's
cuj* was handed to Sir Thomas Lipton en i
bo&rd the Erin. After reading it. he said
1 thank you for the information. Of
course, I shall abide by any decision the
committee may make, I am sure thev
Jj have made a proper selection, for I know
their judgment is correct. All I want it
to sail the Shamrock against the fastest
boat in America, and If it is the Columbia
we are all ready. I am glad ths decision
has been made."
N'either Mr. Jameson nor Mr. Watson
cared to say anything about the selection
of .. the Columbia. Captain Sycamore
Beemed pleased.
"We have thought all along that she
would be the boat," said he, "and I'm
sure that anything the New York Yacht
Club does is satisfactory."- - •
If *Jl ere ls a sood breez e in the mornlne
the Shamrock will surely be sent over
_one of the America's cup courses, either
fifteen miles to windward or leeward and
return or over a triangular course of ten
miles to the leg.
There seems to be a jubilent' feelinr
among the crew of the Shamrock at th*
selection of the Columbia as the cup de
fender. ¦ .They have not- much to say but
It Is plain that they feel much encour
aged at the prospect of, meeting the old
defender of 1899. for they do not believe
she has improved enough 1 , to beat the
Shamrock II in any kind of weather. They
art'He that their yacht was designed to
beat one ten faster than the Co
lumbia, and so they can surely beat her
with the Shamrock II, as she is now in
perfect racing form. ;
Committee.
Encouraged Over the Change Due to
the "Selection of American
- In the afternoon two very exciting con
tests were running at the same time. On,
one. court Bob Whitney. and.W. B: Collier
were the contestants, while on - the other
Merle Johnson and Grant Smith were op
posed to each . other. "Whitney changed
his style of Play, and instead of driving
everything played a . safe chop game,
which enabled him to! win from his club
mate. Collier tried f hard and fought to
the last, - but :.he secured only one set' to
his opponent's three. The score in 'Whit
ney s favor was 6—3, 6—3, 3—6, 6—2.
¦ In the other match Johnson fought des-"
perately and was out to win, while Smith
Played indifferently, seeming to care lit
tle whether, he won or,' lost. The match
finally went to the latter, the score being
6—3,7—9,6-2,9—7.- • . , *
¦ Harold Braly had little difficulty in beat
ing Charles Kuehn. • whom he I outclassed
considerably. « The- latter, who is an inex
perienced j man, was very nervous . at the
Three of the men from the south drew
in the lower half ,- while Braley is in the
upper half and will probably be . Bob
Whitney's : opponent in the semi-finals.
Smith and. Murdock are the only two
northern men left in the lower -half .,
When play was stopped yesterday after
noon seven men were still in the ranks
to fight ' for first . honors. Bob Whitney
has reached the semi-finals and will play
the winner of • the Braley-Hunt match.
In the lower half the winner of the Bell-
Smith match will play the winner of the
Murdock-Sinsabaugh match. The win
ners of these matches will play In the
finals Saturday morning. -•
Ip the first match of the day Frank
Stringham defeated, C. C. Brackin In
straight sets. Score, 6—1, 6-2, 6-3. While
this match was being played ? Reuben
Hunt took three sets out of four from
Fred Brown. The match was very evenly
contested, and at - several stages of . the
game Brown*, looked to be a winner, but
he failed at : criticar times and his oppo
nent won out 6— l; 3—8, 6— 4, 8— 6.. .
S. Slnsabaugh proved much too strong
for Clay Gooding, whom, he def.ea.ted 6—2,
6— 2, 6 — 0. Hendrlcks, who has a bad knee,
figured that he had little chance of beat
ing Bell, and in .order to make the lat
ter's chances \of winning.. better he de
faulted. .¦; .-..;¦..-, ¦.';¦ ¦•'.¦"¦.-. •". -: ¦•"¦-¦
The opening 1 matches of the Blngles .tour
nament for the championship of the coast
were played yesterday at San, Rafael, .and
a majority of the matches were very close
and exciting. Sixteen men were on hand
when play was called, and nearly all are
experts with the racket. The poorer
players evidently figured ;. that with so
many crocks entered they would stand
but little chance getting anywhere, and
consequently stayed out.
Second race, four and a half furlongs, sell
ih^^met^ 011 - Martha D « c °^ barter
Fourth race, five furlonra. uelllng-J, Pat
2f k . W0 ,V¥ 0Wlch 6econd - Frank McKee third.
• lime, luz^ft. , '.
i' F « fth raM V ¦«* /urlonrs. B eHin s — Young
veT VrT Tlm d r l?u er f^'i G ° Iden Har!
"»f Et3 i lh ™ ce - one mile and an eighth, selling—
tWrt Tim V e On i-e«4 VOCatOr 6eC ° ndl Warranted
. 'CT. '< LOUIS. Sept. - 5— The directors of
FORT ERIE. Ont., Sept. 5.-Summary: ?> '
First race, seven furlongs, selling— Hie Away
Tta'e r 27 Falnle 8econd . Prince Ester third
Sixth rx.ee. one and a sixteenth miles, on
turf. selllnK-Bcdeck won. Speedmas second.
Dolando third. Time, 1:4$.
Fourth race, the turf handicap, one and a
quarter mileR. on turf— Watercure won. Decan
ter second. Kamara third. Time. 2:08 1-5.
Fifth race seven furlongs— Duelist won.
Belle ot Lexington second. Chuctanunda third.
Ximi', 1:26 3-5.
Fecond race, one mile— Golden Grain won.
Arak second. Lamp O'Lee third. Time, 141
Third race, the Dash, five furlongs— Heno
won. - Leonora Lorin<c second. Cameron third.
Time, :£3 2-5.
Seventh race, one mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing — I)ei;man Thompson -won, Havlland sec
ond, Gawalne third. Time, 1:45 4-6.
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.-Sheepshead Bay sum
mary:
First race, five furlongs— Flora Pomona won.
Roes ut May eecond. Hatasco third. Time,
Sixth race, five furlongs, selling— Belle o?
Minco won, Dodie S second. Step Onwar-'
third. Time, 1:01 4*5.
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Miracle II won.
Anthracite second. Brutal third. Time
1:40 2-5. ;
First race, six furlongs— Delia Ostrand won
Haidee second, Riverdale third. Time. 1:14 3-5
Second race, iix furlongs— Burnie Bunton
won. Headwater second. The Lady third.
7 Ime, -1:12 4-5.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards —
Jiminez won. Federal second, Charlie O'Brien
third. Tirre. l:« 3-5.
Fourth race, sapling stakes, half mile—Nel
lie Waddell won, Masi second. Ed Austin
The former world's record, 1:43^4, was
made on the Harlem track- in July. 1894,
by Lillian Lee, who carried 95 pounds.
Jiminez to-day, with 101 pounds up, made
the fastest race run on a circular track
in this country. The race was between
the winner and Federal, and with both
horses in splendid condition and on a fast
track Jiminez was forced to a record
brcakingr pace to land the prize. ' Sum
xizary:
CHICAGO, Sept. 5.— At. Harlem to-day
the world'B record for a mile and seventy
yards was made by Jiminez. in the third
race, in 1:12 3-5.
V
Working Out Tennis
Tournament at San
, Rafael.
Covers the Mile and
Sevehty Yards in
-, 1:42 3-5.
Vr r e!i ll p n If C l > Me 'l chan t<«' handicap, one mile-
Time. *44 "' Deca P<> second. Donator third.
«,£? u 5 h race ' slx 'uriongs. selling— Searchlight
won. Homage second. Onyx third. Time, 1:1ft
H^"" ™ ce - flv * furlongs-Sea Queen won.
Honest John second. Largerta third. Time!
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 5.— Delmar Park summary:
First race, six and a half furlongs, selling—
Boot,* won. Fearful second, Ben Frost third.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Ed L won
Drlsarte second. Horseshoe Tobacco third,
l imjp, l :15. , . ,
Third race, five and a half furlonps. selling—
third Tim'e Ra ' ne second * Slstcr Sarah
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell-
Sw!sa; satin coat second '
vwi£ R a n e> one ™» e . selling-Teucer" won.
third Time TTlV A " Burnett ' 8 w a"<away
pf/nt th wn aC^T> S . lx * f " rlon^ s - selling-Warren
third* l^j"^ Stonemouth second. Ellis
HELENA. Mont.. Sept. 5.— Opening day of
races. Weather bad. Summary: ,°
First race, five furlongs. selling-Mldlove won
Mountain Queen second, High Hoe third. Tim";
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs, selling—
Elren gong won, Eva's Darling second, Papa
Harry third. Time. 1:23%. "
Third race, five and a half furlongs— Miss
Hume won. Brannigan second, Duela third.
Time. l:C9?i.
Fourth race, six furlongs, nurse— Kitty O
won. Star Cotton second, Mrs. Brunell third.
Time, 1:16. >
Kinloch Park decided to-day to \ close
down temporarily until General Manager
Joseph A. Murphy can legally determine
the standing of the club in the councils
of the Western Jockey Club, or until he
can interest some of the horsemen in Chi
cago in the matter of racing at Kinloch.
This action was only taken after a major
ity of the owners stabled at Kinloch had
approved of it. Summary:
First race, mile and an eighth, selling— Sa
rilla won, Muskalonge second, Countess Clara
third. Time, 1:57%.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling— Man of
Honor wen. The Jefferson second. Little Lois
third. Time, 1:30.
FIRST DAY OF
SING LES PLAY
outset, but toward 'the end his game lm-
VoV'^&H^t-! 00 ' 6 ln Daley's fa-
The last match of the first round was
between Percy Murdock 1 and Drummonci
McGavin. The latter played a great
game in the doubles, and it was thought
thaf he would beat Murdock easily, but
he absolutely refused to try. • Murdock
T o ? Q? ma tch in straight sets 6—3, &— 4,
fr-0. McGavin, who Is a brilliant player,
nae the name of being: a rank quitter, and
he certainly lived up to . his reputation
yesterday. His main desire seemed to be
to &?* through with the match as soon as
possible). ' — • . > •
The only match played ln the second
round was between R. N. Whitney and F.
Stringham. ' The former, 3 who won 6—1;
6—3. 6—2, is now in the semi-finals.
The best match of to-day, will be be
tween Alfonso Bell, the champion of
Southern California, and - Grant Smith,
one of San Francisco's best players. The
odds are all in favor of the former, as.
Smith has figured in four hard matches
in the last two days, while Bell has had
to play but one. A large crowd will be
on hand to witness the match, and a great
battle is anticipated. The match will be
played at 10:30 a. m.
_ Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Pongo 112
im° Un T fit pT 10 L C Wi m Com »n& Event
S Peliio^fm 106 ' Canderos m ' Lost m
Fifth race, maiden two-year-olds five fur
longs—Charette 100. Wandering Boy 103 Daw
eon 105. Isar 100. Resin 103.. Senator Bruce 108,
Marlosa 110. - - ¦ - - - ¦ . ¦ , - .
Third race, maiden two-year-olds, five fur
°ngs-Jennie^Hughes 110. Flattered' 105, Lulette
10o^ Yankee Dame 110. Redan 108.. Quadra 105
Fourth race, selling, five and a half furlongs
-Sea- Spray 112, El Mido 112. Cromwell 112:
Jim McCleevy 112, Lizzella 112. Alicia 109, Del
coy 112, Whaleback 112, Meropa 112,' Limber
Jim 112. . .
o?» 0m B "i *¦ T F1< £? J Y?. ora ' Quiboul, ! Almonada,
Ole, Prince L, Walling. The Tout, Shelby.
Second race, drummers' race, three in five—
Abdine. Deacon. Little Maid,- Pearl Sinclair,
Folka Dot. ¦ " ,
Artilla, 102 b. f. by - Artillery-Duchess of
Towers (Burlingame), 8 to 1.... }... 2
Coming Event, 102, b. m. by Calvados- Ka- I
trinka (C. Ross). 4 to 5.: 3
Time. 1:35. Casdale 105, Kastaine 112, Galan
thus 97 and Nettie Clark 109 also ran.
Sixth race— Five furlongs, selling; purse, $200.
P. Sullivan's br. g. Almoner, 122, by Midloth
ian-Charity (McCarthy), 6 to 5 I
Katie Wolcott, 112. ch. m. by Prince Royal-
Peielope (Bozcman), 2 to 1 $
Clarando., 119, b. m. by Clarandon-Vblturno
(Russell), 6 to 1 3
.Time. 1:01%. Gold Baron 122, Gypsy Boy
101. Mike Strauss 129. First Shot 122, Fine Shot
122 and Blue Bell 126 also ran.
To-morrow's Entries.
First race, trotting, 2:20 class, three in five-
HORSES, MEN AND INCIDENTS THAT CATCH THE PUBLIC EYE AT
..THE. STATE -FAIR AT SACRAMENTO. ANZELLA HAD AN EASY
; TIME WINNING THE CLASS EVENT FROM A SMALL, FIELD '
Fifth race— Seven and a half furlongs, cell
ing : purse. $225. • .
J. McGovern's ch. m. Torsida, 102, by Torso-
Judith (McCarthy), 2 to 1 1
away poorly, he collered Katie* Wolcott
in the stretch, downing the mare by half a
length. The latter had her odds hammered
down from 6 to 2.
"summary.
First race— Road race for members of Sacra
mento Driving Club, heats, three in five. '
Monroe ,B. b. g. by Monroe (F. J. .
Ruhstaller) 4 3 1 1 i
Baby Button, br. h. by Alexander
Button (F. Wright).... 12 2 2 2
Pio. b. g. by Fern (C. W. Paine)... 3 4 3 r.o.
Regina F, b. m. ¦ by Alto Rex (L. S.
Upson) 2 1 dlst
Candy Joe, br. g. by Berlin (WIN
liam Trust) . 5 dist "
Pansy, ch. m. by Prompter (H.
Bell) : dlst
Time— 2:20, 2:22, 2:22, 2:28, 2:30.
Second race, trotting, 2:14 class; purse, $1000.
Anzella, b. m. by Antrim-Hazel' Kirke
(Kelley) :... 11 1
Dan W, rn. g. by Hero (Albretson) 3 2 2
Claudius,- b. s. by Nutwood "Wllkea (Bar-" ,.:
stow) : 2 .3 3
Osito, hr. h. ¦ by McKinney (Mulholland
I and W. Hogoboom)... v. ......I:.... ... 4 4 4
! Boydello, b. h. by Boydell (Lafferty) .... diat
Time, 2:17, 2:16, 2:15^4-
Third race— Five and a half furlongs, selling
two -year-olds; purse, $250.
J. P. Atkins" ch. g. Glendenning, 109, by St.
Carlo-Glenlivet (Logue), 1 to 7... l
Lapidup, 103. b. c. by Star Ruby-Pearl V -
(Kansch). 3 to 1 2
Morelio, 103. ch. c. by Mariner-Fidelia (C.
Ross). 20 to 1 ,..3
Time, 1:C8. Colonel Smith 93 and Ah 93 also
ran. •
Fourth race— Sacramento State Fair Selling
stake, one mile; value, $630.
George Miller's br. c. Sir Hampton, 100. by
Watercress-Lizzie Hampton (Logue), even.. 1
Scotch Plaid. 106. b. g. by Midlothian-Mottle
fRansch), 3 to 5 2
True Blue. 102, ch. h. by Duke of Norfolk- ¦
Carmen (Holmes), '9 to 1 3
Time, 1:40. Three, starters.
JIMINEZ BREAKS
WORLD'S RECORD
If Coming Event had been ridden by a
clothing store dummy with rubber reins
his backers might have had a chance to
cash. The mare had C. Ross on her back
and, an even money chance, was disgrace-'
fully ridden. Torsida, played from 4 to "
beat Artilla a head on the post.
McCarthy has apparently turned over
a new leaf, for he handled the five-furlong
sprint following with Almoner, the 6 to
o favorite, owned by himself. Getting
Jack Atkins' fast gelding, Glendenning,
had nothing to beat in the two
year-old scramble but Lapidus, the Jen
nings' entry. The books held the St. Carlo
youngster a 1 to- 7 chance, and he won
pricking up his ears. Lapidus. with
Ransch up, finished second, lengths be-
Morello. • .
Nothing could touch Anzella in the 2:14
trot. The Oregon mare rulled an over
whelming choice in the auction pooling,
and the three necessary heats to annex
the long end of the purse were scarcely
workouts for her. Second money went' to
Dan W, the roan horse, and third to Clau
dius.
Promptly at 1 o'clock Judges General
A. M. Barrett, Grove L. Johnson and
Fred Cox called the starters in the gen-'
tlemen's road race. The pick of the wise
ones was Regina F, which was held a 2 to
6 favorite for the first heat, with L. S.
Upson holding the ribbons. Putting in a
challenge when straightened for the wire,
the favorite fell just a bit short, losing
out by a head to Baby Button, superbly
driven by F. Wright. Regina still re- j
tained the honors of favoritism in the ring
and In the next heat scored cleverly,
Baby Button leaving his feet at the pad
dock. Just about this time F. Ruhstaller,
presiding over the destinies of Monroe B,
seemed to have the game gauged, and
taking hold of Regina in the stretch,' won
smilingly In 2:22 at odds of 6 to 1. Baby
Button finished second, and after making
a disastrous break at the first turn the
first choice was distanced. Baby Button
did his best In the two following heats
but Monroe B clearly held him safe, and
his victory seemed very popular with the
natives.
Monroe B, driven by F. Rushstaller. cap
tured the gentlemen's road race, just a
trifle overlooked In the early betting, but
Anzella, favorite for the 2:14 trot, did not
disappoint her backers, scoring In straight
heats. In the runing events choices took
two of the four numbers decided, <i
A cooling breeze made the weather bear
able, and the crowd was made up largely
of members of the gentler sex.
surprise. He led for half the route, his
mouth wide open, but then he sulked.
Louge, astride Sir Hampton, now assumed
the front position, and though Kansch
grave the favorite a harsh shaking up,
George Miller's brown colt won almost
easily In 1:40, track record for the dis
tance made by Vlnctor some years ago. -
CAPTAIN OF SHAMROCK
PLEASED WITH CHOICE
ED. Morgan, the manaeer of the Co
lumbia, said he would make every effort
to place the old cup defender in as- per
fect shape as possible. He said she is In
excellent trim at present. It is too late
tor a new mainsail, but with a few slight
alterations to the present one it is hoped
that it will carry the yacht througn me
K^ r L r^ CPS s V. ccessfulI >'- A " attempt will
be made to have two other ola mainsails
placed in condition, so that they may be
used in an emergency.
Mr. Morgan seemed pleased with the
challenge committee's selection, but re
fused to comment on it. He expressed
much sympathy, however, for Mr Dun
can and praised his work during the year
An interesting feature of the affair i«
the future of the Constitution. August
belmont endured the rejection of the boat
of which he is the principal owner, with
philosophic fortitude. He will keep her
*Lf,?3F mi r S5 M n V so^ that lf an >' accident
should befall the Columbia she would be
ready to fill the gap. Mr. Eelmont will
do. all in his power to help the Columbia
to keep tne cup on this side of the At
lantic. He will lend her sails, spars or
any other gear that may be needed
There have been some attacks on Cap
tain Barr of the Columbia. His crew is
largely made up of men of Scandinavian
origin, and there may be a little preju-
Glee against them on that account among
certain people. The fact is. however, that
the crew is one of the best that ever
manned a Jfl-footer. Another factor of Im
portance is that J. P. Morgan, owner of
tne Columbia, sta-nds by Captain Barr In
his aggressive sailing of the yacht. He
realizes that a man to beat such masters
t /ff- . Jocke >* in * as Captains Sycamore
end Wrir.ge must have plenty of snap and
Hre to be able to outmaneuver the enemy,
g. D. Morgan is also back of Captain
™?l rr - u Capt , ai 5 ? arr mad ' ? no mistakes
when he sailed the Columbia against the
nrst Shamrock, and many expert yachts
men In Newport to-day are confident that"
the old craft was never so competent to
race as at the present time.
The news of the selection of the Colum
bia to meet the Shamrock II when re
ceived at the Stock Exchange apparently
caused no great amount of Shamrock
money to uncover. Nor did it affect the
odds formerly obtained by backers of the
visitor. Little betting, however, was re
corded during the day. One wager of S5tw
on the Columbia to $409 on the Shamrock
was made. An offer of $1000 even money
en tne Columbia was made, with no
takers, shortly before the exchange
closed. ,
The time between now and the Inter
national race off Sandy Hook on Septem
ber 21 will be spent in putting: the Csium
bia in the best possible condition to de
iend the cup.
There have been no plans as to the fu
ture of the Constitution. She will be left
here a few days until her owners have
had a chance to meet and discuss the mat
ter.
After the challenge committee's meet
ing to-day it was learned that there would
be nc more racing of the 90-footersv at
Newport.
NEWPORT. R. I.. Sept. 5.— The yacht
Columbia, champion of 1S99. has been
chosen to race against the Shamrock II
in defense of the America's cup. This
decision was reached to-day, after a con
ference lasting two hours between the
members of the challenge committee. All
•were present, and Commodore Lewis Cass
Ledyard presided. < It was held that whhe
the decjslpnj_ini 1 ght "be disappointing to
the syndicate" whicli owns the Constitu
tion, the committee ', was compelled to
choose the Columbia, whose races havs
not shown the erratic form manifested
by her rival.. "\V. Butler Duncan Jr.. man
ager of the Constitution, expressed disap
pointment that his boat had not been se
lected as the cup defender. He said every
thing possible bad been done to get the
best tpeea out or" her, and that he had no
lauit to nna with otScers or crew. He
la.a much i>iame on the sails of tne boat
lor her erratic racing. He said that- It
Vits a. inistaKe to change the nrst main
bnu, with which she was doing such good
¦w<jik in her early performances.
1 he announcement ot tne selection of
the Columbia uas received here wita ei
jjiessions ot approval among yacntsmen.
tone tins shown nerseif such a reliable all
around yacht that the decision of the
cnauenge comnuttee is heid to be strlctjy
just a.r.a impartial.
As uitertgteii yachtsmen view the situ
ation, the Cojuniola has been tuned up j.u
the point of perfection. The members of
htr crew are enthusiastic beaevers in her
capabilities. Their drill and discipline are
beyond praise, and nobody who has
watched them has any douDt that they
will irake a gallant defense of the cup.
At the same time it is pointed out tnat
BJLr. Duncan, manager of the Constitution,
Iiks had a great deal to contend with. It
is the opinion of many of his friends that
if Nat Herreshoff had not been confined
to his room by illness he could have rem
edied the faults of the Constitution and
brought her out a winner. • •
General Good Sportsmanship
Displayed by AH
Parties.
Committee Selects Old
Boat for the Big
Races.
COLUMBIA WILL
BE THE YACHT
4
Mn'^m Repeating Rifiesl
1 »y *^ylfri g^PJ "^ es are ma^ e ' n a H desirable calibers, weights, and
iSffiB^^P^ ¦ W/#ic/ies£e#* Ammunition
. j^^^^jj^ WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO., f&tii&gfetiThe captain had petitioned . for a writ
of prohibition with the Intention of carry
ing the matter directly to the Supreme
Court, where it will undoubtedly go,
whichever party to the contest wins in
the lower courts. This plan has been frus
trated and the case will now come up in
the regular way.
The action of the Supreme Court, how
ever, does not indicate anything as to the
merits of the dispute, but i is merely a
statement that legal formalities ! have
been properly . conducted and that there
is therefore no ground for Interference
at present. '.- _.y- ¦ .
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that , the Sheriff could legally issue the
venire for jurors for Police Captain Witt
man's impending trial on the charge of
battery on James Masse, a marine fire
man: ¦ ¦ . -. ¦ .' _
Sheriff.
Be Summoned by the
Jurors for Police Captain's Trial May
SUPREME COURT DENIES
WITTMAN'S PETITION
The artist who can draw a salary has no
cause, for complaint- : . r •¦ ¦¦-. : ¦ ¦
Policeman P. Callahan swore to com
plaints in Judge Fritz's court yesterday
charging four strikers with ' assault to
murder. One of them is James Carr."who
was wounded by Callahan and is now in
the Receiving Hospital. Callahan swore
to three other complaints Tuesday, b.ut
none of the men have as yet been arrest
ed. Eight shots were fired at Callahan
at- Second and Brannan streets Sunday
afternon but none of the bullets hit him.
Warrants for Strikers.
The -word *.s now abbreviated to the
"Pan-Am." In Buffalo.
The Building Trades Council will hold a
Brand ball and prize distribution next
Saturday evening at Odd Fellows' Hall.
The affair will be in a way the termina
tion of the successful picnic which was
held at Shell Mound Park on Labor day,
fend the prizes distributed will be those
won at the outing. Arrangements for the
ball were completed at the regular week
'y meeting of the council, held last night.
Building Trades' Grand Ball.
. OAKLAND, Sept. 5.-The executive
committee of the Building Trades Coun^;
ell, to which was referred the matter, of
the handling of lumber and . coal - cargoes
by union longshoremen and teamsters, to
night postponed decision until next Tues
day evening. Meanwhile the lumber on
the docks will -be handled .by union men
as during the past two weeks. ' • -, ¦
Union Men Still Handle Lumber.
Frank Wilson and William Hill, union
sailors, were arrested by Sergeant Cook
and Officers Bakullch, McCormick i and
McGrath and charged with battery upon
Thomas Riley, whom they assaulted in
front of the Sailors' Union hall early yes
terday morning. Riley was met by Wilson
and Hill at the corner of Main and Bry
ant streets and asked by them what his
business was and where he was going.
He informed the union men that he had
no particular business or destination,. and
they asked him to come with them to the
sailors' headquarters. He visited the hall
with them and apparently: satisfied the
pickets that he was not in search of
work.- They allowed him to depart but
followed him, and as soon as they reached
the sidewalk assaulted htm. The police
officers witnessed the assault and ran to
Riley's assistance. Wilson led the officers
a merry chase up Mission street as far as
Steuart street, where he was captured.
Hill continued beating Riley until the of
ficers came back with the other prisoner,
¦when he tried to escape but -was captured.
J. Beef was treated at the Harbor Hos
pital yesterday for an incised wound of
the right side inflicted by a number of
strikers, who assaulted him at the corner
of Mission and Main streets. The wound
was superficial. -
Carl Steambaum, first officer of the ship
Othella Peterson, was arrested yesterday
by Officer Gwlnn at the foot of Market
street and charged with being drunk.
When searched at the station a revolver
was found in his pocket, and a charge of
carrying a concealed weapon was also
placed against him. ,
The Curacao was expected down from
Selby's last night, where she had gone to
discharge a cargo of 600 tons of concen
trates. Upon • her arrival here she will
immediately commence loading: with gen
eral merchandise for Mexico.
The Guatemala cleared yesterday for
Mexican ports with 1000 tons of freight
and a large passenger list. She got away
on time.
At Steuart-street dock a gang of non
union "men Is at work on the steamer Cal
if ornian end the four-masted schooner
Mary E. Foster. The Foster is already
heavily laden with grain and hay for the
islands, and in a day or so will take on
a number of horses and mules for the
same place. The ship British General is
being rapidly unloaded at Howard-street
pier No. 1 of her cargo of cement, and the
crew of the Haddon Hall is landing that
vessel's cargo on the same dock. Dredgers
are at -work bet-ween the Howard-street
piers making a berth for the Australasia,
which is expected in to-morrow- with a
heavy cargo of general merchandise.
The arrival of the bark Fresno from
Alaska yesterday added eighty-seven men
to the army of strikers. The Fresno is
one of the salmon fleet, and the men she
brought back are fishermen and' sailors
who went up to Alaska to work on her
during the season just closed. They are
all union men and have several months'
pay coming to them. The arrival of these
men adds quite a sum to the funds of the
Sailors' Union, as sailors pay the amount
they owe to the union for dues upon
their return to port 'at the end of a sea
son.
seven Men to Army of Strikers.
Alaskan Bark Contributes Eighty-
MANY SAILORS ARRIVE.
The case of Charles Gordon. , watchman
at pier 7. who Is charged . with battery
upon Daniel Sweeney, an artist on -a
morning paper, was called in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday. Through his at
torney. Joseph Coney, the defendant
pleaded not guilty and demanded a trial
by jury. Attorney Drum for the prosecu
tion asked* that the Sheriff/instead of the
Chief of Police be instructed to summon
the Jurors, which was objected to by Cof
fey on the ground that no showing i had
been made in support of 'the charge.. The
Judge said he. would take the matter un
der advisemenr, and set the case for trial
on the afternoon of September 16. •
Heavy Fine for Gaster.
F. C. Gaster, a striking teamster, who
was convicted of battery upon . WV J.
Spring, a non-union teamster for. Em
mons & Co., by Judge Cabanlss, appeared
for sentence yesterday. . The Judge sen
tenced him to pay a fine . of $40, with the
alternative of twenty days In the County
Jail.
F. B. Roseberry, a Stanford student.
who has been working on the collier Mil
ton, ran into the Harbor Hospital last
night and asked for protection . from
union pjekets. He told the officers who
were summoned from the Harbor station
to escort him to the cars, that he had
been robbed of his clothes, watch and $3
in cash by the men with whom he was
working on the collier, and that he was
afraid to go back to the vessel for fear
the union pickets would catch him and
beat him. Roseberry wore a natty suit
to work every morning, and put on over
alls when he- reached the ship. He kept
his street attire In a telescope basket,
and the thieves took basket and all, leav
ing, in exchange an old coat, in one of
the pockets of which was a note signed
by Hugh Cox of 153Vi Third street. : In
quiry at. that number showed that no
such person lived there.
Student laborer Robbed.
The police claim that a striker was shot
in the arm during the battle. He was
seen to drop his revolver after the first
few shots were fired and start to leave
the scene, holding his right arm. - Two
men, seeing that he was shot, promptly
took hold of him and led him away. Last
night the police searched a number of
lodging-houses in the vicinity of the
shooting, but failed to get a trace of the
supposed wounded striker.
Up to a few days 'ago the wagons of the
Excelsior Redwood Company were driven
by the officers of the company. On
Wednesday Klassen and another non
union teamster were employed. In order
that they might escape the attacks of the
strikers they were allowed to sleep in the
stables. It Is believed by the company
that none of its former employes were
engaged In the attack, but that It was the
work of a number of hoodlums who have
been hanging around the stables for a
number of days.
The horse which was shot was one of
the team which Klassen was grooming,
preparatory - to hitching them to the
wagon. The animal was exposed to the
firing of both parties, and It is not certain
which fired the fatal shot. The horse was
valued at about $300.
A number of strikers entered the stables
of the Excelsior Redwood Company, C.
A. Hooper & Co., agents, on Fourth
street, near Channel, early" yesterday
morning, for the 'purpose of making, an
attack on Herman Klassen, a non-union
teamster. The attack resulted In a lively
exchange of pistol shots, during which a
valuable stallion belonging to the com
pany received a wound from which it sub
sequently died. None of the men engaged
In the fight were Injured.
At the time of the affair Klassen, who
has been but a single day In the employ
of the company, was preparing his team
for the day's work. The men entered
through a side door and immediately
opened fire. Klassen took refuge behind
one of the stalls and returned the shots.
One of the bullets must have passed dan
gerously near the strikers, as it was
found later in the day lodged in the wall
directly in line with the spot where the
men were supposed to have stood.' Daniel
Mahoney. the stableman, who was pres
ent during the shooting, claims that there
were six shots fired. He was unable to
tell which party had commenced the fu
sillade.
change of Shots.
Valuable Horse Killed During Ex-
EARLY MORNING ATTACK.
"I am not at liberty to speak of what
took place at the meeting," said Mr.
Rothschild. "I may say, however, that
a new phase of the situation has pre
sented Itself, and that there are matters
under consideration which, I believe,
will bring the labor dispute to an end at
an early date. The situation is more
hopeful to-day than at any time since
the inauguration of the strike."
The members of the executive commit
tee of the Municipal Federation of Im
provement Clubs held a meeting in At
torney Rothschild's office in the after
noon, but Secretary Lorenzo was not
among those present. Dr. Salfield, Na
than Bibo and Joseph Rothschild were In
attendance. What transpired at the meet
ing was not disclosed, as each gen
tleman named was sworn to secrecy.
It was admitted, however, that nothing
of importance transpired.
"We have said to Mr. Lorenzo from the
beginning," Andrew Furuseth said, "that
we are willing to confer with the em
ployers at any time. He has not been
able to come to us with the assurance
t hat a committee authorized to act for the
Draymen's Association would meet us.
There Is no prospect of a conference. If
the employers are preparing to receive
proposals for a surrender they are mak
ing a mistake. It is the man who is
lic-ked that surrenders, and we are not
licked."
Strikers Heady to Confer.
"The confidence among the teamsters
that vre are on the verge of winning,"
Michael Casey, business agent of the
Brotherhood of Teamsters, said yester
day, "is entirely misplaced. We have no
cause to be discouraged, but I can see no
reason for hope of an early settlement.
Nothing has occurred to change the situ
ation* in the least"
The decrease of the number of attacks
upon non-union teamsters has been so
marked as to cause much comment. Sat
urday was the high-water mark of vio
lence. Sunday and Monday being holi
days few attacks were made, and -when
work was resumed Tuesday non-union
teamsters and water front laborers en
joyed unexpected immunity from attack.
Few acts of violence have been reported
during, the three days. In the "danger
district" it is ireely said that the truce
will last only till next Wednesday. If the
controversy is not settled by that time,
they say, hostilities against non-union
teamsters and specials will be reopened.
Rumors and published reports Oif pro
posed conferences kept the belief strong
that the end was near, and the denials of
the leaders In the controversy could not
entirely allay the hope. At the headquar
ters of the Brotherhood of Teamsters a
jubilant air was prevalent, and striking
teamsters there and elsewhere believed
that an agreement was to be reached in a
day or two.
Hope Is Not Destroyed.
HALF of San Francisco believed
yesterday that the draymen and
teamsters had-settled their dif
ferences and that the strike was
at an end. Many others, both
employers and strikers, believed that pro
gTe6s was being made toward a settle
ment, and that the restoration of indus
trial peace was a matter of but a few
days.
Leaders of both sides, however, asserted
that euch rumors and such hope were un
founded, and that nothing in the situa
tion pointed to an early settlement.
The conferences that were expected to
occur during the day did not take place.
No committee from the Employers' As
sociation was sent to meet the concilia
tion committee of the Board of Super
visors, and the mediators are left in their
former position of seeking a meeting with
the employers. M. F. Michael, attorney
for the Employers' Association, said a
meeting: of merchants was to have been
held, but that the publication of the in
tention to have a conference had spoiled
it all. The meeting had been abandoned
for the time, and whether it would be
held at all or not was problematic.
Denials were plentiful that any confer
ence between teamsters and draymen was
contemplated. In any case none was,held.
Secretary Lorenzo of the Municipal Fed
eration of Improvement Clubs had asked
the Etrike leaders to consent to a confer
ence between a committee from the team
sters and a committee from the Dray
men'6 Association. He was not able,
however, to show that he was authorized
to say that the draymen would send an
official committee, and the strike lead
ers refused to consider his proposition.
Manager Renner of the Draymen's Asso
ciation asserts that Lorenzo made the
proposition of his individual motion, with
out any authority to say that the dray
men would appoint a conference commit
tee.
Proposed Conferences Are Abandoned and Offers to Negotiate Prove to Have Been Made
Without Authority — Twenty Horses Belonging to Draymen Are Poisoned by Arsenic
and Detectives Are at Work Hunting Clews to" the Identity of the Poisoners
RUMORS OF APPROACHING SETTLEMENT
OF THE STRIKE ARE RIFE, BUT LEADERS
SAY THE SITUATION HAS NOT CHANGED
Better capture ¦ Dr. C. C. O'Donnell for
the-- head • of - their ticket aa 1 the Demo
crats are after him, ¦ •
The Labor "Unions
Seeks to Oust Directors.
W. , J.. Hotchkiss has brought . suit ..to
oust Frank J.Symmes, William H. Ham
mond-and John- H. Jordan as directors of
the Vlsalia • Fruit ; and Land Company.
Hotchkiss . avers that ' he is the owner of
222 of 440 shares in the corporation, . but
notwithstanding ; the fact thaf he holds
the control, the directors . named have
held illegal meetings and are endeavoring
to direct the affairs of the corporation.
Octavia Modet. a' saloon-keeper at Sac
ramento and K Montgomery , streets, last
night stabbed Fred Grossman, a clerk, In
the head, inflicting an ugly wound." The
trouble grew ' out - of " a dispute over • the
payment for drinks. ¦. Modet was' charged
with an, assault with a deadly weapon.
Grossman was taken * to . the | Receiving
Hospital, where the wound in his head
was dressed. .
Clerk : Severely. Stabbed.'
I Judge Seawell has denied the petition
of Ebenezer : Knowlton • for a writ of
mandate to compel the Board
of Education to . reinstate him as
vice-president of the Everett Grammar
School. Knowlton was suspended on Sep
tember 12, 1900, for- a period of one year,
upon ¦ complaint of Mrs. ¦ F. A. Banning,
principal of the Everett Grammar School.
Knowlton filed suit for a writ of mandate.
Answer : was filed . by the Board of " Edu
cation in which it pleaded that the board
had exercised his legal right when It sus
pended Knowlton. Judge Seawell has
sustained this contention. Knowlton's
term of suspension expires on the 12th
inst., and hence it remains to be' seen
whether or not the board will permit him
to return to work, or make his suspen
sion permanent.
Knowlton Loses His Suit.
The doctor, to be rid of Nobby, told him
to attend the meeting of the commission
in the afternoon and -his' case would b«
given a thorough examination.
Nobby took his advice, but his change
of front probably saved him from having
his wish gratified. Nobby will no doubt
be I heard- of in a few > days again peti
tioning the Police Commission to rein
state him on the force. ¦
Dr. Windele considers Nobby'a action
the oddest in character that he has ever
had occasion to notice, even as a mem
ber of a commission that has determined
the mental status of many people. He
says that Clark called at his private of
fice yesterday morning and said: "Doc
tor. I want to be sent to an asylum. • I
have lost all my fortune and am now
struggling - against a powextul mania,
which seems to tell me to take my life.
I am certainly Insane."
His commitment was returned to him
and then Nobby stole solemnly from the
room. Now the question naturally arises
as to whether a man who would appear
before a commission of lunacy, bearing
a commitment to an asylum drawn by
himself. Is sane or insane.
The eccentric Nobby became conscious
of the -fact that he and hl3 commitment
had • occasioned the levity, and in what
would, appear to have been a lucid mo
ment he approached Dr. Windele and
whispered to him that he ha'd changed
his. mind.
Nobby, -who has had a varied ' career as
a policeman, lawyer, shylock and capital
ist, drew up his own commitment, when
he presented it to Judge Hebbard the
Jurist was amazed. Then, appreciating
the- drollery of the situation, he laughed
heartily, and Dtsr C. C. "Wadsworth and
Edwin Windele smiled blandly.
He startled the Commissioners of U&
nacy yesterday afternoon when he appeal
ed before them bearing in his hand3 his
own commitment to an asylum, for the in
sane.
Eccentric . Nobby Clark la not certain
-whether he Is sane or insane.
Believes He Is Insane
and Asks to Be Sent
to an Asylum.
NOBBY CLARK
IN A NEW ROLE
The story of the police is that the ring
leaders in the riot ran into Larsen's sa
loon, and when they followed them Lar
sen shut the door in their faces and they
had to force their way in. Larsen ran
behind the bar, where he kept a revolver,'
and struck Lycette over the eye, and Ly
cette used his club. Policeman O'Cal
laghan was struck with a brick.
Attorney McCloskey then asked that the
warrant be Issued for Lycette's arrest on
the charge of assault with a deadly
weapon, but the Judge said he would t*ke
time to look- carefully over the evidence
after, it had been transcribed.
Martin Jensen and Gustave Behrend,
striking sailors, testified to having been
in Larsen's saloon when the police broke
in the door.' They saw the officers use
their clubs. Christiansen said that he saw
a pistol behind the bar, but the others de
nied that It was there. Adam Beck, a con
tractor, testified . that he was on a build
ing across the street from the saloon. He
saw a truck s stalled and 300 or 400 men
were shouting "scab" and creating a dis
turbance. Three or four mounted police
men dispersed the crowd.' and he saw men
running- in and. out of the saloon, but he
saw no bricks thrown. •' .
Lincoln School Boys Stampede E. A.
Logsdon and Injure Him With
Rocks.
Edward A. Logsdon, one of the recently
appointed special policemen, was . last
night chased for " several\blocks by a
crowd of scholars from the Lincoln Night
School. The boys .bombarded the special
with rocks, milk cans and sections of ce
ment. The special fired two , shots at the
boys. The shots took no effect. The spe
cial officer and a shoeblack. who happened
to be passing were both: taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital for the .treatment of sev
eral severe lacerations of the scalp.
The boys have been in. the habit of an
noying J. M. ' Foge, who conducts a gro
cery store at the corner of Fifth and
Mission streets. Last night after school
had been dismissed some . of them upset
a horse trough in front of Foge's store.
Logsdon interfered and the boys attacked
him. Some of the rocks missed the spe
cial and broke the store windows, but
enough of the ammunition landed to start
Logsdon on a rapid run. The crowd fol
lowed him, and It was only by, firing his
revolver that he managed- to shake off
his pursuers. .Thomas Thoran, a shoe
black, who lives at 668 Mission street, was
struck by one of the rocks. . •
Beatings for Non-Union Men.
Joseph Bernard, a laborer, living at the
Liberty Hotel, on Broadway, near Du
pont street, had just left the hotel about
7 o'clock.yesterday morning for a walk
when he was approached by three men
who asked him. if he was solng to work
on the wharves. He. replied that he was
not working." but they did not believe him
and knocked him down. He was kicked
on the head, face and ribs and. left in
a semi-conscious condition. . The Central
police station was notified and . Bernard
was taken to the Receiving Hospital in
the patrol wagon by Policeman • Hlckey.
His face and scalp were badly lacerated
and although no ribs were broken he suf
fered intense pain from the kicks admin
istered. '• •
Antonio Bundl, an employe of the Cal
ifornia "can factory, while on his way
home'last night was attacked at Seventh
and Bryant streets • by two men . and
severely beaten. Policeman ; Fraher ar
rived on 'the scene In time to arrest
Thomas Dawson, a porter, whom he
locked up on a charge of battery. Bundi's
injuries . were attended to "at ¦'the Receiv
ing-Hospital. '•• " - 1 .
John L. Steinkenlp, a non-union long
shoreman .who has been working on the
ship Lennox, was attacked . by six men
armed .with clubs, knives ' and brass
knuckles last night at the corner of Mont
gomery and California streets and beaten
so badly that his escape from death seems
miraculous. He was taken to the Harbor
Hospital, where Dr.. Murphy worked on
him for fully two hours sewing -up lacer
ations and dressing the bruises that liter
ally covered , his head and' face. His
wounds consisted of -six long- scalp
wounds, four lacerations on his forehead
and four wounds, on the "left. 1 temple. " One
of, the knife wounds on the temple sev
ered air artery- and that he did not bleed
to death was due ' to the auick work of
the hospital attaches and ,the police.
Steinkenip, who lives at 529 Sacramento
street. -was under the influence of liquor
when the attack was made and could give
the I police no . information as to who his
assailants were. ,'.: , '..:;%. '. • ';:. -. \ • ; . ¦,
Have you been t,o. the State Fair?
Southern Pacific sells up to and including
theM4th round • trip tickets to I Sacramento
for $3.75," for - the State Fair. Great ex
hibit and I fine races. Seven trains dally.
Further Information 613 Market street and
ferry denot. ¦' ; ' / . ;". ¦
A SPECIAL POLICEMAN
MOBBFI> BY SCHOOLBOYS
Captain Wittman Issued ¦ Instructions
last night to his men to spare no effort
In landing Brady behind prison bars.
Shortly after 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon O'Dea, who was in charge of a non
union teamster, saw Brady on the Mail
Dock. O'Dea turned the teamster over
to another officer and started after
Brady. The latter, seeing the officer ap
proaching, ran along the dock and seeing
that escape., was impossible he jumped
into the bay. O'Dea quickly drew his
revolver and pointing it at Brady . com
manded him to surrender. Brady con
tinued to swim, in the hope of reaching
a place- of safety. O'Dea fired ' three
shots at him.~ After the third shot
Brady disappeared and for a short
time it was thought that he had been hit
by one of the bullets. Subsequent Inves
tigation, however, revealed that • Brady
dived and came up under the dock. Sev
eral policemen, attracted to the scene by
the shooting, joined O'Dea In trying -to
locate Brady, but their efforts were un
successful. It Is supposed he made his
escape in a boat, which was seen under
the dock. ¦ «
Thomas Brady, alias "Irish", Brady,
one of the 'men-, who, it is alleged, tried to
murder Police,. Officer Fabian Callahan
the other nighty at Second and Brannan
streets, "narrowly escaped a bullet tired
at him yesterday, by Detective Ed O'Dea.
Since the attempt on the life of Callahan
every member of the Police Department
has been on the lookout for Brady, who
Is considered a "bad man."
of Bullets' Way.
Jumps Into the Bay and Dives Out
BRADY AGAIN ESCAPES.
WITHIN a week ' twenty valu
able horses belonging to dray
men-have been poisoned, and,
: detectives and police officers,
are endeavoring to discover
clews to the Identity of the flends who
are doing the poisoning. The method em
ployed is to place arsenic in the watering
troughs.
Last night an extra detail of policemen
were patrolling south of Mark'et street in
the hope of discovering the poisoners. The
police have two men under suspicion and
they are hopeful o't, catching them in. the'
act. . / .
"The poisoning of horses must stop,"'
Captain Wittman said last night,' '.'even If
it is necessary to place an officer to watch
every trough where the fiendish work is
I being done. What satisfaction a man can
have in killing a horse simply to be re
venged on the owner is beyond' my com
prehension. The poison is placed in the
troughs some time after midnight, and as
far as I know two men are engaged in the
dastardly work. "Whether they are strikers
or not I cannot positively say. In nearly
every case where a horse has been poi
soned by drinking water out of ¦ a trough
the animal belonged to some member of
the Draymen's Association." > ' ¦
A sample of water taken from a trough
near the Mail dock was analyzed yester
day and found to contain enough arsenic
to kill a half-dozen horses. Captain -of
Detectives Seymour has two of his men
looking for the poisoners. He is confident
that they will be in custody before long.
An expressman named Rlley watered
his horse at a trough on Townsend street
yesterday and a short time afterward the
animal died. . He told a policeman that he
had been warned by two men, who looked
like laborers, not to- allow his- horse to
drink the water, but thinking that they
were fooling he laughed at them. Shortly
afterward he drove the horse to-the sta
ble, and noticing that he was seriously
sick he sent tor a veterinary surgeon.
The latter pronounced the animal to be
suffering from arsenical poisoning. A few
hours later the horse died.
WIDESPREAD reports that tlie strike had been settled and the teamsters would return to work kept employers and strikers in a state of
excitement yesterday. In spite of denials 'by leaders on b'oth sides that the situation has changed in the least, the belief is entertained by
many that the end is not distant. Striking teamsters expect the controversy to be settled by next Wednesday and it is said that if it has
not been ended by that time non-union teamsters will no longer enjoy- immunity from attack.
The conference to have been held between the conciliation committee of the Board of Supervisors and a committee from the Employers' ,
Association was Wbandoned, but such a meeting is still a possibility and may be held to-day. Efforts "to secure a meeting between draymen and
teamsters were unsuccessful. . . .'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 3901.
In Justice to ourselves and In all fairness we expect to find in the next issue of
your paper a correction of the errors, and in as prominent a position as you have
given to the erroneous statements themselves. Yours very truly.
(Signed) LEVI STRAUSS & CO. .
San Francisco, September 4, 1901.- . LEVI STRAUSS. President.' '
The facts with regard to these matters were yesterday fully given to your office
in response to your inquiries. In order that there might be no mistake about the
matter a member of our firm took the trouble to go to the factory and investigate
the facts fully, and. In accordance with the previous arrangement with your office, he
reported the result thereof substantially as herein stated. Nevertheless you have seen
fit to publish this article teeming with error, in which a temporary trouble with our
machinery, such as Is liable to occur in any factory. Is magnified into a serlou3 im
pairment of our business, the dismissal of one-half of our force and the reduction of
60 per cent of our output.
Whatever the union teamsters may have proclaimed there is not a word of truth
In the statement that any overalls had been returned to us whatsoever. Not a single
garment has been returned to us from any source whatsoever.
The article also contains the following: ' t
"A. few days ago four truckloads of overalls were driven to the doors of the com
pany's Battery-street store. Union teamsters who had followed the trucks from the
railway depot proclaimed the fact that the goods had been returned from the con
signees." . • . •¦¦•••
This is absolutely untrue. The output of the factory has not been reduced a par
ticle, save so far as was occasioned by the temporary cessation from work yesterday
while the machinery was undergoing repairs.
Yesterday forenoon some trouble occurred with the steam power In our factory,
which caused the machinery to work spasmodically for an hour or two. While repairs
were being made the usual factory work could not regularly go on, so that some of
the operatives instead of. remaining Idle at the factory went out voluntarily, and for
the most part returned by the time the machinery had been set in order. The ma
chinery was fully repaired by the early part of the afternoon and at that time all the
operatives were again at work with the exception of a few who absented themselves
for the remainder of the day. None of these operatives were dismissed or requested to
remain away for any portion of the day. Those who went away did so of their own
accord. This morning all were at work as usual.
As a subheading in black type 'you state: . >
"Yesterday Levi Strauss & Co. found business so impaired that they were com
pelled to reduce the output of their factory 50 per cent." .
Th« foregoing statements are fabrications pure and simple. There Is not a word
of truth in either of them. We have not dismissed any of our operatives. On the con
trary we are desirous of adding to our force; bo much so that we are willing to teach
inexpert hands the use of the sewing mnchine. Neither one-half nor any other por
tion of the factory force is idle, but the factory is running Just as it has been run
ning for the past year or more.
To the Editor of the Examiner, Hearst Building. San Francisco, Cal.— Dear Sir:
In the tlxth column of the first page of your Issue of September 4, 1901, occurs an
article with regard to our business affairs which has, in all its essential particulars, no
foundation whatsoever In fact. Among other things the headlines of the article in large,
black type read as follows: * ;'. •
"Half the factory force is idle." ,
"LevJ Strauss & Co. dismiss four hundred of the eight hundred girls employed by
them in making overalls." »
paper the erroneous statements therein pointed out. In the
Interest of justice and fair dealing: we -would ask that yon srlve
snch publication of the Inclosed letter as yon may deem advisa
ble. Yours very truly, . LEVI STRAUSS & CO. .
San Francisco, September S, 1001.
TO the Editor of The Call, Clans Spreckels Building, San Fran
cIkpo, Cal. Dear Sir: Tlte nccorapanylug letter, vrlilcli is>
nelf-explanntory, xvnn went by us yesterday to the editor of .
the Examiner, Who has made no attempt to correct in his
TRUTH IS SUPPRESSED
AND ERROR PUBLISHED
1 In accordance with the request made by
Attorney H. H. McCloskey last Tuesday,
Judge^Fritz yesterday heard the, evidence
in : regard to the alleged clubbing of Ju
lius "W. Larsen, saloon-keeper, 249 Steuart
street by Policeman J. C. Lycette on Aug
ust ,30, during a riot near the saloon.
Larsen testified that he was instructed
to close his front door by the police, and
he did so. Then the police forced open
his door and Lycette struck him on the
arm with his club, and when he ran be
hind the bar .:Lycette struck him on the
head with the club, knocking him down.
There' were only, seven or; eight men In
the saloon and they were either reading
or. playing cards. He denied that he had
a pistol behind the bar. He also denied
striking Lycette,' and" said he heard that
Lycette was struck over j the eye by an
other officer. ¦•'-..
Alfred Peterson, Andrew Christiansen,
Wants ¦ Warrant for - Policeman.
5
Great, Admission 1 Day -fea-
tures in the special magazine
edition of The Call, out next
Sunday— "The Irish Pioneers,"
"The First Mail Train,"- "The
First i Express," '. ''The Native
Daughters," "Landmarks ,of
San ¦ Francisco," "Our. Streets
and .Their Names," "Califor-
nia's Girl Stage-I>river," <?The
Bull's Head,'?, a tale of early
days illustrated by Martinez.
ALL CALIFORNIA STORIES.
ALL CALIFORNIA STORIES.
>£^OEWEY,STRQNG &CO.^g^
MARKET SLS?}$K&f
3UCHANAN BROS.
Srush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
DOTTCIIITQroR barbers, bak-
DflUOllllO p rK bootblacks, bath-
•**»** »***•• bouses, billiard fables,
.rewers bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
iyers flourmills. foundrief. laundries, paper-
tangere, printers, pa'nters, ehoe factories,
tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
DR.PJERCrs
€5Oi.DEN
MEDICAL" -
OBSCOVERY
FOR THE
1 BLOOD.LIVER.a.tJNGS.
Get one bar of Fels-Naotha
;oap, and go by the book with it.
Money back if you want it.
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
$ Toweling Go. FilllARIB iR J See Carita %
jf A well-made Damask ToweUng, with fifj H SL Jkl'^H IbwK Ths clever girl conjurer; fhe WiH'^
S woven edges, good to wear, pleai- jflg Hil™^^ iS «i «» £ V E& my tify you with hrr rsmarkab'e X
tf ant to use; to-day only, per _ p^* H ff?"*"^- ff^^^f ?* ?*"*ir "¦¦ experiments. Attraction Ha'l, 11
X yard. OC CALIFORNIA'S LARQECT— AinERICA'S ORANDEST STORE a. m. to 5 p. m. FroO. Jt
I Odd Lots of Ladies 0 Neckwear \
I A Big Special Clean-Up Sale To-Day, I
S iVDre than iooo pieces to make selections from — broken lines from a big sea- $
$ son's selling. Only a few pieces of a kind, in many cases only a single one of the J
J styles ; left; scarfs, jabots, stocks, etc, in all of the popular colorings, to be closed out J
$ to-day and-to-morrow at from one-quarer to one-half the regular prices. §
v2Sc Neckwear.; ....... 1Oc 50c and 75c NecKwear 2 Be $1.50 to $2.00 NecKwear 73c %
j:35c Neckwear. .... . ...15c $1 and $1.25 Neckwear 50c $2.50 to $3.50 NecKwear 1. 25 $
$ f@k 4*£L QflT Pearl Buttons. &7 5»#1 Fora $
* f- S y %P' m WmmJ%J loo gross ( 1 200 cards) pure whit: pearl but- *&**%*%* $12 Hat %
«? J*£>^ FOW fiAV« f t?n *' **?'% b makc , anl , f .°' or i in fi . V * To introduce the most complete fine off
I /€5*7\ J*?£2r J[ -+ TTa' ' "vVo 24 1Ulej °" 8p;C:al trimmed tats ever shown here so early in th: £
if \ {\$7.&0 SUitS "lc to-day, per card ot 2 flO«fff»Q season, we offer a line of trimmcJ ia^ ea«ly J
* / . « K-A A ch ° ; « of X 5 8t y k » of ' ' worth $i»-°°» hats made of Vue, brown, S
2£(*" r/tne=e three - p : ece long or *#*&*> AOP^w — . cardinal, ecra or pearl colored velvet, beatti- jj
Z\ o • /knes pan's suits for Friday £&£&*&&'£% J&& fied with a hr?e P c - Ican b «atf and other *
tf --\ } C V and Saturday ony at the ™^ ¦ ~W9^ €^c ornaments, at the very sprdal «
*£ A . J -i By above price. ;. Not an old pat- MT O9 m IUTam'« P " CC -%; V " '• J-V ", '• * a9 ** J5
J rTT W tern in -this lot, the .best ZI^'SbS THtS 0 &* r g ° . Clo^tng titttg %
jf ; 7\\ eith - r single or double &lo?.OB hlT (\ tO-ftlOT TOW flight, X
Jtf. - -_J A— breasted man-fashioned style, i Chi#o l\ Vt— _.* 1*11 • >^"*». ' "3
$ . J I good $ 7 . so iuhs for boy. io _.. ~ Ui * S ' . \ Ready - tO - j^&B^ 5
$ / V fo 19 y«n of age; for two Th » l«g= r.ducuon from / \ W©3P "a f S ,^gggggl^ S
i /¦ W day, only £>£ Q ft F"« «B l^M U i;ke p!cture .adC^^^S®. J
K JL^-\f ....... &B&B&& good to-day and Satur- \L , oth« .#«, .th e «Sggg£|g»2? J
fc«£^"$r -T- „ , day until clos-ng time. P k **i / newest erea- W&S^lsF %
¦i •¦¦¦! *SflO%«?#l Sto^T" u r8e T**" T^-ZV dons, best felt, Wp& ?
S... ¦. .-. r $4-,OU OUItS- a™ ut fy -ment.to chocs: fiom, 1 1 ,^W »,:1™ a »^k *l — B9 X
J made, serviceable school tub, in two pieces, the of gt .„ j n _ \\ / f t rim me d with £ M? X
tf •!««- for boys 9 to i 5 yeara al-wcol ma-' c.'uding the smart- broai- \\ // Ke ™^ iriS Vv/L/ 5
JT ' teru!s; • latest patterns : in plaids, stripes and . .houlderel militarv mc!c \\ I in the new striped &Hg^ C
* -, iS e W I They gSS for1 4 oo: ' £^?S^)^ \ / M^%i *
J our special price for Fri- £**> Jgf% shads8 in (heviot . 6 dark \ \ c "d-n ' ecru *
If . day and Saturday.'. . . . . • &4im*§€f b - U5 fatrics with ' ,; ght / "^nal ecru g
tS ¦• ¦ ' ¦ - ¦ . . .. . . /Ill - pear:, lor .^ _ <fi
%? ~T — ~ hairline stripes: a beau- i> { h ¦. . 4k9 OK ••
• " *fcv 9 O#» tiful line of fancy gray9 0T &*.£3 *
¦K' -""\T\" i ¦ • • '.m!m^J%0 and* browns, and b'ue C? df^s <©tf tin X
j£, , •w.'-V- ,' .^ ' -*• an J black terges comprise the maferia's. We fffi^jfe. *&. mUU ' S
*>* ¦ ¦ % 'FOr GOOd can suit any taste with these well-made, w«ll- Mfi&^i* Mtf^/o#O -X
& /SBlSfcK' ' BOt*iMntlp>a*<m t"*m=<l $12.50 suits (and they are particu- S£, jfj . CO^. 5
rB^Si aVMmV " U9Sr lary -gaol -value at that price); Fi Way and f OffCt jg
5 £p=l3'©k -¦¦•¦• y^Car^ Saturday only &€&<&.& iSSk N CYS *
$ f§S^ril§ Two cases of men's light- *P&M*+*9 Cf..f n - X-
K W^Si^p^ wc 'S ht ' Balbriggan Under- Men's PantS— The $ 5 kind $2,68 ¦ 0&: tf^KSft »»jf#W»# X
* 1 '/""^ * wear ' ° nC StyIe eCrU CoIor ' • #''^ : -'""'-jSX^S ! '^ /"-? Mercerirsd black «
* IlltvsSEE/ and well - finished garments; LQtSSGS, UltilurCll. |^pf^M/ en: sizei of white j»
*£ E~S5/ wiir be placed on special Children's Canton Flannel Night Sultj— *&J&pi&gjt£y dots on black ground, J»
•£ V- *"~7 £a ' c to "^ a y» P CT OO Without fest, sizes for a and 4 yrars only S tucked front and 4*
y C garment i£%3C ' ¦• (not many of the 4-year tize), prices regu- / \ back, regularly Jf
It rj3 ZTi* ~m~ * ar! y 5 OC an( * 55 C » t0 e ? !ose( * *%s I 1 . o o, jf
X >3 IOC fOr outto-dayat 2£5C to-dayonly O9C X
£. \~f ~ EhDnif Ladic/ Imported French Gowns — An as- New Special $9.95 Jacket— j£
jf "id Win ' torted lot, hand embroidered, but at half All-wool Kersey 27-inch Jacket, light tan, J
*>* 1^ VRatliOUrC - price for Friday only — castor, oiford and black, silk lined, wide %
*C fm ' D!g»f>e3>G |a.oo Gowns $1 . OO $3.00 Gowns SI, 50 lapels and double Ereastsd, h^h or meciara X\
£ Wf a-M9Slm9g»M « turned down cojj,^ t h e ncwe5t and best 5
«» Only a small lot of thrse genuin: ebony-handled Fmmmnm»S4mm.*a^ <?#» «»*»»»»#«* lengths, latrr on these cannot be less than «
5 Manicure Pieces, mounted with sterling si!- * UTnKIUrG^ VpeUiatS | I3 . 5O cach> t0Hlay and t0 . J
&' ver, button haoks, shoe horns, fi'.cs, cuticle SSt*Urtiay morrow $9*3+2 X
J^ knives, corn knives, paper cutters and seals; The Sem'-Annual Sa'e, thi great trade event 5 .
4? . on special sa'e to-day while quantity lasts at o f the year in the carpet and furniture tusi- 7*8tf* X
% th: remarkable special price, each jgm ness, continues. These and fifty other specials #«#«*' jg
Jf \ • *OC foT t0 . day and t o-morrow: - fOl* a Sim OO GlOVCm %
H *~ m M _ . _ Axminster Carpets — Rich, deep pile carpets, V
* GlaSSWare, China' borders to match, Penian, Oriental and r« m A splendid bargain j{
t WS»»g» floral effects, worth f 1. 50 per __ ///I this day only, wo- J
1 ~ -.%*¦' yard, special sale price. ......... 90C M ///// ««'« two-das? over- J
9JpeGKal SaleSm Mattings— Just received from Japan, 500 rolU \P\^/ «»«»» antique sewn -JJ
ft Water Tumblers — tf~> rf = ? 3 \ f ==3 n of linen warp Mattings in handsome reversi- -sSZ?* Glace Kid Glore»,
t ¦ Good smooth g'asi $®k ble designs, double dye, worth 35c _ fins e m b r o 1 d ered X
K with frost:d ban-J,' rtS=) i^=-^^ • per yard, tpscial sJe price .'. ZOC *%!£ /\V\ T?*™ baC ' - Colon white ' X
* "¦ regularly 40c per€±B» -'K^^^^ 5^ Unoteums— la'ieet wiie", heavy quality, made / X\\ Un *' mO<!eS> rCd * " nd *
*? dozen, special to- CfgSjjL X^f^^S^f yV of excellent qual'ty of pulverized cork and black. . M
2 day only A -. linseed oi', worth 90c per yard, -»_• r . w t A!so a fine .pality jj
$ .. JVC special sa'e price GSC °f J*f* n «e Mocha Gloves, two pitint clasp* £
K Half Gallon Wafer '^ — - ,—^ Hanging Hallrack— Of golden" oak, with a ana Paris Point embroidered bade, over- X
Z Pitchers— A good imitation of clear cut Fr.-nch pate mirror with double hooks, oval «ea^n co.ors slate, reindeer, modes and JJ
»' glass, worth at least 30c each, m W shape, wcrth | 7 .co, special tf - tan, choice of any pair » theie -j- S
J TpecialKMlay 19C »!e price ......$4.98 two lots to-day JVC'*
5 Olive cr. Preserve Dish— Obong shape, nice Piano Stool— Either in go'.den oak or mahog- _ .
H clear glass, a 10c value, to-day only — , any finish, with back, worth -m f% djrCCfcll ofl/G OT S
J^ OC #7.50, special sac price &•*•*£ U Bicycle &iintff*M0S "5
f Tea Cups and Saucerj— Good semi-porcelain, Folding Screen—Six feet high, mahogany or \~y\* •#•«#•## muv. j
ti with a pretty decoration in dark blue, regular ° 3^> r* llei * %vit^ si'koline in fancy color- f~ Four Big Specials for Friday Only. St .
X price jl.50 per dozen, to-day -jm g% "*%*! wcrth $5.00, now... t gS fi-? "^^ e aoth Century or Solar Acety- X
*C only, set of 6 ..,,,. 4»C •••• - .-line Gas Lamps, model 1 90 1, both 2
j? Dessert Plates— Same style and quality as tea _^ ~TT~ ! 3T" _ irylcs that icll regularly for I3.00 *•
%? cups, b'ue or pink decoration, regularly M&B2MKGM* S*9m£* I elch . £ o-<l»y only for C^ M 35 *
«C $ 1. 00 per dozen, to-day only, set -, --, »*•«••**» Wm9B*w 9«>I00 •
I cf6 3Oc Saturday ,.o-^ j |
S" liWiOr Specials. We have secured another bg lot (6000 , Ctoffll Jnch^, regularly S c?, |
$ PortV , S-An^extr7 "of U of'eTgaHon J^) i U 1 I T "T' 7 fe^M^ "*' 32C I
* quality, special Friday and Saturday ..„ 7© O Butter, the brand that has proved SO |^^^^g **^ G J*
Wine— Our regu'ar $1.00 per gallon satisfactory to our customers in our /Gr B^\ ' 7 Duck Luggage
5 quality, extra good, Friday and Saturday 76O former sales, which WC will place on (f J Carrier for rear wheel J
Pineapple Gin— Choice quality, reguarlv $z. 75 ' special sale Friday and " ' ' " ' *~ —lightand tg%^ S
% per gallon, FnJay and Saturday §2m4O c j t i i 4|ft M convenient, regularly ice, to-day., i LI C J*
g Wood AIcohoI-FuU quarts, reguarly 40c, Fri- .^turday . if lot lasts, O*f€r Panb Guard— Blued spring steel, special o J.
day and Saturday, per bott'e ..30O ( persquare.. to-day only, per pair. , . Z C £
TEE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE CHAMPION. OF THE TURF WEARS THE RECENTLY INVENTED TWO-MINUTE HARNESS, WHICH IS
OF SKILLFUL MAKE, AND SO PERFECTLY ADJUSTED AS TO ENABLE THE FAMOUS RACER TO ATTAIN
GREAT SPEKD.
SUMMER RATE§ at , Hotel del. CoroiiadX
Coronado Beach,- Cal., effective after April 15:
$60 for round ' trip.', including 15 days at hotel.
Pacific Coaat S. S. Co., 4 New Montgomery at.
It is -stated thatatthis time more than twenty air
ships are'jbeing constructed in the suburbs of Paris,
so. there inust be a good deal of capital in,that city
to-be thrdwn to the winds where, the birds cari get it.
"A student of Scottish life says that in recent years
the people have about abandoned the practice of eat
ing oatmeal, so there is for! the hope
that some day the Bostonians will quit eating beans.
. Red Bluff Sentinel.
One of the most disgraceful : and damna
ble political outrages ever committed upon
Hhe good people* of ""the State of Califor
nia was- the removal of Dr. Osborne as
superintendent of the Home for the Fee
ble-Minded at Glen. Ellen. This action by
Governor Gage through his board of trus
tees, headed by Boss McKenzie of San
Jose, will not coon be forgotten by the
people, and should forever damn Gage
politically.. It, was a sacrifice of the Inno-
Gage's Disreputable Act.
¦Accordirig to one report, young Rockefeller intends
after, his. marriage to be a society leader, and accord
ing to another he cannot play*golf ; now how are
these absurdly conflicting statements to be. reconciled
by a tired^ world? ;>''*.
The thing that troubles New York is the difficulty
which the I average politician has of .understanding
how Croker.can run Tammany Hall while living in
England. |. The "politician has a clear comprehension
of wire-pulling, but pulling the wireless and wireless
pulls are beyond him. V^ , . '" .3
The removal of Dr. Osborne from charge
of the State Home for the Feeble-Minded
is an outrage on the State and the pa
tients. Dr. Osborne has conducted the in
stitution successfully and satisfactorily
for more than fifteen years. Ho is an
American Republican, In no sense offen
slve. and has heldthe place undfsturbed
under two Democratic administrations.
The cause of removal. If there, be any,
has not been made known, but it is the
general belief that a berth had to be pro
vided for some one for political favors,
and a conscientious and capable citizen
must fall. The Governor may be nom
inated for re-election, but he .will never
get in if the Democrats put up a good'
man. - : '. : Y.«
v Willows Journal.
Outrage on the State.
In addition to the trouble caused him by the
menace ofj famine in several provinces, of his* empire
the Czar has other troubles. For example, he is not
getting aljjng so swimmingly with • his Finns as v he
expected when he annexed them, and it is probable
his visit to Paris is intended mainly to get a rest from
the. comforts of home. .
But perhaps their exultation -is premature, and the
surgeon may have to suspend his uplifted knife and
spare the little piece cf man that is neither bowel nor
bone. Dr. Hershey of Denver appears as medical
counsel for the vermiform appendix, anA-declares that
it has a function in the bodily economy of man. He
says that it lubricates the caecum, a large affair that
stands between the large and 'small divisions of the
alimentary, canal, a'sort of/canal lock, as it were. He
is of.the opinion that this lock is. kept in. operating
order by the appendix, which acts as a sort of oil cup. v
When the members of the society which rejoices Jn
no appendix get together they will abate their re-"
joicings^over their wormy enemy and. see whether
their caecums. are properly piled and in working
order.' For aught they know; they have parted with
a" lubricating friend which the despoiiing surgeon can-
ALL of man's physical troubles combined
seemed a light burden to that which he bore
when he found that he had a vermiform ap
pendix. He was informed that it was a useless part
of his anatomy, a survival of the time when he went
on all fours and chewed the cud like.a cow, or per
haps of a still earlier existence, when he was a finny
fish and took only water in his. ~ To have the petty
little remnant of his past turn and smite him with a
pain in his right side, below the midriff and just under
his pocket, was a worry hard to bear. The surgeons
soon learned how to explore his interior and cut the
infernal thing off, and there are now, so many in this
country who have undergone that operation that it
is proposed to form a national association "The So
ciety of the Non-Appendix," to meet annually and
show their scars and fight their battles over.
THAT APPENDIX.
Ambassador Choate is reported to have recently
suggested! that it would be a good idea for British
schools to send a number of students every yeW to
American icolleges while American schools sent boys
to British He thinks the interchange would
accomplish a good deal in the way of promoting in
ternational friendship, and probably it might be better
than the present plan of exchanging of Embassadors.
Let us recall Mr. Choate and send over about as many
boys as w£ call get for the samesalary.
Chicago is to plant an apple orchard in a public
park, and of course it will bear forbidden fruit, and
equally of course the small boy will break in, and in
the end that park is going to cause more trouble than
two reform schools can straighten out.
Caleb W. West, special N agent of the
treasury stationed at Niagara Fallsi ar
rived yesterday to make the biennial rou
tine investigation into the Custom-house.
He will remain about six weeks. Mr.
West is one of the numerous ex-Governors
of Utah. . «
A. N. Rhodes, accompanied, by a num
ber of other ' gentlemen connected with
the United States burial service, is at the
Occidental. v
;w. R. Johnson, ta railroad man of
Washington, D. C, is a guest at the
Russ. . \
James Touhey, a wealthy stock raiser
of Sacramento, is among the arrivals of
yesterday at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. "W. B. Hopkins have come
over from. Piedmont and' are at the Cali
fornia. ; .
Walter B. Maling, clerk of Judge Es
tee's court at Honolulu, Is here on a visit.
B. U. Steinman of Sacramento is at the
Palace. ' .
H. M. Johnson of Fresno is at the,Cali
fornia. '
J. J. Hebbron, the Salinas rancher, is at
the Grand.
Judge N. A. Dorn of Salinas is staying
at the Russ.
H. L. Vroom, a Dawson mining man,
is at the Grand. .
Charles R. Drake of Los Angeles Is .a
guest at the Palace.
Frank Buck, the Vacaville fruit man, is
a guest at the Palace.
E. B.' Nelson, a hotel man of Olema,
is registered at the California.
George F. Buck, a ¦ prominent attorney
of Stockton, is a guest at the Lick.
Dr. A. M. Remey, U. S. N., is at the
Occidental, accompanied by his wife.
This enormous armament upon the seas entails, of
course, a heavy burden of taxation upon the work
ers, but under the conditions prevailing in our times
it appears to be necessary. Without a powerful navy
no nation could be sure of its commerce, and without
commerce few of the greater industries could flourish.
As any one nation increases its naval armament the
others feel bound to follow, and there is no telling
where the limit will be. Sooner or later, however, it
is bound to be reached, and it would seem that among
the nations of continental Europe, where large armies
as well as large navies have to be maintained, the
limit cannot be far away. • . >-^L. : :
Since a good many authorities believe that in naval
war between two powers of anything like equality in
fighting force the advantage will lie with the nation
having the greater strength in swift-going cruisers
rather than in battleships, it is worth noting that the
report shows that in the number of armored cruisers
built the United States stands seventh, or last, with
a tonnage of only 17,415. The report says: "Russia
heads the list of armored cruisers built with a tonnage
of 83,231. In protected cruisers building the United
States is third, with a tonnage of 61,403, and third'
in protected cruisers built, with a tonnage of 21,000.
Russia heads the list of these vessels building, but is
last on the list, of protected cruisers built. In arm
ored coast defense vessels the United States leads
with 43,934 tons built and 12,9-40 building. France
and Germany have a tonnage of 43,331 and 42,873
respectively, in armored coast defense vessels built,
while Great Britain has a tonnage of 38,900 in arm
ored coast defense vessels built. Russia and the
United States are the only countries building ships of
this type."
The tonnage of war vessels now under construction
would in itself constitute an enormous naval, force.
A summary of the report to the Naval Department
giving a list of the ships built and building by the
seven greater powers of the world says: "England
heads the list with 477 vessels, having a tonnage of
1,766,855; France, although showing more vessels
than England, 484, has a tonnage of only 781,065;
Russia has 341 vessels, with a tonnage of 552,546; the
United States, fourth on the list, 135 vessels, with a
tonnage of 507,494', Germany, 261 vessels, with a ton
nage of 458,482; Itafy, 231 vessels, with a tonnage of
322,707, and Japan, 139 vessels, with a tonnage of
251,498. The United States ranks next to Great Brit
ain in the tonnage of battleships building, having
I33,8oo to Great Britain's 229,900, but stands sixth in
the tonnage of battleships built, 83,094, leading Japan
only. In, the tonnage of armored cruisers building
the United States is third, with 109,500, being ex
ceeded by Great Britain, with 226,400, and France
•with 148,260."
The British of comse continue to hold the lead
they long ago established, but of late the Germans
and the Japanese have been coming to the front with
a marvelous rapidity. The activity in the German
navy yards is such that the great fleet which they
have planned to construct will be completed fully a
year earlier than was estimated. Since the war with
China Japan has increased her tonnage of war ves
sels from 30,000 to 260,000, and it is reported that a
further expansion of naval force will probably be
ordered, so that ere long the navy of Japan will have
a tonnage of 400,000.
FACTS and figures compiled by officers of the
Naval Intelligence Department at Washington,
show that the nations are exerting extraordin
ary energies in the building of warships of all kinds,
from battleships to torpedo-boats. The vast ex
pansion of commerce in recent years and the increas
ing dependence of .industry for its prosperity upon
foreign markets has given an added value to the great
ocean highways, and each nation is doing its utmost
to establish power upon the sea as well as upon land.
THE BUILDING OF NAVIES.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses 'and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Selling out. Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to
40c. 81 4th St., front of barber and grocery.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c oer lb at Townsend's.'
Choice candies. Tow-^nd'a. Palace Hotel*
buckled above the knee joint and supported by elastic web
bing straps passing over his shoulders^at the withers. These
straps are more to prevent the knee * boots from dropping
about his ankle joints. Should a buckle give way it would
be extremely dangerous to the flying trotter, for were he to
trip in a loosened boot a somersault would certainly follow.
Every Joint Is Protected.
A system of protecting boots, Jointed as as to admit of
folding his ankles and coronet joints, extend from the bottom
of the hind feet to the hock. These are termed the shin and
ankle boots, with speedy cut and scalping attachment and a
hock extension, which latter encircles the hock snugly and
absolutely covers all high parts liable to be cut with his sharp
hind shoes while at top speed, as his hock action la high as
well as sweeping.
The front of the hind hoof is entirely covered and protected
by the scalpers, and the speedy cut boots prevent contact at
the front of the ankle joint, a very tender spot. The hock
extension Is directly In support of the curb joint. Cresceus.
as a four-year-old, sprung a curb, so the owner desires to
afford It as much of support as Is possible.
Every buckle is leather covered to avoid rusting incident to
sweating out, and every strap is covered with chamois skin,
to avoid chafing in the least. .
Harness Costs Large Sums.
fit J?i« S th St 1 m Z l bo °" ns " from e °«l to end is so ; completely
fitted to the limbs and feet that each covers the part with suf
?o C int nt itiHTj rf° en « Urely aV ° M checkln * thea^onofthe
Inn™ « ?!?• l 6 l, a 2 ne art ' thls boot manufacture, and the
entire outfit probably does not weigh above ten pounds Felt
d^orch^e.^ leather ' " 1S 11Shter ' -orTSSy™
A duplicate set Is In use for slow work and still another
duplicate set for use should the horse break a boot at any
part. These boots are expensive. The quarter boots coat
about ten dollars, shin boots fourteen dollar^ Lee and am
extension twenty-five dollar*. The hind shFn, sjeely cut arid
bits^^X'a^aTte^doflarr 31 flfty d °" a " a »• «* the
cent wards of the State to the lowest of
political misdeeds, as Dp. Osborne's suc
cessor is a political hack and a chronic
officeholder.
Dr. Osborne had held the position since
the institution was established and had
made a special study of the diseases
which carried the afflicted ones to- his
care. He never meddled in politics, and
is a high-minded gentleman, with the rep
utatidn of conducting most successfully
the home under his control.
What excuse Gage can give for the out
rage committed in permitting the removal
of such a man we are at a loss to under
stand. Osborne is a Republican, but was
not disturbed by Governor Budd. It re
mained for Gage to perpetrate the most
disreputable act through his henchmen of
removing Dr. Ofcborne. Many hard things
have been said about Gage in the past,
PERSONAL MENTION.
Felt quarter boots, cut to exactly cover the forward hoofs,
protect his heels. Felt shin boots protect the cannon bones
to the knee. .Knee boots with an Inner arm extension are
. He stands wearing a standing martingale, and also the ring
martingale, to give the driver perfect control of his head when
he should either pull hard or go to a break. He cannot lift
his nose beyond the tension of the standing martingale. Hand
loops are adjusted to the reins, so Mr. Ketcham can be sure
of his grip on the lines,, as should a rein slip through his lin
gers he would immediately lose all control of the horse while
at speed.
Short straps, fitted with thimbles at the ends, are extended
from this body band to the ends of the shafts of the sulky,
acting In the capaci y of the breeching. The traces, or lugg,
extend from the same fastening point on the body band back
through the loop on the shafts .to the whlffletree buttons or
'clips. No shoulder straps are needed, nor are the usual
breeching straps encircling his quarters required, thus admit
ting of greater stride, as no strap 'crosses his breast to shorten
the swing- of the shoulder blades.
No Strap Binds His Breast.
An ordinary light saddletree supports the shafts, and directly
parallel to it, at a point about a foot back of the saddle piece,
the body band of the two-minute attachment, so-called, passes,
buckled like the everyday surcingle.
The bridle is furnished with blinds, and for a check-rein he
wears the high side strap, passing through loops on either side
at the rosette, thence to the upper jaw bit. A face piece sup
ports the supplementarV bit and is buckled Into the crown
piece, which passes oover the head at the ears. A chin strap
keeps his mouth closed and goes under the chin, buckled Into
check bit. • ' . I
Cresceus, when ready for a fast mile, wears the compara
tively recently invented two-minute harness and all, or nearly
all, the protecting boots as yet fashioned for a trotting horse.
entirely avoid bruising, but each 'particular strap from
browband to crupper, constituting his harness, is perfectly ad
justed, so as to obtain the best results and avoid friction,
however minute it might be. •
BEYOND the shadow of a doubt the new trotting cham
pion, Cresceus, owes much of his success to the harness
boot-makers' skill, says the Philadelphia North Ameri
can. Not alone must his. limbs be cared for so as to
It is easy, to foresee that this statement will be
made use! of by the free traders and by those Who
are willing to break down the protective system
through j reciprocity treaties, to strengthen their
claims fotf something like free trade with Cuba. That
will be another untrammeled competitor with Cali
fornia in jthe home market for fruit and sugar, and
the competitor will have the advantage of cheap water
transportation to the Eastern market. Such being
the case Californians will have to watch the issue
with care. . , ' , ¦'
A good' many difficulties have been placed in the
way of the Government by reason of the inefficiency
of men elected to office, but these are being gradually
overcome. 'General Wood says: "The elections as
a whole resulted in the extreme and revolutionary
element being elected. In many cases the men elect
ed found themselves confronted with difficulties from
the outset of their administration. They had made
promises which they could not fulfill, and as a re
sult their j popularity was short lived and complaints
and fault-finding were extensive.- To avoid serious
confusion; numerous inspectors are kept constantly
employed looking. out both, for the interests of the
Department of State and. Government and for that
of Finance. Some Alcaldes have been removed, some
suspended and some have been held under charge
of serious offenses."
Of the general condition of the country the report
makes this important statement: "The great desire
of Cuba 1 3-day is to obtain a reduction on the import
duties of Cuban products into the United States and
strong efforts are being made in this direction. All
far-seeingi business men realize that Cuba's prosperity
and advancement depend absolutely upon her com
mercial relations with the United States, where her
two maiit products have their principal markets.
High duties against Cuban products mean that the
developm-ent of Cuba will be slow, if at all. The im
portation! of United States products into Cuba, while
it is increasing, is yet considerably below the total
importation from other countries. The establishment
of reciprocity in commercial relations between Cuba
and the United States means everything to Cuba, for
if she car obtain favorable duties on her tobacco, and
especially on her sugar, her development will be im
mediate."!
The sanitary conditions of the island have been
greatly improved in every direction. The foul prisons
have been/cleaned as far as possible, but there is
need of a modern prison for; long-term prisoners.
The hospitals have been taken charge of by the gen
eral government and are now much better than they
were. The report says that leprosy is general through
out the island, but in a mild form. Steps have been
taken to find. a suitable location for establishing a
leper colony so that all persons thus afflicted may
be removed from contact with the public.
The Department of State and Government in the
island has been conducted under the supervision of
the Military Governor, but under the direct manage
ment of the Cuban Secretary of State and Govern
ment, Senor Diego Tomayo. Underthe Secretary
there are six Civil Governors of the various pro
vinces, and under them are the various Alcaldes of
the municipalities. The Government is abolishing
many of the municipalities because their existence is
not justified by any necessity and entails considerable
expense. The abolition of these offices has of course
given, rise to some discontent, but it is not serious.
Moreover the general adds: "After harvesting the
first large sugar crop since the war, which will be
completed in the coming spring, together with the
gathering and sale of tobacco, coffee and other, crops,
it is believed the municipalities that remain will be
able to assume a large proportion, of the burden now
borne by the state, and as. a result the general-rev
enues of the island will to a greater extent be avail
able for public works, such as the construction of
highways and the dredging of harbors."
GENERAL WOOD'S annual civil report upon
affairs in Cuba has^ been received' at Wash
ington. It is described as consisting of
"thirteen immense volumes" and dealing with every
subject of importance with which the Government is
concerned. From a" summary given to the press it
appears that while the conditions of the people are
by no means satisfactory still an immense improve
ment has been made since the close of the war and
the prospects for further improvement are excellent.
CONDITIONS OF CUBA.
. At the meeting of the' International Law Associa
tion in Glasgow there was a discussion upon the sub
ject of marriage, during which.it was developed that
Scotland is the place where \ marriage is most easily
effected and South Africa the land where it is most
readily dissolved; : so it seems that with* all our vari
ous experiments in marriage and divorce we do not
get a first place on either count. '
Another issue of the Sacramento Bee says: "The
Examiner is the very worst counselor the strikers
could possibly have. Public opinion will not long
remain with a cause that makes use of brutality and
violence! These acts, which the Examiner either
passes by in silence or commends, will do more to
defeat the strikers than all the arguments on the other
side. Yet the Exaininer does not perform its honest
duty and tell them so, but pats them vigorously on
the back after every act of disorder and lawlessness.
Surely it presents a sad and shameful spectacle for a
great journal." " '
The farmers throughout the State are getting alive
to the seriousness of their situation and, following the
suggestions of the Tulare Register and Marysville
Appeal, are proposing to call out a large force, pre
pared for defense, to take charge of handling their
produce here and at other points of congestion. It
is believed that they can put twenty thousand men
into the field within ten days, equipped to protect
themselves while attending to their business.
Again we warn the strikers that tlrey have alienated
their allies. •
A half-dozen country papers publish accounts of
cowardly and brutal assaults made on citizens. from
their localities who are working in San Francisco.
Some of these men have been driven out of country
jobs by striking union laborers from this city who
have undercut their . wages. In some cases their
wives and children have been by invading strikers
deprived of money they expected to earn in the hop
fields, making it necessary for the head of the family
to come to the city for employment.
The Sacramento Bee, replying to the Stockton
Mail's advice that non-union laborers be beaten to
death if need be, says: "The Bee has no sympathy
with the word 'scab.' If the men who are earning an
honest living and supporting their families in San
Francisco are scabs, will the Mail please tell us how
they differ from the union men who have flocked
into the country from San Francisco and whose in
flux has reduced the wages of ranch hands at least
50 cents a day? The 'scabs' in San Fiancisco are
keeping up and increasing wages; the union men in
the country are reducing them."
The Napa Register says: "The dastardly assault
upon three non-union men who were peaceably rid
ing on a street car at the. corner of Market and Ninth
streets in San Francisco on Saturday exhibits the
perils that attend men who go from the country to
work in the city. Two were armed and escaped, but
the third was beaten into unconsciousness and left
in the gutter. The Examiner makes little of it. It
is too busy rubbing factious ears." *
The Los -Angeles Times prints a list of outrages
and assaults by strikers on non-union laborers in this
city that fills two columns.
IT is well that the people of San Francisco be in
formed of the state of public opinion in the State,
as expressed by the impartial and independent
country press. Therefore we continue, the publica
tion of a condensation of such expressions from the
interior papers. The Stockton Independent says:
"The best, strongest and most forcible" presentation
of the merits of the employers' position in the San
Francisco strike was the editorial in The Call of
the 21st." .
Danville Sentinel: "A striker from San Francisco,
who represented himself as an officer of the Ship
joiners' Union, was in town this week, making a tour
of the country, districts to deter men from going to
the city to take the strikers' places. He stated^the
fate of any person who dared affront the almighty
union by going to San Francisco to work in this
language: 'Every scab that goes to San Francisco
from the country is a marked man. He is spotted as
quick as he takes a striker's job and will get hurt.
It may not be'the day he goes to work nor the next,
nor the next week,' but his time will come and he
will get done up. He need not fool himself becaCSe
he is strong and husky, he will get done up just the
same.' / This is the language of a labor leader,' -an
officer of a union, of an intelligent, responsible in
dividual, who was formerly a foreman in the Risdon
Iron Works. When the right of American~citizens
to work is systematically interfered with, with the
knowledge if not actual connivance of union leaders,
it is time for the city, aided if need be by the State,
to put an end to such interference. It is worth re
marking in this connection that while non-union
laborers are warned away from San Francisco and
done up if they go there, the strikers are coming
into the country, cutting under farm wages and in
the hop fields taking employment away from women
and children."
San Bernardino Times-Index: "The condition in
San Francisco is fast reaching a climax. Manu
facturers and employers are concluding that it is wise
to move away from that city and seek more desirable
location. One firm has already filed papers in Xos
Angeles to transfer its business and another has de
cided to do so."
not restore, and their internal highway may be work
ing as hard as a gate on a rusty hinge in consequence.
. They may all have, to 'be inquired into again by
the surgeons and have a' bottle of oil hung from the
floating rib to keep them greased.
STATE PRESS ON THE STRIKE.
'";.!,/ " - • - ¦ . v. • ., ¦ ¦¦¦•;./
THE SAJST FRANGISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1901.
CRESCEUS IN HARNESS READY
FOR TROTTING A FAST MILE
FRIDAY.. .SEPTEMBER 6, igoi
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address 111 CoxEKictticas to W. 8. LEAKS, Manager.
SIAXAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 2O«
PUBLICATION" OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
m Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOM? 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered 1»y Carrier*, 15 Cento Per Week.
Slnjsrle Copies. 5 Cent*.
Terms by- Mail, Including? Fostajjei
DAILY CALL (Including; Sunday), one year $8.00
DAILY CALL (including; Sunday), 6 months. 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Blnsle Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1-50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 100
AH postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded whea requested.
Ifall subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to «iv« both NEW AXD OLD ADDRESS In order
to tnrure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGSESS.
ITistftr foreign Advertising, Karqnette Building. -Chlsajs.
(tens Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
IJCEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fTEPHEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
. * NETT YORK KITWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Aetorla Ho£l; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murray Hill HoteL. .
BRAXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay. ot>en
until S:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
•:» o'clock. l?4l Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. KW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Fillmore, open until 9. a. m.
6
by d the W i!n Cl v£ e £, that * e w , a9 bounded
gffssa yftVBg.fc "^wfi
AUCTION SALES.
By McBrlde & Co.— Saturday. September 7, at 11 o'clock.
Furniture, etc., at 639 Mission street.
Call subscribers contemplntlns av change of
residence during the summer months can hart
their paper forwarded by mail to their mew
addresses by notifying 1 The Call Business Office.
This pa,, or Trill also be on sale at all •smnei
resorts and Is represented by a local affent la
Ml towns on the coaat.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
j&J&TTJSEl-IENTS.
Columbia— "A Reyal Family." :
Central— "A Voice From the Wilderness."
Alcazar — "Ineomar."
Grand Opera-house — "Rosedale."
Tlvoll— "Norma." '
Calif ornla— "An Ideal Husband."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
«venJns.
Fischer 1 b— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Baths — Swimming:.
, . . NIANS.
Uv I vjCx*1. O £
PRICE 5 CTS fiT ITh i
ORDER NOW I
_( DAY
I liVlVlOJLK IBARK FRESNO OP THE CANNERY FLEET DOCKING AT FREMONT
STREET "WHARF. SHE BRINGS FROM COPPER RIVER 41,000 CASES
OF SALMON AND 147 FISHERMEN.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in thejorder of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, aa
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the Kfei^ht. and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the' lower low waters.
TO arrive.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Roanoke Rye,*- Honey and' Horehound.
Get It. You'll not regret it. • •
To Mexico— 150 bbls flour, 102 gals wine, 108
pkgs paints and oils, 161 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 162 pkgs fruits and vegetables, 8 ctls
For Mexico, $5411; Central America, $6430;
Ecuador, $745; Peru, $1379; Chile, $6582. The fol
lowing were . the principal exports:
The steamer Guatemala sailed yesterday for
Valparaiso and way ports with a general cargo
valued at |20,547. manifested and destined as
follows:
The Guatemala's Cargo.
Branch" Hydrographlc Office," TJ. 8. N. Mer
chants' • Exchange, San Francisco. Cal •
September B,;1901. : . , ."
The. time ball on the tower of the new Perry
building was 'dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1.' e., at noon of the 120th -meridian, 'or at 8
o'clock p. m.7 Greenwich time. . - ... v-
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, V. . S. N., In charge*
Time Ball.
The schooner Luiua D was cleared yesterday
for the Marshall Islands with cargo valued at
$4355, Including the following:
265 cs canned goods, 4400 gala distillate, 1100
eals gasoline, 334 bdls pickets, 41,573 ft lumber,
3 cs clocks. 4 bbls oil, 209 gals wine, 160 lbs
corn starch. 15,000 bricks, 2 cs hardware, 19
bales twine. 100 ca salmon.
A Cargo for the Marshall Islands.
The Odderajaa has been chartered Drlor to
arrival to load wheat at Tacoma for Europe at
40s with option of Cape Town. 41s 3d; the Ha
waiian Isles, lumber at Chemainus for Port
Pirie; the Watson A. West, lumber at Grays
Harbor for Port Pirie, 45s; the W. J. Patterson,
lumber at Grays Harbor for Honolulu.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The agent inquired where he could find
other, men from whom he wished to se
cure rights of way," 1 and stated that the
line would start at Bakersfleld and run
to> Corcoran Junction, in this county,
from which point it would take a north
westerly course and cross Kings River
below the Kings River bridge at Le
moore and then proceed to tidewater. A
branch line will be built to connect with
the Coalinga field and also to other, fields
west • of here when • they "are developed,
while . branches will run from ' Bakerslield
out into the Kern River, Sunset, McKit
trick and Temblor districts. The line Is
to be of eight-inch ¦ pipe, and the agree
ment is that the pipe is to be -placed un
der ground at least one and a half feet.
Who is behind the pipe line proposition
it is impossible to find out. • McCord's
right of way was deeded to a man by the
name of Thurston. The . project must
have been " progressing very - quietly, as
this is the first heard of anything being
done to - secure rights of way, although
pipe line projects from both the ' Kern
County and Coalinga oil fields have long
been talked of. That a pipe line to tide
water will be a 1 great advantage to oil
producers there can .be no doubt, Tas the
. cost of railroad transportation is doing
much to retard development work, and
the complaint made to the 'Railroad Com
missioners appears likely to result in no
"relief. . v ;,
HANFORD. Sept. 5.— Agents are now
in Kings County securing a right of way
for an oil pipe line from Bakersfleld to
tidewater, presumably »Antioch. J. W.
McCord, who owns a farm in the Dallas
district, some twelve miles south of Han
ford, was approached to-day by an agent
and was offered a small sum for. a right
of way for the pipe jj line across eighty
acres of his farm, j Mr. McCord accepted
Nthe proposition and signed an agreement.
by Agents of Pipe Line.
Kings County People Axe Approached
SEEKING EIGHT OF WAY.
Noe Ciapuscl nearly lost his life on the
front yesterday. He stepped out of the
way of a truck and got in front of a
moving car. He escaped with a lacerated
.scalp, which was treated at the Harbor
Hospital. •
The steamship China is having a new
electric light plant put in.
The San .Jose, which sails to-morrow,
will take away 100 Chinese brought over
by the China on her last trip.
The • steamship Colombia, from South
American ports, will not get in Saturday.
She has been detained at Central Ameri
can ports.
The Norwegian bark Pleione arrived
from Newcastle, Australia, yesterday,
after a good passage of 59 days. She
brings a cargo of 1515 tons of coal.
Water Front Notes.
The Fresno is the second of the cannery
fleet to arrive, the Santa Clara, as usual,
being the first. The Santa Clara brought
home very few men, however, and the
Fresno really brings the first installment
of fishermen.
The bark Fresno arrived from the Cop
per River canneries yesterday with 41,000
cases of salmon. She brought home sixty
Chinese and eighty-seven white fisher
men. The majority of the latter are
union sailors and will at once join the
ranks of the strikers. The men say the
spring was very late at Odiak Bay and
the ice kept the salmon back. Once they
did begin to run they came In earnest,
however, and the catch was a very big
one in consequence. Two Chinese died at
the canneries and were buried up there
instead of being brought home, as hereto
fore.
Back From tHe Canneries.
The freight ferry steamer Thoroughfare
ran into the collier Horda and tug: Relief
Wednesday afternoon and there was a
narrow escape from a serious accident.
As it is, the Thoroughfare is minus a
rudder and the Relief has a rail smashed
and bulwarks damaged, while the Horda
has two plates dented. The Horda was
waiting for a ship to leave Beale-street
wharf in order to dock there. The Relief
was fast to the collier on her starboard
quarter, waiting- to help in the docking-.
The Thoroughfare came out of the South
ern Pacific freight slip and backed down
toward Mission Rock in order to head up
for the Lombard-street freight slip. Some
thing must have gone wrong- in the en
gine room, for without a moment's warn
ing she crashed into the tug and collier,
snapping the hawsers that fastened them
together as though they were pack
threads. The ferry-boat then backed
away and a few minutes later proceeded
to Lombard-street wharf, where she was
laid up for repairs.
Collision on the Bay.
OCEAN STEAMERS. .
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Cambrian,'
for • Portland, - Me.
Arrived Bept 5 — Stmr Commonwealth, from
Boston. MBPREMWHHWBB
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 4— Br 6htp
Dalblalr, from Astoria; Br shjp Khyber, from
Astoria.
LONDON— Arrived Sept 5-7Br stmr Glenesk,
from Seattle.
ST VINCENT, C V— Arrived Sept 5— Ger stmr
Kambyses, hence May '29.
SYDNEY— Sailed Sept 3— Stmr Sierra, for San
Francisco. , ' • .
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Sept 4— Br
stmr Duke of Fife, from Tacoma.
COLON— Arrived Sept 3— Stmr Orizaba, from
New York. ,
Sailed Sept 3— Stmr Finance, for New York.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed Sept 4— Br stmr
Glenesk, from Tacoma, for London.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 4— Br stmr Clav
ering. -
Arrived Sept 4— Br stmr Empress of Japan,
from Vancouver.. -. - 1 ; -.X ;".'.:;
PAPEETE— In port Aug 19— Fr bark • Col
bert ahd Fr grunboat Zelee.
. Arrived Aug 20— Fr stmr Lurance. . . Auj 21—
Eng gunboat Torch. Aug 22-<Jer gunboat Cor
moran.
Sailed -Aus 2— Brlff Lurline, for San Fran
cisco. Auk 9 — Schr Papeete. ¦- - ¦
PANAMA— Sailed Augr 24— Stmr I San Bias,' for
Ban' Francisco. - ry"--,;?^
VALPARAISO— Arrived Sept 4— U S ,' stmr
Alexander, from ' Norfolk. -. '¦. .
SWANSEA— Sailed Sept 8— Br bark Inver
lochy, for San* Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 5— Schr Emma
Utter.Trom Coos Bay.
Sailed Sent 5— Bktn Northwest, for Port
Towusend.
Arrived Sept 5— Schr Corona,' from Tacoma-
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Sept 5— Stmr
San Mateo, for Nanaimo.
Arrived Sept 4— Stmr Alcazar, from - — .
COQU1LLB RIVER— Sailed Sept 6— Tuk De
fiance, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Sent 5— Schr North Star,
from Alaska; barks Kate Davenport and Prus
sia, from Bristol Bay.
Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Alliance, for Eureka,
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Sept 4— Stmr Iaqua, for
Eureka.
Sailed Sept 5 — Stmr Iaqua, for Eureka; Ruas
ship Fahrwohl, for Portland. •
' EUREKA— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Pomona,
hence Sept; 4. :
• Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Geo Loomis, for San
Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed out . Sept 6— Schr Spo
kane, for Honolulu; Chil ship Lake Leman,
for Iquique; Bchr James Rolph, for Noumea;
stmr ProKreso, from Tacoma, for San Fran
cisco.
Passed in Sept 6— U S stmr Egbert, from
Nome, for Seattle.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Sept 1— Schr Oceania
Vance, from Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr
Bertha, from Valdez; schr Dauntless, from
Guaymas. ." , •
UMPQUA— Sailed Aug 31— Schr Sadie, for
San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Czarina and
Btmr Hyades, for Tacoma. .
Arrived SeDt 6— Stmr Bertha, from Valdez;
stmr Glenogie, from Victoria.
Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Hyades, for Tacoma.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COQUILLE RIVER, Sept 6— The tug Defi
ance, which has been at tho scene of the
stranded bark Baroda, 9 miles south of here,
left for San Francisco this mornlnsr, having
given up the attempt to save the vessel, which
will probably prove a total loss.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Augr 14, on equator, Ion 2S W— Ger ship Os
tra, from Hamburg:, for Santa Rosalia.
Augr 4, lat 26 S. Ion 39 W-Fr bark Louis
Pasteur, from Antwerp, for Oresron.
Aug 8, lat II S, Ion 35 W— Br ship Pegasus,
from Swansea, for San Francisco.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 5. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 16 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Thursday, September 8.
Rtmr Corona, Gielow, San Pedro.
Stmr Cella, HlEgins, Albion.
Stmr Luella, Madsen. .
Br stmr Guatemala, Harris, Valparaiso, etc.
Br Btmr Oak Branch, Schecl, St Vincent.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Thursday, September 5.
Br stmr Guatemala, Harris, Valparaiso and
way ports: Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
Thursday, September 5.
Btmr Gualala, Genereaux, 15 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Santa Roea, Alexander. 41 hours from
San Dieso.
Stmr Australia, Lawless, 13H days from. Pa
peete.
.Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, 92 hours from Se
attle.
U S stmr Dix, Walton, 28 days from Manila,
via Nasaeaki 2L days.
Nor ship Pleione, Abrahamsen, 69 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Bark Fresno, Peterson, 21 days from Odlak
Bay. *
Brtgr Lurlin-s, Thomson. 33 days'from Tahiti.
Scar Webfoot, Mercer, 4 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Albion, Larsen, 5 days from Coqullle
River.
Schr Gipsy, Leland, 26 hours from Monte
rey, etc.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Royal Couple Sails Northward.
St. VIXCEXT, Cape Verde Islands, Sept.
5.— The royal yacht Ophir. with the Duke
and Duchess of Cornwall and York on
board, escorted by the British cruisers
IMadein and Xiobe, sailed for Quebec to
day. ¦ ; . .
New Factory for Krupps.
BERLIN, Sept. 5.— The Boersen Courier
says that Herr Krupp has purchased
ninety acres of land near Mengede for the
erection of a new factory.
LONDON— Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Menominee.
for New York.
Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Glenock, from Tacoma,
via Yokohama.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Deutsch
land, for Hamburg, via Plymouth and Cher
bourg; Btmr La Champagne, for Havre.
ST VINCENT. C V— Arrived Sept 5-Stmr
Kamby.ses, from San Francisco, via Monte
video, for Hamburg.
GREENOCK— Arrived Sect 5— Stmr Pretor
ian. from Montreal.
SYDNEY, NSW— Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Sierra,
for San Francisco. »
GLASGOW-Salled Sept 5-Stmr Norwegian,
for Boston. , *
¦ ROTTERDAM— Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Potsdam,
for New York. . - . . t
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Waes
land, for Philadelphia. - ¦ . • • . - •
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of* the Superintendent.
NOTE — The . high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 6.
The United States freight transport
Dix, formerly the Samoa, arrived from
Manila via Nagasaki yesterday. Her only
cargo was the remains of 325 officers, sol
diers sailors and civilians who died in
the Philippines and have been sent here
for final interment. Four of the bodies
are unidentified, owing to the marks and
numbers having been removed rrom the
graves by some vandal. The remains of
Lieutenant Howard M. Koontz, Forty
fourth Volunteer Infantry; Chaplain J.
Iceland, First Tennessee Regiment
tenant D. D. Pasco. Eighteenth Infantry;
Lieutenant Max Wagner, Twenty-sixth
Volunteer Infantry, and First Lieutenant
Charles R. Ramsay, Twenty-first Infan
try, were among those brought home.
The cabin passengers on the Dix were:
A. N. Rhodes, J. E. Bell, A. F. Dunker
ton. F. P. Dean, Walter Marcey. J.
Scoane, H. R. Dickman, A. J. Harvey, S.
J. Burch, W. S. Sigourney, C. _W. Iredale,
B. J. Lucey and E. C. Hopkins, paymas
ter's clerks: Dr. Lee B. Wallace and Os
car J. Miller, contract engineer.
Arrival of the Dix.
barley, 2 coils cordage, 32 cs hardware, 25 ca
whisky, 90 crs potatoes, 10 rolls matting, 60 cs
raisins, 163 pkgs millwork, 7 pkgs ship chand
lery.
To Central America— 750 bbls flour, S71 gals
wine, 7 crs potatoes. 107 pkgrs paints and oils,
15 cs tar, 26 pkgs dry goods, 80,400 lbs cement,
2500 lbs rice, 200 ctls barley, 10 pkga firebricks,
9 crs furniture, 2 pkgs bottled beers.
To Ecuador— 90 bbls flour, 201 Eals wine, 15 cs
whisky, 460 lbs ham, 497 lbs tea, 10 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions.
To Peru— 4025 lbs dried fruit, 15 bbls flour, 33
pkgs groceries and provisions, 4320 lbs ham,
3936 lbs tallow.
To Chile— 30 lbs lubricating oil, 53 cs canned
goods, 5600 ctls wheat.
"The balloon was two hundred pounds
too heavy. The envelope is overweighted
with varnish. I made a mistake in hav
ing it constructed by inexperienced work
men, instead of by a proper ballooft
maker. The defect can easily be remedied.
I shall try again."
PARIS, Sept. 5.— A dirigible balloon in
vented fty a Frenchman named Rose was
tried to-day. The balloon consists of two
cig-ar-shaped balloons, from which is sus
pended a big basket car having two floors.
The upper floor is a sort of salon, ele
gantly furnished, for the captain, who
controls the five rudders. The lower floor
is used for the propellers. Two attempts
to ascend failed and the inventor gave up
the trial. He said:
to Overweighting 1 the Envelope
With Varnish.
DIRIGIBLE BALLOON
WOULD NOT LEAVE GROUND
Inventor Says the Failure Was Due
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Sept. 5.-Habeas
corpus proceedings to secure the release
of Miss Llda Reynolds from a local sani
tarium were begun here to-day by Dr. J.
A. Fuller of Lane. Kans.. the woman's
uncle, who in his petition asserts that she
is being held against her wishes. Miss
Reynolds is an orphan, 32 years of age.
She attempted to drown herself last May
by jumping into the lake at Washington
Park, was pronounced insane by the court
and ordered sent to the sanitarium. Her
relatives quarreled as to who should be
come administrator of her estate, which
i consists of valuable California land, and
the court appointed the Public Adminis
trator to look after her affairs. The peti
tion for her release asserts that Miss
Reynolds has regained hec sanity and is
able to manage her own affairs. The case
will be heard to-morrow.
menced to Secure Release of a
Female Patient.
Habeas Corpus Proceedings Com-
HELD AGAINST HER WISHES
IN A PRIVATE^-SANTTARIUrc
RUTLAND, V€; Sept. 5.-Rutland to
day had as its guest Vice President
Roosevelt. During the forenoon, under
escort of Senator Redfield Proctor, Roose
velt visited the marble quarries at West
Rutland and the mill of the Vermont
Marble Company. Afterward he was
driven about the city and to the fair
grounds. The streets were lined with
cheering people, and at the entrance to
the lair grounds Company A, Vermont
Xational Guard, received the carriages.
.The Vice President ¦was given a hearty
ovation. He made a short address.
From the fair grounds Vice President
Roosevelt was escorted to the private car
of Preslde/u Clements of the Grand Isle
Railroad and then taken to Proctor, where
he ate luncheon with Senator Proctor.
At 3:30 p. m. he left for Burlington. ,
Short Address.
Boosevelt Pays Visit to the Fair
• Gronnds at. Rutland and Delivers
CHKHrlUfQ MTJLT1T U I>ES
GREET VICE PEESIDENT
C. A. Thornton, Mrs. C. A. Thornton, A. D:
Giesemann, Mrs. A. D. Glesema'nn, E. C.
Mack. Svdney Musson, Miss Ester Hawley,
Miss Adelia Hawrley. Miss Emma SchweJer
sky, Mrs. T. C. Chapman, J. \V. Donnel, Mrs.
J. \Y. Donnel, Dr. G. W. Rogers, F. Guillc
Griebnon £r.. F. Guillo Grlebnon Jr.. Miss
Elisa Griebnon. Mifs Herlinda Griebnon, Jose
Manuel Balmaceda. Jorge Ruiz Fernandez.
Jose Bianchi, Manuel Bettranena, Kobert
Gross, Dr. Juan Valez, Eugene de Sabla, Mrs.
Eugene de Sabla, Emillo Licardie, Alfredo
Lioardle, Mi^s Mathilde Licardie, Miss Oc
tarre Licardie, M. Gonzales Mejia, Jose Fa^os,
airs. Antone de Mcza, Mrs. Sara M. de Melen
dez, J. M. Burnell, J. Victor Ibarra, Jose II.
Bcrumeii, V. P. Ramsey, George Reynauld,
Antonio Uattacoroa, Felix Martine, Francis
X Perrin, Miss Mattie Denis. Mrs. Tomas R.
Angeletto, Miss Inez Anpeletto. Wilbert Har
rlsan, Marie Bain and Mrs. Margaret Scott.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany's Guatemala sailed on time for Mex
ican and South American ports yesterday
with a fair cargo. Among her passengers
were Misses Ester and' Adela Hawlej*
and Miss Emma Schwedersky. These
young ladles are touring the world. They
came here from the Orient on the Hong
kong Maru and are now bound for Guate
mala. Jose M. Balmaceda and George
Ruiz Fernandez are attaches of the
Chilean Consulate in Mexico and are no
their way there. J. W. Donald is a prom
inent mining man of Mazatlan, arid Eu
gene de Sabla is one of the leading mer
chants of San Jose de Guatemala.
The Guatemala's full list of cabin pas
sengers follows:
Central and South America.
Takes Away. Many Passengers for
SATLIRO OF THE GUATEMALA.
TEXARKANA, Ark., Sept. 5.— The six
men who robbed the Cotton Belt train at
Ejlau on Tuesday night are still at large*
The bloodhounds which were taken to the
scene were of no service, as the trail was
dead. The trail of the robbers, however
was struck by VT. H. Ward, a Texarkana
newspaper man and a member of the
Sheriffs posse. Ward was accompanied
bv Yaj^dmaster Taylor of the Cotton Belt.
£i£. *mJm dtaC0T «*a "wfcere a horse had
b«:a hidden near th« company's fence
ar.d trhere a heavy bag of booty is sup
posed to have been loaded. Ward and
X^iSIn y "** e °/ a intern followed
th© trail several hundred yards and found
where six horses had been tied. They
h * Xxa^ k ran P as t an old
millsite on through a blind trail, which
was abandoned several vears ago. For
several miles they followed the blind trail
until it entered the main county road, and
V- *"S? £h< ? wn that the horsemen headed
for Texarkana. Ward and Taylor re
turned to the main posse, and when they
reported the entire posse returned here
and the trail was abandoned.
On« of the horses known to have been
used by the robbers was found by Ward
and Taylor, it being the property of a
nesrp- From his bouse the first start to
ward tne capture of the men who are be
lieved to be Implicated was made.
rsews reached here to-night that the
agent at Red "Water, seven miles below
tne scene of the robbery, shot a man who
is believed to be one of the bandits. The
enure country is swarming with officers,
who are running oown every clew.
Tracks on County Road Show
That the Men Headed for
Texarkana*
Pursuers Strike Their
Trail and Follow It
Several Miles.
¦ .- ¦• *
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Australia arrived from Tahiti yes
terday. She was a day behind
time, owing to a slight break in
the machinery and strong head
winds. Among her cargo were 46,780 co
coanuts, 111 cases of, vanilla and 423 sacks
of copra. Her passengers ¦ were V. C.
Viry, John Ray, C. A. Roccassero, J.
Frodsham, H. H. Beechner, J. C. Smith
and R. W. Smith. Besides these there
were five Chinese in the steerage in tran
sit for Hongkong.
The Australia left in port at Papeete
the English gunboat Torch, German gun
boat Cormoran and the French bark Col
bert. The Cormoran arrived from the
Marquesas a short time before the sailing
of the mail steamer, and Captain Lawless
waited long enough to give the officers
and • crew a chance to send their , mail
home by the Australia. The Colbert ar
rived from Bordeaux, .and had a terrible
time of It during the voyage. In one
storm the vessel was on her. beam-ends,
and soon after she righted an immense
wave swept her from stem to stern. The
chief officer and one of the sailors were
swept overboard. The returning sea car
ried the.m up against the side of the ship,
killing the sailor instantly and breaking
the mate's arm and leg. The crew man
aged to get the officer aboard, and he wars
doing fairly well when the Australia
sailed. The Colbert is a small bark that
has been engaged in the Tahiti trade for
years.
"The largest producing companies," Mr.
Porter said in conclusion, "are the ones
most active in trying to bring about a
combination of interests. They see no
way, unless conditions change, to pay div
idends to their -stockholders." : .
Mr.,Porter does not expect that all pro
ducing companies will be taken In at the
start. Eventually the oil producers of the
entire State may find it to their advan
tage to come in, he says. The only or
ganization of oil producers now existing
includes the Los Angeles city field solely.
"The cost of development work' If the in
terests were concentrated would be not
over one-half of that now incurred. Wells
would be put -down where the greatest
output could be reached and the cost
would be at a minimum. The marketing
of oil would also be conducted % more
cheaply, for it would not be necessary to
support so many agencies as now exist.
Instead of 'five or six parallel .pipe lines
in a district, one line woulu do the work."
The appraisers now in the field are rated
by Mr. Porter as : experts. They are Ar
thur L. Bell, William Mulholland and
Bernard Bienenfeld. They have no prop
erty in any of the fields. They are all
engineers and all have knowledge of oil
territory and all have been in the oil busi
ness. They are looking into and verify
ing the records of producing companies;
are considering the depths of sand at va
rious localities and looking into all aspects
of the properties concerned.
All Producers Concerned.
Mr. Porter spoke of many wells that
are not pumping and of some companies
that are storing oil., "If all the properties
were combined in one company." said Mr.
Porter, "I don't think that they would
have to do any development work for
twelve months. After . that posslbfy it
would be necessary to resume develop
ment. Eventually all the oil that can be
produced will be in demand. It depends
upon the oil producers what they will
get for the oil. If they continue in their
present competition, one against another,
they will have t<r take not over 25 or 30
cents per barrel. If they combine they
ought to get 50 to 60 cents per barrel.
"The ! consumer would not be hurt by
paying the higher price. Three and one
half barrels of oil are equivalent to a ton
of coal In the production of heat."
Economy in Combination.
"The conditions will be worse than they
are now," said Mr. Porter yesterday, "if
by any chance this attempt to combine
the producers should fail. The price of
oil would be lower now than it is if it
were not for this movement. Our primary
purpose is to take over the productive
fields in the Kern River and McKittrick
districts. Over SO per cent of the Kern
River field owners have already signed
the agreement submitted. We are taking
in only producing companies, the desire
being not to load down at the start with
unproductive territory. There are about
5000 acres of demonstrated oil land in the
Kern- River district. Other lands may be
taken in later it necessary. <
"We expect to issue only sufficient capi
tal stock at first to cover the appraised
value of the properties that come in at
the start. We might begin with issuing
$25,000,000 of stock; that depends upon the
appraised value of these properties. The
land will be appraised at a low value. My
present idea la that the aggregate ap
praisement of the productive properties
of the Kern River district may -be some
thing more " than $30,000,000. The produc
tion of. that district last year was 8,000,000
barrels, approximately. The companies
that have signed the preliminary agree
ment have On their hands contracts call
ing for the delivery of 4,000,000 barrels of
oil per annum,- and the, average price is
in excess of 25 cents per barrel, although
there are contracts as low as 25 cents."
Situation Is Reviewed.
This agreement shall be subject to amend
ment, addition,, revision or cancellation upon
the concurrence of the parties subscribed here
to owning two-thirds in value of the appraise
ment hereinbefore provided, to be made upon
the several properties of the subscribers, which
appraisements are to be made forthwith, and
upon such two-thirds' in value concurring the
whole number subscribing these presents shall
be bound as though all had concurred.
The instruments of sale shall be deposited
in escrow with the Union Trust Company of
San Francisco, to be delivered to the new cor
poration on or before the expiration of seven
months from the date of the issuance of the
certificate of incorporation upon the delivery of
the shares of the capital stock of the new
corporation to the amount required In each in
stance, accompanied with a certificate under
the hand of the secretary of the new corpora
tion with its corporate s^al affixed, certifying
that the directors of the new corporation have
demanded the possession of said instrument?
of sale. ' . . .
The subscribers agree that the' cost of pro
ducing: oil or the present market price of
oil is fifteen (15) cents per barrel, and that all
amounts received for oil delivered on contract
by the new company beyond such price shall
be paid to the present owner of such contracts
respectively in cash at the several times when
the money Is actually received upon such con
tracts and the owners respectively of such
contracts shall transfer and assign the same
to the new corporation and shall accept pay
ment therefor in the above method.
Some other provisions of much'import
ance are also given in full, as follows:
The plan concerning such contracts is in
full as follows:
Arranging 1 for Contracts:
grant deed and also the stock of any cor
poration under appraisement.
Making the AppraisemnL " .'. V
-The method of appraisement Is very
carefully defined, and as this Is the only
point upon which there appears to be any
present marked difference of opinion the
essential provisions . of the agreement in
this, regard are given in substance.
First the value of the land shall be
fixed. The value of the improvements,
such as .wells, pipe lines, drilling *rigs,
pumps, water rights, etc., shall be fixed
at the * amount of the present estimated
cost of reproducing them. Three compe
tent men, who are already in the field,
form the appraisement committee. Each
company pledges itself by its directors to
accept the appraisement made by -the
committee, or to show to the satisfaction
of the signers of the agreement, collect
ively, why the appraisement should not
be accepted. The decision of two-thirds
in value of the signing oil companies, ac
cording to the amount in the aggregate
of the appraisement, shall be sufficient to
arbitrate and settle any disagreement and
controversy, -and a decision shall be bind
ing upon the whole body of signers.
The appraisement shall determine the
price to be paid in consideration of the
transfer of all appraised property to the
new corporation. The payment for the
property will bo made in shares of. the
capital stock of the new corporation, esti
mated at the par value thereof excepting
In the case of contracts for the sale of
oil, for which there are special provisions.
TRAIN ROBBERS
STILL AT LARGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, .SEPTEMBER 6, 1903.
Continued Prom Page One.
OIL PRODUCERS ENTER
INTO HUGE COMBINATION
First Mate and Sailor Washed Overboard and Both Are Thrown
« ¦
Against the Ship's Side by Returning Wave, the Sailor Being
Killed — The Mail Steamship Australia Arrives From .Tahiti
FRENCH BARK COLBERT THROWN
ON BEAM=ENDS OFF THE PLATTE
7
Sun rises 5:43
Sun sets 6:33
Moon rises '.. 0:00 a. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L. W H W L W
( ... 6:« 4.2 11:24 3.1 5:34 5.6 777777 T7~
L. \V H W L. W \ H W
7 ... 0:51 0.0 7:56 4.4 12:41 3.0 6:43 5.5
8 ...| 1:49—0.1 8:51 4.7 1:48 2.7 7:54 5.5
9 .. 2:40—0.1 9:36 5.0 2:46 2.3 8:56 5.5
10... S:26 0.0 10:19| 5.2 3:36 2.0 9:51-5 5
11 .. 4:03 0.2 10:35 5.4 4:22 1.6 10:41 5 4
12 ... 4:451 0-5| U:27| 5.4 5:05 1.3 11:29 \ 5.2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Washtenaw....
Point Arena...
Pcmoi-a — ... .
Progreso
South Portland
Mandalay
Eureka
Corona
City Puebla
Arcata
Ascunclon ,
Mattewaan
Titania
Colombia
Czarina
Santa Rosa....
Doric
San Bias.......
Memphis. ......
Walla Walla..
Eureka....'
Tacoma
Point Arena ..
Humboldt
Tacoma
Coos Bay ;-....
Coqullle River
Humboldt '.
Redondo & Way Ports.
Puget Sound Ports
Coos Bay
Seattle
Tacoma
Nanaimo ....:.
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Seattle & Tacoma...*. ..
,San Diego & Way Pts.
China and Japan
Panama & Way Ports.
Hamburg & Way Pts.
Puget. Sound Ports...'..
Humboldt
[Sept. 6
Sept. 6
Sept. 7
Sept. S
Sept. g
Sept. 9
Sept. 9
Sept. 9
Sept. 3
Sept. 3
Sepf. 10
Sept. 1C
Sept. 11
Sept. 11
Sept. 11
|Sept. 12
Sept 13
Sept. 14
Sept. 14
Sept. 14
Sept. 14
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Eureka
San Jose
North Fork...
Santa Rosa...
Umatllla
Pomona
Leelanaw
Point Arena.
St.Paul......
September O.
Humboldt
- September 7.
Panama & Way. .
September 8. .
Humboldt
San Diego & Way.
Puget Sound Ports
September 9.
Humboldt
N. Ti-vla Panama
Point- Arena.
September 1O.
Nome & St Michael
September 11.
Coos Bay
Mexican Ports ....
Redondo & Way...
Tahiti direct
September 12.
Hamburg & Way..|
China and Japan..
Sydney & Way Pts
September 13.
Puget Sound • Ports
September 14.
Valparaiso & Way.
9 am
12 m)
9 am
9 am
11 am
1:30 p
2 pm
2 pm
10 am
PJer U
|PMSS
Pier i
Pier l:
Pier !
Pier !
Pier 1(
Pier ;
Pier 2
Arcata
Curacao......
Corona.... V...
Australia
2 pm
10 am
9 am
10 am
Pier i:
Pier l;
Pier l:
Pier •
fcerapls '.. ,
China......... j
Ventura
1 pm
10 am
Pier 2'
PMSS<
Pier •
City Fuebla..
U am
Pier !
Colombia.....!
113 m,
Pier II
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Dolphin...'.....
Queen........:..
City of Seattle
Portland;......
Bertha..........
Dlrigo......;...
Garonne...
Cottage City...
Al-Kl
Centennial.....
Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 6
Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept 7
Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 8
Nome & St. MIohaoi.. g e pt. io
Valdez & Way Ports... Sept. 10
Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept 12
Nome direct.: Sept. 12
Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 13
Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 15
Nome :& Teller... Sept. 15
Sun rises 5:43
Sun sets 6:33
Moon rises '.. 0:00 a. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L. W H W L W
( ... 6:« 4.2 11:24 3.1 5:34 5.6 777777 T7~
L. \V H W L. W \ H W
7 ... 0:51 0.0 7:56 4.4 12:41 3.0 6:43 5.5
8 ...| 1:49—0.1 8:51 4.7 1:48 2.7 7:54 5.5
9 .. 2:40—0.1 9:36 5.0 2:46 2.3 8:56 5.5
10... S:26 0.0 10:19| 5.2 3:36 2.0 9:51-5 5
11 .. 4:03 0.2 10:35 5.4 4:22 1.6 10:41 5 4
12 ... 4:451 0-5| U:27| 5.4 5:05 1.3 11:29 \ 5.2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Washtenaw....
Point Arena...
Pcmoi-a — ... .
Progreso
South Portland
Mandalay
Eureka
Corona
City Puebla
Arcata
Ascunclon ,
Mattewaan
Titania
Colombia
Czarina
Santa Rosa....
Doric
San Bias.......
Memphis. ......
Walla Walla..
Eureka....'
Tacoma
Point Arena ..
Humboldt
Tacoma
Coos Bay ;-....
Coqullle River
Humboldt '.
Redondo & Way Ports.
Puget Sound Ports
Coos Bay
Seattle
Tacoma
Nanaimo ....:.
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Seattle & Tacoma...*. ..
,San Diego & Way Pts.
China and Japan
Panama & Way Ports.
Hamburg & Way Pts.
Puget. Sound Ports...'..
Humboldt
[Sept. 6
Sept. 6
Sept. 7
Sept. S
Sept. g
Sept. 9
Sept. 9
Sept. 9
Sept. 3
Sept. 3
Sepf. 10
Sept. 1C
Sept. 11
Sept. 11
Sept. 11
|Sept. 12
Sept 13
Sept. 14
Sept. 14
Sept. 14
Sept. 14
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Eureka
San Jose
North Fork...
Santa Rosa...
Umatllla
Pomona
Leelanaw
Point Arena.
St.Paul......
September O.
Humboldt
- September 7.
Panama & Way. .
September 8. .
Humboldt
San Diego & Way.
Puget Sound Ports
September 9.
Humboldt
N. Ti-vla Panama
Point- Arena.
September 1O.
Nome & St Michael
September 11.
Coos Bay
Mexican Ports ....
Redondo & Way...
Tahiti direct
September 12.
Hamburg & Way..|
China and Japan..
Sydney & Way Pts
September 13.
Puget Sound • Ports
September 14.
Valparaiso & Way.
9 am
12 m)
9 am
9 am
11 am
1:30 p
2 pm
2 pm
10 am
PJer U
|PMSS
Pier i
Pier l:
Pier !
Pier !
Pier 1(
Pier ;
Pier 2
Arcata
Curacao......
Corona.... V...
Australia
2 pm
10 am
9 am
10 am
Pier i:
Pier l;
Pier l:
Pier •
fcerapls '.. ,
China......... j
Ventura
1 pm
10 am
Pier 2'
PMSS<
Pier •
City Fuebla..
U am
Pier !
Colombia.....!
113 m,
Pier II
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Dolphin...'.....
Queen........:..
City of Seattle
Portland;......
Bertha..........
Dlrigo......;...
Garonne...
Cottage City...
Al-Kl
Centennial.....
Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 6
Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept 7
Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 8
Nome & St. MIohaoi.. g e pt. io
Valdez & Way Ports... Sept. 10
Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept 12
Nome direct.: Sept. 12
Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 13
Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 15
Nome :& Teller... Sept. 15
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bartholdi's Famous Paintings,
"California of Old"
— and —
"California of To-Day,"
Beautifully reproduced in color
in Admission Day Call — out
next Sunday.
ITEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
®VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY forMCN
MORMON BISHOP'S P.ILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
¦worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
dps re tie-smoking. Cure Lost-
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power ICight Losses, Insom-
nia., Pains In Back, Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Xervoua Debility. Headache. Unfitness to Mar-
ry, Loes of Bemtn, —m, Varicocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner •*% #J ous Twitching of-
Eyelids, Effects are tTfpjirL immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote CE«TS nC y i 0 every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the- brain and nerve centers; 60c a box;. 6 for
$2 SO by mall. A written guarantee to cur« or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st..
Ban Francisco, CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. ZS
lad O Third et.
THE HAIR. BRUSH
Breeds Dandruff, Which Causes Fall-
ing Hair and Finally Baldness.
Professor Unna, Hamburg, Germany,
European authority on skin diseases, says
that dandruff is as contagious as any
ether malevolent disease, and that one
common source of the spread of dandruff
is the use of the same hair brush by dif-
ferent persons. The vray to avoid catch-
Ing dandruff or any other disease from
another's brush Is to insist on the use of
Newbro's Herptcide. It not only kills the
dandruff germ, but It is also an antiseptic
that will prevent the catching of any dis-
ease whatever through contagion of an-
other's brush.
HpB@S fl^ffl By^|a m iff**jj& cx^y *
We have a book filled with their f
pictures.
The book contains some infor-
mation about Mellin's Food. If it*
does not tell you what you want to
know, write to us.
We will -write you a special per- ,
«sohal letter, answering any questions
about the use of Mellin's Food. '
MELIilN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
Mellin's Food Is peculiarly adapted to the requirements of infants in hot 'weather. When
a baby is suffering from the heat and perhaps is a little feeble in his digestive powers, it is
absolutely necessary that the child should have a food that is easily digested and adapted
to his condition. •,* - s
Large hardwood rocket** 1
having broad wood seat— S»2. SO E
Get an estimate from' us on every- a
thing required to furnish your entire B
establishment. Credit and free de- n
livery within 100 miles. H
We close at 6 except on Saturdays i
T. Brilliant
? /FURNITURE CO., < |
338-342 POST STREET, H
Opposite Union Square. fa
DR.MEYERS&CO, j||lt%
Specialist. Disease JgtgSf ?'
and v/eakness of s||lp> }
men. Established &%&? .hfti. *£" '
1SS1. Consultation TfV^p *?&&?§£
and private book \ijtj& V
free, at offlca or by *W$* '^sWn
mail. Cures guar- \W&<JMJ5!b&
anteed. 731 Mar- KS*^^^?^ '
ket street (eleva- jfv "^^ce''^ '
.tor entrance), San v I®*>
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great h
$ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
0 C$ 105lMA2SET5T.l3*..6i47'.l,S.r.Cj!. I
\ *Zj The Largest Anatomical Museum in rte \
m »«eafe>» w 'orldL Weaknesses or any contracted A
• ESsSu *s«a?e p«slll»«-Iy caroilhy the oldest f
W ffJgT &5J Specialist on the Coast. EsL 36 years. (j)
$ fllUfll DR * JCRDAN - D ISEASES OF MEN Q
\ IGifQJftQ Ccnsulution free and strictly private. \
4 I iSrJl B Treatmint personally or by le:rer. A A
\ fi W Tl M •""'•*»• Cure in every ease undertaken. \
e P I Ul& w rite for Book. PniLOSUPB V of A
* II II HABRIAGE, MAILED FREE. ( A J
A O ft valuable book for men) k
¦ f DC. JUBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. P. f
Educate Your Bowels.
Your bowels can be trained as well
as your muscles or your brain. Cas-
carets Candy Cathartic train your
bowels to do right. Genuine tablets
stamped C. C. C. Never sold in
bulk. All druggists, ioc.
• Rifles, Ammunition, Flsh-
&h B B&l «¦« Tackle, Sporting. Out-
1 "I Ii*Bk ln £ Goods. Largest Stock.
I ¦ I I lia Lowest - Prices. Send for
Gil IHIH Catalogue and Job Sheet.
UUlUV SHR-.VE 4 BAUBER CO..
739 MarKet. 511 Kearny.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. S23 Market.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA !^S
Every Night Except Sundays
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Seats ready for all remaining \ performances.
CHARLES FROHM AN Presents
ANNIE RUSSELL
In the Comedy of Romance,
A ROYAL FAMILY
- By R. Marshall.
Next Week-Final Nights ANNIE RUS-
SELL in "A ROYAL FAMILY."
CHUTES AND_ZOO ;5ftS£T
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL!
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
GRAND PRIZE CAKEWALK
Telephone for Seats—Park 23.
BASEBALL.
OAKLAND vs. SACRAMENTO
To-Day and Saturday at 3:15.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P.M.
Monday (Admission Day), at 2:80.
RECREATION fARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets. '
~ SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS.
OPENDAILT from 7 a.- m. to 11 p. ia»
Bathing from* 1 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
. ADMISSION. 10c. . .CHILDREN, 5c.
1 Bathing, Including admission, 25c; children, 20c.
* ~I _ I W O Ha 1 *
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
TO-NIGHT and Saturday Night,
oJcifoVca^ORMA
Sunday Nlsht, Saturday Matins*.
mig n oN_ T &£r vssr
"CA»HEN"»»Neit Week—" FAUST"
POPULAR PRICES— 23c. 50c and 73c
Telephone Bush 9.
THIS EVENING.
LAST SATURDAY— MATIXEE TO-MORROW.
MR. JAMES AMDTH2
lUFr/f I neill
M V SmmJ 1 .fitwikW COMPANY.
PRESENTING
AN IDEAL HUSBAND.
NEXT -WEEK-LAST OF MR. JAMES NEILJ,
AND COMPANY.
Sunday and Monday Evenings • I BARBARA
Monday Matinee — 25c and 50o | FRIETCHIR
Tuesday Evening THE JILT
Wednesday Ev'g..A BACHELOR'S ROMANCK
Thursday Matinee THE JILT
Thursday Evening A ROYAL BOX
Friday (f arewelO . . .THE LOTTERY OF LOVE
SEATS NOW READY.
VAUDEVILLE'S
BRIGHTEST PHASES! .
HBBY. TRAYER AND GILBERT. THE FIVD
SUNBEAMS. THE. LA VALLEE TRIO,
MLLE. LOTTY, TALKATIVE MISS NOR-
TON. THE GREAT POWELL AND HIS
COMPANY AND THE BIOGRAPH. LAST
TIMES OF LUCILLE SAUNDER3 AND
THECRAGG FAMILY.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c: Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
Special Matinee Monday— Admission Day,
MATINEES TO-MORBOW AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT, BALANCE OF WEEK
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In Lester Wallack's Great Play,
"ROSEDALE."
Joseph Ha-worth's performance of Elliot Gray
Is a masterpiece of love, comedy and pathos.
POPULAR PRICES-lOc, loc, 25c, 50c. 73c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 2T.c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
NEXT WEEK
JOSEPH HAWORTH IN "QUO VADI3."
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In a superb production of
\
WITH ALL NEW SCENERY.
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 35c. 50c and 75c.
NEXT WEEK— FLORENCE ROBERTS.
"THE TAMING OF THE SHREW."
Extra Matinee Monday— ADMISSION DAYt
BELASCO a*b TrtALESjt+crfi&t
\w-^ mi&tcirriM&i
EVERY EVC AT 8 O'CLOCK SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUN. 2 P. II.
TRANSCENDENT TRIUMPH of Edward Eis-
ner's Spectacular Biblical Drama
A VOICE FROM
THE WILDERNESS.
Engagement of the Eminent American Actor,
ROaERT DOWNING.
200 People on the Stage— A Great Cast.
pDif'tC Evenings ....10c 15c. 25c. 35c. 60o
I.v.'^LO Matinees 10c. 15c. 25o
EXTH1 HA1INES NEXT MONDAY (Adasisaioa D17)
FT^r.WPT?'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
T lOtHfili O Admission IOc.
The Paloma Quartet, the Coopers, Jun»
Mathias, Sam Holdsworth. W. W. Durant,
Amos Davis. Maybelle de Heard. Coleman and
Mexis and ' Hlnrichs' Orchestra.
Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
PALACE
¦ _ Tnese hotels possess
AND the attributes that temr-
****** ists and travelers ap-
rDAMn picclate— central loca-
WvA*' 1 ' . Uon. liberal manast-
UAT ci c ment. modern appobit-
nUlL.L.3, msnta and perfect cut*
sine.
S an American and Euro-
"*"\ peaa plans, ,
Francisco.
— , ¦ ¦ — ¦ -¦¦--.- — - — . -
AT^TT^'f^tJi'ipyTM HtwTR-Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, Sept. 5.— Wheat— Unchanged; Blue
stem, 66c; Club, 55c.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. Sept. 5.— Wheat— Steady at 53c
for Walla Walla, 56c for Valley and Bluestem.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, "Or., Sept. 5.— Clearings, $526,
750; balances, $104,439.
NEW YORK, Sept. .5.— The market for cot
ton futures opened steady In tone 6 to 8 points
higher and continued to advance after the call
on moderate demand from room traders. The
market was finally steady, net 12@14 points
higher.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. ,5.— Business in the loca!
metal market was very slow to-day. Tin was
rather unsettled • and slightly lower, in sym
pathy with the depression abroad. Spot closed
unsettled and easy at 125 50. At London values
declined 15s under liquidation, closing with
spot at £115 and futures at £111 15s. Copper
was dull and unchanged at $16 50 to $17 for
Lake ! Superior and $16 37%@16 62V4 for casting
and electrolytic. In London copper was 2s 6d
higher on a scarcity of sellers rather than
an increase in demand. Spot closed at -£66 1S«
and futures at £67 2s 6d. Lead continues dull
at $4 37V4 here, while values in London were
also unchanged at £11 17s 6d. Spelter ruled
dull and -nominally unchanged at home and
abroad, closing at $4 and £17, respectively. At
Pittsburg Bessemer plglron was weak and
quoted at $15. Locally, however, trade was
quite slow, with values still without change.
Pigiron warrants, $3@10; No. 1 Northern foun
dry, $15@15 50; No. 2 foundry. Southern, soft,
$14 7c t? 15 25. Glasgow warrants closed at 53s
8d and Middlesboro closed at 44s 10^d.
New . York Metal Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. 5.— CATTLE— Receipts, 9000,
including 600 Texans and 2000 Westerns. Gen
erally 10c higher. Butchers' "stock, firm; Tex
ans and Westerns, 10c higher; active. -' Good to
prime steers, Jo 60@fi 45; poor to medium, %i@
5 60; stackers and feeders, $2 25@4 25; cows and
heifers, $2 35® 5 ; canners, $1 50@2 25; bulls, $3
@4 60; calves, 25c to 40c higher, $3@6 10: Texas
steers, $3 30@5 10; Western steers, $3 S3® 5 25. ¦
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 21,000; to-morrow,
20,000; left over, 1500; 5c higher; active. Mixed
and butchers', $5 95@6 85; good to choice heavy,
$6 3G@6 92%; rough heavy, $5 95@6 25; light,
$5 90@6 75; bulk of sales. -$6 20@6 60. ¦
• SHEEP— Receipts, 13,000; steady. Good to
choice wethers, ¦ $3 65@4 10; I fair to choice
mixed, $3 30@3 70; Western sheep, $4 25@5; na
tive lambs, $3@4 75; Western lambs, J4@4 70.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Sept. 5.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 2100. •: Good corn beeves, strong 1 to 10c
higher. Natives. $3@6 10; cows and heifers. $1
($4 So; bulls and stags, $2@4 50; stockers and
feeders, $2@4; veals, $2 25@4 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 6700. Market 10c higher.
Light and light mixed, $6 10@6 55; medium and
heavy, $6 40@6 65; Digs, $3 50@6; bulk, $6 37^4
@6 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 234. Market quiet; steady.
Top, natives, $5. - ¦ ' .
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL."-
Wheat— ! Sept. ' Dee.
Opening . ,. 5*6% 5 8%
Closing 6 6% 5 8H
' • ' PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 21 50 22 85
Closing 21 55 23 00
Flour — .. .
Opening ...............'. 27 45 23 05"
Closing ....27 60 29 05^
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Board—
50 Junction .' 2S
SO Peerless ..1 .". 5 00
5 Hanford 118 00
lOOOLIon , 11
3000 Petroleum Center- ¦.... 3
500 Sterling ... ...........:...".. 140
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning"" Session.
The feeling ; in s Hay was : steady . ' and : there
was a good demand . for choice J wheat, as re
ceipts', were light and the ' small" dealers 'were
out 'in force ' for • supplies. .': Prices showed no
improvement,- however.' Feedstuffs ; were as be
fore auoted. '. . • ¦ . ¦ ;
: Dealers In Hay are complaining of the scarci
ty Of cars and the difficulty in unloading them
here when they get them, owing to the strike.
Both of these drawbacks are. keeping a great
deal of Hay j back which ought to get In before
the rains. •.-'¦- ¦ ¦ . ¦ , ¦ . . ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ ••:.¦. i •
- BRAN— $20 60021 60 per ton. ...
¦ MIDDLINGS— $22@23 per ton.
, FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled ; Barley," $16@17 50 per
Hay and.Feedstu ffs.
WOOL — Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern, de
fective, 7 months, 7@Sc; Oregon Valley fine.'
14<9)15c:- do, medium and 'coarse, v ll@13c; Ore
gon, Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4H®4?4c per lb;
No. 2. ZVsdlic; grease. 2%@3c. '¦¦
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about* VAcr under quotations. : Heavy', saltci
Steers,'' 10'ic ; - medium, 9%c ; light, • • 9c ; Cow
Hides, 9c ' for heavy and 9c for light ; Stags,'
6Vic; Salted Kip,' 9%c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry 'Hides, 16@I6i-4c; Culls. 14c; Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands, 15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c ; each; , short
Wool, S0®'o0c each; medium, "50@75c-: long
Wool. 80c@$l | each; Horse Hides, I salt, $2 60c*
2 75 for large and $2® 2 25 for medium, $1 50@
175 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides',
dry. $1 75 for large,' ?1 25@1 50 for medium. $1 25
for email and 50c for Colts.' Deerskins — Sum
mer or red skins, 35c: fall or medium skins,'
30c; . winter ' or thin -.. skins, ¦ 20c. . Goatskins—
Prime Angoras, 75c; li large ¦ and " smooth,' 50c;
medium. 35c. <••*.; . ." ;'. • .
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
i MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual' discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, 1 $3 - per 100 lbs ; Rye Flour, $2 75 ; Rye
Meal," $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $o; Hominy, }4
@4 25; •.• Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; | Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour;
$3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 36; i In
sacks, $6 E0@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5;
Green Peas, $6 50 per. 100 lbs. . ¦
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, . $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2_75 per barrel for family and
$2 7B@3 for bakers' ; Washington '• bakers', $2 75
®3. •-¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ •.¦ t-v.v , ';
Flour and Millstuffs.
COTTOLENE- One half-barrel, 3%c; threes
half -barrels, 9%c; one stlerce. 9Vsc; two tierces,
9c; i five tierces. 8%c per lb.
CURED MEATS — Bacon," 12c per lb for heavy,
12%o for light medium, 13Hc for lights 14%c
for extra light and 16c for- sugar, cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 14@l4^c; California
Hams, 13%c: Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mess>, $12;. Family. $12 60; prime Mess Pork,
$15; extra clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef,
14c per pound. ¦ • .
. . LARD— Tierces quoted . at 7@7^c ' per lb , for
compound and lie for pure; half-barrels, pure
HUc: 10-lb tins, HV4c; 5-Ib tins, ll%c. '
Prices 'are unchanged, though some dealers
who are well supplied are inclined to quote an
easy market foj\ Hams and Bacon.- The feel-
Ing in Lard continues very firm. -
Provisions.
There is nothing new to report. The" feeling
Is steady to firm all around.
FRUITS— Apricots, !j@10c- for Royals and 8@
14%c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7%@S»ic; sun dried, 4@4%c;
Peaches, 6@8c; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted, 4
©oVic; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines, 6<g6%c for
red and 6@6V4e for white; Figs, 3><Jc for black.
PRUNES^-Old crop are quoted ' by the Asso
ciation on the basis of 3%c for the four sizes.
New crop are quoted on the basis of 3'i®3Uc
for the four sizes. .- ,,
RAISINS— Are cleaned up and nominal.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12@l'V4c-
No. 2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10Hc; No 2,
6%@7i,ic; Almonds, 13@14c for papershell 10©
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell :' Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12<g>12V4c;
Filberts, 12@12»4c; Pecans ll®13c; Cocoanuts
$3 50@5. (
HONEY— Comb, 12@12V4c for bright and 10®
12c for light amber; water white extracted, *>/.
@6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5c; dark' 40
4Vic •-
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb. ,
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales, v ¦
Regular Morning Session — No sales. .
Afternoon ¦ Session— No sales. ¦
.OATS— Chicago reported a sale of 110,000 bush
els clipped White- Oats for export. This mar
ket was quiet at the decline already noted.
Grays, $1 15@1 22%; whites, $1 15@1 30; black,
&7',4c@$l 05, and red, $1 05@l 17% per ctl. .
CORN— There was more ¦¦ Interest taken In this
grain at Chicago yesterday than on any day
since the recent excitement.' The feeling was
firm and the market advanced,- mainly on the
rumor that the forthcoming Illinois State re
port would show a condition of 45. j A dispatch
to Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. said: "The lead
ers believe that Europe will get the last of the
Argentine shipments this month, when the de
mand must turn to America without much re
gard to prices. In fact, shipments are already
increasing, which looks as if the foreigners had
already started in. Stocks of old Corn in the
West are about exhausted. The largest and
best • informed traders, those who spend the
most money on crop reports and buy and ship
large lines, have been, believers; in Corn all
along and are still. The estimate for the com
ing crop remains at about 1,400,000,000 bushels.
The Missouri . State report gives a condition of
27,' an improvement over August 1." ,,
This market continues dull and featureless.
Small round Yellow, $1 75; Eastern Yellow,
$165; White, $175@lS0per ctl; mixed, $165. .
RYE— Quoted at 75@80c per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES. -
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls.
$1 00%. May— 20C0, $1 04%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls, $1 00% ;
8000, $1 00%. May— 10,000, $1 04%.
BARLEY— The market continues Inactive and
unchanged here, but there is more or less de
mand for shipment In the Interior.
Feed '73%@75c for choice bright, 72Hc for No.
1 and 70c for oft grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades 77&@85c; Chevalier, 95c@$l 05 per ctL
WHEAT— The foreign markets were steady
to firm.
Chicago advanced slightly, with a moderate
cash demand. Speculation was quiet, as atten
tion was somewhat, diverted • to Corn. The
Southwest bought freely. Minneapolis stocks
have increased 500,000 bushels thus far this
week. ¦ . • .•¦.•¦• . .*
. The San Francisco market continued quiet
and unchanged, though futures showed some
firmness.
• Spot Wheat— Shipping, 9614c; milling. $1®
1 02V4 per ctl. •
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — . 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12^
Silver, per ounce — ' - 58'^
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 ,@ 47»$
Exchange and Bullion.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 50c@$3; Lemons
$1®1 25 for common and $2 5003 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, $l@2 50; Mexican Limes
$3©3 50; Bananas, 75c@$l 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, $150(g3 per dozen.
GRAPES— Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent more than small boxes and crates
which are quoted as follows: Fontainebleau
and Sweetwatsr, 30@50c per box and crate-
Tokay, 30@75c per box; Muscat, 35@75c- Seed
less. 73®90c; Black, 35@75c; Isabella, 50c(S
$1 10; Wine Grapes, $25@26 per ton for Zin
fandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 40@S5c ¦ per box; Canta
loupes, 60c@$l 25 per crate; Watermelons, $5®
25 per 100. - .
PEARS— Bartletts, $1@1 25 per box for No 1
50@90c for No. 2 and $30@40 per ton; ccher
Pears.. 25@30c per box.
QUINCES— 50c per box. .
STRAWBERRIES— $6@8 per chest for Long
worths and $3@6 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest
LOGAN BERRIES— Per chest, '-.
RASPBERRIES— $6@8 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@8c per lb
FIGS— Black, 50c@$l for double layer boxes;
White, 25@75c.
POMEGRANATES-$1 25@1 50 per box.
PEACHES— 25@60c per box and $20030 per
ton for Frees and $25@40 for Clings; Peaches In
carriers, 50@85c. according to size of carrier-
Mountain Peaches. 50®75c per box. ¦ '
NECTARINES — White. per box; Red
40@75c.
PLUMS— 20@50c per box; Prunes, 30@60c per
crate; Washington Gages, ?20 per ton: E*k
Plums, $15@20 per ton. -
APPLES— 75c@$l 23 per box for good to choice
and 35@65c for ordinary.
CRABAPPLES— 60@75c per box. according to
package.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes are dull and
weak, with more on the market than the de
mand calls for. .. . ¦ •
Melons continue to bring good prices, the re
cent advance being maintained. : Grapes are
still in free supply and slow of sale.
The market is quiet and without much fea
ture at the moment. There are a good many
Peaches in bulk lying around and there is no
lack, of Plums.- Supplies of Bartlett Pears are
light and this description rules firm.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20t) Cala-Standard 23
100 Cala-Etandard '24
5 Hanford 120 00
5 Hanford. 8 90 , 119 00 '
100 Home, b 30 3 so
100 Independence u
200 Junction .- 27
10 Peerless 5 12^
Morning Session.
Board—
1000 California-Standard 24
2100 Junction ...; :.... 27
100 Occidental of W Va.... _ 43
100 Peerless 5 00
600 Peerless, b 90 5 25
500 Peerless, cash 5 OO
50 Peerless, b 30 „.. 5 25
100 Peerless, b 60 5 25
POO Reed Crude 35
100 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 8 50
700 Sterling 1 37*i
50 Sterling 140
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Street—
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 39 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Assn '. 132 00
$2000 Bay Counties Power Co as 105 75
100 Equitable Gas 4 00
ICO Equitable Gas, s 90 4 OO
5 Giant Powder Con 75 50
40 Kilauea S P Co 12 37*j
105 Makawell S Co 23 00
$6000 Oakland Gas bonds 113 50
W Oceanic S S Co 33 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co '. 39 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 30 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co — 33 23
$22,000 S P of C 6s (1905. Series A) 1.109 75
5 Spring Valley Water g7 00
10 Spring Valley Water, s 3..... 87 12*i
$1000 Spring Valley 6s m 37*i
Morning Session.
Board— . . *
100 California Fruit Canners 94 00
20 Cal Wine Assn 93 00 2
10 Cal Wine Assn 94 75
30 Giant Powder Ccn 7550
15 Makawell S Co ' 25 00 :
$2000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 120 25
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 120 37*i
$50<> Oakland Transit Co 6s 120 00 "
$2000 Oakland Tranalt Co 6s 120 50
25 Oceanic S S Co, s 90 3550
10O S F Gas & Electric Co 39 00
$5000 S P of Arizona (1310) 113 23
$1000 S P. of C 63 (1912)... 121 S7*i
$3000 S P of C 6s (1912) 122 00
$10,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) 103 00
350 Vigor! t 4 00
Alaska Pack. ..131% — Oceanic S Co.. 35*i 36
Cal Fruit Can. 93% — Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 94?4 95 Pac C Borax. — —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint 16 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
. SUGAR.
Hana 6 6% Kllauea ....... — 12*£
Hawaiian .... — 50 Makawell 25 27
Honokaa — 14 Onomea .' 23 23
Hutchlnson 15 15*4 Paauhau 12*4 —
Giant 75*4 7o IVigorit 3% i
POWDER,
THURSDAY, Sept. 5—3 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask., Bid.Ask.
4s quar coup.. 113 113*i 4s qr c (new).l37 138
4s quar reg... 113 112*i 1 3s quar coup.. 109
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s. 105% — Oceanic SS 5s. 101 —
Cal-st 5s 117 — Omnibus C 63.132 —
C C Water 5s. — 108 Pac G Imp 4s — 100
Ed L & P 6s.. 128*4133 *i Pk & Cl H 6s. 108 112*4
Fer & Cl R 6s. — — Pk & O R 6s.ll7 —
Gear»st 5s ... — — Powll-st R 6s. — —
H C & S 5*4s. 106U — Sac E G R 5s. 95 —
Do 5s - - S F & SJV os.122 123*4
L03 Ang R os.117 — Sierra Cal 6s. — —
L A Light 6s.l01*4 — S P of A 63
Do gntd fis ..100 — (1909) ........112*4
Do gntd 5s. .102 — (1910) 113*41133;
L A & Pac 5s.lO2*i - S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. — — (1905). Ser A.109*iH0
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l27*4129 (1906), Ser B.llOV.110»i
Do I c m 5s. — 122*4 (1906) 112%U3'
Nev C N G 7s.lO5 114 (1912) 122 12**ii
N R of Cal 63.112 — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 121*4122*4 c gntd 5s ....107 —
Nor Pac C 6s. 101*4 — S P Br Cal 6s 136
Do 5s .105*4106 S V Water 6s.lll*4 —
Nor Cal R 5s.Hl — Do 4s 102%103*i
Oak Gas 5s.... 113*4114 Do 4s 3d m..l01 —
Do Trans 6s.l20%12O*f. Stktn Gas 6s..lO4 —
Do Water 5a. — 102%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77% 78 I Port Costa .... 60 65
Marin County. 53 60 I Spring Valley. 86% 87>4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.. 4 5 Pac Light — 47
Equitable — 4 Sacramento ... —
Mutual 4*4— S F G & E.... 39 33*J
Oakland 51%— San Francisco. 4*i 4U
Pac Gas Imp.. 36 38 Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund.— 247 I I
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal — 86 L P & A 157*4
California ....404 403 Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO8 . — S F National.. 127*4129
First Natlonal.303 312
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ........1900— Sav & Loan..— —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav ... 52 — Union Trust.. 1600 i
San Franclsco.520 — ". *
, STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 — OSL&H 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio — '40
Market 76& 76?*
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
BUTTER— Creamery, 25@26c per lb for fancy
and 23@24c for seconds; dairy, lS@23c; store
Butter, 15<gl7*4c per lb; Creamery Tub, 18@20c:
Pickled Roll, 17@19c; Keg, 16@18c per lb.
CHEESE — New. • ll@ll*4c; old. nominal;
Young America, 12c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 26<g29c for good to fancy, with
sales at 30c; store. 17}&t£23c P er dozen; Eastern
16@21c.
Receipts were 26,000 pounds of Butter, 479
cases of Eggs, cases of Eastern Eggs, 42 -
500 pounds of California Cheese and — - pounds
of Eastern Cheese. ¦
Eggs are quoted quite firm and full prices
are obtained without much difficulty." Receipts
are light. Store Eggs do not follow ranch up
very readily, as they have to compete with
cold storage and Eastern . goods.
Cheese is doing rather better.
„ Butter is weak at the decline already noted
and the tendency is to sell. Supplies are lib
eral and the demand is nothing extra.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Aside from some activity in Oakland Transit
6 per cent bonds there was nothing new on
the morning session of the Bond Exchange.
Business was fair. There were no changes of
note In the oil stocks.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers sold up to
$132.
The monthly dividend of the Paauhau will be
paid on the 10th inst.
The West Shore Oil Company's dividend of
5c is payable on the 25th inst.
Pacific Lighting was ex-dividend of 35c. or
$11,550, yesterday.
Hare and Rabbits are arriving in poor condi
tion, and sell for what they will' bring. ;
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gobblers
and ll@12c for Hens; Young Turkeys. 20c;
Geese, per pair. $1 50@l 75: Goslings. $1 50@l 75;
Ducks. $3@3 50 for old and $3 50®5 for young!
Hens, J3@4 for common and $4 50(55 50 for
• c ?i y ° un « Roosters, $3@5 50; old Roosters,
$4@4 oO; Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers, $3@3 50 for
large and $2@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $123®
1 50 per dozen for old and $1 25@1 50 for
cquaus. ...
GAME— Doves, per dozen, 75c@$l; Hare, 50®
i5c; Rabbits, $l<gl 25 for Cottontail and $1 for
Brush.
The market stands about the same, the supply
about balancing the demand. One car of East
ern came In, making two thus far this week.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 5.
Flour, qr ska.... 16,343 Hay, tons 387
Barley, ctls 6,340 Middlings sks .. 350
Oats, ctls ...: 3,350 Bran, sks 1133
Corn, ctls 43 Pelts, bdls 150
Tallow, ctls ..... 239 Hides. No 341
Sugar, ctls '. 4,847 Flaxseed, sks .... 72
Beans, sks 420 Wool, sks 283
Potatoes, sks .... 6,364 Lime, bbls 91
Onions, sks 2,370 [Brandy, gals .... 1,500
Hops, bales 80|Wine gals 25 200
Straw, tons 15 Leather, rolls .... 93
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 1,0401
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 10,380
Andes 01 03 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher 11 12 Mexican .......* 20 23
Best & Belcher 20 23 Occidental 01 03
Bullion ........ 01 02 Ophlr 7S 77
Caledonia 17 18 Overman 05 08
Challenge Con. 16 17 Potosl 04 05
Chollar 04 05 Savage 03 03
Confidence 69 71 Scorpion — — 01
Con Cal & Va.l 70 1 75 Seg Belcher .. 02 04
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 13 13
Con New York. - ,01 Silver 'Hill .... 31 33
Crown Point... 02 05 St Louis OS —
Eureka Con ... 14 — iStandard —3 23
Exchequer — 02 j Syndicate — 08
Gould & Curry. 08 10 1 Union Con .... 08 09
Hale & Norcrs 16 19 Utah 04 05
julla — OJlYellow Jacket. 12 13
THURSDAY. Sept. S— 4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha — 03 Justice 03 03
Alta 03 05 Kentuek ....... — 02
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l*4@2*4c; String
Beans, l@3c; Limas, 2@3c; Cabbage, 60@65c per
ctl; Tomatoes from the river, 25@35c; from Ala
meda. 40@65c; Dried Peppers. 10@12*4c; Green
Okra. 40(ii65c per box; Carrots. 25@33c per sack-
Cucumbers. Bay, 25@35c; Pickles, l*4@l*4c per
lb for small and %@lc for large; Garlic 2®3c-
Green Peppers, 25(§40c per box for Chile and 25
@40c for Bell; Egg Plant. 25@40c per box; Green
Corn. 35@75c per sack; Alameda. 65c@$l per
crate; Berkeley, 50@65c; Summer Squash, large
boxes, 25@35c; new Marrowfat Squash nom
inal. "
POTATOES— $1 15@1 30 In. sacks and $1 35@1 50
In boxes for Burbanks, $1 15@1 25 for Garnet
Chiles and $1 10@l 25 for Early Rose; Salinas
Burbanks, $140@165; Sweets, 40@75c for Rivers
and 90c©$l for Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow, • |1 10@l 30 per ctl; Picklo
Onions. 50@"5c per ctl.
Onions continue steady, being in demand for
Australia, but this demand is expected to cease
with the sailing of the Ventura on the 12th,
when the market may ease off. It is reported
that the first shipment to Australia from here
arrived in bad order.
Vegetables continue weak, ' with a further de
cline in Tomatoes.
The situation in Potatoes is very uncertain at
the moment. The shipping demand has fallen
off, but: whether it has left the State, or merely
been shifted to some other point like Sacra
mento, local dealers are . not yet able to find
out. There is a report that Colorado and Min
nesota have taken California's place as sources
of supply for the. large Southern demand, but
dealers are unable to substantiate this report
either, so the trade are more or- less at sea.
The feeling is weak, however, and the' market
Is much quieter, with large receipts.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
COAL OIL— "Water White Coal Oil, In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil, In cases, 19c; Astral. 19c; Star'
19c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 24c; Eocene 21c
deodorized stove gasoline. In bulk, 15c; in cases'
21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in cases, 20c; 86-de
gree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon in cases and
52c in drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR-The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.20c-
Powdered 3.05c; Candy Granulated, 5.05c- Dry
Granulated, 4.95c; Confectioners' A, 4.95c- Fruit
Granulated. 4.95c; Beet Granulated, 4.85c; Mag
nolia A, 4.55c; Extra C. 4.45c; Golden C, 4 35c
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes'
50n more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dom
lnos, half-barrels, 5.45c: boxes, 5.70c per lb
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases No
1, 70c; pure, $122; Linseed Oil. in barrels,
boiled, 56c: raw, 54c; cases, 5c more: Lucol.
56c. for boiled and 54c for raw in barrels; Lard
Oil, extra winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases
85c; China Nut, 55® 72c . per gallon: pure Neats
foot Oil, barrels. 67*4c; cases, 72*jc; Sperm
pure. 65c; Whale Oil, natural white. 40045c
per gallon; Fish Oil, in barrels, 37*4c; casas,
42*4c. .
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7%®
7%c; local make, *4c less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags, 32®53c; Fleece Twine. 7%©8c; Fruit
Bags. 33@35c: Fleece Twine. 7*4@Sc; Fruit
-r,F9 AL ~ Welllnston ' S 9 l>eT ton = Southfleld
Wellington. J9; Seattle, $7: Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 50 In bulk and $13 75 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions $S 43
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand.
General Merchandise.
Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher ...;.... 13 1 100 Ophlr Tf
10O Best & Belcher 22 1 200 Sierra Nevada. 13
600 Chollar 03 200 Silver Hill .... 33
200 Crown Point .. 04 300 Union Con .... Of
300 Hale & Norcrs 17 :
500 Andes 02 600 Mexican 23
500 Best & Belcher 23 300 Occidental ,03
'800 Chollar 05 100 Ophlr 31
100 Con Cal & Va.l 85 500 Savage 05
100 Con Cal & V.I 77*4 300 Sierra Nevada. IS
300 Gould & Curry 09 500 Union Con 09
200 Mexican 24 300 Yellow Jacket. 1*
700 Mexican 22
Morning Session.
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
200 Andes 02 100 Hale & Norcrs 17
100 Best & Belcher 22 100 Ophir 77
10O Caledonia 17 200 Overman 05
200 Challenge 17 100 Sierra Nevada. 13
300 Con Cal & Va.l 75 100 Sliver Hill : 33
10O Confidence 71 100 Union Con OS
100 Gould & Curry 09
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 13 1 100 Occidental 02
600 Best & Belcher 23 500 Ophlr SO
200 Caledonia 13 150 Ophir 81
200 Challenge 20 200 Savage 05
200 Chollar 03 300 Sierra Nevada. 15
850 Con Cal &.Va.l 80 300 Union Con ..... W
600 Mexican .." 23 800 Yellow Jacket. 15
Morning Session.
The following were the sales in the San Fran-
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
Large White and Blackeye Beans continue to
ease- off. There Is no, other change In Beans
worthy of note, though dealers are shy about
buying,' owing to the incoming ! of the • new
crop. The feeling in most descriptions Is weak.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 90@3; Small White. . $* 90®
5; Large White, $3 25@3 40; ¦ Pink, $2 35@2 45;
Red, $2 7o@3; Blackeye,- $3@3 25; Limas, $6 40®
6 50; Red Kidney, $4 per ctl. -
SEEDS— Brown Mustard; nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 25@2 50; Canary, 3*4
@3%c for. Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal ; Rape, 1%
@2*4c; Hemp, 3*4c per lb. :
DRIED , PEAS— Niles; $1 65 ¦ per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
PORK— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6«@
6*4c: over 200 lbs. 6c; feeders. ; sows, 20 per
cent off: boars. 50 per . cent oft and stags 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7*4@3Kc. -
LAMB— 7@3c per lb.
All descriptions are quoted as before.
• Wholesale rates from slaughterer* to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@5*i.c per lb
for cows. . ,
VEAL— Large. 7@8c; small, 8@9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers, 6*5S7c; Ewes. 6@6*4c per
pound.
San" Francisco Meat Market.
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25026; jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal. J33 50
@34; Cracked Corn. $34@34 50; Mixed Feed, $18 60
©19 50. -• V -
HAY-Wheat, $7@9 50; choice, $10@10 50; Wheat
and Oat, $6 60@9; Oat, $6@8 50; Barley and Oat,
$6@8; Alfalfa. $8 50@$10 50; Clover. $5 50@7; Vol
unteer, $4 50@5 60. _ j .
STRAW— 25@42*4c per bale. - -.
9@llc: Nevada. lo©12c. Fall— San Joaqula, 6*4
@S*4c; San Joaauln Lambs'. 7% 29c.
HOPS— New, 12@15c per lb.
. Cach ; quotations were '.a» follows: Flour.'
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 67*4@68%o; 1 No. .2
red. 70%c; No. 2 oats. 34*4@35*4c; No. 2 white.
37@37%c ; No. 3 white, 36<@37c; No. 2 • rye, ( 65c ;
fair to choice malting- barley, 55S>60*4c; -No. -1
flax^eed, $1 38 : No. • 1 ¦ ' ¦ Northwestern, $1 40 ;
prime timothy seed/ $5 40: mess pork, per.bbl,
$14 £5@14 60; . lard, ; uer 100 lbs. $9 27*4@9 30;
short ribs sides (loose). $8 35ii?8 50; dry' salted
shoulders (boxed), 7*4ij?7*ic;' short ; clear . sides
Cloudy weather prevails over Washington
and Northern Oregon and fair over the re
maining portion of the Pacific Slope. Light
sprinkles of rain, are reported from Eastern
Washington and a thunderstorm has occurred
at Spokane.
The pressure has risen over Washington and
Montana, and fallen decidedly over Nevada and
Utah. .
The temperature has fallen over Washington
Oregon and Idaho and remained nearly station
ary In other districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours.' ending midnight. September 6. 1901:
Northern California— Fair Friday, except
cloudy and foggy, along the coast; fresh west
Southern California— Fair Friday, except
cloudy or foggy along the coast; light west
Nevada— Cloudy Friday; cooler; fresh north
erly wind,
gas Francisco end vicinity— Generally cloudy
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Temperature at 7 a. m., S3,
Articles— ... Open.' High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— '
September T8% 69*4 68% 69%
December .71% 71% 71*4 71%
May 75 75*4 74% 76%
Corn No. 2— "
September ......... 64*4 65% ' 54% 65%
December ..'. r.6*4 HS 56*4 •' 67%
May t8% CO ;'. 58% 69%
Oats No. 2— ;.
September ......... 33 33% 33' 33%
December ....-34% 35% 34% 35%
Mny .......:... 37*4 ' 3794 37*4 37%
Mess Pork, per bbl— . -.
September ...14 40 14 47*4 14 40 ¦'.'¦: U 47*4
October ............14 52*4 14 62*4 14 62% 14 62*4
January ...15 60\ 15 67*4 15 60 15 67*».
Lard, per 100 lbs— '-. '¦¦.¦¦ -.
September ......... 9 12*4 9 30 9 12*4,9 30
October. 9 12*4- 9 30 9 12*4 < 9 30
January •'• .8 95 9 05 8 95 9 05
Shcrt Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 8 40 8 45 8 40 8 45
October ............. 8 47*4 8 55 . S 47*4 8 55 ¦
January' 8 02*4 8 07*4' 8 02*4 8 07*4
¦"^ 1 fill if ll f
'. ¦ • '. 6
Astoria 30.10 64 54 N\V Pt Cldy 09
Baker 29.96 56 3S N\V Cloudy 00
Carson 29.78 78 46 SW Clear 'cj
Eureka 29.92 56 46 NW Clear 00
Fresno ..29.66 94 62 NW Clear # 00
Flagstaff 29.96 74 38 S Clear 00
Pocatello, Idaho.29-.72 78 46 S Pt Cldy 01
Independence ....29.62 84 56 SE Clear 'oi
Los Angeles 29.82 72 60 W Clear 00
Phoenix 29.66 102 68 NW Clear 00
Portland 30.06 «4 48 NW Pt Cldy # 09
Red Bluff 29.68 94 64 SE Clear 00
Roseburg 30.02 66 44 NE Clear *00
Sacramento ./.... 29.66 84 58 S Clear 'oo
Salt Lake 29.70 82 56 N Clear *00
Kan Francisco ..29.82 60 50 SW Pt Cldy 00
Fan Luis Obispo.29.88 68 54 S . Clear *O)
San Diego 29. M 68 64 NW Clear "oO
Seattle 30.10 64 50 NW Cloudy T
Spokane 30.04 66 52 NE Cloudy 01
Neah Bay 30.12 58 48 E Clear 'oo
Walla Walla 29.60 64 S2 E Pt Cldy T
Wlnnemucca. 29.60 89 42 SW Clear 00
Tuma 31.62 100 66 XV Clear !oi
THE COAST RECORD.
Provisions were quiet and steady, with lard
leading in strength. , Comparatively light
stocks and an active cash demand were the
bull factors. January pork closed with a gain
of 12*4c, lard 12y4@15c higher and ribs 7*4<810c
higher. .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Disappointing cables caused heaviness In corn
at the opening, and , the prices were about
steady. ¦ There was scarcely any corn on sale
during the first hour, and those who did sell
early were eager to buy it back later. The
bull influences were fears of frost to-night In
the Northwest and very heavy shipments yeb
terday and reports*of deterioration in the crop
condition as compared with August. Decem
ber closed strong and l*4c higher at 57%c. .
Oats were quiet and steady, with only small
offerings on the market. December closed *4©
%c higher at 35%c ¦
CHICAGO, Sept. 5.— Wheat showed a strong
undertone and. finished firmer, the strength be
ing largely in sympathy with the better feel
ing in coarse grains and on bullish Argentine
news. Northwest movement showed an . In
crease, but the quality was j disappointing.
There was a disposition' of the outsiders to
buy, although- trade from that quarter was
still smaller. December opened unchanged to
a shade lower at 71*4@71%c, and after
selling down to 71**@71*4c, advanced to 71%@
71%c. closing a shade below the best figure
at 71%c. with a gain of %c.
Boston, 78-66; Cincinnati, S4-68; Jacksonville
J-6-64: Kansas City, SS-68; Philadelphia. 81-6l'
Washington. S4-68; New Tork, 82-68. . :
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern cities:
Eureka, 56; Red Bluff, 94; Sacramento, 84;
Mount Tamalpais. 73; Fresno. 94; San Luis
Obispo, 6S; Independence, 84; Los Angeles, 72;
San Diego. 68.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 51; mean, 56.
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 5—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
(120th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
NEW TORK, Sept. 5.— Demand for evaporated
apples was quiet to-day and the tone was quite
firm at fully maintained prices. State common
to good. 5<g8c; prime. 8*4@8%c; choice. 9c
fancy, 9*4c.
California dried fruits were quiet and steady
at old prices.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS- Royal, 8*4@13c;' Moorpark, S@12c
PEACHES— Peeled. ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@9*4c'
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW TORK, Sept. 5.— FLOUR— Receipts,
34,500 barrels; exports, 12,300 barrels; sales,
13,600 packages. Market was firmer and a trifle
more active."
WHEAT— Receipts, 78,850 bushels; exports,
1S1.S73 bushels; sales, 3,270,000 bushels futures;
80,000 bushels spot. Spot firm; No. 2 red, 77%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 75%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 77%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 83%c f.*o. b. afloat. Options
opened steady and were advanced later on a
strong rise in cocn, firm Continental | markets,
Wall-street buying and local covering, In face
of heavy deliveries on September contracts.
Closed firm at %@%c net advance. Sales In
cluded No. red May at 79 13-16@80*4c, closed
S0*4c: September. 74 13-16@75*4c, closed 75*4c;
October closed 75%c; December, 76 ll-16@77%o,
closed 77%c.
HOPS— Quiet. %
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
SUGAR— Raw, dull and easy; fair refining,
3 5-16c; centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses su
gar, 3 l-16c. Refined, steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. quiet; No. 7 invoice,
5 9-16c. Mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@ll*jc. Futures
closed net unchanged to 5 points lower. Total
sales, 35,500 bags, including: September, 1 4.70c-
October. 4.75c; December, 5c; January, 6.05c;
February. 5.15c; March, 5.25c; April. 5.30@s!35c:
May, 5.40c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6585 packages. Steady:
dairy, 14@19c; creamery, 16@20c; June packed
factory. 14*4.@15*A.c. • •
EGGS— Receipts, 11.269 packages. State and
Pennsylvania, 18@20c; Western, candled, 17®
18c; Western, uncandled, 14@l7c.
"Prunes are in very small demand on spot.
An occasional car of old prunes, sizes 40-50s,
."fl-60s and 60-70s. is selling at a 3*4c basis on
the coast. Almost no disposition is shown to
buy new prunes at a 8*4c basis, the lowest price
heard of yesterday for Santa Claras. New
peaches are held around 6*4<56%c, f. o. b. coast,
for choice, but buyers here~are not interested.
Apricots are neglected also."
"The spot market for Calllorr.ia dried fruits
is dull and devoid of feature. What trade
there is is altogether for Immediate require
ments. Raisins are the firmest article on the
list and local supplies of loose and seeded con
tinue scarce. Stocks here, however, will prob
ably be increased soon by arrivals from the
coast, as it is reported shipments of goods re
cently bought there are now being made. No
sales of new crop raisins are heard of. Bids
<Jf 4*jc, ;@5*2C for new 2-crown, 3-crown and
4-crown loose Muscatels, wired to the coast
Thursday, had not been confirmed up to a late
hour yesterday.
'¦The situation in evaporated apples has
changed. Not only has the effort of a group
of large local speculators to force prices of
future apples above last week's high level in
order to squeeze the short interests failed, but
the market has actually gone back and is not
oversteady at the decline. New prime State
apples for October-November delivery have
been offered freely within the past forty-eight
hours at 9%c. and it is understood there were
offerings yesterday at 9*4c, without sales, so
izx as can be learned. Spot prime Is lower
also, it being possible to buy car lots at 8*4c.
The fact that prices have reached a level at
which consumption was bound to be seriously
interfered with, also that there are still lib
eral supplies of old apples on the market, with
prospects that high prices would lead many to
make evaporated apples who otherwise would
not do so, were instrumental factors in caus
ing the market to drop. Spot waste shows
s-.me activity. Sale of a car of strictly choice
is reported at $2 15. A bid of $1 90 for prime
stock was declined. Chops are firm but quiet-
Mail reports from New Tork say:
Dried Fruit in Nezv York.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 5.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance, $179,422,124; gold, $110,041,411.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK, Sept. 6.— Money on call, firm,
at 3*4@4*4 per cent; last loan, 4 per cent.
Prime mercantile pap^r. 4*4@5 per cent. Ster
ling exchange, weak, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 85*4.@4 85% for demand and
$4 83*t. for sixty days; posted rates, $4 84*4 and
$4 87. Commercial bills. $4 82%@4 83*4. Bar sil
ver, 5S*4c. Mexican- dollars, 45*4c. Govern
ment bonds, steady; State bonds, firm; railroad
bonds, irregular.
Nezv York Money Market.
LONDON, Sept. 5.— Anaconda, 9%; Atchison,
81%; do preferred, 100%; Canadian Pacific,
117%; Denver and Rio Grande, 51%; do pre
ferred, S9%; Northern Pacific preferred, 101*4;
Union Pacific, 104*4; do preferred, > 91*4; South
ern Pacific. 61%. Bar silver, quiet, 2Sd. Money,
1V4@1V4 per cent. •
American stocks opened above parity, but
business was narrow. There was some hesl
tatisn before New York prices were received
and then the market ¦ hardened, closing at the
top. The favorites were Canadian stocks. Erie
and Chicago, Great Western, the latter on large
arbitrage buying.
Silver is dull on New Tork sales.
CLOSING. »
The ctock market to-day, while Idle, was
nevertheless more cheerful. The advice, of the
Kaiser to the Sultan to come to an under
standing with France caused a cessation of
selling from Paris.
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
"We might have had a September boom had
it not been for the adverse effect of the strike
and the ccrn damage. These destroyed all
bullish outside sentiment and left the market
entirely dependent upon inside support, which
it has had in unmistakable fashion. There is
some talk that the big men intend to put the
market higher. With stocks 60 closely' held
in their control it would be foolish to deny
their ability to do so. But natural condi
tions are hardly in favor of higher prices at
this time. The money market is likely to be
a serious obstacle to any bull campaign. The
lesprve went down last Saturday to $18,000,000.
compared with $23.OC0,OO0 a year ago. and is
likely to be entirely exhausted before the re
turn movement begins in November. Western
banks have considerable deposits in the reserve
centers, which they will Boon draw upon for
crop purposes. This week's statement, will
probably show a further decline In reserves.
Bankers peem perfectly confident of their abil
ity to take care of ordinary crop and business
requirements, but any active speculation in
Ftocks would rapidly produce a Etringency
that would automatically Impede a bull mar
ket. All discussion of gold Imports and bond
purchases just now is problematical. . These
resources might be available and they might
not. High prices would use up the available
supply of funds more rapidly than low prices.
Taking all the facts into consideration natural
conditions are not just now in favor of higher
prices. Forced manipulation may raise the
market to a higher level, but under such con
ditions operations should be conducted with
unusual care and we should advise selling on
the rallies."
'•General business continues in good condi
tion and merchants generally anticipate a sea
eon equaling last year In volume. It Is no
ticeable, however, that very few expect to ex
ceed last year, and there Is a wholesome feel
ing of conservatism in mercantile circles. Kail
road prosperity seems to go on without Inter
ruption. Gross earnings show steady gains.
In spite of the large increases of the three
and four previous years. This is chiefly the
result of better rates and shows the value of
harmony to owners of railroad securities. As
a matter of fact many of the roads are carry
ing a smaller tonnage than last year, but they
are earning a fair profit as a result of rea
sonable and stable rates.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says
Current Condition in Wall Street.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 22,300 73U 77V4 77%
Atchison pfd 2,200 98^4 97% 97%
Baltimore & Ohio 2,000 104?i 103% 104
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 300 94H 91 93*4
Canadian Pacific 4.800 115*4 114% 114%
Canada Southern 69
Chesapeake & Ohio 4,100 47% 47 47
Chic & Alton 600 40^4 40 39^
Chic & Alton pfd 500 79>4 79 78
Chic Ind & Louis 4,500 40%" 3914 40*4
Chic Ind & Louis pfd... 100 734 73*4 73'
Chic & Eastern Illinois. 600 129% 129 '128%
Chic & Great Western.. 20,600 25% 244 24H
Chic & Great W A pfd „ 86
Chic & Great W B pfd.. 200 50*4 B0V4 50
Chic & North western.. j, 195
Chic Rock Is & Pac 3,200 147 145 144*4
Chic Term & Trans' 700 23*4 22 22*4
Chic Term & Trans pfd. 2,000 43*4 42% 42
C C C & St Louis 3.500 93*4 91 93*i
Colo Southern 1,000 15*4- 15*4- 15*4
Colo Southern 1st pfd... 600 56% 56*4 56%
Colo Southern 2d pfd.... 1,100 26% 26*4 26
Del & Hudson 200 169 168 167*4
Del Lack & West 200 227 225 223
Denver & Rio Grande... 6,100 50% 49 49
Denver & R Grande pfd. 8,700 97*4 96*4 96*4
Erie 70.800 44% 43% 43;i
Erie 1st pfd • 8,600 72*4 71% 71%
Erie 2d pfd 6,200 59% 58 58*4
Great Northern pfd 5,000 186 185 185
Hocoking Valley .... 400 53*4 53*4 53*4
Hocking Valley pfd ¦ ,... 75*4
Illinois Central 1,300 147 146% 146
Iowa Central 38
Iowa Central pfd 75
Lake Erie & Western 64
Lake E & W pfd 127
Louisville & Nashville.. 3.100 105% 104% 104% |
Manhattan L „.. 2,700 119*4 118V* 118
Metropolitan St Ry 1,600 168*4 166% 166%
Mexican Central 1,900 26*4 25% 26
Mexican National 17,000 14% 13*4 13*4
Minneapolis & St Louis. 1,400 108 1C8 107*4
Missouri Pacific 24.000 107 104*4-105*4
Mo Kan & Tex 5.000 30% 30 SOU
Mo Kan & Tex pfd •. 3,600 57% 57 57*4
New Jersey Central 500 165 165 164
New York Central 600 155>4 154*4 154'v
I Norfolk & Western 1,900 57% 56*4 56
Norfolk & Western pfd. 200 89% ' 89% 89
Northern Pacific pfd 600 98 97% 97*4
Ontario & Western 8,500 36% 36' 36*t
Pennsylvania 8,600 147*4 145% 145%
g ead ! n S - •;•••• 11.000 45*4 44% 44*i
Reading 1st pfd 2.000 77% 77*4 77*4
Reading 2d pfd 4,000 56*4 55 65*4
St L & San Fran........ 800 471,4 47 ar
St L & San Fran 1st pfd 82
St L & San Fran 2d pfd. 1.200 71 1 70" 70
St L Southwestern 600 32 . 32 31
St L Southwestern pfd.. 300 62% 62H 62Vi
It^uipfd::::::::::::::: 1 !: 6 ! 0 167 ™* «j*
Southern Pacific 12.C00 59% 58% 58%
Southern Railway 7,200 33% 33 3314
Southern Railway pfd... 900 88*4 S8 88»i
?ore a do1t p L a T c wesi:::::!:!?? 45 * "* ||
Toledo St L & West pfd "¦ "" 35
Unfcn Pacific K 3,900 101% 99% . 997i
Union Pacific pfd 400 89% 89*4 89
\\abash 600 23% 23 22%
WabaFh Dfd 3,400 41% 40% 40%
Wheeling & Lake Erie.. 500 19 19 i«2
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd „ . 3m!
Wisconsin Central 600 23% *»3 22%
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 300 45*4 ¦ 45?4 44
P C. C C !& i St* L. ....... ' 71
Exriret-s Companies—
Adams .,.. jgQ
American "" joq
. ™ ? i $ $
Miscellaneous— -
Ainalgamated Copper.... 9,900 119 117% 117%
Am Car & Foundry 1,100 31 30*i 30*t
Am Car & Foundry pfd. 500 S7% 87 87
Am Linseed Oil 300 27 26% 27 "
Am Linseed Oil pfd L000 64*4 62*4 63
Am Smelting & Rcf.... 7,400 61 50*4 50*i
Am Smelt & Ref pfd.... 200 100*4 100 100'?
American Tobacco MO 13S*4 : 13S 137»i-
Anaccnda Mining Co 2,200 47 46*4 46*4
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 2.400 75 . 71*i 7J»^-
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 3,500 101 102 ]02' •
Consolidated Gaa 1,400 226 224*4 225
Contlnpr.tal Tobacco ' .... 6g$:
Cont Tobacco pfd 300 117*4 117*4 118
General Electric , 265
Glucose Susar 1,700 82 68*4 68 .
Hocking Coal .... ..„ 19
International Paper ...... ;•„* 24*»
Intel-national Paper pfd ..... 79*.:
International Power ... 900 97% 97 ? 97*?
Laclede Gas 90
National Biscuit 100 44*4 44*4 44*i
National Lead 20*4
National Salt .-¦- 100 42'4" 42*4 42»i
National Salt pfd .... . 75
North American ; 200 100 100 99*4
Pacific Coast .... - 66
Pacific Mall 5.300 44 42 42%
People's Gas 200 112*4 112*4 112%
Pressed Steel Car 42
Pressed Steel 'Car pfd ' .... . 52
Pullman Palace Car.... 100 209 209 ' 208
Republic Steel 1.100 19*6 18% 18%
Republic Steel pfd 200 73*4 73 73
Sutrar B.800 136% 135*4 135*4
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 6,400 6S% 66*4 66%.
Union Bag & Paper Co.: .... .... .. lew
Union Bag & P Co pfd.. ..... ..... 74
United States Leather.. 400 13% J3% 1384
V- ?.Ji*^ th « r ""•-'••• 800 83% S3*^ S3
United States Rubber... /.... . ; • 1914
U S Rubber pfd........... B8
United States Steel 33.500 43% 45I4 451'
United States Steel pfd. 2L400 . 95% J>5 IV
Western Union 300 93*4 93% 93*4
. Shares 'sold '..... .."..".496,900 ¦
' ' CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding' 2s ' Ft W & DC lsts.. 104
¦ reg ; 107*4 Hocking Val 4*4s. .106*4
do coup ......:.. -.107% 1. & Nash unl 4s..l0l£
do 3s res 108% Mex Cent 4a ...... 85
do coup ios?i do 1st lnc ....... 344
do new, 4s reg. ..137 Ulnn & St L 4s... 105
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— The operations of pro
fessional traders, to which business on the
stock exchange is now almost wholly confined,
do not make more than a superficial impres
sion jupon the market. The object of the trad
ers Is achieved if prices are moved, whether
In one direction or another. When the pro
fessionals perceive that in. selling stocks they
are getting into sparse company they turn
with the utmost cheerfulness to the buying
side, as they did yesterday and for a time this
morning, and when the buying demand shows
diminishing power and there seems danger of
becoming loaded up with long stuff, they begin
to pell with equal alacrity, as they did this af
ternoon. The news from day to day may con
tinue much the same without affecting the
periodicity of the narrow ¦ fluctuations in such
a market. As a background to the market lie
the strong general conditions of business, the
prospect that the interruption to the prosper
ous conduct of the steel industry will not be
much longer continued and the determination
with which controlling interests in the great
properties cling to their .holdings. It is the
obvious policy of large capital at this time to
discourage active speculation, pending the
clearing of the autumn money requirements,
and at the same time offer effective support
for prices of securities when threatened. . The
principal development to-day was . the renewal
of the interior demand for currency. There
was deposited $700,000 at the sub-treasury for
transfer to Chicago and $20,000 for transfer to
New Orleans. Yesterday's sub-treasury ope
rations included a small balance to the banks
on account of payments for gold denosited at
Pacific Coast points, and there were further
payments for the same account to-day, but it
is obvious that the current Government sur
plus will render nugatory these relieving in
fluences. The weekly statements of both I the
Bank of England and the Bank of France
show losses in gold reserves. To-day's early
show of strength was confined to the coalers,
Vanderbllts, grangers and Pacifies among the
railroads, and sugar and a few minor special
ties among the industrials. Brooklyn Transit
was weak throughout on the poor showing of
July net earnings. The market closed weak
at declines running up two points.
Railroad bonds were Irregular In tone and
dull. Total sales, par value. $1,545,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on the
last call.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Imports of staple groceries at this port dur
cg the first 6even months of the year were
u follows, compared •with the eame time In
1900: Of Sugar. 7,761.750 lbs, valued at {205,560.
agalnEt 133.fl74.C00 lbs at $6,253,700; of Coffee.
33,330,400 lbe at *4,2O5,SOO, against 20,929.800 lbs
at $2,223,570; of Rice, 26,011.700 lbs. valued at
$407,325, against 28,655.000 lbs at $582,900; of Tea.
5,199.200 lbs at $711,560. against 4,619,450 lbs at
J624.S30.
Imports of Groceries.
or foggy In the morning and evening Friday;
clear during the day; fresh southwest' wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official, Temporarily In Charge.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Oats and Corn firmer in the West/ /
Hay steady under light receipts. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans rule weak, owing to the impending new crop.'
Potatoes weakening under a decreased demand for shipment.
Onions in demand for Australia.
Butter -weak and dragging. Cheese and Eggs' firmer.
Fresh and Dried Fruits show little change.
Provisions quoted as before.
Xo change in Meat quotations.
Light trading on the local Stock Exchanges.
*° C ?UP 137 M K & T 4s....... 98V4
do old 4s reg.. ..112 do 2ds ..'.... 83%
do COU P 113 N T Cent lsts 10594
do Ss reg 107-fc do gen 3%s......lO9i£
a?°m COUP 107 * N J Cent ««» BS..130
h 2? sen 4s... 104 North Pac 4s 105-
T . d .°. *JLi n «?, 37% do 3s 72
5 £, Ohl ° * S ----W&*. Norf & W con 4s. .102%
°° 3 % s 05Vz Reading gen 4s ... 96
do conv 4s ...... lO6»i BtL&IM con Ss.116
Can South 2ds ....107 fit L & S F 4s 95
Cent of Georgia 6s.lO7fe k Louis SW lsts.. 97%
do 1st inc..:..... 8Ui do 2ds 77
S *. & A O t hl ° l^ 8 --105% B A & Ar Pass 4s.. 86%
£ L & ~ Alton 3%s..- 84 South Pac 4s 92>/l
9- S i 3L "J? w - 4s - 97 % » ;outh R y 5s i"
°M & St P g 4S..110U Jex & Pac lsts.... 119
n £ ? F-r, coa 7s " 136 ?° l St L & W 4s. 84
£ R I & Pac 4s...lO6U Union Pac 4s .....105?;
C C C & St L g 4s. 104 do conv 4s 107%
° i f T^ 4 1 95% VVabash lsta 119*
f°lo & South 4s... 88% do 2ds t 110&
£ , & RO <¦ M2fc do deb B.. 64%
Erie prior lien 4s.. 98% West Shore 4s ....113Vi
do gen 4s 89 W & Lake Erie 4s. 92
NEW YORK MINING J STOCKS.
A ?. ams Con •••••••• 20|Little Chief ....... 12'
Alice 40 Ontario. 03
greece ,...i 40 Ophlr 78
Brunswick Con ... 08 Phoenix OS
Comstock Tunnel.. ' 06 Potoei ............ ' 03-
Con Cal & Va. 175 Savage ....-' 01
Dead wood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada..... 10
Horn Silver l 75 Small Hopes 30
t ro " SUver 58 Standard 3 25
Leadvllle Con ,06
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End ......... 95
Call loan 4@5 VVestingh Elec ... 73H
JTime loans ;.4%@6 Bonds-
Stocks—.. , ¦ Atchison 4s .......102%
(Uchtson 77>£ N EG & Coke 5s. 565*
do prefd .." 9V/j Mining shares-
Am Sugar 135 Adventure 304
ft.m Telephone ....165 tiingham Min Co.. 41
Boston & Albany.. 258 Amalg Copper 117*1
Pominlon Coal .... 42 Calumet & HeclaV.730
do prefd 115 (Centennial 30U
U S Steel 45 Franklin 20
do prefd 95 Humboldt .50
Fitchburg prefd ..145 Parrot 5214
Ed Elec 111 250 Quincy 176
Mexican Cent 25% tfanta Fe Copper. . 7
N E G & Coke.... 7 Tamarack 357
Old Colony 208 Utah Mining 30
Old Dominion 33V£ Winona 3%
Union Pacific 99% '.Wolverines 68
Union Land 3 > ',
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, FRIDAY, .SEPTEMBER 6, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
(boxed). $809 10; whisky, basis of high wines.'
»1 80; clover.- contract grade. 98 75. * - ¦. ' ¦• -,
> Articles— . t : Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .;..........,.'. 40,000 - • -' 26,000
Wheat, bushels ....392,000 131,000:
Corn,: bushels ......... ....;. .400,000 241,000
Oats, bushels 330.000 : 35,000
Rye, bushels .'...'.. 8,200 - 1.000
Barley, bushels .........-..;.; 14.000 •
On the Produce Exchange to-day tho butter
market was firmer; creameries, 14@20c; dairies.
13@17c. Cheese. 9%@10%c. Eggs, firmer; fresh,
14V4@15c. . .-
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
, LONDON. Sept. 5.— Consols. 98 13-16; sliver.
27<J; French . rentes, 102f. 5c; cargoes on passage,
buyers : indifferent .operators; cargoes No. 1
standard California,. 29s;. cargoes Walla "Walla,
28s 10%d; -English country markets, quiet. .
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 5.— Wheat, quiet; No. J
standard California, 5s ll^d@6s; wheat in Paris,
quiet; flour in Paris, quiet: French country
markets, quiet: weather in England, wanner.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 25-32d.
8
BAY AND RIVER STEAMEBS.
STuTirNA^
Steamers GEN. FRISBIS or MONTICELLO I
•:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 d. m. eiceot Sus.
day. Sunday. »:4S a. a.. 8:30 i.^T'leivSi
V.UeJo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. C p. 15.. i«ept
Bundaj. Sunday, 7 a. m.. A:l5 pTm. fS« SJ
cents. Telephone Main 1503. Landing and of-
fice, pier t, Mljslon-»t. dock. HATCH BROS.
COMPABMIE 6ENEBALB TRHTSATLA5TIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of £*&&rG*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42 £54*Pfesl
Nurth River, foot of Morton street; »La Savoie
September 12: •L'Aquitaine, September »• La
Bretagne, September 26; La Champagne, Octo-
ber 3.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class- to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents
•Twin Screw Express Steamers. .
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPOitfij
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sallins from How-
ard 3, Pier 10, 12 at.
GUATEMALA. .Sept. S1TUCAPEL... SeDt 23
COLOMBIA.... Sept. wlAREQUIPAV.V.'.Oct U
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 31S California street
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. G C S. "Sent,
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.:
Wednesday. September It 10 a. m
S. S. VENTURA (via Honolulu), for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia.
Thursday. September 12. 10 a. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu only...
Saturday, September 21, at 2p" m
I D. SPRECXELS k BIOS. CO., Bsnerai Ugants, 327 Rartst !t
Ra'l Passsngw 018a, 643 Martat St, Pier la. 1. ta£ st
oceanicfr.5.io. gsssas
PANAMA R. R. S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT,
Cabin. $103: Steerage. J40 : Meals Free.
S. S. Leelanaw sails Tuesday , Sept. 10
S. S. Argyll sails * , . Oct.
S. 6. Leelanaw sails . Oct.
From Howard-street Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Asent.
Saturday, November 15, 1301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. F,or
freight and passage apply at company's of3c»,
421. Market street, corner First.
"W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. va..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27. 1301
SS. AMERICA MARU
...*. Wednesday. October 23. 1901
SS. HONGKONG . MARU
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
Kensington — Sept. l'|3outhwark Oct. 9
?Zeeland Sept. 25 «VaderIand Oct. IS
Frlesland Oct. 2lKenslngton ., Oct. 23
•Step at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From Xew York "Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St. Paul Sept. rlPhiladelDhia ....Oct. 2
Haverford Sept. 21 St. Paul Oct. 9
St. Louis Sept. 2i. I St. Iouls Oct. IS
AMERICAN LINE.
HZW YOBS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PA2I3.
o. r. Si n. aa.
"COLUMBIA RIVER ROUTE-" . _
Portland to all points East and in the North-
west.
"Chicago-Portland Special. 'J
Superior Service— Quick Time.
. THE SHORT LINE TO
Walla Walla and Spokane, and the Baker City,
Lewiston. Coeur d'Alene and Boise City
Gold Mining Districts.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
«. Steamers leave Broadway
B^ 1 Wharf. San Francisco:
Wjfc- For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
MH$8Bttt Sept. 4, 8. 13, 13. 23, 25, Oct.
KyarSSaik 3. Change to company 9
taKSlvl steamers at Seattle.
tpPiftflS \Al For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
I EftjwCSiVlSl c -) Port Townsend, Seattle.
f^^ElSMSisS Tacorna. Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.)— 11 a. m..
4. 8. 13. 18, 23. 28. Oct. 3.
Change at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. B,y. ;
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— l:S0 p. m. Sept.
4. 9. 14. 19. 24. 29. Oct. 4.
For San Diego stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California, Wednesdays, 9
a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayticos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pe-
dro and "Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer Co-
rona. Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonlta. Tues-
days. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company
folders.
The company reserves th© right to Changs
steamers. Bailing days and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
SATURDAY, Sept. 7. at 11 o'clock. 12 Roomt,
well-furnished House. Bedding, Sheets, etc..
Kitchen Furniture, first-class Stove, Glassware.
Crockery.* etc. . A great chance for furniture
dealers. 639 Mission st.. bet. New Mongomery
and Third. McBRIDK & CO.. Auctioneers.
Office 1015 Market St., opp. Fifth st.
AT 'AUCTION,
AUCTION SALES
OCEAN "TRAVEL.Given Fight on a- Foul.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 5.— The fight be
tween Solly Smith and' ; Kid McFadden,
which was '.slated -to .take"place "before
the ' newly • organized . California Club of
this city to-night, was an unsatisfactory
contest, in' : which,/ McFadden- was- given
the decision in the ¦ seventh round : on a
foul. •¦ • • :¦ -.-. ,-.-. .
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.— The following
Calif ornlans are ' In New . York : . From
San Francisco— Mrs. Ashburner at the
Murray Hill; Mrs. W. S. Decoursey.MIss
M.'E. Macauley, C. B. Parcells and wife
at the Maxlborough; J. T. ; Grayson and
wife and J.*" Middleton at the Ashland;
W.- E. Hess at the Continental ; A. Kyan
zle at the Grand Union; J. Madison at
the Broadway Central; Mrs. Leonhardt
and. O. J. Mayer at the Herald Square;
A.' Johnson, Mrs. Johnson and B. Nelson
at; the Union Square; L.'P. Jones and
wife, and Miss A. ,K. Jones at the Dele
van ; R." B. Moore at the Hoffman ; A.
Roullier at. the Manhattan. ¦• ' .
•From Los ¦. Angeles— C.. Leonhardt at
the/ Imperial; 1 , R; 'G. " Rendall ; at the
Broadway Central ; - E. A. , Talbot - at the
Sturtevant; J. . H. , Walker and wife at
the Gilsey. . '
¦ From San : Jose— J. H. Faunlnin.at the
Imperial. ¦• • ¦. ' V . -. ¦ .
From Santa Barbara— W. S. Edwards
at the Cosmopolitan. '¦*
The Supervisors' Street Committee re
ported yesterday In favor of granting per r
mission to the Harbor Commission to ex
tend a series of nine tracks of, its belt
railroad from seawall lot No. 14 over
and across Broadway, between Davfs
and Drumm, to seawall lot No. 15. The
committee decided not to enforce the re
quirement of automatic gates . at the
crossings as the commission has a watch
man on duty who uses the flag signal. The
commission agreed to maintain as many
electric lights along the tracks as asked
by Gas Inspector Tupper.
¦ The committee made a personal lnvesti
tion In the afternoon of the route on
Indiana street for which the Santa Fe
Company has petitioned for a franchise
Permission was granted to the same com
pany .to pave certain portions of Spear
street. • • :-.-
Will Extend Belt Railway.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
hold Its regular monthly boxing exhibition
this evening in its club rooms at 317 Sixth
street. The following well-known ama
teurs will take part: Mike Maher vs.
George Doherty, 105 pounds, four rounds;
Tommy West vs. Willie Borne. 110 pounds,
four rounds: Jack McDonald vs. Joe
Bradshaw, 115 pounds, four rounds; Al
Duffy vs. Bob Thompson. 120 pounds, four
rounds; Ernest Wilson vs. Paul Martin,
125 pounds, four rounds: Fred Landers vs.
George Eralatz. 128 pound3, four rounds;
Pete McGee va. Charles Peterson. 1&>
pounds, four rounds; "Cyclone" Kelly vs.
Jim Daly, 148 pounds, four rounds.
Amateurs Will Spar.
NEW YORK, Sept. B.— A special to the
World from Boston says. that Thomas W.
Farnsworth, as chairman of. fifty Ameri
can citizens, to-day sent to. the .New -York
Yacht Club a letter protesting against the
right of that organization .to exclude the
Independence 'from entering the trial
races, and threatening, In the event of
the Shamrock II "lifting" the cup, to ask
an injunction from the United States
Court to prevent the club from turnlnc
over the cup to Sir Thomas Lipton.
Will Stand by the Independence.
The strong odor of burning feathers at
tracted the attention of Officers Edna and
McGowan as they were walking up Mis
sion street last night, and: upon investi
gating they found that it was caused by
a burning feather pillow shoved under one
of the piles of lumber in .the yard of
Blyth & Trott, on Mission street,- near
Steuart. The officers lore down the pile
and put out the blaze and then summoned
a chemical engine by telephone to pre
vent the fire from breaking out -again.
They reported the matter to police head
quarters, and Officer Barnes was detailed
to watch the yard. Shortly after 11 o'clock
Barnes saw a man sneaking Into the yard
and followed him. He saw the stranger
strike two matches and then arrested
him. ' The prisoner could give no . reason
for bis presence in the yard or reason
for striking^ the matches, and was taken
to the Hall of Justice, where he will be
held until an Investigation can be made
He -gave his name as Qeoige "Williams
and refused to answer any of the ques
tions 8 sked him by the police. The of
ficers think he Is the man who started
the fire in the same yard Wednesday
night.
Suspected Incendiary Captured.
There was a "hot time" in King & Pur
cell's resort on Pacific street, • near
Kearny, last night. Shortly after 8 o'clock
a colored' ex-soldier named John Crosby
entered the place and after . ordering a
round of drinks refused to pay for them.
After being ejected he picked up a cobble
stone and hurled it through the window.
Purcell, also colored, chased him with a
club, but was unable to overtake' him.
A short time afterward Crosby, who is
rated In colored circles as a dangerous
fellow when under the influence of liquor,
returned to the place, and drawing a re
volver fired six snots at Purcell, who was
behind the bar. Purcell returned the fire,
sending five bullets after Crosby, who
took to his heels after emptying his re
volver. One of the bullets struck Crosby
in the finger of the left hand, making a
superficial wound.
Purcell was not Injured. Police Officer
Scott arrested Crosby and. charged him
with an assault to commit murder.
change Shots in a Pacific
Street Saloon.
John Crosby and Lon Purcell Ex-
COLORED MEN ENGAGE
IN REVOLVER BATTLE
The board also determined to appoint
agents to carry, on the work of the so
ciety In all towns and cities In the State
where there is'not already a local organ
ization. In accordance with this latter
plan, Mrs. Eliza Swift was appointed to
look after the work in Oakland and Sher
iff U. S. Gregory In Amador County.
This home will not Interfere, however,
with orphan aaylums and other charita
ble Institutions, as its use in all cases will
be only temporary." *
The board of directors of the California
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children met yesterday and discussed
methods for increasing the scope of the
charity.
It was decided that as soon as possible
a home should be established where chil
dren in care of the society might be tem
porarily placed. Similar organizations In
other States possess such institutions and
one Is badly needed in this city, so that
lost children and those who .have been
taken from vicious parents may be lodged
In some other place than the Jail, pending
the settlement of their respective cases.
PLANS TEMPORARY HOME
FOB ITS LITTLE WARDS
Fire Started by a Tailor.
CHICAGO. Sept. 5.— The fire Tchlch
threatened Tuesday night to destroy the
building. In which the Orpheum Theater
Is located was started by Anton J. Kal
kus proprietor of a tailor shop In the
building. Kalkus has made a confession
that he set the building on fire to defraud
an insurance company out of Insurance
which he carried.
According to the officers to whom the
confession was made Kalkus hoped to
take advantage of a legal fight over pos
session of the theater to ward off sus
picion from himself.
STUDENTS WILL NOT
BE PUNISHED FURTHER
Rowland and McLean, Who Stole a
Mirror Sign in Oakland, Will
Bemain in College.
BERKELEY, Sept. S 5.— B. T. McLean
and T. Rowland, the two university stu
dents who were caught In .. tlTe college
prank of stealing a mirror sign in Oak
land, will have no further punishment
meted out to them than the publicity
their act ha* already brought. The stu
dents' affairs committee, composed of
faculty men, held a final meeting with
them to-day and decided to end the inves
tigation without further action. The
members of the committee had looked
carefully into the circumstances sur
rounding the case, had talked freely with
the. boys and were . familiar with .their
past records. Taking everything Into con
sideration, they decided that McLean and
Rowland had been punished as much as
their prank would admit- or justice de
mands. ' ¦- .
McLean and Rowland are attending
their studies at college regularly. The
student body, although condemning 1 their
act, has been strongly in favor of letting
them remain In college and has. worked
up considerable sentiment In their favor.
A man may forget . to ¦ wind his watch,'
but the flight of time goes on just the
same. • ' -
OAKLAND, Sept. 5.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Louis McMurty
aged 30, and Mary Elizabeth Regan, aged
26, both of Oakland ; George Joseph Mar
shall, aged 26, pud Izaura d'Anuncia, aged
20, both of Elmhurst; Harris Francis Har
rington; aged 22, Oakland, and Marie Clif
ford Gorsuch, aged -30. Berkeley.
Marriage Licenses Issued.
No New Survey of Boundary.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash., Sept. 5.— The
report sent out from Vancouver, B. C,
quoting Engineer McArthur of the Do
minion Boundary Commission as saying
that "the resurvey of the International
boundary line between . this State and
British Columbia might result In placing
the greater portion of the city of Blaine,
Wash., in Canadian territory," is said to
be pure romancing. The present boundary
commissions of the two governments are
charged simply with the work of relo
cating the lines in places where the lapse
of years has demarked it, and they are
vested with no rower whatever to make a
new survey.
Bush Tire Threatens Nanaimo.
NANAIMO, B. C, Sept 5.— The entire
fire department and a crowd of volun
teers this afternoon fought a bush fire
which threatened to wipe out the city.
Some houses caught fire and from many
others the contents were removed to
places of safety. To-night the danger is
over and the occupants are going back
to their homes.
Gifts for the Museum.
PACIFIC GROVE. Sept. 5.— The Pacific
Grove Museum Association has received
two valuable gifts, one of $500 from Mrs.
Harriett Crocker-Alexander, and the oth
er of $100 from Miss Jane Crocker and
Templeton Crocker, children of the late
Colonel Fred Crocker. Mrs. Alexander's
gift is to be used for. building an aquar
ium In the museum at this place, work
upon which will be commenced at an
early day. . i -. 'V'
Two Men Shot During a Quarrel.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Sept. 5.— In an alter
cation which occurred to-day Just across
the Oklahoma line in the Creek Nation
two prominent cattlemen, George McEl
roy and Klmle Nelson, were both shot
through the body. The quarrel originated
over cattle matters. The condition of both
men is said to be serious.
Drunken Spree Ends in Suicide.
VALL.EJO. Sept. 5.— Fred Keefer, broth
er of the proprietor of the Julian Hotel
at Woodland, who came here recently,
committed suicide to-day by jumping off
the end of Georgia-street pier. He had
been on a protracted spree. He was about
24 years old. * . % . . . . .. ..
Want to Fight in San. Jose.
. SAN- JOSE. Sept. 5. — Sam Loverich of
the Bay City Athletic Club was here to
day arranging for a series of prizefighte.
The county license here for sparring ex
hibitions Is $300 a year in advance.
erich deposited half that sum with the
Collector and promised to pay the re
mainder prior to the first fight. His en
terprise Is vigorously opposed by the local
pres6 and the people generally, and if he
persists the constitutionality of the law
authorizing club contests will be tested.
Dtunont and His New Machine.
PARIS, Sept. 5.— M. Santos-Dumont, the
Brazilian aeronaut, this afternoon made
an experimental captive ascent in his
airship, ascending 150 meters. On de
scending he expressed himself as entirely
Fattened with the Improved machine and
announced that to-morrow afternoon he
would make a formal attempt to win the
prize of 100,000 francs offered by 11.
Deutch for a dirigible balloon.
Death, of an Old Resident
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 5.— Concepcion
Villa, for seventy-eight years a resident
of this ¦ city, which was her birthplace,
and who was a member of one of the old
est Mexican families, was burled from the
Catholic church to-day. She was bap
tized In the old mission founded by the
Franciscan Fathers.
Will Condemn the Land.
SAX RAFAEL, Sept- S.— District Attor-
ney Mclsa&c to-day brought suit against
Jacob Bloom of CHema to condemn cer
tain land needed by the county In build-
Ing a road from Bollnas to Olema. Some
months ago the county offered Bloom
$1000 for the right of way. This he re
fused to accept. • ¦-•; ¦ _
The final heat showed four entries and
they rowed the prettiest race that has
been peen on the bay for a long time.
Max Winter winning by three feet In five
eighths of a mile in 3:392-5 from Frank
Collier, whose time was given at 3:39 4-5.
Walter Price was the winner of the 25-yard
race in 19 2-5 seconds, and Walter Burnoll
took the 50-yard swim in 51 3-5 seconds.
The 150-yard handicap was won by the
scratch man Lewellyn Allen in 2 minutes
and 32 seconds.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 5.— The regular club
regatta of the San Diego Rowing and
Swimming CHyj was held this afternoon
•with about hair th3 active members of the
club on the water. There were no shell
races, but so many entries in the work
boat events that they had to be worked
eft in heats.
Aquatics at San Diego.
Resources— Bank premises, $914,541 27; other
real estate, $2,972,271 22; stocks and bonds,
$3,939,300 59; loans on real estate. $26,182,207 SI;
loans on stocks, bonds and warrants, $1,249,-'
714 69; loans on other securities, $534, 480 76;
loans on personal security, including over
drafts, $1,475,017 76; money on hand, $1,023,
421 49; due from banks and bankers, $4,032,-
SS4 78; other assets, $300,098 39; total resources,
$48,623,538 76.
Liabilities— Capital paid in coin, $3,797,155; re
serve fund and profit and loss, $1,692,591 66; due
depositors, $42,819,621-67; due banks and bank
ers, $29,638 85; other liabilities, $284,931 58; total
liabilities; $48,623,938 76. .
Reports as to the financial condition of
the forty-seven interior, savings banks of
California, received by the Board of Bank
Commissioners yesterday, show an in
crease in assets of $5,580,455 45, and an in
crease in deposits of $5,134,086 73 since Aug
ust, 1900. • -. .
The resources and liabilities of these
banks are as follows:
Than at the Same Time Last
Year.
Assets and Deposits Much Greater
1NTEBI0B BANKS SHOW
HTCBEASED PROSPERITY
Bev. Thomas J. Shahan, D.D., Will
Soon Be Heard in Metropoli
tan Hall.
The Catholic University extension
course to be given in this city by the Rev.
Thomas J. Shahan, D. D., w.ill be opened
on Wednesday evening, the "llth inst., in
Metropolitan Hall by Archbishop Rlordan,
who will deliver the introductory address.
The course comprises five lectures on
the great movements of the middle ages.
Dr. Shahan is reputed to be* -the most
scholarly historian of the Catholic church
in America.' After a course in the univer
sities of Germany and France he was ap
pointed to' the chair of history in the
Catholic University at. Washington, D. C
•The subjects and dates of the lectures
are:
September 11— "The Catholic Church, the
Mother of Modern Civilization." -
September 13— "The Cathedral Builders of
Europe."
September 16— "The Crusades; How the Mid
dle Ages Expanded." ¦ . ¦
September 19 — "Medieval Ireland, the Teacher
and Civillzer of Northern Europe,"
September 23— "The Renaissance, Christian
and Pagan."
Season tickets, which admit to the en
tire course, are $1 each. They may be
had at room £7, Flood building, where
seata may also be reserved.
WILL DELTVEB LECTTJBES
ON THE MIDDLE AGES
Three chambermaids and the clerk had
entered her room at one time or another
during her absence. These employes
were all closely questioned as soon as the
alleged robbery was reported. The room
was also carefully searched. Neither
trace of the rings, however, nor a clew
to the supposed thief could be found,
and yesterday Mrs. McNamee reported
her loss to Captain Seymour, who has
detailed detectives 1 , on the case.
Mrs. McNamee would not say last even-
Ing at what figure she estimated her loss.
"Andrew Carnegie would never miss the
amount," she said, "but it might seem
a good deal to some people."
Mrs. McNamee, the wife of a commer
cial traveler, reported to the police yes
terday that two diamond rings had been
stolen from her room at the Marguerite
Hotel, 417 Larkln street. The alleged
theft is said to have taken place some
time during Wednesday. Mrs. McNamee
left her room early in the day and did
not return' until evening. She left the
rings In a jewel box. along with $9 50. in
cash. When she returned, she claims,
the money was intact, but the rings were
missing. • - v
Mrs. McNamee Claims That Her
Jewel Box Was Looted During 1
Her Absence.
Those who banqueted the captain were
Charles L. Patton, Daniel O'Callaghan,
W. G. Leale, Captain Alexander Wood
side Dr. W. H. Sieberst. Judge Henry
A. Melvln, Fred A. Gardner. E. Myron
Wolf, Judge Frank H. Kerrigan and
Charles A. Sonntag. The Belgian King
will sail in a week for St. Vincents for
orders.
Captain Thoma3 L. "Weiss, the well
known skipper of the British steamer
Belgian King, was tendered a banquet
Wednesday evening at a downtown res
taurant by a number of his friends. The
captain, who has spent three years on
the Pacific, plying between San Diego,
San Francisco and the Orient with his
vessel, is about to sail for Europe. His
appreciative friends not only banqueted
him, but presented him 'with a. beautiful
matchbox, faced with quartz, of which
the captain is very proud. In the toasts
at the banquet board tribute was paid
to the captain for his many noble deeds,
for it must not be forgotten that he has
saved 978 lives during his career as a
mariner, and wears a handsome medal,
the gift of the King of Sweden, who gra
ciously recognized his deeds of bravery.
About to Sail for
Europe.
Savior of Nearly a Thousand Lives Is
ALLEGED DIAMOND THEFT
IN LABKIN-STBEET HOTEL
CAPTAIN OF BELGIAN
KING BANQUETED
The object of the expedition was to as
certain whether sea lions lived on the
food fish of the coast waters or if they
subsisted wholly on vegetable matter.
The investigators refuse to give out any
Information at present, but they expect
soon to make a full report of their work.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 5.—
Cloudsley Rutter, A.M.; Robert E. Snod
grass, A.B., and Edwin C. Starks, three
graduates of the Stanford zoology de
partment, returned to the university to
day from a three months' trip spent in
investigating the habits of the sea lion.
The three men were under the direction
of the United States Fish Commission,
and have been engaged in their work on
the coast between Santa Cruz and San
Francisco and on the islands south of
Point Concepcion.
Studying Habits of Sea Lions.
Professor Cooper spent one year in
study at the University of Leipzig, six
months at the University of Bonn and
six months in Paris. He has held the
position of professor of 'modern languages
at Marietta College, Ohio, for the past
few years. »
Martin is a graduate of Buchtel College
In Ohio and also of Chicago University.
Much of his time of late years has been
spent in German universities and at the
classical school in Rome. He was a
member of an Iowa, regiment of volun
teers and fought in the Philippines during
the Spanish war. . ;
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 5.—
Two new additions to Stanford's faculty
were announced at the president's office
to-day. Professor William A. Cooper has
been named assistant professor of Ger
man to succeed Professor Kip, who re
signed to accept a position in Vanderbilt
University. Ernest Martin is to be an
instructor in the Latin department.
New Instructors for Stanford.
The Queensland Government has dis
patched the steamer Parua with a small
force to the scene of the recent supposed
massacre in New Quinea.
A pitched battle was fought with the
natives, who sustained a loss of eighty
killed and seventeen captured. The cap
tured have been .taken to Herbertshohe,
German New Guinea.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 5.— Advices
were received by the steamer Miowera
concerning the operations of the German
warship Cormorant, which was recently
dispatched to the Matthias Islands to
punish the natives for. the massacre of
Herr Mencker and three or four others
forming a party of German scientists.
NATIVES ABE KILLED
BATTLING WITH GEBMANS
Moore filed his claim years ago, before
Skaguay was thought of. It was alleged
that he was an English subject, and that
his property rights interfered with the
growth of Skaguay. Along these lines a
spirited fight has been made in the Gen
eral Land Office against the Moore claim,
but a decision was recently rendered in
his favor.
To-day's steamers bring news that ne
gotiations looking toward a settlement
had been In progress for several weeks
between attorneys representing the Moore
Townsite Company and Attorneys J. G.
Price and J. W. Winn, representing the
business men of Skaguay. Last Saturday
a general agreement had been reached
and only the details remained to be set
tled. Briefly stated, the citizens of Skag
uay agree to purchase the property from
the Moore Townsite Company in the event
that it secures a patent from the United
States Government. The conditions laid
down are that the people of Skaguay shall
withdraw their case from the Land Office
and contract to pay the Moore Company
25 per cent of the assessment value of the
property in 1900, having an option of one
year in which to purchase or reject the
property, the Moores being secured in the
meantime by a nominal interest on the
value of the property.
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 5.— The long
standing contest between the Skaguay
citizens and Bernard Moore over the pos
session and title of a large part of the
Skaguay water front embraced in Moore's
land claim has been brought to an end
during the past week/
Closed.
Land Claimed by Moore Are
Negotiations for Purchase of the
SKAGUAY'S LAND FIGHT
IS ' PEACEFULLY SETTLED
Theodore O'Neill, a painter employed by
the Board of Public Works in painting
the inside of the rotunda of the Hall of
Records in the old City Hall, met with a
sudden and a violent death yesterday aft
ernoon at 2:20 o'clock. The unfortunate
man fell from an upper staging near the
top of the rotunda, a distance of fifty feet,
to the temporary .flooring laid across the
first story and was Instantly killed.
r,&} .t, ne time tne accident took place
O Neill was about to leave the upper stag
ing for the lower floor, access to which
was afforded by a central mast to which
was affixed a ladder of cleats. Three fel
low workmen standing on the lower floor
saw ONelll's.body falling, striking two
cross = timbers in Its descent. Nothing
about the staging appeared to have given
way, and the presumption is that as h°
was about to step on the ladder of cleats
~ m r lssed nls footing or lost his balance.
O Neill was a married man, about 35
years old, and resided with his family on
Sixteenth street, near Castro. One of the
workmen went to O'Neill's house shortly
rtU! 1 ";,, *!\? t a( ? cl(le nt and informed Mrs.
O Neill that her husband had been hurt
and was at the Central Emergency Hos
pital. He accompanied her thither and
when they arrived at the door the Morgue
wagon was there and her husband's body
was being placed in it. The poor woman
went Into hysterics and the hospital phy
sicians were obliged to take care of her
She is a sister of Dr. Bailey of St. Mary's
Hospital. Coroner Leland will hold an in
quest.
Loses His Balance and Is Instantly
Killed in the Hall of
Becords.
PAINTEB O'NEXLX j FALLS
FROM A LOFTY STAGING
Ross is one of the smoothest pickpock
ets In the country, according to Captain
Seymour. He was arrested in this city
during the Midwinter Fair while engaged
In picking pockets, but on account of the
failure of his victims to identify him was
given his freedom. Victorsen, it is claim
ed, is well known to the police of New
York and other Eastern cities.
From a description given of the man
who had sold the watch the detectives
yesterday arrested Ross and charged him
with robbing the saloon-keeper. Shortly
afterward Victorsen was apprehended and
booked on the same charge.
The particular crime for which they
were arrested was the robbery of Emile
Alber, a saloon-keeper at 253 Third street.
On the nigrht of June 10 Alber was walk
ing along Third street, near Howard, on
his way home, when he was suddenly at
tacked by Ross and Victorsen, who, after
beatmg him into insensibility, robbed him
of $145 and a gold watch and chain. De
tectives Harper and Hammill subsequent
ly recovered the stolen timepiece from a
south of Market street pawnshop, where
it had been disposed of by Ross.
Locked up in the City Prison are two
noted Eastern crooks who, the police
think, are responsible for several daring
crimes committed In this city during the
last few months. Their names are F. "W.
Ross, alias "Slick," alias "Long-Fingered
Frank," and Fred Victorsen.
rested for Assaulting Emile
Alber.
F. "W.Boss and Fred Victorsen. Ar-
SALOON MAN BOBBED
BY EASTEBN CEOOKS
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 5.—
The registration of students closed at 9
o'clock to-night. The total registration is
1026. against 1101 this time last year; 2C6
freshmen registered to-day, against 325
last year. The most interesting feature
was the number of students registered
Irom outside the State. A Stanford
amendment to the constitution provided
that bona-fide residents should be exempt
from registration fees. One-third of the
students last year registered from States
other than California. Ninety out of 7G0
old students on the books to date
registered as non-residents. Many per
plexing questions of residence came up
and were referred to the law department.
Eighty-eight of the 266 freshmen regis
tered as non-residents.
STUDENTS BEGISTEBED
FOB STANFORD'S COTJBSE
"Three deaths have occurred since last
report: L. E. Cabaniss, chief yeoman,
U. S. N., dysentery at Agrana, June 27;
Pio Barrio, Filipino prisoner, of heart
dise&se at the Presidio of Asam, July 7,
and Frank Reynolds, first class fireman,
of grippe. The Presidio of Asam con
tinues to seem a healthv location- Ev
erything: possible is being done to add
to the resources for rational enjoyment.
An. Inexpensive but . atttractive .band
stand has been erected in the center of
the plaza at Agana, so that the excel
lent little band can perform during the
rains, which is a great pleasure. A nt
tle and airy post reading-room is ap
proaching completion. With the liberal
supply of books received from, different
sources this will undoubtedly prove a
valuable adjunct."
"The health cf the command is fair,
the percentage of sick being at present
10. Several of the civilian employes are
also off duty. The trouble is mostly
climatic — grippe and dysentery. Some of
the patients will probably be sent to the
Yokohama hospital.
"WASHINGTON, Sept. 5.— The Acting
Secretary of the Navy to-day made pub
lic the following extract of the report by
Commander Seaton H. Schroeder, Naval
Governor of Guam, dated Jully 23:
Principally From Climatic
Diseases.
Those Ailing in the Command Suffer
GTJR SOLDIERS AT GUAM
ENJOYING FAIB HEALTH
Boston 6 9 3
St. Louis 6 : " ..11 ", 3
Batteries — C. Nichols and Klttredge; Magee,
Powell and A. Nichols. . • . . '.
BROOKLYN, Sept. 5.— Brooklyn beat Cincin
nati to-day in a hotly played ten-inning game.
Hits were numerous, but runs were scarce,
owing to sensational fielding;, five fast double
plays keeping the score down. Attendance 1500.
Score:
Clubs— . • R. H.' E.
Cincinnati 2 12 4
Brooklyn 3 10 2
Batteries— Stlmmel and Peitz; Kltson and
Farrell. Umpire— Nash.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 5. — Philadelphia
easily won to-day's game. Eason was wild at
times and his support wae not of the best.
Attendance 2600. Score:
Clubs— I , R. H. E.
Chicago .". * 12 2
Philadelphia 7 8 1
Batteries— Eason and Kllng; Duggleby and
McFarland. Umpire— Brown.
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— The Plttsburgs won a
double-header from the New Yorka to-day with
out an apparent effort. Doheny pitched for the
visitors in the first contest and held his erst
while clubmates safe for the six Innings he was
in the box. Hesterfer, a young pitcher from
Orange, was given a trial in the second game.
Attendance 2200. Score:
First game—. . • .. .R. ,,,H. E.
Pittsburgh »« .'-...15 "•¦ 21i .VJ
New York 1 ?'. r'3
Batteries— Doheny, Phillips and Teager; Maul,
Smith and Warner. Umpire— Dwyer. . ¦' .
Second game- " ' . R. . H. ,'E.
New York 7V 10 .7
Plttsburg , 15, IB.. 2
Batteries — Hesterfer and Smith; Poole and
O'Connor. Umpire— Dwyer.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND, Sept. -5.— With two men out
and two men on bases in the ninth Inning Cap
lain Robinson, of the Baltimores hit to left for
two bases, sending Kelster home, saving Balti
more from a shut-out. Attendance 1261. Score:
Clubs— • - R. H. E.
Cleveland 3 10 0
Baltimore 1- 8. . 0
Batteries — Dowllng and Wood; McGlnnlty and
Robinson. . .
MILWAUKEE, Sept. 5.— Garvln pitched a
good game to-day up to the eighth mning,
when three singles, a base on balls and a home
run netted four runs, enough to win the game.
Young was steady throughout. Attendance 900.
Score: , .
Clubs— \ R. H. E.
Milwaukee 2 6 1
Boston.. ? 12 2
Batteries— Garvln and Maloney; Young and
Criser. *~
CHICAGO, Sept. 5. — Washington and Chicago
split even on their double-header to-day, the
locals winning the first game in the eighth Inn
ing on two singles and an error. Two gifts, an
error and a single started Washington off with
three runs in the second same, three passes, a
single and two doubles giving the Chicago five
in their half. Patten then steadied and pitched
a good game. Attendance 4000. Scores:
First game—' . R. H. t E.
Chicago 4*: 8 v .2
Washington 3 7 2
Batteries— Patterson, Callahan and Sullivan;
Carrick and Clarke.
Second game — R. H. • ¦ E.
Chicago • 7 8- 3
Washington 9 8 0
Batteries— Platt, Callahan and Sullivan; Pat
ten and Clarke. ."[¦.'." - :
DETROIT, Sept. 5.— Philadelphia ' took the
first game of .this afternoon's double-header by
reason of Detroit's errors, but hammered Owen
all over the field in the second game and won
easily. Holmes' muff in • the first game let In
two runs and Miller's wild throw was re
sponsible for three more. Besides fielding mis
erably In the second game the locals could not
hit Wiltse. Attendance 8500. '¦; Scores: , •
First game— R. H. " E.
Philadelphia '..:.;...ll 15 .1
Detrqlt .....I.. 9 10 3
¦ Batteries— Bernard, Powers and Steelman;
Miller and McAllister. ,
Second game— ' ' R. H. . ¦ E.
Philadelphia :9 13' 2
Detroit ." • 2. 4 ,6
Batteries— Wiltse and ¦ Steelman ; Owen and
Critchlow. . . ' ' ¦ , ¦ .
BOSTON, Sept. 6.— Boston won by a sensa
tional rally in the ninth, inning. St. Louis as
sumed a strong lead by bunching eight" hits in
the first three innings. Attendance 1200.' Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Fittsburg Again Captures a Double
Header From the New York
Team.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE.
BROOKLYN WINS HOT •
. > TEN-INNING CONTEST
Judge Henry A. Melvln and wife. Senator O.
R. Lukens. W. H. J. Matthews and wife. Dr.
and Mrs. H. B. Mehrmann. Miss May Jenkins,
Misses Curdts, Miss Platt, Miss Mehrmann. Dr.
Carl Curdts, Dr. J. A. Colegrove, Robert Boyer,
Misses Dietz, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Wedgewood.
Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Baumgartner, Mr. and
Mrs. A. P. Leach. Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Van
Court, Mr. and Mrs. F. B. English, . Mr. and
Mrs, M. L. Schleuter. Mr. and Mrs. George A.
Faulkner. Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Mason, Mr. and
Mrs. D. G. Frantz. Mr. and Mrs. J. Marcovlch,
Mr. and' Mrs. S. Anderson, Mr. and Mrs. E. J.
Smith. Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Munro, Mr. and
Mrs. M. C. Capwell. Mr. and Mrs. .Joseph Ghi
rardelli, Mr. and Mrs. George W. Reed. Dr.
and Mrs. O. D. Hamlin. Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Knch. Mrs. E. S. Denlson, Miss Denison. Miss
Flossie Sloper, A. V. Lonfr, James R. Tallman,
H. R. Browne. Louis S. Stone. William V.
Zlngg, Theodore Gier. D. J. Hallahan. W. E.
Dean, O. F. "Whitney, E. L. Johnston, H. L.
Anderson, J. C. Munro, C. W. Nelson, V. H.
Remmer, F. C. Poock, J. W. Matthews and
wife.
A partial list of those who are going
from Oakland is as follows:
The Oakland Tourists.
Those desiring to go to San Jose will
leave on Monday, and a series of excur
sions have been arranged for those who
desire to remain at Capitola. On Mon
day evening there will be a ball.
On Sunday there will be a concert on
the beach during bathing hours, an ex
cursion to Santa Cruz and trap shooting
for the gun club members. Oakland
Lodge has a gun club and the members
will take their guns for a little practice.
On Sunday afternoon there will be a con
cert at the hotel and an excursion to the
big trees. Sunday evening there will be
a sacred concert.
On Saturday evening at the Capitola
Hotel there will be a grand ball to open
the reunion.
The Oakland Elks will leave on the 2:15
narrow gauge train on Saturday after
noon and will transfer at Santa Clara to
the broad gauge to be taken to Capitola.
Baggage must be checked the day before,
September .6, or the railroad will not
guarantee its delivery because of the large
amount of baggage that will have to be
transferred to Capitola and San Jose at
that time.
Grand Ball and Concert.
It has been arranged so that this will
not clash with the celebration of the Na
tive Sons at San Jose. Elks who are
members of the Native Sons' order can go
to Capitola and take part in all of the ex
ercises there and return to San Jose in
time for the Admission day celebration.
The general arrangements were placed
in the hands of a committee from Oak
land Lodge, with W. H. J. Matthews as
chairman and Dr, J. A. Colegrove as sec
retary. This committee went about things
in a business way. Capitola was selected,
and it was decided that the celebration
should extend from September 7 to the
9th. Inclusive. Arrangements were, made
with the Southern Pacific Company for a
round trip rate of $2 75 from San Fran
cisco or Oakland, the tickets to be good
from September 6 until the 12th, Inclusive,
thus giving plenty of time to have a stop
over and rest at the seashore. R. M.
Briare of the Capitola Hotel, who is an
enthusiastic Elk, has offered the hospital
ities of Capitola to his fellow members of
the order. ¦ ' ¦>
OAKLAND, Sept. 6.— The last call for
dinner, Capitola and the Elks Reunion
has been issued by the committee
from Oakland Lodge, where the re
union scheme originated. It is proposed
to make this reunion an annual State
affair and to have it at some prominent
resort where the members of the order
can gather for a few days df enjoyment.
The lodges in San Francisco, Sacramento,
Stockton. Santa Rcsa and San Jose have
already agreed to take part tn the affair
thla year, while the Oakland contingent
18 going down in force.
The next contest for the Palma trophy
will take place In Canada, In accordance
with the rules governing the disposition
of the prize. The special challenge match
at 800, StOO and 1000 yards between teams
of eight men each for the Ulster Rifle
Association of Belfast, Ireland, and the
New Jersey Rifle Association will be the
attraction to-morrow. - . ; .
The conditions of the contest called ,for
the use of the national arm of the coun
try represented by the teams, so that it
was practically a duel between. the Amer
ican Krag-Jorgensen and the English
Lee-Enfleld weapons. The Canadians
used orthoscoplc sights, while. the Amer
icans had service sights. The shooting
done by at least one of ,the American
team was a revelation to their opponents.
Many of the Ulster, men who saw It had
nothing but the highest praise for the
exhibition given by Lieutenant Lelzar of
Washington, D. C, who made the high
est collective and best individual score,
203.
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— The Canadian
and American riflemen had a long session
to-day on th*e State rifle ranges at Sea
girt, N. J., in the contest for the Ameri
can Centennial Palma trophy, emblematic
of the world's championship, and the
Canadians won by a margin of 28 points.
The total score was 1522 to 1494.
; WASHINGTON, Seflt. 5.-Had the Brit
ish been astride as serviceable horses as
those which the Boers rode, there would
have been a different tale to tell in South
Africa, according to a report made by
Mr. Curren, the Under Secretary of State
for Agriculture in British South Africa,
which Consul General Stowe has trans
mitted to the State Department. The
South African horse, it is stated, can live
on much less food than his English broth
er; he does not topple into holes, he Is
sounder, more sensible, will stand with
out being hitched and is altogether better
fitted fcr the purposes of warfare.
?V £ °P Hartzell. missionary Bishop of
the Me:hod:st Episcopal church in Af
rica, said the war was merely an incident
of Anglo-Saxon civilization's expansion.
Dr. Leonard of New York thanked God
for what Great Britain was doing in South
Africa, and expressed the hope that the
war would soon end with the union jack
floating.
An armored train was derailed at
¦b, U ! 1| t 8 . Station on Monday last, three
British being killed and five wounded.
x»^ N 1? OXl 5 -— The Ecumenical
Methodist Conference to-day unanimous
ly declined to hear the secretary read the
message of the Archbishop of Canterbury,
J&Jv^J 1 * expressed a hope that some
fhl £%< Methodists would be united with
P l s , C0pallans - and °ne of similar
import, the message of the Bishop of Lon
.22'.. } e GT° UI »<1 that they had been
addressed to the editor of a religious
newspaper and not to the conference.
Discussing the present position of Meth
odism, the Rev. T. E. Duckies of.King
wilUamstown. Cape Colony, said the war
would purify the administration of the
natives.
CAPE TOWN, Sept. 5.— Sheepner's com
mando, consisting of 300 men and 600
horses, appears to have reached the limit
or its southern raid and to have turned
to the northward, having gained some re
cruits. One hundred mounted men have
been following, endeavoring to unite with
bheepner's commando, but have been un
able to overtake it.
To-morrow there will be an Informal
reception to the Vice President, and at 11
o clock he will go to Isle la Motte for the
annual dinner of the Vermont Fish and
Game League.
At 10 o'clock the annual banquet of the
society was held at the Van Ness House.
Speeches were delivered by Vice President
Roosevelt and United States Senator
Proctor.
'/The lesson taught by the great war
could only .be imperfectly taught by 'any
lesser war. Nevertheless not a little good
has been done- by this struggle as that
which ended in procuring independence
foriCuba and to giving to the Philippines
a freedom to which they could not have
attained had we permitted them to fall
in anarchy or under tyranny. It was a
pleasant thing to see the way In which
men came forward from every walk of
life, from every section of the country, as
soon as the call to arms occurred. The
need was small and easily met, and not
one in a hundred of the ardent young.fel
lows who pressed forward to enter the
army had a • chance to see any service
whatever. But it was good to see the
spirit of '61 had not been lost."
Mayor Hawley gave a brief address of
welcome and the Vice President was then
Introduced. He spoke of the measure of
obligation of the country to the Union
soldiers of the Civil War and the lessons
that the war taught.
Touching upon the recent war with
Spain the Vice President said:
This evening Colonel' Roosevelt deliv
ered an address at the public meeting of
the • Vermont Officers' Reunion Society,
held -at the Howard Opera-house. - The
building was crowded to the doors. For
mer Governor E. J. Ormsbee, president of
the society, was in the chair.
Senator Proctor accompanied him to
this city. They were met at the railway
station by Legrand B. Cannon, whose
guests they are to-night. Troops E and
H of the Eleventh United States Cavalry,
from Fort Ethan Allen, acted as escort,
and there was some cheering as the pro
cession marched through tne streets to
Colonel Cannon's residence.
BURLINGTON, Vt., Sept. 5.— Vice Pres
ident Roosevelt arrived in this city thla
afternoon by special train from Proctor,
where he was the guest of Senator Proc
tor at luncheon, after speaking at the
State Fair at Rutland this morning.
The following named delegates to the
Grand Division, which meets In St. Louis
on October 14, were chosen: J. H. Whlted.
Sacramento, Cal.; F. L. Donohoo, San
Jose, Cal; E. T. McNeil, Ontario, Cal.;
W. C. Beck, Longfellow, Texas; W. B.
Hayes, Colmsneil, Texas; D. B. Safford.
Beeville, Texas.
Oakland Office San Francisco CalL
1113 Broadway, September 5.
Southern Pacific Division System Di
vision No. 53 of the. Order of Railway
Telegraphers has just held Its regular
election for officers for the ensuing two
years, and on October 1 the newly chosen
officials will take charge.
This division is the largest single di
vision connected with the Order of Rail
w a . 2 r , Tele 8^ a Phers, and la the most com
pletely organized in the United States. It
comprises all of the lines of the Southern
Pacific Company from San Francisco on
the west to Ogden on the east, Portland
on the north and New Orleans on the
south. On these lines nearly every train
dispatcher, telegrapher operator and sta
tion agent Is a member of the order
which is one of the nve great railroad
brotherhoods. There has never been any
friction between the order and the rail
road and It has worked in harmony and
accord with both the officials of the com
pany and the other brotherhoods.
W. E. Davidson of thla city was elected
general chairman for all of the lines with
three assistants from the Pacific sys
tem of the Southern Pacific Company, and
two assistants from the Atlantic system.
This corps of men is the governing body
of the order on the lines of the Southern
Pacific Company. When there is any dif
ference between members of the order
and the company this body adjusts It.
VV hen George Estes was removed from
the position of general chairman, W E
Davidson was appointed by Grand Presi
dent Dolphin, and at the recent election
Mr. Davidson was unanimously elected to
the position to which he had been appoint
ed. The following assistants were elected-
Pacific system— F. D. Smith. Chlno, Cal !
O. P. Bates, Orland, Cal; P. S. Thompson
Blaisdell, Ariz. Atlantic system— Leo
Levey, Eagle Lake, Tex.; J. M. Vonau,
New Orleans, La.
Pierce would not say that all negotia
tions had been broken off, and his inti
mation that the Amalgamated Association
is willing to arbitrate differences would
indicate that all efforts for peace have
not been abandoned.
The only approach to a statement of
the condition of affairs was made by
Trustee John Pierce to-day, who said it
was Impossible to accept the proposition
made by the United States Steel Cor
poration, as by doing so some of the
members of the Amalgamated Association
would suffer. "It would be unjust to our
members," said Pierce, "to accept such
terms. We have made no counter prop
osition and still Insist on the terms made
and are willing to arbitrate the difficul
ties. The committee that visited Presi
dent Schwab had no authority from the
Amalgamated Association to settle the
dispute. The members were acting on
their own responsibility. The strike is in
the same position to-day as it was before
the conference was held in New York
yesterday. The local situation is prac
tically unchanged, but it is in better
shape than it was last week. We have
made some gains and are still confident
that we will win. It will be impossible
for the combination to operate its plants
satisfactorily without the aid of Amalga
mated Association men."
It is the belief of those who are familiar
with the strike proceedings throughout
that the two gentlemen have started on
another unannounced and mysterious
visit to New York. It is believed that
the morning session of the advisory board
must have decided upon a plan by ¦which
President Shaffer could go to New York
and complete the arrangement for peace,
which it is supposed was started by the
conference yesterday between the steel
magnates and the presidents of the sev
eral trades unions. v .
The day was spent by the Amalgamated
advisory board in secret conference, be
hind doors that were guarded closer than
ever before. The newspaper deadline was
drawn most effectually. When the final
adjournment for the day came at about
6:30 p. m. those who had been inside head
quarters refused to say a word in answer
to insistent questions and volunteered no
statement. When the meeting was over
it was learned for the first time that Pres
ident Shaffer had not been with his col
leagues during the afternoon, and his
whereabouts up to 11 o'clock to-night is
unknown. Secretary ' Williams also dis
appeared shortly after the adjournment
and he, too, cannot be located.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Sept. 5.— The prevail
ing opinion in Plttsburg to-night is that
the great steel strike is practically set
tled, but absolutely nothing, positive can
be learned from either side' to the con
troversy.
The pamphlet containing the above
statement was mailed to each of the
teachers appointed, but attention was not
called to the fact that the privilege of
buying supplies at the Government com
missary had been discontinued. The
Government was compelled to cut off
these privileges both to stop frauds,
which were discovered to be due to its
operation, and also to satisfy the regular
merchants in- the islands, who were com
plaining that the furnishing of supplies
by the United States was closing one of
their main channels of revenue.
It Is also proposed to establish stores similar
to the army commissary stores for the benefit
of civilian employes. The stores will be well
stocked with provisions and other necessaries
and civilian employes probably will be able. to
purchase from . these stores at about 10 per
cent above the . cost to the Government.
Many of the Americans secure rooms with
private families and board in meases, the pro
visions being purchased from the commissary.
The food obtained from the commissary stores
Is the best and the average cost for room and
board for those who live in this manner Is
about $35 a month. /
WASHINGTON, Sept. 5.— The cabled:
report from Manila to the effect that the
newly arrived American teachers at a
mass meeting yesterday decided- to cable
to the President complaining that prom
ised commissary privileges were denied
them and that they found their expenses
double, what *they were assured they
might expect attracted much attention at
the War Department. The privilege of
purchasing commissary stores at the Gov
ernment warehouses in the Philippines
was taken away from all civilian em
ployes by an order of the Secretary of
War issued In June, and as that order
was widely published, it was presumed
that the teachers who sailed subsequent
to its issuance were aware of its exist
ence. The letter and circular Issued by
the War Department to applicants for
these positions in the Philippines contain
no direct statement upon the subject of
commissary privileges, but the promise
that they would have these privileges
might have been assumed from state
ments contained in a "manual of informa
tion in relation to the Philippine civil serv
ice," which was published in Manila early
in the present year and to which atten
tion was Invited by Colonel Edwards,
chief of the division of insular affairs, in
his circular to applicants. This circular,
in setting forth the conditions in the isl
ands for Americans seeking positions
there, contains the following regarding
the purchase of commissary supplies:
Assistant General Chairman
and Delegates Also
Not Permitted to Purchase
Commissary Supplies as
Promised.
An Armored Train Derailed
at Taungs • Station and
Three British Slain.
Planning to Hold an Annual
Reunion at Some of
the Resorts.
Employers and Employes
Decline to Discuss the
Situation.
Complaint of Pedogogues
Sent Out to See Phil
ippines.
Many Believe That Fight
of the Steel Workers
Is Nearly Won.
Defeat of the Yankee Rifle
rderr'at Seagirt by a
Slender Margin.
Emblem of American
Championship Goes
to Visitors.
W. E. Davidson Unani
mously Chosen Gen- 9
eral Chairman.
Expect to Have a Jolly
Time at Camp
Capitola.
Sheepner's Commando
Heaches the Limit
of Its Raid.!
Tells of Good Accomplished
by the Short Struggle
With Spain.
Vice President Delivers
a Public Address at
V Burlington.
BOERS GAINING
SOME RECRUITS
LESSONS TAUGHT
BY RECENT WAR
STRIKE OUTLOOK
GROWS BRIGHTER
TEACHERS MEET
HE AV Y EXPENSE
CANADIANS WIN
PALMA TROPHY
ELKS TO MEET
DOWN BY THE SEA
TELEGRAPHERS
NAME OFFICERS
?HE SAN FRAS CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1901.
¦-¦ Hope is- the mainspring that makes a
man's wheel.so round
Judge La wler yesterday refused the ap
plication of "Sir" Harry Cooper to have
set- aside the Grand. Jury indictment- for
perjury as well as the information charg
ing him with perjury., ¦.'
Cooper Application Denied.
' The members of the Gentlemen's So
dality of St. Ignatius Church will on Sun
day morning assemble in their chapel on
Hayes street and from there, headed by.
their officers and the banners of the so
ciety march to St. Ignatius Church,
where they will receive at the 7:30 mass
the holy communion In a body. After
the mass there will be a recital of the Te
Deum. followed by a reception to new
members. The Sodality Dramatic Club,
under Professor George Hermance, is re
hearsing "The Bells," which will be pre
sented during October in the large hall
of St. Ignatius College on Van Naaa a-v»
nue ¦iVi'? • •'~~^_^- --" -
Will Receive Communion in a Body.
McFarland 2fo Match for' Michael.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass., Sept. - 5.— Owing
to the serious injury to Johnny Nelson; it
was necessary to substitute Floyd A. Me-
Farland at the Coliseum here | to-night in
a', twenty-mile paced race | with Jimmy
Michael. The Pacific Coast flier fought
hard, but was no • match for the > midget,
who passed him five times during the race
and won out. by flve'and one-third laps in
33:183-5. ¦ • : ¦ '.'-"••¦ ;-:.-, ¦ ¦
Drops Dead While Pitching.'
ARKANSAS CITY, ,Kans., Sept. 5.-La
kln Herron, pitcher of the baseball club
of this city, fell dead this afternoon while
playing In a game against the Joplin
(Mo.) nine. The seventh Inning was fin
ished and as Herron stepped . out of ; the
box he fell lifeless. ' Overexertion brought
on heart, failure. ;, ¦ . ._..-,
9
Sketches made especially for
The Call by Martinez, the
artist whose -work received
distinct mention : and' prize in
the Paris Salon— see next Sun-
day's Call.THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1901
10
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE — Con.
ATTENTION^ BUYERS! r ~~
OUR MOTTO IS SQUARE DEALING.
TOU MAY BUT ANY ROOMING-HOUSE
ON OUR LIST
And pay for It In monthly payments from the
• profits of the house.
MONET LOANED AT LOWEST RATES.
10 rooms; rent $20; on Sixth $175
40 rooms; on Third..... 1800
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments.... 1000
60 rooms; rent $100; clears $230 1500
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
8 rooms; on Ellis; clears $35 650
28 rooms; on Mission 200
90-room hotel and bar : 1600
45 rooms; rent $125; clears $150 2350
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market, cor. Ellis, r. 12.
•*r -- *. Phone John 531.
A— CAMERON & CO.,
£50 Market st and 8 Stockton st., »
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 323.
If vou have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
100 r.; rent »75; cor.; best-paying in clty.?7000
£5 r.; rent $280; Al loc; good house 3600
60 r.; rent $300; cor.; elegant hotel 7000
48 r.; rent $110; cor.; Oakland 2500
26 r.; rent $90; cor.; fine fur. and loc 2000
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1% p. c.
14 r.; rent $55; good trans, and loc 650
10 r.; rent $28; fine fur.; piano 650
Over COO houses listed. Call before buying.
$1100—15 ROOMS; Ellis; close in.
$5000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$660—14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $43; bargain.
$500— 6-room flat; grand furniture: rent $25.
$1100 — 17 rooms; money-maker; rent $55.
$650—8 rooms; now being furnished.
$2500—70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
We loan money on any proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market st. •
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, rms. 1 and 2.
Near the Gall building. Tel. Black 1803.
Call at my office for big free list.
I will give you a square deal and good title.
List your house with me— no charge.
Money to loan, payable monthly or yearly.
All kinds of businesses for sale. '
FISHER & CO., 935 Market, Phone Folsom 1592.
We have a number of good bargains in lodg-
ing-houses, saloons, candy and notion stores,
also restaurants and cigar stands, which we
can vouch for. Call and get our prices.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of .
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911.
No. 917 Market St. (near Fifth at.)
THE largest and beat list of lodging-houses at
our office. McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market
- at., opposite Fifth.
~~ ~ SPIRITUALISM.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues., Fri.. S p. m., 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received medals from many
countries ; taken last world's record medal
Paris- Fair. 1084 Bush st. ; tel. 2275 Larkin
FREE— Ladies who want to know whether they
possess medlumiEtic talents; if they develop
with me and cannot get full names In 90
days, no charges; 2 trial private lessons free;
afternoons. FRANKLIN, 724 Post st.
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun., Wed.
and Frl. evenings. 1035 Market st.
CHAS. BROCKWAY. 25c seance Sun., Tues.
and Thurs., 8 p. m.; every one gets a test;.
private readings dally. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
Friday. 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, ladies, 2:30 p.
m.. 10c; meetings daily. COc.
MRS. Harland's circle to-night; articles read,
10c; ladles' readings, 50c; gents', $1. 148 6th.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: slttines dally: test to all to-nleht. 10c.
™ CLAIRVOYAXTS.
MME. m" BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently,
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
leads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this grea*.
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate are., rooms 23 and
26: take elevator. ' Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail ; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past.
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
eecret; shows pitcure future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215H Sixth st.
MME. MONTAGUE.
Truthful predictions in all affairs of life;
gives names, facts, figures; gives luck; honest
predictions in love affairs; reunites separated,
not one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
A— LINCON, CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk st.; reading? by malL)
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & can]
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m
KNOW your fate. MME. RICHARDS, astrol-
oglcal palmist, reader human destiny: never
fails: 25c and 50c; by mall, 50c. 1203 Mission.
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken; 25cup. 777'^ Market st.room 18.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladles
25c, gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
Mrs.Mallory, clairvoyant card reader; when oth-
ers fail consult me; 1. 25c, g. 50c. 917 Howard.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8 p. m. 2G2 Minna, nr. 4th.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings, 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.; 50c. 329A Ellis st.
CARD reading 25c: hours from 1 to £ p. m. 835
Howard St.. nr. Fourth.
FREE test readings; ladles morning: open 10 to
6; closed Sundays. FRANKLIN, 724 Post st
MRS.MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologist. 14S
Sixth St.. room 23.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. BCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448^ Jessie gt., het. 5th and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
ad\-lce; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATIXG AND, CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eead to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-057 Tehama st. ; tel South 40.
BEATING, 3c; laying, 3c; renovating, 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co. ; phone Bcott 1310.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 1511H Market St.; phone Mint 1095.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. •
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
COXKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works"
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G H
STEVENS. Mgr.. S8-40 8th St.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS,' corns. Ingrown nails, warts; paln-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76!
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W, KELLY' J^g^e5c^No~chairge un-
len successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. ' :
S ROOMS, bath; barn. 234 A^overrneaTcort^
land; $13; Mlsslon-st. cars.
r P EyT1STS ' ' ' ¦ "¦' • ~
A— DR. t". S. HIGGINS~927^"Market streetT
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50:
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
j guaranteed. $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
KOld and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.'. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
i t3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
i flee houre. 9 a. m to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 2
; P. m. J.-W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
; EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20- years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
. gg5fcff B <l£ySS£ ; 8 -
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose' Pearl
,warranted f«r 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
£0c; plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
.AT-Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st— Work done
S on weekly, installments; lowest rates: -•¦ ¦ , .
;DR- M. A. BROWN has removed -to 54 Sixth
¦-."•¦' Bt -» g° ld crown and bridge work a specialty.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
' Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c. .
SET of "teeth, without plate. DR.- H. G
.YOUNG." 1841 Polk St. - ,
; . •BXATS ; TO LET—ConOnned.^
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay window and bath, $12.
716 Natoma St., between Eighth and Ninth.
HAYES, : 1751, near Park— Modern sunny upper
flats, '4 and 5 rooms; bath;. $13 and $18.
MCALLISTER. •¦ 1909. near Park— Sunny upper
flat, . 3 rooms; $9 50; water free. , - ' •
3-BOOM flat" corner McAllister and Polk sts.
.'. Inquire butcher shop. , '.-.;¦¦*
NATOMA,- 714— Flat of 4 rooms; sunny; largo
yard and cellar; rent 410; no \ children: ¦
O'FARRELL,- 1933— Modern flat, 6 rooms, battv
basement,, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
FLATS TO "LET FURNISHED.
CLAYTON, 764— Completely furnished sunny
upper flat of 7 rooms and bath; close to park;
rent $40. LYON & , HOAG. 114 Montgomery.
NICELY furnished upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath. 21 Belcher st., between Sanchez and
¦ Church, Thirteenth and Fourteenth. ¦ '
8-ROOM modern flat, -nicely furnished; will sell
on account of departure. * 1048 Ellis st. .
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 128-130 Hayes, nr. V. Ness-
Stylish effects; High-grade work; Lowest prices.
FOR SALE.
$17 50 — SOLID oak bedroom set: plate mirror.
$1 — Solid oak' chair; factory price.-.
$2— Enamelbeds, all sizes. Tel. 1 Folsom 1328.
Searey's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
3000 YARDS carpet - 2 silk plush sofas, mas-
sive walnut extension table. D. GRBBN-
WALT, 70S Valencia st.- r. ¦ -
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No.' 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Marked.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
. merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp. 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought. '
A. L. Storrs, 130 Golden Gate ave.; tel. Jessie
1464: highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie ,761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A; WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price ;
warranted: kept in repair. .121 Grant ave.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
A^__T^"iE^DAV"& J CO\^^honV Mate "l575
. ...... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 head waitresses, $30; 9 waitresses, first-class
city hotels, $20 and $25; 12 waitresses, com-
mercial hotels, $20 and $25; 4 chambermaids to
wait, $20. .
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook who understands English cooking, small
family, $30; cook. German family, $30; 2 sec-
ond girls, $25; German second girl, $20, light
work; housegirl, country, $25, see lady here;
upstairs girl and seamstress, $25; nursegirl,
$15; young nurse, one child. In hotel,' $10, sleep
home.
MRS. M. E.DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, Ban Mateo. no wash, $35;~~4
cooks, German style, $25, $30: two working
housekeepers, $15, $20; 2 parlor maids and
waitress, $25; 7 second girls, $20, $25; laun-
dress, see party 11 o'clock, $30; 4 restaurant
-waitresses, $7, $8 week; Infant's nurse, $25; 5
chambermaids, wait one meal, $20; 40 girls for
all kinds of general housework, city and coun-
try, $20, $25 and $30. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT. 31C Sutter st. _^
A— 2 WAITRESSES first-class hotel, short dis-
tance, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...104 Geary st.
WAITRESSES, cooks, houseglrls. second girls,
nurseglrls. $10-$35; call and investigate.
_C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
2 MORE extra waitresses, Capitola, $1 50 a day,
: free fare both ways.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
ANDRE'S Employment Office, 316 Stockton..
Maid and seamstress, $25 ;¦ French ¦ chamber-
maid and steamstress, $25; cook, country, $30;
second girls, $25 and $20; 3 German cooks, $35,
$30 and $25; 2 waitresses for hotel, $25; cook
for Oakland, $25, and a number of girls for
housework, city and country, $25 and $20.
- ; ¦ - - .
HAND SEWERS "WANTED.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.,
36% Fremont st.
Apply to Mr. Hindshaw.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work
guaranteed ; good pay.
BELASCO & HARHIS CO.,
C41 Market st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework; good
plain cook and laundress; wages $25. 24 Dor-
land St.; bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth, nr.
. Guerrero.
HAIRDRESSING, dyeing, bleaching, massage
and manicuring taught In 2 weeks for $5; em-
ployment, guaranteed. College, 143 Stockton
st., room 15. . ¦
WANTED— Young lady for glove department;
¦ must be an experienced glove fitter. Address
H. M. & CO., box 144, Call office.
"WANTED — Experienced saleslady, fancy dry
goods house; must speak Spanish. G. M. _
CO., box 145. Call office.
HAND sewers, crocheters and apprentices.
GANTNER & MATTERN, 1017 Hyde St., near
California. -
WANTED— Ladles to solicit subscriptions on a
publication; can easily make from $3 to $5 per
, day. Apply at once, 411 Emma Spreckels bldg.-
EXPERIENCED hands on ladles' silk and wool
waists: alto apprentices. S. F. Mfg. Co., 523
Market st. '
WANTED— Girl for - general housework and
cooking: wages -$20. Call at 411 Golden Gate
ave.,* before 12 noon. »
WANTED— Helpers on coats. Apply factory of
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st. - . -. .
WANTED — Talloress; also apprentice on vests.'
O. SIEGELER, 461 Jessie st.
GIRLS wanted for wrapping. Apply at 1220-
1224 Market st.' . , . .
GIRL for housework; no windows; wages $15 to
¦ $20. Call after 9, 3454 Sacramento st. '
LAUNDRESS for every Monday; references re-
quired. 1713 Broderick St.. near Bysh.
WANTED— Woman to do light housework at 923
O'Farrell st.
WANTED— A chambermaid at the Manhattan
House. 825 Battery st. ,
GIRL for second work; waiting. Call this aft-
ernoon, 1616 Vallejo st., near Van Ness ave.
DIGNIFIED business woman \ to travel for
wholesale house. Box 146. Call office.
COMPETENT woman to manage overall fac-
tory. Address box 147, Call office. :
GIRL wanted to learn corset-making. ; Apply
after 9 a. m. at 247 Geary st. ¦.'
WANTED — Elocutionist and good penman; rea-
sonable wages. PROF. GREEN, .933 Market.
WANTED— Girl for light housework; no wash-
ing. 3824 Army st. • ; \ . .. ¦„ *
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
lng. Apply at 1062 Fulton st.
WANTED-Girl for general housework, sleep
home, $15. Call Friday, 613. Octavia st. '
WANTED — Girl for general housework; wages
$15. 1216V4 Golden Gate ave. -
GIRL for housework; plain washing; wages
$15. 1920 Sutter st: ¦
GIRL" or woman for light housework and care
of 2 children.- 728 Ellis st. .¦ . f
WANTED— Nursery governeess to care • for 3
children and see that they practice their
music and study their lessons; one. knowing
French preferred. Address, stating nation-
ality, ability and references, "A," box "86,
this office.
WANTED— Student? to learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, bleaching and dyeing, in two
• weeks for $5. Boston Hair Dressing College,
E20& Tayjor et.. near Post.
OPERATORS on overalls.* . Apply HEYNE-
• MANN & CO., 9 Hill st ,. oft Valencia, be-
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
GIRL to run errands; also experienced opera-
tors on Bonaz braiding machines. 121 Post
; St., room 31. - ' • '
GERMAN or Swedish girl for cooking and
'downstairs work; small family. 1918 Jack-
son St.. call" 8 to 10. . . ¦,.-''
WANTED— Experienced ' skivers on amazeen
. machine; steady work: good wages. CAHN.
NICKELSBURG & CO.. 115 Hayes st /
GIRL to assist in housework and bakery. Cor-
ner Duncan and Sanchez sts. r .¦ \
GIRL for ' cooking and housework ; references
required. . 1101 Green St.. corner Leaven worth.
GIRL for housework and cooking; small family.
Apply 231 Powell st.
COOK In private family; references; wages $25.
Apply 115 Beulah st., 'near Shrader. . , - . y; -v
CHOCOLATE dipper. . 538 Washington st.
GOOD neat girl for general housework. ' 1812
Bush st' ...'..- - •, -
FIRST-CLASS ,fln!shers on coats; good pay;
steady work.-; E41 Market St. -j ¦ •
WANTED— Woman to, do plain cooking In
'small family.. Sherman House. 28 Eighth st.
GERMAN girl - 1 for / general housework;' refer-
ences ; $20. ¦-. 343 Hayes st. ¦ . - : • ¦¦-..¦ .
GIRL for plain cooking and housework; wages
$20. • 992 Valencia -st.; bakery. : . : ,'f ,~:
MEDICAL. '
DR. O'DONNELL— All who ar» sick and is '
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief In
all cases taken: the most obstinate cases
have been relieved by my treatment* ; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaint*
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. O.
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market St.. opp. 5th.
RETURNED v _"•••-
• MRS DA VIES has returned troni her vaca-
tion and will b*» pleased to see her frlen_ at
the old number. 1228 Market st.
HINDOOHEKB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home: bom*
In confinement. ll^Market st.. 3. F.
DR. TALCOTT _ CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 997
Market St.. corner Sixth: entira upper floor.
MRS. D. AI_EN. HIS Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist; a prlv. home before and dur-
ing confinement: best medical cara; low fees
MRS. D. KOHL, ladfe-s' specialist, removed
from Market st. to 410 O'FarreU st.
MRS D WYETH'S Maternity Home removed
from Post to 410 O'Farrell St.. near Taylor.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada " one year for $1.
postage paid.
~~ MIXES ASP MIXING.
WANTED— Placer properties. Send full par-
tlculars to box 96. Call office.
MISCELLAXEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERsPengines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH — WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
kar tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new an-1
second hand; we always have a large stock of
ealcon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can «hlp everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission at., above Sixth: write for catalogue.
PATENTS, ROLLER BEARINGS.
PATENTS, ROLLER BEARINGS.
The following Patents are for sale:
United States of America No. Particular*.
490859 of 1893 Roller Bearinss
507162 of 1393 do. (End Thrust)
509048 of 1893 do. (Road Vehicles)
5*4397 of 1894 do. (based on British
No. 1S368 '93)
557042 of 1898 do. (1st Cradle)
' > ' based on British
No. 9221. '95.
583963 of 1897 Improvements In roller bearings
612472 of 1393 " do. and connected
With Roller Bear-
Ings. (Divided ant
Zig-Zag cage).
635845 of 1899 Combined Straight Bar and
Pip Bearing.
For full particulars apply to
ROLLER BEARING.
Box 686. Sells Offices. Fleet st.. London.
30-H.P. boiler and 25-H.P. engine complete.. $3CO
20-H.P. boiler and 15-H.P.engine complete.J250
10-H.P boiler and 8-H.P. engine complete.$123
6-H.P. boiler and 4-H.P. engine complete.. $90
Also pipe, flttinss, etc. H. S. WHITE. 519
Mission st. _^^^^^^^_^^^^^^^
Graphophones. Phonograph*. Gramophones, $5 to
$U0: easy terms: children's toy graphophones
$1 50: 2d-hand Phonosxaphs.Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A— BUYS, sell3 or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
$200— FURNITURE in 7-room flat; central: 4
rooms rented. Apply at once to J. T. GIB-
SON. 1204 Market st. __^
NEW or 2d-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals.
Jewelry bought, sold, exch.; 1 4-H.P. Covey:
1 2%-H.P. Hercules; gasoline eng. 910 Kearny.
1901 COLUMBIA, Rambler, Snell. Orient and
other second-hand bicycles cheap; send for
list. LEAVITT - BILL. 309 Larkto St.
FINE counter, 60 feet. In four parts; ¦ suitable
for office, store, bank or bar. L. & M.
ALEXANDER. 110 Montgomery st.
A— it 50 DERBY and Fed era hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pin*.
FINE suits. HO; dress pants. $2 73, MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
COLLEGE Kennels has thoroughbred dogs and
pups of all descriptions. 115 Haight st.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
ALLIGATOR leather lined grips. $2 5o! Mlsflt
Clothing Parlors (upstairs), 23 Stockton st.
FULL dress suits. $10. Mlsflt Clothing Parlora
(upstairs). 23 Stockton st. (Suits rented.)
CUSTOM made uncalled-for pants, $2 50. MlsSt
Clothing Parlors (upstairs), 23 Stockton st.
UNCALLED-FOR suits from leading tailors.
Mlsflt Clothing Parlors (upstairs). 23 Stockton.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry: cash or Install-
•ments. Theo. Fershtand. 12$ Kearny, r. 19.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers! bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold.
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 51S Mission.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: jeweler's steel-
! lined safe, perfect order. 21S California st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
pnsta^p rnfrt.
MISCELLAXEOUS WANTS.
WANTED- A 12-gauge take-down • "Winchester
rhotgun; state price. Address box B, Call
branch office, 300 Hayes st:
ALL stamped checks bought: documentary and
proprietary stamps. 1008. Call building.
"WANTED — At once, old sealskins; will pay
highest cash prices. Box 97. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel. Folsom 252_
AX^M^llATTASrL^35^6^SANY"
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums m suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
- real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 8 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages „
Undivided interest In real estate In probate ..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewher*
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bulldins—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less In large sums: loan*
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
, problems of all sorts and sizes. It your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bid/.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; flrstj
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, undivided interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercaptlle and timber
Interests; corporation loans. R. 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
', liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third at.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865. proper
. place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market; tel. Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant avs.. near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
¦ •
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner building.
$900— CERTIFICATE Realty Syndicate 10 per
cent discount. For particulars address P. O.
box 47. Berkeley. _*
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount:
lowest rates. Becker _ Co.. 28 Montgomery.
I Advances life Insurance policies; Army and
Navy officers' salaries; accounts of bank books
In liquidation bought. Apply 330 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by privat*
party; no removal; no commission: conflden-
; tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldy.. 301 Jonea.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room «3.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL^IO Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
$25,000 IN trust to loan at ( per cent: city or
J°V5. t i?' : S _L me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 397 Parrott building.
A-ON real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage;
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
T 5 E TOUSLEY Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott . building.
M t?^ E H.n° an( !. d . larIed Pe°P'e without secur-
Ity. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON > "™ a £i e £r^ wa ses: no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser. Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$300,000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room 2.
C ? B I^ P E ST and best in America-The Weekly
£ •: } P a^ es . sent to any address in .the
United States or Canada one year fox V,
i postage said,
DEJTTISTS — Continued.
DR. R. L.WALSH.815% Geary, nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 60c; plates $5 up ;phonePolkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DERMATOLOGIST^^-
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles permanently
removed by electrolysis; facial massage with
hydro-vacu. MISS MILLMAN. 930 Bush st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT SCHOOL FOR "me5?~
A practical and industrial education for men;
Y. M. C. A. building; more courses of study.
' than any other night school in the city for a
remarkably low tuition; send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner -of Mason
and Ellis sts. ; opening night, Tuesday, Sep-
tember 10; registration beginning September
1: deoartments — Art, business, civil service,
elementary, engineering, high school, lan-
guages. H. J. McCOY, general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA, educational director. , ¦ :
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; ISO life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
.''spelling, Sapnlsh, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured; cat, free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50: catalogue.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law • and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor.-.. Phelan building.
COMPETENT teacher desires pupils, adults or
children, .in primary, grammar and high
school studies; references. Box 69, Call.
SPANISH^Con versatlon, letters ; rapid method ;
classes daily; $3 per month. PROF. MAYA,
210 Eddy St.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL- MILLER College— Shorthand. . typ-
Ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mining.mech, sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR. the expert. 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
. Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Business. College, -1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep., $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mando.in. guitar
lessons, 50c: piano for. practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar: juvenile class, 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st., S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMEJfT~OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of atTTcInds:
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 185.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
SAM KEE & CO., employment office— Best help;
estbd. 1850. 62U4 California St.; tel. Red 401.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds best
help furnished. 439 Bush St.; tel.' James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush St.; teL Bush E18.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black B072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. 815 Stockton: Main 51S8..
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
AN experienced dressmaker In ladles' and
children's clothes, also renovating evening
dresses, will accept engagements in families;
$1 25 per day. 1213 Webster. ¦ •
AMERICAN woman, elderly, neat, economical
cook, fond of children, the best of references,
wants to go as housekeeper; wages $10 month.
Box 130. Call office. .
POSITION as a working •housekeeper wanted
in this city by a lady of experience; small
family preferred. Box 143, Call office.
SITUATION wanted for general housework by
good plain cook: -wages ?25. .Please call at
23 Ivy ave., off Franklin.
AN Al milliner will make up ladles', own ma-
terials or furnish material and do the work
well at reasonable prices. Box 141, Call.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
ing housekeeper; refined and trustworthy;
light work; moderate wages. Box 138, Call.
EXCELLENT laundress and housecleaner
wishes work by the day; postals answeredt-
Call two days 410 Franklin st.
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day;
washing or house cleaning. Box 150. Call.'
"WANTED — By a competent Protestant woman,
a position as housekeeper In hotel, first-class
lodging-houfra or private home; will assist
with sewing or take charge of doctor's of-
fice or gentlemen's club. Box 4374, Call.
MAN and wife wish ¦ positions on private
place; wife first-class waitress or plain
cook; man about place or first-class coach-
man. Address B. S.. 537 Ellis st. ;. best, ref-
erences. .
WANTED— By a middle-aged lady a situation
In a small private family to do light house-
work; city or short distance in country. Box
115. Call office. •
MIDDLE-AGED woman . wishes a situation
cooking or washing and ironing in a small
family. Apply 77 Natoma st.
RELIABLE girl "wishes a position^ to do gen-
eral housework and cooking. Please call
2293 Geary St.
TWO ladies wish positions as second girl and
cook. Addres 518 Powell st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 20O rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
robscrlptlons has boea established at 1098
Valencia St. ¦ __^ r.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
YOUNG porter, experienced, good references,
wishes light .work, not too much; some regu-
larity about It; reasonable salary expected;
permanent position. Box 4816, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gardener wishes a situation on
gentleman's place; can take care of horse
and buggy and milk a cow. Address P. S.,
. gardener. 315V& Jessie st., city. .- ¦ ¦
SOBER business man wishes position in office
or store; can drive business 'wagon; speaks
French, German and /English. Address box
2305, Call office. Oakland,
PERFECT sweet and dry winemaker, 20 years'
experience, best references, wants situation.
Box 151. Call office.
WANTED— By first-class barkeeper, situation
In city or country. Box 148. Call office.
MAN 12 years in- national bank, would like
work that would ' require about half , time,'
such as forwarding balances, general - book-
keeping, etc; can give best of references.
Box 81, Call office. .- t .-
Al MARRIED . man wants charge orchard,
stock or private place; first-class references.
Box 6, San Mateo. - \
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk with references
wants situation. J. B., box 134, Call office.;
» •
JAPANESE faithful, boy .wants to work in store
or office; best reference. Box 119, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee, 2200 Fillmore St.;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ' 1096
Valencia st, " \ : _ . '
. - FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia itel.Capp 26S2.
____' • FIXANCIAIi.: ._^_ ' . ,',
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Ine.)-^We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks "and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg. *
~ ¦ ¦¦ " FLATS TO LET.;
EDDY. 954, north side, between Franklin and
Gough— Elegantly decorated flat, 9 rooms; all
modern Improvements.
COLE. 769-771. bet. Beulah and Frederick st».—
Fine rew sunny nets, 7 rooms and bath'
rent reasonable. , .
MODERN sunny '¦ 6-room flat. 916 Capp st .
near Twenty-fourth. .'
TO let— A flat of 6 rooms •¦ and bath at 1937
Maaon . st .
HELP' WASTED FEMALE!— Con.
YOUNG girl to learn, tailoring; good sewer;
paid while learning. 119 Fifth st., second flat.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and operators on vests.
528 Stevenson st. , - .¦ -
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and negll-
¦ gee shirts; best prices; steady work. LOW-
ENBERG & CO.. 27 Jessie St. . -
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market St. : . ¦ - ...
WANTED-Women for light work on fruit..
1731 Folsom st. ,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
• Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
"HELP WANTED- — MALE. v
A— MURRAY ALREADY........ 634-636 Clay su
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
• •-••.. ....Phone Main 5848
•• ATTENTION RAILROAD MEN
*• ATTENTION RAILROAD MEN
350 teamsters -and laborers', Ukiah Free
<5 men to cut right of way, Ukiah Free
50 laborers for section, steel, ballast and other
gangs .... .......Free
.Ship three times daily...
SANTAFE CO.'S OWN WORK.;....."
175 laborers to work on section, steel, ballast
and extra gangs at Stockton, Fresno, Bakers-
field and Merced divisions
FREE FARE ..........SHIP DAILY
........ MECHANICAL HELP
2 sheet metal workers... ...'.*. $3 day
Harness maker for a camp, $35; harness
¦ maker for a ranch, $40; rough carpenter, fac-
tory, $2 50 day; boxmaker, $2 day; shingle
packer, see boss here; 3 stonemasons, rubble
work, see boss here; slack cooper; 2 ranch
carpenters. .
MISCELLANEOUS
4 quarry men, Solano Co ....$40 and found
deck-hand dredger, $35, see boss here; 4 deck
hands, $40; hostler, stable, near city, $30; host-
.ler, city, $35; 3 buggy washers, stablemen and
hostlers; 15 laborers, mills and yards, sawmill
company, Sonoma Co., $30 and found.'
5 crosscut sawyers. $45 and found
dry goods clerk, .country store; 50-woodchop-
pers and tiemakers.."
• ! LABORERS," MINES, ETC
25 laborers, no experience required, for sur-
face work of new mine $42 and found
15 laborers for a gold mine $fin
6 muckers, quartz mine ...$75
- 10 single hand miners, north... .$55 and found
6 miners, $75; 10 drillers and . hammersmen,
$60, fare ,50c
10 laborers, quarry work $2 day
5 laborers, Santa Clara County. .$34 and found
5 laborers, brickyard, $30; 175 laborers, other
jobs
FRUIT PICKERS, FARMS, ETc!"!!"
75 farm hands, steady jobs, $25 to $40 ahd
found; 15 men and boys to pick fruit, $30 and
found; 50 hop pickers; 5 men to work on farm,
no experience required; 25 ranch teamsters; 15
milkers; 28 choremen and boys
HOTEL DEFT.— BUTCHERS
Cook for officers of mine. $50, fare paid, see
boss here; 2 waiters for a mine, $30 and
found, see boss here; night cook. Trinity Co.,
$40 and found, fare paid; second cook, $1
fare, $40 and found; cook for a boat, $60; 3
ranch cooks, $30. and $25; 15 kitchen hands,
dishwashers and porters; 7 waiters; 5 cooks,
etc.; 2 butchers; extra steward, country, $2 50
day and fare. paid. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st. . .
MILKERS, $25 and $40 and found; 2 gardeners
and wives. $50; 2 farmers and wives, $45 and
$d0; farmers for Contra Costa and Santa Clara
counties. $25 and $30, and $1 day and found;
choreman for country hotel, $30 and found:
choreman for gentleman'b place, $25 and
found; pantryman and wife, $50 and found;
10 stout laborers, $75 month and board; 10
single hand miners, $2 day and board; 5 coal
miners, $2 50 day, fare "advanced, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
2 BUTLERS, . $33 and $40 - and ' found ; A. R.
Rochambeau and wife; please call; cook for
12 men, $40; second cook for men, $45; cook,
small boarding-house, $30; hotel waiter, coun-
try. $35; pantryman for club, $30; dishwasher
for country hotel. $25 and found; elevator boy
and others. J. F. CRdSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
•AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY,
59 Third St., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
- RAILROAD LABORERS
/ UKIAH! UKIAH!
. FREE FARE!
EO R. R. laborers, Ukiah $2 per day
CO R. R. teamsters, Ukiah.. $2 to $2 25 per day
50 axmen, Ukiah... $2 per day
Free fare to Fresno. Merced and Bakersfield.
50 shovelers for Santa Fe R. R.; 50 section
hands for Santa Fe R. R ...$1 75 per day
10 sawmill and woods men $60 per month
10 lumber pliers and yard men $2 a day
Man and wife, man to pick grapes, wife to
cook and <Jo housework $45 per month
10 laborers, country $2 per day
Mexican to make tamales, Seattle. .Free fare
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st.— Butler, $45;
kitchen boy. private place, $30; indoor ser-
¦ vant, $25; night clerk for lodging-house, $S
a week; baker for Institution, $35; dishwasher
for college, $20; driver, delivery wagon, $2
a day; nursery gardener. $25, etc
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207,
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED— Musicians, first and second , class,
for the Puget Sound Navy Yard Band; E flat
clarinet; solo B flat clarinets; cornets, altos;
trombones, | barytone, tuba and drums ; men
who double In orchestra preferred; pay of mu-
sicians, first class, $32 and $9 ration; 'musi-
cians, second class, $30 and $9 ration. Apply
to recruiting officer U. S. R. S. NIPSIC,
Navy Yard, Puget Sound, Bremerton, Wash.
• 1000 MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers; steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association, 209 Examiner
building.
WANTED— Boy 17 years; good chance for ad-
. vancement; salary to start $4 week; one with
bicycle. Apply at once THE AL DODGE
CO., 411 Emma Spreckels building.
WANTED— Coal miners. Monterey County: good
wages and board. For particulars call 904
Spreckels building, between 10 and 11 a. m.
COLORED young man of good appearance to
. work at soda water fountain; no experience
.'required. Call • between 9 and 11 a. m. at
BLUM'S -confectionery, cor. Polk and Sutter.
WANTED— A first-class experienced day waiter
for a coffee and chop house; must be steady
and honest; state where . formerly employed.
Address box 98, Call office.
MAN ' a3 correspondent and office manager;
must have $250 to invest; good wages. Box
• 59. Call. office. . .
WANTED — Strong boy to assist engineer;
knows something about boilers. Call bet. 12
, and 1 at Golden West Hotel.
ROUGH carpenter, non-union; no office fees.
Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny
¦ St., room 24.
ELDERLY gentleman to attend plumbing
shop: steady work; small wages; referer/ces.
473 Valencia st. _ •
CASHBOYS wanted. S. N. WOOD & CO., 718
Market st.
PRESSER on- pants. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO., 541 Market St. . ¦¦
FIRST-CLASS union barber for Saturday and
Sunday; good wages., 2197% Powell st. ¦ 1-
WANTED— A bright, energetic boy In a whole-
sale house at $3 per week. Box 142, Call.
STRONG boy about 17. white, as bootblack and
assist janitor. 328 Montgomery st., room 218.
GOOD coatmaker wanted at 2197 Powell st '
CASHBOYS* wanted. Apply at 1220-1224 Mar-
¦ ket st. . ¦ - . • -'.--'
CYLINDER feeder ' wanted. Printing office.
, 306 California st. . , ••' -
FOR sale — First-class hotel barber shop in
mountain > town. H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh.
GET^your. shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet 1st and 2d sts. .
BARBERS I wanted for ten-cent shops. Apply
to Labor Sec, 131 Third st. : no students.
A WET cleaner. Sanitary Cleaning and Dyeing
Co., 242 McAllister st.
WANTED— Barber, ! young man small expert-
, ence.- 1CO0 Seventh St.," Oakland.
WANTED— Active young man to drive milk
• wagon In Oakland. ' Box 149, Call office.
BOOTBLACK,* first class, at The Modern. 34
Fourth st. • :-'¦ . • • . ..
FIRST waiter wanted. Park Hotel, 26 Turk
; street. ;
WANTED — Errand boy. 933 Market st., fifth
floor. • -\ ' • . . ;.•¦.-._
"WANTED — A harness-maker. B. SAMMAN
; 1238 Fillmore st. , ; . : . ; . •
WANTED— Boy In butcher shop. Sonoma
: , Market. 1307 Polk St.: _
EXPERIENCED kitchen helper wanted; good
;. pay. 631 Clay st. - ' , . •
WANTED— Bright young man from 20 to 25
¦years of age.- Apply at HALE BROS.
WANTED — A J man or • boy ' with stTtne experi-
• . ence In grocery, business. . Box .131, Call.
EXPERIENCED milk wagon driver, with ref-
erences; wages $45 and found. , 1507 Broderick.
"WOMAN* wants" working : partner. " 30 ; Hannah
St., Oakland, Watts Tract. \ . , --i-V.':.:
BARKEEPER good references. 698 Fourth
• ¦ street. ¦'•--. .- \ ¦¦ •,«¦¦'
GOOD barber for 'Sundays; steady place. 2007
- Mission • st. : vr • v ." - . ' . -
ROCIC drillers; and ; quarrymen. Apply 232
;.- Montgomery st -. ,. ;-, • .. - r .-^
HELP ¦> WAIVTBD WALK Cos. "
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S..V.!...104 Geary st
Railroad work Railroad work
Free fare.... Free fare
. 1 . - FOR UKIAH.
100 teamsters $2 a day
100 laborers .$2 a day
FOR NEVADA.
100 teamsters $2 a day
100 laborers .- $2 a day
FOR TRUCKEB.
50 mason's helpers $1 75 to $3
100 laborers ...$175
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK.
100 drillers and headers ...$2 25 to $2 50
100 muckers and laborers $3
FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM.
60 laborers, section work $1 73
Free fare Ship dally Free fare
Horseshoer for railroad camp In Oregon, $2 50
a day, free fare; 2 blacksmiths, country
shops, $3 a day; 20 laborers for sawmill and
woods, .$2. a day; 20 farmers, milkers and
choreman, $25, $26, $30: milk wagon driver.
$30; can-washer, dairy, $35.
**"' >w HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head cdtok. $75; second cook. $45; dishwasher.
$25, for hotel in Arizona, free fare, see party
here; hotel manager, country, $75, see party
here to-day: hotel butcher, country, $70 to
$80; hotel roast cook, $70; baker, $40; assist-
ant cook, $30; dishwasher, $23, for institution,
country, see. party here; cook and wife, insti-
tution, country, $60; camp cook for railroad
camp, $50 and free fare; 20 dishwashers and
kitchen hands. $30 and $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
10 COLORED extra waiters, country hotel, $1 50
a day and free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. . '
WANTED— A boy 15 years or over at VvEL-
ISCH'S Trunk and Telescope Factory, 131
Second st. ; apply Saturday.
EXPERIENCED city rent collector for real es-
tate firm; state experience fully and salary
wanted; bonds required. Box 139, Call office.
WANTED— Architectural draughtsman with
experience in mechanical drawing; state sal-
ary. experience, etc. Box 118. Call. .__
BARBERS, attention— To let, 953 Howard St.,
near Sixth; central location. . .-. V.V.,
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery st.. room 25. San Fran-
cisco, Cal. •
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33: not
less than a feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires eight
weeks: positions secured at $60 monthly;
special inducements this month: write at
• once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED 1 — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
GLASS WORKS STARTS SEPT. 3D.!
BOYS WANTED!
Apply ABRAMSON-HEUNISCH GLASS CO..
Fifteenth and Folaom sts.
LACQUERER and bronzer for chandelier work.
Apply superintended THOMAS DAY CO.,
725 Mission st. v
WANTED— A man that understands nursery
wcrk and floral business. Call 500 Halght st.
A GOOD boy to work in planing mill. Corner
Market and Dolores sts.
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery.
1139 Folsom st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.,. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN and boys to learn to make shirts; good
pay; steady work. Lowenberg&Co., 27 Jessie.
200 MEN to buy suits made to order. $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 EH!i st.
MCDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale: 50c up. 241 Third st.
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply at 232 Mont-
gomery st
2 FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers on wood man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. 581 Market st.
• WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night: reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. \
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103«
Valencia st.
HOUSES AND WAGONS.
H. BRANDENSTEIN & CO. haT removed from
631 Mission st. to 819 Folsom St.. with an as-
sortment of sale horses: also livery and board-
Ing; new boarders solicited. WM. HELLIER.
' H. BRANDENSTEIN.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale." A. M. SCOTT
_ CO.. 35 Pore St.. S. F.
FOR sale — Pair of stylish dapple gray carriage
horses; French stock. Box 68, Call office.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry, 1
baker's, 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth st.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st. -
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for saSe. cheap 532 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postase paid.
HOSPITALS^ _^
MENTAL & nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass St.. San Fran.
~ HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
OAK. 324, bet. Octavia and Laguna— House of S
rooms and bath; laree basement.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
HOUSE of 10 rooms, partly furnished; furnace;
rent $35. 1717 Webster St., near Bush.
?-•¦; ??' HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED by a good tenant, an 8-room house
with a marine view in the northern part of
the city; state rent. Address Mariner. P. O.
box 24S5, city.
__________ _
SAN Francisco School of Psychology; chronic
and nervous diseases a specialty; stammering,
liquor and tobacco habits cured; practical in-
structions in hypnotism, etc. Office 504 Par-
rott building. : '• :v :--¦.-.
~~ LOST AND FOUND.'- ~~~
LOST— Map of Berkeley property belonging to
S. M. MOUSER; on tracing paper; reward'
• ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st!
LOST— Short-coated St. Bernard dog. Return
to WM. CLUFF CO., cor. Front and Pine
and receive reward; lost for a week. *
LOST— Two soft-covered tooks, containing
memoranda of stmr. Walla Walla. Return
,to S09^ Guerrero St.; reward. ''¦-'
LOST — Lady's gold watch, on September 8.
Suitable reward by leaving at 349 Bush st.
LO3T— Tuesday, watch charm. Masonic em-
blem. Return to 59 First St.; reward.
LOST — A diamond sunburst set with pearls
either on Oakland boat or Hayes st cars'
Liberal reward If returned to 645 Hayes st.
LOST— Diamond ring on 9 p. m.' Berkeley local
Monday. Return to Oakland office Call-
reward. ¦ . ¦ • . - *
LOST— _ngllsh setter dog.- black and gray with
tan legs; license No. 2463; liberal reward S
R. MOUNT, 826 Treat ave.- "= w aro. .a.
FOUND— Black, gray and tan setter dbg on
t 4th. Apply at 723 Davis st. B
FOUND— Camera, at Piedmont Springs Sun
day. Owner can: have same by applying at
2152 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley. W ™ at
FOUND — On Van Ness ave., a purse containing
valuables. Call 1225 Bush st. contalnl °S
IT will pay to "Remember** that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch' cases.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
>V.'r. 7- M ATRIMOXIAL.
GENTL|_jiiN^s^^ TadTes
- send 10c for latest list Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
• MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 113 Powell s _-
tel. Bush 42X" ' '
BAJT FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Fr_d»eo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 11 o'clock every nleht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. „...¦
639 McAllister* street; open until 8:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:39 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m. . . ¦ _
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia 6treet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 P. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O. F. -sg^ifcfr.
—First (1st) degree THIS (FRI- S_8FS=
DAY) NIGHT, S o'clock. Mem- -d^fSftSF
cri_I HalL Visitors cordially In ?**?£
\1ted. FRANK V. COX. Noble Grand.
W. F. NORCROSS. Rec Sec
OFFICERS and members of Unity .^aSffiftk.
Lodge No. 131. I. O. O. F., will *jj?_TSvft
assemble In Fraternal Hall, Odd
Fellows' building, THIS (FRI- ''/il*^
DAY) EVENING, Sept. «, 1901. at 8 o'clock,
to attend District with Ophlr Lodge No. 171.
J. H. HUDSON, Noble Grand.
G. H. STEWART. Rec. Sec.
OPHIR Lodge No. 171, I. O. O. F.— <_Ba^J.
There will be a district meeting of
all lodges in District No. 07. on
FRIDAY EVENING September '•»»»*.
«, In Fraternal Hall. The members of this
lodge are earnestly requested to be present.
J. R. MORRISON, R. S.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledon- v CTv
ian Club THIS EVENING at 8 3k Q.lK/
o'clock. Ex-Second Chieftain HUGH
FRASER will entertain the mem- **
beni after the business meeting. Scottish
Hall. 117 Larkln st.
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
PYTHIAN day at Sacramento— Special Afc
party excursion leaving San Fran- fftJ^A
Cisco S a. m., Sept. 11; returning, Sg>&*
leave Sacramento Sept 12, 8:20 a, m. *>T*_ J
D. O. K. K. pilgrimage. For further par-
ticulars apply to H. SCHAFFNER, 6 Eddy
st. (phone Bush 6). or E. ULMAN. 909 -Mar-
ket et. (phone South 372) not later than 9th
lnst. ¦
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. K. __¦¦_
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) /9g_W_
EVENING at S o'clock. Pioneer fe2f<5f5a
Hall. 24 Fourth et. '!__«_»
H. H. CASTLE,
~ . Record Keeper. ¦*«_«*'
JfATIVE Sons — Stmr. San Jose leaves Wash-
lngton-st. wharf SATITRDAY. Sept. 7, at 2
o'clock p. m. for San Jose. Fare, 60c; round
trip. (1.
ADOPTIOJT.
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Several persons of character and
good reputation In each State (one in this
county required) to represent and advertise
old established wealthy business house of solid
financial standing. Salary $1S weekly, with
expenses additional, all payable in cash each
Wednesday direct from head offices. Horse
and carriage furnished when necessary: ref-
erences. Inclose self-addressed stamped en-
velope. Manager, 306 Caxton build' g, Chicago.
AGENTS wanted— Big money. Call before 10
a. m.. ELDER. 22 Kcarny St.. room 9.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, eidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick;
<juiet; no charge without success; collections.
Trills, deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; estb.
15 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st
ADVICE free;divorces private; bankruptcy col-
lections attachments : mortgages ;bllls of sale;
partnerships ;deeds^ wills drawn;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 1008% Mkt.. r. 4. op 5th.
ADVICE free; open evening; country practice
solicited: moderate fee if successful. EDW.
R. SHIRRAN. Emma Spreckels building.
LEW B. DOUGLASS. 397 Parrott hldg.— Bank-
reptcy. estates, general practice; mod, fees.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927*Mar-
fcet 6t. : consultation free; no fees In advance.
BOOKS SEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2936.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
T OR Z children to board; good home & moth-
cr*s cart: tlP-up; runny yard. 1607. California.
BUREAU TRUXKS.
ASK to see Lundbeck's improved drawer
trunk: at all dealers or factory. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $400; DAIRY and produce store with horse
and wagon; 3 living rooms; place established
S years; doing good business. Call R. G
WILKE. 2Chj Kearny Et.
A— $1400; SALOON; choicest location on Market
et. ; net rent $80; fine fixtures and good pay-
Ing business ; investigate at once: a splendid
and rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE 26%
Kearny et.
A— $3C00; CORNER saloon with lunchroom on
Market St.; a first-class place: owner sick in
the country; must sell at once: investigate
and make offer. Call R. G. WILKE, 26W
Kearny st.
A— $500; CHOP and ovster house on Market st.;
rent $30: dally receipts $30 and above: owner
called East by death. Call R. G. WILKE.
2K>6 Kearny st.
NEWTON & HARTER. 759 Market st.— 20-
room house, rent $32 50. $350, furniture clean
end new; 8 rooms and bath central m
blocks of Market Et-. t250.
$100 — REAL estate office: snap; this week
NEWTON & HARTER. 759 Market St.
JioO— CANDY stand, stock and fixtures; down-
town; snap. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st.. r. 12.
$300— CORNER grocery and bar: fine location-
must sell. RETSLOFF. S06 Market st.
KSO-PARTNER wanted: great chance In a
paying office. McBRIDE _ CO.. 1016 Market.
A — CIGAR Etand; different " from the rest* al-
ways doing business; fine location; hlgh-clase
trade; elegant fixtures; rent very low; owner
celling account other large Interests; an op-
portunity to buy a No. 1 rtand at a low
figure; no agents. Box 60, Call office.
WANTED immediately— Good business part-
ner with capital to assist patentee financially
with an article of high merit: a big money
making proposition. Box 117. Call office.
PARTNER, active or silent, with capital of
not less than $20,000, wanted for wholesale
S? V*? f m \ n , y years> fitan <"ng; large pro-
fits. Address M.. box 140. Call office.
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
13000 in an optical business; must either be
!Sr^?, Cian . 0r ** abIe t0 att « nd t0 corre-
5SSS tag> etc#: cash receipts about $1500 to
J2000 Per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician. 1C71V4 Mar-
ket et.. Ban Francisco.
FOR tale— At invoice price, the merchandise
Es°7w 0 o f h CNOP . ICS & C0 - R e o r sawnn
V? ££?¦«&?— hes * one _ *, 6eb «topol and one
_Lr I. "' *" a whole or each store sep-
•rate disagreement among partners the cause
1 JJl 5' Fcr Particulars address CNOPIUS
& CO.. Santa Rosa.
FOR sale cheap; owner must leave town at
•nee; stock, good-will and fixtures of^ruit
and vegetable etore. Apply 775 Washington
«t.. corner Free Market, Oakland. asWnKton
candy store- lce-
cream and soda founuin; furniture and fl£
Peuflumal 1^ SO<>d bU8lnes8 - GEO - <=• YOUn£
FOR sale— A good-paying candy Ice-cream m*A
notion business in a lively interior ? O w^.
S5000. Inquire of N. MEYER _ C<£ *£> fS
M ,^ N * S T a 2 te<J to , flnd rich - free-milling quartz
ledge. Address Call agency. San Jose. Cal.
WANTED-WIll rent a stcr> across bay chean
rent for saloon. D. M.. 143 Fifth ill a Lg?
OLD-EST A BLISHED corner liquor store with
lease; account of sickness. Box 79. C-lt'offic,
nOOD paying milk business; will bear clo-est
Investigation; principals onl; . Box 4663 Call
LODCIXCHOUSES FOR SALE.
10 ROOMS on 6" Fairrell .".TTTT "*7£
24 rooms on Geary st —•" ?orji
16 rooms; sunny corner; clears $100 "" 100a
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit" 60u0
€0 rooms; *12r>0 cash " i£Z
40 rooms; clears $200; only $©KI cash 1500
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash.. '.'.'; 755
6-room flat; fine corner [[" 303
36 rooms; on Market st "* jsoo
10 rooms; north of Market st 430
<2 rooms;. clears every month $300 1600
8 rooms; flat near City Hall • 425
15 rooms; fine corner; clears $80 eoj
9 rooms; good piano; must sell 525
16 rooms; offices; clears $80 1430
. 14 rooms; $100 cash, balance payments...- 400
48 rooms; hotel end bar 1500
18 rooms; on Sixth et.; clears $89 900
24 rooms; on Market; clears $150 1000
18 rooms; corner; Just like home 1500
' 10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250. ;.T-. ....... 7.. 350}
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1259
I sell and exchange all kinds of property.
GIVE ME A CALL. I CAN SUIT^YOU IN
LOCATION, PRICE AND PAYMENTS.
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.• Robert Day : . (owner) with • O. A. Craemer
(contractor), architect C.'.A..Meussdorffer — All
work except mantels, gas fixtures and shades
for alterations and additions : to a three 1 story,
frame building on. lot, on. SE corner of O'Far
rell and Larkln streets, E 22:6 by S 90; $7364. f.
. Esther M. Wilson - (owner) i with ¦ Denke Bros",
(contractors and ; aiachltects) — All ¦ work for ¦ a
three-story ,• frame building, (three 1 flats) on lot
en SE -' corner • of •.; Steiner and Sacramento
streets, S 26:« by E 81:3; $7290.
Builders' Contracts.
An order of examination issued by Jus
tice of -.the : Peace •, Joachimsen ¦ promises
to develop Into a problem of International
al law. " L. Tamm, secretary to Henri
Dallemagne, the resident French Consul,
was recently sued In the Justice, Court by
M. Kscaude f or $150. -i Judgment was given
in Escaude's favor. An attachment- levied
on Tamm's salary failed to bring returns.
Tamm. was. ordered Into 'court for exami- :
natlon as to his ¦ resources. :.' At ; the same
time a^ subpoena was | Issued for | Consul
Dallemagne, whose testimony as to salary
due his . secretary .was ; wanted .. by -; the
court." The ] French - Consul refused . to no
tice the- summons -of •? the / court. ;¦ He
claimed, {.. through his attorney, •; Joseph
Kelly, tha process server had handled him
roughly.' His '. attorney claimed, w- on .be
half : of the . Consul, that , as : a , diplomatic
officer - he - was beyond the r jurisdiction . of
the court. The matter will be decided this
morning after further/ argument. .
Consul Ignores Summons.
Big Shipbuilding Plant.
NORFOLK. Va... Sent. 5.— Within the
next thirty days work will have com
menced on the water front of Norfolk
harbor upon the erection of a million dol
lar- ship building plant, which will be
owned jointly by the Trigg Company of
Richmond, a big ship building firm of
Philadelphia and another company of
Bath, Me., which builds sailing vessels.
It is rumored that the Philadelphia com
pany interested is the Cramss and that
the Sewalls are the Bath people in the
deal.
Hundreds Dying Daily.
\ LONDON. Sept. 6. — "Russian newspapers
are forbidden to refer to famine condi
tions in Russia," says the St. Peters
burg correspondent of the, Dally- Mail,
"because hunger, typhus and scurvy have
broken ' out in many districts and hun
dreds are dying daily."
Whitney Gets Blue Girl.
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.— William C. Whit
ney to-day purchased John E. Madden's
interest in the filly Blue Girl. She will
carry the light blue colors in the great
filly stakes which Is to be run Saturday
at Sheepshead Bay. The price was kept
a secret. I :-:".'.'¦-:•:
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
SAILED.
Thursday, September 1 5.
Stmr Eureka. Lehman, 121 days from Nor
folk. ....
Stmr Jennie, Esser, 9 days 12 hours from
Cooks Inlet.
Stmr Washtenaw, ZoUing, S9 hours from
Tacoma.- '
Thursday, September 5.
Stror National City, Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Jennie— Aug 27 towed ship Centen
nial to sea, bound- for San Francisco.
In port at Cooks Inlet Ang 24 — Stmr Bertha,
ship Berlin, loading at Kenal for San Fran
cisco. ¦ ' ¦
HAVRE— Arrived Sept 6— Ctmr l'Aquatalne.
from New York.
GRAND HOTEL
Mrs E Reavis, Sacto
Dr W L Blodget, Cal
S F McLaughlin & w,
San Mateo
Mrs Curtz. Berkeley
W E Broadwater & w.
Fort Bragg
C Webber, S Rosa
C H White, SS China
C T-'Devlne," Edgewood
J Touhey, Sacto
Mrs Osgoodby, N Y
Mrs It Ham, N Y
H Baswitz, Phoenix
J -H Burgard. Portland
J F Maynard, Boston
F Boyd & f, Fresno
D W Coons, N Y
Mrs L Heise, L Ang
O N Wade & w, Cal ,
M O' Gorman. L Ang
W Cunningham, Biggs
Miss Wilkinson, Cal I
T H Fuller, Angpls j
W S Tupper, L Ang
J Hangwltz. Pa
E J Roy, Uklah —
J M Sutter, Stockton
J Hebbron & w, 1 Cal
Mrs Garlichs,- Vacavle
Mrs Cormack, Vacavle
P S Brumby, Mich
G Buck,- Montana
Mrs Smith. ¦ Fresno
Miss Brown, Oakland
J Kingman, Greenwood
Mrs Lorigan, S Jose
Miss Pettigrew, L Ang
Miss Brunetto, L Ang
J Pagllano, L Ang
Addie Parsons, L Ang
Bettle Parsons. S Cruz
J Mugridge. Vallejo
G S Cone, Chicago
M T Owens, Cal
T A Stevens, Ohio
J McDonnell. Menlo
R L Fisher, Stanford
G E Kennedy, Cal
C F Burner, Cleveland
J H Wood Si w, Cal
E W Palmer. Chicago
E W Dunn, S Jose
M Lesser, N Y
J E Reiter, ( Cal
E Painter & w, Ala..
Mr Fletcher & f, Ger
H Chandler, Chicago
H C Bundy, Minn
E C Hart, Sacto, >
J Jarvis, Riverside
I S Runards, Palo A
G Malnhart, Grass Val
J McCartney, Cal
W F Griffin, Chicago
F Livengopd, Chicago
C W Rogers, L Ang
C Rasmaasen & w, Min
M Todd & w, Cal
I P Browne & w, Cal
J H Batcher. Sacto
C A Dulber, Dawson
H L Vroom, Dawson
J O ' Conrad, Chicago
PALACE HOTEL.
C W "West, Niagara
C R Drake, Los Ang .
C D Danahen, Central
America , ¦¦*.
M Stoltz, N T
H A Keller. Redding
G S Cochran & w, L A
B V Newman, Boston
S T Klous, Seattle ,
H Ben.iaman, Clnn ¦
Mrs J Harrell, VIsalla
JMrs W- J Owen, Danv
A T Goldsborough,
Wash, DC
R C Rogers. S Barbara
C Ferhald, S Barbara
J Lonemore & w, Sta
¦ Barbara •
E W Huffart. N T
F S Lusk & w, Chicago
B J Lucey, U S N. .
J F Farraher. Treka
A M Funks & w, Colo
P M Baumgardner,
Chlcaso
F Buck, Vacaville
T,E Dennis, San Jose
C A Sheels, San Jose
Mrs J C Brennen, Mont
C R Braslan, San Jose
M von Arnstadt, China
Mr Kuhl, Tientsin i
Mr Zimmerman. China
F A Fee. . Madera
M Baackes & w, Ohio
S B Jones, > Denver
E St John & w, Va •
JA Veatch, Manchester
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W J Thompson, Ogden
A D Bell, Ogden
F C Clausen, Vallejo *
B F Cook, Chicago
J Cyra, Prescott
M .Kelley. Chicago
J A Pharo, Milton
H Fredricks, Clevelnd
F J Blair. Virginia '
V George, lone :
G T Baker & w, Or : .
M Lewis, Pinole
J Davis, Pinole ,
C Vlncente, , Pinole
J Mclnerney, Vallejo
H Wulf & w, Oakland
F P Flynn, Portland
G A Lewis, Wheeling'
A H Osner, NY
HA Luneman, Cal
J Stevenson. Los Ang
HOTEL AREIVALS.
SALT LAKE, Sept. 5.— The hearing of
the condemnation suit of the Oregon
Short Line against the San P^edro, Los
Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad was be
gun here to-dav by Judge Talbot of Ne
vada. Arguments on both sides were
made by counsel and the matter went
over until to-morrow. .
Condemnation Suit on Trial.
-Patrick Broderlck to ¦ Hanorla Broderick, > lot
¦beginning 120:6 SE line of Seneca avenue and
30 NE of San Jose avenue, NE 210, NW, to San
Jose. avenue. SW to a point, SE to beginning,
block 31, ~ West End Map ; 1 ; also lot on S cor
ner Of San ¦¦ Jose • and ; Onelda ; avenues. SE 157,
SW 160, NW to ' San Jose avenue, NE . to be
ginning;, gift. : , ¦ : : ¦•_;;:
- Arta Parker to John F. and Mary Keating,
lot on W line of San Bruno avenue (Nebraska),
25 8 Of Nineteenth (Butte). S 25 by,W 100; $10.
Mary M. B. Martin to- Mary- Kenealy, lot on
SW corner; of L street and Tenth avenue, AV
32:6 by S 100; $10. • ¦ " . • ¦ .
Hannah Peterson to Henry Britt, lot 28, block
69, Sliver Heights: $50. . •
Joseph : Lee to . Ida A. Lee, lot 20, block 10,
Sunnyside; $10. -V ¦ . " • -- - - - »¦ •
Ellsha B. Wright to Martha A.. Stapleton. lot
on SW- line of Fourteenth avenue,' 182:6 NW of
L street, NW : 5 by SW 100, block 280, South
San Francisco Homestead and Railroad . As
sociation;" $100. .' . ,' ' .-..¦-¦• . • ; »,.;'— -'.
James P. Sweeney to Camille L. Lapachet,'
lot 818. Gift Map 3;, $10. ¦•; . ; ' -
Joseph B. and Mabel L. Cofyell to. Southern
Pacific Company, lot on SW line of Twenty
sixth avenue, 240 SE of M street. SE 120 SW
100, block 496, Bay City Homestead; $10. .
- M. H. Kilbourn to W. ¦ P. Read, lot on SE
line of Arlington street, 268:4 NE of Mieuel
NE 27:6, SE 90, SW 27:6, NW 95, block 36*.
Fairmount; $10.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to Erik
Boes, lot 41, block 5, Garden Tract Homestead
Association; $10. -
Frederick H. and Virginia ? F. Deakln or
Bakln to Mary C. Barry, lot on S line of Cal
ifornia street, 75 W of Larkln, W 39:6, S 80 6
E 25, N 44:6, E 14:6, N 36; $10. • .
¦ Charles Alpers to E. H. Perry, lot 'on W line
of Fillmore street, 90 S of Waller S 24 by W
81:3. quitclaim deed; ?10.
City and County of San Francisco to Ed
ward H. Perry, lot on ,W line of Fillmore
street, 95:9 S of Waller, S 24:3 by W 81:3; $ .
Germanla Building and Loan Association to
Henry A. Arnold, lot on S line of Frederick
street, 157:6 W of Stanyan, W 50 by S, 137-6:
510,000. : . , . .
Amy C. Gouraud (GilHg) (Ashe) to Evan
Watts, lot on S line of Fourteenth street, 205
W of Valencia, V? 2 by-S 130; $10.
Mary A. Murray (by B. P. Oliver,- commis
sloner| to Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
lot commencing 202 E of Douglas street and 360
N of Beventeenth, : E 25, N 89:8y . - NW 29-4.
S.97:l»fe; $400. - . -
Estate of Jennie C. McCauley (by John H.
Speck and J. B. Rocca, • executor's) to Albert
Joseph, lot on NW corner of Latham place and
Mason street, N60 by W 77:6; $64,000.—
• Jane O'Donnell to -Margaret O'Donnell. lot
on N line of Minna street. 155 W. of Third W
20 by N. 70; also lot 108, Ben Franklin Home
stead; grift. . . •
Elisabeth Amyott to Owen Curley, lot on E
line_of Nineteenth avenue, 200 N of J street,
Jacob Heyman Company to Ida M. Cam
bridge (married), lot on N line of K street 132-C
W of Forty-seventh avenue, W 25 by N 100:
no.
Pope. &r Talbot Land Company (corporation)
to Carl G. Larsen, lot on N W corner of L
street and Eighteenth avenue, W 120 by N 60:
James T. and Eleanor H. McLure to Solomon
Getz, lot on E line of Ninth avenue, 150 N of
N street, N 37:6 by E 120; $10.
Union Trust . Company of San Francisco to
Minnie J. Schardin, lot on E line of Eleventh
avenue, 150 N of O street, N 25 by E 120; $10
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin .to Peter E
and Christina Erickson, lot 18, block 1; subdi
vision 1, Castro-street Addition; $10.
Same to Kate F. Casey, lot 7, block 2, sub
division 1, same; $10. .
Emilie M. Chabot to Houghton Sawyer lot
IT 22?u 'Sy nS StreSt ' 45:1 ° E ° f Jone3 '
Jane C, Mary C. and Peter J. Flnley to
John B. Inguglia, lot on SE corner ot Leaven
worth and Francisco streets, E 112:6 by S 102;
Sarah Magnes (wife of Moses), -Reuben and
Solomon D. . Magnes, Jennie Friedlander and
Ida Eisenberg to Emll Arnold, lot on N line of
Sixteenth street,- 60 W of Mission, W 32 by
N ISO; ?10.
Rosa and Jacob Lando to same, . undivided
one-flfth of same; $10.
Amelia A. Waterhouse to James McDonald
lot on SE corner ..of Eighteenth and Howard
streets, S ISO by E v 122:6; $10.
Edson W. . A. and Seymour Waterhouse and
Nelly A. Dome to same, same (quitclaim deed);
Eigln-and Jessie S. F. McNab to Ewald F.
and Annie L. Schutte, lot on E line of Dolores
street, 244 N. of Twenty-third, S 32 by E 117:6;
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 5.— Mount Tataal
pais Parlor No. 64, N. S. G. W., will give
a grand ball at Gordon's Opera-house
to-morrow night in commemoration of
Admission day. The following compose
the committee, of . arrangements: A. E.
Scott, George Murray, R. G. Litchten
berg, L. Hughes. J. E. Hayden, James
Watson Jr. and E. J. Connell.
Marin Natives Will Celebrate.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 5.-While switch
ing njneteen carloads of fruit, mostly
peaches, in the Newcastle yard yesterday
an error in taking a signal caused a gen
eral smashup of the contents of the cars.
It is doubtful whether a single car es
caped injury* Some of the cars, which
appeared to be the least injured, were
sent forward on their way to their East
ern destinations, the loss to be adjusted
by the railroad company at the point of
unloading., . . . .-
Fruit Cars in a Smash-TJp.
VICTORIA, B. C. Sept. 5.— The steam
ship Mibwera brings news of a serious ac
cident'occurring at Quirindi last 'month.
The balcony of the Imperial Hotel of that
city collapsed with a load of 150 polo peo
ple. Dr. McDonald, president of the club,
had just finished presenting the prizes to
the winners of the events and was about
to present the ,cup to .the .Weetabalah
team' when the balcony began to sway
and fell with a report like a cannon.
Eighteen people sustained broken legs,
forty-nine were seriously injured and a
large, number suffered minor injuries.
Disaster.
Broken Legs and General
Accident at Hotel in Quirindi Causes
FALL OF A BALCONY
INJURES MANY PEOPLE
Justice Frear said the labor problem
was one of the most difficult of solution
in the islands. There is a dearth of cheap
labor on account of the Chinese exclusion
laws, which apply there as elsewhere in
the United States. The plantation owners
are compelled to rely on the. few Japanese
and importations of Porto RIcans.
"It is -reasonably certain that the next
Legislature will be Republican. The-Re
publican organization at the last election
was apathetic. Now that it has seen the
result of its lack of patriotism it is likely
to awaken and capture the two houses of
the governing body."
"All of Governor Dole's troubles with
the Legislature' are due to the incompe
tency of the members of that body, i The
Royalists are unused to self : government,
of course, and whatever they do is di
rectly against the . interests of the gov
ernment. They have insured the defeat
of their own party at the next election
through their inability to accomplish any
thing for it.
Justice Frear Is a son of the Rev. Mr.
and Mrs. Walter Frear of 1461 Tenth ave
nue, East Oakland. He is here with his
wife on a visit. They will remain here a
week before leaving for the East for a
two months' trip, after which they will
return to the islands. • Justice Frear is
well known in Oakland and Santa Cruz,
where he lived before he went to Hawaii,
ten years ago. He has been successful
in law there. His first appointment was
to the Circuit bench by yueen Liliouka
lani. When the territory became the prop
erty of the United States he was elevated
to the Supreme bench.
"I had a talk with Governor Dole just
the day. before I left Honolulu," said Jus
tice Frear. "He had just returned from,
a vacation and appeared to be enjoying
the best of health. I asked him If it was
true that he was going to resign, and he
said it was not. He said he felt nrst rate
and meant to stay in office until he was
forced to get out.- There is a bitter polit
ical struggle going on in the islands, but
he does not mind that.
That Governor 1 Dole entertains any
thought of resigning the gubernatorial of
fice in Hawaii is emphatically denied by
Chief Justice W.'F. Frear of the Supreme
Court- of yie . Territory of Hawaii. » The
Justice says that during a personal inter
view with Governor Dole the day before
he left the islands the Governor said that
he had no intention to resign Ills office
either on account of his health, which he
declared was the best, in spite of reports
to the contrary, or for any other reason,
and that he would continue to hold the
reins of government, notwithstanding the
bitter political light being made against
him. - ¦¦:- .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
" 1118 Broadway, Sept. 5.
He Is in Good Health and
Not Frightened b£
Politicians.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 5.—
Miss Esther "Van Tuyl Avery, Stanford
1903. and Sherwood Hopkins Adams, Stan
ford-1904, were married in the Episcopal
church at Corvallis, Or., at 3 o'clock yes
terday morning. The bride was one of the
most popular society belles at Stanford
and is a member of the Alpha Phi Soror
ity. ¦ Adams was- a prominent member of
the freshman class last year, easily win
ning a place on the varsity tennis team
by his clever playing. Harry Weihe, also
a varsity tennis player, acted as best
man, while' Miss Lucy Sitton of Portland
was maid of honor.
University Graduates Are Wedded.
ASTORIA, Sept. 5.— Three Alaska can
nery supply ships, the North Star, I?ate
Davenport and Prussia, returned to port
to-day, bringing reports of a most suc
cessful season. The pack on Nushagak
River is unprecedentedly heavy, and the
cannery of the .Columbia River Packers'
Association established a new record for
a first year's pack with 24,000 cases. The
Alaska Fishermen's Packing Company of
this city packed 47,760 cases and the Port
land Alaska Packing Company 20,000
cases. In Unimak Pass the Prussia
passed a • three-masted schooner painted
white which had been driven ashore.
Tents had been erected on the beach and
it was presumed that members of the
crew were living there. The name of the
schooner could noU be learned.
Alaska Canners Are Prospering.
Car from Newcastle: Peachis — Orange Cling,
20@25c box; Salway, average 33c box. Pears —
average $1 35 box. Nine cars fruit sold.
Car from Florin: Grapes— Tokays, Jl 60®
1 S3, average $1 CB single crate; Clusters. $1 50
@1 95, average $1 63 single crate;Muscats. Jl@
1 40, average Jl 25 i/insle crate. Pears—Aver
age Jl 10 box. Peaches average 45c box. Gross
sale, J14S5.
Car from Suisun: Pears— Seckels, average
Jl 25 half box, half crates average Jl 15; Barry,
average $1 60; Winter Nellis, average S5c box.
Peaches — Susquehanna, 35@60c, average 39c
box; Crawford, 35@40c, average 3Sc box. Nec
tarines—A veraje 20c single ¦ crate. Salway
Peaches withdrawn.
CHICAGO, Seat. 5.— Porter Bros. Company's
sales of California fruit— Car from Walnut
Creek: Pears— Bartletts, Jl 40®l 53, average
Jl 47 box; 70@90c, avorasre 76c half box; Howell.'
average $1 So box. Prunes — Fellenberg, average
Jl 03 single crate. ¦ ' ¦ •
Car from Walnut Crefk: Plums— Kelsey
Japan, average 65c single crate. Prunes— Gros,
average Jl 45 single crate. Pears— Bartlett,
$2 25@2 35, average $2 29 box; 90c@$l 20,. average
$105 half box; Beurre Hardy, average $190
box; Beurre Clairgeau, $1 20@l 85, average Jl 84
box; 75@95c, average 82c half box; Duchesse.
Jl 45(gl 55, average Jl 49 box; half boxes, 70@
75c, average. 71c; Onondaga, average Jl 70 box.
Gross sales, $845. v Fourteen cars of fruit sold.
Car from Hemme: Peaches — Crawford, aver
age $1 15 box. Prunes — Gros, average $1 80 sin
gle crate. Pears— Bartlett. average ?2 box;
S5c@$l, average 9Sc half box; Beurre Hardy.
$1 75@1 85, average Jl 78 box; 90@95c, average
94c half box; Beurre Clairgeau. $1 80@2 25.
average $2 16 box; half boxes, average $105;
Duchesse. ?1 20@l 25. average $1 23 box; 60@65c.
average 61c half box; Howell, average $2 10
box; Onondaga, Jl 35@1 43, average Jl 41 box;
White -Doyenne, average $1 50 box; Beurre
d'Anjou. average Jl 20 box. Gross sales, S845.
Car from Winters: Grapes— Tokay. $1@1 70,
average Jl 48 single crate. Peaches— Piquet's
Late, average 70c box. Pears— Bartlett, J2 oa^
3, average $2 72 box; half boxes, average Jl 35.
Gross sales. J12S5. ¦ • -
NEW YORK. Sspt. 5.— Porter Bros. Company
sales of California fruit: -'•>.*
California Fruit Sales.
Chief Justice W. F. Frear
Denies Truth of the
Report-
GOVERNOR DOLE
NOT TO RESIGN
PEKING, Sept. 5.— Li Hung Chang to
night notified .the foreign Ministers that
the imperial edicts providing for the sign
ing '. of the peace protocol had arrived.
This announcement, made immediately
after the settlement of the difficulties
which Prince Chun experienced before
going to Berlin, confirms the impression
here that the Chinese used the protocol
to indude Emperor William to waive the
kowtow ceremony. . '
CHINESE WILL SIGN
THE PEACE PROTOCOL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SEPTEMBER 6, 1901;
11
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. ¦
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily . • Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:ZH p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•' Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
"iFresno 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
".Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a .....:..
-" Visalia... 8:40 p ........ 4:4Sa
"Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 8:20p 7:30a ........
" Kan City ........ 2:40 a 7:30 a
"• Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
i a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9 a. m. train, Is the California Llm-'
ited; leaving Monday and Thursday- on' y
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnins
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
j .to Bakersfield for accommodation of ' local
first-class passengers. No, second-class
ticket* honored .on this train. . Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. .
- 4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local
"Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p m.
.daily. ¦ .- . •- : .-¦ ,-•;•¦- - _.
8:00 p. m.is the Overland Express with
through I Palace and | Tourist Sleepers 'and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at i Fresno
Corresponding ' train arrives , at 5 :55 p. m*
dally.> v r ,.. -^ ¦¦'¦ ¦-' •: '.'¦¦--. . . t :-/i.,'i
*7:20 a:-m. Is Fakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points : In San Joaquln Valley. , Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
- Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1113 Broadway.- Oak- :
land.- •¦•¦¦¦¦ • ¦ . ¦ . - . ¦¦¦¦.-.¦
aDr.Gifebon's Dispensary,
629 KEABSY ST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lest Mannood. Debility or
dlaeas* wearing: on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The DoctorciKes"wiiea
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Cnre«saaranlfed. Callorwma
Dr. J. I*. <UBEO.\. Saa Francisco, CaL _
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN £Y. CO.
L3SSSE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Fr>an:isj3 t.> 5>un r«aii»<.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. $:C0. 11:00 a. m.:
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at l:ii>
and 11:30 p. m. . . -
SUNDAYS-8:C0. $:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. rtt.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rai.i-I fnSnn Francisco.
¦WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:10, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and '6:35 p. m.
SUWDAYS-S:10, 3:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:10, 3:40.
S:05, 6:25 p. m. ¦
Leave I In Effect I Arriva
San Francisco. [April 23. 1901.) San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I | Sun- I Week
; Days. [ days. I Destination. . days. I Days.
7:30 ami 8:0C ami Novato. 13 :40 am 8.40 an*
8:30 pm] 9:30 arn[ Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:35 am
5:10 pmi 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
' Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburs. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyaervllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:33 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pmi 8:00 ami and TIkiah. | 7:35 pmj 8:20 pm
7:30 am! • 10:40 am!10:25 am
[¦ 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm]
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm | 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:13 ami 8:40 am
( and 1 I
5:10 pin 5:00 pm! Glen Ellen. I 6:03 pmf 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:23 am
8:30 pmf 5:00 pmf Ssbaartopol. | 7:35 pmi 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wea:
Springs and White SulDhur "Springs; at Fulton
for Altmrla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: »l
Geyservllle for Skagsa Springs: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Sprlnes. ICelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Eartlett
Springs: at Ufciah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley*s. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Helchts. Hullville. Orr's Hot -
'¦ Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragjr. West-
port. Usal. Wlllits, Laytonvilla Cummins.
Beirs Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at ra-
duc^d rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael, at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chrontcl*
buildins.
H. C WH1TTNG. H- X. RYAJff.
• Gen. Manr.ager. Gen. Pass. As*.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 19C1.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. *9:30 11 a. za.',
12:45, *1:45, 3:15. 4:15, 5:15. ••6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-^For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. «9:C0. *10:00, 11:00. 11:30
a.- m., 12:45. *l:30. 2:30. *3:45, 5:00. 6:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— *5:23,* 6:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10:13
a. m.. *12:25. 1:15. 2:20. *3:35t 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »8:00. 9:45, M1:00 a. m., *1J
m.. 1:00. 2:15. *3:30. 4:30. *5:45. 6:45. 7:30, 19:*»
p *m. - " *
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:45. «:45, 7:53. 8:53. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10. 5:20 p. m,
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:03, 11:10 a. m.. 12:13,
1:20 2:20. 3:45. 3:00, 6:15. 7:15. I0:30p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:13 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
S-00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and, way- sta-
tions.
10 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way sta-
tions. - .
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
TU SumUw rnrj—Wot or Market St.
DAYS..... TIJsp'S:
8:00 a. M.l - 12:15 r. u.
9:00a. U. :. 1:15 r.M.
10:00 a. M. I ATTNDATB < 3^0 p. sc
11:30 a. m. I SUNDAY* 4d»p. «.
130 p. M. 650 P. M.
2:SG P. M.J 7O0». K.
• Fire. Sta rnvctm •• Sommlt kb& letnni, tl.4»
Ticket Offices. '621 Market St., & Sansalito Ferry.
AISD SUPPLIKS.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for titss money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust;
_ all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
___-'___ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 31 (20 cents
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company., 327 Market St., on and after Tues-
day, September 10, 1901.' Transfer books
closed Wednesday, September 4, 1901, at 12
¦ o'clock m. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Co.. room
16, eecond floor. Mills buildlne, San Fran-
cisco, Sect. 3. 1901— Dividend No. 192 of 42
cents per share on the capital stock, of the
CONTRA COSTA WATER COMPANY will
be payable at the office of said company,
room 16, second floor. Mills building:, on Sept.
. 15, 1901. Transfer books will close on Sept.
9, 1901. at 3 p. m. . -
EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend. No. 33, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, 435 Califor-
nia St., San Francisco, on September 10, 190L
Transfer books close Sept. 3, 1901; at noon.
JULIAN SONNTAG. Secretary pro tem.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: . •
James Brown. S3,, city, and Sarah J. Crow-
ley, 28, Vallejo.
William* E'. Mlnaker, 34, city, and Mary F.
•HalEtead, 31, city.
Manoel B. Cornea, 28, San Mateo, and Leu-
rina Goncalves, 19. San Mateo.
Albert J. Martin, 26, 236 A Ninth street, and
Lillie E. Raleigh, 21, 613^ Stevenson street. .
Edward Michel, 21, 2721 Twenty-third street,
and Kathryne A. Tinunons 21, 1231 Filbert St.
Michael Keenan, 39, 678 Bryant street, and
Louis Jaris, 23. 678 Bryant street. -
George H. Carr;. 29, Portland, Or., and Edna
M. EIHb, 20, city.
Oscar F. Naucke, 36, San Jose, and Annie
T. Steneer, 86, San Jose.
Robert J. Bosques, 26, 807 Pacific street, and
Mary R. Peterson, 22, 807 Pacific street.
Robert U. Weiss, 24, 1268 Pacific street, anl
Josephine M. RIordan, 21, 2S71 Twenty-fourth
street. ,
Robert Kirschner, 31, 1413% Scott street, and
Lena Altmann, 21, 1026 Sutter street.
Richard Ma?ee, 24, 155 Potrero avenue, and
Ula B. Ballard, 18, 814 Bryant street.
Sanford O. Springer. 30, Berkeley, and Ar-
rella E. Domlny, 20, Los Angeles. <
Frederick M. Warren, 23, city, and Ethel
Reed, 22, city. : '
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriaKe and death •' notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In Tit either of the publication offices and b*
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. •
BARRY— In this city. August 24, 1901, to tha
wife of Georpe Bjirry, a son.
PEXDLETON— In this city, August 29, 1301, to
the wife of A. B. Pendleton, a son.
MAKEIED.
CURTZ— RAMM— In this city, September 4,
1901, by the Rev. William Rader. Henry
Weston Curtz of.Loope and Nettie M. Ramm
of San Francisco.
JAGER— ERX— In this city, September 3, 1901,
by the Rev. William . Rader, Will P. Jager
and Mattie R. Erx.
THOMAS-MORONEY— In this city, September
5, 1901, at St. Mary's Cathedral, by His Grace
Archbishop P. W. RIordan, Edward Bernard
Thomas and Marsaret Teresa Moroney.
VAHEY-ADLINGTON-In San Jose, Cal.,
September 5, 1901, John F. Vahey and Flor-
ence W. Adlington, both of San Francisco.
WOEXKE- BORCHERS— In this city, Septem-
ber 1, 1901. by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke,
Emil C. Woenne and Anna C. Borchers, both
of San Francisco.
DIED.
v Adams, Charles E. Irving, Washington
Allen, Nellie Luttringer, Joseph
Buell, Mary McCarthy, Timothy
Considine, Katie , McGUw. Elizabeth
Carrara, Guisepplna Manning, Agnes M.
Cassidy. John Ming, Mrs. Catherine
Fosgett, Caroline O'Neill, Theodore A.
Fceter, Arthur J. Ollva, Carlo
Frahm. Ernest H. Paris, Victor' J. A.
Frey. Frederick Powers. Catherine
Geishacker, Mary. Reynolds, Marsaret
Gerts, Mrs. Anna M. Reynolds, Marsaret
Hadnett, Jeremiah s Simpton, Frank P.
Hartter, Walter A. Taylor, Mary Ann
Hoffman. Alden F. ... 1 ,. \_ _ .^ ._ .
ADAMS — In this city, September 5, 1901,
Charles Edward, beloved son of George C,
and Mary A. Adams, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced 8 months and 10 days.
ALLEN— In this city, September 4. 1901, Nel-
lie Allen, beloved wife of Lumber Allen, a
• native of Maine, aged 58 years.,
E?FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maasfc, 917 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BUELL-;-In Oakland. September 5, 1901, Mary
Buell, ' a native of North Carolina, aged 81
. years and 15 days.-
CARRARA— In this city, September 3, 1901,
Guiseppina, dearly beloved wife of E. Yami
Carrara, beloved daughter of Mrs. A. Lauri-
cella and of the late Joseph Lauricella, and
sister of Joseph, Paul, Antonio, Ralph and
Kmilio Laurlcella, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aeert 31 years and 5 months.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at . 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother, 409V4 Greenwich street,
thsnee to New Italian Cemetery.
CASSIDY— In this city, September 6, 1901,
John, beloved • husband of Mattie Cassidy,
and father of Mamie, Leo and Irene Cassidy,
and brother of Michael Cassidy, a native of
San Francisco, aged 36 years and 1 month.
CONSIDINE— In this city, September 4, 1901,
Katie, dearly beloved sister of Patrick and
Delia Considine, and sister-in-law of the late
Maria Considine, a native of the parish of
Rawth, County Clare, Ireland, aged 21 years.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
i (Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors ot
: J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
j thence to St. Rose's Church, where a requiem
mass will ba celebrated for the repose of her
eoul, commencInK at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FOSGETT— In this city, September 5, 1901,
Caroline Fosgett, a native of New York,
aged 69 years 6 months and 22 days.
FOSTER — In Alameda. September 4. 1901. Ar-
thur James, beloved husband of Julia B.
Foster, and father of Kate B. and Wlnslow
Foster, a native of Dorchester, Mass., aged
52 years 1 month and 18 days.
(^"Funeral services at his late residence,
1731 Pacific avenue, Alameda, to-day (Fri-
day), at 2 o'clock. Interment private.
FRAHM— In. this city, September 5, 1901,
i Ernest H. Frahm, beloved son of Ernest and
I Minna Frahm, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 months and 3 days.
FREY— In this city, September 4, 1901, -Fred-
crick Frey, husband of the late Nellie Frey
and brother-in-law of Mrs. Henry Hanson'
a native of New York, aged 42 years 4
months and 25 days. (New . York papers
please copy.)
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company.
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to the Church of the Advent
Eleventh street, near Market, where services
will be held, .commencing at 2 o'clock. In-
' terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GEISHACKER— In thi« city, September 6, 190L
Mary, beloved wife of the late Matthias
Geishacker, and mother of Mrs. Kate Lof-
tus and the late Mrs. Annie Lyons, a native
of County Meath, Ireland, aged 65 years.
tty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:20 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, 517B Shotweli street,
thence to St. Charles Church, * where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GERTS— In - this city, September 6, 1901, Mrs
Anna M. Gerts, aged -63 years.
HADNETT— In this city, September 5, 1801
Jeremiah W., dearly beloved husband of
Annie Hadnett, and father of Annie, James
May, Kittle. Annie and Nellie Hadnett, a
native of County Cork, Ireland. »
CTNotlce of funeral. hereafter. *
HARTTER— In this city, September 4, 1901
Walter A., beloved son of Louis and Emily
Hartter, and brother of Louis H., Alfred M.,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st, opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. -'-_',.•
Mt. Olivet ''¦¦Cemetery;
San Mateo County. ' ;
OFFICE 816 MARKET STREET.
; ¦'¦¦-¦'• J." HENDERSON. Manager.
Eugene McGinn.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers, ¦ " -•
81 EDDY STREET. * >:. •
Telephone South . 252. • ; ¦ San Francisco.
_No_Connectlon With Any Other House.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS^
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager lor
the United Undertakers' Association: • M.
J. McBrearty, with the same company for
10 years; P.- F. Green, late with J. : C."'
O'Connor & Co., have ¦ opened new Funeral
Parlors at 1171 Mission street, between Sev-
enth and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
•Traina l«n« nml arc tin* to nrrlv* »•
MAN tlU.XCIVCO,
(Main Line. Foot of Market 3 tret 1) .
LEAYB — From Jclt 11. 1301. — ar*tt»
7:00a Benicia, Suisun, Chain tad Sacra-
mento...: Q:snr
7:00a VaciviUe, Winters, Ramsey.. ,. 7iASr
<i3Oa Martinez, 8su Ramon, Vallejo. Naps,
• Calistoga and Santa Koaa 6<23r
S:0Oa Datis, Woodland. Knigots Laadisj,
Marys»ille. Oro»i!ie.. 7iS-1f
8:OO* A tf antic Kxpresa— Ogden and East 1S>S3»
«:»«>* Niles. Lathrop, Stockton 7s33v
BiOOaNUes. Meodota. Hanfurd. VisalK
Porterrills 4:S3f
Si3» a Shaau Express— Datia, Williams (for >
Bartlett Springs). willows. Sad
Bluff, Portland. 7iO3»
•/••a San Jose, JJtennore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, FlacerrUle,
. Mary«Ule, Chloo. Ke<l Bluff 4it3r
BiF«a Oakdale, Chinese (Ycsemite). 8o-
nora, Cartera 4:S3*>
Ii«Oa Ha; ward. Nilrs and Taj Station*.. 1 1 :-"»5*
•»e«A VaUejo laiSSr
ttttUA Los Aagsles Express — Martinei. •- j ' •
Tracy. Lathrop. fitoekton. Merced
Vrasuo and l.cs Angales .- 7<33t
•iX»a Vallejo. Martinez auil Way Station 7i33r
IOiOUa The Orexland Limited— Ogden, Den.
ter, Oiuaha. Cfcicaco •<»3r
fliOOr Saerameuto Klter Btenmera fSiOttA
. SiSUr Hayward. Niles »nd Way Stations.. 7:33V
, «««»r UeDlcIa. Winters, Saoraiuento.
Woittlland. Knighti Landlug.
UiiTysTille, Orotille ¦•:S3a
4>«»r Martinez, Han Uainon. Yallajo.
Napa. OaliatoKa. 8a»U Rosa HiSSa
¦iiOOr Nile?, UTermore. Stockton. Lodl... ISiVSr
«iSup Hayward. Nile*, ban Jose. Llvermors tS:»3a
¦iSOr Port Cos-a, Tracy. La'.hrop. etocktoa 10i23a
SiOVP The Owl Limited— irssun, Tnlare,
¦. '.-. • -t Bakersfleld. Hangns tot Santa Bar-
bara, Los Augeles SsS9a
! •««•? Martin**. Antloch, Stockton, U«-
ced. Fresno 12:23r
»iO«f Yogemlta la«S5#
•jSOp New Orlaaos EzprMt— Meodota,
Fresno. Bakersoeld. Los Angeles.
Iteming. Et Paso, New Oileana
and East 7i83a
i •i»op nay ward. H'.ltt and Sau Jose. 7:35 4
1 f«i©or Val.'ajo 11>234
•t«or Oriental Mail— Of den. CbeyeaiM,
Omaha. Chicago :... »<S3r
titor Oriental Wall— Ogden. Peovsr.
8t. Louis. Chicago 4sS3v
ft««r Oregon and Callforuia ISxprass.Hss.
ritineiitu, Marjrsrille. KeiMhig,
PortUiul. Pnget Koimil «ii<1 V.*»% . »:33a
•••3r8ao Pablo. I'.rt Coata. UarUaas
and Way Statious 1 1:2',*
i Tallrjo " TzS-'Vr
COAST LINE (NarroiT Uanse).
. ¦ (Foot ot Miirket dtreal.) __V£>.
X 7i43a Santa Cruz Excursion to danta Cros ~"
aod Principal Way Stations JStO3»
•iI3a Newark, CV-it>.r»illf..Si-j. I u«e, Feltni).
Boulder C'rcek.ei-n ta Cruz and Way
stations a.sat
«*>ISr Newark Cenlerwille. 6an Jose. New
AlmailHU. Fultou. lioulder Creek.
Bantu Crux and Principal Way
Stations..- ISiAM*
4>ISp Newark. 8au' Jose. Los Onto* ts«no»
• «»l»p Olenirood.BonlderCreeh. 8»nt»Cro« «a»5<>4
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
mslAi F1ASCISC0— Pmi of Mirkit Strict (Slip 8>—
17:16 0:00 ll:00».ll. 1:33 3:03 3:13c*.
risaOlIUIS— fid •rBr»4«a;.— tlS:OO ta.OO t3:0I
I0:0Oa.u. 12:C3 8:03 t:C3r.M.
COAST LINE (Broad flange).
(Third nnd Townaeml SU.) ,
«:!«* San Jose and Way stations. .... ••»«*
t7:O4>A Ha» Jose nml Way bUUon I:HO*
/7<<>«A New AliiiH.ltii / «ilo*
{7<)><*a Snndaj Escnrslon for Saa Jcaa,
Santa Crux. PaciSo GroTs ana
Principal Way Stations ISiS*>»
••••a Sau Juaa. HolUster. Haute Oruc.
Pacllie Orom. Salinas, Saa Ltd* -¦-."'¦
Obispo. Santa B&rhar» and Pria- "
dpat intermediate .Station*. ....... 7:3n»
IOiSOa San Jcse aud Way Stations.. 6:3O*
11:SIIa »a:i Jim« mul Way Station* Aiilllf
1*i »3» Sau Mateo. Kadwood. M-nlo Park.
Pain Alto. Santa Clara, S*ii Jose,
Bolster, SauU Cruz. Sallnaa,
Monterey and Pacific Grove 1l0t49a
•iSOr 8an Jose. Tres Pinos. Santa Cruz.
Pacido Grore aud Way Stxtloiis 4:l«r
fitlttr 8au Josaand Principal Way Statious Ui-s3a
iStOOrSan Jose, Los Gatos aud Principal
Way 8Utioas 19:A0«
SiSOp C*n Jose aud Principal Way .Stations 8:36a
••VOr Redwood, San Josa, Gllroy. a <*Vv?f_
Santa Barbara, Las Angeles 10:03*
; VtBOr San Jose aud Way Stations f*:«<>*
«llt45p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30>
A for Morning. P for A f teruoon.
f Sunday ezcepted. t Snnda i only.
• Saturday only. . * Monday.
J.gaturday aBd Sundaj.^^/ Tuesdays and Fry aju.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, "from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
¦ Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
REYNOLDS— In the City and County Hospital,
September 5, 1901, Margaret S. Reynolds, a
native of Kentucky, aged 45 years.-
RIDYNOLDS — In this city, ¦ September 5, 190li
Margaret S., dearly beloved wife 1 of Horatio
J. Reynolds, a native of Rock Castle County,
Kentucky, aged 46 ' years 7 months arid 3
days.
SIMPTON — In Los Angeles, August 26. 1901,
Frank P. Simpton, beloved husband of Nel-
lie SiniDton, father of Walter and Harold
Simpton, and brother of Charles J. and
George W. Simpton. a native of San Fran-
_ cisco, aged 48 years.
"TAYLOR— In Oakland, September 4, 1901, Mary
Ann Taylor, beloved wife of William Tay-
lor, and mother of John and Thomas Tay-
lor, a native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 613 Adeline street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
JOSEPH F. BOLAND. Secretary.
POWERS— In this city, September 4, 1901,
Catherine Powers, beloved sister of Edward.
John, James and Mary Powers - of North
Bloomfleld, Nevada County, a native of New
York, aged 53 years.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are resaect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 33 Valparaiso street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of . his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cro5s Cemetery."
WASHINGTON Council No. 4. Young Men's
Institute— Members are hereby notified to
meet at 33 Valparaiso street to-day (Fri-
day), at S:43 o'clock, for the purpose of at-
tending the funeral of our late brother. Vic-
tor J. A. Paris. Fines for non-attendance
strictly enforced. By order of
WILLIAM J. DAVIS, President.
IC?Friemls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 36141,4 Sixteenth street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PARIS— In this city. September 3, 1901, Victor
J. A. Paris, dearly beloved son of Victor
and Madeleine Paris, and dearly beloved
brother of Madeleine M. and Leon ,C. Paris,
a native of San Francisco, ased 23 years 11
months and 3 days. >S'\
EJ^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of G. Iaccheri, 629 Broadway, be-
tween Stockton and Dupont streets, thence to
the Italian Church, Sts. Peter and . Paul's,
corner of Dupont and Filbert streets.
O'NEILL— In this city, September 5, 1901,
Theodore A. O'Neill, beloved husband of
Honorah O'Neill, father of Joseph A., M. C,
Mary Carmel and Annabell Victoria O'Neill,
beloved son of Samuel . O'Neill of Philadel-
phia, and beloved brother of Robert O'Neill
of Alameda, Cal., and Louis. Teresa and
Margaret O'Neill of Philadelphia, a native
of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 44 years 7 months
and 15 days. ¦
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-"morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late, resi-
dence, 912 Filbert street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, cor-
ner of Eighth and Jefferson streets, where a
solemn requiem high macs will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment St.' Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland. - '
MING— In this city, ¦ September B, 1901, Mrs.
Catherine Ming, a native of Germany.
OLIVA— Near Cloverdale, Cal., Carlo Ollva,
beloved husband of Delflna Ollva, beloved
father of Ida and Hugo Oltva, brother of
Andrea and Antonio Ollva and Mrs. G. Zolfo,
son-in-law of .Mr. M. and Mrs. C. Perpoli, and
brother-in-law of Attillo,- Mario and Ida Per-
polt and Mrs. A. Glnghanelll, a native of
Italy, aged 47 years.
- ID'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from 265 San Carlo*
avenue. Interment private, Mountain View
Cemetery: •
MANNING— In . Oakland, September 5, 1901,
Agnes M. Manning, dearly beloved sister . of
Mrs. James Mooney of Oakland, Mrs. M. A.
Long of Wisconsin, Mrs. E. Brownlee and
Mrs. F. T. Mason of Chicago.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a reauiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
private. Holy Cross - Cemetery. - •
McGAW— In this city, September 4, 1901, Eliza-
beth May, beloved child of Sidney and May
H. ' McGaw, a native of California, aged 3
months and 4 days.
tC^Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Exempt Fire Company are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday) ,"> at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Fireman's Plat, Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.— --¦..¦ ¦ - • -r; ;¦ ¦•: --'
LUTTRINGER— In this city, September 4, 1901,
at the residence of his brother, - 3558 Eight-
eenth street, Joseph, dearly beloved husband
of Anna Luttrinsrer, father of Mrs. Captain
James McKenna, and brother "of Catherine,
Emile, Charles and Alphonse Luttringer, a
native of- New York, aeed 65 years. (Santa
Rosa papers please copy.) '"' ...
ETInterment at Sea View, ( Sonoma County,
Saturday, September 7. '. - •
MCCARTHY— In this city, September 5, 1901,
Timothy, beloved brother of John McCarthy
of 1124 Harrison street, a native of the parish
of Mallow, County Cork, Ireland, aged 75
years. ..-, -. , . ',. ¦ " " - . ¦ -
Richard E. and Mildred '¦ Hartter. a native of
San Francisco, aged 22 years 7 months and
'21 days. '¦,¦".¦-..; .... : ;. - -. •;. \
¦ E2?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully . invited to attend . the , funeral to-day
(Friday), ' at 2 o'clock, from his late > resi-
dence, 818 Steiner street, between Fulton and
Grove. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery:;
HOFFMAN— In: Oakland, ' September 5, 1901,
Alden Fowler Hoffman, beloved son of Fred
A. and the late Clara V. Hoffman, a' native
of Oakland, aged 11 months and. 29 days.
IRVING— In ' this city, September 5, 1901,
Washington Irving, ¦ a ¦ native of Baltimore,
aged 66 years. •
RBAriESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
——FOR SALE NE^R^iAN~FRA^CISCO— ~
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. SC2 California st.. for pam-
phlets or information. '
CHOICE farm bargains; call or send for list.
Wooster. Whltton & Montgomery, 634 Market.
POULTRT and dairy ranches for sale: write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA- REAL ESTATE.
LOOK— For sale; house and lot, 7 rooms, bath;
2 "blocks from Park Bt. in Alameda: a bar-
gain; must be sold at once. Key at 815 Wash-
lngtonst., Oakland, owner.
FOR rent, furnished— Beautiful home of 9
rooms in best locality. Apply 1315 San An-
tonio ave.
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
? acquired by foreclosure: % cash. Bank of Ala.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE BOARD AND ROOMS.
LADY having a nice home would like elderly
lady to board; terms reasonable; references.
-Address C. G. P.. Frultvale, P. P.. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1800— IN "Piedmont; modern Eastlake cottage
of 5 large rooms; 2 bay windows, bath,- laun-
dry, high basement; lot 60x110 feet; eunny
side; elevated ground: choice location; right
near the cars; will be sold on monthly pay-
ments If desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Exclusive Agents for this Property,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— A bearing fruit ranch; must be a
bargain; buildings nc object: no trlflers. -
Send price and description to box 2304, Call
office. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURMTUHE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRVA^^llbX^^r7u^~or > 3^ronT furnished
rooms; complete for housekeeping; cheap.
FOURTEENTH, 216— Large, sunny front room
and kitchen, furnished for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1058— Room and kitchen for house-
keeping.
HYDE, 408— Sunny suite, complete for house-
keeping; gas stove; ?16; permanent people
only. ,
LINDEN AVE. 316. near Gough — 1 large eunny
front room; also single room; very reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 749— Front suite, four con-
necting or less; $12 to $1S; modern; phone.
j NICE front sunny room furnished complete for
I housekeeping: rent $2 per week. . Apply at
! shoe store. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d.
i -
OCTAVIA. 1403, corner Geary— Partly fur-
nished suite, with stove, bay window, $10.
POLK, 1002— 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
SILVER. 165. near Fourth— 2 cheap furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
SIXTH. 123Vj— Nicely furnished sunny rooms for
light housekeeping; quiet house; gas; cheap.
j SOLAR FLATS, 525 Turk— Fine; new; Chicago
Etyle; 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; electricity: janitor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109$
Valencia st. ~ - "-
| CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
j ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Infnrn.
AHLBORX HOTELS 321~Grant ave.— Best $1 a
j day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
j large rooms, 60c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms,
25c to ?1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle: take McAUlEter-st. cars. .
AT Shasta House, 246 Third — 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c. $1 to $3 week.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason St.— 100 newly fur-
nlshed rooms, $1 50 per week up; elevator,
electric lights in every room, return call bells;
first-class; quiet; central.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nished rms.. suites, .single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 210— Newly furnished single and double
rooms £6 up; central location.
EDDY. — Nicely furnished double room; rent
reasonable.
$1 10 WEEK— Large sunny furnished room;
closet: bath. Call by 8 p. m. at 834 Folsom sL
; GEARY. 405. The Navarre — Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1137, bet. Van Ness & Franklin— Newly
furn. sunny rooms, en suite or single; bath.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
et., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing, elegantly furnished; strictly first-class ;
EOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
i take Market-st. cable cars to Turk et.
JONES. 305 — Nicely furnished sunny suite; also
single rooms; bath and telephone.
MARKET. 1013 /New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET. 1055, opp. Jones — Upstairs furnished
rooms; for transient; for travelers; baths.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness — Suites new fur.; single rooms. $10 up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 776— Large eunny bay-window
parlor: also large double room.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, -smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to J20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— FurnlsRed or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 12T near Sixteenth— Furnished
front room. tZ 60 per month.
STEVENSON, 511, near Sixth— Front sunny
I single room, $5 a month.
STOCKTON. S32— Nice sunny clean suites and
elngle rms.; run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
STOCKTON place. 10, off £fant ave., near Sut-
ter— Single rooms fromifc top.
TAYLOR, 106— Double and single beds, Jl 50
week; other rooms, 25c, per night.
TAYLOR. 238— House Just furnished new; choice
rooms from $8 up.
THE BERLIN, 238 Kearny— Elegant suites;
single rooms: running water; transient.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
California, 807— Stevenson mansion: select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House) — Sunny con-
servatory suite; splendid for gents; board.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished parlors,
all conv., sunny suites; best table board.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite: beautiful grounds.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
WANTED— Room and board, private family,
by young gentleman. CHARLES AVERILL,
222 Mason St. «
~~ ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG lady would like inexpensive room In
private family. Box 138. Call. ¦ ¦ ¦
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery Bt.. rooms 8-10. tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary. 614 Pine.-
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, eold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates :phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
. STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell. Bts. ; tel. Main 6713. ¦
GOLDEN WEST Storage' Warehouse, 840 ' Mls-
tlon st: tel. Howard 94L F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel.' Main 1840; chipping at cut rates. •
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore et. ; phone Jackson 2SL
i J^- SI - CAL Iy STRP3IEXTS.
j^he zeno m Mn r Aii~Muiic~cai "'
769 Market st_.
San Francisco. Cal.
T\ e are going to celebrate our twenty-fifth
anniversary in a short time, and we are go-
frg to present to the public the finest line
cr pianof that have ever been shown here.
\\ e hnve on our floors a great many fine tn-
etrumcnts ttat we are Koine to clear oil eo
as to make room for the goods that are to
arrive shortly.
Come ir and let us show, you these fine
pianos and also let us tell you the price.
i1 won v. t pu * P rices In here because we are
felling these Specials bo close, but don't miss
come and take advantage of this
A piax^* za FOK EXAP hunters:
1 good upright, $33; 1 better $85
I good grands. J175, flS5
5 uprights, $135. $155. $183. $190, $19S.
Also Conover. Stelnway. Weber. Vose, Curtas
ORGAN? r ° S " Pease - sta adard. little used. '
1 6-stop. $39; l 7- stop $44.
1 T-Etop, flS; 1 fine like new, $64
1 2-manual. $75; 1 36-stop. Liezt style
.^atcn £. Hamlin. very fine $150 -v J
Easy payments. EENJ. CURTAZ & SON
\l £r*™2 St ; Chicke '»ng Agency. '
M.COO sq. feet; largest and oldest piano house.
ALL pianc» Durchased or SHERMAN CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
J years from Gate of purchase, and have fun
price allowed. New upright piano" $6 ~ r
month: some good pianos sold for S3 St £ni
J5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutler
A^agef f MJS^SSr&i
makes. Includlne Hallet-Davis; ereit bar-
gain hst, $50 up; Stelnway. J1S5 up- Fischer
IU0; Chickerin*. $1C5 : 20 other?, rents J5 up-
great :nflucemeat» to ngents. 217 Geary st.
AS 7^? iXJ Z° sold by us takel » back any tim»
tvlihin 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
Everett. Hardman. Packard.
' l£%u5i?y?Y. o ? b * t ? : M aiffe rent factories re?
R ATIT-V rn**™*?.* r etal1 - THE WILEY
B. ALLEN CO.. S33 Market 8t. (opp Mason)'
branch store. 851 Broadway. Oakland. » '
ATTENTION-. PIANO BUYERS!
m!* m *T;,,F y <r? , Mau «y. Gabler. Lester. Ham-
Jlt'.n and Spieltnan r;anos to be ha3 new
only nt BTRON MAUZT'S. 2CS. ao. "it Pot?
A H£H: TE , eacrlfice-Fine large S-pedal up-
r/c*3r LarkTri. leaVi " g cKy - ™ OTarrell £
ANOTHER clear.ing-out eale'of storage piano*
mr,nv« a fi '^ : tS Installments: no resen-e!
TWLPON S STORAGE CO.. 170S Market St.
ETEINWAY. $:00: Hartman $100; elegant new
pianos, mo pp. TV. c. Hamnton! S Fl?od b"d'£
ELEGANT r^'ano ar good as new: standard
ir.ake: « sacrifice. Horaung't tie McAllister.
A «L££££f€l: ? Turl S "- near Market-
hr.CT.ir.ccr. gchubcrt and Steir.way bargains.
J:^. AX ° upward-Fine uprights. PIERCE'3
Piano Factor^-. Market. Kth and Church Mm.
LEFT on Fale. IT5 mahogany case Fischer ud-
right piano. Room SS. 217 Geary st.
ELEGANT new uprlcht p'.anos for rfnt. $3 rer
mo. PCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes!
SrPERlOH violins, zithers. cM and new. 57 j
MtXtFR. rraker. repairer. 2 Latham place. I
Oil,.
OIL tar.ks. Feconrl-har.d. In good order; all
Fizpy fhPan. H. S TTTTTTT:. SIS Mission sb
PALMISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palnTisTTheaoTandrface
t reeding: lessons given. £17 Jones st '
! j
PHYSICIANS AXO SCBGEO.XS.
VK.cT^Q^XXKiA^Olfice and resTaencel
1021^ Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor successfully
treats all diseases of the human bodv- see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr." Ellis. 1
1 * __ - i
A— DR. W0N.G WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium. 1
.64-766 Clay st. : see testimonials at office. :
DR. XG TOY KEE, OB Stockton St.. opp.
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs. j
! !
E^^i^il?! 1
HENRY MAYER, the well-known artist tailor I
and cutter, has severed his connection with I
the HENRY MAYER Tailoring Company. He I
is located at the Thurlow block; the eleva-
tor man will direct you to his elegant rooms' '
they are *H. H. G. & F"; respectfully bo- I
!ie:ts friciidg and i:>atrons. H. MAYER. I
IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call !
en DR. G. S. MOCRE. 332 O'Farrell st.. and !
you will not be disappointed: this remedy i6 i
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts cf th« world: call or send for circular.
"WANTED— A rich young lady who Is the onlr
child in family to wed a rich young man who
is a.l«o an only child. Box 137. Call.'
TURKISH baths and scientific massage given !
by a Swedish nurse: ladies and gents. 231 i
Taylor st., over fruit store; hours 10 a. m. to '
i P. ci. ... j
£>O you write ads? Send address to-day on
your business stationery for Invaluable In-
formation free. Harper Syndicate, Columbus,
Ohio.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to SI 50 per night; Jl 50 to $6 per. week;
tree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
tl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. Sla up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
ment overcoats. S13 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117 !
Market Ft., between Seventh and Eighth. j
WHITE rnamel Iron beds single, three-quarter I
or double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING j
CO.. 12:0-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway. j
<£ 4.NITARITJM, Turkish bath? and^ massage;
f Felect patror.F. E. HALPH, L'6 Eddy et.
TBOV.'LING— New Fourth-st. Bowling Alley;
open day and night. SO'.i Fourth st.
LADIES— Get fr"e trial Dixor.'s Hair Remover;
perrr.ar.fnt. ?35 Market; sample mailed 25c.
OBESITY cured : no dieting; no weakening. THE
A' VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia St.. bet. ISth and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; £3e; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
heir to its natural color: $!: at all druggists.
ETTPERFLUC!JS !;sir and ttkmps u««troyea with
jtlfctric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter Bt.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 60.
Mitfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
boueht. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes.' play books wigs; j
country orders. COLriPTKTN * CO.. "S3 MVt.
PLAMXG A\D TTOXIXC MILLS.
WOOD end Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
REAL . ESTATE CITY FO R SALE.
OWNERS of property or lota north of. Vallejo
and west of Hyde as far as Presidio and In
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who want to sell, -call on
XV. J. GUXN, 530 California et.. S. F. Sav-
ings Union building. •¦¦¦.¦¦.'
OWNERS of property on Valencia, Guerrero
cr Mission etc 'who wish, to sell call on W.
. J. GUKNi £30 California gt.
tlX, eeven and elrbt room cottages; also two
flat houses In block between 17th. 18th, Castro
1 end Jfoe eta.: H. cash, balance monthly pay-
reentc; Caetro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. XEL-
"eOK. builder.
IF you want to Fell your real estate, city or
country, bring It to
THE FHELPS-LEWIS CO.-.
¦'¦ -T- ;;.-. 702 Market St.. S. F.
heal Testate — co J2Ji^ Y r3S!?5L£^!5
FOR~leaEe^^l0 acres -of reclaimed tule lands
on Middle River, immediately south of the
Santa Fe Railroad, and extending for five
and one-half miles along the railway line
arid for five miles on Middle River.
The lands are thoroughly reclaimed, with
large and substantial levees and an exten-
sive system or large drainage and irrigation
ditches Have Eir good houses and barns
already built, and lumber on the ground for
four more houses and barns.
The railroed and river afford direct and
competitive freight and passenger communi-
cation with Ean Francisco and Stockton and
intermediate points, by railroad being only
a. half hour from Stockton and three hours
from Ean Francisco.
For lease for term of years either as a
whole or In large tracts.
Offers lor leasing these lands will be re-
ceived at the offices of the company up to
12 o'clock noon, Saturday, September 14, 1501.
The company reserves the rigrht to reject
any or all bids. Call or address
CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA LAND IM-
PROVEMENT CO.,
Room No. 6, Tenth Floor, Mills, Bids.,
San Francisco. ;
SPECIAL bargain— 160 acrei land, near Yuba
City Butter County, short distance from
Marysvllle; all rich valley land under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced: this land will be eold In -whole or In
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; sood
buildings- ¦well fenced; 6hort distance from
Yuba City, Eutter County; will be sold in
> "-hole or in part to suit purchaser, and at an
/ *rtremely low price. The 'two above pieces
• are situated in the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be »een to be appreciated. A If contemplating
purchasers will address box <9S0, Call office,
tor iBforoiatlos a bargain will be riven.
.RAILWAY TBAVEL.SOME LIFE STUDIES OF -THE LAST WITNESS .CALLED IN THE DIM
': .<; MICK EXAMINATION ' AND ..THE MAN' WHO HAS BEEN ENGAGED
,'.;' TO AID THE 'PROSECUTION. .' .; ; ..:,_,..,.. r
and Washington to be absent from the
Mint at the same time.
' The' continuation ' of the hearing was
then adjourned until next Tuesday at 10
o'clock. ; .: *;v
Loyal Legion Reception.
The California Commandery of the Loy
al Legion will hold a reception and ban
quet : on Wednesday evening, -the 11th
inst., at the Occidental Hotel In honor of
Major General Samuel B. M. Young, U.
S.'.'A. .'.'-. -*,..:.- v
He did as he was told. He made entries
from slips' of -paper, but could not, of his
own knowledge, explain more about them
than that they had to be:made.
The. question of carrying-over accounts
Raynor Sharp, who has .been, detailed as
chief examiner of -customs' at
was presented yesterday/by his fellow, ex
aminers with a gold watch, appropriately
inscribed, as a testimonial of their esteem.
He will leave on the Simmer next'Thurs
day for his new station.
Customs Official Complimented. I
¦* TTORNET COLLINS, counsel for
A Walter N. Dimmick. the ex-.
J—\ chief clerk "of the Mint, now un-
A j\ der examination before United
States Commissioner Heacock on
a charge of embezzlement, yesterday con
tinued his campaign of exploration i into
the methods of. doing business which have
prevailed at the Mint during.Superinten
dent Leach's incumbency, ¦•v?
Cashier's Clerk Frank B. Washington
was' the- only' witness examined, v He. was
put on the stand for the defendant, but
did not throw much light on the situation.
His examination was comparatively brief
and. his cross-examination much shorter.-
He was taken over the now familiar,
ground of the history of United States
exhibit A; the voucher for $498 37, upon the
manipulation of which the present charge
against Dimmick is based. He testified
to this voucher having been counted as
cash during the month of April, 1900. He
told of Dimmick's taking it up. He knew,
the transaction" was irregular, but did not
remember how he came by the know
ledge or whether Dimmick or Cashier
Cole had ever spoken to him about it.
He told of that depositary . for every
thing miscellaneous, the safe in the cash
ier's office, and called attention to envel
ope receptacles for official vouchers and .
private memorandum books for official
records. • . "¦-
In his capacity as clerk, Washington
was not informed as' to the sources • o#
various transactions and orders,, he said.
The only blusterer from which a brave
man will take a blow is the wind.
Southern Pacific will sell tickets Sep
tember 6, 7 and 8. good on any train, re
turn limit Tuesday. September 10, to Lake
Tahoe and return for $10.80. Stop at any
lake resort. Fine fishing, boating, moun
tain climbing, hunting, etc. Best time to
be in the mountains. Ask for folder 613
Market street.
Excursion to Lake Tahoe.
George Robinson, a dapper . young man
of 18 years, who hails from the sunny
South, trotted j a merry heat over the
primrose path Wednesday evening, but
the brakes .were put on him out at Su
tro baths while *ie was reltlng tales of
the South to two young ladies.
C. A. .Worth, a boss drayman at 31S
Market street, appeared upon the scene
with his two sons and brought Robinson
up with a sharp turn. They ruthlessly
dragged him from the young ladies, and
Worth senior charged him with having
embezzled $97 73 of his funds.
Robinson, who had been in Worth's em
ploy for but one day, admitted . his guilt
and accompanied the drayman and his
sons to their residence at 1199 Golden Gate
avenue. ¦ >.*-.
Here he was made a prisoner for the
night. He was promised freedom, accord
ing to his story, if he would return the
money or induce his friends to make good
his deficiency. The young fellow had
spent most of. the money and his friends
failed to respond to his call for aid. Then
he sent a telegram to his father, who is
a business man of St." Augustine, Fla.,
explaining his predicament, and while
awaiting an answer the Worths, he says,
held him prisoner in the parlor of their
residence. The sons alternated as- his
guard during the long night.
"At. 8 o'clock yesterday morning his guard
felfhunger gnawing at his vitals and aft
er locking the door repaired to the dining
room. Robinson, who had been feigning
sleep, took advantage of the opportunity
offered for escape. . He raised a window,
jumped. into the garden -and then set sail
down Golden Gate avenue.
The Worths were. not slow to learn of
his escape and went Jn pursuit of the
young embezzler, shouting "Stop thief!"
Their cries attracted the attention of two
policemen, ;who captured the fleeing
Southerner and .led him to the Central
Station, where. he was later in the day
booked for felony embezzlement.
Sportive women and an appetite for
wine caused Robinson's downfall, but the
strangest part of the whole story is the
fact that; Drayman Worth would entrusl
his funds to a perfect stranger. He want
ed a collector and a special policeman
who is guarding one of his drays recom
mended Robinson. The young fellow start
ed out Wednesday in his patent leather
shoes, adorned with startling red laces,'
to collect Worth's bills. He made a few
collections and turned -the money over to
his employer. •
This fact insured Worth's confidence, so
he gave Robinson another batch of bills
to collect. When he failed to return that
afternoon Worth divined that something
was wrong, so he and his sons played de
tectives and prison keepers with the re
sult stated.
Robinson, who is evidently of good fam
ily and breeding, says he was never in
trouble before and cannot explain why
he was tempted to appropriate his em
ployer's funds. The • solution apparently
rests in his infatuation for Louise Hayes,
a young woman residing at a Market-
Street rooming house. For her he
says he spent most of the money, and
also declares he gave her $25 to keep for
him. The woman, who appeared at po
lice headquarters last night shrouded in
a Raglan coat, denies his assertions. The
Worths refuse to discuss the case.
Hartman when seen at his home last
night denied that he had embezzled. He
referred his interviewer to Secretary Mar
liave. He admitted, however, that he had
resigned his position as collector of the
club.
Hartman's mode of withholding the
money was a simple one. Whenever he
collected dues instead of turning: the
money In he would 'inform Secretary Mar
liave that the member was not In when
he called.
Secretary Marliave replied that there
must be some mistake, as his books did
not show that the August dues had been
paid. The member, to prove his assertion,
went to his ofllce and found the receipt,
which was turned over to the secretary.
Hartman's attention was called to the
omission and lie weakly tried to explain
the matter. An investigation into his ac
counts proved him to be a defaulter and
he was threatened with imprisonment.
Hartman told Ihe secretary it was not his
Intention to embezzle the money, and that
he had simply used It to 'assist certain
friends who were pressed for coin.
Hartman's embezzlement would not
have been discovered had not a member
gone personally to the secretary and paid
his September dues. He was then in
formed that his August, dues were still
unpaid, and was greatly surprised. He
said he had turned the money over to the
collector on August 1 and had his receipt
to prove his assertion.
¦vThen charged with the offense Hart
man admitted his embezzlement but
pleaded for mercy. He promised to re
pay the money taken, and on this
promise alone was he permitted to escape
prosecution. Having reimbursed the club,
he was told that his services as collector
would no longer be needed, and then he
resigned. j •
Hartman had been employed as collector
for a year and each month handled many
hundreds' of dollars. It was his duty to
visit the places of business of the mem
bers and collect their dues. Each night
he would turn over the money collected
to Edward C. Marliave, manager of the
club. The latter would then credit the
members in his books. This plan has been
followed ever since the organization of
the club, and no fault has been found
with the system until a week ago. when
It was discovered that the collector was
withholding sums of money. for his own
use.
Emil H. Hartman, a collector for the
Saa Francisco Club, who lives at 1634
Howard street, violated his trust and was
forced to resign his position a few days
ago. He was short a few hundred dollars
in his accounts, and but for the. kindness
of friends who reimbursed the club Hart
man might have been p-csecuted for his
unlawful act.
When Exposed He Is Forced
to Resign Position of
Tmof
Imprisons George Robinson
to Compel Him to Dis
gorge Money.
C. A; Worth Uses Dras
tic Measures on an
Embezzler.
Emil H. Hartman Nar
rowly Escapes Being
Prosecuted.
CLUB COLLECTOR
WITHHOLDS MONEY
MAKES PRISON
OF HIS PARLOR
FIRST CASE AGAINST DIMMICK
TO END WITH NEXT HEARING
Examination Before. 'United States Commissioner Heacock, but
7- Throws Little. Light- on the Defendant's . Money Transactions
Cashier's Clerk Frank -B. Washington Takes the Stand in the
BUYING TITLES
IS EXPENSIVE
Attorney Short Throws
Some Hot Shots at
Railroad.
Oil Case Is Now Under Ad
visement by Commis
sioners.
Attorney Short, representing the oil peo
ple of Bakersfleld, closed his case yes
terday before- the Railroad Commission
ers. At the end of the attorney's remarks
Commissioner Kdson i said that as there
was considerable evidence to go over, a
decision would not be reached until the
next meeting of the Railroad Commis
sioners on October 8.
To those who are opposed to corpora
tions and railroad combines the closing
argument of Attorney Short would have
been a real treat. He scored the South
ern Pacific In broad terms and said that
the company had in the past, and would
in the future, charge the people of Cali
fornia, as long as they could, all they
thought they would pay without rebel
ling. .
He fired a parting shot at the Hunting^
tons which caused a hearty laugh. He>
replied to Attorney Norton's remark that
the railroad magnates found plenty of
ways of spending money, which they ob
tained from the public by imposing un
just rates.
"What do they do with their money?"
said Short. "Why they build magnificent
residences which they never live in. and
then, when their daughters and nieces
marry European princes It costs them
money."
Attorney Short appeared to take a
strange dislike to Solicitor Norton, who
represented the Santa Fe Company. Nor
ton criticized Short's arguments and
wound up by saying: "Mr. Short is young
and has not had much experience In the
legal profession."
Attorney Short told the Railroad Com
missioners that the oil men had kept
away from the investigation as he con
sidered that their presence would have
no effect either way. He referred to the
wheat rate from Ogden west, which ho
said was absurdly small in comparison
with the present oil rate charges from
Bakersfleld to this city.
EXTRA SWEET WINE
G-AiTTGERS APPOINTED
Internal Revenue Collector, Lynch re
ceived yesterday from the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue at "Washington a dis
patch announcing that the ten men at the
head of the civil service eligible list have
been selected a3~ gaugers in the sweet
wine department for Mr. Lynch' s district.
The names heading the list are as fol
lows: Richard J. Curtln. Virgil F. Partch.
Ulysses S. Parsons, Robert E. O'Neill,
Michael McCarthy, George L. Emerson.
James A. Dou?lass. Joseph P. McQuaid.fr
Fred r>. Ritchie and Henry J. McMahoa."
AUDITOR ANGERS
CITY TREASURER
Brooks Claims Right to
Recognize All Court
Orders.
Says Wells Is Ignorant of the
: Amendment Passed by
Legislature.
l
City and County Treasurer Brooks is up
in arms against Auditor Wells because
the latter official stated yesterday that he
would hold the former personally respon
sible for paying two court orders which
did not bear the Auditor's signature.
Brooks asserts that he has acted within
the law, and • Incidentally remarks that
"Wells is ignorant of an amendment adopt
ed at the last session of the Legislature
which empowers the Treasurer to pay
orders for repairs or improvements to
courtrooms- which have been certified by
Superior Judges without the signature of
any other official.
The controversy between the two of
ficials named originated over the payment
of two demands of the Golden Gate Elec
trical Company for electrical work in the
chambers of Judges Lawlor and Cook.
Brooks believed that he had the right to
pay the demands on presentation under
the amendment numbered 144 of the stat
utes and amendments to the Political
Code, which reads as follows:
If suitable rooms for holding 1 the Superior
Courts and the chambers of the Judges of said
courts ere not provided In any county by the
Supervisors thereof, together with the attend
ants, furniture, fuel, lights and stationery
sufficient for the transaction of business, the
courts or the Judge or Judges thereof may
direct the Sheriff of the county to provide such
rooms, attendants, furniture, fuel, lights and
stationery, and the expenses incurred, certified
by the Judge or Judges to be correct, are a
charge against the county treasury and must
be paid out of the general fund thereof.
The demands called for $4S2, and Brooks,
deeming them exorbitant when they were
first presented, thought it best to refer
the holder to the Board .of Supervisors.
After the demands had been before sev
eral committees the board on their recom
mendation rejected them, as it had not or
dered the work. The demands were then
returned to Judges Lawlor and Cook, who
directed City Electrician Hewitt to in
quire into the actual cost of doing the
work. Hewitt scaled the bills down to $302
and they were forwarded by Judge Law
lor to Brooks, with a personal communi
cation certifying that the charge •was
proper. On that showing Brooks paid the
demands, as he had a perfect right to do
under the amendment just quoted. The
statutes provide that the Treasurer has
power to pay court orders without neces
sitating the Auditor's signature thereto,
and he will continue to do so when they
are presented to him.
Free Day at Art Institute.
The Mark Hopkins Institute of Art will
be open to the public free of charge to
day from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m., and in the
evening from 7:30 to 10 o'clock.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1901.
Decrees of; divorce were, granted yes
terday | to Daisy, S. j Bruid from Walter. F.
Bruid'. for : desertion, , Lillian G.- Daven
port from William ,T. Davenport for; cru-
; elty ,'¦¦ and Mary : G. v Gathie" from "John W."
Gathie ; for ¦ failure - to . provide. ;' Suits - for
divorce '• have 'been; filed -by- John ; Throp
' against ¦ Eleanor .Throp ' for . cruelty, ; Matil
da -L. '" Stanton; against ; Edward J.^Stan
ton for cruelty, and Alice : Valiant against
Frank ' P. '.Valiant , for. failure ¦ to ] provide.
In the Divorce Court.
The Forty-second district ] delegates to
the ; Republican municipal convention met
last.' night.arid organized by the "election
of W. H. ¦"= R. McMartin, | chairman, and
Walter S. ' Brann secretary. 3 The ; delega
tion endorsed Thomas D. - Riordan for
chairman of the convention.' ¦». There -will
be a* general conference of i independent
and: anti-boss delegates this evening at
Native - t Sons' Hall, on Seyententh street,
near. Valencia, i •' ' • . -' -
Republican . Conferences.
Young Couple Are Married by Arch
bishop Riordan and Will Visit
'¦¦ ¦'¦ ,S Southern California.
.¦¦The wedding' of, Mrs. Margaret Moroney
and Edward .; B. /-Thomas yesterday at St.
Mary's Cathedral was, witnessed by a
large number "of : their . friends. The cere
mony s was •performed by his Grace .Arch
bishop Riordan. -
Thejbride. is immensely.' popular in this
city- and has entertained quite extensively
,at her -home, 2018 Van Ness, avenue. -Mr.
i Thomas holds /a responsible position in
'the^Hibernia-Bank and has-been an ac
tive member of the Young Men's Institute
,f or. many years. ; He was' formerly em
. ployed in the Auditor's office under the
"administration of -William Broderick.
¦ The happy oouple left for an extend
ed tour of. Southern California.. They ex
pecf to be gone several weeks. .
MOBONEY-THOMAS WEDDING :
' AT ; ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL
Attorney Collins asked for an adjourn
ment until he could secure the attendance
of Cashier Cole, from whom he wanted
a few rays of light. As far as the de
fendant was concerned, he , said, the next
hearing .would : finish I the - case. Cashier
Cole would have been- on hand, he said,
but it would be irregular for both 'Cole
from month to month was touched on.
Here again Washington wj ls unable to
shed much light. He knew it was dona
but could not say "how frequently. When
it was done, he said, authorization reach
ed the cashier's office through" Dimmick.
Special counsel for the prosecution, S.
C. Denson, dropped in during the exami
nation but ' took no part in the proceed
ings. The 'cross-examination of the wit
ness by United States Attorney Marshall
B. Woodworth was brief and brought out
nothing of ¦ importance.
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The balance of the week— This Day (Friday)
and Saturday— will be devoted to reception and show
days of Fashion's finest in Millinery for the early au-
tumn and fall in the spacious millinery department of
R. D. Davis & Co. Every woman in San Francisco
should be interested in this, for no article of woman's
dress is. more important than the hat, and this sea-
son ushers in some wonderfully beautiful modes
effects grand and exquisite. They're all here— both
the imported and - the productions from our own
workrooms — home genius quite the equal of the
models. An unusually wide range, of .original ideas
representing true millinery elegance and sensible
price economy. You are cordially invited to come,
view this array of correctness and .exclusiveness the
equal- of which will not be seen elsewhere in our city.
Our
Fall Millinery
Opening.
Ri D. DAVIS & CO.
.-©'¦¦-¦- . -••'•¦- ¦¦-¦¦'•
Cor. Geary St. and Grant Ave.
An Important Event!
, i ¦ H- R. BRADFORD. General Manager.
7. North Market et., Ean Josa.
Prospectus and exhibits at branch office. 412
Rearny St., San Francisco. *
P. DE FREITAS. Agent.
¦ To raise money to build a large furnace on
this mine we -will sell treasury ' ctock for COo
per Ebire until farther notice, - Silver Creek
Quicksilver lllninz Co. stock Is all sold and
lEeued, and we are now producing quicksilver.
Investigate this offer.
SAN BENITO CO.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
MEN WANTED.
Hunters Point
] Drydock.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIGS CIGARETTES.br POWDER
B SS,'ii^,SfefeSgff B^'* 0lkl
VittlL -nUIHL^-o ve^ats^d
valises checked free.
Seeidencc Telephone James 1501.
WmW. rr. hess,
KOTABY FDBLIO AND ATTOBNEY-AT-LAW.
Ccnth Floor,* Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
- Telephone . Main 933. .
Residence. S21 C&lifomia st.. below Powell.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlea Lists Mailed
on Application. ;
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahl*
& Co. (est'd. 1852), 409 Market St.; uooa ln-
staJlment or rented: also beer apparatus.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON.
J C.WII SAV * m 9 00 Battery Street, j
<- W- W1LOUM tt CU-. Telephone Main iSSt. .
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JiS. ROYFS & CO SMPPin? Butchars. 104
JAJ» HVirjtt WU- ciay. Tel. Main 1234.
. . OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS, j
418 Front «fc. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
LUBRICATING OILS. £NSIGN & McGUF-
FICK. 23 Spear St.. S. F. Tel. Main 5330.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Jr P.AWA1NF 64 ° GOLDEN GATE AVE.
• W- nUJlAlHC, Telephone Howard 1915.
Pioneer Di»y Goods Store.
Sells Ladies' and Children's Hose 5c a pair'
Ladies* Linen Skirts, J3c; Men's Fine Dresi
Shirts, worth <1. for 40c. at 105 Firth street.
PRINTING. ~ "
E. G HUGHES, m s L^ m T e*£ «. y .V
. PRINTERS,. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JTJDD CO.."
; . . 23 First atreet. Saa Fraaciaook
MILLINERY
OPENING,
Fall and Winter Season,
TO-DAY & TO-MORROW, ;
September 6th and 7th.
Our French pattern Hats and
Bonnets,, also . elegant \ creations
from; our workroom, are ready
for your inspection. All invited;
no one expected to purchase. •
: . M 8O8;market : St:,\:
;.! /." phelan v building: ¦-¦
Robert Wallace
Manufacturer of Fur Garments.
Remodeling at Moderate Prices,
Special To-pay,..' Friday.
The following Paragraphs and Prices are for Big Business to-day.
Will they get your trade?
X UJl JL^ r WjLy£l£ 4. A 1 1 %* &. A il* -
Prices that show econoroy.
Cut prices that cut com- -j^CKj^V^
petition an Object Lesson MuU\\wHl^ *
in Scientific Shopping. -- isisa 'l !v I» V \\ '' ¦ 1
Irresistible Iteros tochaio VllJ^lfe
every WoroarTs attention. ®^K&Jl' iSl'/lJ I /'^^
Read! Think! Act! *fi*VJSffl\ \WI vttl I VW^
neous response to our an- r±^k>P®&\* ® I WsMu, V /F\
nouQceroents. WemaKe / ) J^m^^JB. M|l U / N
shopping profitable to you. / / jiiBg^sSS^^pJ/ 1 M A \
The new store is the / / \^^^^^^^S^^^raSa /\ Y
liveliest establishment in \ \ 3^^«« " ?K$ft*rlr<£^
town. Electric Specials \£fezt$3% A/^l'^X
thrill business to the core /§MP&g: \^ I \
and overshadow all con- / . \ ¦ I \
temporary sales. I^ead / . \ / V
and judge for yourself. . . -\ ' >
To electrify trade to-day tlje following offerings eclipse our
best past specials:
Imitation Mink Scarfs, cluster of tails, reg. $ 3.50— to-day..$ 1.75
Rock Marten " " •• . •• 3.75— •• ... 2.50
Black Marten " •• •« •• . 7.50— •• 5.00
Black Marten " v"/ ; : " '•¦ 8.50— " 6 50
Miok " " " : " 10.00— •• .6.50
MlQk ;; " " '• 12.50- " . 7.50,
Mink " •• .... 14.50— •• . 8 50
Genuine Stooe Marten " " ','•"' 15.00— " .10.00
Aninjol Boas. Browi) Sable Dyed Fox, reg. $20 00— to-day $12 50
"¦ Blue Dyed Fox •• 25.00- " ". 16.50
" PoiotedFox •• 30.00- " ... 20.00
Aod a grzat rnany otber genuine bargains in oeckwear.
Reroember your dollar goes further bzre— it buys most io quan-
tity and quality. .'-*¦. • •
219 Grant Avenue.
Pleasant
Hours
Swiftly Flying— • 5 I '
Those spent on the '• >
California Limited :
as. it rushes and races
across the ¦ country from i
San 'Francisco to Chicago
in 75;hours. - f ,
Leaves San Francisco at *
9 a. m. . every Monday
and Thursday on the . j
•¦¦-¦. '. £
fit - -•TV""" -¦ . -
I "Get a c-—o>-
r- New Suit
iigl . that will give yon
gfifi perfect satisfaction
IH e * iour * ou
WfW__ P ut it on imt^ ** * s
RF^ worn' out. These:
IH suits w.e ; make to .
h| order are .."built 911 ..horn-.
H or"; they, have dash; are-
H the right cut , and never ]
H lose shape. Terms
'Oireboliar
aWeek-
l2oTl32EllfrSt:$iifetiOT
APVEBTISEftrENTS.