%^gy HF rTH hearts en
ijtjL Y cased In sorrow,
%ffi F^tk / tne peop ' e °' an
juk. / / Francisco paid a
\M& public mourning
IK tribute to Presi
* dent William Me:-
Klnley yesterday
afternoon in Me
euanics' Pavilion. More than 13,000 sor
rowing citizens gathered in the big build-
Ing with devout prayer and sacred
music united in expression of a common
ETlef. Heads were bowed, eyes were dlm-
med with tears ar.d hearts beat in sad
cornmentary as the solemn memorial ccr
" r-mcnles progressed. Beginning with or
chectral music that awakened the tender
eympathies of the audience, the services
- Grouped immediately"? behind 'the speak
ers'.'.rostrum and •: the' orchestra',^ rising 4
tier after' tier, 'as notable a concourse of,
people as has ever been seen in; Sari Fran
cisco was gathered together, jrr Mechanics' ;
Pa vlHonV 'yesterday..; Garbed in his .full,
dress uniform, his gold sash covering. his
expansive , chest, j Major General Young!
was the central 1 ' figure." To his right, 'sat
Mayor James D. Phelan, Governor Henry j
Tj Gage, .Lieutenant Governor Jacob H.
Neff andW. H.L.. Barnes the orator of
MANY NOTABLES PRESENT. ,
great Pavilion, .with Its .sable -trappings
and the. bowed heads of a mourning mul
titude, presented : a scene; that 'will 'linger,
long in the minds of all who attended and
took part: in the services. . .: ,. ' l\
west end of .the building. But (for, the
gold braid on the military coats all was
of 'the gloom , and / black of mourning.
Daylight was barred from the Inferior by
black curtains and the dim- lights added
to the somberness' of the scene. ' The dull,
bleak^ day had attuned the ; hearts of the
people to the very of sorrow and
the ceremonies gave fitting expression- to
the overpowering^, feeling of sadness. .' The
sentatives of foreign countries, State offi
cials,, .municipal officers, , military men,'
regular and State 'staff . officers, men of
the "old guard, the:; veterans of the Civil
War. and leading citizens of the city oc
cupied places on the platform." An or-'
chestra of a hundred pieces and ' a choir
of many hundreds also had space ' on* this
raised stand .' which was erected ; at the
Within . the four walls and under the
lefty roof of the Pavilion were men and
women from every walk of life. ¦ Repre-
A NOTABLE ASSEMBLAGE.
With reverence and devotion the peo
ple of San Francisco set the seal of their
respect to the memory of the dead Presi-.
dent fast upon their hearts. For a brief
two hours they gave up their thoughts
and their better selves to unconstrained
and sincere sorrow— not the kind that
ends in paroxysms of tears or emotional
outbursts, but the deeper, grief that
more truly typifies great sorrow.
concluded with the singing of the national
anthem. The beginning brought out the
sorrow and sadness'and mourning for tho
loss of the nation's chief. The end was a
voice raised on high for the nation itself.
CITY ADDS PUBLIC TRIBUTE OF SORROW WITH IMPRESSIVE MEMOR
IAL SERVICES AT MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Ex-Chief- Justice .of the; Supreme Court
of -California- T. Wallace, occu-'
pied a 1 seat directly across"- the aisle' from
General Young.' V Ranged of. him
were representatives of the Federal judi- 1
clary. Judges Morrow and De Haven,.Jus
.tie'es ¦ of the ; Supreme; Court , of • California, 1
Judges of the Superior Court,' Justices'; of
the Peace and Police Judges.' In another!
tier : Was a glittering ;. array % of army : offl-' ¦
cers, the^ staff of /Major General^Yourigf
arid, the Governor's. staff,- no' less iiradlanti;
In aigrettes |and medals. • • : - -,
";But' the I consular ; corps - in ¦ the . official'
robes of-, the countries ' they;* represented^
formed another, line, of color// Some 1 wore"
the. royar orders : p'resented- by", their goy'- ?
erriments/- Each 'wore a" sword.', by ("his
slue. "One conspicuous .: figure" was Ho ']
Tow, his Imperial Chinese Majesty's Con
sul'General." .'He'was dressed In a. mag
nificent purple ; robe, with' a ' sleeveless
jacket of black satin, on which was" em
broidered'in gold 'bullion the Imperial
dragori'oMhe Flowery. Kingdom.' \; . .
V Another conspicuous section .was*. that
occupied • by : the State,; city and county
officers. : They; were somber in blaclc'suits
arid a. line of V demarcation - be
tween the. glittering, pageant of color. be : '
low and the diversified . costumes I of ¦} the,
ladles: forming the chorus^' whichi'Vac'du
pied the remainder of the seats rl:-ing 'to'
the great shield on the western end of the
Pavilion. ' ; * ' . - -. >'
• 'The very .first roll of, the drum and the,
wild,', mournful cries". of cello; and ,vk>lln ;
as' the; orchestra, .under "; August Kode-
IN THE HABILIMENTS OF WOE
THE NATION WEEPS AS IT GIVES
SEPULCHER TO ITS MARTYR DEAD
VOLUME XC— NO. 112.
SA1* FRANCISCO, fra
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
mann's direction, gave utterance to "Jiel
pcjmene'? struck a responsive chord In the
breasts of the mourning multitude.
vmayob; phtt, a ars tribute. ;
Then came Mayor Phelan's introductory
remarks. He had met ths President, felt
the influence ot his kindly courtesy. h!V
warm affability- and his 'gentle nature.
His tribute -tiros 'to the unlmpeached hon
or arid the' spotless parity of the man.
When" the'-Mayor concluded his remarks
tears were In every eye. The Mayor said:
Our city Is. bowed. In grief. ."We. mourn the"
loss of our President. But, recently he was
with us, beloved and honored - of all men, an<1
now he is lylni low. the victim of a cruel and
cowardly crime that humiliates the repnblla
: . Continued on Page Seven.
WOMEN SOB AND STOUT-HEARTED MEN SHAKE WITH EMOTION
¦ I'Liiiimuii ii mwnnniniiirnimmT m mi t- ~ - '- ' ' ' ' - * " - ._ ' *'•'¦' ' ¦' •¦»-•'-¦ . '¦¦'•¦ i ¦ ¦ '•''¦"¦> ¦ ¦' .¦¦¦¦¦¦'¦¦¦ " •¦ • .• '¦¦¦¦>'¦ ¦ . •"..-¦ : .-* EX7HBISHOP HIOR
/% % 1>AN condemns lam-
X Spooning and cartoon
ing Government offi
cials. " — '. ' ' '; ¦ '
Bishop Talbot declares that
when we treat a- President
with disrespect' we are sin- »•
ning. /
Bishop Nichols pays a beau
tiful tribute to - the • honored
dead.
LAMPOONING
IS DENOUNCED
BY PRELATES
Continued on Page Seven.
': The celebration 'Of -the .anniversary., of
Mexican Independence .under, the direction'
of .the Mexican i patriotic committee and
Mexican- Consul,- postponed on account of
the death of the President, will take place
at ,: Odd Fellows' .-: Hall on ¦ Saturday, even
ing next. -,-'. - - - . r ¦¦;-¦_'..
Date for Mexican Celebration.
At the last meeting of Pacific Parlor No.
10, Native Sons of the Golden" West, reso
lutions .were' adopted ; eulogizing the dead
President •; and ; extending- the sympathy
of f the parlor to Mrs. McKinley. After
having appointed S. A. D. Jones, ¦ William
Hezel-and W.'McCullough as a committee
to arrange • for memorial services, { to • be
held at their meeting next Tuesday night,
the parlor adjourned out of respect to. the.
late President. ',*¦ Assistant ' United States
Attorney B.'. J. '; Banning, president 'of | the
parlor, and' Mayor Phelan will deliver ap
propriate remarks, while D.- A.' Ryan'.will
deliver a eulogy of the late President. .-.-¦
r*r. .,- v- -j - ¦ i
Memorial' Service to: Be. Held.
" A striking* feature of the mass was the
austereness of the church decorations. As
a rule the altar is covered with flowers
and other decorations," but yesterday it
was In keeping with the solemnity of the
service. 'Lighted, candles were used, but
the altar was bare of adornment. ' '••
• The Archbishop delivered the sermon of
the day. It. was a masterly, effort. He
spoke from a heart overflowing with sor
row and sympathy; for the honored dead.]
His voice filled the arches of the cathe
dral and his enunciation was so clear that
worshipers who crowded- the vestibule,
could, hear every word he. uttered: He
did not mince words.. He laid the blame
for the President's untimely death Yto
"yellow journalism." He charged his as
sassination to anarchy, which he said was
bre,d from the lampooning and maligning
pens of artkts and writers in saffron
sheets. He cried out tha^ this - must
cease, as it was striking at the bulwarks
of the nation: Throughout his 'splendid
Church. Bare of Adornment.
The singing ot a quartet, composed of
Miss Katheryn Black, soprano; Miss Ju
lia Sullivan, alto; S. J. Sandy, basso, and
David Manloyd. tenor, was impressive.
The chorus also contained some splendid
voices and Its members sang in harmony
with the soloists. The chorus was com
posed of Miss Mabel E. Quatman, Mrs.
H. H. Theberge, Miss Nellie Berreta.Mrs.
OJeido and Mr." Von der Qun. .
• All the' dignitaries of ithe two churches
as well. as a number of visiting clergymen
were . present..- Right Rev.' Bishop W. F.
Nichols delivered the address,' which was
one of the^ grandest of -"his efforts, v The]
service was ¦ conducted ; by /. Rev. B.\-W,'
Weedeh, assisted ; by , the venerable John
Percival,' archdeacon 'at New Orleans';
Rev. J. D. Perry, Rev. F." ' W. Clampett,
"Rev. E. B. Church and.-Rev. W.E.- Hayes.
The saying of the office of .humiliation
and prayers and the singing by: a select
choir of the psalm, ''Out of -the; Deep
Have' I Called, Unto Thee, ; O 'Lord.'* and
that gem ; of hymns, '-"Nearer, '; My ; God, 'to
Thee.", preceded the address of Bishop
Nichols.— . .-•-,.. ,
'-. His ¦' theme was - the Vgenlus of govern
ment'contrasted with anarchy, as erabod-
\V'-:.\]%?':- -which was 'held; in St.; Luke's
Church, was solemn and ' impressive and
throughout- it expressed the great- sorrow
of the thousand men and women present.
American flags were draped on either side
of the>altar and above the chancel, while
a mourning shroud lined the rail. Two
great bunches of white asters rested upon
thealtar. . . '. ' ,'.?¦ i
DEEP was the, sympathy and
sincere was the prayer of the
congregations of Trinity and
St. Luke's Episcopal churches.
The memorial service In
honor of the ¦ late President
The Kolomn high mass was . celebrated
promptly at 10 o'clock. The Archbishop,
preceded by the acolytes and participants
in the mass, entered the door, leading
from the sanctuary and took his place at
the altar. .The Rev. Father Dcmpsey was
celebrant of the mass. ' the' Rev.' Father
i lannipan deacon, the Rev. Father O'Ryan
sub-deacon and the Rev. Father Prender
gast master jf ceremonies. 'During the
mass the rhoir rendered the "Kyrie from
. Haydn's "Sixteenth Mass," "Sanctus" and
¦"Benedictus" from Gounod's" Messe Solen
nelle," "Agnus Del" from Mozart's "Sev
enth Mses" and "Veni Jesu," by.Cheru
bini. ;. -.- / • .._.,-.
R. J. Harrison, organist of the church,
had charge of the music. 'and the choir
did ample justice to it. The voices were
in harmony and were heard to advantage
in the sacred edifice • '&SS3EMSJS&E2&.
TilwiwiiiMiaiiMiiiiiy'TriiiitMillTWnMTrnfWillffMTT
services yesterday morning in
honor of the martyred President, William
McKinley. The immense structure was
crowded from the altar rail to the vesti
bule. The galleries were filled with de
vout people, and the choir loft, usually
reserved for <Jie singers, was crowded
with people, who stood up during the en
tire service. ¦• " _¦ ¦ .
NEVER in the history of St.
Mary's Cathedral was it and
probably never again will that
eacred edifice be filled with so/
vast a congregation as that
which attended the memorial
The Bishop reviewed the President's ca
reer and said he >wished that at this time
the President could speak from the grave
and utter some of his beautiful' sentiments
to cheer the sorrowing people. "¦:; ¦ '¦':
. '" We. can remember. his personal acts of
kindness," said: the Bishop, ."and so I say
if /we could only, have' him- for ,the I inter
preter of 'the 'President's- death, we;would
be" taught great- 1 lessons." /-_' ¦••' ¦'.< •'¦•¦ .
The speaker urged -all to fce Christian
citizens, and r said that the cardinal ' part
of Itrue government » was true citizenship.
To attain all this he" urged his hearers-to
quicken ? their r consciences > and raise . the
ideals of citizenship . far and , above * the
degenerate assassin • of .the ; President '. who
sanctified every thing his. heart touched. - -
• •. The ' office • followed '¦ the '. ad- i
led in the life of the late President." It
was a glowing and earnest tribute to Wil
liam McKinley, whom he said was great
er as a man than as a President, and
greater as a Christian than as a many
Four great principles of statesmanship
were embodied in the President. Protect
ing the treasury, giving counsel, dispens
ing justice and practicing, religion were
Cited as the pillars of all government. Aa
a. Congressman and as President, Mr. Mc-
Kinley labored hard for the financial in
terests of the country; his ability to coun
sel was • proven ; by .< the triumph in i diplo
macy this country won in the Chinese and
other. troubles; his Justice /was shown in
relation to -the' Cubans,; and his religion
was innate and embodied in his home life
and every , action. : v »j?NfcMfc|rt<tM>t»*«[flBi
dress. "Be Thou Faithful Unto Death"'
was sung by Frank Mitchell.- Rev. F.'-.W.
Clampett read the lesson; the congrega
tion, standing, sang the anthen, "Blessed
Are the Departed"; the apostles' creed
was said . by. all, and the benediction was
pronounced by Bishop Nichols. The ' sing
ling of the hymn, "O.God, Our Help In
Ages Past," and the rendering of Chopin's
funeral march closed the service. ; ' .
Bishop Nichols Reviews the Career
of Late President of the
Nation.
Archbishop Riordan Expresses Pro
found Contempt for Yellow
Journalism.
He was a man born in comparative poverty
and grew up in what might be called poor
conditions.' When ' the trumpet ct.lled In the
war for the preservation , of the Union he en
listed in the ranks as a common soldier. His
record as a soldier shows that he was both
modest . and earnest. We see him at the end
of the war with' the rank of major, turning back
to civil life and perfecting his education. He
gained a few simple friends and it Is beauti
ful to think that he was surround©:! by them
all through hia V.te. •; McKinley was a. just man
—a man who had the • highest regard.. for a
pure domestic life and believed in- the sanctity
of home. This is a good object , lesson tor us
to observe. The true character of McKinley
was shown while he was In San Francisco. He
was constantly to ,be * found at ' the bedside ¦ of
his wife and he helped to nurse this frail creat
ure back to-ltfef : - . • • .
-His fame will Increase and he will be a land
mark In American history. In his administra
tion the country advanced a hundred ¦. years, i
The • question .that confronts us to-day ' Is,
"What: will' be the outcome '-of hla death?" Our
Modest and Earnest.
From all over the world tender .and loving
messages of condolence have come at this sad
time. -They are not mere matter-of-form tele
grams, but expressions of genuine sorrow. The
President had grown up and had been -looked
upon as a man of generous heart and loving
soul and a man of no narrow views. He loved
God and his last words were: "God's will be
done," showing that he was a devout Chris
tian.
• Two weeks ago- the entire nation was startled
by the news that our great President had been
stricken down. He was loved by the North
and South alike, and we now have the pleasure
of remembering how affectionately he was re
ceived in the South in ; his Presidential tour
that took place such a short time ago. I
There are times in the history of nations
when it is hard to believe that God Is our eter
nal refuge. I In times of darkness of the human
heart God's everlasting love Is hard to believe,
yet these Bad ordeals are ordered by our loving
Father. . .
He selected for his text. the twenty
seventh verse of the thirty-eighth' chap
ter of the "Book of Deuteronomy, "The
eternal. God Is thy refuge, and under
neath are the everlasting arms." He
said in part:
MEMORIAL services were
held at the Grace Episcopal
Church yesterday morning
at 11 o'clock. „ The sacred
edifice was crowded to the
doors: The Right Rev.
Ethelbert Talbot, Bishop of
Central Pennsylvania, preached the ser
mon. .../ -1 1
; Memorial services were held in ,.' the
Geary-street Temple yesterday morning.
The exercises were conducted by the chil
dren of the Sabbath school.-- The temple
was draped in mourning colors. The chil
dren of the Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
the band from that Institution took part
In the services. Rabbi M. S. Levy deliv
ered the eulogy. ' *> , .*•
Colored People Sorrowful.
Rev. T. Brown of the Starr King A.' M.
E. Church preached an eloquent eulogy
on the martyred President before a large
congregation yesterday. He dwelt at'
length on the Christian character of the
deceased. Special music was rendered by
the -choir. -The church -was crowded with
sorrowing colored people. '^fflSMHggi&BIi
The next question that faces u* Is, How was
this terrible assassination caused? No sane man
can claim that this poor wretch is solely re- "
st>onslble for" the act.
Responsibility for Crime.
Back of that assassin Is an Influence that -
loaded the pistol and pulled the trigger. It
was an utter lack of respect for law. An utter .
disrespect for superiors Is a lack of reverence
for God. God says "Honor the King." Any
one placed in power should be honored. A
man who has the high honor to be exalted to
the dignity of President of this great nation
should be deeply respected. It Is our privilege
to criticize, but when we try to despoil their
authority and disregard them or treat a Pres- !
ldent with disrespect we are sinning.
If we look to God as our guardian. If we love
him as we should, we will soon find that de
grading influences of a certain element of the
press and of public speech will not contaminate
us. We shall then have reverence for those
above us and live happier lives.
Our President is gone to paradise and I am -
sure that if he Is privileged to be able to look
down and see that his life and death have been .
! an object lesson and that the nation that he
loved so well is better by -his martyrdom, he
will feel amply repaid and will be most happy.
when we are protecting him we are protecting
tire nation.
answer Is, we must have more protection. It
is hard to say that we must keep our Presi
dents from shaking: hands with the crowds
that throng to greet them on our 'public streets.
The dominant feature of our Government Is
simplicity, but times have changed. It is a
serious Question, this protecting- or our Presi- .
dent and keeping him from the public. ' To
every real Republican or Democrat It is a hard
pill to swallow, yet this must be done. Th»
nation depends upon our President.- Our mer
cantile world, our I shipping Interests—every
thing is centered round our Fresldent, and
Bishop Talbot Declares Disrespect to
President Is Crime Against
Country.
PROFOUNDLY ELOQUENT " TRIBUTES ARE PAID BY THESE CHURCHMEN.
EMINENT PRELATES PAY GLOWING
TRIBUTES TO MECKINLEY'S MEMORY
THE SA"N\ FRAlSrCISCO: CALL,^ FRIDAY,; SEPTEMBER ? 20, 1901.
2
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN AND BISHOPS NICHOLS
AND TALBOT EULOGIZE THE MART\^f 0
and ffll^^^^^^^^fe^Ssfc^^^^^^^^^S
THAT BLAZONS FORTil W^^^^M^^^M^
Children Hold Services.; '". -r^y ¦,:¦--.. . - - ¦ cL-v^V^r.-:
LONDON, Sept 19.— Replying; to Mrs. McKinley's acknowledg •
ment of his telegram of sympathy, Sing Edward to-day tele
graphed to Embassador Choate: , 'r-Vy
KING AND QUEEN FEEL MOST DEEPLY
IN GOD'S ACRE AT THE OHIO HOME
THE LATE PRESIDENT IS AT REST
the san Francisco; call, jfriday, September 20, isbi.
3
Continued on Page Sixteen.
Continued on Page Sixteen.
At a meeting of the general court of tha
Bank of England to-day Governor Prevost
made a sympathetic, reference to the as
sassination -of President . McKinley, and
moved a resolution, which was adopted In
»¦ A stately service, similar in most re
spects to that held In memory of Queen
Victoria on the day of her burial, was
conducted in St. Paul's Cathedral to-day
and attended by 6000 persons. Lord Mayor
Green, - the Sheriffs, ' Aldermen and Coun
cilors Of the city, wearing their official
robes, marched in procession into the
cathedral, accompanied by several pro
vincial -. Mayors who 'had visited I London
for the purpose of taking part In the cer
emony. Embassador Choate and the staff
of the United States embassy were seated
In the chancel with -300 'other Americans,
to whom places had been allotted. - -
Dean Gregory and fourteen other clergy
men were engaged.' In .the service. The
Archbishop of Canterbury pronounced the
benediction. ' -
In Great Cathedrals.
Dean Bradley read St. Paul's discourse
on the resurrection. The congregation
sang "Nearer, My God, to Thee" to the
melody, commonly used in England. ¦
The services concluded with Handel's
and* Beethoven's funeral marches. . : v .]
was used, with . the prayer of committal
omitted. - '
- and Englishmen of
distinction. The Lord Steward . of the
Household, I Lord , Pembroke, , represented
the King. Next to him sat United States
Embassador Choate and members of ' the
embassy. The Secretary for "War, Wil
liam ' St. John J Brodrick. and the -Under
Secretary " .' of • , the Foreign ¦ Office, Lord
Cranborne, were ' present, < and . the. other
Cabinet; Ministers were represented... The
British Embassador to the United States,
Lord Pauncef ote, "and many other, distin
guished diplomats and 'officials were pres
ent. Among the Americans who attended
were former Vice "- President -LJ P. Mor
ton, George .von L. Myer," Embassador to
Italy;. Judge Lambert Tree, former United
States Minister to Belgium; Bishop Hurst
of . Washington and Bishop Hartzell of
Africa.. ¦ '..' ¦¦¦'.".¦ " ; •. \ '.; '"Ji '\'y
..The service, which was fully "choral, was
of extreme beauty. 'The office for the dead
LONDON, Sept. 19. — By command
of King Edward 1 a. memorial
service In honor of. the late
' Pyeident McKinley was held
; -in "Westminster Abbey to-day.
It -was attended by. many
Distinguished Persons Attend Memorial Services and
Share the Grief of American Subjects
in Foreign Lands.
silence, expressing deep sympathy for tha
people of the United States.
The great cathedrals of Canterbury,
Edinburgh, Dublin, Glasgow and other
cities and the churches of all denomina
tions throughout the land were filled with
congregations generally headed by the
mayors and . corporations. All the ex
changes in the kingdom were closed.
The services In the American and Brit
ish churches on the Continent were gener
ally attended by, members of the royal
families. Cabinet Ministers, court func
tionaries, naval and military officials, city*
officials and great numbers of American
and British residents and visitors.
At Christlania the services at St. Ed
mund's were attended by the officers and
men of the United States training ship
Buffalo, the Cabinet Ministers, Consuls
and others.
Salutes were fired by the Buffalo and
from the forts.
Day of General Mourning.
BOMBAT, Sept. 19. — To-day was ob
served as a day of general mourning for
President McKinley. All the public of
fices, banks and stores were closed. Ser
vices were held at all the central cities.
CARACAS. Venezuela, "Wednesday, Sept.
18 (Via Haytian cable).— Owing to the in-
O God. our God. our nation's God. thou'Go.1
and father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the father
of mercies and God of all comforts, we have
entered the courts of thy house to-day with
bowed and burdened heart. In thy inscrutable
province thou hast permitted this great calam
ity to come upon us. Truly, "thy ways are In
the deep and thy paths in the mighty waters."
We bow in meekness before the exhibition of
thy sovereignty and own thy right to do a*
thou wilt in the armies of heaven and among
the sons of men. But. blessed be' thy name,
thy sovereignty over us is the sovereignty of
love. Thcu art our father and "like as a father
pltleth .. bla children so the Lord pitleth them
that fear him." Thou hast so revealed thyself
to us In thy word, but especially in Jesus Christ,
who was the brightness of thy glory and th-?
express Image of thy person. Therefore, O
Lord, we can the more cheerfully submit to
doings of thy hand and heart. We can say
with him whom we so deeply mourn. "This Is
God's way. His will, not ours, be done," and
while vre cannot understand thy gracious pur
pcecs In this dispensation help us, .Lord, to
wait in patient confidence, assured that. thou
who nrt thine own Interpreter wilt reveal thy
thoughts of peace and purposes of mercy in
this great mystery. In this spirit help us to
accept this providence i and still to trust thee.
We thank thee, O Lord, for this life which has
been taken so rudely from us. We thank thee
for thy servant's endowments and achieve
ments. We thank thee for the evidences that
he was chosen of tbee for great purposes In
this world and for the splendid way In which,
by tby grace, thest purposes wcrt wrought In
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 13.— Services In
the church were simple. They began
with the rendition of an organ prelude,
Beethoven's funeral march, played by
Miss Florence Douds. As the last notes
of the prelude were stilled the Euterpean
Ladies' quartet of Canton sang '"The
Beautiful Isle of Somewhere." Rev. O.
B. Milligan, pastor of the First Presby
terian Church of Canton, delivered the
invocation, which was as follows:
of McKinley by His Old
Pastor.
Beautiful Tributes to the Character
WITH A SOLEMNITY MOST MAJESTIC THE FINAL RITES TAKE PLACE.
SIHPLE SERVICES
HELD IN CHURCH
Sanctify this dispensation to • us all. May
we hear In It the voice of the Eternal crying,
"AH flesh Is grass and all the goodllness thereof
as the flower of the field. The grass wlthereth,
the flower fadeth, -but the word of our. God
will stand forever." -Help u» that we may
diligently Improve this providence by our
growth in grace and In the paving ; knowledge
of our Lord Jesus Christ. By thy grace, dear
And now, O Lord, trustfully do we commit
to thy Infinitely tender and gracious care her
who has . been most bitterly bereaved. Tender
as are our hearts toward her in this sad hour;
passing tender as was her husband's heart
toward her. as together they passed through
all -the scenes of Joy and sorrow which were
appointed them in life, may the heart of God
be more .tender still. Bind her round with
sufficient consolations of .' thy presence and
grace; and as by faith ehe leans upon the un
seen arm of the Infinite may ¦ she ever find
thee a present help in time of need.
To His Gracious Care.
Vouchsafe, we pray thee, the fullness of
thy grace to thy servant who has so unex
pectedly been inducted into the solemn reupon-*
sibll lties of the office of chief magistrate. May
he be endowed with all needed gifts to admin
ister the Government to thy glory and the wel
fare of this great people. Give him thy fa
vor ' and give him the confidence and love of
the nation. _,-
In afflicting, O Lord, be merciful. Itemem
ber not our sins against us and visit us in
the plenitude of thy grace.
Surely thou hast stricken us in thy sore
displeasure, for thou dost not afflict willingly;
thou dost not delight In punishment. Oh,
that thou wouldst help us to search our hearts
to seek out even the hidden depths and springs
of wickedness, to rid us of the evil, that the
abundant favor of our God may be returned
to us. and that the sublime things we hope
for in our nation's future may be realized.
And until we have discovered the evil and
rooted it out, let not thy goodness . depart
from us.
Vouchsafe, we pray thee, all needful bless
ings to our nation in this season of sore be
reavement. Thou .knowest, O God, how this
blow has struck every heart; how this sorrow
pierces every soul. The nation is clothed with
sackcloth and bowed with grief. Our land Is
full of mourning, our hearts are heavy with
inexpressible and almost unendurable sorrow.
Vouchsafe Needed Blessings.
his life. Adorned by thee, we thank thee . for
what he was In himself, In his home, in so
ciety, in church and state and national rela
tions. We bless thee for the inspiration of his
example, and we rejoice that though dead his
influence for good will ' ever live among us.
Blessed be thy name, In the temple of Ameri
can honor another is written among the im
mortals. - Help us, O Lord, to see in his life
the divine possibilities of life and to strive
for a like fidelity as we go forward to meet
life's appointments.
At 7 o'clock to-night President Roose
velt and the members of the Cabinet
started back to Washington.
It was believed by those about her that
there was a providential mercy in her
tears, as they gave some relief to the
anguish of the heart within. • -
Lord, prepare us all for life's duties and trials,
for the solemnities of death and for a blessed
immortality. These and every other needed
blessing we plead for in the name of him who
taught us to pray: ••* :
"Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed
be thy name; 'thy kingdom come, thy will be
done on earth as it is in heaven. Give us
this day our dally bread and forsive us our
trespasses as we forgive those who trespass
against us. Lead us not into temptation, but
deliver us f rpm evil, and thine be the power,
and the elory, forever and ever. Amen."
The Ninetieth Psalm .was read by. Dr.
J. A. Pall of the Trinity Lutheran Church
of Canton, and that portion of the fif
teenth chapter of First Corinthians in
cluded between the forty-first and fifty
eighth verses was read by Rev. E. P.
Herbrouck 'of the Trinity Reformed
Cfiurch of Canton. ¦ •
The favorite hymn , of President Mc-
Kinley, "Lead." Kindly Light." was then
rendered by a quartet of two male and two
female voices. "When this hymn had been
finished Dr. C. E. Manchester, pastor of
the First Methodist Church, delivered his
address, which read as follows: :
Our President is dead. The silver cord ' Is
loosed. The golden bowl is broken. The pitcher
is broken at the fountain. The wheel Is broken
at the cistern. Tha mourners go about the
streets. One voice Is heard — a wall of sorrow
from all the lands, for the beauty of Israel Is
slain upon the : high- places. -How are the
mighty fallen!
• I am distressed for thee, my brother. Very
pleasant hast, thou been unto me.
Our President Js dead. AVe can hardly be
lieve It. We had hoped * and prayed, and it
seemed that our hopes were to be realized and
our pYayers answered., when the emotion of
Joy was changed to one- of grave apprehen
sion. Still we waited, for we said. "It may be
that God will be . gracious and merciful unto
us."- It seemed to us that it must be his will
to spare the. life -of one so well -beloved and
so much , needed. - Thus alternating between
hope and fear the weary hours passed on -Then
came the tidings of defeated science, of the
failure of love and prayer to hold its object to
the earth. We seemed to hear the faintly ut
tered words: "Good-by all, good-by. It's God's
way. His will be done," and then,' "Nearer,
My.- God, to Thee." So," nestling nearer to his
God, he passed out into unconsciousness,
skirted the dark shores of the sea of death for
a time and then passed on to be at rest.
"A voice Is heard; on earth of kinsfolk
weeping: . . -
¦ The Ions of one they love;-. r
Hearts Haavyv With. Sorrow.
His treat - heart had ceased to beat '• Our
hearts are heavy with sorrow.
CANTON*. Sept. 19.— With ma
jestic solemnity, surrounded
by his countrymen and his
townspeople. In the presence
of the President of the
United States, the Cabinet,
Justices of the United States
Supreme Court, Senators and Representa
tives in Congress, the heads of the mili
tary and naval establishments, the Gov
ernors of States and a great concourse of
people who bad known and loved him, all
that is mortal of the third President to
fa^I by an assassin's bullet was committed
to the grave. It was a si>ectacle of
mournful grandeur. Canton ceased to be
a town and swelled to the proportions of
a great city. From every city and, ham
let in Ohio, from the remote corners of
the South and from, the Hast and West,
the human tide flowed into the town until
100,000 people were within its gates, here
to pay their last tribute to the fallen
chief.
The final scenes at the First Methodist
Church where the funeral service was
held and at the beautiful Westlawn
Cemetery, where the body was consigned
to a. vault, were simple and impressive. .
The service at the church consisted of a
brief oration, prayers by the ministers of
three denominations and singing by aquar
let. The body was then taken to West
'awn Cemetery and placed In a receiving
vault pending the time when it will be
ihiallv laid to rest beside the dead chil
dren," who were buried years ago. The
luneral procession was very Imposing and
included not only the- representatives of
the army and navy of the United States,
but the entire military strength of the
Sta.t» of Ohio and hundreds of civic, fra
ternal and other organizations. It was
t -^3n<5 n of C th8 most pathetic features of the
day was the absence of Mrs. McKinley
'rom the funeral services at the'ehurch
and cemetery when the body of her hus
band was laid to rest. Since the first
shock cZ the shooting, then of death and
through the ordeal of the state cere
monies. *he had borne up bravely. But
there wa a limit to human endurance,
and when to-day came it found her too
¦weak to pass through the trials of the
final ceremonies. Through the open door
of fcer room *he heard tno prayers of tho
register as the body was borne out of
the house. Aftar that Dr. Rixey remained
closo fcy her side and although the full
Jorce of the calamity had come upon her
People Who Had Known and Loved the Assassinated President Partici
pate in Services at Canton That Present a Spectacle
of Sorrowful Grandeur.
¦- • '."Please convey to Mra, McKinley my best thanks for her
kind message. The Queen and I feel, most deeply for her In the hour of
• her great affliction, and pray that God may give her strength to bear
her heavy cross. Our thoughts to-day will be especially with the Ameri
can nation, when its distinguished President is laid to rest.
r?r " «EDWABD,B."Members of Faculty of University of California and Churches of 'College
City Praise the Martyred President, in Song
and Oratory.
TWO impressive memorial services were held at Berkeley yes
terday, at which loving tributes were paid to the admirable
life's work and noble qualities of President William McKin
ley. Brilliant eulogies by distinguished educators, clergy
men, Town Trustees and Mason s were delivered.
BERKELEY PAYS LOVING TRIBUTE.
Memorial Services Are Held in Many
Places in Alameda
, \ , County.
OAKLAND/ Sept. 19,-Ttroughout the'
TOWNS ACROSS
BAY MOURN LOSS
; SAN LEANDRO. Sept. 19.— Because he
commended the assassination of the Pres
ident Peter Nelson, employed by John
Hooper. : was discharged last night «»d
warned . to leave town under cover uf
night lest harm befall him.' Nelaon has
disappeared.
Anarchist Seeds a 'Warning.
.OAKLAND, Sept. -19.— At the .-. regular
meeting Union No: 127, Brotherhood of
Painters, Decorators and Paper-hangers
of America, to-night resolutions [were
adopted denouncing "as unrepublican and
opposed ¦ to the best . interests of . a v united
and free '.'people ; all ( demonstrations > of .; a
physicalnature against any official of our
nation.".?-; Vv ;.;.;.. ,-i; ;1 -:v.,, ,:,::;¦; ¦ . .-_>
Painters Adopt Resolutions.
F. R. Fassett presided at the exercises
In Livennore. Addresses, Interspersed
with music and prayer by the Rev. Ar
thur M. Hicks, were delivered by the Rev.
James Stone, the Rev. Carl M. Warner,
Thomas Scott and George W. Langan.
county memorial services were held to
day," attracting thousands of people to tha
central gathering places.
At San Leandro Judge Henry A. Mel
vln was the eulogist. The exercises took
place at the public school grounds. Unit
ed choirs of the churches rendered hymns.
The people of Haywards assembled at
Native Sons' Hall, where all of the clergy
men made addresses.
Under direction of the Washington
Township Teachers* Association services
were held at Centerville. T. C. Huxley
presided. The Rev. Dr. Gunn. pastor of
the Centerville and Alvarado Presbyterian
churches, offered prayer. Dr. Hale of
Niles Congregational Chtirch read a
Scripture lesson. Hon. William R. Davis
of Oakland, in a powerful address, de
clared that the Federal constitution should
be so amended that death should be the
punishment for attacks upon the Presi
dent. The Rev. Father Governo led In
the recital of the Lord's Praver.
At Pleasanton the Rev. Father McNa
boe officiated. The Rev. R. W. Reynolds
delivered the address. All business was
suspended.
William H. Waste, worshipful master cf
Durant Lodge, presided.-. At the; close of
the opening hymn,' "Nearer, MyfGod, to
Thee, ' Rev.A.-M. Elston. minister of the
First Christian Church, offered the invo
cation, and Rev. C. K. Jenness, pastor of
the Trinity .Methodist 'Episcopal Church,"
, . ance with a call Issued by the
Town Trustees, and the people responded
to that call in far greater numbers than
the; place of gathering could •?accommo
date. ¦ Durant Lodge. No.' 268, Free, and
Accepted Masons, conducted the^ Masonic
ritual at the request of the Town Boar«l.
Eulogistic addresses were made by Town
Trustee R. C. Staats: and R. R. Lloyd,
professor of New Testament history in
the Pacific Coast Theological Seminary cf
this city. ' . ; ¦ "
Considerable delay in the opening of the
exercises was caused by the, slow forma
tion of the parade. It * was; nearly 4
o'clock before the, procession moved from
its place of formation on Addlson street.
It marched along Stanford place to Uni
versity avenue,, along avenue
to Shattuck avenue, and- along Shattuck
avenue to Allston way/ where *lt counter
marched to Shattuck Hall, the place of
the services. The procession was headed
by Town Marshal C. ,T. Kerns .as mar
shal of the day. Those In line were the
members of the -local Grand Army .post,
the Berkeley, volunteer firemen, the em
ployes'of * the local postofflce, / Peralta
Camp of • the Woodmen," Berkeley Parlor
of the -Native- Sons, and Durant' Lodge,
F. and A. M. - - . : -, - - •>;.
v ¦¦^ ERKELEY. Sept. 19.— Thi3 city
H JB ..officially held memorial ser-
H«*^^ vices this afternoon as a mu-
B : *^k nicipal tribute to : the life of
U W William McKlnley. The cere
"*^"^T^ - monies took place-In accord-
• W. H. "Waste, worshipful master, and
Rev. H. H. Dobbins, chapla In, conducted
the. Masonic ritual. The chaplain offered
the benediction.
During the services H. H. Barnhart
sang "Crossing the Bar," and the selec
tion, "Peace to the Memory or the Dead."
was rendered by the Masonic .quartet.
"Lead. Kindly Light," and "America"
were sung: by the audience under the di
rection of Mr/ Barnhart a:nd with" Miss
Maude Wellendorff as accompanist.'
Lincoln and McKinley! What magic and in
spiration may be found in these names for
every American youth; what noble examples
to choose as our Ideals. With tha installation
of "William McKlnley as President the last of
sectional feeling remaining from the Civil War
was obliterated. No North, no i-outh; a united
country Indeed, pressing onwari to that goal
for which our forefathers fouirht and which
we are destined to attain.
"William McKinley's name is tiTitten in great
letters - on the Book of Fame. He Is dead and
his. life work Is ended, but he has left a
legacy to the American people which time
can never efface.
v Professor Lloyd reviewed the life of the
late President and dwelt upon his great
character as shown by his acts since a
youth. ' -
read from the Scriptures. Town Trustee
Staajts spoke on behalf of the municipal
ity. He said in part: . ;
j Father McSweeney's address was found
ed upon. the epistle- from the fourteenth
chapter of the phrophecy of Jeremiah and
the i gospel from the eleventh chapter , of
St. Mark. - In part - Father McSweeney.
said: ¦ -. : :¦¦, ¦'¦ ... \^ .,. ¦•->.. 'c, ¦-> [" "/
; In '¦¦ compliance and loving, .obedience ; '. to the
commands placed upon us most lovingly by our
revered archbishop, we are here - this morning
Father Me Sweeney's 'Address.'
1 Many hundred worshipers gathered | at
St. . Francis de Sales Church to offer up
prayers for the departed President and to
listen to the eloquent eulogy of the Rev.
Father Thomas McSweeney. High mass
was celebrated with solemnity, the pastor
being assisted by the Rev., Father Thomas
Heverin as celebrant, the Rev. Father J.
J. Cranwell as deacon and the Rev. Fath
er John Cull as sub-deacon. The service
was made more impressive -by" the render
ing of "Nearer, My God,' to Thee 1 ' by the
organist. *
In accordance -with the", directions of
Archbishop Riordan, services .were held In
honor of the late President, in all , the
Catholic churches of Oakland this morn-
Ing at 9 o'clock. Solemn music v was ren
dered and ' the addresses of the reverend
pastors were In sympathy with the sol
emnity of the occasion. The large; at
tendance at all the churches was evidence
of the great love of the people for Presi
dent McKinley. In addition to the regular
music of the mass '.''Nearer, \My God, to
Thee" was rendered..- '£
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
\ 1118 Broadway,, Sept. 19.
Services at Churches in Accordance
With. Archbishop Ribrdan's
Directions.
CATHOLICS PAY
SOLEHN TRIBUTE
I SCENE OF BERKELEY CEREMONIES AND SOME OF THE PARTICIPANTS. I
Citizens of Berkeley Join With Town Trustees and
Mansons in Publicly Honoring the Memory
of Dead Ruler.
The speaker spoke feelingly of the dead
President's devotion to his wife, of his
policies, the conception of which stamped
him as a man of genius, and whose worth,
gauged by the standards before him, will
be duly recognized by future generations.
The service closed- with tho singing of
"Nearer, My God, to Thee, "•' and prayer
by Rev. Father Rlordan.. ¦ :
men dare to assail the flag, how quick are we
to rise up in anger and resentment. ¦ And yet
we permit men to assail our President, who
represents the spirit of our Government! "Why,
then, should not our anger be as quick to rise
when the President is attacked? Oh, let us
thrust back these -detainers from the darkness
whence they sprung!
In this day of national mourning: we have
not far to seek for the cause of this great dis
aster. It is .the -Infamous action of Infamous
anarchy. Sensational newspapers ¦ have not
spared the victim of anarchy.- for in the past
they, have held him up to ridicule, criticized
him with viciousness, and poisoned the minds
of certain beings against the -man- in- whom
was embodied the majesty of government. The
death of President McKlnley should teach us
this great lesson, namely, . that . the majesty of
the President of the United States is as sacred
as the majesty of the flag of our country be
fore which all must bow with respect. ,\Vh*n
Victim of Infamous Anarchy.
To-day the voices of men and women
throughout the land are hushed, and traffic is
stilled. Mourners walk the streets everywhere
sad and disconsolate over the national loss of
a noble man and Christian. • We grieve over
him who was smitten in his strong manhood;
who was removed . from his . field of usefulness
before his time. President McKlnley . was a
man of prayer, and a Christian who . partook
of the sacrament regularly. That he was kind
hearted and merciful was manifested when
violence was shown to* his assassin; he said.
"Don't hurt -him." His calm resignation in
the hour of death was shown by the utterance
of those immortal words, "Let God'a will, not
ours, be done." His death •¦ reveals to us on
one hand the exceeding einfulness of sin, i and
on the other the nobility of a, true Christian
character. The President died not In vain, for
his noble works and example will survive him
long. . i •¦¦•_.
The closing address was by Rev. George
B. Hatch.- It was a masterly effort. He
scored anarchy and the sensational press,
which, he declared, was responsible for
tho death of the President He said, in
long. , .' ...
When President Wheeler closed the
audience sang- "Jesus, Lover of My Soul,"
cr.e of the favorite hymns of the dead
executive. Rev. C. K. Jenness then
spoke of tho religious side of President
McKinley's character. He said In part:
He Is cone from among us. His public acts
and policies have passed to their long hear
ing- before the grave tribunal of history. There
w« leave them. We know he was a man who
loved his country, who gave himself unstlnt
lngly to Us service. We know that under his
rule the land prospered, that the nation en
tered upon larger tasks which opened before it,
and gained for itself and the principles upon
which it was founded a larger hearing in the
courts of the world. But to-day It Is the man
himself who is In our thought, and we know
that in him we and all humanity have lost a
friend. Farewell. Ave atqua vale, brave sol
dier, good dtlren, wise magistrate, God-fearing
man, kind friend, beloved father of thy people.
All Humanity Loses a Friend.
justice was he Indifferent;. to no cry of need,
to no call for help, to no claim for hearing
was he deaf. He spake evil of no man. No
hand of a child was ever raised toward him
that he did not heed. His home and his de
votion to the companion of his life have set a
standard of confirming and purifying Influence
In the midst of American eoclety. < "
BERKELEY, Sept. 19. - The
memorial service for the
martyred President William
McKlnley. held by the people
and churches of Berkeley In
conjunction with the State
University, attracted a very
large assemblage to the Harmon Gym
nasium in the university grounds this
morning. The fact that at the very mo
ment the service began the body of the
Icte President wsls being borne to Its last
' retting place cast a gloom over the vast
audience and evidences of the deepest
emotion were observed at every hand.
The gymnasium was tastefully deco
. rated In purple and sable. The speakers'
platform was banked with palms and
flowers, in the midst of which a draped
picture of the dead President -was placed.
: The sweet aroma of the magnolia mingled
with the scent of begonias and filled the
air with rare fragrance. Seated on the
I stage were President Benjamin Ide
IV heeler and the corps of university pro
fessors, together with the clergy and
• representative citizens of Berkeley.
Among the latter were Rev. George E.
: Swan of St. Mark's Episcopal Church,
Rev. Hiram Van Kirk of the Berkeley
Bitle Seminary, Rev. Father Rlordan of
Et. Joseph's Catholic Church, Rev. J. K.
McLean.-presldent of the Pacific Theologi
: cal Seminary; Rev. Dr. Hosmer of the
"Unitarian Church, Rev. Mrs. Rebecca
ICuylor of the Friends* Church. Warring
Wilkinson, superintendent of the Deaf and
. Dumb and Blind Asylum, and many
others. It was a solemn gathering and
inpressiveness was lent to the scene by
the tolling of the, college bell during the
6?rvicc.
The service began with Scriptural read
ing and prayer by Rev. George E. Swan.
Tills was followed by the singing- of Presi
dent McKinley's favorite hymn, "Lead,
Kindly Light." by the vested choir of St
Mark's Church, singers of other churches
and the young women of the University
Choral societies. W. B. King presided at
the organ and Clinton R. Morse directed
the music. At the close of the hymn
President Wheeler delivered a memorial
address, in -which h« said in part:
Most Beloved of Men.
We are assembled here as members of the
richest, freest, most progressive nation that
is or ever has been upon the earth, and we
an come to mourn the loss of our great father
and head, who was the kindliest, the wisest,
the mort beloved of men. Again has the ardor
cf a crcat public grief fused all our loves Into
one common loyalty: Again has the bearing of
a. common pain blurred the lines of party and
creed, section and race, and piled higher that
hidden treasure of • loei which as a common
wealth beyond the veil blnda us In kinship and
¦ love.
Of all men who ever sat In the chair of
high authority, none has come nearer .to a
true understanding of the people's will than
. this man whose death we mourn to-day; none
was more faithful to execute It The source
of his power to know his people must, I think,
be identified with his rare endowment - of
human sympathy. He was naturally and spon
taneously Interested In his fellow-men, and
that singly quite as well as collectively. It
• was no tur<Jtn to him to give any plain man a
: hearing. He was easy of access: men talked
t freely with him, because he showed interest
jln them; he gathered from them not crude ln
j formation merely, but that priceless thing, the
\ point of view. He was a friend of man and
\ * trWnd of men. {To no rufferlcr. to no In-
Nations as well as individuals have their days
of grief, as well as their, days of joy. Grief Is
not a new thing to this republic. It has seen
more than one of Its chief magistrates go down
to a'martyr's grave.' But to-day , our sorrow Is
peculiarly intense. He whom we mourn was
not-only among the greatest of our Presidents,
but one of the greatest of our men. His private
life was an example. ''His public life was an
inspiration.. He fell a; victim, not to external
force, nor to Internal sedition.- He Is a victim
of doctrines that . seek the destruction - of all
government, that stand to pull down what
the wisdom of centuries has built up. - ;
At the Church of the Immaculate Con
ception . the Rev. Dr. Morrison preached
the sermon. He said: » : .
During the mass music was rendered by
the children's choir of St. Patrick's. Pu
pils of the convent and Christian Broth
ers' School: were, •¦ after participating;- In
the memorial mass, given a holiday. •
All authority, civil Included, comes from
God. All lawfully chosen rulers are the earth
ly representatives of this authority. In dis
obeying and belittling our lawful rulers w« are
disobeying and belittling God and sinning
grievously. Disrespect for the law breeds dis
respect for the law-giver and both are sources
of anarchy. When man neither loves nor fears
his rulers, or -God crimes such as that com
mitted . at Buffalo result. ' . ¦•' -:
In St. Patrick's Church, West Oakland,
mass was said. The congregation was a
large and representative one. Rev. J. B.
McNally, pastor of St. Patrick's, being
out of town, his- assistant. Rev.' James
Kiely, officiated. Prior to the mass prop
er . Father Kiely explained the Catholic
teaching regarding the civil authority and
obedience to the same. Father Kiely- In
part said: ¦•¦_¦-:¦ . - ,. \
Services at St. Patrick's.
And to-day in our name I send to the stricken
family our love and the love of Jesus Christ
that comfort and repose f or . the sorrowing
widow, who feels more keenly than can any
the great loss that has come to all.
In every land there is a threefold relationship
of authority, obedience and brotherhood, found
ed upon the word of God. Kvery kingdom,
every republic, every nation should be governed
by this three-fold relationship. The .stronger
its rule the stronger will the Government" wax.
A nation whose people do not give obedience
to this law and God's word cannot exist. I -
The lesson of to-day is one that I might say
we need every day— that we must not be too
anxious for the worldly things. It is the
history of nations that they cannot survive
where there -is no- love or religion. Institutions
cannot live without God. The liberty we fought
for would not have been ours but. that It was
grounded upon the love and knowledge of God.
before the altar of God, priests and people, that
we might ask for rest and peace for the de
parted. President and guidance and wisdom. and
strength for the living— that the burden so
nobly borne by the late President may be equal
ly well carried by his successor. -
Thin Is a day of history. From the. rising of
the sun to-day until Its going down to-night, In
all lands, the Infinite merits of the holy sac
rifice of the mass will be offered up that God
might be propitious and. spare and give strength
to the nation. The twelve millions of Catholics
in this country are grieving to-day for the loss
of our lovln* President.
THE SAN FRANCISCO;; CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1901.
BERKELEY'S TRIBUTE TO MEMORY
OF THE NATION'S FALLEN CHIEF
4CIVTL and military exercises and religious services, of an exceptionally impressive nature- were held
in all the cities*and towns of California yesterday. Many notable addresses were made, and in all
of them was denunciatory comment on the malevolent influence yellow journalism had had on the '
discontented class that breeds anarchists.
RUINOUS INFLUENCE OF THE YELLOW JOURNALISM
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 19.—Vancou
ver was a city of mourning to-day. Prob
ably in no city in the Dominion of Can
ada was the official decree of mourning
for the President more completely ob
served than in Vancouver. The banks of
the city, as well as many business houses,
did not open ¦ their doors. There was a
record attendance' at the opera-house this
afternoon, where a memorial service was
held under the auspices of the clergymen
of all denominations.
Mourning in ' Dominion City.
BENICIA, Sept. 19.— Benicia people
turned out fully 3000 strong to pay tribute
to the martyred President. ! At 10 o'clock
a procession/ headed by a juvenile band
and consisting of troops from the ord
nance department, Benicia Arsenal, Grand
Army veterans, school children, civic and
fraternal societies and an unattached divi
sion of citizens, numbering in all fully 1000
persons, formed on J street and marched
down First street to the wharf, thence
counter, marched , back to City Park,
where the . following literary exercises
were held: Opening remarks, E.M.! Bill
ings; .prayer, the Rev. Father O'Connor
of St. -Dominic's Church; oration, the
Rev. Father , RIley , of St. Dominic's
Church. • :
Long Procesion at Benicia.
- Officials.
SALINAS. Sept. '>, 19.— At noon, to-day
memorial', exercises began here by ; the
firing of minute guns until one hundred
and twenty rounds were fired. At 2 o'clock
a procession composed of Troop C, N. G.
C. I Grand Army Veterans and societies
passed down Main street." At the pavilion
¦ the .following., programme was rendered:
Invocation, the Rev. W. P. Andrews; ad
dress, "McKinley ~ as ' a Patriot, Soldier
and Statesman." W.1 J. Hill; music solo,
."Abide With Me," Miss Julia. Renison;
address,' "McKinley,. as Husband,"- the
Rev. George -McCormick; address, ¦ "The
Lessons Taught | by . McKinley's Tragic
Death," the. Rev. CM. Westlake. ' s
•. The Rev. A. 'P. Needham, Methodist
Clergymen at Salinas Make Attack
• 'on Journals That Vilify High
YELLOW NEWSPAPERS '
SCORED BY MINISTERS
WATSONVILLE, Sept. 19.-Never be
fore had there been such an outpouring
of the citizens of- the Pa jaro Valley as
there was in "Watsonville to-day "'during
the holding of the memorial exercises to
the memory of William McKlnley. Every
fraternal organization In the city particl
uated in the memorial parade, the .mem
bers of. the G. .A. R. acting as honorary
pallbearers to the catafalque. Mayor W.
A. Trafton acted as grand marshal of the
procession. The . exercises consisted of
prayer, sacred music. Scriptural reading
and eulogy of the dead. Assemblyman-
George G. Radcliff presided and Professor
J. W. Linscott of Santa Cruz delivered
the address. His arraignment of anarchy
and yellow journalism was applauded.
APPLAUD ARRAIGNMENT
OF YELLOW JOURNALISM
A' choir : sang : "Nearer. My God, to
Thee." "America" and the "Star-Spangled
Banner." Other services in - lodges and
churches were held this evening". . ; •
SAN JOSE, Sept. 19.— San Jose was In
deep mourning to-day, and never in Its
history was there such a general suspen
sion of business. Even the Chinese closed
all their games of chance. The city was
appropriately, garbed in. morning and the
flags everywhere were flying at half-mast.
Impressive services were held this fore
noon in all the churches and at the State
Normal School, while thousands gathered
in St. James Park in the early afternoon
to listen to the public memorial exercises
arranged by the general committee. The
stand was substantially the same as that
from which the martyred President spoke
on the occasion of his visit here last May,
and the same chair in which he sat was
draped In mourning "and occupied the
place of honor. ..The services were solemn
and appropriate. E. A. Hayes presided
and fitting eulogies were delivered by the
Rev. Father Kenna of San Jose, president
of Santa Clara College, and the Rev. Eli
McCllsh. president of the University of
the Pacific. /
at a Big Gathering in
San Jose.
College Presidents .Deliver *Eulogies
SERVICES ARE HELD
IN ST. JAMES PAUK
Its display of shoddy and greed, and intensified
by the cold, hard selfishness which underlies
the power of the trust. . All these people, mo
nopolists, social leaders, walking delegates,
agitators, sensationalists, dreamers, are alien
to our ways, outside the scope of our democ
racy and enemies to good citizenship.
The real Americans, trying to live their lives
In their own way, saving a'little of their earn
ings and turning the rest Into education and
enjoyment have many grievances "In these days
of grasping trusts and lawless unions. But
of such free Americans our country is made.
They are the 1 peopfe, not the trusts or the
unions, nor their sensational go-betweens. This
Is their government, and the government of the
people, by the people and for the people shall
not perish from the earth. This is the people's
President— our President— who was killed and
It is ours to avenge him. Not by lynch law
or a large or small scale may we do It, not
by anarchy or despotism, not by the destruc
tion of all who call themselves anarchists, not
by abridging freedom of • the press nor by
checking freedom of speech. Those who would
wreak lawless vengeance on the anarchists are
themselves anarchists and makers of anarch
ists.
Laws Enough. Already.
We have laws enough already without mak
ing more for men to break. Let us get a
little closer to the higher law. Let us respect
our own rights "and those of our neighbor a
little better. Let • us cease to tolerate sensa
tional falsehood about our neighbors, or vulgar
abuse of those In power. If ¦ we have bad
rulers let us change them peacefully. Let us
put an end to every form of ¦ Intimidation
wherever practiced. The cause that depends
upon hurling rocks or epithets, on clubbing
teamsters or • derailing trains cannot be a
good cause. Even If originally m the right,
the act of violence' puts the 1 partisans of such
a cause In the wrong. No free man ever needs
to do such things as these. For the final mean
ing of democracy is peace on earth, good will
toward men. When we stand for justice
among ourselves we can demand • Justice of
the monopolistic trust. When . we attack it
with clear vision and cool speech we, shall
find the problem of combination for monopoly
not greater . than any other. And large or
rmall, ¦ there is but. one way for us to meet
any problem: to choose wise men; clean men,
cool men, the best we can recure through our
method . of the' ballot 'and then to trust . the
rest In their hands. The murder of < the Presi
dent has no direct connection with Industrial
war. Yet there Is- this connection,', that all
war. industrial or other, loosens the bonds of
crder, -destroys mutual respect and trust, gives
Inspiration Xo anarchy, pushes. a foul thought
on to a foul word, a foul word on to a foul
deed. •' . .' i - .'¦,„•. >.«¦; !¦!¦:.?;
We trust that now that the worst has come,
the foulest deed has been committed, that our
civil wars may stop, not through the victory
of one 1 side over the other, the trusts , or the
unions. now set off against each other, but in
the viptory over both of the American people,
of th* great body of ¦ men . and women who
must fay for all and who are the real puiTer
ers lrn every phase of thV struggle. -.-...- .¦'¦'•\
• VStrangulatus-.pro republica," "Slain. for the
republic". . The lesson is . plain. It Is for us
to take it. Into our dally lives. It Is.tlie les
son of peace and {rood will, . the lesson of mnn
llness,and-godliness. Let us take it to our
selves and our neighbors will take it from us.
MELVILLE B. ANDERSON,
Chairman of the Committee.
HENRY R. FAIRCLOUGH.
ROBERT E. ALLARDICE.
OLIVER M. JOHNSTON.
JAMES P. HALL.
as may tend to make a crime like this In
free land hereafter Impossible.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal., Sept. 14. •
At this i solemn moment i .when the honored
Chief Magistrate ' of j the', nation lies stricken
to death by an assassin; we, the council and
faculty, of the Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity, would ¦ express our grief and shame ¦ that
thepage.:of our national history ehould again
be red with the stain of, murder. We would
express also our abhorrence of the lawless
teachings ' that . prompt . to I these ". wanton : and
aimless crimes. ", And .we Invite our fellow-citi
zens to Join us In the effort to disseminate such
just; and ; rational principles V and. to Inculcate
upon-the young sucb/a reverent ¦ habit of mind
"More than as a statesman is the man
McKlnley. No foes among generous heart
ed men; we see the tears streaming down
the face of William J. Bryan, his politi
cal adversary, when he heard the sad
news. As a devoted husband he turned
aside. from the cares and the programme
of state to ' bring back to health his in
valid wife. Rulers of the Old World" have
been surnamed "The Great" by their de
voted subjects. William the Well Beloved
McKinley shall be in the hearts' of all true
Americans. --¦ •'¦'.; : ¦
- Lloyd E.\ Harter. ; *01, spoke briefly but
with much feeling for the students, dwell
ing on the : President's high standing as a
man and his' devotion, to his duties. Fol
lowing Mr. Harter, Dr. O.M. Johnston of
the " Romanic < languages department read
the resolution adopted by the Uuniversity.
Council. , It li as follows: .... ..""• ¦,
"It might be said," Dr. Halsey remark
ed, "that McKinley never spoke a foolish
word. Greater than his utterances,-how
ever, were his silences, for he was abused
and maligned as few Presidents have been
since Lincoln.- Integrity— national integ
rity—is the rock on which we rest as. a
result of the last few years' administra
tion. On this principle we stand at home
and abroad. . . . - . .
Dr. John J. Halsey, head of the eco
nomics department followed President
Jordan, describing the dead President's
life as a soldier arid lawyer and. eulogiz
ing his character in all paths of life. . He
praised President McKinley's attitude in
dealing with the great; problems that
arose during his administration and his
courage In acting with perfect fearless
ness, yet . with due deliberation, in the
many crises that he had to meet.
Fearless in His Duty.
All civilized countries are ruled by public
opinion. If there be'a lapse In our civic du
ties, it is due to a lapse In our keennes^ of
¦vision, our devotion to justice. This means
a weakening of the individual man, the loss of
the , man himself in the movements of the
¦ mass. Perhaps the marvelous material devel
opment . of the age, the achievements of the
huge co-operation which science has made pos
sible has overshadowed the Importance of the
individual man. If so,' we have only to re
assert ourselves. It is of men, Individual men,
clear-thinking 1 . God-fearing, sound-acting men,
and of these alone, that great nations can
be made. ¦ •
VALLEJO, Sept. 19.— Vallejo's testimo
nial, to the memory of the late President
McKinley took the form of a parade of
military and civic organizations and lit
erary and musical 'exercises afterward.
The memorial parade was more imposing
than that held here for President Gar
field. An elegant catafalque had been ar
ranged and after. the procession was takeji
to Farragut Hall, where a suitable musi
cal . programme by the Vail e jo Operatic
Society was given. L. G. Harrier read an
original poem and S. M. Shortridge deliv
ered a touching address. An overflow
meeting was held at the Plaza, at which
the United States Marine Band furnished
the music and District Attorney F. R.
Devlin presided, while Superior Judgs A.
J. Buckles discoursed upon the late Presi
dent. The navy yard was closed down.
At noon 100 minute guns were fired. The
demonstration on the whole was very
creditable to Valleio.
teresting Address During
the Ceremonies.
PARADE IN VALLEJO
. OF IMPOSING CHARACTER
Samuel M. Shortridge Delivers an In-
At 10:3) o'clock a procession consisting
of the clvlo and fraternal organizations
of tiie town, the children of the public
and parochial schools and citizens and
headed by the fire department band play
ing Chopin's funeral march started from
the old Spanish plaza, where the citizens'
committee met and welcomed the Presi
dent last May, and marched to the opera
house. Here the memorial exercises were
held. Captain T. G. Lambert, a well
known Knight Templar, presided, and
made a few very appropriate remarks, the
main address being delivered by S. J.
Duckworth. The clergymen of the town
and the City Council also took part in the
exercises. Flags were at half-mast all
over the town and bells were tolled during
the hour of the memorial services.
MONTEREY, Sept. 19.— Never before in
her history has Monterey paid such a
tribute to living or dead as that which
to-day was laid at the bier of President
McKinley. For thirty-six hours no busi
ness of any kind has been or will be car
ried on in town, signs of mourning are
everywhere and deepest quiet reigns. The
memory of the late President's visit to
Monterey last May and his great-hearted
and brotherly words to its people is still
fresh in the minds of all and no sincerer
sorrow is felt anywhare in the nation
than that manifested here to-day. The
memorial ceremonies were somewhat elab
orate and very Impressive. At 9 a. m. a
solemn votive mass was celebrated at San
Carlos Catholic Church, followed by an
eloquent sermon by the Rev. Father R.
M. Mestres. After the sermon the regu
lar prayers of the church for the author
ities of the nation were offered.
Tributes at Monterey.
The Rev. Dr. W. TV. Case of San Fran
cisco delivered a sermon In which ho
eulogized the dead President and de
nounced the foul doctrine that caused his
assassination, and Councilman C. K. Tut
tle read on behalf of the Cit» Council
resolutions of sorrow and respect. A sim
ultaneous memorial service was also held
in the Episcopal ? church and the rector.
Dr. H. Chetwood, preached a sermon from
the subject, "He Was a Just Man. Ruling
In the Fear of God." Dr. Chetwood pro
nounced the highest encomiums upon the
life of President McKinley and was most
bitter in his denunciation of anarchy and
all that fosters and abets it.
The memorial services at the Assembly
Hall were attended by the Grand Army
of the Republic veterans, the city officials
and the pupils of the public schools in a
body and from almost the spot where in
May President McKlnley addressed the
Grand Army encammnent the words of
sorrow and eulogy were uttered by too
speakers of to-day.
those same comrades, and the
citizens of this town assembled to-day to
pay the last sad tribute to his memory.
Tears were shed and words said as If for
a brother as well as the honored head of
a great nation. A hush seemed to be upon
the town all day, broken only for a while
this morning by the tolling bells. All the
shops were closed and very few people
were about on the street during the day.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 19.— In
the very place where the mar
tyred President met and spoke
to his comrades of the Grand
Army of the Republic only a
few short months ago some of
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Rev. C. M. Westlake and other
speakers in strong terms denounced the
violent assaults upon . the character of
prominent men.
The Rev. George McCormick. U. P.
Church, during his address said he had
forbidden the papers claiming to be re
formers, but which by scurrilous cartoons
abused public men and taught anarchy,
to be .left at his home. No respectable
person, he said, should read or patronize
any yellow journal which referred to pub
lic men in a spirit which fostered anar
chy and mischief. He hoped that the
law would make the owners accessory to
e>uch murders as that of President IMc-
Kinley.
Episcopal, denounced yellow Journalism,
which he claimed to be like a hydra
headed serpent of old and -which was the
cause Indirectly of the assassination. He
hoped public opinion would centralize and
punish any publication which openly de
fied the law and ridiculed those in power.
PRESIDENT JORDAN AND SCENES AT STANFORD.
It is not theoretical anarchism or socialism
or any other "Ism" which Is responsible for
this. Many of the gentlest spirits in the world
to-day call themselves anarchists, because they
look forward to the time when personal meek
ness shall take the place of all statute. The
gentle anarchism of the ootimlstlc philosopher
is not that which confronts us to-day. It . Is
the anarchy of destruction, the hatred of class
for class, a hatred that rests only on dis
torted imagination, for, after all Is said, there
are no classes In .America. It is the hatred
imported from the old world, excited by walk-
Ing delegates whose purpose It is to carry a
torch through society, fanned by agitators of
whatever sort, unpractical dreamers or con
scienceless scoundrels, exploited in the news
papers, abetted by so-called high society with
Where Responsibility Lies.
The gospel of discontent has no place within
our republic. .It is true, as has often been said,
that discontent is the cause of human prog
ress. It is truer still, as Mr. John P. Irish
has lately pointed out. that discontent may be
good or bad, according to its relation to the
Individual man. ' There is a noble discontent
which a man turns against himself. It leads
the man who falls to examine his own weak
nesses to make the reeded repairs in himself,
then to take up the struggle again. There is
a cowardly discontent which leads the man to
blame all failure on' his prosperous neighbor or
on society at large, as if a social system ex
isted apart from the men who make it. This
is the sort of discontent to which the agitator
appeals, that finds its stimulus in sensational
Journalism. It is that which feeds the frenzy
of the assassin who would work revenge on
society by destroying Its accepted head.
The journal for weak-minded . and debased
makes heroes of those of Its class who carry
folly into crime. The half-crary egotist im*
agines himself a regicide, and his neighbor,
with thi clean shirt, is his oppressor, and
therefore his natural victim. Usually his
heart fails him and his madness spends it
self in foul words. Sometimes it does not, and
the world stands aghast. But it is not alone
against the chief magistrate that these thoughts
and deeds are directed. There are usually
others within closer range. There is scarcely
a man in our country prominent in any way —
statesman, banker, merchant, railway man
ager, clergyman, teacher even— that has not
somewhere his would-be Nemesis, some lunatic
with a senrational newspaper and a pistol pre
pared to take his life. '
Yellow Papers Scored.
Again a President is slain for the republic—
and the lesson is ths homely one of peace and
order, patience and Justice, respect for our
selves through respect for the law, for public
welfare and for public right. For this country
is pas3in? through a time of storm and
stress, a flurry of lawless sensationalism. The
irresponsible journalism, the industrial war3,
the display of hastily gotten wealth, the grasp
ing of monopoly, the walking delegate, the
vulgar cartoon, the foul-mouthed agitator, the
sympathetic strike and the unsympathetic lock
out are all symptoms of a single disease — the
loss of patriotism, the decay of the sense of
Justice. As in other cases, the symptoms feed
the disease as well as indicate it. The deed
of violence breeds more deeds of violence; an
archy provokes hysteria, and hysteria makes
anarchy. The unfounded scandal sets a hun
dred tongues to wagging and the seepage from
the gutter reaches a thousand homes.
.The last words of • Garfield were these:
"Strangulatus pro renublica"— "slain for the
republic." The feudal tyranny of the spoils
system which had made republican adminis
tration a farce has not had since Garfleld's
time a public defender. It has not vanished
from our politics, but its place is where it be
longs—among the petty wrongs of maladminis
tration.
their land held other men in bondage and the
dearest hope of freedom was that such things
should not go on forever. I can remember
when we looked forward to the time when "at
least the present form of slavery should be no
more." For democracy and slavery could not
subsist together. The Union could not stand
half slave, half free.
Tbre* times has our nation been called upon
to pars tnto the shadow of humiliation and
•each time in the past its severe lesson it has
learned. When Lincoln* fell slavery perished.
To tfae American of to-day human slavery in
a. land of civilization is almost an impossible
conception, 'et many of us who think our
selves still young can remember when hair of
lessons of Tragedies.
We meet to-day under the sway of a number
of different emotions. We would express our
sorrow at the untimely death of a good man.
We would show our regret that our nation has
lost the chief magistrate of its choice. We
would express our sympathy with the gentle
woman who has been suddenly bereft of the
kindeet and most considerate of husbands. We
are filled with ehame that in our republic, the
land where all men are free and equal wher
ever they behave themselves as men, the land
which has no rulers save the public servants
tit its own choosing, a deed like this should be
rioesible. We would express our detestation of
that kind of political and eocial agitation which
finds no method of working reform eave
through intimidation and killing:. We would
•wish to find the true lessons of this event and
would not let even the least of them fall on our
ears unheeded.
\r.d one plain lesson is this: Under democ
racy all violence is treason. Whosoever throws
a stone at a scab teamster, whosoever fires a
shot «t the President of the TJnited States, is'
tin enemy of the republic. He is cuilty of
high treason in his heart, and treason In
thought works itself out in lawlessness of ac-
The central fact of all democracy is agree
ment with law. It is our law; we have made
!t. If it Is wrong we can change It, but the
compact of democracy Is that we change it In
peae*. "The sole source of power under God
is the consent of the governed." This Crom
well wrote o»ee across the statute books of
Parliament. This, in other words, our fathers
wrote in our own constitution. The will of the
people is the sole source of any statute you
or I may be called on to obey. It is the decree
of no army, the dictum of no President. It is
the work of no aristocracy; not of blood or of
wealth. It is etmply our own understanding
that we have to do right, shall behave Justly,
shall live and let our neighbor live. If our law
is tryannous it is our ignorance which has
made it »o. I>et it pinch a little and we shall
find out what hurts us. Then It will be time to
Ij^vrf are made through the ballot and
through the ballot we can unmake them.
There Is no other honest way, no other way
that 1* eafe and no other 1 way which is ef
fective. To break the peace is- to invite tyr
anny. Lawlessness is the expression of weak
r.esa. of ignorance, of unpatriotism. If tyr
anny provoke anarchy, bo does anarchy peces
eltate tyranny. Confusion brings the man on
horseback. It was to keep away both anarchy
and tyranny that the public school was estab
lished in America.
President Jordan's Address.
sympathetic prayer that courage
be given his widow. The services opened with
Mendelssohn's '•Funeral March" in E minor,
m-bicta was followed by the singing of the late
President's favorite hymn, "Nearer, My God,
to Thee," in which the entire assemblage
Joined. The Rev. D. Charles Gardner of Palo
Alto then pronounced the invocation and read
the service in a very feeling manner. A vo
cal solo by Dr. George B. Little, entitled
••Crossing the Bar" followed a responsive
reading.
The principal address of the morning was
made by President Jordan. He eaid:
"^^^^ TANTORD tTXIVERSITT. Sept.
£T 19.— Nearly 2000 people gathered in
the Assembly Hall at 11 o'clock
this morning to pay their tribute
of respect to the memory of Presi-
dent McKlnley an* to join In
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Professor Jordan on
the Causes of the
Crime.
An Interesting Service
at Stanford Uni
versity.
Vengeance Necessary
but Not Through
Tyranny.
Gospel of Discontent
Has No Place in
America.
POWER
OF LAW
SUPREME
TRAGEDY FURNISHES LESSONS
TO BUSY AMERICAN STATESMEN
PRAISE
FOR THE
MARTYR
Veterans Do the Dead
President Honor at
Pacific Grove.
Sermons in Churches
Throughout the
State.
Loyal Words From
Well - Known
Clergymen.
Incendiary Journals
Given Scoring in
Pulpits.
THE SAN FRAN GISGO CALL,^FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 19G
5Next to the little group of ministers in
Importance and significance came the hon
orary pallbearers. Thesa honorary pall
bearers came from all classes and fac
tions. They were Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
the head of the University of California;
John P. Irish, the personal friend 'of the
Distinguished Pallbearers.
Rev. Paul Stewart, United Presbyterian-
Rev. Otho K. Jones, African M. E.; Rev \V
6. Vrvay, Th'rty-lourth-street M. E.; Rev. J.
W. Phillips, Second Congregation >U; Rev. J. O
Ccrlies. Seventh Day Adventtet; Rev. J a'
Edgien, Baptist: Rev. J. G Wooten. Asbury
M. E. : Itev. Franklin Hhoda. Fruit\-ale Pres
byterian; Rev. Robert Ritchie. St. Paul f 6-
TU?v. \V. Carson Shaw. Advent; Rev. H. B
Mcbray. Fru'.tvate Ccngre Rational; Rev. John
Tliomp6on, Fuperintendent State Bibls Society-
Rev. H. J. VoEbursh. First Bapt.Ft: Rev.
Jamfs Iluime. Kpiscopal. Haywards; Rev.
Monrop H. Alexander. Methodist Episcopal;
Itev. Thomas Baldwin. First Baptist, Ala
meda; llev. H. VV. Praser, Brooklyn Presby
terian; Rev. J. S. MacDonalrl. First Presby
terian; Rev. R. C. Brooks. Pilgrim Congrega
tional ; Rev. L.. E. Schneider. German M. E.:
Rev. Ernest E. Baker. First Presbyterian;
P.ev. T. J. Fluno. First Christian Scientist;
liev. James Curry. Forty-ninth -street Presby
terian; Rev. J. Godell. Market-street Congrega
tional; Rev. Krancis D. Perkins. Market-street
Congregational; Kev. Alfred Bayley, Fourth
Congregational; Rev. T. A. Powell, First Chris
tian; Rev. E. R. Bennett. Baptist German M!s
n'.onary: Rev. Thomas McS weeny. St. Francis
«5e fcak->; Rev. F. Cull. SL Francis de Sales:
Uev. J. J. Craawell. St. Mary's Collese; Rev.
J. L. AMcn, Beth Eden Baptist: Rev. Alfred
W. Hare, Oakland Chapel Congregational:
llev. C It. Winning, Twenty-fourth-avenue M.
K.: Rev. C. R. Brown. First Congregational;
Rev. E. R. Dille. First M. E.
The ministers who marched were:
Ministers in the Line.
There »vere less than a hundred minis
ters Sn line, but they were from every
rlonominaxiun and from every creed. The
Protestant marched with the CathoHc,
the Jew with the Gentile. When It was
proposed that the ministers should ride
and that carriages should be provided
for the representatives of the'ehurches,
the ministers themselves said that they
would rather walk. All denominations,
all creeds, all differences In religion were
forgotttn.
There is net recorded in the history of
this cour.tr>' a similar situation, wnere
all denominations, no matter how diver
pent in c pinion, walked side by "side in
or.e common expression of grief at the
death of a citfzen cr ruler.
No raorj impressive funeral procession
was ever held in California. No more
sincere mourning service was ever held
iu the United States. This could not be
more forcibly illustrated than in the
little knot cf ministers who were not only
willing but anxious to walk over the en
tire line of march to show their sincere
regard for the departed President of the
United States.
Precession Was Impressive.
The parade in Oakland was representa
tive of no class cr creed. The whole peo
ple left their homes and either marched
in the parade or lined the streets to do
full honor to the memory of the nation's
idol. Citizens followed .closely upon the
footsteps of soldiers. The schoolboy and
the adult marched in the same rank. The
minister of the church of God marched
with the soldier under arms. Laborers
walked with their employers.
OAKLAND. Sept. 19.— Nothing
coulcl have been devised to
more forcibly illustrate the
fact that the martyred Presi
dent, William McKinley, was
President of the whole people
than the funeral procession
held in Oakland to-day.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
It takes great faith to: remove moun
tains, but' a little worry makes a moun
tain of a: molehill.; *¦ ; v * •< - : - : . /
OAKLAND, Sept. .19.— At St. Paul's
Episcopal Church . to-day Congressman
Victor. H. Metcalf delivered- an euloglum
upoji the murdered President. After elo
quently describing the. dead leader's
noble traits of character, as exemplified
in his domestic and his public life, Con
gressman. Metcalf said: - :•
We are confronted to-day by a grave prob
lem, but • I firmly believe that the Congress
of : the . United States will . solve that problem
and that in future no anarchist. . nor anarchist
sympathizer, will be permitted to land on our
shores. ¦" . - •-'< ¦: - ¦¦ . ¦•».¦;•.
Yes, anarchy will, flee before patriotism and
the patriotic citizens of this nation— and when
I say patriotic, citizens I mean American
citizens will see to it that, this country isno
longer made the dumping ground I for the pau
per, the. depraved," the . vicious ; and criminal
elements. > •- . ¦ ... . ¦ . .. . ¦ 4 .... • >
That such a life should* have been sacrificed
bysach an ignoble instrument is almost be
yond belief, but;, out -of ."evil) good will come,
and -by his death' the American people will be
cemented and bound in - a closer • union - and
will work together for the I common roo<1 and
for the-orotectlon of home and country.
The Rev. -Robert Ritchie,. the rector of
St. Paul's Church,- said: ; : , . . ¦
; At critical- times In her history God has
grress Will Quickly Adopt Laws
Against Anarchists.
Bepresentative Metcalf Thinks Con-
PROMPT ACTION
IS LOOKED FOR
ALAMEDA. Sept. 19.— All the Protestant
churches of. this city united in memorial
services held . to-night in the First Meth
odist Episcopal Church. . Overflow meet
ings were held in the Sunday school hall
and in Masonic*. Hall. J
Joe Hooker Post, G: A. R.; Company G,
Fifth -Regiment, N>. G. C, and James
Monroe 'Council, Jr. O. A. M., were pres
ent at the services, the Rev. T. J. Lacey
presided in the church,* the Rev. "E. P.
Dennett in the "Sunday school hall and
the Rev. Frank. S. Brush 'in Masonic
Hall. - The song service at each meeting
place included the late President's favor
ite V. hymns,: "Lead, Kindly Light,"
"Nearer, My God, to Thee", and "Amer
ica." . *Among ' the clergymen who deliv
ered short addresses were the Revs. John
Kirby. Euclid McWhorter, Thomas Bald
win, E. P. Dennett, «T." J. Lacey and F.
S. I Brush: Judge A. B. Hunt and George
C. Babcock also paid eulogistic tributes.^
Mass was said at 9 o'clock this morning
at St. Joseph's Catholic Church. TheJ«rec
tor.the Rev. P. A. Foley, delivered an
eloquent . eulogy . on , the late ruler of the
nation: The church bell was tolled , from
9 a. m. until 4 p. m. ' The congregation
was a large one. ¦ - ¦ . . - ;
Alameda Ministers Extoll the Cha'r-
acter of Nation's Late Chief
! Executive."
CHURCHES HOLD
UNION SERVICES
play anything else and to the solemn
strains of the hymn the Knights marched
in honor to their dead comrade.
• The Patriarchs Militant of the Independ
ent Order of Odd Fellows had an interest
ing feature in their line. Their banner
was draped in mourning, the same piece
of crape that was used at the funerals of
Abraham Lincoln, James A. Garfleld and
U. S. Grant being utilized. ' \
The parade was full of features, each in
itself indicative of the sorrow that was
felt. -It was full of earnest-, men who
marched over the streets in ; procession.
The people of Oakland had arisen in their
sorrow and if there were any sympathiz
ers with the creed of the Buffalo assassin
in the city- they must ¦ have ' felt the
solemnity, the meaning of this demonstra
tion.
The narade was headed by Grand Mar
shal St. Clair Hodgkins, with his aids.
Captain W. J. Petersen, George W. Ar
per and Lieutenant Pierce of the Fifth
Regiment. National Guard of California.
Then, came the Oakland police, a com
pany of United States marines, a bat
talion of naval cadets from the training
school on Goat Island, three companies of
the National Guard and. the Veteran Re
serves. ' ¦ '¦ ¦..••¦-¦. -'¦¦¦•:
The second division was headed bv the
Knights Templar, ¦ under the command of
John A. Britton, with Webb N. Pierce as
marshal. Following the Templars came
the McKinley carriage. This carriage
was loaned by F. M. Smith on the occa
sion of the late President's visit-to-Oak
land, and. to-day it was loaded with
flowers and driven over the line of march.
This carriage was escorted by the honor
ary pallbearers, Benjamin . Ide Wheeler,
Anson Barstow. . ¦ John P. .Irish, John
Mitchell, F. S. Stratton. Victor H. Met
calf. W. W: Foote. R. M. Fitzgerald, J..
A. Colfiuhoun and El B. Jerome. ¦
Following came the' clergy of Oakland,
the committee in. charge of the. memorial
exercises, the Grand Army, the Sons' of
Veterans and the Service Men of ' the
Spanish- American War.
Societies in Parade.
The third division had S. J. Taylor for
its marshal.' ! The blue lodges of Masons
occupied' a large portion of this division;
with the Odd Fellows, the Knights . of
Pythias and the city and. county officials.
The Elks had the right of the. line of the
fourth division. ' John W. Tompkins was
the .-marshal. Included; In: this division
were the Workmen, Native Sons, Wood
men of the World, Knights of Maccabees
and Bohemians of America. V
Postmaster W. H.- Friend and the Oak
land Postofflce employers led the fifth di-
dead. President; W. W. Foote, a represen
tative of the Democracy and of the South
ern Confederacy, against which McKin
ley fought; E. B. Jerome and J. A. Col
quhoun, both comrades of the dead Presi
dent in the Grand Army of the Republic;
Robert M. Fitzgerald, a leader of the
Oakland Democracy; the Mayor of Oak
land, Anson Barstow; the president of the
Board of Supervisors, John Mitchell; Hon.
Victor H. Metcalf. Congressman from this
district, and Frederick S. Stratton, Col
lector of the Port of San Francisco. They
marched on foot over the whole line.
Every feature, every incident in the
whole parade showed that the people had
turned out to show their sorrow at the
untimely death of their leader. There
was sincerity and sorrow from the Head
of the procession to the very end: from
the police and the military to the school
boys and the citizens. ,
Many Masons in Line.
It is conservatively estimated that there
were 8000 men in line to-day. When it is
considered that every one of these men
was on foot, that every one from the
minister of . the Gospel, the Mayor of the
city and the president of the university
to the High School boys, who brought up
in the rear of the procession, had asked
for permission to walk in honor of • the
deaa President, the sincerity of the senti
ment that the procession represented' can
be estimated. The procession vr&s twenty
eight blocks long. There were seven di
visions with as many bands of music.
/ Twenty thousand people gathered on the
sidewalks. And over this vast assemblage
was the great hush of death, as impres
sive as if the body of the man whom all
were mourning was to be borne through
the streets of Oakland. It was noticeable
that even the spectators kept the silence
that was 'due to'the dead' and that con
versations were carried on in whispers.
The measured tolling of the church bells
and the solemn music of the dirges
heightened the solemn effect and empha
sized the sincerity of the demonstration!
When the funeral procession ¦ was first
proposed it was thought that the societies
of the city would be limited to two di
visions. Seven divisions marched over the
line, however.
The Masonic bodies of Oakland marched
for the first time in this city for a funeral
that was actually taking place in a far
distant State. Every Masonic body turned
out a full membership from the Knights
Templar to the blue lodges. At the head
of the Knights Templar was a fife : and
drum corps that played "Nearer, My God,
to . Thee.7 The corps .was forbidden to
At the First Methodist Church about
2300 people attended tha a«ryir><>a ah_
Should Drive Out 'Anarchy.
A man who, as the head of this nation pur
sued the eren tenor of his way. amidst con
demnations of his policy by critics and' un
called for attacks by the yellow press and whr.
under the assassin's bullet and with the fac*
cf death before him sans "Nearer, My God
to Thee." Is a man who. possessed virtues an<i
qualities that should be crystallized Into th
heart of every American. •
The Rev. Charles R. Brown presided and
introduced the speakers, the Rev. J w
Goodell of the Market Street Congrega
tional Church' and the. Rev. Alfred Bav
le >' of * ne our < n Congregational Church.
The Rev. Mr. Goodell said:
The Congregational churches of the city
held union memorial services at the Firs'
Congregational Church, the Rpv. Charle«
R. Brown pastor. The large organ and
choir platform were draped in black Be
hind the pulpit was a national flag at half
standard. - ,'•.-' . •
Congrc nationalists at Ssrvice. ?
At the First Baptist Church," the Rev
H. J. Vosburgh pastor, the service was
simple, the programme consisting of the
favorite hymns of the dead President a
prayer by the Rev. A. W. Ryder and ad
dresses by Everett J. Brown and Rev C
M Hill of the Tenth Avenue Baptist
Church.
M.r. Brown, who was selected to repre
sent the student body at Berkeley on tha
occasion of President McKinley's recent
visit. -paid him. a glowing and eloquent
Hold Simple Services.
At the conclusion of the servi ces in each
church the audience sang "America" and
then dispersed.
The churches selected for the services
were the First Baptist, the First Congre
gational, the First Methodist, the' First
Presbyterian and the First Unitarian
been dismissed to-day. In
these houses of worship thousands of
mourning citizens assembled.
The favorite hymns of the departed
President, "Lead, Kindly Light," and
"Nearer, My God. to Thee." were sung
by thousands of people. Then came the
words of comfort and the speeches of
eulogy. ' •
(— " «^ AKLAND, Sept. 19.— The five
»l central churches designated
M for the McKinley memorial
*3 exercises were the objective
|f points of the people as soon as
m^^ the funeral procession, had
The sixth division was commanded by
Julius Seulberger and was composed of
the Retail- Clerks, the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers, the Stationary
Kng-ineers. the Typographical Union, the
Portuguese Union and the Christopher Co
lumbus Society. .
The -seventh division had Fred Sinclair
for marshal and was headed by the boys
of the Oakland High School and the
Polytechnic High School. Following
came fully five hundred men from .the
West Oakland railroad yards and then the
unattached citizens on foot. . , . • -
vision. Every postofflce employe turned
out. The Carpenters' Union followed and
then came the British societies, with their
flags furled and draped in black. The
Journeymen Butchers, the Plasterers and
tne Red Men • completed this division,
which was in charge of Colonel Robert
McKIlUcan.
The Rev. Martin N. Ray, rector of St.
John's Episcopal Church, officiated' this
morning at - ; a requiem service \ at his
church, with a fully vested choir render-
Ing the music. The clergyman delivered
an address upon the life and character of
President McKinley. '
Services were . held this evening at the
Church of the Advent, East Oakland,
where John 'A. . Britton delivered the ad
dress. ' . • :
given this country kingly men, born of great
truths, nurtured in high ideas. •These were
America's noblemen, these her aristocracy,
these her high water marks, showing how full
the tide may run. Among these great men
was olaced President McKinley— a great man,
a great statesman, a great President, but. bet
,ter than. all. a srood man, a kindly, courteous
Christian sentleman. . . \ N . -.
FEATURES OF OAKLAND PARADE AMONG WHICH IS VEHICLE LATELY OCCUPIED BY McKINLEY.
Our hearts are run together in human sym
pathy, but : above our present experience we
can rise to speak of our confidence in th«
eternal God. -
..*J he £j? oir * Ied bv D - P- Hughes, sang
•Yea, Though I Walk Through the Val
ley of Death." following which, was re
sponsive Scripture reading.
James G. Maguire addressed • the con
gregation. Tennyson's "Crossing the
Ba J .I? 3 * l uns by Mrs - °- K. McMurray.
and the choir united in singing: "Lead.
This Is a day of su?h mourning as .the world
has never belore seen. The very skies are
draped seemingly in token of the people's sor
row. This Is a day of mourning, a day of
prayei\ " . .
Union services' of the First Unitarian
Church and the First Hebrew Congrega
tion were held at thd* former place of
worship. With the Rev. Benjamin Fay
Mills, minister of the church, were Rabbi
M. -Friedlauder and the trustees of the
First Hebrew Congregation, the Rev. L»
W. Schneider. James G. Masuire. Colonel
John P.. Irish, Judge Samuel P. Hall.
Judge John Stetson, John Russ and oth
ers. In part the Rev. Mr. Mills said:
Hold Union Sarvices.
Know ye not that a prince and a great man
has fallen this day in Israel T' So uttered
David in his lament over the body of his frlen.i
Abner. So the whole civilized world laments
over the body of its martyred President. For
he was a prince and a great man. He waa
a prince principally in the possession of noble
ana true manhood— for he passed unscathed
through the fires and pitfalls that have be
smirched the life and career of millions of men.
The Rev. Mr. Fraser introduced his re
marks with a passage from the Scripture,
saying:
Permit me to say that I have never witnessed
any celebration with the pride and srmtiflcatlon
that I have felt to-day. The way it was don«
appeals to me and ought to appeal to every on-3
as being one of the most solemn memorials
that could have been. •
The First Presbyterian Church was
crowded to its capacity. The Rev. C. C.
B^ker, the pastor, presided over the cere
monies and introduced the ministers from
other local Presbyterian churches, who
delivered prayer and address. The invo
cation was given by the Rev. John Mac
donald. the assistant pastor: the Rev.
Frank Stewart read tne scriptures, and
the Rev. Dwight Potter said the prayer.
Before introducing the Rev. H. W. Fraser
of Brooklyn Presbyterian Church the pas
tor paid a tribute to the patriotism of the
people of Oakland. He said:
Presbyterians Speak* Eulogies.
This is the first time that an American Pres
ident has ever been laid low by organized an
archy. If we permit the anarchists of this
country to gather together, plot to murder and
assassinate we will allow a breed of tigers to
spring up, -who will attempt to destroy those
who gave them shelter.
Anarchy, nihilism, communism or any other
ism that makes war against the Government
of the people, for the people and by the peopla
must be forever driven from the country. The
ballot box is . the sacred urn from which tha
remedy must be drawn.
Rev. E. R. Dille spoke In part aa fol
lows:
Mr. McKinley was a good man. aa well as a
great statesman. I want to congratulate our
new President. Theodore Roosevelt. Jn saying
the wise and honorable policy of 'William Mc-
Kinley will be his. No safer way could ba
pursued by the new President.
dresses were made by Senator Perkina.
the Rev. A. T. Needham of the Eighth
avenue Methodist Church. D. E. Collins,
president of the California Bank, and the
Rev. E. R. Dille, pastor of the First
Methodist Church. The Rev. J. D. Ham
mond read an original poem.
Senator Perkins said:
From Pulpits of Churches Divines
and Laymen Tell of the
Nation's Sorrow.
MINISTERS SPEAK
EULOGIES ON THE
DEAD PRESIDENT
OAKLAND PAYS A REMARKABLE
TRIBUTE TO THE DEAD PRESIDENT
FUNERAL PAGEANT
OAKLAND'S LAST
HONOR TO MARTYR
Cit zens in Every Walk of Life
March Out J of Respect to
the Dead.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1901.
6Depict^ the Last Journey of the Pres-
ident and Excoriates Vicious
- . Journals. : -V -
• Two weeks' ago td-nlght commenced at -"the
capital .of .the , nation a march - that ended to- '
day at'Cantoni Ohio.*,- The. President of the*
United iStates; in.' a : train Cthat was the ulti
mate reach/ and finish^ of ,. mechanical skill,
guarded j on every- foot \ of the rail, treasured
as -/something: priceless, be : cherished ; by
everybody.,' sat: in his car -,at .-. the end of ¦ th"
train, and the ' King of Terrors rode on - the
pilot. With covered. head, he beckoned with"
his grimly i hand; the President to his v fate- •> $
No eye saw. him,' no'. ear-heard -his threat;
and In the. daylight and the sunshine... in front
of the temple of the Pan-American "Exposition
dedicated to harmony,- the. President received
that fatal shot which, after six, long days and
nights of pain, brought him to'his death. His
murderer stands mute before his earthly
judge, . and about him is a rising ocean of
tears and Of rage sweeping! over, and sub
merging the continent, all the more violent
because it is powerless to repair the loss and
utterly incapable of punishing the crimo that
.brought the President to his death. .
Oh, my friends, of all the 'decrees of Provi
dence since this Government had exl3tpr.ee
that one whose dreadful result " you are here
to commemorate Is the most Inscrutable. We
know, and faith teaches us, that- God is wise
that His thoughts are not like our thoughts'
nor His ways like our ways; but it seems as
though I could, lift ray voice to Jehovah and
ask, "Why ; is it that a man like- William
McKinley, of j Melons purity, devoted Bon
true husband, faithful legislator,, gallant sol-'
tiler, twice elected President of -the United
States and crowned with.the blessings of all
the people, should have been put In his grave
and dishonors humanity. \ But : this hour is
sacred to sorrow' and 'resentment yields to the
tender emotions whicfi ha\'e brought us . here.
j We are .wont 'to. be a joyous people.' .We cele
brate holidays' and .welcome guests; .with gar
landed streets and decorated houses, and'sodld
we-ffb out:; dutlfuily .to; greet the. President of
the . Unite<J, States when,, it seems ' but . yester
day, he honored our city .by a visit; but well
do we remember how enthusiastically, duty was
transmuted -by his simple presence, into the
Bweetest offices of love. \ Our country's,- chosen
chief at .once i became our* friend' as. we be
came his champion; "Too brief a "time, did he
linger with us, .but Jang enough to awaken in
every holiest-, breast the slncerest appreciation
pf his virtues and his patrotlsm. ; ¦ :>¦;"
. But now he is gone forever! His last kindly
speech is /stjoken: ' "Godd-by ¦ all. . It is God's
way. Let his will, not ours,' be done."."
Good-by, William McKinley 1 .
No<>more, my friends, shall' his ¦'. Inspiring
words fall. upon 'our delighted, ears; nor shall
his eyes'again reflect the love he bore his fel
low-man; nor; shall his benignant face ever,
picture, the unfeigned joy with which hevbeV
held the reciprocal devotion ot a. happy ' and
prosperous-.people, \ . ¦ ¦ v. . .;••* ••;.,.-.;^
He Is dead . and we are- assembled to :. honor
his memory, i Let us ¦ try " to do . it worthily.;
Pur feeble expression -is. burdened, however,
with.the weight of ! sorrow.; each man's "house
is a house of mourning, but _each fireside. shall
be a temple -of fame and' a stronghold of . pa
triotism. Our people shall, in their heart of
ferings of Tthis i day, -pledge themselves to: the
God of nations- that the lesson of 'the lite and
death of "William McKinley shall not be: lost
and that the. gain in: ah aroused love of coun
try, which, would have been so pleasing in' his
eyes, -shall be equal to the magnitude of the
sacrifice. ' L«t this be our consolation. : ."We can
hot : recall ' the past. Tha President Is-dead ;
William licKinley ¦' Is no more; San Francisco,
loyal and loving," mourns passionately » at hie
grave; | but our country .survives, . made more
sacred ' still by the blood of Its martyred -l^rea
ldent and the tears of an afflicted people., j. ¦\v
PALL OF SORROW GROWS. ; \ v
' Again came the mournful .music, - this
time with : . the :¦ "Funeral- March" . from
VUotterdammerungr."" Under tne leadership
pt.Paul atelndorft Wagner's maJesUq and.
dignified march of death received, an'in
terpretation that added a higher mote ;jo
tne.surging- sorrow In the ; breasts i of all:
-•'L*acl, .Kindly Uigrit-,'" sung byJthe'cnorifs,'
followed. v.Tiien came -the prayer of Kev.
S. D.- Hutslnpiller, pronounced --over; low
ered heads,; with.' trje pair of sorrow: grow-;
ing- more. and. rnoreidismal.'.'-'- : ¦':-,: { «%' -
PEATS' FOR THE WIDOW.
i The ¦ following prayer' was delivered ; by
the Kev. SSD.'Hutsinpiiier, pastor of; thfc
Central . M.- K.; Church, yesterday: "." ¦ . ' "."
?Xord God of ;Hosts: An afflicted people is be
foie tnee. . 'x nroti&uout all the. c-arch tny chil
unn tms day hit neart ana voice ana makfe
(supplications in time of sorrow unto . tnat. Odd
wuu is tneir refuge ana strength,- *- very pres
ent help in" trouole. ¦ Thou art by Una,"- great
bereavement drawing the hearts or the nations
closer together and making the hearts oC hu
manity lo. pulsate with the impulse and affec
tion of one sacred brotherhood. We bow in
thanks to thee/ that this day the things that
are true ana honorable and beautiful ana good
and lovely and ..patriotic are uppermost In the
minds of the people of all the world.
- "VY'e desire that thy compassion and thy mer
cy, descend upon all the people, that the words
of our mouths and the imedltatlons ot our
hearts and the «¦ feelings of our better natures
may be acceptable In thy sight.' . !*
. O-Lord, our strength -and our - Redeemer,
mercifully regard all that arc in authority in
the world this day, that they may be influenced
by thy spirit with the impulses and thoughts
and '-"affections of. : universal humanity and the
supremacy of government that is righteous and
pure and fraternal and good. Be pleased to re
gard our . own . stricken: nation, O Lord God
of. our fathers, , with ; that mercy which is Sue
from .the: Infinite-- father unto- his "suffering
children. And-from. the farthest sentinel line
of our army, and navy to the most simple and
humble hearthstone of this j great people -let
there .come the Dressing of the- all-beneflcent
father and' the most ' gracious . God. And we
pray thee to bind up the fcroken : hearts of 'all
the people and to grant that the light'of thy
countenance and the comfort of thy Holy Spirit
may be .given unto the great and- unto the
humble of all this great people. ' - •
;l Lord God ot °«r fathers, thou didst guide
those who have been our rulers and our exem
plars In the past. Thou wast especially near to
him whose memory we revere, whose friendship
we prize and whose goodness and character we
lo^\ e - T . hou bas^ been to such In a » times a
pillar of cloud by day and a pillar of fire by
night, a good shepherd, a leader, a God of
love. . . "
J "We pray- thy blesslne upon" those in hleh
plnces in this land to-day that were associated
with him in the councils of the Government
and who this day are as little children in their
sorrow and in their great bereavement. Bless
all Judges, and Magistrates, • all Governors of
States and all Mayors and authorities' of citips
filess.'we beseech thee, all Senators" and Ren
rtsentatlves of Government. Bless all leaders
wI C d U , r h Ch an( \, 8tat , e « nd '8«nt that hencefo"
wtfrd the mantle of the great and good having
rested upon them and the memory of the good
and great lingering like a benediction upon us
«3jSW'*ATr&-^;^£
woman.; the chief mourner in this great land
assisted by a large- number of tbe-clefgy
of the parish. ¦ . . . '
Pontifical mass was celebrated in. St.
Patrick's Cathedral by Archbishop "Corri
gan. Half an hour before tbe mass "the
big bell in the cathedral tower began-to
toll.. Thousands were at this time hurry
ing to " the . services. It was noticeable
that- the men were dressed. In black and
that the women avoided bright" colors.
Every one wore some token of mourning.
a bit of crape tied to the buttonhole or
.pinned to. the bodice. Before the.- service
began the cathedral was crowded, there
being so many there that the aisles were
filled with kneehng and standing people,
and even the choir chancel at the left of
the altar was filled;: ' : ¦ •-¦''. .'-'¦;"--'¦
. • Governor Vocrhles .by .his presence " at
the . memorial service held in, the First
Presbyterian Church at Paterson .gave of
ficial tone to the exercises, which ¦; were
also attended by the city and county of
ficials and the officers of the Mexican
<3overnmentwho are superintending work
at one of the shipyards. ¦ ' . - • .
Hum of Great City Hushed:
CHICAGO/ Sept. ' 19.— The " noises bt a
great city were hushed for, five '. minutes
to-day while mourning ." thousands Ddid
their tribute to' the. memory of .Williami
'McKfnley. The "silence was ¦brokerr'bn.iy.
by muffled bells, tolling off the - fifty
eight illustrious years of the dead Presi
dent's life, or voices raised in singing,
"Nearer, My God. to Thee," or '.'Lead,
Kindly Light." The demonstration took 1
place during the afternoon and was -timed
to be in unison with the last- rites at Can-;
ton. The parade came to a' respectful,
standstill at 2:30 o'clock. Street car traf
'fic suddenly ceased and pedestrians halted
on the sidewalks. .' • :',--, : ' '•- "¦' ¦
, The, funeral procession started' at 2
p. m. In it was the carriage in which the
President two years ago rode through the.
streets of Chicago, bowing and smiling
to the -applauding people. The same -,bay
horses which drew him then drew the ve
hicle to-day, empty, -save for the flowers
which " rested in it. Over it was iiimjj
a flag, under .which the late President had
marched in times of triumph In Washing
ton, in .Canton and in Chicago. The pro
cessloni in which -there were from 20,000
to' 25*000 men, was led by General Joseph
Stockton, who was' marshal of the memo
rial, parade following . Garfleld's -death.
.ThercEras. scarcely a pretense of business,
scarcely a building witnout its symbol. of
mourning. -In -nearly every church during
the forenoon memorial services wore
Tield. ." -. ' ; ; .-v: <-. : "
impressive : 'demonstrations.'
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 19.— Impressive dem
onstrations Jn* honor, of the memory -ofe
Fre3iderit McKiuie^ were held in this -city;
and East St. Louis, where emblems of
mourning and half-masted flags were' to
be seen on every hand. : Business was en
tirely suspended.' Churches of every-de
nomination joined in memorial services,
"and several public , meetings jwere also
h*eld.. At the; Coliseum'President'McKin
ley's favorite" hymns were • sung )»v~' a
chorus of 1000 voices. . ¦ ¦ ' ¦ J '
BLOOMIN«TON, 111., Sept. 19.— Former
Vice President Stevenson delivered the
principal address at the McKinley memo
rial • services here . to-day. He eloquently
eulogized the departed President and ad
vocated stringent laws to prevent the.im
migration of dangerous foreign classes.
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, Sept. 19.—
Honof was paid to the memory of Presi
dent McKinley to-day throughout the
State. In Salt Lake City, Ogden, Provo,
Park City and other cities memorial'serv
ices were- held in.- the churches,, which
¦were packed with, sorrowing people. -In
the big mining camps the miners attend
ed special services in honor of • the-<lead
President, the mine buildings and. shafts
being draped in black*.' ;In Salt Lake City
business was absolutely suspended, and
nearly every business block and many
private residences were heavily draped.
At Fort Douglass and other* army posts
all drills were -suspended and .a.'Presi
dential salute of twenty-one -guns -was
fired at noontime."" • • ." ./
Grover Cleveland's : Tribute.
PRINCETON. N. J.. Sept.; 19/— All
forrrfal exercises at» Princeton-'/University
were suspended to-day, and at 11 o'clock
memorial exercises were held in Alexan
der Hall. The faculty and board of trus
tees attended the exercises In their gowns,
without their hoods. The big hall was
filled with students and visitors as the
faculty, led by former President Cleve
land and President Patton, slowly filed
up tho aisle to the rostrum. President
Patton opened the exercises with prayer,
read the Forty-sixth Psalm, made a few
remarks eulogizing the late President and
introduced Mr. Cleveland, who with tears
In his .eyes eulogized the dead President.
Mr. Cleveland said in part:
To-day the rrave closes over the man that
has been chosen by the people of the United
States to reDresent their country, to protect
and defend their constitution, to faithfully
execute the laws made for their welfare and
to safely uphold the integrity of the republic.
He passes from the public sight, not bearing
the wreaths and garlands of his countrymen's
approving acclaim, but amid the sobs and tears
of a mourning nation. The whole nation loved
their President. His kindly disposition and
affectionate traits, his amiable consideration
for all around him, will long be in the hearts
of his countrymen. He loved them in return
with such patriotism end unselfishness that In
this hour of their grief and humiliation he
would say to them, "It Is God's will: I am
content. If there Is a lesson In my life or
death, let it be taught to those who still live
and have the destiny of their country in their
kcplns." ,- -
There is a most eerious lesson for all of tin
In. the tragedy of our late President's death.
If we ar« to escaoe further attacks upon our
peace and security we must boldly and reso
lutely grapple with the monster of anarchy. It
Is not a thing that we can safely leave to be
dealt with by party or partisanship. Nothing
can guarantee us against its menace, except
the teaching and the practice of the best citi
zenship, the exposure of the ends and alms of
the rospel of discontent and hatred of social
order «nd the brave enactment and execution
of repressive laws.
Missourlans Mourn
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept. 19.— Fully 23,
000 people of all races, in the great audi
torium at Convention. Hall, this afternoon
lifted their voices in loving tribute to the
memory of President McKinley. The
building was taxed to Its utmost capacity,
people standing in every available foot of
room. Twenty thousand other*, it Is esti
mated, were turned away, unable to gain
admission to the hall. It was the great
est public demonstration ever" witnessed
In this rlty. The exercises had been ar
ranged by a committee of business men
nnd were participated In ¦ by ' numerous
civic and political societies, Grand Army,
Confederate and Spanish war veterans,
school children by tho hundreds and peo
ple from all walks of Ufa.. Addresses ex
tolling the greatness and goodness of the
late President were delivered. by leading
divines, representative of different de
nominations. A grand chorus, of 700 peo
ple, .with a band of 100 pieces, furnished
tho muale.
Continued on Pace Sixteen.
"I^ead. Kindly Ldght." "Nearer, My God.
to'Theo" nnd "America"- wero rendered
with tremendous effect, tho entire • audi
ence of over 20,000 men, women -and chil
dren joining In singing the words. Inter
spersing tho addresses and flinging, tho
BALTIMORE. <¦ Sept. ¦¦ . . 19.-Me
morial services were almost
universal to-day "throughout
this State. .Perhaps, the. most
important and -impressive were
the ceremonies -at the cathe-'
dral ia -this -city, at which Car-*
dinal Gibbons delivered, the following
eulogy:
It has been my melancholy experlerice in the
course of my sacred ministry to be startled by.
the assassinations of three Presidents of- the
Vnlted States. ' .
In the annals of crime It is difficult to find an
Instance of murder eo atrocious, i eo wanton
and meanineless as the assassination, of Mr.
McKinley. . ... ,V
Whatever may nave been the errors of Judg-;
ment on the 'part of the late President (and
who Is free from them?) no man can honestly
charge him with tyranny or ornclal corruption.
The Redeemer of mankind was - betrayed by
the universal symbol of love. If I may rev
erently make the comparison, the President was
betrayed by the universal emblem of friendship."
The President could have said to his slayer:
"Betrayest. thou the head of the nation with'
the grasp of the hand?" He was struck down
surrounded by a host of his fellow-citizens,
every one of whom would gladly have risked
his life in defense of his beloved chieftain.' ,
Few Presidents were better equipped than
Mr. McKinley for the exalted position which
lie filled.
As President he was thoroughly conversant
with the duties of his office and could enter
into its most minute details. His characteristic
virtues were courtesy and politeness, patience
and forbearance and masterly self-control un
der very trying circumstaijees. When .unable*
to grant a favor he had the rare and happy
talent to disappoint the supplicant without of-,
fending him. The domestic virtues of Mr Mc-
K:inley were worthy of all praise. He was a'
Aiodel . husband. Amid the pressing and ! en-"
grossing duties of his official life he would,'
from time to time, enatch a few moments to"
devote to the invalid and loving partner of his
joys and sorrows. - - ,
Anarchy Must Be Crushed.
It is a Bad reflection that some fanatic or
miscreant has it in .hie power to take the life
of the head of the nation and to throw .the
whole country in|.o mourning. . It "was no doubt
this thought that inspired' some writers within '<
the last few days to advise that the President
henceforth abstain from public receptions • and
handshaking and that greater protection should
be given to. his person. . ._ .
Tou might have him surrounded with co-"
horts, defended with bayonets and have. him.
followed by argus-eyed detectives and vet he
will not be proof against* the stroke of the as-:
sassin. Are not tbe crowned beads - of -Europe
usually attended- -by military forces, .' -and yet ;
how marf of ihfia have perished at. the hand"
of some criminal. "JCo. 'let the. President con
tinue to move amons his -people and take them
ly the hand. The strongest shield of our chief
magistrate is tire love and devotion of his fel-'
low-citizens. The most effective way to stop
euch crimes is to inspire. the rising generation
with greater reverence for the constituted - au
thorities and a greater horror for any insult
or injury to their peson. '. All seditious lan
guage should be suppressed. Incendiary speech
is too often an incentive to the acts of violence
to many with whom the transition from words
to deeds is easy. •• • -. . •
Let it be understood, once for oil, that the .
euthoritles are determined to crush the serpent
of anarchy whenever it lifts its venomous
head. ¦ . -. *
We have prp.yed for tbe .President's life, but
it did cot please God to grant our petition.
Let ao one in: er from this - that our prayers
¦were- in vain. No fervent prayer ascending to
the throne of heaven remains unanswered. (Jod
answers our petitions either directly or indi
rectly. If he does not grant us what we ask
he gives us something equivalent or better. If
he has not saved the life of the President he
preserves the life of the nation, which is of
more importance than ths life of an indi
vidual. He has infused into the hearts of the
American people a greater reverence for the
h»ad of the nation and a greater abhorrence
of assassination. Ke has intensified and ener
gized our love of country and our devotion to
cur political Institutions.
The President is dead! Long live the Presi
dent '. "William McKinley has passed away,
-honored and mourned by the nation. ! Theodore
Roosevelt succeeds to the honors and to the
responsibilities cf tbe Presidential office. Let
bis fellow-citizens rally around him. Let them
uphold and sustain him in bearing the for
midable burden suddenly thrust upon him.
May he be equal to the emergency and fulfill
his duties with credit to himself, and may his
administration redound to the peace and pros
perity of the American people.
Observed by All Religions.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— All business, ex
cept work of necessity, was suspended in
this city to-day in respect to the memory
of President HcKinley and the day of
mourning was observed by persons of all
religions. In all churches and In the syn
agogues special services were held and
public meetings were held at various
places, at which addresses were made eu
logistic of the life and public services of
the dead President. In marked contrast
to the ordinary holiday custom here all
sporting events scheduled for to-day, were
either abandoned or postponed. The pub
lic golf links In the parks were closed.
In addition to the closrng of stores, banks
and other places of business it was an
nounced that all streetcar and railroad
traffic would stop for a period of five min
utes at the time the funeral services were ¦
to begin at Canton.
At the time set for the removal "of the
late President's remains to the cemetery
the Commercial Cable Company's cables
and land lines In America, England, Ire
land, Scotland. FYance and the Azore Isl
ands were silent for five minutes. Tho
lines of the Postal Telegraph Company
observed the Fame -eremony and the :
leased wire . system of the Associated
press also suspended. The Western Union
Telegraph Company observed holiday
hours throughout Its entire system and all
signaling on the international cables and
land lines of the Western Union Telegraph
Company's central office was suspended,
every instrument being silenced for five '
minutes. . •
Fully 20,000 people crowded Into Madison
Square Garden In the afternoon and stood
for the most part with uncovered heads
while a - band gave a concert. "Nearer.
My God, to Thee." "l>ead. Kindly Light"
and the dead march In "Saul" were
played. A memorial musical service was
also held in Union square during the hour
of the funeral at Canton, which thousands
attended.
Tbf memorial services in the crypt of
the Cathedral of St. John the Divine, on
Mornlngslde Heights, at which Bishop
Potter aefisted. were of such Interest that
more than 16,000 persons endeavored to at
tend them. Of this number about 1200 ob
tained admission to the crypt, which has
accommodations for a seated congrega
tion of SOO. The result was that the crypt
was go crowd 3d that a man and , two
women fainted. Fifteen thousand persons
were turned away, and some of them at
tended overflow services In the chapel at
Et. Luke'» Hospital and on tha steps of
Columbia University.
Bishop Potter Speaks.
The leading Ihoujrht in Bishop Potter'!
ecrmon was expressed In theso words: "
Men nnd brethren. In this nolemn and au
rust moment w« thould remember that we can
not hav» the freedom of a republic without the^
rtapcniilbilltl'i of e republic. We mum have
a great •yatem of fre* education, a iy«tem
that will reach and enllrhten the perverted
mlndi of all pemons of whatever ¦**. *o as
to irlva them true comprehension of. the pnn
rtJea underlylnr our Government.
7-atcr Bishop Potter attended old Trin
ity Church, where he conducted the regu
«r burial service of the Episcopal church,
He became Governor of his 8tate. elected by
the largest popular majority that any Governor
ever was elected by in his State, and" became
the logical candidate for the Presidency of the
With the great* measures of finance always
before him.- handling the great revenue system
of: the country, where,; if he had one touch of
cupidity In his nature he could have amassed
a fortune as great as some, other gentlemen
have done, . he went to Congress without a
dollar and never 'made a dollar, or received
one. except the meager salary a Congressman
receives, during all of his career. .A Spartan
simple .in his habits, without personal ambi
tion., he marched through life and did his duty
without ostentation . as few • men' have ' ever
dene. > ,' . ; r. ' ..¦,-'.
, He embarked upon the study of the law and
practiced his profession with honor. ' His
peculiar abilities for keen and concise state
ment of public questions soon brought him into
request and after eight or nine years of pri
vate life the district In which he lived sent
him to Congress. _ There, for seven successive
terms, for fourteen years, I this friend of ours
tolled and labored for. the public good. No
man has ever lived in this country whose am
bition has been as pure, whose life has been
as devoid of what we might term the arts and
the tricks of the politician. »
Of that stock he came. 'He was of "the
people;, not. .'.'born in- the purple," butvessen
tlRlly, in every respect, of the common people.
His -education had : but scarcely- begun" at a
country ; academy when - the Civil War found
him. a. soldier .under the flag-.- , At-: 18 -years' of
age,-beard»e"ss.. clear-eyed",- this handsome .boy
shouldered his musket and .went out as a sol
dier of the Union.!- Promotion was rapid—com
missary sergeant.' second lieutenant, first lieu
tenant, .captain: and major by brevet; and he
came -home every, Inch of, : him a soldier, -better
and nobler for - ; the 'struggles- in which he' had
taken- part sand." In -which he had borne him
self so '.nobly-,. and of which we have no time
here 'to speakV .."•:
•"Many of them I know» personally^ and there
were never men better. fitted -.to establish gov
ernment, and make : a magnificent prosperity
than the colonists that are now on the banks
of the Musklngum." ¦ -¦" • ¦•.¦•..¦';.••-; {
, It Js said that. Socrates died like a philoso
pher, and that he * who perished on the cross'
with the rent veil and the rocking-.' earth '. died
like a God. :. .-.What shall be said of the. death
of this man who from the hour.of.hls wound
•accepted \ it; • with resignation and gentlonesa
and: bade- farewell M'ithout fear, to all t that
made life happy. ! to honor, hope and=Itfe : and
descended,: leaving all behind him,, into- such
a grave ?> This great man was for all ths world
the perfect type of that which a system of gov
ernment and common education, such as exist
under the constitution of the United States can
develop. ,' .Born in the -State of Ohio, his an
cestors' a part -of that, band • of- patriots -that
moved, into the; north west, territory and formed
the State— those men of whom ' Washington
said::-' . :V.'! ¦..- •-.-¦•¦ ¦-¦•,¦.•¦-.- .' : - •,--.;¦¦¦¦; • -. .• i
Career of. Spotless Honor.
- -And .as "the Hrain-disappeared you could see
his .lips, still -in .the', farewell swords,
VGo6d-by.V'"i\Wh6 'would have -thoughf-.that, in
so short a time; from such- a; cause,- he would
He'dylng on his_ bed of, agony,: saying to those
about hUn In that same. sweet voice and with
that ineffably; -gentle mariner, T"Good-by' all,
good-by;" - It j Is - God's^ way. - Let his will, not
ours, be done."- -".- i ¦/ ¦¦ • ¦ : ¦',>'•-. '.-
We' prayed for. her life* and no one, thought
of his. :*. Who thought to pray • God ' to keep
William. McKinley from assassination? "Who
ever dreamed, that such: a: contingency could
come.. The morning of.the day he went away,
wrapped in the dignity of his own magnificent
presence and- underneath' the flag of -his "coun
try Uhat shivered to the -breeze and shone In
the" morning, sun. : the . crowd about; the' train
Btretched-'Out: their hands in bentson "andihe
stood- bareheaded on '-the platform ¦'until: his
voice was lost' In the chorus -of love that sang
in-hlsears. ...We- hear,d him sajr,. all
B8od-by,sgood-by;".;^f .¦'.:—. -: * •" - - "¦ -.; •'
In i the ! presence of. an Impending domestic
sorrow we thought of. him and the good prayed
for him and when .we saw .his '.-'gentle .'and be
nign face no.loneer In our midst, -which had
become so familiar;'- when .we could' listen no
longer to. his inspiring and patriotic- thoughts,
there- was - not \ a household in. San -Francisco
that-, did not, at -its altar of ' worship, '¦¦ pray
that he and his' might go ' in safety, the - long
Journey, to the capital of = the nation and; that
the great sorrow, that hung over^hlm here
might be put away from his dear lips and that
the sweet companion . of his early trials and
later triumphs might live to 'see his magnificent
career rounded out in full and descend -hand
in; hand .with : him to a- happy < and glorloiis
sunset,- -.. ' "¦¦ . ¦_ ¦-. :,.'.'. .'¦... '¦:¦ ¦-.¦-¦.-.•.¦¦.-.''
It was but a short time ago, it seems, since
this friendof ours left the r capitalto pass over
the lands of his . country r and ¦¦ everywhere t he
went he vras surrounded by ; admiring -crowds,
cheered by the applause of millions. ;-. At . last
he ; came to us. • With what pleasure ,.we wel
comed him I need not. speak. Weiwere. drawn
near to him, not so much, because' of -¦ his high
station as -because of * the intense humah-aym
pathy- that while he was here enveloped: him
like. a. garment and held him to ourj hearts, i
Death a Shock.
by such an- instrument?" How shall we an
swer the -:questlon?. • All we ', can-do -• is to
"stretch . faint hands of/, faith -and* grope, and
gather '.dust and chaff; and. call on. what' wa
feel ' is > Lord of all , and ' faintly •' trust the
larger rhope." For myself ,. I * cannot ¦ realize
this .thing./ It seems like. 6ome. hideous night
mare,. Thenation stands— and. oh, how. "mall
the world Is .wlien It- is bound . together- by a
cbmmon' instinct, 1 . and • a .common sympathy^
the world has stood to-day ¦ bareheaded before
a single grave, and it asks," as I ask, -why is
it?. Did he die for his sins, 'or, like. Christ,
did he die for ours? I cannot realize It. - It
seems' as though these" great clouds that hang
m mourning unison over this city, to-day must
roll . a\ray; . these emblems of mourning, must
turn into those of Joy,, and that,Vwe? shall
wake ourselves from slumber to know that all
the sorrow we have had' and- are-. having was
but the passing' dream of a vnight. :>..,,;'
| Then;: came the /scathing - denunciation
of thetagents.and provokers.of the crime
The t audience 'eould not . restrain- itself
rrom^ applause.- Excoriating -the- pencll
ers : and -the writers '.-who so ; vilified the
President, .General. Barnes was' forced to
halt-ins'his . 'eulogy , on ..account of the
punctuating: wave of -approval that swept
over the. vast gathering from the door ;to
the lastjtier of the gallery, seats. ' - - -•-
.'••In this t spirit of .'almost pious' reverence
General Barries found "his audience when
he advanced, to* the speaker's stand to
pronounce the^eulogium;:- His "address was
characteristically < eloquent; 'strong and
moying^ ;;lniits first vsentencis. he- caught
his.* audience; -'.in*/ rapt -.attention ¦ all
hungiupon the. words that- fQUAwed.-- His
vptee~ at Jtlmffivautvereil^with^enaotlon^
General BarriptDourea.. out "his itneed of,
resgecu- and ."iiohor,- to" ;McKlnley • iri . truly
greftt. -oratorical""-: fashion. >yT.he^';audlence
-w r a8.with' 'him "when hfs ¦ tender meinorial
¦pictured the departed ,Presidehtin-all. the
glory, of a- life of inteerityy. probity and
honor. .-.Tears trickled -down- the- faces of
tho-- women rdn theaudience>whenithe de
votion of a lifetime by -PresldentMUcKin
.ley. to.-hte-.wlfe was ...portrayed : with" pa
thetic eloquence. . • " * '.;¦", . . /• " r ; •
i Hardly,^ Jiad "tbe^;iast sounds of .the
chantfcrs cdied-^away i when; every man,
wqrnani.f. and^><ihild • V rose" \ for the
of ".A'.'Nearetv.IMy God, to- Thee."
Soldiiers,:saH6rs,"rnen In the! consular serv-
Ice.'v judgesiVState. 'officials— air joined in
.unison,-,'- Accompanied -byi- the orchestra
this i clioir of : rriariy.; thousand voices sang
out ;the(r. hearts' -burden of sorrow in the
last earthy . devotion .to ' William i McKin
ley:.-..:And-np:-less moving- was Signorina'
Nlce/Barbareschl's "A ve Maria,". . .,.'?.- '
,t The. ; .cha'ntirig 'of •'¦ the -iiord's Prayerv. by
the ' vKnicHcrbbcker, Elks', j and ' California
quaftets ;relievod":fOr :-¦« a .space the pro
tipunced depression that i rested -upon 'the
audience, '-I'S;*; '¦-¦:'.'.,:•¦'.'.*: •¦. ' «•» :":•¦ . > •¦;
Accept our. thanksgiving, 7 O God our Father,
that this man, to whom < we pay tribute in mem
ory, in music, in prayer, in oration, in tears,
In kindly words, 'and in noblest thoughts, has
lived among us, has been our leader, has been
our friend. We thank thee that we have seen
the-.light' of his. eyes, V heard the music of his
voice, felt .the warmth of his brotherly hand,
known the goodness and greatness of his char
acter and have, > in some sense, partaken of his
principles "and his . manhood. . Accept the trib
ute -./we'brlng-^ur sorrow, our "tears, our eulo
glunis,-our music, our flowers, our consecration
to-.-his'God and. his- country, -and his principles
and his Ideals of 'manhood, his -faith, in. God.
and: in" the -thiners^that • are purest and ; beet.
Merciful God, , pour T thy spirit upon this:con
gregation in . unisori ¦ with- great: congregations
throughput the' length and -breadth of this land
:tOrday.i Bring- us through'. our sorrow and our
battles, "through: our- tears . and our' Joys in the
pathway, of thoseithatthave gone before us and
conquered nobly, :until at last we all come home
by.^thy' name to."glorjv . Ameh.v- j ; . •" .;-.
Merciful ;.God, . with wisdom from on high,"
blesa' the of the United States In
thede trying vdays of his; sudden and new re
sponsibilities.;: Give » him that wisdom which
becomes the chief-.-masistrate of this land. Give
him the hearts ano^' prayers and support of all
the people of this.Igoodly. nation. ¦
to-day. Bind up her broken heart, j give to her
the- kits of the angel of peace, turn thou her
affliction * into i serenest hope , and ¦ into blessed
consolations and comforts through' thy divine
grace. ¦¦.¦"..¦.¦¦.; ¦ . _ . ,
Continued on Pnjje - Thirteen.
Tho public pattenc«haa been taxed enough.
Public endurance, had reached Ita limit, And
hit who from thta day forth— and the American
!>eopl« irweur. It standing around that iiolltary
grave at Canton— h« who asaaiU without Juat
cau«! the honor. Yubllc Integrity and character
of thoae' selected to preside t over the de»tlnlea
of the. nation. (I do not refer to .fair criticism,
but you know tn what t refer)-he who Indulges
In that crime shall die.* (Applause.)
Let u* cnntthe vail over what 1* gone. Let
uh leavs the . story of Hbel, of caricature, of
mlnrrpresentatlon. of tho habitual holding out
of this man, auch-ai wn knew him, to thoaa
who did not know him ai an opprssior and a
tyrant and the enemy of hi* time. Let u« l«av«
all that hehlml. Hut thla la certainly th« hour
for American citizens to ¦«>" that herfuftir
there "muitbe no more of that policy of do
traotlon. (Applause.) \ , . ; '
I say again we do . not understand why. ~ We
know that the man was absolutely pure in life.
We know that he waS the Incarnation of Jus
tice. ,\Ve know that he "loved everybody and
hated nothing but sin. .Why did he, die? I
nsked that question before. There are subjects
that might be hfre discussed, but, aa the Mayor
nalii In his opening address to you, this is not
ths time nor the place to Indulge in recrimina
tion nni dlscHjBlon . of now. vivid and pressing
queHtlons, " . . \ . ¦¦
Tet in the midst of this glory with his dream
unfinished, .his work undone, he dies, and the
poor woman he had loved so ; well and cared
for so tenderly stands to-day -by his dead body
and | remains in Canton a desolate and child
less widow-- There is nothing in the history of
man more pathetic than this story. There Is
no tale that the human imagination can Invent
more calculated to touch the heart than this
ll'e and the agony of his death. ¦- ¦¦
Must "Wipe .Out Anarchy.
He served, » his term and was elected again.
He had lived to .see. the principles advocated
hy him triumphantly 1 successful. He had. seen
the country happier than it had been for. many
years, enjoying greater prosperity than it had
ever been Its fortune to experience; all classes
and' conditions of men better, 'wiser. • happier:
more in the house, more schools, • more churches
and ¦ more development on every side. He con
ducted the country through a foreign war,
forced I upon his Judgment, but- which, once
embarked upon; filled the full measure of na
tional expectation, and made the flag of our
country as respected abroad as it was loved
At home.
¦While we ".sorrow at ":the- great calamity that
has befallen the nation let each one, of us re
member that he Is a sovereigrn'in this land. If
we'do our duty this Government' will '.be as It
was. as- it Is 'and as it Is J destlned : .to f be— the
grandest, greatest and best ¦ > Government on
God's footstool. Our dear President Is gone
and we have a small grain of consolation in
the thought that our great loss is his eternal
gain. Our prayers of sympathy go out to his
afflicted wife, for we all feel that we have sus
tained a personal loss: Let Us renew to-day
cur vows of fealty on the altar of patriotism
and strive to live better lives. When our time
shall come to follow our illustrious chief may
Tjnited States. We know what that campaign
wad. I/his Is not the time. nor the place to
discuss his principles and his political views.
Suffice 'it to say that they met with the. ap
proval cf a majority of his • countrymen, and
he took his seat in Washington as the execu
tive head" of seventy-five millions of people,
adored by those who had placed him there and
infinitely respected by those whose views dif
fered from his upon political and economical
questions. ..; , . ¦ . ..
• To-daywe have Roosevelt as.: President and
the' most beautiful tribute- he. could pay to his
predecessor '¦ Is his announced intention to carry
out McKinley' s, policy. .God. help him to carry
out- the mission-of McKinley, the greater part
of which has -already been performed.
- McKinley .won . hla epaulettes at Gettysburg.
•He was" successively- Congressman, Governor
of his State and 'President for two terms.- His'
promotion to r.the. last' exalted office made him
more. modest and more unassuming, if possible.
He -was loyal to : his friends and his devotion
to his mother and. his wire was a beautiful
trait', in his character. He was a religious, a
great, a'pu're/ a good man. It will be a long
while before his- place can be filled. I believe
in immortality. in heaven and If there is any
immortality.; on 1 earth the name of McKinley
will endure as long as the , government by the
people' and for the people exists. Anarchy can
never b'.ot his memory out. .
His Splendid Career.
McKinley took the reins bf -government,' when
there yras/ a greats industrial ¦ depression and
a want of confidence on therpart of the people.
He inspired new confidence ¦ and- the sun- of
prosperity' ¦ shone with renewed refulgence. . It
seems- indeed that the inscrutable ways of
Providence; are past • finding out. .Why , Is;- It
that so good a man is taken from us at this
time? -But" Lincoln and. Garfield were taken
away and both of these were good men. The
¦inarchist and communist, however, are power
less to destroy. the Government, for no one man
is essential to' Its union and perpetuity. An
archy or nihilism can have no growth on Amer
ican soil; ''public sentiment will stamp it out,
tor.', the salety ,pf_thfe. nation demands it.' ' '. ¦
¦ • A sreat- nation "'lies bowed- down in sorrow,
there is grief in every home and.ali civilised
countries stand appalled that one, so beloved as
our late lamented President should - have been
struck do4vn by the hand, of a ruthless assassin.
McKinley- was enshrined ' in hearts of- his
countrymen^; We was; especially.; in touch, witft
the 'peo^jof California, ; whom : he <had ;com
pletely vtbti' by his genial;- pleakant nature, '.his
kindly "'rnanner andi his 'benlsn ¦ patience - so
strongly J*n£ attested '-oiv.the , occasion, of > his v re
cent •• visit i t<> San , Francisco. -• /He ; was *ia " the
broadest: *ense . a ( typical- American -.who "had
elected" Himself by his -own • energy- arid, fidel
ity to ; : principle, thought ' lacking/the ; Influence
b£ ¦' .weattlW,and society. . ' "'. .?-» .>T:'"J -'.•¦'-.
Nation' Bowed in Sorrow.
.' The " services opened with . the singing of
"Nearer, My God,- to Thee"; by , thefentire
congregation, after: which Rev., Dr..VEld
rldge pronounced- the invocation, in which
heprayed that God's kindest grace would
abide with the J grief-stricken widow.
"Lead, Kindly Light," was. then sung. by
the^cholrand Dr. Hemphill made a few
Introductory remarks, iri' -which * he - ex
pressed gratification at the presence of
the large and representative audience. He
referred to Senator Perkins. and Horace
Davis- ¦ as- representative men who had
come to utter their meed" of -loving p'ralse
for one.who was universally beloved. Sen
ator Perkins followed with a touching-ad
dress, in which the. true worth and beau
tiful character, of the dead chief were ex
tolled in a voice that trembled -.with emo
tion. ' Senator. Perkins -said- in part: .;- (
'i ¦'¦':. ¦¦.', ¦*' edifice \ was crowded '.with a
congregation -which testified its; sincere
sorrow^at^ the untimely; taking off of the
riationts. beloved chief magistrates Loving
and \ heartfelt i panegyrics delivered
by United States Senator George C. Per
kins 5 and .ex-Congressman Horace- Davis,
both of whom had known. the *dead Presi
dent in life,' and Rev. Dr.. John Hemphill,
pastor, of ¦ Calvary Church.,;:' As the words
were uttered tellinc of the manly • virtues
of f SieKinley there were • few- dry r eyes
apiong'the sorrowful listeners. '• "',' ;
Seated-.on the platform with: the eulo
gists were Rev.. George C. Elflridge; pastor
of St. John's - and : Rev. Dr. H.' H. Bell ,
pastor of the First • United : Presbyterian
ChurchJ!. "¦";•" : "¦';• " :"'\'.'.' -' ¦ . ;. .':'"..
'/<^^>K. IMPLE yet impressive were-the
ft^ ,^r .• memorial 'services, in .honor,. of
late President. .William
fe^^^Sk McKinley, held at St. John's-
; Calvary Presbyterian :.Church
yesterday morning? The sacred
ELOQUENT WORDS BY ARCHBISHOP
After the singing of "Rock of Ages" by
the choir Rev. Dr. Bell pronounced the
benediction and the congregation rever
ently filed out of the church.
. Perhaps at this very moment the bodv of our
slain brother is bein^ reverently lifted to his
last resting place. In this hour let hand cl.i3p>
hand and swear renewed allegiance to the coun
try for which the stricken chief magfstrato
lived and died, ¦ tet vour prayers «-o up for the
successor 'to God's ..bra ve3t. God's grands?.
Ood's greatpst man. God bless and keep thta
natirn nrtd bring anarchy to a sneedy end ,in
the United States and all the world.
Anarchy Is bloody treason, for It planned- th*
malignant, cowardly assassination of a nation's
ruler. What a mistake it made in killing Mc-
Klnley,-;for in killing him it killed itself. Xt it
is not yet dead we as a nation must arise and
deal to it Its death blow. Anarchy must not be
tolerated in this free country any more. We
should not permit red-handed assassins to en
joy - its nrotection or breathe its native air.
We should hold them as a menace to the na
1 Inn's welfare.
. His was an ideal death for a Christian pa
triot to die. .Mysterious to us, but not to God.
with' whom there are no mysteries. Perhaps
there was no better way, no better time for him
to pass away, placed as he was In the very
zenith of his power. He died like a devout
Christian In the sure and certain hope of im
mortality. His was a' glorious death. Tho
memory of the just is blessed. God ble*s3 the
memory of 'William McKinley. ,
An Ideal Death to Die.
> If anarchy sntist'have a victim .why select
such a. man, who was born of th© people, and
was but living for the people's Interests? Ha
was a plain, honest, man with a benevolent,
true and grand heart. His affection for his lov
ing wife but increased with her invalldlsm. and
liisted through all the triumphs of the White
House. . Best of all his good qualities, and they
were many, he was a devout Christian, a fol
lower of ¦ Jesus Christ, living always near to
God. . :
• Of "the. deep damnation - of his. taking off I
cannot trust myself to speak. The enormity of
the ¦ crime demands- that we should find the
plotters'whq aided, abetted and incited the red
handed anarchist to his, hellish deed, and that
adequate punishment , lie meted out to them.
iFe and 1 they together must make. to a bereaved
ration the. full atonement for their cursed and
¦wretched, aet- - The spirit that struck down a
good man must perish. Justice iaf a holy thing
and is - quite as ne'edful as mercy. Any mis
taken kindness to. the guilty. is mistaken cru
elty to the innocent. The gaping- wounds of
McKinftjy.: cry out for vengeance.
After the placing of, two beautiful wreaths
on the bier of the fallen magistrate I bid you
tt.rry a little longer until' I have placed a sprig:
of Irish heather beside them. I do it In love
for the dead man and the nation for which he
d!:ed: ¦ He needs no eulogy ; -his . good deeds
si:eak-for themselves. He has reached the land
o:! the living and we are in the land of th«
dying. ; If we by prayer are lifted up to a no
b' er and more strenuous life and are made to
soefthe. justification' of .the ways of providence
then -these services :ha\%: not been held In vain.
Needs Ho Eulogy.
Eloquent . and forceful wag the eulogy
delivered by- Rev. Dr. Hemphill. In vig
orous language he denounced the perpe
trators of the cowardly deed which had
deprived the nation of Its idolized ruler,
saying' In part:
"Reciprocity treaties' are in harmony with the
times, measures of retaliation are not," will
live- forever.' ¦
.He -'was a man of . religious purpose. As a
servant of the Prince of , Peace, he. loved peace.
He believed in the settlement of international
disputes "by arbitration -rather than at the
rr.outh of the cannon. His last speech at the
Pan-American exposition Is a grand effort
worthy of our best study. Hl» closing words.
. Why is this man so dear to ; the people oflth«
United' States. Not any man since Lfncolii so
touched the hearts of the people as • McKinley.
His statesmanship is a matter of • historical
record. ¦ If we look to his character we find an
affectionate husband; a kfndly, considerate man
to, the 'Weak and humble. He was a man of
st«rn- Integrity In business and public affairs.
He . was- a- patriot 'devoted to his country,' but
hi3 ; greatest attribute, one inclosing alt his
other noble qualities, was his trust In . an in
finite God. ..•;.
• : ,Let ,ms ask you to turn, your minds to scenes
of . four months ago when, wo -were all eager
•with the expectation ¦ of welcoming ' President
MuKinley.' Then "the- houses and streets were
bright with banners— to-day how different. Thj
streets aro draped with the badge of mourning.
To-day we are gathered not to honor, his pres
ence but to revere his memory, for ha has be
comerthe victim of an assassin. I. feel that we
have a' deeper;. personal. Interest In his death In
consequence of his visit. You suffered '.with
him In the hours of his trials in his own house
hold and your prayers and hopes followed hi ai
across the mountains. »;. t" a •¦:¦'¦ «•.
A • Sorrowful Contrast.
•Horace Davis was the next speaker and
PSicV a.,, beautiful tribute to the late Presi
dent. .Among other things "he, said: y
*i'Good-by/all.'r It Is God's way.' Let his will.
not. ours, be -done." . ¦:. -
¦wo -be- able to exclaim, with a spirit as recon
ciled as -his: ¦ ¦ - . ....<..
PUBLIC MEMORIAL SERVICES AT PAVILION
Continued From- Page . One.
Cardinal Gibbons and Former Presi=
dent Grover Cleveland Deliver
) Touching Eulogies.
ReV. Dr. Hemphill of Calvary De
livers Panegyric
Services;
Prominent Statesmen and Prelates
Among Speakers at Services
Throughout Union.
Horace Davis and Senator Perkins
Eulogize flcKInley at St.
John's Church.
/ V "The public 'patience has been taxed. en bug,h;'*v Public endurance has reached his limit. And he who
from this day. forth— and the American -people^ that i solitary grave at Canton
he who, assails without" just causa the honoT,J public* integrity and character of "those selected to preside
over the destinies of .the nation (I do not -refer Jtp.faifj, criticism, but, you know to -what Irefer)— he who
indulges in that crime shall die."-^ General jW^H^LC'Bwrnes. - ? : -. ¦ *
"There is- scarcely a man in our country proihiiient in. .any way-r-statesman, ' banker, merchant,
railway manager; clergyman even — that has not somewhere. his; would- bo Nemesis, some lunatic with" a
sensational newspaper: and a pistol prepaTCdHo^ke'iis life."-— David St'arr Jordan. . • "- *.'<j&\-[- '¦¦'¦¦ -^ - "
is bloody treason, for it malignant;: cowardly 'assassination, of a nation's
ruler. "-^Rev. John Hemphiii; D.D.V X\L ¦ '.?¦&£&&? .'•-.-•- '-^i.^-V ¦-' "'•' "¦ ¦'. ¦ .'¦.-.r--''.'..' { '* '¦' '. ' . .\- ¦
W^4^^^*S^^^^^^^^^^k^^^^^^^S9'^^ l!^ soil; public sentiment will; stamp it out,
for the ' safety of the nation: demands it: 'i-^tTnited " States' Senator George C. Perkins. '¦'% . ; , ;¦ ' \ : / . v ' .
• . jr F we are to escape further attacks upon; our. peace and security, we must boldly and resolutely
• • I grapple with the monster cf anarchy."— FbrnieriPresi^ent Grover Cleveland.
j$ -""Let it be understood, once^fpr all, .that 'the authorities aie determined to crush the serpent
. of anarchy whenever it lifts-its venomous; head;''— Cardinal Gibbons. ; ; . ;^. :
REPRESENTATIVE
MEN PAY LOVING
Tribute to dead
ANARCHY AND SAFFRON JOURNALISM
CLASSED AS VIPERS TO BE CRUSHED
ANARCHY A FOE
THAT MUST NOW
BE CRU5HED OUT
DURING ANGUISH FOR THE DEAD
DEMAND MADE TO PROTECT LIVING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20^ 1901. 7
Continued on Pago Thirteen.
Enormity of the Crime.
sermon the: congregation gave. heed to hia
every; word. The Archbishop in conclud
ing hia sermon read the special prayer
:for the President and the nation... Ho
read feelingly and with pathos. • "When he
finished, the soft strains of "Nearer, My
¦God, to Thee" pealed from the organ, and
the Archbishop and his escort of priests
and acolytes wHhdrew. .
| In his sermon the Archbishop In part
i>aid: . f .
We have come here this morning to recall
:he life, to- mourn the death and to pray for
the sodl of that noble Christian President who
lately stood among us In. health and who to
day is deposited in the grave, slain by an as
sassin. He was a Rood man. You remember
his visit to this city a few months ago. You
saw him at the assembly oC the League of the
Croas. . You -noticed how simple, how. demo
cratic, I how kind he was. . You know what a
conscientious upright ruler he was; how ho
studied and tried to obey the will of the peo
ple. ' You saw him go and come like a plain
American citizen ¦ and you would not have
Imagined, you would not have believed that
M>mewhere In thta land assassins planned th«
death of that good man. You would not hava
believed, that there wan tn any part of thta
'free country one .mind so malevolent aa to
plot ill against President McKinley. ¦
Continued From Page Two.
HEARST AND THE GOLDMAN WOMAN
HANGED SIDE BY SIDE IN EFFIGY
NEW YORK, Sept. lQ.—WilliamiR. Hearst, proprietor of the New York Journal, was' hanged in
efflgy early to-day in. Brooklyn for the second time this week.- Last Monday a straw- figure of
Hearst .was qut down from a walnut tree at Cleveland and Jamaica avenues, where it had been
jeered and stoned forforty-eight hours, because the crowd feared that the police, would destroy
the efflgy before arrangements could be completed to burn it. On Wednesday evening the efflgy was
hanged again a block away, but the' police got around early to-day and themselves burned it.-
A' figure of Emma Goldman was ; strung up beside that of Hearst. at the second hanging, and it
too/ was burned by the police. • ¦ . ¦' v ri ': • - *
. • On Wednesday night a strnw figure of a woman wearing a straw sailor, .black skirt and white
waist was rigged'.up, and ( both" effigies hanged from the limb of a tree at Ashford street and Jamaica
avenue/ a block. away from the. scene. of the first hanging. Both 'figures were stuffed with straw. That
which was supposed to represent Hearst "was dressed, in a suit of blue, and attached to it was a placard
with.the words, "Willie Hearst, Red Journal." An old' derby complete^ tho'costume. *The other figure
wasplacarded:; .".Emma,Goldman, Anarchist." Another placard, a paraphrase often used by thyjournal to
belittle President McKinley,' hung between the i. effigies. ... . , . '.ris
. - The programme of the lynchers- was to, cut down^ the effigies this evening and 'burn them at the
stake. The Liberty; avenue police *poiled«the plan by appearing in force this morning and, 'cutting the
flares down, burned 'them' without the formality of tying them, to astake. The effigy of Hearst was
hanged from an ('electric light pole at 0 o'clock this; morning in Bedford avenue, Brooklyn. The effigy was
cut down once) and rehanged in a conspicuous place. At .one: time the crowd 'was so, large that : all ; traffic
was suspended." The crowd'had* the effigy" of Emma Goldman prepared for burning .when the police ar
rived and destroyed* it. "¦'.','¦' • •-' ," • •¦ : ; ?V .-.'.¦ :, ,
GENERAL BARNES' :
.ELOQUENT ADDRESS
7
You. aa Catholics, understand the enormity
of that crime; you have been taught by tha
most sacred precepts of the church to respect
the ctvll Government «nd th» constituted au
thorities You have heard since your earliest
period of. your recollection the prayers which
urn offered on the altar, for tha Qovemment,
for. all our lawful rulnra, and particularly for
tha President. You know how persistently tb«
Roman CVtlioIlo church has combated that
evil, consclenceleis, godless, negative philoso
phy called anarchism. ' *
The Catholic church from tha beginning has
been the conservator, th« guardian, th« ally
of th* civil authority <nnd of the Mate, and
In the dark and stormy period of history. when
ill government. by rir.ht of law was lmpertl«4
unil srrmwd about to ro to pieces It was tha
Cntholio church whlrh came, to the roscu*. n;
I'lvii society, which saved the law*. literature,
the arts of pearo. organised society and clvl
lUattnn from destruction. , ¦ • ¦
It ts'an awful thing. to know that in this
great land, which . has opened Its doors, /Its
ports to * the opprtxwd, poor, the , mlsertbto
of . all nations, > which has been the neat"NO MORE MUST WE SUFFER THE PROPA
GANDA OF ANARCH ISM"
¦¦¦'• /'The press must respect, the constituted authorities. The welfare cf the State and of society demands
it. ; To ridicule the President is to ridicule the republic. ' To, ridicuie'andsneeV at the' constituted auth^
ties'is to ! ridicule and sneer, at tlie nation. To 'attack elected and Jaw ful rulers so foully, so unfairly)
is to raise up enemies against them, and against the republic."— Archbishop P. Iw." liiordan- . ."- '
S.T is a shame to recall, it provokes our bitter indignation to think. of the contumely^ the ridicule, the
abuse, the denunciation which were poured out by •degraded,, unmanly, cowardly '¦¦: and ' . malignant
j newspapers upon the noble, worthy gentleman, .WilliamMcHinley;- against :. pel painstaking, -? honor
. able President, wha injured t no. man, ,who, bore hatred' for none. ; Shame on those papers whichhound
. ed President; McKinley and used every false fand dishonorable means to place him in : a false light be
fore the nation; : which misrepresented his words and actions; whichT cartooned v an'd lampooned him;
which^denied him not only the resp ect due . to the head of. the^nation; but . the respect' paid to the humblest
citizen. Shame,; I say, upon -the cowardly,- infamous inaligners who,; during the years .when President
McKinley '.was "striving forthe nation's good, treated Mm as brutally and unfair^^
not have dared totreat'a common criminal, van outcast) as they would nottreat the very i murderer who
slew ; him. ;. . '¦ ¦ .'¦ , '¦ . „ .: ; ' . . ¦¦ .- .'>:,..,.'... .'-.';¦.."•"'-.... -f -c-'./ . "•'. - . ¦¦¦. •''.;..¦;•'
"Mission Camp No.' 264. Woodmen cf the
.World,. at. a recent meeting adopted reso
- lutions of sorrow, for the death of the late
: President.*: which. were ordered spread on
"Woodmen Pass Resolutions.
Rev. J. Fucndeling, pastor of St. Markua
Lutheran Church, _• conducted impressive
memorial services "" last evening in nl
church;,; Tho choir rendered -p. programme
of sacred music and the pastor delivered
an address.
Lutheran Church Services."
r The: Chinese- of : this city "l.eld memorial
services last evening. at^the'Jackson-street
Theater, out" of .respect-to the late rPresi
dent. 'The Hall* was \ packed J to ' the doors
with Chinamen . from every .walk 'of - life.
Some- eloquent" speeches, were s> 'made in
Chinese and -President jMcKinley.'s .assas
sination :-- was •: deeply • deplored S- -Every
Chinese- gambling;, den,".: -social club and
house of amusement was/closed last night
and: touristsjwho. ¦ paid l a~ visit to ; the spot
had to* ; bcT*content with": taking a view of
the streets and alleys. , . * •/;;•.:.,¦ ;„•- • • *
Chinese Hold Memo rial' Services.
. FOURTH DIVISION. . ; , ;.
A. B. ' Foster,. Grand Commander of Ohio, com—
, , ¦ mandinc . . .
Knights -Templar .commanderies I fromJ the "fol
lowing cities: Louisville; Canton, 'Masslllon,
¦• Toledo, ZanesvlUe, • Steubenville, . ; Cleveland. •
Palnesvllle, - Lima, Cincinnati, . -, Toungstown,
¦ Mansfield, Pomeroy, "Akron; < Clrclevllle, j Mari
on, Warren, Hamilton,. Salem, WooBter,;Mari
etta, Ulrlchsville and East Liverpool, Ohio. •
- . ;• Grand Lodee State of - Ohio, v' .' Y*-,.
; .; fifth. division. - ''-
Brigadier General Thomas ,W.. MInchule.com
¦ > ,• • ¦ ; mandinc. V-. ' •
Eighth' Infantry of-State-Ml'lltta/' ' r ~ "
.;-, Fifth. Infantry.
Second -Infantry, Lima. Ohio. • '
. . Lodges, of the Knights of Pythias.j . :
'¦:."¦> ..*: , Odd' Fellows. '.•-¦ v .'
I Junior Order. United American Mechanics. ; ;
¦ '¦ ¦'-'¦¦¦ Knirhts of St.- John. • , r
Representatives of Sigma' Alpha Epsllon Fra
. ¦ .. v ¦.*.:•.' .--¦ ternlty. -•-¦¦¦ ' -
'- SIXTH " DIVISION. .
. », Theodore Voges, i commanding. . ' i
Cleveland Chamber" of - Commerce. .*> %'
;¦ i. : . . •; A merlcus -, Club,;- Pittsburgh Pa.
- -Union League, Club. Chicago. - '.
Lincoln Club, Chicago. , .
Hamilton Club.' Chicago. ;.-<T~
Lincoln Club M New Brlghton.-PaJ ¦•'•'.-" '
¦~ ""sEVENTii;DiVisio"N: -t v v'.:r~"
i OfflnlaJs and citizens or various Ohio cities.
, The meeting of the Park Commissioners
scheduled for yesterday afternoon was
postponed.
'¦ No accidents of any kind were reported,
and the crowds dispersed much earlier
than: usual. ¦
In spite of a chilly winds and a heavy
mist, an unusifslly large number of peo
ple were present at the park and beach
yesterday. The sad spirit of the day
seemed to enter into every one, and the
absence of all the enthusiasm and merri
ment common with crowds at the pleas
ure resorts was particulraly noticeable.
S Games arid sports of all kinds were
avoided, and signs of ' mourning were
everywhere in evidence.
• The music, about which the Interest of
most of the. visitors centered, consisted
entirely of patriotic airs and funereal an
thems appropriate for the day set apart
for. public observance of the death of the
President.
Sad Spirit of Occasion Prevails at the
Pleasure Places.
SOLEHN MUSIC
AT THE PARK
Members of the Firemen's \ Associa
tion Adopt Resolutions of Con
• dolence.
At a meeting of the board of directors
of the Veteran Firemen's Association of
San Francisco held at the hall of the Ex
empt Fire Company on Brenham place on
Tuesday evening last the following reso
lutions were read and adopted:
. Whereas, Our beloved President. William
McKinley, has been called to his death by the
bullet of a cowardly assassin; and
. Whereas, Deeply as we deplore his death,
we bow in humble submission to the will of
our Divine Ruler: therefore be it
Resolved, By the Veteran Firemen's Asso
ciation of San Francisco that in the life of
William McKinley he was found to be the
true embodiment of a Christian, a faithful
chief and a typical President, and be it fur
ther
•. Resolved. That we tender our heartfelt sym
pathy to the noble and devoted wife of our
beloved and most lamented President, William
McKinley.
samuel McDowell,
thos. r. cahew,
john j. murpht,
. - .' . s. g. drummond,
jas. b. barber.
. - r. j. courtieb.
jas. e. britt,
w." h. williams. ,
jas. grady. »
a. b. truman,
H. J. COLV1X,
Board of ¦ Directors.
The Pavilion was draped In somber col
ors. Hanging from its groined arches
were pendants of black and along- the
sides of the gallery were festoons of black
cloth bordered in white and over thla
were wreaths and stringers of smllax and
greens. The building was filled with -a
subdued light from scores of chandeliers
As a fitting background for the plat
form on which were the distinguished
guests, choir and orchestra, were the last
words uttered by the martyred President
just before his death.
The words that will live for all tlm
"Good-by. all! It is God's way. Let his
will, not ours, be done," were worked In
flowers of white and red and stood out in
bold relief before a background of azure
blue. On either side were flags and
wreaths draped in mourning. Flagpoles
with the national colors at half mast/tHfrt
draped also were a part of the generaj
effect. ¦
1 The floral effects were the artistic work
of the Shanahan Floral Company*
Pavilion Draped in Mourning.
As the church bells began to ring out
their call to worship the crowds began to
assemble at the main entrance to the Me
chanics* Pavilion. Early comers crowded
against the doors, while many were as
sembled at the Grove and Polk street en
trances. Toward noon the crowd had
reached large proportions and Larkln
street was so blockaded that it was
scarcely possible for the cars to get
through.
Chief of Police Sullivan and Captain
Wittman shortly after the noon hour, at
the head of a force of seventy-flve om
cers, began to handle the crowd, which
was increasing at every moment. Cap
tain Wittman suggested to William Greer
liarrison, chairman of the admission com
mittee, mat it would be well to open the
doors, but the latter Insisted on keeping
them closed until the appointed hour. 1
o'clock. At that time Larkln street and
other streets in the vicinity of the Pa
vilion held a throng of people stretching
for blocks.
On the Grove-street side the chorus and
some of the invited guests were admitted.
The Polk-street entrances were reserved,
for the civic and military dignitaries. Tho
latter had to pass through a large crowd
of onlookers. Officers and ushers we-?*
stationed in the aisles and other places.
and the crowd was so safely and care
fully handled that all were seated long:
before 2 o'clock.
Although there were 14,000 chairs placed
in the Pavilion every one was occupied,
but there was no crowding of aisles. Chief
of Police Sullivan and Captain Wittman
saw that the aisles were kept clear, ana
not a single accident marred the day. As
soon as the exercises were concluded the
doors were thrown open and the biff
building was quickly emptied.
It was remarked on all sides that never
had so large a crowd been so efficiently
handled in tKe Pavilion. While every one
wished to secure the best ' possible seat
the crowd was orderly. The arrangement
of seats in the Pavilion was excellent and
all had a chance to see and hear.
Appointed Hour and Are
Quickly Seated.
People Gather at Boors Long Eefora
POLICE HANDLE ft
CROWDS EASILY
Rabbi M. S. Levy delivered the memo
rial oration and, dwelt upon the blame-,
less life of the nation's beloved executive '
He drew a vivid picture of the career of
the dead President, and at the close of
his address offered a heartfelt prayer for
the repose of the soul of William Mc-
Kinley. Men and women wept aloud
when Rabbi Levy told ln eloquent lan
guage of the life and death of the lato
President.
The musical portion of the services
were of unusual excellence, and the tones
of the organ and voices of the choir
stirred the emotions of the large congre
gation.
The capacity of the Geary-street Syna
gogue was taxed to Its capacity yesterday
at the special memorial services held In
memory of the martyr President, and
long before the commencement of the
exercises the announcement was made to
waiting hundreds of men and women
that they could not secure seats ln the
sacred edifice.
TELLS OF HERO'S
BLAMELESS LIFE
The musical portion of the service was
rendered by Cantor Salomon, assisted by
the choir and the organ, the eulogy on
the martyred President being delivered by
Rabbi Isidore Myers, his text being from
II Samuel, chapter 3, verse 38: "Know ye
not that a prince and a great man has
this day fallen In Israel?"
The entire congregation was moved to
tears ' when Rabbi Myers delivered in a
voice trembling with emotion the "ln Me
moriam" poem he had written for the
services, whlcn was as follows:
Peace to thy soul, thou noble martyred chief!
Recefve the tribute of a nation's grief.
Eagerly pressing round thy sacred bier,
Strrowln? millions shed a loving tear
¦III anguish Is Columbia sitting low.
I>raped in the sable mantle of her woe.
Each man adored thee as tha nation's head-
Now all. who loved thee living, mourn the«
dead.
The stars and stripes thou lovedst to the la-i
"With grief bowed down are drooping at haff^»
mast. +
In every land men claimed the© for their own*
Lo, now. thy tragic end all men bemoan.
Living, abundant room thou e'er didst find •
In thine expansive heart for all mankind.
America's best and most devoted son
Men's friend and God's true sen-ant, all 'in one!
'Mid all thy tasks that lofty soul of thine
Conspicuous before the world did shine
Kind heaven reward thee now, and make thee
blest
In realms of peace and everlasting rest.
Ne'er ehall thy honored name forgotten be:
Long shall thy country be revered in thee;
K'er shall thy spirit live, from age to age '
Tea, cherished as a precious heritage.
The special memorial services held last
evening, at the Bush-street Synagogue,
Congregation Ohabal Shalome. were at
tended by an assemblage that filled the
building to the doors, hundreds of men,
women and children being unable to se
cure admission.
of Most Impressive Ser
vices.
Bush-Street Synagogue la the Scena
MANY WEEP FOR
MARTYRED DEAD
-Within a minute after the formation of
ibe lines \'.\e funeral car came up to the
walk. It was gently lifted from the
hearse ana borne to the door of the vault
where it w.tb rested upon the catafalque'
It was carried by the same men of the
army an<l navy who have carried It ever
flnce it left Buffalo. Before them <as it
came up th<3 walk, walked Colonel Bine
ham, who had been aid to President Mc-
Klnley. At its head on the right walked
Lieutenant Ilaralin of the army, and In a
corresponding position on the left Lieu
tenant Eberle of the navy. Just as the
lK?ar*>rp lowered it to the catafalque Ab
ncr McKinley and Mrs. Barber alighted
from their carriage and stood at the foot
of the line of officers. They remained
here for a few seconds and then passed
up to the foot of the casket, where they
remained during: the brief services
"There- was a moment's pause as Colonel
Binj?J-!sm. looked to . sec that all was in
readiness. He then looked toward Bishop
Joyce of Minneapolis, who read the burial
Brave Men Who "Weep.
Then came a long line of carriages bear
lrg the members of the family and the
dlEtlnguisnc-d visitors. From the first car
riage that stopped at the foot of- the walk
leading up lo the vault President Itoose
vtlt anrt Commander Cowles of the navy
alighted. "Without waiting for those ln
the second carriage, which contained Sec
retaries Poot and Gage and Attorney
oeneral Knox. the President walked
Flowiy toward the vault and took a posi
tion on the south side of the walk, close
to the rtocr. As Secretary Root came up
the walk be assumed a similar position
en the ncrth side of the walk and the
nthcr members of the Cabinet ranged
ihTOKclvcs by the side of the President
rnd Secretary of War. With bared heads
(he President and members of the Cabi
net, who wre followed by the officers of
the arrr.y wd navy, stood on each side of
the walk, the lines reaching just to the
edge of tho roadway.
Tc-i-.ght hundreds of the blossoms are
in the pc£s.ession of the marchers in the
parade, ai.d are held by spectators who
came into the cemetery after the ciose of
the parade to carry them away, v
After li.f veterans came in well set
ranks with guns at "arms port" the men
of the Sixtn Ohio Infantry of the Na
tional GuEid, the engineer corps of the
National Guard from Cleveland and the
comrades el the late President in the
ranks cf the Twenty-third Ohio Volun
teers during the Civil War. t
Fcf nearly an hour before the head of
the funeral procession arrived at the gate
cf the ce:rsetery the strains of the dirges
played by the bands came over the hill
top to the watchers by the vault, telling
them that the procession was on its way.
Finally, at 3:3J o'clock, the detachment
of mov.r.ted police heading the parade
came sickly around the corner of Lin
coln street and passed up West Third
street to the cemetery gates. Behind
them came the Grand Army Band of Can
tor, the solemn notes of "Nearer, My
Gcd. to Thee," sounding out as it came
up the driveway. A moment after en
tering the cemetery the music was
changed t-> Chopin's funeral interlude and
it whs to the sound of .this that the band
passed out and on to Kentucky avenue to
the south of the enclosure. Behind the
ban.i came the Grand Army posts, fully
five hundred of the veterans marching by.
As they passed along the flower-strewn
p^th cstnjr of them were weeping bitterly
and they stooped by dorens to gather the
fclc-f scn.s which lay at their feet and car
ried -hem away as mementoes. The
sy.ec-t-pea blossoms that were scattered
a:or.j, the road were the offering of the
school children of Nashville, Tcnn., and
r.o tribute of love that was seen during
the funeral exercises more amply fulfilled
its rr.ks.on or more completely carried its
message of affection.
Solemn T-Iusic in Parade.
No greater reverence has ever been
fhown to any man, living or dead, than
was exhibited toward the dead President
to-day. As the funeral car passed through
the streets men and women sobbed con
vulsively, and at the cemetery gates,
¦rheM the crowd was densely packed and
where the people had remained for hours
l;re£s:r:s against the iron fence, two wom
*n tainted during the exercises at the
vault. It was a wonderful tribute of sur
passing love that was rendered to-day in
his native place to the memory of Wil
liam McKinley. and it will be long before
gr^ctcr or more reverent honor is paid to
aay man.
it was exactly 4:01' o'clock when the
funeral car bore the remains of the dead
President through the gateway of his last
resting place. Twenty minutes after that
time thu brief services at the vault were
over a-;u the members of the family and
distinguished men of the nation wjio had
ccme so far to do him , honor> passed
through the gates on their homeward way.
One hcur and forty minutes after the
hearr.o had entered the cemetery the place
was c!rar and the dead President was
res'.irg: aicne under the watchful care of
the men cf the regular army. A sentry's
measured tread resounded from the
conent walk before the vault and kept
vigil on the grassy slope above, and at
the hea~ and at the foot of the casket
stood armed men. Before the door, which
vas not closed to-night, was pitched the
tent cf the guard, and tr-ere it will remain
until the doors are e'osed to-morrow.
Sentries will then guard the vault every
hour o( the day and night until the body
has been borne to its final resting place.
Greater Reverence Never Shown.
All day long the streets were kept clear
by the military, and not a vehicle of any
description save those belonging to the
funeral cortege were permitted to enter
upon them. Notwithstanding the dense
crowds no accident of any kind was re
ported.
There was not a window that command
ed a view of the line of march tbrat ¦was
not filled with faces, the numerous stands
were crowded to their utmost capacity,
and on the roofs were hundreds of peo
ple. From 9 o'clock in the morning* until
5 in the afternoon, by which time the last
of the parade had passed the church on
its way to the cemetery, this condition
prevailed.
For hours even before the time set for
the commencement of the funeral exercises
at the McKinley home the streets along
the entire length of the. line of march
were crowded with spectators. From the
gates of the cemetery to the doors of the
church there was on each side of the
street an almost unbroken line of sol
diers, and on all the intersecting streets
detachments of the militia were posted
about 100 feet from the thoroughfare on
which the cortege was to go and nobody
was permitted to pass in either direction.
from the church to Lincoln
street, west on Lincoln to West Third
n 6treet, and north one square to the gates
cf the cemetery.
•^^^ ANTON, Ohio, Sept 19.-The
Jf^P line cf the funeral march from
M the church to the cemetery
BL a was about one and a half miles
Y^y-t-w ln length. The route was
north on Tuscarawas street
VETERANS TAKE
FORMAL ACTION
Few words will be needed to interpret tha
sorrows of this calamitous day. The American
people stand by an open tomb. "With benedic
tions, mingled with tears, the President for
ever passes from view. The heart of tho
American people salutes the merrory of Wil
liam McKinley and passes on to accomplish
its destiny. The gates of the mausoleum are
closed; the standard of God and the consti
tution is lifted on high and with mourning yet
hopeful hearts we follow where it leads.
To-day wfe are assembled to pray and ponder
the lessons of the great life gone out. To
morrow we shall again • think oi duty' ana
responsibility. Our hearts and minds are rest
ing to-day, resting by the open vault, resting
In the modest home, where God grant an af
flicted widow's head may be pillowed on the
pitying bosom of her mother's faith. We can
only think with inexpressible sorrow of the
loss we have suffered. We can only hope that
with the softening influence of the passing year
our loss will not be as terrible e.s it appears
to-day. Let us pray that our beloved country
may pass from this awful shadow of the crime
of murder; that God may turn the darkness of
our affliction into a beaming hope; that from
the grave of William McKinley and the other
martyrs of America the flowers of a generous
national manhood may diffuse their scent un
til in this sorrowing people all tts nations of
this earth shall be blessed.
People Bless His Memory.
Couple with the private virtues of this man
that fine public spirit that in the days of his
youth exposes his breast to the spitting fire
'of a rebellious cannon, but Is mercifully re
served for greater achievements and greater
honors, and complete the picture by presenting
William McKinley in the .fullness of his days,
the liberator of- people,.>who bless his memory
In languages that he himself could not under
stand. Give this to the painter of history and
it will constitute an Inspiration that will bless
all future days of the American people."
Every nation has Its monuments, but there
is no nation on earth that has as keen • a
memory as the American people. An affection
ate remembrance of his achievements may ul
timately be expressed in statues that will
adorn public halls and public parks, but
greater than these shall be the deathless love
that makes of every child's heart in America
a temple wherein Washington and Lincoln
and all the others are placed for dally teach
ing and daily Invocation. And there stands
William McKinley from henceforth, in the
hearts of the children of America, the nation
of the future, and that shall be his .reward
and his Immortality.
At the close of the address the entire
congregation joined in the recital of "The
Kaddish," or "Prayer, for the Dead." by
rising when the rabbi pronounced the elo
quent Hebrew words.
The gathering then slowly dispersed,
Stand by an Open Tomb.
BY reason of their simplicity the
memorial services held yester
day afternoon at the Temple
Emanu-El were profoundly
Impressive. Long before the
hour of 2 the vast synagogue
was crowded in every part
and hundreds of persons were unable to
secure admission to the building. Men
and 1 women of all denominations took part
In the services and the eloquence of Rabbi
Jacob Voorsanger drew tears from young
and old alike.
Promptly at 2 p. m. the soft tones of
the organ playing "Nearer, My God, to
Thee," caused a solemn hush to fall over
the gathering. Again the voices of the
choir and Cantor Stark blended with the
tones of the organ as the hymn, "Weep,
Nations, Weep," was rendered. The read-
Ing of a selection from the Scriptures by
the .-rabbi was followed by the hymn,
"O Lord, What is Man?"
. The eulogy of Dr. Voorsanger, !n part,
follows:
Noted Men in Procession.
The fprmation of the funeral procession
was as follows:
Squad of Police.
Chief Marshal Doll of Canton and Aids.
FIRST DIVISION.
General Eli Torrance, National Commander G.
A. R.. Commanding Staff.
Grand Army Band.
E. F. Taggart. Department Commander, G. A.
R., of Ohio and. Staff.
Canton Poet, Canton, Ohio.
Buckley Post, Akron, Ohio.
Belle Harmon Post. Warren. Ohio. :
C. G. Chamberlain Post, . East Palestine, Ohio.
Given Post. Wooeter, Ohio.
Union Veteran Legion, Canton, Ohio. ' \
SECOND DIVISION.
Major General Charles A. Dick, commanding.
Detachments of Ohio National Guard.
Troop A of O. N. G.. guard of honor.
Survivors of the Twenty-third Ohio, President
- McKtnley'fi -regiment.
President Roosevelt and Cabinet.
I Honorary bearers, generals of the army and
I admirals of the navy.
Officiating clergymen.
Officers of the army and navy.
Funeral car. -
Family and relatives of President McKinley'
Loyal Legion. '
President of Senate and United States
Senators.
Speaker of the House of Representatives ''
Governors of States, with stalls, i
Louisiana delegation, representing State and '
United Confederate Veterans. •
Governor Nash of Ohio, and other State
officers. | ¦ - .
Circuit Court Judges of State of Ohio.
Governor Nash's staff of officers '¦"•
Federal officials of Cleveland, Chicago, Canton
and Masslllon, O.
Boerd of directors of Pan-American
Exposition.
Board of Cook County Commissioner*, Chicago.
THIRD DIVISION.."
Captain H. A. Moses, commanding
Gate City Guard, Atlanta, Ga.
Cleveland Grays.
Cleveland Scots Guards.
William McKinley Command Spanish- American
. War Veterans. \"; ¦¦ ¦. •
, , Son. of VeUKUVV \. v^-.i
Nature has been kind in selecting the
last resting place for President McKinley.
Westlawn Cemetery is on a high knoll
overlooking the peaceful valley, with the
busy little city of Canton laid out below.
If It were not for an intervening church
spire one might get from this elevation a
glimpse of the McKinley home. Here,
looking out on his native city and his na
tive State, the body of William McKinley
is laid to rest. The beauty of the grounds
has attracted the attention of the coun
try's best landscape gardeners, who have
journeyed here to study their attraction.
Tc-'day the cemetery was doubly beauti
ful •with the rustling trees giving off their
first yellowed leaves of fall and adding a
golden touch to the green clad slopes.
Just Inside the stately entrance stands
the graystone vault, where for a time the
casket will repose. Its dreary exterior
was relieved to-day by great masses of
flowers, banked all about until the gray
walls were shut out from view. 1 But in'
due time the casket will be taken from
the vault and committed to the little plat
of ground lying farther on. This is the
McKinley lot and here He his father,
whose name he bore; the mother he
guarded so tenderly in life, his brother
James, his sister Anna and his two chil
dren. And when that time comes a state
ly shaft of granite will arise above the
grave, telling of the civic virtues, the pure
life and the martyred death of William
McKinley. .
Nature Kind to HcKinley.
The President, the members of the Cab
inet and the officers of the army and navy
then entered their carriages, and followed
by the members of the family passed out
of the cemetery and returned to the city.
The delay caused by the services at the
vault being, over, the procession resumed
Its march. Every man 4 n the line save
those in uniform, who rendered appro
priate honor in other ways, went past the
casket with uncovered head.
As the head of the division containing
the Knights Templar wheeled into the
cemetery the quartet that had been de
layed in reaching the place for ,the pre-i
vious ceremonies took'tip a posltionto the
south of the vault and . sans .".Farewell.
My Brother.". This hymn was' followed
by others, including "Rock of • Ages,",
"The Christian's Uood-nlght" and "Way
side Cross." The selections were beauti-"
fully rendered, and no part of the funeral
ceremonies in Canton was more impres
sive. The darkness was gathering fast as
the Knights sang on, and many in the
multitude around the casket were moved
.to tears, and the sound of sobs was dis
tinctly audible in the crowd that lined
the fence beyond the line of National
Guardsmen.
The last of the procession passed the
bier at 5:48, and then orders were given
by Captain Biddle that the • cemetery
should be cleared. The order was quickly
carried out and the President was left in
the care of his guard of honor.
The first sentry to be posted in a tour
of guard duty before the doorway was
Private Otto White of Company C, Four
teenth Infantry, whose home is in Genoa.
Ohio. The guard that will have the honor
of guarding the bier of the late President
is Company C of the Fourteenth regular
infantry. It is commanded by Captain
W. S. Biddle, First Lieutenant A. S.
Avery and Second Lieutenant William
Ashbrldge. The company includes sev
enty-six non-commissioned men and was
ordered to Canton from Fort Wayne.
Knights Bender Hymns.
service of the Methodist church slowly
but In a voice that could be heard dis
tinctly by all who were grouped about
the vault. As Us words ended there was
a brief pause, for it had been understood
that a quartet of the Knights Templar
was to be present to render a hymn.
Through a misunderstanding, however, it
had not arrived, and after satisfying him
self of this fact Colonel Bingham waved
his hand to eight buglers of the Canton
band who had taken station upon the side
of the mound above and to the south of
the vault. Instantly from the eight bu
gles rang out the notes of the soldier's
last call, "taps." It was beautifully done,
and the last notes of the bugles died away
so softly that all who heard it remained
listening for a few seconds to hear if it
was really ended. When the last note had
floated away Secretary Wilson was in
tears, Secretary Hitchcock was also weep
ing and the President was gazing grimly
at the walk. ' It was the last moment for
the men who had been closely associated
with the- President for so long, and the
thought seemed more than most of them
could bear. It was ended at last, 'and Cap
tain Biddle of Company C of the Four
teenth Infantry, who will command the
guard which is to be placed around the
vault, stepped up to a line of five soldiers
which he had posted just north of the
doorway and who throughout the cere
mony had stood at "present arms" as
rigid as though carved out of iron. One
of them passed quickly Into the vault,
taking station at the head of the casket.
Another placed himself at the foot and
three men stood in the doorway, two on
the lower step and the third on the floor
of the vault directly behind them. There
they remained until after the passage of
the funeral procession.
while the organ pealed a solemn funeral
inarch.
Sir Knights of Canton Commandery
Render Hymns, and Guards Are
Posted at the Grave.
All Synagogues Are Crowded and
Hundreds of Persons Are
Moved to Tears.
Comrades of flajor flcKinley Join
the Vast Throng in the Fune
ral Procession.
'...¦¦ • . : ¦ . ;
Rabbi Voorsanger Pays Glowing
Tribute to Career of Dead
President.
"TAPS" SOUNDED
FOR THE LAMENTED
CHIEF EXECUTIVE
HEBREWS REVERE
MARTYR'S MEMORY
IN VAST NUMBERS
TELE SAN- FRANCISCO GALI^^KT^ 1901.
STATESMEN SHED TEARS AT TOMB
IN SAID FAREWELL TO THE DEAD
8Thy sepulcher is everywhere,
.¦•'.- ¦ • .'¦¦'?'
i Draped are our cities gay;
Thy grave must little Canton share
With all our land to-day #
I jiv coar*riOi nousc out* ousr*ii£s r*cnt
Thunder thy muffled drum ;
Our mountains are thy monument,
¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ - ,
Our -gardens wreathe thy ¦ tomb*
Our forests flash thy funeral Dyre,
all weep for thee, >jr
.Our- winds the great Eolian lyre
That : breathes thy lullaby.
.JOnr^honored' chief,, thro' peace and war ¦"
Sudden has come thy fate;
Our ? nbble States thy mourners are
From^Maine to Golden Gate. V
Two oceans chant on either shore
• Mournful duet for thee.
Their ceaseless song forevermore
Thy : requiem shall be.
From many lands kind message comes,
Sympathy -warm Is sent,
And sad for • thee a million homes,
~ Our \ martyred- Presidents F '5 ;
Ourxountry^s chieftain sweetly rests,
Waiting the morning chime,
Thy : mausoleum in our breast .
Defies the tooth of time.
"Some day. a -voice shall wake the : dead,
Sleepers in Christ shall - rise
Immortal from their grassy bed
To meet him in the skies.
¦ Some day in peace and righteousness
'Christ shall return to reign,
And then -through his redeeming grace
¦ ¦ -*-'"'. ¦-¦-". i '. -¦ *
We'll meet the good again.
MANIB PAYNE FERGUSON.
;Peniel Hail, Los Angeles, Sept, 17. 1991.
H MILLION flags are waving low,
Harps on the willows hung/
From steeple towers where'er we -go
The tolling bell Is rung.
II.
As David mourned for Abner slain
Guiltless, we mourn to-day.,
The dark assassin came again
Our noble dead to slay.
IIL
Columbia bows her head and weeps,
Tears from a nation fall,
/vicKinley calmly, soundly sleeps,
Unconscious of it all.
With ebbing strength he sang our hymn,
"Nearer, My God, to Thee."
He trusted through the shadows dim,
Then went with God to be.
V. * / . .
Example bright his people left,
Bidding us trust a I way.
He told in death, a world bereft,.
"Good-by, it is God's way."
VI.
Oh, may we all depart like thee,
Saying "God's "will be done,"
Thy dying words our last ones be
When earthly tasks are done.
I We thought thee noble in thy life,
Bearing a nation's care,
But nobler in the mortal strife,
A Christian hero there.
A wife re|oiced with thee to live,
But Death has bade thee part;
Our tenderest sympathy we give,
God bless that widowed heart,
America has been bereaved,
Mourning thine absence here;
Thro' all its length our hearts are grieved,
. A nation holds thy bier.
Pages 9 to i
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, ! 1901.
GOOD BYE, IT IS GOD'S WAY,
GOD'S WILL BE DONE
Pages 9 to 1.Czolgosz's , life will not be long,- but as he is per
mitted neither to read, nor to smoke,". nor to talk! to
any one/ it will probably seem-long. - . ." ¦
¦ Commenting upon the fact that a negro was; walk
ing close behind^Czoigosz- when he shot' McKinley
and was first to seize, the assassin, the .Boston. Tran
script points out. that .in any historical: painting "of
The Russian Government has sentenced to six
months' imprisonment a school teacher and eight
ichoolgirls^for calling upon Tolstoy and carrying him
l bunch of flowers. Doubtless the intention of the
jwnishment is to teach the culprits to love the Czar,
tut it is a very, poor sort of kindergarten lesson.
The 'supprcssion^of the automobile as one of the
nuisances of modern civilization is being encouraged
generously by,those operatorsof the engines who in
sist upon , running their machines "at V speed danger
ous 4 to themselves. and 'everybody ! else. \ " "
The name of the young anarchist who
shot President* McKinley last Friday ; has
proven a- thorniin . the flesh. \ Although
everybody is '¦ talking about him , and . his
name, ; figuratively 1 speaking, is in every
body's .mouth,; few, ; attempts ,;have ; been
made ' to , give it "a correct pronunciation.
: The] correct | pronunciation,* according, to
"an interpreter connected with j the i Bureau
of Immigration, is, as near' as the English
language can: give,Jt, ."Cholgosh.'V The
word is derived from a Polish verb, and,'
as' Isj usuar in Polish names, has a mean
ing. ;The~ verb means to creep or to' crawl.
'as a^noun,'; it [means'- ; a crawling;
thing, ¦; such: as ; a; serpent. ¦ ; The name cer-
Philadelphia Record.
Slot machine j restaurants, have been introduced in
London, and now the folks of that city by dropping a
penny can get a sandwich, a second penny gets a cup
of tea, and temperance drinks and confectionery can
be had for a penny each. It looks as if the next in
vention should be that of a. machine at which a waiter
could drop a penny in the slot and get another job.
-'-;¦ A suggestion, seriously made, to 'use hogs to clean
the streets' of Chicago is under discussion by the au
"tliorities of the, AVindy City. ; Some enemy 1 "of the
pork trust must be ¦ industriously ! and rather in
geniously at work.--; ?v":-vA'*. ¦*..¦
GALL, HIM '^VILLAIN:"
It-is stated that the estate of- $2,500,000 i which was
left by .the-late Empress Frederick of Germany was
sayed out of the; grant of, $250,000 a" year, allowed her
by the British > Parliament; so the royal lady evi
dently had. more ; thrift than many, folks who Have to
work for a living. ' .,'; . .¦ ,-'
¦ Anarchy is the absence of government,
a state', of : society in which there is no
supreme' power and in .which, the several
functions of the state. are 'performed bad
ly or not at all; in fact a social and po
litical confusion. .It is a theory .which
regards ."the union of order' with "the ab
sence of all direct: government by man as
the political ideal." '¦* The most noted ex
ponent of this" theory was Pierre Joseph
Prudhon, who died in 1865, and whose views
,have I been, with; some changes, one being
the, advocacy of assassination, adopted by
many, agitators. Prudhon declared ' that
"the, true form of the state* is anarchy;'"
meaning ' by., that, "riot j positive' disorder,
but the absence of any supreme ruler,
whether king "or convention." The modern
anarchist 'construes .these words of : Prud
hon to mean, /'remove; by any means', the
head of an established government." .
; "A v torpedo'.", cried Zero, brightening; "1
to.rpedo on the- Thames '. •- Superb, > dear fellow
I* recognize .in you the marlyj of an accom
plished anarch. '\ ¦.'.-.. ¦' •
- AN ANARCHIST— D. P., City. Proper
ly,'an anarchist Is one who advocates an
archy, or the absence of government as a
political Ideal, one who is an adherent- ol
the theory of Prudhon. - In a populai
sense an .'anarchist is one who by violenc(
seeks to overthrow - all- constituted forms
of society and. of government, all law and
order and all rights of property, with nc
purpose of establishing any other. system
of order in the place of that destroyed.
The term ; is also : applied to any . person
who promotes' disorder or excites* revolt
against any established . rule, law 01
order. ;¦ \ ¦ ¦•
In "A Dynamiter," Robert Louis Stev
enson calls an anarchist "an anarch," as
appears from the following extract froir
that work: ; . .•. - ; \ ".
The new v vehicle, therefore, offers another 'means
of '^carrying civilization in^o. Africa. Automobile
trips across the hitherto pathless 'desert may become
in the near future one, of , the things which every
tourist will have to .undertake as a part of this Old
World travel. * '
It is stated that experiments made' by the French
Government in many parts of Algeria have proven
the automobile ; to be well : adapted for use in desert
countries. Additional tests are now being made for
the purpose. of determining. how far it can- be.made
reliable, for regular lines of transportation across the
great desert. It is stated that the : tests thus far made
have demonstrated that^^ the machine can travel over
the sands at the rate" of \ fifteen or twenty miles
an, hour. Such speed will enable the passage from
one; oasis to another to be made with comparative
ease, and -th* terrors pf the desert wiir vanish. ¦*
FOR many. a year the French have been endeav
or-ng to devise some means of bringing the
oases of the desert of Sahara into such com
inunicatiou with the rest of the world. as to admit of
their cultivation, 7 Camel trains are too slow and un
certain for modem uses, and for one reason and an
other railways are impracticable/At last a- suitable
means of transportation has c apparently " been found.
It is- the automobile.
TO REDEEM SAHARA.
CANADA-T. S., City. The constitution
of the Dominion of Canada is after the
model of the mother country. The Par
liament consists of the reigning sovereign
of England, an upper house styled the
Senate and a House of Commons. • The
sovereign is . represented by. a Governor
General- (appointed by the sovereign), aid
ed by a privy council. The executive gov
ernment and authority is vested in the
sovereign and is exercised by the Gov
ernor Genera!. . . ¦ ' _ " ' * •¦" "•" . -
I German papers declare that the ceremony, arranged
by -the Kaiser for the reception- of the Chinese apol
ogy from Prince Chun was modeled upon the.cere
monies of a soldier's funeral, everything being serious
and funereal until' the apology was made/^and then
came a brisk recurrence to liveliness. - -
DISTANCE AND MOUNTAIN— A. S.,
City. The distance along the coast line
from the Cliff House to Point San Pedro
is' 12% statute miles. The chain of moun
tains that trend inland from Point San
Pedro" is. known as the Montara. chain,
and derives . that name from the highest
peak, which is called Montara Peak* and
has an altitude of 1940 feet.
: There has long been a demand and a necessity for
a' better- system"; of restricting undesirable immigra
tion than that which now obtains. At .almost . every
session of r Congress vsome measure of ' the'., kind is
brought forward." The Carlisle bill, covers an impor
tant phase joi the subject,;anfi' it would, seem- there
can be no objection- to the. passage of that measure
even if nothing more were undertaken." .< The time,;
however, has' come for a r radical- treatment of? the
whole evil. Out country is rapidly being filled up
with people" from pacts of the world-' where ; civil lib
erty and law are not understood, where through.long.'
ages men, have been taught to believe. that every evil
is the result' of bad government, and where parents
habitually teach their children that^rulers are "despots. '
Some means of limiting that immigration must be r
provided ' or- we shall always be in danger of political I
assassinations. ¦-.• ' — ¦;. • , v . .. „ . ;
The bill expressly exempts- from its operations
"political refugees or_ political offenders other, than,
such anarchists," and, furthermore, it secures to any
person charged with being an anarchist the right pf,
appealing to the courts for a writ of habeas corpus)"
thus obtaining a fair hearing upon any Accusations*,
that may be. made against him. The measure there-*
fore amply preserves all the liberty to which a man is
rightly entitled, and in no way conflicts with our po
litical ideals. V •¦'-->"
A recent summary of the bill states that it does, no
rhpre than to include among the', classes of immi
grants already barred by the exclusion laws all per
sons who may be regarded as enemies of organized
society. ". The bill .makes no attempt to define what
is meant by an anarchist, or what teachings are in
culcated by the.creedv of anarchy, but provides that
evidence that an immigrant asking admission into the
United States has belonged to any foreign anarch
istic society, or has been rated by the police of the
country from which he comes as an anarchist sus
pect,'is to be considered sufficient to justify his deten
tion and deportation, unless he can clear himself by
controverting testimony. ,To gather the evidence
necessary to hold aliens of anarchistic affiliations an
additional . immigrant inspection service is created,
twelve Secret agents : being: detailed to watch the lists
at emigrant passenger ports abroad, and with the aid
of the foreign police to identify such known enemies
of established government, as may seek to make the
United States a base for criminal activity.
OUT of the popular demand for legislation pre
venting the entrance" of : anarchists to this
country there "will probably come at the next
session of Congress -the passage of an immigration
restriction bill, .which will deal/ effectively with the
subject. . It is to be noted that many, of the more in
fluential papers in the East have united in urging
the passage of the bill which was -prepared in 1894 by
John G. Carlisle, then Secretary of the Treasury, and
which . failed of passage at . the time ¦ solely because
Congress was so taken up with the wrangle over the
tariff -bill of that year that other subjects were over
looked.
CARLISLE'S ANARCHIST .BILL.
.: W. P. Post, a prominent business man
of Stockton, is at the .California.
:';H. C. Osborne 1 , United States Marshal
at Los Angeles, is a guest at the Palace.
v'F. C." Lusk,' a prominent, attorney of
Chico, registered at "the " Palace yester
day. """ " •
V 'L.i % ?A : . ', Grant, " the well-known railroad
contractor of Los Angeles, is at the Pal
ace. ' .
James W. Minturn, manager of the
.Sharon ranch, is spending a few days at
the Palace. - . ".
J. A. Comer, president cf the Santa Ana
Mining Company, is spending a few days
at the Grand. ' , .
Lee L. Gray, an extensive prune grower,
and Thomas H. Lynch, both of Fresno,'
are guests at the^ Occidental.
James P. Adair, an extensive furniture
dealer,* with factories at Chicago- and
Grand Rapids, is at the Palace.
T. E. Gibbon, attorney for the Clark
road, returned. yesterday from Salt Lake
and is 'en route to Los Angeles. He is "at
the Palace.
E. R. Reed, an extensive speculator in
oil lands, arrived from -BakersHeld"yes
terday. He has made his headquarters
at the Grand. . ' . • . •
, P. C. Drescher, connected' 'with, the
Hickmott Asparagus Canning Company,
with headquarters at Sacramento, is a
guest at the California.'
GIRAFFES— T. V. J., City. Giraffes
have been kept in confinement in Europe
and in the United States and they. thrive.
They have been successfully bred in Eng
land. The animals are natives of Africa,
from -Nubia to the Cape of Good Hope,
extensively j diffused, but apparently . no
where 'abundant. They are found gen
erally in herds of from five to forty. '-
First Little Girl— Oh, my dog's so clever!
See how beautiful he can beg!
Second Little Girl (with snobbish ten
dency) — Oh. so Is mine very clever, but
he's too well bred to do anything sa com
mon.—The Klngg.
Carpenter— "Well, boy, have you ground
all the tools, as I told you, while I've
been out? • .
Bey (nc,wly apprenticed)— Yes, master,
all but this 'ere 'andsaw. An' I can't
quite get the gaps out of it!"— Punch.
"Is she subject to flattery?"
"Rather. Har photograph makes her
look real pretty."— Philadelphia Eulletin.
8ILVER ' DOLLARS— Subscriber, jCity.
The value of silver dollars of the United
States in England- Is regulated by the
change In the value of silver. The quota
tions are given from -day to day in the
commercial department, of The Call. '
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
PERSONAL MENTION.
pressed upon the minds of all classes of the people
was made -evident by the universality of the,mourn
ing. How long that lesson will remain dominant in
the minds of the public remains to be seen. In the
hearts, of someiit will be ever present, but others will
soon forget. From the community as a whole, how
ever, its teaching can never pass away. The nation
has not ha(f this great sorrow in Vain. In this city
there is every reason to believe the impression will be
permanently lasting, and even those who arc now but
light-hearted children will recall for years to come the
remembrance of the solemnity of yesterday's day of
mourning. <-^/;-'.;'-
time or perhaps of any time has gone to his
grave more sincerely mourned than was the chief who
was laid down to his long rest yesterday.
That the lesson of the "dread tragedy was deeply im-
and esteem than in this land of ours. No ruler of our
Moreover, political criticism In America is of such
a free and unlicensed kind that it would seem upon
the surface of things that we have but little respect
for the men who hold official 'positions among us.
The profound mourning over the death of McKinley
proves the falseness of that seeming.! In no land on
earth is the chief magistrate or sovereign regarded by
the great mass of the people with more of loyalty
misrepresentations on the part of his foes. The work
Is hard and the pay is small. The outward prizes ,of
official life are poor when compared with those which
are to be gained by . strong men in. any of the lucra
tive industries of the world. Consequently it is not
strange that at the close of a long life spent in pub
lic service some of those who have been ' most suc
cessful are heard to express regret that they did not
choose another vocation and follow out a far different
career.
These evidences of a well nigh universal love for
the memory of McKinley attest that after -all it is
worth while for a great man to devote his energies
to the service of the people. The career of a states
man is hard and often exasperating. At every point
he Is euhject-to party criticism from his political
opponents, and. to the antagonisms; of rivals in -his
own party. He has to bear at times with miscon
ceptions on the part of his friends as well as with
Nature herself seemed to mourn. Though this is
the pleasantest season of the year in -San Francisco,
and the period at which we have niost'of sunshine and
least of fog or cloud, the day was dull and gray and
somber, as if the eky had been draped over for the
funeral. Throughout the city there was quiet,' and
in comparison with the usual noises of traffic along
the streets the hush was so deep as to impress itself
with something of solemnity upon the minds of all.
RARELY, if ever before in human history, have
the people of a great city shown such evidence
¦ of universal mourning as was manifest in San
Francisco yesterday. It was a day of virtually a com
plete cessation of business. Only such work as is
necessary to the daily life of the community was car
ried on. Workshops, stores, offices and saloons were
closed, and in many instances the merchants not only
shut their doors, but drew down the curtains over
their windows, so that there was no display to dis
tract the mind from the sorrowrof the occasion. •-*¦
THE DAY OF MOURNING.
FRIDAY. ..... . . . . .... . . . . 20, -1901.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ;r;.:r
Address All Ccmawdeationi to 17. 8. LEAKS, Xuitger. ¦- '
MAVAGER'S OFFICE. ...... .Telephone Pren2O4
ri'BLICJLTION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
i:;)ITOUIAL booms 21T to 221 Sterensoa St.
Telephone Pre«* 202. .
Dcllvrrpd Iiy Carrler«,_15 Cent* Per "Weelt.
Sinerlo Copies, S Cent*.
Term* by Mail, In clad inn: Po«t«srei -
DAILY CALL, (lncludfnit Sunday), one year..... $8.00-
UAILT CALL (Including Sunday). C months..". 3.00
DAILY CALI. (Including Sunday). 1 r_ontha. .............. 1-50
PAJLT CALL-rBy Single Month.... I.. 65o
KUKDAT CALL, One Tear....... 1.50
IVEEKLY CALU'One Tear .- 1.00
All postmaster* are authorised to receive
* ¦ wnbscrlptlonn.
Sampl* copies xeill be fcrwarded when requested.
U&fl Botacrlben la ordering chanr* of address should be
particular to tiv* both NEW AND OLI> ADDRESS In order
to lasnr» a prompt and correct compliance with tbelr request.
OAJKULXT3 OFFICE 1118 BroadTray
C GEORGE! KROGKESSl
Kuiftr TertigB Atartteiaf, Xarfutt* Bnildlng, Cil« • gt.
CL<aas Dlstano* Telepboas "Central 2CU.**)
NEW TOHK CORRBSPONDENT:
C C CAALTOX, .................. Herald Square
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STXPHE3f B. SMITH .30 Trlhnne Building;
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehermaa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fresaert Hobs*; Auditorium Hotel.
: : .V NEW TORK NEWS STANDS: -
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaoo, n Union Square;
Ucrray H1T1 HoteL
.TVASHTWOTOir (D. C.) OFFICE... . .14OO G St., W. XV.-
MORTOX E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BHAJTCH OFFICES — £27 Montgomery, corner of • Clay, open
cntU t:S3 o'clock. *0» Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. .633
McAllister, open until S:30 o'clock. 615 T^iriHri open until
l:» o'clock. 15U Mission, open until 10 o'clock. £261 Market,
corner Elrteenth, open until S o'clock. 1CS6 Valencia, open
ostn t o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-seoond and Kentucky, open until t o'clock.
2200 FlUmore, open until S p. m. ¦ . .
- The method of procedure is as follows: A.pen'and ink draw
ing of the picture is glued to a panel of wood one-sixteenth of
an inch thick, .which is backed with a piece of wood of the same
thickness. Both are then sawed with a fine Swiss blade along
the lines, of the picture, the severed portions of the top panel
THE picture reproduced here is entitled "After the Storm
— A Scene, in the. Desert," and is a very remarkable piece
of work, being made of several hundreds of minute pieces
. of wood. The woods employed are perfectly natural, not
-stained or colored in any way; and to arrange them so'
that they will produce a picture in harmonious colors is cer
tainly a task requiring great skill and even greater patience.
The artist who produced the picture is E. C. Larrabee of Sa
lem, Mass. The tools he employs are a jig saw and a glass ta
ble that can be set at any desired an%le, and the material* ara
rare woods. from Cuba, Porto Rico, the Philippine Islands, va
rious parts of the. United States, Central and South 7 America,
India, Africa and other remote regions of. the world.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
being removed. Minute r>ieces of wood of the right tint are
then arranged so as to produce the efTect of an oil painting,
without stiffness.. Mr. Larrabee says that he has sometimes
spent five hours in searching for a bit of wood of a particular
hue, and has then inserted it in its place in a few minutes. In
making a picture 14 by 10 inches from six to eight hundred
pieces of wood are utfed and five or six dozen saw blades ara
worn out, the sawing of some of the wood requiring great pa-*?
tience. .Among the many woods employed are Madagascar eb
ony and ebony from the Congo River region, ashen gray impee
from Manila, P. I., Alabama persimmon, English white holly,
American maple, gold colored babbool . from India, cream
quince from Massachusetts, pepil from Cuba and cream colored
olive wood grown in Palestine.
. Mr. Larrabee has produced a portrait of President McKin
ley, which now hangs on the walls of the White House, and
at an art exhibition recently held in the Public Library at"
Bridgeport, Conn., five of these remarkable pictures were
shown.
"AFTER THE STORM— A SCENE II* THE DESERT." A PICTURE MADE OF HUNDREDS OF, MINUTE PIECES
OF WOOD OF PROPER HUES, OBTAINED BY THE MAKER,' A MASSACHUSETTS MAN, FROM ALL PARTS
, OF THE WORLD. • '
"is; a- curious condition ; of British politics that, re
quires {this old man to, remain;, in office.^ The empire
is suffering -from a -dearth of statesmanship. .,:., The
Liberals are- admittedly and hopelessly Without"' a
leader, and the retirement of Salisbury would leave
the Conservatives hardly any better off. Joseph
Chamberlain,- despite his admitted cleverness, has not
the confidence of any considerable/ following. His
career has been too full of changes. for the people to
trust him much." Balfour has never fulfilled the
promise of his youth and falls farrshort of the force
required of a Prime Minister. 'Rosebery is too given
to criticizing . things, ever to be a real leader. So
neither party has any man to offer, for the; place.
Salisbury, therefore, will probably be retained as long
as he lives. Even in decay he is'better than any one
else for the 'position. * »
Salisbury is said to have spoken all that in the style
of a man communing with himself rather than ad
dressing an audience, and as if he were seeking to
unravel some tangled skein of events with which he
had nothing to do further than 'to study it for the
gratification of an intellectual curiosity. He looked,
says the writer, as if "he-might have. been a philoso
pher summing up the meaning of an epoch, but he
did not look like a statesman whose business it is to
withstand fate." ....
: The London Chronicle recently gave an account of
the old statesman's manner in" making a speech on the
finances of. the empire. It says he spoke as if he were
detached. from the Government," and were an impar
tial, spectator viewing things which he does'not con
trol, but in which he acquiesces as a part. oi, the de
crees of fate. Virtually his argument amounted to
this: "There is^af great expenditure; there . is what
|may be called extravagance, but the cause of it is
wrapped up in the history of the times. The huge
outlay to-day is due to the economy of former years.
A love of national thrift reduced the country to a
state of disarmament, and in. this unprotected condi
tion it was compelled to spend money with bound
less liberality.. But there is another cause, more im
mediate and yet closely interwoven with the move
ment of history. It is a historical law that political
life is subject to perils and accidents. One- of these
was the invasion of the King's territory by the Boers,
and, as always happens when these unforeseen things
occur, the outbreak. of war caused great: expense..
There are great tides, too, in history which we can
not govern. ; We are in the full sweep of such a tide,
and this great outlay is' largely due to it; but there
is danger in such an expenditure, and the wise states
man-will watch it, and, where he can, curb it."- . ,
REPEATED reports and rumors of ' the ap
& proaching retirement; of Lord Salisbury from
< the British Cabinet may have no official foun
dation, but at /least they serve to show that in the'
opinion of a, considerable part of the British .public
he ought to retire. He is at present hardly' more than
a figurehead in the Government,* and is probably re
tained there solely because the Conservatives have
nobody to put in his place. ,-" V
THE .DECAY OF SALISBURY.
Dr. Etand, chief chemist of the Pasteur 'Institute
in Paris, has confirmed the report that the institute
has discovered a method' of producing food from ab
'solutely - inorganic matter, but he adds : "The only
objection to the process is that the production of the
food would require a' year with, an "ultimate cost of
$1000 a pound." 'Food like' that might be fit for the
gods," but it would be too high even for millionaires.
The butchers need not go out of business yet.
The isthmian canal and the Pacific cable have been
long, waited for. President Roosevelt will be fortu
nate if he can see them begun in earnest during his
administration. The opposition to them has been
cunning and ingenious, but the people, are in favor of.
them, and it is high* time for Congress to act. "'The^
new President, therefore, could not have donV any
thing better calculated to add to the public tonfidence
in his administration than to declare, as he: has, that
he will uphold in its entirety the policy of McKinley.
is left to -compete unaided by the 'Government against
the heavily subsidized merchant marine of other
countries. It is gratifying to know . , that the . full
strength of the administration will be used in urging
the passage of a shipping bill. at the coming session,
for hardly any other legislation is more important at
this time. « ¦ " .
Upon the other great policies it is hardly likely there
will be any dissensions.. It is true that for one reason
or another the .Republican party has not yet kept its
pledge to promote the upbuilding of the American
merchant marine, but the opposition is hardly likely
to be strong enough to prevenfthe desired legislation
this winter. Our expanding commerce requires a
larger merchant fleet than we have at this time upon
the seas, or are likely to have so long as our shipping
The problem of reciprocity is one over which there
have arisen some dissensions. There 'are sortie manu
facturers who -would quite willingly sacrifice our rural"
industries for the-Salce of getting additional markets
for. their manufacturecLgoods, ?and there are 'some
Eastern States seemingly willing, to sacrifice Western
interests for the sake of. Eastern trade; nor. can it be
denied' that some of the reciprocity treaties now be
fore the Senate are of a kind that would be unjust to
many American industries. In so far as the treaties
are unjust; -they violate the principle of reciprocity of '
which the 'Republican party is champion, and for
which McKinley stood' from the time he entered of-.,
fice down to the day when he delivered his. speech at"
the Buffalo exposition just before his assassination. ' 3.
In that address President McKinley said we should
seek to increase pur* foreign commerce "by sensible
trade arrangements which will not interrupt, our
home production." T In another place he > said: "We
should 'take from .'our customers such of their
products as we can use without harm to our indus
tries &hd labor.!' Statements of that kind make it
clear that such reciprocity as McKinley" favored
would not sacrifice any American industry for the
sake of promoting the foreign trade of another indus
try, .or, break down the comprehensive system of pro
tection with which "his name as a statesman is firmly
associated.
Of the various ; policies,; for which the.-administra
tiori stands there are four of paramount importance.
These 'are the^ adoption of reciprocity'treaties for .the
expansion of our foreign commerce, the development
of the American merchant marine by the aid of* wisely
devised legislation;, the construction of the isthmian
canal and" the laying of' a Pacific Ocean cable; With
respect to of these, the-President stands exactly
where his predecessor stood," and willvbe true to every
pledge the Republican party has ''made concerning
them. . '' * . . .
DISPATCHES 'from Washington refute the '
reports that have been - ip.', circulation that
Roosevelt; is opposed to the policy^
"pursued by Secretary Hay" with respect', to the isth
mian canal,~and would "at an early date accept "the Sec-~
retary's resignation. .It is now announced that the
President has . reiterated his determination to carry
out the policy of McKinley in every respect,: and that
he will even retain as long as he can the whole of the
present Cabinet. '
PICTURES IN WOOD THE LATEST
CREATION IN THE WORLD OF ART
a great crisis in American' history a place will have
to be given to the negro; It says: ' "The curly-;
headed j and black- faced \ Crispus 'Attacks has had to
appearin^all pictures of the State street fight. with the
British troops garrisoning .Boston; so,~ too, th'e
wpollyhea^d appears behind Jackson's cotton bale for
tifications at New Orleans •] so, again, in the .'return
ing board i on whose 'return' pivoted. the one disputed
Presidency in our history; . so at Santiago, and so
probably to *the end of the nation's "= story, for better
or: worse. 'He is here' to stay,', says Booker Wash
ington." i ; : ' .
THE PRESIDENT'S POLICY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, FRIDAY, BEPTEMBER 20, 1901;
10
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit GOc per lb at Townsend'a.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and. public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 519 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •.
A new trolley line- between New York
and Connecticut promises a regular run
of sixty miles an hour outside of city lim-
its.
T -, ; ¦ 1 » m m
SUMMER RATES at Hotel del Coronado.
Coronado Beach, Cal., effective after April 13;
$60 for round trip," including 11 days at hotel.,
Pacific Coast S. S. Co.. 4 New Montgomery St..
AjarorsEaiENTs.
TlvoU-'Tanst."
Grand Opera-house— "Richelieu. "
ColuznbUr— "A Modem Crusoe." ...
Orphenm— Vaudeville. ', .
Central— "A Voice From the "Wilderness."
Alcarar— "The Taming of the Shrew."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — VaudevUle every afternoon and,
evening. . «
FlBcher'8— VaudevlUe.
Sutro Baths— Open nights.
Emeryville Park — Races to-day. '- .
AUCTION SALES.
By T. H. Chase &. Co.— This day. Horses, Wagons, etc., at
1732 Market street. 4 .
By O. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday. September 23. at 12
o'clock. Crooks Estate Properties, at 14 Montgomery street. -
PHE5IDEMF ROOSEVELT AMD
I WHITE MAN WHO GAVE IJP
EVERYTK1XG FOR HIS
FILIPINO LOVE.
FemarkaM; story of th; waite Bismarck
dwellinj; among the Igorratss of Luzan. '
THE BARED ARM GIRL IS
llLKt» . " . :
Ycu will want to know who she is and
''* I all at\ ft*
THE HUMAN BEAST OF BUR-
RCHEST INDIAN GIRLS IN
PAGES OF HUMAN INTEREST
. From Ordi n ary Seaman to Rear=Admirai I
The Remarkable Story of the Fisc of O. "W. Farenhclt, U. S. N. |Southern Pacific sells round' trip tickets
October 3 and'4,"$S7... Shortest route, least
time ; en route, besf mountain scenery,
road of famous "Overland Limited." Per
sonally conducted excursions via Cincin
nati and via Chlcasro. 613 Market street.-.
Last Excursion to Buffalo.
Barrett- was then taken to the City
Prison and locked up in the tanks. The
police are searching -for. his companion...,
Barrett promptly opened the purse and
showed the contents to Anderson. They
consisted of a $100 Confederate bill, three
$1 bills and $5 in gold.
Barrett offered • the purse and contents
to his prospective victim for $54, after ad
vising him not to tell anybody of his
"lucky find."
'Realizing that the fellow was trying to
swindle him, Anderson grabbed the
bunko man by the arm and held him until
Police Officer McQuaide arrived.
Charles Barrett, who, the police say, is
a bunko man, came to grief yesterday
while trying to swindle Nels Anderson of
12 Sheridan street. Anderson was walking
along Ninth street, near Howard, when
Barrett and another man passed bv him.
Barrett's, accomplice reached for his
handkerchief and in taking it out of his
pocket dropped his purse. Barrett sud
denly fell beck, and, picking up the purse,
showed it to Anderson. . ; -
"This is a pudding," he remarked. "Let's
see what's in It." . c; -
Charles Barrett Offers Purse "Found"
by ITim to Nels Anderson and
¦ . . Is Arrested.
BUNKO MAN CATTGH?
BY INTENDED VICTIM
The office of George H. Dill, manufac
turers' agent, at 116 California street, was
entered by burglars between the hours, of
7 and 9 o'clock yesterday morning and $400
worth of gold leaf taken. There is no
clew to the burglars.
Burglars Steal Gold Leaf.
Leaders and Tail Enders Will Be the
Principals in the Next Series at
Recreation Park.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— Won. Lost. Per Ct.
San Francisco 65 49 , .570
Los Angeles 54 49 .524
Sacramento 49 '67 ¦" 462
Oakland 49-62 .441
The hoodoo is still with the Oakland
baseball team. Just as they were threat
ening to cut a wide swath and get into
the' race accidents began to, happen and
the players were carried off on stretchers.
But notwithstanding the great lead of i
the Frlscos and the approach of the sea
son's end, there is still a chance for the
Dudes if they can only get together. It is
Los Angeles that needs watching, i The
fans of the southern city are jubilant
over the new supply of talent recently
acquired and are still. confident of winning
the pennant.
This Is the Une-up for to-day's game: •
San Francisco. Position. Oakland.,
Wilson ....Catcher .Lohman
Krug Pitcher Mosklm&n
= ¦ . or Schmidt
Pabst First . base. . . .'. Eagan
Schwartz Second base Mohler
Reilly ..Third base Babbitt
Shay Shortstop ¦. Francks
Hlldebrand Left field Arrellanes
Brockhoff Center field ........ Drennan
Nordyke...... ..Right field Streib
OAKLAND BALL TEAM
MEETS SAN FRANCISCO
Charlemagne Tower, the United States
Embassador here, remarked in conversa
tion with Prince OblenEkl. the assistant
of Count Lamsdorff, the Minister of For
eign Affairs, that he would. In accordance
with custom, place his resignation at
President Roosevelt's disposal, the Prince
is said to have replied that he hoped
Tower would remain In St. Petersburg, as
the Russian Government highly valued
his experience and tactful services to
ward the maintenance of friendly rela
tions between the United States and Rus
sia.
High Official Expresses Hope That
He Will Be Retained at St.
Petersburg.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 18.— When
EMBASSADOR TOWER SUITS
THE RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT
Stventh race— Futurity course; three-year
olds and up; purse:
2676 Clarando 100 2671 Gusto 112
2670 First Shot 9" 2671 Flamero 105
2671 Frank Duffy.... 95 2^70 Fine Shot 100
2604 Bagdad 93
Sixth race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; selling:
2677 Mike StrauBS...lll| 2670 Katie Walcott.103
2668 Lucidia 103 2673 Mam. Hildreth 97
2677 Mike Rice 101 1 2676 Kitty Kelly.... 105
Fifth race — Five and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; handicap:
2669 nattered 80 2667 Royalty 115
2661 Fred Atterbury 80 2661 Torso Maid 109
2669 Flo Culver 102 2667 Parlzad* .115
2556 Estado ..110 2667 Evea G 105
Fourth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; handicap:
2674 Sir Dougal 110 1 2674 Meehanus 116
2657 B«rnota 104 2657 Sir Hampton. ..112
2661 Huachuca 80! . _
Third race — Five furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
2660 Howard 113 2523 Amasa .........119
2673 Luca 113 2602 Senator Marts. 119
1670 Almoner 119 2581 Duckoy 119
Etta H... 119 2676 Flatterer 116
2396 Cousin Carrie.. 113
Second race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; purse:
2658 Pongo 113 2673 Pegalong 100
2677 San Augustine.115 2673 Bob*Palmer....lOO
2659 Boardman 105 2660 Ravlno 105
2664 Pidalla 105 2676 Mountain Dew. 100
Eden Vale i Mack
Abdlne I Imp
Sable le Grand | Durfee Me
Racing: will be continued at Oakland
track this afternoon -with the following 1
excellent programme:
First race— Golden Gate Stakes; mile heats:
three in five:
Racing at Oakland.
Brackish water is now the only avail
&ble water for domestic use at Homers
and many Portuguese settlers and planta
tion hands are going elsewhere for work.
Many cattle on the ranches are dying
from thirst.
HILO. Sept. 12. by wireless telegraph to
Honolulu, Bept. 13.— Fanned by the in
creasing winds, the Hamakua forest fire
is now making alarming headway. The
main track of the flre is now on Parker's
ranch, and 40,000 acres of forest are
doomed unless a heavy rain comes imme
diately. A total of 20,000 acres has been
burned in Hamakua.
Twenty-five thousand acres of next
year's cane crop in the Hamakua district
is gone on account of the continued
drought. This includes fields of the
Ookaia, Kukaiau. Paauilo, Ilonokaa and
Kukuihaele plantations. Part of the
young cane is now being cut and part of
it will be left to die in the fields.
the Conflagration and Save the
Cane Crop.
Heavy Rain Needed to Extinguish
HAMAXTTA FOBEST FIRE
TffAfTES ALARMING HEADWAY
-^bout one year ago the torpedo-boat
destroyer Cobra beat the record of the
Viper and won the title of the fastest ves
sel in the world. The record of the Viper,
which was afterward wrecked, was forty
three miles an hour, while the Cobra In
an unofficial trial over the same course
as that sailed by the Viper, at the mouth
of the Tyne. made 37.7 knots, or 43.5 miles.
The Cobra was an exact duplicate of the
Viper.
Fifty-yard dash— First heat. Gray, C. H. S.;
Llnberiheimer, L. H. S. ; Hughes, O. H. 8.
Second heat— ShleMs, C. H. B. ; Vosburgh, L.
H. S.; Mitchell, L. H. 8.; Stanley, B. H. S.;
Adams, B. H. S.
100-yard dash— First heat, Stanley, B. H. S. ;
"Wilcox, O. H. S.; Mitchell, U H. S.; Llnben
heirner, L. H»S.
Second heat— Ensang Cllngr,' B. H. S. : Lang:,
Lick; Berry, L. H. S.; Griffin, L. H. S.;
Adams, P. H. S. ¦
220-yard dash— First heat, Baldwin, O. H. S. ;
Nelson, B. H. S. ; Berry, L. H. S.
Second heat— Wilcox, O. H. S.; Norton, O.
H. 6.; Grlffln, C. H. S.
440-yard dash— Olsen, P. H. S.: Sheehan, O.
H. S.: Burtz, Lick; R. Boeltlgrer, B. H. S.;
Nelson. B. H. S.; Klnsey, O. H. S.
880-yard run— Monson. B. H. S. ; Foster, P
H. S.; MacNichol. Lick; Taylor, Lick; Mor
ton, I*. H. S.; Coyne, O. H. S. ; Hazell, I* H.
S. : Norton, O. H. S.
Mile run — La Grange, B. H. S. ; Cosrgrtn. P.
H. S.; MacNichol,, Lick; Backus, O. H. S.;
Lundy, O. H. S.; Cooper, O. H. S.x Morton
L. H. S.; Gibson, L. H. S. X
Two-mile run — La Grange, B. H. S. ; Hawley
B. H. S.; Lundy, O. H. S.; Backus. O. H. S.
120-yard hurdle— Chaplin, B. H. 8.; Thayer
O. H. S.; Lang, Lick.
220-yard hurdle— First heat. Boeltiger, B. H.
S. ; Burpee, O. H. S.
Second heat — Klstler, B. H. S. ; Finn, B. H.
S. : Thayer, O. H. S. •
Shot put-O. Boeltlfjer, B. H. S.; Clark. B.
H. S.; Bonefleld, P. H. S.; Barthels, L. H. S.;
Jones, L. H. S. ; Hinds, O. H. S. ; Williams,
O. H. S.
Hammer throw-Jones, L. H. S. ; Williams,
O. H. S.; Hinds, O. H. S.; O. Boeltiger,
B. H. S.
High Jump— Glrvin, B. H. S. ; Monson, B. H.
S. : Megerstadt. Lick; Cavonaugh, Lick; Mor
ton, L. H. S. ; Gray, C. H. S.; Zamlock, O. H.
S.; Shipman, C. H. S.; Burpee, O. H. S.
Pole vault— Burpee, : . O. H. S.; Shipman, C.
H. S.; Hawley. B. H. S.; Ensang Cling, B. H.
S. ; Lang;, Lick.
Broad Jump — Gray. C. H. S. ; Hughes, O. H.
S. ;'Chaplin, B. H. S.; Thayer. O. H. S. ; Bald
win, O. H. S.; Vosburgh, L. H. S.; Knopf,
P. H. S.; Magerstadt. Lick; Cavanaugh, Lick;
Kerns. B. H. S. : Boeltiger, B. H. S.
Relay, one mile— O. H. S-. B. H. 5.
Representatives of Oakland, Berkeley,
Lick and Polytechnic Schools
Entered for Competition.
The semi-annual field day of the Bay
Counties Athletic League will be held on
the University of California athletic
grounds to -morrow. The entries are from
the Oakland, Berkeley, Lick and Polytech
nic High Schools. The complete list-fol
lows:
HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETES
. ON THE CINDER PATH
The decision. If It stands, will have a
very important effect There are twenty
five or thirty prisoners in the Oahu jail
who were illegally convicted and sen
tenced under the ruling of the court and
all may have to be tried over again. Some
of the cases are old ones, w in which the
witnesses cannot be found. Large sums
collected by the Hawaiian Government in
tariffs may have to be refunded.
After deciding to take up the case,
Judge^ Estee discussed at length various
decisions on the question of trial by jury.
He quoted the Xewlands resolution, as
did Gear, to the effect that Hawaiian
laws "not contrary to the constitution of
the United States" should remain In force,
and held with Gear that this meant that
laws that were contrary to the constitu
tion were abrogated and annulled. The
Hawaiian Supreme Court reversed Gear
on this point only a, few weeks ago.
Immediately after the discharge of the
prisoner he was rearrested on a new
charge. The prosecution hopes to hold
him until an appeal from Estee's decision
can be taken to the United States Su
preme Court.
Judge Estee first discussed at length. the
question of whether he should take juris
diction, referring to the delicacy with
which Federal courts regarded the ques
tion of Interfering with State or Terri
torial courts and saying that it was only
done when the conditions were peculiar
and unusual. He said that the Territorial
Supreme Court "decided one way at one
time and another way at another time
upon questions of the gravest importance
and which involved Identically the same
principle." He said that If it were true
that the American constitution, as it
provided the right of trial by juryt had
been nullified by the Territorial court there
should be an immediate remedy, and it
was his duty to take jurisdiction, under
such conditions.
HONOLULU, Sept. 13.— United States
Judge Estee yesterday decided that the
constitution of the United States was ex
tended to the Hawaiian Islands by the
Newlands resolution, sustaining the de
cision of Circuit Judge Gear and reversing
the Supreme Court of Hawaii. The deci
sion was rendered in the case of one Osakl
Manklchi, a Japanese, convicted of man
slaughter without the indictment of a
grand jury and on a verdict of nine trial
jurors.
A dispatch from Middlesboro says
twelve survivors of the crew of the Cobra
were landed there this "morning and con
firmed the report that all the others were
drowned. The British Admiralty has re
ceived information that the explosion oc
curred after the Cobra struck a rock and
that she sank immediately.
The Cobra was a turbine-englned ves
sel. She had just left the yard of her
contractors and was undergoing a boiler
test.
The first Intimation of the disaster was
the arrival of a fishing boat at Yarmouth
with six bodies which she had picked up
In the vicinity of the spot where the
Cobra was last seen. According to the
fishermen, the Cobra was sighted by the
lightship off Dowsing Sands yesterday,
enveloped in steam, and she shortly after
ward disappeared. The men on the light
ship supposed the Cobra had sailed away
until the evening, when they observed
bodies floating In the water and signaled
to the fishing boat to investigate the dis
aster.
Five boats were launched after the
Cobra struck, but some of them were
swamped in the heavy, sea which was
runnlns: at the time.
Lieutenant Bosworth Smith, the Cobra's
commander, stood upon the bridge with
his arms folded, as impassive as if on pa
rade, and went down with the vessel.
The Cobra had seventy-nine souls on
• board. For sirty-seven no hope Is held
out, but torpedo-boats and cruisers have
gone at full speed to the scene of the dis
aster, which is the most serious the Brit
ish navy has suffered since the sinking of
the Victoria.
LONDON. Sept. 19.— The torpedo-boat
destroyer Cobra has foundered In the
North Sea, the result of an explosion.
'Zfrs chip was en, route from the yard of
her builders, the Armstrongs of Newcas
tle, to Portsmouth.
PIETERMARITZBURG, Natal, Sept.
19.— In view of the Imminence of the re-
Invasion of Natal by General Louis Botha,
with a force of 1500 men, a special issue
of .the Gazette has called out a number
of men of the Natal corps to muster here
to-day. ¦ • '
General French reports that Command
ant Smuts, In order to break through a
cordon, rushed on a squadron of the Sev
enteenth Lancers at Elands River Poort,
killing: three officers and twenty men and
wounding one officer and thirty men.
The Boers, who were dressed in khaki
and who were mistaken for British 1 offi
cers, lost heavily.
Major Gough, who escaped during the
night, reports that the Boers numbered
1000 men and. that they were commanded
by General Botha. • .
• A dispatch from Lord Kitchener from
Pretoria, dated September 18, announces
that the Boers on September 17 ambushed
three companies of mounted Infantry with
three suns, commanded by, Major Gough,
In the vicinity of Scheepers Nek. After
severe fighting the British were over
powered and lost their guns, the sights
and breech blocks of which were first de
stroyed. Two officers and fourteen men
were killed and five officers and twenty
flve men were wounded. Five officers and
150 men were made prisoners.
LONDON. Sept. .19.— The .Boers have
captured 200 British troops and three guns
at Scheepera Nek. .
rious Forces, Is Now Seriously
Contemplating the Reinva
. sion of Natal.
General Botha, Who Led the Victo-
Case Involving the Disputed Points
Will Be Carried on Appeal to
United States Supreme
Court.
Twelve Survivors Beach Shore in a
Lifeboat and Tell the Story
of the Terrible Dis
aster.
English Lose Sixteen yKilled
and Thirty Wounded
During Fight.
Says Resolution
Extended the Constitution
• to the Islands.
Commander Calmly, Stays at
His Post and Sinks
With Vessel.
Capture Three Guns and
.Take Two Hundred
Prisoners. \
Lost With Nearly AH
of Her Crew.
Torpedo-Boat Destroyer
Federal Judge Estee Up
holds Decision of
Judge Gear.
THE COBRA
FOUNDERS IN
NORTH SEA
BOERS DEAL
HEAVY BLOW
TO BRITSH
BAD TANGLE
IN HAWAIIAN
LAW MATTERS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FB1DAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1901.
11
AMUSEMENTS.
The Newest of the New!
Dorothy Morton, the Misses Delmore
and Company, Mr. and Mrs. Karsy
and Their Giant My riophone, Stel-
la Lee, Marsh and Sartella, George
W. Leslie and Company, Ernest
Hogan, Libby, Trayer and Gil-
' bert, and the Biograph.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, 50c.
DIRECTORY
.OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES;
Catalogues and Prlca '; Lists Mailed
on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL' AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co., late Jacob Strahle
& Co.- (est'd. 1852), 409 Market St.; UDon In-
stallment or rented; also beer apparatus..
COAL. COKE ANJ PI3 IROX
1 C WIT SflN fc fft 900 Battery Street.
J' V-nlLSUn tt til-. Telephone Main 1861.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS..
JAS FOYFS & C»i ''-Shipping Butchers. 104
JAJ» DVICJ g VJ-, Clay. Tel. Main 1294. -
LUBRICATING OILS. ' LEONARD & ELLIS.
¦ 418 Front »t., S. F. Phone Main 1719. . - •
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN & McGUF-
FICK, 23 Spear St.. S. F. Tel. Main- 6320.. .
• PAINTERS ANDDECORATOVS.
JT DAWf AINF M0 GOLDEN GATE AVE.
• V/\ HUJllAlllC. Telephone Howard 1915. V.
Pioneer Dry Goods Store. £
Sells Ladles' and ¦ Children's Hose 5c a pair;
Ladles' Linen- Skirts, 35c; Men's Fine Dress
Shirts, worth <1. for/Oc. at 105 Fifth street..
PHINTINO.
RCBUGHES,: :; 6 n^S n^^ s . y , l
* v; : PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO.. , .
• . 23 First . street. San Francisco. ¦
PALACE HOTEL. 1
' For a quarter; of a rcentury . these
hotels have been the headquarters' of
tourists and travelers' ; who v have
journeyed from all parts. of;the world
to : . San • Francisco. ) .Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
:plan.V- '>' ,'"&7 : >si ¦ -...-. i- : " ":>' : : \"',~ '
GRAND HOTEL.
AMTJSEMENTS.
Starting TO-MORROW (SATUR-
.. DAY) NIGHT,
8— NIGHTS 8— MATTNEB SATURDAT ONI<T.
Hni/i-'c BcstWork -
1 1 \J J L O and Masterpiece
A TEXAS STEER,
Direct from Hoyfs Madison Sonar* Theater
New York. ' *
PRICES— 25c, S5c. 60c. 75c. ft
SEATS NOW 8EL1JNO. v ;
• Next— WESTS BIG MINSTREt. JUBHJ!H. :
BELASCO*™ THAICS jt+iiWt
\^ m , ' A w mmcmroMu
To-night and To-morrow Night— Last Nights
LAST MATTNEE NEXT SATURDAY.
The .Greatest Triumph Known in Yean.
A VOICB FROM : jg
THE WILDERNESS.
Enffagement of the Eminent American Actor.
ROBERT* E»O\A/IN ItVJCS.
PRICES 5 V ! nln * S 1Oc * "c. 25c. 33c. I0o
"'"''"- Matinee* , ioc 13c. jsa
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY MATTNE:!.
Next Sunday Evening and All Next Week.
LITTLE LORD FAUNTLEROY.
CHUTES and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bill.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
THE ".-AMATEURS
AND A ¦ —
LADIES' OBSTACLE RACE.
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
BASEBALL.
SAN FBANCISCO YS. OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AND SATURDAY
FK.T 3ilS. F>. 7V\.
SUNDAY AT 2:30P.M.
RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison street*.
iv AMUSEMENTS. N
*T1VO1_I*
{- EVENINGS AT.fr SHARP!
* MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
TO-NIGHT j AND SATURDAY NIGHT.
"FAUST."
"WITH A PERFECT CAST. .
Sunday Night and Saturday Matinee.
"CARMEN."
; V WITH COLLAMARINI.
Next Week— "NABUCCO" (Nebuchadnezzar)
• and "CARMEN."
' POPULAR PRICES-25C, 60c and 75c.
> . ¦ , ¦ ' Telephone Bush 9.
< ' To-night, Saturday and. Sunday Nights..
Last Matinee Saturday.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by, WHITE WHITTLESEY, ' '
In Shakespeare's Best Comedy. '
TtlE TAMIING Of
THE SHREW.
Next— Farewell week. Extraordinary revival
of "SAPHO."
MELROSE C0URSIN3 PARK.
List of Dogs Drawn foi» Sunday's
. Racing, September 22. '
j Forget vs.'. Lady Glenkirk ; Martha • Washing-
ton vs. Flora Bird; Magic'-" Circle .vs. The
Fenian; Lavlna vs.. Eager; Flying-. Belle vs.
Dorothy M;, Tom, Hurlick vsi Prairie Princess:
Anita vs. - Gray Cloud; . Ladies' Choice vs.
Whisky Hill; Jewess -vs. .Lydltte; Alaru«s vs.
Friendship; Merriwa ' ,vs. / Challenger; \ Game
Cock vs. Living Picture; Border ~ Lassie vs.-
Motto; - Black : Pearl "vs. Lundin Links; . Little
Maid: vs. Greyf eld ; : Salvation • vs. 'Battleship;
Satanella vs. Lord Artf oot ; . Royal Anne vs.
Dreadnaught; The Levite vs. Roxana; The Ex-
ile vs. Commodore ¦ Nash; j Gramercy vs. ¦ King' s
Borderer; * Night • Time ' vs. ¦ Admiral Sampson;
Governor Mack vs. : Daylight: Fireside vs. Miss
Wilson; Little . Lucy =vs. . New Moon; Black
Cloud vs." Morning Qlory; Cecil I M vs. -Risky
Attempt; Warrior vs. Bona Fide; O K Capitol
vs. Union Jack; Scottish Chief vs. Union Pride;
Toronto vs. Nora Lawrence; Ben Ida ; Boy vs.
Clarice. "
D t> TT C IJ I? Q F0R BARBERS, BAK-
g ;bootbUcks, tffi:
brewers, bookbinders.' : candy-makers, canners.
dyers.' flourmllls, foundries, laundries,- paper-
hangers, printers, . painters, shoe factories,-
stablemen, tar 1 roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
: ¦¦";¦;;¦-. BUCHANANS BROS. . '
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
;Weekly^CaUi$l;O0Lper Yaar r
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Notice to AH
V I know positively that Dr. Halpruner's Won-
derful Pain Remover is a medicine of exceptional
merit, for my family has used it for many years. I
I would not make this* statement without a positive,
personal knowledge whereof I speak, for I -do not
believe in recommending medicines without merit.
As a family remedy, good for sore throat, colds,
. headaches, cuts, bruises, sprains, rheumatism, neu-
r algia and, in fact, what all good liniments are good
Jfor, I strongly advise the use of Dr. Halpruner's
Pain Remover. H. S. BRIDGE,
Tailor, 632 Market street, San Francisco, Cal.
Mr. Bridge has been in business in San Fran-
cisco for 25 years, and is well known for his integ-
rity. His statement about Dr. Halpruner's Pain
Remover is a sirong argument in its favor as a med-
icine of much convenience and value in the home.
Fifty cents and $1 a bottle at all druggists or direct from Hal- •
pruner Medical Manufacturing Company, 28 California street, San
' Francisco, CaL Tel. Bush 463. Orders delivered.
AMTTSEMEHTS. '¦¦
GRANDS
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAT.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OP
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In Sir Robert Ly$ton Bulwer's Masterpiece,
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
. ,' .Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
Next "Week— JOSEPH HAWORTH in' "DR.
JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE."
v ULUIfl D I A annum theatei
TO-NIGHT, BATURDAT, SUNDAT NIGHTS,
MATINEE SATURD AT. -V '
MR. MELVILLE STOLTZ Presents
THOS. Q.
SEABROOKE
In 'Sydney Rosenf eld' a Romantic Comic Play.
A MODERN CRUSOE.
An admirable supporting company. Including
MISS ISABELLE EVESSON.
PRICES-$1 50, $1. 75c, 60c,. 35c and 25c.
flacinf^^Racing
AT CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB TRACK AT
EMERYVILLE.
'• . ' Under the Auspices of the . '
GOLDEN GATE RACING ASSOCIATION,
Beginning MONDAY, Sept. 1&-Contlnuing
. Eight Days. ) '
Great TROTTING and PACING Events.
Three or More RUNNING RACES Each Day!
' .Berkeley trains meet boats from foot of Mar-
ket street every half -hour direct to track.
RACING! RACING! RACING! .
SUTRO BATHS.
; ? :OF»EN INIGH TS.
OPEN DAILY FR<5fc 7 a. m. to" 11 p. m.
BATHING FROM 7 a. m. to 10i30 p m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing. Including admission. 25c: children. 20c
FISCHER'S concert house.
riQVn£<n-O . Admission IOc.
- Von Suppe's "BEAUTIFUL . GALATEA."
Mae Tunlson, the Bernards, the Gagnous,
Billy , Knight, Dllges, v Mabel Martin and : our
unrivaled : orchestra.' • .- ¦ . . - •
'• *. Reserved 'Seats."; 25c. Matinee Sunday.
, THE EM? 0^ 1 ™-. :''¦„• I THE EMPOBIUM. J | THE J^POBIXTM. | THE EMPORIUM.
**^** ******** *^^^ wif^qiw^wfa
If Tackets in easv HB ml^V-. _. IhP Flanne'.cttrs— a nice qua ity — sntablc for Un- }t
I *mm&? and t^ght. fi«ing « IP *^ €iofcB<er& THtaiBe Raza.a.iru E8 dcrweai > p »j™^ sk«., ««=.. m P :nk, M u e , .5
•^ itMB^MUKv V.-t. k w n H w h^mh^s KVMM>M.WI • "*j etc., s r.pei and p aids; real valu: 3 vards tor «J
£ ' - WienSr rol: CALIFORNIA'S" LARQEST«AMERICA»S GRANDEST STORE 2 5c Spedaisaeprice.to.day per' _ §
I .ing orflarir'gcol- ; , ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' / ' ' ' ' _ 7«d........: OD 3«
J» ,-~^$^r\l ¦ lar, . some few of -' ."¦——-'¦ _ '.«*" ¦ •" yv/\
S SirS I Men's $16.50 Suits, $9*85. Neck Ruffs /ral &
I X -"-'^S**- Men's $15 Overcoats, $9.85. ¦•»-»«» I
jf • j If _^ w l ' and best styles— the fMJM ¦ _¦_ 4f- V^ jtf ,,, \^»^^ 10 dozen of th* season's %jt5tie *^SL
S &J^V \ picture shows one gVMGffS $ Sp&o&P&f "ZSPltSm 2B£m&§5-, most stvlish Back 'Libe.t, £** 1& "2
| llffl SE^ISS Boys' $3.00 Suits, $1.98. '-li
K r*? l2^yA$Z~- I worth fio to |i8. K>*%mma*W titT eZft <GmmSS** ti* JB US ¦ loa « streamers; W**^ S $M&^ *
i '^IS-I Special Friday and EfOVS *5O SiiitSp S^a M 3m som= of our b=s: $2.00 ' V
JC Saturday only .' Tu ¦, , i V xl " . ¦ . . • styles. . On special s* e «
* §7m4-5 Inese and dozens of other similar values are the Friday on: y , each *
$ New Tailor Dre,,,$.8.oo-Made of new. Jesuit of a fortunate purchase;, by our Clothing buyer. &1.38. 'I
£ e«t »i-wcoi basket doth, ako in fin= cheviot} He rushed the goodsoutto us by^ fast freight to keep J
$ [hings humming in the Clothing Department until the *~i~*nu 5
V ated flounce; black and co h^--,^-* Regular lines have all arrived. Every garment in- vowing &uk. x
| o W .To.d, y andto.mbr ru w,.;gyg,CW cluded in : t his mgcffig Isgfi the correct weight, color su^b E2 £TSl% SVSS I
* Men'** MnnSrwnai* ,and style for Fall and Winter wear, and is strictly up to marked " factor y endj ." wWchmanj that there £
*• 3OcKind27n d^te in every particular. It is ;the best Clothing chance ¦to k £j£^ 1 ?$%%&:23o \
S : -; u " T^, v^ t - in town to-day." . ' . }; ;^> 5»
»-.- ioo desen Men s Scarfs, • m kmts, Derby?,' ¦-. ¦ . ' . . ' ¦ m ¦ * m m jt
K four-in-hands and puffs; ttylish, up-to-date pat- , itlWS&ttmS LOJJff .*•
| New Trimmed Hats s "p s *»<* shirts |
| On tpi cial sale to-day 27 C QK &* Half PrtCC, %
* PitAA^aitu Aam^ *P M m*3%9m 250 samples of In- ~. &
jf %*rucnery UCp I vBHnS^Pi Rcad y for t0 " da y and to-morrow— a particularly &"»" Gowns (no f^^ «{
Special Said W»E?K^ charming Jot of newest-style Velvet H ? ts, trimmed with *?* al!k^)' f , o{ Jc'T •«
5 i^^k This Salad Set, shirred silk and feather pompons; 2tJt* spS 5
*» jj^^^^-" of very fine Weimar rt ¦ morc l^ an $10.00' worth in WtSsSi^^ didly tiimmed; rrad: 6^^i'|tr'^j) %
6 China, large salad 'y -jj. : Z 5^ every one of them. Frid-y ard mi — I FBP^^MWj b ? on; of the bcst /^ 'J^vMm? •"*
K' J* and dx T a n fe*e4 Saturday only AP makcrs in Ncw r r ' ./?«! '5
g V da ha to match, all JUSL • ' f. ...... 9 ** ***& York; wet; secured \Vth 5
S ,^^ good value at $1.50;' "^^^j^>- M*&MW .' at 5 °oc on^te do'jlr \Ol S
JC> . • '^"-(lii- .^.' •Wi^Hnr -. l^^^^M^ of the maker's price. / ; \» .5
i M i^^c^-^^:THmmetlHats9iOm:W^ ¦ Z'£L£l*-,L}\ JSl |
If flown : decoitttons; a very special bargain — Latest Velvet Gainsborough Hat, with a full, large H i- / |i: 5 o Nainscok Long I (TJ I li l\\\ffl ¦ €
J att^ ay8 r e [, ••¦•• ••-• ¦ Pl^e; the most popular efFectofthe season; a regular \^J t^~-'~J?°^< Lli^ *
•J Water Tumblers — Good heavy pVn e'ass «,,. "1 •¦•' c • 1 • /- . '- i^c^M '¦ T2.C0 Nainsook Long ~~m/vjl-i*-^
I Water Tumblers, that are marreToV a slight J'^"'??- / P^ « f O #|#1 .' - **llPs ' *'-«» I
g scratch fom the factory mo!d;^^otherwhe the Fr da X and Saturday, only •-N/^/^ Nainsook Long Slips if/.2fi> $
£ jrce wcu'd be 50c per dozen; thes; we shal ; : ; — ; ¦ : —- 1— ; ' " " ' , - I3.00 Nainsook Long S'ipi; ..$VSU }t
«? sell to-day, per — ,.-. .„, - ¦ an _^^ ' ' jv ''".'• • ' m » - _ .JSi.oo Nainsook Long Skirts ............ SOo Jf
2; <Io«n........V.- BUtter S&ie Special Sale Of |l! 5 o Nainsook Long Skirts 75© '2
I Wii-.o-p—^^'^r for Frittav. G -«*'» Samptes. *«»>**>-**• w-»o s
— A large size, with mot- j *fc a '& . ] Hundreds ot Lace Curtain Samp'es, sent out . f^ » » ¦ Jf
j tied gold decoration; rcgu-v^^AiH» "i jjie verv b^st Creamerv om Europe for travdir s m:n to seii from; KjfdSScvir %&Z$B& %
K Jarly 65c each; N^^OJfi^^/ lc vc 'y U- M , UCdlllci y the afsortment incudes Irsh Pont, Bruss-Js *^ - ¦ ''- - «
5 to-day..... .. 39g Butter, regular size squares, and &•¦;• comers; they are a good width, Fof Friday? S
E „«, —^—7 — : on special sale to-day, Fri- {T -T -& - to /* y . ar r ' 8 lo . ng; from * to Io *^* r « r a mmm^m^ j
I T £S^S.,; Per square..,. o "S^g«fr' *»!/ SaftfTl^y. |
Jf Socks and one line of tan mrrcerired Cotton '•••••• • • • • • • «*"^«^ OUO IO &*£.UU EaZttm Ef *?afmont Cfg3PS—The a-for- St
» Socks, manufactured b/ I. & R Mcrlcy Eng- ' ' ' ~~" 2 5 C - Reina Victoria siz;. On Fri- -\-~ *5
I %i^&jMMB$M Wash Silks 35c. Cutlery Bargain. "C^"'^-^ »
K us to say for Fiic"ay anl Saturday 6foEZ, Ab<ut 3500 yaris of the best . quality of '^__ < ___ aaiMB|^_^ fUgdfS — A splendid smoke; worth at east Jf
only 4m%%C Corded Wash Silks, our latest importation thij (¦ ~|r=|i : i| \.^, *¦ }^_ sjfc\ :hree timrs oursprcia' price. To-day _ &
I* ' ¦ • ¦ > si* : seison; stripes, checks and plaids, in all popu- ' —^ ! »nd to-morrow, 7 fOi* «wC j§
5 Suit Hal* tafa*^ 1 J»*» 65 *"? good c 0 ' 0 ""^. 6uih as Wu;, pink, ' These 'table knves, good steel, itcr ing silver ; : J«
* vm<« iian^rd fOVi Nhe, lavender, gray, navy, tan, etc.; abso-utcy p^atcdj s:t of 6, on special tale tc-iay — — ll/f/Sfl'c f/nf/AMtfAAl* 5
J For Ladies' waists . O the best 5 oc Wash Silk made. only.! . 6SC i " G " S UnOGrWearm *
tf and skirts; the well- f ¦ To-day and Siturday, per.yari.,^. «0t£#Ci7 - i • A S 00 * 1 q«a«ty winter-weight Gray Merino j{
Jf' known Pearl Su r t I • — — B ilfnmm Cmam«a#a Undnwear for mm, well mafe and weil fin- jf ,
!C Hanger, which • has rff^^^T^*^^ l/flff*flfHPfl Pf A^lfnae M.Mt§UUr <2tpeUiaiSi' ished garmenb, that never sold for Jess than S
J the largest sa'e of any I \^ B*%~wZmJST Hock White Wine-Reguarly 6oc a gaUon ea:h. Are marked for spe- g* Q 'J
Jf in the- market; skrt '.'.' C K&* UG '*•**&''¦ ¦ an "^ Eood>a'.ue ; ' special to-day on! v_. . «! *Je Friday and Saturday 0 «7C~ jc "
* hangs ; separate, from . y^ g -. >v "Choice new iandscape subjects in platinum ••'••• '•¦ ' • V • " • • • ;•.••-.••.• 45C _ 'Q. __ , „ "£ •{
y- the waist} fitted with / g A effjcts, each mounted on heavy gray mat board, ' Wh!K Label Stout— McMulen's; regularly SSC TablCfSSCm "«
ft pat:nt hooks to fit ary f .| w ; t h a a^-inch. marg'n, indde measure f»-io « dozen; special to-day. ¦...;; $1,QO A fin- nua'itr of Writing Tablets, in kM V
5 ";r 8 WiJ^^onlv«ch ¦ '*V1* inCh l 8 ' n 1 s:iS ., I 4«8 inches, Bcurbon Whiskey-The well.^fd Ken- to finXfor 1atIC4 le^ S
25c. SpecialFn ay only, «ch...... regularly 50c cch. On special sale . tucky-B-le; full qu:rt,; regularly 7S cj to-da,. . and packet Jiz«, regular I S c Tab- *' J
I •"• " ' " C £QC .....;....; ¦. S5o le . g . Spicial to-day only!. gp jj
I Furniture and l Carpet Specials Friday. I
I Roxbury Tape&try Brussels Carpet-ln many bright, |
S \. / uT° r; ¦ 4l8 . M ? te " J eXCdlCIltl7 *f«.75 * pattern, the kind with the stripes on the back-special -J *
J made and finished and worth special to-day. *>§&'*** to-day, per yard " 79C °?
J Parlor Tsbfe— Of golden oak, sizs of top 18x18 inches, " " " * "5
g a shelf below for books— special to-day. ......-.• .". -. %*%*G Linen Warp Matting— double dye, reversible and durably *%JM \
J Gondola COUCH— Made of the finest quality of. tempered springs and w6rth 3 OC P cr yard— sp:cial to-day... dS**C J 'TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Du«.
Eureka......... Humboldt .. ....'. jSeptTio
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Sept. 20
Point Arena... Point- Arena.. Sept. 20
Tltanla ¦. Nanaimo Sept. 20
Hyades Tacoma ...; Sept 20
Arcata Coos Bay Sept. 2t
Bonlta Redondo & Way Ports Sept. 21
Tellus.. Oyster Harbor Sept. 21
Colombia '.. Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept 22
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 23
Progreso Tacoma Sept. 23
Pcmoi-a... Humboldt ....;... Sept 23
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports.;... Sept 24
t*trona Redondo & Way Ports. Sept. 24
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 24
San Pedro Humboldt , ;..: .Sept 24
City of Sydney Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 23
TO SAIL.
, Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pl«r.
' . September 20. '
Doric China and Japan.. 1 pm PMS3
_. ' : September 21.
Czarina.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 8
Kureka Humboldt ;-... « am Pier 13
Mariposa..... Honolulu 2 pm Pier ~1
September 22.
Areata........ Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Santa Rosa.. San DIeg-o & Way. 9 am Pier 11
'••¦• ' - September 2H.
Umatllla..... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
O. w. Elder. Portland & Astoria 11 am Pier '4
Point Arena.. Point Arena.. 2 pm Pier 2
September 24.
-North Fork.. Humboldt ....:. 9 am Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt ....: 1:30 p Pier 9
Rainier....... Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
September 26.
Corona :. Redondo & Way.; 9 am Pier 11
. . t September 27. .
Nippon Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
„ , ... September 28.
Colombia..... Valparaiso & Way 12; m Pier ia
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am l'ler 9
ban Bias..... Panama & War;. 12 'm PMSS
"¦'¦¦'.'/. ¦ FROM SEATTLE. ".
.; Steamer. ; Destination. Sails.
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 2o
Farallon....... Skagnay & Way Ports. Sept. 20
Uaronne... Nome direct.'. Sept. 20
w Ctta i? e ,i; Uy — Ska S ua y & Way Ports. Sept. 22
Humboldt...... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 23
txcelsior...... Cooks Inlet & Way.. Sept. 23
Cnas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. 8ept.27
Nome City..... Nome and Teller...... Sept 23
Senator Nomo direct ............ Sept. 28
United States Coast and % Geodetic Survey—
1 Times -and Heights of High' and Low
..waters; at Fort. Point, entrance to San
V Francisco- Bay. • Published by official' au
"'»-""?!?^ of th « Superintendent.
-r^OTE— The high and .low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later ¦ than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon -and- Tide.
FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 20. '•".•¦
Sun rises ...:........... ..;...;...:........... ...5:55
Sun sets..........;...:...;........ .;.,.. g. lo
Moon . sets " (first quarter) 10 : 69 p. in."
¦^ Time , Time ' ~ , Time * \, Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft, Ft.
-__ H W '•'¦¦ L 'W ',,>¦, H W ¦; ; LW
20... ¦ 6:46 4.0 10:00 8.2 4:05 4.8 11:26 0 8
21..: 6:48 4.1 11:20 8.2 5:09 ' 4.8 ."...
• L W ' H W li-W • • ¦ H W "">"
22 .. :0:21 0.7 7:40 4.4 12:30 .3.0 6:18 4.8
23 :.. -1:12 -0.6 8:20 4.7 yl:30 2 .6 7:24 I'.l
24 ... 2:01 ,0.5 .8:58 5.0 • 2:20 2.1 8i24 '51
25 ... :2:46 0.5 9:32 5.2 3:09 1.6 -9:22 68
26.:. 3:33 .0.6 10:06 5.4 -3:52,. 0.9 1Q;16 5^
NOTE— In the "above exposition of the tides
ARRIVED.
¦>•••„, • Thursday, September 19.
. , Stmr Eureka, Jfssen. 26 -hours from Eureka.
Bark ¦ Undaunted, Davidson,' ' 23 days from
Kutha-ak. ¦
~ Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographies ,' Office, -TJ.' g. N, Mer
chants' . Exchange, San Francisco Cal
.; ; September 19, 1901. . - ;* . -•'./ ¦:
¦ The time. ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly 'noon to-day—
1. i e.. •- at - noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p.~ nj., Greenwich time. ..,-.¦" ,
' " " . . ¦>„¦-¦ v. C. . G.^ CALKINS."
\ Lieutenant Commander, U, S. !?.. in charge.
Kaville and a teamster named Matt
Casey drew revolvers on Owens. The of
ficer was determined to arrest his assail
ants, and when other officers came to his
assistance had his handcuffs on the men.
During ' the struggle, however, Owens
was roughly- treated. Some one In the
crowd kicked him several; times In the
body, and another struck him on the head
with a heavy beer glass. .
Kaville and ! Casey were charged at the
City, Hall , station with assault to murder.
Owens was -treated : at the Emergency
Hospital for a number of bruises.
Owens was on the way to his station to
report for duty. He heard! a shot In the
saloon and went In to investigate. A free
fight was in progress, but. when the of
ficer entered , the participants directed
their assaults toward him.
Policeman Daniel .Owens was badly
beaten yesterday afternoon in the saloon
of Barf Kavllle, at Market "and Brady
streets, where he had gone to quell a dis
turbance, i - .
Many, Lives Lost by an Explosion.
TOURS, 1 France, Sept.' 19.-An explosion
caused by a flre In a powder ' factory at
Ripault has resulted in the death of elev
en, persons -and * the injury of seventeen
others a majority of .whom will die from
the early- morning, tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
*?!?¦!• ord f r ot occurrence as to time: the
fourth time . column gives the last tide of the
day, except when. there are but three tides as
S^.'.i 1111 '* 8 °E curs - ¦ ' The . heights given ¦ are in
addition to the soundings . on the United States
Coast Survey charts. 'except when a minus (—)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
fflven is subtracted % from the" depth > (riven by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of:the lower low. waters. ¦ -, • . . .
POLICEMAN IN QUELLING
A ROW IS BADLY BEATEN
¦ SAULT STE. MARIE, Mich.,- Sept. 19.—
News of the probable loss of the West
ern Transit steamer Hudson, with a crew
of . twenty-five men; on Lake Superior last
Monday was brought by, the steamer Nic
ol, which arrived here from Duluth early
to-day. According to the report of Cap
tain McLean of the Nicol, the Hudson left
Duluth for Buffalo some time after the
Nicol and passed .that steamer Sunday
night. Monday morning the Nicol came
up to the Hudson again, about eight miles
west of Eagle River. The Hudson was in
a bad way, with decks awash, in a furious
gale and, pumps, hard working. Captain
McLean said he- had alU he could do to
save his own vessel and -could not render
assistance. I When he arrived in port he
supposed the steamer Gilchrist had res
cued the Hudson's crew.' . When he heard
such was not the case, he said there was
no possible hope for the foundered ship.
The Hudson was valued at $200,000 and
carried a full cargo of flour, grain and
east-bound merchandise, worth J100 000
abled in a Furious Gale on
'.. Lake, Superior. " -.
When Last Seen the Vessel Was Dis-
FHAJft THAT THE HUDSON
HAS GO2TE TO THE BOTTOM
An "At Home" at the Nursery.
The board of managers of the San Fran
cisco Xursery for Homeless Children will
be "at home" to their friends at th» nur
sery. 1534 Mission street, Saturdav SeD
tember 2L from 2 to 6 o'clock. A. very
good programme will be given. The fol
lowing members of the board will en
deavor to give their friends a very pleas
ant afternoon; Mrs. W. S. Leake Mrs
E. F. Preston. Mrs. William Thomas'
Mrs. William Frank, Mrs. M. H Hecht
Mrs. J. Bertz, Mrs. William Holiis. Mrs'
H- E - CT °f T bo ") e ; Mrs - Albert Dernhami
Mrs. F. V. Wright. Mrs. R. H. Country
man, Mrs. J. L. Gould, Mrs. O. B. Burns
Mrs. S. B. McLenegan. Mrs. Guy B. Man
ning, Mrs. James Klder, Miss S. E. Cow
ell, Mrs. A, H. Martin and Mrs. W. E.
Jackson. •
The Toyo Kisen Kaisha's Nippon Maru
arrived from the Orient yesterday.- -She
passed both the Oceanic Steamship.Com
pany's Ventura and the Pacific Mail Com
pany's China. Both vessels left here the
same day for Honolulu and the Ventura
had gained two hours on her opponent.
Both mail boats were running on schedule
time, but the Ventura had a "green"
crew In the flreroom owing to the strike,
while the China had the same old gang of
coolies that has attended to her fires since
she went into commission. The cabin pas
sengers were- the following named:
D. P. Bartlelt. L. F. Bates. Mrs"., L. F.
Bates and child, J. A. Blackmer, Baron Borch,
Lieutenant Coermann, Hon. C." v H. j Dietrich
Miss Dietrich, Mrs. J. L...Dupont, Professor
Bashford Dean, Mrs. B. Dean, P. Eschauzier
Captain Fell, H. P. Fisher,- J. D. Fraser!
Lieutenant Fulda, H. K. ' Hall, Colonel
Gundell, Count Hardenberg, -Captain von
Kaehne, Dr. W. E. -Kaser, Lieutenant ', von
L&ndsberg, . R. R. Lawrence, Lieutenant f von
Massowe, G. H. Millard, Mrs. G. H. Millard,
Miss Millard, : J. W. Monthe. Z. Nakamura,
Captain Nicolal, M. Pflerfer, Lieutenant von
Platen, Lieutenant Plegeh F. Pape, Captain
A. M. Perron, Lieutenant Redllch, A. W. Ret
tlck. Mrs. A. W. Rettlck, H. . W.\ Robinson,
Lieutenant Seelman, M. A. Serebrenif, Lieu
tenant Freiherr von Seutter, J. Shinobu, Lieu
tenant Tanke, A. Thomas, Captain ¦ Trott,
Lieutenant von Tschirschky, R. S.
Lieutenant Witt and C. Yasuda and ..'servant.
Among those who came here on the
steamship were Colonel Gundel,- chief -of
staff of General von Lassel. The latter
was In 1 command of the German troops in
' DOMESTIC i PORTS. '
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Sept. li-Bark Al
bert, for Honolulu. -.-»;... - .
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Sept 19-^-Br stmr
Clavering:, from Hongkong, - t for Tacoma: - bark
Palmyra, for Iqulque; bktn Willie R Hume,
for Callao; brig Tanner, from - Honolulu, for
Port Blakeley. ' - •. ¦. ¦ ¦....¦•, :: - .• - ¦ .,
- WHATCOM— Sailed ! Sept s 18-J3chr Wm Ren
ton; for San Pedro. ". ¦ .-¦•¦... .
SEATTLE— Sailed Sept IS— Stmr City of Se
attle, for Skasuay. , .
EUREKA— Arrived - ' Sent ', 19-^-Schr Mabel
Gray,- hence Sept 8; ¦ bktn Amelia," from Hono
lulu; schr Fortuna,. hence Sept 10; schr Olga,
hence Sept 11; echr Ida McKay, • from San
Pedro. - . . :
. Sailed Sept 19— Stmr Aberdeen.' for San Fran
cisco.. ¦---¦.;-.•-¦."¦- ... - i -....•. :, /¦¦ i -!
ASTORIA — Arrived Sept 19-^-Bark - Harry
Morse, rrom Bristol Bay: Ger ship Renee Rlck
mers,. from Nagasaki; schr Antelope," from
Bristol Bay. • v .. >^ - '* ¦-
Sailed Sect 19— Stmr , Columbia, for San Fran
cisco; Br stmr Oceano,- for .;¦ - -._•¦¦ ¦
BAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept '19— Schr Volant,
from' Coos Bay. ¦ .>• . • • i< '. .-¦—>• .-. -
'PORT; BLAKELEY— Sailed Sept 19- Br* bark
Low ' Wood, for Buenos Ayres.- . ; _._ .; _
POINT- LOBOS, Sept' 19, 10 -p m— •Weather
foggy; wind NW, • velocity 13 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
¦- • .' -."'•> Thursday,- September 19.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Kureka.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, Crescent City
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro.
Stmr Australia, Lawless. Tahiti. -
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson,-— — . - ¦ ¦ ••' '
Ger stmr Memphis.*' Jansen. Nanaimo and
Vancouver. ,
Br stmr Belgian King, Weiss,- Antwerp.
Tug Richard Holyoke. Jacobsen. Port Town
send. • ¦ ¦• .' ..-•¦¦ -i - . ..
Tus Tatoosh. -Bailey. : Tacoma, ¦
¦Bark Gatherer, Younggren,, Tacoma. j n tow
tug Richard Holyoke.'
Bark Levi G Burgess, Toungrren, Tacoma
in tow tue Tatoosh. •- • .: , - .-.'.'•
; Ital bark Pasquale Lauro, • Lauro,- Hull. ¦
' Schr Ullebonne. Hansen, Grays Harbor -
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Fort Ross. "•
Schr Bessie K, Peterson, — >' :
ARRIVED. ". .
- Thursday, Seotember 19.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins,- 60 hours from Vlr
toria and Puget Sound. ¦ .
etc 1 ™ 1 " Glpsy# :Leland - 2i h °urs from Monterey.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 41 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Star Pleiades, Smith, 3H days from Seattle
Ericsson. 15 hours from Bear
Bra mr Sequola ' Wlnk 'e. 15 hours from Fort
S stmr Philadelphia,. Meade, 3 flays from
Portland. / , ' : . ¦ - ,
Jap stmr Nippon Ham, Greene, 27 days from
Hongrkons, via Yokohama 17 days, via Hono
lulu 5 days 17 hours 17 minutes.
Bark AVillscott, • Macloon, 22 days from Nu
enagak. . • • 4
. • . .,*;;¦- '.¦/¦' SAILED.v I' ¦; ¦;? '
Shipping: Intelligence.
Sergeant Conboy arrested Oliver, who
made the first assault on McAllister, and
charged him at the City Hall Station with
battery. McAllister was treated at the
Emergency Hospital for slight bruises.
"W. F. McAllister, a special police offl
cer, was set upon by a gang of men at
Third and Stevenson streets last night
and but. for the timely assistance of Ser
geant Conboy, who witnessed the assault,
would have been severely beaten. Mc-
Allister claims that he. had been watched
and followed for some time. Last night
as he came out of a Third-street restau
rant he was attacked by a striker named"
Richard Oliver. In an instant he was sur
rounded by other strikers, who com
menced to beat 'him. Sergeant Conboy
made his appearance at thiis time and by
the use of his club managed to save Mc-
Allister from further injury. As the ser
geant was trying to get bis man to a
place of safety the crowd kept closing in,
trying to administer further punishment
to the special. C. H.- Carrington, a re
cently appointed special officer, worked
his way Into the crowd and kept the lead
ers-from doing further damage. Finally
the mob became so great that Carrington
was compelled to draw his weapon for
his own protection. During the trouble
Carrington fired a shot, but evidently
without hitting any one.
ficer From Strikers.
Sergeant Conboy Rescues Special Of-
RIOTING ON THIRD ! STREET.
NIPPON MARU ARRIVES.
Retail merchants from one end of Cali
fornia to the other will be interested In
the results of the deliberations of the
California Retail Grocers' and Merchants'
Association at B'nai B'rith Hall to-day.
The men present, principally grocers, will
lay their plans . to circumvent "deid
beats,".secure.better laws, make it im
possible for jobbers and : manufacturers
to sell to consumers, and correct other
abuses from which the retail trade now
suffers. After the day's work is over the
delegates will be entertained at an elabor
wh,o>, ban^ e H at t J le Ma »s°n Alladlo.
which will be largely attended by the
local grocers, both retail and wholesale.
Retail Merchants to Meet.
Among the officers who arrived on the
transport Grant from the Philippines was
Lieutenant J. M. Munro, who Is at present
quartered at the Presidio.
This young officer won considerable
fame by his daring bravery while in the
Islands. He started with fifty, cavalrymen
to take the town of Bayonbong. When a
short distance from the town he tapped
the telegraph wires and sent a message
that he was coming with a large force to
capture it. He suggested in his dispatch
to the chief magistrate that he would first
send a troop of cavalry to the town and
that the dignitary allow them to make the
terms of peace. This frightened the na
tives. They all surrendered and Munro
captured 800 prisoners. He was warmly
commended in the dispatches to the War
Department at Washington for his clever
and brave deed/
Lieutenant J. M.Munro, Who Cap
tured Byonbong With Fifty
Men, Arrives in This City.
TAKES FILIPINO TOWN
BY A CLEVER BUSS
Captain "Ned" McCoy has severed all
his connections with the Spreckels Tow
boat Company.
The tugs Tatoosh and Richard Holyoke
that brought, the log: raft from the Co
lumbia River started back up the coast
again yesterday. The Tatoosh had the
bark Lev! G. Burgess in tow and the
Holyoke the Gatherer. The Tatoosh will
not be seen here again for some time to
come as she has been chartered by the
Oregon Railway and Navigation Company
to do towing on the Columbia River for a.
year to come. . ¦ . . - ~
- : The mail steamship Australia took away
two very valuable horses for Tahiti yes
terday. The boxes for. the animals had
to be towed over from. Alameda and on
the way they capsized and nearly became
a wreck. Captain Harry Johnson of the
Augusta finally got them to the'Oceanic
dock by skillful maneuvering and' the
horses were got aboard after the wrecked
boxes had again been made ready for ser
vice. ''¦''.
"Water Front Notes.
Steamer Movements."
Miss Pomare is the last of the royal
house of the Society- Islands. She has
been on a pleasure trip to France.
E. Drollett, Miss Drollett, J. W. Gilbert and
wife, F. J. Benton and wife, A. H. Smith
Leon Gould. E. Levy. .C. Deflesselle. Mrs. A.
Roland, Miss E. Allen, Miss A. Allen, Mrs
S. G. Gearon,' Mme/ Petit, wife of the Gov
ernor of Tahiti; Mile. Petit. Mme. Bulson. M.
Atwater and the Princess Pomare.
J The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia got away .for Tahiti yesterday
morning. She' was' crowded with freight
and among her passengers were the fol
lowing: ....• ?
Sailing of the Australia.
The Philadelphia has just completed a
cruise with the Oregon Naval Militia. She
comes here to take out the California
boy?. The term of mourning ceased last
night and to-day the cruiser's flags, will
be again mastheaded and Monday the San
Francisco members of the naval battalion
will sail on its annual cruise. The San
Diego boys will be picked up on the way
south and a week will be spent in target
practice, probably at Magdalena Bay.
hour guns out of respect to the late
President. At noon everybody was at
watch for the signal from Mare Island
and as soon as the ball on the ferry depot
dropped the warship appeared draped in
black and guns from the port. and star
board batteries began booming. After a na
tional salute had been fired the cruiser
went back to her old-time appearance and
after that one gun flashed forth every
hour. It was an Impressive scene. The
port is crowded with shipping and every
thing from a scow schooner to a four
masted bark and ocean liner had its flag
at halfmast- Owing to the crowd of ship
ping the Philadelphia had to run close In
shore and in consequence she is not five
ship's lengths from the • wharves. ' The
sound of rfer starboard guns reverberated
heavily along the front," ' while ' some of
her port guns were lost in the echo.
As a result many people thought that only
nineteen guns were fired, having lost
count of two in the general discharge.
THE cruiser Philadelphia arrived
from the Columbia River yester
day and as soon as her anchor was
down the gunners began firing
ISLAND. PORTS. •
P?eeFlo^d SaUed Sept - 1 — Schr Forester, for
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 12— Jap stmr Nip
pon Mam, from Yokohama.
Sailed Sent 11-Br. stmr Britannia, for Ma
nila; Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, for Yokoha
ma; ship Henry Vfllard. for San Francisco.
Sept 12— Schr Alice Cooke. ror Port Townsend.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANILA— Arrived Sept IS— U S stmr Meade,
hence Aus 16.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived Sent *19— Ship
Reuce. from Cape Town.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Sailed Sept 19-Stmr La Bre
tagne, for Havre; stmr Columbia, for Ham
burg, via Plymouth; stmr Koenigen Luise, for
nremen. - -
USHANT— Passed Sept 19— Stmr Pak Ling,
from Portland. Or, via St. Vincent, G V.
GLASGOW-Sailed Sept 19-Stmr Livonia, for
Boston. •
* LONDON— Sailed Sept 19— Stmr Mesaba, for
New York. ¦•¦ •
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed " Seot 19— Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool, for New York; stmr
Rhynland. from Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
LIZARD— Passed Sept 19— Stmr Vaderland,
from 'New York, for Cherbourg and Antwerp.
HARDY CREKK— Arrived" Sest 19-Stmr Na
varro. hence Sept 19
PORT ANGEL-ES-Arrived Sept ' 19-Stmr
Jeanle, hence Sept' 14. ¦ . ' * .¦_
China under General von Waldersee. Hon.
C. H. Dietrich "¦ Is- United States Senator
from Nebraska and has-been making a
holiday tour of the Orient. As soon as
the steamship docked he hurried to the
obsequies of the late. President. .
Hazen stated at midnight that he had
not arrested- Cullinan, but that a close
watch was being kept upon him and that
he could be found when wanted. Hazen
declined to state the nature of the papers
he had seized, and when asked if Culli
nan was suspected of being an accomplice
of the President's murderer he replied
that he was still looking for evidence In
the matter. Cullinan is said to be a Jew
eler, and was recently In business on Post
or Polk street. It is expected that he will
be placed under arrest to-day. Startling
developments are looked for
Shortly before midnight it was reported
that Cullinan had been arrested by the
secret service men, but no. trace of him
could be. found at the County Jail or at
the City Prison.
Yesterday Secret Service Agent Hazen
and a number of his deputies were busily
engaged In scouring the city for evidence
against Cullinan, and it was learned that
Hazen had made a search of Cullinan's
room and found implicating documents,
the nature of which Hazen refused last
night to reveal.
Secret Service Agent Hazen has in the
past few days kept a close watch on a
man known, as Harry Cullinan, who is
suspected of being an anarchist, and who
Is thought to be implicated in the plot
that led to the assassination of President
McKinley.
Saloonkeeper Is Put to
Sleep by "Knockout
Drops."
Jeweler Thoughts/to Be
Member of Anarch
ist Band.
For two years t Navlet has been promi
nently before the public because of at
tacks made upon him by Maud Bliven a
1 « es .» hairdresser, on Geary street. She
alleged that he- refused to carry out his
promise to marry her. He had her ar
rested several times, but the cases were
pios^utfher 851^; aS hC dld nOt care to
About 10 o'clock Jsavlet left his saloon
In charge of his partner and went to the
Langrham.bar. .. He remained there for a
ehort time and then walked In the direc
tion of Kddy street. He met a friend
•whose name he cannot recall, and after
talking jfor a few minutes they went into
a saloon, where they had a drink.
*'I remember nothing more," said Navlet
yesterday morning after he had been dis
charged, "till 1 awoke in a cell. I am
Battened that I got 'knockout drops 1 and
I wish I could remember the saloon and
the man who was with me. I do not
Know that he had anything to do with the
robbery, but he may know something
about it/ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ • '
Navlet reported the robbery to the
police and Detectives Dlnan and Wren
•were detailed on the case. Xavlet's eyes
were blackened and his lips were cut He
said he felt sore all over, as If he had
been kicked. He was found in a semi
conscious condition at Eddy and Mason
streets about »:30 o'clock by Policeman
Leon V. Navlet, proprietor of a saloon
at Geary and Mason streets, was brutally
bea-ten and also robbed of a diamond ring
valued at $100 and all the money in his
pockets, on Mason street Wednesday night,
and had the misfortune to be arrested on
a. charge . of drunkenness.
French Troops Maneuver
I on the Plain Around
Fort Vitry.
COMPIEGNE, Sept. 19. — Emperor
Nicholas passed a day full of interest.
The morning was spent in witnessing the
final 3peratlons of the grand manuevers
at which the Czar for the first time came
into contact with the French military
operating under war conditions and not
merely in parade uniform.
The troops were concentrated on the
plain around Fort Vitry in the early
morning. Operations began at 10 o'clock,
on the arrival of the Czar, -who. sur
rounded by French and Russian staff of
ficers, followed most of the movements
horseback. The Czarina and # PresldeTit
Loubet, accompanied by M. Waldeck-
Rousseau, the Premier, followed in car
riages drawn by six artillery horses.
The skirmishing army corps early de
veloped an attack upon Fort Fresne, the
minor fort. The Czar and Czarina, with
M. Loubet and others, mounted the earth
works inside and watched a whole army
corps advancing to the assault. It was a
highly" theatrical operation, utterly im
possible in war, but carried out with the
dash for which the French soldier is fa
mous and it aroused the enthusiasm of.
thousands of spectator.!.
A significant incident Illustrating the
anxiety of the French, not only to Insure
the Czar's safety but to avoid the slight
est cause for uneasinesis on hi3 part, oc
curred during the assault. The infantry
had reached the edge of the moat and wan
pouring flre into the fort -when some of
the attacking party aimed in the direc
tion of Emperor Nicholas, who was a
prominent figure, and stood watching the
vanguard sliding down poles into the
moat and fixing the selling ladders. One
of the generals noticed the direction in
which the rifles were pointed, and, hasten
ing to the scene, pushed the muzzles
aside, explaining excitedly: "Don't flre In
the direction of the Czar."
The closing phase of the operations,
when the entire force of 140,000 men was
In action, was viewed from an eminence
near Fort Vitry.
It is worthy of note that the Russian
Emperor chatted cordially with General
Andre, the Minister of War. which was
an excellent repudiation of the assertions
made by the Nationalist organs that the
Czar ' regarded him, as a dlsorganizer oi
the French army.
As both cases were reported late to
night the Coroner did not sot any time for
the inquests. When they are held Cor
oner Mehrmann says he will conduct a
thorough examination into the causes
which led to the death of the men.
The striker called others; to his assist
ance and together they set upon and beat
Matheson until he was almost insensible.
Matheson managed to make his way to
his home In Alameda, where Dr. H. M.
Pond was called in to attend him. The
physician found him to be suffering from
brain concussion and severe bruises and
treated him for them. Hisi patient could
not recover from the shock and died this
morning. He was 42 years of age and un
married.
Matheson was a coachman and had been
driving *.a truck in San Francisco during
the strike. He quit work one day last
week because, so he told his aged mother,
who speaks in a broken tongue, he had
been threatened by the strikers and feared
for his life. He .did not go to San Fran
cisco again until last Saturday, when he
had to go to attend to some personal mat
ters. While on East street he walked into
a saloon to get a drink, where he was
iecognized as a non-union workman by a
striker.
After being in the hospital for several
days McGuire was removed to his home
in this city, where he was treated by Drs.
Rowell and Dukes. They found him to be
suffering from severe body bruises and
concussion of the brain. He did not im
prove under their ministrs.tion. however,
and died at an early hour this morning.
McGuire was 49 years old and unmarried.
The moment he stepped off the ship
after she had docked at the San Francisco
wharves, McGuire told his people, he was
attacked by a crowd of unknown men.
They set upon him and. struck' him ..on
the head a number of times with iron and
wooden bars and after besiting him into
insensibility made off. The- victim of the
assault lay in an unconsicous condition
until found by friends, who took him to
the Emergency Hospital on the city
front.
The story told by McGuire to his broth
er-in-law, Joseph Cumming s, and his sis
ter, with whom he lived, ws.s to the effect
that he arrived about ten days ago on
the sailing ship Fresno from Alaska, hav
ing been in the employ of the Alaska
Commercial Company. He was a boiler
maker, but had been forced to ship on ac
count of the lack of work. He knew
nothing about the strike situation in San
Francisco and was not in any way antag
onistic to the unions.
Two workingmen whose homes were in
Alameda County died to-day as the re
sult of Injuries inflicted upon them by
strikers, according to the stories as to
the manner of their deaths told by their
relatives to Coroner Mehrraann. One of
the victims of violence is Frank Mc-
Guire, who lived with his relatives at 434
Forty-fifth street, Oakland, and the other
is Remus Matheson, the only support of
his mother, living at 914 Central avenue,
Alameda. Both men died from injuries of
the head.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 19.
Two Victims of Strikers
Die of the Injuries
Inflicted.
DEATHS RESULT
FROM BEATINGS
CZAR WATCHES
MIMIC BATTLE
NAVLET DRINKS
DRUGGED LIQUOR
Nine months ago Miss Hansen came
from Seattle and went into the employ
of Frederick Levy. 2321 Devisadero street,
as nursegirl. On July 24 of this year she
made application to the City and" County
Hospital for employment as a trained
nurse, but her application was rejected,
ehe being somewhat illiterate so far as
the spelling and pronunciation of the
i-nglisa language were concerned. She
was a native of* Denmark, 25 years old,
and has a sister, Louise Haneen, residing
at East Orange, N. J.. and a cousin,
whose Christian name is -Ella, residing
In Park City. Utah. A letter found among
the effects of the suicide, written by her-
Felf, speaks of her being "bothered" very
much with her head and expresses her
Deller that her life would soon come to
an end.
The discovery was made by T. Wllkin
80a Tetley, proprietor of the furnished
rooming house at that number, about 11:30
o'clock in the forenoon. Having ob
served that Miss Hansen had not made
her appearance and suspecting that she
might be sick and in need of medical as
sistance he knocked at her door, and re
ceiving no answer peeped over the tran
som and eaw her dead body on the floor,
her head and neck being close to the
door knob. An entrance was forced, and
it was found that Miss Hansen had tied
a. whit© silk handkerchief about her neck,
passed one end of the loop around the
knob and strangled herself. j .
Mr. Tetley Informed Deputy Coroner
Median that on September 1 Miss Han
ten appeared at his place -with a man
about SO or 85 years old. The man had a
young child in his arms, and Informed
Mr. Tetley that Mies Hansen was a nurse
by occupation, that she had become run
down in health by overwork and needed
a quiet room where she could have rest.
£he paid two weeks' rent and requested
a room next to nome lady lodger* She
seemed to be a very quiet, modest girl
and had no visitors whatever.
Miss Johanna Hansen, a housemaid,
committed suicide yesterday by hanging
herself to the knob of her bedroom door
at 1111 Sutter street.
Unsuccessful in Attempt to
Better Her Lot, She \ .
Loses Hope.
HARRY CULLINAN
IS SUSPECTED
Mr. Sternheim was a member, of Pacific
Lodge, Free and Accepted Masons. He
was identified with many charitable or
ganizations, including the Pacific Hebrew
Orphan Asylum, Eureka Benevolent So
ciety and others. Arrangements for the
interment are in progress. v . .
»-i-i"i"i"i"i":"i4-^":"!":"i";"i"i":'>H^4- •
On July 4. 1872. Mr. Sternheim espoused
Miss Rosie Fox at Laporte, Ind.. and the
fruit of the union were a son, Benjamin
F., and daughter, Blanche. The deceased
was | enabled -by close attention to his
business to amass a considerable fortune.
Although 62 years of age, Mr. Sternheim
had not' until recently complained of ill
health/ He had shown no symptoms of
heart disease, which was the • cause of
death, and his cudden demise came as a
blow to his family, and friends. He was
In the best of spirits when he left his
home at 1728 Bush street, and conversed
freely with his family on their way to the
temple. The death was at once reported
to the Coroner, who after an investiga
tion decided that the remains might be
sent to the family home without delay.
The news of the demise was withheld
from those who attended the memorial
service, and • there were few who knew
that: while ths service was in progress
Mr. Sternheim lay cold in death in the
vestry-room beneath. ¦ > .
The deceased was a native* of Heinstadt,
Germany, where he was born on October
10, 1839. He came to this country when
quite young-, and early in the '60's arrived
In San Francisco. In '1863 he engaged' In
the crockery business with Mr. Wangen
heim under the firm name of • Wangen
heim. Sternheim & Co. On the death of
Mr. Wangenhelm, in 1889, the firm name
was changed to Sternheim & Son.
The dread summons- of 'death came to
Samuel Sternheim, the well-known crock
ery merchant, with the suddenness of a
flash of lightning- at 1:15 o'clock yesterday
afternoon in the vestibule of the Temple
Emanu-El, on Sutter* street. Mr. Stern
helm was accompanied by his wife,
"daughter and son, their- intention being to
attend the- memorial service , in . memory
of the dead President. The" party had
reached the vestibule. and were standing
beneath the /"sable, hangings ; there when
Mr. Sternheim placed his hand -'to'-' his
breast, gasped, feebly and fell to the floor.
He was picked up and taken to the ves
try-room below, where he died in a few
moments. . • ' % *
Is on His Way to Memorial
Service When Death
Claims Him.
Samuel Sternheim Falls
in the Presence of
¦'„'¦ IHis Family.
Miss Johanna Hansen
• Uses a" Noose of
Dainty Silk..
DEMENTED GIRL
HANGS HERSELF
DIES IN TEMPLE
VESTRY ROOM
THE SAN FRANCISCO.; CA
Fires National Salute at Noon and Hour Guns From Sunrise
to Sunset— Toyo Kiseri Kaisha's Nippon Maru Arrives
From the Orient and the Australia Sails for Tahiti
CRUISER PHILADELPHIA RETURNS
AND HER CANNON SOUND ON BAY
UNITED SJATES CRUISER PHILADELPHIA FIRING HOUR GUNS IN HONOR OF THE LATE PRESIDENT Mc-
KINLEY. SHE ARRIVED FROM A PRACTICE CRUISE EARLY IN THE MORNING AND WAS JUST IN
TIME TO FIRE A NATIONAL SALUTE AT NOON. V;;x. - ; -. ,,: ; . -. ,. ..:•-.
12
. RAILWAY TSAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
TU auaftUM rmry-mm tt VwkM at.
WBBK DATS SZMT&
800*. M.I 12:13 p.m.
I«0a.m. 1:15 r. M.
10*0*. M.I «UVDAir» < ***>*•".
U30 a- m. I — ....¦o»»ATr»-.~... * 4-Mr.m.
ISO P. M. 5^0 P. M,
2JK)p. M.J 7:10 p.m.
P»r». Su TiiiiIiii ¦> •nnill ul Um, »1 .*•
Ticket OfSces, 621 Market SL. A Sma«a»to Ferry.
DR.MEYERS&CO,
Specialist. Dl3ease> )g
and weakness of %
men. Established yFJ&jr **—*&
18SL ConsultaUon iTrl m3Pl Wl
and private book , \ \
mall. Cures gu'ar- j^fi^^^^^
aateed. 731 Mar- J[^§Scrffc^W
ket street (eleva- Jx\^ J^&jjii£$''
tor entrance). San
Francisco. m TT**^ "
& visit DR. JORDAN'S great j
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A U^ U51JtA2Sirsr.l«t.6i*7ti,3.7.CjI. I
\ .^*^ OT The Largest A«itomicalMusetu»ia the \
(9 MSlrLllI— r orl<1 Welkn e»«e« o» any contracted O
ii *S*5? *' e *^.P*"" l '«'T«^r.<lhytheolde5t f
0 /S?a| 5>Pee»!«t on the Coast Est. 36 years.
1 &W*i DJ? - JORDAN— I31SEASES CF MEJN)
X WKtM^B fres and strictly prirate. V
9 I «%fl Treatment personally or by letter. A §
\I / rtB *—>—• Cm-* in ererjr case undertaken. T
BVU 1 W Write fot Bo<>le - PMILOROPBT of A
\ • U IP HA**IA6E. MAILED FXBB. rXf
A Q It valuable book for mm) \
" DB.JOBSAX *. CO.. 1()51 Market St.. S. F. f
Health for 10 Ccnis.
A lively liver, pure blood, clean
skin, bright eyes, perfect health—
Cascarets Candy Cathartic will ob-
tain and secure them for you. Genu-
ine tablets stamped C. C. C. Never
sold in bulk. All druggists, ioc.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABST ST. Established
In 1S34 for the treatment nf Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
iliseaso wearing: on body anil mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcures when
others fall. Try him. trharsres low.
t'urrtsnaritnlrrd. Call or writ*
Dr. J. Jk\ «IBSO5. Man Francisco. CaL
g* I I A I fa Riaes. Ammunition. Fish-
I ¦¦ 9 A I %." lng Tacl <le. Sporting. Cmy
I m I I Sll ln^ Goods. Largest Ste<«£.
Ill 9 IQ -^Lowest Prices. Send ror
U%#1 BlJCatalos^e and Job Sheet.
739 Market. 311 Ke*
.-';'-¦¦ ADVEKTISEJUiiNTS. \^^^^J^
FJil iTOi^^^^
Ga t&m i^9 W3 &P&
¦ I
Melliri's Food is not a medicine, but a
proper and satisfactory substitute for
mother's niilk when the natural nour-
ishment cannot be obtained. Because
Mellin's Food contains the necessary
nutritive elements in the proper pro-
portions and quantities, the infant's
development is natural and complete
and prepares a foundation for future
health and activity.
' SEND FOR A FREE SAMPLE OP MELLIN'S FOOD. '~*
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
SEW- j/ Wm Ftepe&tBSisg Rifles
kbH" j T1^ ts are ma^e in all desirable calibers, weights, and
Isjrcl /,K9wm/n3^ mented, suiting every purpose, every poclcetbook, and
l^fm^^Wi Winchester Ammunition
EjS&t^^V 'Jp r "^y| FREE — Send name and address on postal for our 1 64-page catalogue.
Ill-pi^lll WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS C0 M; S, 8 ajff8g-'.|
—A memorial service was held in the Em
manuel Baptist Church yesterday morn
ing.' Special music and a sermon by the
pastor. Rev. J. George Gibson, were fea
tures of the service. There was a large
attendance. •>'¦/.
Emmanuel Baptist* Church Services.
In Chinatown every store, warehouse,
gambling den and theater -was closed.
Over each barred door was a picture of
McKinley draped with, black. Since the
day of the tragedy j in the exposition
grounds the Chinese have evinced an un
usual interest in the affairs of the Presi
dent. Before his death and at times when
hope alternated with fear they inquired
of white pedestrians after his condition.
When told that there was great chance
for recovery they* smiled. Just before
death came and when dismal reports
came from. the. Milburn house a gloom
bverspread Chinatown which is not yet
dispelled.
Street venders and the owners of stands
removed their goods from the sidewalks,
and the only articles for sale on the
streets were little emblems of respect —
the American colors entwined with crape.
Some places hitherto' open to the public
continually had no doors to close, and in
their absence temporary streamers or
black hung over the space. Flaming ad
vertisements were concealed by mourning
and draped flags. Show windows wer»
shut from public view by curtains. Many
restaurants remained closed all day, but
from the force of public necessity a large
majority opened in the evening at 5
o'clock. l
Along .Market,. Kearny and other busi
ness-thoroughfares nothing stirred in the
marts of trade. Every, window and every
door. displayed cards-bordered with blacK.
Each one of the placards, bore .the simple
words, "Closed out of respect to the mem
ory of the late President McKinley/'
Some ended with a prayer that tne soul
of the man who was being laid away with
a nation's tears might rest in peace. Not
only were such announcements shown In
stores both large and small, but the pro
prietors of saloons and cigar stores,
touched by the sweeping -wave of. sym
pathy, had turned their keys and left
their- places -<3eserted. — — ;
The spirit that moved , men to respect
the | memory of the dead was universal,
extending not.' only £ over ' the .territory
wholly, American, but to quarters where
other tongues are spoken, and where loy
alty to other flags was not 'quite obliter-',
ated in the process of immigration. Ks-'
pecially.-was this so in the cnlnese quar
ter. Had the most revered personage In
China been on his way to the tomb these
people," stoical and pnlegmatic, could not
nave been more profuse in their tribute
to his memory than- they, were to that ot
William McKinley. ,
From the western sandhills to the water
front San Francisco became a city of
silence, yesterday. ' Artisan's their
toil and the tradesmen barred their doors.
Thousands -,of " pedestrians moved along
the principal' thoroughfares, each wearing
somelittle insignia of mourning, making
complete the picture - of a ¦¦ community's
sorrow.:. ' ,-' ¦ : ¦ . „
Closing of the Marts of
. Trade.
Black Bordered Cards Announce the
BUSINESS COflES
' TO STANDSTILL
The exercises opened with Chopin's
funeral- march, played" by an orchestra
under .the direction of i. Sir George ,W.
Bennett, after which the Knickerbocker
Quartet sang "Lead, Kindly^ Light." The
Invocation was delivered by Rev. Dr.
Clampett, and the- Templar. services for
the dead were read bythe officers of tho
commandery. . . Tho -responses were
Bpoken'by the Sir Knights, who ?Btoort
with head uncovered. , The quartet sang,
"Nearer My God, to vThee." and Sir
Clarence. T. Wendell Bang, "I Heard tho
Voice, of Jesus Say." .. . .
The eulogy on the President was deliv
ered by Eminent Sir William H. L.
Barnes. In the course of his eulogy Gen
eral Barnes placed the responsibility for
the foul assassination of .President Mc-
Kinley on tho dissemination of llbelous
and scurrilous matter by -unscrupulous
newspapers. ¦' ' ; ' ¦' ' •
The. orchestra played "Ave Maria," mid
the quartet sang "Good Night," after
which the benediction was pronounced.
. California Commandery No. I, Knights
Templar, paid tribute -to the memory of
their brother Knight. Sir William Mc-
Klnley,. at the memorial 'services; held in
Odd 'Fellows* Hall last nlsht... The. Sir
Knights entered the hair three abreast,
headed by four /drummers beating the
long roll, and took ; . seats reserved for
them' in the front rows. Seated ' on the
stage were Sir 1 G. ¦ H. Umbsen, acting
eminent commander;- Reuben H. Lloyd,
past eminent grand : master; 'Thomas H.
Browne, senior/warden; R. P. Hurlbut,"
past' command ex» and commander of tho
drill corps; Thomas Kyle, ¦ past . com
mander; Hiram T.: Graves, recorder, and
James E. Gordon, prelate. .
California Commandery Holds Memo-
rial Services in Memory of
Late President.
KNIGHTS HONOR
DEAD COMRADE
You Can Go to Lake Tahoe.
$S 50 round trip from San Francisco.
Oakland. Alameda. Berkeley, Sacramen
to and Intermediates by special train from
San Francisco, 8 a. m. Saturday, October
I Including lake trips. Tickets good one
week. Special low rates at hotels. The
last excursion of the season. .Details C13
Market street.
Wher*as. The beloved President of our coun
try William McKinley. the brave soldier, wise
Ft&tesroan. loving husband, has been i stricken
by the hand of a cowardly assassin and his re
mains have this day been consigned to the
grave ; therefore be it
Received. That California Parlor No. 1. Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, hereby condemns
tne vicious act of the fiendish assassin and also
manifests it* grief at the nation's misfortune
In being deprived of an ideal President, who
was ever in touch with the people whose ex
ecutive he was and whose model of public and
private life had thoroughly endeared -him to all,
and extends Its sincere sympathy to his be
reaved widow; and, be It further - -
Ttesolved. That these resolutions be .spread In
full upon the minutes of the parlor 'and .that
the charter of the parlor be draped ' In mourn
ing for a period of thirty days.
California Parlor of the Native Sons has
passed the following resolutions^
Its Charter Draped.
We pray thee. O God of Might, Wisdom and
.Justice, through whom authority is rightly ad
ministered, laws are enacted and Judgment is
decreed, assist with thy holy spirit of counsel
and fortitude the President of these United
States, that his administration may be con
ducted In righteousness and be eminently use
ful to thy people, over whom he presides, by
encouraging due respect for virtue and reli
gion, by faithful execution of the laws In
Justice and mercy and by restraining vice and
immorality. Let the light of thy divine wis
dom direct the deliberations of Congress and
thine forth In all the proceedings and laws
framed for our rule and government, so that
they may tend to the preservation of peace,
the promotion of national happiness, the in
crease of industry, sobriety and useful knowl
edge and may perpetuate to us the blessings
of equal liberty.
We recommend likewise to thine unbounded
mercy aU our brethren and fellow citizens
throughout the United States, that they may
be blessed in the knowledge and sanctified In
the observance of thy most holy law; that they
may be preserved in union and that peace
which the world cannot give, and after enjoy
ing the blessings of this life be admitted to
those which are eternal.
Finally we pray thee, O Lord of Mercy, to
remember the souls of thy servants departed,
who are gone before us with the sign of faith,
and who repose in the sleep of peace. To these,
O Lord, and to all that sleep In Christ, grant,
¦we beseech thee, a place of refreshment, light
and peace, through the Savior Jesus Christ, our
Lord, who liveth and reigneth world without
end. Amen. ]_¦•_- J.
Archbishop's Prayer.
The Archbishop then read the prayer of
the Catholic church and asked the con
gregation to add Its prayers. The prayer
is as follows:
The press must respect the constituted au
thorities. The welfare of the State and of
society demands It. To ridicule the President
is to ridicule the republic. To ridicule and
sneer at the constituted authorities is to rid
cule and sneer at the nation. To attack elected
and lawful rulers so foully, so unfairly. Is to
raise up enemies against them and against
the republic. No more must we suffer the
propaganda of anarchism.
It 1« a shame to recall, it provokes our bit
ter indignation to think of the contumely, the
ridicule, the abuse, the denunciation which
were poured out by degraded, unmanly, cow
ardly and malignant newspapers upon the
noble, worthy gentleman, William McKlnley;
against the painstaking, honorable President,
whi injured no man, who bore hatred for
none. Shame on those papers which hounded
President McKlnley and used every false and
dishonorable means to place him In a false
light before the nation; which misrepresented
his words and actions; which cartooned and
lampooned him; which denied him not only the
respect due to the head of the nation, but the
respect paid to the humblest citizen. Ehame,
I eay, upon the cowardly, infamous mallgners
who, during the years when President I McKln
ley was striving sincerely for the nation's good,
treated him as brutally and unfairly as they
-would not have dared to treat a common crim
inal, an outcast; as they would not treat the
very murderer who Elew him.
-Miy all of us learn a lesson to-day of good
citizenship. Let us learn lessons of devotion
to oar country, and let us so live that God's
blessing may fall upon us. It Is with sorrow
and ehame that we behold the service that
must be held to-day. It Is with profound sor
row that a man in the prime of life and our
leader should be taken away. We feel that
it is & shame that In a country so large and
full of liberty as ours such a deed should
take place.
Lesson to Be Learned.
and home of the largest political free
dom, ¦which denies no man the bene
fit of equal laws, which protects civil and re
ligious liberty, the elected chief magistrate, a
plain democratic citizen, should not be able
to walk among the people who have raised him
to the highest eminence and whom he served
loyally, devoutly and according to law.
Continued From Page Seven.
ELOQUENT WORDS BY ARCHBISHOP
The Rev. Mr. Mills read an adaptation
of Tennyson's ode to the Duke of Wel
lington. After the singing of "America"
was concluded the benediction was pro
nounced. As the audience dispersed
Beethoven's "Funeral March" was ren
dered.
When Presiaent McKlnley fell, then fell for
you and me all that was beet of us. He had
been marked out by fate because all that was
good, creat, gentle and tender in him was in
you and me. Let all men resolve to bring their
IH-ee into harmony with the beautiful and
lovely features that characterized bis life.
The death of President McKinley is the direct
result of tolerance of the American people to
the roepel of despair. Out of that frontier spirit
which made men so eelf-willed that they only
could govern themselves has grown a spirit of
pessimism and complaint.
This is a day when It becomes a citizen of
the republic to examine himself to see whether
he has in any manner contributed to mold,
not by direction, but by indirection, the' fiend
ish sentiment which inspired the hand that
killed the President.
The congregation sang "Nearer, My
God, to Thee," following which Colonel
John P. Irish was introduced. In part he
paid:
Colonel Irish Speaks.
W« look for consolation and ther« ie none to
rive It. Every soul Is fled to that »pot where
to-dey millions of tears are consecrating the
memory of him who died by an aseaseln't
naafl. Let ua unitedly resolve to perpetuato
ma life In our own homes, our private life and
our public walks of life. Then it will be the
•penlns of a new era. a moral. Ideal and a
tplritual renaissance.
Kindly Light" Rabbi Friedlander read
from the Psalms, and the Hebrew hymn
Odon" wu rendered.
Babbi Friedlander eulogized the dead
President. In part he said:
Continued Prom Page Six.
HIHISTERS EULOGIZE DEAD RULER
CANTON. Ohio. Sept. 13.— Mrs. McKin
ley'B condition Is exciting grave apprehen
sion among those caring for her. and it is
reared that the dread collapse may come
at any moment. Since she has returned
to the old home the full realization of the
awful calamity has come upon her. Last
evening after the body had been brought
fw? m t ) ie Courthouse and deposited In the
" llle *ront room formerly used as the
library she pleaded to be al
lowed to enter the room and sit beside
the casket. Consent was granted, and for
falf an hour the stricken widow sat In
Lt "vKL Hffht beside the flower-draped
*!"• ». Then sne *«« led away to her room
and has not left it since. Through this
morning she wept plteously hour after
Jj our -. Owlnc to her condition she was
not able to take part In any of the cere
monies to-day either at the church or in
the chamber of death when the body was
i 1 . 0 ™ 6 aw *y for the last time. From this
time on she will be guarded with the
most solicitous care and quiet, for It Is
»5~ * thls wajr that a collapse can be
Her Condition Excites Orave Appre
hension as She May Collapse
at Any Moment.
BEREAVED WIFE
NOT AT CHURCH
IMPRESSIVE MEMORIAL
SERVICES FOR THE DEAD
Anarchist Cases Continued.
CHICAGO. Sept. 19.— The anarchist
cases . were on Magistrate Prlndiville's
docket for to-day. The court ordered a
continuance until next Tuesday. None of
the prisoners were in court.
Sidney Bennett, a sailor and a native of
Australia, was arrested yesterday by; Po
liceman J. R. Welch' for deliberately tear
ing down a of .the late. President.
Bennett first denied having committed the
act, but when charged by citizens . with
?,*«s offense he claimed he was'drunk. ; - ;
Tore Down President's Pictured
The Secretary of the Navy has been no
tified by the President to instruct Dr.
Rixey to make such arrangements as will
enable him to continue his care for Mrs.
McKinley between now and the time of
ills appointment to his new position
WASHINGTON, Sept. ' 19.— The naval
lists show that Surgeon General Van
Reypen will not retire in the ordinary
course until November 14. 1302. Dr. Rixey
stands number 28 on the list of naval sur
geons.. Though Surgeon General Van Rey
pen's retirement from active service does
not occur for more than a year, his com
mission as surgeon 1 general, which was for
a period of four years, will expire Decem
ber 18, and' Dr. Rixey' s appointment may
be expected then. | ' *. • . • , - ,.
• CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 19.— President
Roosevelt has Informed Mrs. McKlnley
through Secretary Cortelyou that in pur
suance of the intention of the late Presi
dent McKinley and in recognition . of de
voted services; as well as because of em
inent fitness, Medical Inspector P. M.
Rixey will be appointed Surgeon General
of the navy upon the expiration of the"
term of Surgeon General Van Reypen.
President Roosevelt Selects Him to
Succeed Surgeon General Van
Beypen of the Navy.
FITTING REWARD
:MM for dr. rixey
After prayer by the pastor, the choir
sang "Abide With Me," and a benediction
was pronounced by the Rev. Dr. Adams.
Dr. Adams said by way of introduction
that there had never been a day when
the American people were so completely
one. Every village had suspended busi
ness and ail the people were mourning
not merely the President but the man.
All were giving honor to the sincerity,
the large sympathy, the great-heartedness
of the martyred President.
Rev. Dr. Adams read the 'President's
proclamation, In accordance with which
the service was being held, and the con
gregation Joined in singing "Nearer, My
God, to Thee." • • .
As the opening number the choir sang
"Sleep the Last Sleep." The pastor, Rev.
Dr. George C. Adams, offered prayer and
the ninetieth Psalm was read responsive
ly. After Scripture reading and prayer by
the Rev. Philip Coombe, the choir Bang
"Lead. Kindly Light"
The eulogy on the dead President at the
First Congregational Church "was . deliv
ered by ex-Supreme Justice Van R. Pater
son. Every seat was taken long bef oro
time for the service to begin and many
stood in the aisles and the vestibule.
Eulogizes the Martyr
President. •
Ex-Supreme Justice Van It. Paterson
riONUflENTS WILL
NOT ADD LUSTER
The flag used to signal the salute at
Lincoln's funeral was displayed among
the draplngs on the altar. Rev. W. C.
Day of the Olivet Congregational Church
offered the prayer, and Rev. John Rhlllys
read the scriptural selections. The cadet
corps of fifty boys attired in uniform
occupied a conspicuous place in the
church. Dr. Rader spoke eloquently and
drew tears from his auditors by his ex
pressions of sorrow for the martyred
President.
The Third Congregational Church on
Mission street, near Fifteenth, was far
too small to accommodate the Immense
crowds that sought admission to the me
morial service. Rev. William Rader con
ducted the ceremonies and preached the
sermon of the day. Special music ¦was
rendered by the choir under the direction
of William' Stadtfleld.
Kinley.
, Late President Mc-
Rev. William Hader Eulogizes the
SAYS HIS NAME
WILL EVER LIVE
"May the blessing of God Almighty, the
father of our spirits and the comforter of
our hearts, rest upon and bide with us
and his people everywhere and forever.
Amen." .
The audience and chorus, accompanied
by the orchestra, sartg the verses of "The
Star-Spangled Banner." which concluded
the saddest memorial service ever held In
San Francisco.
The funeral march from "Erolca" by
the orchestra and a singing of "America .
by the chorus and audience followed in
order, and then the Rev. Dr. Hutsinpll
ler delivered the benediction, which was
as follows:
Have no fear for the future. It Is full of
glory and of hope, happy with a bow of
promise extending from one end of the land
to the other. We have only to do right, seek
justice, obey the law, live as McKinley lived,
teach children to be as he was. and this will
be a nation of patriots, of noble women, of
God-fearing men. (Applause.)
Those who thought they would bury Theo
dore Roosevelt when they made him Vice
President, if such there were, bullded better
than they knew. Never. In an hour of agony,
did a man exhibit greater wisdom and pru
dence than when, an he took his sacred oath
of office to administer the laws' and protect
and defend the constitution of the United
States, he said that it should be his firm pur
pose to carry out the plans and the principles
of Mr. McKlnley for the honor, peace and
prosperity of our common country. (Applause.)
His words fell like a benlson upon the people of
the United States. They fell like the calm of
God descending upon a troubled nation. And
when the new President gathered around him
those faithful associates of the dead and took
them to his heart and said to the people, "He
Is gone, but I am Jiere, so help me God, to
exercise his will; be not afraid," he showed
himself as great as any who ever took oath
of office in this nation. (Applause.)
History will write of William McKinley what
deserved to be written, and when the book is
made up his life and time and service will
form one of Its most beautiful and glowing
pages. I make no exceptions. He le below
no man who haa ever lived in this country,
and history will so record him. There, were
great men before Agamemnon; thers were
great men after him. There were great men
before McKlnley: there will be great men after
him. who will bave in view, as he had. the
honor, the glory and the prosperity of the hun
dreds of millions who shall come to live upon
this continent. We shall possess them, because
conditions here make such men possible. The
ration never haa been in danger but God has
raised up a living shield to ward - off the
harm.
"Have No Fear for Future."
It is said that matter never perishes; that
every particle in the universe is preserved in
one form or another; that nothing is lost. It
is equally true of that which is great and good
in life. Of the Influence the President will
have upon the future no man can estimate
the weight, nor can we here exaggerate It. His
place Is fixed. His fame is as the stars, per
manent as the nation, true as the light, clear,
bright, glorious. No human tongue from this
hour on shall vilify him. no hand shall be
raised to drag that divine form down from the
pedestal on which the American nation has
placed It. There.it will remain to be remem
bered long after his detractors have returned to
dust and their works have followed them,,
If this shall be the result; if these people
shall be reformed and regenerated; if out of.
this catastrophe shall come a higher and no
bler ambition on the part of the teachers of
the time, the great public press; if there shall
come a higher Ideal as to the protection that
should be thrown about the executive head of
the nation by the press; If It shall be bo ar
ranged that hereafter there shall be no assas
sin with word or dagger who shall reach him,
or that the destroyer shall be disposed of In
ways* I will not attempt here now to discuss,
but that shall forever hold back the hand that
would strike the pen that would defame, or
the pencil that would libel, caricature and de
grade without cause, him who has been se
lected by his fellow-citizens to administer the
law, our martyred President will not have died
wholly In vain.
I sanction the widest range of criticism.
Every public man in this nation Is a light set
on a hill, and as he shines the nature
and the character of his illumination should be
known to all men. But there Is that which
ought not to be, that which the American peo
ple have this day served notice must not be.
And If this warning is heeded I say again that
our dear friend did not die In vain. His life,
shortened though it was, will have another
crown of glory and the setting of his sun will
send rays of light far to the zenith, ages after
his human form shall have passed away.
May Not Have Died in Vain.
I believe we have all learned a lesson. We
have come to the conclusion that there Is too
much glittering generality In the constitutional
declaration that no law shall be passed abridg
ing the liberty of the press or the right of
free speech. Liberty is one thing; I ice rife Is
a very different thing. The right to live In
this country that has so widely thrown open
its arms to the people of all nations to many,
the right of refuge, is one thing; but the right
of the anarchist and the enemy of human so
ciety to stalk his way among this people and
spread his deadly doctrines and Incite and
hurry on feeble mental organizations to the
commission of crimes such as he would never
dare to commit himself, cannot longer be tol
erated: he must stop. (Applause.) If there
Is no law for it the law will be found. If it
does not exist upon the statute books, it shall
be put there. (Applause.) If. it requires an
amendment to the constitution of the United
States, the constitution shall be amended. , (Ap
plause.)
Morecver. these people who have been so long
permitted to plot while we have rested In
our selfish and cold indifference to what has
happened In other lands, must be made to
suffer here and now. What was it to us if
Alexander perished by a bomb? What was it
to us if the good King of Italy was murdered?
What to us if Carnot, the President of our
sister republic, died by the hands of an assas
sin? What to us if Elizabeth of Austria met
her death by the poniard of one of this spawn
of hell? What was it to us? Why, It was
nothing to us. But the chicken has come
home to roost. Shall we act now? Shall we
deal with this subject as it ought to be dealt
with? I firmly believe we shall. I am confi
dent, that before another year Is gone we Fhall
have laws, not precisely such as were the alien
and sedition laws of John Adams— but which.
If we had them to-day, would seem a good
kind of legislation— we shall have laws that
will enable the authorities of this nation to
capture known anarchists and those who asso
ciate with them, put them on board a Govern
ment ship and send them together to some
unoccupied Island. That may be one reason
why God gave us the Philippines. (Applause.)
Send them to one of our unoccupied islands,
give "them agricultural tools and a few barrels
of dynamite, and then say to them, "Now you
have what you want; you have no government.
You can kill one another." (A voice, "Kill
them.")
Let the past go. Forgive as our dear Presi
dent forgave. But let him who' proposes to
renew that epecles of evil look out for him
self.
Continued From Page Seven.
Henry I. Kowalsky Speaks Before
the Grand Hospitlum in
Oakland.
Henry I. Kowalsky delivered the ora
tion at the memorial services held yester
day by the Grand Hospltium of the Bohe
mians of America in Oakland. He said in
part:
There Is Joy in heaven while we weep on
earth 1 . Our grandest citizen haa been .called
above, to sit forever In the sight of his Heav
enly Father, while we mourn 'In. sackcloth and
ashes! All that is earthly of our martyred
President is being laid irway In the country
churchyard, In the home that has known him
Binco his youth. Standing at his bier are the
representatives of all nations, and with them
the civilized world sheds Its tears'.
The cannons roar forth their ponderous adieu,
the muffled drums sound the token that causes
the flag of the nation to be lowered over him
who has been its champion and who as its
Btajidard-bearer In war and peace held It high,
pure and untarnished to the vision of all the
world. My countrymen, our subject Is rich In
virtues beyond the poverty of our language to
describe, yet we owe the duty to the millions
of freemen yet to be born to tell on this day,
as best we can, the story of the life It breaks
our hearts to say adieu to. .
After a review of McKinley's life Colonel
Kowalsky concluded his oration with the
following:
He loved us because wa were his people,
we loved him because he was from our midst.
His justice was complete, his honor always
high, his Integrity never questioned, and If
ever a perfect man, rich In honors, rich in
friends, passed from earth to heaven, it was
our martyred President.
MEMORIAL SERVICES AT PlYiLIOH
Both resolutions were offered by Amos
Currier, Messrs. E. G. Knapp and A. L».
Stone.
After the reading of the resolutions tro
meeting 1 adjourned out of respect to the
memory of the President.
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution be
sent to the relatives mentioned and be spread
in full upon the minutes of the league and
given to the daily press.
Resolved, That the rooms of this league and
the portrait of William McKinley be draped In
mourning colors for Btxty days, and we request
the members of this league to wear a badge of
mourning for the same period, in loving mem
ory of one of the noblest, greatest-hearted men
who ever devoted his services and his life to
a sorrowing country.
Whereas. At a special meeting of the Con
tinental League, called for the purpose of. ex
pressing our great sorrow for the loss we suf
fer in the sudden taking off of President Wil
liam McKlnley, the kind and loving husband
of a bereaved wife, the chief executive of this
preat country, our noble, great-hearted fellow
cltlzen and friend of mankind, be it I
Resolved. That we sympathize deeply with
all those personally bereaved, particularly with
our loved and respected fellow member. Ben
jamin F. McKinley Esq., the sole surviving
member of the family of William McKinley's
father, with Benjamin L. McKlnley (his son),
tho honored president of this league, and our
fellow member, Hon. George E. Morse, clerk
of the United States Court of this district,
whose wife Is one of those most deeply,
stricken; and be It further . ¦
The second resolution follows:
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be
sent to the wife of our deceased President, to
his relatives In this city and to our Senators
and Representatives In Congress, and be spread
in full upon the minutes of the league and given
to the jpreps. ' •
Resolved, That we, the members of the Con
tinental League, extend to- his bereaved wife
and all relatives our heartfelt lympathy In this
their hour of bereavement, and that, as a
token of love and respect, we drape our'club
rooms In mourning: for a period of stxty days
and attend < the memorial services In this city
to-day. Thursday, September 19, 1901; and be
It further*' „ \rc
Resolved, That we urge the authorities, both
State and national, to use every effort to pun
ish those whose pernicious doctrines and in
flammatory words, ' both spoken and written,
seem to us largely responsible forvtlila most
awful crime; and we request the Congress of
these United States to pass such laws as will
prevent, If possible, any future President elect
ed by the people to administer the laws of this
free repubflo from becoming the victim of euch
wretched and abandoned creatures. Individuals
or associations; and be It further
Whereas, While our great and noble Presi
dent. William McKlnley, at a gathering of the
people In Buffalo, where all were rejoicing, was
approached by a stranger In apparent friendli
ness, but with a bandaged hand' treacherously
concealing the weapon of destruction; and.
Whereas, In keeping with ¦ hla kindly and
sympathetic nature, our warm-hearted Presi
dent thereupon extended his hand In friendship
to this creature, only to be shot down by the
cowardly assassin and anarchist; and.
Whereas. We, In common with all right
minded people of this nation, uttered our
prayer for the life of our beloved chief magis
trate and his speedy recovery; finally, however,
he having: quietly and 'peacefully passed away,
chanting: that beautiful hymn, "Nearer, my
God, to Thee," and saying to those by his bed
side: "God's will, not ours, be done," bearing
no Ill-will to. any human being, not even to
his murderer; therefore be. It-
At a special meeting of the Continental
League, held at Its headquarters, 1007V&
Market street, yesterday morning, the
following sets of resolutions were, unani
mously adopted:
of Pernicious Doctrines Be
Stopped.
Continental League Asks That Spread
URGES CONGRESS
TO ENACT LAWS
BOHEMIANS HOLD
SOLEMN SERVICES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1901.
13
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
S Steamers leave ItroadtvaT
>g^_ Wharf. San Francisco:
fWh-r For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m .
l&glgsaL. P 'P t - 13 - 1? - 23 - a i Oct - ? -
fjptr^xN^. Change to company's steam-
ESyfcSflVSfa e " Ht Seattle.
HjF&SSa >«a For Victoria. Vancouver (O-
! BCgS/VWWa C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^**S*S2il Tacoma, Everett aid Sew
Whatcom (Wash.)— II a. m..
Sept. 13. 18. 23. S3. Oct. 3.
Change at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. :
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver lo C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Day)— 1:30 p. tn.. Sept.
14. 19. 24. 25. Oct. 4.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
gele*)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. ra. :
steamer State ot California, Wednesdays. •
a. in.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crj».
Monterey, Sun Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford
ISan Luis Oblxpo), Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. Kast San Pedro. San P#«
dro and 'Newport ('Corona only)— Steumer Co-
rona. Saturdays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bontta. Tues-
days, '9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, Pan Jn«» d»l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Sanut Roaal!»
and Guarmas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtam company
folders.
The company reserves the right to chans«
cteamers. sailing days and hours ot sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montcomerr
street (Palace Hotel). -
GOODALL, PERKIN'S * CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO,
¦,:. ;i,V- "COLUMBIA RIVER ROUTE."
Portland to all points East and In thi North-
west.
"Chicago-Portland Special."
1 . Superior Service — Quick Time
THE SHOUT LINE TO „
Walla Walla and Spokane, and the Baxer City.
Lewiston. C'oeur d'AIene and Boise City
Gold Mining Districts.
D. VT. t HITCH COCK. General Agent.
No. -: 1 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Clfl SUD AMERICANA DE VAPO3ES
To Valparaiso," stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing frcm How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
COLOMBIA... . Sept. 2SIAREQUIPA.... .Oct. 13
TUCAPEL......V r lLIMARI Oct. Zt
These steamers '«re T built expressly for Cen-
tral and South ¦ "American passenger i service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) < Freight
and passenger office. 31S California sureet.
BALFOUR. GUTHKIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
EAY AND DRIVER STEAatCERS
FOR t). S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJ3.
Steamers GEN. TRI3BI3 o'ri MONTI 3ELL0
3:43 arm.. 5:15 and 8:30 p.. m. except Sucday. ¦
.Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. S:30 p. - m. . Leaves ValleJ.i
7 a. ni.. 12:30 noon." 6 , p.. m.. ; except Sunday.
Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Kara i.O centi.
•Telephone Main 13CS. Landing and ofllc*. pl«r
•. UU&ioa-st. dock. HATCH UiiOi.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f) FEtS-HAPTHA j
The fact remains
that after the most
severe test you •
can put it to,
Fels - Naptha soap
insures s w e e t , '
white clothes with-
out any boiling.:^
r^ Fels -Naptha soap
saves half the time
and half the work
as practice proves.
G u aranteed, or ;,
money refunded. '
Fc.« & Co., Phllada. ., '
Gray.' Lang & Stroh .(Inc.). .San Francisco, ji.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.W POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York , B. FOUOERA & CO.
¦. -, SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS . ;.j -
p ¦ rr n nil 1 1 M orner F ° urth / •" d
iiftiL ¦"nyiRt^»3^S
, , ." . ~ vallsea checked free.
SHOULD USE DAM1ANA, BITTERS. THE
Kreat Mexican remedy;-; gives health rand
ctrengtb to , sexual . organ*, pepot, ;323 Market. <
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAIsil
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan etrteti. at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobo i (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at - Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of tailing.
bS. NIPPON MARU. .Friday. September 47. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU
¦ Wednesday. October ':j; 130V
BS. HONGKONG MARU...:
Saturday. November 16. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
. W. H. AVERT. General A|;ent
AMERICAN LINE.
1TEW YOBK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PA3I&
.Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a m.
Haverford Sept. Ill St. Paul Oct. 3
St. Louis Sept. 2i St. Louis Oct. lit
Philadelphia ....Oct. ,-2| Philadelphia ....Oct. :3
RED STAR LINE.
Now York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays, at is neon.
•Zeeland '. Sept. 2i| 'Vaderland Oct. 18
Frtesland )- Oct. 2 Kensington Ot. 23
Southwark ...... Oct. 9J *Zeeland .' Oct. 30
•Stop &t Cherbourg eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
C0MPAGNI3 GENERALS TBANSATLAN'TIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, Instead o£ ¦GrarCfS
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. ~»«4t««5
North River, foot of Morton street; *L Aqul-
talne, September 19: La BretaKne. September
26; La Champagne. • October 3; 'La Savole, Oc-
tober 10. ¦ - '• -/-. ' ¦
.First class to Havre.- $70 and upward. "Second
iclass to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 82 Broadway (Hudson building). New
'York! J. F. FUGAZI &CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents.' 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
.Tickets sold. by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
• *Twln Screw Express Steamers.-
"DAM A MAD D STEAMSHIP
rANAMA K. n,' line
TO NEW YORK M PANASU OIRESr.
j Cabin. $105: Steerage. $40: Meals Free.
S.S.Argyll sails Monday, Oct. 14
8. S. Leelanaw sail* ..Thursday. Oct. 24
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, Dec. 2
" From Howard-street Wharf at 2 "p. rn.
Freight and Passenger Office, 333 Market st.
F. . F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agen:. . .
fla>A5»nfi> i? %? i*A ""'/Ail, SAUOA, .<z:i
S. S.' AUSTRALIA, for : Tahiti '. ... .......'
..-.:..• .'...:... ..Sept. 13. 10 ii. m.
E. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu...'
Saturday. Sept., 21. 2 p. m.
S.- S.- SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck- •
land and 'Sydney... Thursday, Oct. 3,'1O t. m. r
J, 9.SPStGXELS & BEOS. CS . Csnera. Agents. 3S7 KariaiSt
W\ Passings! 1 Qffics, 643 JJirk'.t St.. rbr. No. 7. PstiSu St
Broken Lot Sale Ends To=Morrow Night
, . The sale of suits and overcoats from broken assortments will positively end to-mor-
row night at u o'clock, when the store closes.
Up till then you can buy a good fitting, stylish and durable suit for $6.55 or over-
joat for $5.55? providing 'ypif can find your size in a pattern that pleases you. We have
the garments in air sizes, but each pattern only contains one or two sizes. We expect that
the suits and. overcoats will last until the sale ends, but the sooner you buy the less risk
you run in getting what you want. ;
If a customer is displeased we will take back the clothes next week and^return his
money. We know the clothes are bargains and that he won't want his money. But it will
be here for him if he does. -
Remember the sale ends to-morrow night.
Sack Suits $6.55 Top Coats $5.55
To=nprrbw Night Ends the Youths' and
.\» <\ The special sales in our. boys* and youths' department \<r V
jj^^^mff'- end also to-morrow night. The youths' suits were put on V. -^
special sale to popularize the department, and the boys' suits jfy^^
; /$$mxWi\ffl!i^ are 0C^ S and enc * S roni var ' ous ' ots - Below are the values: £$$$$!G1ffi!^
//^ulnm9uipll& The y° ut h s> suits are fall and winter-weight tweeds and tmM^^Mx^&^\'
flnlHill& ¦ cheviots - in sin K le and double breasted sacks; the ages are [W iljSSSffiW'.OTiwV '
MMllfillv; fiillw fr ° m I2 t0 I9 yC^ S; f?rmCr SdHng PriCCS ' "'• I0 ' 00 ' ?I2 ' 5 ° and liKlwCll^S •
flffilifiili '111 Sale of odds and ends from various lines in the chil- //7ife {^i^\!u||^^t\
drcn's department, comprising sailors, vestees, norfolks. '/ rj^^fflSfl^W^*'
|[lff7l»8IIff Russian blouses and two-piece suits, which sold from $4.00 /^AKtoSSJII^^ /
_ MljfflfflMl/ - to $ 8 -°°- W >H positively be closed out to-morrow night; price %^^|u\f^\l\^3 //
* lo iVlQI*KCt <5tr*CCt« • Hs» I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
' "THE SUPERIOR OF
THEM ALL"
Everything that tends to
"speed, comfort, pleasure and :
luxury unlimited. $87.00
.Buffalo and Return. October
3. and 4. 7 Reserve berths for
this famous train at 641
. Market Street.
IT LEAVES EVERY- MONDAY AND
THURSDAY, 9.00 A. M., ON THE
sifAFE
— BB—Ba»B llfllBBWIl
SBRAPFORP
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BEN1T0 CO.
". .W© are developing more ore every, day and
will build a large furnace as soon as possible.
'A -limited^ amount of treasury stock, is offered
at EOc per share for this purpose. At the Silver
Creek Quicksilver Mine the furnace is running
and producing Quicksilver and large bodies of
rich ore are being uncovered. Quicksilver for
sale . in .. lots to suit. .
I ' Investlsate this offer.
H. R.. BRADFORD. General. Manager. -
. . v-V 7, North Market St., San -Jose.
Prospectus " and exhibits > at branch \ office, 413
. Kearny «t.;* San . Francisco. ¦ •- ¦/
VV-V '.F.DEFREITAS.; Agent.
;¦ '- w. t. hessj . £
N0TABY PUBLIC AND ATTOajfEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Glaus Spreckels Bids.
: ¦ - . ¦: -t Telephone Main 933.-., -v ¦ ¦ - ¦-
¦¦ Residence. 821 California st*. below Powell. .
;« >". ; Residence Telephone James 1501. . •
Weekly- Call, $1 per YearTHE jSAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1901.
14
SAJf FRAJTCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Saa Francisco :
CaU. corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every nlcht Jn'the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— E27 Montgomery street,
ccrner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
(00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market *treet corner Sixteenth: open
until Op.ro.
108 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky itreets: open until 9 p. ai.
£200 Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MI3ETI.\<i N XOTICKS.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 126. F. and A. M.. • ,
121 Eddy st., will meet on FRIDAY, Jft-
Sept. 20. at 1:30 p. m.. to attend the Tt_K
funeral of our late Senior Past Master. *
THOMAS AJ^DEItSON. All members. Ma-
eonic Veterans ar.d Master Masons are ln-
vitcd. GEORGE PENL1NGTON. Sec.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O. <£*_»!&•>_
F.— Third (3rd) degree THIS SJ2i5S"3i=
<FRIDAY) NIGHT at S o'clock,
Memorial Hall. Visitors cor- „ ™»V,
<i!ally invited. FRANK V. COX, N. G.
W. F. XORCROSS. R. S.
CANTON Ean Francisco No. 5. , rysfo
Patriarchs Militant, will meet ggJ^SPSfe
in the Pavilion THIS DAY (i'EI- T^Rg*
DAT), at 8:15 p. m. Bharp. -v/jiiv*
C H. KORNBECK.
MEMBERS of the St Andrew's So- v 57 *X
cicty are recuested to attend the A Cmu/J
luneral of our deceased member "t]*>5_kT
and ex-president MR. THOMAS "**-^
ANDERSON, on FRIDAY, September 20, at
2 p. m.. at B'nai B'rlth Hall. 121 Eddy at
ALLAN POLLOK. President
GEORGE ST. J. BREMNER. Secretary.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledonian . «y n.
Club THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock. A. {k$1
Scottish Hall. 117 Larkln st. iM__*
A. M. MACPHERSOX. Chief. **5_5*
JA3. H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. K. _mm_
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) <«*££P_
EVENING at 8 o'clock. Pioneer ntTjrtMa
Htll, 24 Fourth st. %SIgD£3
H. H. CASTLE. «n9
Record Keeper. "**¦ a*^
UNION Labor Party Convention will convene
at B. a Hall, 121 Eddy *t. on FRIDAY
EVENING, Sept 20. at 8 o'clock.
J. MILLMORE. Chairman..
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from A. E. Jones in the Hamton
placer mine, near Johnsvllle, Plumas County,
to deposit tailing* In Nelson Creek; from
Ellen C. Sargent et al.. in the Quaker Hill
No. 2 mine, at Quaker Hill, near Nevada
City. Nevada County, to deposit tailings on
it flat below the mine, and from the Calaveras
Mining, Water and Power Company, in the
P.ound Butte placer mine, near Sheep Ranch,
Calaveras County, to deposit tailings in O'Neil
Creek, cives notice that a meeting will be
held at room 59. Flood building, San Fran-
cifco. Cal.. on September 30. lt>01. at 1:30 p. m.
ADOPTION.
GIRL «nd boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FL'XKE. 14lt Eighth «t. Atameda.
AGENTS W ANTED.
AGENTS wanted— Life of McKlnley; five hun-
dred rage large book; handsomely illustrated;
outflt free; now ready; 75 per cent discount to
agent*; freight paid; credit given. HENRY
XEIL. S23 Dearborn st.. Chicago.
RELIABLE yo'ung man of^ good address to
•work on salary; references required. Apply
California Photo-Engraving Co.. 613 Market.
ASPUALTL'SI ROOKING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred; postal. 1186 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty: quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collection*
wills, deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; estb.
It years. Atty. G. W. HOWE, S50 Market st
ADVICE free:divorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
lectlons attachments; mortgages;bllls of sale;
partnerships ;deeds; wills drawn;fees lo\v;oi>en
eve's. THURSTON. 1008% Mkt. r. 4. op. Sth.
ADVICE free; open eve.: moderate fee if suc-
cessful. EDW. R. SHIRRAN. S27 Market St.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. fi. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
krt st.; consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind TeL Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-705 Mission st
BUREAU TRUNKS.
ASK to see Lundbeck's improved drawer
trunk; at all dealers or factory. ESS Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $600; LAD? partner wanted: must be of
business ability; in establ. parlors for hair
treatment, etc.; business clears easily $300
per month; proprietress will teach incoming
- j;artner. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26^
Kearny st.
A— »«0; GOOD-PAYING saloon, close to the
water lront; rent $25; must be sold at once
as owner is compelled to return to Michigan.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $4fX>: BRANCH bakery, delicacy store, with
4 turnlfched rooms; rent $20; very best location
on Fillmcre st., and good paying. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26i£ Kearny st
A— SGfiO; CIGAIt store; rent $20: very best stand
on Kearny St.; owner must leave for Fresno;
vr.lue in sight Call R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny Et. /
A— $400: DAIRY and produce store with horse
and wagon; 3 living rooms; place established
* years: doins good business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2G'£ Kearny. Et
A— $1400; SALOOX; choicest location on Market
st; net rent $50; fine fixtures and good pay-
ing btisinei-!-; investigate at once; a splendid
ana rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 'J5V-
Kearny et.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon with lunchroom on
Market St.; a nrst-class place; owner sick in
the country: must sell at once; Investigate
and make offsr.Call R.G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— J5C0; CHOP and cyster house on Market st;
rent $3C; dally receipts $30 and above: owner
caMcA East by death. Call R. G. WILKE,
IG'i Kearny Et.
PARTNER wanted In a restaurant; $150. Mc-
y BftllJE & CO.. 1C16 Market st.
CROP house. $12i McBRIDE & CO., 1010
Kr.rkrt st
A DRLCCACT and lunch room, $250. McBRIDE
& i'O., JOK Market «t
CROCKKT ar.J bar, $600. McBRIDE & CO .
ldC Market <=t
nU—VAUTSKU wanted; great chance In a
rsy-ng o:ne«-. McUIUDE _ CO.. 1016 Market
A— WK buy, re!! or exchange buslnes* of any
_kln>1._FjnAXD_& CO.. 203 K-arny «t • .*.
A.-»tr31; nnSTAUrtANT. Kearny *t; receipt*
-W>n >:/) day. STRAND & CO.. 20» Kearny.
A-ISM); COHNEK r-alnonl~good trade! fuH
a TH-t: not BB. * ETC A XD & CO.. m Kearny.
A GHOCnUV and IruTt store for eale:
«!>00; rrnt *?7 Ut: <3ai!y wile* in.
'^LJjJiHTL*.' *» Market «t, tm». 1 and 2.
f MO-CHEAP restaurant end lodglnThouse: 145
bed*; ertabllMied 4 years; monthly receipts
over KOO. C*H room S.-14SC Market nt
$:,C0--LArxrmY route: soud horse and wagon;
mil invwrtlgatlon. Arply 1 p. m.. 8372 Mlsilonl
D^, n T-V. r^?;- 2 r., oow i' con >T''ete. in operation.
£ IiI ; t U T L?"t, :EU ' P ' °* box « Tre«tle Glen.
I Oi: eate at Invoice' price-Grocery and liquor
*tore; c.;od ca*h buKlnoM; in fine location:
i'7* rPPt i mu^ **" , on "^ount of sickness.
Addretr. bos 4M, Call office; no agents.
1 ms-T-CLArS rcrtaurant: 13 rooms; 16 beds;
alw-eys full: every convenience; must sell:
lil health. MISS M. HEATH. Belvedere. Call
A — CIGAR stand; fine location: rent only $15-
monthly sales MM: owner getting old; will sel
cheap. HEDGES BROS.. 410 Parrott building.
$iC0O WILL ertabllrli a permanent business in
AiavUn. payins annually from SSOOo to $20 00(
Hear profit; no risk. Call or adJrecs M C
THOMPSON. United States Hotel, city. |
A BUSINESS chance of a lifetime: hotel mak-
ing money for a small money investment.
Oill 20 Montgomery st.
tih— PARTNER wanted In real estate office
GEO. NEWTON & CO.. 759 Market st
FOR SALE— Sacrifice, account illness, good es-
tablitshed country hotel. Owner. Box 166, Call.
FOR sale cheap— Butcher shop; a splendid op-
portunity: S'tabllshed 14 years; good loca-
tlcn. l?ox 4S7C. call office.
tSOO AND iS50— Fine opportunity to Invest In
e£t*biished blackslrnth business: price In each
rase covers stock, tools and good-will. Ad-
drcM bos 283. Call orflce. ,
WANTED — Good saloon and lunch house; no
agents. Address box 417. Call of flee.
SALOON for sale cheap; must be sold this
week: cood loeaf'.on; cheap rent Inquire
1206 Market st. .ooxns 9-10.
WANTED— A Dayinjr barber shop for caah;
no o-.her need answer. Box 432. Call . office.
j ALL unused stamped bank checks bought; also
tfocumcatAry stamps.' R. Garvey. 1008 Call bid.
GEO. NEWTON, 7S» Market Et— Large lists of
lodfrin.T house*,: restaurant*, hotels, ranches,
bu*ix ies* chances; all kind* for tale or ex..
HELP WASTED MALE-^-Conl
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 G«ary st
RAILROAD WORK RAILROAD WORK.
FREE FARE........... ...FREE FARE
i FOR UKIAH
I ;. FOR UKIAH-.'. '..
100 teamsters ...". $2 a day
ICO laborers :......... $:.' a day
........'...FOR TRUCKEE
60 masons' -helpers and- laborers $1 75-$2
FOR NEVADA
100 teamsters and laborers $2
FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM
50 laborers, section work 51 75
Free fare Ship daily Free fare
10 laborers for salt works, Nevada, $2 25 a
day, fare refunded, see party here; engineer
and electrician to take charge of a :rallroad
tunnel plant. $50 and found, free fan;
10 blacksmiths, country shops. $2 50 to $3 a
day; 10 farmers and milkers. $23 to $3)
...HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head laundryman, country" hotel $75
Kitchen steward, country hotel $63
Head waiter, country hotel.... $50
Meat and pastry cook, country hotel, $60; 6
second cooks, fryers and broilers. $30 to $60:
second cook, country hotel. $30. fare ad-
vanced; laundryman, $25; dishwasher. $25,
same country hotel, see party here; waiter,
$25; vegetableman, $25, for an Institution;
20 dishwashers and kitchen hands. $3C and $25
Porter, first -class country hotel. $30 and free
fare, see party her*; 2 neat bellboys, country
hotel. $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Gtary at
MR. FINLEY, the steward, please ca.l at C.
R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary st
WANTED — Reliable man as foreman fo:r manu-
' facturing business; must be. well recom-
mended and have security. Box 328, Call.
STRONG intelligent boys. 18 to 20 years old,
to learn machinist trade. 505 Mission st
PLUMBER'S helper; also boy to learn; state
age, experience and wage*. Box 470, Call.
COATMAKER and bushelman for country. Ap-
vply REIS3 BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter at, S. F.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25a
to EOc. E63 Mission it. bet. 1st and :id sts.
WANTED — Blacksmiths, horseshoen and
wheelwrights to go to Manila. P. I. Apply
Depot Quartermaster'* Office. 36 New Mont-
gomery . st OSCAR ' F. LONG, . Major and
Quartermaster, U. S. Army.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
lees than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply - at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. j
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake ' Mining Co.
near Weaverville, Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board s.nd best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery st. room 25. S«.n Fran-
cisco. Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires eight
weeks; positions secured at $60 -monthly;
special Inducements this month; write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER* BARBER
COLLEGE.. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third «t. ; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullts. r. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2>:1 sta.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition in
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WANTED— 600 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 70O rooms. 25c night; reading rooms; tree
"bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATELY.
Carpenters,
Experienced Plledriver Hands,
Experienced Raftsmen.
For work In this city at China Basin. Potrero
and for various jobs along the water front
Also for work at Mare Island and Hunter*
Point drydocka.
Steady work at regular wageji. .•'.-."» -
We are starting new Jobs daily, and will
put on all competent men applying at once.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS' EM-
PLOYERS' ASSN., >¦;
4 California at. room 15.
WANTED— Able-bodied men able is handle
grain, etc; none others need apply; wages 50?
per hour, board, lodging and protection in-
cluded. Apply to WM. THOMAS. S14 Bat-
tery *t ¦
WANTED — Stevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters: good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
Eteamer lying alongside: men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at. this
time will be given preference in f ut:ure. ¦ Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
100 MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers; steady employment; gocd wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association, 209 Examiner
building. Good board on vessel and trans-
- ¦ portation night and morning provided.
TEAMSTERS— Steady work; good wages. 203
Front st
- '*_ i k ~ ¦ ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement.-! and
subscriptions . has been established at 1034
Valencia ft ' " ' '• •
> v HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass at.. Ban Fran.
' " IIOUSES AND WACOXS.
H. BRANDENSTEIN A CO.. ha* removed from
(.11 Mlialon st. to 819 Folaom at., with an as-
sortment Of sale horses; also livery and
- boarding; new boarder* solicited; brick (table
to let for 20 horae*.
40 HORSES for aale; alao wagonn, buggie*.
cart*, harness. Grand Arcada Hone Market.
$27 Sixth at; auction sale* every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOTLE. Anctlonee::*.
ONE black road tr*m, one carriage team, one
faat road team. 721 Howard at.
A BARGAIN In good carriage. *addl«, bustnea*
and road horse*. DALZIEL, 606 G. O. ave.
150 HEAD atock horaea for aale. A. M. SCOTT
* CO.. 85 Pore at.. B. F. ¦
FOR sale— Pair of ittyllah dapple gri.y carrias*
horaea: French atock. Box 68. Call office.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery,' 1 laundry, 1
baker'*. 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon, m Harrlwon.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Marne«* lind Wa s on
Co.; he aella too cheap. 54 Klghth at.
FOR sale— Coudo and buggy; cheap, Audrcs*
box C8. Call office.
ALL kinds of wagon*, buggies, carts, harness.
etc., cheap. EOAN & BON. 2117 Mission it.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, tingle; alao light
camping wagon' for tale. » cheap. , 1132 Mission.
DI3SECTING subjects wanted. <i. f! Vet
Col.. 510 O. G. ave.. Dr. E. J. Creely. dean.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The V/eekiy Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. II per year.
HOUSES TO LET.~
A— PRINTED list houses to let; snnd for clr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let — Residence, ' 104 Guerrero st.,. near 13th*
10 rooms; sunny; high ground; garden; sani-
tary plumbing; 3 lines of cars; rent cheap
¦ to permanent tenant. ¦ -
HOUSE to let— 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Steiner
. st, near Ellis.
10-ROOM corner residence; fine order; top man-
' tels; porcln. bath. 1363 Webster, cor. O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weeklv
S* 1 . 1 ' i 6 o? a F es ' sel ii t6 ™y address in the
. United State* or Canada one year for $1
postage paid. ~ •¦¦'.' v'-..- '
HOUSES ¦'¦WASTED*." . ' - - "
FIVE or 6 room house .'and- stable; ~ 4 horses-
_central. S. B.. 315 Commercial at. .'•
WANTED to rent-A neatly furnished house in
-. Sonoma. Box 430. Call. ¦
3IATTKESSKS AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphold
, stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
> ? n . tCe «- KE BROS.. 411 to 41i! PoVeflT*'-
V.teL Bush 421.: - T; ¦ .- .
.' COLLECTION. ;OKFICES. -' -
GEO^-^W/ KELLY'S I Agency^o charge un-
Ica* successful. -. Room 810. 927 Market »t
CHIROPODISTS. ' .
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet;
-diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails; painless cure..
PR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room 307.
DENTISTS.
A^DR. 927 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling Jl 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
• gold and porcelain crowni $5 to V\ teeth
without plate: painless extraction. \
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
* without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
. flee hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
' 2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.,.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
werranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
60c; plates, $5: full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
F^iU set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: filling*, 25c.
YOU ean save 40 per- cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth «t -
SET of teeth without plate. DR. / HV O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk «t.
DR. R. L. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkln— Paln-
j leas extraction 60c ; plates $5 up : phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. O. TRUMAN, denist. third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paseu. sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
DOG HOSPITALS. ' >- ¦ /
DR. CREELY' S C. P. dog seap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates: patterns cut 1019 Market st.
~ 7~~ KDLKJAT1O.N AL. ,
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat, free.
A— The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
, vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE; is. this advice worth fol-
lowing 7I^lfe8CholaTshlp$50^catBjogue^^
A— THE LYCEUM, an cccredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Medical College, regular term
opens October 7. Full Information write D.
MACLEAN, M. D., dean. Donohoe bldg.. 8. F.
ACTING, elocution, specialties. Hallett School','
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mining.mech, sur-
vey, aasay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of 'Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st. - -
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Maaon st.
ACTINC3 — Send to Grand OperA-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago 'Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep., $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piar.o, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 60c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine *t.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. St., S. F.;
founded 1S63; new SO-page catalogue free. :
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,'
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1C24 Mission, nr. 6th.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia ft. '
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAi^l^^E^a1nd~^iinnesTTie1p~o7~aiT kinds;
cooks, waiters and house- servants. l GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411^4 O'Farrell st; tel. East 426. ¦
SAM KEE & CO., employment office— Best help;
estbd. 1850. 621»4 California St.; tel. Red 401.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. .'U5 Stockton: Main 51S8.
EaiPLOYMKXT^ MASTED— FEMALE.
SITUATION wanted by respectable healthy wet
nursa for baby 3 or 4 months old. ' Address
Nurse, box 4S8. Call office.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes situation
as cook or working housekeeper. 1043-1045
Market st. . :
YOUNG man and wife desire places In hotel or
lodging house to <lo chamber work; wages for
both. $30 and foundi L. W. B.. box 487. Call.
WANTED— Position as German nursery govern-
ess by refined young lady; best of references.
A. B., box 352. Oakland branch Call.
EXPERIENCED German lady's maid; flrPt-
class seamstress; beet reference; wages $30.
Box 353, Call office. - ; T
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes situation by the
day to do sewing; $1 per day. Box 367, Call.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes a situation at
general housework; wages $1.'). 316^ Rltch.
AS housekeeper by neat elderly American
woman, experienced with children, cooking,"
washing; references; wages $10 month. Box
491. Call office. ...
A MIDDLE-AGED woman to do washing. Iron-
ing and houseclennlng by the day; %l a day
ond car fare. MRS, SIEBOLD, 870 Folsom *it.'
WOMAN would like to assist in housework, $3
a week*; no Sunday work. Box 4Sft, Ca^l.
REK1NKD English lady desire* position a*
companion to lady or care of children; muil-
cal, sewer, reader aloud and can apeak Or.
' man. 1S23 Devlsadero st. ¦ V-
HIGH School graduate with>»i rood knowledge
of German would like situation as nuraccjrl
for 1 or 2 children. Address box 4.'9. Call.
WINCH KSTKK Houne, 44 Third tt, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 2Sc to $1 CO per night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASKIKIBD advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Cnll branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
.' BUANCH office for Call advertisement* and
fubscrlptlons haa been established at 10ti8
Valencia at. ' • .
CHEAPEST nnd best in America— The Weekly
Call, 1S pages, cent to any address In the
Unltrrt' Rat** r,r Cnr.wdn on>» year for $1. .:
I KMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
TRAINED nurse, 18 years' experience, wants
employment, city or country; will, travel with
patient; references. Address Nurse, box 351,
Call. . . ¦" •¦..-• -¦ '
POSITION by an experienced man with horses;
can milk cows, make butter; is generally use-
ful. Address T. D., 1513 Howard st.
FIP.ST-CLASS gardener in all I branches, best
of references.' desires position in city or coun-
try. Address box 432, Call office.
RESPECTABLE colored man, lately/ from Aus-
tralia, wishes a situation as janitor or porter:
' J AS. HEADLEY. 127 Second st. city. ¦ . :.
GARDENER, •¦ flrst-class, single, of - long ex-
perience in landscape gardening, growing . of
flowers and greenhouse work, wishes a situ-
ation on a private place. Box 450, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as porter in whole-
- sale house;- can give references for honesty,
sobriety and industry. Box 431, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man." handy with horses and
tools, want3 light work;, no milking; .small
wages If; good, place... H. ¦ WARREN. 115V4
Second st. ¦ , '' ' ,- - .'. .
RELIABLE man * wants position V In private
rlace; understands the care of. horses; good
! driver; can milk and attend to garden; good
.references. 'Box 455. Call office.
YOUNG married • man: from -.1 country , wants
-work: handy; security given. Address box
888. Call office .. .-¦,,"•
BLACKSMITH wants work on mine; 10 years'
- experience;* good' hand - about steel. - Address
N. P. WINTER. 1020 Howard *t—
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. .
$275— FLAT, 7 room* and bath; worth $500; must
sell. DECKER. 1C20 Market st
A— 54-ROOM CORNER SUNNY HOUSE.
NEW FURNITURE AND NEW HOUSE.
40 rooms, furnished; good location; owner^ _
sick; reduced from $3500 to $1700
10-room hou6e; fine location 42o
14-room house; good transient..' 6 Jj0
24 rooms; on Geary st 190 °
100 rooms; clears $330; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash <50
6-room flat;, fine corner •• 300
36 rooms; on Market st... l™0
10 rooms; north of Market st 450
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
8 rooms; flat near City Hall *-><
15 rooms; fine corner; clears $80 coo
9 rooms; good piano; must sell 4-o
48 rooms; hotel and bar.. "00
18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $80 800
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $130.. 1600
18 rooms; corner; Just like home...© l»00
10 rooms; on Mason st: new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments — 1250
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DKCKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
A. CAMERON & CO.. ,
850 Market 6t, and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 2L 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. Sec list of bargains.
65 r. ; corner; downtown; sunny $3500
45 r. ; rent $165; good fur., carp.; trans.. 1500
Notice— 15 r.; rent '$S0; NE. cor.; 5 years'
lease; new house; elegant furniture.... 1800
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1H p. c.
22 r. ; rent $100; mahogany and oak fur.. 1500
17 r. ; rent $50; 6th st; good house 850
8 r. ; rent $40; oak furniture..... 425
Over 600 houses listed. Call* before buying.
11 ROOMS; rent $35; must be eold $400
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40... 460
7 rooms; nicely furn.; good home 875
10 rooms; good fur., carpets; Bush St.... 800
45 rooms; fine sunny corner; central 3700
28 rooms: corner: everything new; snap.. 2500
100 r. ; flue location: good money maker.. £000
J5000— 27 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$660—14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.
$£00— «-room flat; grand furniture; rent $25.
$1100—17 room*; money maker; rent (55.
$650—8 room*; now being furnished.
12500— 70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
We loan money on an-v proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market *t.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, rms. 1 and 2.
I have 4 salesmen: long list; money to loan.
11 rooms; rent $20; near Market st $200
13 rooms; rent $33; income $75 300
17 rooms; rent $50; clears $75 a month 750
23 rooms; rent $40; Income $110 800
31 rooms; rent $45; clears $85 month. 1200
59 rooms; rent $60; income $200... 1500
43 rooms; rent $120; clears $150 a month.. 3000
61 rooms; fine corner apartment house 2500
69 rooms; will exchange for a farm 4000
£5 rooms; a prominent corner..." 2600
ATTENTION. BUYERS'.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
22 rooms; sacrifice; clears $150 $850
7-room flat; a bargain 650
14 rooms; transient; clears $125 6!1O-
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments.... 1000
50 rooms; rent $100; clears $250 1600
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
MONEY LOANED Phone John 631
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Mrkt, cor. Ellis, r. 12.
FISHER'& CO.. 935 Market, phone Folsom 1592.
34 r $1400 22 r $S0O 16 r $S00
20 r 1150 20 r 800 14 r 450
18 r 1000 13 r 600 12 r 400
15 r 700 8r 360 10 r 400
8r 650 6r 225 7r 225
McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market st, opp. Fifth.
20-room house, $350; 6-room house. $125; 10-
room house. $150; 10-room house on Eddy st..
$650; 11-room house. $650; 20-room house. $1500;
21-room house, $1250; half cash, balance to
suit the buyer. __J '
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911.
917 Market »t. near Fifth.
LODGING-HOUSE of 13 furnished rooms for
sale; price $295. 149 A Fifth St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha* bren established at 1096
Valencia «t. "
SPIRITUALISM. _
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Eun., Tues. Fri.,' 8 P. m., 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received medal* from many
countries; taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 1084 Bush St.; tel. 2275 Larkin.
BROCKWAY'S 25c seance to-night; if you are
In doubt and trouble and wish advice attend
this seance where every one receives a test;
full names end questions answered; readings
dally. 233 Hyde St.. corner Eddy.
DEVELOP your mediumlstlc gifts; ladles given
proof before beginning; guaranteed full names
90 days. 724 Post nr. Leavenworth. Franklin
on door. | -
A— Mr*. Dr. Farnham, spirt tual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty; dr. 8un.,Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1035 Market *t. -
BROCKWAY'S. 25c; seances this week. Tues.,
Wed. and Friday, 8:15 p. m. : full names to
every one; readings dally. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.: Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak st; circles Tuesday
and Friday. 8 p. m.; Wednesday ladies. 2:30
' p. m.. 10c; readings dally. 50c.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: artirlea
read, 10c: prophetic business readings. 148 6th.
EARLE. independent slate writer; 328 Ellis; tel.
Polk 1601; seance Tues. and Thurs.. 8 p. m.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings rtallv: t»;»t to al'. to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events . to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, corner Golden Gate ave:. rooms 23 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; 6hows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215^4 Sixth st.
A— LINCOLN". CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk et. ; readings by mail.
MME. POUTER, wonderful clairvoyent & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $160. 126 Turk.
ISMAK. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
ralmifct. permanently located 1148 Market, op.
tth: private reading* dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m
FREE, ladies, morning. September; free te«t
reading*, future event* and questions ; abso-
lutely fre*. 724 Post; open 10 to 6. Franklin.
PROF^ JOHN J. HULTHEN. . clairvoyant,
palmist and card render; reveals past, preEent
and future; COc. 1007^ Market *t, near Sixth.
MISS ZEMPAR. young sifted rlalr. and r»alm.;
phe has pocond sight; a wonderful prophetess;
namifi given; L. EOc, O. $1. 1079 Mkt.. oor. 7tli.
MKP.MALLORY, uplritiiaj card reader: send
ptRtnp for circular; ladles, 2&c; gent*, 'Ac. 917
Howard *t . • - .
MME. LA ROSE, beet clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken; 25c up. 777V4Market nt.room 13.
MRS, BROWN, clairvoyant, cardreadcr; Indies
25c: gent* CCc: rending* dally. 132 Sixth wt.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana:
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 2C2 Minna st, nr. Fourth.
11P.B. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;Germnn spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings. 0_a. m. to 8 p. m.. 50c. 326A Ellis,
MRS. Dr. Valecn, 1583 Market at. nr. 12th;
clairvoyant, palmlM. bus. medium; advice.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;paimlstry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
rlttlncK dally. 448Vi Jessie et. bet. Sth and Cth.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently, business
advice: namen given: 25c up. S Fourth st.
CARPET^ ffEATIKiG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted* with pbV work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 253-257 Tehama St.; tel South 43.
AMERICAN Carpct-bcating Works— Cleaning*
3c;renovated;relai<1. 105 14th st. ; tel. Capp 2542.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c p«sr yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 1511% Market St.; phone Mint 1083.
ADVANCE Carpet-eWnlng Co.. 402 Sutter st:
tel. Main S94.. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 170J Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating WorkT
323 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 12S.
CITY Ste:«Z Carpet-beating Works, o H
STEVENrT Mgr.. 28-40 8th St.; trt; South' 25o!
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno^
vatlng Co.. 210 Fourteenth %t. ; tel. Mission 74.
COTTAGES '. TO LET. ;
A NICE cottage. 7 room* and bath; 614 Hamp-
shire st ; rentreaeonable. . Apply 1106 Harrl-
' ton st. ¦ ' ¦¦ / ...;•. ¦
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; water
fre*. 1C7 Collins ; st, near Geary. I
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -MALK.
WANTED-^-Posltion as day or night clerk In
hotel or rooming-house; city or country; well
acquainted among the traveling fraternity:
flrst-class references and security. Box 111,
Call office. ';. .¦ .¦¦.;. •j'i.J' . ¦'¦-. - --¦: ¦"-'' '-¦.•«/
COACHMAN,' competent, sober and reliable,
wants situation in the country; can.dO'plaiu
gardening, milk and is generally useful: ref-
crenceg. , Address .M.'-C, 415 Powell st. -.
YOUNG man 25 years of age. speaking English.
Spanish and French, wishes position" In busi-
ness house; good, references. Address box
473. Call office. _. -
COOK— A middle-aged man who is a plain cook
would like to get a place to do plain cooking;
moderate wages. Address Cook, 543 Howard.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city, or country place as coach-
man", gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands . his • business thor-
oughly; references. Box 3767. Call office. -
CARPENTER-Good repair hand, middle-aged,
single, of steady habits, desires- work at
moderate .wages on country work, ranch re-
pairs, or similar employment. . Box 480. ' Call.
CHINESE boy. flrst-class cook, wants posl-
. tion in a high family, city or country; refer-
ences. Address 400 Dupont St.; tel.'John 1051.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been . established at 103«
Valencia st. ;' ¦ ¦
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed^ reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia -.tel.Capp 2682.
. . _ _ FINANCIAL. .-.'•;:
PACIFfc^CoasiT U^rwrltlng~Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stock* and bond* underwritten. CaU
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg. ,
ALL unused stamped bank checks bought; also
\ documentary stamps. R. Garvey. 1008 Call bid.
T ~. FLATS TO LET. , (
LOWER and upper flats, 6 large ' room* and
bath, 4 beautiful rooms In attic; elegant
grounds; keeping no expense to tenant*; com-
pleted Sept. 25; large bay window in. every
room ; NW. cor. Portola and Duboce Park,
off Waller, bet Pierce and Steiner.
COLE. 7T3-775. bet. Beulah and Frederick sts.—
Fine new sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable.
A— TWO brand new. 5 rooms; -porcelain bath.
418 Hermann St.. near "Webster. . __
A— NEW sunny 4 rooms; porcelain bath. 1419A
Green st., near Van Nes* ave.
LOWER flat, 6 rooms and bath. 1416 IJevlsa-
dero St., near Geary.
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat 6 rooms, bath,
basement, yard ; reasonable to- good tenant. ¦
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekl/
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. .
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
MODERN, sunny upper flat; furnished; 4
rooms and bath. S30 Noe St., near Castro.
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLTDE L. KELLER. 12S-130 Hayes. nr.V. Ness—
Styli?h effects: High-grade work: Lowest prlcea.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$17 SO— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
12— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Searey's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co.,' 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp, 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse.. bought.
A. L. Etorrs, 130 Golden Gate ave.; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL." Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
, GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
' HELP WANTED — FEMALE. - ./
'WANTED — 2 cooks, no wash; $25; 2 nurses. $20-
$25; 2 chambermaids, sewing, $25; cook for
25 men, $35; cook tor club, $30; laundress
for institution, $30; 4 restaurant waitresses,
$7-$8 week; 2 parlor maids, $25; hotel laun-
dress, $20; 2 waiters for Tuolumne County,
see party .here, $25; girls for all kinds , of
housework, city and country. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 31fi Sutter st
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, $30; 3 waitresses. Salt Lake
City, ' fare 'paid, . $20; 2 waitresses, first-class
country hotel, 1 $20; fare here; waitress, com-
mercial hotel,; Nevada, $25, lares paid; 14
waitresses, first-class city and country com-
mercial hotels, $20 and $25; 2 laundresses, $20
1 and $25. • -• . .-..-. >
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, housegirls, second girls, best wages;
- working housekeeper, 2 men, $15; second girl,
$25. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary. .
HELP of all nationalities to fill various posi-
tions. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell St.
LIMITED number ladles to learn photographic
negative retouching; positions when qualified,
$12 to $15 per week; instruction and position
secured, $10. Apply Retouching School, 10G5
Market st. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. ¦
WANTED— Girls to learn the Bonnaz em-
broidery trade; paid while learning. Paris-
Ian Embroidery Wonts, 21 Powell st. .
WANTED— A neat girl with good references
for second work and wait at table; wages $25.
Apply 2C19 Buchanan* st . '
WAITER girl wanted. 136 Second *t.
PROOFREADER wanted who, can set type.
Apply Phillips, Smyth & Van Orden,50S Clay.
AMATEUR sinsers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at G o'clock this evening. ¦ •
GIRL for housework and cooking. Call . 2303
Van Ness ave., morning. ¦¦ -
GOOD washer and ironer. 2631 Howard st,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third.
WANTED— Flm-claus waitress; wages $25 per
month. Apply The Crocker. 915 Leavenworth. j
A WOMAN for light- housework and cooking,
211S Baker St., corner Jackson.- - . .
GIRL to do general housework; good wages.
40 Uartlstt fct - f
OPERATORS on skirts. MEYER BROS.. 404
Market «t. , .
OIRL for general > housework: German or
Scandinavian preferred. I Call at 2833 Wash-
ington Rt., hi-tviw.i Scott and Devisaelero,
from- 10 to 2 o'clocn. > ¦
aHdOCTRESs" wiahea a lady assistant; good
home, fair pay for right party. Leave age
at box 484, Call. '. .",. ¦ - '
EXPERIENCED operator* on ladl»* silk and
wool wnlRtii; good nay; steady work. S. F.
MFG. CO.. 623 Mnrket at.
GIRL for general housework and rooking, 1431
Golden (into aVe. ' ¦ . "^ '.
GIRL to do plain cooking and waahlng; Rich-
mond district: salary $20. Box 483, Call.
YOUNO girl to take care of two children;
. good home. 1938 Bush »t. . • . ." ~j: <¦'¦¦•
WANTED— Girl* to learn waiting at table. For
particulnrs Inquire at 725 Market at.
PROBATIONEUS-fitrong, healthy lndlea, aged
20 to 80, to become trained nurses. Apply
mornings at Bt. Elmo Hospital, 230 Douglas*
St., near Eighteenth. . \ :
WANTED— Middle-aped woman for general
housework: good wages. Ocean" Beach, next
- door to the shooting gallery. - \
GIRL to assist in light housework. Apply
M7A Castro st. .. , '"
WANTED— Apprentice - for dressmaker. . 831
v Vallejo st. . : .
.WANTED— Reliable woman, past 25, for re-
sponsible position; permanent. Box 468, Call.
. -. ¦ ¦ • -' ¦ ¦ .. ,_ *.. . ... ) i
PANTS finishers wanted. 227 Fifth st. *
' / , ¦
*.-*-•' ' s
OPERATORS - on overall* . at Levl Straus* - ft
i. Co.'s factory. 22% Fremont st. ; good wages;
'no experience necessary. > Apply to ' MR.
DAVIS. ,
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and " neg-
ligee shirts, also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for Instruction;. paid while learn-
• Ing. Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough ani
I Grove 6ts. ¦-. .¦ '•:¦..
HAIRDRESSING, dyeing, bleaching. 'massage,
manicuring taught in 2 weeks for $5; employ-
" mer.t guaranteed. College, 143 ( Stockton, r. 15.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted; bookbindery.
636 Clay st. :,--.".. ¦,,-,:-
WANTED — Women Xor ¦ light - work on fruit.
.1731 Folsom ft . ., ; ,^ ¦' '•'.-"¦'.'."
GIRLS for hand work on coraeta. 231 Powell
.. , street. ..- > , -.. ¦-. . - . y ¦ :;'-. ¦¦¦¦'": .\. "'". i....-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200.Flllmore at.
low asp ox:rs P:. .
LOST-A lady'* gold watch with bird «_££•£
on outside of case: on Fifth *t . « on Market
st. between Fifth and Third. Return to Call
office and receive reward.
LOST-A brown rat-tall spaniel do*. Return
253 Octavla st. and receive rewara.
LOST-Maltese cat from J Ankany plate. Pow-
¦- ell st. bet Sutter and Bush; reward.
LOST-A pass book with .the Hlbernia Saving,
and Loan Society of San Francisco^ in th«
name of SARAH SNOW. No. 229-334. The find-
er will please return to bank, < _
AT Dennett's • Restaurant, a black •"»»»;
> b-ella, $2 reward if returned to DSnnett *
cashier; no Questions asked.
LOST— Black French poodle, trimmed: liberal
reward. Hospital, Fort Mason. ¦
IT will pay to "Remember'" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new waten eamea.
MEDICAL. . '/
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are "lck and In
trouble call and consult the socialist. My
medicines have been used for nmny years by J
thousands: the unfortunate helpec^rellef In an
cases taken I the most obstlnat* cases have
been relieve! by my medical treatment; r.ei
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaint*
treated; relief to the longest ca:>es. DR. O.
1 W. O'DONNELL. 101S Market st. QPP. Finn.
THE original MRS. DA VIES who has been In
business here for 25 year*. Is st!U located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided: office
hour* 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1113 Market- Reliable la-
die*' *peclalist: a prlv. home be! ore and dor-
ing confinement; best medical care; low frea.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DAVIES* original
method of treatment; maternity home: horn*
In confinement. 1128 Market st. 8. F.
MRS. D. WYETH. reliable ladles' *peclall«t:
private home before and during confinement.
removed from Post to 410 O'Farrell »t.
MRS D. KOHL, ladies' specialist, confinement.
removed from Market st to 410 O'Farrell »t.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cent»-The Weekly CaU.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing- $1 per year^
MISCELLANEOUS— FOB SALE.
BOILERsT^englne*. Jd-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables barroom chair*, llnou um. new ana
Mcond-hand; we always have a large «tock of
saloon outfit* on hand; 32 complete outfit* on
one floor, ready mads: we can ship •roryuunc
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
MUslop st. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
J0-H.P. boiler and 25-H.P. engine complete.. $300
20-H.P. boiler and 15-H.P.englne comp ete.$2»»
10-H.P boiler and 8-H.P. engine complete.$l2j
S-H P boiler and 4-H.P. engine complete.. $30
AUo pipe, fitting*, etc. H. S. WHITE. SU
Mission st __________
MISFIT parlors (upstair*), 23 Stockton, rent*
fun dress. Tuxedo. Prince Albert or mourn-
ers' black suits tor $2 50; misfit tallor-mada
suits and Raglans for sale and <u> rent; a bis
stock of travelers' \ sample* In trunks, valises
and full dre»3 reasonable. _______»__»
Graphopfaones. Phonographs. G rare ophones. JS to
$150; easy terms: children'* toy irraphophone*.
$1 50; 2d-hand Thonographs.Grariophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
1901 RAMBLERS. Eagles, light Btearns. Snell
and others; 2d-hand bicycle*; cheap: send
for list. LEAVITT & BILL 339 Larkin *t
A— BUYS, sell* or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shaiting. pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear «t
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engine* and
boilers bought and sold. KROOH 1IFG. CO..
9-17 Stevenson St., near Flr»t
CASH register (Hallwood); brand n«w; $34;
reduction. Apply 11. F. ALLEN. 202 Califor-
nla «t. '
NEW or 2d-hand clothing, shoe*, tool*, metals.
Jewelry bought, told, exch.: 1 '1-H.P. Or*jr;
1 2J4-H.P. Hercules; gasoline en,iJWKf___
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bn*» and dre«»
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 EU1» St.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $:! 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery »t
A— $3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine. ¦
ONE friction hoist drum, branc. new; cheap.
H. 8. WHITE. 51S Mission at.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, now & 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. «11 Mission at.
FOR sale— Al fresh cow. Apply 20 Bonlta *t.
off Polk. ;___ •
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacraiaento St.
PHOTO bargain list No." 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery st -
BAR outfits, showcases; all length* and size*.
JACOB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission St.
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry: cash or Install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 128 Kearny. r. 23.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machln-
cry. J. BURKE. 139 Beale at ¦
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler'* steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2<l-haEd movtng ple-
tures. BULLARD ft BRTCCK. 131 Post St.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Wood-turning lathe, head and tall
stocks. Box 350. Call office.
ALL unused stamped bank checks bought; also
documentary stamps. R. Garvey, IOCS Call bid.
TXLTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical good*. 154 9th st; tel. Folaom 2523.
* 3IO.VEY TO LOA V.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at < per cent in sums tc suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
'mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We wi'.l purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red SC24. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crccker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere*
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st, room 3
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner building—
$3.000,COO at 6% or less In lar];e sums; lonna
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and size*. It your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you ne«;d more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bid*.
ANY proposition, any amount; « per cent; first,
recond mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, undivided interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercantile and timber
Interests; corporation loans. F. 16, first floor
Chronicle building. GEORG35 E. OLSEV.
ANY proposition; any amount; « per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided Interests; chat-
tel mortgage*, etc. D. J. HALLORAN,
Adam* building. 206 Kearny »t.. room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 13(5, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, Jewelry,
piano* and *eaUktns at lowest rate of interest.
» Grant ave.. near Markot at ; tel. Black $471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond*. Jewelry at low-
est ratea. Baldwin Jewelry Store, tit Market
at; tel. Main 1644. Branch » Third *t.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant »y*;. near
Geary at; phone Rtd l<03.
ON real tatatt, 1st or 2nd mortgage* A on furnt"
tur. or pianos without removal any amount;
lowe»t ratt*. Becker it Co.. 'M Montgonnry.
CASH loaned to salaried pcopli on nott with-
out tndoraer or on mortgage* *t • per cent p«r
annum: MORRELL. toa Examiner butMlny.
LOWEST rate* on furniture. He., by private
Pi a^ y i. n<> r « mov al; no communion: eonftnen-
tlal. Room », Conservatory bldg., 301 Jonen.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy tfrnu; no t)rok»r-
*ge; reliable party. 1170 Market »t. room 6«.
ON REAL estate— 6 per cent per annum; no
brokerage. LICK. Hfl McAUUter st.
3% on furniture ond pianos: $15 jp: no removal;
no commission: private. Room gl, 6 Eddy *t.
IF you want a home I will loai you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 223 ISaniome »t
'ME TOUSLEY Company; loan* and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
M i? NEY .,l oan< ; <1 "a'af'ed People wlthouVsecur-
Ity. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Kx.^ 431 California.
UNCLE HARRIS haa retired from business.
°S '£?a}£*?I Z* s **' no Indomr required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY, 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 303 Fhelan bldg.
"_MOyEY WASTED.
WANTED— $2M for Al security; good Interest;
no scalpers needed. Box 433. Call office.
OUR special "anniversary" sals la still on: If
ZFZmZ,*? alrea<J y b^ghwU c£n make it
an object for you to come nnd see us; we
ha\e uprights from $73 upward; you get low
maitv!% «?T h C T°, r Daynwnt*. THE ZENO
MAU~\AI3 MUSIC CO.. 769 Market *t _
A «fr5 R . M k S fa " ur « *«> realize on account of
Vii~ h . ai placed two carloads of hlgh-grad*
££? nr!i?. ItoraKe t0 be »old at Eastern Uc-
wm c8w. e 5J ?«««" 1 - B an d P*a»o* for a *ong.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 17M aiarket st.
M £ GN1I V ICE . NT high grade upright pla-o; sac-
rifice; leaving city. HO O'Farrell it.
HELP 1 WANTED — MALE. _ r
A-MURRAT & READY...... Pbone Main B848. -
Leading Employment and Labor Agents. •
Office open 7 a. m. to-day (Friday.)
Railroad men, free fare; fruit Dickers.
.'..;. ...UKIAH FREE FARE
C. & N. W. JR. R... FREE FARE.
SANTA FE..... ............FREE FARE.
' WE SHIP TO-DAY
STOCKTON ..MERCED FRESNO.
- Bakersfleld and other divisions. - ¦ • ¦
Santa Fe Company's own work,' BO laborers,
- no experience required. .„. FREE FARE.
. 50 teamsters and laborers, Ukiah. free fare.
50 men to cut right of way, steel and bal-
last gangs. Ukiah....... FREE'FARE.
FRUIT PICKERS ..SHIP TO-DA5T
LOOK HERE— MEN AND STRONG BOYS'.
25 more men and boys, { no experience, to
pick fruits and grapes, work in packing house,-
etc, |30 and found; long job
60 fruit and grape pickers, different places....
$30 and found
FOR A WOODS CREW
2 head donkey man, $90 and found; 5 cross-
cut sawyers, $50 and found; 5 men to work
around donkey engine, $65 and found; a bark-
ers.. ;.$S0/and found
. ...FOR OTHER SAWMILL COMPANIES...
10 laborers, no experience required, to work
- In mills and yards. $35 to $55 and found;' 15
laborers tor sawmill companies, Sonoma and
San Mateo counties, $30 and found; timber
fallers, $45 and $40. : • '
SPECIAL— NEVADA...... REDUCED FARE.
10 laborers, no experience required, to work
around salt works, $67 50; steady job and fare
refunded. See boss here 10 a. in. to-day.
MINES ......... LABORERS
Furnace man. $65; 6 miners, north $75
25 laborers, no experience, different gold
and silver mines, $75, $60 and $40 and
found; 5 muckers $75
10 drillers and hammer men, $60 and $67 50;
¦ 10 laborers, no experience, Santa Clara
? County $«0
5 laborers, large factory $1 75 and $2 day
187 laborers, city and country.. $1 75 to $4 day
MISCELLANEOUS
3 carpenters, different ranches.. $52 and found
Wood turner, country, $3 to $8 60 day; 4
rough carpenters, -3 harness makers. :$35-$40
4 blacksmiths. 2 helpers, carpenter for a
factory, ¦ well borer ...'. *
Teamster for a mining company; good job.
4 teamsters, vineyard Co $30 and found
Choreman, private place, $25; 27 farm hands,
! milkers and choreman, dairy man, $35; 7 sta-
ble men, hostlers, etc., handy men for ma-
chine and boiler shops. ">¦
.; HOTEL DEPARTMENT, ETC
Cook and wife- as chambermaid, country
hotel $60; bartender, plain-place, $25; 3 butch-
ers, $40 and found, -$52 and $60; second cooks,
$50 and $3P; 5 cooks, ranches and camps; pan-
try man,' baker's helper, 7 waiters, city and
country; kitchen help.
MURRAY & READY .634-636 Clay gt.
COOK, country hotel, $50; cook, small hotel,
. $30; cook for steamer, $40; cook, private
boarding-house, $40; second cook, country ho-
tel, $50; restaurant cooks, $40 and $60; restau-
rant second cook, $40; night cook, $9 week;
restaurant stewards, checkers, pantrymen,
dishwashers; 2 waiters for lunch -counter, $25
and found; bellboy* and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 828 Sacramento st.
DAIRYMAN and wife, $50; gardener and wife,
$50; poultryman and wife, $50; 3 farmers and
wives, $40; farmers, $25 and $30; stableman,
$30 and $40 and found: old man to care for
place, $5 and found; milkers, $30 and found;
milk wagon driver; hand washer and starch-
er, $35 and found; groom, $30 and found; fruit
peddler, $1 25 day; teamsters, laborers and
. many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st. * ¦
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. . \
69 Third st, nr. Call bldg. ; phone Bush 405.
.......... RAILROAD LABORER8 '....
SANTA FE R. R FRESNO DIVISION
¦UKIAH UKIAH
FREE FARE ...
60 teamsters for Ukiah... .$2 to $2 25 per day
Milker, near city $30 per month
. Sailors and deckhands for coast. Mexico, Hon-
olulu, Australia and Japan $40 per month
6 carpenters, big electric company
$3 to $3 50 per day. 4 to 5 months' work
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st.-French cou-
ple, country, $40; choreman for nursery, $20;
gardener and milk 2 cows, country, $25; sta-
bleman and milker, south. $30; choreman for
- cheese factory, $25; restaurant cook, $60; cook
and dishwasher. Eureka, $45 and $25; waiter,
country hotel, $30; waiter, near city, $30;
night waiter. $45. etc. •
PANTRY boy, $20; arm waiter, $00; second
cook. $50. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market St.. room 207,
I. LESS, secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED— Porter who knows something about
firing a boiler and light electrical work;
must be willing to make himself generally
useful. Apply at Teohau Tavern, 109-117 Ma-
son st., between 9 and 10 a. m.
GOOD practical engineer; one who understands
pumps and pipe work and willing and 1 able
to work; steady employment; city. Box 492,
Call office. . - ¦
MARINE, firemen, sailors, lumber stevedores:
non-union; no office fees. Mechanics' «Regis-
tratlon Bureau.' 410 Kearny st. room 24.
WANTED— A good plumber and tinner to open
a business in country. Inquire of A. T.
HEtlBREE, 2201 Webster at.
WANTED— A good dishwasher for restaurant;
• call early; good wages. 1201 Flllmore st,
-corner Turk.
WANTED— Cooks; restaurant butchers, waiters,
dishwashers and kitchen help; no fee.' 127
' Mason st.
BARBER for Saturday at 105 Tenth st.
WANTED— A good strong boy. Eagle. Brass
Works, 225 Eeale st. . ¦
YOUNG man for kitchen work. Apply 515 Cal-
ifornia st., at 7 o'clock a. m.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
EXPERT chimney sweep wanted. Call at 847
Mlssirn st, between 12 and 1 p. m. - ¦
WANTED— A good barber to run a shop. Ap-
ply corner Twenty-fourth and Douglass sts.
DISHWASHER wanted. 315 Grant ave.
WANTED— FlrsVcIass saloon porter; - wage-
. $40. Northwest corner of Howard and East
sts. ; call early. : . . ¦ ¦ ¦ ' '
GOOD waiter wanted. 601 Twentieth st. (Po-
¦ trero). • ¦ .
BA RBER shop for sale. Call forenoon at . 217
Fourth st. '
WANTED— A young man to assist wait at
table. 211 Grant ave. ¦ , .'..-¦
GOOD sober dishwasher: apply early. 105 Cal-
ifornia Market, Calif. Restaurant; good job.
WANTED— A dishwasher. 613 Clay st. " .
FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturdays and Sun-
days; If suitable, steady. 609 Larkln st.
WANTED— Cook; elderly man. * 322 Main st
GOOD dishwasher; young man. Capital Res-
taurant, 106 McAllister st. ¦¦, v ;.; :
WANTED— A bell boy at The Crocker. 913
Leavenworth st. .
ITALIAN porter and bootblack wanted at 1211
Market »t." :.>..-.-,.
ELEVATOR boy. * 124 EUI* *t. *".'*.
WANTED— Walter for all around worte 87
Eddy nt
GOOD young dishwasher: day work; can early.
1201 Flllmore it, corner Turk.-
MAN and wlfft for place In country; reliable
party only. Box SS4, Call office
STRONG boy to drive wagon and work about
furniture *tore. 837 Mission st. . ¦ ' '
WANTED— Musician*, • first 'nnd «ccon>l elan,
for the Puget Sound Navy Yard Band; E flat
clarinet; *olo I) flat clarinet*; cornet*, alto*;
' trombone*, barytone, tuba and drum*; men
who double In orchestra preferred; pay of mu-
•lclani, first cla«i), $22 and $9 ration: muni"
clam, second clasa, $30 and $9 ration. Apply
to recruiting officer U. 8. It. S. N1PS1C,
', Navy Yard, Puget Sound, Bremerton, Wash.
WANTED— 10,000 active agents immediately to
> take orders for "Life of William McKlnley";
' memorial edition; graphic record of hla whole
: illustrious - career; elaborately illustrated;
sells at night; beat terms to, agents; book*
on credit; sample, enabling you to make from
$5 to $12 dully, by mall postpaid; free on ap-
i plication. Address Globe Bible Publishing '
Co.. -723 Chestnut St., Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED— Salesman, Christian gentleman, to
sell enameled Iron and steel signs; must be
an active, . experienced ' and successful sales-
• man and one that can draw designs; wages
-$75 per month :: references. . Box 28"., Call.
1 WANTED— Strong boy for assistant stock
clerk. Give . references and wages expected.
Applications must be written and addressed
to Box 453. Call office. ' .
" WANTED— Man tor general work, ,-care for
'"horse and cow, country;- good, man; steady
. work all year. 10 to 12 Friday. W. E. LUTZ,
, 205 * Sansome st ¦ • •
TAILORS — Good coatmakers ¦wanted for the
country. Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO.,
corner Second and Market ¦ sts. • ¦ -
' GOOD driver for mineral water wagon; must,
have reference and security. Box 234, . Call.
. FIRST-CLASS man to sell stock of a manu-
i , facturing company. . 1004 Van . Ness ave.
. WANTED— Cash boys ¦ 14 , years of; age or over.
Apply at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m.
WANTED— Flrst-class all-around Job printer;
/ : none other need apply. At 933 Market st.
' WANTED— A boy about f 16' year* of, age for
. 'wholesale house. Address box 434. Call office.
. GOOD ¦* errand : boy for printing office; .fine
. chance to learn trade. Box 278,. Call office.
WANTED— Boys over 17 years old to learn to
. - . run lathes, drill presses and milling machines,
i [¦ Apply to UNION OAS . ENGINE * CO., * 244
Flr*t *t. city. , f• Originals of. foregoing affldavita held by
president of Honduras -• National Lottery Coev
pimy (Louisiana State Lottery Company). -
. . .'NEW YORK, Aug. 19, 1301— Mr. B. Kuji
n«tzky deposes and says that he resides at 71
Mott street. New York City; that he Is tfco
rlirhtful owner of one-half ticket No. 67.73>,
w:.iich drew the third capital prize of $4000 la
the Honduras -National- Lottery Company,
drawing of which took place on Saturday. Au
gust 10. 1901, at Puerto Cortez,- Honduras. ; C
A:.' and .that he received to-day - the - amount
of his prize in full without any deducticn
whatever. - (Sigaed) B. KUZNETZKY. -
„ Witness: S. HERSCHBERG. . " .
! 'Sworn to before me the 14tft day of August,'
1351. . MAX SALMANOWITH. . .
. ;:;.- Notary Public, New, Yorjc County.
$2000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF THIRD CAPI-
TAL PRIZE.
,. .OND" CAPITAL PRIZE. :
State of Indiana, Martin County— ss. f ' ; - '.-'"'
]>efore me,. John S. Tarkington, personalty
came Charles' W. . Boswell. who being by m»
sworn says that he resides, at 935 Massa
chusetts avenue in the city of Indianapolis:
that he Is the holder and owner of one-elghti
ticket No. 48,843 in the Honduras National Lot
tery Company (Louisiana State Lottery Com
- pany) in. the drawing held at Puerto Cortez o»
Saturday, August 10, 1901. class H, which nuni
-t>er drew; the second capital prize of JSOCO, anl
said ticket was 'paid upon presentation. *
V., ¦ .. - CHARLES W. BOSWELL. :
-' Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17t!»
day of August." A. D. lsoi. - . . '
'¦ "iVltness my hand and notarial seall
. ' JOHN" S, TARKINGTON. Notary Public.
- My commission as notary public expires Ocv
to&er 14. 1903.
$1000 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OF SEC*
OND CAPITAL PRIZE.
r.'EW YORK. Auk. 20, 1901.— I am the bonn
fids owner of one-eighth ticket No. 43.848 o!
thu Honduras National Lottery Company draw
ing held at Puerto Cortez, Honduras, . C A
on August 10. 1901. Said ticket drew the second
capital prize of $3000 and I have received thu
money In full. : . HAINET SLOMOVITZ.
. • . 69 Forsythe street.
¦ J>worn to before me this 21st day of August
1S0L " . , . MAX SALMANOWITH,
-. < Notary. Public. New York County.
J10DO FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OF SEC-
$30,0C0 FOR J2— WHOLE OF FIRST CAPITAL
' PRIZE. • "
Personally appeared before me, the notary
puMic for the county, city and State aforesaid.
Mlos Naomi C. Wood. -No. 5517 Keystone ave*
nu«;, and Simon Burns. Pittaburg. Pa. and
being duly sworn, depose and say that they '
are owners of whole ticket No. 94.952, of th«
Honduras National Lottery . Company (Louisi
ana State Lottery Company), said ticket hav-'
ing drawn the first capital prize of J30.000 in
the drawing that took place at Puerto Cortez.
Honduras, C. A.. Saturday. August 10 1901
and that each of us have received the totai "
amount due according to our interest in said :
ticket, and that the prize of $30,000 was paid
in full in United States currency without re
bate on surrender of said ticket.
(Signed) SIMON BURNS,
. . NAOMI a WOOD.
Sworn and 'subscribed to before me this ->6tSji
day of August. 1901. JAMES L. DELOXG
Notary Public.
The subscriber having supervised the single
number drawing:, class I. Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby- certifies that the
above are the numbers which were this day
dl ? wn t u froll L the loa ' 000 Placed In the wheel,
wltn the prizes corresponding to them.
_T.itness my hand at Puerto Cortez, Honduras
C. A., this. Saturday, September 14, 1901
; ~\7. 3. CABKLU Commissioner.
Weather Report.
: (120th. Meridian— Pacific Time.) .¦
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. . 19, 6 p. . m. .
The following .maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
.Eureka, 60; Mount . Tamalpais, 92;» inde
pendence, 86; Red Bluff, 82; ¦ Fresno, 88; Los
Angeles, 70; Sacramento, 74;* San Luis Oblspo,
70; San Diego, 68.. >¦. '•¦ ' .-.\\ •¦ . ;
. San Francisco data: Maximum, temperature,
67; minimum, 54; mean, 56. . - : ¦ ¦% : ¦ .- \
. THE- COAST RECORD.' ' > ; ~~^
«¦ g ?;'• o w tj
.;. .. -.: 5 SSSs- °J 3» g
•¦.STATIONS. 3 '|i|| "32; Eo t
• a rcr; fro an r*
. ¦ : - > : >" '•; Idlsj; 3 p. 3 I-.. %•
. ' ' . • • .*'!'"• - ' ' • ¦ 'p*
Astoria:.' :C... .29.94 60 .48 SW CToudy .0*
Baker.. ..'.......... .29.88 80 48 SE Clear .00
Carson 29.84 88:48 W Clear. .00
Eureka 29.98-60 -62 S'W Cloudy .00
Fresno...' 29. 84 '88 66 SW Clear .' .00
Flagstaff ...30.04 80 44 W . Cloudy .00
Pocatello. Idaho... 29. 92. 80 44 W -Clear .00
Independence.. ...::29 .76 i 86 ; 62 -'SE Clear - .00
Lios Angeles 29.92 76 66 W Clear .00
Fhoenix 29.76 104 70 NW Clear .00
Portland ...29.82 82 56 S . Clear .00
Red Bluff.. .29.88 S2 60 SE * Clear .00. ,
Roseburg.;:.-.'.. .'...29.88' 74 60 NW Clear"" - .00
Sacramento... ¦.:... 29. 88. 74 52.- S " Clear' ' .00
gait Lake... T.r. 1 ;-. 29 r90' 8S'62' NW Clear-'-'^.OO
San Francisco 30.02 68 64 W Raining T.,
San Luis Oblspo... 30.0^ 70 54 "W Clear >. -.00
San Diego. i......i. 29.92 68 62 -NW Clear .00 ;
Seattle; ...:.. ...29. 80 86 62 SE ' Clear .00 1
Spokane... ......:.. 29.88 74 60 E ' Clear .00
Neah Bay. ..... .V."..29.84 62 62 NW Cloudy .00
Walhi Walla... :...29. 88 78 60 S Clear .00
Wlnnemucca..... '.'.29.76' 88 44 NE Clear .00
Yurca. . . . . . . .".'. . . : ;.29.76 102 '• 70 i SW Clear ' , .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
k* ''FORECAST., ;.¦;'¦
The pressure has : risen slowly along the
coast of California and Oregon: It still con
tinues low over~ Eastern Oregon ' and Wash
ington, and' conditions- are still unfavorable
for settled fair -weather over Northern Califor
nia. Dense fog | prevails along the coast from
San Francisco to Eureka, .and sprinkles of
rain have occurred."'. ' •- •
The temperature .has fallen from 'ten to
twenty degrees ; over Northern California and
Oregon. . • - J ! ' - '
In the great. valleys of California the weath
er has been dry and moderately warm.-"
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours -ending, midnight, September 20, 1901:
Northern California— Cloudy Friday, with fog
along the coast; fresh southwest winds. ,
Southern California— Fair Friday; light west
erly winds. . ' . •
Nevada — Fair i Friday, < becoming cloudy In
the afternoon; fresh southerly winds. - : • .
San Francisco and ' viclnlty-^Cloudy Friday;
fesh southwest winds. . • ¦: '
-ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
¦ ' . . .¦',";¦ ' ¦ Forecast Official.
1 ' * -. ' • '
London Wool Sales. . .
LONDON, Sept. 19.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 14,492. bales' were offered, -which includ
ed a laree'and varied selection. There was a
full attendance. Buyers operated freely and
the tendency was higher. 'Scoured . were active
on demand from the- Continent. American rep
resentatives secured a ! moderate supply of
good greasy merino3 and cross-breds at full
rates. Cross-breds sold -• freely to the j home
trade. Cape of Good Hope and Natal • stock
was In good demand and the withdrawals were
small. -' ; - | .-.- i- ¦¦¦
Kicks and Blows for Laborers..
J. Coleman, a teamster for the Pacific
Transfer. Company, while on his way to
the company's stables on Bryant street
yesterday afternoon was set upon by four
striking teamsters at Fourth street. They
beat him about the head and face. He
was taken to the Emergency. Hospital,
where his • injuries, consisting of a scalp
wound, a laceration of the face and a con
tused wound on the left hand, were treat
ed. »•.•¦.......,;¦. . . . . •: . . .- . .
Steve Hlodelo and Martin Dfuskwichi,
two Slavonians employed in a fruit store
at 519, Sansome. street, were on their way
to visit a. friend, on Bryant street yester
day afternoon. At Second street a gang
of. ten roughs attacked' them. without any
warning and knocked them down. A new
pair of pantaloons that Hlodelo was car
rying and Druskwichi's hat were stolen.
Both men were treated at the Emereency
Hospital for their Injuries. -' . ¦
Policeman. Slnitery was notified shortly
before midnight Wednesday night ' that
two or three shots had .been fired, in front
of 442 Jessie- street, . between Fifth and'
Sixth. He made an investigation and
reported to ' f : Chief "Sullivan yesterday
that he .had < discovered the shots were
fired by some men who were in pursuit^of
a« non-union machinist. • After firing the
shots the shooters ran*along Jessie 'street
toward Sixth. No one was injured as far
as Slattery could ascertain.
Water Front Violence."
-Only three -victims of violence were
treated at the Harbor Hospital yesterday
afternoon.- J. D. Garvey, John Barry and
Thomas King were all more or less badly
handled at different times during the day.
They b\\ sustained lacerated .wounds of
the scalp. . " • ¦'¦¦¦ j
/ — ¦ * ¦
i)r. Doane S Delivers i Eulogy. ,
A special memorial .service was held
yesterday morning -in \ the r *Mizpah Pres-'
by terian Church. TJie sacred edifice was
crowded' with, wotsnlpers. The Interior
of the - church . was draped in • mourning.'
Purple; and whiter asters were displayed;
Rev. F. ': A-. -Doane, ; pastor of, the church,
conducted the . The -programme
consisted of prayers : and -. music ' by . the
choir. Dr. Doane preached the eulogy. 'It
was a. touching tribute, of affection and
regard S for the ; martyred ; President ? and
brought tears to the eyes of the congre
gationi -: . :. •_':-. ; .. , ¦ '. -'.^ . .¦
f 'Old Friends" : Postpone , Meeting.
, The regular meeting* of the society of
Old - Friends .; on f. Wednesday : night ; . was
postponed: to •' next, month , out' of respect
to, the late martyred .President, William
McKinley;-,who was an honorary -member,
of. the -.Old Friends. . i..-,,: : ;;. :.- ¦ .-,
SAVES TWO FIREMEN.
Brutal Treatment of E. T. Haas by
Pickets of Machinists" Union.
The - high-handed manner in which
strikers Intimidate and attack strangers
whom they, suspect to be Identified with
non-imiori workers was illustrated by the
unwarranted and brutal assault upon E.
T. Haas, the' civil engineer and contKact
or of 320 Sansome street, on the Santa Fe
ferry last Tuesday evening. -'. *
According to? the statement of -Mr.
±iaas,-he was returning to the city -from
the country, whither he had gone on a
business trip. A number of non-union
machinists were expected to arrive on
the same train, and some twenty pickets
of the Machinists' Union were on board
the boat in readiness . to meet and argue
the question with the new-comers. Mr.
Haas was seajted reading a paper, when
a crowd of the pickets approached him.
What transpired is described by Mr.
Haas as follows: - . " -.
. "One of the men asked me who I was
and what my busines might be. I an
swered that that was my affair, and I
declined to satisfy his curiosity. The
men then became abusive, and when I
persisted in my refusal to tell them what
my business was a. dozen others were
called up, and three flourished revolvers
In my face, I was struck simultaneously
on the head, and face, receiving severe
cuts on the scalp and lip; from which
the blood flowed copiously. Finding that
no one was willing to assist me. and
rearing to be beaten insensible, I was
compelled to give my. name and announce
my business. They affected to disbelieve
my statement and demanded proofs of
my assertion. An acquaintance of mine,
also a civil engineer, identified me, but
even this did not satisfy my assailants,
and they made threats against him. They
finally left me alter abusing me roundly
and defied me to see the captain of the
boat and - have tl*em punished. I could
get no redress for the wrong done me,
and, although one of .the pickets had the
manhood to apologize to me subsequently,
that did not compensate me for the In
dignity cast, upon me by the ruffians: .
• "That such a state of affairs should ex
ist in this community is a shame and dis
grace. When men-who have nothing in
common with the. strikers are wantonly
assaulted by amob In defiance of law
and absolutely without fear of punish
ment, it is time to cease boasting of our
liberty and rights as citizens. When trav
elers on the public highways must sub
mit to insult or suffer attack at the hands
of a gang of ruffians who fear neither
molestation nor punishment, * a state of
anarchy prevails which it Is the duty of
the authorities to suppress without loss
of time." .
Captain, Anderson and His Pistol
¦ Rout Strikers. "
The prompt' action of Captain Anderson
of the Pacific Mall dock and the persua
sive eloquence of his six-shooter yester
day saved two non-union firemen from
one of those beatings for which the water
front is now becoming famous. Anderson
was coming out of a restaurant opposite
.the Mail dock when the two men were'at
tacked. There was no policeman in sight;
so Anderson interfered and arrested two
of the attacking party. ~ ,-.....
A crowd of strikers continued the at
tack on the non-union men. Anderson
pulled his revolver and threatened to kill
the first man that attempted to lay a hand
on either of the men. Tne crowd dis
persed and later Sergeant Wolfe arrested
four of the men on the charge of being
drunk. / ¦ . ; .
Captain Anderson's action averted what
might have been quite serious
The conduct of the strikers alarmed the
neighborhood, one woman telephoning to
police headquarters for assistance. Au
gust Busse, the proprietor, of the restau
rant in which Anderson had. been eating,
said that but for the captain's interfer
ence the two non-union men would have
been seriously injured or possibly killed. ,
BETRAYS HIS TRUST.
r Through the duplicity of a union sailor
picket . Captain Gunderson ' of . the . bark
Agate has lost the four remaining, mem
bers of his crew. 'The Agate is lying at
Mission-street wharf No. 2. ¦ Ship and
wharf have been carefully guarded by a
watchman employed by the captain ever
sir.-ce the vessel came alongside. On Wed
nesday evening the watchman reported
himself too sick for "duty, but introduced
a friend to the .skipper as a man that
could "be depended upon. Captain Gunder
son took his' watchman's word and ac
cepted the "friend" as a substitute.
¦ When Gunderson went, on board his
ship yesterday morning, there was noth
ing there but the cargo. -The "friend". of
the watchman/as subsequently develope.1,'
was a union sailor and had used -the op
portunity his ' trust gave . him to , go on
board; the ship 'and persuade the crew to
desert. They left with all their belong
ings. The "friend" then boarded the Czar
ina, a privilege his post as watchman
gave him. - His ; missionary work on the
collier, however, J met ' with . discourage
ment. He then deserted his post and was
not on hand yesterday morning to face
the man, whose trust he had betrayed.* /; V
QBXM WARNINGS GIVEN.
1 The forty-two laborers imported, by "the
Pacific Mail Companyifrom Ohio are. well
satisfied with their prospects in Califor
nia. They left Ohio,, they, said. yesterday,
as . non-union men and ; were quite «. sur
prised at- not being interfered with more
than they were: ' I The | cars ! were boarded
at various points by representatives of the
City Front ; Federation, who i ; Informed
them., they claim; that lynching awaited
them "in:., this'-, city. J. .- H. : • Huber. who
came out with them. Is said to 'be In the
employ, of the. City F!ront Federation. :.He
made an > effort ;. to secure work on ; the
Mail'dockfor the purpose, it is supposed,
of doing ihlBSionary work among the non
union vmen at present I lodged in ships
alongside the" wharf ...•¦ : » -¦ '. \;
ENGINEER IS ASSAULTED.
Andrew Furuseth, chairman of the ex
ecutive committee of the City Front Fed
eration, says that the boycott against cer
tain members of the Employers' Associa
tion .Is the most effective and far-reaching
ever waged on. the coast. Agents of the
unions are going through the country: try
ing to make the, boycott effective at every
hamlet and crossroads. •-•-¦ ->¦. •¦ ¦ ¦
Individual strikers, however, > kept up'
their warfare on non-union men, 'and nu
merous unfortunates who , were taken off
their guard on account of the apparent
peacefulness existing in the "danger dis
trict were given the seme sort of argu
ments—those of : the 'fist and the club— as
are meted out' to them on. workdays. -
. 1 ho Lumber r>ealers* Association has
furnished figures showing that 475 men
are employed at present in handling lum
ber at the docks and in- the yards. Sec
retary Williams of the Longshore Lum
bermen s Union says that members or
tnat union have made a thorough canvasa
or the wharves and yards and and but- 140
men at work. :
. Labor headquarters and the offlces from
which tho employers are conducting their
end of the" industrial contest .were desert
ed yesterday. Business of course, was at
a standstill, and neither side took action
either offensive or defensive so far as the
leaders were concerned. 1 '-•'•."¦- '
Leaders Make Unusual 'fif
. forts to Extend Scope
-of Boycott. -
Non - Union Men Sub
mitted to Argument
of the; Club.
STRIKERS MAKE
MANY ASSAULTS
[PATENT APPLIED TOKO
Single Number, Class "I," Drawn at
Puerto Corter, Honduras, C. A., Sat
urday, September 14, 1901.
NUMBERS
— or the—
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.)
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
- 1D0 numbers from 84.592 to 84,692. Inclusive
belnjr 50 numbers on each side ot ihlnumbe'e
drawing: the capital prize of $30,000— $40
1C0 numbers from 61.235 to 61.335, Inclusive*
being- 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing- the capital prize of $8000— $24.
ICO numbers from 86.100 to 86.200, Inclusive
being 60 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $4000-113 " umoer
TERMINAL PRIZES.
939 numbers ending: with 42. bein* the last
THE SAN FBANOISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1901.
So. PfJ2e.N0. frlM.No. Trtii.
*V£.1 Jfi;UlM U'tUtt *1
Bl'»i'! lS|»twi lU.nWri U
«i*« "• «|«»£J , lki«Wi« 14
wi* ttiviwjr. ., U\e£4» s4
VOIIJ., ...... \ W|«)2S.W.. •...,„• Z\fi»i>l 4J
MM- '18|<»w iv;;rri »»
i'xw. ....... n|tK!:v, UfiM* ii
63441 4'J«U3S. l8;ftM(^ 14 .
63633.. ...... 12ii b:;c,;7 ln|*.iRtl... M
63678 19 53S71 »N'U')!U i)
61011 8OM131 1« S4W4. .:..... 11
HVtl., ...... I1'i(M:i leMthOO 2|
84?95 • 24 647S*1 40 M7SM 14
64337 -80 643UO.,. ...... lUISiMH 49
65152 24 6.1160 lfi|S5V?l 18
65177........ 41 3519J 4n|65211. ....... U' .
65313 16 65053 24(65437 13.
6i528 166362a '•16j(C6S5 4H s
65713 ¦ 80 66OIJ 15|«!51il« IS
6811S 40^6211 40 061'SO 1J
««326 24 6CKS 24 68406 81.
66440 16 66606 24 68769 4)
66925.. .2166397.. 16 67033 21
67122... 16 67185 40 6722S 80
67868 40 67574 24 67655 :". 18
67716 24 67739 16 67*45 16
68068.. .;..„ 24 68191 40 6S2C6 '40
€8374 .-.. 40 68303 80 68507 18
68633 16 6875.51 16 6S003 40'
«8906 16 69283 24 «3322 18
69345 40 69415 " 40 HM79 Id '"•
69683..-. 40 69715 16 «9707 21
69860 ..i. 40 70000 16 70118... IS
70220........ 18 70223; 24 70^3 40
70291. .. .i. ;.;.¦¦- 16 70-JS3 24 70399 16
70634 ' SO 70S95 24 71023.. 24
71146 18 71178 . 24 71227 21
71293 1671483.... 16 71575 43
71679 40 71841 40 71905 15
71927 • 16 72021 16 72028 .16
72043.. ¦....-.. 80 72143 IS 72364 lij ¦
72379......... 16 72536 40 72329 IS
72990 • 24 73133 i... 24 73305 M
73404........ '80 73551 16 736S6 It
73720......;. 16 73746 40 70771 40,
74M4.. :.-....• .40 74312 16 74387 M
743S8.. ...... » 40 74433... 80 74648.. ! 24
74675....V... '•• 16 74S02 r 80174043 IS V
74377.. .,16 75021 24I751S5 24 •
73195..;..... .1673315 400I7302S 21
75508......;. . 24 75333 24 73S3S :t
73920 40 75373 40 76014 ' l<i
76061 J 80 76262 16 76273 SO
76370 .24 76577 16 76SOO. ........ 4J •
77002. X . .'• ; i ' 40 77071?. 40 77093 ........ 21
77170....':... .';• 16 77246 24 77330 18 ¦
n383 ;..-' 24 H515.. ....'.. 120 H590.. ....... 24
77613. 24 77737........ 24 77757 4J
77916 16 78005 16 78103 8»
78219.. ..„..-., 167S334 1678472 24
78538.. wVwi.-< 80 78633........ 16 73763 ' 1*
78764 .....;.. .-24 78333 80 78835.. 120
78309. .-.^...f/l6 78355 40 79169 1(5
"180 &E*fM7W8S 16 79291 16
79386 24 7S546. ....... 80 79674 SO
79725 2475938 40 80134 21
80133 ' 40 802S0 16130373., 16
80592 16S06S4 2180773 18
80789 ...1680879 40 80S34 IS
81071 24 S1211 "24 81236 24 •
81307 40S1314 16 81556 ...45
81605 16 81635 16 51673.'....... 4D
81739 16 81797 24 81862........ 16 .
81873 - 16 81375 .... 120 81933 : 1*0
81956 16 82002 40 82187.-. 24
82235........ 24 82304 16 82400 ' U ¦
S2502........ ) 24 82520........ 80 t SC523 2»
82536.... ..... 16S2S32 16 S3082 ¦..". 21
S3172... 16 831SS l««3iil I 14
83250 1683252 24ls327i:"*.":" 16 :
83406...:.... 24 8J678. .; 16is3722- 19
83914 16S4064 1..- ' 80184230 24T
84373...:.... 40 84475. 24 S«°9 . . 24
fiMJ .30000 84683...;.... 40184745........ S3
84883 80 S492S • SO S49SO »1
84989........ 24 85013........ 80 $51«o'. ."'.'.'.'. : h ~
&>"S 24 83226 24 85305 8J
83733..'. 16 83798 16 85939 24
85974 .4086150.. 4000 86204 & ¦
862M 16 863SO.., - 40 S831S 40 "•
8659S 168668S.. 16 86827 IS'
86879 40 87047.. :ds72S3 24
87322 2187336.. 24IS74 1 ! . 18
87495 80 87502 " 16iS73.i* 24 ,
87584 15 37712 16 87954 ' IB "
8800C 40 88165 16I8S260 "1
88337 • 40 88377 " S «n":^ &
l**£ HS8618..-: 16|8SC87 • 1«
88734 16 88S60 24 8SS91......" 34
89569 15 89613 16 SO7->3. 21
893S7 4090094 24|30m io
90331.. ....... -16 90431 16 90452... 15
90661 16 90667 24 95708 1- IS
PC88J: 16 91005 16 91073 :.: 24
"W* 16 91136... 40 31201.:...:: 1*
MS*.. ...... 16 91237 40191387 . «
9151« 24 91537 16*1562 } 4*'
»"*[• 16 915S8 24 91669:.::::: *s
40 91S9S.. ...... U 31972...::.:: 80
9222JI 16 92440 80 92578 5i
92670 16 92672 - 24 9*6S3 •!
••• -w 92985 Bootes::::::::; u
»3C4;. 16 93133 24 93223 4(1
»29;S 24 93386 '; 16 S:"":" 24
"*¦£,"• • 4093602 1633610 24
"36.0 16 93703.. 16.93740 :. 4»
|78: ¦ 18 93W7 16 93973 " 24
9399'i 24 94302 16 94401 ic
M4?!! 16 94456 40 Mm""::" ll5
»j73rt 1694763 16 94782.:* .".. 120
WSJ- 16 95106 24 95159...:::: w
316-' 16 95243........ 16 95263... 24
-24 95640 16 956S3 24
9»73t 16 95750 24 95781 X%
35865.....;.. 16 95890.......: 16 «9§"".":: ™
96075 .,24 96172 24 96341 M
9637S.. .:.... -.24 96467..;... 24 96571 ?«
¦66i? 80 96690..:.:::: IoS::::::: lo
96935 SO 96964 80 97014 *i
g«» 200O97227.....-:: Knm::::::::. «
»7«5 24 97463 16 97581...::." SO
97648... 16 97670 24 97713 24
97739. 24 97769.......: 43
mwj is 98254 : Jo 98415::::::::
IS" "98563 24 98873..::."" II
98853 16,99019 16 99023 it
wow .^~Am,......r IIS:::::::: ?«
»340 16 9956T.. 80|99672 . 1«
it 997^--."- «999«:::::::: IS
15
No. - Prize.|No. ¦ Prlze.|No, Prize.
167.. lt>| KiS... 24| 3(3 M
404....:... ll»| 4»3 16| ' j.'l... '...'.'.:' 40
•62/.. • lt>| 534 12U|' H12.. ...... 4J
8W - lo| kia.. ...... • *j\ lwo. ........ "lai
KWU bUl 115J SJ| lla< - Zi
- 12W i*) lstio ,, so| ia« '. si
1413........ lb| 1433 ' H>| Wi. ....... 24
HWJ... , • 4V| 1W4 2H| 18W.. ...... lti
W2i- lsi ista.r.. ;...*;. «4| 2it>i ' is
,L'6aO. ....... lb| 284S. ........ "16| 28SW.V; «J
ZaOo. ....... 24| 23S5 lttj 3U10 16
.3150..". 41W1 3ltt3 -'8UI 3tf8...' 40
3292........ ; 24 3318.. 16| 34U8..". ' 16
S481 16 8517....-.;. , 16| 3530 80
3608 -24 8632 . 24| 37S4 4U
3787........ ¦ -40 3793.: .24 3»3o 18
; 8990........ 16 4074 IS 413».. .- 24
4244... 120 4257 24 4269.... -80
4348.......... 80 4*64 24 4483 '. 16
4586 - 40 4885.. 8u| 488/ 13
4935......... 24 50©9 40 5039.. '40
5179........ 2415426 J. 120| 5477........ 4U
-5487..'.;.... 16 1 5621 161 6736.. '• 21
5947........ 24| 6999.. :.¦.... 16 6053.. .-24
;6079. ....... , 16 6141........ 16 6153........' 18
6262.;..,;.. 16 6267........ 4l)t- 6333 i\
6368 40 6390.... 16 6401 . 1-5
6472 16 6931........ 16 6942.'....... .24
7119..;...:. -80 7149........' 16 7165......... 18
7169 16 7246........ ' 24 7479 ... 16
7512 ! 16 7606...;".... 16 7611:.' 24
-7667 -40 7765... -....-; -'80 7375 .... 16
8054 40 8091 24 8294....;... 16
¦8386...;.... 40 8457..".;.... < 80 8541....."...- -80
9043.. 80 9199... 16 9288 .'"80
9289.. 16.9343 40 9382.... .... 16
.9438 ...16 9S74. ....... 40 9597.. 16
98S2..\...... 16 9949 ....,- 16 10053 24
10114 24 10138.". '24 10157 .16
10172... 16 10187....;... -80 10325... .24
10488........ 12010504... 40 10520. IS
10654../.'.... 24 11065........ 40 11123. S 24
11208........ 16 11419 24 11465 SO
11580...;.... 80 11639.. \. ....-• 24 11734....-;... -24
11740... 40 12029..... •....' 16 12068 16
1221J... ;.... 24 12311....:;.. . 24 12370........ 21
12567........ 16 12628....:... 120 12653..;...... 1«
12699 16 12797 16 13080.... V... 40
13160.. 16 13294 16 13296 24
13409 24 13808........ 16 13909........ 21
13935 16 14067.. 16 11343 .'24
14551 40 14622 24 14627 40
14634.. 16 14675........ 120 1470G 123
14713 24 14831........ 16 14871.. 16
14977........ 16 15108....;... ' 16 15209.;... ....~ ! 16
15429. 40 15457 24 15X3 .16
15631 16 15759 ¦.16 15760........ 16
15824 24 15S48.. ...... 16 15889........ 40
15905 :... . 24 15957......... 120 16102 :... 16
16267........ 40 16354....:... 16 16513........ 40
16600.. 40 16658...;.... 24 16633 24
16796........ SO 16874 16 17052 .-.. 24
17115 16 17118........ 16 17205 16
17260........ 16 17298 16 17313 80
17319 16 17332........ 16 17345........ 24
17350 1617474 16 17490 '.16
17610 .40 17747 16 17767...:.... '.49
17831 80 17863 24 17927........ 1*>
.18021...:...; 16 18062. 16 18086.:...... 400
18428 ' 24 18465 80 18685 ..40
18764 24 18832 400 18933........ 1C
13006 4O19072.., 24 19112 '24
19249 16 19393.......*. 24 19411 40
19414 16 1S518. ....... 8019763 24
19837 40 19856 40 19956....:... IS
20065 16 201S0 16 20203 40
20293 16 20327........ 16 20469 ..40
20931 16 20980... 24 21027. 80
21175 , ,16 21194..: 18 21199 ' 24
21224...;;... .24 21253 24 21255 , 80
21465 40 21583... ».... 24 21610 IS
£647 40 21721 16 21873.. 24
21890- - 40 22083 .24 22196 80
22229 24 22444........ 80122585... 1*5
22733 16 22754 80 22801 16
22827 .. 16 22915 16 23041 JO
23175......... '24 23244 " 16 23280 ' I 120
23297........ 120123316 24 23320 '.'. 24
23335 40 23434 16 23440....;.. 18
23637 16123X75 -16 23963,. go
23984........ 16 24025. .. 16 24034 '. 40
24106........ 24 24124 120 24276 16
»*»" 40 24491 ..16 24518.. ,16
£614 16 25040 16 25D5S 80
25068......... 80 25070 16 2&0O.. is
2*164 16 25177 24 25395 40
25399 1000 25430 40 25600.. -21
25633 24 25640;......-. 24 25S79... ....'. 16
2^f 24 26031;.. 8D 26091...... " 16
26203........ '^16 26243........ 16 26254 IS
26308 80 26323 16 26396.. '4
|S5«.-...... : ;.24 26593........ 16 26651......... Is
0^"--'-/y
f76?8 ¦24 27720 16 27730."::::::. 24
27745........ 40 27748... 24 27763 - l«
27836........ 16 2S303....:..: K VmZ£ZZ It
2835o 16 28532........ .40 2SS84 24
28ioo. ........ 2428825.. 16 28847 sa
28920 " 16 28324...:. . 40 29200* * 1«
1 iisiii
I 1 '™ •• 2*31811 :80 31968.......,: 21
1 liii 1111 1
SEE- ,s^E -S^™^
™*$ •••;¦ "34107 24 S::;:::: "
?*f" ; 24 35349........ 40I333S7....; ... 16
*£"•, S25S2— -•••¦ 16 35427.-. M
J5637 24 35690........ 24135740 • m
•^82 24135846........ 40 35863 ffi
35887 4OI35890 24 1330 '" li
85992 16136328..' ". 40 36379 •"" %
3J409... ...... ¦* 24137429.... - |o 3744? X
37592....;... 16 37603........ -16 37669 Jf
I™ -24 37885::::.-:;: 85K:c •• :?* \i
39702.. 16139709 "I 24 397m"""""' £J
39785......... -16140000. Umu""""---H
40205 40140376 & 40477 'In
40486........ 16 40588.....: .24 40622 1°,
40789........ 16140804 . ... 16 40889 - H
40953 < 24141053.. .. \ Je UllM ?»
41171 ;..: 16141264... 16 4132O '""" «
4W46... 401414(17.... irK"-"--- }?.
41720........ .24141847.... 41941 i n
42042 16142124.. 24 4«6S 'in
42224........ 16142267... . \\ «|S? •" * I
42S24....*.;- - 16142504...: ¦ lhilm.'"""' -¦ J5
42843.. 16142932 . J^ K "" ?«
4305fi 120I43063.... 16 W &
43195 40143204.. ..... 40 $31 31
43S19 80I433M. ....... 1« 1^60* " -VI
43449 24U3921.. ;-. ... lfiU^GO"" ?l
«983 40144015,2..-::: - S- }2
44123 40I44129........ 16144131 "" I,
44162 .-:• 24144312..- ' 16 44347*' ' \l
44855 16144629... 40 446^ ?2
44730 16144747. ... 16 44809""" ir
44874......... 24144917...... 1644*81 ir
45180........ 24145340 40 45O5 • A
4586!).: .24145995.... 16 46127 "" ' fa
46186 40146256.......... 16 46377 |2
46461 40I4B5O7 . ' 24 Mfitn"""" Is
4W31 24I4IW45 24 4R64»"""" M
¦6709 . ifi!4«735:..::::: •¦¦..! IS::::-- \l
4G814.. ...... M\«X\1 16146838. 24
46R62 24146978........ 24147082 A
47274........ 16147457..... • 4OU7«S 5?
474SO 16l47.i»3 ... . . - 24 47662""*" - ?B
ijfijo :: 24148021 SusSb^T:^ «
48075....:;.. 24148092........ -24148159 i«
4?19S ..80148228 . 16148485 """ \l
4S684.. 8OU8971...' 24 49107 ?2
4S>WS ".-40149128.... . 2449199 \l
«»« • ¦ 40149329 40149349:::::::: jj
43362....;:;. 16149372 J6l4M»;.' ' 40
49.-11........ 24149728...:.... 16149778.... \i
4MO0 1RI49791 40149793 40
4nR39.....:.. 16149961.. .....! :- ' lfil 4 °
snnnn v Roisowi . lfiisoio?:... i S
50170 ..- -40150388.. 40!S051f? " " 16
5ftS27 ......... 24U5O3S9.Y WZtof\i. ..'"-' ,i«
50721 ' 8Ol50Sfl9........ 16I5O376 ir
M?43 40lS139i........ ' •24I51552".; '.'."" ¦ '¦ *!i
B15R0. ........ S0lSlfit2 40(R1«74 """ .fc
51771......... 16'51778. :....:. l«t52037.. ...""- 24
6203S. ..;.;;»' V 16IS2093..:..;..- 16152100..... 21
B2122....:,.. ¦..24152177........ 40IK2214. . * 24
B2247... -...:.- • 40I5227S. ..;.... 80152304.. "" 21
523S4 . 24'524«6 40152482 "** IB
5?52« ]fi!S2336 :.-.. 12OIS26S6...."" ir,
52699.. 24l.i2729 y 40152753,... . i«
r.2940. :...... 24'K2 ( tt!J "- I«l53n34....... '4
KS172.. ......: .PftlSKWS.; ¦¦ 8H53W4 .24
S3R35.. ...... 16IF3772.. ......" lfilSSSnO " 40
K!!i-"s. ..:.:.. .- 40153914:.. ' ¦' missxi 'm
KK»7!».. ;.V....- 1R'541«3 - 24IS41M. *" "IS
B418S.. .:;.';. ,".: 1«JS42O7., 1 Ifil54233 .24
B42SS 24I543S2........ AM^m..:.. 1 :. 1«
545*7 .:. 24IR4618......... 24I54841..;.. . "15
H471S ]fi'549OO „ lf5lS4<>04.: " -t
54008 l«IS4<>70.. 1SISRO48..... " is'
55131.....;.. 24I5S177. .;..... 4OI53271 : ]({
55377 •.. :." 'l«l5S6fi2 24I5S679...... .40
R50P3. ...... lOOOlr.6117 .. 40156463;. .. .'...- ' 1«
Sfi(?n7.. ..;.:.. 40l5S619.....;.V '¦2*!56fi9O...-.r. . is'
FB749......... 16l5721«........-'.-4'>!a72. : >0 - "i'SO
S73H4 ."¦:¦ - 24IS74S2.V...... 80I574S2......" 4ft
57674..' 40157714. . .;.... 24137719. .;... 5 lfi
S787(!.. ....;.' 12fl!579ti -Jfi!."914. v ...;.. 2 4
s7wa.:.;.-...';.-4iisvs9 24i.wss...... 2.1
ssasi.. ]fil.wen ••= 4'>is«'«>i:.-.. ~~u
SRR2? -JfilSSTV.....*... 4"|S-WR4. * 41
STOfiS ¦•; 4OI.-S9S5 .-.-.. •-¦. 4A'.-MO4. .;.¦;-•¦ . 1«
S9235.. -JfilSN'S ]Rli<U?2...... IK
S.0437........ 40lsr.1i.. 2-»!S9V>4. ..;.. ](;
FafiRfi......^." 24l5">CT(J.;. ¦.:... 4Ol.W798.. '16
59S2O.. .....:-, /-1BIS9S74...... ]fiIS!W72.. 24
sons.. ......; iclfiiirrfv.... i«l«n«»4.....' . i<;
R0471.. 24'fifSO5 4<l]RfT734 24
Bn"8«.v.....;- ' i«'finS44... „... "- 24 ifiOSSil :.,...-..; »4
51132...:.... 16I612S3 8000[612S7........ :2J
rnopoiALi. ' : - .
UNIVERSITY of California— Notle« to Con-
tractors, Jiulldsn itiia Material Men— Netle*
is hctfeny given to till concerned that sealed
ITopop&ls or bids are solicited for th» Inat-
ing and plumbing of a building, la wits A
residence for the Pr«ldent of said University
at Berkeley, California, and for performing
¦ tho labor and furnishing the materials nec-
essary thercfori and said bids or proposals
Svill be received at the office of the Regent*
of the University of California, in 'the Mark
V Hopkins Institute of Art, corner of Mason
\and California' streets, San' Francisco, -Call-'
fornla, at or before 12 o'clock m. of the 30th
day of September, 1901. : '
And notice is hereby further given that
the plans and specifications of said building
and of said work to be performed and mate-
rials furnished thereon have been made and
adopted and are placed in the offlce of Al-
bert Pissis. Architect, 207 Sansome 6treet,
San Francisco, where the same may be seen
and' examined' during 1 each day from 9
o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock p. m. from this
day until 12 m. on "the 80th day. of Septem-
. ber. 1901. - . . .« .
No °- bids or proposals: will be considered
. unless the same are accompanied by a cer-
. ttfled check or a bond of said proposed In the
. sum often (10) per cent of his proposal, with
.sufficient sureties, conditioned that Mf satd-
• bid or proposal shall be ; accepted the party
proposing 1 will duly enter into a proper con-
tract to faithfully perform the duty and ob-
ligations in accordance with said proposal
am", plans and specifications, which shall be
and are hereby required to be a part of such
contract. The right to reject any and all
"bids is hereby reserved.
This notice Is grlven pursuant to an act en-
titled, "An Act to . Amend' an Act entitled,
"An Act to create and Organize the Unlver "
slty of California,' approved March 23, 1868,
- • and an Act amendatory of Section 25 thereof,
approved March '28, 1872, • relating: to the con-
. struct Ion of buildings." approved March 3,
18&7. .'.••¦ - .-...-. ¦ ;• .¦ -.
By Ord.fr of the Committee on Grounds
. and Buildings. : . ¦ • - \
W. A. McKOWEN, Acting Secretary.
" Dated September 19. 1901.. .
BIRTBS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL
•' : — .../'¦ -. '•• .
' Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have- the same published.
BOKN. '. - .
1 CHRISTIAN— In this -city, September 19, 190L
- to the wife of B. F; Christian, a daughter.
— - j£AJtB,IEDT ~~-
HESSELMEYER— HULTBERG— In Mill Val-
ley, September 18. 1901, by the Rev. Dr. E.
Nelander of > the Firet English Lutheran
Church of San Francisco. Henry T. Hessel-
meyer and Mattie P. Hultberg. both of San
' Francisco. : ' ' , . ' ¦ ¦' ' •' ' * •
riNKNEY-^GODET-In this city.' August 29,
1901, by the 'Rev. Father J." Guibert, Joseph
Pinkney and Clemence Godet both of San
Francisco. - . ' - '¦ ' " .
DIED. ; '
¦Anderson, Thomas Mathesen, Renaa
Blanton. Agnes S. Miller. Nicholas
Blum, .Raymond E. O'Connor, James H.
Cahlll, Mrs. Fannie Pendergast, I Maurice
De Lancey, George Relnoehl, John
' Ench, Frank Rothman. Dora
Gebhardt. Anna M: Stanley, Mary J.
Girard, Frank R. Sternheim. Samuel "
. Hinchman, Chas. H. Sullivan, Marsaret
McAleer, Frank Taylor, Mary J. -'
• McCann. •William "Wolff. Marie. .. "
ANDERSON- In this city. September 17, 1301,
Thomas Anderson, dearly beloved father of
Walter G. Anderson, Mrs. Frank Fredericks,
Mrs. D. H. Vail and Mrs. H. M. Gorham,. a
native of St John, New Brunswick, aged '71
jeara and 7 months.
IC?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from B'nait B'rith
Hall, 121 Eddy street, under the auspices of
Pacific Lodee No. 136, F. and A. M. • Inter-
ment private. '
BLANTON— In this city, September 19, 1901,
Agnes Sophie, dearly beloved wife of J. S.
Blanton, and mother of Dale Blanton, a na-
tive of England, aged 31 years 4 months and
22 days. . , -
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2532 McAllister street, near Stanyan.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
riage. , ¦ -'. . ... .- ...; . .,-..,.
BLUM— In this city, September 17. 1901, Ray-
mond Edward Blum, dearly beloved son of
Edward and Phoebe Blum, brother of Grace
and Robert Blum, grandson of Mrs. ¦ Lydia
de Wolf, and nephew of Joseph, Maggie and
John de Wolf, a native of South San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 years' 9 months and 27 days, a
ETFriends and .acquaintances are respect-
fully ¦ invited to attend . the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 1208 Twenty-ninth avenue south.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CAHILL— A month's mind mass will be cele-
brated., at 9 o'clock this (Friday) morn-
ing for the repose of the soul of MrB; -Fannie
Cahill at Sacred Heart Church. Fillmore and
Fell streets. . ,-_.-¦ ..
DE LANCEY— In this city, September 19, 1901,
George de Lancey, a native of Pennsylvania,
aired 73 years. • ¦ -
ENCH— In Oakland. September 17,' 1901, Frank,
beloved husband of Pauline Ench, and father
¦» of Henry, Frank, Josephine, Pauline, George
and Leo Ench, a native of Germany, aged
£6 years and 8 months. . - . ¦ ¦ ¦
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully .invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 1757 Tenth avenue. East Oakland.
Interment Elks' Plat, Mountain View Cerae-
teiy. •- . . •¦-'.¦
GEBHARDT— In this city, September 18, 1901,
Anna M., beloved wife of Wendel Gebhardt.
and mother of. Lewis and Charles Gebhardt
and Mrs. Nettie Horwinski, a native of Ger-
many, aged 73. years. . ' " .
(CTThe funeral services will be- held to-
day (Friday), at 1 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence, 959 Howard street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero .streets. . ..
GIRARD — In Oafctand. September - 18, 1901, ,
Frank R. Girard, a native of Switzerland,
aged F9 years 1 month and 15 days.
C7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday).' at 10 o'clock, at his late
residence, 692 Thirty-fourth street, Oakland.
Interment private.
HINCHMAN— In this city. September 19, 1901,
Charles H. Hinchman. beloved father of A.
A. Hinchman and the late Mrs. Blanche E.
Cook, a native of New York City, in the
eighty-fourth year of his .age.
McALEER— In this city, September 18, 1901,
Frank, beloved husband of Julia McAleer,
nnd father of Ella, Josephine and Mary L.,
McAleer, a native of Ireland. '
lE?'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1218 Hampshire street, thence to St
. Peter's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
. terment Holy Cross Cemetery. •
McCANN— In this city, September 19, 190L
„ William McCann, a native of County Tyrone,
Ireland, asred 77 years.
tcyThe funeral will take place in Dlxon,
. Solano County, Cal., Saturday morning-, from
St. Peter's' Church. .' x
MATHESEN— In Alameda, September 19, 1901,
¦ Renas, beloved son of Anna • Mathesen, and
brother of "William and Charles Mathesen and I
Mrs. John F. Rasmussen, a native of Den-
mark, aged 42 years 9 months and 8 days. ' ¦
MILLER— In- the City and County Hospital;
September 19, 1901, Nicholas Miller, a native
of Pennsylvania, aged 61 years. '-. . • .
O'CONNOR— In this city, September 19, 1901,
James H. O'Connor, a native of California,
azed 40 years.
PENDERGAST— In this city, September 18,
1D01. Maurice Pendenrast, a native of Ire-
land, aged 55 years. . ¦• ¦¦
(O'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
¦ of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mls-
' sion street. .- Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
REINOEHL— In this city, September 19, 1901,
John, beloved husband of Annette Reinoehi,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 50 years.
ROTHMAN— In this city, September 19, 1901,
. Dora Rothman, beloved' wife of Henry- K.
Rothman. mother I of Joseph, Albert and
; Michael Rothman, daughter of. Abraham and
:.. Caroline. Franklin,- and sister of Annie, Min-
nie, Julius and Abraham Franklin, Mrs. Gro-
ver, Mrs. •• Sllvey and Mrs. Manning,- a native
. of San Francisco, aged 31 > years and 6
months. •' '. .-- - ¦¦¦-,-,• , ¦-,
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect- ¦
fully invited to attend :¦ the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence i
' of her mother. -840 Greenwich street, thence
to Third ' and Townsend streets by 11:30
o'clock train. Interment New Salem Ceme-
• tery. '¦!¦< '• ¦ - - -- ¦' •¦ \- ' ¦:¦-• ., ¦
STANLEY— In this city, September 19, 1901,
Mary J. Stanley, beloved mother of Mrs.
Sarah Sink, and grandmother or Florence E.
Sink, a . native of England. ¦
STERNHEIM-^tn!thls city,"8eptember 19, 1901
Samuel, beloved husband of 'Rose Sternheim
and father of Benjamin and Blanche Stern-
helm, and brother of Mrs. S. Kohlman, ¦ a na- I
tlvc of .Huinstadt,-. Baden, ; aged 61 year's 11 '
- months and. 9 days. . . . - -..,.:.
, - E7Frlen<l3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully 'invited to attend the. funeral Sunday,
- September 22, at 10:15 o'clock, from his late •
'¦ residence,- 1728 Bush ; street. - Interment Home-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
. . (Successor to Fla'hnagaii'dS Gallagher.)' '"'
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, MgrJ -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3 '
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. - *
, Telephone South 80. '. _ . "
Alt. Olivet Cemetery f
. - Ban Mateo ¦ County. ; • ';,'.* v
OFFICE 016 MARKET STREET. '
; . J. HENDERSON. Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. 8 ¦
Samuel. McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United- Undertakers' Association: - M. '
J. McBrearty, with' the same company for >
10 years; P.. F.- Green, late .with j.. C.
O'Connor & Co., have opened* new Funeral '
Parlors at 1171 Mission street; /between Sev-
enth and Eighth. '• Telephone ¦ South 44. ' «¦
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
IU3AL I5STATH.
llAnaAINit: improved A unimproved property
acqultpd hy foi-pclonurg: % ra»h. Bank of Ala.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAM) FDRMTUltB FOR SALE.
AN' introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
FOtt* housekeeping. .
CALIFORNIA, 1527— Sunny furnished • house-
- keeping rooms to let; gas and bath.
ELLIS. 1161. near Gough— 3 or 4 unfurnished
rooms In a new flat: gas and bath.
GEARY. S13%— Two. three or four furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath, gas range.
HOWARD. 1058-Nice room and kitchen com-
plete for housekeeping. ; i . ¦ ¦
HOWARD. 1703— A nicely furnished bay-win-
dow room for housekeeping; also single one.
JESSIE. 478. near Sixth— Nice furnished rooms
¦ for light housekeeping. ....
LEAVENWORTH,- 1010— Two large nicely fur-
: nished rooms, complete for housekeeping; gas.
NEW modern apartment house; . suites of 3 V
1 • rooms for housekeeping. Malor Flats. 631
Turk st. .
O'FARRELL. 332— A handsomely furnished par-
lor floor of 3 rooms; light housekeeping If de-
slred. .
POLK. 1002^ — 3 and 6 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
SDCTH, 242—1 to 3 nice rooms suitable for
housekeeping; also other rooms.
THE Bell, 1773 Market— 2 sunny housekeeping
rooms, gas range. $10; one single, $6.
TURK. 625— Solar flats, fine,, new, Chicago
etyle: 3 and S room suites for housekeeping;
unfurnished and furnished; elec, hot water.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st . ' • .-
noOMS TO LET Kiirn. and Cnfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms. EOc up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK • HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant sunny:
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle: take McAUIster-st. cars.
AT Shasta House. 246 ihird-200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c. $1 to $3 week.
A— OCTAVIA, 28. 1 block from Market— Large
room, 10x10, for single gentleman; $8 month."
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Maspn St.— 100 newly fur-
nlshed rooms, % 1 E0 per week up; elevator,
electric lights In every room, return call belli;
first-class: quiet; central. —
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rms.. fultes. single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, .2026 — Large sunny alcove bedroom in
Fmall family; reasonable; . reference. : '
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 732 — Nice clean room; private family;
- breakfast optional ; central; modern flat.
ELLIS. 639. cor. Larkin— Sunny furnished room,
folding bed; for L $6; 2, $8.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single: travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 621-Sunny furnished
rooms; reasonable.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
et, near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
EOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st .
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
LARKIN, 715 — Newly and handsomely fur-
• nished sunny single or double rms. : all front
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; single rooms. $10 up.
MISSION. 930»4. Laurel Hpuse— Rooms to let;
no transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.
NINTH. 9.1— Two nice sunny furnished rooms..
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offlces; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POLK, 603— Sunny euite and single room.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
JS; month. $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER, 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles ?2 to $5 per week; transient
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call hranch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS WASTED.
"WANTED by 2 adults, 3 or 4 unfurnished
I rooms; east of Van Ness and north of Eddy;
\ references. Box 462, Call.
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable In price:
. suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy*tt, near, Leavenworth.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, single ind en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE NIARA, 615 Taylor st (formerly the
Clairmount) has changed hands. MRS. MAY
BOOKER has thoroughly renovated and re-
furnished the house; rooms single or en suite,
with or without board; home cooking; refs.
BOARDING— MRS. K. A. D'ARCY has taken
charge of the dining-room of The Niara, 615
Taylor St., and it Is under her personal super-
vision; family or transient; home cooking.
ALMORA, Twentieth and Mission— Sunny cor-
ner suite, newly furnished, $60; smaller suite,
$59; house modern; American cooking. -
A SUNNY suite, with excellent board; mod-
ern; also table board. 1184 Ellis; reference.
California. 807— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL. 605 (Johnson House)— Sunny con-
servatory suite and others; excellent board.
POST, 729 — Exceptional rooms and board;
beautiful grounds; table board given to few
6elect parties: refs. MRS. J. CALHOUN.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
MARRIED couple- (no children) ! want sunny
room and. board In private family; terms not
to exceed $45; • references. I Box • 489, Call.
SPECIAL KOTICE9.
ODD Fellowe' Cemetery Association— The an-
nual meeting of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery will be held on MONDAY.
September 23. 1901, at 2 p. m., at the offlce
of the association. Point Lobos ave:, for the
election of Trustees, etc. By order of the
Board cf Trustees. ..
GEORGE T. BOHEN. President
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; -collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st. rooms 9-10; tel, 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. EH Pine.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage ' and - Moving Co.,
of flee Post, and Powell gts.; tel. Main 5713..
, GOLDEN WEST" Storage .Warehouse, 840 Mis-
'eion st; tel. Howard 841. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 7i2 Mission st;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates. ~. .
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
;TO LEASE..
WANTED to lease for 3 or 5 years', a dairy of
from 20 to 60 cows; correspondence solicited
- In regard to same. Address box 457. Call.
TVPE WRITERS AXO^SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS-Wo
eell better machines for less money .than any
.-• house in the city: rentals. $3. "The Typewriter
Exchange. 53C California;. telephone Main 26S.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
.figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ¦
HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLANTATION. CO.—
- Dividend notice— Dividend No. 55 (twelve and
one-half cents per share) will be payable at
the offlce of the company. 327 Market st, on
and after Friday. "September. 20, 1901.. Trans-
fer books close Saturday/September 14, 1901,
' at 12 o'clock m, H. W. THOMAS, Sec
?I noxANZA ron bxap ulnteiu.
FlANOtf,
} «oi.d upright, V'i 1 better, Ml.
t good r 1 ftii'i*. sn:>. $19i.
I ui.ritht*. 1 iris, 11:.:.. $U). l'.r>, fltS.
Also Conovrr, PJelnway. Wcbef, Vow, Curt»t
IXrJirr 7tro«., Pease. t-tauUaid, Uttla uasd.
OnOANB, —~~
1 «-stop. SJ9; 1 7-rtop, 144.
I 7-*top, US: 1 fin* like new, $64.
1 2-tnanuat. IT?: 1 IG-stop. Llfzt stylt.
Mss.'Pii ft. Hat.iUn, vrr.v fine, S'.M.
Cafy paym^nU. RENJ. CURTA55 & SON
JC OTarrell ft. Chlckcrlng Agency.
14.000 «|. feet; largest and oldest piano house.
ALL plant* purchased of BHKRMAN CLAY &
CO. may be exchRnsed for a- new f teinway
tiprlcht or hal_iy pranJ piano any time within
I years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright nlanor. (I per
month; some cood pianos told tor 11 u and
15 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY '£. CO
tteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
fts.. San Francleco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth »t.. Oakland. »"w«r ana
ALL hiphest Krades Bold by Heine Piano Co
sole accr.tF for famous and oldest American
n-.ake*. Ir.cludlnc Hallet-Davls: rreat bar-
Kaln list. 550 up: Eteinway. J1S5 vrr. Ktecher
SIM: Chickerlns. $165; 20 others, rents J* ««•
great Inducements to agents. Z17 Geary" st
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tln>»
within 3 years and full purchase price, al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; eoets you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from ns. KOHLER £ CHAE2. »0 O'Farrell
it.; established 1850. vrarreii
PIANOS— Steck. Everett. Hardman. Packard
Ludwig and others: 20 different f^orterSeih
B. ALLEN CO.. 833 Market St. (opp. Mason):
branch ftore. 8B1 Broadway. Oakland.
ATTENTION. PIANO BUTERsT ~
Pohmer. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. 'Lester. Ham-
ilton and Eptelman pianos to be had new
cr.'.y at BYRON MAUZY-S. 303. S10. 313 1 Pos?
A FIXE upright tfrand Spencer piano: almost
new; very cheap. Address box <20. Call. .
T50— Emerson and 7 bargain uprights and baby
grand. Fays Piano -Factory. 1729 Mission.
SQUARE piano, etool and cover, for «ale, 1«A
nitn «t.
> W ANTED— Upright piano, first class make
and condition; cash. 1953 Pine et
LEF J £* f ale — Novella upright. J37: Stelnway
upright, nc Boom 38. 217 Geary at.
ETEINWAY. J200; Hartman. J100;' elegant new
pianos. U50 up. W. C. Hamilton, g Flood bldg.
ELEGANT piano as good as new: standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung*«. 21S McAllister. ¦
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Tprk sU. sear Market—
Ehonlnger. Schubert and Ste'.nway bargain*.
W AND upward— Fine uprighti". PIERCE'3
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sta.
A SPECIAL for this we?k— UvO piano for 1275. '¦
BRUENN. Kg Post 6t.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. « per
ma. . SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. S60 Hayes.
6TTPERIOR violins, eithers, old and new. H.
MTTLLER. maker, repairer. I Latham place..
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
FCHMTTZ. U MFAIllKter >=t. ¦ ¦
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
TENDERS are wanted for removing brick walL
For Information arplr at office of Rlsdon Iron
"Works. Beale and Howard sts.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
TO Lease — 3 sunny lofts or separate. 55x60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
ply COLLINS. 530 Mission 6t.
Oil*. ¦
CIl« tanks. Fecond-nand. In good order; all
sites; cheap. H. S. WHITE. BU Mlraion st.
_^J^A^XTKIjMS^JUVIJ^JDKCO It ATO R S.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Sd; tel. Red Sail.
AXD SURGEONS.
'2R. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021^ Market Et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human 'body: see
testimonials at office. 115-11" Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb Coctor: sanitarium.
764-766 Clay St.; see testimonials at office.
DR. KG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opp.
union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
PAX.MISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, scientific pa^nlst; head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones et.
: PERSONALS.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
%2 50 Der bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia St.. S. F. ; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms;
r5c to Jl 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
Iree 'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
(1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. fl5 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market Et.. between Seventh and Eighth.'
WHITE enamel Iron beds single, three-quarter
or double. ?2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. ¦ 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway. .
McKINLEY'S photo: best in existence. P. F.
DANA, studio 632 Market st.
Dixon's Permarent Superfluous Hair Remover at
druggists', hairdressers'. Free trial. S35 Market.
A — If your hair is falling or you are bald, call 011
Dr.I.G. .Moore. 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
EUPERFLUjOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1118 Sutter st.
OBESITY cured: no dieting; no weakening. THB
A' VIP A CO.. 736 Valencia St.. bet. 18th and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn care; 25c; all druggists. •
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
f AILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 SO.
t \ Ulsfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
CLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. £17 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
¦ PLANING AXD CTRXIXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory TurniA. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont St.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
I AM Instructed to make a purchase of a
property; on Valencia, Mission. Howard.
Guerrero or Dolores fl, and ask owners
who wish to sell to submit properties on said
rtreets. W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near cor. Waller and Stelner.
GEO. H. MOORE, 63 Portola Et.
tlX, seven anfl elrht room cottages: also two
flat houses in block between 17th. 18th. Castro
and Not ets.; %. cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro cr Guerrero-at. cars. F. NEL-
60N. builder. ¦
SPLENDID bargain— Large double house and
cottage; house 2S4-S86 San Jose ave (corner
Twenty-cirth st); cottage 3608 Twenty-sixth:
desirable sunny corner. Address Box 2S0. Call.
FOR sale— Sacrifice; nice flats; Liberty st:
choice neighborhood- Owner, box 349. CalL
WELL-BUILT modern 7-rootn residence, with
bath: 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mission.
REAL. ESTATE— COPNTR.T-— For^Sale
SPECIAL bargain— 160 acres land, near Yuba
?-City Butter County, short* distance from
f Marycvine; all rich valleyvland under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
lenced- this land will be. Bold in whole or In
pert at a »rery low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; .rich valley land; good
buildings; veil fenced; short distance from
Yuba City. Sutter County; will be sold In
whole or in part to suit purchaser, and at an
? xtremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated in tn# heart of the fruit rrow-
irr district of Northern California and should
be seen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 4980. Call office,
for Information a bargain wilt be given.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO-^
Email tracts. $60 to $30 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.: future value assured, as
San Francisco is growinff rapidly: location
best for poultry and genera! farming. "Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California St.. for pam-'
phlets and information. . . • . •-.- ¦ ¦ * :
FOR bargains In timber land, fruit
suburban lots, farms, all through the btate;
also larre list of desirable city sites. See
The Phelps Lewis Co.. 702 Market St.
CHICKEN and hog ranch for sale; place for
sale or rent; chickens, hogs, horse, ewlll
waron. -etc.; about $450. C. WILMOTT. 816
Market gt--- '¦' ¦' -
HOG ranch to exchange for city property. Par-
ticulars apply 12 Vache st. off Crescent ave.
j:;00— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres: El
Dorado County, .near R. R. . Box -222. Call.
CHOICE fa T3 bargains; call or »emt for- list."
Wooster. Whltton & ' Montgomery. C34 Market.
I'OULTRY- and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list, g. R. WINPIELP. Petaluma. Cal.
CHFAPEST and best In America— The .Weekly
CaH. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
1 •xA\pA Ftel** f<r Canada «*n» vwr for, fl. •
BE \VI»*O MACHIXES ASP SUPPLIES:
A^i. kinds bought soldTrented. exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; Te--
calrtmr;' lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145.6th.
AUCTION SALES
The Weekly Call.
-•ONE DOLLAR PER YEAB
¦ *\_^- FOR SALE OR • EXCHANGE : •
' 4rt^ FOR 'HORSES, two. ; four and < W«^=a*
six horse " : wagons, ' ¦ wheel, .' '• JTresno, ." slip ¦ and
buck scrapers, road plows, all sizes, stable
tents, etc.. FRED H. CHASE & CO., 1732 Mar-
ket sty S.F. . ,. . : ,"
-DELICIOUS .
! 15 years established 'sale %
A -. blend of the best, grades of
Oriental .Coffee ... . . .'. . . Mocha arid Java
Oceanic "............ Genuine Kona
Occidental " Colima & Costa , Rica
combined with' just sufficient Vienna Fig
Flavor to give color, strength and flavor,
ensuring a perfect cup ordelicious coffee,
without the bitter taste of chicory, or the
"something lacking" of pure coffee only.
The most wholesome coffee on this. mar-
ket, especially intended - for- delicate^or
weak stomachs. ' ' "\ !
We . roast and grind every day-—
35c ib., 3 lbs. $i.bo!
Serve afternoons this coffee made in
the famous China Vienna.' . Coffee Pot.
Market St., bet. 7 &8; Telphone Mint 761?
. of Peace Cemetery, by train' leavinsr Third
- and Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock. ¦
SULLIVAN— In this city, September 18. 1301,'
.Margaret, infant' daughter .of Eugene and
..Lizzie Sullivan, and sister of Michael, James
and Kugene Sullivan, a. native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 months and.' 23 days.
. (C?'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
¦,„• fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Friday), at -1:30 o'clock, from the
..of the parents, S23 Pennsylvania- avenue, be-
tween Twenty-fifth and Army streets. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. - ' ; - - -.
TAYLOR— In .this ..city," September 19, 1901,
Mary Jane Taylor^ beloved mother of Harvey
¦ Taylor of Hearst a'nd Mrs. O. J. Joly, a na-
tive of New York City, aged 63 years.
WOLFF— In - this city, . September 18, 190l|
Marie, relict of the late William Wolff. 1 and
- beloved mot her of Julius Wolff, asred 72
. years. (Boston and Concord, N. H., papers
please coi>y.) . . . • . .
C?Nottce> of funeral hereafter. - • •NEW YORK, Sept 19.— Members of the
Masonic fraternity of this city and their
families filled Masonic Temple to over
flowing to-night at a memorial service.
In every .city, town and village and ham
let in Long Island and New Jersey the
day .was appropriately observed. ¦ After
dark this evening the streets of New York
City . were practically deserted. None of
the theaters and other/ places of amuse
ment were open, and darkened windows
were the rule in all sections of the city.
Masons Hold Services.
CHICAGO Sept. 19.— Locked up in a
heavy barred vault in Captain: Porter's
private office in the quarters occupied by
the United States Secret Service Bureau,
according to Detective | Gallaher, is the
handkerchief In which Anarchist Czol
gosz concealed his weapon when firing
the shots that killed President McKinley.
The tragic relic was brought to Chicago
from Buffalo by Detective Gallaher, who
is attached to the. Chicago branch of the
secret service. It .will be taken- later on
to the trial of the assassin at Buffalo, to
be used as evidence before the jOry which
tries him. A study of the piece of cloth
has led to the startling discovery that lt
is a woman's handkerchief. It is an ordi
nary fabric of white cotton, such as can
be purchased at any Chicago store for 5
cents. ¦ "
x Just why the Chicago secret service of
ficer has retained the handkerchief when
all the other articles in evidence have
been surrendered, to the Buffalo . police is
a mystery which Captain Porter and De
tective Gallaher refuse to explain. The
handkerchief is not only an important
piece of evidence, but may also serve as a
clew, to the identity of the assassin's ac
complices. _•¦ - ¦ '
Handkerchief Used to Conceal
the Revolver.
Detectives May Trace Them Through
POSSIBLE CLEW
TO ACCOMPLICES
The services at the Catholic churches
were elaborate and touching, as they were
at the Grace Reformed *€hapel, where
President Roosevelt worshiped when a
resident of Washington.
General H. V. Boynton read the Presi
dent's proclamation and he recalled the
words of Garfield on hearing of Lincoln's
assassination: "God reigns, and the Gov
ernment at Washington still lives."
Rev. John Paxton was the speaker of
the day at the New York-avenue Presby
terian Church, his theme being "It Is
God's Way." "This is not an indignation
meeting," said Dr. Paxton. "but a funeral
service, not to curse assassins and advo
cate lawlessness in exterminating lawless
ness."
instruments, typewriters, elevators, in
deed, all the appurtenances of business
throughout the capital were for the time
noiseless and- the great city was as quiet
as a prayer at midnight. ¦ • • -
To the people of Washington the late
President McKinley .was more than an
official— he was their kindly guardian—
and they rendered their tributes of re
spect with their whole hearts. .The peo
ple in accordance. with President Koose
velt's "¦ proclamation repaired to tneir.
churches to attend the memorial services, ,
and rarely have • the places of .worship
been so crowded. All denominations-
Protestant, Catholic and Jew— united in
The" Metropolitan M. E. Church, where
Mr. McKinley worshiped, was the center
of interest, and here the services were
more impressive than elsewhere. The
President's seat was draped in black ana
left vacant. It waa originally set apart
for President Grant and has ever since
borne tho inscription, "Our President.
The crowd could not be accommodated In
the main body of the church, and a sec
ond Service progressed in the lecture hall.
Bishop Waring and Dr.' Crawford spoke
in each place. The services were presided,
over bv Rev. Dr. Naylor, assisted by Dr.
Hugh 'Johnson of Baltimore, the former
pastor of the church, and Rev. George B.
Teach. The hymns were the favorites of
the late President. A tribute' was read
by Bishop Cranston. One significant ut
terance by Dr. Crawford was ' that the
President's words when Czolgosz was as
saulted would do more for law and order
than anything that had been said for a
generation.
The services at the Episcopal Pro-
Cathedral also were elaborate and impres
sive.. They were personally conducted by
Bishop Satterlee, assisted by Rev. Dr.
Devrles. rector of St. Mark's, and Chap
lain Pierce of the One Hundred and Fif
teenth Infantry, U. S. A. The bishop's
address was poetical and brief.' He. felt
called, he said, to sound a note of warning
against the unshielded and unprotected
position in which the American people
leave their chief magistrate and to re
proach them, rather than the "ignorant,
plotting anarchists, for the third tragedy
in the nation's history."
Justice Brewer of the United States Su
preme Court delivered the principal ad
dress at the First Congregational Church.
His keynote was the need- of impressing
upon all Americans the necessity of ; a
personal respect for the law. He depre
cated the general suggestions that the
people take the law into their own hands
and put every anarchist speedily to death.
While anarchy may be the extreme of law
lessness, he said, every breaking of the
law breathes, though in a slighter degree,
the same spirit of lawlessness. It was the
duty of the citizens to show by their own
conduct and example that social order was
the culmination of human happiness.
At All Souls Unitarian Church Carroll
D. Wright, Commissioner of Labor, was
the principal speaker, though Secretary
Long, when called, responded with a few
brief remarks, eloauejit with praise for
the memory of.* the dead. President.
Wright's address was reminiscent of per
sonal memories of the late President, and
he drew interesting parallels between his
career and those of Lincoln and Garfleld.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 19.— The city gave
evidence in most impressive manner that
Its heart was with Canton in the solemn
hour of President McKinley's funeral. At
exactly half-past 2 o'clock (half-past 1
in Canton) the city ceased from labor,
practically from locomotion, for five min
utes. There was no oGtfcial proclamation
requiring sucji observance of the funeral
hour, nor had there been any general
agreement for such observance: but when
the hour came as If by common instinct
men. women and childrex*- white and
black, came to a sudden halt In whatso
ever they were engaged and sat or stood
as still as statues wherever they chanced
to be. Street car traffic was suspended
and. the cars with their passengers en
gaged in silent service, which 'caused
spectators to look on as, If it were "the
hush of being newly born." Telegraph
tional Capital Where McKinley
Worshiped.
Sad Tributes in the Church at the Na-
PRESIDENT'S SEAT
DRAPED IN BLACK
MANILA. Sept. 19.— There 'were impres
sive civil, military and naval observances
here to-day in honor of the late President
MoKinley. The mourning was universal.
Most of the business houses were closed.
After a service at the palace the mllitary
csccrted the civil officials to the Luneta,
where all the available troops, sailors and
marines were assembled and paid honors
to the late President in the presence of
thousands of spectators. The fleet at
Cavite ealuted. Chief Justice Arellano, in
an address, said all the Filipinos abhorred
the crime and that the death of the great
ajid good President would cement the
friendship of Americans and Filipinos.
Priests in many parts of the archipelago
conducted services in honor of the dead.
The churches were crowded.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Sept, 19.— A me
morial service was held at 10 o'clock this
morning at the Oriental Theater in honor
of the late President McKinley. The hall
is the largest auditorium in the city and
it was packed. All the American officers
wore full uniform and side arms. A troop
of cavalry from Morro Castle, the civil and
municipal officers, the foreign consuls, the
Judges, students from the state institu
tions, employes of the sanitary depart
ment, the entire American colony and a
thousand Qibans of all classes were pres
ent, notwithstanding the fact that It was
raining heavily. Hundreds were unable
to gain admission and remained outside
in the drenching rain throughout the ser
vices, which consisted of addresses made
by the prominent Americans and Mayor
Bacardi. The theater was draped inside
and out with flags and black cloth. All
Eubllc and private business was suspended
lor the day.
In the New Possessions.
DENVER. Sept. 19.— All business was
suspended in this city to-day while the
services over the remains of William
McKinley were in progress at Canton. A
salute was fired every half hour. Memo
rial services were held this forenoon in
all the schools and churches. This after
noon a large funeral procession, headed
by General Irving Hale as grand mar
shal, marched to the- Capitol grounds,
where 25,000 people participated In im
pressive memorial - services. Addresses
were made by Governor James B. Orman,
Hon. Charles Hartzell and United States
Senator Teller. A large chorus sang the
favorite hymns of the late President and
taps were sounded by Milton N. Camp
bell, a trumpeter in Major McKinley's
regiment.
BUFFALO. N. T.. Sept. 19.— To-day was
very generally observed here as ono of
mourning and prayer. In all the
churches of the city memorial services
%vere held. A union service was hold in
Delaware-avenue M. E. Church. Btshpp
C. X. Fowler, a personal friend of the
deceased President, delivered the. memo
rial - sermon. , ' '•
CINCINNATI, Sept. 19.— At the hour of
the McKinley funeral in Canton to-day
all business was suspended. Music Hall
was packed for an organ recital of fu
neral music before 11 a. m.- Then, fol
lowed the memorial meeting, presided
over by Mayor Julius Fleischmann. who
was. a member of McKinley 1 s staff when
the latter was Governor of Ohio. The
Catholic festival chorus rendered "Lead,
Kindly Light," "Nearer. My God, to
Thee." and other numbers, the audience
joining in singing "America." The
feature of the occasion was the address
cf Senator J. H. Foraker.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Sept. 19.— Exactly at
1:50 p. m. every wheel on .the Pennsylva
nia and Hocking Valley and allied lines
stepped for ten minutes. In the large
auditorium 5000 people gathered. Ad
dresses were made by President Thomp
son of the State University, Allen W.
Thurman. H. J. Booth, Congressman
EiEcset Tompkins, Judge G. H. Stewart
and Dr. Washington Gladden. '
Where President Met Death.
immense band played the "Dead March
From Saul" and similar music. The scene
presented in this historic hall was a mem
orable one.
All business was stopped during the en
tire dav In both Kansas City. Mo., and
Kansas City. Kans. Heartfelt Borrow was
apparent everywhere. In the morning sep
arate services were held in all churches
and in the lodge halls of various socie
ties.' Delegates to the "Allied Third par
ty" conference were addressed by Jo A.
Parker of Kentucky, Dr. J. E. Chambers
of St. Louis and J. H. Cook of Carthage,
Mo., and passed suitable resolutions.
Continued From Page Seven.
ANARCHY A FOE.
GUNS BOOM A REQUIEM AND BUGLES
SOUND "TAPS" FOR NATION'S DEAD
But he has gone where the redeemed are . .
j keeping . . ; -
'A "festival above.
The mourners throng the ways and from ;
the steeple ¦ ¦ • --T."
The funeral bells toll slow; - .
But on the golden streets the holy people
Are passing to and fro, ¦
- And saying aa they meet, 'Rejoice,' . .
Another long, waited for is come. : ¦ ¦
' " The Savior heart is glad, a younger
... brother ¦ ¦ . - ; -" '
Has reached the father's home." .
The cause of this universal mourning: Is to
be found in the man himself. The inspired
penman's picture of Jonathan, likening mm
unto the "Beauty of, Israel," could not be
more appropriately employed than in chanting
the lament of our fallen chieftain.; It does no
violence to human speech, nor is it fulsome
eulogy to speak thus of him, for who that Has
seen his stately bearing, his grace and manli
ness of demeanor, his kindliness of aspect,
but gives assent to this description of him. It
was characteristic of our beloved President
that men met him only to love him. ™ h fy
might indeed differ: with him. but in the
presence of such dignity of character anil
grace of manner, none could fall ¦ to love the
man. The people confided in him. believed in
him. It was said of Lincoln' that probably no
man since the daysr of Washington waa, ever
eo deeply Imbedded and enshrined in the hearts
of the people, but it Is true of McKinley In a
larger sense. Industrial and social conditions
are such that he was, even, more than Ws
predecessors, the friend of. the whole people. ,
: Touching Scene in Church.
A touching seine was enacted in this church
last Sunday nl*ht. The services had 'closed.
The worshipers were gone to their homes.
Only a few lingered to discuss the sad event
that brings u»' together to-day. Three men .in
working garb of a foreign race and unfamiliar
tongue entered the room. They approached tho
altar, kneeling before it and before his pic
ture. • Their lips moved as if In prayer, while
tears furrowed their cheeks. They, may have
been thinking of their own King Humbert and
of his untimely death. Their emotion was elo
quent, eloquent , beyond speech, and Jt boro
testimony to their . appreciation of maniy
friendship and of honest worth.- '
It is a glorious thing to be able to say _ in
this presence, with our illustrious dead be
fore us, that he never betrayed the conndence
of his countrymen. Not for personal gain _or
pre-eminence would he mar the beauty of his
soul. He kept lt clean and white before God
and man, and his hands were unsullied by
His eyes looked right . on and his eyelids
looked straight .'before him. _ He was sincere,
plain and honest. Just, benevolent juid kind.
He never disappointed- those who believed In
him, but measured up to every duty < and met
every responsibility in . life grandly and un
flinchingly. • ¦ - . j , •':
Not only was our President brave, heroic and
honest; he was as gallant a knight as ever
rode the lists for his lady love in the days
when knighthood- was in flower. It is but a few
weeks since the nation looked on with tear
dlmmed eyes as it saw with what tender con
jugal devotion he sat at the bedside of his
beloved wife, when all feared that a fatal Ill
ness was upon her. No public clamor that he
might show himself to the populace, no. de
mand of a social function was sufficient to
draw the lover from the bedside of his wife.
Ho watched and'walted while we all prayed—
and she lived. This sweet and tender story all
the world knows. And the world knows that
his whole life had run in this one groove of
love. It was a strong arm that she leaned
upon and It never failed her. , Her smile was
more to him than the plaudits of the multitude
and for her' greeting- his acknowledgments of
them must wait. After receiving the fatal
wound his first thought was that the terrible
news might be broken gently to her. May
God In this deep hour of sorrow, comfort her.
May his grace be greater than . her anguish.
May the widow's God.be her God., •
Beauty of Character.
Another beauty of the character of our Presi
dent, that was a chaplet of grace about his
neck, was that he was a Christian." - In . the
broadest, noblest sense of the • word, that was
true. His confidence In God. was strong and
unwavering. It held him steady in many a
storm, where others wera driven before- the
wind and tossed. He believed in the father
hood of God and in his sovereignty. His faith
In the gospel of Christ was deep and abiding.'
He had no patience with any other theme of
pulpit discourse. "Christ and him crucified'.',
was to his mind the only panacea for the
world's disorders. He believed it to , be; the
supreme duty of the Christian minister to
preach the word. He said, "We do not look for
great business men to the: pulpit, '¦' but ; for
preachers." It- is well known that 'his godly
mother had hoped for him that : he would be
come a minister of the gospel and that she
believed lt to be the highest vocation In > life.
It was not, however, his mother's faith, that
made him a Christian. He had gained in early
life a personal knowledge of Jesus which guided
him in the performance of greater duties and
vaster than have been the lot of any other
American President. I He said at one time."
while bearing heavy burdens, that he could
not discharge the dally duties of his life -but
for the fact that he had faith in God.' ,. • ¦ '¦ .
William McKinley believed In prayer. In the
beauty of it, in the potency of it. Its language
was not unfamiliar to him,' and his public ad
dresses not infrequently evince • the* fact.". It
was perfectly consistent -with his life-long con
victions and his personal experiences that * ha
should say as the. first critical moment after
the assassin approached; "Thy kingdom come,
thy .will be done," and that ' he . should declare
"at the last. "It's God's way; his will be done."
He lived grandly; lt was fitting that he should
die grandly. And now that the majesty of
death has touched and calmed him we find
that in his supreme moment he was still a
conqueror.
My friends and countrymen,*. with what Ian- ¦
guage shall I attempt to give expression to
the deep horror of our souls as I speak of the
cause of his desith? When .' we. consider the
magnitude of the crime that has plunged the
country and the world into unutterable ; grief
we are not surprised that one nationality after
another has hastened td repudiate the dread
ful act. This gentle spirit, who hated no one,
to whom • every man was. a brother, was sud
denly smitten by the cruel hand of an assassin
and that, too. while In the very act of ex
tending a kind and generous greeting to one
who approached him under the- sacred guise
of friendship;
Mystery of Providence.
Could the assailant have realized how awful
was- the act . he was about to perform, how
utterly heartless the deed, methinks he would
have stayed his hand at the very threshold-of
it. In all the comlne years men will seek In
vain to fathom the > enormity of that crime.
Had this man who fell been a despot, a tyrant,
an oppressor, an Insane frenzy to rid the world
of him might have sought excuse, but . It ; was
the people's friend ¦who fell when 'William Mc-
Kinley received the fatal ; wound. Himself ¦ a
son of toll, his sympathies were with the Roller.
No one. who has seen the matchless ¦ grace and
perfect ease with, which he greeted such ; can
ever doubt that his heart was in his open hand..
E?very heart throb was for his countrymen.
That his life should be sacrificed at such time;
Just when there was abundant peace, when all
the Americas were rejoicing together.- is .. one
of the inscrutable mysteries of Providence.
LJke many others. It must be . left .- for . future
revelations to explain. - i • :• ¦ ., '.-., • . .. .
j In the midst of our sorrow, we have much" to
console us. He lived to see 'his nation greater
than ever before. All sectional' lines ; are blot-
Roanoke c'ltye.-TIoneyranfl . Ilorehound.
¦Get it." 'You'll i not regret ".: it. \-: : - - •- ,
¦ ';'-'•¦ ;*••• ' ' '."¦ > ."'. !--.'". :' ' . : ' ' .'- : \ ¦ r
Beside the bla.ck :-. streamer- floated one; of
red/.Vwhito . and: blue," the -colors: of . . the
United States," and* another of red," white"
and. green, the : . colors T. of ? Italy." To • tlie
right of the door,? in- a: frame formed of
red and white roses, was a vase fully six
feet-high,' madeiof white- asters. >:,. This
was the offering -of '. the i; manufacturing
potters of East Liverpool, j Ohio. The ! em
ployes ! of.: ; these r- manufacturing' potters
sent ah elaborate design of a vase done in
red- and white roses jj that : was fully equal
in'beauty^to: that': sent '-by .their employ-,
ers. On the the /south' side of the door
way was suspended a. beautiful wreath of ¦
lilies -of the - valley.' : intertwined ; with
smilax," the: whole surmounted with' white
and purple orchids,/ bound together with
a wide band of royal purple satin.* Stand
ing a short distance' from. the vault to the
south was a, small cradle covered entirely
with white and purple asters.;' On its sides
were . worked ' in /purple ' : immortelles ; the
word ; "Niles. ''-. - This ¦ was •" said to be : the
cradle' in which President- : McKinley had
been . rocked ' during , his Infancy : in* Niles,
Ohio, and special, instructions came .with
it ;that lt 'should be" guarded with great
care > and I returned j safely to • Niles where
Itlsito be : preserved.": '•',. -.,. i..-, , *., \t
>, From - the . republic '*. of. - Cuba came an
enormous representation of the flag- Of the
new, .nation. . >A wreath ; of j red roses % and
Lilies'; of . the ; Valley ) came': from' the : re
public of 'Haytl,' a wreath of white .roses
: and t purple • asters f rom 1 - the- : President • of"
¦ Uruguay. - Prom the. Knights Templar of
Minnesota, came ia't great shield .-five feet
long:and three- feet wide, ; formed entirely
:of ' white asters.* *, In -the center/. was the
"red cross of the 'Krilghts Templar. 'A round
button.- two ' feet i in -. diameter,' : tvi th ; a* red
: cross ;'.: in ; - the £ center, - came? from -nthe
¦ Knights of .Tennessee."- ¦ An elaborate of
fering i of ¦' roses ¦* and orchids g came * from
. Melville.' E. - Stone ¦ of v New ~York. »-',' There
were > wreaths . - from 'i Savannahs Ga;;"' San
:\Franclsco, -. Duluth. V, New.^s Orleans ; -and
from _ dozens . of ,{ other i; i cities.: :j Many ¦ of
the ¦' designs , were J unmarked , and < 1 1 ;¦ was
impossible -to 'tell ;;from ! whom they';, had
come. '-'.i The; flowers '.will be. : allowed = to re
¦ main around the vault until. they have fal
l len. to plecfs; :.-',>. .*\ r .:¦,.-,•,¦;.- , i; .>. ;•.-;«< -.
Requiem etcrnam. dona domlne.
CANTON, Sept. 19.— Never before on this
continent has such a floral display been
seen at any public occasion; as that: in
Westlawn Cemetery . this afternoon. The
vault was lined with the rarest and cost
liest flowers, a multitude .: of floral pieces
was spread on the ground before the door
of the vault and r for 100 feet to. the right
and left of the doorway, and for half as
many feet to the rear of 'a line passing
through the front-wall' it was "Impossible
to tread, so thickly did the tributes- lie.
Nearly every country on both hemispheres
was , represented by an , offering. The
number of -those from the > United States
was almost past counting. > They j came
from every. atate in the Union and, there
is scarcely a man in .public life whose
tribute of respect for the virtues of Wil
liam McKinley -did not. lie beside his cof
fined remains this afternoon. .; - :,
The inside of the vault .was literally a
mass of roses and orchids when the casket
was carried* into it and ; the outside walls
were weli-nlgh .hidden'beneathrthe.profu
sion of flowers -hung, upon them. '<¦.; Above
the doorway hung an enormous wreath of
dark green calix leaves and over the right
corner- of the ':- vault 'was > a : similar
'.wreath; the leaves being a deep red; in a
¦corresponding position on .the other -side
was hung a wreath; of ivy. . {, "¦'¦¦.
The great wreath in the center was "the
offering of,' the-*. Italian Government; and
the "King of : Italy v and-:- was '.one of .• the
-handsomest- pieces seen.:. lUpon -a great
streamer of blacks satin, which swung
.from the mass of, deep green leaves.'was
ithe following. inscription: ¦¦-"•¦ : * ' -.'¦ • : ¦ , ,-
tion Lie Beside, the Coffined
. Remains. . • .
Tributes of Respect From Every
CHOICE FLOWERS
LINE THE VAULT
But it was a triumphal march. How vast
the. procession'. The nation rose and stood with
uncovered head. The people of the land are
chief . mourners. The nations of j the ¦ earth
weep with them.. But oh, what a victory! -. I
do not ask you In the heat of public address,
but in. the' calm moments of mature reflec
tion, what other man ever had such high hon
ors bestowed upon him by so many people?
What pageant has equaled this that we look
upon? We gave him to the nation but a little
more than four years ago. He went out with
the light of the morning upon his brow, but
with his task set and the purpose: to complete
it. ,. We take him back a mighty conqueror.
"The churchyard where his children rest,
The 'quiet spot that suits him T best.
I There shall his crave be .made
And there his bones ;be laid.. , '". - *,
And there his countrymen shall com«,
With memory proud, with pity dumb;
And strangers far and near . .
For ' many and many a year, ;.
'¦ For many. a year and many an age -;¦¦¦.<
While history , on her ample page :,
• The virtues shall enroll. ---:¦ ~ r - v
....-'': Of that paternal soul." -•-,¥ ¦'¦ '.;..'-:.
At the conclusion "of Dr.* Manchester's
discourse Bishop I. "W. Joyce of Minneap
olis delivered a short. prayer. ;.'•-.:. .._.,• ;,
The hymn, "Nearer, .My God, to Tnee,
was sung by the entire congregation: The
people remained standing after the close
of the hymn while the benediction was
pronounced by Monslgnor T.-P.:Thorpe
of Cleveland... v : , ,, iU
The casket was then borne from the
church to the funeral car and the march
of the procession to the cemetery began.
He has, mdeed, returned to us, but how?
Borne to the strains of ."Nearer, My God, to
Thee,", and placed where he first began life's
struggle, that the people might look and weep
ever so sad a home-coming. • .
He Has Returned.
We hoped with him that when his work was
done, freed from the burdens of his great office,
crowned with the affections of a happy people,
he might be permitted to close his earthly life
in the home he had loved. . ' N
. But our last - words must be spoken. - Little
more than four years ago we bade him good
by as he went to assume the great responsi
bilities to which the nation -had called him.
His last -words as- he left Us were: "Nothing
could give me greater pleasure than this fare
well greeting— this evidence of your friendship
and sympathy, : your good. will, and, I am sure,"
the prayers of all the people with whom I have
lived so long and whose confidence and esteem
are dearer to me than any other earthly honors.
To*all of us the future is as a sealed book,. but
if- 1. can by, official act, or administration,- • or
utterance in any degree add to the prosperity
and unity of our beloved "country and the ad
vancement and well being of our splendid citi
zenship -'I will devote the best and -most un
selfish efforts of, my life to that end. > With
this thought uppermost in my mind I . reluc
tantly take leave of my friends and neighbors,
cherishing in my heart the sweetest . memories
and thoughts of my old home— my home now—
and; I trust, my home hereafter, so long as I
live." . . ¦ .- ' . ; -j • . ' - '¦ .' ¦
'Another ' great ' lesson that we should heed is
the vanity of earthly . greatness. In tha pres
ence - of tho dread messenger how small are
all the trappings of wealth and distinctions of
rank and power. I beseech you, seek him who
said: "I am' the resurrection and tho lifer he
that belie veth in me, though he were dead,
yet. shall he - live; " and whosoever ¦ liveth and
believeth in me shall never die." There is but
one Savior for the sin-sick and the weary. I
entreat' you to find him as our brother. found
him.- •--- •.;, :¦ ; <*¦: ::¦ ¦. ¦ / ¦ ¦ •¦ . ¦ ¦ ''.:¦
None of us can tell what a day may bring
forth. Let us therefore • remember that ¦ "No
man liveth to himself and none of us dieth to
himself." ; May. each day's close see a day's
duty: done. •¦..'-¦.' -. . . '. ¦¦ • .
-Our President -'went forth in the 'fullness of
his strength, in his manly beauty,' and was
suddenly smitten by the hand that brought
death with it. ':'.¦¦
"•The first one that will occur to r us all Is. the
old. old lesson that "In the midst of, life 'we are
in death." . "Man goeth forth -to his work and
to his labor until the evening." "He fleeth aa
it were a shadow and never contlnueth in one.
stay." '-' ,-'¦ ¦•¦ '•»...¦¦¦¦..'¦ ¦•'¦•¦ .¦•,¦••¦.-¦..¦ '¦¦
Hrst Lesson Taught.
ted. V There la no South, no North, no East, no
West. ¦ Washington saw the beginning - of our
national life. Lincoln passed through the night
of • our history • and ¦ saw the dawn. McKinley
beheld his country In the splendor of Its noon.
Truly he died in the fullness of his fame. With
Paul he could say, and with equal'truthfulness,
"I am.- now • ready to be offered." ' The iwork
assigned him had been well done.' ¦• .The nation
was at peace. We had fairly entered upon an
era of •' unparalleled - prosperity. Our revenues
. were * generous; ¦ . Our standing . among nations
was ¦" secure. ,' Our •, President was . safely, en
shrined In the affections of a united people. : It
was not at; him that the fatal" shot, was fired,
but at ! the, very 'life of the Government.': His
offering t was vicarious. • It ; was ¦; blood ! poured'
upon the . altar of human liberty. 'In view, of
these things, . we • are not surprised i to hear
from one who was present when this great soul
passed away that he never before saw a death
bo peaceful, .'or a "dying man so crowned with
grandeur. \ Let us turn now to a brief consid
eration of some of the j lessons that we are to
learn from this ; sad event.
terruption ' of cable communication the
news of the death of i President McKinley'
only reachedihere yesterday. . Senor Blan
co, the "Minister ? of Foreign Affairs, at
once communicated 4ils regrets to ' Minis
ter Bowen, and all tKe foreign Ministers
at Caracas > called officially.; and expressed
their;, sympathy *: and* regret..' President'
Castro; wrote a letter to Minister Bowen,
saying "that. Venezuela -is mourning the
late President and expressing horror ; ; at
the deed.. The /President - also ordered
three days'.v mourning,- with 'half-masted
flags, and' begged Mr. Bowen* to convey
his ¦ regrets ¦ to » Washington, which was
done;. v '¦, .¦ '¦¦. '¦' ¦¦¦¦' ". "¦¦¦¦ ••• . ."':"-. i .*
Services at Russia's Capital.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 19.— Under the
auspices of the United States Embassa-.
dor, Charlemagne Tower, impressive me
morial services in honor of President Mc-
Kinley were held at 3 o'clock this evening
In the British-American Church. The pas
tor, Rev. Alexander Francis; officiated, as
sisted by Drs/ Keane, Kilburn and King.
Among, those present was Grand .Duke
Vladimir S Alexandrovlch,- ; Grand ' Duchess
Maria Pavlovna and Grand Duke Boris
Vladimlrovich, . their son, and Grand
Duke Serge Michaelovich. The diplomatic
corps were ./represented by the British
Embassador, Sir Charles Scott, the only
Embassador. besides Mr. Tower now In St.
Petersburg; the Ministers to Russia.and
Orrieste Nicholas Vassilieff, formerly of
Ansonla, -Conn. The United States Em
bassador and I his entire ¦ staff, the United
States Consul, Mr. Holloway; the 5 United
States Vice' Consult Mr. .Heydecker,: and
practically all, the resident Americans and
majiy subjects were also ¦ present. ' . .
The prominent Russians included Prince
Obolenski, representing the Foreign Of
fice, and two directors of that office; the
Russian Minister of the Interior, M.
Sipyaguin: the Assistant Minister of the
Interior, . M. Stichniskl; Vice Admiral
Tj-rtofE; General . Rydseffsky; ' General
Klegel, the Prefect of Police; Prince Jules
Ouroussoff, and a number of other high
officials. : '.'(¦ -^ -,..'. ..-¦'¦:'" ¦ '*;
.. Tho services consisted of readings from
the Scriptures and hymns; . closing with
the playing of the dead march.
Germans Honor the Dead.
BERLIN, Sept. 19.— Memorial ¦ services
were held in the American Chapel here at
noon to-day in honor of the late President
McKinley. All the imperial .and Prussian
Cabinet Ministers were present, except
the Imperial Chancellor, Count von Bu
low, who is absent from Berlin. He was
represented by- Privy;. Councilor ' von
Guenther. All the foreign Embassadors
and Ministers in Berlin attended the serv
ice, and many of the attaches and, secre
taries of the diplomatic corps were pres
ent. Prince Leopold of ¦ Solms-Baruth, as
the representative of Emperor .William,
occupied the seat of honor."- . ¦
GIBRALTAR, Sept. 19.— All the* flags
were half-masted at noon to-day, and. the
channel- squadron, the United . States
training ship Alliance, the German train
ing ship Charlotte and the land .batteries
ftred a salute of twenty-one guns in honor
of the late President McKinley. • ¦
PARIS, Sept. 19.— A memorial i service
was held this cfternoon. in honor of the
late President McKinley in the American
church.
Observed in All Lands.
PEKING,' Sept. 19.— Memorial services in
honor of the late William McKinley were
held, at the United States embassy. .:
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Sept. 19.— Crowds
to-day attended the memorial service held
in the parish church in honor of the late
President McKinley. . The . Archbishop of
the West Indies paid' a touching tribute
to the deceased President.' . i
BRUSSELS, Sept. 19.— Many . distin
guished personages, including representa
tives of the Kingand Queen of Belgium,
attended the memorial services . in the
Anglican .church.^to-day.in. honorvof the
late President. McKinley. .
TORONTO, ¦"' Ont.; . Sept." 19.— To-day
throughout Ontario has been observed as
a day of mourning. for the late President
McKinley.' In accordance with instruc
tions from Ottawa the schools and courts
in .Toronto and other cities were closed.
Memorial services," attended"" by crowds
were held in the leading churches, ai
which eloquent tributes were paid to th<
many \ great • qualities of the martyred
President ; and his favorite hymns ,wer«
sung. •:•; - ' ,
SELDOM SUCH
COMMON SORROW
.LONDON. Sept. 20. — The London morn
ing newspapers again appear with black
borders and long accounts of the .- cere
monies in Canton and of memorial serv
•ices -. and tributes throughout the' world.
The editorials , generally comment upon
the widespread sympathy. -
"Seldom, -; if ever," says the Standard,
"has a k common . sorrow - found expression
In ' so : many lands.'/ :¦:_¦..'¦ . -; . . ¦ .:
Daily News finds "this spontaneous
manifestation of mourning deeply sugges
tive and Impressive, being paralleled only
at the death of Yictoria." :
Several ('London theaters were f closed
last night. V: Those remaining ; open wit
nessed some remarkable j demonstrations.
The programmes began with • the : "Dead
March in ? Saul," the audiences standing.
At ; the ; leading .variety houses the "Star
Spangled Banner", was also played and
was '• recalled withV ringing cheers and
shouts'of "Down 1 with anarchists."
-At . a. concert in Queen's Hall Sir
Arthur- Sullivan's "In Memorlam" over
ture and ! Tchaikowsky's "Pathetlque
Symphbnie" . were played in ' memory of
Mr. McKinley. .; , "./; .;¦;'.;
¦? Mr. and Mrs. Chamberlain attended the
memorial service in Birmingham yester
day. There was also a big demonstration
in that city last night In connection with
the r.Wesleyan ~: 'conference,,. when resolu
tions of sympathy were adopted after, the
crime of had been' characterized
in terms of deepest abhorrence. •! \
> Queen -Alexandra has- written -an atuo
graph i letter.. to Mrs.- McKinley, which
will go;to;the United: States by the next
mail.-'V .¦¦.".'.¦¦;;¦;''-.• ¦.•¦'¦ '\ v , : :¦
"... Lord . T^ansdowne, the Foreign ; Secre
tary;'- intimates | through' the press ¦ his I re
gret that ¦ illness prevented him from i at
tending t the i memoriaJ service, in \ West
minster, Abbey. •> '¦.'¦¦ ,-¦> '.'¦'¦ ¦¦ %i •
'Memorial services are reported v from
Moscow. Lisbon. Calcutta and. Hamburg.
,..Mr. r Choate in his- letter of apology- for
absence | from , the ' Kingr Alfred millenary
commemoration at Winchester, due to the
death * of President > McKinley; says: ''The
sympathy. 1 expressed ~ in ' a perfect ava
lanche of telegrams from -all. parts -of the
British dominion is most touching.? .
THE^ SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER; '20V 1901,
Continued From Page Three.
MOURNING IN FOREIGN - LANDS,
Continued From Page ,Thre«.
F U N E R A L - S E R V I C ES ; AT ; CANTON.
16
NEW •
BING WOEM AND DANDIIUP-F.
.They Are Each Caused by a Pestif er-
' ¦•}. .-ous Genn.
Ring -worm and dandruff are. somewhat
similar in their origin;, each Is caused by
a parasite. The germ that, causes dan-
druff - : digs-*. to the root of the hair, and
saps Its vitality, causing falling hair,' and
finally, baldness.. Without dandruff there
•would never be baldness; and to cure dan-
druff if is necessary, to l kill the germ:
There has been -no hair preparation that
would do: this ¦ until . the ¦ discovery * ot
Newbro's .">. Herpicide. -\ which | . positively
kills :the> dandruff ; germ, allays, itching
Instantly and makes hair glossy ; and .soft
as silk. At all druggists'. 1 Take no substi-
tutes. ¦'. There Is nothing "just asgood." ::
VIM; VIGOR, VITALITY ior MEN
JfWt MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
£ES/8<~t. HS have been In use over tlfty
years by the leaders of the
B»>:*i^yia3 Mormon Church and . their
WEs& !)J*8s3l followers. Positively cure the
WrtWW^WeS worst cases in old and young
WSL^fcMi arisins from effects of . self-
tiKjS' J t fcWW abuse, dissipation, excesses or
'BgKfeiHaK clgaretto-smokinB. Cure Lost
\Msue$W Manhood. Impotency, Lost
y ' .tBHSSt ,' .. Power. V Night Losses,- Insom-
nia, Pains in Back,- Evil Desires, Lame Back,")
Nervous" Debility, Headache, 1 Unfltness , to. Mar-,
ry? Loss of Semen, =» ,^-k VarieoL-elis or Con-
stipation, StopNer, *^ M/M l ous • Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are ZJ^, SZ' Immediate, -v-Im-'
part vigor and pote CEnr J a »ncy. to every, func-
tion. ¦ Don't get despondent: a cure Is at hand.
Restore small,"*, undeveloped organs. .' Stimulate
the -brain and nerve centers ; 50c a ; box ;•. 6 ; for
$2 50 by. mall, -.f A written guarantee to /cure o»
money • refunded with ' 6 ' boxes.-. Circulars free.
Address 4 BISHOP • P.EMEDY.; CO.,* 40 > Ellis i st \
San. Francisco. Cal.; GRANT DRUG CO.. 28
and FRESH
An Interest- \S2X>JLh~jBk A lil-lWlfi
ing 1 * Winter *
ye/7/> - | Our Crop of Winter Fashions
I Gathered and garnered from the foremost markets of the
world. Ready and In our building ready for you f to Pass
Judgment upon to-day. Coupled to that our usual F™* 1 **®"'™
Saturday specials selected from our smart winter fashions.
Jt£ You Know It. T^l-I r T l sv«*t1 y r\4> r-\
%&M> Topkotc
Jr^^^ Of course you I ' j^\' Nothing Will
£f ,\^^S* know it, that the - /amff^n eve'FSlCWlcLTlt
A™' irr?' Lorb6houis"erb theTophot&in
Wmmmk : ' rc J l6 "A 0^ UUle /fee' mother's
tf^zmf^izk chaps this year, i^O^ / t^
¦ H| mzk in, pretty jfW7\{\ esteem. Its
shades of tan /, j i W, ideal COat
JS&^WBm& covert cloths; -^L J ¦ Mji ' — pretty,
Y KwSm 7">st as smart ¦%{ it jiA 57^«r^ ZooA;-
fegdM and fetching as I I \ • . 7/
¦¦I anything- San' Li—J ? rf /»
ffi^^ possibly be, i 8 / looking—in
reaching down W I SO7Y16 very
t|H\; . /o the little f el- y\ M hands 01716
_S.H low's shoe tops, p^ - shades of
'^*W Kot only are % 'iZndliih co
.;¦.:¦¦•.¥¦:. these coats dres- ; . ._ . *=* T .i, T.
sy. but they're vert cloths in tans, light
ri<sht smart.- What we in* ended arid dark. Ifs a regular^
gimng for the™ was $7.50.-: $5 coa t. Friday and Sat-
Whatwe'llhave 'em on special \- A •. , /77
sale for Friday luill he urdayitwUL be
$4.95 $2.98
Ages 6 to 16 years. Jl$es4tol5years.
Wj'-" MiMI/i \ ii mi i — ~" —^" — ~1 • ItHasYcttoFin<!
iMWk&lm^ J$\ ?o W hYah -Vla^s
-¦'' wKM/mm/mWiiilM ' -r Stf M tailoring.
. r 'im$ ' W$Lrl\ Wv'liMi\ ' Add to this the
? 'll\ ill »l 'j'v^ll'f^^^*^^^^ dressiest winter
\ I'OT^S^ ' suits imagin-
>.~ . ' ' ' VyS»a <•* • able, and for
>-...-: m|^^ these suits w&
- ¦ !.¦—-¦ . ' ¦ I sctzf. .
1 : '•: ¦"-.: - ' ; ¦ .,"¦..' .,-¦. . t <fco
l?:''l / i^®' ! J^^i-/%^''' Features
• : - '^ j| V^^P^^l^-^^^ 1 -.^^^^ est and dressiest
|:v| ; .^ Iff Add to this the
ii',£im&P. '¦ '¦ v " ';¦"• ' 'iPirM^oi^Ank-TEb Unjoh Square Avc; . -
;.,::^n\A<l6- to- order sj^r^A-
; easy, f or , : any * man— and /tJ^K^oAjSr i'i
]. then \ our ; suits • are ,"; of \fz&^
.-, exceptional ;,v a -1 ii e. '•"."¦Iv-O ~J
(^They- have ; ' the X style, I >
; the* fitVy the r fabric ariid''; I ¦: : A "A,'
'the perfection, of tail- ¦ ft - If4 ' 1 -
l 6ring. that give the a U J
¦ wearer •- that ," correctly I^MSj X
dressed look. v-
1 .28-|3g;E»iS 5t.
_ 'advertisements.
¦"""'"¦' -^lTjt.l -i- ¦ . _ -~^~^, ~~^~~s^~~.~~..— ~~^~~ ~~ y
r Fr id ay's Regular Sal e||
; Our Friday special sales are constantly becoming ; V
C more popular and larger crowds visit our store from • \
j week to week. .The reason- is obvious; we told people - J>
: the truth, sold genuine bargains and agreed to refund the /
; y*. money, if purchases ?
c ( were not entirely sat- >t^7r ' r
\ v^-**^ lt wU1 pay you Mm/) ?
I Xv^^N. to watch the Friday W$ j$ )
\ v^v--^^ displays in our win- /^ij^^ )
S • For to-day we C-r=^^^ . ' <rj
\ auote the following: (
) LADIES' ENAMEL f OXFORDS. MEN"S Via KID OR, BOX CALF,!- f
!¦ SS^^^S5° a p5^%fSSS?h IO S LACE SHOES, full, rounds. Good- ; >
} ' jj eo „ 92.K5 year welts, light soles; a neat and «er-' 1
\ vlceable Dress Shoe; for: Friday only; ' S
I LADIES' FINE KID LACE SHOES. • 82 05 • '" : }
) extension Poles, straight patent leather . " * . . • y
j tlpe; as good a shoe as has ever beeii ' MEN'S PATENT LEATHER LACE L
? .old in this countryju $2 60. *2. 13 gHOES> nMmi toe> Ilght .„,„.._ \
L CHILDREN'S AND MISSES' FINE en elegant Sunday shoe; on Friday only' l ;
? KID LACE SHOES, full round toes, ........„:.... .:..............;.. $2.C5 C
} Sirel IJVii IHo LITTLE BOYS."' .LACE SHOES, strong (
f : . Sizes vt\k to S.:::::".:::::$l5S! ' material v and heavy" soles; for; rough. . .?
\ Too cave from 20 cents to 45 cents on hard wear; sizes 9 to 13; on Friday only i 1
/ above., according to size. $1.15 ', (
1 Country orders filled if received not later than Saturday nlgrht. A new pair ?
1 jxatls If any of the above shoes do not wear well. . : " J
i.KAUfmiNN'S:^