Report Ordered Upon
Change of Name
of Chureh.
Brilliant Debates Ar8
Heard at Both
Sessions.
IMPORTANT
ISSUES ARE
DISCUSSED
Hundreds Are Unable
. to Enter Doors of
Mansion.
CHURCHMEN
HONORED BY
RECEPTION
Society Crowds Rooms
of Hopkins Art
Institute.
j—^ VENTS to be participated in to-day by the prelates, clergymen and Jay delegates to the Gen
| j~f eral Convention of the Protestant Episcopal Church, according to the programme, are as
follows: :„.'..'•..'.!-'.!-.,.'. '-.r-'.. '\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 -'\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0 •': .\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'. ' \' ':.-.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;
io a. m.- — House of ' Bishops .meets at Trinity*. Church; also at. 3 p.m. \u25a0 \u25a0 ' : .'
10 a. m. — House of Deputies resumes business in -Trinity Church; also -at 3 p. m. c • \ - : f
10:30 a. m.— Woman's Auxiliary' meets, at i6op Siittcr street. Address - at noon - by Bishdp
. \u25a0..'\u25a0.;. Homer of Asheville. '4:30 [p. .m.— Address by <; Bishop Srewer of 'Montana^
- 8 p. m.— Meeting, of the Church Association, for the Advancement of '.Labor, at -Trinity
\u25a0 'Church. Address by Bishop Potter of Neiu York. . *\u25a0 \u25a0
8 p. in: — -Opening service of Brotherhood of St.-Andreiv at Good ' Samaritan -Mission.' .: Ad
\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0•'•-' \u25a0.; :. >• dresses in Convention Hall. ,"\u25a0'.' '. V ' <\u25a0-> <. ( - r V . : '; : ! ; ;. '^ • '•• 7
8-p..m. — Board of Missions meets in Trinity Church. '\u25a0 . ' -\u25a0'-\u25a0, ; . .";; :.,
PROGRAMME ARRANGED FOR TO-DAY.
• CAMBRIDGE, - Mass., Oct. • 9.— Harvard
defeated •' Amherst t to-day on- 1 , Soldiers'
field by . a score of 1 11 . to ' 0. • Harvard had
her: hands full; af all tinies, being : unable
to -score in -the fint bait, \u25a0\u25a0-*\u25a0: • - \u25a0 - • •-.•^^-i
Harvard vs.' Amherst.
Prelate Will Address Church Associa
tion for Advancement of Inter-. .
' ests of\ Labor.
The alumni. of the. Philadelphia Divinity
School held a banquet last evening in the
maple .room ; of the Palace Hotel. /There
wer6 twenty-eight me/nbers present and
some : eloquent speeches 'were made. ; [-. ..
• A meeting of the Church Association for,
the \u25a0 Advancement - of the/. Interests . 'oi
.Labor (commonly - known as the" C- A.' I.:
La r ge Quantity : of : Flour Ruin ed in'
;. • \u25a0;" the' Town of San Juan ' . / M
\u25a0 : Ay'..'\ : i delNorte.; - •
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, < Oct. 9.— Later
advices : from- the \u25a0 Pacific coast , of ,-Nica-.
ragua Bhow ; that the* floods of, Monday,'
following supposed action in the
Pacific, . destroyed a large , qua'ptlty ; of . flour^
and other merchandise stored at San Juan
del | Norte, . as ' well ~ aa { much •• export
timber*- \u25a0•'.-* -: ' -•--.- •/ —-\u25a0;-» - --^_ ;
FLOODS ? JJStr mCAILtL&UA. .:; i .'\u25a0\u25a0•
: , . ; DESTBOY-MEBCHAin)ISE
BISHOP OF NEW YOBK
, SPEAKS THIS ' EiVENHTO
L.) . will be held in /Trinity Church jj this
evening 'at "8 o'clock, to which .all \ are
cordially invited. ? The Right Rev. , Leigh
ton Coleman will preside. ',
' The principal ' speaker \u25a0will l be v i Bishop
Potter. ; Organized labor will t be heard
and the secretary of the \u25a0 organization,
Miss Harriette A. Keyser, will make some
remarks. " • .. \u25a0 - •
It was one of the smartest throngs that
San Francisco has seen in many a day.
The Bishops and visiting clergy looked
splendidly Imposing In the severe black
of their eccleslastlcals, while in the cos
tumes of the women 'there was just
enough suggestion of the pomps and van
ity to make the scene one of brilliant In
terest to the most worldly.
| The crowd problem, which before the
doors were opened, looked- quite serious,
was well solved by a special detail of
policemen in full parade dress. Half a
dozen detectives from the upper office
scanned the ingoing multitude and in spite
of discomfort and' heat the reception will
go' down in the history of .Episcopal con
,ventiohs-as one of the biggest on record. ,
Apart from the crushing, however, the
reception was voted a big success in that
it indicated such enthusiastic interest in
the visiting churchmen and incidentally
the church they represent and govern. -
Society Well Represented.
their wives. : The broad steps outside the
mansion were at times crowded with mis
laid escorts, anxiously scanning the out
pouring stream for the wards the surging
crowd had swept from their care.
Refreshments were served. Only those,
however, who were caught in the . whirl
pool which swirled toward the basement
had any actual knowledge of the fact.
Great care had been exercised in provid
ing a dainty luncheon, but unfortunately
there was neither room nor time to break
more than the most modest kind of a fast.
Although densely packed the crowd was
kept constantly moving and even J. Pler
pont Morgan, once Inside, was absolutely
powerless to direct his course.
THE reception tendered last
evening at the Mark Hopkins
Art Institute to the House of
Bishops, delegates and deputies
of the General Convention of
the Protestant Episcopal church
•was the biggest affair of Its kind ever
ceen In San Francisco.
"My, what a crush!" was the lightly
uttered exclamation at the mansion door.
"Oh, but that air, feela good!" was
feelingly gasped Into the night after the
rounds of the spacious halls had been
made.
The Hopkins Art Institute has never be
fore held so many guests within its walls.
A I though more than a thousand Intending
participants In the reception, dismayed at
the Bize of the crowd, went away. It is
«stimated that nearly 5000 people actually
attended. •
Bishop Potter, for family reasons. Is not
taking part In public social functions, but
\u25a0with this exception nearly all the visiting
Bishops were present during the evening.
Great Tnrong Present.
The enormous crowd rendered impossi
ble any formal greeting for the guests
of honor. From the time the doors opened
to a mass of humanity which packed the
street for more than a block and to the
extent of delaying the operation of the
California street railroad, to the moment
of the general exodus, it was a case of
every man for himself.
/ Bishops' silk hats were In constant dan
ger of destruction. Bishops' collars be
came limp In the struggle from room to
room, end some* of the Bishops even lost
SCENE AT THE RECEPTION LAST NIGHT AT HOPKINS ART INSTITUTE TO THE VISITING MEMBERS OF THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH.
"Will Dredge Manila Harbor.
SEATTLE, Oct. 9.— President Fowler of
the Puget Sound Bridge and Dredging
Company, a Seattle ccrporation. was tc
day,notified that his firm had been award
ed the Government contract, valued at
$2,000,000, for dredging the harbor of Ma
nila and completing the old Spanish
breakwater. »Pi
Additional Convention News on
• Pages Two and Four.
In the evening a reception was tendered
the . members \u25a0 of the convention at tho
Hopkins Institute of Art. The hosts were
the members of the local Episcopal
churches. It was estimated that more
than 5000 people attended the social func
tion. :.;\u25a0:•. :\u25a0}
• The Deputies adopted by rising vote a
set of resolutions deploring the assassina
tion "of President McKlnley.
The Woman's Auxiliary . and the Girls*
Friendly Society held sessions yesterday
and were addressed by prelates. •
i The House of Deputies spent many
hours yesterday in discussing the report
of the commission on marginal readings
to the Holy Scriptures. The report had
been accepted by the House of Bishops,
but the lower house modified the report
and adopted It. The amendment as passed
eliminated the corrections and alterations
made by the commissioners themselves
but accepted all others In the \u25a0 report
founded on the Lambeth and American
revisions.
Bishops selected the city of Boston as the
place for holding the General Convention
of 1904.
V ' . up to the present by. the Gen
eral Convention of the Episcopal church,
now sitting -In this city.
I The canon was, introduced In the. upper
house by the venerable Bishop Doane of
Albany, who made a stirring speech for
the adoption of the amendment to the
present laws of the church.
I Although the deliberations of the House
of Bishops are held with closed doors \u25a0 it
was learned that a heated debate "took
place, upon the subject. Thirty-seven
Bishops voted for the canon, while twen
ty-nine' opposed it. \u25a0 v
\u25a0 To 'become operative the canon must
be concurred in by the House of Deputies
and it is doubtful If that body will sanc
tion : the : inflexible law. . The New "Stork
delegation has tried for the last few days
to secure "the consideration 'of the report
of. the, special committee on marriage and
divorce and the, question is likely to be
brought up for discussion this morning.
j_/According • to' the views expressed by
many of the members of the lower house
the bid canon will probably be allowed to
stand. \u25a0 This canon permits the remarriage
qf an Innocent party to a divorce for in
fidelity. \--j " ' .
The House of Bishops and the House. of
Deputies yesterday appointed a Joint com
mittee 2 to ,' consider 1 tjie proposition! to
change the name of the church.
"The 'House of Deputies and the House,o£
»|w HE passage yesterday by the
H House of Bishops of the canon
M totally prohibiting the remar-
H rlage of divorced persons was
• A- the most Important work done
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1901.
RICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC— NO. 132.
BISHOPS PLACE BAN ON REMARRIAGE OF DIVORCED PERSONS
AND CANON BECOMES FINAL IF HOUSE OF DEPUTIES CONCURS
The San Francisco Call.
THK House of Bishops, after a long debate yesterday/adopted ;the ;which(absolutely iprohibits -re-marriage of divorced persons'. To be
come final the canon must be concurred in by the House of Deputies The. House pf-Deputiesspent^houEs in discussing marginal readings to
Scriptures and accepted the report of special commission in modified form. Boston was-seleeted as place - for N General Convention in 19O4.
A joint committee was appointed to consider the subject of changing name of the church.Continued to Page Four.
THERE was a large attendance
of: members of the House of
Deputies when that body of the
Episcopal Convention resumed
its sitting yesterday morning.
The galleries of Trinity Church
were crowded with lady visi
tors, who' listened to the debates with
great interest
After the reading of the journal of the
previous Say and its acceptance the chair
man called for reports from committees.
The Rev. Dr. Duncan of Louisiana re
ported for the committee on the state of
the church that It favored good municipal
government and that it urged all members
of the church to aid in the suppression
of evil and vice as tolerated in many
cities. The report was placed on the cal
endar.
The Rev. Henry Easter of Tennessee,
on behalf of a special committee, pre
sented resolutions on the death of Presl
oent McKinley, which were adopted by
a rising vote. The resolutions are pub
lished on another page of The Call.
On motion of Deputy George C. Thomas
cf Pennsylvania the house expressed its
appreciation of the great mass missionary
meeting of Tuesday night at Mechanics'
Pavilion by adopting the following resolu
tion:
The House of Bishops expresses Its apprecia
tion of the efforts of the Bishops, the deputies
and the congregations and choirs of San Fran
cisco and vicinity, which resulted in. the mag
nificent missionary meeting of last evening, the
greatest in the history of the American church.
and. which cannot fail to exert an influence.
The Rev. Richard P. Williams of Wash
ington offered a resolution that the House
cf Bishops be requested to elect a Bishop
for the new diocese of the Philippine Isl
ands.
Judge Stiness of Rhode Island objected
to hasty action in the matter and the
resolution was placed on the calendar.
A report of the committee on the gen
eral theological seminary that the dean
of the institution be given a. seat In tha
convention was referred to the committee
on general seminary.
Deputy Charles G. Sanders of Massa
chusetts proposed a change in Article V
of the constitution as adopted on the pre
ceding day by inserting in the provision
for forming new dioceses the words "with
the consent of the General Convention,"
and to make the concluding sentence read
as follows:
When -h phall appear to the satisfaction ' of
the General Convention by a certified copy of
the proceedings and other documents and pa
pers laid before It that all the conditions for
the formation of the new diocese have been
compiled .with, and that it haa- acceded to the
constitution of this church, such new diocese
phall thereupon be admitted to union with the
General Convention.
He "explained that this would restore
the practice to the same condition in
which it is under the present constitu
tion.
The matter was referred to the commit
tee on constitution.
BOSTON SECURES CONVENTION.
J. Pieroont Morgan of New York then
presented the following report, which pro
vides that Boston shall be the meeting
place of the next convention:
The Joint committee upon the place for hold
ing the next General Convention would report
es follow?: That the committee has considered
the Invitations from all of the places brought
to their not1.ee and have listened carefully to
vrhut has been adduced in favor of each, and
they have come unanimously to the decision to
recommend to the two houses of the conven
tion the adoption of the following resolution:
.Reso ved. That Boston be choten as the place
for holding the next General Convention.
The resolution was adopted.
A memorial referred to the committee.
The reverend speaker then quoted a
number of the proposed alterations sug-
The proposal to touch the holy Scriptures al
ways arouses a deep feeling. The early trans
lations were greeted with opposition, and St.
Jerome said: "In vain is a lyre played In the
presence of an ass." The report of the com
mission will be received with all respect and
gratitude. The commission proposes to give
the people the best results of the study of
scholars. Certain verses in the Scriptures are
not to be found in the original record and
some translations are quite incorrect. I think,
however, that the commissioners have made a
mistake in presenting here 'a large number of
corrections and alterations made by them
selves. I am not prepared to accept the
changes made by a small commission. Their
duty was to gather data and not to give ui
their own opinions on certain things.
CRITICIZES TpE COMMISSION.
The Rev. Dr. Greer of New Tork called
for the order of the, day on the marginal
readings and the matter was at once
taken up.
The secretary. Rev. Dr.- Hutchlns, then
read the message received from the House
cf Bishops on the subject of marginal
readings, which was to the effect that the
upper house had adopted the report of the
special committee on marginal readings
and authorized its use by the clergy and
the publication of the Revised Scriptures.
The Rev. Dr. Mann of Missouri dis
cusBed the report of the special committee
and paid a tribute to the magnitude of the
work. He was not in favor of accept
ing the entire report of the commission,
as recommended by that body, and pre
sented the following amendment:
Resolved. That this house concur with men
sage No. 3 of the House of Bishops, amended
so as .to read as follows: Resolved, that the
marginal readings reported to this General Con
vention by the Joint commission appointed In
1895 and reappointed in 1898, to make such re
port In bo far_a» such readings are taken from
the margin of the authorized version, from the
text and margin of the English revised ver
sion and from the text and margin of the Amer
ican revised version are hereby adopted and
allowed for use by the ministers of this church
in the lessons read at morning and evening
prayer.
The proposer of the amendment hoped
that the resolution of the commission
would not prevail. He said:
I hope this house will not accept this «ntlra
report on the marginal readings to the Scrip
tures, when it is remembered that the body
has made changes which the original trans
lators, the English revisers and the American
revisers have not made.
The Rev. Dr. McKim • of "Washington
said:
The Rev. Dr. Parks of New York moved
to lay the amendment on the table, which
was done. • . \u25a0.
At this point of the proceedings the
Rev. Dr. Lindsay was obliged to leave the
chair, being called away on business, and
the gavel was placed in the hands of
Judge Stiness of Rhode Island.
A number of motions, resolutions and
amendments were presented at this point,
all relating to the translation of bishops
from missionary districts to organized
dioceses, but the tangle was settled .by re
ferring the entire question back to the
committee on canons.
DISCUSS MARGINAL READINGS.
A resolution by Deputy M. F. Gilbert of
Springfield, that amendments to the
constitution should not take effect until
after the last day of the convention, was
referred to the committee on amend
ments.
A resolution from the committee on elec
tions, recommending that J. H. Cammel of
West Michigan be seated as a deputy in
place of W. R. Shelly, who is absent, was
referred to a committee.
On motion of the Rev. Dr. Alsop of
Long Island the house proceeded to take
up report No. 2 of the committee on
canons, relating to the election and
translation of missionary bishops. The
canon provides that when a missionary
bishop is translated, after five years' ser
vice, to an organized diocese, he shall not
lose jurisdiction of the missionary dis
trict.
The canon was" explained by the Rev.
Dr. Davenport of Tennessee in answer to
questions propounded by the Rev. Dr.
Fulton of Pennsylvania.
A series of cross-questions and answers
between .the two clerical deputies followed
and Deputy George F. Lewis of Iowa
spoke against the adoption of the report.
Lewis moved to amend the report and
have it voted upon in two parts, but this
was ruled out of order by the chair.
The Rev. Dr. Henry of Iowa moved to
add the worts "coadjutor bishop" to the
resolution, thus providing that a co
adjutor bishop be protected equally with a
bishop in the matter of translation from
a missionary district to an organized dio
cese.
touching the securing of a hall for the
meeting and not a church, was referred
to the local committee without recom
mendation.
House of Deputies Aets Favorably on
the Subject After an Inter
esting Debate. ,
MARGINAL READINGS
ARE PARTLY ADOPTED
The Rev. Dr.- Grammer of Southern Virginia
opened the afternoon i debate on the subject,
pleading: for the resolution of the Rev. Dr.
Mann, on four considerations. The first was
esthetic. King James' version had become bo
entrenched In the affections. of the people that
it should not be changed until, the superiority
and necessity of ' the substitution were made
apparent after the most careful study and thor-
The Rev. Dr. Talbot made an amendment to
the motion that a vote be taken at 4 o'clock.
Dr. McConnell accepted the amendment and
it became the original motion. The Rev. Dr.
McKlm of the Washington diocese offered as
an amendment to the amendment that the vote
be taken at 6 o'clock.
A delegate from New Hampshire closed the
subject by making a motion to Icy the whole
matter on the table. It was so voted.
AFTERNOON DEBATE BEGINS.
Upon the House of Deputies reconvening yes
terday afternoon Chairman LJridsay announced
that business before the body was the resump
tion of the discussion of the report on marginal
readings. -
Rev. Dr. McConnell moved that a vote be
taken on the subject at 3:30 p. m. Dr.
Spalding said It was hardly desired to
limit the action or consideration of this
matter, which, he said, • was most impor
tant, and that as it had not come before- the
house before he thought unlimited discussion
should be permitted. The Rev. Dr. Carl E.
Grammer, D.D., of South Virginia followed in
the same vein. He said he was not in favor
of closing: the debate eo soon.
Delegate From New Hampshire
Closes Debate and Matter
Laid on Table.
DISCUSSION ON MARGINAL
READINGS ENDS ABRUPTLY
reading which I hold in my hand acts pre
cisely In that way."
The speaker Illustrated this by the citation
of specific passages, and concluded:
"I submit that, as there is no Angljcan
church and In the American church that it is
a limitation of our .liberty to ask us to take
such a report as this, for apart altogether
from these emendations made by this conven
tion seven-eighths of all the changes made are
simply excerpts from the report of 1SS1 and
1SS5.
He proposed in conclusion the' following sub
stitute for the pending resolution:
Resolved, The House of Bishops concurring,
that the revised version set forth by the con
vocations and the report in A. D. 1881 and A.
D. 1885 is hereby authorized for alternative use
by the ministers of this church for the pub
lic services, of the church.
DEFENDS THE REPORT.
The Rev. Dr. Carey of Albany on behalf of
the commission, of which he Is a member,
spoke at length In defense of the report, giv
ing in -the course of his speech a history of
the commission , and its work, and detailing
the methods pursued by it In arriving at its
result. He pleaded earnestly and forcibly
for the adoption of the report.
Mr. Russell of North Dakota followed and
said In Dart:
It Is accorded to a delegate from a mis
sionary district to have a voice In the deliber
ations of the church. It Is not given to him
to have a vote, however. I come before you
this afternoon as a delegate from North Da
kota, where thlrt" years of my life has been
spent. I come to earnestly ask you gentle
men of the convention to give us these mar-
Sinai references that the commission appoint
ed In '95 has presented to us. I sincerely ap
peal to you that you will accept the decision
of the House; of Bishops and let these mar
ginal references be .adopted, that .they may
be placed in the hands of those people who
are scattered along the prairies and who will
take hold of them with eagerness."
The Rev. Dr. Eccleston of Maryland said:
"No one feels more than I do the need for
some relief where this report proposes to give
it: and yet, feeling deeply that need, and
while sympathizing profoundly with my breth
ren who ask for It, if we are driven to vote
on the first proposition some of us will be
driven to vote against it most unwillingly
It Is because we can vote on the ltne of E>r
Mann's amendment but cannot on the other
that we have asked its consideration. No
one has any more respect for these gentle
men that I; no one wishes to acknowledge
their worth more than I do. No matter what
is done with that report I expect to keep It
in bound form within my reach. I know
many others who will do so. and are glad to
have it. But when It comes to saying that
a matter which required the . careful study
of seventy men. all acknowledged to be ex
perts, for over twenty years, and then to take
the work of men acknowledged to be the best
experts and which did not take three. I «ub
mit that our hesitation— I do not say refusal
is not without ground, to give these men carte
blanche to eo on.
"The expression, 'marginal reading,' is mis.
leading; it is something more than marginal
reading. Who Is ready to say that the text
of the Old Testament is In condition for ex.
perts to come here and ask us to acceot thfir
work blindly, unless they will take the text
of which we have all been talking, the text
on which the revision was made in igsi
known as the Canterbury revision? That u
exactly what we want you to take I »JS
you, are you ready to accept not marginal
readings, but textual corrections; it is mn»
confusion." ' un5
Lay Delegate Richard H. Battle of North
Carolina arose to a point of order at this tim»
He contended that under the rules of thl
house the substitute offered by the Rev Th-
Crawford, which had been ruled out of nr<w"
was in order. UIuer>
Chairman Lindsay replied that it w a , m.
Intention to permit the resolution to come hi
fore the house for action. Dr. Hlckman th.n
asked whether the resolution he offered wrmM
come up at the same time. Dr. Llndsav in
answer to the question stated that as a mat
ter of equity it should come before the hoSsl"
that both resolutions would be introdue«A »4Vi
li was for the convention to say whether* they
In one respect only would he suggest an
improvement of the work of the commis
sion, the speaker said, viz., by introduc
ing in place of "Lord" and "God" the
word "Jehovah" wherever it flnds its
place in the original. It was, he said,
the word of salvation which was the pivot
upon which the Word of God turns.
The Rev. Dr." Crawford ! of • Virginia
then addressed the house, in part saying:
I heard somebody say that they do not want
a Protestant Episcopal Bible. Well, If tha
Anglican church Is not to produce a new
Bible, I would like to know what church is
to do it.' The Roman church can't do It.
Sixtus VI put upon them the Vulgate and
he put upon them- the anathema If they un
dertook to touch it. There are a thousand
mistakes in the Vulgate, and if any of tho
boys in the form over which I presided had
made those mistakes I. would have caned him.
The Vulgate can't be touched by the Catholic
church. Then who is to give to the church
an amended and batter explanation of the
Bible? Why, the home cf all Biblical learning,
or very nearly all,- Is the Anglican church,
and tha Protestant Kplscopal church - of this
country hai* had no little share in throwing
those illuminations which the textual, critics
One of the great arguments in favor of a
work like this rather than the adoption of
either the Canterbury revision or the Ameri
can revision, lies In this: It was said vet?
fVeely and frequently of the Canterbury revision
when It first came out that It was admirable
for scholars, but it was not good after all for
the common people; admirable as a commen
tary not good for the lectern. I take it that
any company of echolars meeting together to
do a work of this kind must necessarily, to
be honest and true with themselves, bring in
a great many more corrections than any of
them would ever think of reading in public.
I myself certainly have voted for a great many
more of these marginal readings than I should
ever think of using in public reading in church;
nevertheless, I believe it to be my duty in
taking part in a work like this to vote on the
general principle of always voting for what
I believe to be an accurate statement of whal
was really the work of all. ..
On the other hand, in reading the Scriptures
in church. I 'should think it was not • worth
while to use more than a very few of such
passages. My own belief Is that in practical
use if this were .adopted, we should come
very soon to use only a very small portion
of these numerous readings in church at all.
Suppose, for Instance, there are 500 of these
marginal readings marked "C." of which you
disapprove of 400. You don't have to use them.
Suppose, for Instance, you disapprove of the
change from "generation of vipers" to "brood
of vipers," you need not use it in public read
ings in church; if you do approve of it, you
may use It. Is there any harm donet #
FAVORS PROPOSED RESVISIOW.
The Rev. Dr. Hart of Colorado ex
pressed himself as being in favor of ac
cepting the report of the .commission on
the marginal readings. He said:
Somebody here has said he is opposed to
everybody putting out a Bible. I am not.
I use, and it Is the best Bible I know of. one
that was provided by a Plymouth Brpther In
England about fifty years ago.
The Rev. Dr.' Watermann of New
Hampshire, in discussing' the subject,
said:
(rested by the commission and some hilar
ity was caused by the reading. Continu*
ing, the speaker said:
These changes I have quoted were made on
the responsibility of the commission. If the
amendment Is adopted there will be no loss
to the work of the commission. There jviU
be no loss if we read "possessed by.devllB
instead of "possessed by evil spirits"; there
will be no loss if we continue to read 'the
fish's belly" for "the whale's belly".; we shall
not be doing wrong by continuing to read -"cart
down to hell" for "cast down to the under
world." Then again I cannot understand cer
tain Greek translations that have been made.
If we adopt the report of the commission we
shall be introducing a Protestant Episcopal
Bible. I want something more catholic. I hear
that there are many different versions of the
Bible In use. I am opposed to the introduction
into that number of a Protestant Episcopal
one. \
- "I submit that when the version of 1611
was presented to the Anglican church there
was no resolution, no canon, no motion of
uniformity which ever established the author
ity of that version. I further submit that in
asmuch as we are under no obligation what
ever to the use of the authorized version at
the lectern, where It is not definitely, clearly
and precisely the word of God, I submit that
it is an outrage that any priest should be
asked on Christmas morning to read on one
of our two great festivals the worst translated
piece of Hebrew In the whole of the Old Tes
tament. I further submit that Inasmuch as
there Is no authorized I version it is in the
nature of a limitation of liberty that I
should be asked to accept a compromise, which
is the nature of this' marginal reading report:
a compromise which challenges the specific
objection and the only tremendously weighty
objection which lies to the revised version.
The chief objection against the revised \u25a0 ver
sion is simply this: that the most eminent
body of scholars that : the Anglican church
has ever produced did make a (pedal text
for the Greek on which that revised transla
tion Is , based, I submit that this marginal
Chairman Lindsay ruled that Dr. Spalding' s
amendment was not strictly speaking an
amendment to Dr. Crawford's amendment.
'Dr. Spalding later asked Dr. Mann. if he
had any objection to dividing this question.
Dr. Mann said he had, as it would confuse
things. He stated that -the only action before
the house was to allow the use of certain
readings In the public reading of the lessons
of the Old and New Testaments. Nothing, he
Stated, is. said as to where they are being
printed or In what : manner they are being
printed. He said this was a' question that
could not be divided.
The Rev. Dr. Perclval H. Hlckman of Colo
rado followed and said:
"Therefore, I move you. Mr. Chairman, that
this question be divided in the way I say:
first, the question brought up by the motion
of Dr. Mann and then the question of the mar
gin as distinctive from the- interlining method,
and then the other question following.
The Rev. Dr. Kim arose to a point, of
order. He said it was substantially a repe
tition of the resolution of the committed for
which Dr. Mann's was an amendment. That
being the case, Dr. Spalding' s suggestion was
out of order. ' . . . ,
WANTS QXTESTION" DIVIDED.
ough criticism. The second objection was that
the proposed changes lack authority In weight
of scholarship. The third was that they would
be an obstacle to the missionary operations of
the church. The fourth I was that there was
too large an element of interpretation and com
ment in many of the proposed readings for
them to be called accurately a transaction.
Numerous questions were asked 'Dr. Gram
mcr at the close of. his argument. He said he
was not criticising the committee as a whole,
but only portions of its report.
The Rev. Dr. Spalding of Alabama then took
the platform and said in part:
"I am almost afraid that taking the plat
form will incline me to a speech, but I will
try to conform myself In regard to that. X
arose simply to urge the division of the whole
question. I would like to have what Dr. Gram
mer has been discussing come before us as to
what goes' in the marginal reading.
"If w'e settle It should go into the mar
gin. Then I think a separate question should
come up as to whether a clergyman should be
allowed to read that, in the lessons, in the place
of the King James text,' or whether he should
bring it forward as the command of the church
In the way of a commentary; that these mar
ginal readings would not be the Individual
commentary of some learned man. but would
be the authorized commentary by the council
of this church,- and when those points have
been discussed then I think we should come
to final action on the whole matter. This mat
ter should be adopted separately and In
order. I have heard here that certain words
were blank to certain laymen. I never found
any difficulty In expounding the word of God
to the ordinary layman. '. I think very little
Instruction on the part of the clergy will fa
miliarize them with its meaning. Some of it
I have heard expounded In modern slang. I
don't think the sacrednesa of the word can
be preserved In any such way as that and I
would rather, as far as I am concerned, make
use of the wisdom of this committee and all
other committees and preserve the text that
has been sacred to our Anglican life.
Notifying the deputies that it had adopted
a resolution for the appointment of a Joint
committee, according to title U, canon 8. to
nominate seven persons to serve as trustees
of the fund for the relief of the widows and
orphans of deceased and disabled clergymen.
Its part of the committee being the Bishops of
Colorado and West Missouri.
That it had adopted the following resolu
tion;.
"Resolved, the House of Deputies concur
ring, that a joint committee be appointed,
consisting of five Bishops, five presbyters and
five laymen, to take the whole Kubject of a
chance of the name of this church into con
sideration; to ascertain as nearly as possible
the minds of church people In general con
cerning it, and to make a report at the next
General Convention, with such suggestions as
may commend themselves to their Judgment."
and that the House of Bishops had appointed
as members of 'said committee on Its part the
Bishops of Missouri, New Jersey, West Vir
ginia, Pittsburg and Ohio.
The deputies concurred in this action of
the Bishops. *••
The House of Bishops also by message
notified the deputies that it had adopted
a resolution concurring 1 with the -action
of the latter In selecting Boston as the
place of meeting of the next General Con
vention.
The session' cf the house was then ad
journed until 8 p. m.
of the land have given the people to help them
In the use of the Word of God. I think It will
be a distlnguishment of this convention if only
it will adopt the report on marginal readings
that the commission has put forth.
MESSAGES FROM THE BISHOPS.
The hour of adjournment having been
reached the chair announced that the fol
lowing: messages from the House of Bish
ops would be read:
4
Learned Theologians Discuss Changes in the Holy Book of Prayer and
Commend the Committee for Its Faithful Services.
SOME PRELATES WHO DISCUSSED THE CANON ON MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE.
House of Bishops
Passes Canon
36.
ONE of ths most Important pieces {
/of church legislation considered !
'.by the House of Blshopjf at- tU^-~ *
present session is canon 36, re- [
lating to the solemnization of
marriage and the prohibition
of remarriage of divorced per
sons, which was adopted yesterday by a
vote of 37 to 29. The debate on the sub
ject was long 'and interesting. This redion
will come up for discussion in the House
of Deputies to-day, and from the senti
ments of many members it is thought the
measure will not be concurred in.
This canon has long been under consid
eration by the clerics and laity. It has
been advocated for many years. Commit
tees were appointed by both houses at the
ninth triennial convention, which held
joint sessions and framed amendments to
the canon. These committees reported
back to their respective houses. Yester
day the Hou3e of Bishops took action,
and to-day the deputies will In all proba
bility follow its example.
MAJtRIAGE A2TD DIVORCE.
The canon passed is ds follows:
The solemnization of matrimony In this
church Is a service in which the mutual con
sent of the parties entering Into this state of
life Is given In the presence of a minister, who,
having pronounced them in the Name of the
Holy Trinity to be man and wife, invokes the
divine blessing upon their union.
In the solemnization of matrimony the min
isters of this church shall be careful to ascer
tain and to observe the law of the State gov
erning the civil contract of marriage in tlw
place where the service shall be performed.
No minister shall solemnize the marriage of
any person, who under the law of the place of
marriage la not free to marry without the
consent of parent or guardian, unless the parent
or guardian of such minor Is present and con
senting, or shall have given written consent to
the marriage, or is permanently resident In a>
foreign country.
No minister shall solemnize a. marriage except
In the presence of at least two witnesses, nor.
In case the parties are unknown to the minister
without the presence of witnesses to whom the
parties are personally known, unless in the
Judgment of the minister It shall be lmDracti
cable to obtain such witnesses.
Every minister shall without delay formally
record In the proper register the name, age and
residence of each party. Such record shall be
signed by the minister who performs the cere
mony, and. If practicable, by the married par
t es and by at least two witnesses of the mar
riace.
Xo. minister shall aolemntse *
nmrrlnsf bettreen mny tvr© Demons
ha^"«^?J«*3 tl i!i by 'ft*' 1 ** he .hall
?™«J! «i «K d £ lm w eU th*t neither
X? »«£ *i, the h «" b »»«» or the w.te
ot any other peraon then living, or
h«« been the hnnband or the wife
2ii r +2 tb f r P« rso » then living;
5 £* fo ™»« marriage wan an
nulled by a decree of Nome civil
court o* competent jurisdiction for
PROHIBITS
REMARRIAGE
Continued to Page Four.
MASTER MINDS. DISCUSS REVISION OF THE SCRIPTURES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1901.
2
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEBPICIDirs MISSION".
New Remedy That Destroys the Dan-
druff Germs.
Nothing is more annoying to men or
women of middle age when they notice
that their hair is .growing thinner, when
they must admit that the first Indications
of baldheadedness have commenced to ap-
pear. Many would give a thousand dol-
lars and more for a remedy with which
to preserve their natural headdress. How-
ever, they don't need to. Newbro's Herp-
iclde removes the effect of dandruff by
destroying the cause, the only dandruff
cure that actually destroys the dandruff
perm.
To Cure a Cold in One Bay
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It fails to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature li on each box. 25c. •
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by-
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the fat
and alkali not. well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is gopd soap?
PearsV^.;LONDON, Oct. 9.— A singular accident,
which may possibly throw light on the
loss of the torpedo boat destroyer Cobra
recently, has just occurred to the torpedo
boat destroyer Crane. While she was on
her way from Portcmouth to Portland
the engine hands noticed that her deck
beams were buckling amidships. The de
stroyer immediately returned at full speed
to Portsmouth.' An examination made of
her shows that 'there was Imminent dan
ger of another disaster like that which
befell the Cobra. ,. ?.••\u2666-\u25a0'
Torpedo Boat Destroyer in Peril.
Rear Admiral Wlnfield Scott Schley waa
placed on the retired list to-day, havlngr reached
the age of 62 years, at which officers of that
grade— except those who have received a vole
of thanks by Congress^ — retire from active ser
vice in time of peace. Such, at least, is the
operation of the law in the case of Schley, for
an act passed June, 1900, permitted "any re
tired officer during the following twelve years
to apply for active duty at sea or on shore
as he might be able to perform," but as the
Navy Department would have to approve such
a request it Is not to be supposed that the
Secretary would favor Schley to any euch ex
tent. In the highly \u25a0probable event of coming
out unscathed from the searching inquiry into
his professional conduct during the Spanish-
American war it is most likely that the ad
ministration will i make such reparation in Its
power by giving Schley such duty as he might
The" service record of a little over forty-five
years of Rear Admiral Schley had been with
out a blemlBh up to May, 1898, and the allega
tions of disobedience of orders, cowardice, etc.,
are yet to be substantiated. It is asserted that
Schley was popular only with a small number
of officers . in the service, but the same may
be said against Sampson. The latter's friends,
however, were power(ul and constituted the so
called navy ring at Washington,, and it Is
difficult to conceive by what course of reason
ing the Navy Department came to the con
clusion that the selection of Captain" Sampson
as commander-in-chief-was legal or proper.
There was not a single Incident in that offi
cer's career to single him out as "eminently
distinguished" above other officers; on the con
trary his record was not so good as that of
eome of those of higher or the same rank. \
As. however, the ill-feeling engendered by
the selection of Sampson over that of other
ranking officers has narrowed down to Schley'
vs. Sampson, it is unnecessary to give the rec
ords of others than these two, and their service
record is presented in a condensed form, sing
ling out incidents by which either one may lay
claim to distinction, be it good or bad. '
Schley entered the naval academy September
20 1856, and graduated June 15, I860, standing
number 21 in a class of 26. Sampson entered
one year later— September -24— and graduated
June 1 1861, being number 1 In a class of 20.
After graduation Schley made a cruise In the
frigate Niagara, returning to the United States
in April, 1861. and served successively in the
Potomac, Wlnona, Monongahela and. Richmond,
participating in battles and skirmishes, up to
July, 1S63, when, after a short shore leave, he
Sea and Shore Service Rendered by
Schley and Sampson.
RECORDS OF THE ADMIRALS.
SALEM. Or., Oct. 9.— Governor Geer leaves
October 17 for Columbus, Ohio, to participate
in the campaign in that State, making speech
es for the Republicans. The Governor to-day,
in response to a question as to his opinion of
the Schley court of inquiry, said:
"Of all the stupid, senseless, childish affairs
that have ever engaged the attention . of the
Government, the Schley investigation takes the
blue ribbon without a rival. One might sup
pose that some blunder had occurred at Santi
ago by .which our forces had met with defeat
and through which we had been humiliated
before the world. It is said the Brooklyn
made a loop, therefore Schley should be cen
sured. Well, euppose a loop was made; since
after the fight was over there was nothing
left to shoot at that ever wore Spanish colors,
it is difficult to surmise what more could have
been expected or desired. To be of sufficient
importance to justify an investigation, it must
be true that the making of that loop detracted
somewhat from the completeness of an Ameri
can victory,' but since, notwithstanding the
loop, the entire Spanish fleet was swept from
the face of the sea, it makes a timid man
shudder to contemplate what might have hap
pened if for any reason, the loop had been
neglected. By all means censure Schley for
making that loop."
Oregon's Governor Uses Warm Lan
guage to Describe Schley Court.
"STTTPTD AND CHILDISH."
LONDON, Oct. 9.— Lord Kitchener re
ports to the War Office that his brother,
General E. W. Kitchener, engaged Com
mander in Chief Botha's main body of
Boers twenty miles northeast of Vryheid
on the Natal border last Sunday. The
Boers retreated to the north. General
Kitchener is keeping in touch with them.
The British had a lieutenant and two ser
geants killed and ten men wounded.
Boers who are without wagrons are- it
ported near Nparankulu, and the British
southern column is approaching: that
point.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 9.— Martial law will
be modified in Its application to the port*
by leaving the docks, railroads and har
bors under the control of the civil author
ities. . Military rule will be mitigated in
some other respects, i
British Troops Engage Force Under
Botha, Three Officers Being Killed
and Ten Men Wounded.
KITCHENER'S BROTHER
BATTLES WITH BOERS
When, after much delay, the Navy Depart
ment took action, November, 1893, in the alleged
irregularities. Secretary Herbert appointed Cap
tain Sampson to investigate the truth of the
charges and extent of the frauds, if any. There
was no escaping the fact that serious frauds
had been committed. It was found that sixty
six armor plates, distributed among twelve
ships, were either seriously defective or had
been improperly treated, and - the Carnetrie
Frlck-Schwab Company was fined the nominal
sum of $140,000. . Sampson and his inspectors
were not even censured for their neglect none
of the defective . plates were removed from tha
ships and Sampson continued as chief of the
bureau o£-ordnance until June, 1897. -
A third incident In Samnson's shore career
Is the part he took in ferreting out the armor
frauds of Carneffle in 1S94, committed while
Sampson was chief of the bureau of ordnance,
and as such had direct supervision over the
official inspectors appointed to prevent such
frauds on the Government. .
As to the sea service of W. T. Sampson the
records show that he served over five years on
the Colorado and Congress on the European
station, two years in China waters on the
Swatara. one and a half years in the Pacific
on the San Francisco and ten months on the
Atlantic station on the Iowa prior to March,
189S. There was not a single Incident in these
ten years to indicate that Sampson was "head
and shoulders" over any other officer
performing' similar routine service, and
his "eminent distinguished courage, skill
and .genius In profession" must there
fore be sought for in his shore
service record. Sampson Indicated very early
in his career a preference for shore duty and
has spent about fifteen years at the naval
academy and over nine years on various as
signments in Washington. It was while super
intendent at the naval academy, 1SS5-90, that
an incident occurred which caused unfavorable
comments throughout the service, tha details
of which were as follows: The superintendent
of the naval academy is allowed the Sea pay
of his grade and In addition to furnished quar
ters Is also allowed a cook and steward paid
from the regular appropriation. Sampson, how.
ever, v^s apparently not satisfied that he- had
enough help, and, as ho claims, had an un
derstanding With the cook and steward by
which they consented to a reduction in their
pay sufficient to enable Sampson to hire ad
ditional help without paying for it himself.
Subsequently the - two servants sued Sampson
in a Justice's Court and recovered their re
tained pay. It was an unsavory scandal and
soon after the captain was detached and sent
out to the Union Iron Works to superintend
the completion of the cruiser San Francisco.
Again, in 1891, Sampson distinguished him
self as senior member of a board of inquiry
into the causes of delay in the sailing- of the
Alert. It was well known that Captain Hitch
cock, .Lieutenant Commander Wainwrlght and
Chief Engineer Ford were unwilling to sail in
so small and undesirable a ship as the Alert
and that they resorted to all the means to
prevent sailing. An excuse was found, in the
discovery that the vessel had been Improperly
repaired, and for this alleged neglect the con
structor was clearly responsible. The motto
In the navy Ig. however, that "officers must
stick together" whenever it can be done, and
another victim had to be found. Sampson dis
covered It In a foreman, whose first knowledge
about anything 'being wrong with him came
with a letter of dismissal from the Navy De
partment upon the recommendation of Samp
son. "\u25a0._*.
When Schley's term as chief of the bureau of
equipment expired he turned over to the treas
ury an unexpended balance of about {100,000,
stating In his report of September 1, 1888: "I
have the honor to. report that all appropria
tions for this year have been found sufficient
and in some there are unexpended balances to
revert to the treasury." This action of Schley
caused considerable unfavorable comments from
other department chiefs, it being considered
a bad precedent not to expend the entire ap
propriation and to ask for more. • -
"The names of the officers and men of the
vessels of the relief squadron form a part of
this order. / -
"WILLIAM E. CHANDLER,
"Secretary of the Navy."
"The Navy Department announces to the ser
vice the safe arrival at Portsmouth, N. H., on
the 1st of August, of the Thetis, Bear and
Alert, composing the Arctic relief squadron,
after having successfully accomplished the ob
ject of their mission, in the rescue of Lieu
tenant Greely of the army and the other sur
vivors of his party.
"The department extends its cordial and
earnest congratulations to Commander Schley.
commanding the expedition, and to the office: 3
and men of his command, upon ' the distin
guished success of their efforts, and takes this
occasion of publicly commending the courage,
zeal and judgment with which they executed
their difficult and dangerous duty.
In 1S84 an Arctic expedition was sent out for
the relief of Lieutenant Greely, U. S. A. The
ships composing this expedition were the
Thetis, Bear and Alert, W. S. Schley com
manding the squadron, on the first named ship.
XV. H. Emory and George W. Coffin captains
of the Bear and Alert. The success of the
expedition caused the Secretary of the Navy,
William E. Chandler, -to issue the following
general order. No. 3Z1, under date of August
6, l£84: \u25a0
BCHLEY..
Ship. From. ' To.
Benlcla .....: Nov., '69 Aug., '72
Essex Sept.. '76 Oct., '79
Thetis Feb., "84 ..Sept.. '84
Baltimore Aug., '89 Feb.. '93
New York Oct., "95 March, '37
2d sq. N. A. Fleet..... March, '98 Nov., '93
South Atlantic Station Nov., '99 Aprll\ '01
Total sea service. /T.. 18 yearn 8 months
SHORE SERVICE.
SCHLEY.
Shore Duty. - From. To.
Naval Academy Aug., '66 Aug., '69
Naval Academy Sept., '72 July, '76
Lighthouse Inspector... Oct., '79 Nov., '79
Bureau of Equipment.. Nov., '79 Oct.. "80
Lighthouse Inspector... Oct., '80 Feb., '84
Chief Bur. Equipment. Sept, '84. .....Aug., '89
Lighthouse Inspector... Feb., '92 March, '95
Inspection Board March. '95 Oct., '95
Lighthouse Board March, '97. .March, "98
. Total shore duty to
date 25 years 3 months.
Unemployed 1 year 7 months.-' '
7 SEA SERVICE.
\u25a0 SAMPSON.
Ship. ' -From... To.
Colorado April, '66. ......Oct., '67
Congress June, '71... May, '74
Swatara Dec, '79.. .'Jan., '82
San Francisco. Nov.. "90 :June, "92
Iowa June, '97 March, '9S
North Atlantic Fleet... March, '98 Oct., '99
Total sea eervice - 14 years 11 months
SHORE SERVICE.
SAMPSON.
Shore Duty. From. To.
Naval Academy June, '61 Sept., '64
Naval Academy Oct., '67 June, '71
Naval Academy May, '74 May, '78
Special duty, Wash May, '73 Dec, '79
\u25a0Naval Observatory Jan., '82 Nov., '84
Torpedo station Nov., '84 Sept., '86
Sup. Naval Academy... Sept. '86 May, 'DO
Union Iron Works...... Aug., '90 Nov., '90
Chief Bur. of Ordnance Feb., '93 June, '97
Boston Navy Yard.'.... Oct., '99 To date,
.Total shore duty to
date 27 years 11 months.
Unemployed ....-y^.... 1 year 7 months.
In June, 1871, when Schley was executive
officer of the Benicla, a naval expedition cap
tured five Korean forts as a punishment for
having -fired upon i surveying- parties from
American ships. Commander Klmberly, cap
tain of the Benlcia, wrote to the Navy Depart
ment saying:
"To Lieutenant Commander W. S. Schley be
longs the credit of organizing the expedition
and carrying out the several details, which
went far to prevent confusion and insure suc
cess. His arrangement of the boats, his super
intendence of. the various labors on shore in
destroying the guns and forts, encouraging the
men and setting them a brave example, in
being the second in the fort at its storming
and being in readiness at all times to render
assistance where most needed, render praise
unnecessary. Tho facts of his labors and ac
tions, judgment and system speak for them
selves. I commend him to your notice."
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Oct. 9.— In the
presence of an assemblage which included
relatives and friends and guests repre
senting to an unusual degree the legisla
tive and financial Interests of the United
States John D. Rockefeller Jr. of New
York and Miss Abby Green Aldrich,
daughter of United States Senator N: W.
Aldrich, were married at Warwick, N. J.,
Senator Aldrlch's summer home, to-day.
The Episcopal service was pronounced
by the Rev. James G. Vose, formerly .pas
tor of the Beneficent \u25a0 Congregational
Church of this city. Miss Aldrich, a sis
ter of the bride, was the maid of honor,
and Miss Elsie Aldrlch was the flower
maid. The bride was given away by her
father. Everett Colby of New York, a
college friend of Rockefeller, acted a3
best man. Immediately after the cere
mony, a reception was held and the wed
ding breakfast was served in a temporary
annex.
Lawmakers and Financiers Make Up
a Distinguished Company at
the Wedding.
SON" OF "ROCKEFELLER
MABBIES MISS ALDBICH
the turn, is 4600 yards, the Maria Teresa 3700
yards. Taken from the chart when the Maria
Teresa and Oquendo were about to run aahdre.
which is practically the nearest point, the
Oo.uendo was-2S0O yards from the Brooklyn and
the Harla Teresa 3000 yards."
Quoting Lieutenant Commander Hodgson's
statement that the shortest range of the
Brooklyn's guns in. the battle was HOD yards
and her greatest 250Q yards, and referring to
the fact that a number of the Brooklyn 5-inch
shells had struck the Spanish ships, Mr. Kay
nor asked a number of questions for the pur
pose of showing that it' the distance was as
great as the chart shows and the guns were
set for the range given, it would have been
impossible for the shots to go to the mark.
"Isn't it certain," he asked, "if the shots
struck that the chart is incorrect?"
The witness replied that "the Maria Teresa
and the Oquendo could have been hit with
nve-lnch guns."
"With guns set at that range?"
"Yes; she could do it. I have seen some
ve ry wild flre when a ship has any motion on."
Captain Lemly then took the witness, devel
oping the fact that he had been for six months
In the coast survey, where he had dally used
the sextant. The Judge Advocate asked: "How
far would have been the Brooklyn from the
leading Spanish ships just emerging from the
harbor of Santiago provided she had immedi
ately started ahead at twelve knots?"
In reply the witness said: "At twelve knots
speed she would go in live minutes 2000 yards,
it she was going ot that speed, but she was
dead in the water, as I understand. Then, I
should say she would make about 1000 yards
thu first five minutest! 'That would mean that
she was close to 6000 yards from the Morro.
The ships when I first sighted them were at
Caysmith. I bellexe that to the best of my
recollection to be 1000 yards inside the Morro.
These ships came out of there at about ten or
twelve knots. At twelve knots they would go
one-twelfth of a knot in five minutes. That is
2000 yards, but they turned to the westward,
so they did not go 2C0O yards."
The court then asked: "Do you know that
any orders were signaled to the fleet by the
Brooklyn during the battle of July 3?"
"From, my own personal observation, I do
not know."
Indiana's Captain Testifies.
Lieutenant Bristol was then excused and
Rear Admiral Taylor was called. He- stated
that when the battle off Santiago on July 3
began the Indiana, of which he was in com
mand, had occupied the easternmost post of the
line of blockade, having- taken the place of the
flagship Xew York when it left for Siboney.
In reply to a question from the judge advo
cate as to whether he had observed the posi
tion of the Brooklyn at the time of the begin
ning of the battle, the witness said: .
"Just before the beginning of the battle I
did, and on two other occasions thereafter."
"After the beginning of the battle, please
state where you observed the Brooklyn, whether
you noticed her proximity to the Texas, and
what It was."
"When the battle had been on about ten or
fifteen minutes my attention was attracted to
the Brooklyn by my signal officer, Captain
Dawson. He said to me that tne Brooklyn
must be injured, or words to that effect, as
she was dropping out of action. I observed the
Brooklyn heading apparently south, or offshore.
She was then on my port bow, half a mile per
haps ahead of me, and at that time a mile out
side the line of our column. She was not turn
ing as far as I could see. The Texas was ap
parently lying still in the water. I did not see
whether she was backing or not. The distance
between those two ships was impossible for me
to see. as they were too nearly in line for me
to judge of the distance between them. I sim
ply observed that there was a bunch of ships
ahead of me. Not more than a- few minutes
later my attention was again turned to the
Brooklyn. She had then proceeded a distance
not over two miles and not under one mile
from the time I had seen her first, and the
second time I saw her, as near as I could fig
ure out, one and a half miles to seaward of
our column of battle. Immediately afterward
she passed into thick smoke, which was lying
in patches about. I took no further notice of
her. On thesa two occasions, however, my rec
ollection \ is very plain and the distance very
near to what I stated. "
In reply to a question If there was any at
tempt on the part of any Spanish vessels to
ram any of the vessels of the American
squadron, witness replied:
"I observed that there was no such attempt."
Objection to the Signals.
When the judge advocate had concluded his
interrogatories Kaynor began his cross-exam
ination with an effort to introduce certain sig
nals which had passed between the Indiana
and Admiral : Sampson's flagship, the New
York, in the early morning of July 3, 1S9S.
Captain Lemly made immediate objection and
Mr. Raynor presented an earnest plea to be al
lowed to read the signals. He was not 'per
mitted at that time to do so, but it is under
stood that the signals alleged to have been sent
from the New York to the Indiana were dated
at S a. m. on that date and were an invitation
to accompany her to Siboney. The admiral's
invitation was wigwagged by Captain Chad
wick and was as follows:
'The admiral wishes to know if you will join
him this morning in going to see General
Ehafter?"
To this Captain Taylor replied at 8:37:
"Work aboard ship previously going- on pre
vents me from going with you to-day."
Mr. Raynor contended that the signals were
among the most important occurrences of the
day prior to the time that the command of
the fleet devolved upon Commodore Schley.
Captain Xemly replied that under previous
rulings of the court the reading of the signals
were clearly Inadmissible. He, however,
agreed that he would consult with Mr. Ray
nor, and that If after this consultation the
question including the reading of the signals
should appear proper. Admiral Taylor could be
recalled and the question asked.. To this Mr.
Raynor consented and the court took a recess
for luncheon.
At the afternoon session Admiral Taylor said
that on the morning of the battle of July 3
the Indiana had signaled: "The enemy is
escaping."
The court asked only one question of Ad
miral Taylor, as follows:
"Was the Indiana In such position with ref
erence to the Brooklyn and the enemy's ships
just after they cleared the entrance of the
harbor that you could form a fairly correct
estimate of the distance between them?"
"At the time mentioned there were but two
occasions when the smoke permitted me to see
the Brooklyn distinctly. I could not, there
fore. Eay what was the distance between the
enemy and the Brooklyn Just arter the Spanish
fleet came out of the harbor."
Admiral Taylor was then excused and Lieu
tenant Commander Templin M. Potts, who was
navigator of the Massachusetts, was called.
Commander Potts said that he had been on the
Massachusetts on May 81, the day of the bom
bardment of j the Colon, when Commodore
Schley had used that vessel as his flagship.
# Remarks Made by Schley.
Detailing Commodore Schley's conversation
on that occasion the witness said:
"When Commodore Schley came on board I
heard him say: 'Higginson, I am going In
with you and the Iowa and pot the Colon with
your big guns. I want to fire deliberately
Admiral .Sampson will be here, to-morrow
morning and I wish to destroy the Colon ' or
words to that effect. After that there 'was
a conversation between Commodore Schley and
the commanding officer of the ship as to when
we would go in, and it was determined that
we would allow the men to go to dinner and
go in afterward, which we did. Later on
about 1 o'clock, I think, while on the port
bridge Just abaft the pilot-house, I was pres
ent at a conversation between Commodore
Schley and Captain Higginson, in which the
question of where the ship was to be foueht
was under discussion. Commodore Schley
asked Captain Hlgpinson what position he in
tended to take. He replied: N 'I think the
conning tower.' Commodore Schley replied
"Yes, I think that is wisest* Shortly after
this Commodore Schley and his staff the cap
tain and myself went down to the conning
tower, ort the forward thirteen-inch turret
Commodore Schley, Commander Schroeder i
think Commodore Schley's personal staff and
myself were standing as the ship was stand
ing in toward the entrance. Commodore Schlev
said in my hearing and presence: 'Gentlemen
we are very conspicuous objects here in white'
I think we had better get out of this.' Com
modore Schley left the forward thirteen-inch
turret and took his place on the small plat
form on the lee side of the conning- tower "
Captain Lemly — At what stage of the engage
ment was this? ~
"As we were steaming in toward the en
trance before we had turned to the east
ward."
Captain Lemly— Did you hear any further
conversation?
"I heard the conversation when Commodore
Schley was leaving the ship in which he stated
that he was satisfied with the reconnoissance
that he had made in drawing the fire of the
batteries, or words to that effect."
"What was the bearing of Commodore Schley
during the engagement of May 31, to which
you have already ref erred?"
"His bearifig and manner were those of a
man who was suffering under extreme mental
excitement; of one who had a disagreeable
duty to perform and performed it reluctantly
and tried to get through with it as soon as he
could."
Mr. Raynor then began his cross-examina
tion.
"Who was the captain of your ship?" he
"Francis J. Higginson."
Prior to this, when Senator Henry Cabot
Lodge, immediately after the death of
Mr. McKinley, hastened to London and
over the head of the Embassador had a
long conference with Lord Lansdowne.
the general idea was that the new Presi
dent desired to ascertain the views of the
British Ministry without the intermediary
of an Anglophile Minister. Later, when
Senator Wolcott of Colorado made a fly
ing visit to London and betrayed an un
usual dislike to being quoted in interviews,
the opinion gained ground that here was
possibly the next representative of Amer
ica in London.
While dispatches from Washington fore
told the possible retirement of John Hay
from the Cabinet on account of differences
of. opinion. with the new President as to
the foreign policy, Americans in London
predicted that before such an event were
possible it was a foregone conclusion that
Choate- would retire, as he entertains the
same views as Hay. The Nicaragua
treaty is regarded as the last straw call
ing for a new Embassador to the court of
St. James.
LONDON,* Oct. 9.— Joseph Choate,
United States Embassador to Great Brit
ain, with Mrs. Choate, will leave London
for New York on Saturday. "Whether he
will return again in his Embassadorial ca
pacity Is not known, but general -opinion
Is that he will not.
Since the accession of Mr. Roosevelt to
the Presidential chair the American col
ony in -London has been speculating when
a change would be announced at the em
bassy, Mr. Choate being regarded as a
positive antithesis to the stalwart policy
as personified byyMr. Roosevelt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"None that I ever knew of."
Lieutenant Leiper was then called. He
served on the New Orleans during the Span
ish war and. told of the participation of that
vessel in the bombardment of the Colon May
31. He described the engagement, saying
there was no order either to fire at or to
m:Jce observations of the batteries. But not
withstanding this, he did fire at the eastern
batteries on his own responsibility. One shot
from the enemy fell thirty or forty yards
from the New Orleans. He thought all the
shots from the American ships had fallen
short of the Colon.
The witness said he had secured his most
accurate idea of the strength of the shore bat
teries by the fact that on June 14 the New
Orleans had approached to within 1650 yards
of them, remaining for twenty minutes and
silencing them after four or five minutes.
Lieutenant Leiper was still on the stand
when the court adjourned for the day.
•"What efforts were rrt^fieby the vessels .of
the flying Squadron prior' to the arrival of
the Marblehead: to determine whether or not
Cervera's squadron was in the harbor of Cien
fuejros?"
"I quoted conversations that I had had. The
first thing was the apparent anxiety of Com
modore Schley about using the conning trfwer.
Secondly his stating that at a distance of
five to six miles men standing on the forward
13-inch turret were conspicuous objects."
"Did the commodore use the conning tower?"
"I did not see the' commodore go into the
conning tower. To the best of my knowledge
and belief he did not. He was outside the
conning tower and between the conning tower
and the heavy plate that protects the manhole
in the conning tower. My preconceived idea of
Commodore Efchley previous to that occasion
was so entirely different from the Impression
I received on that day I concluded that he cer
tainly was under a tremendous mental strain."
"Have you ever . been under any mental
strain in time of battle?"
"I have been scared."
"Have you any other facts from which you
base your statement to the court that he was
laboring under mental excitement except the
facts which you have given?"
"Yes. When Commodore Schley came on
board tho Massachusetts he stated in distinct
terms that he was goins in to destroy the
Colon. The Colon was not destroyed. When
he' left tne ship he called it a "reconnoissance,"
drawing the fire of the batteries and devel
oping their weakness or strength."
"Do you gather from that that he was labor
ing under great mental excitement?"
•'From that and from circumstances I have
already stated from my observation of him
from the time he came on board the ship un
til he left."
"Suppose you were made aware of the fact
that when he entered into that engagement he
was under obligations to the Navy Depart
ment to not engage batteries if there was any
danger of the' shore batteries crippling the
ships, would you say, if you knew of that, he
was still laboring under great mental excite
ment?"
"I cannot answer that question."
Captain Lemly objected to the Introduction
of tho Navy Department's orders aa evidence,
but the court decided they could be put in.
Mr. Raynor then asked 'concerning ! the
weather on the trip from Cienfuegos and the
witness said that on May 23 it had been what is
called "dirty." There was an easterly wind
and a moderate sea, rough for small vessels.
The witness said on further examination that
Lieutenant Commander Schroeder, Lieutenant
Zars : and Lieutenant Wells had been present
during the bombardment of the Colon, when
Commodore Schley had remarked that as they
were conspicuous objects on the thirteen-inch
turret it would be better to move away.
Referring to the Spanish shore batteries at
Santiago, Commander Potts said'- they would
have been no menace to armored ships passing
them.
At the suggestion of Judge Advocate Lemly
and in accordance with the decision of the
court, Mr. Raynor here formally Introduced
as evidence the order of the Navy Department
concerning the exposure of the American
ships to the fire of the'shore batteries. The
crder is that issued by Secretary Long, April
6, 1898, and directed to Admiral Sampson. The
court asked questions as follows:
"Can you give the distance the large ves
sels were from the entrance to Cienfuegos on
the early morning of either the 22d or 23d of
May?"
"I do not recollect being nearer than I
have said, four or five miles."
"Apparently."
"Had Captain Higgrinson opportunity to ob
serve him on that occasion?"
"Not as well as I did."
"Why was that?" ' - *
"Because Captain Higginson was In the
conning tower and I was outside."
••Did not Captain Higginson have any con
versation with the commodore at that time?"
"From time to time, yes."
"What do you mean by 'mental excite
ment?' "
"I want to read you what Captain Hlffgln
son says about Commodore Schley's manner
and bearing upon that action. He say a: 'His
manner was that of a commander la chief.'
He left a different impression in your mind
from what he left on Captain Higglnson's mind,
then?" .'
Orders Sent by Secretary of the Navy Long to Sampson
During the Operations Along the Cuban Coast Admon
'ishing Him to Beware of Disaster Are Placed in Evidence
Americans in London Believe
Senator Wolcott Will
.Be Appointed. .
May Not Return to the
Court of St. James ,
as Embassador.
Distinguished Officer Who Commanded One of the Battle
ships That Participated in the Fight Off Santiago Gives
Impor.ant Testimony at the Schley Court of Inquiry
CHOATE LIKELY
TO LOSE MISSION
DRIGANDS WAIT
FOR THE RANSOM
Miss Stone Held Captive
on Mountain-Top on
the Frontier.
Abductors Number Eighteen,
and Bulgarian Troops Try
to Surround Them.
WASHINGTON, Oct. fl.— In the
Schley Naval Court of In
quiry to-day Lieutenant Mark
L. Bristol completed his tes
timony begun yesterday anl
three new witnesses were introduced.
They were Rear Admiral Henry C. Tay
lor, who as captain commanded the bat
tleship Indiana during the war with
Spain; Lieutenant Commander T. M.
Potts, who was navigator of the battle
ship Massachusetts during that period,
and Lieutenant Edward F. Leiper. who
was on the New Orleans during the war,
the last named being still on the stand
when the court adjourned for the day.
Admiral Taylor related incidents of the
battle off Santiago July 3, including the
Brooklyn's famous turn. He said that
none of the Spanish ships had made any
effort to ram the American vessels when
they came out of the harbor at Santiago.
Commander Potts' testimony dealt espe
cially with the bombardment of the co
lon. Answering a question from Judge.
Advocate Lemly as to the conduct ol
Commodore Schley during that engage
ment, he said it was that of a man labor
ing under great mental excitement and o£
a man who was anxious to discharge a&
soon as possible a disagreeable duty.
Lieutenant Leiper expressed the opinion
that the Spanish shore batteries at San
tiago had not been at any time formida
ble. . ,
During Commander Potts' examination
Mr. Raynor secured permission from the
court to introduce as evidence the order
of Secretary Long to Admiral Sampson
dated April 6, In which he was admon
ished against the exposure of the Ameri
can vessels to the tire of strongly forti
fied ports. The paragraph in that order
which he especially wished to be consid
ered reads as follows:
"The department does not wish the ves
sels of your squadron to be exposed to
the fire of the batteries at Havana, San
tiago de Cuba or other strongly fortified
ports in Cuba, unless the more formida
ble Spanish vessels should take refuge
within those harbors. Even in this case
the department would suggest that a rigid
blockade and employment of our torpedo
boats might accomplish the desired ob
ject, viz., the destruction of the enemy's
vessels, without subjecting unnecessarily
our own men-of-war to the fire of. the
land batteries."
The dispatch also contains the following
order:
"The department further desifes that in
case of war you will maintain a strict
blockade of Cuba, particularly at the/
ports of Havana, Matanzas and, If posai
ble, of Santiago de Cuba, Manzanillo and
Cienfuegos."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET X
VT., WASHINGTON. Oct. 9.— Miss Stone
has been located on a mountain on the
Turko-Bulgarian frontier. She was alive
and well on Saturday last. This was the
re^suring Information the State Depart
ment received to-day from Consul Gen
eral Dickinson at Sofia. It strengthens
the hope entertained by the officials that
the brigands have no Intention of putting
Miss Stone to death and that she will be
safe until the ransom is paid.
The State Department has forwarded to
Mr. Eddy, secretary of the legation at
Constantinople, who has been negotiating
with the brigands, a draft sent it by the
Boston Board of Missions. This draft Is
only half of the sum demanded, and de
termined efforts are being made to induce
the brigands to accept a smaller ransom
than they seek.
It would not surprise the officials should
the Bulgarian Government send troops to
eurround the mountain upon which the
brigands, with Miss Stone, have sought
refuge. The department dispatch Is rath
er vague, but indicates that this moun
tain is In Bulgarian territory. The
authorities would naturally prefer Miss
Stone's rescue without the payment of
ransom, but rather than that she should
be harmed they think the money should
be paid.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 9.— A trust
worthy report locates Miss Stone's ab
ductors on the summit of a mountain at
Gultepe. on tha Turko-Eulgarian frontier,
near Dubnitza. It is said that the kid
naping- band numbers eighteen. Arrange
ments have been made to surround the
mountain with Turkish and Bulgarian
troops. It has been suggested that the
abductors of M ; ss Stone are members of
the old Macedonian committee, actuated
by motives of jealousy, and that they are
endeavoring to accomplish the downfall
of the present committee. The Bulgarian
Government has promised to act vigor
ously.
CBEGOXT SHOBT LINE
BE-ELECTS ITS DIRECTORS
Annual Sleeting" of the Railroad
Shareholders Held at Salt "
Lake City.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Oct. 9.— The annual
meeting of the shareholders of the Oregon
Short Line Railroad Company took place
in the temporary offices of the company
at noon to-day. The nature of the busi
ness transacted was similar to that of
yesterday in the case of the meeting of
the shareholders of the Union Pacific, the
only difference being that the entire
board of directors was re-elected. Presi
dent Horace G. Burt of the Union Pa
cific. Judge Kelly. Attorney Parly L. Wil
liams of the Oresron Short Line, Vice
President Bancroft and Secretary Alex
ander Millar of the Union Pacific were
present and voted 273.372 shares by proxy.
The business transacted was of an entire
ly formal nature in order to meet the re
quirements of the law, and then the Visit
ing railroad officials adjourned to the Ore
gon Short Line depot and took a special
train for the East.
The names of the directors who were re
e'ected are: Oliver Ames, Francis S.
Bangs. Horace G. Burt. Samuel Carr, T.
Jefferson Coolidge Jr.. W. D. Cornish, W.
B. Glyn, Edwin Gould, George J. Gould.
E. H-jHarriman, Otto H. Kahn, Gardiner
M? ! Sacfie7*Oirver TV. Mink, Winslow S.
Pierce and Thomas R. Jones, the Salt
Lake banker.
EOBBESS STOP TBAI2T
BUT GET NO MONEY
Express Company Officials Informed
of a Kold-TJp Near an Ar
kansas City.
NEW ORLEANS. Oct. 9.— News of a
holdup of a train on the Kansas City,
Pittsfcurg and Gulf, near Ashdown. Ark.,
has reached the 'Wells-Fargo officials
here. The train was northbound from
Shreveport.
The information comes in a telegram to
the express people announcing the hold
up but saying that the robbers did not get
atiythins. The telegram says that the
valuables •which the robbers believed the
express car carried had been left In
6tireveport to go out by the daylight
train. The gang that held up the train.
Is believed to be the same that operat
ed against the Cotton Belt some time «ago.
Yale Will Honor Koosevelt.
"vTASHrNGTON, Oct. 9.— President
Tloosevelt will receive the degree of LL.D.
from Tale College October 23. The degree
was tendered him last spring. He will
leave for Washington immediately after
the decree is conferred.
Deaths From Plague in. TVTg-njip
LONDON, Oct. 9.— A news agency dis
patch from Madrid says the Spanish Con-
E'jl at Manila rei>orts that there were
forty-two bubonic plague cases there dur
ing 1 the month of Augrust, of which
fweaty-elght were fatal.
TESTIMONY OF WITNESSES.
Officers of the American "Warships
Tell of Important Conversations.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 9.— Notwithstanding to
day marks an important turning point in tha
career of Rear Admiral Schley, being nothing
less than the date of his transfer from the
active to the retired list of the navy, he was
in his accustomed seat within the railing of
the court of inquiry and gave his usual atten
tion to the proceedings of the court. The re
tirement of Rear Admiral Schley is In accord
ance with law, he having reached the age of
62 years. It was generally remarked he did
not look bis age.
The formal proceedings of the day began
with the reintroductlon of Lieutenant M. L.
Bristol formerly watch officer on the Texas,
as a witness. He wag under cross-examination
when the court adjourned last night and Mr.
Raynor continued his questions to-day.
Other witnesses on the list for to-day in
cluded Lieutenant Commander Potts, who was
navigator on the Massachusetts during the war
with Spain; Lieutenant Grant, who was also
on the Massachusetts: Rear Admiral H. C.
Taylor, who. as captain, commanded the bat
tleship Indiana; Commander William H.
Schuetz, who was navigator on the Iowa, and
lieutenant J. H. Holden, who, as an officer
en the Scorpion, made the log record of the
communication of Commander Southerland to
Commodore Schley concerning the condition off
Santiago.
Mr. Raynor began his examination of Lieu
tenant Bristol with questions concerning the
accuracy of the ; stadlmeter for the measure
ment of distances at sea. He asked If he
would rather trust his own visual observation
for a 4000- yard range than the instrument.
The witness stated that the stadimeter was
more accurate for distances below 4000 yards
than above that distance. At that distance he
would make several observations for confirma
tion of visual observation.
"Could you give me," asked Mr. Raynor, "a
point from which it Is entirely reliable?"
"Yes." was the reply, "at zero it is ab
solutely accurate."
The witness considered the sextant much
more reliable in measuring the distance be
tween ships. He had. he said, taken several
observations with the stadlmeter Just before
the Spanish fleet came out of the harbor and
had checked these with the sextant. He found
the distance from the Morro to be 5100 yards.
Lieutenant Bristol was also questioned by
Mr. Raynor concerning the distance out of. the
blockading vessels at ' Cienfuegos, but he de
clined to change his estimate of yesterday that
it was eight or ten miles distant from the har
bor. Mr. Raynor Eaid:
"I 'will read you Commodore Schley' s report
as to the blockade off Cienfuesros. He says:
'A line of blockade was established about four
miles off shore and at night an in-6hore line
was maintained consisting variously* of the
Scorpion, Dupont and Castine. the last named
vessel arriving on the 23d. convoying the Mer
rlmac' If you are right the commodore has
stated what has not occurred when he says:
'A line of blockade was established about four
miles off shore at Cienfuegos.' That is not
a correct statement of the commodore's, is it?"
Sure of His Figures.
"The statements I make are what I thought
and what I believe to be right I do not ques
tion other people's words."
"Now refresh your recollection with an offi
cial report. The statements you have made
are that during the day that squadron lay
off Cienfuegos from four to six to ten miles,
and during the night from eight- to ten miles.
Without questioning either. Commodore Schley
or yourself when I read you his official report
do you still stand on your statement about six
to ten miles?"
"I have to stand by my statement."
Speaking of the weather Vfluring the cruise
of the flying squadron from Cienfuegos to San
tiago the witness said there were fresh breezes
and that there was a moderate sea. A small
boat could, he said, have been lowered at any
time during the voyage.
Mr. Raynor also Interrogated Lieutenant Bris
tol concerning his estimate, made soon after
the arrival of the fleet off Santiago, that the
Spanish shore batteries amounted to but little.
He had said yesterday that the elevation of
these batteries was from 150 to 200 feet. Mr.
Raynor produced a chart to show that the
Morro battery was 220 feet above the water
line and the Zocapa battery 230 feet.
"Now then," asked Mr. Raynor, "are you
as positive about the distance you gave here
as in other cases In which you have given
distances?"
Captain Lemly objected to the form of tha
question, saying counsel was putting language
he had not used in the mouth of the witness.
Mr. Raynor . then made objection to the in
terruption and after stating this objection said
to the witness: "If you are not positive I
shall submit to any question."
Judge Advocate — The witness has not stated
that he was r>osltive.
Admiral Dewey— I would rather you would not
Interrupt the testimony.
Judge Advocate— If the court tells me I can
not do It I will submit to the order of the
court.
Admiral Dewey — If counsel for the applicant
has put words into the mouth of the witness
which he did not utter you (addressing Cap
tain Lemly) can bring it out at the proper time.
You will have an opportunity to do that.
Judge Advocate — That Is not the advant
ageous time to do it. The advantageous time
is when it Is done.
Mr. Raynor— In order not to put any words
in your mouth. w"hlch is an unfortunate in
sinuation, because I am after the truth, I will
give you an opportunity now to make a full
explanation as to whether you stated the ele
vation of these batteries to be between 100 and
200 feet.
I did state that."
"IMd you not state to me you are positive
as to other distances you have given In the
case?"
"I did."
"Do you still stand to your statement? Is
the map wrong and are you risrht?" .
"I will stand by my statement. I had not
Been the chart when I prepared my statement."
Gloucester "Was Endangered.
Mr. Raynor asked the witness whether there
had been any menace to any of the American
ships on July 3 from the shore batteries. Lieu
tenant Bristol replied that there was danger
to the Gloucester because that vessel was un
armored. He said that he did not consider the
New York in danger.
Mr. Raynor then read a report by Secretary
Long stating that on that "day the New York
had sustained the undivided fire of the shore
batteries.
"Do you still say, In view of that statement,
that the shore batteries did not amount to any
thing?"
"You asked my opinion." the witness re
plied, "and I have Riven it to you."
Admiral Dewey— "We don't want opinions.
At the request of Mr. Raynor the witness
made measurements from his chart' to show
the distance the Brooklyn was from the Span
ish ships during: the fight off Santiago. The
reply was: "The distance of the Oquendo from
the Brooklyn, taken from the chart just before
RAMMING WAS NOT TO BE FEARED,
SAYS INDIANA'S FORMER CAPTAIN
was ordered to the Wateree, In which vessel
he served until Irarch, 1866.-- \
Sampson's service during tl\e Civil War was
a brief stay on the Potomac, an occasional
cruise in the naval academy training ship, af
ter which, in September, 1864. he was ordered to
the monitor Patapsco. This vessel was sunk
by a torpedo on January 15, 1S65, terminating
its own and Sampson's war service.
Thenceforth the sea and shore service per
formed by the two officers may be seen in the
following table of chronological dates:
SEA SERVICE.
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 1O, 1901.
3
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
DO YOU GET UP
WITH A LAME BACK?
Kidney Tnratlc Makes You Miserable.
Almost everybody -who reads ths news-
papers is sure to know of the wonderful
ij jj rf-y . cures made by Dr.
' — 7=4-(YJr !'\u25a0 Kilmer's Swarrjp-Root,
I G'^ir I the eat kidne y. liver
E vJZarri 1± and bladder remedy.
?[TO] I* It is the great medl-
i (iufV k cal triumph of the nlne-
\VjJ\ . |it|jf tcenth century; dis-
|#^ L Milt covered after years of
,< '^F^ \u25a0< "T^TjliiJlj scientific research by
in 1st- ~"^vp\l Dr. Kilmer, the eml-
II _^^w~ " nent kidney and blad-
-™ >3 * Oi "' der specialist, and is
wonderfully successful in promptly curing
lame back, kidney .""Bladder, uric acid trou-
bles and Bright's Disease, which is the worst
form of kidney trouble.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root Is not rec-
ommended for everything but if you have kid-
ney, liver or bladder trouble it will be found
just the remedy you need. It has been tested
In so many ways, in hospital work, in private
practice, among the helpless too poor to pur-
chase relief and has proved so successful in
every case that a special arrangement has
been made by which all readers of this paper
who have not already tried it, may have a
sample bottle sent free by mail, also a book
telling more about Swamp-Root and how to
find out if you have kidney or bladder trouble.
When writing mentioa reading* this generous
offer In this paper and pyft 7^,
send your address to rfSt^rfSpS!^^!?^
Dr. Kilmer & Co.,Bing- i^#vp&S
hamton, N. Y. The^^ggi^^^g
regular fifty, cent and Horn© of Swamp-Roc*,
dollar-sizes are sold by all good druggists.
!\u25a0 ii \u25a0' y \u25a0 »- ii in yy—v
YOU CAN'T
GETAWAY
From the fact that laundry work, to ©•
satisfactory, must be well done.
Good laundry work tells its own story,
and we're willing ours should do the tell-
ing, confident that we will win your or-
ders.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Strast.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Off lew— 54- San Pablo Ave.
RUPTURE CURE.
The benefit of oar large ex- rjp^_
perience in fitting and caring /^^^^^^
Ruptures by the Fidelity Method iL -. -I-SB
ia secured in this office.^ We F^lP^i^OT
pert fitting and Xfrfej>,-
TRUSSES FREB^BB^
We can cure reducible eSS )sW fts
ruptures in 60 days by our E^M^Bk III
j method without pain or Ios3 Wfflffl^ JPf
of time. Over CO.OCO cures JBgaBKHyO
in 10 years. The fee may |lp||&S&jr'
be deposited in a bank, pay- raBwai^^
able to your ovrn order, to be fl§aiBjai
handed us when cured; NOT H§7 ffiSj
BEFORE. Successful on IjD el
men, women and children. aSt |B
Branch offices in all large aJ3 jfc.3
cities. Consultation free. i¥ i9
Fidelity Rupture Cure. Jg. %
Koomj 4, 3 s 6, Ho. 26# Kearnj St., 8. 1.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BEN1TO CO.
We offer some stock for sale in this mine at
60c per share. Price will be advanced on No-
vember 15. \u25a0 The money will be used for devel-
opment and to build a furnace, which will im-
mediately enhance the value. Vast quantities
of ore are developed with a shaft 260 feet deep
and 1000 feet of tunnels. We own 720 acres of
laai with buildings and machinery. We want
you to oee this mine. The stock in the Silver
, Creek Quicksilver advanced from 10c to $3 per
share and la all sold and Issued and will cay
a dividend In a short time.
H. R. BRADFORD.
\u25a0 . President and General Manager.
7 North Market St.. San Jose. Cal.
Prospectus and Exhibit at Branch Offlco,
413 KEARNY STREET. San Francisco.
P. DE FREITAS. Agent.
,j^*k Rupture Cured.)
i\ <4» Tbe celebrated California In* I
iv >^-?fcS TCntor - Dr - Pierce, dlscoTfred I
n> th *' t * ie only remedy, for Rup- (
\£ : JZ&j£ tnre is Electricity, and In per- [
' ' L v3§*« ' ' ectln 8 I" 8 wonderful Electro-.
Magnetic Truss and estab- *
W%. Wtf v^V>jJ^CT lishing its sale throughout
Mms^SSExSBefe. ' the world, he gave to vat-
lUiwliSs?CTBBBw«5 ferersfromthlsd&ngerons
'^*?isv^wFV*/> entity yalnly songht for
elsewhere. This renowned
' " v? vF* . appliance is radically dif-
ferent from all others and Its action on tho
ruptured parta Is quick and effective Cures
accomplished by its use are numbered by ths
thousand. If ruptured investigate at once. Call
or send a 2-cent stamp for new - Booklet No. 1."
Address Magnetic Truss Co.,1145Broadway (near
26th St.), New York, or 206 Post St. SanFraacisco.
AIPT n Oil II Corner Fourth and
\u25a0 ALL U 1 1 U ft I Market. S. F. • Try
I U r r n 1 1 1 u I our sp « ciai Brew -
UnlL 1 U In I Steam and Lager.
WIiII ~ *»*' l » i Overcoats and
valises checked free.,
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prico Lists Mailed
on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahls
& Co. <est'd. 1£>2), 17 and 19 Fremont St.; upon
Installment or rented: also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE ANJ Pld 1ROX.
J. CVILSON & C0-, -&£S?Z3HSa.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAS RflYFS £ fft Shipping Butchers. 104
JAJ- DVICJ S WU- Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD £ ELLIS.
418 Front at.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
: PRINTINO.
EC HITfiHPC PRINTER,
L» llUUlJCJ. 5ii Sansoma it.. S. F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First street. Baa Fr*acl»o»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A NEW DEPARTURE
A New, Effectual and Convenient
Cure for Catarrh.
Of catarrh remedies there Is no end,
but of catarrh cures there has always
been a great scarcity. There are many
remedies to relieve, but very few that
really cure.
The old practice of snuffing salt water
through the nose would often relieve, and
the washes, douches, powders and Inhal-
ers In common use are very little, If any.
better than the old fashioned salt water
douche. •
The use of Inhalers and the application
of salves, washes and powders to the
nose and throat to cure catarrh Is 'no
more reasonable than to rub the back to
cure kidney disease. Catarrh Is just aa
much a blood disease as kidney trouble
or rheumatism and It cannot be cured
by local treatment any more than they
can be. \
To cure catarrh, whether In the head,
throat or stomach an Internal antiseptic
treatment Is necessary to drive the catar-
rhal poison out of the blood and system,
and the nQW catarrh cure Is designed on
this plan and the remarkable success of
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets is because be-
ing used internally it drives out catarrh-
al Infection through action upon stom-
ach, liver and bowels.
Win. Zimmerman of St. Joseph relates
an experience with catarrh which is of
value to millions of catarrh sufferers
everywhere. He says: "I neglected " a
slight nasal catarrh until It gradually ex-
tended to my throat and bronchial tubes
and finally even my stomach and . liver
became affected, but as I was able to
keep up and do a day's work I let it run
along until my hearing began to fall me
and then I realized that I must get rid
of catarrh or lose my position, as I was
clerk and my hearing was absolutely
necessary.
. "Some of my friends recommended an
Inhaler, another a catarrh salve, but they
were no good in my case, nor was any-
thing else until I heard of Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets and bought a package at
my drug store. They benefited me from
the start and in less than four months
I vms completely cured of catarcji,
although I had suffered nearly all my life
from it. . " •
"They are pleasant to .take and so.
much more convenient to use than other
catarrh remedies that I feel I cannot
say enough In favor of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets."
A little book. on cause and cure of ca-
tarrh will be mailed free by addressing
F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich., and
the tablets are sold by all druggists In
the United States and Canada, • . r v
ADVEETTSZMEirTS.
/^^^y^ Minutes
f"^^& for
i Sj jiilp Lunch.
f!i kms Ttet " tte average time
III i^ : s P ent * a a terge city restau-
r/A*2S^y rs.ut by three thousand
'PtPI lunchers. It takes three
' >• hours to digest a fresh egg
6ofl boiled; three hours to digest a boiled
apple dumpling; three hours to digest
fresh roast DeefT In fact, three hours is
about the time required to digest the
average twelve minute lunch. The ob-
ject of the hasty lunch is to let the busy
man get back to his office work. Bat
Tv-hen the brain is active, the stomach is
inactive for lack of necessary blood. The
natural consequence is indigestion, and
indigestion opens the door to many dis-
eases.
Indigestion is cured by the use of Dr.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery,
\u25a0which cures diseases of the stomach and
other organs of digestion and nutrition,
and enables the perfect digestion and
assimilation of food.
"It is with heartfelt gratitude that I stad this
testimonial which I wish you to publish with
my name and address," writes Mr. Willis Sea-
man, of \u25a0tt'ashiafrtonrllle. Orange Co.. N. V. "I
fca<i stomach trouble from childhood and suffered
with it noreor less as I grew up. At the age of
2C I was broken down with dyspepsia. My suf-
fering was terrible. Could not cat without dis-
tress. Could only cat a few certain things and
v/ce rot able to work half the time. Every thing
I tried only gave me tesnporary relief. My wife
£naliy persuaded me to try Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery and 'Pleasant Pellets. 1 t l
took six bottles of the 'Golden Medical Discov-
ery ' and two vials of Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pel-
lets .' 1 then felt so well that I stopped taking-
medicine. Several months have passed and I
ecu do the hardest kind of work, can eat any-
thing that is set before rae and enjoy it. I am
t; ycarb old and this is tbe first time I have ever
been v.-ell."
free. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense
Iledical Adviser in paper covers is sent
fcc en receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to
P? -v expense of mailing only, or 31 stamps
for cloth-bound volume. Address Dr. R.
V. Pierce, Biifla^), N. Y.SPEAKS IN LAITY'S BEHALF.
George R. Fairbanks of Florida followed and
epoke to the much-debated question. He said
be had simply taken. the platform to assert the
rights of the laity. Continuing he said:
"'I am the only member of the laity with
a vote in this body who has taken a etand on
thie -subject. AVe of the laity, we people of
the pews, are 000 to one of you. You are
sfmpTy delegated to read to us. We are to
understand what you read and we want to un
derstand it correctly. . We want you to have
the privilege of reading the Scriptures cor
rectly to us. The committtee has done Its
work faithfully and I hope Its report will be
adopted by this house."
The Rev. Frederick A. de Rosset followed
and paid in part:
"Any member of this house committee or
.any man in the world has a perfect rigrht to
print, publish, circulate and freely distribute
any part or portion of the Bible that he wishes,
with any comment or with any interpretation
or translation of the Scriptures. For a num
ber of years a committee composed of the
best men in the Protestant Episcopal church
of America has undertaken and endeavored to
eet forth a Bible with certain marginal In
terpretations or new translations. The learned
committee has consulted everything that was
In their reach — and I presume everything x in
the world of literature was in their re_A and
consulted by them— and has presented to us a
well-digested report.
"We do not propose to alter the text of the
Bible, but we do propose to let grow up along
side of It and find there a glossary and mar
ginal reading that shall interpret it from gen
eration to generation. What harm are you
doing, even though there may be some things
that are net exactly acceptable to you? What
harm will It do us? There are many good
things, and we cannot have time to accept
them and to reject others. We must take it
In its entirety or in its main divisional por
tion. TVe are building for other generations.
Ehould b* adopted, laid on the table or de
feated: thet he was anxious not to stand by
mere forms, as he desired to get all the sub
etance of troth and righteousness.
and they will lose the work of this generation
o( the church If you do not accept that por
tion or the work of the committee."
The Rev. Dr. Carey of Albany asked that the
resolution offered by the deputy from Vir
ginia ' be accepted by the committee In place
of the report. The chair said he had no au
thority to accept It; that the bouse could not
grant 6uch a request.
HEV. DR. MANN'S AMENDMENT.
The Rev. Dr. .Alsop of Rhode Island moved
that the amendment of Dr. Mann be laid upon
the table until the vote be taken upon the
main question, and he gave notice that if the
motion be not carried he should ask that the
Mann amendment be taken immediately front
the table for consideration. He thought the
house should vote on the main question first.
A delegate moved that the amendment and
substitute both be laid upon tha table.
The Rev. Dr. Mann Inquired if they were"
laid upon the table and the question be put
upon the main motion upon concurrence with
the House of Bishops, and that be lost, would
it be competent to renew it— not as an amend
ment — but whether it would be competent to
renew his motion. The chair stated that the
,house had the whole matter at all times in
Its hands and therefore it could take from the
table what had been laid there, but of course
It would have to be done by general consent.
The Rev. Dr. Parks of New York contended
that they had a right to amend a proposition
in order to get It into a condition where, they
could vote on it. He objected to a proposed
amendment which deprived him of his rights.
The Rev. Dr. Fulton said he wished to say
most icsitivelv without debating the question
at all that, he could vote conscientiously for
the main measure if Dr. Mann's amendment
be first adopted, otherwise not. And he thought
he ouzht to have' the opportunity to improve
the Dror-osition in order that he might vole
for it., if sossible.
The bouse became involved in a maze of
amendments, substitutes, motions, points of
order and appeals, from which it finally
evolved the following results:" -.
The chair ruled that the vote must' first 'be
taken on the substitute proposed.
The Rev. Dr. Grammer of South Virginia
appealed from the decision.
Deputy Packard of Maryland said he thought
Continued From Page Two.
MEMBERS OF HOUSE OF DEPUTIES DESCUSS REVISION OF SCRIPTURE
The story of an old man's infatuation
for a young and handsome married wom
an was told in Judge Conlan's court yes
terday when the case of Mrs. Mamie Wil
son, 679 Minna street, charged with felony
embezzlement, was called. She was ac
cused by S. Strand, a machinist living at
S00 Minneapolis street, of embezzling $320
which he gave her to use in purchasing a
lodging-house at 1013 Market street.
The evidence showed that Strand, who
is 68 years of nge, met Mrs. Wilson on thfj,
street about four weeks ago and he be
came Infatuated with her. After subse
quent meeting* he asked her to marry
him, but she informed him she already had
a husband. Then he suggested that ha
would purchase the lodging-house and she
could manage it. He drew $320 from the
bank on October 3 and they went to the
house to complete the purchase. He al
leged that he laid the money on a table
for a moment and Mrs. Wilson took It,
saving she would attend to the business.
Before finishing the business Strand and
Mrs. Wilson, accompanied by a piano
player, went to a restaurant at 21 Sixth
street to have breakfast, and Mrs. W Uson
made an excuse to leave and did not re
turn. Strand made love to the piano
player, but she became indignant and also
left. Strand then complained to the po
lice and Mrs. Wilson was arrested. Her
defense was that Strand gave her ?1jO
with which to buy a sealskin and pre
sented her with a ring, and that she did
not take the $320. The Judge will give his
decision to-day.
#4-M"i 1 1 1 : i : : mx-im i i i \u25a0\u25a0!\u25a0*•
Special certificates— Penmanship. P. A. Es
plna- freehand drawing. Franz M. GoUstem;
stenography. Miss G. G. Donovan.
Permanent grammar school certificates-
Misses Leonora O'Brien. Bertha M. Bretz A.
J Gracler and Lalla R. Chase. Mrs. Mary B.
Holmes and Miss A. J. Clark. ,_,,„_
Recommended to the State Board of Educa
tion for life diploma of the grammar grade—
Misses Jennie T. McLerie Cora R. Herrlck,
Josephine Downey. Kmma McL SmW^-Ju
sle. A. Ward ana EHzatwtl* O" a^ttf-jKV «?=.-
Annia H. Dealey. Misses Ida M. PerU Estelle
Everett Charlotte F. Hunt. Johanna Barnlckel
and Helen M. Rutherford.
Judge Conlan Hears S. Strand'3 Story
and Will .Give His Dacision
This Morning.
Board of Education Favorably Con
siders Case of Miss Geraldine
Donovan.
The Board of Education is preparing to
restore Miss Geraldine Donovan to her
former position in the Richmond Evening
School. Miss Donovan was consolidated
out of the school a year ago, but the
board has never ratified Its .own action, as
the law "prescribes. Miss Donovan re
ceived assurances from President Kln
caid at yesterday's meeting of the board
that she would be assigned to her old po
sition, as Miss Maguire, principal of the
school, had filed notification that another
teacher was needed there.
Auditor Wells notified the board that he
would not audit the demand for $10,465 for
the purchase of the school site at Twenty
fourth and Douglass streets until he had
consulted his attorney. There is some
doubt whether the Board of Education
has the power to acquire realty.
The secretary was authorized to adver
tise for bids for the erection of buildings
on the children's playground lot, located
at Seventh and Harrison streets.
Notice to amend rule 87 was griven by
Superintendent Webster by adding "by
senior teacher is meant the teacher pos
sessing seniority or greater term of ser
vice," and rule 85 so as to permit absence
without personal permission of teachers
for one day In case of sickness.
Miss Carrie Haas was granted a leave
of absence for one month.
The resignation of Kathryn H. Daly
frcm the eligible list was accepted.
The application of Miss Elinor Murphy
for retirement on annuity was granted.
The following recommendations for
teachers' certificates tnade by the City
Board of Education were adopted:
High school certificates — Miss M. A. Sulli
van and Miss Emma Laura Noonan.
Grammar school certificates— Misses Maude
Alice Schendel, May Gaffney, Louise Imelda
Geary Annie "W. Harrower and Miss Lenore
M Busey, Mrs. Francesca Sunol Angus ana
Mrs. Edith E. Smith Humphrey, Misses Ade
laide M. Cobb, Anna C. Brittan, Estelle L.
Weishelmer. A, H. Moore, Regina Cleary, May
Quinn. Maud A. Folsom and Annie Bruce Wai-
Grammar school * certificate— Miss Christie
Primary certificates— Misses N. Gambitz and
Jean Harwood.
The auestlon was then put on concurring
with the House of Bishops with the Mann
amendment, and it was adopted by the follow
ing vote: Ayes— Clerical. 62; lay,. 45. Noes-
Clerical. 6; lay. 6. Divided— Clerical, 1; lay. 2.
A mesea*e was received from the House of
Bishops notifying the deputies of the passage
by it of the resolutions published in yester
day morning's Call on the subject of mar
riage and divorce. A motion was made to con
cur therein, and the matter became the special
order for this morning.
Lay Delegate Lewis moved that the subject
of marriage and divorce, which follows mar
ginal readings on the calendar, be taken up
by the House of Deputies this morning. It
was so ordered. i*'i_!-i i '\u25a0'"' >•
The Rev. Mr. McConnell moved that all
amendments concerning marriage and divorce
be printed. Lay Delegate Stetson of New York
stated that there were two documents already
In print — one the report of the special com
mittee of the House and that portion of the re
port of the Joint committee on canons; that the
amendments to canons 36 and 37 had been pre
pared and presented in the House of Bishops
RESTTLT OF THE VOTE.
The Rev. Dr. Brown moved \u25a0 to lay on the
tabla the resolution of the Rev. Dr. Craw
ford that they concur with the House \u25a0 of.
Bishops," provided it be distinctly understood
that these readings be> not Interlined with the
authorized version but printed in the margin.
The motion was carried. The motion then re
curred on the resolution of the Rev. Dr. Mann.
The hour for adjournment having arrived, on
motion the house voted to prolong the session
until a vote could be taken on the matter
pendlns. -
The Rev. Dr. Mann explained that the ques
tion was on the amendment offered by him,
which provided that such marginal readings
as the commission had taken from the mar
gin of the authorized version, from the text
and marsln of the Bnslish revised version and
from the. text and margin of the American re-
Vised version shall be allowed in use in the
lessons of the morning and evening prayer of
the church. . ' ' '
Deputy Stetson of New Tork. on behalf of
the lay "delegation from that diocese, demanded
that the vote be taken oh the main question by
dioceses and orders: ' '_
A vote was then talien on Dr. Mann s
amendment, which appears in another column
contalning-a report of the proceedings of the
morning session, and it was carried by a vote
of 177 ayes to. 129 noes. .
The Rev. Dr. Hlckman then revived his sub
stitute in favor of the use of the Canterbury
On motion of the Rev. Dr. EstUl of Ken
tucky this .was laid on the table.
it was only fair to take the vote first on the
amendment offered by Dr. Mann, then to vote
on the proposition to concur . with the house
amendment offered by Dr. Mann; then to vote
on the main proposition and not force them
to vote for something for fear that the main
proposition would fail. ' '
Ex-Governor Prince, of New Mexico said
there was no foundation whatever for the ap
peal frcm the decision of the chair, and in
his Judcment the decision was entirely ; cor
rect. . •
BISHOPS PROHIBIT RE-MARRIAGE
The Rev. Dr Davenport followed and said
there was in print in the hands "of the General
.Convention the. revision which wai drawn by
the commission on revision, containing their
canon on marriage and divorce, and secondly,
the report of the committee of the House con
taining a canon on marriage, together with a
proposed, amendment to that report by one
member of that \u25a0 committee.
The Rev. Dr "Greer" of New York stopped
further discussion by advocating that all
amendments on the subject be printed and dis
tributed arrionac, the . members of the house.
The motion prevailed' and adjournment was
taken until this morning at 10 o'clock.
and no substitute had been offered; that canon
37 had .not yet come down and when it did
might not be In any . such form as.it should
come to the House in.
The Girls' Friendly Society is the
Etrongest organization of its kind in the
Episcopal denomination and because of
Us strength it is frequently referred to
as the handmaiden of the church. The
society Is not as strong on the Pacific
Coast as in. the East, but a determined
effort 5s to be made to strengthen it in
this locality. President Mrs. Thomas Rob
erts and Miss Thomas, vice president and
organizer, announced at the meeting last
night that they would meet with the grirls
and their friends next Monday afternoon
in the assembly hall of the church for
the purpose of aiscussing matters pertain
ing to the society's welfare.
Mrs. Roberts in her address traced the
history of the Girls' Friendly Society and
recalled its principles. She said that the
efforts of society are needed among girls
many of the prominent Bish
ops and a number of the leaders of the
society. The addresses, which were all
•short, were on topics best calculated to
inspire and encourage the young ladies in
their work.
A MEETING designed especially
for the benefit of the members
cf the Girls' Friendly Society
was held last night at St.
Luke's Episcopal Church.
— mor.g the speakers were
Bishop Nicholas of Washington presided
during the meeting and introduced the
speakers.
in every walk of life, among the girls
of the factories, of the shops, of the
schools and among the girls in the higher
circles of society. She stated that a deep
sentiment of friendship existed not only
between the girls of the society but be
tween members and all their associates.
This spirit of friendship, she claimed, is
directly attributable to the work of the so
ciety. "She. recalled how the Girls' Friend
ly Society in America had sprung from
the parent body in England and how in
its birth the young organization had made
a solemn treaty with the parent body,
whereby it bound itself to maintain in
violate the three cardinal rules— that the
members" shall be bona fide communicants
of the church; that they shall sow the
seeds of friendship and mutual aid, and
that. none but girls whose characters- are
irreproachable shall be admitted to mem
bership.
Miss Paddock, vice president and organ
izer, also delivered a short address, in
which she described the good deeds which
have been wrought by the society, espe
cially in the missionary field.
Bishop Hall of Vermont spoke. In re
gard to the divorce Canon- which was
passed to-day by the House of Bishops
he said that the best manner of protect
ing the purity of the home is through the
medium of the Girls' Friendly Society.
"WTLIj RESTOBE TEACHER
TO HER OLD POSITION
THERE was a 'varied programme
yesterday at the Woman's
Auxiliary exhibition rooms. 1609
Sutter street. The attendance
was large, and the time from
early morning to late in the
\u25a0afternoon was taken up with
conference and interesting addresses.
The conference, with which the day's
proceedings opened, was of special inter
est to those devoted, either directly, or
otherwise, to foreign missionary work.
The subject of the conference was "The
Training of Women Workers for the
Missionary Field." Mrs. Kinsolving, wife
of the Bishop of Brazil, and Mrs. McKlm,
the Bishop of Tokio's better half, were
the principal speakers. They told of the
requirements for work In the ' foreign
fields as suggested by their own experi
ence, and made some useful suggestions
for the guidance of those intrusted with
the work of training future workers.
Miss Elliott of Salt Lake, Mrs. Burt of
Ott) MAN" SAYS M&BBIED
WOMAN DETBATJDED HIM
South Dakota. Mlsa Sybil Cartef and oth
ers addressed the meeting. \u25a0
Bishop Johnson of. Western Texas gav?
an interesting address on the history . f
the growth of the Episcopal church m
his part of the country. He told of tha
school3 and the churches which had been
opened and were now doing good work,
and painted a hopeful picture of the fu
ture of the church in Western Tejsas.
The Rev. Dr. Lord conducted the noon
day prayer meeting. • <
Bishop Edsail of North Dakota was to
have made an address on his diocese, bur
the business of the convention required
his presence elsewhere. Bishop Morelan.l,
however, was able to be present, accord
ing to programme. His address on tho
growth and present condition of the dio
cese was listened to with considerable in
terest by members of the auxiliary.
The Bishop thanked the ladles for the
financial assistance he had received in his
work, and expressed the wish that It were
possible for all the members of the "Wom
an's Auxiliary to be represented in one,
woman, and that he might have the priv
ilege of embracing that woman as a mark
of his sincere gratitude to the auxiliary.
Bishops Johnson and Moreland Tell of
Good Work Done in Their
A Own Dioeeses.
Members of the Organization Are Re
quested to Continue in Their.
Noble Work.
PRELATES SPEAK BEFORE
GIRLS' FRIENDLY SOCIETY
WOMAN'S AUXILIARY
HOLDS A CONFERENCE
BOSTON WILL BE THE SCENE OF THE NEXT CONVENTION
DEPUTIES MOURN FOR DEAD PRESIDENT.
7~)ES0LUT10NS on the death of the late President McKinley were presented yesterday by a
_/\ special committee at the session of the House of Deputies of. the General Convention of the
Episcopal Church and were adopted by a rising vote. The resolutions zvere as follows:
"Resolved, That the General Convention of the Protestant Episcopal Church, assembled in
the city of San Francisco, hereby records its feeling of deep distress at the shocking crime that so
lately deprived the nation of the life and services' of its 'chief magistrate, and expresses the hope
that the common sorrow may' unite oxir people in 'such sacred bonds of loyal and unselfish citizen
ship as may tend, more and more, to exalt our Government in righteousness and establish it in the
truth. ; . \ :::::::::. • : \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 • • • ; : : • i ' •
"Resolved, That the gliilt of Jliis cruel assassination is aggravated by the fact that the blczv
aimed at Mr. McKinley as President, elected by the American people, was, treason to American
ideals of obedience to law and of respect for ' thandes of the people's choice:
"Resolved, That the universal grief is intensified by the memory of President McKinley s
character, the loving faithfulness- of his private life, , the conscientious and conspicuous ability of
his public, service and the noble sincerity of his Christian faith, which have created for him an en
during place in the honor and affection of the American people.
"Resolved, That copies of these resolutions, certified by the presiding officers': -of both
houses, be forzvarded to Mrs. McKinley and, to the Congress of the United States."
'\u25a0:.,._ . ,. H. EASTER, Chairman.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUKSDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1901.
Continued From Page Two.
No person divorced for cause arising after
marriage, and marrying again during the life
time of the other party to the divorce, nor any
person marrying a person so divorced, shall be
admitted to baptism or confirmation, or be per
mitted to receive the holy communion, except
when penitent, and, if. the other party to the
subsequent marriage be then living, when sep
arated from such other, party, or when, penitent
and" in * immediate cft\riper of death; but this
provision shall not iapfcly to the irfnocent party
to a divorce for the* cause of adultery.
No person shall be denied baptism or con
firmation or the holy communion under this
The canon j-et to- pass is as follows:
cause existing? before • inch former
marriage.
Canon 36 does not forbid parties who
have been divorced from remarrying, but
does forbid a minister of the Episcopal
church from performing such a ceremony.
Canon 37, which is akin to the one
adopted yesterday, will probably be
adopted to-day by the House of Bishops.
It provides that the Innocent party in
cases of adultery is not liable to disci
pline. - . . \u25a0-: "
In the discussion yesterday the Bishops
seemed ,to be of the opinion that in cases
where the civil law has separated the
parties if one feels a desire to marry by
God's law he or she better go to thfe civil
authorities and have the ceremony per
formed. The reason expressed for such
a course was not that they felt absolutely
certain that the law of God approves such
marriages, but they did not feel absolute
ly certain that the law of God allowed
them. In consideration of the subject the
Bishops made it evident that they be
lieved there was collusion in many cases
of divorce. .
The Secretary of the Treasury has hand
ed down a decision to the effect that there
shall be no drawback on tinplate shipped
to tho Philippines, those islands being no
longer a foreign country. . ,
No Drawback on Tiriplate.
Miss Holley of 611 Taylor street in
voked the aid of the police last night
toward finding her nephew, Robert Harle
aged 14 years. The boy left his home in
Berkeley last Friday and since then he
has not been seen by his relatives. He
is described as being tall for his age and
wearing a blue suit and a cap of the same
color.
Boy Missing From Home.
The agreement heretofore made be
tween J. Henry Meyer, Antoine Borel and
the Antoine Borel Company and Florence
Blythe-Hinckley-Moore for the purchase
of a portion of the Blythe block and an
option on the remainder was assigned
yesterday to the Bankers' Investment
Company, of which I.- W. Hellman is pres
ident. The document was recorded and
provides that the option shall run for
seven months on condition that the sum
of $1,205,000 will be paid for the land lying
west of. Brooks street. The land lying
east of Brooks street has already been
conveyed for a consideration of $1,0*50,000.
Blythe Block Transfer.
Any person receiving notice of intended de
nial of baptism, or of confirmation, or of the
holy communion under section 1 of this canon,
may appeal within three months after receiving
such notice of Intended denial to the Bishop of
the diocese or of the missk>i_.ry district, and
the Bishop to whom such appeal shall have
been made shall make inquiry as to the facts,
and, after consultation with the standing com
mittee, shall grant such relief as he may deem
appropriate, and shall deliver fn writing to the
minister and the appellant his flnaldetermlna
tion; and no such question when so determined
In one diocese or district shall be open for in
vestigation in any other diocese or district. •
- The House of Bishops devoted the after
noon to a discussion of amendments to
the constitution. They took up. article 5,
\u25a0which was rejected by the deputies, and
took the same action. The so-called
Huntington amendment, "which was re
considered by the House of Deputies and
rejected, was also defeated by the 'pre
lates.
canon until after the minister shall have. given
to the person due and sufficient notice of such
Intended denial, and of the \u25a0 right of appeal
therefrom, as hereinafter provided, and no per
son exercising such right of appeal shall be re
pelled from the holy communion until after final
determination of such appeal as provided in
section 3 of this canon.
4
. U L " — "™*^~" ~~ —^— — — — — : M
m . \u25a0. : i '\u25a0 : : ~ : ; ~ ; ; :
B ' ' . .... - •
\u25a0 \u25a0 .. •
5 -. : \u25a0 : \--. ; 'i :\u25a0\u25a0• I : \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 ' \u25a0 ': : . .
m . • • • - • \u25a0 , \u25a0.-.-..',.. ' ...--..\u25a0..• j .
g . \u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0 : \u25a0
i_ I ' ns YygTrgT?YTnnnro"a~a"a'a a a g g g g g gygTrgiryyinrg'gTrYygTrgTrygirg~g~y irinrinrBTriririrtrsTrsTnrttTnnr^ g trtnrs^rirsTnrs^irtnnrs^innnrs'T^i
| ! £-& *Lg_Lg_g_g. p. SJt. SUUL gJULQ-Q-g- P_ff_q_PJ>_P. . . a_Q_p o p p, _ pjloo o 000De08009tag_) \u25a0 \u25a0
I \u25a0 ji" Has Secured the Exclusive Serial Rights of 3
b . h ; ; : — : ; ; *
i .. r \u25a0 . . .- : __ \u25a0 • • i
i *• \u25a0-...' . „ •\u25a0 „ . . . • \u25a0 *\u25a0•' , \u25a0 ' / \u25a0\u25a0. ' ; ,. . * \u25a0
I ' " 1. The Story of a Love Behind a Throne I ______
f i -^BY GEORGE BARR McCLITCHEON— f
d <i The POmance o¥ a young American who meets his fate on the. east-bound express from Denver, helps her, out of a bad hole, loses lier on an ocean greyhound, t
12 £ and follows her to the ends of an unknown earth. A dashing story, full of intense situations. * 2
_ CgJLgJUUL&iLP_LP_3JULP^^ PPPPPPppp o q tf Oft PJUL99 9 g_P_g_ft_ff_R P 0 P 9 OP JLPJLPJIJIJIJLPJLOJULPJ^^ _gggggPPPPPP,PP p.o.fl P.P P P P P P q_P_fl_Q_P_P. SLSLSiSLSLSLSlJLSLSl^SLSLSLSLSLSLSLJL&
a '. \u25a0 •\u25a0 \u25a0 • " \u25a0 -V--" '"- '• ' • v ./ ; ' \u25a0« ' , \u25a0 ' " " ; \u25a0'.' \-v' \u25a0
E \u25a0 \u25a0 \ . . \u25a0 .'.•\u25a0•••\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.' ' } . . , ' \u25a0 ' \u25a0 \u25a0. . • \u25a0 - ... . •
_ ' ' ' in,,,,,. \u25a0 ' '
jt ||fi To be played by MABY iffiANITERING. She'writes: "I am delighted that arrangements have been completed for the dramatic rights of 0f
H ___§3_c_-3i^ 'GHATJSTATIK.' The story is, I think, better than 'The Prisoner of Zenda,' and the character of th*e Princess is one which I shall love to act." f^
9 *~-*^* JEANETTE ii. GILDEB, Editor of "The Critic," says:. "I have read few prettier scenes in fiction than that in the throne room between \s|>
G (up Grenfel Lorry and the reigning Princess of Graustark." . . ' III -
M I'l . • ••-... • - • :
I "GRAUSTARK," the best story in years, will beqin in the
«K ' "~H^ ".'\u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0 ; , ;/ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 "' ... \u25a0 -\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 _ - \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 , . \u25a0 -— \u25a0\u25a0 :-\u25a0 •\u25a0 •\u25a0 . '\u25a0 -., .: \u25a0 \u25a0-. .\u25a0..'\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0 ' " :' \u25a0 ' ' '" ' j • ' " \i?-£'Sz:":
m| ' " \u25a0 , .•.\u25a0...\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0--.\u25a0• \u25a0• .'\u25a0'' \u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0>\u25a0.\u25a0. , - \u25a0 / .......
j B _^ aaMSBBaaaaaiwgHaBiiaaiaMBiHHaiBBigHM^ a _7T^TPOPULAR YOUNG COUPLE WHO WERE THE PRINCIPALS IN A WED
DING CERKMONT CELEBRATE D IN THE EDEN CONGREGATIONAL
HOUSE OF WORSHIP IN HAYW ARDS.
After the nuptial knot* was tied the
wedding party adjourned to the bride's
residence, where a reception was held,
followed by a supper. The couple will
take a trip to Los Angeles to spend their
honeymoon and on their return will fake
up their residence in San Fpancisco.
The bride is a graduate of the Hay
wards High School and an elocutionist of
marked ability. \u25a0 She has often displayed
her talents at amateur affairs in this city
as well as In the metropolis. Her hus
band is connected with several prominent
Insurance companies. He is an adjuster
In the territory embracing' Northern i and
Central California and Nevada. He is a
prominent member of Golden Gate Com
mandery, Knights Templar, of Islam
Temple, Mystic Shrlners, and of the Bay
City Wheelmen.
The bride was attended ' by Miss May
Martin of San Lorenzo as maid of honor.
She had as bridesmaids Miss Bertha Boas
of Oakland and Miss Selene Menehan of
Cloverdale. The best man was J. H. Win
ter and the U3hers were Harry Kluser
and James R. Kenna.
Mr. Mendell is a resident of San Fran
cisco and the son of the late "William H.
and Mrs. Carrie Mendell, of a well-known
family of Alameda County.
LOS-ANGEL.ES, Oct. 9.— Mra. J.A. Os
good was re-elected president of the "Wo
/ttian's Parliament of Southern California
to-day; Mrs. Margaret Robertson was
chosen to serve a term a9 secretary; Mrs.
E. R..Threlkeld was re-elected treasurer.
Woman's Parliament Officers.
Captain Strand of the Santa Ana re
ports having found a deep sea mine of
unusual richness. When he weighed
anchor at Nome a considerable quantity
of mud was brought up. Some of the
miners on board prospected it, with tha
result that several small nuggets of g^d
were found, the largest of which was
worth $1. The Santa Ana was anchored
one and a quarter miles from shore in six
fathoms of water.
Returning passengers say a large num
ber of the destitute at Nome are women
who rushed north in the hope of obtain
ing employment at lucrative wages, but
met disappointment. Some of these
women have children and the citizens are
making ' efforts to raise • money by sub
scription to send them j out on the last
steamers. -
The arrival of the Santa Ana* with no
further report of the disabled vessel
Courtney Ford, which .was reported eight
days ago 400 miles from Flattery partial
ly dismasted, causes considerable uneasi
ness and. fears are felt for her safety.
PORT TOWNSENX>, Oct. 9.— The
steamer Santa Ana arrived from Nome
this evening, bringing ninety-five passen
gers and $100,000 in dust belonging to re
turning miners.
Beach.
Captain of the Santa Ana Finds a
Deep-Sea Mine Off the Nome
SHIP'S ANCHOR BRINGS
UP NTTGOETS OP ' GOLD
The sloop belongs to a resident of Brit
ish Columbia named Jamleson. This
makes the fourth sloop -captured from him
with Chinese on board during the past
thirty days, and two other sloops belong
ing to other persons were captured dur
ing Ihe same period. Chinese are being
smuggled across the line dally, and the
authorities are putting - forth Increased
efforts to put a stop to the business.
PORT TOWNSEND, Oct. 9.— Another
evidence of the determination of Chinese
to invade this country and evade the ex
clusion law was brought to light to-day
by , the capture of a sloop with four Chi
nese on board. The capture was made by
the United States revenue launch G-uard,
in command of Lieutenant H. B. "West, a
few miles south of Fort Flagler.
When the captain of the sloop sighted
the launch approaching he ran his boat
close inshore, jumped overboard, swam
to the beach and then took to the woods;
A portion of the crew of the launch landed
and gave chase, but owing to the dense
growth of underbrush the pursuit was
abandoned. '
On the sloom were found four Chinese,
who were brought here. They said to
Collector of Customs Huestis that they
had paid $50 to be brought over from the
British Columbia side.
Seizes Smuggling Ves
sel With Chinese
Aboard.
REVENUE LAUNCH
CAPTURES SLOOP
HATWA'RDS, Oct. 9.— The wedding
of Miss Wildia Zouver and John
Martin Mendell was celebrated
this evening in Eden Congrega
tional Church in this city. Miss
Zouver is the daughter of Mrs. P. Wil
bert and is a social favorite in Haywards.
Miners Elect Officers.
SUTTER CREEK. Oct. 9.— The Amador
County Miners' Association held a meet
ing here this afternoon and elected of
ficers for the ensuing year and also
twenty-seven delegates to the California
State Miners' Convention, which will meet
in San Francisco on the 21st lnst. J. F.
Parks was re-elected president of the as
sociation; W. A. Pritchard, vice president;
James E. Dye', secretary, and Morris
Brinn, treasurer.
Good Templars Gain Members.
VALLEJO, Oct. 9.— The Grand Lodge of
Good Templars of California, in forty
second annual session here, has received
reports from grand officers showing a gain
of 300 in membership in the past year. To
day the Grand Lodge visited the-Home for
Orphans and found the 218 children there
well fed, well clothed and well cared for.
Thrown From His Wagon.
GRASS VALLEY. Oct. 9.— John Temby,
an old resident of this city, was thrown
from a wagon to-day near Spencevllle
and received injuries which may cost him
his life. He was found lying unconscious
by a passing traveler. Both arms were
broken and there were other Injuries
about the head and bony.
Battleship Wisconsin to Return.
SEATTLE, Oct. 9.— The battleship "Wis
consin will leave the Puget Sound navy
yard to-morrow for San Francisco. On
board will be Admiral Casey, who will re
turn immediately with his flagship, the
Iowa. ' —
SACRAMENTO. Oct. P.— A reception was
given in the Assembly chamber In the
State Capitol to-night to Head Consul W.
A. Northcott and Head Clerk Major C. W.
Hawes of the Modern Woodmen of Amer
ica. It was under the auspices of Capital
Camp of. Sacramento. Head Consul North
cott, who is Lieutenant Governor of Illi
nois, delivered an Interesting address, tell
ing of the history and growth of the or
der, and an address of welcome was given
by Secretary of State Curry, who had
tendered the visitors the use of the Capi
tol for the event.
Reception to Consul Northcott.
Department to-day issued the following:
Postoffice discontinued: California —
Newport, Orange County; mail to Santa
Ana, instead of Fairview, as heretofore
announced. . Postmaster commissioned:
California— Eliza F. Auld. Auld.
These pensions were granted to-day:
California: Increase — Asa Klmball, Val
lejo, $12; Charles D. Watson, Ontario, $10.
Washington: Increase— Levi W. Wal
trous. Dayton, $1G; Daniel H. Delano,
Puyallup, $8.
CF\ INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Servicd
and More New Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.-The Postofflce
The trial lasted fifteen days. The
courtroom this afternoon was crowded
with Kelso sympathizers. The jury agreed
on a verdict on the fourth ballot. Kelso
was released after the verdict was an
nounced.
SANTA BARBARA, Oct. 9.— After de
liberating thirty-five minutes this after
noon the Jury in the Kelso murder case
brought in a verdict of not guilty. For
est L>. Alford, attorney for the defense,
occupied all the foreno'on in argument. He
appealed for sympathy for Keiso and his
family. District Attorney B. W. Squier
spoke less than an hour in summing up
the case. The verdict came as a surprise
to the prosecution, as well as to the pub
lic.
Santa Barbara Jury Brings a Verdict
in Favor of the Murder
Suspect.
FINDS KELSO INNOCENT /
OF BLOCHMAN'S -DEATH
Erwin Frost is one of the best known
detectives In this county. Twice he was
the IJopullst candidate for Sheriff and the
first time he was beaten by only a few
votes. The plaintiff in the divorce suit is
his second wife. .
SAN JOSE, Oct. 9.— Erwln Frost, the de
tective, Is defendant in a divorce suit
brought to-day^ by Mildred Irene Frost.
The charge is cruelty. They were married
nine years ago, at which time Mrs. Frost
was a pupil at the State Normal School.
She alleges that within a short time after
their marriage Frost began his acts of
cruelty. On- several occasions, she de
clares, he kicked and beat her. There Is
one child and Mrs. Frost asks for Its cus
tody.
Mrs. Erwin Frost of San Jose Accuses
Her Husband of Continued
Cruelty. '
WIFE OF DETECTIVE
• . SUES FOR DIVOBCE
The news quickly reached Wickenburg,
two miles distant, and before night every
miner and prospector who could do so had
paid the property a visit and cast about
for an adjoining- location.
WICKENBURG, Ariz., Oct 9.— The
vicinity of the famous Oro Grande mine Is
agairr In the throes of a mining excite
ment. A ledge of silver-bearing ore
twenty feet wide was discovered this
morning on the Sahuaro property, owned
by Nickless, Miller & Brennen, the new
find being between the two old shafts now
worked. It was uncovered by chance and
three feet below the surface many large
chunks of native sliver were picked up.
The best specimen was a chunk of ore
about ten inches square, so heavy and
rich in silver that no man' in the camp
could lift it.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wickenburg Men'Put in Busy
Day Scrambling for Ad
joining Claims.
Rich Ore Ledge Is Un
covered Near Oro
Grande Mine. s
SILVER NUGGET
TOO BIG TO LIFT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX., THURSDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1901.
John Martin Mendell and Miss Wildia Zouver
/ Principals in a Marriage That Was Cele
brated in Eden Congregational Church
HAYWARDS IS THE SCENE
OF A PRETTY WEDDING
5
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Go.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
?6t^ Wharf, San Francisco:
(^@SiB^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
j 1^*^^^ Oct. 3. 8, 13, 18. 23, 28. Nov. 2.
BjfHgKvKKl Change to company's steamers
BSgfiJs'ls,* For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
c.). Port Townsend. Seattle,
Tacoma, Bverett and New
™ Whatcora (Wash.)— 11 a. m.,
Oct. 3, 8. 13, 18. 23, 28, Nov. 2.
" "flange at Seattle for this com-
pany* \u25a0 steamers lor Alaska and G. N. Ky.; at
Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. By.; at Vancouver
°For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)-l:30 p. m., Oct
4, 9. 14, 19, 24. 29, Nov. S.
For San Dlesro. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Pert Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Aa-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at San Simeon, Cay-
nco«. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme and Redon-
do steamer Corona, Thursdays, U a. m.
For Ertsenada, Magrdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, Bailing days and bours ot sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
O./?.«Af.CO,
Only S«oa»m.»Xi.Sx» XjIxxo *o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Throafth tickets to all
Doints. all rail or steamship and rail, at
IiO"vTBST XtAOVEIS.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BEETHand MEALS.
S3 COLUMBIA Sallsr.....Oct. 6, 15, 25, Nov. 4
SS. OEO. W. ELDER
...; Satis Sept. 30, Oct. 10. 20, 30
D. 1 W.HITCHCOCK.QEN.Agt..l Montgm'y. 8. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS AMERICA MARU.....
. „ Wednesday, October 23. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
• .„:^"............Saturday, November 16, 1901
S3. NIPPON MARU v .
...............Wednesday. December 11. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
, TV. H. AVERT, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE. ~~
HT T0RK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABIJl
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. :
From New York "Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St. Louis Oct 16< Philadelphia ...Nov. 13
Philadelphia Oct. 23 St. Paul Nov.,20
St. Paul Oct. 30| Philadelphia .^ v Dec. I
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwerp.
' From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Vaderland Oct. 16 Friesland % ......Nov. g
Kensington Oct. 23 Southwark Nov. 13
•Zeeland Oct. SO «Vaderland Nov. 20
•Stop at Cherbourg: east bound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. . ..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast,' SO Montgomery it.
THE EMPORIUM. f \ THE EMPOBIUM.
xr* _ : _ — __ _. __jo5
I money ma&K not satofactor<y *
I when you get home return iham and |
| get your money back. |
f— ; : b|
I Wrapper Flannels 11o a jjj
giio pieces German Eiderdown Wrapper Flannels: they3*
S are a new lot of the standard, well-known 15c quaX*
g ity, select patterns' and styles, in dark and medium*
jj colorings, desirable for warm, handsome wrappers forjj
j winter wear. Special to-day only, yard 11c%
f ! \u25a0 ; ; — \u25a0 : i
£ Writing Tablets 3c. %
1 1800 Ink Writing Tablets, in nore, packet and letter size,:?
* each. ;...3c5
$ — - — :|
I Pearl Buttonsm Lawn Handkcr- %
cards White Pearl Buttons, in 1 6, 1 8, chifzffi fleft* X
X 20 and 22 lines, z holes, purs white ani %**ii*sms» «4%l»« £
*£ perfect in make.. Special to-day, card -_. Ico iozin >CK *
j£ ofadoztn....... • SC Ladi:s* She» jt/v\ «
i* . \u25a0* Lawn Hand- / * \ \ $
S \u25a0* m- «~» AK*~m. kerchiefs, y #. K V «S
*VeJour Squares 29c tri m m=din -/^JL ' \ JV S
g For cushion tops', chair seats and back?, thor. \%-™& sf^a feS^fl&J 5
J ough;y good, best quality, rrguarly 6oc and fi . ne V^ n ' JffeS? «
jf 75c per yard. Special to-day only, __ "ennss lac?, %
* V- , .t '".' . terns, regu- v^&©^? «^
t? Come early, as there is only a iariy 2 CC *
number. each. Spe- . *^" 5
IT . cial to-day 12C»
£ Special Sale of storm Rubbers 34d.%
vSpoons ana Forks. LadV b<s: .;
tf si vcr- fronts ani backs, i \u25a0 r-^ 3^ JG
% V =^*=^^^^^ > b « dcd S ° ld ehcwherc ioT 5° c - Special to- f^ys^Jk
S' /^ pattern <«»y cnly «?"*£•?
K Teaspoons, set of 6 Jt*% '' 5
S T -. ; — -•-••••-- : Bo Dessert Pistes, : 5
* Tablespoons and Forks to match, set -» --, '. . .,.. «
j> of 6 . SSc Damt y Welmar sf*^^^ i
f» **•* Caina Dssscrt j&t\^ =^ s <*~'^i "«
Jf i " . Plates, delicate /*C^^' i £2^V<gS. *
f 35c Pictures 17o. j£$SS£ IffSTl \
tfAn exceptionally choice line *of i6x2o-inch tiens, the new LfH^g 581 *^^ '^
J» Carbone:tes, 20 carefully selected subjects of coupe shape, reg- 'g^^S^' "—^"^^ 5*
jf landscapes, fancy heads, figures and child nearly J3.00 a &
tf studies, mounted and finished with 3-inch dozen. Spicial ga^^, *^; N^-^ *5
J carbon mat, regularly 35c. Sp:- # to-iay, ~ n \
K » cial to-day M YC set ot 6 SffSJC
*— : : _|
I Grocery Specials. $
g Goffee— Our celebrated Kona, either%
$ ground or berry, pound % 9c\
y 3acon — Best Eastern sugar cured, per Vo .tGO Salmon — Pinjc Alaska, 3 tins Z5c'%
J£ ;a!<ing Pffwder— Emporium brand, the mone»- if
baclc kind, i-lb tins 30c Corn— B:st Maine, 5 tins BOG 5
£ ; f %
$ Special Sale Whisk Brooms, |
I House Furnishings. Dressing Combs. $
*[Renovzr Cleaning Fluid — Positively the best Whisk Broom — A large Q
|C '^r* , \ cleanser for removing greatc size, good quality of high- S %
}£ /^^--*^^ an<^ sta " ls from the finest gtaie Whisk Brooms, one jgjj ft
Jf f*i^2ps=\^ .^g. fabric or articles of furni- tha: cleans well and wears j[^ JS
rf ** /^ turc * 8 we'1-known wel', a good 15c vaus. iifftK **
article of Turkish prcpara- Sprcial to-day only Q fill I Im «
$? Jj;l "**- tion is sold regularly at 25c mJC £^^^321 5
If \u25a0 . ~^» \u25a0 J \u25a0 strviccaoie hard-ruboer, MjM |j j M 1J
K Flour Silter — The rotary kind, regular heavy heavy-horn Dressing Mill i 1 1 iijiim 3*
J^ grade tin, side handle and metal hand Comb, large size, regu- /Jwlj! !'i||( 'fJls §
I? cyh'nder instead of wire. Special „ n larly 15c. Special '— IflWlJIillBLlll iisi**
£ to-day. iUC to-day only VC "&
**«SBEa B8Sr" «g - \u25a0''''$
{[CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE*
OCEAN TRAVEL.
COHPAGNIE GENSKAL3 TBAHSATLANTIQU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. . ....
Sailing every Thursday, Instead or <ft>1f>fas
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. iVwwfesi
North River, foot of Morton street; *I/Aqul-
talne, September 19; La Bretagne. September
26; La Champagne. October 3; *La Savols, Oc-
tober 10.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. US and upward. GENERAX.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflo Coast
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Asentj.
'Twin Screw Express Steamers. . • ;~
PANAMA R, R. £ S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, J105; Steerage. $<0; Meals Free.
5. S. Hyades sails Saturday. Oct. 12
6. S. Argyll sails Thursday, Oct. 1?
4>. 6. Leelanaw sails Monday, Oct. 28
From Howard-street Wharf at 2 p. n>.
Freight and Passenger Office, 333 Market it.
F. F. CONNOR. Paciflo Coaat Ag«nt-
APAanl i> € € Pa HAm "« SA1!0 *< RE *
oeeanics.5.u>. sess
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday. Oct 12, 2 p. m.
S, 8. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday, Oct 24, 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA. forTahltl
: Oct. 24. 10 a. in.
1 0. SPBECXELS ft BIOS. CO., fltneral Aosnts. 327 Bartoi St
W\ Passenger OSes, B43 Hirtit St, t'w Is. 7. PaoSs St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapores
'To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10, 12 m.
AREQUIPA ....Oct. 17IPERU Nor. 9
"LOA" Oct. 26|PALENA Nor. 23
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street. -\u25a0r r : t ~
B\LFOUR. GUTHRIK & CO.. Gen. Agenta.
I 3
SAT AND BIVBB, STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
Sfeamers GEN. FRISBIE or MOOTICELLO
9:45 a.m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:43 a. m.. S:30 p. m. Leaves Valleja
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 7 a. ro.. 4:15 p. m. Faro SO cents.
Telephone Main 1308. Landing and office, plee
». Mlaaion-st. dock. HATCH BROS.
— — —^— — — — . — — —^—
WEAK ME2ST!
DR. HALL'S REINVIGORA- ffi£"3FfiBa
TOR stops all losses In 24
hours. You feel the improvement e$\ jj£Sf m
from the first dose. We have so Ktot BwR
much confidence in our treatment | gj
that we offer five hundred reward 5*51 E5*3
for any case we cannot cure. This 5W P J B
secret remedy cures Emissions, iluj |s£JJ
Impotency. Varlcocele, Conor- B%«c5L_SKmI
rhcea. Strictures. Gleet, Drains. tJt r *i!Tfffir'
Lost Manhood and all other wasting effects of
self -abuse or excesses. Sent sealed, 12 bottle;
3 bottles. $5; guaranteed to cure any case. Call
or address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. "Also for sale at
1073% Market st.. S. F. All private dlwaaw
quickly cured. Send- for free book.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MRSTlYiBERTS
Says to All Sick Women : " Giye
Mrs. Pinkham a Chance, I
Enow She Can Help You as
She Did Me."
/"Deab Mrs. Pinkham : The % world
praises great reformers ; their names
and fames are in the ears of everybody,
and the public press helps spread the
good tidings. Among them all Lydia
E. Pirxkham's name goes to posterity
MKS. H. F. KOBEBTS,
County President of "W. C. T. U., ' Kansas
City, Mo.
with a softly breathed blessing: from
the lips of thousands upon thousands
of women who have been restored to
their families when life hung by a
thread, and by"* thousands of others
whose weary, aching limbs yon have
quickened and whose pains you have
taken^away.
' *.* I know whereof I speak, for I have
received much valuable benefit myself
through the use of Lydia E. Pink-
1 bain's Vegetable" Compound, and
for years I have known dozens of wo-.
men who have suffered with displace-
ment, ovarian troubles, ulcerations
and inflammation who are strong 1 and
well to-day, simply through the use of
your Compound." — Mrs. H. F. Roberts,
1404 McGee St., Kansas City, Mo. —
SSOOO forfeit if above testimonial la not genuine.
Don't hesitate to write to Mrs. Pink-
ham. She will understand your case
perfectly t _ and \u25a0will treat you with
kindness, g Her advice t is iree, and the
address is Lynn,, 'Mass.' . \u25a0 ~ *-t~
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"""riost Love
Malt Breakfast Food,"
SO SAYS
OUR LITTLE DUTCH GIRL.
Each individual that uses this delicious
cereal is sure to repeat the saying of the
little one, for it Is recognized at once as
the most appetizing of all breakfast foods.
Ninety-nine people out of every hun-
dred after once trying Malt Breakfast
Food make It tbeir first dish each morn-
ing and continue to use it. It Is relished
by young and old; it satisfies the hungry;
It la retained on the most delicate stom-
ach, and furnishes a sustaining vitality
that no other food can impart. Get a
package from your grocer and try It.
Twenty-five to thirty meals for 15 cents.:
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- OF THE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 21ST
day of December. A. D. 1300. and for the
year ending on that day. as irade to the In-
euranoe Commissioner of the Plate of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of eectlons €10
and Cll of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner. --
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $173,170 87
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 612,750 CO
Cash in Banks 42,876 23
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 4.725 00
Premiums in due Cour»« of Collection 37,440 23
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Rieks 700 42
Total Assets $871,662 SI
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process ct Adjustment or In
Suspense S5.2S7 41
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less. $172,440 9S; reinsur-
ance 60 per cent 86,220 43
Gross premiums en Fire Risks running
more than one year, J101.783 62; rein-
surance pro rata. 47,089 94
All other liabilities S,487 17
Total Liabilities .'...;i47,0S5 01
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums • • $207,384 07
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources 19,03198
Received for Rents 13.6S7 50
Total Income $240,163 SO
>\ EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding ?2,C27 C5. loesea of previous
years) $98,351 7S
Paid cr allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 43,552 to
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 14,235 06
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 3.6S1 31
All ether payments and expenditures. 18,997 21
Total Expenditures ,...J1S3,81S 23
Fire.
Losses incurred during the y*ar $101.781 H
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of RiEks
written during the
year „. $21,534,111 1263,569 77
N>t amount of RiEks
expired during the
year 16,636,693 222,830 52
Net amount In force De-
cember 21, 19C0 20.4S8.923 274,224 50
SAMUEL R. WEED,
of Weed & Kennedy, Managers.
Eubs?r!bed and Fworn to before me, this 25th
day or February, 1901.
F. FISHBECK. Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH,
, 4!6 CALIFORNIA ST., S. F.
y F. MULLINS. ........ Manager
Weekly CaU.91,00 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PE=1U=NA FOR THE SICK.
|l§li)p I IJnnVJLid.^Ll/jjjJlilrj
Miss Frances Grossel, secretary of the Menasha Benevolent Society, of 307 Clay
etreet, Menasha, Wis., writes:
"/ heart/// endorse Peruna, as I find in my work among the poor and
sick in the city that it was a household blessing, bringing health and life
back to many a poor family.
"I have used it myself when worn out with ihe heat or overwork, and
have also found it a fine preventaiive for colds. I bslieva if Peruna would
be issued to the sick as coal and food is issued to the poor, much suffering
would be relieved, and from an economic standpoint it is one of the best
medicines that could be used."— MISS FRANCES GROSSEL
Miss Frances M. Smith. £44 Seventh av- I eat -with relish and my food does me
cnue, New York, writes: good. My night's sleep refreshes me and
"Care and responsibility shattered my I wake up in the morning bright and ac-
r«?rvous system. Like other women un- tive." — J. F. McGinn. ,
der a "great strain, my system gave way. J. F. McGinn was a member of the New
My food didn't seem to have any taste. York Assembly for one term and a mem-
My sleep was disturbed. I was just as ber of the old New York Board of Alder-
tired in the morning as I was at night, men (Municipal Council) for two years.
And there was a lazy, weak feeling over He is now connected with the Victoria
me all day. A friend requested me to try Hotel on Broadway.
Peruna^ I am grlad to be able to say that . _ _ «;„_'_+__>_ xrn-e*.
. v:Vr faking six bottles of It I feel a neC A U. S. Senator's Wife.
woman. My stomach is now in perfect or- Mrs. Verona E. Roach, wife of Senator
der and I s'leen well."— Frances M. Smith. Roach, of NorLh Dakota, writes from
Miss Frances M. Smith is treasurer of Lsrimore, X. D. :
the East Side Ladies' Aid Society. She
is connected wiih a number of benevolent / can cheerfully recommend your
in g tne Z Tenernent Hous/movement! e sh6 excellent remedy, Peruna. Indeed,
recently appeared before a committee of / L nnuu n f _„ n fhon nomorlu r>v <\u25a0,„,-.,\u25a0/„,.
the Legislature at Albany m favor of ' know ot no other remedy as good as
Tcrement House reform. yours It is a nrand tnnir "
Mr. J. F. McGinn, 508 W. Fiftieth street, J ours - n IS a 9 rana Tomc - —
New York City, writes: Verona E. Roach.
"Fifteen years of the closest application \u25a0\u25a0 , . ,
to mv own" business undermined my con- , If y° u do not derive prompt and satis-
stltution. TVhen I went to bed nights I factory results from the use of Peruna
couldn't sleep and when 1 got up in the f r }} e at once t0 . Dr - Hartman, giving a
morning I had neither strength nor ambi- [ u11 statement of your case, and he will
tion. I had read so much about Peruna be Pleased to give you his valuable advice
that I decided to try It as a tonic. Six gratis.
bcttles made a wonderful change in me. Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
JIv stomach is now in perfect condition. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, Ohio.
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
1 "THE SUPERIOR OF I
I THEM ALL" 1
II Everything that tends to I
S speed, comfort, pleasure and Eg
Eg luxury unlimited. Reserve g
H berths for this famous train LJ
p at 641 Market street. i
I IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND 1
I THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE I
SANTA FE
tEADI»lG BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WES
24 Post st., San Francisco. Cal.
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
.Write for 80-page catajogu* (free).By way 'of keeping up an interest in the America's
cup the Canadians arc talking of issuing a challenge,
and should Lipton stick to the contest' the next race
may show three yachts in the match.
It is stated that the Governor of New York has
already received two appeals, asking him to pardon
Czolgosz, so it appears the country is not to be
unanimous even on the punishment of a wretch of
that kind. vVV . »• - \u25a0
. \u25a0' ' -' . ; • • «*\u25a0 '
ENGLISH BREAKFAST TEA— T. C. S..
City. No tea is raised in England, and
the term breakfast tea" was
applied to a mixture of congou, flowery
pekoe and chop of Powchong. This made
such a pleasant tea that there was a great
demand for it, and as it could not be ha-I
at any^place but the tea store of Richard
Davles on Chatham street. New York
some one sent ten pounds of it to China
with instructions to make a large ship
ment of the same. The Chinese soon dis
covered the mixture and since that time
have put it up in half chests and shippe'l
to all parts of the world. Davles, who 1
had established a good business, soon had
his trade taken from him. became a ped
dlar of coffee. and died very. poor in New
Jersey.
Since, the Agricultural Department has proven that
vegetables can be profitably cultivated along, the
Alaskan coast, many a man who went there to dig
gold may stay to dig potatoes and be' thankful for
the chance.
The Wisconsin man who proposes tofurnjsh the
prairie States with new motive power by utilizing
cyclones to generate force in storage batteries has
overlooked the obvious danger that the '• cyclone
might take the battery along with it
TIN PLATE— A. D. F., Oakland, Cal.
Tin plate is r made of iron or steel plates
washed in acid to remove the oxide that
forms on • them by exposure to the air.
They are then dried, annealed, cold rolled,
annealed again and once more washed In
acid, after which they are plunged in
melted tallow and then dipped In a bath
of tin, where they remain about -twenty
minutes. The excess of tin is then re
moved, the plates are polished .and dried,
the grease removed and the plates are
finished. Terne plates is an inferior plate,
the tin, used being mixed with lead. Terne
plate, which is not bright, is known as
roofing tin. . . • . w
Tammany's candidate for Mayor, Edward Shepard,
is" said to be sucll a very good man that the reform
elements are wondering how he ever could have been
induced to accept the nomination. It i& probable,
however, that as the campaign goes on it will be
found that he is not such a good man as he appeared
before he got into the light of publicity.
THE OLD AMERICA— Yachtsman, City,
In the first race for. the America's cup the
America was matched against the Vo
lante, the Arrow and other boats. The
"Volante when third in the race sprung her
bowsprit, the America being at that time
more than a mile in the lead. The Ar
row, far in the lead of the Volante, went
ashore, and the second boat to finish was
the Aurora, .the smallest of all in the race.
The America was after the race bought
by Lord Blaaulere, who put a sailing
master on board who did not understand
her and matched her against the Arrow,
which defeated her badly.'
OUR various controversies with Canada have
been most of the'm before the public for a
long time,' and it is quite likely they will
continue to engage the attention of diplomatists for
a long time to come. Such, at any rate, is about the
only conclusion that can be drawn from the recent
statement of John Charlton, member of the Canadian
Parliament and of the Joint High Commission ap
pointed to settle the disputes, that the vital point
in the whole -controversy is .the Alaskan boundary
question, and that the position taken by the United
States with respect to it is "unfair and" untenable."
Charlton is reputed to be a statesman of high
ability and a man of friendly feelings toward the
United States. If he and such as he approach* the
disputes, between the two countries in the spirit re
vealed by the language quoted, what are we to "ex
pect of those members of the Canadian Government
who' are 'but jingo politicians and whose sentiments
with respect to the United' States are dominated by
prejudice rather than by friendship? -., - \u25a0, /
The claim of the United States concerning the
Alaskan boundary is based upon the treaty made be
tween Great Britain £nd Russia defining that, boun
dary. We claim nothing more than the British con
ceded to Russia by the language of the treaty, and
we certainly cannot be expected to take anything
less. - The- treaty declares that the boundary in dis
pute runs along the crest of a mountain range
parallel to and not more than ten marine leagues dis
tant from the sea, and that where the crest of the
OUR DISPUTES. WITH CANADA.
It may not be strictly true that a fool is born every
minute, but something of confirmation is given to
the theory , by the report that another "corn king"
has arisen in Kansas.
. Philadelphia politics this year has developed a
funny situation. The most noted leader of the fight
against municipal corruption is John Wanamaker,
bat Wanamaker's son runs one of the yellowest jour
nals in the country, and the people are opposed to it. '
The political bosses have been prompt to take ad
vantage of the fact, and the voters are now being told
that if they vote against the ring their votes will give
a boom to yellow journalism.
THE FACE— Coin. City. The face on
the silver dollar of the present day is
from sketches of the features of Miss
Anna W. Williams, who was at the time
it was adopted an attache of the parent
mint in Philadelphia. George J. Morgan,
who drew the design, made several
sketches of the lady's face and finally
used one of them on the dollars that were
issued in 1878, but he had altered it so
that the lady did not recognize it and did
not leaern until 1889 that her features had
been used as the basis for the figure of
liberty on the new coins."
SCHOONER— Subscriber, City. The name
schooner applied to a class of sailing ves
sels is derived from the Dutch word
"schoon," beautiful. The first vessel of
that class was, it is said, built at Glou
cester, Mass., by Captain Andrew Robin
son in nu\ When the vessel, which was
masted and rigged as "schooners are to
day, was going on* the stocks a bystander,
using the word schoon as a verb, said,
"Oh, how she schoons." The owner over
hearing this said "then let her be a
schooner," and from that time the vessels
of that class have been so called.
MDE BLOCH, whose theories on modern
war have been seemingly confirmed by
• every, event of the 'war in South Africa, is
one of the men who have profited most -by that pro
longed struggle. Without the war he would doubt
less have found it difficult to get a hearing from
anything but an academic society, but as it is h e not
only commands large audiences when lecturing to the
general public, but he has had the opportunity «to
address military bodies, and has thus gained in pres
tige as well as in reputation.
Lord Roberts is quoted as having said recently:
"When I went to South Africa I laid down the rule
that the files were, not' to be closer than six paces
when advancing to attack. That was very soon al
teredVto ten, and then to twenty paces. It is abso
lutely .necessary to be widely separated." It is fur
ther reported that General Von der Goltz of Ger
many, in discussing the demonstrations made dur
ing the Transvaal war, said that the battle of the
future is a riddle which no one can solve until it has
been actually fought out. His argument is that a
strong position well defended could not be carried by
long lines of widely separated riflemen alone, while
if an attack were made in masses the attacking force
*vould be exterminated by the defenders.
The views thus expressed by military men are con
firmations of the theories with which de Bloch inter
ested the world before the war in South Africa be
gan. . It is another evidence that all knowledge is
not confined to professionals. De Bloch is a
banker, but he none the less forestalled; all mili
tary writers of the time in calculating the effects
which improved firearms have produced in the con
duct of war.
In a recent lecture before the British United Ser
vice Institution , M. de Bloch said: "At Waterloo
Wellington had some 35,000 men on each mile of
ground. At Magersfontein the Boers, with some
6000, defended twenty. miles of front— that is to say,
they found 300 men per mile sufficient to hold their
line against British attack." By reason of the great
gain thus given to the defensive force it is argued
that it will be well nigh impossible hereafter to oon
quer a brave people who are resolved to maintain
their independence. De Bloch therefore declares it
to be now a useless waste of money to maintain the
enormous standing armies that so burden th*e nations
of Europe. He says the drilled soldier of the bar
racks will not be in future any better than the indi
vidual fighter, who has been taughtto rely upon himl
self. Discipline and tactics will count , for little in
opposition to courage and the ability to shoot and
to take care of one's self without waiting for the
word, of command.
WAR IN OUR TIME.
MOUNTAIN HIGH— Subscriber, City.
The term, or expression, "Waves moun
tain high." Is only a figure of speech, for
it is said that waves do not rise mountain
high. Waves in the North Atlantic have
been observed to rise 43 feet in height. Jn
the South Atlantic 22 feet is recorded. It
is reported that there have been waves SO
feet in height in the Bay of Biscay. In
the German Ocean they do not rise more
than 14 feet.
CIGARETTE SMOKING— T. S., City.
Slight poisoning by cigarette smoking is
indicated by nausea, but poisoning of the
system by the excessive use of cigarettes
is indicated by pallor, depression and loss
of nerve power. When that condition is
reached it is advisable to stop the use of
cigarettes, consult a reputable, physician
and follow his advice.
TRADE DOLLARS-C. C, City. The
coinage of trade dollars for general circu
lation ceased in 1S78. Proofs were made
in the following years to 1883 inclusive.
The price that dealers charge for such is
$2 50.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.-The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
Ebbitt— M. S. Kohlberg and wife, G B
Burling. Miss G. H. Stafford, Oakland-
Metropolitan-H. H. Stone, California.
Mrs. Henpeque— They say when a tiger
has its prey in its power the victim feel-s
neither fear nor pain— only a dreamy
ecstasy.
Mr. Henpeque— I , don't doubt it. The
night you accepted me I felt the same
way.— Judge.
"Git on to her givin' him a flower!"
"But yer can't depend on goils, Chim
my. To-day dey'll give yer a flower an*
termorrer a fro w-down."— Puck.
. BRESCHI— H. K. V., City. The punish
ment imposed on Breschi, the assassin of
King Umberto of Italy, was imprisonment
for life, as the. death penalty for crime
does not exist in that country.
NOT GIVEN OUT— T.- B., City. The
amount paid as salary to the parties
named in letter of inquiry is information
that is not given out by the parties inter
ested.
Surely we must be lenient to the errois of out
siders when the State is so ignorantly misrepresented
*Jby.-_a^ witness who professes to speak for it semi
£ officially. If the Industrial Commission want accu
f:frate* information : about California, it should call on"
" bur Senators and Representatives, who are well
equipped with knowledge of pur productive condi
tions and industrial, processes.
W"E are in" receipt of a copy of the evidence
given to the Senatorial commission of in
quiry into industrial conditions in behalf of
California.
The pundit who gave the evidence is named Turn
*bulL H«S ; testimony shows less knowledge of- the
State thaa may be in possession of any well blooded
animal enjoying the last syllable 'of his name. For
tunately it carries its own antidote and can do the
State no harm. Affecting profound knowledge of
our productive conditions, he was asked how wheat
is handled here. He answered that it is handled in
elevators, the same as in the East, and that these
•were . conveniently placed alongside railroad tracks
and wharves, just as in -the- East, and that ships
carried grain the same way as in Eastern ports.-
The fact of course is that not a bushel of grain is
handled in bulk here; there are no elevators; grain
is sacked in the field, stored in sacks in the ware
house, and loaded in sacks on ships for export. We
have seen no comparison between the cost of hand
ling it in sacks and by elevators, but we assume that
the sacking method is more, costly. In the East
wheat gets into a sack at all only to be hauled to the
nearest elevator, whereit is handled usually by com
pressed air' It is delivered in bulk from the elevator
into cars, and from these is sucked, by an exhaust
process, into the holds of ships for export.
All of these processes are unused and unknown
here, at least by any one except this pundit, who turns
his bull's eye upon our grain and sees it flying into
and out of elevators "conveniently located."
THE LATEST PUNDIT.
FATHER OF SYMPHONY— Music. City.
It was Haydn who was called "the Father
of Symphony" from the prominence he
gave to that form of composition.
WAR OF THE REBELLION— A. E. S.,
City. The United States Supreme Court
decided that 'the war of the rebellion
closed on the 20th of August, 1866.
NIGHT SCHOOLr-T. S., City. There is
no nieht school in the Western Addition
of San Francisco in which the Spanish
language is taught. • *
"Down in Massachusetts they have
found a linen duster that used to belong
to Daniel "Webster."
"They have, eh! Now, it would be nice
if they could find somebody it would fit
wouldn't it?"— Chicago Times-Herald. '
Gribbs— I see that Philadelphia is mak
ing up a purse to build a monument to
Alfred the Great.
Grabbs— Alfred the Great, eh? Hum!
Thousand years behind, as usual:— I. os
Angeles Times.
"It Is very simple. You tell the lady
how much you love her and her father
how much you owe."— Washington Star.
"I am unfamiliar with American cus
toms," said one European nobleman to
"What Is the usual nsod«T% peer
cedure in marrying an heiress?"
"Mamma says this is such an infernal
dinner that we need not have grace to
day."—Recollections of Mrs. Minnie E.
Leo, in Evening Wisconsin.
That meant one less ceremony to be
gone through and was a relief, but th*»
little lady was anxious to have all her
small guests understand It. So, as they
were gathered about the table, she ex
plained:
"Xo," said mamma: "it will be a very
informal dinner, and I think you need not
do that."
A tiny girl of seven gave a dinner party
the other day, for which twelve covers
were laid, and that number of small maid
ens sat down to dine. It was a real little
girl's dinner, and the little hostess her
self presided, sitting at the head of the
table. She had been very anxious. In
looking forward to it, to do everything- aa
it should be done.
"Mamma," she asked, "shall we say
grace?"
PROSCENIUM-S. A.. W., City. The
proscenium of a theater is that part of
the stage between the drop curtain an<l
the orchestra.
W. H. Davenport, general agent of the
Colorado Midland Railway, returned yes
terday from Southern California.
R. Robertson, proprietor of the Gilroy
Springs, is in the city on a business trip.
He Is stopping at the Lick.
J. J. Byrne, traffic passenger manager
of the Santa Fe with headquarters in Los
Angeles, is at the Palace.
The Rev. Father Kauten. pastor of the
Church of the Lady of Lourdes in Spo
kane, is at the Palace.
D. L. Harbaugh, formerly proprietor of
the Rainier Grand Hotel at Seattle, is at
the Occidental. \u25a0
Harry McEnerhy, connected with the
Picayune of New Orleans, is here on a
business trip.
Dr. W. J. Waller of Sacramento Is at
the Palace.
Julius Cain, a merchant of Newman, is
at the Lick.
H. M. Reed, an oil man of Reedley. is
at the Grand.
F. Treskon. a merchant of Crockett. Is
at the Grand.
C. B. Shaver, a raisin grower of Fresno,
is at the Palace.
O. J. Woodward, a banker of Fresno, Is
among the arrivals at the Lick.
Thomas J. Kirk, State Superintendent
of Public Instruction, is at the Palace.
General \V. . Forsyth of Fresno Is stay
ing at the Occidental with his wife and
family.
James P. Adams, a furniture manufac
turer of Chicago, is among the arrivals at
the Palace.
PERSONAL ' MENTION.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Note— Where two rates of taxation are given the lesser rate is that levied on property situate within the limits ot Incorporated cities
or towns, such property being exempt from road tax.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
THURSDAY..;....... OCTOBER 10, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. %
At&rtn All Commcnieitioos to W. 8. LEASE,- Xutger. '
MANAGER'S OFFICES .Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third, S. F.
' .T Telephone Press 201. '
EDITORIAL ROOMS.. ...217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202. '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
Dellrerefl by Carriers, IB Cents PerWeek. .'
Mnsrte Copies, 6 Cents'. -
Terras by Mall, Including Poitnaei
DAIL.T CALL (lncludir.tr Sunday), one year t«.M
OAXL.T CALL <lnc!udlnr Sunday). C montbi S.M
DAILY CALL Clncludlnr Sunday). S j.onths...... 1.60
DAILY CALL-By Single Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL/ On* Year 1.E0
«XEKLT CALL. One Tear 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Eamrl* copies will be forwanSed when requested.
Mall subscribers In ordering chaujre of address should be
fMrticulmr to clre' both NEW AXD OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a' prompt- and correct compliance trith their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE . XI 18 Broadmr
( . i . \u25a0 __; .
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Ktsiger Foreign Advertising, Kirquetts Building, Chietgt.
(Lose Distance Telephone '^Central 2619."> . ..
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTOX Herald Square
ICEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH ....30 Tribune Ball dins
CHICAGO NSWB 6TAND8:
.Ehensu Soase: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Houce; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
'Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHIXGTOX (D; C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St.. K. W.
MORTON K. CRANE:. Correspondent.
BRA\CH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 100 Hayes, open until 9:30 o ¥ clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Lorkin, open until
t :S0 o'clock. 19(1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2361 Market.
; corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1098 Valencia, open
-cntn S o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second, and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
K00 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
It is this wrangle that makes the report of the death
of the Ameer of Afghanistan so startling to London
just at this time. In fact, the British Government has
projected a line of railway from the Indian frontier
to the Persian Gulf, and the proposed line was de
signed to cross a portion of Afghanistan. Should
anything prevent the extension of British railroads
the consequences would be very serious to the em
pire. It can readily be understood, therefore, why the
United Kingdom felt a shock when the report of
the Ameer's death was received. ' It meant for the
British the loss of a friend in the very place where
they most need one just now.
It -will be remembered that a short time ago" the
British sent a warship to Koweyt for the purpose of
preventing the Turks from occupying that ( port. It
was believed at the time that it might lead to a clash
with the Sultan, and the danger, it would seem, is not
yet over. The Sultan is the rightful sovereign of the
province, but the Arab tribes that occupy it have
never been submissive subjects, and the British, for
their own purposes, have encouraged them to act in
dependently. The recent dispatch of a war vessel to
the scene of the trouble appears, therefore, .to mean
a determination on the part of the British to claim the
port as their own and thus prevent it from falling into
the hands of either Russia or" Germany.
DESPATCHES from London announcing the
receipt in that city of the report of the death
of the Ameer of Afghanistan said: "In view
of the existing critical situation in South Africa the
news sent something like a'- shock through the
United Kingdom." It is not strange it should have
done so. Affairs throughout Southern Asia, from
Syria to the confines of India, are evidently becoming
seriously tangled, and the Ameer is one of the men
upon whom the British have relied most confidently
to keep the peace until the South African "struggle
is over and their armies are released from service in
that quarter of the globe.
Asia is an enormous continent, but vast as is the
area, its peoples and its politics are closely linked to
gether. Just at present the danger point is at the
Persian Gulf. The^ Germans have a concession for a
railway from the Bbsphorus to the Gulf, of Persia by
way of the valley of theEuphrates. Shortly after that
concession was granted the Russians obtained a' su- ;
preme influence in Persian affairs by reason of a loan
made to the Shah, and it is believed to be only a :
matter of time when Russia will get control, of a
gulf port as a commercial and a naval base. •
The two things mean' that both Germany and Rus
sia are to be firmly established on the Persian Gulf,
and that in turn means that those powers will have
strong positions on the route from the Suez canal to
India. British supremacy in that part of the ocean
is therefore seriously threatened, and British states
men and British generals are well aware of the
menace.
SOUTH ASIAN POLITICS.
There is a growing demand in London that j Lord
Roberts return to South Africa and give Kitchener
a chance to come to London and explain.
,;\u25a0; \u25a0\u25a0 ~ I ft «! IP if. «i p ! ! i nf I $ $
counties : : M := ? : = ~,"i stj? a » • .,'-*,:«>\u25a0 5 »§ - "
, i i 1 ill ir \i \u25a0 J| fllf 15 i? i U h:
: mili ;l it ill igsl ;t j,?jL_L_il,_l*L
SSli li If &g jssj ki !i! ass #g& »&\u25a0&\u25a0».«\u25a0
SSSsavi ::::::::::: rlS «1 '\u25a0»:- >»- £8fe »;» £SS8 ,.?g;§ :::::::::: ! :°°°- ;g %\i
lr^-==:: »fl igl Ufa H fflS USS JK8 SS fcg [g :{8
Humboldt \\ li'i^^f n 7 J 6 .' 4:i0 957,363 114.629 9,511405- 495,813 . 10.007,218 1.726.644 48.000 4S.000 133-160
Invo \u25a0'£ 'i'o^ 2,654,165 2,488.725 527,031 13 099 949 :..- 18 099,949 2.159.537 1S.0OO 18.000 125 -165
T<2 r n H 8# b09 467 ' 429 455 - 10 ' • 5.400 1 802^515 82.791 1.S83.336 1S1.267 60,000. 60,000 3 15
KW S ?6 13.352.662 2.433,697 3.256,716 125 115 19 16*090 1.961800 21129.890 1.142.776 235.000 235.000 120-150
lIu! :: S ?•&?•?£ • m°.«« ms« tiiuss «4ii8 7.563.903 1.173.00 32.000 32.000 124-152
lessen... it H?H5£ Z2HS2 432 - 673 43 - 400 3.178 460 3.178.460 418.806 47,800 47.800 1 S7 -2 17
Los Aneeles I kq'IJS'^2 - 1.043,709 , 121.293 3.298.780 200.870 3.499.650 -232.510 1 &>
Madera A 5 f'"H'? 27.350.490 13.948,007 904.544 100.520 956 2.807.948 103.328.904 5.386.303 419,500 413.500 140-200
Marta & HS'!£ 619.710 971,150 18.100 5,360,285 929.657 6.289.942 523,010 2 50
Marposa £ J'JS'SS Hl 2 - m 1 « M5^ 7 « »•«» "336 635 772 269 13.108,904 2,285.060 133.530 135,500 125 -162
M*ndocino u HV>i™ , foH22 279 ' 700 2- 400 2.096 587 ... 2.096.587 97.963 10.000 10.000 3 CO
Me?ced 4 q'!2?^ ?'?^-?l2 1.6«.751 9S.42S 10.331465 328.789 10.660.254 1.479.663 95.000 95.000 160-200
Modo C « ?'o-I-2?i H!2'?*l 1.528.572 37,714 12^147.562 1,510 215 13.657.777 1.882,383 128,900 128.900 140 -175
C 1* 1 -2o3.68o 521,742 1,180,861 47,517 3.003 805 ......... 3.003.805 181.637 2 Ort
MMteiiV ?fi „ 5^ ,*".«2 2.-J9.774 7 486 1100 067 37.209 1137 276 54.800 5.000 5.0ft) 3 25
Momerey 16 12.013.470 2.709.070 1.586.687 117.735 16.406 962 1.609 494 18.016.436 2.138.110 128,000 133,120 150
xtvadi ?i 9-«'«n 1-lS'fS L741.905 176.725 11254 570 510 731 11.763.301 1.408.705 181-164
OranK^ " ?^ 1'inl'lS ?-f?2\ 5 55 L056.515 47.593 6.448 230 628.110 7.076.340 420.S2O 2 23 -2 63
p[a" g - e \% 5'52o'5« ?*^» >150 L271.505 S0.705 10.518.260 727.2S1 11.245.544 287.605 95.000 95.000 140 -180
Pu^_ *l,H*Hc- 1 > 946 - 745 843,170 103.16T. 7.055.4S5 2,042,172 9.097.657 1,002,420 56.000 5H.0OO 160-195
KivSSfde m Hi--^ ;t2-25 m - m 3 - 6fi0 2 - W6 « 79 « 325 2.093.004 168.384 35.100 35,100, 200
Sacramento 5 la'i&wn l£$Wi\ L 027 - 7 !©- 62.5« 10.512.403 1.736 306 12.248.709 70O.089 183-225
pf n B^nFtO « 2'm-'?I2 8> o2?-^? 4 - 425 -°P 576 - 560 33.0D6.030 1249 987 34.346.017 1.947.710 404.500 422.S95 19S-19O
San Bernardi'nn In s'^n'"- \u25a0, c - 5^\ 739.9S5 37.335 5.828.165 190.575 8.018.740 1.810.110. 18.000 18.000 155-190
San ml™ o i?'--2'?m 3 A°A-l$\ 1 - 162 . 455 75,320 13,523.110 2.S93.039 16,416.149 1.001.485 160-200
SaSS^n ? iw'JiS'JS J*JJ?-22 2 -™,922 151,261 18,241.620 1,720,339 19.961.959 1.858,762 151.000 156,000 165-225
Pan Tolou'n I 9 I f ?2J-2S5 83 - 638 .5"l 37.779.400 413.099.99J 288 427 413.388.420 48.077,827 250.000 250.0CO 15562
sin L.uts oblVm 2 ? I'ms'nfil n 6 '^ 1 ??, 1 3 - 542 -52S 525.610 29.S49.910 2.173 462 32.023.372 4.760.34S - 126. COO 128.000 135-175
sf n Mateo \l l^i?- J'!2M21 J-^ 7 ' 446 178 - 100 ".393.841 920.643 12 313.984 1.958,298 76.000 78.000 180 -183
Santa/ Barbara"- 17 ' I'q^iq? "' 5'm? i s?2 M °° 157 ' 355 ".161.790 333.167 14.484.957 1.373.050 43,000 48.000 1275-184
Sanh P!»r» I &£*3 i!'«H«? 1 - 625 . 290 «9,050 13.223,647 746,221 13.969.868 2.245.257 1 60 - 3 00
o!St« rJSr \u25a0 1^ l-^'lt -^'SS'Jfe 4,544.520 378,945 50,634.635 1,266.328 Bl.920.963 8.672.9S0! 70.000 70.000 110-150
Shasta si J'^'Sm f'SS-JSS 1-236.050 78.875 10.634.960 588 007 11222.967 1.587.110 63.000 «3.W>0 1 It5 - 2 00
|le r ra A 'qs^-o --l-ISn 1 'J 7 2 1 2S? ". 5S1 7.922.865 1.439.439 9.362.304 522.184 47.000 47.000 165-300
cS ' ST iTtlT-l i t-i'-oc - JS!i SS 5 - 8S3 1.485.371 44.233 1.529.604 74.885 5.500 5.500 3 0O
5 !„„ : ?J in'tV,'-?. J-^?'S;S 1.263,284 200,036 7.533.104 1,458.724 8.991.828 787.517 45,200 46,200 160 -175
S™ U Jj-WM? ?.gl.O76 1,982,964 119,060 16,727.613 796.504 17 524 117 2.832.549 123-165
stSiuV £ ™ ? 8'«s 2 °A™*1°- 2 - 896 .° 14 354.3C5 24.135.594 1,867.585 26.003.179 3.533,630 113.000 113.C00 128-163
Su«i? I'tili^ il^-c 1-K 3 - S05 110-270 10.783.325 1.254.085 12.037.410 J.86S. 2 JO 26,244 153-185
Tehama" tt e«ini 1 fl-'-in -, l*A^l 26 - 429 5.902.338 462.123 6.364.459 1.078.843 11.000 11.000 179
Trtrml ~l fstlS. 'fnai* 1 '2JM?° 132065 10.011,330 899,343 ,10,910 679 1.352.760 37.500 37.500 119-150
iTA""/ H a -ti'il- ,iSl'?2" 283,719 37.7S9 1.567,998 1.667,998 104.032 21,000 21.0CO 2 90
™are 18 9,768 .|6o 2.126.4M 1,904.965 129.657 13.929 361 1,864,946 15.794 307 1,931166 120-150
n '"£l ne - 3 0 121B 2-512-S52 'l™-™ 28 - 29( > 6.261.260 163.410 6,424 670 406.095 160-200
n o tura f. Jl'l&Qi 'l-iil'W J-?iM 04 134 ' 9S4 8.0H.381 5S6.S62 8.658.243 1.182.212 2.000 2,000 160 -2 00
?°L° a l\ S'fi«'??s ?'«nJjn MS'??? 210 - 532 15.083.482 950.864 16.034.346 2 128 480 103-133
1Uba •••• •; 41 2,6^3,105 1.340,940 939,455 113,295 5,051,845 412,589 5,464,434] 747,360 2 00 - S 20
Totals ..:.....'...... | .". [$680.270,651 276,849,32611159,506.344 45.937,997 $l,192,584,318l$49Tliiu3~5| 8C3| $149.34lTo64 1 $3. 224,400 33,833,233 "~~~"
A COMPREHENSIVE table, compiled by Controller of the debtedness of each county for -the yf ar 1901 It aso,hows the
State E. P. Colgan from the records of his office, and rate of 'taxation i In i each county. The State rate 1 3 43 cents on
r~ ? l S herewith, will prove of great in- '"valuation of university and other State mort
terest to the taxpayers of every county in the State. ga ges is i $1 605 980. The floating debt of the State, with inter
ims table shows the values of property in and the in- est, is $108,833. The table follows:
The sober second thought of the people is quite
likely to demand of State Legislatures some 'action
in line with these judicial interpretations of the power
of the States, and as a result there will be less incite
ment to disorder and fewer appeals to passion to
commit such crimes as the murder of the. President..
These three decisions considerably illuminate the
pathway of State legislation. They do not go to
the prohibition of any publication, but to the en
forcement of responsibility for abuse oHhe right to
publish.
They also cast a strong light upon the abuses with
which the public has become familiar in the Hearst
papers. When they published the hope that the
United States Supreme Court Justices "would be
tarred and feathered in the streets of Washington"
they were bringing that tribunal into contempt an'd
disrespect. When they advised every man that it was
his duty to make every one around him discontented
they were assailing public order. When they declared
that anarchy would teach the country a useful lesson
they were attacking the foundations of law and gov
ernment.
In the State vs. Merrill the Arkansas Supreme
Court said: ''Any citizen has the right to publish the
proceedings of a court, and, if he deem it necessary
for the public good, to comment on them freely and
to discuss the fitness or unfitness of the Judges for
their 6tations, but he has no right to attempt by
defamatory publications to degrade the tribunal, de
stroy public confidence in it, and dispose the com
munity to disregard and set at naught its orders,
judgments and decrees. Such publications are an
abuse .of the. liberty of the press, and tend to sap the
very foundations of good order and well being in
society. -The liberty of the press is one thing, and
licentious, scandal is another." •
THE first passion of the country has subsided,
and the propositions for treating anarchy that
were made when the President was struck down
are now being subjected to deliberate analysis. In
this calmer temper there is no doubt tliat some laws
on the subject will be framed and passed by Con
gress. These must naturally relate to a closer exami
nation of immigration. Foreign countries are rather
glad to get rid of their violent and disorderly people
and to bestow them upon us as a problem. There
may Well be some doubt about such Governments
giving much assistance in securing the record of
known anarchists who desire to migrate to this coun
try. Perhaps it will be found necessary, to compel
all immigrants to be certificated by the American
Consul at the port of departure. That official may
be charged to thoroughly examine each applicant for
a certificate, taking all the time that is necessary. It
may be said that this will work a hardship to the in
tending immigrant, but that is not our affair. Our
duty is to spare this country the hardship of receiving
the sworn enemie*s of- all law and all government.
Such immigration regulation will give us time to
look over our home stock of anarchists and deter
mine what to do with them.
In that part of the work Congress is checked by
constitutional limitations which do not apply to the
States. 'Congress may exercise only the powers
granted by the constitution, while the States may
exercise al! powers not forbidden to them by the
constitution. The States, therefore, may define the
limits of free speech and a free press, and may make
misdemeanor or felony of acts upon which Congress
may not legislate at all.
What, may be done by the States was outlined in
the trial of the Haymarket anarchist assassins in Chi
cago. When their cases were appealed to the Su
preme Court of Illinois Chief Justice Magruder, in
passing upon them, said: "If men combine together
as conspirators to accomplish an unlawful purpose, as
the overthrow of society and government and law,
called by them 'a social revolution,' and seek as a
means to an end to print and speak, in order to incite
others to tumult and riot and murder, those who ad
vise or instigate the others to violence will be held
responsible for the murder that may result from' their
aid and encouragement. He who inflames people's i
minds and induces them by violent means to accom
plish an illegal object is himself a rioter, though he I
takes no part in the riot. If he wake into action an i
indiscriminate power he is responsible. If he give
directions, vaguely and incautiously, and the person
receiving them act according to what he might have
foreseen would be the understanding, he is respon
sible. It can make no difference whether the mind
is affected by inflammatory words addressed to the
reader through the newspaper organ of a society to !
which he belongs, or to the hearers through the j
spoken words of an orator to whom he looks up as i
a representative of his own particular class."
In the case ,of the People against Banks, in Kan
sas, there was involved a statute providing for the
punishment of a newspaper devoted to the publica
tion of scandals and accounts of lecherous and im
moral conduct. The court said: "We entertain no
doubt that the Legislature has power to suppress
this class of publication without in any manner vio
lating the liberty of the press." .
VALUE OF CALIFORNIA PROPERTY
AND INDEBTEDNESS OF COUNTIES
ANTI-ANARCHIST LAWS.
mountains is at a greater distance" then" the boundary,
runs along a lin,e ten marine leagues from .'the sea and
parallel to the windings of the coast. ' The Canadians
have set up a claim that the boundary should run ten
leagues from the coastline from headland to headland
without regard to the windings of bays, and because
we do not set aside the plain language of the treaty
and concede that claim Mr. Charlton charges that our
position is unfair and untenable.,
It goes without saying that so long as Canadian
statesmen of the eminence of Mr. • Charlton holds
such views our disputes with Canada will go' on. It
is to be regretted that it should be so' The points
in controversy are not of any grave importance to
either ourselves or the Canadians, and no one be
lieves that any of them will ever be a cause of war.
None the less their existence is "a continual provoca
tion to wrangling. It was earnestly hoped that the
present Joint Commission would find a way for set
tling all of them, but up to this time.it has done
nothing to justify the expectation, and now Mr.
Charlton's words will g0 far to put an end to the
hopes of the most sanguine.
TB E SAN FRANCISCO CALIy THURSDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1 901.
6
J. Pierpont Morgan— the How I Came to Be In 165
Man. Battles.
BY MORRISON PIXLEY. BY ARTHUR S. KITCHEN.
' The First Installment of
"GRAISTARK"
• -
The Greatest Novel Written in Years
WILL APPEAR SUNDAY, OCTOBER 13.
Od{festCo!lege«*Frat"in The Girls of the Famous
America Is in California. "Florodora" Sextet.
Special information supplied daily to-
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping: Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
630 Market street. Palace Hotel building •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend/s.»
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Tpwnsend. •
Choice candles. Townsend'a, Palace Hotel*
By "Wm. G. Layng— This day, at 11 o'clock, Road Horses,
Buggies, etc., at 721 Howard street.
AUCTION SATYFIS.
Central— "Beacon Lights." > . •
Alcazar — "Too Much Johjjaon."
Ti %t>li — " 'Xabuceo."
California— Herrmann.
Grand Opera-house— "Hamlet."
Columbia — "Florodora."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Chutes, Zoo and . Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venlng.
Fischer' s— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
'Alhambra — Royal Italian Band. Sunday evening, October 13
Sutro Bath&— Open nights.
JLiUJSEaiENTS.to arrive. •
Steamer. . From. I Due.
Despatch San Pedro (Oct. 10
City or Puebla Puget Sound Ports |Oct. 10
Santa Rosa.... San Difgo & Way l'ts. Opt. 10
Noyo... Humbotdt Oct. 10
Marlpo?a Honolulu Oct. 10
Titania Nanalmo Oct. 11
Arcata Coos Bay & Ft. Orforil Oct. 11
Point Arena... Point Arena Oct. •!
Crescent City. Crescent City Oct. 11
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way Pts. Oct. 12
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Oct. 12
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 1.
Ralnier Seattle & New What.. Oct. 13
Progreso Seattle Oct. 13
Kureka Humboldt Oct. M
Kmpire Cooa Hay Oct: 14
.Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Oct. 14
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports Oct.- 1}
Rival Willapa Harbor Oct. 14
• 'orona Rctlondo & Way Ports Oct. IS
San Juan Panama & Way Ports Oct. "15
America Maru China and Japan...... Oct. 15
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael.... Oct. 15
Australia Tahiti Oct. 16
Sesostris..: Hamburg & Way Pts. Oct. 16
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Oct. 17
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Oct. 19
. TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October IO.
Despatch Seattle &. Falrhavn C pm Pier 3
Mandalay iCoquille River .... 5 pm Pier 8
Memphis I Hamburg & Way. 10 am | Pier 27
O. W. Elder.. Astoria & PortlandlU amtPier 24
Corona Redondo & Way..|ll am Pier 11
Alliance Portland & C. Hay 9 am Pier 3
October 11.
Czarina...... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Euieka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
October 12.
Hyades N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 38
Alameda Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
October 13.
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Arcata C. liay & Pt. Orfd. 10 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Ootober ( 14.
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
October 15.
Coptic-...* China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 10.
Rival Willapa Harbor Pier —
October 17.
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way, 12 m Pier 10
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Bertha Valdez and Kodlak.... Oct. 10
Al-KI Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 10
Queen Norm? Oct. 10
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 13
IMrlgo Kkainiay & Way Ports. Oct. 13
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 15
Dolphin 8kaguay & Way Ports. Oct.. 16
City ot heattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. IS
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
' Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and . low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 10.
Sun rises : ." :...6:13
Sun sets : 5:40
Moon rises 4:23 a. m.
Time Time ' Time . Time •
Date Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W . H W L W II W
10 ... 3:36 1.1 10:10 6.5 4:12 1.0 10:39 4.9
11... 4:10 1.4 10:41 5.6 4:51 0.8 11:29 5.1
12 ... 4:40 1.7 11:12 5.6 6:24 0.5
II W L W H W L W
13 ... 0:11 ' 4.7 6:12 2.0 11:40 5.6 6:00 0.3
14 ... 0:38 4.6 6:44 2.3 12:04 6.6 6:39 0.8
15... 1:44 4.4 6:15 2.6 12:30 5.4 7:17 0.3
16 ... 2:30 4.3 6:50 8.0 1:01 5.2 8:00 0.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
Steamer Movements.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, October 9.
Stmr Curacao. Paulsen, Guaymas; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Mineola. Kirkwood, Xanalmo; Pacific
Im:>rovement Co.
Stmr Geo \V Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Xav Co.
Br ship John Cooke, Quayle, Liverpool; G W
McXear.
SAILED.
Wednesday, October 9.
Stmr Curacao, Paul?en, Guaymas.
Stmr Pleiades, Smith, Seattle.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nopander. Moss Landing.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Cella, Illccins, .
Stmr San Pedro, Jahns?n, Eureka.
Stmr South Coa3t, Olsen, Eureka.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, .
Pt:nr Navarro. Olsen. .
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Samoa, Hansen, .>
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, Comox.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, Comox.
Br ship Achashle, Longmulr, Queenstown.
Br ship Savernake, Toole, Queenstown.
Brlgr Cossuelo. Page, Eureka and Hllo.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Skipper, .
Schr Serena Thayer. Web?r, Eureka.
Schr Guide, Olsen, Eureka.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 9, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind S\V, velocity 8 miles per hour
SPOKEN.
Sept 24, lat 25 N, len 16 W— Fr bark Max
from Glasgow, for San Francisco.
Sept 26, lat 30 N, Ion 18 W— Fr bark Ville
de Dijon, from Swansea, for San Francisco \u25a0
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Oct 9— Shlo S D
Carleton. from Honolulu; schr C II Merchant
hence Sept 21.
Passed outward Oct 9— Brig Blakeley, Tor
; brig Tanner, for Honolulu; Br bark City
of HanKow, for Port Pirie.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Oct 9-Stmr Rival
hence Oct 5.
PORT TOWN SEND— Passed in Oct 9— Stmr
Nome City, from Cape Nome, for Seattle 1 stmr
City of Seattle, from Skaguay, for Seattle
Sailed Oct 9— Schr Oliver J Olsen, for Cal
lao.
Passed In Oct 9— Stmr Santa Ana, from
Nome.
UNALASKA-Sailed Sect 24-Stmr Portland
for Nome. Sept 26— Stmr St Paul for Vornp
WHATCOM— Sailed Oct 7— Ship Hecl'a for
Sydney.
Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Rainier, from Seattle
SAN Oct 9-Schr Jennie
Stella, from Grays Harbor.
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct p— Schr Melancthon
hence Sent 24. : v, .
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 9-Schr Alice
Cookp, from Honolulu.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 9— Fr bark Marechal
Davout, from Nagasaki.
PAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 9-Stmr Robert Dol
lar, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 8-Schr Ma
weema. from San Pedro; stmr Coronado from
Seattle. . '
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 9— Br stmr Lincoln
shire, from Hiogo; stmrs Nome City and City
of Seattle, from Alaska. .
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 9— Stmr Homer
hence. Oct 7: stmr Santa Barbara, hence Oct
7; schr Otillle Fjord, from Honolulu.
XOME— In oort Sept 25— Stmr Newsboy
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Oct 9— Stmr
City of \u25a0 Para, for Honolulu: stmr Alcazar for
San Francisco: stmr Robert Dollar, for' San
Francisco. . '
TACOMA— Arrived Oct J>-Schr Alvena. from
San Pedro.
EASTERN PORT.'
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct S— Stmr Alllanca "
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VALPARAISO— Arrived prior to Sept 25—B
bark Lota, from Port Blakeley. . "
la port Sept 10— Nor bark Sydcnham, for Ta
coma.
BARRY— In port Sept lS-Fr bark Bayard,
for San Francisco. . \u25a0 \u25a0
HAMBURG— Sailed Sept 15— Ger ship Barm
bek, for Astoria.
MOLLENDO — Sailed Oct 2 — Bktn Kfiti*
FUckingfr, for Pu set Sound. Sept 3-Ger stmr
HormonthK for Hamburg.
NAGASAKI— Arrived about Oct 7— U S stmr
Meade. from Manila, for San Francisco
HIOGO— tn port Sept 17— Br stmr Langbank.
for Oregon. ' . .
YOKOHAMA-Sailed Oct 4-Br stmr Em
press of Japan, for Vancouver. \u25a0
Arrived Oct 8— Br stmr Doric, hence Sept 20
GUAYAQUIL. — Sailed Sept 21— Ger stmr
Neko, for Hamburg. \u25a0 *\u25a0
NANAJMO-Pnlled Oct 8-Nor stmr Titania.
for San Francisco.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
"Wednesday, October 9.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, <Ms days from Ta
coma.
Stmr Dora, Knudsen, 19 days from St Mich
ael: 14 days from Unalaska. <
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen, 56 hours from
V lef orla, etc. •
Stmr Eureka. Jensen, 2G hours from Eureka.
Tus Geo R Vosberg. Crim, 6 days from Ne
halem. with barge C II Wheeler In tow.
Bark Santiago. Engalls, 21 days from Hono
lulu.
Fr l>ark Anjou. Creurer, 1G4 days from New
castle, Ensland; lf>4 days from Cherbourg.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
October 9. 1S91.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
_, , -T. B. MILTON.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge'
Time Ball.
Water-Front Notes.
The British ships Toxteth. Dunfermline
and California have all been chartered to
load canned goods to England. These will
be the first large shipments of salmon and
fruit of this years crop to the European
market.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mall
boat Alameda will be onicered as follows
when she sails next Saturday: Captain,
C. F. Herriman; ohief officer. J. J.
Keoughan (late of the Zealandla); chief
engineer, C. J. Morgan; first assistant en
gineer, J. F. Flynn; purser, Thomas
Smith; surgeon. J. A. Nelson, M.D., and
chief steward, O. N. Clark.
The friends of Charles Olsen, head
stevedore of the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany, will be glad to hear that he is back
at work again. Nearly a fortnight ago
"Charley" stepped on a spar and it rolled
over with him. He lost his balance and
fell a distance of over twelve feet.
The German ship Emilie sailed from
Valparaiso for San Francisco September
13. She will load wheat here for Europe.
The. bark Santiago arrived from Hilo
The shippers using Mission 1 wharf
apked the Board of Harbor Commission
ers yesterday to change the gate at the
pier entrance, as they want to put a gate
keeper there. The matter was referred to
the chief wharfinger.
Lieutenant Colonel C. E. L. B. Davis
asked for B berth at Clay-street wharf for
a new engineer department tender. The
matter was taken under advisement.
The chief wharfinger reported that Ad
miral Miller couid not be given dock fa
cilities for the tug Unadilla at Clay-street
wharf, as the space was. all taken.
The Risdon Iron Works was given per
mission to erect a float between Folsom
wharves 1 and 2.
The Dunsmuirs want to widen their coal
bunkers on Folsom 2 ten feet. The matter
was referred to the chief engineer and
chief wharfinger.
Harbor Commissioners.
The British Ehlp John Cooke was cleared yes
terday for Liverpool with the following cargo
valued at t2iS.54O: 14,<Mr> cs canned fruit. 47.GSI
cs salmon, D75 cs honey. 159.408 It>3 orehilla,
4.-.00 ctls barley, 16,803 ctls wheat and TOO) ft
lumber aa dunnage.
A Cargo for Liverpool.
The Alice Cooke will load lumber at Port
Gamble for Honolulu; the Nelson, wheat at
Portland for Europe, 37s 6d; the County of
Kinross, same voyage and terms, chartered
prior to arrival; the Norwegian steamer Thyra,
lumber at Portland for China, prior to arrival;
the Marguerite Mollnos, wheat at this port for
Europe. 3Ss 9d, rechartered; the British steamer
Lincolnshire, wheat at Portland for Europe,
3Hs. prior to arrival.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Adolph Sohllnger, a marine fireman,
was beaten by two men at the corner of
Washington and Battery streets last
evening. His injuries, which were not of
a serious nature, were attended to at the
Harbor Receiving Hospital.
Marine Fireman Beaten.
The British ship Haddon Hall was taken
to Siusalito yesterday, where she will He
up until wheat rates advance above 40
shillings per ton.
yesterday after a fair run for this time of
the year. '
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Zea
landia was taken to Martinez yesterday,
where she will be laid up indefinitely.
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In ad
dition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
THE OVERDUE FRENCH BARK ANJOU, ON WHICH 15 PER CENT RE
INSURANCE WAS PAID, COMING IN THE GOLDEN GATE. SHE IS
COAL, LADEN AND UNDERWRITERS WERE AFRAID OF CARGO.
Frank Engle, a young man who was ar
rested during the Republican primary
election for illegal voting, was discharged
by Judge Cabaniss yesterday. It was
shown that Kngle was drunk at the time
he voted, and there was everything to
prove that he was irresponsible for his
act.
Illegal Voter Discharged.
Sent to the Almshouse.
John Nolan, who claims that his wifa
Is a relative of the wealthy Mrs.
Veronica Baird, widow of the late Miles
Balrd, who owned a controlling interest
in the California Powder Works, was
sent to the Almshouse yesterday at his
own request. Nolan told a sad tale In the
health office of how adversity had come
upon him. and he applied to the rich rela
tive of his wife without success. Nolan
says he has a son. Richard Nolan, a sol
dier, at present In the Philippines. The
elder Nolan's wife resides at 736 O'Far
rell street, where she is caring for the
only child of their daughter, who was de
serted by her husband.
Dr. C C. O'Donnell Is about to file his
petition of 3316 names of voters. He Is
making a tremendous fight for Mayor and
Is speaking to enthusiastic audiences in a
different district every night. •
L. L. Lumsden, deputy United States
quarantine officer, swore to a complaint
yesterday in the office of United States
District Attorney Woodworth against
Captain Hagerup of the American steamer
Francis Cutting, charging him with vio
lating the quarantine laws by landing
three members of the crew before they
had been inspected by the quarantine of
ficials. One of the members of th^ crew
referred to Is Joseph W. Hume, proprietor
of the vessel. He shipped from Kadlak,
Alaska, as a member of the crew.
Captain Hagerup Arrested.
LADYSMITH— Sailed Oct S-Shlp St Nicho
las, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Sailed vrior to Oct 9— Stmr Ven
tura, for Sail Francisco and Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BOSTON— Arrived Oct »— Stmr Ivernia, from
Liverpool and Queenstown.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 9— Stmr Mar
quette, from Liondon.
Sailed Oct 9— Stmr St Paul/ for Southamp
ton: Btmr Southwark, for Antwerp; stmr Ma
jestic, for Liverpool; stmr Mongolian, for
Glasgow.
I..IVKRPOOT.*— Arrived Oct 9 — Stmr Ansonla.
from Bostoa; stmr Nordland, from Phila
delphia.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct S-Stmr Furnessla.
from New York. —
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to Oct 9— Stmr Ven
tura, from San Franclaco.
IiOXDON- Arrived Oct 9— Stmr Manttou,
from New York.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Oct 9— Stmr Deutsch
land, from New York, via Plymouth, for Ham
burg.
Sailed Oct 9— Stmr Kaiser "Wilhelm der
Gro.«se. from Bremen and Southampton.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Oct 9— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Gropse, from Bremen, for New
York, via Cherbourg.
• GLASGOW— Sailed Oct 9— Stmr Norwegian,
for Boston.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct 9— Stmr Maas
dam, from New York, .via Boulogne, Sur Mer.
Leach testified further that the money
for the sale made in April was not de
posited in the Sub-Treasury until June 30,
as shown by' Dimmick's books in his own
handwriting.
R. M. Anthony, real estate dealer and
money lender, was asked by Bert Schles
ingor of special counsel for the Govern
ment whether he had not loaned money
to Dimmick April 28, 1900. The question
being objected to, Schlesinger explained
that he wished to show that Anthony
called upon Dimmick on that date and
loaned him S400 on Dimmick's note at a
big commission. The answer was ruled
out by the court.
This closed -the . case for . the Govern
ment. Benjamin J. Smith, K. C. Craft,
ex-Senator John J." Boyce of Santa Bar
bara, E. A. Google and Albert R. Knoll
testified that Dimmick's reputation for
truth, honesty and integrity was good.
Schlesinger asked the witnesses
whether they had heard cf certain alleged
dishonest transactions of the defendant
with the Tallant Banking Company, the
Cutter-Tower Company of Boston and
James S. Kirk of Portland, Or., and the
witnesses replied that they had read
something in the newspapers touching
upon those matters.
An adjournment was had until 10 a. m.
ro-tlay. t
In answer to a question by George D.
Collins, attorney for Dimmick," the wit
ness said that he was unable to state
whether the $19S 37 paid in by Dimmick
was or was not the identical money re
ceived by him three weeks before.
Superintendent Leach, on the Stand.
Frank Leach, Superintendent of the
Mint, related a conversation he had had
with Dimmick February 5 of this year
concerning the transaction spoken of by
Cashier Cole. The witness on that occa
sion asked the defendant how he could
justify the use of the voucher for ?498 37.
and Dimmick replied, "Mr. Leach, 1 don't
think there was anything improper In my
use of that voucher; it was not for my
own benefit, but it was for the accommo
dation of the Government. You know
that on the last &ny of the quarter I am
required to deposit all money with the
United States Sub-Treasury. That quar
ter ended on a Saturday. It was a short
and very busy day and I sold some blue
stone. I hadn't time to go down and col
lect the money for it, and seeing this
voucher I took it Into the cashier's office
and used the proceeds to make good this
deposit that 1 was expected to make at
the Sub-Treasury on that day." Dim
mick added that he had intended to take
up the voucher on the following Monday,
but was taken sick on that day and was
not able to get out of bed until some time
thereafter.
The witness then said to Dimmick: "It
is possible that you have no criminal In
tent, but from a moral standpoint your
act was wrong. It Is apparent that a man
with your peculiar ideas of morality can
not stay here any longer. I will give you
time to look for another place — two or
three months, or longer if necessary. Your
relations with the Mint must cease."
Delay in Depositing Money.
Cashier W. K. Cole of the Mint was the
star witness yesterday in the Dimmick
trial In the United States District Court.
He told about Dimmick having drawn
from him April 7, 1900, $498 37 for the de
clared purpose of paying a bill to the
Selby Lead and Smelting Works, and that
on the 30th of the same month Dimmick
left a sick bed, came to the Mint on
crutches and iupaid the amount. The wit
ness admitted that at the time he consid
ered the transaction irregular, but that he
did not notify Superintendent Leach of
fhe matter until February of this year.
The witness admitted also that he did not
maKe any entry in the books of the Mint
regarding the transaction, and that he
carried bills amounting to $1348 50 as cash
from day to day until Dimmick made the
settlement April 30. He added that if the
money had not been returned April 30 the
transaction would have been revealed by
the" books.
Frank Leach • Narrates . a
Confidential Talk Had
With Defendant.
The Dora lost her propeller when off
Golofnin Bay and had to put back to St.
Michael under sail. At the latter place a
new propeller was welded on. but as the
job was not a perfect one the vessel did
not make extra speed coming to San
Francisco.
The crew of the Acapulco saw a lot of
Nicaraguan troops being landed in Colom
bia, ar.d the supposition was that they
were going to he.p the insurgents. Rains
were very heavy on the coast, particu
larly at San Jose do Guatemala.
The Dora made iho run from St.
Michael in 19 days, via Unalaska It days,
in spite of a damaged propeller. She
brought down fifty-two cabin passengers
and twenty-three Chinese. All the parr-'en
gers were employes of the company on
the Yukon, coming home for the winter.
Thev pay the prospects are good at Daw
son'and. in fact, at all points on the
river. Nome is crowded, however, and
many people w5H starve there this winter
if helo is not s< a nt in the shape of a relief
ship. "
The Dora left the United States ships
Manning and MeArthur at I'r.alaska Sep
tember 24 and the transport Seward at
St. Michael September 19. The steamship
Portland left Unalaska September 24 and
the St. Paul two days later for Nome.
They should get back here about the end
of the menth.
Besides these she brought up three
steerage passengers and twelve Chinese
in transit.
The Pacific Mail Company's Acapulco
arrived from Panama and way ports and
the Dora from St. Michael via Unalaska
yesterday. The Panama boat brought S23
packages of mercnandise. of w»ich 103
wore coffee and 95 treasure, valued at $91,
.370, and the following cabin passengers:
Philippe Petit, John E. Quirk, Domingo Lar
rauri. Turner H. .Sheibley, D. Sllva." J. J. Wc-
Manus, Balastar and Fausto nstuplnian.
Former From Panama and Way
Ports, Other From Gold Fields.
ACAPUXCO AND DOHA ARRIVE
b!ers. Owing to the fog and light
winds, however, it was sundown before
she made port, as her captain would not
acct-pt a tow. The Anjou was 167 days
cut from Xev.castle-on-Tyne with a load
of coal, and the underwriters were paying
15 per cent to reinsure their chances. The
vessel was not really overdue, but the
fate of the c.'romartyshlre scared the in
surance people and tney offered premiums
on every vessel loaded with Tyne coal
that was making a long voyage.
The Cromartysnire left Newcastle, hng
land. with a carg-o of coal and it caught
fire. The crew had 'to abandon her and
the vessel became a total loss. On the
Principality, now out 15S days from New
catle-on-Tyne for San Francisco, 10 per
cent is being paid, while on the Glenbreck,
out 145 days from the same port for Val
paraiso, 75 per cent Is offered.
The Anjou is a new steel bark, built by
A. Dubigreon at Nantes for Kaoul Guillen.
She is 1572 tons net burden, 2G3 feet 2
inches long, 39 feet beam and 22 feet 5
inches deep. She has been a long time
without docking, and that fact in a meas
ure accounts for her long passage.
THE overdue French bark Anjou
• put in an appearance off the
Heads yesterday morning, much
to the joy of the marina gam-
Tells How Dimmick
Drew Money and
Paid It Back.
Vessel Not Really Overdue, but the Underwriters Being Afraid of
Her Coal Cargo, Pay High to -Get Rid of Their. Risks— Crew
of the Acapulco See Nicaraguan Troops Landing in Colombia
CASHIER COLE
ON THE STAND
REINSURED FRENCH BARK ANJOU
ARRIVES OFF THE GOLDEN GATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1901.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
OLVh bat r r*A \u25ba
Belasco & Thall Managers.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
Wm. Gillette's Comedy.
Too Much Johnson.
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY.
EOUKD TO MAKE YOtT LAUGH-
NEXT WEEK— "THE GIRL IN THE BAR-
RACKS." . .
Seats on sal* ( day» In advance.
TH1? WEEK-MAtV\E£ SATURDAY.
HERRMANN
THE GREAT.
Introducing a World of Novelties.
Accompanied by • 1
McWattefa and 'i'ytfon and Company.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
MASON AND MASON,
In Geo. H. Broadhurst's Newest Musical
Comedy Success, ,
•'RUDOLPH and ADOLPH"
SEATS READY. • , :
PRETTY GIRLS. NEW MUSIC. CATCHT
PONGS. \u25a0 > \u25a0>. .
UP TO THE MINUTE. •. -'
vULUItyiDlA lapHBinara
NOW PORTHR BEST
*^" " YOU CAN ttf.CVJFtn.
SEATS FOR THE REMAINING 13 PER-
FOIUlANCES OF | . ( .
NOTHING IX THE LAND IS BRIGHTER
OR WITTIER!
NOTHING THERE IS THAT CAN COMPARS
WITH THIS.' * 1
GREATEST £$g$ HITS!
Every Night in the Wee'k. Including Sundays.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Week— FINAL NIGHTS.
ALHAMBRA.
THE MUSICAL EVENT. ' .
EIGHT NIGHTS. Commencing- NEXT SUN-
DAY EVENING. October 13.
Matinees Tuesday, Wednesday. Thursday.
Friday and Saturday. : :
Messrs. Ellinghouse and Oppenbelmer asnouaa*
the appearance of , ~ : .
MR. CHANNING ELLERT'S
ROYML
ITALIAN BAND.
10 ARTISTS 50
SIG. GIUSEPPE CREATORS. Director.
Assisted by •
MME. JOANNA B A RILI. Soprano.
MISS IDA B. HEINTZKN, Harpist-
PRICES— SOc. 75c. »t. $1 10.
Seats now ready. » a. m., Sherman. Clay A
Co.'s Music Store. Alhambra Theater Box Ot-
flce, 8unday. October 13. •
FIQrWFR'C! CONCERT HOUSE.
Silvia Peurari. Vai Vousden. Volkyra, Sid-
ney Smith. Robel Slmms. 8am Holdsworth.
Watson. Davenport and Hamilton; Bartelmesa
and Hinrichs* Orchestra.
Besenred Seats. ZSc ; Matinee Sunday. .. .
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
. Open daily from ? t. m. to 11 p. a
Batbinr from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
Admission 10c. Children. 5c.
Bathing including admission. 25c Children. »g.
| PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters ol
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan. ' •-... .'. ' \u25a0
I GRAND HOTEL;
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
FAREWELL. NIGHTS OF
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In Shakespeare's Greatest Tragedy,
"HAMLET."
POPULAR PRICES-lOc. 15c. 25c, 60c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees 25c.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
Next Week— "THE LITTLE MINISTER."
Herschel Mayall 'as Gavin Dlshart, the Little
Minister.
Reappearance arter an illness of several weeks
of Laura Nelson Hall as Lady Babble.
New Vaudeville Brilliants !
Sisters O'Meers, Mitchell and Bar-
nard, Joe, Buster and Myra Keatou,
Wilfred Clarke and Co. and tho
Biograph. Last times of Bslle
Thome, Boyce and Wilson, Madge
Fox .and the Svengalis.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, £0c.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
To-night. Sunday. Night and Saturday Matinee.
NABUCeO
FRIDAY. SATURDAY,
The MASKED BALL
MONDAY. October 14 "VERDI NIGHT*
Next Week— "Emani" and "Cavallerla" and
"I Pasllaccl." . '\u25a0•,.
POPULAR PRICES 25c, SOc and 75c
Telephone Bush 9. •
BEia&CO AmnTHALCBjuji^
DECIDED HIT— Every Evenlnz ThU Week.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
BEACON W*°
- • Stlrringr
t
nnrppc Evenings. ..;..:. ...10c, IB*. 23c. 35c. 50e
Iillwr3 Matinees : 10c. 15c. 25c
NEXT WEEK— "WIFE FOR WIFE."
CHUTES_AND ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bill!
i SPECIAL TO-NIGHT !
HARRY HARMON,
In His SENSATIONAL HIGH DIVE.
AI-SO
THE AMATEURS
0 . — AND
A LADIES' TUG-OF-WAB.
j Telephone for Seats— Park 23. />_'•-''-
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. OAKLAND.
To=day, Friday and Saturday at 3 P.M.
SUNDAY......::.... AT 2:30 P. M.
.RECREATION T*ARK,
> Eighth and Harrison streets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rheumatic pains are the cries of protest
and distress from tortured muscles, aching
joints and excited nerves. The blood has
been poisoned by the accumulation of
waste matter in the system, and can no
longer supply the pure and health sustain-
ing food they require. The whole system
feels the effect of this acid poison ; and
not until the blood has been purified and
brought back to a healthy condition will
the aches and pains cease. .
Mrs. James Kcll, of 707 Ninlli street, XT. C,
Washington, t). C, writes as follows: "A few
months ago I had an attack of Gcialic r»heumc-
tism in its worst form. The
pain was so intense that I j
became completely prcs- ~jG®k±-
trated. The attack was an j^CTfaBk
unusually severe one, and f
ray condition was regard- . % gycx^ES
cd as being very danger- W \>* E$^ '
ous. I was attended by ,\ UA *||^
one of the most able doc- >v SB?
tors in Washington, who is ££ffJaSaggaBJa3yT
also a member of the fac- g^f^ g r|wiTmBffflni
nlty of a leading medical *i^fe^^wM:3eSi</
college here. He told me «fflBBMHmBW
to continue his prescrip- .... , •--.,,'
tions and I would get well. After having it filled
twelve times without receiving the slightest
benefit, I declined to continue his treatment any
longer. Having heard of S. S. S.(Swift's Specific)
recommended for Rheumatism, I decided, almost 1
i in despair however, to give the medicine a trial, j
and alter I had taken a few bottles I was able to i
1 hobble around on crutches, and very soon there-
, after had no use for them at all, S. S. S. having
I cured me sound aud well. All the distressing
! pains have left xne.'iry appetite has returned,
'. and I am. happy to be agaiu restored to perfect
health. : ,«
SigflBs. /J§^h the great vegetable
t * ic ideal remedy in all
minerals in it to disturb the digestion and
lead to ruinous habits. , .
I We have prepared a special book on
• Rheumatism which every sufferer from
this painful disease should read. It is the
most complete and interesting book of"
the kind in existence. It will be sent free
to any one desiring it. Write our physi-
cians fully and freely about your case. W«
make no charge for medical advice. ' j
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA. ' '
PAINE'S CE3LEBY COMPOUND.
abIesTdogtors'
in america
Declare There Is a Sure
Cure for Nervous
Ailments.
Use of Paine's Celery Is
Openly Advised.
Wonderful Beeults Recently Effected
by Compound.
BUFFALO. Oct. S. ISOl.-An evening pa-
per publishes a symposium of physicians'
opinions regarding the efficacy of various
remedies for the cure' of nervous prostra-
tion and attendant Ills. Each physician
•was asked to express his opinion, first,
whether those -Mseases were curable when
once they had gained a hold upon the pa-
tient. and. second, whether the same rem-
edy would be beneficial in all cases.
Without exception the physicians inter-
viewed declare J that nervous prostration,
when not too far advanced. Insomnia, i
rheumatism, indigestion, resulting as It
most frequently does from deranged
r.prves. dizzy headaches and most livtr
and kidney complaints were absolutely
curable.
Cut the answer to the second question
vas most remarkable, because with two
exceptions all the doctors mentioned by
name Fainc's celery compound, a well-
known remedy, manufactured by \Vell3 &
Kichardson Co. of Burlington, Vt., and
first discovered by the eminent Dr. Ed-
ward Pholps seme years ago, after a
thorough Investigation and the accumula-
tion cf a pi eat deal of data, both here
and In Gei many.
It is probably the one instance, says the
rewspnpor, wliere a prepared remedy has
been openly indorsed by physicians of
such standing. It seems that the formula
of the compound has always been fur-
nished to physicians in regular standing,
and that tlic remedy is generally
prescribed by up-to-date practitioners,
both here and in England and Germany,
where it is quite as well known as in this
country.
Many wonderful cures by the use of this
famous compound are cited, one of them
the well-known case of Commodore
Howell of Washington.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
CF .THE
Commercial Union
ASSURANCE COMPANY
LIMITED
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 315=T
day of IV«inber. A. D. 1930. and for the
year endinc on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commtesloner cf the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and €11 of the Political Code, condensed as per
Hank furnished by th» Commissioner.
AESETS.
Real Estate owned by Company JSSS.148 69
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 230,000 00
Cash Marltet Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1.ES2.333 75
Cash in Company's office 10 GCa S6
Ca*h in Banks IS3.316 21
IntPreFt due end accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 17,308 30
Interest, due and accrued on Bonds
and !Iortfrag»8 4 010 41
Premiums In due Course of Coilec-
t'°n 493,653 26
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Klsks 6.293 79
TJ«"n:« due and accrued £,0j5-»j
Due from otlier Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid 4.1S2 15
Due from Palatine Insurance Com-
|>ar:-. sin^e paid 14S.2C6 S3
Total Assets 5J, SSI, 770 52
LIABILITIES!.
I^osses adjusted and unpaid $143,110 00
1/osses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 136.329 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 49,500 CO
Grr^s prcr.ilurrs 011 Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. J1.91S.1C3 2S;
reinsurance i0 per cent 959.351 69
Gross nremiums on Fire Risks run-
r.lnp more than one year. $1,93S,-
220C3: reinsurance pro rata 8S0.511 07
Cross piemir.ms on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, JS4.131 S3;
reinsurance |M per cent 34,131, 93
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. tST.193 17; reinsurance 50 per
cent jg 595 jo
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on pprpetusl Fire Insurance policies S7 723 34
Ail other liabilities 71.S16 16
Total Liabilities S2.5C3.26S 97
INCOME. ""
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,434,207 OS
Net ca»h actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 139.M3 91
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgaces 11,032 50
Received for interest and dividends
en Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all ether sources 74 CSO 13
Received for Rents 16,753 21'
Total Income t2.T36.C2Z S3
EXPENDITURES. ~™ ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding looses of previous years).. .$1,768,133 11
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including losses of previous years) £5,175 46
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 491,816 07
Paid for Ealarles, Fees, and other
charge* for officers, clerks, etc 145,271 61
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes. 70,126 70
All other payments and expend-
«u*«5 133,405 S7
Total Expenditures .$2,653,952 S2
Loese* Incurred daring the year $1,782,599 00
Risks and Premium*. IFire Risks. I Premiums
I 1 1
Net amount of Risks
•written during the
year J309.974.G37 JS. 226. 627 04
JCet amount of Risks .
expired during the
year 303,424,536 :,076.163 2>
Net amount in force
December 81. 1900 401.717.678 3.S57.523 41
iflsks and Premiums. JMar. Risks. Premiums.
Net emount of Risks
written during the
year fS2.166.GC8 1220,803 57
Net emount of Risks
expired during the
year 48.522,137 JC2.5S6 34
Net amount In force
December 31, 1900 3.C43.972 67.009 77
A. H. WRAT. Manager.
Subscribed 8 rid eworn to before me, this 21st
day ol February. 1SC1.
KDWIN F. CORET.
Commissioner for California In New Toric
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH,
416 CALIFORNIA ST., S. F.
C. F. MULLINS. .Manager
B0 nilVNOCURE,NOPAY
ft ||H I 30 years' experience treating
mll:J, l mV,.i DISEASES OF MEN
CaU or Write. Boom 4, Ko. 36H Kearnf St-. S. P.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
gr«-at Mexican remedy; sives health and
strength to eexual organs. Depot. 223 Market.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
THE PROBLEM.
|Z3||OROTHY in the nursery can calculate the
jpPW p r icc of Ivory Soap per cake, but it woul&
gfgifili ta^ e a mathematical genius to calculate its
IlilLJtrue value. For he must 'take account of
time, labor, and materials. He must deduct from the
apparent cost the saving in the longer life of the cake,
in the longer life of the washed fabric, in the labor
required, in the time consumed, in the strength ex-
pended, in the results obtained. When all is finished,
Ivory is the cheapest soap in the world. It floats,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| Uniform \ f
| Inimitable I
£ Unique I
<*> • <$>
i n^ 161 " 125 American i
| Baltimore |s Gentleman's f
X CHRISTY * WISE COMMIRSIOX CO.. Inc. X
X 22J-225CaliforniaSt..Sa.n Francisco, Cal. x.
"*' • Telephone Main £T3. <J>
Iforld Famous Marian! Tonic
His a remarkable effect." in
strengthening the voice and main-
taining its tone. It is largely .em-
ployed by clergymen, lawyers,
teacher*, singers and actors. /
All Druggists. , Refuse Substitutes.The star performer of the day was
Meade Hamilton, fullback for Lowell. He
did the kicking for his team and showed
he was ' a splendid judge of distance. In
the first goal he kicked the ball was
placed but slightly to the right of the
goal posts. For the second goal the ball
was near the side line on the left of the
field. It went as straight and as true as
a rifle ball between the goal posts.
His field goal, the second he has kicked
this season, was an effort worthy a col
lege team player. The ball was on the
35-yard line, and, although the players on
the opposing team rushed In on him, he
remained perfectly cool and kicked as
though it were for practice. The ball
sailed ©ut over the heads of the confused
mass of players .and sailed gracefully be
tween the posts on the eastern end of the
field.
"T defeated the St. Matthew's School
team yesterday on the Sixteenth and Fol
som street grounds by a score of 19 to 0.
The Lowell team made two touchdowns
and were subsequently successful in the
tries at goal. In addition to this they
scored two points on a "safety" and five
more on a field goal.
THE football eleven representing
Lowell High School In the series
*of games for the championship
of the Academic Athletic League
Trotting Races Postponed.
LEXINGTON. Ky., Oct. 9.— The trotting
races were postponed until to-morrow on.
actount of rain.
' Ex-Speaker Reed reads Italian almo8t
as readily as English.
The officials were: Referee and umpire,
Crawford and Harper alternating; lines
men. L. S. Clayburgh and I. J. Muma;
timers, Robert Craig and W. B. Thomas.
the game. The ball was on St. Matthew's
two-yard line. \u25a0 St; ' Matthew's kicked It
and a Lowell player blocked. The ball
rolled behind the goal line, a St.
Matthew's man falling on It.
When time was finally called Lowell had
the ball in the center of the field. The
teams lined up as follows:
Lowell. Position. St. Matthew's.
Herrln L. E. R Miller
Keegan L. T. R Thompson
Bartel L. G. R Dooman
or Chase.
Edwards Center Rice
McKinne R. G. L Plnkerton
Kldd - R. T. L Samuels
Baldwin R. E. L Brewer
Falk Quarter.. Slmmonds (Capt.)
Middleton L. H. B. R Smith
Vosburg (Capt.)....R. H. B. L '.Hoppin
or Montgomery.
Hamilton Full Howard
- NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— The Woman's Na
tional Tournament on the links of the
Baltusrol Golf Club at Short Hills, N. J..
was continued to-day. Now that the field
of over eighty players has been reduced
to four pairs. Miss Margaret' Curtis of
Manchester. Mass., and Mrs. E. A. Manice
of Lenox, Mass., are looked upon as the
most likely players to last out the week
and meet in. the final round. The results
of to-day's play are:
Miss Margaret Curtis beat Miss Pauline
Mackey by 2 up; - Miss B. Anthony beat Miss
M L. Oliver by 6 up and four to play; Mrs. N.
P. Rogers beat Miss H. S. Curtis one up; Miss
Lucy Herron beat Miss E. A. Lockwood by
one up (20 holes); Mrs. E. A. Manlca beat Miss
L. A. Wells by 6 up and five to play; Miss Mol
lle Adams beat Miss F. K. McLane by 3 up
and two to play; Miss G. M. Bishop beat Miss
Farrington by 4 up and three to play; Miss G.
Hecker beat Miss Fargo by i up and two to
play. ...
EIGHT WOMEN" GOIjFEBS
IN THE TOURNAMENT
Eighty-dog stake— Q. Shannon's The Doctor
va E. Geary's Minnie Sankey: O. Zohl's O'Hara.
vs C O. Peterson's Lady Nellie: Star Kennels
Pickpocket vs. J. R. McCarthy's John Doe; T.
Mailer's Lord Goff vs. A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad;
J. Cane's Greenhall vs. C. O. Peterson's Hap
hazard- Pasha Kennels* t3old Nugget vs. O.
N«thercotfs Hickory Dick; P. 31. Clarkson's
Prompto vs. G. Sharman's Chicago Boy; E.
Neave's Wedding Bells vs. P. M. Clarkson'a
MJas Brummel; H. Lynch's A. J. Martin vs. O.
Zahl's Miss Wilson: Sterl & Knowles* Olita vs.
F Kirlln's Mike Wright; E. Neave's Spiteful
vs. Sterl & Knowles" Ripple; J. Martenet's Slim
vs. G. Sharman's Warship; E. Geary's Bonnie
Pasha vs. A. R. Curtis' Bed of Roses; Pasha
Kennels' Flyaway vs. W. C. Glasson's Sleigh
Bells; Pasha Kennels* Rude Awakening vs.
Star Kennels' Fontenoy; M. B. Kavanagh's My
Bonnie King vs. A. R. Curtis' War Eagle; G.
Sharman's Hot Haste vs. A. R. Curtis' Fly-by-
Night; A. R. Curtis' Lord Beaconsfleld vs. J.
M. Hal ton's May Hempstead; A. L. Ender
son's Royal Joker vs. Pasha Kennels' Royal
Anne; A. Vanderwhlte's Flora McDonald vs. P.
M. Clarkson's Sofala; T. Maher"s Bad Boy vs.
M. B. Parkinson's Ben Lomond; Chiarini Bros.*
Lucky Baldwin vs. L. S. Barre's Amedee; T.
J. Cronln's Klllarney vs. A. R. Curtis' Vulcan;
A. Vanderwhite's Lear Ktng vs. E. Geary's
America: G. Nethercott's Red Rock vs. Chiarini
Bros.* Santonin; Yosemite Kennels" Mose vs.
F. Jonos Dorothy Belle; G. Sharman's Gold
Bug vs. E. Reddy's Full Moon; E. Geary'»
Ruby Sankey vs. D. Toland's Pleasant Girl;
A. L. Enderson's James Lick vs. M. NeaJon'a
Aeneas; A. R. Curtis' Kibosh vs. A. L. Ender
son's Alaree; G. Nethercott's Freda C vs. G.
Sharman's Little Sister; Pasha Kennels' Risky
Attempt vs. FT. Neave's Daisy Clalr; G. Shar
man's Firm Fellow vs. M. Nealon's Agamem
non; W. C. Glasson's Master Workman vs. I*.
F. Bartels* Best Bargain; Pasha Kennels" Rich
Argosy vs. A. R. Curtis' King Cotton; D. Sll
va's Master Rocket vs. F. Jones' Harlean
Gladys: J. Carroll's Master Clair vs. G. Nether
cott's Floodgate; F. S. Price's Brutus vs. M.
Nealon's Achilles: W. J. Leonard's Tom Hur
llck vs. Pasha Kennels' Rustic Arbor: Pa&ba
Kennels' Roman Athlete vs. E. Geary's Fanni«
Husbie.
Well Matched Greyhotuids Entered
for the Competition to Be Held
Saturday and Sunday.
•An eighty-dog open stake is the offer
ing of Union Coursing Park this week to
the followers of the game. One round will
bo decided on Saturday, leaving forty
greyhounds in the running on Sunday. In
the draw last night the dogs were paired
off as follows:
EIGETY-DOG STAKE AT
UNION COUBSHJG PABK
100-yard dash: First heat-TVilcox . O. H. S^.
Shields, O. P. H. S-; Grfflen O P. H. S.. Ha
ler. L. H. S. ; Foster. P. H. S. ; Lang . C. S. M.
A. Second heat-Hasans, U. H. S.: Nelson.
B. H. S.; Slebcnhaur, L. H. S.\ Turner. L. H.
S.: Baldwin, O. H. S.; Gray, O, H. s 
20©-yard dash— Wilcox. O. H. S.: Slebenhaur.
H. S.; Griffen. O. P. H. S.
440-yard dash-Mors«, L. H. S.; Haiell. _L.
H. S.: Boettlger. B. H. S.; Luoe. H. H. o..
\u25a0Wyckoff. U. H. S.; Tozer. M. H. S.; Sheean.
O.-H. S.; Olson. P, H. S. \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 '
80-yard flash— Hazell. L. H. S.: Gibson. L.
H. i.\ Monson. B. H. S.; Henley, U. H. S.:
Taylor, C. S. M. A.: Laumetster. M. H. S.;
Norton. O. H. S.; Coyne, O. H. S.; Foster. P.
Mile run— Cog&ina. P. H. S.: Lundy. O. H.
S.; Backus. O. H. S.; Weller, U. H. S.; Luce.
H. H. S.; Laumeister, M. H. S.; Gibson. L. H.
S.: MacNicholl. C. S. M. A.
Relay race, one mile— Berkeley High School.
Onkland High School and Ukiah High School.
Pole vault— Kocher, S. J. H. S.; Shlpman. O.
P H. S.; Burpee. O. H. S.; Lundy. O. H. S.;
Seawell, U. H. 8.; Cox, U. H. S.; Patton. h.
H. S.: Adams. C. S. H. S.
Hish Jump— Gray. O. P. II. S. ; ShSpman. p.
P. H. S.; Hinds, O. H. S.; Girvin. B. H. S.;
Seawell. U. H. S.; Thomas, U H. S.; Patton,
U. H. S.; Macerstadt, C. S. M. A.; Monson,
B H S
Broad 5ump— Baldwin. O. H. S.: Wllcox, O.
H. S.; Chaplin, B. H. B.: Broad, L. H. S.:
Magerstadt, C. S. M. A.: Griffen, O. P. H. S ;
Hagrans U H. S.; Hoffman, L. H. S.; Brock.
U. H. S.
Shot-put, twelve pounds— Jones. I* H. S.:
Brlggs, U. H. S.: Bonpifleld. P. H. S.I Wil
liams. O. H. S.; Hinds. O. H. S.
12-pound hammer throw— Hinds, O. H. S.;
"Williams, O. H. S. : Weller, U. H. S.; Sanborn,
S. R. H. S. ; Briggs, U. H. S. ; Jones, L. H. S.;
Bonnineld. P. H. S.
220-hurdle: First heat— Weller. U. H. B.; San
born, S. R. H. S. Second heat— Boettiger. B.
H. S.: Burp'ee. O. H. S.; Finne. B. H. S.
120-hurdle: First heat— Chaplin. B. H. S.;
Patton, U. H. S. Second heat— Weller, U. H.
S. ; Burpee, O. H. S. : Thomas, U. H. S.
On Saturday afternoon the young ath
letes representing the various h »sn
schools, members of the Academic Ath
letic League, will meet In friendly rivalry
on the new California Jockey Club track.
Oakland. Ukiah High School will send a
strong team and is expected to carrj off
the championship banner. The complce
list of entries follows:
SPOKANE. Oct. 9.— While her husband
labored In a warehouse fifty feet aw-iy,
Mrs. Andrew Stevens boarded a train In
Palouse for Spokane. With her wa3 J. P.
Preston, who had boarded, with the Stev
enses for two years. Mrs. Stevens' two
sons, aged 10 and 12, completed the elop-
When Stevens returned to his home he
found everything topsy turvy. Moat of
his wife's effects were missing, as were
also several pictures and keepsakes. Ttie
room was littered with household goods
and clothing which the woman has dis
carded. An insurance policy on Mrs. Stev
ens'"life, in favor of her husband, was ly
ing on the table. This was her only fare
well message. •;'.;,\u25a0£ ,
Mrs. Stevens is 40 years old. Her lover
Is 65. The woman left a comfortable homo
and a kind, Indulgent husband, whose
every effort, so neighbors say, has been
to make his wife happy. Stevens had no
suspicion that his wife and Preston were
lovers. Preston is said to have alienated
the wife's affections by representing hiai
self as wealthy. He bought a little prop
erty near Palouse, which. It Is presumed,
Stevens says he will make no effort to
bring his wife back, but will use every
means to get possession of his sons. H|
regards the elopement philosophically and
went to work this afternoon as usual.
Beyond the fact that the eloping party
took the northbound train nothing U
known of its movements.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ukiah Team Is Expected to
Win Championship
Banner.
Husband Toils Only Fifty Feet
Away While the Party
Boards Train.
High School Boys Will
Meet at Oakland
Saturday.
Boarder Breaks Up the
Home of a Palouse
Citizen.
YOUNG ATHLETES
IN COMPETITION
SONS ACCOMPANY
ELOPING MOTHER
The first goal was scored by Lowell
after ten minutes' play. Lowell kicked
off for fifty yards, St. Matthew's running
the ball back twenty yards. St. Matthew's
gained five yards by bucking and then
kicked on the third down with four yards
to gain. Lowell then took the ball and
made steady progress. Captain Vosburg
showed to advantage here, gaining ten
yards on an end run. There were regular
gains until the ball was a yard and a half
from goal. Hamilton had the ball and
plunged through left tackle for the neces-
sary gain. He then kicked the goal.
In three minutes more Lowell scored
another touchdown, Hamilton repeating
his former success kicking the goal. A
splendid tackle by Baldwin marked the
end of the first half, with the ball on
Lowell's 25-yard line.
In the second half St. Matthew's play
improved slightly, but It was far from
being fast. There were several exchanges
of kicks, in one of which St. Matthew's
gained fifteen yards.
The "safety" occurred near the end of
SOME OF THE FUNNY IMPRESSIONS GLEANED BY A CALX. CAR
TOONIST AT THE FOOTBALL. GAME BETWEEN THE LOWELL HIGH
SCHOOL. AND ST. MATTHEWS' TEAMS.
Some years ago Banskl left the German
army without the usual formalities. . He
came to America, learned the barber
trade and has worked in Spokane for .four
yearn. He has frequently been heard to
say that his father wu.3 a wealthy land
owner in Germany and might leave him
something: when' he died.
To-day a mecsage came from the young
man's uncle. It. E. Banski of Oakland,
Oal. The message came to the police, who
were asked for information as to Bantkl.
Banskl replied and upon receiving a sec
ond message from the Oakland ship
owaer left at once for that city to prove
his Identity.
Toung Banskl has no idea, of the eize
of his share of the fortune, but says his
father's estate was easily worth J2,000,000.
He left the army In disgrace. ...
SPOKANE, Oct. 9.— When R. E. Ban ski
\u25a0walked down to his work in the Jamieson
biock barber shop this morning he was
jtut an ordinary barher. When he quit
suddenly at 4 o'clock in the afternoon he
was heir to an estate in Germany and
ready to leave for the old country- •
Will Put Aside His Razor and Shears
to Take Up a Bich Man's '
Duties.
SPOKA1TE BA3BEE HEIR
t ' TO ESTATE IN GEBMANT
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards, selllnp—
Sue Johnson won. Wallabout second. Orlandlno
third. Time. 1:50.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs.' purse
—Mediterranean won. Huntressa second.
Elhylenc third. Time. 1:1014.
Fifth race, sir furlongs, purse — Fltzkanet
won. Tom Collins second, Drulare third. T'me.
13«i.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 3. —Fair Grounds summar
ies: - *
First race, five furlongs, selling— Horseshoe
Tobacco woo. Saltna second, Waban third.
Time. I:1IU.
Seoond race, six and a half furlonn, purse —
A. D. Gibson won, HI Le« second, Oudenarde
third. Time. 1:25.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth, purse—Sid
dons won. Miss Theresa second, Rochester
third. Time. 1:64. . .
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth— Canova
•won. Bcnaie Llssak second. W. B. Gates third.
Time. 1:52 3-5.
Third race. steeplechase, short course —
Queensbip won. Dick Ftirber second. Lord
Chesterfield third. Captain Conover rourth.
Time. 2:24 4-5. Queenshlp disqualified for
fouling.
Fourth race, mile and three-sixteenths.
Twentieth Century Stakes, purse $6000 — George
Arnold won. Six Shooter second, Haviland
third. Time, l:0C.
Fifth race, one mile— Charlie O'Brien won.
Hi Noker second. Goal Runner third. Time.
1:« 2C . .
Second race, five furlongs — Herodide won,
McChcsney second. I. Samuelson third. Time.
1:04 1-5.
CHICAGO. Oct. 9.— Results at Harlem:
First race, five and a half furlongs— If You
Pare won. Educate second. Perry Hernanden
third. Time. 1:11. . .
George Arnold Wins Rich Stake.
KEW YORK. Oct. 9.— Morris Park sum
maries:
First race, the Autumn Hurdle Handicap,
two ir.iles — Charawlnd won. The Driver ,sec
<.nd. Captain January third. Time, 3:44.
Second race, five furlocRS— Belie of Lexing
ton won, Cftrvera second. Ante Up third
Tirw. :M>».
Third race, the Hurricane stakes, five fur
longs, selling — Femsole won, Ijscben second,
Presumption third. Time, :69. •
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs—Chil
ton won. I>e Reszke second, Brunswick: thirtf.
Time, 1:20-4-
Fifth race, one mile — Lord Pepper won. Elgy
second. Lamp O'Lee third. Time, 1:42.
Sixth race, one mile, scKIng— Alfred \u25a0 Vax
erave won. Rowdy second. Wild Pirate third.
Time. 1:41.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 9.— Joe Bernstein
and Billy de Coursey fought a twenty
round draw to-night in the pavilion. They
mixed It from start to finish and at times
the infighting resembled a rough-and
tumble affair. De Coursey was a little
the fresher at the finish, but Bernstein
did a trifle more damage. Kid Solomon
knocked out Pino Smith. Billy Woods
lost a decision to Kid Riley after five
rounds.
Bernstein and Be Coursey Draw.
Charles Thurston, the hard hitting wel
ter-weight boxer, will leave for Chicago
this week. He expects to secure a num
ber of engagements in six-round bouts.
Harry Stover, with his stake horse
Kenilworth and some other good ones,
arrived from Chicago yesterday. Walter
Adams, the California boy who did most
of his riding, returned with him. He had
the highest percentage of wins to his
credit of any rider on the Canadian cir
ca Jt.« . •
Sports Jottings.
STANDING OF THE" CLUBS.
Clubs— Won. Lost. Per Ct.
Ear. Francisco 75 53 .586
Los Angeles €2 5S .52!>
Sacramento 66 64 .467
Oakland 52 72 .419
ilanagor Morley still clings to the hope
that the Los Angeles aggregation will
overtake the locals. This week his team
will so against the champions on the
Sacramento grounds and the Oakland and
San Francisco teams will furnish the at
traction at Recreation Park. This is to be
the line-up to-day:
Oakland. Positions. San Francisco.
Lohman Catcher Wilson
Schmidt or Pitcher Iburg
Hudson
Strcib First base Pabst
Mohltr Second base Kxug
Babbitt Third base Rellly
Egan Shortstop Shea
l>unlcavy Left field Hildebrand
Croll Center field Nordyke
Moskiman RIgrht field Schwartz
Iburg: Will Be Opposed in the Box
by Either Hudson or
Schmidt.
TiWTKG'S MEN" WILL MEET
THE LEADERS THIS WEEK
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Qct. 9.—
The Stanford freshmen defeated the
Berkeley High School football team by
the score of 21 to 6 In a hard fought game
thle afternoon. The feature of the same
was an end run of forty yards to a touch
down by Seftoti, freshman left end. be
hind Dole's interference. Bartell, fresh
! man right half, played the best game on
the field, with Dole, fullback, and Sefton,
left end. close seconds. F.or the Berkeley
High McQuesten, Kern and Plummer
played star ball. Van Sickle was the best
lineman in the freshman aggregation. He
frequently broke through the line- tack
ling the man with the ball. The teams
lined up as follows: . v
Berkeley
Stanford. Positions. High School.
Pel ton L— Knd — R Hanna-Lacey
D. Tarpey L — Tackle — R ..Plummer (capt)
Van Sickle, L— Guard— R Dorn-Merritt
Montaingo Center McCay
Crothers-XIssen. .R — Guard — L Lamb
etillman R — Tackle — L Ferguson
"Wilbur R— End— L McQuesten
Taylor-Trowbridge. .Quarter Sal Jnsky
P. Tarpey ...L— Half— R ...Kerns-Linscott
I Bartell R— Half— L Mayo
Dole Full Patton
Bynames, U. C, referee; Slaker and Horan,
Stanford, umpires: linemen, Roosevelt and Hall.
Stanford Freshmen Victors.
Olympic Club football elevens will meet
this afternoon at 4 o'clock on the college
gridiron. The game is not on the sched
ule. Graduate Manager Decoto has se
cured it as additional practice for the uni
versity sauad. It will not interfere with
the Reliance game which will be playe.d
Saturday. The elevens will line up as fol
lows :
California. Positions. Olympic.
Gendotti or
Morehead Center Bettieon
Overall Rig-Jit ruerd Plunkett
6tow Lert guard Cad walader
Braley or
Hanson Right tackle Clay
Albertson Left tackle New
IVomble Right end Parker
Dibblee or
gtarr Left end Blethen
More or Hudson. .Quarter Smedburg
Vhipple.
McCormack or
Sherman Rigrht balf....Hllborn or Thane
Mini Left half Gammon
Duden or Kelsey. Fullback Cutter or Johns
The following men have been added to
those at the training table squad: More
head, Bush, White. Kelsey. Gustrich, RIs
ley. Williams and Cook.
Will Meet the Olympic Athletic Club
Eleven This Afternoon on the
Campus.
The University of California and the
COLLEGE FOOTBAIX TEAM
TO PLAY A SPECIAL GAME
REDDING. Oct. 9.— While the hog rais
ers of Northern California and Southern
Oregon are fighting the hog plague which
is destroying their droves a fresh epi
demic has made its appearance and
threatens equal ravages among the cattle
and horses. It «~ the much dreaded an
thrax, and already it has shown up in so
many localities that to check it before
great loss is inflicted seems impossible. .
The malignant disease first appeared, In
Klamaih County. Oregon, near the Cali
fornia line. It was treated without knowl
edge of its real character. Last week
horses, as well as cattle, began dying in
numbers in iuat vicinity and a veterinary
surgeon iipestigatcd. He believed the dis
ease anthrax. Pathological specimens
were sent to Professor Pernot. the Gov
ernment bacteriologist at Corvallis, who
developed them and confirmed the veter
inary's suspicions.
Anthrax is now running through Kla
math. lion ton. Marion and to some ex
tent the adjoining counties. It is in; the
Sl.«kiyou mountains and etock raisers of
Siskiyou County are thoroughly alarmed,
us are those of Shasta County. The driv
ing of Southern Oregon cattle to ranges
on this side of the State line will be pro
hibited by extreme measures If necessary.
The fatalities In the Southern Oregon
counties are reported to be far greater
thaxi given out. In fact, the disease has
never existed in that section before in
such widespread and malignant form.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BEKL.IN. Oct. 9.— It is rumored that
Emperor William has instructed the Kiel
Yacht Club to challenge for the America's
cup.
NEW YORK; Oct.' 9.— A Joint meeting of
the committees of the Royal Ulster Yacht
Club and New York Yacht Club was held
to-day at th,e clubhouse and Sir Thomas
Lipton's proposition was submitted 1 by
Vice Commodore Sherman-Crawford. He
said 'that, his committee, on behalf of Sir
Thomas, desired to ask if the New York
Club would withdraw In favor of Sham
rock 11 that paragraph of the deed of the
gift "providing" that "no vessel that has
oeendefeated^in a match for this cup can
be again selected by any club as its rep T
refeentative until after a contest for it
by some other vessel has intervened or
until after the <ycpiration of two years
from the time;6f such defeat." . .
• He also said that in the event of this
request being acceded to, should a chal
lenge for next year be received from any
one elt-e. Sir Thomas would withdraw his
challens-e. • • .
Commodore 'L/edyard sain that the mu
tual agreement clause gives the clubs the
right to make any arrangement satisfac
tory to both as to dates, courses, number
of -trials, rules and sailing regulations
with any or ail othor conditions of the
match, including; waiver of the ten min
utes' notice; 'but the committee of the
New York Yacht Club was of the- opin
ion that the clause gives no power to the
club holding the cup to accept a challenge
which the instrument itself prohibits ab
solutely. The committee did not think It
was "intended, that, after a boat had had
a trial for the cud and been defeated, she
should be allowed to challenge again until
the time specified has elapsed, and so de
clined to accede to the request.
Sir Thomas, when told of the commit
tee')) decision, said he had no comment to
make, nor would he say whether he would
challenge again with a new yacht. The
crew of the Shamrock will return to Eng
land. 11 is said, on the steamer Oceanic,
which ViH sail on the ICth inst.
New York Yacht Club De
clines to Break the
Regulations.
Northern California Growers
Fear It Will Spread
Southward.
Disease Ravaging Herds
Just Across the Ore- ;
gon Line.
Shamrock II Cannot
.Compete Again for
Two Years.
Meade Hamilton, Fullback for Victors, „ Plays a Sensational Part,
Kicking a Field Goal and Showing General Cleverness at Game.
Score Is Nineteen to Nothing When Time Is Finally Called
DREAD ANTHRAX
INVADES RANGES
LIPTON MUST
OBSERVE RULES
LOWELL HIGH SCHOOL TEAM WINS
FROM ST. MATTHEW'S AT FOOTBALL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1901.
8
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
|j|| Wine of Cardui is the best guardian of "a woman's health during every period from youth to old age. At no time In her Iife~can ifll
Ml she afford to be without this simple vegetable medicine, which is now used throughout the civilized world. « The young girl who takes Wm
§|| Wine of Cardui when she is 13 years old, avoids the shocks and distresses of coming womanhood. With the aid of this great emmenagogue ' fl§
||||j she developes into a healthy, beautiful -woman and avoids (the pain so common to her sex. It helps her safely into womanhood* M'f
III As a young wife and mother It sustains her during the trials of the new relation into which she has entered. It has brought the laughter Kl
Illl of happy children to thousands of barren homes. The mother "who uses this pure Wine keeps her health and makes herself a blessino* WM
wjM to her family. Later it gently leads her through the dangerous period known as the change of life. This pure harmless Wine is the best f^ ? *
||||i medicine a woman can take at any trying crisis. It is not a strong medicine, but may be taken every day in the year by any woman
i||| with benefit. It does not force results, but it corrects all derangements of the menstrual organs. It strengthens the nervous system, rS
Illl gives tone to the bodily functions, acts directly on the genital organs, and is the finest tonic for women known to the science of medi* fill
Mm cine. It is Nature's provision for regulating the menstrual function. * Wj&
k$3 ..-'.'. I have used fire bottles of your Wine of Cardui and as many packages of Thed- I have used Wine of Cardui and it has given.me relief. I used to suffer with my fiHi
|>,fi3 ford's Black-Draught and can say I have found great . relief for. my, ailments. I have monthly periods, but now, since we have been using Wine of Cardui I never have a r^i
Hpl greatly recommended it to all my friends. Your medicine is in great demand at the . pain. I am married, and since using your medicine I have had a fine baby girl. r^-1
y||| - neighborhood drug store. Mrs. WILLIAM VOLLMER. Mrs. EMMA. JAMES. JUS
i|| Over 1,000,000 women, besides Mrs. VoIImer and Mrs. James have taken Wine of Cardui, and seldom, if ever, without benefit. 1^1
||il Voa can get the same relief as they secured, if you pursue the same course. Try the Wine of Cardui treatment. -'rail
[&£« P° r Bdvioc and literature, address, siring symptoms, "The Ladies' Advisory Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Teas. p5?J
''\u25a0\u25a0.'. .--\. :- \u25a0\u25a0'W'.v JBft. fflL^MLJ3i§B^r - wyjTlmWM MM^M»J» .^ffiL '
•""-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.- w : -\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 -I - - \u25a0 .-\u25a0\u25a0*\u25a0: V- \u25a0 . - . * \u25a0 \u25a0*--»--\u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0The performance, an attractive combina
tion of mirth and' magic, is crowding the
house "nightly and is successfully enter
taining: the lar^e audiences. The Mc-
Watters and Tyson company introduce
an interesting- variety bill.
What Is probably the biggest comedy
hit of the present season is Broadhurst's
latest farce,< "Rudolph and Adolph," to
be seen for the first time here at the Cali
fornia Theater on Sunday night with the
entire original cast/ Among the well
known members is Lottie Williams Salter,
Nellie Maskel, Beatrice McKenzie, late
prima dcinna of the Castle Square Opera
Company, and Dan and Charles Mason.
; . . ..,.#,. • * •
"Beacon Lights" is pleasing the Central
audiences,' and the well filled houses at
test the stirring melodrama's popularity.
Next ' week - John A. Stevens' favorite
drama of Southern life, "Wife for Wife,"
will be elaborately, produced.
STARS IN THE HISTRIONIC FIRMAMENT "WHOSE ACTING HAS OCCA
SIONED MUCH FAVORABLE COM MENT AND WHO WILL, INTEREST
PATRONS OF THE LOCAL. THEATERS. • -
The amateur entertainment, a ladles'
tug-of-war and -the first appearance of
Harry Harmon, the "world's greatest
high diver," will be the Chute and~_oo
attractions for to-night. -'
Silvia Puerari, Val Vousden, Volkyra.
Sidney Smith, Robel Simms, Sam Holds
worth, Watson, Davenport, Hamilton and
Bartelmese are Fischer's entertainers this
week. Silvia Puerari has made a genuine
hit with her good singing, and ..< Sidney
Smith, a small girl who dances very
prettily, Is another strong favorite. ' . '.
The O'Meers sisters in their cleveivand
startling performance on the tight rope
are easily the stars of the Orpheum's bill
this week. It is the best act of its kind
ever seen here and is highly appreciated
by the audiences. "Wilfred Clarke and
company, in their funny, sketch, "Oscar's
Birthday," continue to amuse, and Bus
ter, the tiny comedian of the Keaton com
bination, lives up to his name as a laugh
maker. Mitchell and Bernard are pleas
ing songsters, and Madge Fo*. t the coon
shouter; Boyce and Wilson, song and
dance artists; Belle Thorne, soprano, and
the blograph complete the good bill.
The advance sale for the concerts of the
Royal Italian band opens at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s this morning at 9 o'clock and
will continue there until Sunday, when,
seats can be secured at the Alhambra box
office. The band will give thirteen con
certs at the Alhambra under the direction
of. Messrs. Elllnghouse and Oppenheimer.
There will be eight evening concerts,
starting Sunday night, and five matinees^ —
on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. Fri
day and Saturday afternoons. Friday
night will be "Creatore night," while for
the closing concert on Sunday, the 20th, a
programme of popular music will be pre
sented, .u ..*..\u25a0
a new comedy in three acts by Curt Kratz
and Heinrich Stebitzer, called "The Girl
in the Barracks," that promises to be a
lively sort of entertainment. It Is in three
acts, with the scenes laid in Paris. \u25a0 Tho
story turns on a young actress' wager to
spend a night in the soldiers' quarters.
i In. order tbi become a -successful hypo
crite a man must work at it every day in
the week. ... .
Julien Benson, a clerk employed in
Rathjen Bros.' grocery, met with a se
rious accident at Lake Tahoe on Tuesday
morning. While hunting on the lake ho
killed a duck and leaned over the side of
the boat to reach it. He was holding on
to the muzzle of the gun, when one of the
triggers caught on a seat and the remain
ing barrel was discharged, the charge en
tering his right shoulder. His compan
ions rowed him ashore apd his wounds
were temporarily dressed. He \u25a0was . sent
on the first- train to the city and instead
of being taken to his' home at 2235 Sutter
street was sent to the Lane Hospital Im
mediately after his arrival.
Load, of Snot in Shoulder.
IJARTTTCS MORTAGE THEIR
SAN HATEO COUNTY HOME
Eibemia Bank Advances Thirty-Five
Thousand Dollars on the
Property.
All society is talking about the Martin
boys. Yesterday they mortgaged their
place in San Mateo County to the Hiber
nia Bank for the sum of $35,000 at 8 per
cent.
Why Peter r.nd Walter Martin should
raise money on their beautiful country
home is a question that is agitating ex
clusive circles. Peter Martin is shortly
to marry Miss Oelrichs, sister of Herman
Oelrichs. and Walter S. Martin only re
cntlv became a benedict. raarrj-Ing Miss
Scott, daughter of Henry T. Scott.
Peter Martin was always supposed to'
be very fond of the place at San Mateo.
He is a member of the Burlingame Club
£nd an enthusiastic polo player. He Is
deemed ore of the best players of this
game in the county. Walter Martin is
also credited with having a great affec
tion for the country home, and for them
to ii'.ace a lien on it brings surprise to the
"Blingum" set.
A friend of the Martins in speaking of
ihr. matter said: "Oh. I don't think that
the Martin boys \u25a0want to give up the
place. . They are just in need of a little
ready money, like anybody else is once
in awhile. They will no doubt pay back
the loan shortly."
alimony.
The divorce proceedings of Mr. and Mrs.
Arthur Ladewig were submitted to Judge
Seawell yesterday. The case has ex
dted considerable interest owing to the
prominence of the young couple and the
bitter fight waged In the courts.
The following divorces were also
granted yesterday: Kmma Newman from
Joseph A. Newman, cruelty; Margaret E.
Monaghan from Joseph I E. Monaghan,
cruelty; Milton M. Miller from Mary E.
Miller, desertion.
The following new suits for divorce were
filed* Floretta Humberg against Albert E.
Humberg, cruelty; Roy M. Cady against
Annie Cady, desertion; Elizabeth Hazel
Sullivan against John Sullivan, desertion;
Josephine Lipsich against J. Lipsich, de
sertion.
Mary Eagan was granted a divorce from
Thomas B. Eagan by Judge Kerrigan yes
terday on the ground of cruelty. Mrs.
Eagan was allowed the custody of the
seven children and Eagan, who is a fore
man in the city's construction depart
ment, was ordered to pay her $G5 a month
Seven Children and Awards
Her Alimony.
Court Grants Mary Eagan Custody of
"Romeo et Juliette." "Faust," "Les Hugue
nots," "Manon," "La Navarraise," "Ham
let." "Carmen," "Aida," "Otello." "I* Tra
viata," "II Trovatore," "Rlsroletto." "Er
nant," "Lucia di lammerraoor," "Don Pas
qnale," "11 Barbiere di Siviglia," "Mcflfto
fele," "Martha," "Cavalleria . Rusticana,"
"Pagliacci," "Xozze di Figaro," "Lohen-
WIFE. SECTTRES DIVORCE
FROM CBTJEI. HUSBAND
Perello de Segurola, the celebrated
basso; will be one of Mr. Grau's singer3
during the coming season at the Grand
Opera-house. The revised repertoire of
the season includes the following operas:
•with Joseph Haworth as the
melancholy Dane. Mr. Haworth has
given, us some fine things since he came
five, weeks ago, but his Hamlet exceeds
them all. It is a distinguished effort,
marked by splendid intelligence, power
and virility, and the actor has succeeded
in drawing out the best that is in his fel
low players in the Grand Opera-house
company. This is the concluding week of
Mr. Haworth's engagement at the
theater. "The Little Minister," with Her-
Bchel Mayall as Gavin Dishart, and Laura
Nelson Hall as Lady Babbie, will follow.
ONE of the best things of the week
among the theaters is the very
good "Hamlet" that is being
given at the Grand Opera-house,
Brown claims that he was* plied with
liquor and kept intoxicated for days at a
time. He finally deeded a half interest
in the lodging house to his housekeeper.
Mrs. W'hitney transferred her share to
her ex-husband in exchange for property
in Fruitvale, Whitney saw a chance to
acquire the other half interest and made
Brown an offer of $4000 for his share and
Brown let him have it. The unfortunate
sugar tester sobered up, one day and real
ized that his earnings had gone. He com
menced proceedings in an Alameda court
to recover the Fruitvale property and won
his suit. The proceedings commenced yes
terday are to recover the lodging house
property.
Whitney is an insurance man, who has
achieved prominence by reason of his pre
dilections for divorce. He has been mar
ried twice and has been divorced twice.
The . Mrs. Whitney concerned in the suit
was his second wife. •->.'..
"William A. Brown is suing Mrs. Anna
M, , Whitney and her ex-husband, Abbott
L. Whitney, to recover property which he
claims the woman obtained from him
while he was Incapacitated by reason of
drink which she and her ex-husband sup
plied to him."
Brown is a sugar tester, and a few
years ago possessed considerable property.
He met Mrs. Whitney just after her hus
band had procured a divorce from her.
At Mrs. "Whitney's request Brown con
verted his property into cash and pur
chased a lodging house at 512 Golden
Gate avenue. Mrs. Whitney became his
housekeeper and together they managed
the house for some time. Whitney ap
peared at the house several times, despite
the decree of divorce, and, it is claimed,
-joined with his wife in a plan to procure
the property.
"William Brown Drinks to Excess and
Gives Away a Lodging
• - s House.
Herrmann the Great is the California
Theater's strong attraction of the week.
DEEDS . AWAY PEOPEHTY
WHILE INTOXICATED
"The Masked Ball* has been a good
drawing card at the Tivoll this week and
the popular Verdi work has rarely been
heard to better advantage. Montanari
has recovered from her indisposition and
her Amelia is the best thing the singer
has done this season. Agostlni is in his
element in the part of Ricardo. Repetto
sings the page in her best fashion. Fer
rari is strong as Renato, Nicolini and
Zani are a picturesque pair of con
spirators and Pollettini as the fortune
teller is thoroughly at home. "Nabucco"
has filled the house on alternate nights
and Is destined to become one of the fa
vorite operas -at the Tivoli. On Monday
next the house will remember the birth
day of Verdi by presenting a bill selected
from'his most popular operas. "Otello,"
"Trovatore," "Lombard!" "Rlgoletto,"
"Nabucco" and other works.
"Florodora" 13 one of the -prettiest
things that the Columbia Theater has
ever had and is holding much more than
its own this week. The sextet ia in
greater favor thaji ever and the choruses
and ensembles, in which the company's
strength consists, are gaining favor daily.
Miss Grace Dudley, the piquant little per
sonage whose Lady Holyrood has been
the work among the principals, is quite
recovered from her temporary indisposi
tion and is again delighting the house with
her fetching performance. The tuneful
comedy crowds the house nightly and
Sunday performances will be given to
satisfy the large demand for seats during
this engagement. The comedy runs an
other week, when It •will give place to
Stuart Robson in a revival of Bronson
Howard's comedy success, "The-Hen
rietta," M~clyn Arbuckle and Russ
Whytal are among Mr. Robson' s support.
"Florodora" will run until Sunday night,
October 20.
grin," "Tannhauser," "Jlelstersinger," "Tris
tan und Isolde," "Die Walkure."
, leceueA) j M. W. Lecnidas K. Pratt, thirty-
Itanl degree. P. G. M. "deceased): Robert H.
Ivjt.s; W. James L. Ccgswell. P. M. ; AV.
v;;'.;Las5 F - WO«V thirty-second degree, P. M.,
K.' G. C. H:; W. Thomas G. Lambert. P. M.;
M. W. George C P»rkin5. P. G. M. : M. W.
Hiram ST. Rucker. P. G. M. : M. W. Henry
.^ Orme. P. G. M.; VT William s. Phelps,
P. M.; W. Henrj- F. V.'illianis, P. M.
Major Edwin A. Sherman, thirty-third
degree, is reta.!ned as 11. V. grand secre
tary (twenty-eighth year).
The next meeting of the Veterans will
foe held on the 10th of October, 1902.
At the twenty-third annual, meeting of
the Masonic Veterans' Association held
vrstcrday in King Solomon's Hall Ma
sonic Temple, the following named' were
o.eeted officers for the current year:
W. William A. Januarv. P M of fii« t,_,,
tu^mue- M - "' ""'"•\u25a0 •"»» ««"><>
The other grand vice presidents chosen
llftsSSilli
%s&& ffisjg s?&5_sh_sb
\\ James L. Cogswell. P. M. (pro tern,
f S'jiij'ii Oeneral Robert Hall, thirTy
lv 1 ?,- -£?T1i *" . S - A - <P->tem.). Manila. P. L;
w : Hafrison. P. G. II.. Victoria. B. C.
r m'/p 0^ 10 Dlar - thirty-third degree. P
v.^t* P^*f ldent >. City of Mexico. Mex. ; W.
3.1w_rd Kilgore P M .. City of Guatemala.
-,« n <- Ed A ", £»wrman. thirty-third <Je-
I^i. t' \ erand secretary, Oakland; W.
.lames L. Copswell. P. M., R. V. grand treas-
V - re l\ « n flT-nci*™: W. Joseph H. Wythe-P.
\Sr\ ' V: V ran «i chaplain. Oakland; M. W
I-wram >.. Rucker, thirtieth degree. P. G M
K. \. grand orator, Oakland; M. W. Le^s X'
t,? 11 ?"^ R - v - Brand marshal. San Jose; M
i C- A PP*" rson . P- M.. K. V. grand stand
f ™£ ar * r -, Ore - on _*£? Henry S. Lubboek.
.-pcond rrand standard bearer. Alameda; San£
uel \\ .Levy, thirty-third degree, third grand
l^n » 5T r< Sa " Francisco; W. William
?jtton. P. M., grand steward. Paclne Grove;
U . George E Kennedy. P. M.. grand steward
Livermore; W. Charles W. Mitchell P. J G
..\u25a0 grand pursuivant. Long Bea'ch; Johri
S Appy. thirty-second degree, grand tyler San
I rancisco.
The following named were elected cor
responding secretaries:
r K^^ Gu f taf Wilson, thirty-second degree.
M JZ,Z Po Jf tland ' Or " : M - W- Thomas
M. Heed, thirty-third degree, P. G. M., grand
secretary. Olyrr.pia. Wash.: V. W. Chauncj
v., v"'«-' -F^ nd secrel ary. Carson City.
Ne\.. \. A\. Iheophilus W. Randall, grand
fecretary. Boise City. Idaho; V. W. Chrlsto-
IJJCT Diehl, grand secretary. Fait Lake City
I .ten; V -JV. AV. D. Torhl. grand Becretary!
Dearer. Colo.: V. AV. William L. Kuvkendahi
prand secretarj-. Saratoga, Wyo.; V." W AI
phewi Keen, grand secretary. Albuquerque
, mj M- >T _- Geor K e J - Roskruge. thirty
third degree. P. G. M.. grand secretarv. Tuc-
Bon, Ariz.; Richard Lockey. thirty-second de
g-.-o. Jielena, llont.; William b. Atwater
thirtieth degree. Honolulu. H. T.: Fred Web
! -r. thirty-third degree, secretary general. S
C. Washington. D. C; W. William E. Stew
:r:. P. li.. Baltimore. Md. : Edwin B. Spln-
B*y. EoFtffn. Mass.: Nicholas Coulson, Detro4t.
Mich.; V. W. Richard Lambert, thirty-third
c;ecr<^e, giand *H?cretary. New Orleans. La j
Fiorhen D. Kirk, eighteenth degree. Charles
tcn, S. C. ; V. W. Waiter J. Quinlan, grand
r^creiary, Victoria, B. C.
The following is a list of those \rho
have served as errand presidents of the
association:
W. Columbus 'Waterhous*. thirty-third de
pr«^. P. M. <<i*<-ease'<l>; W. Samuel Swift;
V\ James M. McDonald, thirty-second degree;
VV. Washington Ayer. thirty-second degree
Vice Presidents and Corre
sponding Secretaries From
Many Climes.
Veterans* Association in
Annual Session at
the Temple.
MASONS ELECT
NEW OFFICERS
ATTRACTIVE BILLS AT THEATERS
DRAW APPRECIATIVE AUDIENCES
Stuart Robson Is to Appear Shortly at the Columbia in 'The Hen
rietta" — The Tivoli Will Remember the Birthday of Composer
Verdi by Presenting Selections From His Most Popular Operas
AMERICAN HELD
BY MEXICANS
Dispute^ Over a Mining
Claim Causes a Sen
sation.
Secretary of State Informed
of the Occurrence in
Monterey.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., Oct 9.— A dispatch from
Monterey, Mexl, says: W. H. Mealey, one
of the most prominent American mining
men in Northern Mexico, was arrested
here this morning and thrown in jail
with common criminals on" complaint of
claimants to the Norias . de . Bajan mine,
situated in the State of Coahuila. To the
mine Mealey has;a title. \u25a0 -
Mealey, -before ' being placed inco
municado, "was allowed to. wire friends in
the United States of his arrest and to
night a telegram was received from
Philadelphia stating that;. his case had
been brought to the attention of Secre
tary of State Hay. \u25a0, ". ]'\u25a0
The American colony, of Monterey Is
greatly wrought up over the arrest and
unless his release is immediately .obtained
the effect on foreign investments in this
part of Mexico will be most disastrous.
SAYS HE WOULD NOT ,
SEEK THE POPE'S LIFE
Alleged Austrian Anarchist, Arrested
Wear the Vatican, Denies
Charges in Court.
ROME, Oct. 9.— The alleged Austrian
anarchist Glavenovich, who was arrested
while loitering about the Vatican grbunds
last Sunday and on whose person a razor
was found, with which It was said he in
tended to. murder the Pope and Cardinal
Rampolla, Papal Secretary of State, was
examined in court to-day. He denied that
hevis an. anarchist or had any intention
off making an attack on the Pope or on
any one else. He was sentenced to fifteen
days' imprisonment for carrying arms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1901.
"Too Much Johnson" Is delighting Al
cazar audiences this week, and the com
pany, by ..its clever work, is making the
best of the' funny farce. M. L. Alsop as
Billings is a laughable and efficient fig
ure, and he' is well supported by the Alca
zar forces. • \u25a0• \u25a0•• <
Next week the management will put on
9
, ADVEBTISEMENTS.
: : \u25a0 : OARTEHS
Positively cured by these
. Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating.' A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
' - Small Price.
Announcement
!
&y O "WING TO THE FA-
u 1 \ vH II >> vorable criticism and
\\ \ mA// // Jnanv inquiries received
i\ \J' jf JJ by us from- the Medical
Profession and others Interested regarding our
statement that the so-called Weakness of Men
is not a weakness, but symptoms of inflamma-
tion of the Prostate Gland (neck of bladder),
caused by contracted disorders and early dissi-
pation, and that Loss of Vitality, Premature-
ness, etc., are invariably cured by procedures
directed toward correcting . this inflammation,
we wish to state to these many inquiries, in
the columns of the press, that it takes approx-
imately ten weeks to cure thesis disorders of the
male. The treatment is entirely a local one, as
no drugging the stomach is necessary, and that
the patient may treat himself at home under
our directions. We will cheerfully explain the
plan of treatment to any reliable physician on
request. The colored chart ' of the organs,
which we send free on application to* any one
interested in the subject, will be found a great
advantage in "Home Diagnosis," as well as a
study for all Interested in their anatomy. Very
respectfully,
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
k visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
\msvm of^NATOftm
A Cfo 1051 -ASSET ST. b8t.6_47_ < S.r.Cal. A
T £j The Larcest Anatomical Museum in the \
M _s3Jfc*« World. Weaknesses or any contracted Q
v ScSSOT * 5ea ' e po«i«i»«-ly earod i.y the oldeit T
O fl^ESf on the Coast. Est. g6 years. ©
A fl_3gf 5 DH. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN h
\ l^iWbu Consultation free and strictly printe. \
~6 i jH^fit II Treatment personally or by letter. A A
\ Wtlf- Si IT l '°' itivc Curt in every case unilcrtaken. \
A F I Web w rite for Book. PBILONUPBY of A
7 ' (' ' I 7 * BIAHRIAGK, MAILED FREE, f A f
\ .Jl - II . valuable boolc for mm) > • \u25a0'.'.>.> \
T »B. Joho AN A CO., 1031 Market St..Si F. 9
VICHY SflttNGS,
The only place In the United States when
Vichy Water is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters: Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Uneijualed. Three miles from
Uklah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.,
i • . Proprietors.
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL. VERANO, Cal., Verano Station
(Kings Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Term*
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU. Lessee.
LAKEPORT AND BARTL.ETT SPRINGS
- STAGE LINE.-Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport, carrying passengers tor Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:301 arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets fay Bartlett Spring*
6tage Line. - .
MTLLER ft HOWARD. Proprietors.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABNT ST. Established
in 1854 (or the treatment of I'rlvnte
Diseases. Lo*t llantinod. Debility or
(IKeasn wearlngnn body »nil mind and
Skin Diseases. TheDoctorcureswIien
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Cnri*»eunr»»nt«-ed. Cull or writ*
Dr. J. _•- mUROAT. Kan OTranciseo. CaL
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
T .TTUBjj— i HI HI '
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. F**« ml JUrfcM Ob
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, S:00,- 11:00 a. m.;- 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p.' m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, »:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m. ; .
-an Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:W, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
3:40,. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave 1 In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.' | April 2S, 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I ~ 1 Sun- I Week
Days. I days. [ Destination.) days, j -Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. . 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, ' 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsbursr. 10:40 am
Lytton, ....
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland [10:40 am 1 10:23 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm[ 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
. ' ' ' ,' 'and
5:10 pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm .6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami . " 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla ; at Lytton for Lytton Springs ; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, C-arls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell's.
Eanhcdrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendocino City. ' Fort Bragg. "West-
port, Usal, . Wlllits, Laytonville, Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris,' Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . • - . - \u25a0—-.-.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates, v,*'
Ticket office, 650 Market street, , Chronicle
building. - • . '\u25a0';*,
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. -Pass Agt.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrfd. Local
Daily • Daily .Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00.p- 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p. 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:llp
"Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:S5 p 3:03 a 10:50 p
'" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06a
" Visalia... 3:40 p 4:48 a ,
" Bakrsflld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a,
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 V :
a for morning, p for afternoon. \u25a0'
•3 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
leaving . Monday and Thursday only, car-
rying Palace Sleeping Cars and. Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m.. Tuesday
and Friday. . "'.\u25a0.,"
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding- train arrives at 12:30"p. m.
daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and \u25a0 Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55, p. m.
dalyl. . .
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaqutn Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 611 Market street and 'in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. \u25a0 .»:\u25a0: -
HOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry .Arrive
San Fran. ' Foot of Market St. San Fran.
_ffi_£.jr*srs=S__i
9:30 a. 8:00a. ntmiat u%1tt rt m 1.00 P. £45 a.
1:45 p. 10:00 a. VV -h^Ti. _, -tr _«u» 3; 00 P. 3:40 r.
4_5 P. 11:30a. __'TtU^_T^ 4:25 *• 6:55 »•
1:15 T.[t *•' w ~ k B * T< "*• 5:55 p.
Tin, S- TnaAf to Summit «i>4 bkn. IV «.
SkktlOficH, «- M_UUT1TUXI ud 8ACSA1H0 RUT.
WBfiffiC-filltlfiar
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains Ifinr it ml »r« ilim In r»rrl»» at
MAN ritANVIIICO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.) .
LBAT> — From October 8. 1301. — arrit b
IxOO a Benlcia. Suisao, Elmlra and S»cr»-
memo ....;........... 8:*5p
7:00a VaciTills, Wloten. Rumsej 7:33*
3:3»a Mutiiiez.3a_LUnion,VaUeJa.K»pa.
Callstogaaiidttant* Itow 0:25p
8:0o a Davis, Woodland. KnigHU Landing.
MarjaTille. Oro'lllf). 7s3?r
SiOUa Atlantic Kipress— Ogden and Eaat 12:2.»p
Hxooa NUea, lathrop, Stockton ":2 >P
SsO«a NUea, Aiendot*. Hanford. Visalia.
PocterrUle 4i33f
Si3»a Shasta Express— D»t_, WUUan- (for
Bartlett Springs), Wlllowi. Red
Bluff. PorUandV. 7iSSr
•tSttA Sau .lose. Utcrmore, Stockton.
lone, Haerameuto, Flaeerrills. *
MnryiTlllo, Cblcn. lla.l JJlutT 4i-3p
StSff A Oakdalr, Chinese.Sooora. Carters... 4:2.1r
•i»Oa Harvard. Miles and Way Station*.. • 1 1»."»\
»iOOa Vall«Jo la:23p
HiU V a Ixm Angeles £rprem — Martinez. . ,
Tracy, — athrop, Mtocktou, Merced
Fresno and Los Angeles 7^*3p
VtSOi Vallrji). Martinex and Way Station! 7.--1 5p
I OiODA Tho OrerUnd Limited— Ogdan, Den- '
»er, Omaha. Chicago fl:**..-
tl:«*P Sacramento Kit ar H ream en fSiOIIA
S<30p Hayward, Nllc» and Way Station*.. 7:33r
4ittttr Deulcia, Winters. fltcianmifio,
- . Woodland, KuigbU Landlug. V
»l«i7«»iile. Orofille 10:55a V
4sOOp Mu-titier. Hau l_.iaon. Vallejo. <
Nairn, (.'aliatnic*. M»iiU lloia "'»5.\
4«.0«? Nile*, LiTennore, Stockton, Lodl... J».l»p
4i3»r Hayward. Mlea, Mail .low, Linrmors iHi.iS*
4iS»p Port Cosa. Tracy, Lattirop. Stockton 1»:25_
3:««r The Oirl Umited— Kreauu, Tulare.- ' '
lUkenDeld, 8angns for Santa Bar-
bara. Los Angeles 8:33a
5:00p Martin'!.- Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
eed.Frs*no l*:»3p
Oi3*r New Orleans Expre«» — Mandot*.
Fremo, B»ker>Qo»d. _oa Angeles,
DtmlDj. El faao, New ; Orleans
and Ea»t... 7^13a
(IsAOp Ha* ward, Nllss aud 8an Jose ?>33a
t«lO«tr Vai!ej» \u25a0 1»*3\
•\u25a0•or Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago 18:i3p
•:00p Oriental -Mall— Ogden, Denrer.
St. Lonii. Chio«go. 4s2Sr
7>«<tr Orecou and C_ifor»Ia Kxprmn.Hao-
r.irnrnto. Marjavllle, UikMIuk,
I'ortUnd. I'Mget Hound and Kaat 8;35a
flt«3pS»a Piblo, P«irt Costa, Martinez
and Way .Stations 1Ij23a
t»iO!*p VaHfj.i ?i5»r ..
COAST L.INE (Nurro- <ia HK e).
(Foot of Mnrki't Streal.1 ' '\u25a0
SiISa NeTOrfc.t>iit«r?ille.»au.loae.KVIt»u. ~
' \u25a0 • UouklorUrLek.Simla Cruz and Way '
bUtloua...t •".:..- »•»•»
t ai I Sr Newark, Cent er ?i II*-, San Jote, Nptt
-:\u25a0' Alm»iUn{ Kslton, HonUlar Creek,
Santa (.'ruz aud Principal Way
, r ..- 8taUo.iil.......v H»i."»»A
4il.1p Newark. Hw Joae. I.o» Gatos tS:Stt.v
c9.3t>r Hunt«ri' Train— »»n Joie and Way .
autiom ....: *7.ao?
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rr«_ SAH t &1BCISC0— Fool of M.rket Street (SUp 8>—
t(:15 9:00 11:00*. a. 1:03 3:J3 5:13r.«.
ftiBOilUIIB— U*\ »> imiwtj.— f«:00 ia;00 13:05
18.00 t.M. 12:03 8.03 l:C3r.n. . . \u25a0 ;
COAST lilNE <IJr«ail <la»«;e). ' i
(Third and Townaeml 3U.) ,
"b.IOa Ban Jo»e«nd W.y KUUons. ,. «<:«»P
7:«Oa Hai. J.»«e n.id Way SUtl.rtu.......... IjX»p
/7««»A Now Alniuli-n /-islttp
WiOOA Han .7o>«. Tres lioos. Haiiin Crux,
l'aciilc tltnte, t*alin*s, San Lcis
Oblipo, 8»nU Barban and Prin-
Cli>ai Intermediate Stations 7i43p
1O:::«\ San Jose and Wsy Stations 4*lOr
I l«a«A H*u .Im. ami Way Stations 3i3op
i'ivtUr San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
r»lo Alto. Hanta Clara. Sail .lose. 1
TresPino«. Santa «;nw. Saliuas.
Montaray ami Pacific <;mt« «IA:43a
Stnop Han Joao and "Way Htailon.. *::«>«.
f4:ISp San Joseaud Principal Way Stations s»; »-"*a
43:AOpSan Joie, Los Gato« »nd rrincipal "
Way Stations )»:«<?*
Stnop nanJnso and Prtncipal Way Stations H.ZOx
•iDOr Redwo-HU Han Jo»<-. Gllr.-y. Sallaaa,
Santa Barbara, Lo< Angeles IOiOSa
<It:iOp San Jobs ami Way Stations f«!Oi» A
qlli43p3an Jose anil MT»y Stations g;30y
A for Morning. I* for A f ternoon.
t RtuMay excepted. t Snnday only _^^
O Saturday only. : /Tuesdays and Fridays^
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAa
- Via Sausollto F«rry.
Coramenclng September £). 1901.
FROM SAN FRAJh CISCO TO MIL1, VAXXEI
AND SAX RAFAEL.
•WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 3:30. 11:00 a. m.
n:«, »:15, 4:15. 5:15. »«:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and Sa n
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
8UNDAYS— *8:00. »10:00. '11:30 a. m. *l:lt
1:15. M:45. 6:30. 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quenttn.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— •5:25. 1:27, 7:«. g:J3, 10:13
a. in.. •12:25, 2:15, •3:23. 4:40. 5:30 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15. »8:00. •10:00. »11:_ a. m..
•1:40. •3:15, 4:«. »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked <*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANCISCO.
\u25a0WEEK DAYS— 5:45,- 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:3O
a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
BCNDAYS-*8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. JO5. S:JOl
8:00, 6:45 p. ro, T?
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tiODX.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and war
stations.
8:00 a. rn. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
t tations.
Leiral Holidays boats and trains will ma oa'
Sunday time. ---•\u25a0.• • -
ADVERTISEMENTS. " '
STOMACH BITTERS
is compounded with the' greatest
of care and contains nothing injur-
ious. It is a safe and reliable rem-.
edy for stomach ccmplaints and
has a record of \u25a0 fifty years of cure
to its credit. Many prominent
physicians prescribe" and recom-
mend it as a cure for dyspepsia,
indigestion, flatulency, belch-
ing 1 , nervousness and insomnia.
Try it. The genuine must have
our Private Die Stamp over the
neck of the bottle./
DH.MEYERS&CO,'jpi%
Specialist. Disease W§£fji£f ?
and weakness of f|il|> ' *
men. Established wj&z
1S8L Consultation \Vfcf; *&!§$ »
free, at office or by j£§_$v .
\u25a0mail. Cures guar-- ' ' l^^^S^^
anteed. T31 Mar- J^^^^W^^W '
ket street (eleva- _rf_N. /^<3O&«L "
tor entrance), San '^as^L-iS^p^N
Francisco. • \u25a0 7 V - V/^^ :YX/*-
GHAPE--TUTS.
DOUBTERS
Can Be Changed by Knowledge. .
If there is any doubt about making
brain power by the use of certain food,
the doubter should make the following
experiment.
Helen Frances Huntington of Gaines-
ville, Ga., says: "Just a. word of com-
mendation concerning Grape-Nuts, which
I have found to be the most wholesome,
nourishing- and appetizing: food that has
ever come to my knowledge.
"I rim not a dyspeptic, but being con-
stantly engaged in severe brain work I
found that I Old not thrive on ordinary
diet; even a moderate dinner dulled my
brain so as to he practically incapable of
critical work. I tried meat Juice, pepto-
nolds, the two-meal system of light break-
fast and no supper, which brought on
nervous depletion and sleeplessness; so I
resorted to on? and another of the vari-
ous health foods, which ail seemed alike
tastelefis and valueless as a brain food,
until quite by chance I had a dish of
Grape-Nuts food served as a dessert. I
liked It so well that I began to use it daily
for supper, four teaspoonfuls in a saucer
of hot milk, eaten before it dissolves to
mushlness.
"This point sho'uld be remembered, as
after a certain time evaporation seems to
affect the sweet nutty flavor of the food,
.as in the case of certain nne-fiavored
fruits.
"The result In my case was simply as-
tonishing. I had no desire whatever for
sweet pastries, meats or, in fact, anything
else; and my brain was as clear and ac-
tive at night as on awaking from a long,
refreshing sleep.
"The peculiar advantage about Grape-
Nuts food Is that it supplies the nutritive
qualities of a varied diet without the bad
results of heavy eating. I cheerfully rec-
ommend Its us<» to. all brain workers. If
not as a.n exclusive diet certainly for. the
last meal of the day. I .always take it
with me when traveling, which saves a
deal of annoyance and discomfort."
H "Let the GOLD DUST twins do your work I" ||
m There are more clothes rubbed out If
tm by using soap than are worn out. m
K^-i _P^_I
%M washes clothes better and is much less expensive than soap. It does not |f|
HI injure the most delicate fabric and requires only half the labor that soap does. g£fl
|H It will clean pots, pans, dishes, floors, furniture — anything- about the house. Ra
graj . \u25a0• Send for our FREE booklet, "Golden Rules for Housework." &M
|H THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY. ' Chicago. St Louis. New York. Boston. Wi.
— — — — _______________________________ >
J ; ; \u25a0 __; ; \u25a0 »fl
\u25a0 . . . . *
- \u25a0 . . . ; - \u25a0•--\u25a0:.• >
Good Enough
for Anybody
No one could ask for a nicer trip. Goodciean j
beds; good places for grub baskets; obliging train
men; plenty of time and chance to replenish eat-
ables. We think the Burlington excursions good
enough for anybody. H. P. Light.
IJntnNlmfiHil "^ e Turlington Overland Excursions leave San Francisco Tues—m
ILUJLyjlUilliJlll and Thursdays — Omaha, Kansas City, St. - Louis, Chicago —
ijlplfffffral EVERYWHERE East. Tickete and berths at—
IBBHilifimiHlill Ticket Office, 631 Market Street
|g* ; n*mii_a@S— £31 -w. D. Sanborn, General Agent San FranciscoThe leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. Hijrh. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
October 68% 68% 67% 67%
December 69% 69% 69% 69U
May 73% 73% 72% 72}i
Corn No. 2—
October 64% 55 , 54% 55
December , 56*i 56% 56V4 56%
May 58% ES% 67% 58
Oats Xo. 2 — •
October 34%
December SSVfc 35% 35V1 33Vi
May 37% 37Vi . 37^ 37%
Mers Pork, per bbl— 7
October .... .... 13 60
January 15 00 15 02% 14 85 14 87',i
May.. 15 07% 15 17% 14 92% 15 07%
Lard, per 100 lbs- - ' <?
October 9 62% 9 62% 9 47% 9 47%
November' 9 40 9 40 9 22% '/ 9 30
January 8 90 8 95 8 82% 8 &2%
May..... 8 90 8 ?5 8 85 8 92y 2
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— !
October 8 35 8 35 8 30 . 8 30
January 7 87% 7 87% 7 75 7 83
May 7 95 7 55 7 87% 7 95
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 67%@67%c: No. . 2
red, es^ifffiS^ic; No. 2 yellow corn. 56%@56%c:
No. 2 oats, 37%c; No. 2 white, 37%@38c; No. 3
white, 37%@38c; Noi 2 rye, 55c; fair to , choice
malting barley, 55@58%c; No. 1 flaxseed, $143;
No.- 1 Northwestern, $151: prime timothy seed,
$5 50@5 55; mess pork, per barrel, $13 70@13 75;
lard, per 100. pounds, $9 50@9 55: short 'rlba
\u25a0Idea (loose), $8 25@>8 45; dry salted shoulders
Weather Report.
130th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 9. 5 p. m.
The fo!lcTiir.g are the seasonal rainfalls to
6ate as compared with those of the same date
lart season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last . This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 4.29 2.63
Red BlufT 0.00 1.93 2.C5
Facrammto 0.C0 0.S6 0.68
fan Francisco 0.00 0.62 1.11 j
»'r«»Fno 0-.00 0.57 0.43
Independence 0.00 0.77 0.83
Fan Lu's Obirpo 0.00 0.23 0.20
I.OE .Arg-clc-s 0.00 0.12 Tree '
Ban Diego 0.00 0.C6 O.CS j
San Francicco data: Maximum temperature,
72; rr.ir.imum, E2; mean. €2.
The foilev.-irjr maximum and minimum tem-
T^ratures were re-portM from Eastern stations:
Boston. T0-C2: Cincinnati. 7S-CS: Washington. I
€5-45: JackFcrvjlle. 7S-6S; New York. 66-50: Kan- !
ras City. 70-J2: Chicago. 74-55; St: Louis, 74-60; j
PhHade'.r-hia. TWO; Omaha. Gi-50; Salt Lake
City. C2-I0; Duluth, SS-4S.
THS COAST RECORD. ~~
6 _2 _'> 0 j» 5
STATIONS. 3 *£ ir
*•'.*•\u25a0\u25a0 • •* . ••
Astoria CO. 18 ."S A% S Cloudy CO
Hak«-r 3CM4 CO 36 NE Pt.Cldy .CO
Carsrn 3S ....
r.urrka 30.14 68 54 NW Clear'" "(SO
Frepno 29.88 SS Cl NW Pt.Cldy CO
>"!aKFt£ft" 30.12 €8 2S S Pt.Cidy 00
Pncatcllo. ir.sho.. .30.06 CO 40 W Cloudy' CO
Independence i%
Lof Arif,el(>j, 30.SS 7S 54 W Clear" CO
Phofnlx 30. $0 02 56 .... Clear "w
Portland 30. IS 62 44 SE Clear .CO
Hod Bluff 29.96 S6 60 N Cloar-- 00
Rosebunr 30.18 68 44 NW Clear .00
Sacramento 29. 52 S6 58 NW Clear .00
Bn'.t Lake 44
San Francit-ro 29.94 72 f,2 W Clear" *00
fan Luis Obispo...29.94 78 44 N Clear 00
Pen nipgo 29.W) C6 D8 W Clear 'oo
£ e a'.tle ,.30.14 €2 44 SE Clear !oo
Spokati" f ..3M8 C) 38 W Cloudy .00
Jjcah Bay 20. OS 56 48 SW. Rain .04
V. alia V.aila." 30.10 68 46 SW Pt.Cldy 00
VI ir.nemacca 40
Juraa... 30.76 84 1% SW Clear'" 166
Tempprtture— 7 a. m.. 54 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL ;
FORECAST.
The prrrsure has fallen rapidly during the
part twenty-four hours over Vancouver Island
and Northwestern Washington. There are some
Indications of the approach of a storm on the
rorthern coast. There are also indications of
a disturbance in the extreme south.
The weather rtill continues warm In th» great
valleys of California and excellent for drying
p.uri>oses. '
Forecast mado at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. October 10, 1901: /
Northern California— Cloudy Thursday; light
tiTtfccrly. changing to easterly winds.
Southern California— Increasing cloudiness
Thursday; light northerly winds, changing to
westerly.
Nevada— Fair Thursday; continued warm;
Ilsht westerly winds. , - •..' \u25a0
San Francisco and vicinity — Increasing cloudi-
Renewed outside liquidation and a weak hog
market depressed provisions. There was a
small local support on the early decline but
this goon fell off* and with but little cash
demand January pork closed 17M:C down lard
2%o lower and ribs VAc lower.
I
#-—— *
CHICAGO, Oct. 9.— There was a complete
change of sentiment in the wheat pit from yes
terday's closing bullish activity. A consid
erable quantity of long wheat had been carried
over night In expectation of a good rise to
day, but when there wag no response in cabled
to the local bulge every one seemed to want
to let go of his holdings, and a rapidly sagging
market was the' result. The usual bearish
statistics were present again with no improve
ment in the cabla list and December opened
to %@%c lower. at 63%@63%c; A sharp
break of He- resulted from liquidation during
the first hour. Reports of a considerable In
crease in shipments had a recuperative effect,
but this was short-lived and on a revival of
selling by bears December declined to 69%c.
On covering near the\end of the session De
cember reacted somewhat, but closed weak lc
lower, at 69%@69%c.
Corn ruled dull and weak. Offerings from
the country were freer and shipments fell oft
considerably. December closed »£c lower at
56%e. .
December oats had little trade in a narrow
market. December closed weak, %a lower at
35Vic
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— FLOUR-Receipts," 29.
\u25a04S9 barrels; exports, 7006 packages. Weak and
lower to selL Minnesota patents, $3 55<S3 SO.
WHEAT— Receipts, 125,300 bushels; exports,
74,3i8 bushels; 6pot, weak.' No. 2 red, 75%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 74%c elevator. Op
tions were weak and heavy all day under dis
appointing cables, active liquidation, poor sup
port and aggressive short selling. Closed weak
at %e net loss. May closed 7Sy 8 c; December
closed, 75 1 /fcc.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOI^Steady.
COFFEE— Spot RIo\ steady; No. 7 invoice.
5%S5%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 7mgllc. Op
tions closed eteady; December, 5.25c; March,
5.5S(35.60c; May, 5.70@5.73c. •
SUGAR — Raw, quiet anrt'steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6756 packages; steady.
State dairy. H@21c; creamery, 15@22c; June
creamery, 20@21V4c; factory, 12%@15V4c.
EGGS — Receipts. S100 packages; firm. West
ern candled. 21@21%c; uncandled do, 17@21c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Conditions in the market for evaporated ap
ples were much the same as heretofore. De
mand was moderate and values held steady.
j New York Grain and Produce.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9,— To-day's statement
of the Treasury: Available - cash balances,
$173,295,062; gold, J101.1S8.3OO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. 9.>^CATTLE— Receipts, 11,503,
including 600 Texans and ,4000 Westerns; best
heavy. 10c higher; others -' no^ more than steady;
good to prime steers, . J6 10®6 60; poor to me
dium, $3 50@5 90; stockers and feeders, $2@4;
cows. $1 25@4 «0; heifers,. $2@5; canners, $1 25@
2 25; bulls. $1 50@4 50; calves, J2 50®6; Texas
steers, $2 90@3 75; Western steers, $3 65®5 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 30,000; to-morrow,
27,000; left over, SOOi); slow and 15@20c lower;
mixed and butchers, $6 10@6 90; good to choice
heavy. JC@6 60; rough heavy. $5 75@6 10; light,
$6 20<g6 30; bulk of sales. $6@6 25.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000; strong; lambs, 15@
25c higher than Monday; good to choice weth
ers. $3 50@3 75; fair to choice mixed. $3@3 50;
Western sheep, $2 75©3 50; native lambs, $2 50@
5; Western lambs, $3 2504 50.
Boston Wool Market.
LONDON, Ofet. 9.— The offerings at the ,wool
auction sales to-day amounted to 12,116 bales.
Demand was fairly good. • Up to the present
time 254,C00 bales have been sold.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 9.— Clearings. $577,676;
balances. $139,217.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Oct. 9.— The wheat market Is
easy but a decline In freights prevents lower
prices and Walla Walla is In demand at 53c;
Bluestem at 54@55c.
Cleared British ship Lonsdale, with .102,778
bushels of wheat: French bark Saint Donatlen,
with 80,128 bushels of wheat; British ship Sham
oena with 120,148 bushels of wheat: British ship
Falls of Balladale, with 18,767 bushels of wheat
and 116.7S9 bushels of barley, all for Queens
town for orders.
WASHINGTON.
. TACOJIA, Oct. 9.— Wheat— Bluestem. 53'4c;
Club. 52'Ac German ship Adolph cleared to-day
with 96,000 bushels of wheat.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. 9.— Consols, 92%; silver,
26 ll-16d; French rentes, lOOf 92^c; cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, 28s ; "cargoes Walla Walla, 27s
6d; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 9.— Wheat, steady No. 1
standard California, Bs 9d@5s 9'/4d; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, quiet; weather in England, un
settled.
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d.
NEW YORK. Oct. 9. — Money on call, steady,
at 3%@3*i per cent; ruling rate. 3% p^r cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4V£@5 . per cent. Ster
ling exchange, strong, at f 4 88 for demand and
at $4 S2?4 for. sixty days. Posted rates, $4 8IV2
and $4 S6',£. Commercial bills, S4 83@4 83%.
Bar silver, 57%c. Mexican dollars, 45V4c. Gov
ernment bonds, steady; State bonds, inactive;
railroad bonds, irregular.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK Oct. 9.— Cotton futures opened
firm at an advance of 5@6 points. ' Business
dragged all afternoon. The market closed 3@8
points lower.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
"Tho Iramediate future cf the stock market
is indefinite. No bull movement is yet in sight,
and bearish sentiment seems to predominate' in
Fpito of the fact that the big interf-sts Feem
oppufdl to all pronounced declines. The situa
tion Utercfqae offers excellent trading oppor
tunities: rood stocks being a purchase on all
eharp declines, and equally eood pales on all
pronounced rallies. Conservatism is still the
only cafe course."
"At this time of unsettled values it is well
to tlraw t5:e line between railroad shares and
thos* cf the- industrials In estimating intrinsic
wo th. ks ;t ir.urt be remembered that the for
rr.t.- are mostly connected with corporations
t*-at were pessimistically, hence drastically,
reorganized, while the latter were mostly optl
nisticiiily organized and many of them mav
lave to be pessimistically reorganized. Then
the railroads and industrials will be oa a com
mon foctirj.
"The monetary outlook Is somewhat clearer,
as proved by Secretary Gage's discontinuing the
purchase <,f bends. Very soon the outward
cira'.n for crrp purposes will cease and the In
flux of currency win begin. Gold imports ar?
being feteyed. partly owing to Europe's nec.-s
fity for retaining the precious metal, but at
the moment the money market is free of
anxieties.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"•One of the most important considerations
Just now is the course of the industrials. In
Aujrust and September xve witnessed a series
cf annual reports, all of an unfavorable na
ture. Reduced earnings have followed lower
prices for products, and it .is very evident that
the era of abnormal industrial profits is on the
v^nc-. New competition is also slowly but
surely making the burden of over-capitaliza
tion felt. The developments in Amalgamated
Copper acted decisively against the entire mar
ket. Fortunately the United States Steel Cor
poration took the public into its confidence and
made an excellent showing as to earnings,
which removed an important element of doubt.
The management deserve commendation for
their courage as well as sagacity. A policy of
secreti vent ss such as is followed by most of
the industrials inevitably provokes distiUEt, and
investors and speculators v.Til do well to leav-»
those aione Chat fail to give reliable informa
tion as to earnings and general financial con
dition. It is almost unnecessary to say that
the industrials are especially exposed to trade
fluctuations and that their course will be large
ly influenced by general business. The latter
is stili in cood condition and the outlook is
lor a good fall and winter trade; nevertheless,
the indUFtriais are a weak feature ar.d will
Et:!l bear watching. Those that avoid pub
licity regarding their affairs will probably be
Bharp!y discriminated against. ,
Conditions in Wall Street.
LONDON, Oct. 9.— Anaconda, 7%; Atchison,
7S?g; do preferred, SS; Canadian Pacific, 111%;
Denver & Rio Grande, 44V4; do preferred, . 94Vs;
Northern Pacific preferred, 98V4; Southern Pa
cific, 57V4: Union Pacific, 9SU; do preferred, 90.
Bar sliver, quiet, 26 l-16d per. ounce. Money,
1U per cent.
CLOSING,
The tone of the market was much Improved
to-day. The Boer news was ' much better.
Then, besides, the local loan issue, which was
placed at 99%, was a success.
American stocks fluctuated on varying esti
mates of Atchison dividend. This morning
there was a sanguine feeling and at the close
nervousness.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's financial cablegram from London
says:
London Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— Tin in London further
advanced 10s to-day, spot closed at £112 5s and
futures at £106 17s 6d. Locally tin ruled quiet,
but firm. Spot closed at $24 40@24 50.
Spelter was_flve points higher, with spot
quoted at $4 20®4 25. The London market was
firm, but unchanged at £17 2s 6d.
Lead was dull at home and abroad, closing
at $4 37>,4 and £11 5s respectively.
Copper In London was Cs 3d higher on spot,
with futures unchanged. The close was. un
settled -with spot quoted at £63 15s and futures
at £63 5s. At New York the market was nom
inally unchanged.
Iron was steady, but nulet. Pigiron warrants
were quoted at $9 50@10 50; No. 1 Northern
foundry, $15@16; No. 2 Southern foundry, $140
15. "
Glasgow iron warrants closed at 53s 6d and
Mlddlesboro at 45s 7V£d.
Neiv York Metal Market.
10 S V Water • .?? 2?
$2000 Spring Valley Water 6s «* »
$2000 S P^of Arizona (1909) • "^
$5000 Spring Valley 4a (2d mtge) iu- *»
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Beard- , „
100 Aztec x ~
100 Caribou •\ a3 , iX
6 Hanford *•*£ $
5 Hanford 1Ji XX
3000 Lion . Vx
50 Peerless, b 90 *
S00 Sterling ....'. * JXia
100 Sterling, b 90 * *:^
200 Twenty-Eight x °°
Afternoon Session.
Board— | . .«
60 Home Oil a ij
100 Monarch of Arizona ~
3S0 Sterling * *L,
400 Sterling, b 90 1 *-Vi
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday.
Morning Session.
50 Caledonia 30; 300 Ophir 73
3CO Mexican 1711S0O Union Con is
Afternoon Session.
500 Best & Belcher 17 400 Potosi 08
200 Caledonia 30 =00 Silver Hill 31
100 Chollar 06 300 Lnion Con 14
200 Confidence 80 1
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:-
Morning Session-
SCO Best & Belcher 16 100 Mexican 17
1C0 Con Cal & V.I 67H ICO Ophir ••;•••••— ]-
200 Gould & Curry. C6 500 Sierra Nevada. 17
100 Mexican 16' 300 Union Con 13
Afternoon Session. — —
400 Best & Belcher 16 200 Mexican 17
200 Challenge Con™ U 2C0 Ophir <-
300 Chollar 06 SCO Potosi ©«
700 Con Cal & V.I 671.2 3C0 Silver Hill ol
10O Confidence 81 2CO Union Con U
500 Hale & Norcr3. 14 500 Yellow Jacket. 07
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
\u25a0WEDNESDAY, Oct. 9—4 p. va.
Bld.Ask. Bt £, As £
Alpha — 03 Justice 02 04
Alta C2 03 Kentuck — 02
Andes 03 06 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher -OS 10 Mexican 18 IT
Best & Belcher 15- 16 Occidental 0» 06
Bullion - 02! Ophir 71 73
Caledonia 30 31; Overman 04 06
Challenge Con.. 14 16; Potosi 0» 07
Chollar C5 06 Savage 10 11
Confidence 79 81 i Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 65 1 70 ; Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... - OH Sierra Nevada, la 16
Con New York. 01 —j Silver Hill 30 31
Crown Point... 06 08 St Louis 03 04
Eureka Con.... 14 —Standard » w) —
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate — «j
Gould & Curry. 03 ©SlUnionCon 13 14
Hale & Norcrs. 12 13 Utah 02 03
Julia — OllYellow Jacket. 07 OS
FOR WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 9.
Flour, qr sks 12,872 Straw, tons 23
Wheat, ctls 4.170 Wool, sks 619
Barley, ctls 6,510 Broomcorn, bales 17
Oats, ctls 4,280 Hides, No 515
Beans, sks 4,221 Pelts, bdls 4,444
Potatoes,- sks 3,303 Tallow, ctlg 374
Onions, sks 20O Sugar, ctls J.S81
Bran sks 3,340 Quicksilver. flsRs 41
Middlings, sks.... 905 Leather, rolls 118
Hay, tons 773 Wine, gals 25,800
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 1.85ti Oats, ctls 370
Poultry and Game.
There Is no further change In Poultry, the
market being well supplied and easy.
Game is lower all around. Arrivals were 53
sacks.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14<S>16c for Gobblers
and 14@l6c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 bt@
1 75; Goslings, $1 50@l 75; Ducks. $3<&'3 50 for old
and $3@4 for young; Hens, $3 50@4 50; young
Roosters. • $1@4 50; old Roosters., $3 50@4; Fry
ers, $3 25@3 50; Broilers, $3@3 25 for large and
$2 25@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per
dozen for old and $1 75®2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1 25; Hare, $1@1 25;
Rabbits, $1@1 25 for Cottontail and $1 for
Brush; Mallard, $4@5; Sprig, $2 50@3; Teal, $2<S>
2 50; Widgeon, $1 50@2; Small Ducks, $1 50";
Blackjacks,' ; English Snipe, : Gray
Geese, $4 50. * .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. t
i The firmness in' fancy t creamery Butter con
tinues, ' but the ' lower grades are still quoted
dull and out of favor. There is no -variation
in Cheese.
The Egg market Is not lively.- Prices are
being pushed up in order to work off Cold stor
age stock, but the demand is slow. Stocks,
however, are not heavy.
Receipts were 17,400 pounds of Butter,
pounds Eastern Butter, 333 cases of Eggs,
cases Eastern Eggs, 11,000 pounds of California
Cheese and pounds . Oregon Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 2S@2»c per lb for fancy
and 25@27c for seconds; dairy, lS@25c; store
Butter, 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub, 22y>c;
Pickled Roll, 19@20c: Keg, 18@19c per lb. "
CHEESE— New. ll@12c; old, lO'/fcc: Young
America, 12%c per lb: Eastern, 13@15c
EGGS— Ranch, 36@38c. for selected large, 34
@35c for good to choice and 30@32V2C for fair;
store, 22@25c per dozen; cold storage, 21(S25c;
Eastern. 17M:@23c.
« : #
There was a very good business on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange and the
feeling was firm, as a rule. Market Street
Railroad continued to lead In point of Interest,
rising to $92 50, falling back to $30 50 and re
covering to $31 25. - Alaska Packers' sold at
$142 50@143. Spring Valley was higher at $88®
S8 50 and Contra Costa Water at $77@77 50.
The oil stocks continued dull and featureless.
In the afternoon business was brisker than
for some time, but fluctuations were few.
Market Street Railroad sold at $91 25@91 62%.
The California Street Railroad Company paid
the usual monthly dividend of 50c yesterday.
The following will pay dividends to-day: Cal
ifornia Wine Association, 60c per share; Giant
Powder Company. 75c per share; Market Street
Railroad Company, 60c per share for the quar
ter.
STOCK r AND BOITD EXCHANGE.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Panama steamer brought up 404 boxes
Mexican Limes. They are selling at an ad
vance.
Cranberries continue to sell before they get
here, and the demand is keen, even at the ad
vanced Quotation.
Some late cling Peaches brought $35 per ton.
Receipts of Grapes were lighter, and as the
sour stock has mostly been worked off the mar
ket has advanced again.. **
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES — 75c(g$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 25@65c for ordinary.
PLUMS— 40@75c per box; Prunes, 75@S5o per
crate. .
PEACHES— 25@65c per box; Peaches in car
riers, 40@60c.
POMEGRANATES— 60@75c per small box.
PEARS— Winter Pears, 50c&$l per box.
QUINCES— 40®60c per box.
PERSIMMONS— From Newcastle, $1@1 25 per
box and crate.
STRAWBERRIES— $6@10 per chest for Long
worths and $3®:; for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES-$5@6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4 50@6 per box.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@7c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $9 50 per barrel;
Coos Bay, $2 50@3 per box.
FIGS— 40@75c per box for black and 25@50c
for white.
MELONS — Nutmegs. 25@60c per box; Canta
loupes. 75c@$l 25 per crate; Watermelons, $3@15
per 100.
GRAPES— Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent' more than small boxes and crates,
which are quoted as follows: Sweet water. 25®
40c per box and crate; Tokay, 25@70c; Mus
cat, 25@70c; Black, 25@70c; Isabella. 4D®75c;
Cornlchon, 40@85c; Wine Grapes, $28@32 50 per
ton for Zinfandel and $24@25 for White..
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 50c@$4; Lemons,
$1@1 25 for common and J2@3 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. $1@3; Mexican Limes,
fresh, S6 50@7 50; Bananas, 75c@$l 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $1 50@3 per dozen. \u25a0 •
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions, with
a dull market. Chestnuts from Llvermore sold
at 10@15c per lb.
FRUITS — Apricots, 7@9c . for Royals and 8®
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 6@7c; sun-dried. . 3^@4^c;
Peaches, 6@8c; Pears, 5@$c; Plums, pitted,
4@5%c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@6c for
red and 5%@6V2C for white; Figs, S&fgtf'/je for
black. - • .
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 5V>@5%c; 40-50's. 5@&Vic; 50-60's, 4^.(7?
4%c; 60-70's, 4@4Uc;'70-80's. 3V 2 @3%c^S0-9O's, Z<@
3%c; 90-IC0's, 2V>@2%c per lb.
RAISINS (price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa, $2 60; fancy, $1 75. Lon
don layers — Three-crown, $135; Two-crown,
$1 25. Price per lb: Standard loose Muscatels—
Four-crown, 4%c: Three-crown, 4V&c; Two
crown, 3%c; Seedless Muscatels, 4 Vic; Seed
less Sultanas. 5Vfcc; Thompson Seedless, 6V4c.
Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, &Mc; choice, 7J4C;
standard, 6^0; prime, 5V£c. Bleached Thomp
sons—Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c;
standard. 7%c; prime, 6%c.
NUTS;- Walnuts. No." 1 softshell, 9Uc; No. 2,
7%c: No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2. 7c; Almonds.
13@14c for papershell. lOgllc for softshell and
6®6c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern;
Brazil Nuts, 12@12V4c: Filberts. 12@12%c; Pe
cans, lllS13c: Cocoanuts, $3 50g!5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10®
ll'/fcc for light'amber; water whito extracted,
5@6c; light amber \extracted, 4V£@5c; dark. 4®
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Annie Matthews to Rolla V. Watt and Laura
J Sims, lot on 3 line of Haight street, 131:6 B
of Laguna E 68:9 by S 137:6; $13,000.
Frank W. and Lillian M. Griffin or Lillian
F. Griffin (Follls) to Union Trust Company of
San Francisco lot on NE corner of Washington
and Buchanan streets. E 57:6 by N 107:S^i; $10.
William D. and Anna C. Meyer to Frank
W and Mary Scott, lot on E line of Cole street.
62:6 N of Carl. N 25 by E 104; $1».
City and County of San Franciscc- to Charles
Nonnenmann lot on NW corner of Shotwsll
and Twenty-first streets. N 35 by W 122:6; — .
Esther Grennan (widow) to Esther I. Gren
can. lot on E linei of Sanchez street. 300 N
of Fourteenth. N 25 hy E 125; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Andrew
Baflgo lot on SE corner of Twentieth and
Hampshire streets. S 100 by E 50; — .
Ralph William Brigg3 and Thomas^ B and
Josephine H* Bishop to Willard M. Sheldun.
lot on E line of Bartlett street. 180:9% S of
Twenty-third. S 75, E 110. S 25, E 110, N 100,
W 250, quitclaim deed: $10.
Ernestine and Herman Engelbrecht to Ferdi
nand E. Hesthal, lot on E line of Fountain,
street 133:4 N of Twenty-flfth, M 253:4. E i£>.
S 176:8 E 125, S 50. XV 125. S 28:3, XV 125: $10.
Thomas G. and Mary H. Parker to California
Safe Deposit and Trust Company, lot on S Una
of Sutter street, 206:3 W of Taylor, XV 45:10 by
S 137:6 to correct 1898 D 102; $10.
James F. McCabe to Mary C. McCue, Hugh,
V and James William McHugh. all Interest In
lot on N line of (yFarrell street, 137:1ft E of
Leavenworth. E 34:9% by N 137 :«; $10.
James William McHugh. to Thomas Moran.
all interest In same: $10.
Henrietta S. Lucaa (wife of J. W.) to Marce-
Hn Chavanette. lot on K line of Green street.
206:3 E from Hyde. E 2S by N 66; $10.
David Kerr to Orvllle D. Baldwin, lot on JfB
line of Fifth street, 85 NW from Mission, NW
25 by NE 75. subject to mortgage for $8000: $10.
City Building and Loan Association to Lucy
XV. Esmiol, lot on W line of First avenue, 172
N from Clement street, N 25 by XV 120; $10.
Emma Witts to Frank C. F~etb.erstonba.ugh.
lot on S line of J street, 57:6 B from Ninth
avenue, E 25 by S 100: $10.
J. H. Cave to Emma E. Skaggs. lot on SW
line of Fifteenth. " avenue. 150 from K street.
S 100 by W 75, lot 3, block 309. South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion; grant.
Estate of Warrena Mills (minor, by C J.
Garnsey, guardian) to Florence M. Atheant.
lot on E corner of Twentieth avenae South and
L street South, SB 50 by NE 10O, lot 9. bloclc
387. same; $200.
Olive Verkouteren (widow) to Robert Lougrh
lin. same; $10.
August Huchard to "William <yConnell. lot
25. block 4, Syndicate's first addition to San
Francisco; $10.
Jennie Ferguson (Manwell) to Caroline Dil
ly, lot on E line McClellan (Andover) street.
25 N from Lincoln, thence 50 by E 70, lots 171
and 173. Gift Mar> No. 1; $25.
City and County of San Francisco to Herman
Heyneman, lot on N line of Pacific avenue,
6S:9 "W of Laguna street, W 68:9 by N 137:6; — .
Thomas H. and May E. Browne to Henry
and Elene 41. Horwege. lot on SE corner of
Fell and Webster streets. E «3 by S 120; $10.
E. Avery McCarthy and Lillian L. McCarthy
to Alice Cooper Dillon (widow), lot on N lins
of Broadway. 92:6 E of Pierce street, E 27:6
by N 137:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Anna
Hadley. lot on N line of Eddy street. 90 W
Of Pierce. H 100. E 90, S 25. W 30, S 75, W 0); -.
James L. and Louie Holland to Minnie Thelen
and Caroline Grieb (wife of Peter Grieb), lot
on W line of Scott street, 33 S of Sutter S 23
by W 87:6; $10.
Peter Grieb to Caroline Grieb, same: gift-
Elizabeth Evans (widow) to Edwin S. and
Mary A. Belden, lot on S line of Clay street.
106:3 E of Devlsadero. E 23 by S 127 :8H: $!!>•
Louise M. and Emma C. M. Thierba^h to
Sarah Magnes (widow), lot on XV line of Lyon
street. 100 S of McAllister, S 23 by W 106:3; $10.
Georgina and Ebenezer Klnnear to Helen T.
Miller, lot on W line of Treat avenue. 210 S
of Twentieth street, S 25 by W 122:6; $10.
Estate- of Ellen Callaghan or Kenny (by Cor
nelius Callaghan, executor) to Dennis Hayes,
lot on E line of Lexlnsrton avenue. 235 N of
Nineteenth street, N 50 by E 80; $2S0O.
Estate of John W. Karren (by John W. Far
ren Jr.. administrator) to Morton L. Cook, lot
on E line of Beale street, 1S3:4 S of Mission,
S 45:10 by E 137:6; S28.0OO.
Margaret A. Farren (widow) to same, same;
$10.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Caroline Schenk (wife Adam) (owner)
with Andrew Dahlberfr (cpntractor), architect
George A. Dodge — All work except plumbing,
painting, mantels, gas fixtures and shades for
a three-story frame building on lot on N. lino
of Clay street. 81:3 W. of Baker, W. 25 by N.
105. Western Addition 578: $4736.
James" Gough (owner) with Val Franz (con
tractor), architect' Philip Srhwerdt — All work
except mantels, tiles, gaa fixtures, plumbing
and painting for a three story and basement
frame building on lot on N. line of Ellis street,
137:6 E., of Gough. E. 27:6 by N. 137:6; $7760.
David Newell (owner> with Richard Fahy
(contractor), architect Copeland & Peirce — All
work for alterations for a two-story frame
building on E. Hr.e of Guerrero street, between
Market and Thirteenth. No. 35 Guerrero: $3S2rt.
Sis. Stra.i»b*rjter (owner) with T. Hook *
Son (contractors), architects Salfleld & Kohl
berg — Excavation, brick and stone work and*
patent chimneys for a two-story attic and base
ment residence on lot on X. line of Pacific
avenue. lt>9:6 XV. of Stelner. XV. 32:3 by N.
John* Br»>uner Company (less»es> with 'Rals
ton Iron Works (contractor?), architect R. H.
White— Steel bridge across Stevenson street eon
nectins: at third story floors wtth thp seven
story brick building on lot on PE. corner Mar
ket. 17S:6 NK. of Sixth. NE. 49:3 by> SE. 17n.
owned by Wilson Estate Company, with five
story brick buUdi^s en SE. line or Stevenson
street. 176:6. NE. 50 by SE. 70. owned by H. A.
Herger; also alterations In said building neces
sary to accommodate said brtdcre: JUOO
A. Chichlzola (owner), with S. Glletti (con
tractor), architects William Mooser & Son— Ex
cavating, concrete and artificial stone work fcr
a one-story and basement frame residence r>n
the S line of Union street, 160 W o£ Taylor. XT
Z0 by S VX>; total, — .
Provisions.
The Chicago market declined, but subsequent
ly recovered 'and closed steady. This market
was firm enough, but the daily weakness at
Chicago Is ; rendering dealers cautious. Prices
remain as before. ; ., .
- CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12',*c per lb for
heavy, 12%@13c for light medium, . 14c for light
15c -for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured ;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14@14^c; California
Hams, 13%c; Mess 'Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family. $12.50; Prime Mess Pork
$15; extra clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beer,
14c per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%@8c per lb for
compound and 12c for pure; half- barrels, pure
12%c; 10-lb tins, 12%c; 5-lb tin, 12%c; 3-lb tins.,
13c. - \u25a0 ".- .
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels,. 10%c; one tierce, 10%c; two tierces,
10c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. -,- ;-v "-.
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 9-2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup... 112 112% 4s qr cp (new).13Sy;i39»i .
4s quar re§:...112 112% 3s quar coup.. 108 "100 "
MISCELLANEOUS.
Bay C P C 5s.l06%107 Oak Wat g 5s. — — i
Cal-st 5s» 118 — Oceanic SS 5s. 103 104
C C Water 5s. 112 — Omnibus C 6s. 129% —
Ed L & P 6s. — 131% Pac G Imp 4s. — • 99 :
Fer & C H 6s. - — Pk & Cl H 6s.lO9 -
Geary-st 5s — — — Pk & O R 6s. .121 —
H C & S 5%s.. — — Powll-st R 6s. — —
Do 5s. 99%100 Sac E G R 5s. 95 —
Los Ang R 5s. 117 — S F & SJV 5s.l22%124
L A Light 6S.101U - • Sierra Cal 6s. — —
Do gntd 6s.. 100 — S P of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 5s. .100 105 (1909) 113 —
L, A & P 5s 1C1 1C2 (1910) 114
Do 1 c m as. — 123 S P of Cal 6s
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 12S% (1905), Ser A. — 107£
Do 1 c m 5s. — 122% (1905), Ser B. 107*4 —
Nev C N G 7s. — — (1906) 109' —
N R of Cal 6s.ll2%113% (1912) 119Vi —
Do 5a 12U4122% S P of Cal 1st '*
Nor Pac C 6s.l01% — I c gntd 5s 110% —
Do 5s — 107% I S P Br Cal 63.133%134tf
Nor Cal R 5s. Ill -\ S V Water 6s.lll%112
Oak Gas 5s. ..111%— Do 4s 103% —
Oak Trans 6s. 121 — Do 4s 3d m.102 —
Do 1st c 5s.. 111*1112% Stktn Gas 6s.. 104 —
W r ATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77% 78 Port Costa 63 65
Marin County. 53 — Spring Valley. 87% 88%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.. — — Pacific Light.. 41 —
Equitable 3}fc 4 Sacramento ... — 40
Mutual 4% 5% S F O & E.... 43 43^
Oakland ..51 51% San Francisco. 4% 4%
Pac Gas Imp. 39% — *
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. 240 — |
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal — 80 L P & A 15714160
California 408% — Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO8% — S F National.. 130. —
First Notlonl..310 - ,
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1895 — Sav & Loan... —
Humboldt — — Security Sav.. .275
Mutual Sav 60' — Union Trust.. 1700 —
San Franclsco.525 —
STREET RAILROADS.
! California 129% — IOSI.4 H 40 —
Geary — 50 I Presidio ....... 31 V4
Market ........ 91% 92 ' .
POWDER.
Giant 75% — |VIgorit 3% 414
SUGAR.
Hana 4*i — iKilauea 10% —
Hawaiian — 50 |MakaweIl 27% —
Honokaa 10% 10%iOnomea 24% 25
Hutchinson ... 14% — 'Paauhau 10% 11
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 143 144 Oceanic S Co. 40M. 43
Cal Fruit Can. 97 98. (Pac Aux FA. 2% —
Cal Wine AsnrS7 83 |Pac C Borax. .165 —
Mer Exchnge..llO — I Par. Paint 18 _
Morning Session.
Board — •
25. Alaska Packers' Association 142 50
25 Alaska Packers' Association 143 50
100 Cal Wine Association ; 87 j 0
10 Contra Costa Water 77 M
30 Contra Costa Water 77 25
5 Contra Costa Water '.'..'." Ti 50
5 Market Street Railway "" 9* so
10 Market Street Railway, s 90 ** « 7^
2Ck Market Street Railway " 9t Kn
\u25a0lia Market Street Railway '"" sriiX
150 Market Street Railway ..."" 90 SO
10 Market Street Railway 1- " 90 «ii
25 Market Street Railway "" W[ ,:' 2
100 S F Gas & Electric Co "" A ol
1S5 Spring Valley Water '"" ce ~' a
. 10 Spring Valley Water ' <u> :„
Street- •• w »Q
20 Giant Powder Con -- --
100 Honokaa S Co **" |J L
15 Oncmea Sugar Co W\ if.
30 Pacific Coast Borax irkm
. 75 Spring Valley Water !!!."!. S8 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Alaska. Packers' Association . "" ij» nn
$1000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s, cash irfi S%
-100 Cal W T Ine Association '" e? ™
\u25a0 20 Cal Wine Association, s 5.. " 1-iKa.
50 Contra Costa W T ater ~ £*.
50 Hana Plantation Co ' - ,:' a
5 Honokaa. S Co .- ' \u25a0' \u25a0,% o
50Makawell S Co " IZ Z%
.10 Market Street Railway .... ""* l\ ,- '
• 15 Market Street Railway . I,
30 Market Street Railway 01 2V
$10,000 Oakland "vVater 5s ...... ,21 £1 -
$35,000 Oakland. Transit Co 5s.... ;??
25 Onomea Sugar Co .... "" if?:
*75 Paauhau S P Co " V ' ?J fx
' 50 S F Gas & Electric Co.~~~ « nn
J1C00 S P of Arizona (1310) jjj jj.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under/ quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides,
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days...... — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — . 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07Va
Silver, per ounce — 67%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 . — 47%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT- The foreign markets were- weak,
with lower futures at Paris- and Liverpool.
Chicago opened weak on the easier cables,
and declined lc. The market was fairly active
at the decline, though the export demand was
small. Minneapolis reported good Flour sales,
both for export and domestic account.
Broomhall cabled from England that the
world's Rye crop was 160,000.000 bushels short
of last year's. All private cables reported Rus
sian Wheat offering freely. The Chicago shorts
recovered their courage on this, and the bears
started in reselling. The harvest In Roumanla
was reported deficient In quality, but not in
quantity, owing to excessive rains.
In this market futures were lower, but shlp
pmg quotations, remained unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95@96%c; milling; 98%c
<g-?l C2% per ctl.
\u25a0 CALL BOARD SALES. f
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
14.000 ctls. 98%c. May— 4000, *1 03%.
Second Session — May — 4000 ctls. $1 03%j !
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
98HC
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls. $1 03.
BARLEY— There is nothing new in this mar
ket. Trade is still at a standstill.
Feed, 72%@73%c for choice bright. 70@71%c
for No. 1 and 67%c for 'off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier, 95c@
$1 05 per ctl. *
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
. Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales. '
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — Continue I firmly . held I at unchanged
quotations. > i,\
Grays, Jl 10@l 20; whites, $1 10@l 30; black,
$1@1 15, and red, $1 05@l 20 per ctl.
CORN — The market shows no change what
ever. Quotations are nominal. ':• ' • "
Eastern' is quoted to arrive . in bulk at $1 62%
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock- Sales High Low Close
Atchison 67.800 76:6 75% 76%
Atchison pfd 2.100 93T& 95% 9314
Baltimore & Ohio 1,100 100% 89% 99%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd. 500 93% 93% 93
Canadian Pacific 100 108 ' 108 107%
Canada Southern 3,000 83 81% 81%
Chesapeake & Ohio.... 1,S.>1 45% 4 J'2 44%
Chicago & Alton 600 36% 36Vi 36
Chicago & Alton pfd 200 77% 77U 77
Chicago Ind & Louis.. 1,700 41 40 40%
Chicago Ind & L pfd... 100 72% 72U 72*;
Chicago & Eastern HI 122
Chicago & Great West.. 2.000 22 '1?4 'IK.
Chicago & G W A pfd £4
Chicago & G W B pfd , [\\ m 41
Chicago & Northwestern 700 193% 192* 193U
Chicago R I & P. 703 141)% 140 14 y
Chicago Term & Trans. 100 20% 20% 20
Chicago Term & T pfd.. 600 3S% 2S% 38'A
CCC&StLoula 1,900 97% 95% 96
Colorado bouthern 200 13% 13% 13%
Colorado So 1st pfd 53
Colorado So 2d pfd 23
Beitwa^ Lc^i^v':: ..™ ?•* $f£
Denver & Rio Grande.. 600 43 \"'v, 4->ai
Denver '& Rio G pfd... l\
Erie ••••••••• 8.10D 39% 39% 39%
l& st Pf p d fd ..::::::::::: ]- m 6S * «* g«
Great Northern pfd 2,900 188% 185% 183
Hock ng Valley 100 52% 52% 52%
Hocking: Valley pfd.... 700 74 73% 73%
Illinois Central 300 144 143% 143%
Iowa Central 2.90O 41% 39 41
Iowa Central pfd 3.4D0 78% 73% 73%
Lake Erie & Western.. 1,500 69% 6S " 67
Lake Erie & West pfd 200 129 128 127
Louisville & Nashville.. 2,300 102% 1O1« 102
Manhattan L 6.500 119% us 118%
Metropolitan St Ry.... 1,300 158U. 157% 137%
Mexican Central 100 22% V>v. «f
Mexican National 2,009 14% 1374 13%
Minneapolis & St Louis 400 106 106 106
Missouri Pacific 3.500 94% M% 94%
Missouri Kansas & Tex 300 24% 24»i 24S4
Missouri Kan & T pfd 600 51 50% 50%
New Jersey Central 1(il^
New lork Central..... 400 155% vuil ic:
N^lkl^ 6^::: 24^ 4 WM
Northern Pa<-(8c 600 97 97" 97
Ontario & Western 1,100 32% 31% J914
Pennsylvania 4.300 . 144% 141 i««
reading 3,700 39% *9 39
Reading 1st pfd 7W 73 7* 7474
Reading 2(1 pfd Son 49S£ 49*4 497/
ft I^ouis *. Ran Fran... 1.200 42' 39V4 41 "*
Rt Louis ft S F 1st pfd. .... 78
St Louis k S F 2d pfd. 600 6S" hk" KM
Ft Louis Southwestern.. 300 27^ 27U 27U
PfLouiB S XV pfd 1.100 M% B7 B7
gt Paul 14.SOO 1.-.7V 155,4 i S5
St Paul pfd 700 185% 185 185
Southern Pacific 9.200 56 55% 65%
Southern Hallway 6,800 32% 31% ?,\$,
Southern Hallway pfd. 300 S5% R5% S3%
T«ai *\u25a0 Pacific 1.S00 40 39" ?,<)2
Toledo Pt E. to Wert 21
Toledo St L & W pfd.. 100 35% 35% 35
T'nlon Pacific 18,100 P6% ' 9r,% 95V.
T'ninn Pacific pfd 100 • *7 ; S7 87
Wnhart B.700 20 ' 19 : ' 19 •
W*tflFh pfd 6.500 ' Z7% 37*'.' 35%
Wheeling & Lake Krie.. „ '" 17 *
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd .... [•"\u25a0\u25a0) 28
Wisconsin Central 300 21 21* 20t,4
Wisconsin Central pfd.. . 300 41 41 1 40U
Kxnref? Companies — .
Adams .................... ..... .... 1R0
AmprV-sr. ;„]] "" j S <j
T*n(ted States , '.", 30
VVpIIs Fnreo '•..; • "*' ]cn
MI«.ce'lnneo-.:=— . "
AnulrfinaW Copper....' 34.SC0 S7% S6U Sfiii
Am Car ft Found ry 200 2R% 25% 25%
Am Car & Fnund-y nfd 400 81 81 J>1%
Aniertmn Linw-d Oil... . J7 •
Am lylnfAp^ oil pfd 100 4n% 4S14 45 *
Am Fmeltlne .«- Ref 4.100 41 4014 40*4
Am Sn-iPlt Fr Ref pfd.... ' T-00 96 9fi 9,%
Anaconda Mlnlnrr Co.... 1.7P0 3S*ft " 34U 33
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 47.900 6014 fi7U fi9%
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 1,100 S2 91 92
Consolidated Gas 800 215 215 214%
Continental Tobacco pfd 114
Onoral F.'.ectrlc SPO &t)% \u25a0 24W 24*
I Glucose Surar 400 4T»$4 4514 45
international Paper J0O 22 22' ' 21%
International P«rw-r pfd 100 75*4 7514 - 75U
Tntf-rrmtlonal Power 1.300 90% S8 fW»i
Tvwlede Gas 95
National Tlfscult fi 41%
National Lead W0 JSU iflii 19
National Fait WW 33 si'I
National Salt pfd 300 fiS fifiW %k
North Am-rlcan 400 94 93 9SU
ae !D c T 0 * 1 -" 4 - m 63^ wh 63
Pacific Mn.Il 1.200 43% 42 43%
People's Gas 2,500,104 102« . 103«
Preswfl Steel Car....... 100 • S8H ' 38%" 37%
Pressed Steel Car pfd ' 73
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— The same doubt and
hesitation regarding the future course of prices
was reflected in to-day's stock market as in
yesterday's. Speculation was listless and
apathetic and the sentiment of the small
traders, whose operations made up the market,
underwent many variations. Few active stocks
show any change of as much as a point, even
where the day's range was considerable. The
disposition was to 'close up contracts both on
the long and short side until the future course
of prices outlines itself mdre definitely. This
tendency was demonstrated in the response of
Brooklyn Transit and of Atchison to the specific
developments affecting them. The annual re
port of Brooklyn Transit which was published
after the close of the market last nicht was
interpreted unfavorably in all the current com
ment, especially in the disclosure that the
treasury bonds had been sold during the year.
Yet the stock promptly advanced and resisted
an attempt on the part of the professional
traders to deDress the price. The stock ad
vanced at one time 2%. showing the most con
spicuous strength in tne market. The increase
in the Atchison dividend rate, although con
fidently predicted in some quarters, had been
denied with equal confidence in others. In fact
the decision seems to have been discussed and
finally decided in the meeting itseif of the
directors. The attempt to advance the stock
on the announcement proved abortive, the ex
treme rise over last night reaching less than
a point. The doubt over the predicted advance
was due to the fact of the shortage In the
corn crop. Some of the other Southwestern
railroads were offered down sharply as though
to eniDhasize this view. The estimate of the
year's wheat crop in an agricultural periodical,
placing it at a record figure of 100,000,000 bushels
for Kansas alone, was an opportune offset to
this contention. The election of an additional
Standard Oil representative to the Union Pa
cinc beard .of directors was a verification of
another bull prediction. But the bull party
hesitated to take up the speculation for an
advance, owing to the danger that money flur
ries may still Intervene before the interior
movement of currency terminates. Sterling ex
change was notably strong to-day on an active
demand, demand sterling fairly touching $4 h6.
This Is more than a cent in the pound sterling
above the gold Import point. Sugar and Amal
gamated Copper, which continued active, drift
ed rather uncertainly, but with a firm under
tone. Norfolk & Western was bid up nearly
2 points at one time on : the assumption that
recent accumulation of the stock was for ac
count of Pennsylvania interests. The stock
closed irregular.
There was a. sharp break in Wabash De
benture B bonds. The market otherwise was
rather dull and Irregular. Total gales par
value. S2.S4O.00O.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
ness Thursday; light northerly winds, changing
to fresh westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
In the face of such declines, and considering
the concentration of holdings, bear attacks
uj«cn railroad securities are likely to be made
with some caution. It remains to be seen
whether the railroad section of the market has
fully discounted the injury to corn and any
possible trade reaction or not. It is well to
remember that Wall street is In the habit of
anticipating such movements, so that when the
results appear the effects are practically nil.
A Wall street authority says: In many re
ppects it is fortunate that the market has
been In control of strong hands. Losses have
been gradual and more widely scattered than
had the decline been unrestrained and the
market left to the tender mercies of the bears.
The extent of the decline is perhaps greater
than realized — from 15 to 30 points on many of
the active stocks. Compared with the highest
prices made last spring the declines which have
taken place are as follows:
Atchison 15 1 Erie 1st pfd 4
Bait. & Ohio 14: M., K. & T. pfd 16
B R T CSi Mo. Pacific 3'J
C' & O 7 N. Y. Central ...14
C. M. & S. P 2S] Norfolk & W 4
Ch & Xorthwestem.12] Pennsylvania 17
Ch'., R. L & P S5| Reading 8
D & H 201 Southern Pacific 7
T)., L. & W. 24 Union Pacific 37
Erie 5 1
The Decline in Railroad Stocks.
POTATOES— 60@90c in sacks for Burbanks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks. $1100135;
River .Reds, $1 50@l 60; Sweets, 40@50c for
Rivers and 90@95c for Merced.
ONIONS-90c@$l 20 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60
@75c per ctl. r
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l@2%c for Gar
den; String- Beans, 2@2%c; Limas, l%@2 1 /4c;-
Cabbage. 60@75c per ctl; Tomatoes from the
river. ; from Alameda, 25@40c; Dried Pep
pers. 10@12%c; Green Okra. 50@75c per box;
Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Cucumbers. 30@50c;
Pickles, 2%@3c per lb for small and l@l%c for
large; Garlic, 2@2%c; Green Peppers, 30@50c
per box for Chile and 30@40c for Bell ; Egg
Plant, 40<g50c per box; Green Corn. 40050c per
sack; Alameda. 50@75c per crate; Berkeley, 50
@75c; Summer Squash. - 40@65c; Marrowfat
Squash, $8@10 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $10.
The only thing new in Potatoes was the ar
rival of two cars of Merced ' Sweets, which
sold at a slight decline.
Onions were steady, "with a small advance In
the top quotation. 1
The summer Vegetables continue steady and
prices are, slowly rising as the season draws
to a close! \u25a0 \u25a0 ' .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk,
13%c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 19%c; Astral, 19%c;
Star,. 19%c; Extra Star, 23%c; Elaine. 24%c;
Eocene. 21%c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 15c; in cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c;
in cases, 20c; S6-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 20c;
In cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon in cases and
52c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 4.90c; Pow
dered, 4.75c; Candy Granulated, 4.75c; Dry
Granulated, 4.65c; Confectioners' A, 4.65c: Fruit
Granulated. 4.65c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only), 4.43c; Magnolia A, 4.25c; Extra C. 4.15c;
Golden C, 4.05c; D, 3.95c; barrels, 10c more;
half -barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos. half
barrels, 5.15c; boxes, 5.40c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
Receipts of Produce.
*GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c; local
make. He less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c; Fruit Bags, 5%@
6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wall send,
$9; Cumberland, $12 50 In bulk and $13 75 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $15; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rdcky Mountain descriptions, $3 45
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand *
'OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled,
74c; raw, 72c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases, 90c;
China Nut, 5o@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil, in barrels, 37%c; cases, 42%c; Cocoa
nut Oil. barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 58%c for
Australian.
General Merchandise.
There were few changes In Beans, the feel-
Ing being weak In most kinds. '
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 65; Small White,
$3 50; Large White, ?2 40@2 60; Pea, »3<gi4; Pink,
$2 40@2 55; Red, ; Blackeye, $3 30@3 50; Li
mas, $4 50@4 75; Red Kidney, $3 60 per ctl.
\u25a0 SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3@3 50; Yellow
Mustard. $3 35@3 50; Flax. $2 65@3 25; Canary,
3M.@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
1%©)1%c: Hemp. 3%c per lb. /
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 75@1 90; Green, $1 75
@2 per, ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Grapes— Tokays, single crates, $1 10@l 60, av
erage $1 36; Clusters, single crates, $1 65@1 96,
average $178; Muscats, single, crates, 75c@$l,
average S9c. Prunes— Italians, single crates,
$1 15@1 35, average $1 20; Silvers, single crates,
$1 25. Peaches—^always, boxes, 50@75c, average
58c. Pears— Winter Nellis, boxes, $1 65@2 10, av
erage $1 6G; P. Barry, boxes, $2 15; Forelle, sin
gle crates, 85c!g$l 05, average 98c; Pomegran
ates, single crates, $1 OSiSl 75, average $1 47.
Weather dry and favorable. Twelve cars sold
to-day. - - \u25a0
CHICAGO. Oct. 9.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction here to-day at
the following prices: -
Grapes— Malagas, single crates, U@l 30, aver
age $1 13; Tokays, single crates, $1 05@l 10, av
erage SI CO; Muscats, single crates, 85@ 90c, av
erage S7c; quarter crates, 60c.-. Pears— B. Clair
geau. boxes. $1 60@2 15. average $2 05; Winter
Nellls, boxes, $1 90@2 10, average $1 97. Nine
cars sold to-day. Weather muggy.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Oct. 9.— The Earl Fruit
Company realized the following prices for Cali
fornia fruit sold at auction here to-day: Grapes
—Tokays, .single crates, $1 35@1 60, average
$1 43. One car sold to-day. Weather favorable.
BOSTON, Oct. 9.— The Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit at auction to-day are
as follows: Grapes — Tokays, single crates, $1 30
@1 90, average $1 71; Muscats, single crates, $1@
1 40, average $1 27. Peaches— Salways, boxes,
CJQSCc, average 71c. Four cars sold to-day.
Weather favorable.
P. Barrys, $1 55@1 83, average $1 7S; Winter
Nellls, $2 05; Diels, $1 65; Cornice, 85c; E.
Buerre, $1; pears, $1 25; quinces, $1 52@1 70, av
erage $128; Tokays, . $1 45@1 55. average $148;
Muscats. 80@85c, average 81c; Cornlchons, $1 90.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for California
fruit sold at auction to-day:
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— Porter Bros.' Company
sold California fruit to-day:
Car from San Jose :— Tokays, $1 45@1 80, aver
age %\ 47; Morocco, $1 20; Muscats, Jl 05. Part
car.
CHICAGO, Oct. 9.— Porter Bros.' Company
sold California fruit to-day:
California Fruit Sales.
There is no further change In any descrip
tion. The packers are bi#ing Hogs at the top
quotation. *£
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6®6%.c for % Steers and 5@5%c per lb
for Cow3.
VEAL— Large, 7%@8%c; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%@7c; Ewes, 6@6%c per
pound.
LAMB— 7@8c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 230 lbs and under. 6c; over
230 lbs, 5%@5%c; feeders, ; bows, 20 per
cent oft; boars, 30 per cent off, and stags, 4d
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7%@9c
San Francisco Meat Market.
The Hay market was reported lively again
at previous prices. Oilcake Meal and Cocoanut
Cake are higher.
BRAN-$20@20 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21 50@22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, ?27@28; Jobbing
$28 50@29;' Cocoanut Cake, ?20@21; Corn Meal.
$34@34 50; Cracked Corn, $34 50@35; Mixed Feed,
$18@19.
HAY— Wheat, $7 50@10; Choice, $10 50@ll;
Wheat and Oat, $7 50@10 50; Oat. $7 50@9; Bar
ley and Oat, $6 50@8 50; Alfalfa, $8@10 50;- Clo
ver. $5 50@7; Volunteer. ?5@7; Stock, $5@6 per
°STRAW— 25@«%c per bale."""
Hay and Feedstuff y.
Sterling Exchange rather firmer. Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures weaker again. Barley dull.
Oats firm. Corn neglected and nominal. \y'
World's Rye crop shores a decrease.
Hay selling off well.
Beans continue weak and unsettled.
Butter firm. Cheese steady. Eggs firm hut slow.
Fresh Mexican Limes on the market.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Provisions unsettled at Chicago.
No further cliange in Meats.
OH Cake Meal and Cocoanut Cake marked up.
Fresh Limes on the market.
Cranberries in keen demand and rising.
Grapes in lighter supply and higher.
Sweet Potatoes weaker. Other Potatoes unchanged.
Onions and Vegetables steady.
Poultry in free supply and zveak. Game lower.
Local stocks and bonds firm.
Foreign Futures.
\u25a0 . : LIVERPOOL.
"Wheat— , • Dec. March.
Opening I.... 5 7% 5 b%
Closing 5 6% 5 8%
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 2120 22 20 -
Closing 2115 22 05
Flour— /
Opening 27 15 ; 28 15
Closing 2710 28 10
Pullman Palace Car '. . 215
Republic St«el 600 14% 14Vi 14%
Republic Steel pfd 64U
£ u Sar u j0 00 115% 113% 115%
Tenn Coal & Iron... 700 GS% 58 5SV£
Union Bag & Paper Co. " 15 *
Union Bag & P Co pfd. 100 70 70 67
United States Leather... 1,900 12 11% 11%
U S Leather pfd 600 79% 79V& 79%
United States Rubber... 600 WA 14y 8 H'/i
U S Rubber pfd .... 48
United States Steel 9,900 42% 42% 42%
U S Steel pfd 5.S00 93>4, 92% 92%
Western Union .'. 1,000 90% 90% 90V4
Total shares sold 350,300
CLOSING BONDS. ,
U S ref 2s. rec-....109 iL & N unified 4s.. 101%
Do 2s, coupon.... 109 ;Mex Cent 4s SoVa
Do 3s, ree 107%! Do 1st inc 30
Do 3s, coupon 108 I Minn & St L, 4s... 103
De new 4s, reg..l3S%:M. K & Tex' 4s.... 98%
Do new 4s, c*oup.l38% Do 2ds ...80
Do old 4s, reg...H2 NY Cent lsts..... 105%
Do old 4s, coup. 112 Do gen 3%s ....108%
Do 5s 4 reg 107%|N J C sen 5s 130%
Do 5s, coupon... .107% Nor Pac 4s 104%
Atch iren 4s 102% Do 3s :. 72%
Do adj 4s 97% Nor & W con 4s... 101%
Bal & Ohio 4s ....102 Read Gen 4s 95%
Do 3%s 95% S L & I M con 6s. 115%
Do conv 4s 105% St Louis & S F 4s. 95
Can So 2ds 107 jSt Louis S lsts.... 98%
Central of Ga 5s.. .106%! Do 2ds 77%
Do 1st inc : 73 !S A & A Pass 4s.. 85
Ches & Ohio 4%s...lO7 iSo Pac 4s 91%
Chi & Alton 3%s... 84%|So Railway 5s 117%
C, B & Q new 4s.. 97% Tex & Pac lsts....llSV4
C. M & S P gn 4s.llO%'T. St L & W 4s... 81
Chi & N con 7s... 139% j Union Pacific 4s.. ..104%
C. R I & Pac 4s.. 3 10«vil Do conv 4a 105%
C, C, C & S L gn 4slO3 Wabash lsts 119Vi
Chi Term 4s S3 Do 2ds 110
Colo So 4s 87% Do deb B 56%
Den & R G 4s 101% West Shore 4s ....112%
Erie prior lien 4s. 97% W & L Erie 4s.... 90
Erie Gen 4s 87% Wis Cent 4s 88
F W & D C lsts... 103 !Con Tobacco 4s.... 64%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO6 |
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 12
Alice 60 Ontario 11 09
Breece 1 40 Ophir 70
Brunswick Con 07'Phoenlx C6
Comstock Tunnel.. 06. Potosi 04
Con Cal & Va 1 60 Savage 06
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada 12
Horn Silver 1 80 Small Hopes 43
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 60
Leadville Con 06
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific 95%
Call loans 3%@4% West End 93
Time loans 4 @5 Westlnghouse El.. 70
Stocks— - Bonds—
A T & S F 76% Atchison 4s 99%
A T & S F pfd... 95% N E Gas&Coke 5s. 51%
American Sugar.. .115 Mining Shares —
Am Telephone 157% Adventure 23%
Boston & Albany.. 257 Bingham Hin Co.. 29
Boston Elevated... 169 Amalg Copper 86%
Eoston & Maine... 192% Atlantic 32
Dominion Coal 114 Calumet & Kecla..65O
Dom Coal pfd 117% Franklin 17
Federal Steel 42% Humboldt 10
Federal Steel pfd.. 92% Osceola 96%
Fitchburg- i>fd 141! Parrot _ 39%
General Electric. .249% Quincy 160
Mexican Central... 22 Santa Fe Copper.. 5
N E Gas &; Coke. 5% Tamarack 2S7
Old Colony 206% Utah Mining 23%
Old Dominion 26% Winona 2%
Rubber 14 IWolverines 5S%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14@21%c; dair
ies, 13©19e. Cheese, steady; 9%@10?4c. Eggs,
firm; fresh, 17%c.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to \u25a0 the trade; \u25a0 Graham
Flour, $3 oer 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal,- $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, $4
®4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
"Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
in sacks, ?6 50(g8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, 16 50 per 100 lbs. >/<
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel . for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Articles — • • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels'.. : :- 51.000- 25.000
"Wheat, bushels .\ 266.0C0 320.000
Corn, bushels '...294.000 134,000
Oats, bushels 259,000 ~ 208,000
Rye. bushels 1.000 1,000
Barley, bushels 59,000 1.000
9V-C for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c; Salted
Kip 9%c; Salted Veal, lCc; Salted Calf. .10©
10%c- Dry Hides, 16@16%c; Culls. 14c; Dry Kip,
16c- Dry Calf, ISc; Culls and Brands, 15c.
Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c each; short Wool,
40(360= each- medium. 50<@75c: Ions Wool, 90c©
SI 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50@2 75 for
large and $2@2 25 for medium, $1 75 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large Jl 25@1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or
thin 'skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras,
75c; la^se and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— Refined. 6%c; No. I rendered, 5©
5V'C»per lb; No. 2, 4@4Vic; grease. 3c.
WOOL— Spring-, 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive 7 months, 7@Sc; Oregon Valley fine. 11(3
15c- do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do. fair to good. 9@
lie; Nevada, 10@12c. . I
Fall— San Joaquin, 6%@S%c; San Joaquin
Lambs' 7^«@9c; Middle County, 8@10e; North
ern Mountain, free, 9@llc; do. defective, SiffJc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and ll@14c per lb for
good to choice.
for •White, $162% for Yellow and U*7%@1 60
for mixed. .-.-.--"•..
RYE-75@77'ic per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT,— Nominal; none in'flrst hands.
(boxed), 7%@7%c: short ! clear ; sides (boxed),
$S 75@8 80; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; THURSDAY, Qc3tOB]ER 10, 1»oi.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
10
Allvllvm DAL&jD
s| AUCTION SALE, p
To Close an Estate.
Fifteen fine road horses., including^ several
with fast records: pneumatfc and rubber tired
bussie9. phaetons, road carts, two and four
horse sand wagons, two and four horae Fresno
fit eumulete stoves, crowbars, two dozen plena
October 9, 1901.
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 10. 1901.
at 11 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
71-723 Howard St.. San Francisco.
WTLLJAM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.True philosophy consists of not wanting
the things -you can't get. \u25a0
Friends of George W. Fletcher, general
agent of the Southern Pacific Company,
were grieved yesterday to learn of the
death of his eldest daughter, Margaret,
aged 15 years. She was taken ill with a
cold a few days ago, an abscess formed
In her ear and the result waft fatal. .
Death, of Miss Margaret Fletcher.
For side rides to points, on the Santa F«.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
and holders of nine months' - excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10 inclusive. . Limit 30 days.
For time tables, descriptive literature and
full information call at Santa Fe offices,
(ill Market st., and ferry depot.
Special Bates
Peter Johnston, who was charged with
participating in the riot at Market and
Kearny streets and pleaded guilty before
Judge Fritz Tuesday, appeared for sen
tence yesterday. In view of his plea the
Judge sentenced him to three months in
the County Jail. The cases of the other
four defendants, who have demanded a
trial by Jury, were continued for a week
to be set.
Rioter Gets Three Months.
John Oberhaus of B16V4 Ninth street has
been missing since last Monday. He is a
member of the Stevedores' Union and the
Teamsters' Union. It is feared that he
has met with- foul. play. He took with
him his teamster's apron and whip, in
tending to apply for re-employment.
Teamster Oberhaus Missing.
CROCKETT, Oct. 9.— William Casey of
Port Costa died suddenly to-day; He was
but 30 years of age and one of the most
popular young: men in the county. . . He
was a member of the Ancient Order of
Hibernians No. 1 of Vallejo, Young Men's
Institute. Council No. 86 of Port Costa an'J
the Riggers' and Stevedores' Union. • It
has been arranged to have the funeral in
Holy Cross Cemetery and the cortege will
leave Port Costa on the 7:30 a. m. train
on Friday for San Francisco; A solemn
requiem mass will be held in St. Patrick's
Church on Mission street. Mr. Casey waa
a native of Ireland. \u25a0 . » \u25a0 \u25a0
William Casey.
Mrs. Craven Charges Bias.
An affidavit made by Nettie R. Craven
was filed yesterday protesting against the
assignment of the second trial of her
contest to prove the validity of the al
leged Fair deeds to Judge Troutt's court.
She claims that Judge Troutt has ex
pressed and publicly declared his fixed
opinion that the deeds are not genuine.
Stewart Menzies' Will Filed.
The will" of Stewart Menzies. the well
known stevedore, who died on the 25th
ult., was filed at the County Clerk's office
yesterday. The document, which is holo
graphic and was executed in 1888, disposes
of an estate of real and personal property
valued at $40,000. . \u25a0 .- .•
By the terms of the will the entire
estate, with the exception of a bequest of
$2000 to Miss Mary Martin, is left to Miss
Sarah Menzies and Mrs. Agnes Last, his
daughters. His two children are also
named as executrices, to serve without
bonds.
A meeting of the Board of Fish Com
missioners will be held to-morrow to se
lect a successor to Chief Deputy Babcock,
who resigns his position to accept a more
Important one under the Canaflian Gov
ernment, i ,"\u25a0-..
Will Meet to Fill Vacancy.
Miss Adams expressed her pleasure at
the result of the trial to her friends and
to the attorneys for the defense, Messrs.
Snook, Church and McConaghy. She left
the courtroom as soon as she had bidden
her father good-by. At only one time did
she exhibit any emotion and that was
when Judge Melvin charged the jurymen
that if they found Adams guilty of mur
der in 'the first degree without a recom
mendation of punishment he must fix the
penalty at death. The word "death"
caused her to give a momentary shudder.
The sudden and unexpected concluslrt'n
of the case was brought about through
the announcement of District Attorney
Allen that he had no testimony to off ar
in rebuttal and was willing to submit it
without argument. This offer occurred
shortly before the noon' hour when the
cross-examination of Dr. F. W. Hatch,
produced by the defense, was finished by
•Prosecutor Allenl The defense announced
that it had no more testimony. to offer. and
Prosecutor Allen then said the case was
this court.' His trial for insanity will be
set to-morrow morning in this court."
During the proceedings no emotion was
manifested by Adams or Miss Agnes S.
Adams, his daughter. In fact, the possi
bility of any other verdict did not seem
possible to the people who have watched
the case. Upon its announcement there,
was a hum of approval from all sides.
Adams did not change his attitude of de
jection at any time until after the ver
dict was announced. Then he caressed
his daughter. As he was returning to the
County Jail with the Sheriff he met Dis
trict Attorney Allen in the corridor of ths
courthouse and congratulated him upon
his able prosecution of the case.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 9.— George Cressy,
cashier of the Bonk of Modesto at Mo
desto, waa married to Miss Genevleve
Evans, daughter of Mrs. Kate Evans, to
day at the residence of Major W. A- Coul
ter. Only the immediate relatives were
present. Rev. Burt Estes j Howard, - a
member of the Stanford faculty and pas
tor of the Unitarian Church here, per
formed the ceremony. After the service
a wedding breakfast was served. Mr. and
Mrs. Cressy left on an afternoon train
for San Francisco, where they will spend
their honeymoon. Both the bride and
groom are graduates of Stanford. They
will reside in Modesto.
Stanford Graduates Wed.
The verdict was then handed by the
foreman to Clerk Baker, who read It
aloud. The jury was polled and each of
the members .announced his concurrence
in the verdict.
"Such being the result of the jury's de
liberations'," said Judge Melvin, "I hereby
order the defendant absolved from the
charge of murder. However, I direct the
Sheriff to hold Adams in custody until the
matter of his sanity Is passed upon by
#4^H"1"1"I»1"1"I-I"I"I"1"I"1":-!"1"!"]"I"I"I"I-
"Gentlemen, have you agreed upon a,
verdict?" asked Judge Melvin when the
jurymen filed Into the courtroom.
"We have, your Honor," replied Fore
man White: "we find the defendant not.
guilty."
OAKLAND, Oct. 9.— "We, the jury,
find the defendant not guilty by
reason of insanity."
Such was the verdict rendered
this afternoon by the jury In the case of
Charles G. Adams, the unfrocked Episco
pal clergyman, who shot and killed Dr.
JohnG. Jessup June 17 last in Berkeley.
The verdict was the result of twenty-five
minutes' deliberation, during which there
was a unanimous ' expression of opinion
among the Jurymen that the prisoner was
insane at the time of the fatal shooting. •
Two ballots were taken during the in
terval from 2:50 o'clock, when Judge Mel
vin finished his charge to the jury, and
3:15 o'clock, when Foreman J. J. White
announced the finding of the verdict.
The Cooks' Association of the Pacific
Coast at its meeting Tuesday night elect
ed Charles Grimm as director to fill a va
cancy on the board. The association Is
completing arrangements for an enter
tainment and smoker, to be held in the
near future. Also plans are being laid
for the issuance about December 1 of
something entirely new for 1902, modeled
on last year's Culinary Review.
Cooks to Give a Smoker.
At the close of the day the tally reports
from each hatch were turned into the of
lice. The difference between the two
hatches did not amount to very much,
but it was the grand total which raised
all the excitement in Chandler's office.
The big collier had been almost entirely
discharged. And the Mackinaw's stay in
port will be reduced by at least two days.
The work began as on ordinary occa
sions, but as bucket after bucket rose into
the air 'with unusually short intervals be
tween and with marvelous regularity,
people in the neighborhood realized that
something more than coal dust was in
the air.
A competition between union and non
union labor held yesterday during the dis
charging of the collier Mackinaw has set
employers of coal-heavers talking. The
gang delegated by Chandler & Co. to dis
charge the collier was composed of union
and non-union mon. The union men re
fused to associate with the others, but ac
cepted a compromise whereby the non
union men were relegated to one hatch
and the members of the union to another.
"Here's our chance to show the boss
what we can do," said the non-union men.
"Here's where we put it all over these
'scabs.' said the others, "and here's
where we make ourselves good and solid
with the old man."
XTN1ON VERSUS NON-UNION.
The Metal Trades Association at its
meeting yesterday adopted a set of rules
prepared by the executive committee to
be posted in all the shops for the regula
tion of certain questions of hours and
wages and the relations of union and non
union workmen. The rules are as follows:
Every workman employed in this shop will
be required to work peaceably and harmonious
ly with his fellow workmen.
Ten hours between 7 a. m. and 6 p. m. will
lie understood as constituting a full day's work
in this shop, and no rates for overtime shall
take effect until after 6 p. m., except upon
Sundays or legal holidays.
Workmen will be paid by the hourly rate.
NEW EULES ARE POSTED
IN THE MACHINE SHOPS
The friends o'f D. J. Tobin, familiarly
known as "Tobey," will be pleased to
learn that he has been nominated for Al
derman of New York City by Tammany..
Tobin was at one time proprietor of a
saloon at 218 Post street in this city, now
owned by "Billy" Lyons. He was very
popular and made hosts of friends. A
ccRection of photographs of well known
theatrical people was an attractive fea
ture of the place. : i"'l',i - ,
Colonel Martin Brady received the fol
lowing telegram last evening from Tobin:
"Received Tammany nomination to-day
for Alderman In New York. TOBEY."
Nominated for New York Alderman.
the Palaxe. Wood is the man who refused
to give up the keys to the vaults con
taining the gold dust which the Circuit
Court ordered turned over to the Pioneer
Mining Company, from which concern it
was taken by 'he members of the "Nome
Federal ring."
Joseph K. yVood. United States District
Attorney at Nome, Alaska, who has been
cited by the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals to ehow cause why he should
r.ot be punished for contempt in connec
tion with the notorious McKenzie deal,
arrived here last night and registered at
District Attorney Wood Arrives.
Arrangements for the nine days' fair to
be held by the San Francisco Turn Ve
rein at S23 Turk street, commencing Octo
ber 26, are nearly completed, and the
indications are that the affair will be a
decided success.
For several weeks past a. corps o£ scene
painters has been at work preparing:
scenery to be used in transforming the
Verein hall into a veritable German vil
lage. One room will be painted in imita
tion of the celebrated Munchner Hofbrau
haus, and a hundred young madel, or
maidens, will nightly serve refreshments
here. Another room will represent the St.
Pauli of Hamburg, a sort of German mid
way, where games of all sorts, as well as
sports, will b?. provided for tlia amuse
ment of visitors.
The main hall will be a German village,
containing a courthouse, jail, postofflce.
fish pond and other features. The stage
.will represent, a wine garden. These
scenes will be rendered realistic by the
appearance of 120 young girls and men In
old German costumes. The proceeds will
be devoted to the Verein benefit fund.
TURN VEBEIN WTLX
HOLD A NOVEL FAIB
- The Justices of the Supreme Court leave
Saturday for a two weeks' session at Los
Angeles. The cases considered at that
time will be those affecting the southern
part of- the State.
In the present case it is not denied by the
defendant that he fired the pistol by which
the deceased was slain, but he claims, first,
that it was necessary in self defense, and to
repel a violent attack which the deceased was
then making upon him; second, that at the
time the fatal shot was fired the defendant
was so far disordered in his mind, .his reason
so far dethroned, that he is not responsible to
the law for his act.
If is. claimed by the defense that by reason
of the Ions continued indulgence in intoxi
cants th« defendant, at the time he killed Dr.
Jessup, had reached that stage of chronic al
coholism where his brain was permanently
diseased and where the victim was rendered
Incapable of distinguishing right from wrong,
and where permanent general insanity had re
sulted. You are Instructed that a sane man
who voluntarily drinks and becomes intoxi
cated Is not\ excused of unlawful acts which
in his sober senses he would have avoided.
However, on the other hand, if one by reason
of long continued indulgence in intoxicants
l^as reached that stage of chronic alcoholism
where permanent general insanity has result
ed then in such a case he is no more legally
responsible for his acts ; than would be the man
congenltally ! insane, or Insane from violent
Injury to the brain. Therefore you are in
structed, if you find that the defendant.
Charles G. Adams, at the time of thla fatal
shooting was the victim of chronic alcohol
ism and irresponsible, then you must find
him not guilty. ' '. .
You are further instructed that if you find
that the deceased was slain by the defend
ant while he was manifestly endeavoring to
enter the defendant's house and doing so "in
a forcible manner and that the fatal shot
was fired to prevent the deceased from car
rying into execution his purpose, then it is
your duty to flrtH him not .guilty. When a
man is atttacked i in his own house he is not
bound to retreat from it. He stands at bay
and may turn and kill his -assailant If it Is
necessary to save his own life. In this sense,
and in this sense alone, are we to understand
the maxim that every man's house is his
castle. An assailed person — so we may para
phrase the maxim— is not bound to retreat out
of his own house to avoid violence, even
though a retreat may be safely made.
The jurors who sat in the Adams case
were L. Linekin, Calvin B. "White. C. B.
Harmon, Albert Blstorious, John Madden,
P. Quinlan, James McGivney, P. J. Dele
hanty, M. G. Sturtevant, M. Hanley,
Thomas JVhite and J. J. White.
Supreme Court Croes;to Los Angeles.
finished as far as he was concerned. Then
came the agreement not to introduce ar
gument.
Judge Melvin dismissed the jury until
after the noon recess, when he gave his
instructions, both oral and written. The
charge to the Jury occupied more than an
hour, and in part was as follows: »
Oil Company Cases Concluded.
TVASHrXGTON, Oct. 9.— The hearing of
the cases of the Kern Oil Company and
the Gray Eagle Company against O. W.
Clarke. Involving immensely valuable
iands In California, was concluded before
Assistant Attorno-y General Vandeventer
io-day. L«eave was granted for the filing
of additional briefs within thirty days.
t
CHARLES G. ADAMS, WHO HAS
BEEN ACQUITTED OF THE MUR
DER OF JOHN G. JESSUP.
The attention of the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals was absorbed yes
terday in an argument by counsel in two
cases appealed from the United States
Circuit Court at Moscow. Idaho. -The
cases were titled The Empire State Idaho
Mining: and Developing Company and The
Last Chance Mining Company vs. The
Bunker Hill and Sullivan Mining and
Concentrating Company, two cases, and
The Bunker Hill and Sullivan Mining and
Concentrating Company vs. The Empire
State Idaho Mining and Developing Com
pany and the Last Chance Mining Com
pany. W. B. Heyburn appeared for the
appellants and . Curtis H. Lindley and
John A. McBride for the appellees. • The
argument was of . a technical character,
the dispute being a conflict of end line
claims in the underground works.
Judges Gilbert, Morrow and Hawley oc
cupied the bench. The matter was sub
mitted. .
Important Litigation in Idaho Prop
erties Before the United States
Circuit Appeal Court.. .
ETJNKEB HILL MINING'.
. • CASES ON ARGUMENT
Proves the Surprise in an Ordinary
Day's Sport at the Los An
geles Meeting.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 9.— An ordinary
card brought out a small attendance at
Agricultural Park to-day. One harness
event, one walkover for the Orange Belt
handicap and four other running races
with small fields made up th.j programme.
Thomas R had no trouble In taking the
2:17 trot in straight heats. Eonlc walked
over for the mile handicap. Carnejo and
Kastaine were favorites in their respec
tive races and wen cleverly. Queen Es
ther was the surprise at 1j to 1. Weather
fine; track good. Summary:
2:17 trotting, purse $TCO:
Thomas R. Ivan Alto by Nutwood (Sul
ltvan) 1 1 1
Grace McK (Maben) 2 2 2
Dan \V (Albertson) 3 3 3
"What Is It (McDonald) 3 3 3
Time. 2:W,i. 2:t6U. 2:17.
Orange Belt handicap, one mile— Walkover
for Eonie.
Five furlongs — Queen Esther. Ill (Romero).
13 to 1. won; Barbara. 1C0 (Ransch). 3 to 2.
second; JIaf eking. 100 (See), 2'^ to 1. third.
Time. 1:02. Flandes, Yuca and For Freedom
also ran.
Six and a half furlonss. selling — Canejo. 104
(Hoar). 7 to 10. won: Torihio, 104 (McCarty).
3 to 2. second; Wardman. 107 (Ransch). 2Vj to
1, third. Time. l:21'i. Albuquerque also ran.
Mile and a sixteenth— Kastaine. 110 (Mc-
Carty). 8 to 3. won; Rixford. 90 (Romero). *
to 5. second: Grady. ICO (Hoar). 2 to 1. third.
Time, l:4S^i. Joe Hock, Game Warden, Finesse
and Abano also ran.
Five and. a half furlongs— El Rey. 106
(Ftarsch), 2«i to 1. won; Miss Dividend, lit
(See). 4 to 1, second: Heraldo, 102 (Hoar). 3>4
to 1, third. Time, 1:09. Gilt Edge, Forktord,
Lou Clieveden and Gold Baron also ran.
QUEEN ESTHER WINS
AT ODDS OF 15 TO 1
movement lias Increased the general interest in
'oreifrn missions, end the women's boards have
feared in the rtsult cf this increase.
The increased contributions of. these churches
have not Involved a reduction in the contribu
tions to the worn.in's boards. The forward
:aken a. mar. and his wife. t?even other church
f-s have given equivalent of salaries, either for
a special object or for the general cause. Dur
ing the year preceding the committee's appeal
to these eighty-nin* churches they gave to the
board S23.GC0. The •. „;.:! pledges secured
through the ajrency cf the committee were
555.CS0, an increase of 179 r>?r cent. Fifty-four
churches were interested in the forward move
ment prior to the close of the fiscal year end
ing August 31. 1900.
The active work of th<? committee covers
about two and a half years. During this time
missionary salar>s have been assumed by
<^.irhty-two churrh<»R and thre«» individuals: 1C5
salaries In al!. as a number of churches have
The forward movement report was pre
sented by Lucien CL Warner of New York,
chairman of the advisory committee. He
said:
of the settlement that has been reached at
Peking. Missionary work, so far from being
the cause of outbreak, is proving itse'f the
most helpful agency for the re-establishment
of peace and national unity.
The period since the raising cf the siege of
Peking has been marked by various incidents:
The ujiEFionary board on the ground has acted
with calmness, foresight and great prudence;
*he situation has demanded statesmanship.
; atlenee and tact and these qualities have not
been wanting; so far as possible missionary
wori has been re&umed. schools opened and
rdlgrlous serviO mEtntained at Peking, Tien
tsin and Paotlng-Fu. and now the way is
""•pen for vlrits to Peng Chung and Li Chiang,
Tung Pc and Kalgan.
One of the most interesting points of the
eport was Its reference to work In China.
t said:
HARTFORD. Conn.. Oct. ft.— The Rev.
Dr. James L. Barton, foreign secretary of
the American Beard of Missions, reported
to-day that the indemnities from the
Turkish empire from losses during the
massacre of 1S95-96 only await formalities
to be distributed to the several claimants.
MANILA, Oct. 9.— General Smith sailed
from here to-'Jay for the relief of the
island of Samar. He will take command
of Samar and Leyte so as to enable Gen
eral Hughes to devote himself to the isl
and of Cebu, where trouble is possible unJ
less strong measures are adopted. General
Smith will be accompanied by a battalion
of the Seventh Infantry, who are anxious
to avenge the disaster to Company C of
the Ninth Infantry. Further accounts
from Samar received here show that hor
rible indignities were perpetrated on the
dead bodies.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 9.-The War De
partment has received the following re
port from General Chaffee, giving a list
of deaths occurring in the Philippines
since his last report:
Dysentery— Joe Watson, Ninth Cavalry, Au
gust 11; Martin O. Stephenson, Twenty-sixth
Infantry, August 2; James L. Ross, Twenty
tourth Infantry, August T; James L. Nolen,
hospital corps. August 12; Otto H. Meltz. Ninth
Infantry. August 4; John W. Maul. Twentieth
Infantry, August 10; William McMillan, hos
pital corps, August 12; Fred A. Jones, First
Cavalry. August 10; Carl Dupont. Twenty-first
Infantry, July 20; John Blue, sergeant. Ninth
Cavxlry. August 12: John F. Boyle, sixteenth
Infantry, August 15; Fred Booker, corporal.
Ninth Cavalry, August 15; John Colline, Fifth
Infantry, August' 17; Henry Fricks, Twelfth
Infantry* August 21; Grant Greenberry, Twen
ty-fifth Infantry. August 3: William Hutchin
fon, sergeant. Eighth Infantry. August 12;
William T. Johnson, corporal. Twelfth Battery,
August 13; Irvin Pcnn, Twenty-fifth Infantry,
August 16; A. Valliere, Sixteenth Infantry, Au
gust 24; Gust Anderson, sergeant. Twenty
second Infantry, August 26. *
Typhoid fever— Henry Dowd, Twenty-sixth
Infantry, August 4; Joseph Schwing, band.
Twenty-first Infantry, June 14; Morton W.
Knight, corporal. Thirtieth Infantry. August 5.
Drowned, body recovered — William Willine
ham. Twenty-fifth Infantry, August 10; Rob
ert Griffith, corporal, Fifth Infantry, August
13.
Suicide — William Owens, sergeant. Ninth Cav
alry. August 9; Lewis Richards. Eighteenth In
fantry, July 21; Frank Traxel, Sixth Cavalry,
August 3.
Malarial fever— William B. Kron, corporal,
Twenty-eixth Infantry, August 4; Francis B.
Merchant. Fifth Infantry, August 22.
Kesult of gunshot wound in action — Delbert
Gregory, sergeant, Twenty-first Infantry.
July 3.
Concussion of the brain due to fall while
intoxicated— Edgar F. lOckman, musician. Fif
teenth Infantry, July IS.
Murdered by natives while absent without
leave— James M. Sea!, Twentieth Infantry. Oc
tober 2.
Fracture of skill, fell from wagon — Thomas
Wallace, Sixth Infantry. August 2.
Delirium tremens — Merritt C. Herrington,
sergeant, Thirtieth Infantry, August 23.
Pneumonia— John Lynch, First Cavalry,
June 11.
Diseases of liver — John W. O'Brien. Enghth
Cavalry. August 19; Michael McNamara, mu-.
slcian. Fifth Infantry, August 17.
Gastritis— Albert E. Mark. Thirtieth In
fantry, August 24. .
Pernicious anemia — "William F. Slsco. Twen
ty-eixth Infantry, August 5.
"Diphtheria— Virgil M. Winget. Twenty-sixth
Infantry. August 4.
Heat exhaustion— John A. Schtr!m, sergeant,
First Infantry. Auerust 13.
DEATH'S LATEST LIST
IN THE PHILIPPINES
It was said at the Navy Department
that the reports of misconduct on the part
of Captain Tilley have emanated for the
most part from Samoan missionaries.
Rear Admiral Silas Casey will proceed to
Tutuila aboard his flagship, the Wiscon
sin, and investigate the charges presented
against the captain. Navy Department
officials are very loth to believe the stor
ies of unbecoming conduct preferred
against him.
Acting Secretary Hackett has directed
the commander in chief of the Pacific
squadron to proceed to Samoa and to as
certain the truth with regard to the
charge, and if necessary to hold a court
for the trial of Captain Tilley.
The department has., detached Captain
Tilley from command of the Abarenda
and of the station and ordered him to
proceed by ih*i next steamer for San
Francisco from Tutuila.
The charges, it is proper to say, were
received at the department with surprise,
since the record of Captain Tilley hith
erto has been unblemished. The admlnle
tration of his office, as reported offlcially
from time to time, has been eminently
satisfactory. There has been no ground
for supposing that this officer's conduct
was anything other than what it should
have been.
WASHINGTON. Oct. have
reached the Navy Department from Tu
tuila, Samoa, complaining- of the conduct
of Captain Tillcy. commandant of that
station.. It is alleged that on more than
one occasion the commandant has been
seen, under the influence of liquor and
that his conduct was unbecoming an of
ficer. ,*
BUFFALO. Oct. 9.— Following is the list
of exhibitors at the Pan-American Expo
sition-west of the Missouri River who re
ceived gold and silver medals:
DIVISION I. AGRICULTURE.
Gold medals — W. O. Bush. Olympla, Wash.;
States of Idaho, Oregon and Washington; Jas
per Wilkins, Cobur*. Or.
Silver medals — California State Board of
Trade; Lamberson. Sons & Co., Portland. Or.;
A. B. Deckenby, Portland, Or.
DIVISION 2, 'AGRICULTURAL* IMPLE
MENTS.
Silver medals— Holt Manufacturing Company.
Stockton. Cal. ; Stockton Incubator Company,
Stockton, Cal. i - • •
DIVISION 4. FOODS AND THEIR ACCES-
, SORIES.
Gold medals" — Elwood Cooper, Santa Barbara,
Cal.; Eagle Packing and Storage Company,
Fresno, Cal.; Fresno County, California; Hlck
mott Asparagus Canning Company, San Fran
cisco; San Jose, Cal.; Western Sugar Refining
Company, San Francisco.
Silver medals— J. H. Armsby & Co., San
Francisco; Alaska Packers' Association, San
I Francisco; Ackerman & Tuffley, San Diego;
California State Board of Trade <2).; Chamber
of Commerce, Los Angeles; C. C. Donovan,
Santa Rosa; Earle Packing and Storage Co., i
Fresno; H. E. Fischer, Corvallis, Or.; Griffin
& Skelly Company, San Francisco; Hickmott
Asparagus Canning Company San Francisco;
George N. Herbert. San Jose; Imperial Prune
Orchard Company, San Jose; J. P. Jackson Sr.,
San Francisco: Thomas Prince & Son, Dun-,
dee. Or.; George C. Roedlng, Fresno; Stockton
Macaroni Factory. Stockton; Santa Clara
County Fruit Exchange, San Jose (2).
DIVISION 5— WINES AND BRANDIES.
Gold medals— C. C. Carpy & Co.. San Fran
cisco: the Elaen Vineyard Company, Fresno;
Gundlach Bundschu Wine Company, San
Francisco; D. Klein, San Francisco; Sierra
Madre Vintage Company, Lamanda; Wetmore-
Bowen Co.. Livermore.
Silver medals— Italian Swiss Colony, San
Francisco: H. Jevne, Los Angeles; Sierra
Madre .Vintasre Company, Lamanda. Cal. ;
George West & Sons, Stockton, Cal.
DIVISION 6. FORESTRY.
Gold medals— State of Washington. Pacific
Pine Needle Company, Grants Pass. Or. ;
State of Oregon.
Silver medals— Idaho Commission, Boise,
Idaho; Nicanicum Lumber Company. Seaside.
Or.: Southern Pacific Company, San Francisco:
Western Lumber Company. Portland. Or. ;
Yucca Manufacturing Company. Los Angeles,
Cal.; A. J. Johnson, Astoria, Or.
DIVISION 8— MINES AND METALLURGY.
Silver medals— Chamber of Commerce. L03
Angeles; L. B. Eaton & Co.. Nevada; Kesseler
Bros., San Francisco: Fred K. Mellis, Baker
City. Or.; Mine and Smelter Supply Company.
Denver: States of Nevada and Oregon. United
States Marble Company. Spokane, Wash. ; T.
S. Wood, Leadville, Colo.; Woods Investment
Company. Victoria. Colo.
DIVISION 13-MANUFACTURES.
Gold medal— Stockton Woolen Mills, Stock
ton. Cal.
Silver medals — Mission Woolen Mills, San
Francisco; Robinson Fur Company. San Fran
disco; South Pasadena Ostrich Farm, Pasa
dena, CaL; Wagner . Leather Company, Stock
ton. Cal.
DIVISION 15. LIBERAL ARTS.
Silver medals— Boards of Education of Los
Angeles'. Cal., Pasadena. Cal., Pomona. Cal.,
Portland Or. : H. C. Barley. Seattle. Wash. :
Orandail & Co., Pasadena. -CaL : Andrew P.
Hill, San Jose, CaL ; Arthur C. Jackson. Jun
eau, Alaska; Sunset Photograph-Engraving
Company, San Francisco.
DIVISION 16. ETHNOLOGY AND ARCH
AEOLOGY.
Silver medal:' State of Washington.
INSTALLATION, GENERAL.
Silver \u25a0 medals— State of California. State
Hoard of Trade. Southern Pacific Company.
Fresno County. Cal.; Los Angeles County. Cal.
MISSIONARIES
MAKE PROGRESS
B A. Hyde, living at 212 Mission street,
tv.is the victim of an unusually bold rob
bery shortly before 5 o'clock last evening.
Hyde was walking along Third street and
«rh«i near Mission he was attacked by
r-t"? men. one of whom pointed a pistol
rit his head and threatened to blow It 'oft
If ho made an outcry. After knocking
Mm down and brutally kicking him the
•;<->perate men searched his pockets, tak
ing his watch and chain and a 'email
-mount of money. The assault and rob
b »>• v.as witnessed by a number of peo
ple, but no attempt was made to prevent
•-<• men from carrying out their bcM
crime. Hyde has given the police a good
Ascription of the robbers and every ef
fort is being made to approhend them
In telling his story of the robbery Hydo
?:dd:
After rasfing Howard street on my way
home I noticed two of my assailants following
rr.e. but not thinking that they Intended in
held roe up I continued leisurely along th«
street. When within a few feet of Mission
.<:ie <-<f '.he men who had been following me
thrust a revolver in my face and ordered me
M throw up my hands. Before I could cera
v'.y vttB the demand two trttier men attacked
rr.e from behind. After felling me with a
!>;ow in the back of the head they repeatedly
lacked me and then took my purse and money.
\ Co not know the men. but I am satisfied that
T vlll be able to identify them in case they
: ; re trrened.
Hyde describes the robber who thrust the
rietol into his face as belnp tall and roughly
\u25a0 !r*"SFed. He hart several weeks' growth or
Veard on his face.
After they passed Forest no one '3
known to have seen the two fishermen,
but two soldiers from Fort Baker re
ported last night that they had seen tfcn
upturned boat in the strait. The tus
McDowell, which picked up the boat, car
ried it to Mieggs Wharf, where It wa*
was identified by Captain Charles A.
Neill as the property of Forest. When
the boat capsized It is supposed the an
chor fell out, causing it to come to a
•quapiooc aqj jo aDBid am jb unspuEjs
Nels Nelson, the man from whom the
two men rented the boat at Forest's boal
house and who is probably the last ma:>
who saw them alive, can give but a
meager description of the two men. He
says both men were between the asje.-*
of twenty and twenty-five years. Both
were of medium height. One had a slight
ly red face and a scanty sandy mustache,
while his companion's mustache was dark.
The one with the sandy mustache wore :i
brown suit. Both were fairly well dressed
and were apparently out for a day's rec
reation.
The men rented a sixteen-foot boat and
also hired their fishing lines at the boat
house. As they were rowing toward the
fishing ground they met Forest, the
owner of the boat. One of the men
greeted him by calling out. "Hello, cap
tain." It is certain that the men did not
belong In Sausalito and from the fact that
they apparently knew Forest it is believed
they frequently visited Sausalito for a
day's outing.
When the boat was picked up nothing
was in it but tne fish lines which the two
men had taken with them, which were
badly tangled. It is supposed that when
the men reached the point where their
boat was found the swirling tide proves*
too much for them and capsized their
boat. As it is considered impossible for
even the strongest swimmer to keep afloat
at that point in the strait it is supposed
that the men were drowned and carried
away by the tide.
Two men whose identity has not yet
been ascertained probably met death in
the tide rip off Cavallo Point, on tho
Marin shore, yesterday afternoon. The
men rented a boat at Charles Forest's
boathouse at Sausalito shortly before
noon yesterday, stating that they wished
to go for a fishing trip In tne vicinity ol"
Lime Point. This was the last seen all
them. At about 5:30 o'clock in the after
noon the Government tug McDowelt
found their upturned boat anchored 1Q<>
yards. oft Cavallo Point, which is near
Lime Point. * .
Went Fishing From Sausalito
and Have, Not Since
B£en Seen.
California and Many of Her
Institutions Among the Fa
vored at Buffalo.
Department Officials Doubt
Truth of Story From
Tutuila.
Attacked in Daytime on Pub
lic Street and Relieved
of Watch.
Pacific Coast Firms and
States Receive
Awards.
S. A. Hyde the Victim of
a Most Audacious
Robbery.
Capsized Boat Is Found
and Two Men Are
Missing.
American Naval Com
mander at Far Samoa
Is Accused.
MEDAL WINNERS
AT EXPOSITION
PROBABLY PERISH
IN GOLDEN GATE
BOLD HOLD-UP
BY THREE MEN
CHARGES MADE
AGAINST TILLEY
r . . \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 -• . ..-.\u25a0••\u25a0
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1901.
Present Mental Condition of the Unfrocked- Episcopal Clergyman
Who Shot and Killed Dr. John G. jessup Will Be Passed
Upon by Judge Melvin/ Who Orders Him Held in Custody
JURY ACQUITS ADAMS OF MURDER
ON THE GROUND OF HIS INSANITY
11
E3BB9BBBQQEBBBBBBBSBBBBBBBBBBBaDBBHBBaaaBBB9BBB
\u25a0 ,, \u25a0
| «7\-^V JliDi-- ff.flol I-, fianu S
\u25a0 ' " "I am nervous and run down now, but I h
S '* ures Nervous Men. g
m BB&bk. Cures Female Weakness, n
B J^^^^relBi^VaW^^aSk Cures Back Pains. bj
a Cures Stomach Troubles. S
a nfffiinr^ WB^TnnnffTr^!^^ 7 .. Dr. McLaaxhtln'i Electric Belt Is a. popular \u25a0
— MBtt. ISgfcS< J •! BaiLj^W£r?rSMVi ;l remedy nowadays. It Is th« only remedy |3
S HSP which will cure while you sleep. Just put It 5,
S on when y° u *° t0 be "- ieti th9 jlcrw- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
\u25a0I P' v\TnlefK«9'^Vy7iiBiKy in£ vitality goln? Into your weakened parts \u25a0\u25a0•
H * nd reitorlnr their life and Tlgor. and not • B.
t£ \u25a0 SS?Si»lr'"vSw$V??£H moment's Inconvenience. Q'
H BaBmEi!inPrK« nd you dont have *° dose g
a ' BH^WnlffWrP^iSl your poor stomach with nastj \u25a0:
m awMlWlWiMWwk drugs. This shows what it docs. * ;
| 'KiRlil ' RHEUMATISM anFstomach catarrh I
Q WWWilwBtMllMQM TOMALES. Marin Co.. Cal., June 28. 1901. *f
\u25a0 DR. MCLAUGHLIN— Pear Sir: On« could not imagine th« «rte»e of suffering I \u25a0
K passed through from Btoinach trouble and rheumatism. I was subjected to aevare Q
« drag treatment, stomach pump treatment and diet treatment, without the least re- m
Sj lief.. I grew disgusted with them all and as a last resort tried your belt, two yeara =
" ago. In three days I could fling away my • cane, and In three months was a n«w £
\u25a0 man, entirely cured, and felt better than I had for years. Several of my friends \u25a0;
Bbave since purchased your belts. I would not part with mine for I10CO if I could \u25a0
not get another. Yours truly. JOHN B. GUAT. m
_ "\ This man was cured two year* ago. £\u25a0
2 CJDF7R r r r F ? Vi*T r I w i n be 8 1 *" 1 t0 Ri v * v° u a fre « test lf y° u ' wm «»"• Or e
Ei rKCL 1 CO1 I will send you my FREE BOOK., little book, with full H
\u25a0 Information, sealed, free if you will send this ad. S3
| dr. m. c. Mclaughlin, 702 M % k < , e n t^. c ,?c r ; KMrnr ' \u25a0
£| - , \u25a0\u25a0-' ' • Of (Ice Hours— S a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. «g
uiiiiiiiHiiHiniiim^^
ADVZBTISEME2J-TS.
weakens the body and de-
grades the mind. It saps
the nervous strength that
is the source of all health,
i and perverts the functions
of every organ. Because
of its stubborn nature, it is
often called incurable. This
is not true. There is one
medicine that never fails to
r : check the nervous spasms
and give new strength to
the entire system. • '?***"
"Ota- baby boy had epileptic spasms
and the physicians rrerc unable to do
anything to help him. We heard of
Dr. Miles' Nervine, and from the time
he took the first dose he never had
another attack," Mrs. J. PENXE*,
459 N. Meridian Ave, Anderson, Ind.
Dr. Miles'^ j
Nervine
allays nervous irritation,
stops spasms, restores di-
gestion and mental vigor.
Sold by druggists on guarantee.
jDi. Miles Medical Co, Elkhart, Ind.THE SAN FRANCISCO/ CALL,, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1901.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CAL—.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
rOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
61£ Larkin street: open untI19:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22S1 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until S p. m_
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
J096 Valencia Ftrret; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
BXEETIXG XOTICES.
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena t^
Lodge of Perfection No. 1, A. and A., rT
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be Bk
held in Commandery Hall. Masonic /ft_
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. CfeV
October 10. 1901. at S o'clock. Decree otn.
HENRY BURNER, Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. AM.— _
Special meet ins THIS (THURSDAY ) _#%,
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Mark Master /£>K
Decree. By order of the H. P. * "^ '
— CO. n. HILLMAN, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 16, F. and A. M.— a
Special meetins THIS (THURSDAY) Jk
EVENING, at 7:Su o'clock. First de- JF J*
irree. Masov.fi are invited. By order rvf +
of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodse No. 144. F. and A. m
M. — Second decree of Masonry will be .ff\-
exemplified before the Grand Lodge 1_3T
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING. at'V>
",Zii o'clock. Master Masons cordially In-
vited; A. S. HUBBARD. gee.
FIDELITY Lodre No. 120. F. and A.
M. — Funeral notice: Officers and «^?\_
members are requested to assemble at 7L3\
Masonic Temple at 9:30 a. m. THIS ~^
DAY (THURSDAY), for the purpose of con-
ductir.ff the fun?ral ceremonies of our late
brother. EUGENE GARDNER, thence to
Laurel Hill Cemetery- By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
TERI5A BUENA Lodge No. 15. I. <^m^,
O. (). F.— Members will please take -§>£ii5«3~
notice that the parry arranged to •^SjSS^Sr
take place on October 10 has -svyRV-
b*«n postponed on account of death until
THURSDAY, October 24. By order of
THOS. C. MARTIN. Nobje Grand.
J. J. Dli HAVEN, Secretary.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club > CT- >.
fleets THURSDAY EVENING. 5^. £ >OJ
Fraternity Hall, Z2 O'Farrell St., ''KOJt*
at & o"clock. Tickets for the Hal-
lowe'en supper and dance to take Dlace on
the 2tith will be distributed.
GEORGE MILLER, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
'"HE California Debris Commission havinjr re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from G. F. Edwarfis. in the Philo
Haven Consolidated placer mine, near Gold
Lake, Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings in Mud
Lake, which drains into Frarier Creek; from
the Purdy Creek Mining Co.. in the Purdy
Creek mine, near Frenchtown. Yuba Co., to
deposit tailings in Purdy Creek; from Ed-
nard Bryan, in the Chaparral Hill grold
pravel mine, near Onion Valley, Plumas Co.,
to deposit tailings in Berg Creek, and from
the Norwgian Mining Co., in their mine
near Tuttletown. Tuolumne Co., to deposit
tailings in Jackass Gulch, gives notice that
n meeting will be held at room 59. Flood
building, San Francisco. Cal.. on October 21,
1501. at 1:20 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of
stockholders of the Kilauetf Sugar Plantation
Ccn:pany will be held at the ofOce of the com-
pany. "27 Market St.. in the City and County
of fan Frcncisco, State of California, on
WEDNESDAY. October 23, 1S01, at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m. for the purpose of amend-
ing section 2 of artic!" II of the by-Jaws and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer books
v.-ill close on Saturday, October 12. 1901. at 12
o'clock noon. By order of the president.
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS wanted-Life of McKinley, DCO pages;
Ix-st book; 100 illustrations; outfit free; cora-
1 iPte bock, ready for delivery- S. C. MIL-
LER _ CO.. Portland. Or.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able ar.d easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. T. PERSON*, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
Al agents in town for McKinley souvenir
ri'-tures; fast seller: sample 7c in postage. Ad-
drefs HAGENS & CO.. SOS California St.. S. F.
ADOPTIOX.
MATERNITY Villa — Gocd h'omes for healthy in-
fants. Dr. Emille Funke,1416 Sth St., Alameda.
ASrHALTim BOOKING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt rooflnff, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 2477.
ASTROLOGY. ~
P.ICHELIEU. -~— ~ — —
Phonograph life delineator of character and
destiny; never introduced before. 1S23 Scott
et., near Pine, 1 to 6 p. m. daily.
TROF. ROUSSEAU, astrolcgist: complete life
reading. cCc; by mail. 50c. 1163 Market st.
A TTO RX_ V S AT L, AAV.
FREE advice— J. M. VERDEXAL, attorney,
314 Montgomery st. — Divorces, private; fees
low; jrobp.ting; bankruptcy; collections; suits;
titles perfected: documents drawn; mortgages;
properly bought: money loaned; Insurance 30c
on $100. P. 15. TRAVERS. Mgr., US^ Post st.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty: quick.
<juiet; no charge without success: collections,
wjl;s. deeds, etc.. prepare.!: charge low; c-stb.
15 yars. Atty. G. \V. HOWE, S50 Markt St.
ADVICE free;divorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
lecliotis:attachments:mcrtEages; bills of sale;
partnerships; deedsiwills drawn; fees low;open
eve's. THUHSTOX. lCCS^ Mkt.. r. 4. op. Sth.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.- \V.
W. DAVIDSON, 127 Market St.. opp. Mason.
ADVICE free; moderate fee if successful; office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT. 927 Market.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bids., 327 Mar-
ket £t.; consultation free; no Xees in advance.
ESTATES, chancery: most moderate fees. 14
McAllister st.. GEO. \V. JOHNSON. Atty.
MOAiCDIXK FOU CH1LDHEX.
A CrOOD home In private family for two chil-
gren; apes 2 and 6. Box S37. Call office.
LADY wishes to board little girl; nice home;
best care. MRS MOORE. P. O. Alameda.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three ch?*iren: low terms. 1607 California st.
HOOKS XEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS cf every kind bought. Tel. Red 2S56
HOLMES HOOK CO.. 704-7UC-708 Mission Et.
BIKliAU TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom, S26 Howard.
BCSUK— SS CliAACKS. ~~
A— J1SO0; BAKERY in V.'estern Addition; estab-
lished 26 yc-ars; rent $45; 2 horses, 1 wagon;
most store trade; baking S barrels per day.
Particulars R. G. WILKE, S5>i Kearny bi.
A— S95C; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
store; 4 living looms and bath; rent J14; best
location; business' clearing always S100 per
mor.th or more. Call R. <i. WILKE, L-ti-A
Kearny st. "
A— $500; RESTAURANT and chop house; ladies'
rooms; daily receipts about $45; rent $50; best
location. Tenderloin district Call R. G
WILKE, 2G',4 Kearny st.
A— $353; BRANCH bakery, notions and fancy
t grocery store in Alameda; rent 510; good lo-
cation and fine paying business. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. <
A-U100; RESTAURANT close to Market st.;
near Chronicle bldg.; a good paying business
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny 8t.
A-J450: GOOD-PAYING saloon, close to the
\u25a0water front; rent $25; must be sold at once, as
owner is compelled to return to Mlchlean
Call R. G. WILKE, _S% Kearny et.
A — $4C0; CORNER saloon on Mason St.; rent $23-
good business; must be sold at once; owner
accepted Government position. Call R G
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. J
K~— — SACRIFICE— Delicatessen store doing a
nice business: 3 living rooms; rent J16. See
R. G. WILKE at once. 26^ Kearny st.
PHOTO gallery; best location on Market st. •
long lease; first-class business; cause of sale*
other business. Mitchell & Co.. 12C6 Market!
EALOON; all new fitted up; good stock; rent
$45; good business; must sell; leaving city In-
vestigate. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market St.
CHOP house at a gTeat sacrifice; price $1*5-
clearing $100 a month; must be sold at once'
McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market St.
A— J1E0- BEAUTIFUL Market-«t. clear stand
netting S2 GO dally; sacrificed; account
rheumatism. Ask HEDGES BROS.. 410 Par-
rott building. ,. i-
KOR SALE: — A well fitted up saloon on Market
et., near City Hall; will be sold at a bargain:
no agents. Apply at McLeod _ Hatze 515
Market st.
A SNAP — Delicatessen and coffee house; store
TV-orth |500; reduced to J250. Retsloff, 906 Mkt.
I Vl'ANT to buy a grocery end bar; good, clean
stock. Bex Sll. Call office.
PARTNER wanted; wholesale business ship-
ping daily to 10 States & B. C. Box 158, Call.
FOR SALE— A ' splendidly located stationery
store and cigar stand; no agents. Box 540, Call.
HELP WANTED— WALB — 47<ra.
----- ~>
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATELY. ' ,
Tt CARPENTERS.
PILEDRIVER HANDS.
EXPERIENCED RAFTSMEN-.
All applications for work received at
\u25a0Rnom No. 15 No. 4 California st.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS EM-
PLOYERS' ASSOCIATION.
Atlantic. Gulf and Pacific Co..
California Bridge and Construction Ox.
City Street Improvement Co.,
Cotton Bros. _ Co..
Dundon Bridge and Construction Ca.
Healey. Tibbltts & Co..
Hyde Construction Co..
Darby Laydon & Co.,
J. A. Mcljahon.
Pacific Construction Co.,
Thomson Bridge Ca.
Robt. Wakefleld.
WANTED—Stevedores. seamen, flrenwn. coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf.
where employes are bearded and lodged on
iteamer lying alongside; working for
iho company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference in ftiture. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON.
room 412. Parrott building.
YOUNG man to make himself useful In an
oyster house. SE cor. Folsom and 24th sta.
LUNCH waiter wanted. Apply 315 Grant ave.
SHOEMAKER wanted. 41 Fourth Bt.
WAITER; wages $30 and found. Potrero Hotel.
301 Twenty-second st.
ERRAND boy wanted. _EVISON Frtntln*
Co., 514 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Young man about 20 to make him-
self useful In liquor store. Box 931. Call.
COOK wanted. 41S Third st.
WANTED— Good second cook; good wages.
3 Jackson st. —
i LUNCH waiter wanted at 604 Third »t.
BUTCHER boy to take route and deliver or-
ders. 2817 California street.
\u25a0WANTED— Grocery clerk. Apply before 10 a.
m . or after 5 p. tn. at 1776 Howard, cor. 14th.
WANTED— Wagon woodworker. 537 Bran-
nan st. _________
ELEVATOR boy wanted. 23 Stockton »t. -
GOOD boy wanted, about 15 years old. 10H
SUth at.
MATTRESS maker wanted. Crescent Feather
Co.. 152 New Montgomery at.
PAINTER wanted at 1033 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— Reliable man to drive seltzer wa-
ter wagon; must have security and refer-
ence. Box 915, Call offlce. -»-
COATMAKER, bushelman and pantsmaker for
country. Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED— 100 teamsters by the E. B. & A. L.
Stone Co. for their camp near Jackson. Am-
ador Countv. Cal.; wages for 2-horse team-
sters. $2 per day; wages for 4-horse team-
ster3. $2 25 per day; board $4 50 per week.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine coorps. U.
S. navy: able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak ar.d read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Offlce. 40 Ellis st. .San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co..
near Weavervllle. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Franciaco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery st., "room 25. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
WANTED— A smart young man. 20 to 25 years
of age, to act as shipping clerk in lumber of- .
flee. Apply in own handwriting, statins ex-
perience and wages expected, box 1071. Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; oositions guaran-
teed: catalogue free. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
"WILL pay honest, well-dressed. Industrious
gentleman salary $20 per week to assist In
my business; experience unnecessary. Ad-
dress box 1030, Call offlce.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed RclkiD. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
"WANTED — Errand boys, not under 15 years of
age. Apply SATHAN-DOHEMANN CO.. 123
Sutter st.
WANTED— Young men, not over 20 years of
. age, to learn crocksry business. Apply
NATHAN- DOHRMANN CO.. 123 Sntter at.
"WANTED — A clothing salesman: one who un-
derstands card writing; state salary expected.
Address box 1095, Call offlce.
STRONG, intelligent boys IS to 20 years to
learn iron molders' trade. 505 Mission st.
BOY wanted. Apply 341 Hayes street.
BOY wanted about butcher shop. Apply 3077
Sixteenth st.
BOY wanted about butcher shop. Apply 2503
Clay st.
FOR sale cheat)— 2-chalr shop in country. do-
Ing good business. Box 1039. Call.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. SS3 Mission st., bet. 1st and 24 sts.
BOY to pack extracts; $4 50 per week. PAUL
RIEGER. 141 First St.
SALESMAN on gloves for the north; state ex-
perlence, etc. Box 1074. Call office.
WANTED— 6 good teamsters. Apply to J.
O'SHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont sts.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
WANTED— Brass bedstead makers. A. MERLS
COMPANY. 517-519 Mission st.
WANTED— Cash boys. 14 years of age and
over. Apply at HALE BROS, before 11 a. m.
WANTED— Flrst-class dry goods delivery- wrap-
per. Apply at HALE BROS, before ll"». m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD butcher to take an old established »hop.
Cor. Geary and Devisadero sts.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
McDONALD & PERRY have W0 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas PosUQ. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been establisned at 1098
Valencia st.
~ HOUSES Ai\D WAGOXS. ~~~
FOR sale at Horan's stable. Tenth and Bryant
sts.; must be sold to-day; 50 head of work and
driving and saddle horses; thoroughly broken-
single and dcuble. \u25a0, -.. ,
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
"Wednesday. October 9. at 11 a. m .. at the
Arcade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st. JOHV
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
A HUNDRED head of well broke German
army horses, suitable for all business pur-
poses. Just arrived. JOHN H. HALTOV at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard. 1732 Market st.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT \
& CO.. 35 Pore st.. S. F. * U
LARGE green colt; very fast; for sale S2S
Treat ave. '
ONE black road team, one carriage team one
fast road team. 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BARGAIN— Single horse coal and hay wagons-
second-hand wagons and harness. 1634 Mission.
CHEAP— New panel bedy delivery. 1 laundry 1
baker s. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 823 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission stT'
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. i!~F VetT
Co!.. 510 G. Q. ave.. ~r. R. J. CreVlT? *%£
HOSPITALS. ~ "
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital, no Pougla-, ot. San FrS?
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let- »n<i *«. ZZ
cular. C. H. UMBSEN « <xCl4 M-Jt^LgT
R o|j- W s S lte nn^lir mS; *"»• GuCT "
HOUSES TO -ET— .FURXiSHEP^f
A SUNNY cottage! S rooms", bathl Pia_L
chlckens. fruit trees: Alameda; % block fro2?
station. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 MirkeC
— ; — - -
SPIRITUALISM — Continued.
OAKLAND, 1118 Brush, cor. 13th. G. F. PER-
KINS, readings daily; circle Thursday eve.
PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth— Circle every night ex-
cept Sunday; readings daily, 10c. .
MRS. LESTER, circles Sun.. Tues. and Thurs.,
8 p. m.; 10c; readings dally. '148 Sixth, r. 12.
HARMACHEIS, greatest living occult medium,
healer; read.; treatments daily. 332 O'Farrell.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
mm_T~m7~bernard,
THE j FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in al! affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.'
MRS. DR.~F. CLARK,' the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; eend stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
FREE IF NOT CORRECT. '
Permanently located In my own home. 'WES-
LEY ORMAN, psychic, trance, clairvoyant
medium. Those calling to-day will receive
the benefit of my lowest fee, $1; hours, 10
a. m. to 7:30 p. m. 417 Ellis st. <
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT^
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk st.; readings by mail. *
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant •& card
- reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents Jl; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. rn.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m."
MISS M. WILLE, greatest of all crystal seers; 1
reads your life correctly; tells paEt. present,
future;full names given ;sittings 50c. 32GA Ellis.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. MALLORY. spiritual card reader: send
stamp for clr.; L., 25c; G., 50c. 917 Howard.
MRS. E. L. DAVIS, the great clairvoyant
card reader: ladies 25c. gents 50c. 28 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St.. nr. Fourth.
FORTUNE telling by cards; gentlemen $1.00,
ladies 50c. 502 O'Farrell, cor. Jones, rm. 4.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant. reader:palm!stry;
truth or no pay; 2Jc. 1149 Mission, over storo.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SV£ Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. P.AVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET KPATIXG AXD CI.EAXIXO.
WHEN, you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS?
PARRY. 1511% Market St.; phone M'nt 1095.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.
3c:renovated:relald. 105 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2 : i42.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.,
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
MODERN CO.: steam cleaning, 4c; laying;
clc-aning on floor. Phone Mint 301: 923 Mission.
RUDOLPH _ CO.. carpet-beating works-prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
i CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. H.
; STEVENS, Mgr.. 38-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250.
: J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearnr St.. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lesa successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85. 91C Market. Advice free; tel. Red 5211.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$18— LOVELY sunny cottage; cor. Cumberland
and Dolores sts. : modern.
_______
A—DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market street
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50:
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $3 up; a good metal plate $13;
gold and porcelain crowns, $5 to. $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket Et, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you caji
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
. $3 JO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 0 a. m. to 10 p. in.; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and flllings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students: advice froe; prices
clic-apest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE XV. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 SO: flllings,
COc; plates. $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st'
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 23c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. if G~.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk St.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815% Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up; Phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex^
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
~~, DUG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by~driigglsts
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DK_SS3IAIv_KS AMU S_A.MSTlt_SS_S
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 101« Market Bt.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WiE
\u25a0 PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDliCATlO.VVI..
AYRES' Leading Business College, 72TMarket—
$3 per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers:
new typewriters; positions secured: cat. free.
A LAW DEPARTMENT of the Night School
for men at the Y. M. C. A. opens Tuesday,
Oct. 1; tuition $50 a year; three nights a week;
prospectus now ready; registration open; In-
structor, Gco: H. Boke of Jurisprudence dept,
HEALD'S School of Mines, 24 Post St., S. F.—
thorough courses; complete equipment; all
subjects pertaining to mining and mining en-
gineering; day and night.
A— The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend tht GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is tins advice worth
. following? Life scholarship $50: catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
HEALD'S School of Electrical Engineering—
Theory, demonstration, construction; labora-
tory and shop work; thoroughly practical;
day and night. 24 Post Bt., San Francisco.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods: positions lor all graduates;
r.rw 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st. .
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency, securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ^
Ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg. ; individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-'
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
' der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr.Clty Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures: the one man v.-ho per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert. 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and- the
Gregg shorthand costs only ?60. San Fran-*
| Cisco Business College, ,1236 Market St.
WANTED-^-Good mandolin players' for select
club, and violinist, etc.. fpr amateur orches-
tra. S. F. Conservatory. 301 Jones st.
SPANISH. French. etc. Prof.DeFIlippe'sAcademy
ofLanguages,320Post; estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher; translations. 613 McAllister sf-..
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
\ Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. '50c: piano for practice. 39 Fifth st
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. . 125 Maspn st.
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-House for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
EDUCATIONAL— -Continued.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S I* AY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pineist. :
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st.,fS. F.;
founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo.' 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
_3IPLOY__NT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help ot all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post Et.; tel. ; Bush 135.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce— Furnish most
reliable help. 524, Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMl'LOl'MEST \\ AftTKU — -K_MALK.
A GERMAN woman with girl of 7 wishes sit-
uation as housekeeper or general housework;
city or vicinity of school; wages $20. Box
935. Call. - \u25a0 - \u25a0
GERMAN middle-aged woman wishes situa-
tion in general housework; small German
family. Apply at 2206 Twenty-third St., near
Rhode Island. -.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to do house-
work in small family of grown people; city
or country; wages $12 to $15; no postal cards
answered. Address 733 Harrison st
DOWNSTAIRS work by thoroughly competent
girl; excellent cook; economical in every way;
city or across bay; car fare expected. 334
Third st.; ring front door bell.
YOUNG lady with experience wishes a position
as cashier; references furnished. Call or ad-
dress F. C, 310 Valencia St.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes position at gen-
eral housework in a family. Call at 1029
Vermont st. , • - .
TRUSTWORTHY middle-aged woman would
keep house for gentleman or cook for men off
ranch. Call at 108 Sixth St., room 6.
YOUNG lady would like a position as cashier;
5 years' experience; first-class references.
Address box 1031, Call offlce.
LADY for general housework and cooking;
would go short way in country; wages $25.
Apply at 3233A Sixteenth St., near Dolores.
REFINED German woman; girl to care for one
child after, school; sleep at home; references
required. Box, 912, Call office.
RELIABLE, competent woman wants work of
any kind by the day*, good reference. 948^
Mission st., room 5.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes situation;
assist general housework; city or country;
references. Box 936, Call.
EXPERIENCED stenographer , desires situa-
tion; satisfactory references. \u25a0 Address box
2330, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do washing, ironing
and nousecleaning by the day; $1 a day and
car fare. MRS. SIEBOLD. S70 Folsom st.
YOUNG girl wants a situation to do house-
work.' Call at 2361 Pine st^
RELIABLE woman wants work by the da^;
good cook: references. 362 Minna st.
COLORED woman, flrst-class cook, want3
situation; city reference. Call at 253 Jessie.
WANTED— By good seamstress, work to go
out by the day; $1:10 a aay. Box 932, Call.
WANTED— Situation to do housework: good
cook. 204 Van Ness ave.
YOUNG girl wishes to do housework. Apply
at 112^ Fillmore et.
DRESSMAKER— Stylish and perfect fitter de-
sires encasements in families or at home: la-
dies' tailoring a specialty. 513 Post St., near
Mason. - « \u25a0 '
YOUNG lady would like position at shorthand
and typewriting: experience main object. Ad-
dress "Stenographer," Fruitvale.
I A REFINED woman wants position as assist-
\u25a0 'ant bookkeeper or in stationery or book store;
references. Box 1094, Call office :
LADY would like towels and napkins to v/ash :
at home. MKS. THIEDE, 102 Mission St.
_— —
PLAIN sewing and mending. 502 O'Farrell St.,
corner Jones, room 4.
JAPANESE, honest and faithful girl, with ref-
erence, wishes situation to • help cook and
do housework in the city; small family.
Box 1070. Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to
SB week; convenient and respectable; tree
"bus and baggage to and from ferry. s .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Cal: branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
KMPLOV31EXT WASTED — WALK.
WANTED — Home by an experienced man; will
rvnder equivalent in labor for same; pre-
ferably a small boarding-house or large fam-
ily; references given. Address box 933, Call.
I CAN use carpenter tools, mend stoves, furni-
ture, harness, wagons, paint, drive team, keep
books; handy at anything; want permanent
employment; references. Box 930, Call.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, for private
family; steady and fine all-around man; very
best references and personal from last em-
y plover. Address this week, M. M., 221 Sixth.
MAN and wife wish position; wife to cook and ,
man to work around horses, garden and be
generally useful. Box 925, Call.
SITUATION by young man as coachman and
gardener; can milk; handy with tools. Box !
1072, Call offlce.
LADY wishes to apprentice her boy to some
trade; can furnish good references; boy at-
tends night school. Call or address 119 Oak.
AN ' experienced bookkeeper and timekeeper
wishes position; will furnish references. Box.
0C9. Call. <
SITUATION as butter-maker by experienced,
sober young man. Address L. GILLETT, 214
Third St., care of Hughes House, room 19.
YOUNG man, 20 years of age, would like to
learn a trade. CHAS. SANDQUIST, 537 Ellis.
YOUNG barber wishes position in short hour
slicp. Box y S39, Call offlce.
WANTED — By a miner of 28 years' active ex-
ptrience, a foremanship in Southern Califor-
nia, Mexico or South America; uses no in-
toxicants; Is a man of family; American
boin; speaks Spanish and Norwegian also;
special attention paid to development of new
properties. Address "Miner," box 1033. Call.
SITUATION wanted by active and industrious
elderly man to do chores and make himself
generally usefrl; understands care of horses
and driving; good milker and plain gardener;
reference; city or country. Address JOHN,
box B14, Call office.
WANTED— By an old gentleman, healthy
ar.d temperate, light work in rooming house
Vor private iamlly. Address L. S. CLOSE,
641 Commercial et. \u25a0 f
PAINTER, paper-hanger and whltener, handy
with carpenter tools, needs employment;
wages reasonable; no objection to the coun-
try. Address Box 919. Call. •
ACTIVE, Intelligent young man wants situa-
tion in city; no canvassing. Address box
1032, Cal_ offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man would like position as
teamster; good driver. 1667 Atlantic St., Oak-
land.
DRUG clerk: student with experience; after-
noons; reference. ..Box 1034, Call.
WATCHMAN of experience wants work: city
or country; highest relerences. Box 1045, Call.
YOUNG married man wishes position In coun-
try or city as plumber and tinner; 8 years'
experience. Box 1068,- Call offlce.
STEADY, sober, Industrious man with- good
references wishes permanent employment In
Institution or with a company as watchman
or any other position where he can be use-
ful; is handy with any kind of tools; good ac-
countant: not afraid of work. Box 1015, Call.
FIRST-CLASS house cleaning and laundry
work by the day. CHARLIE. 20 Prospect
place.
— .
COLLEGE student would like poeltior with
architect to learn draughting. Box 1010, Call.
JAPANESE honest boy wants" position as
schoolboy in the city. Address T. MACEDA,
646^ Valencia st.., San Francisco. .
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, handy at any wcrk.
wishes Job; speaks good English. SUYAS-
HIMA. 807 Polk st. «.
JAPANESE boy wishes position as waiter at
table: city or country. HOMA, 1010 Pirie st.
CLASSIFIED) advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 FHlmore.
A.BRAN«?H offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . . .'
EXCHANGE.
SHIP owners — Exchange $8000 equity city front
property for small steamboat.* P. O. box 478
, Santa Cruz. > \u25a0 . \u25a0
\u25a0 FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES promoted and financed: stock
taken in payment for services; good mining'
and Industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post St.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation;' new method of
plnclng stocks and bonds; companies lncor- \u25a0
' porated ; stocks and bonds underwrlttenr Call
or address main office, \u25a0 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
TU'S iyv. S S CH A N r TC S — Contlnnort.
i"haV_ all kinds of buyers waiting; list your
stores and lodging-houses with me; I guaran-
tee to sell. F. J. DECK, room 20S, Emma
Spreckels building.
WANTED— Man with $200 in offlce business;
experience not necessary; a fine chance for a
rustler. F. J. DECK, room 208, Emma Spreck-
els building. „
TO exchange for cigar stand, grocery, lodging-
house or good mercantile business: two new
flats; cost J3500; rents $25. W. BELL. 142
Crocker building.
FOR sale immediately— A sacrifice; owner leav-
ing U. S.; bath, massage, hairdressing; mani-
curing, shampooing, etc.; parlors suitable 1
or 2 ladies. 220 Leaven worth Et.. near Eddy.
FOn BALE— The Call agency in Santa Cruz;
price $1200. - .
J3P0 AND J350— Fine opportunity to Invest in
established blackslmth business; price In each
case covers stock, tools and good-will. \u25a0 Ad-
dress box 2S3. CaU office.
"MINERAL water business" with good estab-
lished trade; party leaving city. Call bet. 3
and 4:30 p. m., 1123 Howard st.
$2000 WILL take a good country hotel : short
distance from city: good business. Further
information address box 1044, Call office.
WANTED— Parties to. take shares in a rich
gold 'mine and help develop. 32H4 Turk st.,
12 to 2 p. m.
EALOON for sale — On account of sickness of
owner; good trade. Apply to GEO. D.
SHEARER & CO.. San Rafael. Cal.
DELICATESSEN: established several years;
paying monthly profit of $250; will teach buyer
business; price $1500. Box -1002, Call offlce.
SALOON, with room, near city front, for sale.
Apply 517 Jackson st.
.$1000 — PARTNER wanted for dyeing and laun-
dry business. 1421 Point Lobos a\*e.
PARTNER wanted in bakery business; good
opening to right man. 321 Ellis st.
SALOON for sale; opposite the ferry. Ill East
St., north of Market. *
WANTED— Good butcher to rent an old estab.
paying shop. Cor. Geary and Devisadero.
FOR SALE — A frood paying restaurant. Apply
210 Tcwnsend St.. near Third.
$50— BRANCH bakery, candy, notions, laundry,
j suitable, for lady. 437 Fulton st.
LODGI\G-HOVSES FOR SALE.
H. C DECKER'S OFFICE. 1020 Market St., is
HEADQUARTERS FOR BARGAINS
IN LODGING-HOUSES
HOTELS. FLATS
AND PRIVATE HOMES
FROM $125 TO $20,000
GET LIST FROM OFFICE
S rooms; on Mission $275
9 rooms; fine corner 325
14 rooms; the best 3000
12 rooms; large yard 1500
17 rooms; transient 1050
40 rooms; boarding 5000
Boarding-house, 9 rooms 650
17 rooms; fine corner 1350
60 rooms: apartment house 4200
1 7-room flat on McAllister 225
j 8 rooms; corner; fine yard 3S0
I 20 rooms: new; elegant; clears $150 1500
' MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
13 rooms on one floor 900
I 8 rooms; fine yard 350
! 10-room house: fine location 425
I 24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
I 100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit.. 6000
I 16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350
18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $S0 S00
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150 .'. 1600
I IS rooms; corner; Just like home 13'W
j 10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750
! 32 rooms; offices: clears S250 3500
21 rooms; $6C0 cash, balance pavmenls.... 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
! H. C. DECKER. 1C20 Market; tel. Mint 796.
i ATTENTION. BUYERS!
! HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES
Any of the fpllovi-lntr on monthly payments:
24-room workinpman's house; cheap rent. $500
6-room flat; all rented 225
42 rooms; grand halls; fine income 2G00
I 14 rooms; transient: clears $125 600
20 rooms; fine furniture; see this bargain.
\u25a0 21 rooms; $5uO cash, balance payments.... 1000
' 50 rooms; rent 5100, clears $250 1500
I 100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
! 70 rooms; modern; clears $250 4000
! 12 rooms: Turk st. : all rented 325
CALL. AVE CAN SUIT YOU.
i 11 rooms: desirable location 450
\u25a0 24 rooms; Geary st.; payments 1500
' 15 rooms; Sutter st.; central 500
! MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
j A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Mrkt., cor. Ellis, r. 12.
! A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market St. and S Stockton St..
: Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
i See our list of bargains.
I 44 r. ; rent $120; good fur. and carp.;
> apartments $3000
I 26 r.; rent $90; cor.; elegant fur 3000
I 19 "r.; rent $75; Al location; pays well 1200
; 18 r. ; ror.t $55; oak & wain, fur.; clears $60 800
j 15 r. ; rent $60; good fur. and carpets 850
I 11 r. ; rent $40: oak fur.; boarders; good.. 1000
! 12 r. ; rent $65; cor.: Al loc; clears $32.. 900
! 10 r. ; rent S35; partly furnished...' 400
i 8 r.; rent $40: Fillmore; 2 flats; oak fur.. 350
j Over SCO houses listed. Call before buying,, j
! MARION GRIFFIN. T19 Market St.. rms. 1 & 2.
'-. Office near Call building.
I Business is booming — he has 4 salesmen.
He has money to loan— payable mo. or yearly.
I Every day he gets from 5 to 10 new houses.
Call for free list; see these samples:
j 9 rms.; central; full: rent $2S: % cash $20C
I 30 rms.; flat: rent $25; clears $40 .month... 450 I
j 15 rms.; Sutter St.; rent $28; a snap .SCO
18 rms.; rent $3S; clears $50 every month. 700
; 23 rms.; wife sick; rent $45; clears $50 600
; 26 rms.; elegant; clean: rent $90: clears $90 16C0
i 19 ras.; hotel; clears $2000 every year 150u
I £3 m'.; a cor. house of "Victoria Flats". 3000
13 ROOMS on O'Farrell St.; cheap: price $650.
12 rooms on Second st. ; great bargain; price
?223.
21 rooms on Eddy St.: great bargain.
20 rooms on Sutter St.; price $S0O.
Houses, any part of city, to be sold in our
offlce under a thorough investigation; for any
line of business call at our offlce. 1016 Market
st.. opposite Fifth. McBRIDE & CO.. Real
Estate and Auctioneers.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.
£50 Market st '...Tel. Davis 2S1
Rooming houses and hotels; ail sizes, all
prices and all locations; list yours with us If
you want to sell. \u25a0
Houses field on easy payments: money
loaned at lowest rates; vacant houses furn-
ished. Call and see. our BIG list of BIG
I barpains. It's too BIG to publish.
ATTENTION '.—Buyers will find It to their ad-
vantage to call anil examine list of FISHliR
& CO.. S3S Market St., phone Folsom 1592.
: 34 r $1400 22 r $S00 16 r $800
i 20 r lir.O 20 r SCO 14 r 4.'.0
; 18 r 10C0 13 r 000 12 r 400
13 r 700 8 r 3.V) . 10 r 400 I
8 r 550 6 r 225 7 r 225
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market.
Photograph Gallery Entrance.
18 rooms: rent $37 50: price $SQ!
28 rooms; rent t.V); price 900
14 rooms; rent $."59; price 750
31 rooms; rent $67 00; price 1300
19 rooms; cheap rent '. 850
27 rooms; rent $65: price 1050
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny, rooms 9 and 10.
We have about 300 houses c-nlisted and great
bargains; come and see oar list and we know
we can satisfy 3 r ou; houses to trade, to ex-
change and money loaned; don't forget the
offlce, 't Is 26% Kearny st., rooms 9 and 10.
TEN rooms; Sutter; worth $1000; rent $55. .$750
14 rooms; Geary: first-class; oak furn..l250
18 rooms; rent $55; fine velvet carpets 1400
28 rooms. r«?nt & water $96, half cash 2430
M. E. RIVES, S16 Market St.; tel. Main 128.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at offlce of
G. W. SfHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911,
917 Market St.. near Fifth. \u25a0
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices. In all parts of the city: get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
«r?1150— 17 ROOMS north of Market nt'.-.' trial
given; money-maker. DONALD McRAE, 837
Mission st.
$425— FOR SALE— Lodging-house. 14 rooms;
cheap rent; no agents. 323V4 Mission St., op-
posite Mint ave.
COME quick— House of 9 rooms; rent $20; $230
cash. F. J. DECK. 927 Market St.. room 208.
$son— ELEGANTLY furnished flat, 9 rms. ; lease;
-tlOCO Ins. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market
SPIRITUALISM.
ADVICE and assistance— It will cost you noth-
ing to call anl talk It over and see what can
be done for you. WESLEY ORMAN, 417 Ellis
street. "h
BROCKWAY'S psychic seance Sunday, Tues-
day. Wednesday, Thursday, Frl., 8:15 p m.;
25c. 2M. Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
A-MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty: dr. Sun.,
Wed, and Friday evenings. 3035 Market st.
ARNOLD DICKSON, materializing seance to-
nlght; all see spirits; readings 50c to $L
201 Turk st.
PROF. JOHN J. HULTHEN, clairvoyant,
palmist and. card reader; reveals past, pres-
ent, future; 50c. 1007% Market St.. near Sixth.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sitting*. $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak st.; circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m.; Wednesday, ladles. 2:30
p. m.. 10c; readings daily, 50c.
MRS. GrLLINGHAM'S spiritual test meeting
this evening. 10c. 305 Larkln; hours 1 to 5.
EARLE, independent slate writer; 328 Ellis- tel
Polk 1601; seance Tues.. Thurs., Sun., 8 p. m.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
FLATS TO LET.
A^SUNNY new' fla.r of 7 rcoms; open piumb-
lng; reduced rent. 2414 Van Ness ave.. near
\u25a0 Union st.
A— $10— SUNNY bay window flat: 3 rooms, yard.
E21 Valencia St., near Nineteenth, third floor.
NE. CORNER of Halght and Steiner sts.; sun-
ny flat; 8 rooms; reasonable.
PIERCE, 230— Lower flat of 6 rooms and bath;
rent $18.
MODERN flat, 5 rooms; large closets, stable
-4 stalls; $27. 377 Shotwell st.
SUNNY 8-room; 2 kitchens; corner bay win-
dow; middle; modern. Key 417V4 Third st.
$25— NEW 7-room upper fiat, .yard, basement.
' inclosed porch. 4008 Eighteenth, nr. Castro.
FRAMES AXD PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. J28-130 Hayes, nr. V. Ness
—Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FliHMTUKK KOH SAL.—.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Seary's Credit House. .1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $IS 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
3000 YARDS carpet: leather library set, 5 pieces.
cost $125. D. GREEN WALT. 708 Valencia St.
Fl'KMTUKK WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— W. P. Beauchamp, 92S Howard St.,
tel. Jessie 1122; furniture, merchandise bought.
A. L. SXORRS, 631 Ellis St.; telephone Larkir.
27S2; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. J135 Market.
GI/OVES.
.D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
• warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HEW WASTED- PE.MALE.
AT C. R. HANSE-N & CO.'S.... Phone Grant 185
.; HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 fancy Ironer, city $10 week
3 waitresses, Sacramento, ' arm work. .$6 week i
10 waitresses, city and country $20-$20
Laundress and helper, city.... v . $40
2 cooks, country hotels .'...$35-$oO
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ;
Cooks, housegirls.. nursegirls, second girls, j
'city and country 510-$30
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— GLOVE saleslady -. $6 to $7 week
C. R. HANSEN _ CO 104 Geary st.
A— RESTAURANT waitress, country hotel, ?25,
fare paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
A YOUNG, strong woman for cleaning, 4 daja
week; $1 50 day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. . •
A— MRS. M. E. DAY _ CO Phone Main 1575
• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, Hollister $>o
Waitress, city $">5
8 waitresses, first-class city hotels $20
Second cook In hotel, city $25
Dishwasher, same place $25
3 chambermaids to wait $20
. FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, $25 to $30; 2 housegirls, §25; housegirl,
$20: many other choice places, best wages.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 laundresses, $30; 4 cooks, $30; 5
second girls, J20-$25; housekeeper, $15, see
party here; cleaning woman for institution,
>25; 4 hotel waitresses, $20; chamber work
and sewing, $25; hotel cook- country, $30;
French nurse, J25; 4 chamber work and wait
one meal. $20; 50 girls Tor all kinds of house-
work; city and country, $20, $25, J30; call
early. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
SECOND girls. $25; child's nurse. $25. CAT~-
1 TELL'S. 525 Eighth st.. Oakland.
HAIRDRESSING taught in 2 weeks; manicur-
\i ing and facial massage included: entire
course $5; positions positively guaranteed;
four good positions waiting. S. F. College,
143. Stockton St., room . 15.
\u25a0 j —
NEAT girl to do general housework and cook-
ing; no washing; small family; $20. Call or
_wrlte to 1429 Steiner st.
COMPETENT Protestant woman for general
housework in a small family; heavy washing
put out. Call at 1004 Washington st.. near
Powell, between 10 and 12 a. m.
BRIGHT, intelligent woman as assistant in
office work; some knowledge of typewriting
is desirable. Answer, giving rull particu-
lars, references, etc., box 938, Call office.
GOOD cook; small washing; 4 In family; sec-
ond girl kept. Call between 1 and 4 p. m.
at 1616 Vallejo St.. near* Van Ness ave. - . >• 1 \u25a0
WANTED— A girl to assist in general house-
work; German, Swedish or Scandinavian.
Apply at 903 Steiner st.. off McAllister.
A LADY of indomitable .energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED— Girl; eenerah housework; good
wages. Call forenoon, 1344 Fell St., between
Baker and Broderick.
WANTED— Girl to wait at tables and help In
kitchen in a small restaurant; no Sunday
work. 544 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted: $8 a week.
People's Restaurant, C31 Clay st., between
Kearny and Montgomery. !
FIRST-CLASS sewers on tennis gowns, skirts
and aprons, to take work home. H. FRIL'D-
LANDER, 33S Fell St. /
GIRL, 16 to 18 years old; light housework: 2 |
In family; Alameda; good home; $12. Box
31Q. Call offlce.
OPERATORS to work in factory on ladles'
waists. ' 656 Mission'. tn., fourth floor.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
housework.- 1233 Lombard St., near Polk.
YOUNG girl wanted for general housework.
Call 2595 Grove. Dwight way sta., Berkeley.
GIRL to assist in general housework. 1311 j
Wallet St.. near Masonic ave.
OPERATORS to work In factory on ladies*
wear. 656 Mission St.. fourth floor.
EXPERIENCED girl for housework: plain
wash; good home; wages $15. 1520 Sutter st.
GIRL to take care of child from 9 until 5
o'clock. 1637 Geary st.
WANTED— Elderly lady as working house-
keeper; country. Apply 215A Guerrero st.
COMPETENT Swedish girl for generalThouse^
work; references. 35 Hill st.
CASHIER and saleslady for bakery and res- !
taurant. Call early at 132 Fourth st. j
FINISHERS wanted on ladies' cloaks. 935 !
Market St., room 9. \
WANTED — Experienced skirtmakers. 126
Kearny st., room 46.
GIRL to assist in light housekeeping; wages
\ $8. 1349 Howard St.
YOUNG girl to mind baby. 1474 Pace st.
GOOD sewers to work In factory. 656 Mission
st., .fourth floor.
GIRL for light housework; 3 In family; wages
$17. 2527 Gough St., near Green.
.WANTED— Young girl for general housework:
no cooking. 1S31 Eddy st.
GIRL wanted for general housework and plain
' cooking. 1438 Page st.
FIRST-CLASS experienced ealeslady for ladies'
unde£we__r store : __Box *34, Call office..
GERMAN girl for second work and sewing; 3
In family; wages $20. Apply 1815 Laguna st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wanted: also ap-
prentice. 528 Sutter St., room 3. ,
AN experienced assistant printer. Apply TON-
KIN, 1227 Market st.
GIRL; licht housework and plain cooking.
Call between 10 and 12, 2235V6 Howard st.
GOOD, strong girl for general. housework; plain j
cooking. Call 522 Third st. v I
WANTED— Girls to do machine work on coats.
339 Fifth st.' . .
WANTED— First-class waitress for restaurant.
1428 Market st. =
A GIRL at Warren's candy store, 112^ Ninth
street.
WANTED— Girl 16 or over: care of baby and
light housework. 1G29 Golden Gate ave.
JAPANESE experienced woman; 'cooking and
general housework. 2006 Lyon ; car fare paid.
WANTED — Woman for general housework. Sll
O'Farrell st..|call between 9 and 10 a. m.
DRESSMAKER— A flrEt-class one wanted at
314 A Sutter st. ____
GIRL*wanted to do light housework;- no cook-
Ing. 8"0 Powell st.
AN. intelligent young lady for general office
work; must bs> a good penman. S. N. WOOD
& CO., 718 Market st.
GIRL for general housework; no washing; can '
sleep at home. 221S Webster st. ._ - '
WE can place 2 bright, earnest, reliable women
in first-class positions. Box 921, Call offlce.
WANTED— Girl - to learn to wait at table;
wages small; restaurant. 52 Eighth st. .
AMATEUR singers wanted. -Apply at Chutes
. at 6 p.. m. this evening .
WANTED— A neat girl to assist in housework.
Call at 2410 Polk st. _____*!
WOMAN- from 20 to 30 for light housework and
I cooking; smdll family. . 71S Franklin st.
HEM' WA!VTF.n — FRMAtiB — r '?™_\._
MACHINE operators and • hand sewers at
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overall factory. 3?Va
Fremont St.; good wages; no
necessarj-; steady work. Apply MR. DA\ Xb.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts: also a few bright girls about 1«
years of age for instruction; paid whila learn-
ing Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gougn
. and Grove sts. . \u25a0 ,
4 ACTIVE, Intelligent young ladies of good
presence to canvass for the most salable
book on the .market: outfits free; $2 oO per
day guaranteed; commissions. Room 30. 233
Powell st.. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
HAIRDRESSING. dyeing. bleaching and
manicuring taught in two weeks, entire
course, $5; positions waiting for graduates to
fill evening classes." S. F. COLLEGE. 143
Stockton St., room 15. \u25a0•
EXPERIENCED operators on n«»8 __«_**:
steady work; best prices. LOWENBEKl" _
CO.. 27 JESSIE ST.. 5th floor.
SALESLADY wanted for fancy goods store;
must have experience and reference. Box
1011. Call offlce. *
STRONG woman for plain cooking an <l light
housework; Swedish or German prererrea,
J20. 579 Harrison st. -
WANTED— An experienced apprentice on coats,
i 916 Market St.. room 82.
LUNCH waitress, 50c per day. Apply after 10
a. m. t 23 Montgomery st.
YOUNG woman, medium size, some experience
In acting, for vaudeville sketch. Box 920. Call.
WANTED— Operators on pants. Apply at fac-
? tory of S. N. WOOD - CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsnm St.
WANTED— Reliable girl; cook and housework;
$15; small family. '2400 Bush st.
YOUNG girl for housework: 3 In family; wages
$15. 2112 Green St.. after 3 a. m.
YOUNG girl; competent for general housework;
good wages; 8 to 12. 213 Broderick st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladies* tailor coats.
A., CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny st.
WAIST and skirt hands for dressmaking. 121
Post st., room 49.
WANTED— Chambermaid. Manhattan House,
S25 Battery st. '
NEAT, respectable German girl; general house-
work; plain cooking; wages $20. Sol Fulton st.
OPERATORS on overalls. 9 Hill st, between
Twenty^first and Twenty-second sta.
WANTED— Three young glrli to work In lodg-
ing house. Apply 442 Pacific st.
FINISHERS on ladies' tailor jackets. LOW-
ENTHAL'S. 914 Market st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been 'established at 1036
Valencia st.
II__1» \VAXT__ HALE.
Phone Main 5S48
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
..' SPECIAL TO-DAY
SPECIAL TO-DAY
R. R. TRACKMEN
R. R. TRACKMEN
20 trackmen for tracklaying, new work, at
Ukiah for the Cal N. W. R. R. Co.'a own
work, to go today Free fare
wages it a day Freeware
The above is Co.'s work
ALSO FOR UKIAH TO-DAY
25 teamsters UKIAH FREE
25 laborers UKIAH FARE
20. trackmen, company's own work
MECHANICAL HELP
Brick masons, helpers, mine company; 3 han-
dy men with carpenter tools; blacksmith's
helper; stone cutter, city job, $20 a week;
young man with some experience in carpen-
tering, city Job; furnace man for a mine, $65
and house rent: porter that can repair stoves,
country lurniture store; bench hand, country
planing mill, married: 2 molders. city.
SAWMILLS AND WOODS
S. more laborers for mills, yards and woods,
no experience required $35 to $65 and found
j 5 men to work In woods, no experience, San
Mateo County, $1 fare $30 and found
5 laborers, Sonoma, $30 and found; 5 crosscut
sawyers, $45 and found
LABORERS, ETC
10 quarrymen, $6o; 1U laborers, fare 35c, $34
and found; 5 laborers, city factory. $1 75; 13
shovelers, $60; 110 laborers for other Jobs.
$1 75 to il 50 a day
MISCELLANEOUS. FARMS. ETC I
25 farmers, orchard, farm, vineyard, etc. ; 4 j
milkers, same dairy, north, $30 and found;
choreman, private place, {25 and found; 10
choremen and chore boys, city and country
jobs; choreman. Catholic institution, country; I
boy to drive light delivery wagon, city; 10
teamsters, city, $1 75. $2 to $2 25 day
GRAPE PICKERS HALF FARE PAID
20 men and strong boys to pick grapes for a
• large winery company...
.' $30 and found, half fare paid
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
A— COOK, country hotel, see boss here, $43
and found; cook, restaurant, north, fare paid,
$40 and found; cook, small city hotel, $35
end found; cook and wife, camp, $60; man
and wife to work around institution. $37 50
and found; dishwasher for officers' mess, $20 !
and found; butcher and sausage maker for I
mining company. $40 and found; 2 beef lug. |
gers. $2 25 day; butchers' helper, ranch, $25 I
and found: 10 waiters, $25 to $35; 12 dish-
washers and kitchen hands
MURRAY & READY 634-635 Clay st.
STEWARD for country hotel; barkeeper, $10 |
week; 2 hotel cooks. $50 and found; restaur- |
ant cook. SOU and second cock, same place, I
$35; delicatessen man. $35 to $40 and found; I
man and wife for boarding house kitchen, $45, |
hotel waiter, country, $30; restaurant waiters |
porters, dishwashers and others. J. F
CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st. j
FIRST-CLASS gardener. $35 to $40 and found;
milker. $30 and found; butter maker, $20 and
found; carpenter. $3 day; man handy with
tools for ranch, $40 and found; driver for milk
wagon; stickerman and matcher 30c an hour;
laundry man for Oregon, $35 and found; boys
for stores and other work. $4 to $6 week; 10 j
scraper teamsters, $2 25 day; 10 laborers for'
quarry. $2 day. and others. J. F. CROSETT
6 CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S 610 Clay st
Driver, milk wagon $50 !
Ranch teamster $30 !
Teamster to haul loam $2 a day i
Farmer and plain blacksmithing $26
10 scraper teamsters $2 25 a* day
10 pick and shovel laborers $2 25 a day
3 waiters, country hotel.. ..$25. fare advanced
Cook and wife for Institution .$93
Choreman for ranch $30
6 winery hands $30 and fare paid
6 vineyard hands $30 and fare paid
YOUNG Catholic as handy man and do chores
for institution, country. $33 and found W
P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
50 Third St., nr. Call bids.; phone Bush 403.
Railroad Teamsters and Laborers
UKIAH UKIAH
.7YREE FARE
50 railroad teamsters for Ukiah $2 to $2 25
50 laborers for Ukiah $2 per day
FREE FARE
6 lumbar pliers, country $2 per day !
6 laborers, new job near city $2 per day |
20 laborers for quarry $2 to $2 50 par day
Rnnch hand, must be able to do blacksmith-
Infr. job year round
Porter, small hotel, country $20 per month
ANDRE'S OFFICE 316 Stockton st.
Valet, must understand massage. $40: butler,
small family. $35; choreman. private place,
$20; cook, fryer. $G0; cook. $10 a week: dish-
washer, t% a week; vejretableman. $25; pot-
washer. $20: bedmaker. $15: waiter' for camp.
$2!>: waiter, country, $W: waiter, plain hotel,
$30; boy for barroom. $20; pantryman, $25, etc.
STRONG boy about 18 or 20 years old for store,
$3 week. Increase. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO..
335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12.
Head waiter, hotel. $50; short order cook,
country, $50; 2 colored waiters. $25.
WANTED— Cooks, broilers, waiters, dishwash-
ers, vegetablemen and porters; no fee. 127
Mason st.
COOK for large hospital In city; wages $60.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.. nr. Powell.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market St.. rdom 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
GOOD, strong boy to drive grocery wagon and
make hlrrself useful about store. Apply
TVULTMANN BROS., corner Shotwell and
Twenty-sixth sts.
WANTED — A first-class carriage blacksmith
helper and finisher. Apply A. MEISTER &
SONS CO., Sacramento. Cal.
MAN to. do lettering and striping: also boys
over 16 years of aee; also tinsmiths. AMERI-
CAN CAN CO., 81S Battery st.
BOY that understands distributing and setting
up job type: state wages. Address box 929,
Call. >
WANTED— Furniture varnlshers. California
Lumber and Milling Company, Stockton and
Beach sts.
WANTED— Young man to work in grocery and
drive delivery wagon. 435 Third St., corner
Silver. >
SHOECUTTKRS wanted by BUCKINGHAM _
HECHT. ; Twenty-sixth and Valencia sts.
BRIGHT boy wanted by BUCKINGHAM &
HECHT. Twenty-sixth and Valencia st3.
WANTED— Good oyster cook: wages $30. 133
Powell .st.
WANTED— Baker: one whn has worked In a
pie bakery. . Apply at 116 Erie st., noon hour.
PANT., finisher wanted at 233^ Stevenson st
between - Third ", and Fourth.
FIRST-CLASS barber wnnts job or will buy
good shor>. Box 911. Call.
PLATERS for various Instruments ~anted for
. fine amateur orchestra. Box 928, Call offlce.NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— The Vanderbllt
coaching party arrived at the Holland
House at 1:32 o'clock this (Thursday)
morning after a trip to Philadelphia and
return in less than twenty-two hours.
James H. Hyde held the reins when the
coach drew up in front of the Holland
House, Fifth avenue and Thirtieth street.
He said that the trip was a big success.
as well as the fastest and smoothest
coaching trip of Its kind. He gave as the
official time 1:27 o'clock at the finish. Ac
cording to the schedule the coach should
have arrived at the Holland House at
10:30 o'clock last night.
Vanderbilt's .Coaching Exploit.
Senator Cockrell asked him why he had
not testified to this before, as it was a
very important matter. Major Hawkes
said he had never said anything to any
of the persons about the case. Under
close questioning Major Hawkes admitted
he had said to Judge Boyd that he was
not to pay for the stock, or "words to that
effect." He was asked what reply Judge
Boyd made, and said he answered that It
v^» all right, or "words to that effect-'*
Replying to questions by Senator Cock
rell, Major Hawkes said he had been on
very friendly terms with Judge Boyd and
would have spared him if possible. He
added that he was much disappointed In
the evidence given by the several wit
nesses before the committee.
"Don't you think they have sworn to the
truth?" inquired Senator Cockrell.
"I do not." retorted Hawkes, hotly.
Several witnesses who had testified dur
ing the hearing were recalled, but nothing
of particular interest was developed. At
the close of to-day's hearing the commit
tee held a brief executive session • and
then announced an adjournment until No
vember 18.
Major Hawkes, in correcting his* testi
mony, had added a statement that Judge
Boyd was not to subscribe for hemp stock,
but was to receive it for the use of hia
name. This called out several questions
as to the division of stock, and Hawkes
said it was understood that the names of
the other persona were not to appear on
the stock books. To avoid this ft was
agreed between himself and Heistand that
the $150,000 of stock was to be carried in
Hawkes' name.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— When the Sen
ate Committee on Military Affairs to-day
resumed its hearing of the charges against
Lieutenant Colonel Heistand Major
Hawkes, the prosecuting -witness, was
called to submit some evidence In rebuttai
which he desired to present.
Witness in the Heistand
Case Denounces Tes
timony.
HAWKES CALLS
IT FALSEHOOD
J D Hanscom, S Jose Dr Jones & w, Colmbla
C S Pierce, Frejsno A H Eddy, San Jose
C H Selby.. NY E J Fraser & w.FVista
W Jeffries, Los Ang E Carpenter, Sacto
Winnie Aubrey, L Ang W H McKennan & w,
A B McRae, Rosevllle San Rafael
P H Mack, Los Ang F TresKow. Crockett
W A Wright, Spokane P C Cohn. Folsom
B S Gulnee. Hanford B Wilson. Sacto
Mrs T Christian. Cal D C Stone. Freeportlll
M A Maclane. Callstgo J B Fitzgerald. Nev
L J Evans. Napa J D Hutchinson. w and
J H Cook & w.Marysvl child. Chicago
G B Lardn«r. Auburn C Moseley. Guatemala
G W Crystal. Vacavlll C F Schwills. Sacto
E M Wilkinson. Watsv W J Phillips. S Brnrd
H H Forney, Sacto C II Harlon. Pt Rchmd
C E Phipps, Sacto S G Spagnoll. Jackson
C W Morton. Sacto F B Le Moln. Drytwn
J Clauss, 'Sacto A Sylvester, S Rosa
E Schmld. Sacto F M Smith, Tacoraa
H B Morris, Sebastopol J R Fraser, Elmira
\. A SpUzer. S Jose A M Reid. Ukiah
W R Findlay. London Mrs J Cavanagh. Petla
E T Clowe, Woodland Emma J Cavanagh,
W Fitzgerald, Stockton Petaluma
E Harrington. L Ang J J Jones. N Y
T Well, Nome D E Endriss. Sulphr 3
J H Hawtell. Chlco W E Osborne, Slphr 3
Mrs R Stevenson. Mnlo A M Reed. Reedley
J D Whalpley, Wash F W Johnson & wife.
Mrs XV R Laugenour, Marysville
Woodland G W Harney, Marysvll,
G A'Buckman. Sacto H Hawgard. Los Ang
E J Carragher, Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
J G Gulley, Santa Ana T J Kirk & w. Sacto
J W Edmunson. Chgo H M Easton & w.
J "W Coady. New York San Mateo '
W B Ellis. Boston D Drysdale&w.S Mato
G Bauman & w. N Y J C Noyes & w. Napa
L Stmaon. Oakland R G Elklns. Boston
G Wheaton & w. Oak Mrs A A Bellany.Mlch
K T Jenkins. San Jose Mrs Kohl & m. S Mat
W G Kerholt & w. Los Miss Kohl. San Mateo
Anseles H Murray, N J
E C J Smith. NY H C Moore. San Jose
W Rosenberger. NY XV XV Morrow. S Rafal
E L Howe. Chicago F Q Hodgkins, Stktn .
G Walsh. Brooklyn Miss Rains. L Ang
Mrs F W Strauss, Chg Mrs Bryant. S Mateo
Mrs S H Regensburg. D G Camnbell & w,
Chicago San Mateo
Miss Regensburg.- Chg B W Paxton & w.' Cal
Le Gage Pratt. N J E Shelby. Portland
R H Pickering. Or W R Moon. New York
T P Mattheas. Phil O H Keisker. Ky
J J Byrne. L Ang W II Carpenter. Chro
L F Coburn. Yreka W J Waller. Sacto
C M Hunter. S Cruz
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
THE SA£T FRANCISCO / CAI/L-v. THURSDAY, OCTOBER lO^ 1901.
13
typewriter's and supplies^
G^E^TniA^GAiNS We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage, Depot
Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Montgomery
St., San Francisco, Cal.. October 8. 1901.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will bo re-
ceived at this office until 10 o'clock a. m..
Thursday," October 24, 1901, Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Cam-
paign Hats, Arctic Overshoes, Russet Shoes,
D. B. Cloth S. B. Kersey. Quantities to be
subject to 20 per cent increase, if desired, by
this department. Bids will be opened for the
delivery of the same articles at either the
San Francisco, Boston. Chicago and Phlla-
| delphia Depots. To avoid misunderstanding
as to the exact nature ot the articles to be
furnished, bidders will carefully examine the
standard samples and specifications, so that
proposals may be submitted by them with a
full knowledge of what will be required. Ah
absolute compliance with standard and speci-
fications will be. Insisted upon In the inspec-
tion of the roods. Unguaranteed bids, and
bide upon samples differing from standard
and specifications, will under no circum-
stances be considered; proposals for less
quantity than advertised for will be enter-
tained. Bids for delivery or inspection at
other points than those named above will not
be considered. Early deliveries are essential.
Bidders must state In their proposals the rate
and time of delivery should contract be
awarded to them, and that no proposition
should be made which they are not positive
that they can absolutely fulfill. The articles
advertised for are the same for which blda
will be opened at the other depots. Prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (including in
the price of foreign production and manu-
facture the duty thereon), and such prefer-
ence will be given to articles of American
, production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there.
The 1 United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blanks for
proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals will be In-
dorsed "Proposals No. 9036." and addressed
to Major C. P. MILLER. Quartermaster, U.
5. Army, Depot Quartermaster. '
| MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:- - . / ••
Charles B.' Lee, 28, Big Oak Flat, and Eva-
lena Nattrass, 20. Watsonville.
Otto Ness, 25, 12H Lafayette street, and
Hilda Isaacson, 21, East Berkeley.
Arthur F. Bartmann, .21, 809 Lyon street, and
May C. Cronin. 21. 715 Franklin street
William Thompson, 82, Honolulu, and Maud
Balch, 21. city.
• Michael Tomlslch. 85, 335 Clementina street,
and Annie Galjlef, 20, 245 Natoma street.
. John M. Wilson, 36, 530 Golden Gate avenue,
and Emma C. Broughton, 30, 2910 Jackson st.
NIcodemo Glannecchlnl, -26, • 1406%- Dupont
etreet, and Isollna Lucchesl, 20, 11 Bannarn
place. —
T. C. Arias. 29. 1016% Mason street, and
Marie Pantoja, 20, 25 Stone street \u25a0»
Jacob H. Cook, 43, Marysvllle, and Etna M.
Bacon, 26, Marysville.
Samuel A. Zazzl, 24, B25 Greenwich street
and Annie Klphen, 18, 1423U Kearny street.
Alfred F. Stelner. 28, Potrero, and Mary E.
McLaughlln, 28, 611 Post street.
Thomas F. Ryan, 26, 2414 Geary street, and
Maud V. Gilmore, 23, 100 Fifth street.
Francis J. Lenahan. 23, 411 Oak street. " and
Mary E. Evatt, 17, 108 Devisadero street.
Frederick Anderson, 45, city, and Sarah Har-
rlnston, 42, city.
Fred Dematel, 21, 505 Vallejo street, and Jo-
hanna Rizzo. 18, 3458 Twenty-sixth street.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES—BEATHS.
Birth, marriage and fieath notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in Bt either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBKT.
ANDERSON— In this city. Oc'tOber 9, 1901, to
the wife of Charles. A. Anderson, a son.
COOK— In this city, October 9, 1901, to the
wife of George A. Cook, a son.
ENGEL— At Point Bonita Light Station, Octo-
ber fi, 1901, to the, wife of Hermann Engel,
a son.
NIEDT— In Oakland, October 6. 1901, to the
wife of Rudolph A. P. Nledt. a son.
MABBIED.
BARNFS-BARNES-In this city, October 8,
1901. by the Rev. Arthur H. Briggs, pastor
of Cer.tral M. E. Church. Georg-e Barnes of
- Eden Vale. Cal., and Elizabeth Barnes of
Palo Alto, Cal. •-
FRASER— UPHAM— In this city, October 8,
1901, by the Rev. Arthur H. Briggs, pastor
of Central M. E. Church. Emery J. Fraser
of Rio Vista and Mary E. Upham of Sher-
man Island.
IRBY— DORFLER— In this city, October 6,
1901. by the Rev, Dr. E. Nelander of the
First English Lutheran Church. James W.
Irby of the Presidio and Ida May Dorfler of
San Francisco.
MELCHER— SAMUEL— In this city. September
18, 1901. by the. Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, E. J.
Melcher and Bertha Samuel.
ROSENTHAL— BROWN— In this city, October
6. 1901, by the Rev. A. B. J. Brown, Harris
I. Rosenthal and Rose Brown, both of San
Francisco.
WATERMAN— KATZ— In this city. September
26, 1901, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, William
B. Waterman and Evelyn M. Katz.
~ • p .• DIED. ~~ ~~
Bettencourt Mary C. Harlem, Henry J.
Brown, Eleanor Harvey, Capt. F. W.
Brunckhorst, Sophie Holden. Wilson F.
Burner, Mary A. Krepper, Phillip
Byrnes, Nellie \u25a0 Lange, Rev. A. H.
Clerc de Landresse. Lindsey, Alex
Henri Jr. McCutcheon, Mary J.
Cochran, James Marc, Philippe
Copus, Hazel 1. O'Neal, Robert
Crossley, Dorothy O'Toole, William A.
Demartlnl. Millie Famplnella, Margaret
Delia Cruz. Victoria . Patterson. Eliza
Doherty, Dr. Wm. K. Saggau, Freddie
Fletcher, Martha P. Sehjmann. Leslie H.
Gardner, Eugene Sebelle, John B. \u2666
Graham, Hannah Stulz, William
BETTENCOURT— In Alameda, October 8, 1901.
Mary Cruz, beloved wife of A. J. Betten-
court, and mother of George, Joseph, John,
Louis and Mary Ann Bettencourt, Mrs. Mary.
Duarte, Mrs. Delphena Corderro and Mrs.
Isabella Augustine, a native of Portugal,
aged 52 years 6 months and 23 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, at her late
residence, G34 Eagle avenue, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, Oakland, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing: at 10 o'clock.
Interment St Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
BROWN— In vhls city, .October 8, 1901, Elea-
nor,- dearly beloved daughter of Charles H.
and Nellie Brown, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 9 months and 10 days.
E?"The funeral will take place to-day
. (Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 204 Clara street Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, j ...
BRUNCKHORST— In this city, October 8. 1901,
Sophie, beloved wife of John H. Brunckhorst
and mother of Mrs. M. Schneider of San
Francisco, Johannls Brunckhorst of Chicago
and Mrs. A. Guenther of Texas, a native of
Hamburg-, Germany, aged 75 years 8 months
and 26 days.
lETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock,' from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. M. Schneider, 824 Eddy
street, between Van Ness avenue and Frank-
lin street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BURNER— In this city. October 8. 1901, Mary
A ' beloved wife of Henry Burner, and
mother of Walter B. Burner, a native of
England, aged 50 years 3 months and 13
. [rj-Frlends and acquaintances and members
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) \u25a0
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgx.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBRS.
20 Fifth st, opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ' ..
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Can Mateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
rE^jgTnTTlcTjlnn^ McGINNBROsT"
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. San Francisco.
No Connpction__Wlth_Any_Other House.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager (or
the United Undertakers' ' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 10
years;P. F. Greon, late with J. C. O'Connor
Si Co., have opened new Funeral Parlors at
1171 . Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Telephone South 44. .
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
Point Lobos ave.. S. F., Cal.
The ordinance prohibiting burials in San
Francisco after the first day of August 1901,
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM; because there Is
nothing less, harmful' to the living than, the
ashes of their dead. , \u25a0 \u25a0 . . - • - - ' .• - .
Permits to cremate will be Issued by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.
PERSO^LS— -CoTij tinned.
AT cash prices: ladies' •-Mor-made suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed hat*, skirts, etc.; weekly
payments* C. F. ADAMS CO., 156 Fifth st.
PLAXIXO AND TtlRMXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 93 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONXELL— Office ajid residence,
1021H Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Kills.
A— DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-7C6 Clay st.: see testimonials at office.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOK SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $900 — Bargains in "Sunset" lota; all
graded; elegant view; $10 monthly.
{100 to $300 — Choicest Ocean Boulevard lots.
$75. $100 to 1250 — Unexcelled bargains; near
Mission-st. cars; $5 monthly.
$400 to $S0O— Cheapest' and best Richmond lots;
very easy terms.
$1000. $1300 to $3000— Splendid cottages. Rich-
mond. Sunset and Mission; easy terms.
$5000— Choice corner in Mission; great bar-
gain; 50x100, with new store and flat; rent $40.
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave.. near H st.
SOL GETZ & BRO.,
54 Chronicle building.
A— DWELLING or flats, wanted to purchase
for the income: location in the Mission or
Western Addition: property must be In good
condition: an Immediate buyer. W. J. GOXN,
630 California st.
MODERN bulk residence, wanted to purchase:
in the Western Addition. W. J. GUNN, 530
California Bt.
$50,000 TO invest in income-bearing: property;
must be a bargain.
THE PHELPS LEWIS CO..
702 Market st.
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near corner Waller and Stelner.
GEO. H. MOORE. 63 Portola st. \u25a0
$3000 — NEARLY new cottage of 4 rooms; laun-
dry tubs; 1 of 2 rooms; stable; lot 50x150. Call
after 2 p. m., 462 Douglass st., near 21st.
FOR SALE— New Mission home, five rooms,
bath; terms same as rent. 3252 Mission st.
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence, with
bath, 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mission.
HEAL -STATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
218 ACRES situated on the north -bank of the
Klarhath River, quarter of a mile from ocean;
road goes through lower portion of ranch
near house; can be made one of the choicest
dairy ranches In Del Norte County; 190 acres
bototm land: rest Is hill land; half Is under
grass; green all year round; keeps one cow
to the acre: have 70 head of cattle, l first-class
mule of 1300 pounds, 50 chickens. $75 worth of
provisions and all household furniture; all
goes at $5000, or if desired will take as part
payment an lmpupved ranch from $1500 to $6000
in any county near San Francisco Bay and
$1000 cash, or $3000 cash without ranch; bal-
ance can remain on long time, with small in-
terest; creamery only 1 mile from place. Ad-
dress owner. CHARLES FORTAIN. Requa.
Del Norte Conuty. CaL
$12.500 — ONE of the best offerings ever made;
240 acres of rich land; a modern house; hot
and cold water; over SO acres In apples and
apricots; 6 head horses; wagon, buggy and
carriage horses, chickens, cows and all house-
hold furniture; only 6 miles out and one mile
from railroad station; only <A cash; balance
long time. R. P. QUINN. real estate, Wat-
Eonvllle, Cal.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and Information. / »
JC5C0— 20 ACRES rich land: all In new town and
bellflower apples: neat cottage and large barn;
only 3 miles out and In one of the best locali-
ties In the valley; easy terms. R. P. QUINN,
real estate, Watsonville, Cal., or room 25,
Chronicle building.
FOR bargains in timber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also large list of desirable city sites. See
The Phelps Lewis' Co.. 702 Market st.
A— IF you want to buy. sell or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN. 719 Mrket St.. S. F.. office near Call big.
TO lease for J160 a year— 2-acre chicken ration;'
good house; In North Oakland (Alden): fruit,
etc. Inquire 113 Fulton St.. S. F.
1200 ACRES in the foothills; fences; 4 barns:
substantial residence; 30 acres in fruit. GEO.
XV. GIBBS & CO.. 35 and 87 Fremont st.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado County, near R_ R. Box. 222, Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma, Cal.
UI2AL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE— San Jose hours for city property
or lodging-house: value $3500. Box 1037, Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: % cash. Bank of Ala.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
J3500 PROPERTY FOr'TmOo!
Lot 60x140; sunny and convenient .to cars,
schools, etc; almost new and In first-class
order; 6 rooms and bath; owner has left
Oakland on account of sickness and must
sell; this Is a bargain and must be seen to
be appreciated.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$3000— COST of house only; lot given away.
A brand-neW 7-room house; cement base-
ment; large lot: driveway; three blocks to
local train; house opposite cost $16,000;
charming neighborhood; terms easy; an Ideal
home; street work complete; first come, first
serve. J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
J3250— TWO-STORY 7-room house; worth to
duplicate $4000; its architectural design and
finish are of very latest and best In every de-
tail; can not be appreciated as to price, lo-
cation and style without being seen.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$2700— AN IDEAL 6-ROOM COTTAGE
On a sightly elevation on Vernon Heights ad- j
joining; Senator Perkins; it is a beauty; must
be sold; lot 50 feet frontage; everything in
perfect order; in fact almost brand new; .no
reserve on this; first come, first serve.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
12500— A BANK SALE— $2500.
$100 down and easy monthly payments will
buy a cozy, nearly new modern Colonial cot-
tage of 6 rooms, bath, hall, brick foundation,
etc., with folding doors and* sanitary plumbing;
lot 30x100 feet; above the street grade, with nice
open lawn; stone walks and all street improve-
ments; insured for $2000 and all In fine condi-
tion: electric cars in front and only a few
blocks from Adeline street station; location
very desirable;- handy to schools and churches;
liberal discount for all cash.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland. .
$5 CASH. $2 50 monthly; 2 lots, 25x256; price
(39 each.
$20 cash, $5 monthly; lot 100x100; price $2S0
in all.
$50 cash. %3 monthly: 4 lots, 100x100; trees
and shrubberies; price $300.
$75 cash. $7 50 monthly; 8 • lots, 100x200; fine
oaks and laurel trees; price $575. - -
$65 cash, $10 monthly; 200x200; price $385 in
all; fine eoll, grand view, superb climate; near
electric car line; fine school; building up rapidly
with a good class of -people; no toga nor raw
winds; adjoining East Oakland; call or senil
for circular. 455 Seventh st, opposite Broad-
way station, Oakland: carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
OAKLAND FUBSITCttH FOR SILK.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. 899— Two and three connecting rooms
for light housekeeping; other rooms, f j •
CLAY, 1009 — Housekeeping rooms for married
couple or two ladles.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $14; three, $20; also Bingle, $4, $5 and up.
FOLSOM, 830—2 connecting: rooms for house-
ketVlng; yard; others, with stoves; cheap. •
FULTON, 1206, near Scott— Three unfurnished
connecting rooms; bath; laundry; reference.
QEARY, 1223 — 2 laree sunny unfurnished rooms
for housekpg.; large yard; exclusive bath; $16.v
GOLDEN GATE ave., 309— Large alcove room;
light housekeeping; no children; priv. family.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Best Tea Pot
Finest English stoneware with
perforated stone infuser,
4 cup size $ .90
6 cup size 1. 00
8 cup size 1. 10
How to make tea In the "Trilby **
Scald out with hot water. Take }£
teaspoonful $ l tea for each cup desired,
place. tea in infuser, set into tea pot, pour
on fresh boiling water, let steep 5 min-
utes, lift out infuser. The infused liquor
being free of leaves can stand all day
and remain sweet and clear.
We serve afternoons our new £1 Formosa
Oolong made in the " TrilEy " tea pot
H43 Market SL, bet 7 & & Telphone Mint 761
ROOMS FOR HOP5EKEEPIXG— Con.
GOLDEN GATE ave.,' 847— For . rent.' desirable
' furnished suite, housekeeping; reference re-
qulred. :
GOUGH. 437— Light furnished rooms, sunny;
' gas, bath. Elngle or suites; light housekeeping.
HOWARD. 539— Two nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping: rent reasonable.
LARKIN. 814A— Sunny, front housekeeping
room. . . _ •
LARKIN, 81914— Sunny front alcove rooms; light
housekeeping; gas stove; bath; U6 BO; phone.
LEAVENWORTH. 1010—3 sunny connecting
rooms, complete for housekeeping; 2 beds.
POLK 1002—3 and 5 room • suites, \u25a0\u25a0 completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
TENTH. 122, near Market— Large sunny front
room« and single;, housekeeping; reasonable.
THE Bell (1773 Market)— Sunny double parlors
with kitchen, $20; singles; phone Folsom 2432.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1091
Valencia st. \u25a0
ltOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfarn.
ALABAMA, 823— A nice sunny room; one or two
\u25a0 gentlemen. ; . , • '
ARGYLE. 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no plac«
like the Argyle; takeJMcAlllster-st. car».
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; tl 25 to $3. per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House. 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated : 25c to 75c. $1 to *3 week.
A NICE sunny suite; also single rooms; neat,
clean and cheap; bath; tel. 332 Stockton «t.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nished rma.. eultes. single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Maaon— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EUGENE, 265 O'Farrell— New house, fireproof;
new furniture: electric' elevator; 25 prlvats
suits with bath: baths free: first-class.
ELLIS, 606 — Nice sunny rooms; suitable for ona
or two eentlemen.
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single: travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 727 — Handsomely furn-
ished, sunny room; bath; gao; private;
reasonable. ' u
GOLDEN GATE ave., 120S— Fine sunny baas-
men t room, furnished or unfurnished; grate.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
St., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by th«
week or. month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars, to Turk st.
HOWARD 1018—1 large sunny front room with
gas, use of kitchen if wanted; also a small
back room: cheap.
HOWARD, .1072—3 poom3 in the rear house, W.
JONES, 923— Elegant sunny rooms; also beau-
tiful corner suite; single rooms.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Kef s — Suites new fur. ; single rooms, $10 up.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 925%— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window front rooms; gas; grate; lower fiat.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market st.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; eleo. lights; day, week. mo.
O'FARRELL, 329— Nicely furnished front room.
POWELL, 131, near Baldwin lot— Sunny rooms
to let. _^
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light;
reading-room. 6moklng-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50: week, $2 to
$S: month. $S to $20: elevator on ground floor;
' rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN. Apartment .House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. .
SIXTH. 623 — Newly furnished sunny front and
back rooms In private family. $5 month up. :
SUTTER. 320'/4 (The Stanford)— Silltes from $3
to ?7; singles, $2 to $5 per. week; transient.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. •
ROOMS AND BOARD.
• i ' • ' . /
HOTEL Lambourne — Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable In price;
\u25a0suites and single! rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy St.. near Leaven worth.
THE Crocker,. 915 Leayenworth— Fine, ' sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds,
NEWLY fur. 6ulte or single rooms with 1st
class board for couple or gentlemen; Jewish
family; desirable location; central. 1093, Call.
THE- CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness ave.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1S20 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath: board optional; single rooms.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists. *
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Exception-
ally fur. suites; beautlful'grnds; table board.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson mansion) — Select
family hotel: exceptional table: attractive rms.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — By lady student. In respectable fam-
ily, housekeeping room, attic floor; soon pos-
sible; permanent if satisfactory. Address.
box 916, Call. \u25a0
TWO or 3 furnished rooms; light housekeeping;
lady and daughter; north' of Sutter sL Box
652, Cail.
WANTED— Room in best neighborhood; plenty
of sun and first-class board. Address box
2329. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— 2 or 3 unfurnished housekeeping
rooms\near park. Address 504 California st.
KUPTIIUE SANITARIUM.
HUNTER'S RUPTURE SANITARIUM, 1205
Market; treatment free; $100 paid for any truss
as good as our new double lever rupture holder.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
— ' . 1 — . ..,_ _'_^ nrinnjt
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; teL 65S0.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
puitation free. American Dispensary. 614 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1134, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairlng;. lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE ASP 'WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell Bts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-,
slon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.'
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKUMS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1810; shipping at cut rates. •
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company,
room 16, second floor. Mills bldg., San Fran-
cisco, October 8, 1901— Dividend No. 193 of 42
cents per share on the capital stock of the
\u25a0Contra Costa Water Company will be pay-
able at the .office of said company, room 16,
second floor. Mills bldg., on October 15,
1901. Transfer books will close on October
10, 1901, at 3 p. m.
: .\u25a0 EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, room 177, Crocker building, San Fran-
clsco, Cal., October 7, 1901— Coupon No. 9,
due October 12, 1901, from first mortgage 6
per cent bonds of Sierra Railway Company
of California, will be paid at the fiscal agency
. of this company, '\u25a0 the Crocker- Woolworth
National Bank, on and after that date
S. D. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A .dividend. No. 34, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company,' 435
California St., Ban Francisco, on October 10,
1901. Transfer books close October 3, 1801. at
noon. , . ' A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE of pledgees' Bale — To, whom it may
concern: Notice is hereby given -that the un-
dersigned. EDWARD POLLITZ & CO., as
pledgees for value, will, through the chalr-
man of the Stock and Bond Exchange sell at
public. auction to the highest bidder for cash
in United States gold coin, on SATURDAY
the 12th day of October, 1901, at 11 o'clock
a. m. of that day, at the boardroom of said
Stock and Bond Exchange, room No. 62,- in
the Merchants' Exchange building, on the
south side of California St., between San-
Bome and Montgomery, in the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, one
hundred (100) shares of the capital stock of
the Paauhau Sugar . Plantation Company, a
corporation, and one hundred (100) shares of
the capital stock of the Honokaa Sugar Com-
pany, a corporation. \u25a0\u25a0 Dated ' San Francisco.
Cal.. October 9, 1901 EDWARD POLLITZ
& CO., pledgee^
LOST AXD FOITXD.
\u25a0^ ; -t In the neighborhood of Tenth and Xlar-
Th.* t-tE.. a buckle and locket with Initials of
\u25a0g> L. B. Finder kindly return to P. L. BAN-
NON. 5-3 Mission st.. and receive reward.
LOPT GoM-rlrr.raed red cameo feb charm.
Liberal imtiil by returning to £E. cor. of
Secor.d and Bryant Fts.
Lopx—Kpo *flk watch fob with charm; liberal
rew a rd . 212 Ninth gt.
LOST— A bunch of keys. Return to Call office.
LOfT—WUl two ladles return pug dog to 2403
California Ft.? They are known.
1-^~>ST— Rur.dle of tobacco revenue stamps; no
value 10 anybody: return to 2H Fremont st.
anJ receive rpward. H. BCHLS & CO.
LOST— ?!T.all lcr.c-haircd terrier dog; namt
Prince: iwtld. 2Sm Twenty-fourth st.
JT «111 ray to •"Remember" that the Califor-
nia AVatch Case Co.. 223 Sutter St.. needs old
cold nni! silver to mske r.ew watch cases.
siAir:{i;ssi> am» imllows.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
ttery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
p.ntced. KOPK12 CEOS.. 411 to 415 Powell st;
tfl. Pu?h 421.
MINES AM> MIM.XG.
DO TOD WANT TO MAKE MONEY?
1? you do, buy some stock in the Homestake
Gold Mining Co. at 30c per ehare. on install-
ment: limited number shares for tale: price
will be advanced to 40c per ehare November 1;
prospectuses mailed on application
HOMESTAKE COLD MINING CO..
6C1 California Ft., San Francisco. : Cal.
VJ2FL a fine copper proposition call at room 237.
• Palace Hntel for two days.
BIUDICAL.
liU. Olio.NXELL- All »ho ~are~sick and in
trouble- call and consult the specialist. My
niPdlcmes have been used for many years by
thoi:saii(i«; the unfortunate helped: relief in all
cases, taken; the most obstinate cases have
Ix-en relieved by my medical treatment: free
«.-or.fic>ntia] advice on all subjects of a dell-
t&te nature; all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
| ; w - O' IX) N NELL. 101S Market Bt.. cpp. Fifth.
A-MP.S. SWEET, graduate Royal Vnlversity.
Berlin; ":, years' experience in ir.idwifery
cases; utmost confidence can be placed in her:
takes nnd treats ladies before and during con.
tinemer.t : best care, attention ; confinement
115; board U week; infant* adopted. 3327 ISth
tt. ; Mission-st. cars; consultation free.
THE original MRS. DAVIES. who has been in
business here for 2T> years. Is st!ll located at
122S Market; maternity home provided: office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
MRS. D. WYETH. reliable ladies' specialist:
private home before and during confinement:
removed from Post to 110 O'Farrell st.
MRS. D. ALLEN, KIS Market— Reliable la-
dies' specialist: a prlv. home before and dur-
ing confinement: best medical care: low fees.
HIXPOOHERB AND MRS. DAVIES 1 original
method of treatmer-.t: maternity home; home
in confinement. 112C Market ft.. S. F.
GRADUATE physician will take confinement
cases, any r^rt of city: ten days' treatment.
tlO. Call and register. 705 Vallejo St.. r. 4.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladies' specialist, confinement,
removed firm Market ft. to 410 O'Farrell st.
OK. GOODWIN, the eminent ladies' spe-
* clallst, has returned from Europe; most mod-
ern method*: £." years' experience in S. F. ;
puarantees to cure all female trouble; mater-
nity hospital; fee lew. P06 Market St.. opp. 4th.
DR; KG TOY KEE. Mft Stockton St.. opp.
T"n1on eo'jar*»: all riiseas*:*!* cur*»d by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — VOIl SALE.
BOILERS, enpine*. 2d-fcand machinery. Mc-
IXTCSH & WOLPMAX. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back liars, mirr'ors. restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
f-cond hand; we always have a large 6tock of
saloon outfits on hand; 22 complete outfits on
on* floor, ready ma'i»: iff can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOUXAX. 1017. 1C19. 1021, 1023
Missicn st.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.-
GOOD firewood for sale cheap. Apply Rlsdon
Iron Works, corner Howard and BeaJe sts.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress and
Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23
Btockton et-
Graphophones, Phonographs. Gramophones. $5 to
$150; ecsy terms: children's toy graphophones.
$1 50: Id-hand Phonoprarlis. Gramophones very-
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A — BCTB, selis or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes 1 , shafting, pulleys,
etc. V.'IHt::LAW. 253-2r.5 Spear st.
IP-HAKD machinery, boilers, pipe, engines and
i <3yr>a.m'?s tioueht. jscld and exchanged- H. is.
* WHITE. Ul Mission Ft.
WATCHES, jewelry, rep. and made; cash pd.
for gold, silver and precious stones. 14 McAl-
lister St.. room 16. WM. MUXD.
HAND tenoning machine and hand ehaper
suitable for carpenter shop; also No. 2
Hooker eteam pump. US Howard sL
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought ar.d sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
J>-17 Stevenson st.. near First.
CASH register (Hallwood): brand rew; $j5:
reduction. Apply H. F. ALLEN. 202 Cali-
fornia st.
l?01 RAMI3LERS. Eagles, light Stearns, Snell
end ethers; second-hand bicycles; cheap; send
for list. LEAVITT & HILL. SC9 Larkln «t.
FINE suit*. J10: dress pants. t2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— J3 H DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 To. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny ft., near Pine.
BEAUTIFUL wax figrur* for hairdressers or
milliners; cheap. C10 Jones Bt.
FOR SALE— A complete plating outfit. 15 Polk
* street.
liARGE vault front: also larpe fireproof Bafe
cheap. PKRIAM & CO., 42 Main Bt.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bars nnd dress
cult cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 12S Ellla Et.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in etock.
_ BAKER & HAMILTON*.
JFWELRY for eale and made to order. T.
TERSHTAND. 12C Kearny et.. room 29.
MAGIC lanterns, r.ew and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 121 Post st
iGASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and Id-hand.
\u25a0 ar.d launches. J. E. DOAK. 611 Mission st.
6AFES— New ar.d second hand. THE HER-
M A N SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento gt.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 101 Montgomery st.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and size?.
JACOB KCHWERIJT. S21 Mission St.
F.NGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery-
J. BURKE. 123 Beale tt.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler** steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California St.
MISCELLANEOUS WAJVTS.
WANTED— Ticket for gentleman to Omaha or
Des Molnes; must be cheap. Box 810, Call.
"WILL pay cash for your old Bealsklns. Ad-
dress at once, box ST. Call office.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. ;706 Market Bt.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical poods. 151 9th st. : tel. Folsom 2522.
moxev to loax.
a^ju^hatTanToan company^ ~
w. J300.000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town ana country property; second
mortgage?, life Insurance & securities. Loans
. en unsettled estates, undivided Interests In
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 6024. MAN-
HATTAN" LOA-N CO., 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANV AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. ~~
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
<let my teras before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
ii Montgomery St., room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
. Late, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile intf-rest*--. corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN MURPHY CC3 Examiner building—
J5.000.000 at C7 O or less In large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc. ; financial
problem* of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
fee HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mort!capr»-!= estates, undivided Interests; chat-
tel EQortcSLge*, etc. D. J. HALLORAN,
Adams building, 206 Kearny Bt., room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1863, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
jjianos and utifkirs at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market et.; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry 6tore. 846 Market
f Ft.; ul. Main 3644. Branch 19 Third St.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary E t. ; phone Htd 1003.
ON real ertate., lrt or 2nd mortgage* and on fur-
niture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowt :st rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
Or-V- ALARIES -without •indot-Ber; other propo-
f» ii"-. S. V. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan b.
UOKeY loaned taiaried people- without secur-
ity. Hill. r. il. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California. ,
MOVKY TO^LOAN— Contlnned.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bide.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick: lowest interest; easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room. 6S.
LOANS on pianos furniture without removal,
libraries, goods In warehouse, etc. i any amt.;
lowest rates; prlv. Ormsby. 26 Montg., office 7.
ON furniture .pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly prlvfte. LICK. 116 McAllister^ st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
11000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. f r. 1.
$50,000 ON good security and city realty below
bank rate; no agents. Address box 596. Call.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and dis :
counts. 221 Parrott building. .
LOANS money on salary: no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 339 Phelan bldg.
MCSICAL I-\ STRUM I^- vrs -
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both rew and second hand, is the largest
west of Chicago and Includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. New pianos
, told upon easy payments of $6 per month:
some good pianos lor $3. $4 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers,
corner Kearr.y and Sutter sts.. San Fran-
cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth st,
Oakland.
A GOOD plan, if you want to buy a piano, is
to come to us and let us show how a really
food instrument car. be sold at a low price,
and payments made by, the month, If you
don't want to pay cash. We make a specialty
of the Decker & Son and Baumeister.
The ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.,
769 Market st.
ATTENTION, BARGAIN HUNTERS-
Seccnd-haad upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from J25 up; new up-
right planes from il73 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerlng, Ma-
eon d. Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANV p:ano sold by us taken back any time
j within 3 years and full purchase crice al-
/ lowed en a new peerless Knabe at recular
prtco; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 3C
O'Farrell Et.; established 1S50.
ALL hichest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
cole acents for famous and oldest American
makes, inciudine Hallet-Davis; irreat bar-
pain list. $50 up; Stelnway, $1S5 up; Fischer,
$1CO: Chickering. $165; 20 others; rents $2 up;
Kreat inducements to apents. 217 Geary st
A SMALL Weber upright. %\Zi>: elegant walnut
case. Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak case; Hardmai: square. J45: organs, $23
up. BOWERS & £ON, 23 Fifth St., IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON Agents. '
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
rtrike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory yrlces; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.
PIANOS— The most modern and up to date:
Pteclc. Everett. Conover. Packard. Ludwig.
Hardman an-1 many others: wholesale and re-
tail The Wiley B. Allen Co.. 933 Market st.
S. F. ; (Branch Store. 931 Broadway, Oakland).
| A PIANO, pianola and music on sale; cost J900;
j now $300; party going away. 127 Geary St.
I $50— WEBER piano: cost $450: for sale on $5
I Installment*. 130? Gough st. near Geary.
LARGE cabinet grand upright piano: great
sacrifice; rarty leaving. 40S Golden Gate ave.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
Eplelmann pianos. 30S Post st.
$j50 PIANO, nearly new. for $225; pianos with
harp attachment. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hano. uoriKht for sale cheap.
ECHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
LEFT en sale— A.ntlsell large upright $126;
Steinway. $165. 217 Geary ex.. room 36.
$50 — Emerson and 7 bargain uprights and baby
grand. Fay's' Piano Factory. 1729 Mission.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung'n. ?16 McAllister.
AT KEEFFKS. 22 Turk Et.. near Market—
Ehoninger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 20S Post St.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. J3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, rithers. old and new. H.
MTTLLKR. maker, rrnalrer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
a"— MARKET st" store; elegant fixtures; run-
ning through to Stevenson st. Apply A. M.
SPECK & CO.. 6£7 Market Bt. .
XO Lease 3 sunny lofts or'ffeparate, 65*<W feet^
eiectrlc elevator service and water tree. Ay-
ply COLLINS. £00 Mission st. '
EIGHTH 225— Fine store and two rooms; water
free; $S.
A— 2*9? 17th St.. cot. Market— Fixtures; com- ;
plete srrocery and bar: low rent.
~ Oil*.
WANTED— To buy twenty to forty acres, with
producing: well, in Kern County. J. E.
KERR. room 7. first floor Mills bldg.
OIL tank!", second-hand. It good order: all
Flzes: chean. H. S. WHITE, R1« Minion Ft.
I'AUMKKS AM» lJKCOUVrOKS.
jTc7^OMAn?E, 640 G. O. ave.: phone Polk H23;
best quality work; lowest prices: get figures.
PALMISTRY.
I H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PA11TXEIIS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted with $400 capital to engage
In sea-fishing business; good proposition. Ap-
ply 72S',j Stevenson st.
I'KUSONALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy is guaranteed to re-
store gray and faded hair to natural color;
Ftop falling, cure dandruff, grow new hall ;
not a dye; no stain, grease or oil. At drug-
gists', hairdressers or our office, 3S5 Geary St..
S. F. The Star Remedy Co., 'phone Black 4S33.
INDIAN baskets, Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
ft., largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards.
IF ALBERT J. WRIGHT, whose mother's
maiden name was Wibur, will call on or ad-
dress DR. W. D. HUNTINGTON, Central
Bank building. Oakland, Cal.. he will learn
something of interest to himself.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der, $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments, U weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Mar-
ket st., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
12 50 per bottle. For circulars, Plnus Med.
Co., 734 Valencia St., S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HAIR, birth marks, moles, removed forever
without pain or scar with electricity by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist, 35S8
Eighteenth et., corner Guerrero.
RAG carpets wove to order and for Eale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 70S Fifth, Oakland.
G. LEDERER'S hair dressing always the best;
25c all styles; shampooing, 50c; good switches,
$1. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.
HARRY H. HART— Please send me your pres-
ent address. I want to eee you. CHRIS.
NIELEON. 244 Ellis st. San Francisco.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
t CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
ADELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. '. Secret of
continual youth; 50c, postpaid; free demon-
stration; come and see us. Bon-Ton, 324 Post
M^CABE'b Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business. Emma Spreckels
bldg.. rooms 323-324. S. F. ; tel. South 381.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S. Moore, 332 O'Farrell: send for circular.
LACE curtains cleaned for 35c per pair and up.
1277 Mission street; phone Folsom 252S.
STOP that "cough" — California Lung Balsam
will do it; all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN&CO..733 Market
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
KEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress, pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ASPHALTUM paint — Fix your own roofs; 60c
per gallon. Ill Van Ness ave.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
OBESITY cured;no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO., 726 Valencia gt. bet. ISth ft l!>th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. .
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL, 817 Market st
!C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 921 Greenwich street, under the aus-
pices of Lincoln Lodge No. 1. G. A. R. A.
member of Saxon Lodge No. 1S4S. Knights of
Honor. Interment National Cemetery, Pre-
sidio.
Adolph and Emily Schumann, and brother of
Emily and Adolph Schumann, a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 year 8 months and 29
days. •
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 1307 Vermont street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
SEBELLE— In Houston. Texas. October 3. 1901.
John B. Sebelle. beloved husband of Martha
Sebelle. son of Mrs. Ellen Lyons, and brother
of Samuel T. and William T. Sebelle. a na-
tive of St. Louis, Mo., aged 45 years and 3
months.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
STULZ— In this city. October 8. 1901. William
Stulz. beloved husband of Johanna Stulz.
and father of William Jr., Fred, Henry.
Frank, George and the late Charles Stulz
and Mrs. Amelia Bank«>a native of Klppen-
heim. Baden, Germany, aged 63 years 5
months and 15 days. (Santa Rosa papers
please copy.)
of Lincoln Relief Corps No. 3 are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from Mission MasOnJc
Temple,- 2668 Mission street under the aus-
pices of Mission Chapter No. 155, O. E. S.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land.
BYRNES— In this city. October ». 1901. Nellie,
beloved daujhter of the late James D. and
Ellen Byrnes, a native of San Francisco,
aged 18 years 9 months and 21 days.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of ber aunt, Mrs. D. Allen, 1544 Howard
street, thence to St Joseph's Church, where
. a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
s for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CLERC DE LANDRESSE— In this city. Octo-
ber 9, 1901. Henri Jr., beloved husband of
Therese Clerc de Landresse, father of
Charles. Clarence, Emil. Henri and An!t*
Clerc de Landresse. son of Henri Clerc de
Landresses, and brother of Charles P.. Louis
M. and Adele M. Clero de Landresse. a na-
tive of California, aged 40 years 7 months
and 15 days. (French 1 papers please copy.)
CyRemalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. .• ' . ' \u25a0 .
COCHRAN— In this city, October 8. 1901,
James, dearly beloved husband of Annie T.
Cochran, and father of Robert Agnes and
Arthur Cochran and the late James F. Coch-
ran, a native of Carleston. St. John. N. B.,
ased BUyears.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 11H Grand street, oft Mission, be-
tween Ninth and Tenth. Interment -Holy
Cross Cemetery.
COPUS-In this city. October 9. 1901. Hazel
I., beloved daughter of J. N. and Fannie
Copus, and sister of Grace and Alice Copus.
a native of San Francisco, aged 6 years 4
months and 7 days.
CROSSLEY— In Ocean View,. October 9. 1901.
Dorothy, dearly beloved daughter of John F.
and Agne« Crossley, sister of Harold Cross-
ley, and granddaughter of Thomas Edgar, a
native of Ocean View, aged 4 months and 19
days.
DELLA CRUZ-In this city, October 9, 1901,
Victoria, dearly beloved wife of the late
Louis Delia Cruz, and loving mother of Katie
and the late Frank Delia Cruz, a native of
California, aced 44 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2, o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1221 Kearny street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DEMARTINI-In this city. October 9. 1901. Mil-
lie iDemartini. dearly beloved daughter of
Mrs. Mary Perazzi and of the late Joseph
Demartlnl, and sister of Adelalne and Alfred
Demartlnl, a native of San Francisco,- aged
11 years 4 months and 1 day.
DOHERTY— In this city. October ». 1901, Dr.
William K., beloved husband of Engellna
Doherty, and father of Charles and Grace A.
Rallens, a native- of Ireland, aged 70 years
5 months and 13 days. . \u25a0 \
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street near Twenty-first
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
riage.
FLETCHER— In this city. October 8, 1901. Mar-
tha P. Fletcher, beloved daughter of George
"W*. and Anna M. Fletcher, a native of San
Francisco, aged 15 years and 7 months.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 12 o'clock noon, from the
Church of the Advent. Eleventh street, near
Market Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oakland, by 1 o'clock creek boat.
GARDNER— In this city, October 7, 1901, Eu-
gene, beloved husband of Marie Gardner, a
native of Mulhausen. Alsace, aged 38 years.
(Cincinnati, Ohio, papers please copy.)
(LTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Fidelity Lodge No. 120,
F. and A. M. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
GRAHAM— In this city." October' 8, 1901. Han-
nah, beloved wife of Anthony Graham, and
sister of Joseph H. and James -T. Gannon, a.
native of San Francisco, aeed 32 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from, her late resi-
dence. 1032V4 Folsom street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem,
. mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Live Oak Circle
No. 29, C. of F. of A. — You are hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral of our late com-
panion, Mrs. H. Graham (nee Gannon) to-
morrow (Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her
late residence, 1032% Folsom street. By order
of the C. C. N. ROTHMAN. Sec.
HARLEM— In Marysvllle. Henry J. Harlem,
beloved husband of Frances Harlem, father
of Clarence and Jack Harlem, and brother
of Louis Harlem of Sanger and Benjamin
Harlem of Fresno, a native of London. Eng-
land, aged 43 'years 7 months and 23 days.
C?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
HARVE Y— In this city, October 9, 1901, Cap-
tain F. "W. Harvey, father of Mrs. Dr. W.
A. Martin, a native of England, axed 73
.. years.- - — . - '-»_«• v — ~^ *\u25a0\u25a0
Ey Friends are Invited to attend the funeral-
services to-morrow (Friday), at 11 o'clock, at
St. Stephen's Church. Fulton street, near
Fillmore.' " Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
HOLDEN— In this city, October 8. 1901, -Wilson
Falrbank Holden. beloved husband of Alice
Fisher Holden. and eldest son of the late Dr.
and Mrs. E. S. Holden, aged 43 years and 6
months.
IC^The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock, from. 1440 Benton
. street, Alameda. Morton-street station via
narrow-gauge; Bay-street station via broad*
pause.
KREPPER— In this city. October 8. 1901, Phil-
lip, beloved husband of Marie Krepoer. a
soldier of France during the war of 1870, a
native of France, aged 58 years 4 months and
22 days. . .
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 612 Franklin street Interment St
Mary's Cemetery.
LANGE— In this city, October 7. 1901, Rev.
Andreas H. Lanre, beloved husband of Karen
Lange, and father of Martin O. Lanjre and
Mrs. Martha M. Johnsen. a native of Dram-
men, Norway, aged 40 years 6 months and 27
days. Pastor of the Scandinavian Lutheran
Seamen's Mission.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the, funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 136 Twelfth street, thence to Our Sa-
vior's Scandinavian Evangelical Lutheran
Church, Howard street, where services will
commence at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemeteryy.
LINDSEY— In this city. October 8. 1901. Alex.
/ beloved husband of Josephine Lindsey, and
father of Robert. Myron, Margaret. Joseph
and Virginia J. Lindsey, a member of James
A. Garfleld Post No. 34, G. A. R.. a native
of Boston, aeed 5S years 10 months and 19
days.
[CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street. In-
terment National Cemetery.
MEMBERS of James A. Garfleld Post No. 84.
and comrades of the Grand Army g-enerally,
are invited to assemble at the post room at :'
o'clock to-morrow (Friday), to attend the
funeral of our late comrade, Alexander Llnd-
sey.^Interment National Cemetery, Presidio.
' A. E. COHN, Commander.
F. E. MYERS. Adjutant
McCUTCHEON— In Oakland. October 7. 1301,
Mary Jane McCutcheon, beloved mother of
Mrs. Walter Williams and John A. Mc-
Cutcheon, and sister of John, Gabriel anl
Robert Sanderson and Mrs. Catharine Stutt.
a native of Ireland, aeed 68 years.
(ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day- (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence, 661 Sycamore street. Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
MARC— In this city, October 8, 1901, Philippe
Marc, beloved husband of Flora Marc, father
of AuRUSte and Emelle Marc, and stepfather
of Gustave and Alfred Champreux, a native
of Paris, France, aged 69 years. ,
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 13 Morris avenue, oft Harrison street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
O'NEAL— In this city, October 9, 1901, Robert,
.. husband of Almlra O'Neal, and father of L.
D.O' Near and Mrs. D. \V. Gedney, a native
of New York, aged 75 years 1 month and 2S
days.
O'TOOLE— In this city. October 8, 1901. Wil-
liam A., son of Mary T. and the late Wil-
liam O'Toole. a native of San Jose, Cal..
aged 25 years and 6 months.
tCTThe. funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1114 Pare street,, thence to St
Agnes Church, where mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. In-
terment private. Please omit flowers.
PAMPINELLA— In this city, October 9. 1901.
at 702 McAllister street. Marsraret P«m-
plnella, beloved mother of S. Famplnella and
Mrs. F. M. Shutz. a native of Newburyport,
Mass., aged 74 years 8 months and 24 days.
PATTERSON— In. this city, October 9, 190L
Eliza, dearly beloved wife of Robert H. Pat-
terson, and mother 'Of- John H.. Rebecca.
Eliza Jr., Hazel and Mary Frances . Patter-
son,- a native of Ireland, aged 36 years 11
months and 22 days. (Notice— New York
papers please copy.)
IC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
: dence, 1903 Dupont street, between Chestnut
and Francisco. ,
SAGGAU— In this city. October 7, 1901, Fred-
die Saggau, beloved son of Henry Saggau
and of the late Margaret Saggau, *nd brother
of PhllllD Saggau, a native of Sao Fran-
cisco, aged 16 years 2 months and 6 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.;
SCHUMANN— In this city, October 8. 1901. Les-
lie H.. youngest and dearly beloved son of
Florist Co.
\y^f f ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.N«aELUs 2S£ 5056Charles Fair's New Automobile.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles L.. Fair returned
yesterday from an extended tour of Eu-
Dr. C C. O'Donnell is about to file his
petition of 5316 names of voters. He is
making a tremendous fight for Mayor and
is speaking to enthusiastic audiences in a
different district every night. \u2666
The suit of H. F. . La Motte of Phila
delphia against the Southern Pacific for
$5000 for damages which he alleges he sus
tained through the failure of the com
pany to validate an Epworth League
excursion ticket was heard yesterday be
fore a jury in Judge Hunt's court. "When
La Motte applied to the manager of the
Transcontinental Passenger. Association
to have his ticket validated he gave a
sample of his handwriting, which was so
at variance with the signature on the
ticket that he was refused. He said yes
terday the reason his s-.lgnature was dif-»
ferent was because of his having im
bibed too much champagne.
Wine .Affected Handwriting.
Mrs. Abby M. Parrott, $100; R. R. Thomp
son, 150: A. Merle & Co., $25; Mrs. R. R.
Thompson, $20: Weinstock, Lubin & Co., $20;
Jonas Scjioenfeld, $20; Cantaln A. C. Preese,
$10; B. F. Barton, $10; Oro Fino Parlor. N. D.
G. "W., $10; J. B. Relnsteln. $10; staff of Royal
Insurance Company, $28; First Hungarian Mu
tual Aid Society, $5; Yee High— Sing, Red
Bluff, $2; Richard Baumgartner, Oakland, $1;
Bancroft-Whitney Company. $50; B. Pasquale
Company. $10: J. R. Gates, 417 Sansome street,
$5. Previously resorted, > $16,268 67. Total to
date, 516,643 S7.
McKinley Memorial Fund.
The McKinley memorial fund was fur
ther increased yesterday by the following
subscriptions:
A complaint asking the Superior Court
to enjoin the Board of Election Commis
sioners and Registrar Walsh from desig
nating the candidates of. the "Socialist
party" as . candidates . of the "Socialist
Labor party" was filed yesterday. The
complaint alleges that irreparable dam
age will be done the candidates if they
are thus designated. , ." .
Socialists Object to Name.
In writing from New York. an official of
one of the prominent English railways,
who rode on the Pennsylvania limited,
says: "I had a most pleasant journey
from Chicago to New York.- Your train
lar surpasses anything we aspire to in
England."
The famous Pennsylvania limited de
parts from Chicago union station every
day at 5:30 p. m. on its twenty-four-hour
run to New York. Special- information
regarding the superior transportation fa
cilities offered by the Pennsylvania short
lines can be obtained by addressing A.' S.
J. Holt. Pacific Coast Agent, SO Montgom
ery street, San' Francisco. - ' •
The Pennsylvania Limited.
The Registrar's office- will remain open
until 12 o'clock to-night to accommodate
those who have changed their place of
residence since the Presidential election.
Registrar .Walsh expects a large rush of
voters at the last minute and accordingly
has sworn in twenty-five extra clerks to
facilitate the work,. Registration closed
several weeks ago and only those who
have moved can now get on the great reg
ister.
Last Opportunity to Register.
: The United Labor party came near be
v ing denied a place on the official ballot
by the Board of Election
yesterday. The petition, presented by 4 the
party purported to be signed by- ?052 elec
tors, but an investigation by the Regis
trar's deputies developed the fact that 699
of the signers were not on the great reg
ister. This left 2353 bona fide signers, but
further investigation showed that out of
five sub-petitions one-sixth of 1 per cent
of the signers had voted at the last pri
mary and testified their allegiance to one
or other of the two great political par
ties. It was figured that this would re
,duce the 2353 signers by at least 150 votes,
but this was not taken into account by
the commission. As only 1955 signers were
required, the commission decided that th$
applicants had filled all the requirements
and so accorded the candidates of the
United Labor party a place on the ticket.
Many Signers of United Labor Party
Petition Not on the Great
Register.
The residence of Philip H. Hink, 4028
\u25a0Seventeenth street, was entered early
Tuesday morning by some unknown per
son, who cut off the long tresses , of his
daughter Alice, 16 years old, ..• who j was
sleeping on a cot in the hallway. ". A por
tion of the. cut hair was found upon her
pillow. . It is thought the scissors wielder
entered' the dwelling through a rear win
dow and went directly to where the young
lady was sleeping. No motive vcan be as
signed by the parents for the deed.
On the previous day the residence was
entered and $5, which i was In a work
basket in the dining-room; was -taken.
The thief also gathered up a quantity of
Hink's clothing . preparatory, .to its j re
moval, but was evidently, frightened off.
The police are disposed. to blame a num
ber of young men who reside in the vicin-'
ity. •• \u25a0• -\u25a0• \u25a0
Unknown Midnight Prowler Enters
Mission Home and Despoils Miss
Alice Hink of Her Hair.
GETS PLACE ON TICKET.
BEREFT OF HER TRESSES
WHILE SHE WAS SLEEPING
Young Ladies Give Entertainment.
The members of the Young Ladies' In
stitute who will have charge of a booth
at the comins fair for the benefit of St.
Mary's Cathedral gave an interesting en
tertainment last night at Union Square
Hall. Among those who participated were
Master Joseph Kelly, Frank P. Scully,
Thomas Hickey, O. J. Lercher, Eddie
Dale, Duke Wilkins, Miss Kittie McShane,
Miss Ina Allan * and Miss Lillie Byrns.
Dancing concluded the programme.
lt will require 150,000 ballots to supply
the demands in San Francisco. That is
two for- each voter. Registrar Walsh
ordered 310 re"ams at $2 50 per ream, and
was informed that there were only five
reams left in the custody of the Secretary
of State. If there were 500 sheets to the
ream there would be a margin of 5C03 to
operate upon, but as the count is usually
short Registrar Walsh does- not know
what to do. as printers and pressmen
sometimes spoil a few sheets of paper.
"Any way you figure this proposition,"
said Registrar Walsh yesterday, "leaves
us no margin. The paper Is fifteen inches
wide by twenty-five inches long;, if you
reverse the paper is twenty-flve Inches
long and fifteen inches wide. We have to
take the shorter side to print the tickets,
as they will exceed twelve and a half
inches in length. Instead of being able to
Secretary of State Curry is reported to
be short of the "butter paper" he fur
nishes according to law to municipalities
for official ballots. Registrar Walsh has
been trying to figure out how he can fix
up the municipal ballot in accordance
with law and give to each party a top of
column position. He has until Tuesday,
next to arrange the ballot.
The independent candidate who seeks a
place on the ticket is in, a bad fix. Elim
ination is the order of the day. One in
dependent candidate for- Coroner has felt
the official axe, and Dr. Leland, the pres
ent Coroner, has declined to run for the
unexpired term. This helps the Registrar
out a little bit. but the size of the ticket
is against him.
Under the law each party must be
placed under a separate and parallel
heading. This will give the Republican,
Democratic and Socialist parties a head
ing. The fourth column will be headed
"Independent" and sub-headed "Union
Labor Party." The law is particular as
to the size of type and the space between
each name. But as the Union Labor par
ty did not nominate four candidates there
is a mortise on the ticket which will per
mit the printing of three or four addi
tional names. Bring in another ticket to
Registrar Walsh and the whole election
will have to go by the board, for there is
not enough election "butter paper" to
carry out the plain injunctions of the
law. ~-
The ashes of the late Charles Levy,
who died at Stockton on Tuesday, were
cast, in accordance with his dying re-
Quest, to the four winds of heaven from
the top gallery of the Cliff House yes
terday. The ceremony was solemnly con
ducted at the hour designated by Levy
on his dying bed. The sun, sinking in
the western horizon, cast a golden glow
over sea and land when the executors
of the dead man appeared on the balcony
bearing the urn which contained all that
was mortal of the deceased. It was care
fully opened and when the flaming orb
sank below the distant water line its con
tents were cast forth.
The remains of the deceased were in
cinerated at Odd Fellows' Crematory dur r
ing the afternoon under the supervision
of Executors Arthur L. Levinsky and
Henry Eshbach. When the ashes were
I turned over to them they departed, for
the Cliff House together with R. Gnekow
; and Thomas E. Cooney, old friends of the
deceased. Upon their arrival at the Cliff j
House they met John D. Spreckels and j
Herman Oelrichs, to whom they com- ;
municated the object of their \isit. The
executors • expressed their reluctaYice to
the performance of the task imposed upon
them, whereupon Mr. Spreckels as well
as Mr. Oelrichs consented to participate
In the ceremony. The party then ascended
to the topmosj. balcony facing the ocean |
\u25a0 and there, in pursuance of the provisions I
of Levy's will and of his repeated re- '
quests made during his lifetime, the pale I
ashes were wafted forth to the breeze. |
The telegrams . published yesterday
stated that Levy was anxious that his
ashes should not be cast to any breeze
that blew in the direction of Stockton,
.the inference being that he had no love j
for the city In which he won a comfort- j
able fortune as a peddler. Executor Le- |
vlnsky denies this emphatically. He says
that Levy loved Stockton and her people
and that his Bole reason for requiring his
e shes to be scattered in this city was to
relieve the executors of the task of carry
ing them to Stockton after the cremation.
Levy was an old bachelor and some
what eccentric. He left a considerable
estate, which Is divided among relatives,
some of whom, it is stated, live in this
city. Be that as it may none of these
were present at the ceremony described. |
The application of M. J. White, secre
tary of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children, for letters of guard
ianship over the person of Nellie Allen, a
14-year-old girl, was heard by judge Cof
fey yesterday. The child is a member of
the Biter household at San Rafael, where
she has been living for four years. Mrs.
Biter is opposed to the transfer of the
custody of the child to White* and wants
to be appointed the guardian.
Secretary White contends that the Biter
home is not the proper place for the girl.
The members of various prevention of
cruelty societies and residents of San Ra
fael testified yesterday that Mrs. Biter
was a fit person to have control of the
child, and the little girl told the Judge
that she wanted to remain where she was.
The Biters are vegetarians, and this is
one of the reasons advanced by White for
the removal of the child. Drs. Mattner
and Lyford testified yesterday that a
vegetable diet was not injurious but ben
eficial to young people.
Several witnesses testified to the man
ner in which the Biters conducted their
home, and the case was then continued
until October 18.
Grave Problem Confronts
Board of Election
Commissioners.
Eccentric Charles Levy's
Dying Request Car
ried Out.
VEGETABLE DIET NOT <
INJTTHIOTJS TO CHILDEEN
A resolution was adopted providing for
the holding of a ratification meeting at
Metropolitan Temple next Wednesday
evening. • / . \u25a0
A dispute arose as to the identity of one
of the committeemen from the Fortieth
Assembly District. It appears there are
two men in the district of the name of
Richard O'Connor. One of \u25a0 these, how
ever, has the initial "C." and his election
was disputed by the friends of the man
who. is plain Richard. It is claimed that
the. latter was the one nominated and
elected, and- the contention as to identity
was brought before the committee. It was
decided to refer the matter to the district
delegation ot the municipal convention
for determination, by a new election or
otherwise. • ..
Naturalization— George McElroy (chairman),
James Mooney, J. E. O' Brien, James Nell,
Louis Ferrari.
Resolution— Joseph Slye (chairman). W. A.
Kelly, E. P. Enrlght, Eustache Cullinan,
Joseph Flanigan.
The resignation from the committee of
Samuel Braunhart, he having received
the nomination for Supervisor, was sub
mitted and accepted.- Charles Gildea was
appointed in his place.
On motion of R. G. Maguire the consti
tution and by-laws of the old. committee
were adopted as the guiding laws for the
new organization.
Chairman McDonald announced the fol
lowing, committees for service during the
campaign:
Organization— Louis ffT Mooser (chairman),
Louis de F. Bartlett, Joseph Plunkett, J. W.
Shanahan, T. W. Hickey, Leo Kauffman.
Finance— C. A. Sweigert (chairman), Charles
H. Holcomb. T. P. Riordan, J. W. Reilly,
Thomas J. Horan.
Registration— M, H. Hernan (chairman), C.
J. Ward. Henry McGrath, Nelll Beggs, W. W.
Sanderson. Porter Ashe.
The newly appointed Democratic Coun
ty Committee met in Native Sons' Hall
last night and formally perfected organi
zation by electing Jasper McDonald
chairman, Thomas W. Hickey secretary
and T. P. Riordan treasurer.-*,
as Chairman and He Announces
the Committees.
New Body Chooses Jasper McDonald
DEMOCRATIC COUNTY
i COMMITTEE ORGANIZES
BALLOT PAPER
IS VERY SCARCE
CAST HIS ASHES
TO THE BREEZE
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 9.— The Secretary
of State has between 100 and 110 reams of
ballot paper left, after having filled San
Francisco's order for 305 reams. Sacra
mento will use ten or fifteen reams in No
vember. Clerks in the Secretary of
State's office say that . there is enough
paper for all purposes.
Deny Story of Scarcity.
When Secretary of State Curry sent
down the same quality of "butter paper"
last year, at the same price charged this
year, the Board of Supervisors refused
to pay the bill. This year Secretary of
State Curry demanded cash in advance.
As there was no option lef^the Board of
Election Commissioners ordered the pay
ment of .the money. The paper is here,
but the Commissioners do not know what
to do with it, especially if mistakes are
made in the printing. As the matter
stands the printer who has the contract
for printing the ballots is about as badly
off as the Registrar of Voters.
bench of the Circuit Court of the
first juflicial circuit. Territory of Hawaii.
He is feeling in high spirits and asserts
that he won his fight against the Bar
Association of the islands with flying
colors. '
The Bar Association filed five charges
against Judge Humphreys with Attorney
General Knox of Washington. Judge
Humphreys' answers to these charges
cover forty-nine pages of closely printed
matter. In this book of answers Judge
Humphreys adds as "exhibits" his charge
to the Grand Jury in the February term,
1901, relative to the dens of vice at Iwilei,
the charge of the Hon. Morris M. Estee
on the same subject to the Federal Grand
Jury in April of this year and the report
print two at a time and cut the paper, we
can only print one, and the rest of the
paper must go to waste. The margin is
only sufficient .to comply with the law as
regards perforation, numbering and other
details. We gain a little by the fact that
the Union Labor party is short four nom
inees, and under that column must go the
names of all independent candidates. We
have just about two Inches to spare, and
that is all that is left for independent
candidates."
JUDGE ABRAM S. HUMPHREYS
of Honolulu, who recently returned
from Washington, D. C, will sail
shortly to resume his seat on the
rope and are at the Palace. While in
Paris Mr. Fair purchased an automobile
that eclipses any machine of its kind ever
seen in this city. It has a twenty-four
horsepower engine and is built for great
speed. It has been shipped from New
York and is expected to arrive here
shortly.
Some of the answers made by the Judge
are very sensational. In reference to the
charge that he still continued to hold a
large Interest in the Republican after he
took his seat on the bench, he says, after
stating that he did all in his power to
sell his stock:
About January and about March, 1901, I was
negotiating: for the sale of my Interest, and
that of my mother-in-law, in said paper. In
each Instance the sale was not consummated
because, on each occasion, the Advertiser (the
organ'of the Dole administration and of those
opposed to me) seized the opportunity to attack
In its columns the value of the newspaper and
plant and so alarmed the intending purchasers
that the sale fell through. I believe that such
attacks were \ made advisedly at those times
In order that. I should not be able to dispose
of my interest fn said paper and In order that I
might still be kept unwillingly In the position
of a Judge who was the controlling stockholder
In a newspaper, 'thereby affording a specious
ground of continued attack upon me.
of Victor H. Olmstead, special investi
gator sent from Washington.
" From the most trustworthy information
obtainable the opinion is derived that the
association of liquor dealers will indorse
for Mayor either Wells or Schmitz. The
latter seems to have a slight preference.
Tobin for some reason is hardly consid
ered in the race for the indorsement,
whatever his chances may be in the gen
eral contest for public favor.
A meeting, of the association was held
recently at the headquarters of the or
ganization, 214 California street. Repre
sentatives were present from the various
organizations comprising the .association
and a lively discussion ensued of the pros
pects of an interesting campaign. An as
sessment sufficient to cover the expenses
of. preliminary arrangements for the cam
paign was levied and promptly met by all
the organizations represented - at the
meeting. • .
The liquor dealers are not doing •poli
tics, but business. No distinctions are
made as t,o politics. All the candidates
for the Mayoralty, the City Attorneyship
and the flfty-four candidates for Super
visors will be carefully canvassed and a
few days before election every liquor deal
er in the city will be notified as to the
men who have been indorsed.
There will be ' no indorsing of Police
Judges, as there is a feeling that all the
men nominated are "liberal."
The candidates for office begin to per
ceive that they must get out and make
an active individual canvass in order. to
achieve success at the polls. The loyal
supporters of the grand old Republican
party and the indorsers of the time hon
ored principles of Thomas Jefferson seem
to fancy that this is an off season in poli
tics and a good time for. the best man to
win. The taxpayers are > making inquiry
regarding the . candidates for the Board
of Supervisors. The leading candidates
for Mayor— Asa R. Wells, Joseph S. Tobin
and Eugene E. Schmitz— are fairly well
known to the voting population, but many
of the nominees for Supervisors are un
known outside of their respective dis
tricts. Property owners and other citi
zens who are deeply interested In the
prosperity of the city deem it essential
that the best men available should be
chosen for Supervisors.
There will be a liquor dealers' ticket In
the field again this year. It/ will be put
out a few days before election by the San
Francisco Protective Association,, an or
ganization made up of delegates from the
German Saloonkeepers' Association, the
Retail Grocers' Association, the Beer Bot
tlers' Association, the Soda Water Bot
tlers' Association, the Retail Liquor Deal
ers" Association, the Barkeepers' Associa
tion and the, Grocers' Union. These or
ganizations cover the local field of liquor
dealers. For the last eight years they
have been working as a unit at election
times as the San Francisco Protective As
sociation.
Democrats Name Committees
to' Conduct the Local '
Campaign.
Wells or Schmitz to Get
.the Indorsement for
Mayor.
LIQUOR DEALERS
ARE IN COUNCIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 10, - 1901.
Book Filed With Attorney General Knox
Covers Eighty-Four Pages of. Answers
. and Criticism of the Dole Administration
JUDGE HUMPHREYS MAKES
MOST SENSATIONAL REPLY
JURIST NOW ON WAT TO HAWAII
TO RESUME LABORS ON THE
CIRCUIT BENCH.
14
\u25a0 Hale's. ; | i :\! \u25a0 Hale'a.
Market Street, 1 A Market Street, l
Opposlte Golden . I ABp [/Sff£^^*^^^^^^J£!*^&^ Onposlto Golden I
Gate Avenue. I s^ ~^c^^2n**n. COOD^^^^- Gate Avenue. . I
An Impressive Display of
New Belts and Buckles.
New York's lat?st things. In fact, you couldn't do better
if you were shopping in New York. We keep expert shoppers
there every day in the year. That's how we happen to
Show So Many Pretty Styles.
., Will you share our good fortune? '
The variety is as broad and. the styles ar satisfying as is
possible to find. We can but hint of the fullness of the stocks.
Shaped Black Belts 5Oc— Morocco New Folded Belts 5Oc— Black satin,
and enameled. They are made to fit with eight tucks and a handsome dip
the form; gives a very striking: ap- buckle in gold or oxidized,
pearance. Set off with stylish clasp. TSiek#»rt "RoHa <a-i**— Black satin VA
Others at 85c $1.00 and 51.50. iSft.^f&.fe^a? ornament 'to thl
New Dip Buckles 23c- Beautiful ef- back; a very striking clip buckle,
fects, heavy; gold, oxidized and gold or oxidized. In front.
French gray. Stylish Beaded Belts 81. OO-Trlm-
Shell Did Buckles 50c— Set off with med with a broad beaded buckle-
turquoise, emerald and rubies. The quite effective. Others at $1.25 and
most effective of them all. $1.50.
Great Flannel Occasion.
We ire starting the flannel season this week with some
extraordinary values. The chief reason is to get folks started
here for their flannels. Our flannel stock is so complete that
we can please everybody, no matter what their taste or their
purse may be.
lOc Tennis Flannels To-day 8c.
They're in plain pinks, light blues and creams; are heavy fleeced qual-
ity; three cases laid aside for selling at this reduced price.
Wrapper Flannels 10c— Dark, figures and stripes, cashmere finish, large
variety of patterns.
New Imported Flannels 15c, 16 2-3c, SOc — Heavier quality than com-
mon, medium and light colors, quite suitable for skirts and shirting.
75c French Flannels 50c,
They; were first on sale Monday and created quite a stir. The assortment
was of course quickly spoiled, but we've replenished it for the last of the
week. They're just the thing for wrappers and waists.
Hats You'll Like $5.00.
— So Stylish. — So Practical.
— So Sensible. — So Original.
They are prettier hats than you'd expect to get for five
dollars. They are products of creative genius— copies of the
imported hats. You couldn't get higher conceptions or more
artistic beauty if you bought the originals, paying three and
four times five dollars for them.
We never worked so hard to excel as we have this fall in
these five-dollar hats. .
There are scores and scores of styles — each distinctive.
Professional milliners in the salon ready to find the one most
becoming to you. Second floor. I ,
To Out=of=Town Patrons —
Do you know the merits of our Mail Order Department— quickness, ac-
curacy—good goods at the least price — send in your orders from this adver-
tisement. \u25a0>
BECHEiEEEHEnEBBKHBHnBEHHEEBSHEEBEBEESHSBSBHaaS
\u25a0 £flJRfl$f£ The Perfected ]
B &yz*Z!r*& American Shoe, S
S B
g Only in Europe are SOROSIS shoes sold g
I for more than $3.50 (where restrictive tariff I
S duties have made it necessary to charge $5.00 |
i per pair). Their sale has been wonderful. 8
\u25a0The price in this country remains $3.50, g
\u25a0 notwithstanding the feports circulated that i
g they would be sold at $5.00 after December g
1 1. SOROSIS shoes are only to be had at I
is . \u25a0
\u25a0 50 T0IRD STREET, S. F., g
i Second shoe 6tore from Market. a
S . \u25a0£•>£ i * \u25a0 H '
| Agents for the celebrated Burt & Packard §
| Korrect Shape $4 shoe for men. |
lannHHEESBnnBnnHnsKHEBaQEBcsaaBqRHEaHaEBEEJEgEaa
LAST SALE OF THE YEAR
—OF—
MUSLIN
UNDERWEAR!
Our Eastern buyer, ' by chance,
bought from a manufacturer about
One Hundred a Dozen GOWNS,
CHEMISES and DRAWERS at
- 111 v
Will PlaceThem OnSaleTo=day
These garments are made" of the
best MUSLINS, CAMBRICS and.
LAWNS, and trimmed with fine
Embroideries, Insertions, Laces,
Hemstitchings and Tuckings.
\u25a0 Many are worth double the price
we've marked them to sell for.
4Oc........:...for 65c Nightgowns
4 « c -.. for 75c Nightgowns
<> 9c .for $1.00 Nightgowns
OOc . • • X for $1.25 Nightgowns
9 »c.. for $1.50 Nightgowns
18c for -35c Hemstitched Drawers
20c for 35c Embroidery-Trimmed
Drawers.
lOc for 35c Lace-Trimmed Drawers
SOc for 50c Embroidery or Lace
Trimmed Drawers. f
43c for 65c Embroidery \u25a0\u25a0' or Lace
Trimmed Drawers.
48c for 75c Embroidery or Lace
Trimmed Drawers.
CJ»c for $1.00 Embroidery or Lace
Trimmed Drawers.
25c . . . I for 40c Chemise
33c. for 50c Chemise
4'"»c.... ...for 75c Chemise
60c for $1.00 Chemise
,WB CLOSE AT SIX O'CLOCK./
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Between Taylor and Jones. "J
- - AI>VERTISETVrTriVTS. " _ _ _ _ __ _
R : Living in ShoesF Eg
Los*. means, to children, running and romp- H
BUbT^P ing — leading the strenuous outdoor life pf
rakS^^ that is necessary to the physical devel- ||
E«f"^r^ &N opment of youth. The only shoes that ||
Igr^Nf 7 give little feet free play and a chance to ||
jBlLj VJI develop along natural lines are the or- pi
ft IK If thopedic shoes we carry in our JUVEN' ==?!^B
i M K !LE DEPARTMENT. Our fall styles for '
m T3& children are prettier than any ever before /$Sis&
jj shown in this city. Moreover, they are
U better made, and will hold together and /^^a^[
if keep their shape as well as the best ff/jSM \
jj shoes for older people. We offer for chil- O?j|il=ipj|
| dren the highest product of the shoe-
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS...
WARM AIR.
STEAM.
HOT WATER,
...OIL STOVES...-
BLUE FLAME.
WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS. •
NO ODOR.
£2 smokI: 309 to 3/7 Market Street,
San Francisco.
advertisements!
stuck in the mud.
You will b« as surely stuck, if you
put your money into a poor, cheap ve-
hicle made by irresponsible manufac-
turers, who do not even put their name
on the vehicle they manufacture.
Four hundred vehicles shown on our
floor.
RftOS.fPMPANY
Market and Tenth Streets.
High-Priced
Eye-Glass
Lenses replaced for 50 Cents. If astig-
matic $'.00 or $1.50.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repairing
factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
OPTICIANS^ JoSS^-JW"*.
642 Market St. instruments
undib chronicle Bun.DiN&. CATALOGUE FREE.
For Stomach Disorders,
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
;\u25a0/;" -v; 22O BROADWAY. N. T.
SPECIAL SALE
TBUHSDAY^FBIPAY— SATP8DAY.
GOOD FOOD IS ESSENTIAL. TO GOOD
HEALTH. YOU PURCHASE HEALTH
WHEN YOU GET YOUR GROCERIES
HERE. WE NEVER CARRY ANY-
THING BUT THE BEST. AS TO OUR
PRICES. THEY ARE WITHIN YOUR
REACH.
BUTTER, square. 40c
Choice Creamery.
CLARET, gallon 35c
A good old table •wine.
Regularly SOc.
IMPORTED MACARONI, pkg.. I2£c- '
Spaghetti. Vermicelli and Pasta. ! v *
Regularly 15c.
MANTLES, "Princess." each 20c
For Welsbach Gas Lights.
A "new cap and burner gauge
accompanies each mantle and
insures a perfect light. : i
Regularly 25c.
BLACKBERRY BRANDY, Dot 50c
Recommended for medicinal use.
Regularly S5c. • , :
PATE DE FOIE 6RAS ? round tin 25c /
With truffles— makes delicious sandwiches. J
Regularly SOc.
WASHING POWDER, 4-lb-pkg 20c
Swift's— Superior to all others,
for general use.
Regularly 25c.
0 K WHISKEY, hot 75c
2SSLF" 11 * Gallon
Regularly $1 00 and ft 00.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE CAKEFUI.
ATTENTION.
CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON SJ., neap Market
TELEPHONE MAIN 5S22.
ROXBURY CARPETS,
Only 65c.
Sewed, lined and laid. We have full
lines of Smith's, Sanford's and other
tapestries at low fijru'res— a* larj?e
line, also, of Velvets. Body Brussels
and Ingrains surprisingly low. Tur-
kish, 'Velvet, Brussels and Tapestry
Rugs, way down. Linoleums and
Mattings, too. We furnish your
house completely.
THE J.NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
(Incorporated).
IOI7-IO23 MISSION STREET.
Above Sixth. San Francisco.
W» close at 6 p. m. every day but Saturday. I
E
MArKeT^T? JT^SaSf
[Weekly Call. SI Der feS