¦ L — Epworth Lcajrae
\'-W~ v convention now cIoh
ln? liaM been the most
H remarkable In the lils
¦ ' .."• tory of* the organisa
tion. The attendance
~ has been., enormous.
The . npeeches have been unti
¦nally able, nnd the spirit . of
_ all ; the* meeting;*'. ha« been
uniformly kooiI. En th u.i la«ni
' rose mountain : hi eh nt the
. Snndny meetingf" and .the
-~ clortnc' ncenen have-' never
>'v; been'f approached ''by ' nny re
-¦ Hgioos meeting I have 'ever
- attended. * V "• -" C ; T •.." •". _', r - '•, ! ¦•
..-, JOHN F*. . BERRY, '.
'.jGeneral ' . Secretary Interna
• 4 - 1 tlonal Epworth' League.
PRONOUNCES
CONVENTION
BIG SUCCESS
Continued on Page Twt,
THE closing session, of the Interna
tional Epworth League' Convention
attracted an audience of several thou
sand people to the Pavilion. last n'ght.
The meeting was an enthuslatic one
and was heartily enjoyed by all pres
"ent. ; ¦-; ¦ v ¦ * ;• ' . ¦
The song service was under the direction
of Robert Husband. The spirit manifest?
ed by thd v great chorus was j most Invig
orating. Bishop Warren of .Denver was
the first speaker. He said in part: I
There are pilgrimages In every land. The
human ijice la itinerant: It has the Impulse
of movement, ','¦ emigration, ' progress. -Eyery^
great movement of men -on this earth means
advance. So will ' the emigration to the next
r world... .... . .-" •";;-, .. ; '. ¦ > . ' ~'(
. 'What Is the Intense, inner Impulse that makes
world-wide pilgrimages a necessity? ' What
basal fact In human "nature so" Irresistibly stlrn
; In the blood to make such sacrifices. and to un
dertake such, herculean -labors ? ;' 1\ Is the uni
versal consciousness of si n and the hope ' of
its forgiveness. '
j And for what other purpose did we open. our
convention by . administering in ' several ' places
that commemoration of the death of Christ,
the one essential signification . of which is tha
remission of has precisely, the same
meaning, j viz., every new erai and crisis
in our> affairs shall mean a new,, clean, start
in life. One certainly, is a necessity— they.nevj
birth.; But'lwhy.one -only? !"¦' Peter had several.'
So Paul. • .There is riot j only a j Damascus
experience,! but' there is a third heaven" vision
experience, ten -years, later,' arid a third heaven
reality, with : Its crown of; glory, twenty'yeara
after that' .God's \ infinite.* grace is " not . ex-'
hausted by your conversion, "second blessing 1 ,'
third or tenth.'. The' sky la as full of Pentecosts
as ' ever. ' ( Bring .them down. ,; Bring . them down.'
; In this pilgrimage we have 'had- many, 'new
and grand experiences. ¦.Have we^had.the.high-'
eet and 'best?,.' We have seen the breadth of a
continent.'" 'Have 1 we seen' l [ the; breadth; of, the
heavens? p \V'e ; have -climbed the^' heights ; of
the Rockies' and? the ¦'. Sierra." We have . been
charmed with .' the I magnificent -' outlooks. 8 But
we must gotup Mount Piszah and see the prom
ised. land.' ! Nay, must f go ; up j Mount j zion, v
that' is '¦ higher) than all heavens, -andi get;the
universe outlook of Christ.'- '; For '•. the ¦ first time
In' most' of K our . lives \ we , v , have^ \ seen ¦ a • city
splendid with . hundreds of fthousanda of -light*?
Do-we *ee the city, that has no; need of candlo
or ' sun "• because the glory •' of _• the' Ijord ; and • of
the'Lamb llghtefts. It?* We" have had 'generous
welcome ;' from cjtlzens," Mayor- and '. Governor.
Shall' we have a.bundant entrance given us' from 1
friends gone * before,' . from- -."angels.. 1 and '-.from,
the. King?. . ; ; • '/*•'¦;<¦¦; ¦-'}** i-;*-*- •',-* .^- ;' '~A ; :^. :
Af'tfer.i'aii; these.r great , privileges'; what; shall
the initial = point {of our.new^taft-jn" life ]be?"
"What ; wmithis r Epwqirth ,' pi lgrim^ge^ do '] for "is?
I .Would - likeito ¦ see i more < clear ;. and Vivid » th'a
cortscloushfeES ; that i each of ;our'; Individual [ lives
is a part bf'th'a great'plan'Tof 'God: ,;•,'.
; ' B'elieveVs'ln'Gbd will xbe sbellevefs In*, human
. - .*'-i: .;'•'-.: ~- ¦¦'<¦• -_-.v- • .V- .-'.v-i' :.f ¦¦¦'-•--: '•-••¦' v.v^l
nature, 'it is God's 'outcome. : Men are God's °
children. Distrust; the man who^dlstrusts oth- ..
cra.^He; Judges, them .by... himself. * If a .man , s
sneers "Every man .has his price," ask him a
"What; is /yours?",:' '.¦ . " : ; : T'; . - ' . n
Human nature' is not always appreciative of :
this sacrifice at the time, but'you' may : trust
¦Its later Judgment.' '- Th» --fathers may slay, the" •
prophets/: but \ their children build their tombs. .?
They, may .'crucify^ their _Christ, but the world'
bows- In t reverence of his; holy name and r all
heaven proclaims him king- of kings and lord
of'lords.' ; ¦'' '¦ .. ¦ :. ¦ "" ; , . . ... .
\'A " man'' with so many. .and .such, great -starts |
In life, 'with such a sense of working into God's ¦;
[ plans, I with J such ; : a consciousness ; of \ God's j
woritingr : in ' him ' to * will and . to do, with such g
J a lofty estimate of the. human nature on which '
he w^orks— such^a 'man. will "be a courageous.*
' ceaseless,', successful ; worker. -' ! , "
Said a v dying • soldier: ¦ ; "Tell my father, tell
,my mother I never flinched. once.'%' Pit epitaph "¦'¦'
¦ to be cution.his .tomb, fit Inscription ; to be -
'blazoned on his crown in g-lory.'.-Take, it for.*
'your motto as you; go. out from these , lnestim- '
: able . privileges : Into -inestlmaMe -opportunities,
:'/I* will never, flinch once."' ; ' : ,' 'J .
'i; -The . Rev. • E. S. ; , Rowe ; of Victoria, B. , O.V
[began f hiS 4 address '.with i ari v expression , 6f -'¦
.approval^of 'the.. placing.! of the American 'V;
jflag'.wlth" the 'Britteh' emolern in respect to -T
the^rnemqry • of ithe^ British : Consul, Vw ho •;¦
Continued on Page Two. -,
Farewell Consecration Services With Sermons on Special
by Eminent Ministers Rendpr%Glosihg Sessions Me
FINAL LEAGUE MEETINGS AT PAVILION, ALHAMBRA
AND TEMPLE ARE ATTENDED BY IMMENSE CROWDS
BISHOP JOYCE
SPEAKS WELL
OF THIS CITY
1HAVE ' only Rood things
to Bay. of, tJilB Epworth
League International con.
ventlon... It has been- In ¦
«"very way: a srrea t ¦ncceia.
Many of . those . vrh.o hare
been nt the preceding;
ones think this one the best
ever held. • •
The attendance ban been a.
dellgrhtfnl surprise to' un all.
All discussion* of nnlijcctft
hefVe been' of the hlgrhettt or
der. A deliKlitfol and broth- -
erly npirit has pervaded the
convention from first to the
lant moment.
We Rhall always carry with
¦am dclierlttfnl memories of
this great convention and of
San Francisco. -
I ilo not see how any peo
ple cohld have done more for
on— for onr comfort and hap-'
plnenn— and the success of the
4 convention than the people
of San Francisco have done.
. .Their liberality and con
stant klitdnens have- been. a
perpetual astonishment to an
and have ' filled oar hearts ¦
with a.jcImlnesK nniladiankn
ctvlner which -*ve are unable
to fully express.
The daily papers and .the
railroads and. the steamer
lines have also contributed
their share to the astonish- -
Injr' success of our conven
tion. .We shall never forjeet •
any of these kindnesses nsa
united expression of the goort
tvIII and wishes of all: the
people of thin Krent city for •
the Epworth Leagne and the
cood work it Is trylnnr to do.
ISAAC W.JOYCE. .".
President of .the- Epivortlf-
Lcnffne of the .: Plethodlst
Episcopal Church. ,
SEVERAL CHARACTERISTIC POSES; OF THE'REV.' GEORGE. ADAMS WHILE .DELIVERING HIS. SERMON AT
SIMPSON MEMORIAL CHURCH YESTERDAY; TOGETHER 1VITH : PORTRAIT OFvTHE PASTOR. AND
'. STREET SCENES AT.THE CLOSE- OF SERVICES.. ¦"- . f,." •¦¦* ¦>'-"• '¦ ' ,'• • " ! , ' , .- J " » • , . \
THE four days' cessions of the In
ternational Epworth League conven-.
tion came to a brilliant close at the
Pavilion last night. The meetings
of the convention have been fruit
ful of happy results, and there is a'
unanimous sentiment among the thou-
Fands of delegatPB that at no previous
meeting of the International League have
the exalted purposes of that great Chris
tian organization been so thoroughly sub
rerved as at this. The enthusiasm whicft
marked all of the gatherings, the variety
of subjects treated by a galaxy of pulpit
speakers of distinguished attainments, the
/unexampled reception accorded the vis
itors by the people of San Francisco, the
Fuperb weather which prevailed during
the week, *n<J which was in such marked
contrast with the torrid temperature
In the Bast, all these contributed"
In an eminent degree to render the expe
riences of last week a chapter in the lives
of the leaguers which they appreciated
highly and which they are not likely soon
to banish from their memories.
While the convention came to a formal
close last night, there will be attractions
of sufficient variety during the next three
days to prevent a general hiatus east
ward until the close of the week. The
Pavilion will remain open to-day and to
morrow In order that the visitors may in
epect the numerous exhibits and displays
which have be«i no insignificant feature
at last week's great event. Many, of the
leaguers, absorbed as they were with their'
duties as members of the convention,
heretofore lacked opportunity to Inspect
the exhibits, and It Is to allow them this
privilege that the general committee re
solved to keep the Pavilion open to the
public for the two days a* stated. The
exhibits are excellent ones, and are well
worthy of the careful attention of all
who "are interested in the development of
the magnificent resources of California.
The numerous side trips arranged by
the Southern Pacific and Santa Fe Rail
way companies for this week will be well
patronized. Hundreds of tickets for the
Yosemlte. Monterey, San Jose "and other
interior points have been sold, the buyers
being principally members of the league.
The benefits to be derived from these
Journeys will evidence themselves Jn the
future, and will serve to advertise th!j
State throughout the East In a most
practical manner. .
While many of the delegates will leave
for the East to-day and to-morrow, there
will be a. sufficient number remain until
the close of the week to make their pres
ence in the community felt If the expres
sion* of admiration for California heard
at the convention headquarters are gen
uine, hundreds of the leaguers will at an
early day make this city their home. .
In response to a desire on the part of
rr""y wlio have not heard the concert. It
LEAGUE DELEGATES WILL LEAVE
CITY WITHIN COMING THREE DAYS
Pavilion Will Be Open Jo-Day and To-Morrow So
That the General Public May View Exhibits.
will', be repeated to-night. The chorus
will sin?,, the Park sisters of New York
will play and the Knickerbocker Male
Quartet have been especially engaged for
the' occasion. Tickets will be 50 cents,
with reserved seats at 75 cents, and only
the capacity of the house will be sold. . '
No German Leaguers Meeting.
A German-American meeting was an
nounced for yesterday afternoon at the
Howard-street ' Methodist • Episcopal
Church, but, owing to a misapprehension
as to the hour, or'for some unexplained
cause, the meeting was not held. At 3
o'clock, the time set for the gathering,
less than a dozen persons were in attend
ance. The speakers who were expected to
be present did not. appear on the scene.
The German element in the league was
not well represented at the convention.
of Twenty- first and Capp streets, yester
day morning. ~ The announcement that h»
would preach served as a loadstone to at
tract, the largest concourse of people ever
gathered within the walls of this spacious
sanctuary. Hundreds were unable to gain
admittance, and those who could not find'
seats were content to stand so Ions as
they were within hearing of the speaker's
voice. The. aisles, the altar space,: every
available point, was filled . at it,, (/clock,
when the*. opening hymn was sung?
The. offertory was sung by the North
BEV. MB. BUCKLEY SPEAKS
.OF KINGDOM OF GOD
'. Eloquent Discourse by the New York
3>ivine at Grace Methodist .
Church.
Rev. J. M. Buckley of New York ocen-
i pied^ the pulpit, at Grace Church, corner
selves as on the side of right. We believe la
the religion of . conquest, the conquest of sta
with every degrading habit and unholy de
sire. We acknowledge ourselves 83 humble
followers of Christ who desire ths_salvatloa of
the human .race. Therefore we say. In the lan
guage of the psalmist," in the name of God wt
have set up our banners.
The song service was impressive. Eene-
Olctlon tvas pronounced by the Rev. Mr.
Adams. . . . . '', .".-•
lies to fhe svmbol of the cross, and the ban
ner -of the 'cross -Is to us the symbol of con-
querlng power, and of gracious benediction for
the human race. : r ,V. : ¦'?
"We are gathered .her® In convention as
leaguers from' all. parts of the . Unltsrt States
and Canada to . declare our united allegiance
to the common cause of Christianity. We do
not come in the name of the Methodist church
north or «outh. or of Canada, or of the col
ored church, but. we are convened as the serr
ants of a common Lord, a common Christ.
We rally to the call of duty. We declare oar-
Ing^ point: ' As In the civil and Spanish >ar»
" we gathered " around the flag and swore alle-^ i
glance t(v our country, so now the church ral-
tlnue in the-strife until victory Is won.
. The banner, is . unfurled in times . of victory
and has especial attraction for- the conquerors.
Their flag 13 the symbol of power, and In pro
portion to their spirit of loyalty they are de
voted to their flag. The church of God Is des
tined to triumph, despite discouragements and
'opposition. We have divinity and omnipotence!
on our side, and failure is Impossible if wo
raise our banner in the name of God, the Kins
of Kings, and Lord of Lords.
The elements of power are In the church.
The various, forms of evil, such as the. liquor
traffic. Sabbath desecration and political In
trigue, seem to be invulnerable and defiant; but
the creator of the world, the enthroned. Lord,
has declared:the kingdoms of this world shin
become the kingdoms of our Lord. It la ao
cepted : by : us all • that he who is with us la
more than all : they 'who are against us. "V "\..v
The banner is especially unfurled at a rally-
LEADING CHURCHES THRONGED
WITH EPWORTH WORSHIPER
Hundreds Are Turned Away From Doors of Many
Sanctuaries for LacJj: of Room.
THE morning services at the principal
churches yesterday, were remarkably
.well .? attended by v ; the visiting
leaguers. ? The prominence of certain
divines who were to deliver sermons
attracted gatherings to the respec
tive houses of ¦worship, which, because of
the lack of seating capacity, it was found
impossible to shelter. The result was
that, in: many instances hundreds of per
sons were turned away for lack of accom
modation. . ¦ The . sermons delivered were
of the inspirational kind, and quite apro
pos to the occasion. The song and praise
services were for the greater part solemn
ly Impressive. ¦"'.
BANNEBS ARE TJNTUItLED
IN " THE- NAME OF GOD
Powerful", Sermon 6f the Rev. George
Adams to Leaguers at Simpson
:'¦ /{Memorial Church.
! An audience'that tested the capacity of
the '• touildlhgr^s4 the *' ed at slm P son Me "
mortal Church yesterday morning. The
sermon was i 'preached '= by -Rev. George
Adams o^BrooklyTi.'N.Y.,. from the text.
Psalms xx:5 "In the name of God we will
set up our' banners.".' The 'minister said
in part: '.l\J.'. ! .. . '.-. v". i. .^.\. :'," •-'
"We are not here In. the name of the Epworth
League merely, nor are we here In the name
of the church.- '"We : are j here in • the name of
3od,' the head of the .church. The banner re-
Jerrgd' to -by the- psalmist Is a representation
>f organized, power: That power is indicated
jy'the flags of the several nations, and human
societies of ¦'various" kinds. In the olden Uraw
is In the present the banner' wasy and is : efg
llflcantly unfurled at" the proclamation of war.
SVe are engaged in a. battle with sin: "We
iave received the command to go forward and
{ Is" our province to charge the foe,' and con-
INTERNATIONAL EPWORTH LEAGUE CONVENTION COMES TO A BRILLIANT CLOSE.
AFTER FOUR DAYS OF THE MOST ENTHUSIASTIC SESSIONS IN THE ORDER'S HISTORY
VOLUME XO-NO. 53.
SAN r FRANCISCO,": MOND A T,
PRICE -FIVE CENTS.
JUiiY^rss^iBoi.
The San Francisco CallBaptist Bally.
The Baptist young people of San Fran
cisco and Alameda counties will hold a
rally in the First Baptist Church, i Oak
land, this evening. The State officers,- to~
gether with all Eastern visiting Baptists,
have been invited to be present.
at 7:43 p. m. waa Impressive, and the hun
dreds of Epworth Leaguers who attended
will remember it as a fitting close to a
great convention.
The Rev. C. L. Mead of Hoboken, N. J..
was chairman. The song service was con
ducted by W. S. Stadtfeld and the devo
tional service by the Rev. Dr. H. H. Bell,
pastor of the First United Presbyterian
Church.
The resolutions prepared by the execu
tive committee of the Epworth League
were read by the Rev. Dr. J. W. New
man of the North Alabama conference.
The Rev. J. L. Batty of Halifax, Nova
Scotia, delivered an address. He said in
part:
The convention commenced for soma of us
40CO miles away, for we shall never be able
to separate its Impassions from those created
by the many wonderful things we saw' on the
journey— mountains and gorges, and valley9
and canyons, cities and snowflelds, the wel
'• come we received here in San Francisco and
the great spectacles of the convention hall.
We are to rise from, the- banquet, wo are to
I bid each other farewell and go back to take
our places on the plane of our usual activity.
But we are going back different men and dif
ferent women. Personally I shall never be the
same. My thought, understanding; breadth —
aU have been touched by a living something
that has changed me. And there is a responsi
bility resting upon us who have attended this
convention that cannot rest upon those - who
stayed at borne, and I pray that w« may not
forget It.
The consecra-tion service, conducted by
the Rev. Dr. Appleton Bash of Beaver,
Pa., consisted of a short address, pray
ers, the singing of "Just as I Am" and
"Blest Be the Tie That Binds," and bene
diction. .
IMPRESSIVE PAHEWELL' *' * *
CONSECRATION SERVICE
The farewell consecration service ' held
at the First United Presbyterian Church
earth to gain the presenco of the sun.
whosn shafts of light it has never f«lt.
He declared that scientists based thetr
teaching on invisible facts, but that when
they come to face the belief in tho ex
istence of an unseen Ood they run awny
from the logical conclusions of their own
work.
the best material, the best iron and the best
stone and the highest polished wood. Tou
should have courage to stand up for the right.
Cheerfulness stands high among th* cardinal
virtues. Always look on the bright side of Ufa
and trust In the Lord. Kindness should be
added to cheerfulness In the building of charac
ter, and truthfulness should not be omitted.
Truth costs nothing, but It brings a rich j re
ward. Perseverance and Industry both are
admirable tralta and should be studiously cul
tivated. In the commencement of life you
should . regard character as capital.
J. M. Churchill of Coldwater.* Ontario,
had for his theme "What is Wanted by
Boys and What is Wanted In Them." His
address was filled with amusing incidents
from his own experience, and was In con
sequence greatly enjoyed by the young
people. Purity, he declared, is one of the
most exalted virtues that a boy can pos
sess. He likened a boy with a pure mind
and heart to a lily growing in a polluted
stream. He advised the boys to take
Christ for their model in the formation of
their character, and to be serious and
zealous in performing their work in life.
"How to Build a Character" formed the
text of the remarks which were made by
the Rev. C. O. Jones, D. D., of Bristol.
Va., the last speaker of the day. In his
speech he argued that it Is essential that
a boy should have not only a definite de
sire in life, but that he should strive with
all energy for the fulfillment of that de
sire.
The meeting . waa fittingly concluded
with the singtn^ of a sacretl song, during
which J. J. Morris acted as director.
cardinal principles. Tour real self is shown
in the little acts of your every day life.
A builder. in constructing a building selects
children that in the construction of their
character they should take Christ as thielr
model, and that they should take Interest
in the Methodist church and In the Ep
worth League.
In' opening the meeting the children
Joined in singing "Onward! Christian Sol
diers." after which the Rev. Merrick E.
Ketcham of Xenia, Ohio, who acced >s
chairman of the meeting, spoke a few
words of welcome to the little ones. ' Hiss
H. H. Beason of "Washington. D. C the
first speaker, selected for her subject
"Character Building." Her audience lis
tened with attention to her remarks and
gave her an ovation at tho conclusion.
She- earnestly advised the little ones to.be
truthful, honest, Industrious, courageous,
kind and cheerful. In part she said:
The rrcat edlflce. "character/* Is being con
structed by us to-day. Id ord«c that it may b«
permanent it should be bnilded on tho great
Little Ones Are Cautioned to Be Truthful, Kind,
Honest and Cheerful; and Subject of Formation
of Character of Juvenijes Receives Attention
CHILDREN LISTEN TO CHEERING
COUNSEL FROM LEAGUE WORKERS
AFTERNOON SESSIONS OF EPWORTH LEAGUE CONVENTION AND RALLY OF CHILDREN
ATTRACT LARGE AND INTERESTED AUDIENCES TO PAVILION AND ALHAMBRA THEATER
THE .".-SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUJLY 22; 1901.
Delegates to the Efcworth League convention last night adopted the following resolutions,, which
had been reported by the resolutions committee:
OUR coming to the Pacific Coast hat
been to us a series of revelations and
of unmixed pleasures. We had heard
much of the goodly land, and the
great city of the Golden Gate. . but
half had not been told us. . May the
bountiful Lord -who has so lavished
his. blessings of earth and air and
sky upon this great people make them a
thousand times, as many more, and as
mighty, for Himself and for humanity.
' " RESOLVED.
1. That the hearty thanks of the conven
tion are due and hereby tendered to the
various committees of arrangements for the
ample and admirable preparation made for
cur renting, ana for the cordial, unremit
ting ajK efficient services rendered us dur
ing our stay nmong them.
2. We cannct refrain . from mentioning
with special appreciation the herculean
labors performed by the- Rev. Thomas Fil
ben, D.P., chairman of the general com
mittee of arrangements.
3. The skill with which the heads of the
various .departments of administration have
performed . their duties has elicited our
warmest admiration.
i. We cordially thank the State and City
officials, the business men and the citizens
of San Francisco generally for the great in
terest they have shown in the success of
tho convention. ¦-....
, 5. We appreciate the hearty co-operation
with the various committees of the conven
tion of the members of the Young People's
Society of the Christian Endeavor' and the
Baptist Young People's Union.
6. "We have, been greatly delighted with
the enterprise ehown . by the daily press of
the city. For the full reports of the ad
dresses delivered and the sympathetic treat
ment of all features of the gathering, j we
.render our grateful acknowledgments.
7. We especially appreciate the cordial
greeting sent to us by President McKinley
and Vice President Roosevelt, and. eight
Governors of States; and we invoke God's
blessing upon these eminent public servants,
and upon all others In civil authority.
. 8. To the various railroads, steamship and
other transportation companies we extend
our hearty thanks for most liberal and uni
form courtesies". -.
9. We must not forget to mention Mrs.
Stanford's great kindness in permitting the
use of the splendid organ built for Stanford
University and to cordially thank Mr. Hus
band and the music committee for their spe
cial helpfulness in the service of song.
.. missions. . •
¦ 1. We rejoice in the deepening • Interest
among our members in the great cause of
Christian missions, and congratulate our
organizations, here represented, ¦¦¦ upon the
educational work which has already 'been
accomplished. We are greatly delighted by
the comprehensive and practical plans
which have been devised by our leaders
for a great campaign in behalf of
missions and other benevolences during the
comlns.year. We urge all our chapters to
Increased study . of missionary . literature,
and to fervent prayer for the coming of the
kingdom. ¦ • •
"2. We approve, without reservation, the
plans for Epworth League extension -which
provide for the systematic training of our
young people In Christian work. The im
portance of the study of such great topics
as the English Bible. Christian stewardship
and- personal evangelism cannot bo over
estimated.
• I TEMPERANCE.
1. That we are as unalterably as ever op
posed to the open saloon and the liquor
trarflc. and we mean to keep up our war
upon this wicked business until our conti
nent Is freed from the dreadful curse,
r, * h ? 1 jve greatly rejoiced at the aboli
tion of the "Canteen" in our army, and
deplore the fact that a persistent effort is
being made to have It restored. Specially
is th is distressing to us when we note that
Russia Is protesting against the canteen,
and that even France has prohibited it in
her army camps. "We earnestly hope that
wiser counsels will prevail in free, Chris
tian America, and^o this end. we will ever
pray and fight. . .. . • ¦ ,
COLORED EPWORTH LEAGUERS.
We have 'learned; that representatives ' of
the various Christian. Touns People's So
cieties among the colored churches of the
country plan to hold a gathering In the
summer of 1902, looking- to the better de
velopment of their young: people in Chris
tian work, and we desire to express our
approval . of the movement and heartily
recommend It to the colored young people
of the Epworth League.
- JUNIOR WORK.
"We are much encouraged with the con
tinual . growth of our Junior Epworth
League, and believing- this school for the
training of our youngest soldiers for Christ
is accomplishing great good would unhesi
tatingly, urge all our pastors and Christian
workers to organize our boys and girls
into Junior chapters wherever, possible.
'SUPREME PURPOSE.
J While we do not underestimate the vital
relation to our organization of its literary,
social and benevolent department, we de
sire to emphasize, once again, the supreme
purpose of our existence, L e., the develop
ment of the highest type of spiritual ex
perience and 1 life in the young members o£
our churches and the salvation of the mul
titudes of young men and women of our
communities who are still far from God.
¦ ' _ CONDOLENCES.
We have heard with sorrow • that 'the
British Consul in San Francisco, Hon. Wil
liam Clayton Pickersgill, has been called
away .by, death since we arrived in this
city. We of the Methodist Episcopal Church
and the Methodist Episcopal Church South
Join in expressions of sympathy for our
Canadian co-laborers » in the loss of one of
their, honored national representatives.
We have heard with feelings of inex
pressible sadness of the fearful railroad ac
cident'In Missouri, by which several per
sons who were- on their way to this conven
tion lost their lives. ..We greatly - deplore
this one shadow which has been cast upon
our convention i and send to the heart
stricken friends of the killed and wounded
our. slncerest sympathy in their affliction.
Respectfully submitted, -
I. W. JOICB. President.
¦ : J, W. NEWMAN, Secretary.
LEAGUE DECLARES WAR AGAINST LIQUOR TRAFFIC
AND GIVES THANKS FOR ALL FAVORS RECEIVED
FAIR MEMBERS OF.LOCAL COMMITTEES OF. THE INTERNATIONAL EPWORTH LEAGUE CONVENTION. WHO
WERE UNTIRING IN THEIR EFFORTS TO RENDER THE RECEPTION AND ENTERTAINMENT OF
DELEGATES A NEVER-T^-BE-FORGOTTEN DEMONSTRATION OF SAN' FRANCISCO'S ' HOSPITALITY, i
Continued From Page One.
render themselves to God and with psalms
sung with vim.
LEADING CHURCHES ARE THRONGEO
The following: figures «hovr
the g attendance ' at tne :. great
rellR-louii . convention V Jnnt
dosed and the one held prior
to it in this city. . V ¦
Christian'/ End e a v o r* '. ,
I Resiatration 1897... .20,108
Epworth*- League '" Regr- -v "-•;
( :„ lstrat ion 1901 . ....... 18,841
'CONVENTION §||||
ATTENDANCE
The person who depends upon the words of
Christ without considering those of St. -Paul
is in the realm of . puerility. - It is like ac
cepting the statement of one witness and Ig
noring those of four others. The minister who
speaks slightingly of Paul must be pitied ; r if
he does it a third time he should be • removed
from the pulpit. All that rational people,be
lieve is substantial unity in ; the midst, of cir
cumstantial , variety. The Apostles tell of . what
they, saw as a unit.. but : their stories vary* in
the relation of . circumstances! It is like a
The Lord forbids .us to argue religion : with
irreverent scoffers. •. He bids us , not to cast
pearls before swine.. lest they rise up and de
stroy us. Can any one prove there Is a God,
the came as one may prove that President Me-
KInley exists? is a grand structure
built upon faith. We must have faith. -The
saying that Ignorance is the mother of devo
tion is h mistake: it is the mother of supersti
tion. . It is faith in i the truths of j the Bible
which has reared a kingdom which cannot be
moved, and it is impossible for Christianity,
which is founded upon faith, to perish out ct
the earth. ¦ . -
After- classifying the 'human race Into
three parts— the young, the middle-aged
and old— and defining the natures of each,
the speaker resumed: . ' >< *¦• *.
Indiana Quartet, which sang in pleasing
style the beautiful air, "God So Loved the
World." Rev. Buckley, then selected ' as
his text ; from j Hebrews, ! "The Kingdom
•Which Shall Not Be Moved." He began
by saying that there were two orders of
things, the spiritual and the natural, and
that they were represented everywhere,
even in church gatherings. , The one class
attended divine services. to be spiritually
benefited, the other to satisfy natural de
sires, among; which curiosity and pleasure
are not the least. 1 . ,¦ ' ¦ , \
Dr. Buckley . interspersed his remarks
with the relation of many anecdotes, some
of - which 1 - provoked : laughter. ¦' He spoke
of the powers: of Europe, trembling at the
threat of , the Sultan ', to awake : tne spirit
of 'i Islam if* any -attempt was made : by
England : to : Interfere ; with • the.' Armenian
troubles."; -¦- This s- was ¦ an • instance of . su
preme faith in a people to whom .Islam
was ; the v alpha! and oroega of all • affairs,
human or divine. The failure of Ingersoll
, One cannot see God, but must it be said one
cannot have affection for things unseen? I'cer
tainly have more affection for George Wash
ington than many statesman now living.' I Love
for God in the Individual sense Is the intense
and indomitable desire to please : him.,' Prayer
Is ; the •¦ one antidote to despair. There ¦ Is . no
trouble light enough in which men cannot \ find
time to pray. People always will pray, ber
cause it is the- working of the. spirit within
them. ¦ prompting them to lift their voices and
.hearts to * the creator i of Uie universe. . If ¦ a
man is a Christian he is miserable If hia.wlfa
is not also ,a,Christian. . •: . '. \ .;'; »
The four essentials of Methodism which keep
It alive are native Wit, energy. ' conviction and
fervor. ¦ The. time Is past In Methodism for the
latitudinarian as well - as the attltudinarian.
This Is no dress parade, when men . display
themselves for mere show. ; It . Is a time for
work in the cause of the Savior. The power
of God displays itself in ways not always com
prehensible-* to the- human , understanding. -•¦ If
I fall Into a trance it does not prove the power
of God.ibut it does prove that my nervous sys
tem is vweak. • ,. , ;
The great pillar that supports the magnificent
structure of religion Is the religious nature of
man. • One cannot imagine two radically differ
ent religions as being true. Both may :be
wrongr, but both cannot be true. The worst men
are often affrighted at their own wickedness.
That < is because It is ' utterly "Impossible to
eradicate the religious^ Idea from the human
heart. Abraham Lincom in his youth arrayed
his wit against the Bible,. but when with hon
ors and. fame came .sorrow he lifted up his
heart in - prayer. .. : . ¦. ,. ... ' . . i .-• . -
party of travelers tourlngr Kurope. '¦ All will
agTee there is a Westminster Abbey, but in cir
cumstantial detail concerning that edifice there
will be circumstantial variety. If there were
circumstantial unity as well as circumstantial
varlety>l would become a disciple of- the la
mented -Ingersoll, who fought without'avail for
a temple of reason in. America. ¦• . •' : ; . '. .
to secure funds for the _ erection : of a
temple of reason was due to the fact that
the project lacked the inspiration of re
ligion, without which no human project
can succeed. In closing, he addressed the
leaguers present and . cautioned them" on
their return home to speak moderately of
all they had experienced in their travels.
"You. don't want to say to your friends
that when y.ou stood on the mountain top 1
you were gazing into Paradise, because
no one will ¦ believe- you," he said amid
laughter. "Tell them of the beautiful
things you- saw, but learn to subordinate
the; desire to drift; into extravagance of
speech." : . :'. '.- '¦ -¦¦ , ¦- . ;.¦•:¦.
The announcements were made by the
Rev. Mr. pastor of the church, and
benediction was pronounced by Dr. Buck
ley.''; ¦ .'¦¦-.¦: ¦¦;.. '.•:¦¦ ' ¦
.--..•:¦ -.:;;_.:.¦ '¦ • ' . v ,.',' \.,':
FAITH AN: ESSENTIAX ¦ ,
¦- r X CHRISTIA2J" QTJAMTY
Interesting Th'eme Discussed by Bev-:
? Matt[ S. Hughes at First Bap
. ". V -_. tist Church. 1 v ' 'r .
Every "available; chair : was pressed into
service .'yestertfa'y . m'orhing at ¦; the First
died last week Sn this city. Continuing, he
drew attention to the sacrifices made for
this gsneration by our forefathers, and
declared that in this twentieth century
we were drawing the dividends of their
priceless investment. He continued;
They sowed their blood and we reap price
less liberty. Thus came our heritage. If the
history of the past has not been read In vain
by us the future has toil and pain for us.
Unless we enlarge our heritage It will de
crease. It cannot remain stationary. The
greater our opportunities, the greater the trial
and pain. It is not easy to raount. We would
fee fools to exrect end cowards to desire lees
than those who have preceded us endured.
Number* Irrespective of individuals is not
what will Rid us. Results depend upon the
quality and strength of the individuals.
The farewell consecration service was
conducted by th^ Rev. C M. Boswell. D.
15.. of Philadelphia. His preliminary ad
dress was to ur^e the consecration to per
sonal evangelism of his audience. He
quoted Biblical instances of the young
men's work for -the Lord. He then gave
an earnest exhortation for the audience to
"go do ¦ likewise" and personally direct
men to the fountain of life
Then began the singing and congratula
tory speeches. Dr. Berry spoke firsL. after
which Thomas Filben. chairman of the
general committee, was called for. He re-
Fponded by expressing his gratification at
the way the work of the committee had
been received by the visitors, and closed
with an appeal for th« millions in dark
ress on the west of us. R. V. Watt, H.
M. Du Bose, Bishop Warren for the board
of Bishops, J. N. Beard and Robert Hus
band" fallowed in quick succession, and
the convention closed by a general shak
ing of hands by everybody in the bouse.
It -was nearly 11 o'clock -when the lights
¦were turned out. and more than a thou
rand people were ctlll in the house around
the platform.
LEAGUEES CO2JSECBATED
IN SOLEMN SERVICE
Great Meeting at Metropolitan Tem-
pie on the Closing Night of
the Convention.
' There was an immense crowd of leag
uers at Metropolitan Hall last night for
the closing consecration service of the
convention held there. Rev. Dr. Barra
clough of Victoria. B. C, was in the chair
the song service at the opening of the
The honor of bringing the convention at
the thf ater to an end was reserved for the
Rev. W. A. Spencer, D. IX; of Philadel
phia. He performed the duty In a ¦ true
old- Methodist ¦ camp-meeting - style," with
prayer, exhortation to his audience to sur-
After the chairman, the Rev. W. H.
Winthrow, had summoned the assemblage
to order, the Rev. Alonzo Monk spoke on
"The Spirit of Methodism.", The main
contention of his remarks were that Meth
odism if not active was nothing; that
Methodism.,, having no iron-bound ritual,
was susceptible to new ideas and capable
of keepeing aoreast with the times, and
that, finally, the Methodists have drawn
to themselves the attention of the world
through its tendency to do and to act.
The Rev. Mr. Monk was followed by the
Rev. W. F. Anderson, who in the course
of his address stated that there are no
small things in the work for God, and
that he was tired of hearing of $3000 min
isters. $4000 ministers and $300 ministers,
when all were equal in the service of the
Lord. He said further that the duty
which man owes to himself is that of self
realization, and that all who study the
Bible cannot help but feel that' God in
tended that he should attain the highest
ideal of character.
Amid a flow of eloquence, offerings of
prayers to God and a perfect torrent of
revival songs, that part of the Epworth
League convention at the Alhambra Thea
ter was brought to a close last night. Had
the meeting lasted but a few minutes
longer a genuine Methodist revival would
have been inaugurated. Enthusiasm was
aroused to such a pitch that the delegates
were reluctant to quit the hall. Before the
conclusion Dr. Du Bose read a very com
prehensive set of resolutions of thanks,
which embraced every one that contrib
uted to the success of tho great conven
tion.
Methodist Camp-Meeting'
Style.
LEAGTJEES END 'J'H KT*R.
MEETING AT ALHAMBRA
Delegates Rejoice in the True Old
Dr. Edward S. Ninde closed the meeting
with a feeling farewell, and the touching
consecration service of the Epworth
League. "Leaguers," he said solemnly,
"our work will be in vain it there is no
power in us from on high. We may grasp
the hand of another, but in that grasp
will be no power if we have not within
us the power of the Holy Spirit." {
Rev. A. C. Crews was introduced to read
the resolutions adopted by the league
committee, and then the next speaker.
Rev. W. J. Young- of Lynchburg-, Va.,
took the platform. ."We have been trying
to learn what there is to do," he said,
"and how, under God's blessing-, we are
to do. it. We are come to this last nlgtit
in our convention that we may learn how
we may consecrate . ourselves to the ser
vice of the Master in the new century. All
our effort has tMs in view, that we may
do our work more thoroughly, that we
may help in the uplifting of our fellow
men." . -¦
The chairman then introduced Rev. W.
P. Thirkleld, D. D., of Cincinnati as the
first speaker.
The meeting was opened by an eloquent
prayer by Rev. R. P. T. Ramsay of South
ern California, and Rev. Barraclough
spoke briefly upon the solemnity of "meet
ing and of parting, and of the closing of
such a great gathering of earnest Chris
tians as had. been assembled for days past
in San Francisco. "Let the effect of this
convention," he said, "be such that each
delegate will carry to his own home such
a force of enthusiasm in the work that
he will be a supply center for his own
neighborhood."
meeting was led by J. J. Morris, assisted
by William Grandeman, the last named
gentleman sing-Ing- a barytone solo in su
perb voice as a • variation of the hymn
singing by the congregation.
The last fifteen minutes was occupied
in a warning as to habits and personal
appeal to the audience for an acceptance
of the salvation offered full and free.
God wvrr lins sent a man to hell. God neVer
will vend a man to hell. If a man Roes to hell
h« goes by his own choice. More men fall in
thta life because they lack a heart than for
the lack of money. Mora men fall for the lack
of a heart than for the lack of brain. Mom
mlnlntrrs fall for the lack of a heart tharv for
the lack of culture. We have everything olse
but we lack the heart to run one big town.
Unions man has hope In *oma one, unless man
has hope in somebody, he will continue to
go to ruin as he Is going to-day.
We must have faith In Jesus Christ aa able
to give an instantaneous new life and. as a
means of gradual character builder. Jesus
Christ has a mission and stands for something.
"The «on of God was made manifested that
he might destroy the works of the devil."
I am preaching to the Epworth Leaguers this
afternoon. They are nearly 3,000,000 strong.
They are but the forerunners of what Is com
ing. The world is on the up grade, thank God.
Man Falls by His Own Choice.
and downward to nothing. When a man comes
to you saying he wants to be a Christian you
must be able to tell him what to do. Give a
man something he can touch. Place before the
msn something he can take hold of as I take
hold of this plant with my hand.
Havo faith In Jesus Christ as a man. There
Is something in the face of Jesus Christ which
attracts man. He shows a character which
tends to convince man when he says, "What
soever ye shall ask in my name that 'will I
do." Jesus Christ when on earth was one
who could be approached by a man, and no
man who approached him waa ever turned
away. He Is now In heaven. He Is the same
loving, kind, gentle Savior as when on earth
and never turns any one away who cornea to
him seeking tho forgiveness of his sins.'
Jesus Christ aa a man la in response to tre
i demands of human nature. The depths of
God's love to man is conveyed to the. human
race through Jesus Christ to man. "God so
loved the world that he gave his only begot
ten eon that whosoever belleveth on him should
not perish, but have everlasting life." ,
Continued From Page One.
FIML MEETINGS OF THE LEAGUERS
W> have the incident of the man who came
tn rhrlpt-and asked him how often he must
forgive i.ni> who had sinned Hpaimt him, and
a* a key to hi* own tnnral condition set it at
wvpn tttr.es. Uut what wan his amazement
to be told that he muM forgive seventy times
'«»n If necessary. A man tnutt forgive as
long as one ask* pardon Flncerely. This is
tho provision of the gospel of forgiveness.
There are many people who hug to their
Inner enre n hate against somebody. We ask
in the ford's prayer to "forgive us our tres
pass a» we forgive our trespasses.". We are
compelled to comply with the terms of this
Jirayer if we are to continue lt» God's favor
and receive his blessing, which we seek In
prayer.
The human mln<i Is made to crov forward
and upward to a point, r.ot to grow backward
Forgiveness of Christ.
You ack why is it th«t whenever you attend
church It is always believe, believe, believe?
KecauRe It is the contitltutlftn of things. How
long «ould we run any burinens If we did not
have faith. The msene* of belief Is the same
»hmn as that faith In God. The (success of
electricity in telegraphy 1» the evidence of
faith in rr.an'i ability. Wln-n a man proposed
to l>ulld a railroad arrow the Itocky Moun
tains som« preacher ttald: "That 1* flylnjr In
the face of Providence. If God had wanted a
railroad across those mountains he would
never hav* jilaced them there.** Thank God
for that* man that .hud faith In mathematlcit
to build that road. -
Tn» easiest thine to do mentally is to delay.
Every man delays s omrt hlng- The agnostic
ray* he iloes not, but that is not so. He Bays
he dr.nt l)flleve anything and then believes
rnnethinjs. If man «ays he does not believe
anything hi» does not state a fact according
to the constitution and build of human brain.
As Focn es a ninner runs up the white flag
cf surrender, efn is pardoned by God. What
pleases me is the easy terms God makes for
men to come to him on. The easiest act of
man comes "throufrh the vision". When the
children of Ejrypt disobeyed God and were pun
ish^ by the nerp^nts he told them to make
a bra sen serpent and put It up. Then all they
had to do was to look at It. If they had had
to walk many would not have had physical
ability to Jo It. All they needed was to look.
£in Pardoned by God.
God want* th* man of the world to think
well of him. If he thinks well of him he will
love him. If he loves him he will serve him.
If we had time and talent to study this book
we l«ve so woll throuch. we would come to
tho conclusion thaf the mind that arranged It
had the Interest of man at heart. There Is
no declaration in this wonderful Book we
love to much that God's way Is not our way.
There Is not on* In this audience that has
not Binned, not on* that has not done wrong.
The moment God sees la any human heart the
faintest desire or increment to come to him
he removes every obstacle between them and
6ays "Come."
THE afternoon cessions of the conven
tion were held at the Pavilion. Al
hambra Theater and Metropolitan
Temple. The attendance was large
and interesting exercises were the
rule. At the first place the principal
address was by Bishop I.»W. Joyce of
Minneapolis, president of the Epworth
League, his theme being "Faith in Jesu3
Christ." The children's mass meeting at
the Alhambra was a highly interesting
event.- At the Metropolitan Temple Rev.
E. E. Ross of Nashville, Tenn., delivered
a powerful sermon. -,'.':'-.
Mechanics' Pavilion was thronged with
fully 7000 people to listen to Bishop Joyce.
/For half an hour before the time set in
/the programme half of these were singing
pongs. At the appointed time Isaac E.
Blake, the musical director, took charge
and after several numbers Bishop Hamil
ton introduced the Rev. Lewis Powell of
Nashville. Tenn.. who led in prayer. He
then introduced the Bishop, who spoke
for ever an hour eloquently on "Faith in
Jesus Christ." His text was: "For what
soever is born of God overcometh the
world, and this is the victory that over
cometh the world, even our faith."— I
John. 1:4. He said in part:.
Distinguished President of. International League
Discourses Wisely Before Audience of Thousands
Upon Topic Dear to Hearts of All Christians
ELOQUENCE OF BISHOP I. W. JOYCE
CHARMS MULTITUDE AT PAVILION
.- Hundreds of Epworth League delegates
were turned away from the divine service
•which -was held yesterday morning at Vie
Central Methodist Church. Every bit of
available space from the pulpit to the
outer door was occupied by. devout wor
shipers. Even the steps of the altar were
pressed into use. The services fully justi
fied the presence of an overflow crowd-
Not during the present convention has the
impressive ritual of the Methodist church
been more beautifully rendered, nor has
there been a greater display of fervent
eloquence. . \ . •:,,'• .
• '.The pulpit of the church was artistical
ly decorated with streamers . of the
league's colors and around the main body
of the edifice were ~ placed the league's
emblems. The choir, which had been spe
cially augmented for the occasion, ren
dered in commendable style sacred songs.
v The Rev.Dr.S. L>. Hutsinplller, regular
pastor of the church, 7 opened the services
with a prayer, after. which the congrega
tion joinedj with -the choir in singing a
psalm. Rev. Dr. Thirkield, secretary of
the ' Freedman's Association and Educa
tional Society of the South. . preached an
eloquent sermon on faith." He likened
man's striving for the afterlife of the in
visible world to the pushing upward of a
little flower through the crust of the
Among the most faithful workers have
been the ushers. Mornin". afternoon and
night they have served the public " smU-
EPWORTHXA.N'S TURNED
FROM CENTRAL CHURCH
J. J. Morris of Palo Alto , has been a
most faithful assistant to Chairman Hus
band. He has made regular trips to San
Jose for rehearsals, to Oakland and San
Francisco for meetings.'. He Is one of the
workers that has been but little seen but
his work has added greatly to the gener
al good. , - .
For a commendable spirit of enterprise
and faithfulness the entertainment com
mittee certainly deserves the banner.
Chairman Charles H. J. Truman and his
workers have never lost their heads or
failed to be in the right place at the right
time. The first committee members to
be In their places In the Mechanics' Pa
vilion, they have been on duty from 6:30
a." m. until midnight every day during the
week and are prepared to hold their posts
to-day. : The visitors . have nothing but
words of praise for the treatment accord
ed-them-by this committee.. -•¦ .. •
The man who has . furnished the most
>bf the music for the convention is A./ L.
Scott-Brook. He came from Sydjiey, New
South Wales, Australia, recently and has
freely given his ' time and the general
committee greatly appreciates his : kind
ness. He has been the organist of the
•largest pipe organ in the world and Is an
applicant- for the position of organist at
Stanford and will have the hearty sup
port of every member of the music com
mittee. .
EFFORTS OP LEAGUE
WORKERS APPROVED
Many Contributed to Success of the
Convention "Without Due ,f»J
Recognition.
Baptist Church and many had to stand,
but all expressed themselves as well re
paid after listening to the Rev. Matt S.
Hughes, D. D., of Kansas City, In his
exposition of II Corinthians 5-7.
In tho absence of the pastor. Rev. Mr.
Woods, who is on his vacation, Rev. 8.
\V. Buckbee conducted the opening ser
vice and introduced the eloquent young
divine.' Miss Alice Woods, daughter of
the pastor, rendered a beautiful violin
solo as an offertory. ! She- la home from
Honolulu on her vacation. 1
"For we walk by faith, not by eight."
was the text of the morning. The speaker
Bald in part:
One of the distinct characteristics of the
Christian religion lies in the fact that we
have to do with the unseen. We worship a
God w« have never 'seen, one who Is Invisible,
one whem not bavin? seen yet we love. "We
are pilgrims, having no city but one to come.
We seek an unseen city for our goal.
How are we to place ourselves in a satisfac
tory relationshlD to this spiritual world? We
. cannot see It with our physical eyes, feel It
with our physical hand, hear It with our physi
cal ears: yet we walk by faith not by sight,
and in this we have our answer.
Another question: What do we mean by
faith? Do we know anything about faith? We
know the meaning of love by experience. Not
by what some one tells us or -by what we see.
but by our . actual experience. In the same
way me must learn of faith.
Sin 13 the only unnatural thing: in the world.
When we are called to walk a Christian life
we are called to walk the natural life. 'When
we live the natural life we are living the
Christian life. What I am trying to empha
size is the naturalness and necessity of faith.
There are those who call for something dlt-.
ferent from faith; those -who want something
they call cold, hard facts: .those who place
facts above faith: those who say oar religious
foundation should be facts and not faith.
THE Epworth Leaguers held a meet-
Ing yesterday afternoon at 3 o'clock
In the Alhambra Theater for the spe
cial benefit of children. The little
ones responded Inconsiderable num
ber and were given seats in a body
in the central part of the theater.
The speakers endeavored to suit their 1 re
marks and their language to the under
standing cf tho little ones, and^thc con
versational tones were a pleasing con
trast to the thunderous eloquence and
stereotyped expressions which had been
heard during the week.
The speakers sought to Impress on the
2
HEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
. The. Father of his Country concealed a
luxuriant suit cf hair beneath his queue
wig. Many now wjsh the old fashion were
in vogue to conceal thinned hair or bald-
ness. Tet no one need have thin hair nor
be bald, if lie cure the ' dandruff that
causes both. Dandruff can not be cured
by scouring the scalp, because it is a germ
disease, and the germ has to be killed.
Newbro's Herplclde kills the dandruff
germ— no other hair preparation^ will. "De-
stroy the cause, you remove the effect."
There's no cure for dandruff but .to kill
the germ. ' r'-' .. -
and Very Bark Hair.
GEOBCrE WASHINGTON'S QUEUE
It Hid a Luxuriant Suit of Straight
ADWAI'S EEAD1 BEI.1 JCJ»* - na» stood
unrivaled before the public for, SO years a»»
Pala Remedy.- It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Threats, Influenza Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. ¦ Rheumatism. Neuralgia
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
tor Malaria and aU Bowel Fains. AU druuiw
DR.METERS.&CO. MBSj^L
Specialists. Disease j|§E5?'^
and weakness of K*|p? ' ; ¦!.•• r ,^-
men. Establls h o d .-mrn'^
188L Con sultatlon f (V| **&$ \S|
and private^, book -^*Va. ¦ »l
free, at offlceT or by *W«V. y^SJ8vl
mail. Cures guar- [w»\V^j^^a^
anteed. 731 Mar- f^^^?W
ket street (eleva- >. '^ftS&krtvB ,
tor entrance). San /W^/jSwMK
I California
I Chutney Sauce
« Unexcelled /br\
1 Fi5h,5teahs,chops ctt.
ff 15.* &• 23* Auu Gnoccns¦ "The Transvaal and. Orange Free State
flags flying above the villa were" draped
and half-masted. Shortly before the news
came a crowd of country girls had been
singing a folk- song outside the villa."
not 'informed of his wife's death until
evening. The news was broken to him by
Dr. Heymans and Secretary Boeschoten.
Mr. Kruger,- who had Just returned from
church, burst into tears and asked to be
left alone. He exclaimed. "She was a good
wife. We. quarreled only once, and that
was six months after we were married."
He prayed* for a long time and is now
calmly sleeping, his Bible beside his bed.
PICTURESQUE FEATURES AT THE CAMP OF THE CADETS OF, THE
. LEAGUE OF THE CROSS. . WHO COMPLETED THEIR SUMMER
MILITARY FIELD SERVICE AT NAPA* YESTERDAY MORNING.
"The Missouri Pacific' Limited."
The, only route having through sleeping
car. service between San Francisco and St."
Louis daily. Stop-overs ¦ allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask L.
M. Fletcher. 156 California street. '¦--•.:•
Avwoman may love = flattery and yetde
splsean awkward flatterer. •.
Claims the Nelson Estate.
WILLOWS, July 21.— Walter Harrison,
through his attorneys, filed a petition In.
the Superior Court yesterday to ' have
himself declared natural heir to the es
tate of H. W. C. Nelson, deceased. Nel
son was a bachelor.- The; estate consists
of lands In the northern part of this coun
ty valued at?140,000.. ;¦ • ; ¦
Walton. ¦
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.. July 21.— A
tragedy was narrowly ' averted on the
steamer Elmore by the quick action of
Captain Charles Davis. . The United
States Court at Nome had decided that
Carl Perry was a jumper on mining prop
erty on Black Gulch ,- near Bluff City,
which was claimed by Miss Lena Wal
ton. After the decision had been ren
dered all parties boarded the Elmore for
Bluff City to take possession of the cov
eted claim, and just before the steamer
reached that place Miss Walton and
Perry had some words. The - latter
whipped out his pistol, but before he could
pull the trigger Captain Davis . disarmed
him. When Bluff City was reached Perry,
fearing arrest, disappeared and Miss
Walton reached the mining .claim, posted
her \ notice and was in possession. The
property Is said to be one of the .most
promising in that- district.
Claimant to Mining Property Near
Bluff City Tries- to Kill Lena
SHIP CAPTAIN SAVES
A WOMAN FKOM DEATH
The cornerstone of the new church was
laid on October 28. 1900. The entire cost
of the structure was over $20,000^ The
architecture is of the English - gothlc.
Archbishop Riordan of San Francisco
officiated. He was assisted by eight
priests from neighboring cities. After the
formal dedication of the^ church a solemn
high mass was celebrated.. The music
was of a high order and was prepared by
Mrs. J. P. Berry of this city. The sermon
was preached by the Rev. Peter C. Yorke
of St. Peter's Church, San- Francisco.
At the conclusion of the ceremonies
Archbishop Riordan made a few remarks,
congratulating the parish of St. Rose's
church on the possession of such a su
perb edifice, and paid a high tribute to
the local priest. Father Cassln, for his
untiring efforts In bringing the work to
Its completion.
SANTA ROSA, July 21.-The first house
of worship of stone construction to be
built in Sonoma County was dedicated
In this city to-day. It is St. Rose's
Church and It was consecrated with Im
pressive ceremony.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Impressive Ceremonies
in Edifice at Santa
Rosa.
PRETTY CHURCH
IS CONSECRATED
Belgian Minister Retires. '
BRUSSELS," July,' 21.— Count Delichter- I
velde. : Belgian Minister to the United
States, will retire from that post at his
own request. He will be succeeded by
Baron Moncheura, Belgian Minister to
Mexico, who in' turn will be succeeded by
Viscount de Beghum de Houthem," coun- '.
selor to the Belgian, legation in London. *
Carpenter Killed by a Train.
BAKERSFIELD,- July 21. — Oscar '
Stiibbs, a Southern Pacific. bridge carpen- '¦'*
ter, was killed last night at Pampa. south !
of Kern City. - A . freight train broke in I
two and the car on which Stubbs was'rid
ing went over -an embankment carrying
him to his rleath. . • .
Yukon River Boat Wrecked. :
SEATTLE, July 21.— The Tukon River
steamer Minneapolis, while in tow of the
steamer Charles D: Lane toward St.
Michael July 9, broke, loose wh'en off Cape
Rodney in a choppy sea and drifted about
helplessly, losing her smokestack. Thai
Lane stood by and a boat was sent to the 1
Minneapolis and two women were taken
off and conveyed to the Lane. The men
refused to leave the river steamr. After
seven hours the Lane : succeeded In again
getting hold of the Minneapolis and the
rest of the -voyage was made- in safety.
The Minneapolis, however/lies on' the
bank in Brantley harbor witn her boilers
burned out and useless.
Elwell leaves a mother and two sisters •
at Cloverdale. Cal., and another sister at
D,awson. ¦ Donahue. Is also from Clover- ¦
dale, where he is said to have relatives. |
Cloverdale Men on Way. From Noms i
to Teller City Lost in '¦ j
% Storm. I
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash., July 21.—
Three men who left Nome on July 6 for .
Teller. City in a small boat were caught;
in a storm and their frail . craft was :
wrecked. All were drowned and two of
the bodies came ashore near the mouth
of Penny River. The names of; two,
were James Elwell and Thomas Donahue.
They arrived at Nome July 4 from Daw- ;
son and were on. their way to develop,
their mining claim when misfortune over- j
took them. / •" .. |
GAXE CAUSES DEATH' • . \
OF THREE PS-OSPECTOBS '
HUHLED BY BREAKERS !
ON"' BEACH AT NOME |
Former Governor of Yukon Territory
and Boatload of Passengers
. Narrowly Escape.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.; July 21.— j
Accordlngto advices received from Nome
to-day ex-Governor Ogilvie of Yukon Ter
ritory. Dr. Herbert Hatch. U. S. A.,' and
Mrs. E. S. Walker, wife of Captain
Walker, had a narrow escape from drown
ing at Nome while attempting to . land
at that place.
They arrived from St. Michael July 10
on the steamer St. Paul. The surf waa
beating the shores of Nome, but the party
decided to make an attempt to reach
shore. The launch Evelyn was sent for
them and on returning and when nearins
the shore the machinery broke and the '
launch drifted broadside with the break
ers and was finally cast ashore near
where the skeleton of the barge Skookum
lies. The waves battered the launch al
most Into pieces. The twenty passengers
v/ere panic stricken and were thrown on
the beach, where several . hundred people
had gathered to pick them up. All were',
more or less bruised. • I
"At the conclusion of the regiment's
fifth annual encampment, I must say that
I am extremely pleased. The discipline
and conduct of the boys have won for
them the esteem and good will of the
citizens of Napa. The practical work ac
complished has been of benefit to the
members of the organization. I wish to
thank the members of the band and hos
pital corps for the excellent work per
formed by them during our stay in Napa.
It was an honor to command two such
fine bodies of men. Sergeant Gaughran's
services to the regiment and to me during
the encampment were invaluable and we
all appreciate the services he rendered."
ing and marched to the headquarters at
Market and Tenth streets. As the cadets
passed up Market street - they were
cheered by friends who lined the curbs.
The boys looked healthy and bronzed
from their week in the country. Many of
them wore tin cups, knives and other
table ware as souvenirs of the trip.
Some had pancakes and loaves of stale
bread tied to their belts. When the regi
ment reached headquarters Colonel Mc-
Glointook occasion to praise the officers
and cadets for their conduct during its
stay in JSTapa. Colonel McGloin in an in
terview said:
r. «-*-*-*-.- T-«-»-yyyyy%-yyyvyyyyyyyv
knife wounds and a gunshot wound was
in the back of one the murdered broth
ers.
McDonald buried the bodies and marked
the graves with a cross, on which he
wrote: "Sutherland brothers, buried here
June 17, 1901." McDonald claims to know
that one of the brothers had about J1000
when left on the island last fall.
CLAIMS THE INNOCENCE
OF A v CONDEMNED MAN
Woman Declares O'Brien Is Not
Guilty of a Triple Murder on
the Yukon.
SEATTLE, July 21.— A new sensation
has been sprung in the O'Brien murder
case. Mrs. Hugh Wiseman, whose pres
ent whereabouts is unknown, claims
that she was in her cabin on the Tukon
on the fateful Christmas day in 1898 when
Clayson, Rolfe and Olsen were murdered,
and she asserts that O'Brien stopped at
her cabin on that day from 9 o'clock in
the morning- until late at night.
The statements~are made through Mrs.
H. W. Gowell, wife of the advertising
manager of the Bon Ma»che store of this
city. The' police at Dawson have been
so informed, but they claim that even
were the statement true it would not af
fect .the death sentence already passed
upon O'Brien. ••
Funeral of Late British Consul.
SAN RAFAEL, July 21.-The funeral of
William Clayton PIckersglll, the British
Consul General, was held in this city to
day. The services were at St. Paul's
Episcopal Church and were performed by
the Rev. Wyllls Hall, assisted by the
Rev. Charles Hitchcock. After the ser
vices at the church the body was interred
In the Tamalpais Cemetery. The Foreign
Consular corps of San Francisco attended
the funeral.
Even sickness is well when It ends well.
¦" LONDON. July 22.— All the morning pa
pers - publish kindly . editorials . 6'oncerning
the death of , Mrs. Kruger, and .- express
sympathy with Mr. . Kruger. The Times
begins thns: j
"The English people will : feel . .genuine
sympathy . with the aged ex-President in
the ¦ severe domestic bereavement i which
has befallen him." This is followed by a
eulogy of Mrs. Kruger.
"Owing to- the Sunday telegraph hours
in Holland," says a dispatch to the Daily
Mail from Hilversum, "Mr. Kruger was
torials on Death, of Ex-
President's Wife. '.
London Papers Publish Kindly Edi-
EXPRESS SYMPATHY
WITH PAUL KRTTGEB
Special Dispatch to The CalL
PORT TOVTSEESD. Wash.. July 2L—
On the lonely Island of TTnlmak two
Nome prospectors lie burled under a rude
cross. The circumstances surrounding
their end point to a mysterious tragedy.
The tug King Kurst arrived at Nome
July 11 from Port Townsend and her mas
ter reported to Deputy Collector of Cus
toms "W. D. Evans that he spoke the
fcchooner Lizzie Colby, sixteen miles off
Port Mollen. on June 28, and Captain Mc-
D<*iald stated that he took three men,
two being brothers named Sutherland, the
other named Jackson, to Cape Lapin, Unl
mak Island, for th« purpose of prospect-
Ing. This spring he stopped for them and
found th« Sutherland brothers murdered,
hut not a trace could be found of Jackson.
Flour in 4*ck3 marked "S" and J" and
some other supplies were found on the
beach. «uid their tent, th« ropes of which
eeemed to have been severed by some
Fharp Instrument^ The bodies showed
Prospectors Killed on a
Desolate North
ern Island.
SKIPPER FINDS
MURDERED MEN
The First Regiment, League of - the
Cross, arrived here at 7 o'clock last even-
ARBIVAL OF THE REGIMENT.
There were visitors In camp before lun
cheon and many of them partook of the
hospitality of the regiment. At 1:20 the
"general" was sounded by the bugler sta
tioned at headquarters. In a moment guv
ropes were loosened. Then came the can
non signal and every tent dropped to the
ground. This sight was a pretty one and
was watched with deep Interest by the
spectators. The company tents were
dropped toward the colors and the officers'
canvas homes fell toward headquarters.
The cadets soon had the temporary homes
folded and ready for shipment.
The regiment then held its last dress
parade. "Retreat" was blown and the
national standard that had fluttered over
the encampment was lowered, while the
regimental band played the "Star
Spangled Banner."
your conduct during the week from the citizens
of Napa. There has not been a single com
plaint of any .boy having broken his pledge
or entering a saloon. You have shown all the
people that you can be temperate and at the
came time Indulge In innocent and boyish
pleasures.
HEADQUARTERS, CAMP
// » POWER, NAPA, July ZL— The
IV* people of this city are Borr<*wlng
y^^ over the departure of the League
of the Cross Cadets. At 3 q^lock
this afternoon a special train of
sixteen cans, bearing the regiment,
pulled out of the depot There was
a large crowd present to bid good-by to
the young soldiers. The fair sex predomi
nated and their good-bys and au revolrs
had a note of sincerity in them. The
leave-taking was a sad one and seemed
to be made more bo by the band's rendi
tion of "Auld Lang Syne."
As the train pulled out of the depot the
cheers of the cadets found an echo In the
shouts of the residents of Napa. Coupled
¦with these were the shouts of half a bat
talion of cadets, who were left behind in
the hurry to leave on schedule • time.
Lieutenant Colonel McGloln discovered in
quick time that many of the men failed
to get aboard. He ordered the conductor
to return and the latter obeyed instruc
tions. Agraln the regiment was In Napa
and again it departed amid cheers and
invitations to return another year. ¦
The last day of this memorable encamp
ment was as interesting as the previous
days. Those cadets who were not aroused
from slumber by pranks played on them
by fellow members of the regiment were
out of their tents at reveille, which was
rounded at 6:20 a. m. The decorations in
the .various company streets were taken
down and preparations for breaking camp
were begun. The breakfast was a sub
stantial one, but the cadets could not re
sist the temptation to Bingr a song- about
hanging the caterer to a sour apple three.
Sermon by Father CByan.
The regiment attended special services
at St. John's Church. As usual the sacred
edifice was crowded. The presence of the
cadets in full panoply of war added inter
est to the services. The Rev. Philip
O'Ryan, spiritual director of the regiment,
celebrated the mass. Privates Sohn
and Burns of Company A acted as
acolytes. Special music was rendered by
an augmented choir. Armand Putz, di
rector of the band, rendered "The Palms"
and "Nearer. My God, to Thee" on the
cornet. Father O'Ryan's sermon was
most impressive. In part he said:
On this closing day of your encampment I
*ish to congratulate the officers and members
or the orpa.11iza.tion for their exemplary and
Erentlemanly conduct and bearing during the
week. From my experience with former en
campments and my long connection with th«
organization. I never for a moment entertained
a fear that the League of the Cros«- Cadets
•would do anything to scandalize the pious peo
ple of Napa. It Is true we are not a Sunday
school or a collection of "sissies"; we are all
young: and manly boys, whose principal aim
end object is temperance, and along with it all
the other ¦virtues which go to make up a Chris
tian gentleman.
You came here for a week of recreation and
Instruction. You have had your amusements,
lr.nocent. Indeed, but in public you have al
ways deported yourselves In a manner worthy
of the onranlzation. I have had occasion to
tell & few of you In the early hours of .the
tncrnlng to be quiet, but now, when all Is over
und done. I must again compliment you for
the manner ia which you comported yourselves.
I have heard nothing but favorable reports of
Special Dispatch to Tn© Call.
another moment there was a fight. Three
of the machinists sailed into the Mexican
and began beating him. Mayor O'Hara
and John Baker witnessed this and im
mediately rushed to the assistance of the
Mexican. Baker made use of O'Hara'a
cane and knocked down Gregg. O'Hara
placed Waxsmith hors de combat for a
time by choking him. The disturbers
were then given leave to depart on their
promise of good behavior.
Tries to Use a Knife.
The auartet walked down the street a
short distance and then turned loose on
a second Mexican, who drew a knife. He
slashed Waxsmith across the forehead, cut
open the left side of his face and ripped
his coat O'Hara and Baker were watch
ing the machinists. The Mayor ordered
Constable Beard to arrest the offenders,
but he said he had "no warrant to do so.
Waxsmith 5 rushed into Lagomarsino's
saloon and came out with a carving knife,
but bystanders prevented him from using
It. During the remainder of the night
order was maintained in the town and It
was thought tKat- the incident had been
closed. Waxsmith, -however, purchased a
pistol and the lives of O'Hara and Baker
were threatened. . • ¦
It Is believed 1 that Waxsmltn decided
At Sounding -of "The General" Tents of the Young Soldiers Fall to the
Ground, the Stars and Stripes Are towered and the Regiment Returns
to This City After a Week Spent in Commendable Military Service
placed on record In the morning: In which
Henry Miller and his wife. Sarah, con
vey to the Los Anlmas and San Joaquln
Land Company all separata and Individ
ual and other property In Monterey
County associated ¦ with old Spanish
grants belonging to the cattle king and
hl3 wife. The document bears revenue
stamps representing a value of $35,000, and
is dated June 11, 1901.
Kecorded.
SALINAS, July 21.— A deed will be
Deed Conveying Large Property of
Cattle King Miller Will Bo
OIj3> SPANISH LANDS
TO HAVE NEW OWKERS
last night to kill O'Hara this morning.
The Mayor was sitting under a pepper
tree at his home, conversins with a
friend, when Waxsmith appeared and
fired at him at close range. The bullet
struck O'Hara's mouth, shattered the
teeth and Jaw and lodged in or near the
brain. The surgreona believe that ha will
die. \
Citizens in Mass-Meeting.
The news of the shootins caused the
wildest excitement. Waxsmith was ar
rested and hurried away to Ventura on
the earliest train. The citizens Immediate
ly decided on a mass meeting and there
was much talk of lynching. The meeting
was held at 2 o'clock .this afternoon. S.
G. Brooks, president of the Santa Paula
Board of Trade, presided, and many
prominent citizens addressed the gather
ing. Constable Beard was ordered to at
tend, and he refused. He was then forced
to*appear before the citizens' tribunal and:
was made to attach his signature to a
resignation prepared by Assemblyman M.
C. Clark. Plans were then discussed for
the better maintenance of order In the
town.
Waxsmith is 28 years old. He says ha
fired at O'Hara only with an Intention to
frighten him.
Crime in Ventura County Town Causes the Wildest Excitement Among
Hundreds of Residents— —Mass Meeting-Is Held, Constable Ousted and
Prisoner Hurried Away to Escape the Wrath of Hugh O'Hara's Friends
SANTA PAULA, July 21.— Mayor
i Hugh. O'Hara .was short and prob
ably fatally wounded this morning
by Charles •Waxsmith, an employe
of the Union Oil Well Supply Com
pany. " Since the shooting the town has
been in a state of turmoil, and for a time
there was prospect of a. lynching. This
afternoon, there was a* meeting of 800
angry citizens in Cleveland Hall and the
greatest excitement prevailed. All classes
of citizens, attended, from the superin
tendent of a Sunday school to the ordin
ary laborer.' The crime was vigorously
denounced and measures were taken to
rid the town of objectionable characters.
'The shooting was the result of the
Mayor's effort to preserve order among
persons who insisted on fighting on the
street. Four machinists, Charles Wax
smith, George Gregg, H. W. Wokly and
John Bottoms," ; ended their work at 4
o'clock Saturday afternoon. Shortly after
7 o'clock. they were under the influence of
liquor. While , coming out of Lagomar
sino's saloon Gregg bumped against- a
peaceful Mexican who was rolling- a cigar
ette. The Mexican was angered and In
I "WINTERS, July 2L— A large portion of
the town Is in ruins to-day, and the dis
astrous flre of last nig-ht has not yet been
completely extinguished. Great piles of
¦wheat and dried fruit are still smoldering
near the town. Men, women and children
worked heroically last night. to stay the
names. The work of the women of
Winters compels the highest praise.
It is probable that the cause of the fire
will. never be known. It started in the
packing-house of the Winters Dried
Fruit Company and was discovered at 6:30
o'clock, not over twenty minutes after I\
W. Wilson, the manager of the" institu
tion, and his bookkeeper had gone to din
ner. At 3 o'clock the one flre in the build
ing had been carefully extinguished, and
the place was put in good order at tne
close of a hard week's work.
yrind Spreads the Flames.
The strong wind caused the flames to
spread to Chandler's - office, sheds and
lumber yard. These made a tremendous
blaze. There was so little water that it
was useless to try to put out any fire, and
Lie efforts of the townspeople were turned
toward preventing its spreading- to ad-
Joining buildings. Across the street, to
the south, was J.L. Harlan's fruit pack
ing house, a large two-story building,
anu then came the loading sheds and
warehouses of the big shipping com
panies, all filled with many thousands of
dollars worth " of lumber and crates as
well as fruit. ¦ •. I
Men swarmed over the building with wet
blankets and buckets of water, and, de
spite the .intense heat, prevented the
structures from igniting. On the north
side was the Buckeye Grangers' Ware
house Association's warehouse- No. 1,
vchich was* partially filled with grain. An
effort was made to save it, but there was
a lack of water and a spark started a
blaze on the roof and the building was
soon destroyed.'-' Every man, woman and
child able to carry a bucket was on duty
and saved the dwellings, but two barns
were destroyed. They were the last to go
and made an end of the flre. The losses
are as follows: .
Losses High, in Thousands.
Winters Dried Fruit Company, packing-house
and warehouse, Including machinery and fruit,
$40.0C0, fully insured: Producers' Fruit Com
pany, dried fruit on storage, $3000, insured;
Henry Craner, fruit. $2000, insured -,' California
Prune Association, 250 tons prunes, $10,000, in
sured; J. N. Nissen, fruit, $S0O, insured; J. C.
Tufts, fruit. $400, uninsured; T. H. Boyd &
Son, fruit. $S0O, uninsured; W. D. Overhouse,
fruit. $240. uninsured; George Sims, fruit. 5250,
uninsured; J. C. Campbell, barn, ?150, unin
sured; J. B. Ruggles, barn,. $300, uninsured; F.
B. Chandler, buildings and lumber, $15,000. in
surance $6000; Grangers' t^rehouse Associa
tion, building. $6000. insurance $2500; J. Rum
melsburg, grain, $525, insurance $270; W. H.
Robinson, grain, $378, uninsured; H. F. Deakin,
grain, $225, uninsured; Epplnger & Co.. grain,
$1650, insured: William Sims, grain, $1700, un
insured; William Eaker. grain, $1071, insured;
G. D. Cooper, grain, S3000. Insurance $1S45; S.
K. Baker & Son. grain.. $1360, Insured; T. .H.
Brattln, grain, $9S6, insured; P. H. Johnson,
grain. $168, uninsured; Mrs. - Susan Maglll,
grain, $300, uninsured; Bank of Woodland,
grain, $470, uninsured; Lederer Brothers, grain,
$510. uninsured: J. G. Fredericks, grain, $470,
uninsured; A. McClory. grain, $255, uninsured;
Mrs. S. M. Dexter, grain. $595, uninsured; Fin
ley & Baker, grain, $750, uninsured; C. G.
Robinson. $60. uninsured: MrsyArtle Andrews,
grain, $591. uninsured; Mrs. y. J. Doll,, grain,
$255, uninsured: L. S. Allen; grtiin, $45, unin
sured; Southern Pacific Company/ three cars
valued at about $4000. Total loss, about $100,
000; insurance, $75,000.^ _ , .. -,^. ,
"Aside from the actual losses is the de
struction of over 100 tons of the finest crop
of dried apricots ever harvested here, and
the loss of employment for quite a num
bers of persons, engaged in packing it.
Most of the dried fruit was already sold
for export. The town has recently voted
and sold bonds for a new water system,
and will be prepared to fight future tires.
The rebuilding 6f the burned warehouses
will be commenced immediately.
Heroic Work Done to
Save the Homes
"a/b -Winters.
~y-_ J '.' .*' ' . '¦ . '¦
Cause of the Disastrous Con
flagation in Yolo ; '-•-¦:
Unknown. :~
WOMEN FIGHT
FURIOUS FIRE
SANTA PAULA'S MAYOR SHOT DOWN
AND CITIZENS THREATEN LYNCHING
NAPA GIVES VOCIFEROUS FAREWELL
TO LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CADETS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,: MONDAY, V JTJIuYi 22^ 1901.
MILTON, July ZL— Alexander Wilson, a
pioneer resident of this county, was found
dead on the road near Hodson Friday.
It is supposed that he was overcome by
the heat. .
Overcome by Heat.
3
jBft^ Mark-
indicates purity and perfection in brew- .
ing. It has been used on more bottles
than any other label in the world. It is V
found only on the famous bottling of
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass n
St. Louisi U. S. A.
Brewers cf the original Budweiser, Faust, Michelob, Anheuser-Standard,
Pale-Lager, Export Pale, Black & Tan, Exquisite and Malt-Nutnne.
Order*- promptly filled' by *"
E. G. LYONS COMPANY, "Wholesale Dealers, SAN FEANCISCO.
When the store closes next Saturday night JMEM^^^^^^^^^^^^^^i
our sale of suits and overcoats for $6.65 will /~~"*j^ JmSmfS^^^BSBS fffiSfl
end. There will not be many garments left, but ""^^^S^fwIiHi^^SH
what do remain will thereafter be sold at their ! M^^^^0
. It behooves you to buy soon, so as to be sW^^xSSSBt^BK^tamBSr
sure of your size and a desirable pattern. Re-' Ijf^Sl^^^lJ^^SSy
member this: Every time we have closed a pop- Umi^^^^^^^i^^^'-^^ -""
ular sale on the last day or so many people §w^MmSMbhWb^"
their size. Buy quick and y be sure. This has !^-!§^M^ •
been the most popular sale for the year — the wWm$ti^i$Sto&iim >
values offered created interest among thrifty l^^^^^^^^^P
The suits are cheviots in light, summer}* - iffffilliircmlBS
patterns and weights; the former prices were llliilisil
$8.50, S10.00 and $12.50; special price for our !«&£» ffiflii
The overcoats' are coverts in tan, brown |$^§lf l§*f§i
and olive; just the thing for Summer evening 'liilif Bill I
wear; formerly $10.00. Special price now, . J^ffl Illli
The clothes are union-made, . guaranteed, GSesis&&®E> Wgj§
money- backed, and actually reduced as we say. ¦Man
You. could not ask for stronger evidence of gs§p s
Odds and Ends Sale Contini/es
• ''&5^3*aJ As we said last week, we have gathered a lot of odds and
|||pl|s| ends in boys' suits from our spring and summer stocks and re-
.--¦«|j^^5\ duced them to a price that will clear them out right away. They
yT/* ' % $¦¦' constitute norfolks (like the picture), Russian blouses, sailors,
• JkJ^T ¦'¦' vestees and two-piece suits formerly priced at from $4.00
/wilr^^fflli\ ' . to $8.00; the clearance price is
' -liilfi^ ! ! JSflS 1S4 •A- n y motlier who is not satisfied that the bargains are all we
'1111 i ' Hi ' y^> ; c^ a i m them to be can have her money back the minute she returns
jjfi f ¦ We repeat this to prove that we actually reduce prices when
AMil' Trail' - v. Boys' blue and brown overalls, ages 2 to 17, 25c a pair.
fffifl III - Girls' blue and brown overalls, ages 2 to 10, 45c a pair.
|R|| Wl ¦•'. " -J Boys' shirt" waists, ages 4 to n years, 25c each.
; W.i if ! B°ys.' blouse waists, ages 3 to 8 years, all 'colors, 25c each.
""' JB I '•' llw Boys' and children's straw hats reduced— every hat from 75c
£*|y^*^^^^ to"$2.oo has been reduced to 45c
A glance at our Vl li A //^ /\y^"* JT^-^ Out- cf- town or-
estingv whether you '\*J.r r l- *¥f '-t^T- r**^ 1|[ %^ men's or boys'elotii-"
need elothes, hats . -* . ¦ * ' ' ''".'"..- * m ~- >-^ . ln £' furnishings or
: O r furnishings. 718 Market Street. hats.;ord. His last tickets were all good and he seemed to be incarnate with the shooting-'
spirit. When he finished' his allotted portion the local shooters breathed more than one reiiev
ingsigh.. ' J
¦' '. ; ¦¦-¦¦ . '¦'(•¦¦ - . . ' ' • »
A- DARK horse bolted into view, yesterday in the king shoot contest at Shell Mound and
for a time scared the local contingent into a nervous depression. Louis P. Ittel of
Pittsburg scored 392 for the crown, two points this side "of Strecker's phenomenal rec-
DARK HORSE AT THE RANGES CAUSES LOCAL ;
MARKSMEN TO SHY AS HE NEARS THE CROWN
• ¦ u- -. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
According.to President Frederick Starr
of the University, of Chicago, -a man who
parts his -hair in the middle, displays-un
mistakable evidence of a degenerate In
stinct. : ¦ ..^_
MONTEREY,- July. 21.— Monterey Lodge,
Knights of Pythias," Installed" the follow
ing .officers" on 1 ; Thursday night: .. ; F. X.
Schwartzehbeck; commander; H. -R. Blck
f ord, :. vice 'commander;' -"W. fl Gebsori,' pre-'
late; -. L. Logan, :, M. of "W.; George D.-
Clark, keeper of- records and seal; Wlll-
Pythians :If aine Their.. Officers/
;. SEATTLE; July 2L— The 'Nome News
states that $500,000 was sluiced from; the
winter dump .on creeks ' and gulches ad-'
jactnt to-Nome., The Bank of •¦Nome,
shipped $62,000' on ; the Jeanie, $70,000 onthe
Kimball,$20,000on tho Valencia and $35.000on
the Oregon, making a-' total 'of $187,000. The
Alaska Bankv has shipped. $63.000 •' and has
$60,000. on :hand:>r Quantities 'of. "dust vary-.
Ing. from -$38,000-: to lesser amounts,, aggre
gating $110,000,"are;toiawn- to have reached
Nome; but havevnof passed* through 'the
banks.- This makes a total of $412,000- and 1
?SS,000 is not a high estimate on dust not
Treasure Cargoes From Nome.
.. ; , State-Will .Pay the Bills:
REDDING. July 21,-There are three
t^ZiT 311^* ln And «son. a woman
?«™ T? J dauffhters - As the District At-
Son 7 bv w^ioh 3 V2. e law there * 3 »«> Pro-
JiSwiWn.'nM 8e f UPe t*em3elvW e aiSS«
a possible epidemic, went to' Governor
ffe^Sft t &?W Boardof ««SK™*
ceivJd f ™^Instructions have been re
ceiyea from- the Governor to enforr*» a
theblU. Uarantlne and th0 rat ** "woSwrJaJ
before he submitted his resignation to
the department. | On : account of the 'war
vessels from the United, States ports are
compelled to 'lie in the. bay for days at
a time before dockage facilities -.can be
obtained, and this has caused orders for
certain goods heretofore obtained in " the
United States to be cent to England.
Mail boats arriving from ' Southampton
are allowed to enter the docks immediate
ly on arrival to discharge passengers, and'
they are allowed to discharge their freight
at the same time. ¦
A later report from Mr. Stowe states
that, the plague is on the wane, all re
strictions at the docks from this cause
having been -removed.
Four Men Killed by a Train.
LEBANON. N. Y,, July 21.-A carriage
containing James ' Goodwin of Hinsdale,
Mass. ; William Thurston of Percy; N. II: :
Thomas Burns of Winooskl; Vt.^and^Ed- 1
die.McCabe of ..Lebanon was struck by
the Montreal, express on the Boston and
Maine Railroad, shortly after * midnight
and all four were instantly killed.
Vessels From the United States Find
IMfficulty in Securing: I>ock
' age Facilities.
"WASHINGTON. July 2L— The war in
Cape Colony is hurting the United Statea
trade in that quarter, according to a re
port received at the State Department
from Consul General Stowe, dated shortly
WAE IN CAPE COLONY
HT7B,TTN"G AMERICAN TRADE
to stand by those who sacrificed their positions
before they would take our places. All of the
firemen who are still at work shall remain
until after this convention.
MADRID, July 21.— The Spanish*. Senate
yesterday, rejected a\ motion ; which had
befen 'objected to by the" Premier, : Senor
Sagasta. to determine by Inquiry who was
responsible fonthe disasters to Spain* In
the. war with the^ -United States.
Disasters to JSpain.in'-War.
LOS ANGELES, July 21.— At the cours
ing park tb-day the twenty-four-dog stake
was: won by Henry Lyons' Angle Mac,
Merry Maiden getting second money. Ever
Shore won; the consolation stake, Rock
Island King second. V " ¦
Coursing at Los Angeles.
yPERTH, r "West^ : Australia, July -21>-The
British' steamship Ophir, with the „ Diike"
and Duchess of .Cornwall ;and Yo.rk on
board, which sailed from -Adelaide July
15; for Fremantle, was compelled by
stress of weather to put into Albany. She
reports alJ well. V . . . . .
Duke's Vessel i in a" Storin.
REDDING. July 21.— The farmers In the
Vicinity* of Loomis Corners, nine „ miles
from here, were out- with shotguns Sun
day on an unsuccessful search- for- two
tramps, through whose carelessness j the
whole district -was swept by Are.. The
tramps . left a campfire- burning and the
flames from It were soon carrying every
thing before them in the woods. | The fire
destroyed one orchard entirely, set fire to
the Pine Grove district school building
and- burned a lot of fencing. Many homes
were saved only through .vigorous back
firing. ' . •
Armed Farmers Seeking Tramps.
iam Eeicks, M. of R.; R. W. Patrick. M.
of E. ; A. Vldal, M. of A. : Thomas Pres
cott, inside guard;: A... Westfall, outside
guard; A. Garrick, trustee.!
DENVER, July 2^-^Considerable ' de
struction hy forest and prairie firea is reV
ported from different- points in the- State
directly attributable to the condition of
grass and timber from the long dry 7r>e?t
Timber flres have been burntn-^evwai
days near Mount Evans, iWs Peak 2nd
on the Kenosha Range.
Prowers counties, the center of tht stock
raising d strict, come reports 1 of dest?ucl
tive prairie fires. StaXe official and
ranchmen are becoming alarmed I at Ihe
shortage of water In the streams *
and Prairie.
Considerable Destruction by
Jirf Flames in Forests
FIRES DOING GREAT
DAMAGE IN COLORADO
. ' ' ¦¦. . - ¦: ¦ ¦ -/;!¦. .?/«!,:
TIENTSIN, July 21.— Europeans*', here
consider that the of la speedy
Recrudescence of /trouble. depends.'fentrrely
upon the .firmness displayed by v'ttie^pbw
ers.; It is thouslit-that this fact should
be .. recognized in Europe and the~;TJrjited
States. The general feeling in : Tientsin
is that China is in nowise- overawed or re
pentant. .„• . / , • * -•; r.- .:. .;'¦.'
, LI Hung Chang- Is reported . to : have
adopted an offhand tone toward- a member
of the provisional • Government""-- and V- to
have talked confidently - of | ousting [ the
provisional -Government soon.- '¦•••.. ..
The Chinese "have recommenced cutting
telegraph wires. ' ' " . ' ¦'¦ • '*"-
LONDON, ; - July : 22.— "Jt Is" [ reported
here," - says ' the Shanghai > correspondent
of the -Standard," ."that serious secret so-'
clety disturbances have broken out in the
Hsinghwa , district of the province of
Pookien.". .; ;•; !•. : . '., / -..- , ¦'.>•;.
Imperial Government Is in
. Nowise Overawed or -
Repentant
FIRMNESS BY POWERS
IS REQUIRED IN CHINA
care the crowd at the benches under the
trees sang national songs and lost their
voices in toasts. But there was one man
In the shooting- -ranges who heard noth
ing of the revelry or the picnicking. He
was at Shell Mound on business, that of
shooting. Two days ago some of the wise
men from the East said . look out for
Louis P. Ittel of the Iroquois Shooting
Club of Pittsburg. . And well they might,
for 'this Louis P. Ittel has proved himself
a shooter. A dark horse, blanketed from
public view as he rang up his strings one
after the other, Ittel burst forth yester
day as a star of the first magnitude.
"When his twenty strings were added up
it .was . found that Ittel had scored for
kingship honors no fewer than '392 points,
just two less than Adolph Strecker. Until
Strecker had made his record, 392 was a
towering height or two over every score
made in competition.
With this championship mark In front
of him Ittel certainly - did phenomenal
work. Like Strecker he is of the slender,
keenly strung order of man and' his la?t
tickets improved in quality. As it stands
now Adolph Strecker is high man for king
honors and Louis P. Ittel is a close sec
ond. Ittel made 67 on the honorary yes
terday just as a bit of dessert to his many
course and high-class kingship ..feast. - .
AUL WATCH MASON,; WHO c
MOVES STEABILY UPWABJ)
In the immediate background is, P. K.
Mason, who may make a second of one
and a third of the other. Mason : blazed
away at the targets yesterday and has
now 312 points to his . credit for , kingly
honors. Four strings remain'. to ,be shot
out. In one string registered yesterday
he made 22 points and if he should shoot
an average of 21 on the last four strings
Strecker's record will be .topped by two
KROONSTADT,.' July 2i:— Major Pine-
Cpffln surprised .a' Boer corhniando at
Soningspruit,;, July 19, 'capturing*: Com
mandant . Hatting, , two 4 sona; of •'¦; General
Prins-loo and - twenty-four ¦¦':> others,-." arid
killed .and wounded rseventeen.' ¦• . r ',? ' •,:
LONDON, July .21.— Lord Roberts, the
commander-in-chlef, has issued an order
that in future dismounted infantry offi
cers . are to carry carbines, instead of
swords on active service and in maneu
vers. ¦ ¦•¦.-¦•• ¦••¦.- ¦¦• : .
Sustains a
Loss. .
COMMANDANT HATTING
CAPTURED BY BRITISH
Boer Force > Surprised and
points. Strecker says that he is not wor
rying over possibilities because he feels
it« in his heart that -he is to be the king
and California through him will have the
honor. ' But there are many at Shell
Mound these days who are not so san
guine. Mason has blunt nerves, the eye
of the eagle and a big portion of courage.
He is ready to bet on himself and shows
no lack of confidence at any time. Which
will it -be? To-day or to-morrow will tell
the. tale. .
GRACEFUL ATHLETES GIVE #
." \ , EXHIBITION OF SKTLL
The pleasing feature of the day was the
exhibition given by the- members of the
various Turn " Vereins of this city and
Oakland. Fully 400 members of the Ger
man Turner societies' were the guests of
the officials of the Bundesfest, and they
contributed largely toward the success of
the second largest day of the festival.
The societies,, arrived at the grounds
early in the morning. They were met. at
the gate by President Kuhl& and the offi
cers of the" bund and a brass band and
escorted to the pavilions erected about
the park for their use. The members of
tho Turn Vereins were" all' attired in the
neat gray uniform which has been worn
bythem at many great festivals.- "They
presented- a handsome^ appearance as they
marched through the- grounds and the
thousands of spectators who stpod on eacli
side of the line of niarch>applauded them
liberally. The societies- represented in
the parade were the Eintracht Turn Sec
tion. San Francisco Turn Verein, Oakland
.Turn Verein and the Mission Turn Verein.
The field in front of the music stand
was literally covered with gymnastic ap
paratus. More than fifty of the young
.fellows who marched in the ranks of the
Turners were crack gymnasts.
The exhibition of; strength, agility and
who strain nerve and muscle hour after
hour In a contest with scores and records.
STREAM OF SHOOTERS
CONGEST THE STAXJLS
The number of people who choked loco
motion in the grounds was certainly big.
It was a busy day in every avenue and
walk. But this was nothing compared to
the scene at the ranges. Men who &hoot
for fun, men who shoot for records, men
who shoot for return values flocked Into
the stalls and used up every available
ticket that was on hand. On some tar-
Kets tickets were used twice. Never be
fore was such a sputtering fire heard at
Shell Mound. There was no surcease from
the noise and fury of target pinging and
gun shooting, and when the day was over
secretaries, markers and ticket sellers
were exhausted from their steady, unre
mitting labors.
GAY OLD PICNIC TIME
ABOUND THE TABLES
Out in the picnic grounds where the
merry-makers celebrated song and meas
ured revelry had a high old time.
The different German societies* estab
lished headquarters of entertainment. A
toast and a song and a toast again; but
no confusion, no disorder. This continued
until a late hour in the evening when tne
dancers, tired and worn out with a' day
and night session of the light fantastic,
boarded the city-bound trains. The big
gest social day of the festival had come
and gone and all were happy and light in
spirit, but physically used up. It was .a
yawning crowd that went home on the
last boats.
DARK HORSE FROM THE
EAST ALMOST A KING
Seemingly without a brow-furrowing
WILKESBARRE. Pa.. July 2L— The sta
tionary" firemen's strike has practically
collapsed. At a" conference here to-day
between the executive beard "of the United
Mine Workera and the striking firemen
committees were appointed to wait : onthe
coal companies and if the strikers are
taken back the strike will be declared off.
The following statement was issued
from the firemen's headquarters to-night:
After the officers of the three districts of the
United Mice Workers defined the attitude they
contemplated assuming toward the firemen,
should their strike continue, we thought that
it would be to the interest of all concerned to
bring It to a speedy termination; and in con
sequence thereof we made propositions to them
which were adopted, after which we instructed
the firemen to pursue all honorable means to
have their positions returned.
Although the strike is not yet declared off
until after the answers are received from their
jttnp\oyerm, yet it seems to be the prevailing;
"'opinion. that should they be favorable the ac
tion of the delegates Monday evening will end
the strike. But ehould any one now out of
employment oa account of the strike be dis
criminated against, the end would be as far
off ae ever, and the firemen are determined
Failing to Get the Support of
: Mine-Workers They Will
Return to Places.
STRIKE OF STATIONARY
FIREMEN COLLAPSES
The sharpshooters felt the surging
crowds in the grounds .and many of them
postponed their work "at the targets on
account of the on rush and streaming of
spectators through the gallery above the
shooting' etalls. The pack was greatest in
this very place. Here everybody who en
tered the grounds was to be seen at one
time or another during the. day. Some came
out of curiosity and others out of interest
in the shooters. Some sat down at the
tables, toasted countless kings in the
white-topped liquor or the cold Rhine
•wine ae their fancy dictated. Others
walked in and out again without rhyme or
reason. They did not understand nor
could they feel the spirit that act
uated those men at the butts — shooters
N the programme It went for
ff singers' and turners' day. What
la | it should have been labeled was
8 W Festival day. for every walk,
nook and corner in Shell "Mound
grounds was congested . yester
day with the merriest kind of merrymak
ers, men and women intent upon making
a. holiday and picnic of the eighth diurnal
course of the Third National Bundes Fes
tival. Singing there was without any
etint. and the verein turners did all kinds
of athletic and gymnastic stunts, but
neither made the day. It was the crowd—
Jovial, animated, pulsating with the music
—that gave the second Sunday of the fes
tival its own particular, and distinct char
acter. The opening day was something
like it. Then the crowd was bigger, but it
lacked the hearty freedom and the unre
strained mirth that rode In triumphant
fashion over everything? in the grounds
yesterday morning, afternoon and even-
PEKING, July 21. — Disaffection caused
by the banditti is prevalent in thirty dis
tricts in' the" central part of the province
of Chill.' iTocal 'officials^ are' either disln-;
dined or 'unable' ".with 1 the .force at .their
command to suppress- the troubles. Troops,
sent against the . banditti showed sym
pathy^ for them, many having formerly
been ¦ soldiera. - They are better ; armed
than ¦ the troops. In a recent -conflict -a
hundred soldiers and officers were killed.
The troops of Yuan Shi Kal, Governor of
Shantung, . are the. only- ones that' can -be
trusted' to act." "The'result of dispatching
some. of them to quell the; disaffection is
not yet known. -Even if successful in one
district an uprising is- likely to' occur as
soon- as they depart for» another. .. : -..
Disaffection Is Prevalent in
Thirty • Districts , of ¦ I
• -;. ; / Y: Chili Province.
The music lovers who have been attend
ing the festival expecting to have their
ears gladdened by the sound of song were
given an opportunity yesterday to hear
sweet-voiced Germans sing the songs of
TROOPS IN SYMPATHY
WITH BANDIT BANDS
SWEET-VOICED GERMANS
-.-'•¦ ¦¦ SING NATIONAL SONGS
One of the pleasing features of the'ex
hibition was the, wand drill given by
forty-two picked ' members of the - Vereins.
Highest grade— Fred Attinser Jr. and L.i
Scheppler, a tie. each receiving a gold medal;
second -prize. .Relnhold Kaulfuss. jrold medal:
third prize. Otto- Liebold, silver medal; fourth
prize. "William Hoffmann, silver medal. ;.•'
• Second grade— First prize. Ernest Scheppler,
gold medal; eecond prize. Fred Hoffmann, gold
medal; third prize. Karl Mertens, silver medal;
fourth prize. 'William Helnecke. silver medal.
Field sports— First prize, "William Heinecke,
gold medal; second prize. L. Scheppler, silver
medal. : ;.. 'j..' 1 ¦* ' ¦'¦'¦ '-" '" -' " •' '¦ * ¦• ''
grace given by these young men has never
been surpassed- on. -this coast. » They
seemed to have become imbued with the
spirit of the marksmen who were blazing
away a-t the targets a few yards away.
Like the riflemen their every effort was
their best, and that they broke no rec
ords was due. to the fact that they had
set such high! marks in -former contests.
It was a contest of skill in general ath
letics. . The broad jump was made by the
athlete who made but a poor- attempt at
a-high jump, and the sixteen-pound shot
was put 'the greatest distance^ by prob
ably the:,- fastest sprinter -in the yereins
entered;- From- the commencement of .the
games to their ending the competition
was keen. The .honors went to the mem
bers of the Eintracht Turn Section, who
captured eight out of, the eleven medals
offered as prizes. The other, three medals
¦were won by the members of the San
Francisco Turn Verein. The individual
winners were: ? < '
The following are the highest scores for the
day on the principal targets. Ring target— L.
Otto Lemcke made the highest score
yesterday on the man target. He has
been shooting very poorly since the open
ing of the festival and 'his friends feared
that he would not secure any of the prizes.
He rounded into form yesterday, how
ever, and succeeded 1 in scoring 77 on the
roan target. No ' other j marksman suc
ceeded in scoring as many points on that
target during the entire day. • -••.-
Lemcke's score brings-him a chance- for
second honors on this target. The only
one who has sefured more points is Hen
derson. F. Baumgartner of Cincinnati
was only two points behind Lemcke at the
close of . the shoot yesterday.? * : ; '
' The highest scores on * the honorary" target
yesterday were: Dr. M. E. Taber. Los An
geles, 03: L. P. Ittel," Pittsburg. Pa.. 67; M.
C. Ramsey. Grand Junction, Colo.. 63: P. E.
Croce. Swiss Rifle Club. 62; A. Hempel. Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club. 61; Alfred Gfeller,
St. Louis, Mo., «1: Dr. H. Hunsaker. 61; A.
Studer. San Francisco Grutli. Verein. 60;
Lieutenant F. Kommer, San Francisco Schuet
zen Verein. 60; D. Salfleld. 58.
Arion, Alpenrosli. Bayernbund Gesang
Vereln, • Eintracht ¦ Gesang Section,
Freundschaf t Sanger-Bund, Germanta
Club Gesang Section, Grutli-Verein Ge
sang Section, Harmonie, Kreiger-Verein
Gesang Section, Mission Turn-Verein
Gesang Section, Rothmanner Liederkranz.
San Francisco ~ Manner-Chor, San Fran
cisco Turn-Verein Gesang Section, Stock
ton . Turn-Verein Gesang ' Section,
Schwaben-Verein Gesang Section, Teu
tonia Gesang Section, Walhalla Gesang
Verein and the Hessen Hesang Verein.
CTTO LEMCKE SCORES
HIGH ON" MAN TARGET
the Fatherland. The singing societies
which participated 1 in the' musical" feature
of the day were: . •
The light decorations at Shell Mound
were set on fire during the pyrotechnic
display, last night The flames communi
cated .with the temple of prizes.' fn which
the many valuable trophies for which
the Bund .marksmen are contending are
stored, and for a few moments it looked
as If the building and its contents would
be destroyed. , .
The firemen and guards finally suc
ceeded in extinguishing the flames, but
not without considerable hard work. Tho
damage done was inconsiderable Th«
temple of prizes suffered somewhat, but
the fire did not succeed in penetrating
to its Interior and the prizes sustained
no damage.
TO-DAY IS SET ASIDE
FOR GERMA1T-AMEBICA1IS
An extra large crowd is expected at
Shell Mound Park to-day, as It has been
named by the directors of the festival
German-American day. The Sons and
daughters of the Native Sons and daugh
ters of the Fatherland will be given a
chance to equal the scores of their fathcra
at the butts. A special programme of
music and sports has been prepared for
the benefit of the Americans of German
extraction. . . .
The convention of the delegates to the
Bundesfest will be held at the park to
night. The selection of the place at which
the next' shooting bund will b6 held three
years* hence Is the principal Item of busi
ness to be brought up.
The delegates from the "Western States
have had a sample of the great benefits
tha Bundesfest brings to a State and will
strive hard to secure Its location In some
one of the towns they., represent. Tho
Eastern delegates are equally as anxious
to secure the next fest for one of the East
fern cities. The officers of the National
Schuetzen Bund will also be elected at
this meeting.
To-morrow at noon, as soon as the na
tional contests shall have been concluded,
a ¦ prize shoot for the representatives of
the press will- be heldA • ¦ - •-, -
TEMPLE OF PEIZES
IS DAMAGED BY FISE
T. R. Geisel, Massachusetts. .43. Bear target—
E. P. Jacobson, 8; F. Hagermann, 9.
-The following received goblets and sold and
silver- medals at the daily distribution of
prizes yesterday: Gobleta for 300 points and
.upward— T.J-.Malana, Chicago; L. Vogrsl, New-
York; L. P. Ittel, Pittsburg; E. Berckmann,
New York: P\ D. East. Colorado; Dr. M. E.
Taber, Los Angeles; Captain F. Kuhnle. F«ta
luma; John Gefken, Herman Huber, F. E. Ma
son, R. Stettin,' D. Salfleld,- J. D. Sal field
Gold medals for 130 points , and., over— AUrpd
Gfeller. St. Louis, Mo.; Ausust Haynke, Sac
ramento; Joseph Singer, Los Angeles: A. B.
DorreU, Oakland; Joseph Straub. Louis Haake,
H. Hinkel, John D. Heise, F. P. Schuster. F.
Hasremann, George Rlchmueller, A. W.
Lehrke, J. Bachmann. S. Heino. N. Ahrens.
Silver medals for 50 points and more — L.P.
Ittel. Pittsburg; L. VogeJ, New York; L. P.
Hansen. Jersey City; Ei Berckmann, New
York; F. Baumgartner, Cincinnati; W. Hasen
zahl, Cincinnati; H. Strecker. Stockton; A.
Hohmann, J. Leemann, F. Rathjen, ' M. O.
Feudner, F. S. "Washburn. A. Hemoel. U.
Kemensperger, J. Schuler, W. Hatje, F. Suter.
M. Keubold, J. E. ¦ Gorman, J. F. Twist,
George Krueckel, Henry Atzeroth of San Fran
cisco. • '
| P. Ittel, Pittaburg, 71; C. J. Barnes. Colorado,
[¦71; W. H. French, Colorado, 7L Man target—
SCENES AT SHELL MOUND PARK DURING THE PROGRESS OF THE TURNERS' ATHLETIC EXHIBITION
v - THE HAJN 1TKANC1SCO CAL.I;, MOJNDAr, V^Lr' aa, lyui.
LOUIS P. ITTEL OF PITTSBURG COMES WITHIN TWO POINTS OF ADOLPH
STRECKER 'S KING SCORE AND F. E. MASON IS MOVING UP POINT BY POINT
ing.
4FORMER MAYOR OF SAN
FRANCISCO WHO DIED YES
TERDAY. •¦ . - , .:•--¦
Dr. Charles ¦ Hose • of ' Sarawak - after
many experiments has formed the . theory
that the disease berl berl arises ln tropical
regions- from the ? consumption- of .moldy
rice. < Dr., StrangewaysPigg of Cambridge
has exDOunded the' theory : In, England. . :
Makes "World's Record , Time; ¦
LONDON. July 21.— Arthur Duffy of
Georgetown University, In the Infirmary
sports, at 1 Leicester, Saturday, won the
100-yard. dash in :9 4-5,: the. world's record, 1
beating McLean; the amateur, champion of
Scotland. ' ~ . ¦> : ¦
Kraenzleln, of the University of Penn
sylvania won the : 120-yard • hurdle ; handi
cap, from, scratch in/ :15 2-5. . ¦¦> \
LONDON, July' 22.— "The rise of the
North Sea coast or the sinking of the sea
level has been continued.", says the Ber
lin correspondent of the Standard, "by
observations at -the mouth of the Kaiser
Wilhelm canal. - There has been ; a , de
crease in the depth of the water, at the^
mouth of the Elbe from sixteen to eight
een feet since 1895."
North Sea, Coast Is Raising.
ST. PETERSBURG. JulyN,2L— United
States Senator W. A. Clark, according to
the Novoe Vremya, has Joined with Kieffe
capitalists ln establishing a copper com
pany having a ; capital of 15.000,000 ruble?*.
Clark supplying 12,000,000 rubles. With M.
Margolin, one of ¦ the directors. .Clark is
going to the government of Semlpalatlnsk
to examine the mines there.
MENOMINEK, Mich., July 21.—Govern
ment Lightkeeper Young early this morn
ing saw a vessel afire about seven miles
southeast 'of Green Island. He reported
to the fire tug- Menominee and that boat
went out to the scene, but. the boat sank
before it could be' reached. It .is not
known' what boat it ,was. j It is feared
that all on board were lost,. as no report
from -any one 'on board the vessel .has
been received. _ - \ .
Clark Invests" in Russian Mine.
Burning Vessel Goe3 Down.
International Mining Congress.
BOISE, Idaho; July 21.— A considerable
number of delegates to the International
Mining Congress, which convenes in- this
city the 'coming week, have already ar
rived.' President Prince of New Mexico
is expected to-night. - -4. dispatch. was re
ceived by one of the hotels asking for ac
commodations for a party - of forty-nine
frcm Cripple Creek and vicinity. ..,-.
¦The' congress will not convene - until
Tuesday morning and it is not expected
that the - delegates generally . will arrive
until to-morrow evening and Tuesday
morning.. - ¦ _
Ice Blockades Coast of Labrador.
ST. JOHNS, 'N. F.. July * 21.— The
mail steamer ' Home,' which " arrived
here to-day from Labrador, reports "that
the coast is blockaded with ice floes, es
pecially the northern part, where the
floes are -imnenetrable. This will greatly
delay the Peary relief steamer ErlTc,
which counted upon calling, at Turnavia,
Northern Labrador, and landing her last
mail before entering the Arctic circle. The
Home had to abandon the attempt to
reach her terminus in consequence of the
ice. . ¦ .. .' ;¦ . ¦. •: ¦. .; '
WASHINGTON, July 21.— As a result of
a report submitted to the 'Austrian Coun
cil of Agriculture/setting forth that suits
cannot be brought to recover losses ¦ ln
transactions "for the future delivery of
grain, the i Council has unanimously de
clared Itself In favor of prohibiting alto
gether transactions in grain, for future
delivery. This Information is conveyed
in a report to the State Department from
Consul Warner of Lelpslc,' Germany. Wer
ner states that the Council has petitioned
the Government to use its Influence to
suppress this practice altogether in Aus
tria-Hungary. .;
Grain for Future Delivery.
DENVER, July*21.— E. W. Gray was ar
rested at the -rooms of. the.TYoung ! Men*s
Christian Association in'-" tills*. city to-day
on the charge of obtaining:' possession of
$300 worth of diamonds from an . Omaha
jeweler . by misrepresentation. , It is
charged that Gray was given permission
to take the diamonds to show them to < a
young Omaha lady and that he failed to
return. ; It is said- he admits that .'he -is
the person wanted but that the diamonds
were lost in Omaha, and there was no In
tention of fraud on his part. . Gray was
once a proofreader on the Topeka Capi
tal, and comes from a~ prominent New
York family. .
on a Charge of Embezzling*
Diamonds.
E. W. Gray Under Arrest at Denver
Washington— Original, Francis M. "Wait,
Port Anpels, $G. Reissue— Godfrey Mendy,
View, $12. - -_ -. .
ACCUSED OF SWINDLXNa-'.-y'
AN" OMAHAl JEWELER
Oregon— Increase, Albert McClung, Oak
ville, $12. Widows— Mary E. Meln, The
Dalles, $S; Elizabeth Flick, Huntington,
These pensions were granted: California
—Original. Francis : B.; Fltzpatrick,' Eos
Angeles,- $6: Henry J. McDermott, Sunol
Glen, $6. ¦ Increase— "William S. Hinkle,
San Diego, $12; Frank A. ' Kelley, San
Francisco, $27.
WASHINGTON, July 21.— The Postofflce
Department has issued the following:
Postmaster appointed:;. California—Clar
ence E. Fowler, Merced t Falls, .Merced
County, vice " Scott ! Sampson,' resigned.
Postofflce discontinued i - Oregon— Emery,
Crook County, mail to Sisters. ;
in the Service and Pensions
. Are Issued. •' /."
Postoffice Department Makes Changes
OF INTESEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
NEW YORK, July '21.— "This Is no time
for talking; it Is time for . action." This
was Rear Admiral Wlnfleld Scott Schley's
reply to-night to .a"* request for a state
ment of his intentions in regard to the
attack made upon him in the third .-.vol
ume of Edgar Stanton Maclay's "History
of the Navy.' 1 - ¦ '• •¦¦ri :¦ ' • . ¦¦¦'...
It foreshadowed Rear Admiral \ Schley"s
purpose of taking measures \ to i call Ma
clay legally to account for the accusations
of cowardice and falsehood imputed to
him. In the' volume which has juat been
issued from the press. . ..
Beyond the declaration that the time for
action had arrived, Rear Admiral Schley.
would say nothing of his plans as to Hie
shafts which have been aimed at him.
That It is his Intention, however, to sum
mon ;Maclay and possibly also his pub
lishers to answer in the courts for his
version of the course pursued by Rear
Admiral Schley during .the operations
which culminated in the battle of San
tiago, there could be no doubt.
• Rear Admiral Schley spoke like a man
who has endured to the limit of. his capa
city the taunts of his opponents. Had the
controversy ; which has now reached' its
climax occurred a century and a half at;o,
Maclay would have by:this time received
a challenge, It was asserted, to answer for
his words on the field of honor.
Maclay, in discussing his book, upon be
ing reminded of the possibility that Rear
Admiral Schley would seek redress In the
courts, said that he was . perfectly -willing
to face any action that might be brought.
At the same time," however, he suggested
that the natural course for Rear Admiral
Schley to pursue would be to apply for a
court of 'inquiry so .that- he -. might be
Judged by his fellow officers. ' *
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
Man Who Aroused the Ad
miral's Wrath Ready to
Face the Music.
SCHLEY TO SUE
AUTHOR MACLAY
Says It's No Time for
Talking but for
Action.
NAPLES, July 21.— Francesco \Crlspl.
the , Italian, statesman/ Is again" ill. His
heart is very., weak./
Crispi Is Again 111.
The Rev. Edward Schnadhorst has been
pastor of a London church for forty-three
years without a salary. He is a man of
independent means,. who in, 1858 dedicated
his. life to work among, the poor of the
East End of London.
Complete Their Inspections.
¦WASHINGTON. July 21.-Secretary
Root, who with General Gillesple, chief of
engineers and Colonel Randolph, chief of
% iL ery * £ as been making an inspection
tiirn^ ? «***. P 05518 ln the West - re
turned to Washington this evening.
Lake Tahoo and Return.
» ery low season round trip tickets to
Lake Tahoe from San Francisco, Oakland,
Alarneda, Berkeley, San Jone, Stockton,
Sacramento. Marysvllle, Napa. . Santa
Rosa, Woodland. Friday to Tuesday,
round trip from San Francisco only $10.80.
Literature nearest agent or at 613 Mar
ket street.
"Job and the Power of Pain."
Yielding to the solicitations of many
persons at Camp Reverie who were not
here early In the week when Professor
Stratton gave his first two addresses, he
to-day spoke on "Job and the Power of
Pain." Touching on the fact that "the
college training of necessity cultivates
the attitude of self-asserdon, of personal
mastery— a kind of intellectual tyranny
over the universe," Mr. Stratton said:
"There should be more attention given in
cur colleges to spiritual restoratives, to
exercises which would cause us to resume
a hearty and healthy attitude toward
life. • • • I know of nothing better,
during the college period itself, than to
come frequently into the presence of the
jrreat and beautiful products of the hu
man spirit and let them work upon us
and help us to truer reverence. We of the
vounger generation, in our neglect of the
Hebrew Scriptures, are in danger of al
lowing this wonderful book of Job to
cease to be a part of our spiritual re
sources." When expressions like the fol
lowing fall from the lips of the molders
of the thought of our young men and
maidens, we may well augur the best for.
and be proud of our great university:
"Through suffering there is revealed in
the vrorld, with a clearness which noth
ing else can give, the unselfishness, the
unfaltering loyalty to one's ideals, which
we feel if the most precious trait in men.
"Men vised to think that perfection of
character could be stated as' a relation
between two persons merejy. between,
God and the individual's private will. The
modern world, however, has come to see
that personal attainment «romes only
through connection with other men and
requires human co-operation. • • • Our
highest powers are called out and realized
only in the presence of other men; so
that, without expressing, or proving his
character to them, a man does not finally
come into possession of his character.
"Our own purification and the purifica
tion of society comes through the influ
ence of the revelation of one man's heart
to his fellows. Character is thus some
thing which cannot be as a secret between
God and individual, but must be tested
and proved and revealed to others, both
for bis sake and -for one's own.
"It Is a strange fact, which history
brings out, that men who have been su
premely effective in drawing men are
those whose sincerity has been witnessed
and sealed by enduring pain. Without the
prison and the hemlock, Socrates would
have seemed a tiresome quibbler. Without
the stripes and the crucifixion, Jerusalem
would never have been the • renewing
source of our modern life.
"The value of suffering thus rests not
primarily on Its power to call forth pity,
but on its power to bring man into the
very presence of spiritual facts. Up to the
tim<9 of his great trial Job says he had
only heard of the Lord by the hearing of
the ear. but during his affliction, his eye
caw him face to face. Pain discloses to
the sufferer and to those who witness his
suffering the reality of an intangible
world, in that men will give their bodies
to b«» burned rather than do even the least
that is contrary to truth 'or honor or
friendship or worship."
PROFESSOR GEORGE M. STRAT
TON SPEAKS AT CAMP
REVERIE.
CLEVELAND, Miss., July 21.— This
morning at 1:30 a band of armed negroes,
none of whom was known, rode into
Cleveland and, stopping a party of three
white men ! on the street, made threaten
ing demonstrations. Being called upon
to give their names, they answered by
brinsring their rifles into play. One of the
negroes was killed on the spot. Another
was wounded and it is reported that his
body has been found on the outskirts of
town. The others escaped, although It is
supposed that more than three were hurt.
They were armed with rifles and were
well mounted.
Excitement was at fever heat during
the remainder of • the '; night. . Squads of
armed men patrolled , the streets until
The troubls grew out of the lynching of
Jesse Phillips in the earlier part of the
rrght. The 1'Cgroes in this section are
orpanlzd intt» "lodges," "secret orders,"
prot«<:tive societies, and as. Phillips was
a leader among them it was feared that
an attempt would be made to aveoge his
i'tlms tern decided that the breaking up
of these negro organizations is necessary
and tbfre is no doubt that this decision
will be enforced. The town is quieter to
day than is usuallj the case, even on
Sundny. ¦ ' "'' ¦ ¦'-
Armed With Rifles They
Make a Threatening
Demonstration!
- Z- ¦- . •<
FORMER Mayor L. R. Ellert died
at 4:20 p. m. yesterday at his
home, 1913 Webster street, after
an Illness of several months' <lur-
ation. Death was due to a com
plication of diseases. The end was ex
pected and the wife and son of the ex-
Mayor were at the bedside when he passed
away.
Dr. Julian, Perrault, the attending phy
sician, - announced yesterday at noon,
after a consultation with other phy
sicians, that Mr. Ellert's malady was
beyond treatment; that death might ccme
at any time and that in any event the
patient could survive but a few days. ,
Brig-ht's disease of the kidneys.. liver trou~/
ble and an affection of the heart, from !
which Mr. Ellert suffered many years,
aggravated by excessive bicycle riding,
carried him to a point where there was
nothing left for the physicians 1 to. do but
to make him as comfortable as possible
until the end came.
Mr. Ellert suffered severely for
months and was confined to his bed 'for
ten days. For several days he had been
unconscious. Hi3 wife and son were con
stantly at his bedside, having been noti
fied by Dr. Perrault that death within a
short time was inevitable.
When Mr. Ellert began to decline "sev
eral months ago he decided, at the sug
gestion of Dr. Perrault, to go Into the
country. Dr. Perrault accompanied 1.1m.
Mr. Ellert remained. two months at Car
mcl River and a month at Para'so
Springs. The change brought about no
noticeable improvement, however, and
Mr. Ellert took up his residence in Ala
meda County with his family. He became
eo enfeebled that it was decided a few
weeks ago to bring him to his home in
this city, the fact that he could live but
a short time being clearly apparent.
Shortly after Mr. Ellert was brought
back to this city Dr. Perrault called Dr.
MacMonagle. Dr. W. R. Cluness Sr., Dr.
Hlrschfelder and Dr. E. L. Perrault into
consultation. Mr. Ellert was carefully ex
amined by the physicians and all reached
the conclusion that the patient was be
yond aid. From that time Dr. Julian Per
rault was in constant attendance upon
Mr. Ellert, not with the hope that he
could better his health, but for the pur
pose of alleviating his pain during the
brief moments of the patient's conscious
ness. Mr. Ellert ra lied for a moment yes
terday morning, but, as Dr. Perrault said,
it was naught but a flash, and again the
patient lapsed into unconsciousness, jink
ing lower and lower, until death finally
relieved his sufferings.
A Self-Made Man.
Ex-Mayor Ellert was born in this city In
October of 1S56, hence was in his forty
fifth year. When a mere youngster his
parents went to Redwood City, and there
NEGRO AVENGERS
GROW TURBULENT
SMUGGLERS FALL
INTO NEAT TRAP
Shortly after his retirement from the
Mayoralty he was admitted to- the bar,
and abandoning active politics formed a
partnership with George D. Squires, with
offices In the Mills building. He organ
ized the California Title Insurance and
Trust Company and served as vice pre3l
dent and manager of the corporation for
a year, when he resigned. The Sanitary
Reduction Works was also built under
his directorship and his interests in the
two corporations named occupied a con
siderable portion of his time. Finally ill
health compelled him to abandon active
control of these corporations, but his
health Improving he again took up his
work and also organized the Continental
Salt and -Chemical Company. A sensa
tional suit was recently filed against Mr.
Ellert. Sheriff Lackmann and A. L.
Berteling as directors of this corpora
tion, but Mr. Ellert never knew that a
legal fight which promises to be full of
bitterness had grown out of this, his last
work as an organizer and promoter.
Mr.Ellert's widow was a Miss Boucher
Arthur Ellert, an only son, is now 15
years of age. * •
His last work of note in public life
was as a member of the Board of Free
holders, elected to frame a- charter for
the city. Ellert led a spirited fight in
the board for the office of- president, but
was defeatea by Joseph Britton, whose
death occurred a few days ago. He won
the fight for the chairmanship of the
legislative department, however, and was
a member of the finance, executive ¦ and
public works committees.
Member of Board of Freeholders.
Upon leaving the College, of Pharmacy
he obtained backing and opened the drug
store on the southwest corner of Kearny
and California streets. This establish
ment Mr. Ellert conducted for many
years, and it was while engaged In this
business that he went Into politics, and
for fifteen years was prominently identi
fied with the affairs of the municipality.
In 18S6 ho was nominated for the office of
School Director, but was | defeated. This
! did not cool his political ardor, however,
and in 1888 heswas elected -Supervisor. He
* wa3 re-electedvto the office of Supervisor
in 1890,. and at the end of his term accept
ed the Non-Partisan nomination for the
Mayoralty. He had fulfilled his public
trust bo faithfully in the face of trying
obstacles that his election was a- natural
sequence. . ;'¦¦¦. ; • .
Again Ellert came up for re-election to
• tho office of Mayor, but a political up
heaval, coupled with Adolph Sutro's. mas
terly " battle against the Market-street
Railway. Company, which. was not high in
the estimation of the people at that time,
resulted in his defeat and the election of
Sutro.
young Ellert obtained his first employ
ment, as a newsboy on the old San Fran
cisco ;mfl San Jose Railroad, now a part
of the Southern Pacific system. While
working as a newsboy he accumulated
sufficient money to enable him to attend
a business college in this city, from which
he graduated. Leaving the college, he
obtained employment as a drug clerk, and
from his earnings saved sufficient money
to carry him through the College of Phar
macy. .
EL.PASO, Texas, July 21.— A smuggling
.conspiracy of gigantic proportions was
unearthed by cuaoms guards last night
and resulted in the arrest of three mem
bers of tho smuggler gang and the seiz
ure in this city of several thousand cigars
of 'the finest Mexican manufacture. The
smugglers were all Mexicans and were
captured red-handed, through one of the
neatest ruses ever worked on the border.
One of the prisoners is Francisco Guer
rera. a Mexican customs official,' and one
of his pals Is an El Paso tailor.
Some weeks ago these men approached
Carl Ennis, a local cigar dealer, and pro
posed to furnish him as many; thou'san-J
.smuggled cigars pep month as he might
desire.' He closed a contract with thorn
lor 15,000 Victoria de Colons monthly at
manufacturers' prices. Last night was
i agreed upon for the delivery of the first
consignment of the co'ntraband goods and
when the smugglers reached the rendez
vous in this city agreed upon they found
two customs guards and a policeman in
waiting. The officers covered the smug
glers with six-shooters and the arrest was
made .... without . bloodshed. • The i cigars
which had been brought over, from Mex
ico were seized and will be , used as evi
dence when the case is called before ;thvj
United States commissioner. This, with
the testimony of Ennis, Is thought to be
sufficient to convict the smugglers anj
send them up for iong terms.
Mexican Customs Official
Caught and 'Made
- Prisoner.
FORMER MAYOR ELLERT EXPIRES
AFTER SEVERAL MONTHS' ILLNESS
Prominent Business Man and Politician Succumbs
pJto a Complication of Diseases, the Last Few
Days of His Life Being Spent in Unconsciousness
In normal years the rainfall between
•T.iiy 20 and August 15 is litfht, and a re
turn to nonn&l precipitation would, n.n
save the parched fields.
CHICAGO. July 21.— All heat records
Fince the establishment of a weather bu
reau in Chicago, thirty years ago, were
broken to-day, the Government thermom
eter registering 103 degrees. Down on the
street it was from three to live degrees
hotter, and to add to the suffering a hot.
stifling wind, like a blast from a furnace,
blew all day from the southwest. From
5 o'clock in the morning, when the ther
mometer registered 77. a gradual rise fol
lowed. «ntil at 4:39 p. m." the notch had
been reached. Shortly after that time the
wind veered around toward the lake and
caused a drop to 95 at 8:30 to-night.
Prostrations were numerous and police
ambulances were kept busy taking care
of persons who were overcome on the
streets. ,
So far as heard from, no rain of any
eons-Hiuer.ee has fallen in any portion ?f
the drought belt in the past twenty-four
hours, and conditions everywhere have
iieen discouraging.
Prayers for rain were offered In nearly
all the churches in Kansas City to-day
anil generally throughout Kansas.
KANSAS CITY. July 21.— The heat to
ilay broke all records, the temperature at
4 p. rr.. being 104. Thermometers on the
street at 11 o'clock to-night recorded 93.
This is the thirty-second day of the hot
Fppll and there is no Indication of a.
chpnge. In Kansas City, Kansas, three
.deaths due to heat were reported to-day
There was not a trace of rain anywhere
5n this vicinity, and what little wind there
was came from the south and instead of
being a relief added to the discomfort.
The parks offered rot the slightest relief
to the masses who sought cool retreats.
Four prostrations were reported to the
police. Not a cloud appeared in the sky
and no relief is in sight.
OMAHA, July 21. — With the exception
of July 2j>, 1S94, on which the temperature
reached *!03. to-day has been the hottest
this city has experienced In twenty-seven
veers. The mercury stood at 99 at II
o'clock, gradually going up to 104 S-10 at
4:15 p. m., and at 5 p. m. back to 104.
During the day the relative humidity.
as reported by the weather bureau,
ranged between 30 and 52 degrees. .
The intense heat extended all over the
£tate. At different points the maximum
temperature was: Chilllcothe. 114; Bowl
ing Green. 112; Paris. 10S; Monroe City.
1C7: Springfield. 100
Two victims of the heat were found
dead in bed. There were a number of
prostrations, two of which may prove
fatal.
The Governor's proclamation was very
generally heeded, nearly every church in
the city holding well-attended services
riven up to prayer that the drought
mig-ht be broken.
: i:iiite came as a draught from a furnace,
99 intensely hot was it. Those who dared
to leave their homes went for comfort to
the parks, which were thronged all. day
and late into the night with thousands of
Buffering humanity.
ST. LOUIS. July ZL— On this, the day
that Governor Dockery designated for
fasting and praying to God that the pres
ent drought may be broken In Missou-!.
all 4-ecords for hot weather In Bt. Louis
were equaled, the weather bureau thermo
meter on the Custom-house registering 106
degrees in the shade. On the streets and
In exposed places the mercury went many
degrees higher. /
As early as 7 a. m. the day gave/promise
of being unusually warm. At that tlma
the thermometer registered 90 degrees and
from then on, until 3:30 p. m., the mer
cury eteadlly climbed upward under the
impulse of a fierce sun shining from a
cloudless sky. There was hardly a breath
iff air all day and the little that did dr-
Not a doud Appears in'the
Sky and Relief Is Not
in Sight
Hpt, Stifling- "Winds Add
to the Suffering of :
the People.
MANY ARE DYING
FROM THE HEAT
¦¦ ¦ ¦ • , ' \ ¦' - ¦ .¦
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; JULY 22, 1901.
5
lirtANl O3> aT^alaVWlaBW IwB
L¥ tttE^ tf*«i
SUTTER ST.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
j MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY.
ENAMEUNE, Y%R*. 7 tins 25c
STOVE BRUSH, 20c
! Hade of black selected bristles.
Bahach Insect Powder,
% lb. v regularly 35c.... :............. 25«
; V> lb. regularly 60c... 35cV
Positive exterminator of files and every •
_ kind . of j Insect. . • . - ¦ ,¦
COFFEE, "Oriental," 2 lbs 55c
. A ¦ hlgh-giade 'blend. Roasted and
' ] ground fresh dally, i ; . .
COCOA; "SUCHARD" SWISS,
. % Ib." Res. 50o.:...... 40c t
1 lb, Reg. 90c; .......80ot
Absolutely! pure— known a* , the. highest
grade of cocoa the world over. : .
CATSUP, v; f^^^M !rotl5c .
CHEESE, Eastern, Sf N Hiclb
. Full cream. Martin's Herklmer County.
TOILET PAPER,'
"Queen, ". in rolls.
Reg. 3 for 25c; now 4 33 c
'"Cascade," in pkgg.
Reg. 3 for 25c; now 4..............25O
LEMONS, dozl2^c
Re jr. 20c • doz. '- Fanciest. ¦
WOOB ALCOHOL, gal 95c
' For burning only. Reg. $125.
FAVORITA DE CAL, CLARET,
Re?. $i doz. qts.. .............. ......93.25
/ Reg. $2 50 doz pts...... -2.15
We cannot recommend anything better j
for a' light old table -wine.
FRUIT SYRUPS, "£• 5S? qt.bot 40c
,. Raspberry, Strawberrj'i Grenadine, Plne-
¦ apple. Lemon.' - . .'
REX CORN BEEF, «« 2 for 25c
SODA CRACKERS, to^Re^ IT*- 20c
Fresh' and crisp. ,
Our VELASQUEZ, clear Havana,
Key v West, Cigars arc winners.-
10:25 act
6:20 pm
CALIFORliU KORTflVESTJSBI RY. Ca
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AHD KORTH PACIFIC
- RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:00.-n:00 a. m.; 12:35.
1:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5j
und 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30. ¦
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rai'atI to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 8:10, 7:60, »:!0, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
1:40, 6:15 p. ra. Saturday*— Extra trips at l:;j
and «:33 i>. m. .
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a, m.; 1:40. 8:40.
6:05, 6::; p. m. «
~ Leave I in EHect I Arrive
San Francisco. I April 28. 1901-1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I Destination. [ days. | Dayi.
7:30 am 8:0'J am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 ant
8:30 pm 9:30 am . Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm' Santa Rosa. 7:55 pm 6:20 pre-
" j Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburj. 10:40 am
Lytton.
i Geyserville.
1 S:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 an
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami W-*° » m 10:25 am
[ 8:00 ami Guernerille. 7:03 pm
3:30 pm| 6:00 pm ¦ 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma ' 9:15 ami 8:40 am
- I and
6:10 pm 6:00 pmj Glen Ellen. <:05 pm 6:30 pm
7:20 ami 8:00 ami . 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm! Sebastopol.. 1 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stares connect at SantavRosa for Mark Wes:
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skagss Springs: at Cloverdale
for. the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprlnss. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda, Bay. Lakeport and BarUett
Eprings; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter,
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomp. Po'.ter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's, BuckneVs.
Sanhedrln Heights. HullvlHe. Git's Hot
Eprings, -Mendoclno City, Fort BraKg. West-
port. Usal. Wllllts. Laytonville. -Cummins.
Bell's Borings, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.ScotU
and Eureka. *' . "
Saturday to, Monday round trip tickets at r»-
U On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. -
Ticket Office, 650 Market street. Chronlcl*
, Buildlns.
H. C. WHITING, ' R- X. RYANV
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A*t.
SOUTHERN PAOIPIO.
Xrslaa !•¦»«• nail mra t*n» *• arrlwa ai
¦ MAN ritANCIK«J«».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
LXATB — TxOUJtn.Tli.190L . — AXJUYS
7:OOa Banida, Sulaun, Zlmlr* and 8acan>
men to. . 11 - . . . ...................... f):S.1r
¦J:OOA.V»c*Tille, "WTntew, Kunuey ?«33r
7 iHui U utiaez, San Uauien, Vallejo, N»p»,
J C«JUtof» and Santa Rosa fi23r
¦:OOA IHrla, Woodland, Knljtlt* L»ndlnj,
MarysTllle. Orotill«_ 7tS*T
SiOOa Atlmotlo Rzpreaa— Ogdaa and twl SaiSSy
? H:MOa Niles, Lithrop, Stockton ?i3ar
StVOANUea, Mendou, Hanford, Visalla,
Forterrllle 4:33?
SiSOa. ShaaU Express— DmTta, WlUUas (for * . -'
BarUett Sprints). VTlUom, Bad ''---,
BluS. PotU»nd. 7>O3r
¦iSOa 8au Join, .UTermora, Htooklon, ••-•:,.:;
. Iona. Baeramanto. rjamuflla.
MurjsTDIa, CWeo, Had IHnff...... . . 4tZ3t
SiSOA Oaidale. Chlneie (Yciralte), So- . • *
nor*. Carten 4t2.1p
»tOO* Harvard, Nllea and W«j SUUona.. IIiA.Ia
9t«OA Vallejo I?i25r
DiOOA Lot ADBelaa Express — afartiues.
Tracy, L»throp. Utooktoo, Meroed
Freiuo and Lcs Ac?ele» 7iS3r
0:30 A Vallejn. Maitluex and Way Stations ?i33»
IOsOOa Tha OTerland limited— Ocdeo, Don.
Ter, Onmhft, Chiotca fliiap
tl:OOr Saer»raeut<> liWet Scaamara......... t.itOo a
8:30r Hayward, Ulles and Way flUtloo*.. i 7:35?
4UOO* JUsnlcia. Winters, Haoramento,
Woodland, Knithts LandliK.
MarysTille. Ororllle 1 0:334
4:OOr UarUuex. Han JUmoii. Vallajo,
- Napa, «.'»ll»t«g«. «»nt» Koak »iMl
4:OOp Nile*. Llrermore. Stockton. Lodl... 13>»3p
4i3»j> Hayward. Mlea, bail Jnse, LiTcrmoro t *:.13*
4:3Op Port Co*' a. Trie?, Lathrop, Stock ten . ]o:23a
3:U0rTh« Owl Iimited-rreiuo, Tuliie,
UdkeraBeld. Saujiw for 8»aU Bar-
bar*. Los Ancelea - S:33i
O:OOr Martlrx-z. Anlloch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno l*i2Sr
8:0»r Tosemlt« M:*5r
SjSOr New Orleans Erpre»s— M«ndots,
Fresco, Bakenneld. Loa Angeles, .
Demias. El Faao, New Orleans
and Eaat 7i.V"K
0:OOr Barward, NllesaudSau Joae 7:."i.-» v
f«:O»r ValleJ I I»U3*
UiOiM" Oriental Mall-Ofideo, Chejenne.
Omaha, Chicago 12sS3r
•>OOp Oriental Mall— Ogtfan. Denver.
Si. Lonls. ChimgUL 4US3»~
7iOO r Oceieou au<l Cailf»rui» l5ii>r^iw.H»o-
ruiiii-iitn. Marjifllle. ICaiMtiiR,
l'urtlNiiil, I'tignt Hound sin) I'lasl SiS^A
SiASrSan Pablo, Port Costa. M»rt!ae>
and Wai fSUtloui.... lli*»»
t»tOSP ValM" 7t."V»P
COAST LINE (S»rro» «ia« R e).
(foot of Murlut Street.)
1 4 i45a S«nU Cruz Kxeurslon lo rianU Cnu
aud Principal Way Sutiona t«:O.-,
8 1 1.1 a Nawark.Umiturillle.Han Joae. Frltoii.
- Boulder Creak, a»»l a Ornxa ml W.i»
BUtluua SiSnp
tlilSt Newark, Center tIIIo. 8an .lose, Nsw
Almmlei), Kultnn, llouldnr Orftek,
* "- 8anU Crux »o<l l'rluclpal TVay
Station* l«i.1i»*
4tlSp Newaxk. M«ii J»»e, I«a Galoa t ««¦¦»«*
««;13p 01enwood.BoulderCre«k.3ant»Cnia «*i3i»>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
ma S1I r&lSCISCO— root of Xaxkit Street (SHp 8)—
• 17:16 U.OO 11:001. ¥. 1:03 3:00 B:15r.w.
frtmOilURB— f»«l «r BcMa»«j.— li»:00 (8:00 13:0]
10;00*.m. 13:03 3:03 4:03 r.M.
COAST LINE (Itroail il*t, K t).
Crhlnl and Towngeiitl Sb.)
ttiio* Baa Joaaand Way UtaUona....^.... ai3»«
17:0Oa Hail JoB«»ml Way Stnlinn* > : '»r
/7i«>«a Nan Alinailen /4ilO>
t7t»0A Sunday Escnnion for San Jets.
Bant* Crux. P»ciSo Grote and
Principal Way Stations t*i3Or
BiOOa Han Juae. HoDister. Hunt* t'ru*.
Pitcltic tlrixs, tfailnn, San Ltds
ObUpo, Saota Barbara ami Prla*
dual intermedUte .suitlnns 7t3or
1O:3Oa San Joae and Way BUtlona. Oittor
I lt*OA a»n Jme ami Way MUtlnu »iUor
13: !!>*" San >!atro, Itedwoo<l, Menlo Park.
- Palo Alto, aauta Clara, Han .Inae,
Bolster, SanU Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey ami Pacltlo OroTa tlOi-lSA
StSOp Ban Jme, Tres Finos. Santa Crux,
radflo GroTO and Way «t«tlona - 4:1*V
f4:1Sr San Josa an.UTinoipaJ Way Statlona »i«"ii
43:OOrSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal'
Way Stations 10:«O»
S>3Op San Joae and Principal Way Stallone j »:3«A
SiOOp BedwovL Ban Joan, GHmy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Loa Asgelea...... IOsoSa
«:30r San Joae ami Waydtatloua ff«:Ot»*
flllt45f San Jose and Way Station* ¦ 7>a»y
A for Morning. 1* for Afteruuon.
t flnnday exeeiited. J Sunday only.
• Saturday only. • • Monday. x
« Saturday tal Bnnday. / Tuesdays and Vrldaya.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via. Sausallto Parry. , .
- - Commencing April 28, ¦ 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:55. 8:30. »9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:43, M:43. 3:15^:15, 5:13. »S:15, 6:45 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. S".'?, *9:W. »10:0O. 11:00. 11:»
a. m.. 12:45. »l:30, '^SO. «3:45., 5:00. 6:00.-7:30
p. tn. S 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. ¦ ¦ ,
Trains marked (•) ran to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — »5:25. \6:27, 7:47. 8:35. 10:15
a. ju.. »12:25, 1:15. 2:M. *Sa5. 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:4$ and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. •*:<». 9:45. •11:00 a. m.. 11
m.. 1:00. 2:15. *3:30. 4:30; »5:4S. 6:45. 7:30. 10:»
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILLVALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:53. U:3t
a. m.. 12:35, 1:45. 2:45. .3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
ami Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m., 12:13,
1:20, 2:30, 3:43. 5:C0. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
. 'THROUGH TRAINS. - - .'
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
¦ 3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta>
tlona.
6:15 d. m. week days (Saturdays ezeepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
6 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way station*.
30 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes - and way
stations.' • . .
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street - Ferry Depot.
~ I Ix>cal.|Llm'dnOvrrd| Lccal
I Dally I * [Dally | Dally
Lv. gan Fran 7:50 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:C0 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
•• Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p .
" Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:03 a 10:50 p
"Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:08 a
•• Visalla .. 3:40 p 4:4Sa
" Fakersf'ld 6:13 p 5:20 p 7:30 a -
"Kans. Cy ........ 2:40 a 7:30 a I........
" Chicago .. I. ....... »:15 p 9:COp ]...
a for mornlnjr. p for afternoon. \ ,
* *9:00-a. m. train Is. the California 'Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlntn?
Cars throuch- to Chicago. Chair Car runs
: . to Bakersflsld for accommodation of lo-
cal first-class passensrers. No tecond-class
tickets honored on "this .train. Correspond-
ing: train arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. - % - .- > / . C- -
- 4:20 p. in.' Is Stockton and Fresno local.
' Corresponding - train arrives* at .12:30 p. m.
dally.. ¦ - - v ¦• '"¦ . -
.8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
' through Palace ; and Tourist Sleepers and
Free 1 Recllnlnr ' Chair Cars to Chicago:
. ulso Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at
Fresno. • Correspondlns train 'arrives at
6:55 p. m. dally. ' - ; - , - ¦ •
¦ 7:10 a. ra; » Is . Bakersfleld ' Local, stopping
.at all points In San Joaauln Valley. Car*'
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
- • Of ftces^-641 Market ftreet and ln - F-rry
Depot, San- Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. •
YU SaaMtlM fsrfj— ?an af VarkM St.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
tgavc m*n wham. ' . aiiRivc e»j ma*.
1^2 _-?;•):.... week days < *g;- *
8,-OOA.M.i f 12:15 r.M.
9MA.M. • . 1:15 r.M.
10:00 a. M.I .nnniTC J 3^0 r.M.
1130 A. M. t OV«" A " 4J5OF. K.
130 P. M. I ! 5^0 F.M.
240 r.M. j I 7:10 F. U.
rira. Su PrMdiaa «» 8»ait »a4 Rctara. II «•
ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. ft SansalUo Ferry.
Weafc Men ana Women
SHOULD USE .DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
great Mexican remedy; glve»-- health and
strength to sexual orcana. Depot. 323 Market.
n a r* r* nnini Corner Fourth and
I 11 rr KIllUl -~ r Special Brew.
uHiL ilUiHL steam and Las9r -
yill k IIUIIll*>5c. Overcoats and
valises checked free.
ST/VrEMBNT
. . __OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OP THE ' ,
Frankfort Marine
Accident
And Plate Glass .
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF FRANKFORT-OX-THE-MAIN. GER-
many. on the Slst day of December. A. D.
1900, and for the year ending on that day,
as' made to the Insurance Commissioner of tho
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Codo,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash *312,500 00
__ * »..-': ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company..... $237,698 13
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 83S.3E9 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned, by Company 651.155 7S
Cash ln Company's Office.. 8.126 19
Cash In Banks I 272.0S8 31
Due from Agents and from other
Insurance Companies 567,553 76
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken -
for Fire and Marina Risks " 6,310 S3
Total Assets ........$2,581,324 62
LIABILITIES. ~^=
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense !¦ $251,708 S8
Losses resisted, including ex-
panses -..: V. ..I
Gross premiums on Marine - and 1
Inland Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent ¦ 62,372 23
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks,; $ ; reinsurance 50 per ;
cent ". ......:.. J
Liability under other Branches...... 697.762 60
Pension fund 23.105 02
Allother Liabilities, 806,196 01
Total Liabilities .I... ............. .$1,771,144 76
INCOME. ~~ ~~
Net cash actually received for pre- -
mlums ...'....W $1,451,761 38
Received for' interest and dividends ¦'¦;-/
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and~ from . "
all other sources 43,6.">6 38
Received for transfer fees 21450
.Total Income ...„ ;....... $1,435,632 22
) EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Losses "... $701,863 30
Dividends to Stockholders ,\ 81,250 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage- . ;'........'........ 385,574 07
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 84,900 02
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes «.285 26
All other payments 'and expenditures 47,983 93
Total Expenditures '..: /.'?.... $LJ07.963 64 ,
: CARL HOFF, Vice President, i
' ¦ P. DUMCKE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 13th
day of April, 190L ¦ ¦ ...
RICHARD GUENTHER, Consul General.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
General Managers,
204, 206 and 208 SANSOME STREET,
. ¦ San Francisco, Cal. \ "V--
®VIM f VIGOR, VITALITY^forMEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
1 have been in use ' over « fifty
'•> years by ¦ the ¦ leaders • of • the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively. . cure the
worst cases in old and young
1 arising * from effects of self-
abusc. dissipation, excesses or
. ' clgarette-smoklng.r Cure Lost
-Manhood." ?¦ Impoten^y, * Lost
' '.¦ Power. Night' Losses, Insom-
nia, fains ln Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen. , ¦> >p^ . Varlcocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ne *3 ffj rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects £-,«rpa»- ar • ' Immediate.
Impart : vigor and CCJ¥TS potency to every
function- Don't get despondent: a cure is at
hand. - Restore • small, undeveloped >" onrans.
Stimulate the brain and ¦ nerve centers: 50c a
box ; , G -for $2 60 by mail. - A written guaranteo
to cure or money, refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. * Address BISHOP, RRMEDT.. CO..
40 Ellis St., Ran Francisco, Cal. - GRANT
DRTTG CO.. 38 and 40 Third St. • ¦ ¦ ';
\Al. T, HESSi^ :
' K0TART PUBIIO AND ' ATT0RHBT-AT-LAW.
Tenth ; Floor; Room 1015.' Claus Spreckels ' Bldg. •
- i Telephone Brown 931. ¦ ¦ >¦•><
' Residence; 821 California st., below Powell,
¦ ••- San i Francisco. .- •;
. ££ 1 per Y ear. ;
THE WEEKLY CALL
j^T^s. STRICTLY RELIABLE.
I^'M F N
ONLY!
/VMJWu greater number of
¦V^VT/MV . Pitlents . • seeking , relief
/f/y vs&Szzdl\. «> * or so-called weakness
ILy Ttv&aH \£> , are stronK. robust men ln
fp- \ VL7 // every " other, respect. Our
\V \ W// // theory that Loss of Vital-
\\ \/v-y/ '// ity Prematureness, etc.,
are not weaknesses, but the eymptoms of In-
flammatory processes ln the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) ¦ caused >, by con-
tracted : disorders and early dissipation, is now
being adopted by the leading specialists of tha
world, t Under our local plan of treatment,
directed toward reducing., the enlarged and
swollen Prostate, Immediate results, as Indi-
cated by increased circulation and renewed
strength, are observed. Our colored chart of
the ortrans. which we send free on application.
is interesting to any one wishing to study th*
nnatomy of the male.
DR. lALCOfT & CO., 997 Market St.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAEKT ST. .Established
In 1854 for the treatment of i'rlvnta
Diseases. I-o^t Manbood. Debility or
disnas? wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures "w lien
others ¦ tail. Try him. charges low.
Cnrr* caaranlrrd. Call or write.
Dr. J. F. «IDB1>A. sau Francisco, Cal. _ .
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
AD VERTI SEMENTS.
Monday
MornSng
Special to
S^n Jose,
Del Monte,
Monterey
and
Pacific Grove
anj . \
Southern
California
¦ Leaves . Third and Townsend
streets 8.00 a. m.; first stop San Jose;
Del Monte noon;- special
leaves Monterey Monday evening for
Southern California: Information at
Southern Pacific offices, 613 Market
street, and Mechanics* Pavilion. . .
dally.
1 1 VsV 1.1 Ajl 7 JrwM bPbV^&biIbbb9s^bIi I he* i* I TT^ f* 1 C f 1 C f" * h a MChoice; candles. Townsen«Vs. Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound. In flre-etched boxes or JaD bas
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel buUdinir*
' ¦¦" ¦ ¦ ? » ' ¦ >'
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men bv th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A white object can be seen at a <M*
tance of 17,250 times Its own diameter in
strong sunlight— that is to say, a whit »
disc a foot across can be seen 17,250 feet
away. '
Best Way to the Yosemite.
The Santa Fe to Merced and sta&e thence
via Merced Falls, CoultervUle, Hawl Green
M«rced Bi« Trees. Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving; ' at : Sentinel Hotel at 6 tho
next afternoon. This Is the most popular routs
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at Ml ilar«
ketjtjor. particulars and folder.
The resolution was sent to a' committee and.it
may lie forever lost in; a pigeonhole^ but none the
less it has served the . purpose of showing the Vir
ginians that- there are. snags; in- their way, and- that
to adopt any such suffrage plans as those applied in
North Carolina . and proposed in Alabama would- be
for them a violation of those principles of political
liberty that have made Virginia glorious. The plan
proposed in' Alabama is much better than . that of
North Carolina, and now the Virginians should try
to improve on Alabama. Her restrictions should have
nothing to do with birth, color oi* ancestry.
O'Flaherty is' not a great statesman perhaps, , but he*
has known how to strike/ the right head at -the. right
time.. -¦ '-•• ¦' ; , ¦' ¦ ;..': ¦ "¦ " ' : : ' : . ¦-•¦ " ' -¦;
And we furthermore declare it objectionable, because
it establishes a permanent, hereditary, governing class,
which is undemocratic and contrary to the spirit of a
republican form of government, and because it is im
practicable, of administration, unnecessary; unwise, and
will involve us in an untried realm of political expe
diency. *- ¦-;¦•;. , . .
Eesolved, That it is the sense of this convention
that the adoption of any provision whereby a privilege
is given one citizen over another in the matter of suf
frage by reason of his or her ancestors'" military ser
vice, is class legislation of the most vicious kind,* and in
violation of the principles of the bill of rights as pro
mulgated to the world by Virginians more than a cen
tury ago, wherein they declare that no set of men are
entitled to exclusive privileges, and in violation of both
the letter and spirit of the Constitution of the United
States, which we, as voters, have sworn to defend, as
well as in violation of the principles of equal rights
which are inherent in the bqdy politic, which we repre
sent, and to which we are amenable in the forum of po
litical ethics, and the specific application of» which te?t,
without any exceptions, provisos or alternatives, would
actually disfranchise -some members of .this body. if ap
plied to them. •
VIRGINIA'S constitutional convention has
been in session for more than a month, and has
not yet settled upon the method of dealing
with the suffrage question. It was fondly believed
by some sanguine qptimists that it would be easy to
adopt the "grandfather" plan of North Carolina or
the "old" soldier" plan of Alabama and thus provide
for excluding illiterate negroes from the polls while
admitting illiterate whites. Those fond hopes are in
danger of disappointment. Among the members of
the convention is a Mr. O'Flaherty, whose father was
born in Ireland, and he objects to giving any special
privileges to men whose fathers or grandfathers were
in Virginia, or who took part in any, of the
wars of that State. Mr. O'Flaherty recently sub
mitted to. the convention this resolution:
A SNAG IN VIRGINIA.
Some enterprising man has" suggested to Mr. Car
negie that instead of building any more libraries he
construct a model road suitable for automobiles clear
across the United States. That would surely be a
high way of spending his surplus millions.
DESPITE the fact that public sentiment has
strongly declared" against the reciprocity
treaties now in the hands of the Senate, some
of the supporters of the treaties still cherish a belief
that they will be ratified. Even the declarations
against them made by Senators of" known influence
have not convinced these sanguine opponents of uni
form protection that their case is a hopeless one. A
few Republican as well as the whole number of free
trade papers support the treaties, and of late they have
taken to declaring that the President -will exert his
influence to procure their ratification.
The Baltimore American, after declaring that
"mugwump journals contend that the President will
not take any aggressive steps to secure .the ratifica
tion of the treaties already negotiated," says: "Ever
since Blaine enunciated the principle of reciprocity it
has been accepted as a cardinal Republican doctrine.
William McKinley was one of its earliest and sturdiest
champions before he was elevated to the Presidency.
Since then he has caused the negotiation of a num
ber of. highly important reciprocity treaties. These
were submitted to the last Senate, but because of the
stress of more vital matters were hot considered.
They will come before the next Senate, and it is well
understood to be part of the State Department pro
gramme to secure their ratification. Not only this,
the State Department proposes the negotiation of ad
ditional treaties. These things would not be con
templated by Secretary Hay did not the President
approve."
The ' papery that contend that the President will
not take aggressive steps to procure the ratification
of the treatfes are not "mugwump journals," as our
Baltimore contemporary thinks. They are stanch and
stalwart Republican- papers that stand by the prin T
ciple of protection and are for reciprocity of the kind
expressed in the Republican platform of 1906 in the
words: "We favor the associated policy of reciprocity
so directed as to open our markets on favorable'terms
for what we do not ourselves produce in return for
free foreign markets." As the treaties now before
the Senate' do hot conform to that declaration of re
ciprocity, it is not to be assumed that the President
will use the influence of his office to bring about their
ratification.'
Another paper that relies upon the President to
force the treaties upon the Senate is the Boston Ad
vertiser, which in a recent issue said: '."The time to
make reciprocal trade treaties is. the present, while
nations desire eagerly the benefits of trade with the
United' States. Just now foreign consumers want
what Americans have to sell. When other nations are
able and eager to satisfy the foreign demand, it will
not be so easy as it now is to arrange reciprocal trade
treaties. Yet when that time comes it will be the
very time when the United States will need those
treaties for a. continuance of its own prosperity:
Therefore, .in the name of the American people, it
can be said to President McKinley that this is no time
for a backward step. Let him go, on as he has al
ready begun. .Let him press the issue to the full in
the United States Senate. If. he does not do this he
will disappoint public sentiment. If. he does return
to the fight with vigpr and determination he will have
behind him the almost unanimous approval ."of his
people, North, South; East and, West." .
, is a misleading statement. ' There is no
McKINLEY AND RECIPROCITY.
There is now talk of holding the next Giristian
Endeavor meeting in Calcutta, and some of the
younger members may yet live, to see it meet in Tim
buctoo.
In" San Francisco business is good. The export
trade is particularly brisk, there being an active de
mand for cur farm and orchard products from a vast
area, extending from Nome to Texas and Colorado/
The demand for potatoes for the, West and South
west, on account of the drought, is said to be the
sharpest ever known at this season, while fruit, if
choice and suitable for shipment, is eagerly taken by
shippers to the north. The export demand for gen
eral merchandise is also lively, and the wholesalers
express themselves ss more than satisfied w-ith the
volume of exports. The drought in the West and
Southwest, combined with the demand for goods for
the northern mining regions, is keeping the wholer
salers busy filling orders for all classes of merchan
dise: therefore, as far as we are concerned, it is an
'& wind that blows robody any' good.
The crop outlook on the whole is cheerful. While
the yield of corn and oats will fall short of earlier
expectations there will be no scarcity in either, and
the loss in yield will probably be more than offset by
the increase in price. The only sufferers will be those
farmers in the Southwest whose crops are utter fail
ores, and these are in a minority. Many will have
from a third to half a crop, for which they will get
better prices than they would have for a large yield.
As for wheat, the crop promises to be a bumper,
the most conservative estimates placing it at 700,000,
000 bushels, at least, while corn is expected to yield
about 2,000,000,000 bushels. Prices for corn and oats
fell materially during the early part of the week, in
consequence of the rains, but when, later on, the rain
fall was found to have been light, scattering and in
sufficient, there was a sharp -recovery.
The leading staples are reported in good condition
as a rule. Even iron. and steel continue fairly active,
though if the suspension of labor be prolonged an
accumulation of stock is expected- A much better
feeling in wool has developed of late and the finer
grades are slowly but steadily hardening. The textile
manufactures are also improving in volume of busi
ness. Shipments of boots and shoes from Eastern
'jnarkets, while smaller than of late, exceed those of
the same period last year, and orders are free, with
quick shipment generally called for. The woolen
mills are reported more active than usual at this
time of the year. There is no change in the cotton
situation, while leather is very firm and hides are
steady. ¦ Provisions continue strong, and, high as
prices are, dealers are looking for still further ad
vances every day, supplies being unusually light and
the livestock markets very firm in all sections.
The only gloomy reports were received from the
corn belt of the West and Southwest, where the pro
longed drought has cut down the yield of corn and
oats. Other sections sent" cheerful reports, those
from the South Atlantic, Central West and North
west showing an improvement over those of the pre
ceding week in the matter of crop prospects and the
volume of distributive trade. While the great steel
strike has caused the greatest suspension of labor in
some years the number of men out is less than an
ticipated, and thus far the retail and jobbing trades
have not reflected any serious falling off in conse
quence.
THE weather in the West and labor strikes in
the East conspired to check business last week,
but the volume of trade showed an increase of
64.1 per cent over the. same week last year, accord
ing to the bank clearings, all cities of importance,
except Minneapolis, St. Paul and New Orleans, show
ing a gain. The largest cities exhibited marked
gains, New York rising to 93-3 per cent, though much
of the latter was undoubtedly due to stock specula
tion. The failures for the week were 208, against
202 last year.
TRADE REPORTS STILL CHEERFUL
a recent arrival at the Lick.
* Charles B. Bell, a mining man of Reno,
Nev., is located at the Grand.
. G. W. Beecher, a mining man of Klng
man, Ariz., is staying at the Grand.
A. C. Morrison, a mine owner of James
town, is registered at the Grand with bis
wife.
Maurice Schmidt returned yesterday
from an extended Eastern trip and regis
tered at. the Palace.
L. Grothwell, a real estate dealer, Is
paying his monthly visit to this city and
is registered at the California.
R. Kaff enberg," a merchant of Rampart,
Alaska, and owner of a number of claims
in that country, is registered at the
Palace.
William A. Spencer, corresponding sec
retary of the Board of Church Extension
of the M. E. Church, is registered at the
Occidental from Philadelphia.
Stockton and Sacramento streets. For
want of pupils and a lack of interest
among the Chinese to appreciate the
benefits of free school instruction it was
suspended in June, 1860, as a day school,
but it was continued as an evening school
until February, 1871, when it was discon
tinued."
SOLDIER'S NATURALIZATION — I.
K... City. , Any alien of the age of 21
years and upward who ha3 been in the
armies of the United States and has been
honorably discharged therefrom may be
come a citizen on his petition without
any previous declaration of Intention,
provided that he has resided in the
United States at least one year previous
to his application, and is of good moral
character. It has been judicially decided
that residence of one year in a particular
State is not requisite,
GETTING INTO A SCRAPE— W. P.,
Leadville, Colo. "The Book. of Days"
(1863), gives the following as the origin of
the common expression,, "getting into a
scrape": \ '
"Thereis a game called golf, almost pe
culiar to Scotland, though also frequently
played upon Blackheath. lnvolving / the use
of a small elastic ball, which is driven
from point to point with/ a variety of
wopden^and Iron clubs. In the north it
is played for the most" part upon downs
near the sea. - One of the troubles-of the
golf players is the little hole which the
rabbit makes in the sward in Its first ef
forts at a burrow; this is commonly called
'a rabbit's scrape.'. When a ball gets into
a 'scrape' it can hardly be played. The
rules of golfing societies include one in
dicating what Is allowable to j the player
when he; gets -into- a 'scrape.* v Here, and
here alone, has the phrase a direct and In
telligible meaning. It /seems therefore
allowable to surmise .that this" phrase
originated among the golfing societies of
the '.north/ and In time spread to the rest
of the public.";. . ;^ •
/ Another version, dating back to 1803,
says that deer" in rutting season dig up the
land, with their forefeet to the depth of
half' a" foot "and sometimes half a yard.
These are called scrapes, and as a writer
of those times has it,' "Woe be to any
who get Into it. for, many have got Into
a scrape and been Injured," hence the ap
plication of /"he ; has got into a scrape"
to .one - who has got into trouble which
may, result seriously to him.
' SUMMER RATES at . Hotel del . Coronado,
Coronado " Beach. Cal.. effective alter April . 15,
$60 for round trip, : ladudin* , 15 days at hotel
¦Pacific Coaat S. S. Co., 4 Niw Montgomery it.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. Wray of Queensland is a guest at
the California.
Dr. Albert Salz of Prague is a late ar
rival at the Palace.
H. Lindsey, a fruit raiser of Fresno, is
VISITORS— Inquirer, City. The largest
number of paying visitors at the Chicago
Exposition on any one day was 700,000; at
the recent Paris Exposition, 600,000.
STAMP LANGUAGE— Constant Reader,
City. For a full account of the language
of stamps see Answers to Correspondents,
April 30, 1901.
COLD SORE— Florence, City. There are
a number of preparations to be obtained
from druggists to cure cold sores. If such
do not produce the desired effect, consult
a physician.
CITY OF BALTIMORE— G. M. W.,
Yerba Buena Island, Cal. The population
of the city of Baltimore, Md., according
, to the census of 1890, was 508,957. The
Mayor of that city on the 1st of January
of the current. year estimated the popu
lation at 510,000.-
HALF OF 183&-P. V., City. No pre
mium is offered by coin collectors for a
half dollar of .1836 .that bears the motto
','E Pluribus Unum" and is lettered on
edge. Some collectors offer $1 to $2 for a
half of that'date that has not the letters
or motto. ¦ . . . * . ' :
.CAMERAS— E. B. CD., City. 'The use
of cameras is prohibited upon the military
reservations of San Francisco without
written permission, but this department
does not know of any "picnic grounds
within reach of San Francisco" where
there is such a prohibition.
. COMPARISONS— W. P:, Leadvllle, Colo.
"Comparisons are odorous". Is to be found
in Shakespeare, "Much Ado About-Noth
ing,'- act "ill, scene v. Putnam In his
"Handy Book of Quotation?" gives the
words, "Comparisons are odious," and at-'
tributes them to Herbert's "Jacula-Pru
"dentum." ' *. • . ' .
SCHbOLS ; FOR COLORED CHIL
DREN— E. W., City. The first ex
clusively for colored children in San
Frar.cisco was opened May 22, 1854, in the
basement of the church for colored people
at the corner of Virginia place and Jack
son street. ; Schools for colored children
were abolished by the Board of Education
August 3, 1375:
CUTTING TIMBER— S., Oak Bar, Cal.
A citizen of the United States is not per
mitted to cut timber" on agricultural land
belonging to the Government for his own
use _thkt is to say, improving a farm— but
he may cut. timber for timbering his mine
or for,, furnaces, providing he cuts the
same 'on the^ section that the mine is in.
SCHOOL LAND— J. F. B., City. ' ' This
correspondent asks: "If a party bought
school land ( in California, paid for it and
had a patent for the same, could any one
who might discover oil on such land take
possession of it without compensating the
owner of the land for. .the- same?" The
answer is no^; Minerals and the like go
to the owner of the, land when discovery,
is made after, patent. ' .;' , ' ;.. '.'
.STATES AND G. ;. H.
H., City.. The following are classified In the
census report of 1*900 as the North. Central
States: Indiana," Illinois, Michigan/ Wis
consin, I Minnesota. Iowa, j Missouri, j North
Dakota, * South . Dakota, Nebraska and
Kansas." The following are classified .'as
the : v South Central States: , -Kentucky,
Tennessee; Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi
ana, Texas and Arkansas. The Territories
"are: Alaska, Arizona, , District of Colum
bia, Hawaii, Indian Territory, New Mex
ico and Oklahoma. ., •
¦\ CHINESE SCHOLARS— E. W., City.
James Denman In a review, of i the public
schools of San " Francisco says about :' the
first school for pupils of the Chinese race:
i'The" Chinese' school ; was ; first J organized
in ', September, • 1859, : by B.- Lanctot * in " the
basement of the Chinese chapel, corner of
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Her Mother— How are his table man
ners?
Ethel— His table manners are all right,
but his telephone manners are simply aw
ful.—Judge.
First Church Member— I would weed
every heretic out of the church.
Second Church Member— Oh, I I think
you are too radical. Why, some of the
best church members I know are heretics.
— Life.
She— You say girls are always In a
hurry to get married.
He— Yes; that's precisely what I say.
"And yet you claim they are always
late when it comes to the wedding."—
Yonkers Statesman.
Father— Young man. when I tell you a
thing I want you to understand that I
mean it. ¦
Georgie— Fergive me, paw, I wuz think
in' about sum things you tell ma sum
times. — Ohio State Journal.
"A sailor going to sea, his wife desires
the prayers of the congregation for his
safety." Such was the message as given,
to the parson. 9lt was read out In the
church like this: "A sailor going to see
his wife, desires the prayers of the con
gregation for his safety."— Toronto Mail.
No Reason Apparent: Mrs. FlJjlt—
Why doesn't Mrs. Smithers come to our
house any more?
Mr. Fijjit— I can't imagine: I'm sure I
alwars tried to entertain him . by the
smart things our baby does, too.— Ohio
State Journal.
Reason Enough: Bilklns— Why are
you so excited over the prospect of an
international yacht race? You don't
know a catboat from a cutter.
Wilklns— No; but I have a nautical
friend who always tells me which way to
bet.— New York Weekly.
Towne— Poor Peck suffers a good deal
on account of dyspepsia.
Browne— Xonsensel I see him nearly
every day at his office, and he—
Towne— Oh! he only suffers when he'«
at home. It's his wife who has the dys
pepsia.—Chicago News.
"I am afraid you don't understand th«
value of a dollar," said the very rich man
to his son. '. -; '
"Perhaps not," answered the young
man. "In this age of billionaires one dol
lar is an important but obscure consider
ation. It is like the atom or the mole
cule — very Interesting for purposes of
scientific research but very unsatisfactory
as a practical proposition."— Baltimore
American.
DURING my last visit to Constantinople I had the oppor- ,
tunity pf making a close study of the Sultan's work
shops, writes one of - the London Globe . contributors.
They are situated on the right hand of the entrance to
the Yildiz Kiosk, and consist of a mechanical workshop
with a foundry, joiner's shop, wood carving and carpentry
shops, and designing and modeling room, which give 'employ
ment to from fifty to sixty workmen. The work turned out in
these workshops is exclusively for the Imperial Palace, and
in. them are made the costly presents which • the Sultan is so
fond of sending to foreign princes. It Is said that "the Ruler
of the Faithful" often lends a hand in some special piece of
work, but that Is not quite 'true; the most that the Sultan does
is to improve a design which has been made according to his
suggestions, and laid before him by the director of the work
shops. The latter Is no lets a person than the general of a
division, and he presents a very imposing figure with his face
full of energy and his long white beard; With a kindly smile
from his blue eyes his excellency received me with great
courtesy and personally conducted me in my walk through the
workshops. His thoroughly friendly reception, his blue eyes,
and especially his absolutely perfect French accent made me
doubt his nationality In spite of his Turkish name; however,
I ventured to pay him a discreet compliment upon his perfect
French, and the Pasha confessed to me with a smile that he
was not a Turk but a Belgian. He told me that he had been a
captain in the Belgian army, and that shortly before the out
break of the Russo-Turkish war he had left the Belgian service
and entered that of Turkey. He made rapid advance in his
new. home, distinguished' himself in several battles, and finally
was appointed a general of division and director of the Sul
tan's workshops. Highly esteemed by the Sultan on account
of his services to Turkey, the Pasha is. looked on askance by
his former countrymen, for they cannot forgive him for having
embraced the Mohammedan faith with all the fervor of a per
vert.
I could scarcely restrain my surprise when my guide drew
attention to the various workmen engaged in the imperial
workshops, for they turned out to be, in many cases, higher
officers of the Turkish army on active service. Here was a
colonel of infantry energetically planing a window frame for
one of the rooms in the harem. At a little distance was a
riding master busily occupied with a piece of raw Iron on a
turning bench, while in the smithy a commander of a detach
ment was working away and turning out iron stakes for use
in the park. The other workmen are, for the most part, sol
diers. The Turkish workman is uncommonly clever, and 13
especially conspicuous by the astonishing readinasa which ha
displays in imitating strange work. Thus, I wf.s shown an
imitation of a German orchestrion, and the original could
scarcely be distinguished from the copy. In the goldsmith'3
art the Turks are extremely adroit, and most of the Turkish
orders are made in the Sultan's workshops. The objects
destined to be cent to foreign potentates are generally cabinet
work. Such pieces of furniture, which are often the work of
many years; are inlaid most artistically with ivory, mothor-of
pearl, ebony and precious metals, and they are thus of great
value. In additipn to these workshops the Sultan possesses a
porcelain manufactory, which is managed by a French expert,
and turns out very sterling examples of the potter's art.
They Are Close "to" the Imperial Palaee, and Their Director Was Once a
~ Captain in the Belgian Army.
Three battleships, each of 11,800 tons, one armored cruiser of
8868 tons and three gunboats of 894 tons are building at the threa
navy yards of Germany.
The controversy is an ugly one, and for 'a long
time it has seemed to be impossible of peaceful solu
tion; but now that all the parties are to be brought
together, it may be that the influence of the congress
as a whole will have the effect of bringing them to
agree upon some basis of settlement. It is at any
rate gratifying to know that the congress is to be
fully representative of all American states. . To have
accomplished that much is to have made a long step
toward. achieving all the promoters of the movement
hoped for. . •*
It is quite, likely the point of chief discussion will
be that of deciding whether arbitration is to be con
fined to future disputes or whether it is to apply to
disputes now existing. % Chile would have no objec
tion to the former alternative, as her only fight is
to keep hold on the provinces of Peru which she has
now in her possession. On the other hand Peru and
her ally, Bolivia, and possibly several other South
American states, \vill demand that the agreement for
arbitration shall be made retroactive.
What compromise has been agreed upon ¦ by the
contending parties does not appear, but it is certain
arbitration has not' been omitted! In fact it stands
first on the official tentative programme, which, as
announced from Washington, provides for*:the con
sideration of the following subjects: First, arbitra
tion; se'eond, international court of claims; third,
measures for, the protection of industry and com
merce, development of the means of communication
among the countries composing the union; and fourth,
reorganization of the international bureau of Ameri
can republics. . ; •
It will be . remembered that Chile interposed ob
jections to the programme because it provided for
the establishment of an international tribunal to arbi
trate all disputes among American countries. Her
objections were due to the fact that she holds certain
territories which are claimed by Peru, and as the
Chilean "claims are hot good, her statesmen feared to
submit' them to the decision of an / impartial tribunal.
As the establishment of a system of arbitration Is one
of the chief purposes for which the congress has been
called, the objection of/ Chile was formidable. More
over ii was not possible to'waive the point, for Peru,
Bolivia and Ecuador -intimated that if >the dispute
over the territories in question were not to .be sub
mitted to arbitration .they would have nothing to do
with the congress. K
FROM Washington , comes^ the report that there
is no longer any uneasiness in official circles
there concerning the success of the approaching
Pan-American; Congress which has been called to
meet in the Ci^y of Mexico next October. It seems
that Chile has withdrawn her objections to the pro
gramme of, work outlined ior the congress, and it is
now assured that every American state, large or
small, i will- be represented at the gathering. ¦
THE PAN- AMERICAN CONGRESS.
As several American- millionaires are said to be
planning the construction of American hotels in Lon
don, it looks as if we had virtually captured the city
and are going to equip it with all the comforts of
home. ."
.•».¦•'¦ ¦¦ . . ¦"¦¦-.•
TURKEY'S SULTAN HAS HIS OWN WORKSHOPS WHERE
COSTLY PRESENTS FOR FOREIGN PRINCES ARE MADE
CONFLICTING reports of accidents to torpedo boats in
the Japanese navy are. quite numerous of late. The A *£~
bono was struck by a cruiser and three men. killed by
escaping steam on the smaller craft. During the recent
naval maneuvers off Tsushima collisions occurred be
tween three second-class torpedo boats, Nos. 40, 42 and_ «,
three others, Nos. 9, 11 and 12, had a similar experience, in whicn
No. 9 was sunk and t three lives were lost. The naval authorities
do not deny the occurrences.^but make light of the affairs and
claim that there has been no loss of life.
''-¦' :¦:•--; - ' • \ \ • '¦
:' The British iron floating battery Terror, built in 1856, served
as a receiving ship at Bermuda from 1857 to quite recently. The
vessel is to be broken up. She was one of eight screw floating
batteries built during the Crimean -war of 300 tons, 200 horse
power and a speed of 4 knots. i -.
The French naval appropriation for 1901-1902 is $62 ,420,000, -an
actual increase of $2,300,000 over the preceding. .. Of this sum
$24,365,000 is for naval construction, including $18,070,000 for lay
ing, down new ships. Of the large vessels to be begun there
are four -battleships and two armored cruisers, intended to : be
completed In 1906. . . >•
¦• > ?¦'.¦. ¦.•••¦*•.-,¦,
Fifteen torpedo-boat destroyers were completed for. the Brit-,
ish navy during, 1900.' Theyvaried in size,, from 306, tons to 360
tons,/ and although fourteen, were calculated to -make i 30
knots, six; fell short of this speed; notably, the Zephyr, which
reached only 27.171 ¦¦ knots. 7 The Albatross, Intended to steam -32
knots, averaged 31.552 knots. • ... " -¦¦
¦ ¦ - : ' ; ¦ ¦ v ¦ ¦¦:«¦¦/• ";-, .:- • .' '. ¦• '
The fire on Galley's Island,' St. Petersburg, on' June 13 last,
was undoubtedly of incendiary origin, as the flames broke out
at several points at the same -time. The dkVnage is estimated
at $7,500,000, including $500,000 for the cruiser Vitiaz, which was
destroyed on the stocks, and of which the only trace remaining
is a molten mass of 700 tons of Bteel. . * .
i p ¦.-'•¦ '.- ' . ¦ ' ? '¦-"¦•. ¦¦¦•¦• x -
King Edward has added another order, to the many already
existing.^ It is a naval order. The decoration consists of a silver
cross, the obverse side having in its center the King's imperial
cypher— E. R. I.— surmounted by l the imperial crown,. The re
verse side is plain. It .will be given to persons in the navy who
have distinguished' themselves, and- is named "Conspicuous
Service Cross."-: ' ' - .v'^ ' , -V; :: . :.~:.z\
'"'¦'¦¦¦.•¦¦ .'¦ •¦..:.'• . ¦: - : ' •¦' " "-¦ ¦ • '- .. ¦¦ -
The retired pay of the bulk of the army and navy officers in
Great Britain is entirely inadequate to decently support, them,
and, as a consequence, those. who are physically and' mentally
capable to serve in other capacities obtain various employments
under the Government or in civil life. Those who have'.influ
ence become prison governors, chief ; constables, Consuls, .in
spectors, etc., while th& less fortunate. get positions as writers
and temp'orary clerks at Woolwich and the admiralty. Among
INTERESMNGi NOTES OF NAVIES
OF GREAT POWERS OF THE WORLD
the occupations of retired officers in civil life is one who is a
sub-postmaster in a small Irish" town, and another is bursar at
an Irish college. It appears that under the superannuation act
the total. emoluments from all sources, not exceeding $2000 a
year, are allowed without any drawbacks, but if this sum total
Is exceeded a deduction of 10 per cent is made. ¦¦ As for tne
widows of naval officers, the pensions vary from $oOO ror nag
officers* wives down to $100 a year for those of warrant officers.
* • • ;
The Hongkong dock yard is to be transferred to the foreshore
at the present torpedo depot at Tsimhatsui. Reclamation will
be made outward in a westerly direction and northward beyond
the Briquette factory, necessitating filling up of the basjn ly ng
between the depot and the factory. Fifteen years ago this plan
was proposed by Admiral Morant. who foresaw the inadequate
space of this, the most Important British naval station in tn«
Far East. "Work on the new dock and other improvements un
dertaken during the past few years is, therefore, a waste of a
large sum of money.
The United States Navy Department is said to be in need of
more naval constructors, the present number of forty-two, it is
alleged, being inadequate, owing to the large number of vessel*
under contract which require inspection and supervision. Th<»
great amount of repair work being done at the navy yards ia
given as a further reason for recommending an increase from
forty-two to sixty/ The total number of naval constructors ia
the German navy is forty-eight, and. as will b» *5ey> In tho
appended table, all of these officers are utilized to Uw nary
yards, the naval policy of Germany being to build some of It3
ships in the dock yards, whereas none are under construction in
our navy yards: .
such thing as a unanimous approval 5 of the reciprocity
treaties "North, South, East and West." On the
contrary, 'there has been a widespread and- vigorous
protest against them from "every section of the coun
try. President ¦ ; . McKinley stands for reciprocity
firmly enough, but it is Republican reciprocity and
not the kind which implies the sacrifice of the indus
tries of one section of the country for the sake. of
benefiting those of another, and consequently those
who are expecting^ him to "fight with /vigor'' for the
Kasson treaties are likely to be disappointed.
Under these every stanch and true
Republican should make it a part of his work in these
days to attend to his political duties. Those who
are not registered should register at once. Those
who have not allied themselves with" the genuine Re
publican clubs organized by the Primary League for
the purpose of bringing out a full vote at the pri
maries and maintaining honest elections should enroll
themselves without further delay. Moreover each
one should canvass the situation with his friends so
that his influence as well as his vote will be on the
side of good government. Let it be shown in the
primaries that the bosses do not rule the party, and
then the people will intrust the party with the gov
ernment of the city.
The issue is then one of the highest importance.
San Francisco despite its great advantages lags in its
career because of a lack of efficiency and fidelity in
its municipal government. Such a government as
Kelly would put into power would be in the nature
of a public calamity. Every consideration of self
interest as well as of civic patriotism therefore urges
the genuine Republicans of the city to work earnestly
and vigorously for the elimination of the bosses
from the party. It is clear that the Republicans of
San Francisco cannot assure the people of their abil
ity to provide the city with a government free from
boss rule until they have first freed their party.
It is to be borne in mind that Kelly and his crowd
are not in politics for the good of the Republican
party or for the welfare of the city. They are making
a fight' for the spoils of office and for such jobbery
as they would be able to carry through should they
succeed in putting their men in power. The whole
issue of honest municipal administration turns, there
fore, upon the defeat of the schemes which Kelly,
Herrin, Gage and Lynch have devised for their own
profit.
The meit brought from various parts of the State
to bolster up Kelly's waning power in this city,.have
now done their worst and their, best. There is
nothing more they can do. It remains to be seen
whether. Kelly, with the aid, of the Federal and State
patronage, can bring into Republican primaries
enough heelers and toughs from the slums or the
Democratic camp to carry any considerable number
of the election districts. That he and his allies will
exert their utmost energies to' that end is beyond
question. Nothing, however, that they can do will
avail anything if the better elements of the party are
resolute to combat them. • . •'
THE DUTY OF REPUBLICANS.
t- "v Y the action of the State Central Committee
r"S on Saturday there- has been presented to the
¦*— ' Republicans of San Francisco the plain issue
of choosing between independence or boss domina
tion. The action was not - unexpected. Perceiving
that they had no support in the city other than that
derived from the push of the dives, the bosBes sought
aid elsewhere. Through Gage and Herrin they man
aged to find it in the State Committee. .They careful
ly prepared their programme before appealing to the
committee, and when that body met the decision was
already typewritten and in the pocket of one of the
gang ready to be produced. There was no conceal
ment of the prejudgment nor any pretense at con
cealment. It was a thoroughly Kelly programme
from start to finish — bold, impudent and brazen.
THTC SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY^ ,22, 1901.
monday .T7T: :. .^^l^^^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Cosmnniwtions t« W. »• LEAKE. Xtnigtr.
Jtl .iSACER'8 OFFICE Telephone Press 2O4
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL nOOUS 21T to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2. .
Delivered by Carrier., 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies, K Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including: Postage *
DXTL.Y CALL Cndudlnr Sunday), one year.. *«•<*
DAILY CALL (tncludtnr Sunday). < months ••••• ••""
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 1 months • •• *-™
DAILT CALL-By Eln«:le Month... *"
SXJKDAT CALL. One Tear *'
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear • .-
All postmaster* nre authorised to receive
subscriptions.
mm^ftm copies -«rin be forwarded when requested.
Mail ¦Bbeertben In orderla* change of address should be
particular to bItb both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to tour* a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
O AKLA3TO OFFICE: 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KH.OGKESS.
Itum fertlga Adrertislag. Mirqcett* Building. Chicago.
CUxns Distance Telephone "Central SSU.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CABI/TOX Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENT ATI v jc :
VTEFHEIT B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnildins
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Wtldort-Artorii, Hotel; A. Brentano, n Unlou Square:
ICnrrsy Hin HoteL ..
BBJUfCBC OFFICES— *27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »M o'clock. «00 Hayes, open until 9:50 o'clock. 633
HcAlllster. open tmtll 8:80 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
»M o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
earner Btxteenth. open until » o'clock. lf*6 Valencia, open
until t o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
800 Finmore. open until • p. m.
A: Chicago woman attended a spiritualistic seance
the other day ayd s punched a » "spirit" who had the
temerity to kiss her. . It ¦ is hardly. : necessary to say
that -.tHe; lady had. reached the- conservative age of "50.
'¦.'¦'. v' '¦!• • • '¦' ¦ ' . * — : — rr. .'¦' ('•¦'
According to Ohio, Mr. Bryan ought to be : no
longer, among '. the living; and according-to Mr.'
Bryan,; Ohio ou*ght , to have, no; place "on the'map. . '• .
6
GERMANY.
2 >
9% 91
3 S5
! it
- P
r
UNITED STATES.
5S >•
P if
.! _l
Admiralty 4 3 Bureau % 1
Wlffi£&«T; 4 12 Njw.Tork 1 3>
Naval- Academy •- 1 Six other navy yards « 3
Na"va" School "I!:::.*....:.. .. j Board of Inspection 1 ..
At gea .. 2 Other duty 1
Inspectors "torpedo ¦work- •- 2 Inspectors contract work. 5 10
At school 3
Totals 12 36 Totals 19 22
GERMANY.
2 >
9% 91
3 S5
! it
- P
r
UNITED STATES.
5S >•
P if
.! _l
Admiralty 4 3 Bureau % 1
Wlffi£&«T; 4 12 Njw.Tork 1 3>
Naval- Academy •- 1 Six other navy yards « 3
Na"va" School "I!:::.*....:.. .. j Board of Inspection 1 ..
At gea .. 2 Other duty 1
Inspectors "torpedo ¦work- •- 2 Inspectors contract work. 5 10
At school 3
Totals 12 36 Totals 19 22
By Wn. G. Lavng— Tuesday. July 23, Horses, at 721 How-
By Union Et.Tckyaro> Company— Monday, July 29. at 10
o'clock. Packing -house Machinery, at Rodeo. Cal.
AUCTION SAXES.
AjanJSEMENTS.
, Tlvcll— "I** Toy Maker."
Orphetxm— Vanflevllle.
Colnmbl*— "Oarrett CMsih."
Alcazar — "Tie Country Girl." i
Greed Opera,-house— "Paul Kavar."
Central-'Trllby."
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chute*. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eveRlar. ' .
Fischer* e— Vaudeville.
Sutro B&thB— Swimming.
Call subscribers contemplating » change of
residence dnrl^K tbe summer months can ha-Ta
their paper forwarded by mall to tnelr new
addresses by notifying: The Call Business Office.
This p«i>cr Trill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and 4s represented by » local asent la
ail tOTrua on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.Charity Martin, G. S. Wanrell, Pietro
Buzzl, James J. Mackey, Clinton Mont
gomery, the Kelcey Sisters, Baby Ruth.
Miss Alice Wren. Clarence Lyndon and
The headllners of this week's bill at the
Orpheum are Stanton and Modena. com
edy star?, presenting Mr.»Stanton's bright
comedy "For Reform," and Amlta, the
famous spectacular dancer. Another im
portant engagement Is that of Will. H.
Murphy and Blanche Nleholls, who pre
sent the hilarious skit "The Bifurcated
Girl," and the three Brooklyns,- musical
eccentricities from the Alhambra, London,
making their first' appearnce here. Ed F.
Revnard, ventriloquist. Is also new. and
the Chevalier Scognamillo. Damm broth
ers and Charles Leonard Fletcher are
among the hold-overs.
"Meflstofele," Giordano's "Fedora" and
"Andrea Chenier."
TWO STARS WHO ARE AP
PEARING AT THE TIVOLI
AND ORPHEUM.
The members of the j Hackmen's Union
will enjoy, their first : annual picnic , next
Wednesday ; at ' Shell ' Mound • Park and - a
merry time will be had by; all « who par
ticipate. TA: number, of gate prizes will be
offered and winners of the various games
will , be suitably > rewarded.-- On : account of
the picnic the hackmen announce that
they will be unable to accept any engage
ments for : funeral parties 1 on the " day of
the outing. • f ' . ,' '¦. ; . ¦
Hacknien to Enjoy a Picnic.
. 60-yard race— C. Augustus first, c Schultz
second; under-water swlmminp— C. .Wright
first. B." Rush second; tub rape — L. Daudln
first, J. : Sunburst second. J. Terry third; 100
yard race— C. Shults first, > J. Eraamy second;
springboard dlvlngr— A. Sunbursr first prize. C.
Carroll .second prize: hleh divinir— C. Schultz
first prize, C. McCarthy second prize. _
It was cold and windy at the park and
cliff jyesterdajy. but . still many, of .the
Eastern visitors passed the ' day viewing
the attractions. ¦ No accidents . were re
ported to " the police. Unusually large
crowds assembled' at , the . Chutes, and
Sutro Baths and enjoyed the various fea
tures. The results of the contests at
Sutro. Baths follow: . -
Visitors at Park and Cliff.
The steamer Carlisle City was released
from quarantine yesterday. The vessel
arrived at San Diego over a month ago
and the captain reported that several of
his crew had died from the plague. She
was kept in quarantine ; there for seven
teen days and then came on to San Fran
cisco. /She has been-held here ten days,
and during that time; all her cargo was
discharged into lighters. She was fumi
gated Saturday and released ; yesterday
morning. ' »
The steamship M. S. Dollar, built In the
East for the M. S. Dollar Steamship Com
pany, has been sold to the J. S. Cuffy
Petroleum Company of PIttsburg and will
be turned into an oil boat. '
The new steamer Arctic sailed on her
maiden voyage last Saturday. She goes
to Seattle to pick up some freight and
passengers, thence direct to Nome. The
Arctic is owned by John S. Klmball.
There were fifteen arrivals up to 5 p. m.
yesterday. Nearly all of them were coast
ers, the only deep , water being the bark
Amy Turner, eighteen days from Hilo,
and the schooner, Dora Bluhm, 'from
Hanamaula. H. I.
Water Front Notes.
A. Hockheimer of Willows said he
thought . charter charges would be re
duced. Tramp steamers would force down
the price. ,
- "It comes to this," said R. J. Trumble.
"If the present rates continue no more
wheat will be raised. Farmers will no
longer farm." " . •' . '
. "I was much startled," Sproule said at
last, "to learn that grain rates had not
been reduced in the last fifteen years.
When I bring this to your consideration
you will remember that grain rates have
been reduced several times in the Sacra
mento Valley. The rate has been reduced
•from $3 50 to $2 60 from Tehama. From
Corning the rate was $3 30 and we
dropped it to $2 60. All points in the Sac
ramento Valley shared irr that. The re
duction from Willows was from $2 50 to
$2 40. We made that because • of river
competition. , The Southern Pacific is not
interested in the excessive charges made
at Port Costa. The men there have struck
for 40 per cent increase In wages and have
refused an increase of 25 per ., cent. I
simply say this to show ¦ our farmer
friends that if we can reduce our unload
ing charg«s at Port. Costa we will do so.
In 1894 the charter rate was 20 shillings;
to-day It is 40 shillings. It seems to me
that as our rates go down charter rates
go up. If the wars In China, the Philip
pines and South Africa were ended ships
would be released and charters would
drop. We believe that the present rate
is as low as we can possibly make it. If
we carried wheat free to Port Costa
charter rates would be raised, and we
cannot see that the railroad Is respon
sible for the. present conditions."
Says Bates Were Reduced.
"If the low prices for wheat hold, thou
sands of acres will go back to grazing,"
Beekman said.
"What are the factors that have
brought about that condition?" asked
Sproule.
"There are several." Briggs replied.
"We have reduced rents and the interest
rate. The land-owner and the money-lender
are trying to get together. It is true that
the yield has increased with putting water
on the land, but the farmer has to pay
for water. Every man in the nation is
protected except the farmer. The farmer
has to pay more for his implements than
he did years ago. He has to pay 40 shill
ings on wheat to London, and Is getting
less for wheat than v he did twenty years
ago. Your people can well afford to look
into this matter, for I will tell you frank
ly that if present conditions continue there
will be only one farmer in the San
Joaquin Valley where there were once
three. On our 30,000-acre tract we have
not one farmer who -would not throw up
farming if he could do it.' -
William Beekman of Sacramento said
that much land in his county that had
once been in wheat was now in weeds.
The same could be" said of lands in Yolo
and Glenn. • • - .
Sproule Asks a Question.
There was some further discussion and
then, at the suggestion of W. S. Green, it
was agreed to ask the railroad people for
a flat reduction of 25 per cent. The gen
tlemen present then opened their batteries
on Sproule, all endeavoring to show that
the present charges were exorbitant and
that the reduction asked for was reason
able. A. R. Briggs of Fresno said:
"I handle 30,000 acres in my county that
is good grain land, well watered and with
rich soil, but each year hundreds of acres
is taken out of grain. In the last three
years wheat has steadily run the farmers
into debt."
"The railroad charges us the same rate
for. hauling our wheat now that it did
fifteen > years ago, when wheat was worth
$1 50. Wheat has come down, but the
freight rates are the same. We want to
ask the railroad to do something for the
State, and not to kill the wheat industry.
We 'bought land at exorbitant prices in
Sacramento and Glenn counties, and now
we are paying 15 cents for putting wheat
on the cars, 10 cents for unloading It and
8 cents for running it on the scales. The
tariff of $2 40 a ton is simply ruinous. Un
less there is a reduction we will all have
to go out of business, and the offered re
('.uctlon of 10 cents a ton is an absurdity."
These words, spoken by William
Sproule, .freight traffic manager of the
Southern Pacific, .were the net result o*
a conference called at the Board of Trade
rooms Saturday morning by the Sacra
mento Valley Development Association.
There were present at the meeting mer
chants, farmers and bankers, interested
in the present condition of the farming
Industry in the Sacramento and San Joa
quin valleys, and Mr. Sproule. The wheat
growers asked for a flat reduction of 26
per cent in the rates charged by the rail
road company for carrying wheat from
all points in the valleys to. tide water at
Port Costa. It was said by men present
who knew what they were talking about
that, owjng to the present rates on wheat,
farms in Glenn and Colusa counties were
being abandoned, and those farmers who
staid by their wheat land were much
closer to starvation than was at all pleas
ant. The principal grievance against the
railroad company was the charge made
for loading, unloading and weighing. It
was claimed that the company charges
growers at Willows 15 cents for loading
wheat on the cars, 10 cents for unloading
it and 8 cents for ' weighing. This is by
the ton, and the charges. were deemed ex
orbitant. .
The meeting was presided over by W.
P. Green, president of the Sacramento De
velopment Association. P. R. Garnett of
Willows, in speaking of the situation,
said:
"We believe that the present rate is as
low as we can possibly make It. "We can
not see that the railroad is responsible for
the present condition." \
doned Fanns.
Says Southern Pacific Is Not
Responsible for Aban-
Mr. Sproule Declines to
: Lower Rates oh
Wheat.
WHEAT GROWERS
GIVEN NO HELP
The same firm also reports that , it is
meeting with considerable success in lots
in blocks fronting Golden Gate Park on
the H street electric car line and opposite
the Nineteenth avenue park entrance. .
It reports that In block 655, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth avenues, forty
flve lots found ready purchasers and that
about half . of the subdivisions in | block
654 between Nineteenth 'and.: ; . Twentieth
avenues have been disposed of . -
Block 656, located between.^H and. I
Lot and Improvements on the east side • of
Jone« street, north of Sutter, 33 by 60. $8000;
lot and Improvements on the east side of Ver
mont street, north of Marlposa. 25 by 100. $2000;
lot on the- north side of Waller street west of
Central avenue, 25 by 137:6. $2500; lot ¦ on the
west side of Ninth avenue, north of K street.
23 by 120 $750" lot and Improvements on the
north side of Hayes street east of FHlmore,
27 6 by 1S7 6 $7500; lot and Improvements on
the north/side of Grove street, west of Gough.
27-6 by €8-9, $4000; lot on the north side of O
street east of Ninth avenue. 82:6 by 100. $800;
lot on the east side of Nineteenth avenue,
north of I street. 23 by 120. ¦ $900; lot on the
south rfde of J street, east of Nineteenth ave
nue 50 by 100 $1000; lot on the north side of
O street, west of Tenth avenue. 25 by 100. $300:
lot and Improvements on the west side . of
Brodertck street, west of Washington," 25 by
87-6 $4000- lot on the west side of Nineteenth
avenue, south of H street, 100 by 120. $3750; lot
on the west side of Nineteenth avenue, north
of I street. 25 by 120. $900; lot on the west
side of Ninth avenue, north of J street. 25 by
120 $850' lot on the east side . of Nineteenth
avenue, south of H street, 50 by 120, $1800.
A sale in the wholesale district on the
east side of Battery street, between Sac
ramento and Commercial streets, of a
two-story and basement brick building,
with lot 29:10 by 65 feet, has been consum
mated by Baldwin & Howell, the purchase
price being $23,000. The income from the
property is $145 per month.
The same firm has sold 9- piece of prop
erty in Chinatown, on the southwest cor
ner of Washington street and Spofford' al
ley for $11,000. There is a two-story brick
building on the lot 20 by 60 feet renting
for 5120 a month. *
Other sales recently closed by the same
firm are as follows: *
Many Sections Active.
Lot 28x70 feet, on the south side of Post
street 30 fe«t west of William, with improve
ments consistins of two stores and two flats
of seven rooms each, sold for $16,000. Lot 82:4V»
feet 2408 Washington street. 95 feet west of
Webster, with large j wooden residence, was
sold under Instructions of guardian and subject
to approval for $8§00. The • southwest corner
of Webster and Ellis streets, a business comer
of three frontages, containing two stores and
bake oven and six rooms and two flats, was
told for $8800. No. 1258 Ellis street. 192:6 feet
west of Octavla, lot 27:6x120 feet, with a small
ootta.se and rear houee. brought $4900. A lot
42:9x120 feet. 1815 Broadway, near Qough street,
with a fourteen-room residence, brought $3000.
The property 419-421-423-425 Harriet etreet. 100
feet south of Brannan, lot 60x80 feet, with im
provements of two front houses, one of sixteen
and the other of eight rooms, and a rear house
of 6 rooms went for $2900. A lot 16:8x75 feet
on the southeast side of Shipley street. 91:8
feet southwest of Fifth, was sold, subject to
the approval of the Probate Court, for $1200:
the Improvements consist of a house of eight
rooms.
The auction held by Easton. Eldrldge &
Co. on Tuesday was very successful, the
following prices being realized:
For Pacific " Improvement Co., lot 50x100, W
line of Illinois street, CO feet north of Twen
tieth, $10,600; for A. O. Langham, old improve
ments on south line of Jackson street, 181 W
cf Buchanan. 25x127:10%. $4100; .for M. S. Wil
son, lot 40xl2":8Vi. S line of Sacramento street,
163:3 east of Buchanan, JSCOO; for E. A. Buchse,
two two-story houses, 5 and 7 Hampton place,
and lot 27x56, rents $44, $3450; for Jacob Host,
cottage, 188 Buena Vista street, and lot 25x70,
$600; for Cosmos Building and Loan Associa
tion, two flats. 1106 Potrero avenue, rent $21,
$2250; for Hugh Boylan, two flats of 580 Na
toma street, and lot 25xS0. rent $33, $3400: for
Mrs. Coffin, two flats, W line of Taylor street,
87:6 north of Etfdy, and lot 25x8C. $15,500: for
Byron Jackson, lot 50x130, NE. corner of Web
ster and Vallejo streets; for Selgel estate, five
two-story bouses and lot 87:6x87:6, SW. corner
of Sutter and Pierce, rente $156, $19,500; for
Joseph Madison, bouse. 1218 Filbert street, and
lot 22x137:6, $3000; for M. Simlnoff. six flats and
one house, SW. corner of Pierce and. 'Waller
streets, and lot 72x95, Irregular, $21,000; for T.
L. Henderson, cottage, 1281 Henry street,' and
lot 26x125, $1675; for Cosmos|Building and Loan
Association, 131 California avenue, and lot 32x
70. $1250; for Josephine Clot, lot 25x125. E line
of Sanchez street, 234:7*4 N of Sixteenth. $2000:
for Joseph D. Grant, lot 46x122:6, E line of
Capp street; 100 N of Twentieth, $2700; for
Mr. O'Leary, six flats, 613 Natoma street,
rent $43, 25x75, • $J300: for Mr. Cole
man, two flats, 2725 -' Bryant street, 25x
100, $2840; for Mr. Davalle, two flats, 65 Henry
street, and lot 25x115, $3000; for Pacific, Im
provement Company, lot 60x120, NW. oorner of
Twentieth and Illinois streets, $12,600: for Mrs.
Harrison, store and upper flat, '. 1117-1119 Mis
sion street, lot '. 25x80. - $11,600: for I Mr. Hlnkle,
cottage, 19 Buelah street., and lot 20x75. $3250;
for Mrs. Kelly, two flats. 19 Morris avenue,
and lot 25x80, $2000rlot 18:8x67. W line Norfolk
street. S of Folsonv $80: for Conrad Toungr,
lot 2S:7J£x75. NW line Railroad avenue. S3
NE of Seventh avenue south, , for $7B0; :• for
Mrs. Harrison, . two-story house on N ¦ line
of Sutter street, 60 feet W. 6f . Powell,
27:0x87:6, $21,600; for Mrs; Morris, store
and flat on N line of Geary street, 28 ; E of
William, and lot. 28 by 62:6. $15,000. For Mrs.
Ryan, double house, 237 Langton street, , and
lot, ,' 25 ¦ by 75, ' $2000. For S. Klarenmeyer, 12
ttory house. 610 O'Farrell street, and lot, 25, by
137:6, $10,000. For L. F. Peterson, lot, 25 • by
1»»6:3. on N line of Buelah street. 10«:8 W of
Ehrader, $2000. ¦' For Georgre R. Lange, lot, 35 by
106:3, - on • E . line '¦, of Clayton . street, ¦ . 75 .- S "% of
Hayes, $2400.. .For .; William . Best* Jr..- double
house and lot, 27:6 by. 83:6, on E line of Lcaven-
G. H. Umbsen & Co. have closed for the
estate of Hail McAllister a sale to H. and
S. Lachman of the two-story house on the
west line of Mason street, 87:6 south of
Sutter, 40 by 117:6, for $23,250, and have
ma.de the following additional sales:'
E. E. Baker, lots 40, 41 and 42, $900; F. A.
Bruns. lot 1. $400; A. H. Bailr. lot 2. $300; J.
P. Davenport, lot 16V* $300; E. E. Ayers. lot 13.
$350; M. A. Wynne, lot 19. $850; H. F. Wynne,
lot 20. $350; A. B. 8wain. lot 25. $400; M. E.
Raymond, lot 26, $500; N. R. Burton, lot 59,
$550; O. R. Baldwin, lot B, $665.
' Raymond. Baldwin & Co. report the fol
lowing sales in Ross Valley Park, near
San Anselmo, Marln County:
Other Brokers Make Deals.
streets. Seventeenth and Eighteenth av
enues, containing: fifty lots. Is being grad
ed and made ready for building purposes.
Some cf the lots in this block have already
been sold to F. Southworth & Co.. the con
tractors who are now erecting some fine
residences thereon. This block -will be of
fered In subdivisions on easy terms, some
time in August.
¦worth street, 110 S of Geary street. $9000. For
Mrs. Coney, lot 30 by 75. on. NW corner of
Eleventh avpnuo and Clement street.' $1500. For
P. 3. McVpy, cottage. 21 Brady ntreet. J1000.
For D. T. Hushes, two-Ptory residence.
1935 Geary istreet, $3350 For Peters &
Cowle, -lot '46:10 by 10,' on NE cor
ner of Grove and Lyon street*. " $r.2S0. For
Mrs. Trull. 2 flats. 7C2-VM Clayton street, and
lot, 25 by 106:3. $6000. For German Bank, 2
story house. .818 Lombard street, and lot 60
by 137:6. JGOOO.. For John Elchenlaub. lot 25
by 137: :6, on 6 line of Pa.ee Btre«t. 131:3 W of
Shrador. $2350. :For Mrs. Meyer, 8 flats. 16 Guy
place, $3G00. For Mrs. Byron, house, 1437 Jack
eon street, and lot 27:0 by 100. ,$4750. For Mrs.
Tayao. 2 two-story houses and lot 81:6 by 87:6,
1205 Golden Gate avenue, $6000. For William
Walsh, 2 flats. 170 Z^exlngrton avenue, and lot
25 by SO.' $3250. For Mrs. Heister, lot on N
line of Pace street, 133 w of Masonic avenue,
J2S50. For Mrs. Jackson, 2-story house and 12
flats, on SW oorner of Golden Gate avenue and
Btelner street, and lot 100 by 137:6, $45,000. For
William B. Roberts, 3 flats on W line of Clay
ton «treek S of Page. $8000. For Mrs. Levy,
cottage. 1611 Broderlck Street, and lot 27 by
1S7;6. S3SS0. For Miss Barry, house, 211 Taylor
street, and lot '27:6 '.by 137:6. $15,000; 2-story
house and lot 27:6 by 110. on NW corner of
Halyht and Broderlck streets. $7000. -.For Mrs.
Center, 2 lots on S line of Vallejo street, be
tween Leavenworth and Hyde, 65 by 137:6, $3900
For M. C. Whiteley. residence. 2314 California
street, and lot 25 by 132:7H. $0000. For H. L.
Rea, cottage, 140 Hartford street. $1700.
BOY ACCIDENTALLY
IN THE K2TEE
Edward Emlet, aged 17 years, living, at
487 Natoma street, was accidentally shot
in the right knee yesterday while hunting
near Sausalito. .
¦ Emlet and two companions, all of whom
were ' armed with | rifles, were walking
along a read in search of game when one
of . the . boys dropped iiis gun In such a
manner that It: was discharged. The bul
let struck young Emlet in the knee, caus
ing a painful wound. His companions
brought him to the city and subsequently
had him removed to the Harbor Hospital,
where the bullet was. extracted.
Fierce Forest Fires.
Simon J. Sdiennerhorn.
HELENA, Mont., July 2L— Fierce forest
fires | are ' reported ; raging- : j west of Mls
soula. The Northern Pacific and Anacon
da companies have large forces of men at
work endeavoring to prevent-their spread
ing. There are several distinct fires and
the , loss will probably be heavy.
.WASHINGTON, ir July 21.— Brigadier
General * Samuel ; T.'i Cushing; U. S.'"' A., re
tired,"' formerly commissary ; generaJ- of
subsistence, died here to-day.. '.. r
: SCHNECTADY.N. Y., July 21.— Former
Congressman' ¦? Simon ;J.-< SchermJerhorn
died to-night ? at hia home in ; Rotterdam
of apoplexy/:;; •:; • : ;' j " . ,•.'..: '-.'"v .
SALES OF CITY REALTY REPORTED BY AGENTS
AS HAVING BEEN MADE BY THEM RECENTLY
By shedding blood French duelists vio
lated the rules of the same.
C. II. Olinger. residing at 63 Portola
avenue, took his wife and child for a
drive in Golden . Gate Park yesterday
ofternoon. The horse ran away and all
three were thrown out of the buggy.
Mrs. Olinger and the child were unin
jured, but Olinger suffered a dislocation
of the right shoulder. He was treated at
the Central Emergency Hospital.
- • Runaway in the Park.
The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-day includes Bert Wiggen and May
belle Bowman in a laughable sketch enti
tled "A Late Supper"; Wren and Linden,
sineins and dancing comedians; Kalacra
tus, juggler and hoop roller; P. Richards,
cartoonist; Coleman and Mexis. expert
rifle shots; P. T. Duffy, the wizard of the
concertina, and a series of new moving
pictures.
The La Monts, Lester Reeves and the
Talberts are at the Olympia this week.
Hlnrichs' orchestra will furnish the good
entertainment at Fischer's Concert-house
this week.
The California Theater will open Its reg
ular season next Monday night, July 29,
with the return of the popular favorites,
James Neill and his good company. Mr.
Neill closes a successful engagement in
Los Angeles this week and returns to the
California for seven more weeks, and his
opening play will be Henry Arthur Jones'
brilliant comedy "The Case of Rebellious
Susan." ' Among other plays that Mr.
Neill has decided to produce here are
"The Amazons" and "The Royal Box."
The latter is a big Eastern novelty, which
is being given its first Western produc-
The Frawley company will present to
night at the Grand Opera-house Steels
Mackaye's play "Paul . Kauvar." As will
be remembered, it is a drama of the
French- Revolution and is' full of- exciting
Incident. E. J. Morgan will assume the
title role, Mary Van Buren Is cast as
Diane >de Beaumont, the Due de Beau
mont will be played by Theodore Roberts
end Harrington Reynolds will have a con
genial role of Gouroc, the heavy villain.
An elaborate scenic presentment Is prom
ised, and the 'strong play will certainly
be given adequate production by the well
chosen cast. • ¦
five months In New York. The- comedy
will be given with the original cast and
settings and Is produced under the per
sonal supervision of the author.
has just had a successful run of
HAUNCET OLCOTT will present
to-night at the Columbia Theater
a new Irish comedy by Augustus
Pltou, "Garrett O'Magh," which
For the last week of light opera at the
Tivoli the management has wisely chosen
to revive the popular "Toymaker," with
the original cast. Next week the grand
opera season begins, with "Aida"' and
"Rigoletto" as alternate bills. The season
bids fair to surpass any season of the
Tivoli's history, the principals being of
exceptional attainment and the various
parts usually -well balanced. Among im
portant novelties promised are Borto's
Central patrons will be treated to "Tril
by" this week, and a very good "Trilby"
they are likely to get. The Central Is
giving some really fine shows just now,
sine© Mr. Downing's assumption of the
management, and with the good cast that
has been chosen and the adequate set
tings "Trilby" is likely to be a first fa
vorite. Mr. Brophy will be seen as Sven
gali. Miss Crosby as Trilby, Stanley Ross
as Little Billee, Robert Cummings as
Taffy and James Corrigan as the laird.
' The very attractive bill at the. Alcazar
this week will bo a revival of the Augnstln
Daly edition of "Wycherley's quaint old
comedy "The Country Girl." As_Peggy,
Miss Florence Roberts has made perhaps
the most pronounced hit of her career, and
Whlto "Whlttlesey, who supported Miss
Rehan In the role, will appear as Peggy's
lover, Dick Belv'.lle. George Webster does
Squire Moody's part again, and Agnes
Ranken will i essay Alithea. "Camllle"
will follow.
tion in Los Angeles this week. The ad
vance sale for the first week of the Neill
engagement will open at the California
box-offlce Thursday morning.
John Barrett, aged 62 years, a laborer
by oeupatlon. tt&s drowned near Hunters
Point yesterday afternoon. His body was
recovered a short time afterward and re
moved to the Morgue.
Barrett was Feen walking along the
dock when suddenly he lost his balance
and fel! Into the bay. James Hicks and
Hugo Dicrks. both young men. saw the
body floatlnpr in the bay about 200 yards
from the dock, pnd procuring a boat they
towed it to shore. Subsequently it was
taken In charge by Deputy Coroner Mee
han. ' •
Barrett wp.s employes In TV. C. Whit
ney's fish vard. and Jiad been drinking
rirce Saturday n!pht.
DROWITZD WITHIN A
FEW YARDS OF SHOBE
John Barrett, an Old TYTan, Palls
Off the Dock Into
the Bay.
NOTED DIVINES
WILL BE HEARD
Services and Speakers
for Episcopal Con
vention.
Bishops From Most Distant
Lands Will Be in
Attendance.
The Question of continuing the •work !n
Alaska will be decided at the convention.
The ealary of the first bishop was guar
anteed by J. Plerpont Morgan, the great
financier, for three years. It Is not likely
that the great work in that territory will
be relinquished, even if Mr. Morgan does
not continue his benefaction.
Sunday. October IS. all the pulpits | will be
occupied by visiting bishops and In the after
nocn a crest missionary meeting will be held
In St. Paul's Church, Oakland.
Sunday. October 6. missionary sermons will
be preached both morning and evening:. In the
afternoon a children's mass meeting will be
held In Trinity Church. Prominent laymen
and clergy will speak. In the evening the
Bishop of Shanghai will preach the triennial
missionary eermon at Trinity Church.
Tuesday evening. October J5. a meeting on
behalf of the missions in Hayti and Africa
and educational work amons the colored people
of the South will be held. The Bishop of Hay
ti. Bishop of Cape Palmas. Archdeacon J. B.
Russell an* the Bishop of Georgia will speak.
Wednesday afternoon, October 16, a business
eeeslon will be held.
Monday, October 14, at Trinity Church, a
•eselon will be held ca bahalf of mlselons In
the Philippines, Porto Rico and Cuba, at
which the Bishops of New York. West Virginia.
Brazil and Albany trill be the speakers.
Friday. October U, In Trinity Church, there
will be a epedal tneetlnr on behalf of domes
tic missions, at which the Bishop of Missouri,
the Bishop of Kentucky, the Bishop of South
Dakota and the Btrbop of Alaska will speak
about the work among the whites, blacks and
Indians.
Trinity Church. Frldajr. October 4. mornlns-
Onranlzatlon of th» missionary board, during
w-nlcn the general reports of the last year will
e* presented. "Th* Outlook for the Future"
win b« discussed by the central secretary.
Flcaneee" by the remers.1 treasurer. •'Publica
tloos" by the corresponding secretary. In the
afternoon a full discussion on the reports will
take place. *
Tuesday evening. October S, a central mis
sionary meeting will b« held In the Mechanics'
Pavilion, at which Bishop Whlpple of Minne
sota will preside. Bishop Potter of Xew York
and the Bishop of Kyoto, Japan will be the
principal speakers. Addresses will be made by
prominent laymen.
Thursday afternoon, October 10 there will be
a missionary mass meeting at Trinity Church
on behalf cf China and Japan. The Bishops of
Shanghai Toklo entS Kyoto and other speak
ers will ten of missionary progress In the far
East.
The Bishop of California has Just re
ceived, from the secretary of a committee
appointed by the prrsldinK Bishop of the
church in the United States to arrange
en order of work during the coming con
vention, a communication announcing the
following appointments: •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 22, 1901.
"The Country Girl" to Be Revived at the Alcazar and n TheToymaker M at
the T.ivoli— -"Trilby" to Be Given at the Central—James Neill Opens
at the California Next Week— "Garrett O'Magh 11 ' at the Columbia
"PAUL KAUVAR" WILL BE PRESENTED
AT THE GRAND BY THE FRAWLEYS
7
THE DA Y'S DEAD.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
SEND FOR A FREE SAMPLE OF MELLIN'S FOOD.
Mellin's Food children
represent perfect and
healthy childhood. Mellin's
Food will give your baby
health, strength and a good
development.
AMUSEMENTS.
ATJVEETISEMENTS.
SfATEMENT
OF THE^
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Frankfort American
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW .
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1900, and lor the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner o£ the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in- Cash $300,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $337,024 39
Cash in Banks :. «.3"1 2S
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4.923 33
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion • • •• S 7 - 332 22
Total Assets $453.651 22
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense • • $lo.l<0 <4
Losses resisted, inCiudinK expenses.. 36,300 00
Gross premiums on Risks running-
one year or less, *¦ ; reinsur-
, ance 60 per cent 110,637 68
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year. $ ; rein-
surance pro rata • IS, 969 OS
Total Liabilities $179^077^60
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums •,••.•.;•••;• $228,733 95
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 9,900 00
Received from all other sources. 15,867 96
Total Income $234,567 51
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses (includ-
ing j . losses of previous years) $53,075 92
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 53,545 76
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other -
charges for officers, clerks, etc 5,420 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes "...' ? 4.432 40
All other payments and expenditures B4.519 66
Total Expenditures $207,013 74
F. G. VOSS. Vice President.
J. M. SMITH. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26th
day of January, 1901. •
. EDWIN F. COREY.
Commissioner for California In New York.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
General Managers,
204, 206, 208 SANSOME STREET, .
' , San Francisco, Cnl.
AMUSEMENTS.
SAT. , MAT.... 25c. 50c. 75o
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
SPFfTAT BARGAIN MATINEES Every
SrCUAL Thursday, 25c and 50c reserved
EVE... -25c. 35c, 60c. 75c, Jl
By Henry Arthur "Jones.
Of— -¦ :
REBELLIOUS SUSAN.
THE CASH
MR. JAM OS ANDTHE
jUP/rr NEILL
/ V m ' J M Mam* Mam* COMPANY.
Presenting ths Highly Successful Comedy,
MENT OF THE FAVORITES.
MONDAY EVENING, JULY 29th.
WELCOME RETURN. SPECIAL ENGAGE-
St. Cerznain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahle
& Co. <r-M d. 1&S2> 409 Market St.; upon In-
:-tallment or rented; also beer apparatus.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES
Catalog-ues and Price Lists Mailei
on Application.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
• OPEN DAILY from 7 a. m. to 11 p. ra.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:S0 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing-, including admission. 25c. Children. 20c.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
ANOTHER NEW AND NOVEL BILL.
STANTON AND MODENA; AMETA;
WILL H. MURPHY & BLANCH.3
NICHOLAS; 3 BBOOBXYNS; ED
F. REYNARD; CHEVAUER EN-
RICO MARIO SCOGNAMILLO;
DAMM BROTHERS; CHARLES
LEONARD FLETCHER, and the
BIOGRAPH.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c
Evenings at S. Matinee Saturday at 1
THIS WEEK BY PVBLIC DEMAND.
The Toy Maker.
POPULAR PRICES— 23c and 50c.
Grand Opera Season
MONDAY - - - July 29.
SEATS NOW ON SALE. ,.'
First Week— "AIDA" and "RIGOLETTO."
. Telephone Bush 9.
Two ."Weeks Beginning 'TO-NIGHT.
7 Nights Each Week— Matinee Saturday.
ANOTHEU * || THE
BIG REPRESENTATIVE
NEW YORK || IRISH
PRODUCTION ii COMEDIAN'.
chavn'cey O1CO i /
"THE SWEETEST SIXGER OX THE STAGE."
~- In the New Irish Comedy.
"CARRETT O'MACH."
Written by AUGUSTUS PITOU. Manager.
; The play will be presented here with ths
g-neat cast, all of the mafmiflcent scenery and
grand effects that characterized Mr. Olcotfs
long and successful engagement of five months
in New York.
Hear OLCOTT' S NEW SONGS.
Commencing THIS (MONDAY) EVENING.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
I Will Present
Steele Mackaye's Greatest Play
"PAUL KflUVAR,"
A high-class Imperial Photograph o£ E. J.
Morgan will be presented each lady present
Friday evening.
: Popular prices— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinees. 25c
Branch Ticket Offlce Emporium.
N'ext Week— "THE SENATOR."
REM.ASCO mo THALESjfogfQp?
Beginning TO-NIGHT— All This Week.
. MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Gorgeous Revival of the Famqus Play,
An All-Star Cast of Popular Favorites.
JAMES M. BROPHY as Svengali. *£
• Reappearance of Miss Juliet Crosby and Rob-
ert Cummirss. Flrat appearance at this theatsr
of Edwin T. Emery.
PUlfP^ Evenings ,...10es 13c. 2T.c. 35c. 30o
1 illWCJ Matinees lCc. 15c. 25c
Next Week— "THE ENSIGN."
TO-NIGHT (MONDAY) an<? All Week.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In a Notable. Revival of Augu&tln Daly's
Comedy,
THE COUNTRY
1 GIRL.
Only Matinee Saturday. Seats on Sale Six
Days in Advance.
Next— "THE ADVENTURES OF NELL
GWYNNE."
LUNETTE;
THE MAID OF THE AIR.
Telephone for Seat — Park 23.
Amateur Night, Every Thursday.
BERT WIGGIN" AND MAYBELLE
BOWMAN, WBEN" AND LIN-
DEN, KAIiACBATITS, P. J. DTJF-
. FY, ; COLEniAN , AND MEXIS, P.
BICHABDS, NEW MOVING PIC-
. TUBES. '
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
CHUTES and ZOO
FISCHERS SSBSi! rr
- Matinee ' Sunday. - Murray and Appel. Sarah
X/otsette. mezzo-soprano; Karl , and Bayle. the
Gravlllo and . Grahams. Charity Martin, - Pletro
Buzzl, Babe Ruth. James T. Marky. Admission
10c; reserved seats, 25c. Telephone Main 231. .
I DR. GREEN, Specialist. §
i DISEASES OF MEN QUICKLY CURED. |
¦¦V Esn» Eprtckeh Ed' din 5, Rooms 418-419, §
(S-. Office Hours: 10 A. M. to 3 F. M., 7 to 9 P. M. <»
® Sundiys. 10 A. M. to 2 P. M. . ®
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great,
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY.
M («S lBSlK*£ZXT£?-tet.6&t7a,g.?.C»l.|
\ Xf The I-arjrwAr.iton.ical Museum in the
m mOPB^. Uor;<J Meajcaes*et or my contracted i
~ 9C=It3 ?*"« «¦—¦•.¦*! by thtoidcu '
9 ffiSI Specialist on the Coast. E»t- 36 ye«rs. <
S flfX* g DR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN ,
1 I ftJK^B Consultation free and ttrictly prirate.
§ I fffli I T™*™ 01 * perwaally er by letter. A 1
\ 1 W Si 9 •ft>^«»« Ctar««ae»ery case undertaken. '
Mr I lift Write for EoA, PHIL««OPny .r,
W * ii It* 1»A»BI»6K, KAIL.EO FREE. (A 1
i /I /I valuable book for mn)
9 DR. JOBDA.2V A CO.. 1951 Market Kt..S. P. '
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
If you .don't like Fels-Naptha
soap, your grocer returns your
money. . • . ¦ : . - ¦ j
Saves the worst half of wash-
day. ; ¦"•¦•. .. ' ' '. - ; i.
COAL. COKE AN * PIG IROX.
Jr tl'fl CAW X- Ct\ s 00 Battery str»#t.
• V- V ILjXJn U, \Af- 1 Telephone Main U64.
FRESH AND SA.LT MEATS.
fAS FftVFC*r-l ShlppUur ¦ Butcher*. 104
JA2- LlnEaglJ. clay: TeL^^Jaln 12M
OILS.
I-UEniCATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS,
<18 Front gt.. S. P. Phone Main 1718. • •
IMBRICATING OILS. gXSIGN & McCOF-
FICK. 23 Ep.-.ar ct.. S. F. TeL Main 6320.
Pionccp Dry Goods Stored
I-ADIES* JEHSET RIBBED BLUE VKSTB
* for 15c. 20c and 25c Linen Collars at 2 for
Cc. Large Linen Spools 2 for 6c. at 106 Fifth.
' ' ¦ i
PRJNTINO.
P C. nnftRFC PRINTER.
L- <f UVUHCD, ai san»ome gt.. 8. V.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.'"
IHE HICKS-JUDO CO., "
23 Finst Street, San Frunclsco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PALACE . . ,
These hotels possess
AND tne attributes that tour-
rv " 1 * ' lsts and travelers ap-
TPANTl preclate— central loca-
latvArtU tion. liberal manage-
HnT n o merit, modern appotnt-
nU 1O-.J, ments and perfect cui-
sine. ;
San Amarlcan and Euro-
pean plans.
Francisco. . "'
A FULL SET OF TEETH
$5.00.
Comfortable, Natural-looking Plates.
that you can chew with, made of best
material by experienced workmen.
Payment by Installments."
Chalmers Dental Co.,
133 Powell Street.TO SAIL.
Canadians Successful at Bisley.
LONDON, July 2L— In the rifle shooting
competition for the King's prize at Bisley,
the following named ; Canadians • are
among the prize winners: -
Lieutenant John Ogg with a score of
29S, and Sergeant Wilson with a score. of
29C. Each receives the National Rifle Asso
ciation badge and £12. . / ¦ ,--?•
• Gunner Fleming: with a score of 381. re
ccives' the National" Rifle Association
badge and £8.
Private C. S. McDougall with a score of
268 receives the National Rifle Association
.badge and £5. '
CAKLAND ELKS WIN
THE SECO3HT> GAME
Santa Rosa Team Goes Down in De-
feat Before the Athenian
Aggregation.' '
OAKLAND. July 21.— The Oakland Elks
won the second came of their series with
the Santa Rosa team at the league
grounds ai^Golden Gate this afternoon.
This is a bad habit that the Oakland team
has got into lately, and while they are
hospitable to visitors in their lodgerooms
it Is different when they get on the ball
field.
The Oakland Elks met Santa Rosa once
before. They went up to . the thriving
Sonoma County town arid played a game
of baseball with the home . team. Oak
land won because . the Santa Rosa boys
said they could not violate the rules of
hospitality, but they would like to meet
their victors on their home grounds. So
the Santa Rosa Elks came to Oakland to
day prepared to do all kinds of things to
the boys of No. 171. .
Manager Jack Mathews put his mascot
suit on and rounded up his team of all
stars and said that visitors or no visitor*
it was a case of Oakland must win. And
Oakland did win, for the score was 14 to 2
in favor of the Oakland Warn.
Oakland has an almost perfect record,
having been beaten only by Los Angeles
once and Stockton once. . . *.
ST. PATRICK'S MTJTTJAI/
: 'ALLIAUCE ASTNTTAI, PICNTC
Several Thousand Pleasure-Seekers
Enjoy an Outing at Schuetzen
Park.
, The twenty-eighth annual picnic and
reunion of. St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance
•Association of California was held at
Schuetzen Park yesterday. The weather
was pleasant and several thousand peo
ple took advantage of the opportunity to
have a good time. The picnickers re
mained .at the park until the last train
pulled out for home. ,
Dancing In the pavilion, games and races
occupied the attention of the throng. In
the games and races thoughtful commit
tees and generous dona tors had provided
prizes in plenty for the lucky winners.
The races were won as follows:
Race for children under 8 years — J Mitchell
won.
Race for girls under 12 years— Lcda Hanf
man won. Elder Harris second.
Race for boys under 12 years— W. Greely
won. X. Wallace second.
Race . for girls under 16 years — Samuellta.
Smith won, Ellen Harris second. -
Race for boys under 16 years— J.tMackin won,
T. : Greely . second.
Young ladies* race — Emma Horn won, Emma
Egrgers second.
Three-legged race — "William Condon and G.
Davis won, Ira Terrance and J. Murphy second.
Young men's race— J. Sullivan won, E. Mul
lane second.
Fat men's race — W.- Dineen won, J. Hannlgan
second.
Married ladles' race — Mrs. Reel won, Mrs.
Kelly second.
Married men's race— J. Morey won, E.
Sweeney second.
Fat ladles' race — Mary Crowley won. May
Murphy second.
Race for members' wives— Mrs, Davis won,
Mrs. Sweeney second.
Members' race — E. Sweeney ¦won, P. Langley
second. _ • ..
The committees in charge of the picnic
were as follows:
Committee of arrangements— Hon.. Thomas M.
Searey, officer of the day; Thomas F. Alford,
J. P. Hare, M. J. Gorman. J. H. ilcGinney,
T. F. McGrath, F. McCarrick, J. D. Condon,
P. H. Flynn, E. J. McDonald. J. w. Shannon,
James McFall. William SlcCann, James A.
Moore M. J Horrlpan. Edward Murphy. P. J.
Silk. W. A. Dineen, TV. P. -Langley. Martin
Callahan; J. D. Courtney. R. W. Condon. E. J.
Clancy, William Broderick. William Byrne*.
William Dwyer, Thomas Glllick. C. AV. Hickey,
T. J Kenney, John Lenord. P. M. Hare.
Reception committee — J. D. Condon, chair
man- T F. McGrath. F. McCarrick. M. J.
Gorman." J; H. McGinney. T. E. Gibbons. P. M.
Hare E J. McDonald, William Mella, H. F.
Keon. J. J. Wall, Thomas Rooney, J. D.
Courtney. • - . ' ,
Floor committee — F. J. Kenney. floor mana
srer; MIps Mabel Aj B»arey. Miss Mary Dineen.
Miss Kos=« Contion,\ Miss T. Hafey, Miss L.
Taynor, William A. Plneen, William LanRley,
O W. Hickev, R. W. Condon. Miss- Estelle
MrGInerty. • ¦• , w
Committee on fames — T. F. Alford, chair
man: -Vv\ J.- Byrne. P. H. Flynn. T. H. Mc-
Grath William Hickey, M. M. Mahern, J. W.
Shannon. P. F. Glesson, D. Leydon, J. L.
Sweeney, j ¦ . ' ¦ • . • ••
Excellent Scores Are Made
in Spite of Stiff
Breeze.
—^—
The trapshooters were present in large
numbers at Ingleslde yesterday and many
sharp contests for honors added unusual
Interest to the day's sport. A stiff breeze
was. blowing over the grounds throughout
the day and it seriously interfered with
the work of some of the marksmen. The
shoot was held under, the auspices of the
Olympic. Club and comprised twenty-five
and fifteen bluerock races and a fifteen
live-bird contest. Haight, "Webb. Dono
hue and Captain Justins were particularly
effective.
The scores are as follows:
25-btrd race, monthly contest— "Webb 24. Slade
22, Forster 21, Weil 17. F. Feudner 21, C.
Haight 23, Golcher 17, Justins 20, Haight (back
score) li>, Webb (back score) 23. Justma (back,
score) 19, Derby 21. •
. 15-bird race— Webb 15,- Golcher 14. Foruter 13.
Halsrht 14, Debenham 13, Feudner 11, Burnell
13, Cooler 9, Iverson 13, Justins 14. Slade 13,
Derby 12, Robertson 11, Well 12.
25-bird pool— Slade"" 13. Debenham 15. Slade 15.
Debenham 20,, Iverson 17, Forster 22. Slade 21,
Iverson 19, Feudner 14, Well 10, Haisht 14,
Knick 15. BurnelK19, Iverson 22, CooDer 18.
Golcher 22, Weil 15, Burns 5. Knlck IS, Well U.
15-blrd pool— Webb 15, Golcher 13, Forster 13,
Halg-ht 14, Debenham 14.F. Fe udner 11, Bur
nell 12, Cooper 10. Iverson 11, Justins 12, Slade
11, Derby 11, Robertson 12, Weil 11. "
25-bird practice shoot— Haight 20. Golcher 23,
Sylvester 18, Derby 22, Debenham 23. Justins
24, Burnell 25, Derby 22, Sylvester 18. Burnell
18, Sylvester 11, Debenham 23, Derby 22.
Six pairs of doubles— Hateht 8, Webb 12,
Golcher 7, Feudner 8, Robertson 7, Debenham
S, Burnell 0, Derby 9, Justins 9.
15-bird oractlce shoot— Webb 13. Golcher 12,-
Forster 14, Haight 14, Debtnham 13. F. Feud
ner 12. Burnell 11, Cooper 13. Iverson 9, Jus
tins 12. Slade 10. Derby 12, Robertson 11,
Live-bird pool shoot— N.
Donchue .......1 102 112112 2 s 1—1!
McConnell 2 1211111212 0—11
Donohue ..1 1 1.11 1 11 l 11 l— 12
McConnell . 1 1221110112 1—11
Donohue :.... ..2 1120212122 C— 10
Haight 2 2 2 22-122102 0—10
Donohun 5 1111211111201 2— H
Haight 2 1112112111112 2—15
Justins 2 0221202221121 2—13
McConrell 2 1101102100111 1—11
Done hus 1122;jlfcll20112 I lllll]2201— 22
Haight 2222221211111211112212111—25
Sylvester ' 212211111022122—14
Justins 111210 — 5
Haight .............. ; 121122— S
Donohue .- 201122 6
Olympic Gun Club Holds
Regular Monthly
Contests.
TRAP SHOOTING
AT INGLESIDE
Runner Up Shows No Desire
• to Win and Is Easily
Defeated.
T. J. Cronin's Vandal won the open
stake yesterday at Union Park by beat
ing E. Geary's Palo- Alto in the deciding
round by a score of 14 to 2. The many
kind things that have been said of Palo
Alto in days gone by were more than off
set by the united opinion of the crowd
that watched the sprinter give up all in
terest In the game and let hia opponent
win as he pleased. While Vandal deserves*
credit for the snappy work he did
throughout the stake still there are many
dogs that never get beyond a second
round that could have beaten the Palo
Alto erf yesterday's final. The pair was
slipped to a hare of the speedy class that
gave them a record run and then escaped
when the dogs were at even points. In
the run off Palo Alto showed, his speeil
and from the start led Vandal three
lengths. He had not gone far, however,
when, he showed a disposition to "give up
all claim on first money, and as a result
Vandal twice scored a go by. Such an ex
hibition by a champion was never seen be
fore, and Palo Alto will have to do soma
wonderful work in the future to efface
the memory of the ignominious defeat.
The two points that were credited to the
Io3er were entirely complimentary- and
were made by the hare's favor. •
Vandal's work of late shows considera
ble Improvement and speaks well for Bill.
Shear, under whose care the courser has
been able to get the big slices of the
money. . . . •
P. J. Reilly's Honesty showed her old
time stake winning form and landed in
third place which, considering her long,
lay-off. Is a great performance. That she
did not beat Palo Alto In the semi-final
is due to. the fact that Alto was well fa
vored by the hare. - She was one of the big
surprises of the stake, having taken tlva
flag from Dewdrop, a 5 to 1 favorite.
Bonnie Pasha beat Fine Fire, a choice
at 4 to L. pointless. Sir Pasha performed
well throughout and reached the semi
final, ¦where, he went out to Vandal. Hot
Haste beat Game Boy at 7 to 2; Motto
beat Mose at 3 to 1; Master "Workmen
beat Strayaway at 2 to 1.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official score: " .
Open stake, second round-^J. Cane's Green
hall beat T. J. Mclnerney's Norah. 6-2; F. A.
McComb's Little Sister, a bye; F. A. McComb's
Hot Haste beat J. Moriartty's Snapper Garri
son, 18-7; J. Moriarlty's Kittletnan beat Chiar
inl Bros.' Wild Eclipse, 2S-8; T. J. Cronln's
Vandal beat P. M. Curtis" Shadow, 4-0; F.
Jones' Harlean Gladys beat P. M. Curtis" Nar
cissus. S-5; Star Kennels' Game Boy beat J.
P. Thrift's- Tyrone Prince. 7-2; J. Smith's Mas
ter Workman beat Russell & Allen's Strayaway.
i-0; F. A. McComb's Warship beat A. Vander
berg's Naughty Girl. 7-0; P. M. Curtis' War
Eagle beat Star Kennels' Mayflower. 5-4; P.
M. Curtis' Echo beat T. J. Cronin's Thornhlil,
7-0; O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat P. Jackson"a
Golden Russet, 6-4: Captain Clarkson's Golden
Garter beat T. J. Mclnerney's Annie Hall, 4-J:
F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha beat Pasha. Kennels'
Kor Freedom, 7-2: E. M. Kellogg's Modest LaJ
beat Pasha Kennels' Ben Kirby, 8-6; E. M.
Kellogg's Sweet Emma beat George Shannan's
St. Ives. S-5; J. R. McCarthy's John Doe beat
Star Kennels' Master Lawrence. 3-0; P. Jack
son's Honor Bright beat Chlarlni Bros.* TVTiite
Hat. 5-0: E. Geary's America beat J. Mark-
Iand's The Grafter, 4-2; E. Geary's Palo AHo
beat Star Kennels' Fontenoy, 13-4; E. Geary'3
Ireland beat Aeneld Kennels' Achilles, 3-0; E.
Geary's Bonnie Pasha. , beat Aeneld Kennels* '
Fine Fire, 14-0; P. M. Curtts' Anchor beat P.
J. Nolte's Silver Lyon, 14-5; D. J. Healey's Lady
Clare beat P. M. Curtis* Warpath. 11-6; E". M.
KelloBS*s Frisco Lad beat Pasha Kennels*
Rocker. 13-11: P. J. RelUy'a Honesty beat
Chiarinl Bros.* Bona Magnlflca. 15-13; F. A.
McComb's Motto beat H. Lynch's Lilac. 4-3;
Yosemite Kennels' Mose beat Aeneld Kennels'
Agamemnon, 17-12; George Shannan's Chicago
Boy beat J. Smith's Boney Boy, 4-3; P. Doyle's
Liberator beat J. Dow-ling's Sir Lawrence, 12-7;
Chiarinl Bros." Dewdrop beat Captain Clark
son's Flower of Gold, 4-3; George Sharman'a
Black Flush beat Russell & Allen's First Foot.
6-3. .
Third round— Little Sister beat Greenhall. 7-3;
Hot Haste, a bye; Vandal beat Harlean Gladys,
6-4; Game Boy beat Master "Workman,. 4-2;
"Warship beat "War Easrle, 5-0; Homer Boy beat
Echo, 7-1; Sir Pasha beat Golden Garter. 9-5;
John Doe beat Modest Lad. 6-4; Banner Bright
beat Sweet Emma. 5-1; Anchor beat America,
8-6; Ireland beat Frisco Lad; Palo Alto beat
Lady Clare, 5-3: Honesty beat Bonnie Pa«ha,
6-1; Chicago Boy beat Liberator. 6-2; Dewdrop
beat BVick Flush. 5-0. . .
Fourth round — Vandal beat LJttle Sister, 4-0;
Hot Haste beat Game Boy, 7-5; "Warship beat
Homer Boy. 3-2; Sir Pasha beat John Doe, 3-2:
Palo Alto beat Banner Bright. 3-2: Ireland
beat Anchor. 5-1; Honesty beat Motto. 3-1;
Dewdrop beat Chicago Boy. 5-0.
Fifth round— Vandal beat * Hot Haste, 5-1:
Palo Alto beat Warship, 8-2; Sir Pasha beat
Ireland, 7-6 r Honesty beat Dewdrop. 4-3. • •
Sixth round— Vandal beat Sir Pasha. 5-0; Palo
Alto beat Honesty. 7-4.
Deciding course — Vandal beat Palo Alto, 14-2.
Beats Palo Alto in the
Final of the Open
Stake.
VANDAL TAKES
FIRST HONORS
FROM SEATTLE.
M"ONDAY,' JULY/22.^
Sun rises ....... '......... ::.^.. ¦'.:.".'.'. ;....... 5:03
Sun sets ,:v. .'..:. ~.t:. :....;.vr;.. ".:.". .7:28
Morn sets .... ., ."..¦.... .10:53 ' p.' . m.
¦. NOTE— In the ': above exposition' of ': the. tides
the ' early j morning ¦ tides < are pi ven 1 In the I left
hand, column; and -: the successive t tides of -tha
day i in ¦ the order f of ¦ occurrence as' to .time cf
/ Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
. ' ' ; : : . • :¦ ¦'/ Sunday, Julv . 21. -i
Stmr South Coast, Olsen,'- h 8 hours from : San .
Dieco. v - •- ' • - "¦- ':¦ ¦'-¦' ".--"--':">••
¦ Stmr. Matteawan, Croscup, -S5 hours from Ta
.coma, Oakland direct. ; . . : ,-'.i' ;''.:'
;The : steamship 'Simon 'J. 'Murphy "has
been- purchased in the East by.'.the'M.-.S. ¦
Dollar Steamship . Company.'' She is 'load-
Ing at Baltimore and will arrive here next
November.- Her: name' will be changed to
Melville i Dollar in honor .of t he ' eldest ' son
of.";the .president .'of -.the, M. ; S.vDolIaC'
Steamship' Company. '- '": ,,—•• .,-
Championship Handball.
The games of the Olympic Club cham
pionship handball tournament played yes
terday resulted as follows:
McVicker, 51: Al Collins, 44: Condon. 51:
Jacobs. 21: Harlow. 61; Leach, 36: White
forfeited to Hampton; Mulineux forfeited
to McGuire.
Games scheduled for to-day are as fol
lows:
Hampton vs. Condon. McGuire vs. Clem
ents. McVicker . vs. Harlow. The winners
v.ill play in the finals Wednesday.
Houeeliolder. c. f 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Bowman. 1. f 4 12 0 4 0 0
Reilly. 3b 3 0 0 0 110
Spjes c 4 0 0 0 5 2 0
Kelly, e. s 2 0 0 0 2 2 0
Hale, p 3 -0 0 0 2/22
Totals 30 15 2 27 7 2
SACRAMENTO.
,'v ': AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, t. * » 3 3 1 2 1 0
Mcl^aughlln. 1. f 8 0 2 0.0 0 O
Courtney, 2b. 5.1 3 02 2 0
Doyle, p 6 2 4 0 3.80
Stricklelt. r. f 6 1 10 8 0 0
Stanley, c 4 0 2 0 5 0 ' 0
Sheehan. 3b 4 0 1 0 1 1 A
McGucken. c. f 5 0 0 0 2 0-0
Hanlon, lb 4 1 0 0 9 2 0
Totals ....' 40 8 16 1 27 9 0
nUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles...: 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits.. :..... 1 1110 0 0 10- 5
Sacramento 1 0 10 0 0 5 0 1— %
Base hits 3 0 3 11 1 5 1 1—16
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hale 6. Doyle 1. Home
run— Bowman. Two-base hits— Doyle, . Strick
lctt, Sheehan. Sacrifice hits— Reitz, Reilly.
Sheehan. McLaughlln, Stanley. First base on
errors — Sacramento 2. First base on called
balls— O3 Hale 1. off Doyls 2. Left on bases—
Los Angeles 7, Sacramento 9. Struck out— By
Hale 3. by Doyle 4. Hit by'pitcher—Hutrhtn
son. Wild pitches — Hale 2. Time of same —
1:53. Umpire — Levy. Official scorer- — Ruther
ford. - % . - ........
Minor Bassball Games.
PETALUMA, July 21.— Santa Rosa and
Geyserville still tie for Sonoma County
Baseball League championship. Santa
Rosa defeated Petaluma, 11 to 5, to-day.
GeyEerville defeated Cloverdale, 13 ( to 8.'
Bushnell Alerts beat Healdsburg-, . 15 to 5.'
_ SANTA' CRUZ, July 21.— The baseball
same to-day between Santa Cruz and San
Jose was won by the former by a score of
7 to 1. - :
HEAIDSBURG, July 21.— Healdsburg
defeated the Bushnell ball, team to-day by
a score of 17 to 5. ¦
. SAN RAFAEL. July 21.— A fine game of
baseball' was played at the' east side
grounds In this. city < to-day between the
Heesemans of Oakland and the San
Rafaels. The game was exciting through-,
out. - Pitcher Lichtcnberg ¦: of - the 'local
team did excellent work. At the finish the
score stood: San Rafael 4, Keesemans 1.:
NEWCASTLE. NSW-Salled July . 20-Bark
Abby Palmer, for Honolulu. '. - '
OCEAN " - ;
NEW YORK— Arrived July 21— Stmr La Gas
cftgne, from Havre and Rotterdam; stmr Cuflc,
from Liverpool. ¦-•¦.'¦ , . ¦ . . . .•
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed July 21— Stmr Etru
rla, for New 'York. .
¦ SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed ¦ July 21— Stmr Va
derland. for Antwerp. * ,. • . ' : -
HAMBURG-Arrived July 21-Stmr Pentura,
from San Frnnclsco via Valparaiso.'
FOPvEIGN PORTS.'
SEATTLE— Sailed July ID— Br ¦ stmr Chlng
"Wo, for United Kingdom. •¦ ¦ ' -•: ¦•
SAN PEDRO- Arrived July. 21— Stmr W. H.
Krucer, from Tillamook. ¦ . ¦ . f - ¦'¦ - !¦' - » .
- Sailed July 21— Schr Chos E Falk, for Orayu
Harbor. ' .. , - . ¦ • ...
SEATTLE— Arrived July 21— Stmr Queen, fm
Skanjay. ' ¦ ¦ . . . ' > .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 21— Bark Snow
& BunreFB. for. San Francisco. . . ¦
• PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July ' 21— Schr
W F<Jewett. fromjHUo. : -• * -
Passed July 21— Stmr/ Queen,- from Alaska;
schr Meteor, from Port Gamble for San Pedro:
bark Snow A Bureess, from Port Gamble for
San : Francisco. .-.•¦• v.. ; - :•-¦¦¦".'.'••-*" v :
DOMESTIC FORTS.
POINT LOBOS. July 21. 10 p m— "Weather
thick; wind W; velocity 20 miles per hour.". '
TELEGRAPHIC.
Sunday, July 21.
Stmr Arctic, Erickson. Seattle.
Stmr Geo Loonils, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Santa Rosa,. Alexander, San Dleffo.
Stmr South «Coast, Olsen;
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Kureka.
Strrir Alcazar, ! Martin.' \
.Schr Sailor Boy, Nygren, Grays Harbor.
Schr Bainbrldee. Bauman, Port Blakeley.
SAILED,
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, — hours fm
Ventura, in tow of tug: Rescue. Up river direct.
Schr Challenger, Anderson, 10. days from
Port Blakeley. i . ¦ . ,
> Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 60 hours from
Coquille ' River. .
Schr Albion, S',4 days from Coquille
River. • -
Btmr. City of Puebla, Jepsen, 56 hours from
Victoria and Pueet' Sound. . • • • ¦
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zoddart, 39 hours from
San Pedro. ' . * . . .
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 14 hours frm Green
wood. ¦ ........... .; .
Stmr Aloha, Wehman, 17 hours from Usal.
Rtmr Eureka, Jessen, 22' hours from Eureka.
Etmr.Bonlta, Nopander, C3 hours . from New
port and way ports. .. -
Stmr Alex Duncan, Leland, 26 hours from
Moss landing. - •
,Stmr, Noyo, Johnson, 25 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Corona, . Gielow, CC4 - hours from San
Diego and way ports.
- Br stmr Milton. Kainey, 91 hours from Na
naimo.
Bark Amy Turner, "Warland, 18 days from
Hilo. ¦-, .
Schr Jennie Griffin. ' Campbell, . 5 hours from
Point Reyes. . .
¦ . Sun, Moon and.Tide."
United States Coast and Geodetic - Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
- Waters at "Fort • Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. - Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.. .... ¦
?¦ NOTE—The high; and ¦ low waters occur' at
the city : front' (Misclon-street^wharf) about
twenty-flve, minutes later,than at Fort Point;
the height of tide. is. the. same at both ¦ places.
Handball Games at Ryan's Court.
The play at Ryan's Handball Court, S5S
Howard street, yesterday afternoon was
up to the usual standard. Collins, ' the
Pacific Coast champion, and Professor
Riordan played a very closely contested
game with Dillon and Feeney as assist
ants. The champion merely allowed the
others to work themselves out before he
made some of his. famous ground strokes.
The scores are as follows:
T. Serres and J. Glynn 21 21 13 21
E. White, and A. Whiteman 17 15 21 12
J. Ward and W. Ward 21 21 13 21
W. H. Egan and E. J. Sweeny.... 12 18 21 19
M. Maher and A. Young 21 19 21 17 21
M. McXell and J. Boyle 11 21 20 21 16
G. Green and F. Smith 21 21 21
W. Johnson and M. Edwards 19 13 15
J. McXamara and T. Finn 21 14 21 20 21
T. Sweeney and J. Madden 11 21 17 21 16
D. Connelly and M. Joyce 21 21 16 19 21
M. McLaughlln and P. Ryan....l3 18 21 21 17
V.. White and J. Glynn 21 12 21
A. Whiteman and W. Johnson 19 21 1C
W. Walsh and E. White .21 "l7 21
W. Smith and W. Stansbury 18 21 19
.T. Collins and M. Dillon ..21 14 21 12 21
J. Itlordon and J. Feeney......l3 21 IS 21,16
SAILOR SAVES HIS OWN LIFE, BUT BREAKS ANKLES
IN JUMPING FROM ROOF OF HOUSE TO THE GROUND
day; the third time column jives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the. height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
Riven by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low watersj
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
j*=^ ACRAMENTO. July 21.— To the
(L^_^ sincere regret of a host of friends
and well-wishers, not only in.Sac-
ramento but throughout Califor-
J nia, James A. • Barwick, the ob
server for . the United States .Weather
Bureau in this city, will leave in August
for Denver. The transfer has been made
at his own reauest on. account of his
health, ¦which has not, been good since the
severe attack of illness he experienced in
1896, when from excessive mental work
and worry and protracted physical ex
ertion • in connection \ with the ¦ State
¦weather service his .system broke, down
and for weeks he hovered between life
and death.
Mr. Barwick has been in continuous
charge of the Sacramento meteorological
fc-^>s3HERE was a peculiar accident on
I the front yesterday. By nls pres-
I ence of mind In . jumping at the
11 right moment a young man saved
himself , from probably fatal inju
ries or maybe instant death.
Harry Weeks, a • sailor on one of the
coasting rchooiTers, was at work 'on the
roof of a house in the rear of the building
en the corner of East and Clay streets.
Assisted by his -father, he was clearing
away some rubbish that had accumulated
and tearing down some planks that were
in the way. One of the bgards came
away easily, and Weeks Jr.,.who\was ex
pecting some' resistance; lost ;hls balance.'
Finding himself falling, he jumped away
from the roof and landed on his feet in
the yard, fifty feet below. Thinking he
was at sea. Harry instinctively jumped in
order to fall clear of the ship, and so in
all probability raved -his life. .
The father got down -from the roof, as
quickly as possible and at once brought
assistance. The young man was removed'
to the Harbor Hospital, where Dr. Mur
phy found that both his ankles were
(broken and that there were a number; of
contusions on his body. There is a pos
sibility of internal Injuries, but young
Weeks says -he is. all right save for his
broken limbs. * •'- - '-¦-.¦
The naval training • ship Alert came
down from the navy yard and, will prob
ably sail for Yokohama to-morrow. She
has 124 apprentice boys aboard who are
going out on thoir maiden cruise. The
Alert was thought to be ready for sea
several weeks ago, but at the last minute
her condensers were fqund to be-out of
order and she taken to the navy yard.
Loading "Wheat Under Difficulties. "
. The British ship Chlpperkyle was : to
have been loaded and ready for sea nearly
a week ago. When all of her -cargo of
wheat eave about 500 tons was ¦ aboard
the longshoremen'struck and the ship was
tied up. Thursday last the men agreed
to finish the vessel and let her go,' but did
not keep their promise. . Saturday Fred
Wilson, manager for Stewart Menssies, de
cided to finish the loading of the vessel
himself. He got together- thirty sailors
and took them to Port Costa on alaunch.
At daybreak they were at work loading
wheat into the Chipperkyle and by. the
afternoon the ship was^ loaded. She will
come down in^ja the stream to-day and
will probably sail for Europe .Wednesday.
•Wilson paid the men 5 cents an hour more
than the longshoremen had been getting,
and he is so well satisfied with their, work
that he is going to keep them at Port
Costa to finish the loading of the remain
der of the fleet. . .
News of the Overdue . Fleet.
The British' ship Albania Is now out 207
days from Riode Janeiro for Manila, and
last week, the underwriters were paying
70 per cent" to > reinsilre hull and '-cargo.
The Albania left New;York on September
11 for Manila, but" was caught :m- heavy
weather L and liad to put into Rio • in ' dis
tress. She sailed again from Rio, on De
cember 27, and has not been heard from
since. She Is a' wooden : ship, built In
Nova Scotia in-1884. ¦ . '
-The British ship County of '.Haddington
is now "out 170 days from- Ne-vy, York for
Shanghai, 'and the underwriters are pay
ing 30 per cent to reinsure her chances.
She sailed from New. York on February 2,
and after discharging at Shanghai' was to
have come to San Francisco to load grain
for Europe. ¦ ( . &BggJiaSifii
station since March 15, 1S81, and^ his serv
ices during the twenty years. have been of
large benelit to the agricultural and fruit
interests of the State. Soon. after his as
suming the. duties. of his station he sug
gested and" with the assistance of Edwin
F. Smith, secretary of the- State Agricul
tural Society; instituted the 'system \pt
making meteorological .'observations - and
gathering statistics- throughout the State,
which proved of incalculable value to the
farmers and fruit growers as. well as to
scientific men. For , this service alone
California owes him a large debt of grati
tude. V ; . , i J . . .
* In 1S91, wheri a State weather service
was --instituted---by -the -United States
Weather Bureau at Washington, Mr. Bar
wick was placed at the head' of It for
California, which position he continued to
fill until the transfer of the central office
to San Francisco in 1897. < His monthly re
ports and - weekly - crop . bulletins were
models of . completeness and accuracy. ' ;
When the transfer was made in 1897 Mr.
Barwick received more than a hundred
letters from voluntary observers- all over
the -State expressing, their .regret "at the
change. ...A; large number of. these observ
ers had .been -reporting, to; him from >as
far. back. as 1882. ;' r '-¦ .;
Some -weeks ago .on .the advice of his
physician. Mr. Barwick asked for a trans
fer to Charlotte, N. C. The way. not be
ing open to him, hewas offered a station
at Madlna, Colorado, but finally settled
on the one at Denver, to. which he goes
as assistant observer. The J change is a
promotion.
¦ Mr.- Barwick has a twenty days' leave of
absence from August 1, and will leave
Sacramento about August 10...
CHIEF OF THE UNITED STATES WEATHER BUREAU AT SACRAMENTO, /WHO FOR MANY TEARS HAS REN
DERED EXCELLENT SERVICE TO THE STATE AND WHOSE ILL HEALTH COMPELS HIM TO GO TO A
POST IN COLORADO. ' '. '."'"""¦
.. • - ' ¦ ¦¦ . ¦ ¦ ' " ¦.¦¦•¦ '•'. . -:. . -. .. .- ; . ) '. . ' • __¦ .. -.. . ."¦.
GASCOYUT3 WINS ONE RACE.
Afterward Enters for Five Miles and
Is Easily Beaten by Fenn.
NEW YORK, July 21. — The feature of<
the day at Vailsburg, N. J., was the ride
of the Englishman, Gascoyne, in the half
mile. Gascoyne, having beaten Major
Taylor at Boston on Saturday night, hur
ried to Vailsburg and won the half-mile
race. Then he was called upon to meet
\V. S. Fenn in a ftve-mile pursuit race.
Many of the spectators claimed that the
Englishman had not had time to rest be
tween his races and no surprise was ex
pressed when he was beaten after going
a little over three miles. Summary: .
Half mile, professional— Won by T. J. Gas
coyne, England. Time, 1:06 4-5.
Five mile international pursuit race— T. J.
Gapcoyne. England, agrainst W. S. Fenn,
Waterbury. Won by Fenn. Distance, three
miles and 495 yards. Time. 7:13.
Five mile professional— Won by W. A. Kutz,
New Haven (250 yards). Time, 11:04 4-5.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, July 21.— One of Taylor's gifts and
both of his team's errors proved costly to-day,
being followed by hard drives. This." with
Eason's clever pitching, gave the locals the
fifth straight from New York. Attendance,
6000. Score:
Clubs— £':. ¦ R. H. E.
Chicago 6 S 2
New York 2 ' 4 J
Batteries— Eason and Kllng; Taylor and
Smith. Umpire— Cunningham.
ST. LOUIS. July 21.— St Louis literally
pounded the ball all over the field this after
noon and forced Guez out In the eecon* inning.
Stimmel would have retired if Cincinnati had
any one to replace him. Attendance, 10,000.
Score: * /
dubs— R. H. E.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
St. Louis W 18 1
Cincinnati 2 10 6
Batteries— Murphy and Ryan; Guez, Btlmmel
and Bergen. Umpire— Nash.
CHICAGO, July 21.— The locals had no trou
ble in hitting Bernhard and won easily in to
day's came. Callahan was In good form and
wo'uld have held the visitors to a single run
if his support had been good. Attendance. 1000.
Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Chicago » 1« *
Philadelphia •••• * '« 5
Batteries— Callahan and Sugden; Bernhard
and Powers.
DETROIT. July 2L— Boston bunched hits on
Teager in th«. first inning to-day and scored
three runa. Detroit tied the score in the fifth
inning on some good batting and base run*
ning. Collins' grand work at third and a
great catch by Nance were the features. At
tendance. 6000. Score:
Boston ../. ? » 0
Detroit 3 8 2
Batteries— "Winter and Schreck; Yeager and
Buelow.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., July 21.— Milwaukee
lost two games to Baltimore this afternoon.
Reidy and Hawley pitched better than Nops
and "McGinnlty. but errors behind them were
costly. Attendance, 6300. Score:
Clubs— B. H. E.
Milwaukee 6 IS 3
Baltimore 10 v " 1
Batteries— Reidy and Connor; Nops and Bres
nahan.
Second game. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Milwaukee :... 5 11 6
Baltimore 7 10 1
Batteries— Hawley and Maloney; McGinnlty
and Bresnahan. ;
Srh Francisco* 1, Oakland O.
The Oaklands suffered an attack of real
hard luck yesterday afternoon, at Recrea
tion Park, accepting the short end of a
% one-to-nothing score, though they secured
more hits and had as many chances as their
opponents. Mdore's unfortunate error In
the fourth inning was responsible for
their defeat, he making a bad throw to
first, putting Croll on the base -when he
should have been out.
It was another great pitchers' battle be
tween Iburg and Hodson. the last named
coming out on top. notwithstanding 1 the
fact that his team lost. The locals ob
tained but three hits off his delivery, not
a single free pass and three struck. out.
Iburg on the other hand allowed five safe
hits, walked three of his opponents and
suffered six of the Dudes to fan the air.
Croll made the only run in the game
during the fourth round. He made first
on Moore's bad throw to Eagan, advanced
to second on Hlldebrand's sacrifice and
cnxne home on Moore's second error, amid
the cheering and applause of the local
fans. Krug next got a base on Francks'
error, but Xordyke ended it by an easy
one to Arrellaaes.
The remainder of the game was played
with few startling events on either side.
The Benedicts secured hits In the fourth,
sixth, seventh, eighth and ninth innings,
but they failed to bring a man home, i
though they had a few chances of doing
fo. Thev suffered their usual run of hard
1 uck. " Y cungey" Johnson certainly exerted i
himself to his utmost, handing out pack>
agres of his choicest "hot air," and even
Baying prayers to stave off defeat, but all
to no purpose, as the "Jonah" was on
him.
"Josh" Reilly particularly distinguished
himself in the sixth, making a beautiful
one-hand stop and retiring the runner at 1
first base. In the seventh he got up left
har.dcd, had two strikes called on him and
thon smashed out a clean double to right
field, the only one of the game.
Mr. Graves, who officiates in the capa
city of umpire, should purchase for him
self a first-class telescope, so that he may
r»e able to see ¦whether a runner is on a
base or not. He called Krug out on a
double play at first, when A Heine" was
on the base fully five seconds before the
ball reached Eagran's glove. On balls and
strikes he ¦was better, but his work all
amund could be improved upon.
The dust blew around in enormous
clouds, much to- the discomfort of both
ppectators and players. The crowds will
certainly drop off if something is not done
to stop thi?, and the sooner done the
bptter.
The Germans wfll Journey to Los Ange
les to battle with the Looloos for the next
Ferfef. v.hile Oakland and Sacramenio will
play at Recreation Park. -The next series
begins on Thursday afternoon. Following
is the official scorer's report of the game:
SAN* KRAXCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
rrnll. c. f 4 10 0 10)
Hildebrand. 1. f 3 0' 1 0 2 0 0
Pchwanx, S»» t 0 1 0 4 2 1
P3brt, lb... 4000500
Kras, s. ¦ 4 0 0 15 2 0
Nordyke, t. f. ....... 3 0 0 0 10 0
.1. R»llly. Sb S 0 1 6 1 5 ' 0
nrabain. « 3 0 0 0 8 0 0"
Ibut?, J> 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totels 31 1 3 1 27 12 2
. . , OAKLAND.
. : AB. R. BH. SIT. PO. A. E.
Pretifian. c. f 3 0 .0 0 2 0 0
Purtetvr, i. f 4000200
RtrHhb r. f 4 0 10 5 0 0
Hfienn, lb : 3 0 1 0 10 0 0
I/>hmar., c 3 0 2 0 3 0 0
Fratirks. s. 8 3 0 0 10 2 2
Arn»lUn«». 2b 4 0 10 5 5 0
Mr^r«, Sb 2 0 0 0 # 0 2 2
Ilodsrir.. p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
•UaL-bltt 10 0 0 0 0 0
T<">ta5n 30 0 5 I S 11 4
•agtt^d for Moore In the ninth.
RU2CB AND KITS BT INNINGS.
S8n rrtfdscc 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 1
!>.!»« Mts 0 0 0 0 0 110 1—3
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Bate tits 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 1 1—5
• - suMMAnr.
Two-tmse hit— J. rteilly. Sacrjflce hits—Hll
debracd, Eaean, Francks. First base on errors
—Fan Francisco 4, Oakland L First base on
called balls— Oakland 3. Left on bases— San
J-'rancsFro 5. Oakland S. Struck out — By Iburg
«. by Hcdsan S. Double plays — Moore to Arrel
1p.ti<?* to F.apan: Rpi'.ly to Pabst; Arrellanes to
I'acan. Time of nir.e- One hour and 33 min
v.\e*. f.-npire— Grav. s. Official scorer— II. S.
luc-Farlin. . -
MOKNTNG GAME
Or.VIntd 8, San Francisco 4.
The t»ude« and Germans indulged in a
little tv?av>- dusking In yesterday morn
lng'f game st Oakland, the former coming:
cut with flying colors, accepting, eleven
Frife htts from Evans, one of which was a
home rrjrj. Moskiman was touched up for
nine hl:s, Krue making the round of the
ba^es <m .cm? of them. Oakland carried
rft the boners of the same by a score of
J to 4.
Jack Drertnan. tvho pmces center Held
for the Puies. wa? the lion of the hour,
rrakintt ? phcromcnal catch of Krug's
Ions Ml. in the fifth, and retirimr Schwartz
on a beautiful throw to first.' He covered
himreir with mr>rr> glory by stepping to
the plate and hitting out a home run.
Grav« pave h bad derision in the first
by catllnp gchvrnrtz safe when he was
cicarlr r,ut. Fo!lov.insr is the arithmetic
st.cry of the sam*:
. •/-.: . OAKLAND.
•. ; ab. n. bil sr. po. a. e
DrPtmsn. cf 4 12 0 2 10'
r»rr!es-vy. It ... 4O1O3OO
Pfotb. rf 4 1 2 « o x 1
f>;rr.n, IV ,......:...? 0 1*800
I/3hms»n, e J 2 2 0 6 0 0
Francks. <fs ' « 2 2 © 3-3 0
> -r^lla r«*>*, Cb ... 4 1 J 6 3 2 "2
J.»r*>r«>. 2b ., 3 10 10 4 1
M™?k:rran, p ....... 4O001O0
Totals .,.;.;. 34 8 It I. 27 11 4
£AN TRANCISCO.
_ „ . ' • .All. R. BIL SB. FO. A. E.
Crcll. cf » S O 1 1 « 0 0
HliJf-brand, If 3 1 1 (I l o o
Peliwertz. 2b ....... 4 10 0-220
Par*t. lb 4 12 8 9 0 0
Krtj«r. *s 4 1 2 6 2 S 2
Noriyke. rf ,.i. 4 0 2 0 2 0 1
J. Rellly. 3b ..,.4 000120
Orphan, c « 0 0 9 3 0 ' 0
Evans, p 4\ 0 1 0 0 2 t)
Totals ..; XX 4 9 1 24 11 3
RUNS AXD HITS BT INNINGS.
Ean Francisco ,.3 00010000—4
Rcse hits' I 22001110—9
Oakland '...0 1010600*— 8
nase hits 1 1 1 1 0 S 2 0 •— 11
SUMMARY.
Ttans responsible for— Evans S. Moskiman 3.
Home runs— Krug-. Drennan. Two-base hits —
I^'inleavy. I/ihman. Krancfcs. IIild*br&nd. sac
rilre h'ts — Schwartz. Ixihnian. First base on
errorF— Oakland 1. San Kranclsco 2. First base
on called balls— Oak'ar.l 1, Kan Francisco 1.
T,~tt on bases — O:«kl2.n<5 4. San Francisco 8.
Struck oat— By Kvann 2. by Moskiman 5. Hit
by pitcher — HJMehrand. TVmble play* — Dren
r.an to Lohman;, Schwartz to Krug. Time of
pam^— One hour and forty minutes. Umpire-
Graves. Official scorer— II. S. McFarlin.
SACEAMEKTO THE WINNER.
Los Angeles Team Misses the Victory
by Seven Buns.
SACRAMENTO. July 2L— Sacramento
v.on easily from Los Angeles by a score
of S to 1. Bowman's lucky drive over the
left field- fence for a home run in the sec
ond inning was the only thing tha't saved
them from another whitewash. The local
team batted Hale at will, landing sixteen
«ife hits. Doyle, besides proving a puzzlh
lor the Orangreland men. led . In batting
¦with four lilts out of five times up. Score:
« LOS ANGELES.
AB. n. , BH. SB. PO. A. E.
DrockhoO. r.. f 4 0 100:0 0
Tteitz. 2b..... S 0 1 1* 4 • 0 0
Hutchlcecn. lb 3 .0 11 5 0 0
Men From Adross the Bay
Shut Out by the San
Franciscos.
Another Pitchers'* Battle
Occurs "at Recrea
tion Park.
MOORE'S ERROR
BEATS OAKLAND
Eason.
New York Aggregation
Cannot Find Pitcher
Milwaukee Loses Two Games
to the Tossers From
Baltimore.
CHICAGO WINS
FIVE STRAIGHT
8
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI.I, MONDAY. JUJ.Y 22, 1901.
III Health Renders Necessary^ the Early Departure for Denver of the Widely
Known United States^ Official, Who Has Given Long and Va^
Service to Both the- Fruit and Agricultural Interests o^ California
WEATHER OBSERVER JAMES BARWICK
TO LEAVE HIS POST AT SACRAMENTO
i
. Time " Time ¦ Time "V Time •
Date Ft." — — Ft.' — — - '- Ft." Ft.
:<<• H w ., l w >..-. H W • t. w .:
22 ,.. 4:16 »S.D , 9MC ;lT6 ?4:4O .6.3 U:14 ¦ 1.7
23 ... 5:26 - S.6 10:22 i 2.0 . 5:21 6.3 ...... .....
: L W ... H-W ,; L >V •• H W .-.! .
21..'. 0:17 1.3 6:43 r.3.5 11:12 2.5 6:03 5.3
25 ... 1:12 .1.0 -7:56 3.6 12:09 .2.7 6:48
26... 1:BS 0.6 9:00 _3.S 1:04 3.0 "7:35 -5.5
277.. 2:40 .0.2 T 9:511 > 4.11 J:5S 3.1 8:16 ,5.7
23... ;3:21-0.1 10:31 -4.4 * 2:50 !• 2.9 -9:00 '5.8
" Steamer. j
¦ , - From.
I Due.
St. Paul
Eureka
Tellus...:
San Bias
«. Dollar......
San Pedro
Asuncion
Conemaugh....
North Pork
Marip'osa
Sierra.. ; j
Hermonthls....
Arcata
Coronado.......!
G. W. Elder..
Mackinaw
Progreso...
Fomnna........
Del Norte.....
Kobt.. Dollar...
Santa. Rosa....
Coos Bay.
Alliance
Washtenaw....
Walla Walla...
Coptic.
Point Arena...
Newburg.......
Curacao
Anubls. ....\...
Nome & St. Michael...]
Humboldt
Oyster Harbor
Panama & Way Ports..!
Grays Harbor
Humboldt
Seattle
Nome & St. Michael...
Humboldt
Sydney & Way Ports..
Honolulu
Seattle ...
Coos Bay .-.-.
San Pedro ;...
Portland and Astoria."
Seattle ". :.::..
Tacoma
Humboldt
Crescent City .........'..
Seattle and Hadlock....
San E>leg« & Way Ports
Newport St Way- Ports.
Portland & Coos Bay...
Tacoma ..,.../..... ..
Puset Sound Ports
China and Japan.......
Point Arena
Graj-3^ Harbor
Mexican Ports
Hamburg & Way Ports.
I
July 22
July 22
July 22
July 22
July 22
July 23
July 23
July 2*
July 2i
July S3
July Zi
July 2!
July 24
July 24
July 24
July 24
July 24
July 21
July 25
July 25
July 23
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 28
July 2S
July 26
July 27
July 27
July 27
Itcamer.
Destination.
ialls.
Pier.
Empire.... ...
Columbia.....
Pt. Arena....
Santa Barb..
Rival.........
Bonlta
Eureka...:.;.
Rainier
J. S. Ktmball
Coronado.....
Noyo.....;....
State of, Cal..
Jnly 22. '
Coos Bay ... ....
Astoria & Portland
Point Arena.........
Humboldt .....;....
July 33.
Willapa Harbor ...
San Pedro & Way.
Humbolrtt^
Seattle & N>What.
July 24.
Nome. via Seattle..
Grays Harbor
Humboldt
San Diego ft ¦ Way.
Jnly 25.
Nome &. b't Michael
China and Japan..
China - & . Japan. . ..
Pujret Sound Ports.
3rays Harbor ....
Ooos Bay
Tlllamook Bay :....
tJdr 2«. .
Humboldt
HumboHt ......
Jnly 27.
Portland & Coos.B.
San DIeKO .': . .
Nome via Seattle.
Aptorta"& Tortland
112 m
11 am
I 2 pm
|10 am
12 m
9 am
9 am
5 pm
4 pm
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
I Pier 13
I Pier 24
I Pier. 3
Pier 2
5th St.
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 3
Pier J
Pier 2
Pier . 2
Pier 11
St.' 1 Paul/.. „.
Carlisle City.
Peru
City Puebla..
G. Dollar.:..
A rcPta...i....
• W. H. Kruge
2 pml
10 am
1 pm
11 am
12 m
12 m
12 m
I Pier J I
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 13
I Pier 13
North Fork.. 1
San Pedro:... 1
9 am
10 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Alliance. . ....
Corona........
Conomaugrh..
G. W. Elder.
¦- . I
5 pm
9 am
2 pm
11 am
i i * :- »
Pier 16
Pier 11
Pier 34
Pier 24
Cottage City... Skaguay.fc. Way .Ports. July 22
Farallon. .....'.. Skaguay &VWay Ports. July' 23
Victorian:..*.... Skagusy &¦ Way Ports. July 23
C}ueen....T. Skagruay & -Way. Ports." July .24
Excelsior."...... Cooks Inlet *e Way Pts July SS
Nome City..... Nome &-T>tfer City..".: July 23
Humboldt :.¦..'.. Skaguay &\Way Ports. July f 25
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael.'.. '. July 23
Lity nf Seattle. Rkatruay,&'Way / Ports. July »
Al-KI... ..' Skaguay & Way Ports. July 29
Dret?on.. ....... Nome and Teller .....::. July 19
Senator...'..^'... Nome- direct ;...-.......:. July 30
" Steamer. j
¦ , - From.
I Due.
St. Paul
Eureka
Tellus...:
San Bias
«. Dollar......
San Pedro
Asuncion
Conemaugh....
North Pork
Marip'osa
Sierra.. ; j
Hermonthls....
Arcata
Coronado.......!
G. W. Elder..
Mackinaw
Progreso...
Fomnna........
Del Norte.....
Kobt.. Dollar...
Santa. Rosa....
Coos Bay.
Alliance
Washtenaw....
Walla Walla...
Coptic.
Point Arena...
Newburg.......
Curacao
Anubls. ....\...
Nome & St. Michael...]
Humboldt
Oyster Harbor
Panama & Way Ports..!
Grays Harbor
Humboldt
Seattle
Nome & St. Michael...
Humboldt
Sydney & Way Ports..
Honolulu
Seattle ...
Coos Bay .-.-.
San Pedro ;...
Portland and Astoria."
Seattle ". :.::..
Tacoma
Humboldt
Crescent City .........'..
Seattle and Hadlock....
San E>leg« & Way Ports
Newport St Way- Ports.
Portland & Coos Bay...
Tacoma ..,.../..... ..
Puset Sound Ports
China and Japan.......
Point Arena
Graj-3^ Harbor
Mexican Ports
Hamburg & Way Ports.
I
July 22
July 22
July 22
July 22
July 22
July 23
July 23
July 2*
July 2i
July S3
July Zi
July 2!
July 24
July 24
July 24
July 24
July 24
July 21
July 25
July 25
July 23
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 28
July 2S
July 26
July 27
July 27
July 27
Itcamer.
Destination.
ialls.
Pier.
Empire.... ...
Columbia.....
Pt. Arena....
Santa Barb..
Rival.........
Bonlta
Eureka...:.;.
Rainier
J. S. Ktmball
Coronado.....
Noyo.....;....
State of, Cal..
Jnly 22. '
Coos Bay ... ....
Astoria & Portland
Point Arena.........
Humboldt .....;....
July 33.
Willapa Harbor ...
San Pedro & Way.
Humbolrtt^
Seattle & N>What.
July 24.
Nome. via Seattle..
Grays Harbor
Humboldt
San Diego ft ¦ Way.
Jnly 25.
Nome &. b't Michael
China and Japan..
China - & . Japan. . ..
Pujret Sound Ports.
3rays Harbor ....
Ooos Bay
Tlllamook Bay :....
tJdr 2«. .
Humboldt
HumboHt ......
Jnly 27.
Portland & Coos.B.
San DIeKO .': . .
Nome via Seattle.
Aptorta"& Tortland
112 m
11 am
I 2 pm
|10 am
12 m
9 am
9 am
5 pm
4 pm
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
I Pier 13
I Pier 24
I Pier. 3
Pier 2
5th St.
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 3
Pier J
Pier 2
Pier . 2
Pier 11
St.' 1 Paul/.. „.
Carlisle City.
Peru
City Puebla..
G. Dollar.:..
A rcPta...i....
• W. H. Kruge
2 pml
10 am
1 pm
11 am
12 m
12 m
12 m
I Pier J I
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 13
I Pier 13
North Fork.. 1
San Pedro:... 1
9 am
10 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Alliance. . ....
Corona........
Conomaugrh..
G. W. Elder.
¦- . I
5 pm
9 am
2 pm
11 am
i i * :- »
Pier 16
Pier 11
Pier 34
Pier 24
. Time " Time ¦ Time "V Time •
Date Ft." — — Ft.' — — - '- Ft." Ft.
:<<• H w ., l w >..-. H W • t. w .:
22 ,.. 4:16 »S.D , 9MC ;lT6 ?4:4O .6.3 U:14 ¦ 1.7
23 ... 5:26 - S.6 10:22 i 2.0 . 5:21 6.3 ...... .....
: L W ... H-W ,; L >V •• H W .-.! .
21..'. 0:17 1.3 6:43 r.3.5 11:12 2.5 6:03 5.3
25 ... 1:12 .1.0 -7:56 3.6 12:09 .2.7 6:48
26... 1:BS 0.6 9:00 _3.S 1:04 3.0 "7:35 -5.5
277.. 2:40 .0.2 T 9:511 > 4.11 J:5S 3.1 8:16 ,5.7
23... ;3:21-0.1 10:31 -4.4 * 2:50 !• 2.9 -9:00 '5.8
Cottage City... Skaguay.fc. Way .Ports. July 22
Farallon. .....'.. Skaguay &VWay Ports. July' 23
Victorian:..*.... Skagusy &¦ Way Ports. July 23
C}ueen....T. Skagruay & -Way. Ports." July .24
Excelsior."...... Cooks Inlet *e Way Pts July SS
Nome City..... Nome &-T>tfer City..".: July 23
Humboldt :.¦..'.. Skaguay &\Way Ports. July f 25
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael.'.. '. July 23
Lity nf Seattle. Rkatruay,&'Way / Ports. July »
Al-KI... ..' Skaguay & Way Ports. July 29
Dret?on.. ....... Nome and Teller .....::. July 19
Senator...'..^'... Nome- direct ;...-.......:. July 30
gStS j In the Schlitz brewery you will find a plate glass room. Jn it Bp3
f"f*| are cooling pipes, over which the hot beer drips. Above it is an WfM
m 'j8 a ' r 1 5 er ' anc * no air c °nies into this room save through that filter. r*r3
R|*j»s No germs can reach beer handled with such rare caution. BrfcS
ggl] But, after the beer is aged, we filter it, then bottle and seal it, gr?W
fcgja then sterilize every bottle. " ' . ¦' V£$&
p^H We take triple precautions because beer is a saccharine hu^H
. product. Impurities multiply if they get into it. There is no waja
|p3a grade between absolute purity and utter impurity. ' FVj
HW!. ! J'^Yery bottle of;' SchJJtz is absolutely pure, and purity Is Rga
|C^Jj healthfulness. Your physician knows — ask him. SgSl
nStm 'Phone Main 447, Sherwood & Sherwood, 212-14 Market St., San Francisco. jlgi|j
[filtered Air- , : -. : .Sunday, July 2L '
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, 12 hours from
Point Arena. - • . - '» . -
¦;-• . • \? . DOMESTIC POETS.
- PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed July 21— Schr Me
teor," for San . Pedro. . - ' ' •*
Arrived July 21— Br stmr Algoa, from Seattle
for Manila. -
ARRIVED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
: BOSTON, : July : 2L— Telegrams 'received
by Chief Rufus R.' Wade of the State Dis
trict < Police have? proved - that the - man
arrested at Ste. Anne des ¦¦ Monts, , Que
bec. - yesterday, . is not 1 Blondin, ¦'- the i sus
pected wife ¦ murderer. , : -
Not Blondin, the : Murderer.
' WASHINGTON, ; July 21.— The Comp
troller of the Treasury, has rendered a de
cision In . which he holds ; that the terms
of officers . of the , Paris Exposition ap
pointed 1 , by the President expire as fol
lows: Commissioner General Ferdinand
W. Peck, July 21. 1901; Secretary Fred W.
Brackette, August 17, 1901; Assistant Com
missioner General W. Woodward, Septem
ber 2, 1901, or earlier If the work assigned
them Is sooner completed. ¦ T"
Terms of Exposition Officers.
LOS ANGELES, July 21.— Colonel Albert
Jenks, the well-known artist, dropped
dead of heart disease* this morning on the
street in front of the residence of his
friend Mrs. C.'B. Bruhn. The latter and
H. Langley, the writer and publisher,
were walking' with him at tho time and
were laughing and chatting when, with an
unfinished joke on his lips, Colonel Jenks
pitched forward and was dead. :
Colonel Jenks was born in New York
seventy-five years. ago. Early In life he
removed to Aurora, 111., and embarked In
the banking business. He also studied
painting, but. at the outbreak ;of the civil
war deserted business and^irtat the call
to arms. He served successively under
Siegel, Rosecrans, Grant 'and " Sheridan,
and at the close' of. the war, had' attained
the rank of lieutenant colonel. He de
voted himself to portrait painting after
the war,- and among the distinguished
persons whose portraits he painted -were
President Abraham Lincoln, General Phil
Sheridan and General John A. Logan. He
leaves two daughters, one -the wife of
Walter S. Newhall and another who lives
at Riverside. " „» -
PAI/LS BEAD BEFORE
- HE. FINISHES THE. JOKE
EL DORADO, Kans., July 2L— Seven
women headed by Mrs. H. H. Grover,
president of the local Woman's Christian
Temperance Union, entered a joint run by
a man named Bush In a tent In the center
of town and demolished a tubful of bot
tled beer. They took samples of the li
quor to the Sheriff, who later ordered the
jointist to quit business. Five hundred
people gathered while the raid was in pro
gress. A jointist in another part of town
loaded his stock Into a wagon and disap
peared. The women say they propose to
keep up their work whenever a joint
opena. At. the last city election the town
went "wet," and for the first time in sev
eral ' years tho joints have been running
LEAVENWORTH, Kans.. July 21.— Mrs.
Mary E. Dickens surprised a half-dozen
men in John Beachler's policy shop, at 321
Shawnee street, last night and before they
had recovered their composure smashed
a policy wheel into a hundred pieces with
a hatchet. Her boys had gambled in the
place, i She threatens to smash every pol
icy shop In the city unless the authorities
close them.
»
EHVLATINQ EXAMPLE
' " OP CAKBIE NATION"
¦' ShlpmentB ¦ of oil from the Kern River field
for June- are estimated at 300,000 barrels. ; Mc-
Kittrlck' added about 30,000 barrelsto make up
the total output of Kern County of about 330,000.
"VVhlttler and- FuIIerton ' will' make an increase
In output this month, while 'Los Angeles in the
last sixty, days has probably decreased" its out
put from 105,000 barrels to as low a point as
80.060 through cessation of drilling. ;. Ventura
County is : probably about holding its previous
good record. ' . •''¦*
from Its own dock on ocean vessels or on cars
passing the refinery, there will be the minimum
waste of energy on the part of the producers,
and the markets of the entire coast and even
of forelen countries will be within easy and
economical reach. . • • • ¦•
This refinery started in, however, with the
first idea of producing asphaltum, 'and for that
reason the heavier oil Is sought, and the re- 1
finery has been consuming about 1000 barrels a
day of crude oil, with eight stills of 150 barrels
capacity each. These were found inadequate
to supply the demand for asphaltum, and eight
more stills have been installed, doubling the
capacity of the refinery, while orders received
by the company for asphaltum guarantee It a
steady run at full capacity. . .: -
The asphaltum is sold in both liquid and
solid form and finds- a wide market through
American cities for paving and other purposes,
the quality of the product being of the highest
standard, tin experimenting with the -liquid
product of the factory, Mr. Dubbs hit on the so
lution of tbe production of a high grade of illu
minating oil, even with the use of the heaviest
crude oil, though of course the percentage jot
illuminating oil carried In heavy crude Is not
as great as that in the light oil, and to preserve
the balance between the demands for asphaltum
and illuminating oil,, the refinery will be able to
change from heavy to light oil according to
which product is In greater demand. ¦ ' \_
The Vallejo News says that the value.*bf
the oil belt lying north of Vallejo and ex
tending from the tules of. Napa Creek In
a southeasterly direction to Suisun Bay
will be tested by the I Solano County Oil
and Development Company. A contract
has been let to the Canfleld Drilling Com
pany to sink a, well 1000 feet. .'
The Standard Oil Company* will 'build
additional tanks In tho Kern River field
to supplement . the present storage capac
ity. A large boarding house and five
smaller buildings will be erected near the
tanks for the accommodation of employes.'
The Bakersfleld Calif ornian . finds in the
company's acts an assurance that .the
Standard has come to stay. v. ' •
The deepest hole in the Kern River field
has been drilled by. the Prosperity Com
pany which has drilled ' 1585 • feet and is
ready to sink 400 feet deeper if necessary.
"Napa County will have' a' hole .2000 fee.t
deep, a contract having been made by the
Fearless Company with. Hickey & Veazie
to drill to that depth. '.-"... . - .
The' Mpunt Shasta 7 Consolidated Com
pany has engaged a new crew of drillers.
The Keswick Crude Oil Company will re
sume work. ¦¦'...- r - J :
The Bakersfleld Californian says that
if the Dixon' Company secures -a paying
well the Midway district will be proved to
be over a mile wide/^- ; .- ? fj
According to the Williams Farmer there
are five standard rigs drilling for oil, In
Western Colusa County. - ; • ;''v
Lessees in the Kern County fields are
making concessions. The low. price of
oil has forced certain companies to aban
don .their : leases, under which they .were
obligated to drill aflxed number of wells
and to pay large royalties. The size t>f
royalties has been reduced as a concession
by some lessees, v ... . :
The Pacific Oil "Reporter 'says:- .
Thomas Prince, the wounded ' deputy
marshal, has been taken to his homo In
Sparta, while Corder Mackay, the wound
ed posse man. Is at Cookeville and is re
ported, to be in a critical condition.-
United States Marshal John Overai will
head the reinforcements which leave here
to-morrow. . Colonel \ Chapman, ! revenue
agent- of this . district,' - will also' accom
pany, the force, which will-Jnvade a. wild
country 'inhabited by hardy and desper
ate people, almost universally hostile to
the "revenue men" on general principles.
S Collector Bell reports that one of the
moonshiners, Frank > "Whittaker, has died
of wounds received ' in Saturday's fight
and that another, Will Patt, had his leg
amputated as a result of j a wound .re
ceived in. the same ' affray.
The moonshiners have boasted they will
not be taken alive, and as they are well
armed'and fortified in* the mountains, a
serious ' conflict is. expected.'
NASHVILLE, Tenn.,, July 21.— Reports
from Monterey, Tenn., to-day, near which
place an Internal revenue raiding party
was ambuBhed by moonshiners Saturday
morning, say excitement in that district
is at a hlglf pitch. The natives seem to
have ¦ generally, sided with: the moonshin
ers and Collector Bell deemed ' it advisa
ble' to -take his posse to Cookevllle to
await the reinforcements which will leave
here to-morrow. Every deputy collector
and deputy marshal in the district has
been summoned to join in the raid which
is contemplated. •' • ¦ -.- ¦ .'.
the Raid. .
Collector Bell Gathering
Reinforcements, for
NATIVE AID
MOONSHINERS
"Although things were run openly no at
tempt was made on the part of the peace
officers to Interfere. The law-abiding peo--
Contrary to the purport of the reading
on the sign, however, .Tepper sold beer in
large quantities to young and old. The
visitor was apprised soon after he entered
the grounds that if he ordered "root beer"
he would get the real article.- Walters
rushed around the place with hands full
of • beer mugs and their pockets' full of
money. Boys and young women sat
around under the trees drinking beer. At
least a dozen boys were so intoxicated
that they could not conduct themselves
with propriety. -, . ... ;.
10 cents, which entitles you ¦ to 10 cents 1]
trad*. CHARLES = TEPPER.
E. L. Wilhoit, D. C. Shepard, H. A,
Wright, B. B. Lyon and William' Dudley
of Stockton are trying- to secure money
to drill an experimental well for oil in the
foothill region east of ' Stockton. They
urge upon the people that if oil is struck
it will result in building up a large
amount of manufacturing by supplying
cheap fuel. According to the plan an
nounced by the oil . company of • which
they are directors, the sale of stock will
cease as soon as money enough Is se
cured to drill the first' well; A tract of
840 acres has been bonded. '
.There fere' several recent indications
pointing to the fact that the demand for
California petroleum is certain to Increase
in many directions. The action of the re
clamation districts of the lower Sacra
mento River, which .will substitute oil for
coal at pumping plants and on dredgers,
involves an additional demand for ' 75,000
barrels of oil per annum. The smelter at
Keswick uses oil for fuel. The Sunset Oil
Refining Company's plant at Oblspo, so
says the Los Angeles Herald, requires 2000
barrels per day for refining. This Is about
two-thirds of the total daily output of the
Los Angeles local field. The Los Angeles
people believe that the problem of pro
ducing illuminating oil has been satisfac
torily solved., "It is not generally known
perhaps," says the Los Angeles Herald,
"but it is a fact that the unmixed illum
inatlng^oll of the Sunset Oil Refinery is
on sale In the local market and is pro
nounced by the best, of judges to be tho
equalof the best oil on sale. The refinery
uses only heavy; crude, oil, that which
runs f rom 12 to 18 B.'gravity." > ..
¦• With the new demand the Los Angeles
surplus' ought to be* easily handled. ¦ •.
The Los Angeles Herald gives the fol
lowing : concerning the plant which the
oil men -hope will solve some of the ques
tions they have: . -. ;-. .
1 The Bite chosen for the refinery is of the best:
About midway between Long. Beach and Ter
minal the company has a -large, tract of land,
ample for I Increasing .its output- many -fold,
while the new -harbor -will give it wharfage
room of its own. The Oil I Company's
pipe line .from Whlttier and Fullerton to San
Pedro harbor, will pass close to ; the ¦ refinery,
enabling 'it to' obtain- the. cheapest' transporta
tion.'with oil In ample supply, while at present
oil is taken in from the Los Angeles field 'by'
rail: With oil piped from the fields to the re
finery and ¦ the . product of , the refinery loaded
California Petroleum Is
Turned Into. Good ;
niumitiant. :
The laws of the State of California and Ala
meda County prohibit me. to sell or give away
intoxicating beverages. Therefore please don't
ask for any. Bring your refreshments along,
sit down and enjoy yourselves. My billiard
room and bowling alley and playground for
children are at your service. Orders for the
Buffalo Brewery to deliver refreshments for
next Sunday may be deposited here. Admission
STOCKTON WILL
DRILL FDR OIL
The visitor to Tepper'B place was
greeted by a sign as he entered the
grounds which read as follows:. ....
Tepper's Bold Evasion.
The Hermitage and Nellson's licenses
do not expire until next month, and these
places had a legitimate right to sell liquor,
though there were no manifestations of
rowdyism around them during the day.
Bauhoffer's .place was almost deserted
throughout the day, and the absence of
the hundreds who have made It their ref
uge Sunday after Sunday caused It to
look quite dismal. However, there were
a few visitors, and these were supplied
openly with drink. Some, few people made
their headquarters In the rear of Taylor's
saloon and drank beer, though the pro
prietor said that they were only friends
of his whom ha had invited to help him
consume his surplus stock of liquors.
J. A. Nolan, who was formerly a liquor
drummer, paraded and spoke with the
Anti-saloon League this afternoon, and In
the; evening delivered an address In the
Presbyterian Church. \
"Tepper has a sign in his place," said
.the Rev. Franklin B. Rhoda. who con
ducted the- prosecution of the Upper Frult
vale joints, "but I don't think it means
anything at all. It looks to me a3 if it
were a blind to deceive us and the peace
officers. But we will not countenance de
ception very long. If any attempt is made
to evade the law we will take the neces
sary steps to have the offender brought
to justice." ' - .
"- Tepper's invitation to visitors to order
beer through him from the brewing com
pany for next Sunday's consumption in
dicates that he intends to make an at
tempt to carry on the liquor selling busi
ness by evasion. It is stated that he will
order beer in the name of his employes
and then retail it to the visitors to his
place.
Offenders Will -Be Punished.
pie understood that a deputy sheriff had
been detailed to arrest any offending sa
loon, men, but none showed up all day.
Even when some Intoxicated youths dis
turbed the meeting of the Salvation Army,
which was held on the street, no attempt
was made to restore order, and the re
ligionists were compelled to take the law
into their own hands. ?
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 O STREET. N.
W., "WASHINGTON, July 21.— Retaliatory
legislation may be enacted by Congress If
the German Government yields to the de
mar.il of Agrarians and Imposes the ' pro
posed Increased duties on farm products.
Representations may be made to Ger
many through Embassador White, pro
testing in diplomatic language aga'nht the
proposed Increase of duty, but the Presi
dent can go no further. There can bo no
retaliation without action by Congress, as
there is nothing; in the present law au
thorizing the executive department to>
adopt such measures, except to a very
limited extent.
, Paragraph 628 of the Dlngley law pro
vides for the imposition of duty on petro
leum imported from countries Imposing
duties on American petroleum, and sec
tion 5 of that law provides for the imposi
tion of countervailing duties on articles
for exportation of which from the country
of their production a bounty is paid.
Neither of these provisions would be of
any use In meeting the proposed action
of Germany.
While the new German duties are to be
general and apply equally to imports from
all countries, it is felt here they are aimed
especially at the United ' States, for the
reason that the.y are to be Imposed upon
goods imported chiefly from thi3 country.
If these new duties are imposed it will be
consistent with the policy which the
Agrarians have succeeded In forcing upon
the general Government for many years,
the same policy which led to restrictions
upon the importation of American meats
and American fruits. Both the executive
and Congress have- chafed under this
hostile attitude of Germany toward
.American goods, but no retaliatory action
has been taken, though at the time of the
prohibition of Imoortatiort'."of American
fruits several years ago, on the plea, that
there was ¦ danger of the introduction of
the San Jose scale Into Germany, the
Ways and Means Committee of the House
of Representatives went so far as to pro
pose- a bill retaliating on German imports
into the United States. A modification of
the German order was secured, however,'
and the project was dropped.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Increase of Duty on Im
ports Likely to Cause
a Tariff War. '
UNITED SITES
MAY RETALIATE
No one was roughly treated but the po
lice force was called out and dispersed
the men at 2:43 o'clock. About this time
the railroad company began shifting
freight cars across the river. The strik
ers again gathered, thinking 1 the cars con
tained non-union men, and made & dash
for the cars. "What may develop later,
cannot be predicted at this hour.
PITTSBURG, July 22, 3 a. nx— A report
has Just reached here that the strikers at
McKeesport, because of persistent rumors
that workmen were to be Imported, gath
ered to the number of 200 or 300 and
picketed the town, holding up every one
coming along, and making him give an
account of himself.
NEW YORK. July 2L— The tailors In
the sweat shops all over the East Side
were called out on strike to-day, In ac
cordance with the decision of the Gar
ment "Workers' Trades Council. The
strike committee, which consists of 300
men selected from the various unions af
fected by the strike, started out at 6 a, m.
and formed Itself Into groups, each group
assigning itself to ¦ a separate section of
the East Side. It was estimated that
30,000 workers quit work to-day, and that
to-morrow 20,000 more would refuse to
work. This estimate includes the Brook
lyn and Newark (N. J.) shops.
A meeting of the Garment "Workers"
Trades Council was held In the afternoon
and it was said that the demand for the
abolition of the contractors or middle
men would not be* enforced until next
year. The demands of the present strike
Include a higher wage schedule and a
shorter work day.
HXLD VP BY PICKET ME2T.
a Shorter "Work Day.
Demand a Higher Wage Schedule and
EAST SIDE TATLOSS STRIKE.
We have lost no ground in the mills thrown
idle in Pittsburg. Our organizers at "Wells
vllle report that after the advent of . a soli
tary worker there from "Vandergrift to go into
the mills on Saturday representatives of the
operative spotters scoured Wellsville and East
Liverpool to find other men on a similar mis
sion and found not one. I can still repeat
that what I have said before in regard to
non-union men taking our places. If the
United States Steel Corporation officials can
get non-union men I will help lead the men
into the mills.
Shaffer would say nothing of the plans
of his association during the coming weelc
farther than to reiterate his former state
ments that this programme was perfect
ed and would be carried out to the letter.
His people had been preparing for this
conflict, which they foresaw for three
years, and are prepared to carry on th«
fight for an almost indefinite period
The twenty-two-inch mill at the Boston
iron and ateel plant of the National Tube
Company at McKeesport ¦will resume op
erations in the morning after a shutdown
lasting three weeks. The plant was closed
for repairs.
Last night I received a. telegram from, one
of our men at Duncans vine saying: "Dun
cansville Is out." At any time within the
year we could have formed a compact organi
zation of the mill there. They have sent ua
dozens of letters and a number of telegrams
declaring their anxiety to Join our cause.
Things are very much better than I thought
they would be. More mills are shut down than
we anticipated or could expect. There Is rnor«
determination upon the part of the men than
was -anticipated. There has been more in
clination to aid as morally and financially on
the part of the other labor organizations and
vastly more support from the- general public
than - we were looking for.
"When seen to-night President Shaffer
expressed himself as being more than sat
isfied with the week's results. He said:
"PITTSBURG, July 2L-The important
event in the strike history of the day la
the organization of the tubemlll workers
at McKeesport. The word from there to
night Is that after long and arduous work
Assistant Secretary Tlghe of the Amalga
mated Association succeeded in organiz
ing 125 men of the National Tub© "Works
Company. At the meeting twenty-five
skilled men from each of the departments
were Initiated into the mysteries of the
Amalgamated Association, and Tighe
claims that within forty-eight hours
enough more workmen will be secured to
keep the entire plant closed down, affect-
Ins 9000 men.
From Wellsville nothing has been re
ceived here except word that the situa
tion is unchanged, and the strikers say
everything is satisfactory to them. It ia
believed, however, that an attempt wQl
be made to-morrow to put men to work
there from other points, the ten men from
Vandergrlft who are said to be at East
Liverpool ready to go In early in. the day
being the principal men relied upon for
the purpose. While the strikers say they
will not commit any overt act, there 13 an
uneasy feeling manifest throughout th»
entire valley, and no one Is 'willing to an
ticipate the result of the proposed attempt
to put these men to work.
Prospect of Trouble When
Plants Try to Open With
' Non-Union Labor.
One Important Event in'
| Strike of. the Steel
Workers.
TUBE MILL MEN
ARE ORGANIZED
Calvert does not say in this apparent
extract from the minutes of the board
that the new rule was adopted on July
17 Neither does he say that the board,
after the meeting on July 16 in, this city,
was in continuous session for several
days. Nevertheless that Is the fact. Sec
retary Calvert leaves it to be inferred, in.
effect, that the new rule was adopted one
day prior to The Call's publication. Of
course the gentlemen of the State board
are welcome to all the comfort they can
get out of that. But the secretary should
have been Instructed to make- his
minutes agree with, the statements made
for publication.
The California State Board of Pharmacy held
the regular quarterly meeting at Los Angeles
on the 9th of July, 1901. All the members were
present. The me*?tiny continued for four days,
and was then adjourned to meet in San Fran
cisco.
The board again convened at San Francisco
on the 16th of July, all the members . being
present.
Tho following wera registered as licentiates
on examination: J. "W. Bodemann, M. B. Fel
lows. J. L. Whltlock. H. E. Howard, O. Over
man. "W. H. Boydston, S. P. Strange and G.
P. Tolman. The following: having- passed a
satisfactory examination were registered aa as
sistants: F. Van Dam and B. F. Suelflohn.
It was decided that graduates who nle appli
cations before the 1st of August. 1901, may be
registered as licentiates without examination.
JOHN CALVERT, Secretary.
This much was accomplished by the
publication of The Call's, story regarding
the methods of the State Board of Phar
macy: The graduates of the. -California
College of Pharmacy will - bo reg
istered as licentiates without the vexation
of an extra examination at the hands of
the board. The first of Tho Call's articles
was printed on July 17. On the day be
fore that John Calvert, secretary of the
board, informed a representative of The
Call that all graduates, without excep
tion," must take examination at the hands
of the board.
On the day of the publication of that
article the same representative of The
Call was Informed by the State Board of
Pharmacy, In full conclave; that It had
been .ruled at the June meeting 1 of the
board that graduates in pharmacy would:
be licensed without examination. It was
intimated in The Call's story of July 18
that the board, despite this solemn declar
ation, had amended Its rules so as to'ad
mit these graduates on the day of the
publication of The Call's first article, and
because of that publication.
Now comes John Calvert, secretary of
the board, with the following communica
tion, apparently official:
When Did State Board
of Pharmacy Change
Its Rules?
WILL REGISTER
ALL GRADUATES
French Councils General took place yes
terday throughout the province, there be
ing 1433 members of these departmental
legislators to be chosen in as many can
tons.
The importance of the election lies In
the fact that they serve as a weathercock
to show the drift of public opinion re
garding the policy of the central Govern
ment. . Although the Issues Involved are
purely local/ the voting is Invariably con
ducted on strictly partisan lines. More
over, many councillors are also members
of the Senate or of the Chamber of Dep
uties, and their re-election or defeat , la
indicative of the view their constituents
take of their Parliamentary acts.
Dispatches from various points show that
the elections passed off quietly every
where. 'The returns as yet are Incom
plete, but such as have been received in
dicate that the Ministerialists have gained
a number of seats, principally at the ex
pense of the Radicals and the Conserva
tives. Paul DeschaneJ, president of the
Chamber of Deputies, is among the re
elected councillors, as are also M. Del
casse, the Foreign Minister, and M. Me
line, former Premier. .
. Among the new councillors are Fran
cois Carnot, son of 'the late President,
and Paul Loubet, son of President Lou
bet. Both are moderate Republicans.
Returns received up to the time of fil
ing this dispatch show the election of 788
Republicans of all shades and 170.Con
servatives, a gain of nineteen for the Re
publicans. .
Among Men Elected Are Two
Sons of Presidents of
the Republic.
? — - —
PARIS, July 22.— The elections. for the
Elections in Provinces
for French Councils
General.
GAINS MADE BY
MINISTERIALISTS
Beer and Other Intoxicants to Be Had by the Keg or the Mug Under
i Guise of Root Beer, and Drunken Girls and Young Men Desecrate the
Sabbath Day With Their Boisterous Conduct and Offensive Language
TWO BOYS SHOT
BY COMPANIONS
Berkeley Lad Gets a Bul
let Through His
Hand.
Norman Robbins Walks Sev
eral Miles With Leaden
Pellets in His Leg.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, July 21.
The days when boys go out Into the
country a\i get shot by companions have
arrived, '/ncre are two lads, one In Oak
land and one in Berkeley, who were punc
tured with lead by companions. In each
case the shooting was entirely an acci
dent. • ; . ¦ ¦ : '• .
A party of prominent Berkeley resident
are camping in Wild Cat Canyon, the
famin>? of Charles Spear, Port Warden of
San Francisco, and Thomas Dowd. Trus
tee of the Town of Berkeley, being in one
camp. Fred Spear, the son of the Port
Warden, and Albert Dowd, son of the
Town Trustee, were practicing with a 22
caliber rffie yesterday afternoon, when
yourgr Dowd accidentally shot Spear in
the left hand. The wound was not seri
ous, hut the boy was brought to Berkeley
for treatment in order to prevent any
danger from blood poisoning. The acci
dent was not serious enough.to break up
the camp, but young Spear will carry his
arm in a sling for some time.
Norman Rcbbins. who lives with his
parents at 5115 Broadway, went hunting
with a party of young boys yesterday.
They went over the hills toward Contra
Costa County, but did not get very far
before the accidental discharge of a gun
lodped a !"->ad of shot in the leg of young
Robbins. The wound is not dangerous, but
the boy showed great fortitude. He band
aged tho I*»c. with th*e aid of his compan
ions, and then walked back to his home.
This reused him great pain, but he did
not fr.lfer and reached home faint and ex
hausted.
LONDON TRADERS
MORE CHEERFUL
Stock Exchange Remains
Steady Despite Ad
verse Reports.
?
LONDON. July 21.-The Stock Ex
change, after beginning the week that
has just passed with about the worst pos
sible prospects, ended it with a decidedly
more cheerful tone. Among the numerous
depressing influences which marked the
earlier part of the week were the adverse
reports from Peking, the drought, the
steel strike in the United States and to
the growing: disgust in Great Britain of
the weak and the seemingly ineffective
administration of the South African war.
The -capture of the Reitz-Steyn corre
spondence had a more exhilarating effect
upon London traders than the facts
seemed to warrant, having In •view the
circumstances that the captured letters
contained much ancient history, and the
further circumstance that so little In the
way of real advance has been made since
May 1. However, Kaffirs had been want
ing a tangible excuse to advance for some
time and the capture of the correspond
ence answered the purpose.
There is a general feeling, also, that the
war cannot possibly continue much long
er and that therefore, whoever wishes to
profit by the advance which will follow
the conclusion of the war must secure
Africans earls*.
The general situation was helped by the
confidence displayed In New York In spite
of the steel strike and by the announce
ment of the adjustment of the Northern
Pacific dispute.
London, as has been usual recently, fol
lowed New York's lead in the American
section. On the other hand, home rails
realized about the worst prophecies as to
the half-year dividend and the showing
of other industrials was either, stagnant
or only slightly higher, with the excep
tion of Bryant and May shares, which
fell off 13 points, as a result of. what is
regarded as the surrender of the directors
to the Americans.
Consols recovered 2 points from the ex
treme decline.
The Bank of England's reserve Is now
nearly £25.000.000 and Is Increasing. Money
is decidedly lower.
LAKE BOAT STRUCK
• BY LIGHTNING AND LOST
Crew of Large Schooner or Barge
Believed to Save
Perished.
MARINETTE. Wis.. July 21.-During a
severe electrical storm to-day a boat sup
posed tc be a large schooner or steam
barge was struck by lightning and de
stroyed by fire, and her crew is thought
to have been lost. The Hghtkecper at
Menominee saw the boat burning just
south of Green Inland. He called up the
local fire tug and the latter started out
to render any assistance possible. When
about three miles out all signs of the
boat on fire suddenly disappeared, and an
examination afterward showed no wreck
age. The nearest land is Green Island
and the crew, if they escaped with their
lives, would have gone there. There was
a heavy sea running and it would have
been Impossible for a small boat to live
in It. The boat was on her way here
from the Sturgeon Bay canal, and was
undoubtedly one of the Chicago or Mil
waukee lumber carriers. Communication
with Sturgeon Bay to-night fails to es
tablish the Identity of the lost craft-
Making: Trouble ,for Exporters.
WASHINGTON. July 21.— In a com
munication to the State Department Con-
sul Warner at Leipsic, Germany, states
that it is reported that the Reichstag will
pass a law compelling American exporters
to Germany to make out Invoices covering
the shipments, these invoices to be
authenticated by the German Consul in
the United States In whose, district the
goods are produced. * It Is alleged that
euch a -course will help- the officials in
perfecting the- statistics of the Imports
from the jjnltefi States.. It will, it is stat
ed_~also another obstacle in the
way of American exports to Germany.
MINING FIELDS
WIN INVESTORS
Money Put Into Work
of Extensions and
Purchases.
Development Goes on With
. Briskness While the
Water Runs.
New mining enterprises and the exten
sion of operations by old companies are
reasonably numerous and fairly large.
! Closely following the news of the deal in
volving the Sweepstakes property comes
a report of the location by a San Fran
cisco company of 1300 acres in Trinity
County, between Rush Creek and Browns
Creek. The company has secured 5000
Inches of water and will carry it through
', Buckeye Mountain by tunnel. In the
j mother lode country there is some stir
; over the copper proposition known as the
i Moon mine, on Stony Creek, about six
miles from Jackson. Copper indications
'have teen, traced some distance. Going
' to the southern country the indications of
i interest are also marked. Two deals of
i some size are reported to be pending in
j San Barnardino County. The properties in
• volved are the O. K. mine of Virginia
! Dale and copper mine Oro Grande. In
j the first instance 5250,000 is reported to be
j the price. Salt Lake people are the re
¦ puted purchasers of the copper proper
ties; the price is not mentioned. All
i along the line there Is a marked revival
! of interest as compared with the fcondl
i tions of one year ago.
I . To Renew Tin Mining.
j Another attempt will be made to ' pro
j due tin xin paying quantites In Califor
! nia. The Temescal tin property, in the
{ Temescal Mountains, south of Corona,
1 has not been operated for some years. It
j was cwned by a syndicate. " A new loca- ,
tion to search for tin has been selected by
! Los Angeles people. It Is in Orange
County, on the south slope of the Temes
cal Mountains.
The water supply in Tuolumne County
is reported to be good for some months
yet: in fact, until late into the season.
There Is a large quantity of snow In the
) high Sierras yet to melt. Some of the
j mine superintendents say that they will.
have sufficient water to run until fall.
Tho .property of the Melones Mining
j Company, according to -the Magnet, has
I been bonded for $4<XM)00 to raise money to
carry out improvements. Work has be
gun on the first twenty stamps for the
biff mill. . .
The Beatrice mine, near Murphys, Cal
averas County, will resume. A force of
men Is doing the preliminary work. The
old Calaveras mine, is being pumped out.
The Amador Record says:
The new mining: enterprise at Upper Ran
cheria Is progressing In good shape. Fifteen
men are employed and machinery capable of
crushing 250 tons per day of the cement gravel
is belns installed. It is claimed that if the
gravel yields only *1 or so per ton It will prove
a paying proposition. That section of the
county was noted for its gold deposits in early
days, but of late years only in a small way
has any mining been carried on. Eastern peo
1 pie are behind the rresent enterprise. C. H.
i Richards of New York, who makes his head-
I quarters at this place. Is general manager for
the company. In addition to their other hold-
I ings Mr. Richards has Juet completed for his
company the purchase of the "W. H. Glenn
ranch, mining ground and ditches, consisting
of 10S acres.
A. G. Stephens of Oakland has pur
chased the Tonzi mine in the Mt. Echo dis
trict. Amador County, the price being
$30,000. Stephens represents a syndicate.
The Amador Dispatch says: /
Captain W. H. Glenn of Upper Rancherla
was In Jackson Tuesday having the records
searched and -papers 'prepared for- the transfer
I of his gravel mining ground in Rancheria dis
trict to a New York company. Captain Glenn
¦was associated In the ownership of the prop
erty with Messrs. Bray and Barling, and they
have disposed of their Interests also. The
claim is known bs the old Blue Gravel Lead,
and is both a surface and deep mine.
Decision Is Interesting 1 .
United States Judge Wellborn : has de
cided at Los Angeles that mining and
smelting: companies are subject to the
rights and privileg-es of the bankruptcy
laws and may be thrown into bankruptcy
upon petition, exactly as any other manu
facturing concern. The Los Angeles Times
gives an account of the facts in the case
in which the decision was rendered as fol
lows:
The Question came up In the bankruptcy pro
ceedings of the Tecopa Mining- and Smelting
Company, In which one of the creditors, T. A.
Brown of San Bernardino, asked that the ad
judication be set aside on the ground that min
ing and smelting companies did not come
under the act, which lists those persons and
corporations' that are amenable, and does not
include mining and smelting. E. T. Dunning
of the "Wholesalers' Board of Trade appeared
as attorney of the creditors who wished to
have the company declared bankrupt, and ar
gued' that £ melting was manufacturing. This
view was upheld by Referee Stephens, who
handed down a long opinion showing that the
producing of "pig" or bullion from ore Is ac
tually forming something useful with the aid
of hands and machinery, and hence is clearly
manufacturing. This opinion does not. how
ever, carry with it, according to the wording
of the findings of fact and law, the proposition
tfcat mining alone is manufacturing.
According to the Shasta County Demo
crat the management of the Mount Shasta
Mines Company is negotiating for the pur
chase of more land. Recently the company
purchased from Joseph Kahny and D.
Lees a one-quarter interest in 120 acres
of land on both sid'es of Clear Creek, ad- :
joining the Mount Shasta property and
owned by Kahny, Lees, N. D.' Fowler and
H. M. Le Baron. It is tne three-quarter
interest of Fowler and Le Baron that the
Mount Shasta people are now negotiating
for. It is said the company desires this
property so they can put in a power plant
on Clear Creek with which to furnish
power for the new mill and machinery
which is to be installed at the Mount
Shasta mine. : . • . : -•
"Working on Properties.
The Mountain Democrat reports that the
new twenty-stamp mill at the River Hill
mine is completed. The River Hill Com
pany has begun development work on the
Lucky Star mine, one of the properties
recently acquired by the company at Pov
erty Point.
The Calumet mining property near Kes»
wick will be operated again, so says the
Redding Free Press. The mill was recently
destroyed by fire; Almarin B. Paul and
Dr. W. H. Garlick are Interested In the
property. The mine has been. idle about
ten years.
A review of the history of the mines of
I^eadvllle is made by the Dally Mining
Record,' "published at Colorado Springs.
The first gdld to. be discovered in the Lead
vllle district was- found in 1861, In the sum
mer, at the headwaters of the Arkansas
River, which later became known as Cal
ifornia. Gulch. Since then rover $20,000,000
in gold has been taken from the aurifer
ous beds, which- are still yielding, gold.
The first important discovery of carbon
ates-was' made'at' Fryer Hill, occurring
first as rich chlorides of silver, lying In
blanket formation immediately under the
Burface. In the last -.decade large gold
bodies have been discovered In ¦ the same
locality. The Record makes the claim
that Leadvllle has produced $250,000,000 and
is now breaking Its past record. ;; '
The Pacific Coast Miner sees a great
boom for the gold-dredging - industry ,-in
the north: ... •_. .
The pold 4 dredging Industry may ¦ count 'on
being helped by the attention being drawn' td
the Trinity County gravel deposits by the re-'
cent important sale of the Sweepstakes prop
erty ana the succeeding development. Trinity
County has enormous deposits of auriferous
cravtla and a great amount of them is very
favorably adapted to gold dredging, aa success
ful dredging has proved. .The more the atten
tion of capital is turned to these great placer
fields the more gold dredges will be Installed,
To Sail for Philippines.
BERKELEY. July 21.— Thirty-seven
University of California men and women
wili- sail Tuesday on the transport
Thoma? for the Philippine Island, where
they will take Government positions aa
teachers. The transport will carry COO
teacher* and a cargo of school sup
plies. The following named CaHfornians
wIlT sail: Dolores Machado. Euphemia
Palcton, Laura L. Donnelly. Lucy C.
Mount, Gertrude McVenn, Stella Price,
Ava Lloy Galpin, Estella M. Murdock.
Luclle Keyes. Margaret C. Thomas, Julia,
M. ? .Abbott. Anna Dunlan, Harriet A.
BoWIes, Ben F. Wright. E. E. Chrlsten
sent T.,D. Mansfield, Irving Needham, H.
C. White. G. A. Bond. T. A. Gamble. A.
B. 'Anderson. C. E. Putnam, W. C. /Spen r
cerv Ray Ho well, J. A. Mackenzie, J. A.
GaromiU, F. W. Abbott, Charlotte E.
Kesle. Benjamin CL - Bleasdale, G. W.
Campbpll, ' Guy Van Schalck, Almira
Kelshaw, R.^ B. Vaile, Ralph, Warden,
Luclnda P. Nelson. Jacqueline Newton
and Theodore de Laguna.
Contract for Naval Monument.
The contract for the erection of the citi
zens^ naval monument in -.Union square
was recorded Saturday. Thg sarties to
the contract are James D. Phelan. R. H.
Fletcher and William G. Stafford, com
posing the committee having the erection
in charge, and the Raymond Granite Com
pany. The monament:.~ls • to cost • $21,800,
and is a copy.pnVa reduced scale of the
Waterloo monument, Trafalgar square,
London."*It trtll comrncmoratethe 'naVal
victory In Manila Bay. N. J. Tharp is the
architect.
Locomotive Fireman Drops Dead.
OAKLAND,- July 21.— August Oensljurg,
a fireman. «mp!oy«<J "by the Southern Pa
cific Company, dropped dead at his home,
M3 Harrison street, to-night. " Dearth came
without the slightest warning. He leave?
a wife and several children.
UPPER FRUITVALE RESORTS THRIVE
DESPITE REVOCATION OF LICENSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt,' MONDAY, JULY 22, 1901.
OAKLAND, July 21.— Regardless of
the fact that they had been shorn
of their licenses to sell intoxicating
liquors, all but lone of the pro-,
prietors of the Upper Frultvale
resorts kept open house to-day. Beer and
other intoxicants were to be had in any
thing from a keg to a mug under the
guise of "root beer." Young boys and
women reeled around in a drunken con
dition in Tepper's place yelling lustily, but
there were none of the disgraceful scenes
that have characterized Upper Frultvale
during the summer months. Comparative
'quiet reigned on account of the few peo
ple who visited the place, many -being un
der the impression that the. joints were
closed for good. ' .
Tepper's and Bauhoffer's places were
run in violation of the law. The li
censes of the proprietors have been re
voked by the Board of Supervisors, yet
they continue the sale of liquors.
R. E. Taylor, who also lost his license,
alone obeyed the mandate of the Super
visors by keeping his doors locked.
RKSORTS IN UPPER FRUITVALE,
WHERE BOISTEROUS CONDUCT
DISTURBS QUIET OP SABBATH.
9THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 22, 1901.
10
CARPET BE ATI XG /^^J^^^^i
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send ' to SPAULDING' S pioneer - Carpet-beat-
lng "Works. 353-357 Tehama Bt. ; teL South 40.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-bfc^tlng Works,
833 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at;
' tel. Main 394. GEO..WALCOM. Proprietor. '
CITY • Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
.STEVENS. Mgr.. 88-40 Sth et; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlhg Co., 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st : telephone Jessie 944.
CHIROPODISTS. '
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, -warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE! W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market Bt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$20— COTTAGE; 2623 Bush st. ; 5 rooms, bath;
large, sunny yard. _________?
$.17— COTTAGE 5 rooms, bath. Key 711 Treat
avenue. •
DENTISTS. .
AT the ELECtI^-DENTAiTcLINIC. 809 Mar*
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
•without plates our specialty; gold - crowns,
$3 SO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 3 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or lillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 GO; fillings,
60c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st. — Work done
on weekly installments: lowest rates.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg. •
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R.L.WALSH,815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Palii-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st:, corner Sixth..
SET of teeth without -plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. . *"' ¦
detective\agexcies. ,
McCABE'S Deteceive Agency handlemTTegit^
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels i building,
rocms 323-324. San Francisco; tel. South 3S1.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmakins & ' Millinery School—
Clara rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st. ¦¦¦¦
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$S per month: $Z0 life" scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
• ing, bookkeeping, cm'I arithmetic, c6m'I law,
penmanship, etc.; experienced teachers; new
typewriters; positions secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bids.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A-THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell Bt..
MERRILL- MILLER College-Shorthand, 'typ-
ingr, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-43, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.minlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course ot Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping; figures: short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
High School students — The "Weekly Geometry Pa-
pers make home study easy; circulars. 3040 16th.
PIANO and German; pupil of Leipsic Conserva-
tory; lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing, ]
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MARY P. Westhaus; piano," mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. 3. F. ;
founded 1S63; nejv 80-page catalogue free.
MEDICAL hypnotism taught to students of
both sexes; chronic functional nervous dis-
eases and habits cured. Suite 5, 141 Powell.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC. .-.-:
Electric-Chemlc medication- cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood and constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
EXCHANGE.
WHAT have you got to offer for this? Fine
2-story house of 7 rooms, bath, etc. ; lot 50x
130; street work all done; electric cars pass
. the property; only 2 blocks from railroad sta-
tion; within walking distance of new High
School and university. Apply to FRED H.
CLARK. £03 California St. third floor. -
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment offlce —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER, stylish and perfect fitter, de-
sires engagements by the day or at home;
ladies'- tailoring a specialty. 511 Taylor st,
; near Post. ¦ ¦ -¦•
YOUNG , woman wishes place In ¦ family of
three adults; light housework; kind treat-
ment"; wages reasonable. Address box' 4481,
Call offlce. •- ¦ - ¦¦¦¦ . . ''-.-.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation as
housekeeper in a respectable family. Address
MRS. BRADLEY, Women's Shelter, Salva-
tlon Army. . - -
STRONG, willing woman; great houeecleaner;
can do most any kind of worMfc good refer-
ences; wages $1 per day and car fare. 88
Third, room 10, upstairs; good flannel washer.
MIDDLE- AGE'D woman wants situation to do '
light housework. 118 Grant ave., second
floor, room 26. - ¦ .
EXPERIENCED lady desires institution work,
as attendant or nurse; children or adults.
Address box 4482, Call offlce. v
YOUNG woman would like a place to do gren-
' eral . housework in' a nice family," $.25. Box
' 8950. Call office. -.-.,'
GOOD cook wishes general housework In pri-
vate family: country preferred; .references.
Call 910 Folsom st. near Fifth.. '
DRESSMAKER from New York wishes engage-
ments in families; beautiful -gowns made in
the latest designs; satisfaction guaranteed.'
. 802 Geary st . •- . _.
SITUATION by a German woman to do house-
work by the day or week and sleep home; 60o
a day and car fare. Box SS81, Call office. .
SWEDISH girl wishes a position to do general
housework. . Call Monday from 9 a. m. to 3
p. m. at 12S»/_ Ninth st /
A GERMAN woman wishes work at washing
and house cleaning by day. M. G., 629 Post
st, downstalrg. . . .¦ .-' . ;"-; " - .
COMPETENT French girl wishes a position to
do second work and sewing; references; coun-
try. . Box 3867, Call ofHce. ' .V v. ':..-. -¦
COMPETENT woman; has boy 8 years ;. wants
position; charge of boarding, rooming or pri-
vate house; not afraid of work; references.
Box 4487, Call offlce. '
WANTED— A young lady would like to obtain
a position as assistant bookkeeper; has had
some experience; object is practice; $9 to % 10
: per week. Address Berkeley, . box 3891, Call..
JAPANESE Girl wants situation as first class
cook; understands all kinds -of- cooking;
. wages $6 up per week preferences. Address
H. K.. 810& Stockton st . . . . . . ¦ I
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
. ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from»ferry. ~>
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
7 received at | Call . branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore. .
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has : been / established at ' 109< I
.Valencia «t ¦ •• - •-¦¦•- ¦ "¦- -y-\
8A5 FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franclsct
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: ©pea
until 1! o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery ftreet,
eomer Clay; open until S:30 p. n».
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. in.
(33 McAllister street; open until 3:30 p. «.
C15 Larkln Etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
:»41 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
22G1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: opes
until 9 p. zn.
106 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. ra.
1036 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.. /
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtreets: open until 9 p. n_ :"/.y-
2200 Fillmore etreet: open until 9 p. m. ¦
MEETHfC NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery _•>•.¦
No. 16, K. T.. 625 Sutter st— Special raU"
assembly THIS EVENING at 8 O
©"clock. Order of Red Cross. All fra- <W
ters are courteously invited. . •
H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH, Recorder. '¦
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. ft
M.— THIS (MONDAT) EVENING at -_f^,
7:45 o'clock. Third degree. Master lC jK.
Masons cordially Invited. By order of / '
the W. M. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
PARKER Lodge No. 124. I. O. O. -$_*2!2>
F. — Members will meet in their
hall on TUESDAY. July 23. at 1
o'clock, to attend the funeral of <*w»w>
Brother J. B. McGILVARY.
W. T. LYOX. N. G.
A. O. H.. Div. Xo. 2 — Officers and mem- B^-sS^Sk
bers of this division are hereby notl
fled to attend the funeral of our late JaW_f
brother. PATRICK O'BIUEN, TO CCJ&&
MORROW (TUESDAY). 9:30 a. nx. «ri«
st his late residence, 4 Norton place, between
Flloert and Greenwich EtF. <By order of
JOHN KE?~;y. President
T. L. CLANCY, Rec. Sec.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association— The
Fbove association v. Ill hold its regular annual
t.Jcnic on SUNDAY. August 4, 190L at Shell
Mounfl Park. Berkeley. Very valuable gate
prizes are to be given, including a Domestic
6«-wlng machine.
HEV. W. E. COPELAND, president Co-opera-
tive Brotherhood, from Burley. Washington.
Trill deliver addresses on "Co-operation" at
lower Scottish Hall. 117 Larkln st, Tuesday
and Friday evenings, July 23 and 26; public
Invited.
ANNUAL meeting — The Rlsdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works — The annual ranting of the
stockholders of the Rlsdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works for the election of trustees for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such
other busine-eps as may be brought before the
meeting will be hell at the offlce of the com-
pany, southeast corner of Beale and Howard
Us.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the 5th
day of August, 1901. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting.— Regular annual meeting of
the ftockholders of the Spreckels Sugar Co.
will be held at the offlce of the company, 327
Market Bt.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the
S»th day of July, at the hour of 11 a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of -directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of tuch other business as may come
before the meeting. The transfer books will
¦ close on Friday. July 26. 1P01. at 3. p. m.
W. H. IIANNAM, Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
PERMANENT position awaits a good sales-
man: must earn more than $100 per month;
an ex-school teacher, insurance, typewriter
or book salesman preferred. Pacific News-
paper Union. 927 Market St., S. F.
LADIES and gents for quick selling artiel*;
city and country. Agents' Supply. 1219 Va-
lencia Et.
ADOPTIOy.
INFANTS adopted into good homes. MRS.
DR. FUXKE. MIC Eighth st.. Alameda.
ASPHALTCM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred; postal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 160T.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free;dlvorces private;bankruptcv; col-
lections ;attachments ; mortgages; bills o*f sale;
partnerships :deeds; wills drawn ;fees low -open
fve's. THURSTON. lOOS^ Mkt.. r. 4. op. 5th.
ADVICE fre«>: divorce law a specialty; private;
no f** without success; collections G W
HOWE, atty at law. 8S0 Market. cor.Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. J.
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister Bt. rooms -8-29.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful W
W. DAVIDSON. 1)27 Market Et. opp. Mason!
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S2T Mar^
ket st; consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOARDING FOB CHILDREN.
i OR 3 children to board, week or month: beEt
care ;gnnny yard :nr.sehooi ;re_s onable.1607 CaL
CHILD to board; age from 3 to S; can give
reference. Box 2277. Call office. Oakland.
BOOKS — K_W AXD OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought Tel? RetfSSi.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-70? Mission Bt.
nUSIXESS CHANCES.
A— *600; SALOON, established many " years*Tn
choicest business part of this city: low rent;
investigate at once and you will find a first-
class paying b-^iness. Call R. G. WILKE,
te\j Kearny st
A— J1000; GENERAL merchandise store with
coal and hay yard, .across the bay; estab-
lished many years and doing a splendid busi-
ness. Call R. Q. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— J900: SALOON, with 4 furnished rooms 4th
and Market ets.; net rent 122; rare chance-'
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2800; STATIONERY, dry goods and Tankee
notions, with laundry route and route of all
S. F. dalllee. across the bay, or will sell
paper and laundry routes for $1500. Particu-
lars R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1300; HALF Interest Baloon on Kearny et..
clearing $300 per month; lease; rare chance
Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st '
A— $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant* one
block south of Market st ; dally receipts from
$90 up: clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26>4 Kearny st
A— $1250; CORNER transfer saloon in the very
best location: established 10 years; rent $40;
death In family cause of sale and a great eac-
riflce. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et
A— $1500; FIRST-CLASS in prices and first-class
paying restaurant close to Chronicle building;
fcome. investigate and you will find a splen-
did Investment Call R. G. WILKE 26V-
Kearny Bt '..-.'-..
CANDY store; thoroughly established and do-
Ing a fine business; references, wholesale
houses owner buys from: the best business
offer for the money in the city.
6CHWEINHARD. 917 Market st
100 CIGAR stands. 200 candy stores. 300 grocer-
ies and bars, 400 saloons, 600 bakeries, 600
rtorea of all kinds; hundreds of businesses to
choose from: call In and see what we can
oger. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market
$325— AN upright piano, used one month.
J1O0O— A fine shoe store; good location.
$1000— Partner: printing bus.; $6000 year clear.
$325— A fine delicacy store; Mission.
GOLDSMITH & PEDLAR, r. 224. 927 Market.
$260— CORNER rsaloon; good paying business-
trial given. Mclaughlin & co.. 777U
Market 6t. -.'-. • ?*
$225— BRANCH bakery ana variety etore; fam-
ily rooms. Mclaughlin & co.. 77714 Mar-
ket st; established 25 years.
NOTE— A corner saloon In a good location for
eale at a bargain. Including building and fix-
tures. 400 Townsend st; no agents.
$200— RESPECTABLE young lady desire, truet-
¦worthy partner in plain cash business; clears
$209 per month. Address box 37S2. Call offlce.
EHOEMAKERS. attention !!!— For sale cheap
In Pope Valley, 12 miles from St Helena a
complete outfit o£ tools and stock of leather-
also house 16x18 with all utensils for house-
keeping; cause of selling, old age and sick-
ness. Inquire of L. GOTTLIEB, 715 Bush Et
city.
PARTNER wanted in an old-established art
. Btore: must be sober, industrious and of un-
questioned Integrity; amateur artist or
familiarity with kodac supplies preferred;
omall capital required to the. right party.
Address box 3S90, Call office.
BARBERS — Beet I-chair shop in Kan Jose; all
new furniture; must be sold before August 1;
Investigate. Afldresa A. F. NOFTZ, 12 East
- Ban Fernando Et., San Jose. Cal.
$1500— ESTABLISHED stationer}' Ind frame
.Ftore in best locality, or $800 half Interest;
must sell on account of sickness. Address bos
448S. Call office.
A BARGAIN— Fine location, lodging house or
transient, with saloon, dancing hall and
bowling alley. Box 2786, Call office.
ELEGANT drug store; good town; 2 hours'
ride from city: cheap; sickness cause sale.
Owner, 112 Perry -t
ETORE and 2 furnished rooms; all light; op-
* posJte school; cell cheap; rent $11; no agents.
1133 Mission Et
FOR SALE— Corner grocery and • bar; 4 well
furnlfthed rooms In rear; no agents. Inquire
1118 Market st • ¦ ¦
BIO opening; moderate capital wanting: value
for Investment Al, 109 California, r. 26, aft
COAL yard for eale cheap; central location.
PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall Square.
$350 — GROCERY and bar: 4 nice living rooms.
Apply $184 Twenty-third «t.
" PUSITOSSCHAJfCES — Continued.^
W ANTED— An honest ana sober partner with
$3000 in an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend ' to corre-
sponding, etc; cash receipts about $1500 to
$2000 per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician, 1071J4 Mar-
ket st. San Francisco. .. .-
$1000— OLD-ESTABLISHED stationery bazaar,
school supplies and candles; sunny living
rooms;, north of Market; near echools; cost
$1500; owner leaving city; no agent Box
SS15. Call office. - -¦ "
BRANCH bakery and notion business in a fine,
location: all cash trade: very low rent; liv-
ing-rooms: very cheap if taken this month.
Apply 1727 . Market Bt. restaurant ,
$250— GROCERY and bar; one of the best pay-
Ing corners in the city; death cause of this
sale. CONNORS & SONS, 993 Market St.,
rooms 1 and 2. • « - ¦ -
DELICACY store; must be sold or given away;
6S5 Valencia st. Proprietor, 36 Geary st, room
6. between 9 a. m. and 1 p. m.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar; corner Twenty-
eighth and Church; hall upstairs; rent $30;
must be sold on account sickness.
$400— PARTNER wanted to start laundry busl-
ness. 1421 Point Lobos ave.
CANDY store for sale cheap; proprietor sick.
Box 2810, Cal. '
$750— RESTAURANT in factory district; bar-
galn on account of departure. Box 4455 Call.
FOR sale — Small oyster stand; a bargain. Call
8 a. m. to 4 p. in., 41S"i Larkln Et
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
LODdlXG-HOUSBS FOR. ' SALE.
h^^decketC^7^^
1020 Market st, opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 790.
26 Years In Business in This City "..
Offers for Sale and Exchange
100 rooming-houses, 10 to 500 rms., $50 to J25.000
160 lodging-houses, 6 to 600 rms., $100 to. 20,000
40 flats, 3 to 12 rooms, $80 to 750
B0 private homes, 6 to 25 rooms, $90 to.. 2,000
31 boarding-houses, 10 to 100 rms.,- $550 to 10,000
20 hotels. 40 to 200 rooms, $1000 to 8.000
40 grocery stores, $400 to.... — 6,000
20 candy stores, $300 to
40 saloons. $400 to 6,000
10 cigar stores. $300 to 1,000
600 other businesses, all kinds, $100 to'.. 20,000
100 vacant lots, $25 rfo 8,000
75 houses and lots, everywhere, $600 to.. 50,000
6 chicken ranches, $400 to 1.700
to ranches, everywhere. $300 to A.. 14,000
..To Buv, Sell or Exchange Anything Call..
1 can suit you. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market
A. CAMERON & CO.. *¦
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush S2S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
63 r.;» downtown apartment house $3500
50 r.; corner; rent $125; perm.; trans, rmrs. 1800
24 r. : rent $110; good fur. and carp; Al loc 1900
Money loaned -on deferred payments; 1V£ p. c.
20 r. ; rent $75; new carp.; part hskpg 1200
15 r. : rent $57 £0; fur., loc. good; bargain. 900
12 r. ; rent $10; good house; sickness; rede'd 423
6 rms.; rent $25; new hardwood fur 375
"Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
MARION GRIFFIN, money to' loan. '
719 Market st, by Call bldg. Tel. Black 1803.'
9 rooms: rent $25; Income- $125 $700
41 rooms; 2 blocks N of Mkt.: rent $100.. 1700
60 rooms; rent $170; fine apartments 2500
14 roows; % cash; rent $40 450
Call at office for list; above are only samples.
: ATTENTION. BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house in
the city and pay for it
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.' '
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
FISHER & CO.", 935 Market; phone Folsom 1312.
75 rooms; price $5000 42 rooms; price $3300
26 rooms; price 1900 30 rooms: price 2250
34 rooms; handsome; rent only $60; price.. J750
2 rooms; elegant: rent only $60: price $1500
We have over 200 more, any location, kind
or price, at bargains and hurried sales.
MORTGAGED HOUSE MUST SELL.
14 rooms; central; paying $650
16 rooms; cheap rent; part cash 600
20 rooms; near Market st 1200
35 rooms: reduced to — G50
42 rooms: clears $100 1700
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market St.
THE larrest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEIN'HARD.
Xo. 917 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
Phone Mint 1911.
SELECT your house from the largest list In
town— Rooming houses and hotels, from $100'
to $50,000: hundred* to choose from. WALTER
HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
LIST your lodging houses, saloons, groceries,
restaurants, etc., with us. We have bryers
even-where. Calif. Business Assn., 865H Mkt.
1350— LODGING-HOUSE 10 rooms, furnished.
?64'i Mission st. -
14 ROOMS; sunny corner; reasonable. 335
Third st.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun.. Tues., FrL, 8 p. m.. 50c; you can speak
to your spirit friends face to face and recog-
nize them; give names; has received medals
from many countries; taken last world's
record medal at Paris Fair. 1CS4 Bush; tel.
£275 Larkln st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant:
treats, cures pick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough: Ellis-
st car: git. $1: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business— MRS. DR. FARNHAM.
the world-renowned spiritual medium: advice
in' all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces,
deaths; unites the separated: mining a- spe-
cialty; circles Sun.. "Wed., Fri. eve.; letters
answered. Residence (no signs). 38 McAllister.
JOHN SLATER— Circles. 25c; Sun.. Mon. Fri.
eves., 8:15; Wed. aft. 2:45; Bit. 10 to 4 except
Eat & Sun. 1803 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis— Readings dally;
seance Sun., Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. H
THE FAMOUS.
Clairvoyant and busines* medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur.ln the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-,
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
A— LINCOLN CLAIRVOYANT AND
-= HIGH PSYCHIST
He tells your. name, condition,- desire, hopes,
- etc.. without asking a single question: cures
diseases without medicine; shows, you how to
avoid had luck and how to make yourself
'lucky; reunites the;separated; makes harmony
In your home; gives accurate advice on all
business affairs; investments, mining, oil; read-
ings by mall; send stamp for terms. 125 Turk.
_____________________ _-_
Mme. Montacue, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives advice in all affairs of ( life; gives
names, facts, figures, with full predictions in
ell love affairs; not cne failure; letters ans-
wered. 118 Turk st, flat 1.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
'with special terms. Daily and Sunday. . ]
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; ne»er fails; has the greatest Egyp.
tlan secret; shows picture of future husband
or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 215*4 Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double, veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit, $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. SANDERS, 127 Mason, medium; teaches
palmistry and mind' telegraphy; advice on all
business; 4 questions by mail, $1; hr's, 12 to 8.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to S p. m.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant,. medium;
sittings daily. 9 a-m. to 8 p.m.; 50c; English,
German and. French spoken. 215 Leavenworth.
UP to date; Mme. Richards, astrological palm-
ist and reader of human destiny; never falls;
25c nnd 50c. 1203 Mission _t.~ cor. 8th. ;
MME. CARLSON, medium and astrologlst:
horoscopes cast; lessons given, -EOc; hours 11
to 1 and 4 to 6^. 148 Sixth st. room '22. '
MME. LAROSE. -best clairvoyant,' card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson st., cor.6th.
MME.WALTERS. great card" reader: ladles~25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
Mrs.Mallory.datrvoyant card reader; when oth-
. ers fall consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c. 917 Howard.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles 25c. gents 50c. 132 Sixth st. * :
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana,
.only 10c. 262 Minna st.,.near Fourth. ,
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11, 6th;German spoken; tel. Ho ward 1846.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME.' 6CHAFFER, clairvoyant ¦ card " reader:
sittings dally. 443V4 Jessie st. bet Eth and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
. advice; names glren: 25c up. ; 5 Fourth »t". .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and aubscrtptlona
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore Bt
HELP WASTED— MALI5— Con.
WANTED— Reliable man to drive milk wagon;
reference and security; -$60 per month. 2200
; Point Lobos ave.. corner Eleventq st
WANTED— Cutter who -understands Dlttmar &
Shaf er system cutting coats to give lesions.
E35 California st, rdlm 8.
WANTED— Boy in tin shop as apprentice; age
16. 533 Mission st. 7 to 10.
COOK and dishwasher wanted; call early; no
Sunday work. 39 Market st. --:.•;
WANTED — Cook. for a small restaurant. 1915
Central ave., bet. California and Sacramento,
ALL sizes men's shoes,, slightly damaged, half
price. 563, Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d eta.
WANTED— Plumber and helper. J. B. BUT-
TERWORTH, 1809 Polk st ¦
LARGE boy for Mission paper route. '.Apply
40 Hill st. 7 p. m - '
WANTED — Boy to run errands to tailor shop.
117 Russ st ' " • I ' ..
PLUMBER wanted this momlns. 8271 _ls-
slon st.- >
COOK and all around man. 29 Fo—— ¦ st.
WANTE_>-Flrst-class second cook; good aal-
ary. 35 Market st
DISHWASHER wanted. 162 First st : $15 a
month. ' ' . ¦
DISHWASHER. 1234 Point Lobo_ ave.; Geary-
et car. "
WANTED— An errand boy. 237- Powell at
BARBER for every Saturday evening and Sun-
day. 1205 Flllmore st N
WANTED— Walter. «15 Grant ava. ¦
SHOEMAKER wanted for custom repairing at
939% Mission at. . j
PAINTER wanted. 8 o'clock Monday. 1632 Pa-
cific ave., near Polk st.
GOOD paying barber shop for sale cheap. 713
Mission st. V" -
ATTENTION— Wanted men at once to learn
the barber trade; In 8 weeks we make you a
Journeyman barber; we prepare you for the
examinations before the Commissioners and
secure you a position; outfit of tools free;
having 100 applications for help we offer tui-
tion almost free. San Francisco Barber Col-
lege. 741 Howard et.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, "U.
S. navy; ablebodled, unmarried men of good
character, between -the ages of 21 and 35: not
less San 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet I
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade; only
8 weeks required; 2 years* -time saved by oar
method; examination and diploma given
free; complete outfit of tools donated; special
Inducements this month. Call or write at
once for special offer and free catalogue. MO-
LER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay Bt
BARBERS, attention— The proprietor of the
.shop at 105 Fourth st having failed to keep
regulation hours Journeymen who accept em-
ployment there are hereby notified that they
will be barred from working: in all 10c shops
conducted by members of the Pacific Coast
Barbers' Association. L. M. GILLE TT. Pres.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
No. 148— Special meeting MONDAY. July 22.
at 8:45 p. m. All members are requested to
attend. By order -of executive board.
A. E. WRAY, President.
I. LESS,' Secretary.
WAREHOUSEMEN, grain handlers and sack
sewers are hereby notified to remain away
from Vallejo, Crockett and Port Costa until
further notice. By order Bay Counties Ware-
housemen's Protective Association No. 9228.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Middle-aged man to do chores on
ranch;. wages from $12 to $15 per month and
' found. Call at 5935 Mission st, opposite
Ocean View.
WANTED — Sober, steady German as driver for
bakery wagon; must have experience; good
wages; state former employment Box 3875.
Call Office.
WANTED— A good sash and door maker;
Humboldt County. Apply to JOHN BKES-
MAN. 810 P_o_well st, city. .
WANTED— Young man with soms money; $30
a month and board; no experience. Restau-
rant. 496 Fourth st. ¦ *
WANTED — Bill clerk in "wholesale house: must
"write good hand and be quick at figures.
Box 3788. Call office. _.
STRONG willing boy about 18 years old as ap-
prentice to - learn Iron molding; must live
home. Apply 814 Kearny Et.
SHOEMAKERS wanted; 'experienced stock fit-
ter; also man to run rounder. Apply fore-
noo'n shoe factory. 103 Mission Bt.
WANTED— A bright 'young man to solicit for
printing house; good hustler. Address A. B.,
S box 3830, Call office. -
WANTED— 10 first-class lathers. $4 50 per day,
which is $1 above union wages. Apply Sut-
ter and Hyde sts.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
WANTED — Cash boy. 14 years of age or over.
Apply at HALE BROS.. 979 Market st.
GOOD boy wanted to learn bookbinding. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay st.
PRESSER on vests. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. 541 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS presser wanted on coats at
HENRY HILPS'. 104-106 Battery Bt.
CARRIAGE painter wanted. • Railroad and
Fifth aves., South San 'Francisco.
BOY wanted for electrical works. * NE. corner
Point Lobos and Fifth avenues.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
RENOVATOR Y pressman; steady work. S63
Geary st -
:00 MEN to buy suits made to order, $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st
GOOD strong boy wanted for publishing house.
MYSELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st.
WANTED— First-class picture frame Joiners.
. 13-17 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st
WANTED— A good photographer and router.
Address box 4438, Call office.
WANTED — 100 quarrymen and rock drillers.
Apply 232 Montgomery st.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart Bt.
BARBER shop for sale; money In sight; $70; a
special bargain. Inquire at Call office.
WANTED— £00 men to buy new and 2d-hand
- army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
"WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at 1096
Valencia st. - •
, HORSES ASP WAGONS.
FOR sale— 1 black horse, 16 hands high. 8 years
old; can trot in 2:40; been driven by a lady;
also rubber-tired buggy and harness; almost
new; also one top buggy; must be sold. Stan-
- ford Stables, 310 Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. ' Grand Arcade Horse Market,
S27 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Anctloneers.
HORSE. $20; horse, $30; large horse, $60; buggy.
$30; cart. $10. 21 City Hall ave.
FOR sale— Horse and wagon; cheap. Call at
5935 Mission st, oposlte Ocean View.
WANTED— Good business horse; also trap or
surrey. J 207 Sansome Bt.^room 1. ¦
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 3 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st. -
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission it
AN A No. 1 exprees wagon, single ; also light
. camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HORSES WASTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 28 Montgom-
" cry t-t.. room 25. • " . ' '•¦
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and. nervous diseases— A few select
. cases will be cared for at Hospital and Sanl-
tarlum, 230 Douglas st. San Francisco. - - .
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
, cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
KEARNY, Ii55. near Greenwich— Small house
6 rooms; rent ?S; water free. Apply G. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
$8— HOUSE of 3 rooms; large yard and cellar;
water free. -174 Hickory ave. -
LOST AND KOUITD. ~~ ~~
LOST— Sunday night, a lady's gold breastpin.
Return to L. A. LARSEN. 1308 Market st;
reward. ' ¦ ' . '
LOST— White English setter bitch with lemon
ears; liberal reward. 1519 Masonic ave. :
LOST— Discharge,'' Issued ; Gulnobatan, ' Luzon,
on Front st . S. F.. last Thursday. Forward
same 1C32 Clay st ; reward $2. -
1.OST AJTD VOXrSli Co-jtlnned. s
LOST— In or near St Nicholas Hotel, a 82d de-
gree' Masonic ring with diamond between _tha
double eagles- owner's name inside. *_aer
will be liberally rewarded by returning torn*
at St Nicholas Hotel. C. P. HANCHETTE.
Wanted-Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nctt*.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet Powell and Ma-on.
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; these who desire to
obtain results promptly: I treat ladles only:
my regulator has no equal: all classes ol la-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinata
case3 are Immediately relieved without patn:
no other treatment will do this; the most alf-
flcult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. (yPONNELL. 1013 Market,
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to glva In-
stant relief for all female complaints; tha
longest and most obstinate cases Immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 11-J
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale a.
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Post st
to 410 O'Farrell: reliable ladles' specialist: 2«
years' successful practice; guar. treatment at
office; any ailment; private home for patient*
before and during confinement; low fees.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never falls; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best care; fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1113 Market, nr. Mason.
Dr. and Mrs. Davies. 1228 Market: our regulatij
1» a treatment that has brought health and
happiness to thousands of suffering women;
office treatment guaranteed; strictly reliable.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. DR. DAVIES'
original method of treatment: maternity
home; stamp for circulars. 1126 Market. S. F.
T. DUFFT'S solution guaranteed to cure all
¦kin diseases. NW cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing toTmarry wealthy Jadiei
send 10c for latent list MR3.HERTZ. 706 Ellis
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st;
tel. Bash 421.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large* stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission St., above Sfc-th; write for catalogue.
THOROUGHBRED Great Danes and St Ber-
nards. . setters, cockers, dachshunde, fox.
Scotch, skye, Yorkshire, silver and bull ter-
riers. Remember the College Kennels has
dogs on hand of all kinds; my stock, Is guar-
anteed. 115 Halght st. r,
Graphophones, Phonographs. Gramophones, J3 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
AIR compressor, 3 sizes. 5, 10, 20 stamp mills;
30 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam,
and water power. J. B. Jardlne. 220 Fremont
BANK counter. 90 feet; cut up to suit: must
sell before August 1. F". G. JONES, 1113
Webster st. Oakland; phone Main 211.
A— BUYS sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st
FOR sale — A 7-horsepower gas engine, still In
good running order. Apply J. J. PFISTER
KNITTING CO.. 413 Polk at
NEW 8 H. P. marine engine and bronze pro-
peller, cost $1"5, $75. Box 22S2. Call office.
Oakland. .
ALL kinds second-hand building material. lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood; lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market st
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
ABOUT 200 homers for sale cheap; A No. 1
birds. Postofflca box 53. San Mateo.
YACHT Catherine for sale; must be sold; owner
going East. Apply SUTTON, 1520 Mission st.
MOVING picture attachments for magic Ian- -
terns. $12 50. 109 Montgomery st
100,000 SECOND bricks at Mission and Anthony
sts.. near Second, and 60CO slates.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second-
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission at
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 321 Mission st
WE pay big prices for ladies* sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market at. San Fran.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO>. 417-423 Sacramento St.
ENGINES and boilers; qecond-hand machln-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 21S California at
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWEL— , 56 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BC—ARD & ERECK, 131 Post St.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— $10,000 wort-Cot ladies' and gentV
cast-off clothing, for which I -will pay the.
highest price; sealskins and full dress suits
a specialty. Box 4491, Call office.
GASOLINE engine immediately; 2% to4V4h.p.:,
mast be In perfect working order. "Write full *
particulars P. LABOUCHEEE-HILLYER,
406 Turk st " ,
WANTED to buy— Second-hand bicycle In good
order. 713 Mission St.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Folsom 2523.
MONEY TO LOAN. "
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market ~vC.
makes loans on second mortgages, undivided
Interests In estates, etc.; also large or small
loans on good ranches; If your' property is
mortgaged and you need more money, don't
fail to see me; "lowest rates; quickest settle-
ments; financial problems of all sorts and
sizes solved by HERMAN MURPHY, 639
Market st.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY ~~Z
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit." City &
Oakland; town & country property, second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests In
rTal estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of abovd securities. Tel. Red 5024 MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO_ 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First second and. third mortgages ,
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st, room 3
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford i to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. : do
not borrow of your friends or you -will loia
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st
ANT proposition, any amount; « per cent; first
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests; corporation loans. R. 16 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN& OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private p!a<* to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
$25,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
SY^Si-. "*£, me bef0r8 *°lnsr elsewhere.
HARPER. 397 Parrott buH«^g. V
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prtvat*
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
; tlaL .Room 3. Conservatory bldg,. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; , no removal ; money
quick; lowest Interest: 'easy terms; nabroker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st, room ta.
MOST reliable 'place to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. . 303 Montgomery »t. r. L
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos; no removal*
low rate: strictly private. Uck. 116 McAllister.
3% on furniture and pianos; $13 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
O F.ffi S^^^^^
M S?V^ T loaD « d salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' E_. 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser- Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building!
low rate. 222 Sansome st. room 2.
T JFiSrmt y i^SS By; 1OaM "* <Uacoaata '
MONEY -WANTED.
— 'ANTEI>-Loan of. $40,000; secured by real
DR. H. G.
% HEtP WANTED-— FEMALE— Con.
WANTED MONDAY MORNING— A very large
number of cooks, second girls, waitresses,
nurses and more than 100 girls for house-
work, for both city and country; all at good
wages; call and secure a good place for work
. at once. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
A- STRONG reliable colored woman to take
care of a physician's offices and residence
and make herself generally useful about the
house. Address box 4480, Call. ¦
FIRST-CLASS finisher; fine custom ¦ pants;
steady work. 628 Montgdmery st, room 38.
top floor.
WANTED— Young lady familiar with book
typewriter; good salary If competent, Box
3949, Call. . . .
WAITRESS wanted, no Sunday work, at 9
Drumm st, near the foot of California.
GIRL for general housework, Alameda, $25; no
washing. Examiner building, room 607. *
GIRL . for general "housework; plain cooking;
wages $15 to $20. . 305 Scott st.
WANTED— Swedish woman, working house-
keeper. . 558 Stevenson st.-in rear. . ;'.-
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. SIS
Third st. --•-.¦, -
GIRL wanted for general housework. Call at
1264 Ellis st.
WANTED— A girl for housework: small fam-
ily; wages. $10. . 2621 Howard st. . ,.
WANTED— Woman for housework. 991-993
i Market st.
WANTED— Good buttonhole finishers on ciis-
tom coats. 927 Market St., room 623.
WANTED— 3 waitresses at 1007 Market at,
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady work at -good wages. Apply at FON-
TANA BRANCH, California Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Francisco and Taylor Eta.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
steady work at "good wages. Apply at CUT-
TING BRANCH, California Fruit Canners*
Association, corner Seventh and Berry sts.
A NEAT young,girl to assist with housework;
no washing; must sleep home. 3573 Twenti-
eth St., near Valencia, •
SHOEFITTERS— Wanted, experienced .table
hands and apprentices. Shoe Factory. 103
Mission st. • .
YOUNG girl for cooking and general house-
work; wages $25. 2721 Clay st, Monday fore-
noon. \
! WANTED— A young girl to work in restaurant.
3 Howard st.; near East. ¦ . •
WANTED— Dignified business woman to travel
for wholesale house. 'Box 4490, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats. BELASCO
* & HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
NEAT girl or woman to do housework; sleep
at home. 120 Twelfth - St. '
WANTED— A German or Scandinavian girt for
general housework and cooking. 1421 Cali-
| - I'ornla st."
2 YOUNG ladles, good appearance, good talk-
ers; salary and commission. 24 Montgomery
Et, room S.-9-11 a. m.
WANTED — A girl for . general housework;
¦ wages $20. Call at 516 Devlsadero st.
GOOD girl wanted to learn bookbinding. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC retouching taught in ona
month; terms reasonable. Apply 17 Fair Oaks.
OPERATORS on shirts & overalls; inexperncd
instructed. Heynemann & Co., 410 Mission.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st.
UELP WANTED— MALI-.
A— MBRRJIT & READY Phone Main CS48
...Leading Employment and. Labor Agents...
.....:. ...Office open 7 a. m. Monday
K. R. Work... Free Fare
...-. .. Ukiah
Cal. N. W. Ry
Santa Fe R. R
...;.. Ukiah
130 teamsters, Ukiah Free Fare
75 laborers, Ukiah Free Fare
50 men to cut right of way, Ukiah, wages $2
to $2 25 day Free Fare
SANTA FE R.R FREE PASS
50 laborers, no experience required, for all di-
¦ visions of Santa Fe Company's own work, be-
tween San Francisco, Bakersfleld and Los An-
geles, wages fl 75 day Free Fare
We Ship To-day on All R. R. Work
MECHANICAL HELP
4 carpenters, rough work. $2 50 day; 2 carpen-
ters for* mine. $2 50 fare $75
Gang edger man, see boss here; .solderer and
man to run capping machine, canning com-
pany; blacksmith, shop, 75c fare, S3 day; 15
blacksmiths and horseshoers, shops, camps
- and ranches, $3 and $2 50, $40 and $50 and f d.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS i.
5 laborers, n» experience, for a mine — ....$60
10 laborers, Shasta Co., $67 50; 15 laborers, S
hsurs' work. $2 day. 35c fare; 10 drillers; 10
. laboreFs". concrete work, $2 day; 500 laborers,
city and country. $150 to $2 50 day. :
15 teamsters. Amador Co $2 and $2 25 day
10 2-horse steamsters, 90c fare :...$2 day
5 teamsters, $34 and found..
LUMBER PILERS— SAWMILLS
10 laborers to pile lumber for a large com-
pany, $35 and found; 15 lumber pliers, sawmill
company, $60;" 25 men to work In lumber
yards, 12 day; 10 laborers, mills and woods;,
crosscut sawyers, woodchoppers and tlemak-
ers. bark peelers, etc f.
.. FARMS— MISCELLANEOUS— DAIRIES ..
150 farmers and men j to work in hay and
harvest, $1 25 to $1 75 day; 4 orchard teamsters,
$26; 5 teamsters, large ranch: 12 choremen and
boys; 3 dairy men, $30 and $40; 9 milkers, $30
to $40; 2 gardeners, private places; stablemen,
$40 and $50; 2 hostlers and buggy washers; 2
young men,' carriage paint shop
HOTEL, ETC., DEPARTMENT
First and ' second cook for mine, $100 and
found; cook,"- country, '$60; second cook, $40
and found; 8 cooks for ranches and camps,
$25 to $45 and found; 2 cooks for dredger, $35
and found; 2 waiters, country jobs, $40 and
found ; 8 waiters for other places, $25 to $35
and found; 16 kitchen hands, dishwashers and
vegetablemen ; 3 bakers; cake baker's, helper,
$30 and found; 4 bakers' helpers, $30 to $40; 3
- porters; butcher, country shop and wagon;
clerk for bakery, city, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S...... 104 Geary st
....Wanted........ Railroad Work....
.......For S. P. and Santa Fe Systems
We Ship Daily
Teamsters Laborers
Tunnelmen Trackmen
For
Ukiah Truckee
, Nevada Bakersfleld
Chatsworth Park
Wages $1 75 to $3 a day
Ship Daily... Free Fare
....:For New Railroad Work. Bakersfleld .
20 four-horse teamsters J2 25
20 two-horse teamsters .' .$2
30 trackmen... ..: $175. $2
Free Fare...... Ship Daily
Planer man." cpuntry sawmill, $50; 6 black-
smiths, country shops, $2 to $3 a day: black-
smith for summer resort. Lake Tahoe, $45
and fare paid; 50 laborers, company work,
country, $2 25 a day; 20 farmers and milkers,
$30 and $25
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .......
. Head, second and third cooks. $100, $60 and
$40; butcher for hotel, Lake Tahoe," $40 and
free fare; chef and second, restaurant, $70
and $50; head cook, second and dishwasher,
country hotel. $120; second cooks, broilers and
' fryers, $60 and $50; 20 dishwashers and kitchen
hands, $30 and $25; waiter, help's hall, for
springs, $20... :....
G colored extra waiters, $1 60 a day
' C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
INSIDE servant, private family, $20; hotel first
' and second cook, $85; restaurant cooks; third
- - hand baker, country. $30 ; second cook, - coun-
* try hotel, $50: waiters, dlshwasherB, porters
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sac-
ramento st. . " .' *• . " ¦
COACHMAN. $35 and found; errand boy, with
bicycle;. 2 hay balers, loo ton; man to drive
delivery "wagon, $50; . milkers, $30; farmers,
$25 and |30; boys for factory, $4 to $6 week:
driver for milk wagon, $35: laundryman and
wife; carpenters, $3 50 day; laborers for mines,
mills and woods, pick and shovel work, quar-
ries, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st. ' \. •-.-•• • ¦ - ¦
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCX :
59 Third st, nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
. '50 teamsters for Ukiah, $2 per day.
E0 railroad laborers for Ukiah, free fare.
. ....No experience required
........Office fee $1, no other expense.
.....FREE FARE
6 harvest hands, $2 a day and board.
R lumber pliers, $35 a month and board. '¦
S men. to feed hay press, $3 to $4 a day.
Laborers, teamsters and milkers.
'.20 laborers, $2 a day. .". '
, 2 experienced trunk makers, ' South, $2 day.
'¦ First cook for mining camp, $60 per month.
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 323 Kearny st.
. 50 R. R. laborers, Ukiah and Santa Barbara,
free fare; 60 laborers, . lumber mill." ship to-
day; ¦ 20 -laborers, : 20 teamsters,' $2 25. • fare
$1 20; floor man for horseshoe shop, $2 60.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, foreman, ' second and third ¦ bread
-bakers; alsoVsonfectloners; good pay; perma-
• nent positions. < 127 Mason st . • ; .
A— PIANO player for springs, $25: free fare
. both ways. . MRS. M. , E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
meets to-night. 8:30, 32 O'Farrell. I. Less. Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
'Free employment 927 Market st,^ room 207.
- L • LESS. - Secretary; telephone Jessie : 1176. '
•WANTED — Cooks, ¦:'. waiters, • waitresses "> and
: dishwashers ; - also > extras ; ¦ register at j once ;
.-•"• no fee. 127 Mason st . -¦..:.. ¦ - t A ¦¦¦¦¦ .-.,_ ; -
WANTED— Trustworthy man as partner ' with
-respectable lady in plain, cash business; clears
$200 per month. Address box 37S1, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WAKTEP— -MALE.
SITUATION . wanted , in country; has had ex-
;: perience; understands fermenting tanks or
oil< tanks; also -mason and -cement worker.
Box 3952, Call office... '. ,-- ,.. ... -,
MIDDLE-AGED ¦ German with good reference
wishes ' a position ' to accompany ; and : take
care of an old gentleman. Address box'3&33,
' Call .office. - rI ;". / > - ¦-.- ; : •-
POSITION by young man understanding sten-
ography and familiar with the iron and steel
business, both architectural and ; structural.
Box — ; — .- Call office. > - : -^ - - - ,
WANTED— Situation by middle-aged German;
. understands taking care of horses and gar-
. den; good references. Box 3951,. Call office. >
."WANTED — By middle-aged man, watchman,
elevator or any light work; can give best of
references ; ' email wages. Box 3823, Call. -
SITUATION wanted by single German gar-
dener; flowers, vegetables and fruit; good
references. . Address 636 Commercial st.. city.
YOUNG man wishes position take care of in-
¦ valid; good character; . city or . country. . Ad-
dreas box 3948. Call office. .
MIDDLE-AGED . German, '. sober, and indus-
trious, desires .work on a private place or In-
stitution; understands vegetable and flower
gardening; milk; handy man all around; best
of references. Address F. H., 631 Sacramen-
¦ to st.. city. ¦..--. ' ¦¦
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
X dlnavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. H. H.. box 2707, Call office.
YOUNG man, age 21, steady habits, wishes po-
sition doing anything;- one year's experience
/ grocery and bar. Address T. J. M., box 4495,
Call . office. " .
FIRST-CLASS young man, stenographer and
typewriter, desires position; city or country;
experience more object than salary. G. S.,
1715 Tenth st. Oakland. Cal.
A RELIABLE man and wife wish to . take
charge and do ..the work in a small place In
the country or stock ranch; good references.
Address T. D. , 1513 , Howard' St.- ". '
TOUNG Frenchman wants situation in family
to teach French,— German, Dutch and violin;
good treatment preferred ; to high wages;
country preferred. Address box 24, Call office.
MAN of ability and experience, with the best
of references, wishes position as foreman on
ranch. Box '. 3855, Call office. '.'%¦'
COACHMAN, first-class, willing and handy
about place, wants position; references. Box
.... 3854, Call office. ---<¦¦• ,'¦¦".
FIRST-CLASS sticker hand and general plan-
¦ .ing mill man wants position; top wages. Box
4486, Call. * ' .-. .
GOO.D German cook wants a place in a small
boarding-house in country; good references.
Box 3953. Call. . . »
2 FIRST-CLASS painters, with falls and all
necessary implements: work day or contract.
Address 1234 Mission st. ' ' ¦
A GOOD plain carpenter would like to | get
work with a large contractor of . buildings.
Box 3883, Call office.
A RELIABLE Chinese young man in. American
clothes desires a position to help in office or
store; good references. Address box 3882, Call.
YOUNG man wishes situation as., first-class
bartender. Call at 905% Mission- st, room 8.
GERMAN baker -wants situation as second
hand on bread. G. A., 268 Minna st. . . •-
FIRST-CLASS Chinese family cook desires sit-
uation; wages $35. 1112 Stockton st, 2d floor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received afCall branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ."has been established at 109$
Valencia st " ¦ - • ." ¦
FEATHERyREXOVATEp^^^
¦FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke,lS93 Valencia ;tel.Capp 2682.
FLATS TO LET.
¦HOUSES, COTTAGES, FLATS TO LET.
1125 Lev'wth: h.,8 r..$32 921 Buchanan; f.6 r.$30
2118 Centrl av. ; h lOroO 1618 Bush; f. 9 r 30
1178 Ellis; f. 8 r : 45 2427 Sutter; c. 6 r... 22
1521 O'Farrell; f.7r.. 37 418 Clayton; f. 5 r.. 2i
Apply A: M. SPECK & CO.. 6G7 Market st.
NEWLY furnished e!ght-room corner flat for
sale or rent. A.' B. SMITH FURNITURE
CO., 128 Ellis St.
PINE, 2132—6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Inquire of owner,
. 2134 Pine st. - • . L ¦-,
A— WANTED at once; tenants for 8 new flats;
now ready. A. M. SPECK & CO!, 667 Market.
A — SUNNY' new marine view ' 8 rooms and
bath. 2414 Van Ness a.ve., near Union st.
FLAT of 4 rooms' and bath. N. "W7 corner
Harrison and Fremont st. , . ' •:'.-¦.
MODERN bay-window flat, 8 rooms, 2 kitchens.
Key 417H Third st.
NEAR City Hall— Fine sunny top flat, 4 rooms.
60 Ivy ave.
TWO four-room flats with porcelain bath; $15:
¦ and $13 each. Cor.- Twenty-third and Castro.
$12 50—289. SHIPLEY, near Sixth^mlddle flat;
bath; cas; yard; sunny.
$18—1461 SACRAMENTO. * near Hyde; flat. 7
rooms, bath; gas: yard; sunny. t
$17 50— FLAT of 5 rooms ' and bath. 571 Hayes
gt., near Laguna; no small children. .
PLATS TOtLET FURNISHED.
$25— CORNER fiat, 7 rooms, Dath, piano. 2542
McAllister. MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market.
FLATS WASTED. . j
WANTED — Near the park or in desirable part j
of Mission, below Twentieth St., furnished
flat of .7 rooms and bath by family of adults;
¦ rent reasonable. Address immediately box
-4457. Call office.
WANTED— Unfurnished flat of 7 or 8 rooms and-
bath, near Park; rent not over $30; on long
term. \ Address box 3917. Call office.'
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
"MUST be sold at once; new and elegantly fur-^"
nlshed flat of 6 rooms. Call between 10 and 4
at 1114 A Leavenworth • St. • ' ¦ ' !
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc ; phone Jessie 2071.
W. P. BEAUCHAMP pays best price for fum.
and stores. 2 Golden Gate ave. ; tel. Jessie 126.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
..peta, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market;
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
"Golden Gate Auction Co. , 923 Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel.Polk694;
furniture and furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
.' warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
¦ HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ......:....
- 6 waitresses. Southern California, half rate
..'. $25
. 3 waitresses, Los Angeles, free fare $25
2 fancy ironers, half rate ........$35
"Waitress, St. Helena, , fare paid.. ....... ....$20
Waitress. Berkeley /..... $20
• 2 - waitresses, Sacramento $25
Waitress. State of Nevada, fare paid $20
2 waitresses, Madera, fare paid ......$25
. 2 waitresses, Santa Cruz.......... $20
Waitress, Auburn, fare paid .'.....$20
Waitress. Pacific Grove, free .fare...." $20
Waitress, Marin County $20
• 2 waitresses, Alameda .$20
.Waitress, Redwood City $20
Waitress, Newcastle, fare paid.:...'.. ..$20
. 2 waitresses, Bakersfleld, fare paid.... $2i
2 waitresses, springs.. .".$20
.Waitress, Sonoma - — $20
• Chambermaid to wait, same place. ...... .'...$20
"Chambermaid, country, first-class.....:.. $17 50
B Chambermaid to wait, Colusa, fare paid. ...$20
j. Chambermaid to wait, Niles...:...v $20
. Fancy . ironer, Lake Tahoe, fare paid:.'. '...$35
"Plain ironer, Santa Rosa .'.......$40
. Ironers, . Pacific Grove, union wages.... .......
Cook, -country hotel,' fare paid — ....$1 day
Chambermaid. to wait, San Rafael.:' $20
Seamstress. . institution ...... — •.. $25
. . . .TT. . ;. FAMILY DEPARTMENT '
Houeegirl, Southern California, fare paid.. $25
3 ranch cooks, different places....... ....$25
Woman with a child,' ranch work.. ...... ....$15
Ranch cook, fare paid .................... .$30
, Houeegirls, second girls, nurseglrls, city and
country, best' of wages..'. ' ¦'.
¦ : C.'. R.. HANSEN. & CO.......-104 Geary st.
NURSEGIRL: I care of small children, - office
fee ' paid by lady. . $15. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.;. 104" Geary.- Bt.'.- , .-,.,¦. . :;.•-
A— MRS. M. E. DAY............ Phone Main 1575
:'.:. .:..... HOTEL DEPARTMENT..:........
3 waitresses, mountain resort, free fare.... $25
2 : waitresses, springs, free fare........... ..".$20
15 waitresses, city and country hotels.. $20, $25
Waitress and chambermaid, same springs. .320
' B chambermaids to wait,' city and resorts.. $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
Cook.N country. $30; cook $25, second ; $20, - same
family; -many ' choice • family • places, ¦-, best
wages; 'German housegirl, choice • place ' $25.
- MRS.'.M.* E.- DAY.. .............335 Geary
MOTHER and ' daughter as * cook v and second
• for Naval. Training Station. Goat Island;. 2
• .', Jn family ; see lady here. ; MRS. M.? E. DAY.
V 835 Geary st. ¦ .-... .•¦.... :•• . '. ,-,r • '. .--' : f •.•¦..-->.".'
GERMAN girl to wait at table and do upstairs
:' work; -Email hotel. 662 Fulton st - - ¦;.THE COAST RECORD.
SPECIAL DAILY 'FRUIT SERVICE.
- Same owner with George McCahon (contrac
tor), architect same— Painting, scorching and
polishing for same on same; $1275.
Same owner with John Doherty (contractor),
architect same—^Plumbing, sewering and gas fit
ting for same on same; $375.
Same owner with William Horstmeyer & Co.
(contractors), architect same — Carpenter, mill,
marble, wrought Iron, roof glass, stairs, hard
ware, electrical work and plastering for same
on same; $13,298. -
Thomas Uenlgan (owner) wlth.J. J. Butler
(contractor), architect William H. Armltage
Grading, brick work, patent chimneys, concrete
wall on north side f jr alterations and additions
to two houses to make a three-story frame on
NW comer of McAllister street and Van Ness
avenue. N 60 by W 109:9; $1680.
G. H. ,\VILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
mond Granite Company (contractors), architect
Newton J. Thorpe-Granite work, doweling
hoisting of statue to place for concrete and
granite monument with circular platform* and
steps on Union square, bounded by. 1 Powell,
Geary. Stockton and Post streets; $21,800
San Jose— Wind north; very windy afternoon
fog. early, morning. Large quantities of ber
ries canned dally.
Napa— Clear; wind south. Apples will yield
heavy crop. :
• S S O en *j
5 STATIONS. • |||| 3|, • |» ?g
: I : 3 §§ |" j ?
San Jose 80 55 N Clear 0
Napa 81 4« S Clear 0
Nevada— Fair Monday; fresh northwest wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday
with fog In the morning and at night; fresh
southwest wind.
Northern • California— Fair Monday, except
foggy along the coast in the morning and at
night; fresh westerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday, except
foggy along the coast In the morning; light
west wind. ' .
The • temperature has fallen In Northwestern
Oregon arid Western Washington and remained
nearly, stationary In other districts. In the
great valleys of California the temperature Is
about normal.
, Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight July 22:
The weather is generally cloudy over the
western portion of Washington, Northwestern
Oregon, Utah and Northern Arizona; else
where on the Paclflc slope fair weather pre
vails. Rain is reported from Western Wash
ington and Northern Arizona, and 'a thunder
storm from Salt Lake City.
The pressure has risen slowly ' west of the
Itoeky Mountains. ' ¦ , .
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
SAN FRANCISCO, July 21—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 68; Mount Tamalpais, 76; Red Bluff,
98; Fresno, 100; Los Angeles, 82; Sacramento,
86; San Luis Obispo, 78; San Diego, 70.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
58; minimum, 48; mean, 53. . ¦
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
So far the bodies of only the two daugh
ters have been found, leaving those of
Colburn, Captain Flint and a sailor known
as Frank still to be located. The bodies
of the two young women were in a fair
state of preservation.
N^W YORK. July 21.-The bodies of
Misses Ida Elizabeth and Annette Col
burn, the daughters of Arthur T. Col
burn of Philadelphia, who were drowned
wjth their father when the two-masted
yawl Venitzia sank in Long Island Sound
last Thursday, are now at the establish
ment of a Brooklyn undertaker awaiting
orders, from Philadelphia for final disposi
tion/ The bodies were found In the cabin
of the Venitzia, which was raised yester
day. The vessel, with the two dead, was
brought to Brooklyn to-day.
Bodies of Two Sisters Recovered.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
ORAKD HOTEL
M J Qulnlan. Mich
J Rogers, Mich
A C Loper. Chicago
W Hubbard & w. wls
Miss Bennett, Wls
J Goldman. Merced
J W Robinson. Boise
R V. Mctntonh & w,
Ogden
J F Creen. Canada
E It Lewis, Seattle
\y R Case. Seattle
V G Johnson. Seattle
C L Holmes. Seattle
Q W Beecher, Klngmn
J D Qutsenbury. Va
W Miller & w. lad
M P Williams. Mont
T J Hlrsch. Pa
W E Wheeler. N Y
A C Morrison & w, Cal
O W Gaines. Phlla
X Lamphrey. Sacto
F Brown & w. La Ang
C B Bell. Reno
J N Gregg. Red Bluff
T Clark. Placervilla
M Schloss. Chicago
H Gunnaway, Nashvlll
R T Gray. Wyo
C. H Goddard, t> C
H L Noble. Cheyenne
I' F Laughrey, Minn
H Hammond. Dover
J I Harvey. W Va
D P Sullivan. D C
L S Thomas, K J
B Laufer. N Y
W A Buck, Vermont
C E Berkeley. Victoria
H E Thomas & w. Pa
Mlsse* Brian. Mo
it N Col* & w. Mich
W Lawson. Alvarado
Mrs Llndlty, Eureka
Mrs W M Hilllard.Colo
Miss L Moore. Colo
J J Morcy. WatsonvllU
J K Shuey. PortcrvllU
J G Taylor. Nevada
Mrs J Seykora. fklah
C B Palmer. N Y
R E Mlnoglll. Ttnn
S S Dent, Boston
C A Mlse. D C
Mlrs Hill. New York
G W Acker & w. Ala
A H Hitchcock. N Y
T C Randall. Phlla
A L small. Boston
P C Gtler. Maine
C Calhoun. N Y
E A Wye. Boston
D D Spear, Boston
T W Bowler, Mass
C E Baker. Mass
M P Fitzgerald. Mass
R E Whiting, Mass
A L Burnell. Maine
L Poundstone. Carter*
C Moltzen & w. Cal
PALACE HOTEL
S H Adams. Stanford
E Spahn. St Petersbrg
E L Corbln. S Jose
•Mrs O J Parker, Bostn
Miss Xickerson. Boston
Miss Buf fington, Bostn
H Starbuck & w, Cal
J Klrtland & w. Wash
De Markbrelter. Chics
.1 T Lynch. Menlo Pk
W W Wlnn. N Y
J Johnston & w, Denvr
A Ray. N Y
J Elsendrath. Chicago
M Rosenblum. CMicago
C F Scott. N Y
A Buford. Cblcayo
RE Davies. Victoria
C J Quinman
J H Norton & w. L A
Miss Norton, L Ang
N P Wheeler; Pa.
N P Wheeler Jr. Pa
Mrs Swetland, L Ang
W Hampton & w. Seat
W Sherman. Salt Lake
C M Thorns. N Y
J P Thorns. N Y
F H Hall, Trinity Co
W B Cline, L Ang
Dr Salz. Prague
Miss Gallagher. Phlla
W F George & w, Sac
J G Londale, Ark
C D Greaves. Ark
P J Lynch. Minn
Mrs W H Seeby. X Y
Mrs M D Baily. N T
J C Campbell. Nevada.
C M Burelson. Cal
C "W Curtis. Cal
F Mills. CoultervHle
J W Robinson. Idaho
C Kahn, Paris
P Kahn. Paris
T H Platt, N Y
E Williams,- Phlla
W Gilleyson. Pa
A Gamage. El Paso
F Monaghan. S Ana
T H Kearney, Wash
D Schwab. N Y
A Tarbett & -w. Utah
Miss Parker. Salt Lake
A Gard. Conn
C J Anderson. Mass
C Winshlp & w. L A
J A Brent. Cal'
M A Walker. R I
S E Walker. R I .
P Kaffenbaugh. Alaska
C E Elchelberger. Cal
D Bell & w. Phlla i
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
D R Perkins. Iowa .
G H Briggs, Denver
J A Mulcahey, Alliance
S Hill. Alliance
J Mulroy. Ingleslde
Mrs J Wheatley * d.
Spokane
Mrs E H Van Dewan
der. Spokane
H W Van Dewander.
Georgia
G R Ward. Cal
T Tamba. Santa Rosa
F P Powell. Cal
J Blnchett. , Banta
J Johnson. Oakland
C H Trette, Clayton
J McComb. N Y
W H Scahlll. St Paul
R Adams, Nebraska
H H Schuyler & w. BC
J C Hoyt. Seattle
E Davies, Iowa
C E Adatr. Los An?
H Wai tt & w. Oakland
•. James .D; Phelah, - Robert H. Fletcher : and
'William G. Stafford, . committee in ; charge . of
Citizens' Naval Monument (owners), ' ; with Ray-
Builders' Contracts.
Franclc W. Hontn (by Thomas R. Hobson and
Wallace A. Wise, trustee?) to Lucius L. Solo
mons. 1807 D. 156. lot on.NW corner of Patter
son street and Fifteenth avenue south (exten
sion). NW 123:8.E 123:2. S 10:11%. Precita Val
ley lots 319 to 333; also lots 2138, 2139 and 2140,
gift map 4 (trustees' deed); $100.- - ":.,.','•
¦ -Charles T. and ', Teresa I Martin -to Roman
Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco (religious
corporation solft). lot* on- S line. of Karallones
street, 350 E of Plymouth, E 25 by S.125; $500.
Emtl and-- Katherlne ¦ Kehrieln to Leslie
Nathan, undivided 2O-24th of lot on E i line of
Ninth avenue, 250 S of H street,, S 25 by E
,120; $10. ' . ' ' . ¦ "- ' -
Ruth .A. Knteht to Lowell J. Hardy Jr., lots
80 to 83, ¦ San: Miguel Homestead: $10. .'. -¦
. Amelia - S. and James E. Damon to ¦ same,
same; $50.
Annie M. and J. J. Donovan to J. S. Espl
nosa.Mot on SW corner .'of Clement street and
Fifteenth avenue, W, 30 by S 100: $10.
Sarah W. Miller to Las Anlmas and San Joa
quln Land Company, lot on N cornsr of. Fifth
and Howard streets, NE 273 by NW 275: also
lot on E line of Sixth street,- 137:6 SE of Bran
nan. SE 112:6 by NE 137:6; also lot on S line
of Jackson street, 129:11 W of Kearny, W 41:3
by, S 80; also property In ;1735 D. 17S, lot on S
line of Market street, 27 :9 E of Eleventh. E
41 by S 137:6; also lot on SW corner of Marlpo-J
sa and York streets. W 200 by S 262:6: also lot
on SW corner of ' Maripoea and Hampshire
streets, W 200 by S 262:6; also undivided % of
lot on W line of Wood street. 196:8 N of Geary.
W 120 by N 50: also; lot on 8 line of Fourth
avenue. 300 W-of N street, S 200 by W 50; also
lot on NW corner of J street and Fourth ave
nue AV 150 by N 200, block 60. Butchers' Reser
vation; also lot on E line of L street. 26:6 S
of Fourth avenue, ;N 26:6, . E M97, ,S 156:3, N
236:2, block 80. same; and all other real prop
erty In San Francisco except lot on W corner
of Harrison and Essex streets, NW 118 by SW
87:6; $10. ' .
Frederick C. H. and William J. A. Hons
and John W. .- and . Emma A. M. Sheehan to
Meta S. Hons, lot on W line of Mississippi
street, 125 S of Butte, S 25, W 92:6%, NE to a
point, E S2:10%i; also lot on W line of Missis
sippi street. 100 S of Butte, S 25, W 83, NE
20! W 19, N 5. E 95: $10.
• Potrero Land and Water Front Company to
Joseph B. Coryell, lot on N line of Army street,
25 W of Pennsylvania avenue, W 75 by N 100;
$10.- '' , . • ¦ ' :¦-¦ — .¦ ¦¦ -..'¦
Johannes. Krabbenhoft to same, lot on NW
corner of Army street and Pennsylvania ave
nue, N 100 by W 25; $10. .t . ., . . . - .
Martin and Elizabeth Holje to Hans Ravn,
lot on SW corner of Dikeman place and Mason
street. S 20 by W 60; $10.
Otto Arnold to Nicolas Schmlt, lot on SE
line of Clementina street.- 25 NE of Anthony
and 310 NE of Second. NE 25 by SE 75: $4300.
Carrie A. Templeton to Laura S. ' Templeton,
lot on NW corner of Twenty-fifth and Home
stead streets. W 125 by N 110; $2000.
Theodore and Sophie Binner to Roman Cath
olic Archbishop of San Francisco (religious cor
poration sole), lot on W line of Diamond street,
173:8 S of Eighteenth; S 24:8 by W 125; $10.
A. P. Hotallng & Co. to Maurice Sheahan.
lot on N line of McAllister street, 25 E of
Pierce, E 25 by N 100: $10.
John I. Sabin to Benjamin M.. and Laura E.
Gunn, lot on W line of Stelner street. 30 N of
Pine, -N 32:6, W 103:1%, S 62:6, E 3:1%, N 30,
E 100: $10.
. Mary J. Cameron to Aline M. Cuthbert, lot
on \V line of Devisadero street, '50 N of Fell,
N 25 by W 106:3; also lot on N line of Oak
street. 82:6 \V of Buchanan, W 27:6 by N 120;
also lot on W line of De Haro street, 300 S of
Twenty-fifth (YoloV S 133 by .W 50; gift.
• Louis Kastel to T. J. Roche, lot on N line of
Fulton street, 131:3 E of Central (Lott) avenue,
E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Kate C. Perry to Edward H. Perry, lot on
W line of Fillmore street, 93:9 S of Waller,
S 3 inches by W 81:3: gift. "—
James and Mary Connell to Joseph B. Cor
yell, lot on NW- corner of Salinas and Gould
streets. N 75 by W 100. block 3, Garden Tract
Homestead ; $10. .. • '
H. H. Larsen to M. "II. KUbourn, lot on SE
lino of Arlington street. 2CS:4 NE of Miguel,
NE 27:6, SE 90, SW 27:6, NW 95, block 36,
Falrmount; $5000.
James A. and Anna E. Johnston to Richard
Schnalle, lots 351 and 353. Gift Map 2; $10.
Henry B. and May S. Pasmofe to Adam
Ross, lot on E line of Forty-ninth avenue,
112:6. S of J street. S 1 by E 120: $50.
Daniel J. Drlscoll to Llbble Drlseoll. lot on
SW line of LanKton street, 80 XW of Harrison,
NW 25 by SW 80; $300.
Isidor LowenbCTs to Georsre Wendel. lot on
W line of Taylor street, 112:8 N of Turk, N
25:1% by W 137:6: $10.
Charles R. Blshon to Isldor Lowenbersr. lot
on W line of Taylor street. 137:8 S of IVidy,
S 3% inches by W 137:6, quitclaim deed: $1.
Estate of Angus McKay, Insolvent (by James
D. Brown, assignee) to David McKay, 'undi
vided third of lot on W line of Dupont street.
48 S of Jackson, W 80 by S 20; also undivided
fourth of lot on W .line of Davis street. 20 S
of Jackson, S 22 by W 45; $4500.
San Francisco and Pacific Glass .Works to
same, lot on NE corner of Fifteenth and Fol
som streets, E 550 by N 2G6; $10.
Abrahamson Heunisch Company to Abraham
son Heunlsch Glass Company, lot on SW line
of Ninth street, 150 SE of Harrison, SE 23 by
sw 100: ?io.
Eliza C. Herbert and -estate of Joseph M. Cora
erforu (by executrix) to Jacques P. Falvre,
lot on N line of McAllister street. 381:6 W of
Parker avenue, W 25, N S5:5»4, NE 25, S 87:10;
$500. .
Andreas and Philip Eberhart, Maria Sehaedle.
Fredericka and John Weser to Joseph Eberhart.
lot on S line of Brazil street, 50 W of Madrid,
W 50 by S 100, block 28, Excelsior Home
stead; $1.
Gavin McNab to Catherine Black, lot 47,
block 5, Holly Park; $10. .
Jacob Bost to • Harriet E. Turnbull, lot 533,
gift map 3: $10.
John Gundelach to Fannie H. Gundelach, lot
on N line of Union street, 97 E of Buchanan,
N 137:6 by E 25; $10. . - . .-
Estate of Adolph Sutro (by W. R. H.- Adam
son and Emma L. Merritt, executors) to E.
W. Garrette, lot on E line of Forty-seventh
avenue, 225 N of D street, N 25 by E 120; $775.
C. Frank Adams to James and Catherine
O'Donnell. lot .on E line of Mississippi street,
50 S of Nineteenth (Butte), S 50 by E 100; $10.
Addison E. and Rebecca H. Head to Real
Estate and Development Company. Potrero
Nuevo block 207; grant.
Real Estate and Development Company to
Addison E. Head, lot on SE corner of Six
teenth'(Center) and Wisconsin streets, S 290
by E 100; prant.
Thomas Manning to Mary, Annie, Lizzie,
Louise and Kittle Manning- and Lillie Kelley.
lot on E line of Leavenworth street, 47:6 N
of Jackson, N 22:6 by E 70; $10. \
Hall McAllister. Marion Wagner, and as sole
trustees, etc., Edith McA. Newlands and Eva
McA. Pritchett to S. and H. Lachman estate,
lot on W line of Maspn street, 87:6 S of Sut
ter. W 117:6 by S 40; $10.
Frledrich and Anna Drewes to Henry J.
Drewes, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth street,
35 E of Folsom, E 25 by N 75; $1.
Eugene E. Geisel to Patrick J. and Eva Ma
honey, lot on SE corner of Twenty-first and
Brysnt street, E 25 by N 68; $10.
Matthew and Kate Murphy to Cordelia Ral
ston, wife of Edward, lot on N line of Twen
tieth street, 230 E of Noe. E 25 by N 114; $1000.
Samuel Northmore to Loveday Northmore,
lot on E line of Shotwell street. .215 N of
Twentieth, N 60 by E 122:6: gift.
Emll Pincus to Moses Samuel, lot on E line
of "Baker street, 60 S of Oak, S 25 by E 96:10^;
$3600.
Sarah Dwyer to Andrew Thome, lot on E
line "of Broderick street, 100 N of Grove, N 25
by E 100; $10. . • ¦
-William 11. Norton to Kate T. Norton,
lot on S line' of Clay street, 93.99 E of
Pierce street, E 25 by S 127:41*; also
lot on S line of California street. 106:3 W of
Buchanan. S 137:6 by W 25; also lot on S line
of California street, 81:3 \V of Buchanan, W-25
by S 137:6; also lot on SW corner of Buchanan
and California streets, S 55 by W 81:3: also lot
on S line of Pine street, 110 E of Octavla, E
66 by S 120; also lot on SE corner of Broderlck
and O'Farrell streets, E 137:6 by S 137:6; also
lot on W line of Florida street, 234 N of
Twenty-first, N 26 by W 100, all property of
grantor; $10.
Clark Rlethen to Elizabeth Reene, lot on N
line. of ..Washington street, 133 W of Polk, W
26 by N 127;8U; $10.
Lena Witt. Louis, Josephine and. rcmmn.
Thelscn nnd Elizabeth Russell to Elizabeth
Thcl9cn. all Interest In estate of John Thelsen:
nlf-o lot mi nk corner of Persia* avenue and
Madrid stroet, N 25 by E 100, block 37. Excel
sior Homestead; also lot on E line of Mndrlrt
street, 25 N of Persia /a venue, N 23 by E 100.
block 37, name; also' lot on SW corner of
Madrid street nnd Persia avenue, S 300 by 1tV
100, block 27, snme: Klft.
Lone Mountain Cemetery Company to 8. M.
Tlblette, lot In cemetery; $60.
Funnle V. Fnrnsworth to same, same, qult
clulm (Jc'il; SI,
Kmll and Johanna Knoch to • Louis F. and
IMnr.n. L. Scrlbner, lot on K lino ot Bnst Park.
100 W of Andover avenue, W 25 by S 100, block
7, Holly Park;, $1200. ,
Kftttite of I). L. Farntiworth (by executrix)
to Perclvnl Tollnaon, lot 11. block F, Hunset
Helchts; fSOO.
Georco N. J. Smith to Catherine J. Smith,
lot 2, block 18, Flint Tract Homestead; gift.
Lewis, Cornelia and Le Grand Morse to same,
lot. on NE corner of Twenty-fifth (Yolo) and
Iowa streets, E 100 by N 166:8; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FORT PILL* O. T,, July a.— Disorder
and distress will, it la feared, follow the
actual opening of the Kiowa-Coraanche
reservation on August 6. It Is now esti
mated that fully 150,000 people will have
registered for a chance to- secure one of
the 13,000 claim* to be awarded by lottery
when the registration booths close July 28.
Thousands of persons now on the reserva
tion who are neither mechanics nor arti
sans nnd who have little or no money an
nounco their Intention of locatts around
Lawton If they fall to win a claim. Camp
ers who came Jn prairie schooners by the
thousands generally brought with them
provisions sufficient only to last from five
to ten days. Continued drought has
caused the water to be restricted, and for
days a hot wind hn» blown uvcr the pral
rlcs. The temperature hns avern?ed over
tho 100 mark. With those conditions be
foro them many are already beginning to
grumble, and when this is followed by
disappointment over failure to draw a
lucky number the hope that bore many up
will doubtless bIvg way to more serious
conditions.
Food and Water Are Scarce,
and Grumbling Has
Commenced.
Thousands of Oklahoma
Home-Seekers Have
Little Money.
FEAR DISORDER
AND DISTRESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIili^ MONDAY, JULY 32, 1931.
11
STATIONS.
3
(5
a
?3* "-3g-
¦i| if
•I ?g
: g : 3
en
13
Fi
: ?
Astoria 29.91 62 54 S Rain-
Baker 29.70 92 58 N Clear
Carson -^29.76 88 62 W Pt Cldy
Eureka 29.96 68 64 NW Clear
Freeno 29.76 106 68 NW Clear
Flagstaff 29.88 82 68 NW Cloudy
Pocatello. Idaho..29.68 98 62 "W Clear
Los Angeles 29.80.82 62 SW Clear
Phoenix 29.84 1M 80 NW Clear
Portland 29.92 72 68 NW Cloudy
Red Blurt 98 66 SE Clear
Roseburg; 29.82 88 50 NW Clear
Sacramento 29.7S S6 54 SW Clear
Salt Lake 29.68 98 70 E Cloudy
San Francisco. ...29.92 58 48 W Pt Cldy
San Luis Oblspo. 29.88 78 52 E Clear
San Diego 29.80 70 64 W Clear !
Seattle .......29.94 62 56 SE Cloudy
Spokane 29.78 90 56 W Clear
Walla Walla 29.74 91 64 SW Clear
Winnemucca ....29.70 94 54 SW Clear
Yuraa 29.64 70 78 SW Clear
.58
0
0
0
0
.54
0
0
0
T.
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
.18
0
0
. 0
0
STATIONS.
3
(5
a
?3* "-3g-
¦i| if
•I ?g
: g : 3
en
13
Fi
: ?
Astoria 29.91 62 54 S Rain-
Baker 29.70 92 58 N Clear
Carson -^29.76 88 62 W Pt Cldy
Eureka 29.96 68 64 NW Clear
Freeno 29.76 106 68 NW Clear
Flagstaff 29.88 82 68 NW Cloudy
Pocatello. Idaho..29.68 98 62 "W Clear
Los Angeles 29.80.82 62 SW Clear
Phoenix 29.84 1M 80 NW Clear
Portland 29.92 72 68 NW Cloudy
Red Blurt 98 66 SE Clear
Roseburg; 29.82 88 50 NW Clear
Sacramento 29.7S S6 54 SW Clear
Salt Lake 29.68 98 70 E Cloudy
San Francisco. ...29.92 58 48 W Pt Cldy
San Luis Oblspo. 29.88 78 52 E Clear
San Diego 29.80 70 64 W Clear !
Seattle .......29.94 62 56 SE Cloudy
Spokane 29.78 90 56 W Clear
Walla Walla 29.74 91 64 SW Clear
Winnemucca ....29.70 94 54 SW Clear
Yuraa 29.64 70 78 SW Clear
.58
0
0
0
0
.54
0
0
0
T.
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
.18
0
0
. 0
0
S:45 .' a. m.. 3:13 and 8:33 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 8:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. •¦ Le*v«s
Vallejo 1 a. ra., 12:30 noon, t p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 u. m. Far* M
cants. Telephone Main 1S0S. Landing and of-
fice, pier I. AUssloD-st. dock. HATCH BKO3.
BAY AUP BTVEB STEAMEB3L
FOR U. S. NAVY YARp AND VALLEJO.
Steamers GW. FRISBIE or MOTTTICELLO
BALFOUR, OUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM. NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICAAA DE VAPORES
To - Valparaiso, stopping at ' Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How.
ard J. Pier 10. 12 m. . ¦-¦¦..
ACONCAGUA ..July —I GUATEMALA.. Aug. 23
PERU August 71PALENA Sept. 4
• These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 'S16 California street.
jPccanics.sxo.sSf
8. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Aus....Thurs.. Aug. 1, 10 a^ m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for .Tahiti
• August 6, 10 a. m.
S. : S.'MAIUPOSA, for Honolulu.....
;.,.....: ....Saturday. August 10. I p. m.
J. D. SPRECXELS k BROS. CO., General inirti. 327 Haiist St
e.en'l Passenger OtScs, 643 Market St., Pitr la. 7. Pacific St
COMPAGHIS GEHESALE TBAN3ATLANTIQU2
DRIECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. "'
Bailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, s3SsK«b»
North River, foot of Morton street; La- Bre-
tagne. July 23;. La. Champagne. August 1; La
Gascogne. August 8; •L'Aqultalne. August 15.
First class to Havre. 170 and upward* Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building), New
York.' J. F. FUGAZI to CO.. Paclflc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
•Twin Screw Express. Steamers.
PANAMA R. R. I B5F
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40.
S. S. Argyll sails Satur l<ty, Anft. 1O
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, Aug. 20
S. 8. Argyll «*i s Tuesday. Sept. 24
From Steuart street at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
STEAMERS -WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at I p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONQKONG. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing. ¦
89. AMERICA MARU... Saturday. Aug. 10, 1301
SS. HONGKOVG MARU
' -.....;. Wednesday, September 4. 1901
&S. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27. 1301
Round -trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First.
v W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Unfmn.
VALENCIA^^4H— Hw^keeplnsTrowrisi front
jj parlor, kitchen, furnished complete; \ gas,
bath and sink. - ¦¦ :
WILLOW ave.. 10, off ~ Larkin. near Eddy— 2'
rooms furnished for gen, hskpg; no children.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS TO i,ET Fnrn, and tnfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large- rooms, 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A-BKUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
23c to $1 per night; $1 20 to $3 per wet-k. and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARLINGTON House. 112 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sonny rooms.
AT Shasta House. 246 Third— 200 rooms, newly
renovated; 25c to -$1 night; phone Black 4915.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites,- single; 'also unfurnished.
CHESTNUT, S92— Two nicely furnished sunny
rooms. "
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason-Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 210 — Parlor suite for doctor or -profes-
sional man; also single and double rooms.
$1 A WEKK— Sunny furnished room; also one
front room, closet, bath, $1 20. 834 Folsom st.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
St., near Market — Central location; new build*
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
ROo per day and upward; rpeclal rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st. cable oars to Turk st.
JONISS, 321, near Kills-Sunny suite of rooms;
all conveniences; also single rooms; reason*
able. £
KKAitNY, 34, and 47 Post— Offices or sunny
furnished roomw; en suite or single.
LAGUNA, 1131, opposite Jefferson square— Nice
elegantly furnished large room*.
MAKKET. 1015 (New 1 Arllngton)-Nlcely fur-
nUhed rooms. }2 a week up: 35c a day up.
MASON, 603— Handsomo suite; also single
roomn; very reasonable; centrally located.
MAKT1NET. HOI Geary-Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MINNA, 667. corner Elshth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FAKRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
¦ offices: elevator; clec. lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
POWELL. 207 (changed hands)-Nlcely fur-
nished rms., en suite or sin.: baths; transient.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
• lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, {2 to
$8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
BHIPLEY, 249— Sunny furnished rooms; private
family; for gentleman or lady.
SIXTEENTH. 3025. near Mission— Double and
single rooms for gentlemen; bath; gas; run-
ning water. /
STOCKTON. 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.: run. water: baths; phone; cheap.
THE Bachelor, 18 Mason Bt.— 100 furnished
rooms, 50c up; elevator; electric lights In
every room; return call bells; flrst-class:
newly # furnished and renovated; central;
quiet; "gentlemen only." •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
• ROOMS AND BOARD.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner in
Oakland ; unsurpassed family table, 25c per
meal; $4 per week; every accommodation and
attention. 1103% Broadway, cor Twelfth Bt.,
third flat. Oakland.
ALMORA, Twentieth and Mission; warm. belt;
new management: modern; sunny rooms; ta-
ble board; unexcelled. Tel. Church 11S1.
BEULAH, 135 — Sunny rooms, with or without
board in artistically furnished home.nr.park.
CALIFORNIA. 807 — Stevenson mansion; select
family hotel ;exeeptlonal table attractive rms.
ELLIS, 1127— Nicely furnished alcove room; sun
all day; water; private famlly;board' optional.
THE HEATH.312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite,slngle;excellent cuisine.
THE Victor,lC06 Pine— New management; thor-
oughly renovated; sunny suites with board.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates - to touristP.
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
- nlshed sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth — F-ine sunny
rooms.slngle and en suite; beautiful grounds.
' ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— By 2 young ladles, room and board
In private family; convenient to business dis-
trict. .Box 4382, Call.
WANTED — By gentleman and wife, rooms and
board in good location. Box 3S69. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for. $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.", rooms 9-10, tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES, \ .
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; • tel. Main e713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage' Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
— TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT .BARGAINS flT TYpTEwiTlTER's^-We
sell better machines for less money than any
house Jn the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266,
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work In sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4S85.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60: anti-trusT-
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
PROPOSALS.
TREASURY Department, office Supervising
I Architect, Washington, D. C, July 9, 1901.—
Sc-aled proposals will be received at this office
until 2 o'clock p. m., on the 3d day of Sep-
" tember, 1301, and then opened, for the com-
- plete mechanical equipment, including plumb-
ing, boilers, engines and generators, switch-
board, electric wiring and conduits, heating
and ventilating, and elevators for the United
States Postoffice, Courthouse, etc., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., in accordance with drawings and
the. specification, copies of which may be ob-
tained at this office or at the office of the
Superintendent of Construction at San Fran-
' Cisco, Cal., at the discretion of the Supervis-
ing Architect, upon deposit of a; certified
check payable to the Treasurer of the United
| States for $250, which upon return of the
. complete set ,of drawings and specification
¦will be returned. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR.
Supervising Architect. .
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES- DEATHS,
. Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
RAHMER-In this city, July 7, 1901, to the
wife of F. W. Rahmer, a son.
' MARRIED. —
ENDERLIN— EGGER— In this city, July 18,
1901. by the Rev. I J. Fuendeling, Albert N.
Enderlin and Anna Egger.
PECK— MANSEES— In this city. July 18, 1901,
,by the Rev. . J. Fuendellng, James H. Peck
arid Minna A. Mansees.
REICHELT— NETT— In thi« city. July 2t 1901.
, by tha Rev. J. Fuendeling. Alfred B. Reich-
elt and Lena Nett. . ....
• - :\. DIED, t ~
Brennan, Rev. John Lee, Patrick
Brown, Mina E.. . McCarthy, Annie
Barry, James F. McDonald, Martha
Connich,- Giacomo* McGllvary, James B.
"Cooper, Dr. Chas. E. 'Morrissey, Jennie
. Ellert, L. - R. • ¦ Mitchell. Mls« M.
Grayson, Rotert R. Nixon, Jane. '¦ •-
Griffin, "William F. Nager, Joseph A.
. Gorman, George Nolan, Sara M.
Gansberg. F. J. A. O'Brien. Patrick
Henrikson, Carl H. . Vevik. - Antone
Isaacs, Minnie Wright, Mary ¦ E.'
Keegan, Mary . J. AYolffi Meyer
. Leroux, Annie .
BRENNAN— In Paris, July 19, 1901, the Rev
John Brennan, pastor of the Church of the
Nativity, Menlo Park, Cal. . ¦-¦ ' . .
ETA solemn requiem mass for the repose
of his soul will be celebrated In. Menlo Park
this day (Monday), at .10:30 o'clock. -The
." riverend clerey and : ether friends are . re-
' upectfully Invited to attend. i
AMERICAN LINE.
:ir.W T03K. SOUTH AMPTOJf. L0VD0S. PABIl
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. ra.
St. Paul August 7 St. Louis Sept. 4
St. Louis August 14 Philadelphia ...Sept 11
Philadelphla.August 21 St. Paul Sept. IS
St. Paul August IS St. Louis Sept. 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York "Wednesdays at 12 noon. ¦ - .
SoutHwark July 31 *Zeeland August 21
¦Vaderland ..August ? Fiiesland ....August 23
Kensington ..August 14 Southwark ....Sept. • 4
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL MAVIGATIOX CO..
CBAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
LOWEST HATSS.
STEAMER TICKETS I5CLUDS BSHTH »nl MBAL1
SS. COLUMBIA
Sails July 12. 22. August 1, 11. 21. 31
ES. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails July 7. 17. 27. August 6. 1«. t«
D.W.HITCHCOCK.Gen.Agt..l Montgom'y. S.T.
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to all
points East.' Through tlskets ts nil J
points, nil rail <*>i* otenmshin and rail, at
Only Steamahlpi Iilno **»
O. R. St N. CO.
¦?1? AL ESTATE— -CITY— FOR SALE.
CONSULTATION FREE. '' ~~ ;
\Ve will advise you how to buy and advise
you how to sell.. how to put bad tenants out
or your property without expense and collect
your rents. HEALY & GILLESPIE. 630
Market et., opp. Palace Hotel. ¦ ¦
F 2 R sale— A beautiful residence spot In warm
beltV>f Mission; 8549 17th St.. bet. Guerrero
and Dolores: lot 77x100; cottage of 7 rooms; 1
block from old Mission Church. Apply to DR.
T. B.rPEARCE. deatlst. owner. 18 Third si
ARE you looking for a cash Investment In San
Francisco. Berkeley or Oakland? If so, send
your address to box 2279. Call office. Oakland.
A SACRIFICE-J1000; 4 lots In West Berkeley,
flpr. Bancroft and Seventh. Call at 311 Bat-
tery st., city. • ' -
COTTAGE cheap; monthly Installments sama
as rent. Apply corner Alabama and Mont-
calm Eta. k • . "
12750— BUYS property with restaurant, 4 rooma
and batb In rear, etc. 614 Central ave.
REAL ESTATE— COUSTRY— For Snl«
J5000-:6 ACRES; fine paying home In Callstoga;
9 acres In fruit; 40 tons prunes raised last
year: soil black loam; abundance of Rood
water: sood house. S rooms and bath; wind-
null and tank; barn full of hay; fruit house,
?hop. etc.; fruit trays, grader, etc; two
homes: Jersey cow; chickens, etc. For further
particulars address box 96. Callstoca. Cal.
• FOR SALK NEAR SAN FRANCISCO -H
Small tract*. |60 to f90 per acre, on Rancho
retail. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Kranrlsco is growing rapidly; location
bewt for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotntl Co.. So; California St., for pam-
phlets or information. ' '
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
» free list. C. R WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
nOSS VALLEY IM2AI, 1SSTATI3.
ROSS VALLEY- -Large new modern dwelling
near station; 8 acres with trees and garden;
for (tale or lease. JAMES TUKSTEAD, San
Anyrlmo.
1(12.1 1. ESTATE TO EXCHAXGG.
A GOOD country hotel; near Ban Francisco; 40
rooms; price j.v.oo ; and a general ranch of
l."S acres. Improved, In Washington, price
*K»O0; will exchsnge either for a good livery
stable or both for a stock ranch. Address
G. \V, RCHWEINHARD,
'917 Market et, opposite Mason.
25 HOUSES and lots from JIM to (20.000: 100
ranches, all Fixes, from , S400 to $40,000; 25
stores and business places, J50 to $6000. To
buy. sell or exchange anything Bee H. C.
D15CKER, 1020 Market Bt. . . '
A FINE residence in San Jose to exchange for
city property. Call on C. C. SMITH. 630 Mar-
ket, San Francisco.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA and Fruitvale bargains for invest-
ors and house-seekers on easy terms or ex-
change for city or country realty.
SPECIAL. BARGAIN.
One of the finest residences in the city; 13.
rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.; best location; fin-
ished In oak, blrdseye maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated: lot 85x170 feet.
SPECIAL. v
Two modern cottages, 5 rooms and bath;
near Etaion; flSOO.
A. R. DEXKE.
Webster-st. Station. Alameda.
$1500 — XEW modern 5-room cottaere with lot;
near station; $300 cash, $12 50 ner month. J.
H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st- Alameda.
ALAMEDA EURMSH.D COTTAGES.
FOR rent— In. Alameda. furnished cottage, 7
rooms; two ""baths; apply mornings. 1719
Chapln St.. Mastick station.
BERKELEY .ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$S00— PRETTY 4-room cottage; flowers and
trees; a snap.
$1250— 5-room cottage; high basement; good lot.
J2000 — 7-room house and bath; street work all
done; grand view; a bargain.
&S00 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms, etc.; street
work all done; near cars. •
$3200 — Pretty 5-room modern home; Improved
street.
$3750— Modern up-to-date home; near college;
large lot; street Improved.
$5000 — Fine new home in scenic park.
MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley Station. ,
OXLY $2750 — Xew 7-room houses, complete in
| every particular, containing wlridow__sJiade
' combination fixtures and the Sunlight water
heater, enabling- you to get hot water at any .
time durine the day or night without fire:
on the sunny side of street and near .the
cars. Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON. Real
Estate, Berkeley station.
HAYWARDS ADVERTISEMENTS
HAYWAHDS REAL. ESTATE.
SPECIAL BARGAINS— Haywards Property.
7 acres, 1 acre fruit, 1 acre vines; good house,
5 rooms, bath, pantry, hot and cold water;
well, windmill and tank; barn, chicken--
houses; about 300 chickens: 2 Incubators; 4
brooders: brooder-house; horse; buggy; buck- !
board; kitchen Ftove connected with hot
water boiler; parlor stove; 15 minutes' . walk
to electric road; must be seen to be appre-
ciated: Improvements worth the money asked:
price $Z250. P. WILBERT. Haywards. Cal.
W,i ACRES fine valley land, half In fruit;
houre: barn; chicken-house; well; price $4000.
P. WILBERT. Haywards. Cal.
3 ACRES; hard-finished house, 4 rooms; barn;
chicken-bouses; well; some fruit; price $1500.
P. WILBERT. Haywards. Cal. ¦
10 ACRES; good house; barn; well, windmill
and tank: several acres fruit; price $3500. P.
WILBERT. Haywards. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ARE you looking for a cash Investment in
Oakland, Berkeley or San Francisco? If so,
¦, send jxjur address to box 2278, Call office,
Oakland.
OAKLA.VD FURXITIIIE FOIl' SALE.
AN Introduction <o you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR* HOCSEKEEPISC.
BROADWAY, ,410-412— The most elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms in locality:- single and
housekeeping; rents reasonable; first-class at-
tention. • - ' ¦ . •
BUENA VISTA ave., 449, near Frederick St.—
5 fur. or_ unfur. rooms or more; stable; tel.
CAPP. 614—2 large sunny rooms furnished com-
pletely for housekeeping. ... '
EDDY, 939— Floor of 4 nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; private residence; no children.
EDDY. 933—3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
all conveniences; private residence; no chll-
drep. o ¦ ¦
FIFTH, 333—8 furnished housekeeping, $20;
also 2, $12; single rooms, $5 to $7.-
FOLSOM, 834 — $1 50 a week; sunny housekeep-
ing room, stove, closets; private; bath.
FOLSOM. 100L corner Sixth— 2 nice rooms for
housekeeping reasonable to nice people.
FOURTH, 225— Nice front room, suitable for 2
gentlemen or. man and wife; with kitchen.
GEARYj^ 408— Three nicely furnished rooms;
rent $20. ¦
HAIGHT, 222— Two perfectly appointed house-
keeping rooms for couple; telephone; refs.
HOWARD, 761 V4— Sunny suite neatly furnished;
man and wife; kitchen: other rooms. " .-¦
HYDE 412— Bunny unfurnished parlors and al-
..cove;' also basement sulta of 2 or 3 rooms.
MCALLISTER, 20OO, corner Central ave— 2 sun-
ny rooms furnished for housekeeping: sink;
$10; also 8 ¦ housekeeping rooms. $7 per mo.
MINNA. 28-Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms; 75c and $1 per week.
VEW modern apartment house; suites 2. 3 and
6 rooms for housekeeping; electric lights: gas
ranges; baths. The Malar Flats. 631 Turk st.
VICE front sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; rent $8 % to $9 per month.
Apply at. shoe store. 563 Mission st. !
OAK 119— 2 ¦ Jront basement room*, t furnished
for 'housekeeping; yard; $10.
rw~TAVTA 1403. corner Geary— Bay-window
and kitchen; other sunny rooms; day.
week or month. ¦
POLK. 1002-3 and 5 room euttes. ' completely
furnished for housekeeping. $15 up; reference.
POWELL, 415%— Two unfurnished rooms for
In the rear.
SOUTH PARK. lS4-One nicely furnished room
for housekeeping. .•¦.-.•
BTOCKTON. 1307— Furnished rooms for , house-
keeping; rent cheap. 1 » .'-¦:¦•
THE BELL. 1773 Market-Sunny suites for
housekeeping. M0 .up: single. $6 up. .-
TnTVTT-THIRD, " 3726. nr.' .Dolores— 3 sunny ]
bay-window rooms;, nice, neat,- complete. • ,'
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•> ' Steamers leave Broadway
W Wharf. San Francisco:
IJCTkfc.-. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
Kggagisfc July 15, 20. 23. 30. August *•
I^R2Bb>» Change to company's ateam-
E$Tra5\?*ra ers at Seattle.
FTOc)l 'SSI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
K|$£rfr3r5«1 C.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
ur and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
""'"** 11 a. m.. July IS. 20. 25. 30.
Au«r. *. and every fifth day thereafter. Changs
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
July 11. 16. - 21# 2«. 81. Au». 5. and every fifth
day thereafter.
For San T>lego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
,reles)— Steamer Santa- Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.:
Steamer Corona. "Wednesdays, 9 a. re.
Fos Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Pott Harford
(San . Luis Obispo). Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport (*Coo« Bay only>— Steamtr
Coos Bay. Saturdays. 9 a. m. : Steamer Bo-
nlta. Tuesdays. 5a. m.
For Ensenada. Murdalena Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paa. Santa Rosa-
lia and I Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain eomp*ny's
The company/ reserves the right to change
rteamers. eaills* dates and hours of sailing;
without p»-evion« notice.
TICKFT OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hntel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
MC SI CAL IXSTHCMEXTS.
A LOW price fcr a piano is what makes quick
• «=ales- what do you want better than $75 or
i:nj or «.io? That's what we are offering.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
fcet Et. k
A PIANO can be rented from us and the rent
applied on Its purchase; you can rent a
rocker if you want to: w» 6ell on payments
that v.ill coon make the piano yours. THE
ZKN'O MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market Et.
THE WILET B. ALLEN CO.. S53 Market. S. F.
(.Branch S51 Broadway. Oakland.)
¦We Mil the popular pianos of the day — Steck.
r>fi"ott Packard, Conover, Hardman. Ludwlg
Haldwln. Valley Gem. ftmtth & Barnes, Har-
rington, Klngsbury. Jewett and Straube. ,. ••¦»
you oanr.ot afford to buy a piano until you
sc« THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO. ¦
ALL piano* purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY
«: CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby crand piano any time within
j y.-am from date of purchase, ajid have full'
]>rlr<» allowed. New upright plaoos. tt per
rrconth; •iinie good piano* sold for fl, J4 an>!
$.\ ]cr month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Btelawmy dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ft*.. Kan Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth et.. Oakland.
A SURPRISE awaits all who are Interested !n
the self -playing piano; the Ceclllan la the lat-
tf\ and beet; you are Invited to our dally
concerts. HYnON MAUZY. SOS Tost St..
fr.lon wjuare. sole agents Sohtner & Co..
Pyron Mnury. Gabler. Lester. Hamilton and
Fpjelman pianos.
ANY 1 piano sold by us taken back any time
*lthtn I yeart and full purchase prlc« n\-
!ow»-d on a new peerless Knabe at remiUr
price: costs ytu only i'Oo a day to buy *
plsno front ux KOIILHR tt CHASE. SO
OTarrelt »t.; established ISiO. ,
A LIST of fine »econd-hand bargalns-l Emrr-
ron, 1 HaUet A Davl*. 1 Conover. 1 Curtai. 1
FWline. *T». *K5. IMS. ftc; v*ry payments.
HENJ. CUUTAZ & PON.- II OTarrell «t..
ChlckerlnK. Vone, sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of «elf-playera. .
ALL mckrr; great banraln; ISO up; rent* (1
up allowed: we want agents; pianos furnlrheU
fro»; you ret f»r»t money when you eelL
HniXK riANO CO.. :i7 Geary et.
JAS. K^EFFE'S piano wareroomt now ptr-
nmr.rt.ily located at S3 Turlt rt.. near Junc-
tion Miva. Market & Turk: larrest In city.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
fit your nwn price; ft Installments: no re-
frrve. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.
PIANOS $73 up; Hartman. $100; Chickerlnp.
F1M; Nlfumnn, tlSO. \V. C. HAMILTON. *
Flood building.
JC M RENTS a fine upright piano; a few left.
KCOTT-CTKTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes rt.
BIO barcain In eli'irant standard uprtcht
piano: party Iravlnc. S19 Eddy. nr. Larkin.
T^"O upriFkt pianos left on tale; Fisher, $95;
CMckcr iic. J1S5. Room SS. JIT Geary 6t.
GOOD recond-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMIT7.. 16 McAllister «.
A SPLENDID Btelnway; uprights. 1100; planoi
rented ti upward. BRCEVM. 20S Post st.
A LARGE 'ot of Fcrenii-lmnd uprisrht pianos
for sale cheap. HORXfXOS. 216 McAllister.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. S37 Me
AUlEter ft.
SUPERIOR vlolins._ zithers, old and new. H.
ML'LLER. maker." repairer. I Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
PACIFIC. SIS— Handsome large store, reduced ,
to $2: also Fin Fansoin*. store, rent $8.
LIGHT, cheerful offices; }15 and JW. Emma
Sprocket build'Tig. s;7 Market st.
OIL. ¦
COSTA RICA PETROLEUM & COAL Co!
We have just received advices of the grant-
ing of the concession to us by the Costa Rlcan
Government. T\'e now own over 50,000 acres
of the finest oil and coal lands in the world;
came Is also best tropical agricultural land;
the stock is as yet 10 cents per 6hare, but upon
receipt of the Government documents will im-
mediately be advanced to 2a cents. The stock
cannot fall to go to several dollars per share.
Call or «en4 for prospeetus tr> PACIFIC
FTATES MINING & INVESTMENT CO.. 3*6
Pott St.. San Francisco, Cal. Reference, the
Consulate of Costa Rica in San Francisco.
FOR sale — A lease on proven territory adjoin-
ing the San Joaquin Co. Apply 474 Par-
rott bldsr.
CALXSTOGA OH and Development Company,
operating on 2120 acres of oil land in nine
districts. Office. 23 and 14 Merchants' Ex.
POSITIVELY best 4$ acres !n Kern, $3500 per
acre. HAMILTON & CO.. 8 Flood bldg.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order: all
gjge>: cheap. H. B. ffHITK. SIS M1fs=I"T* rt. '
PAIXTERS AXD DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 59 up; tinting done.
Hartmann Paint Co., 31» 3d St.; tel. Red 3021.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting; pood, -reli-
able work. Clark's, SOS Larkin; tel.Larkin 10C0.
PALMISTRY.
SIRS. LAMB, ecienunc palmist; head and face
reading; lessons given. -617 Jones st.
MME. GERMAIN'S, the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast; 1 to S. 906 Market st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor Et.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black S6L
PERSOKALS.
—THE EPWORTH LEAGUE-
LADIES and GENTLEMEN— YOU are In-
vited to the parlors of the BOHEMIAN DER-
MATOLOGY. 131 Post. R. 3. for your sham-
poo, 25c; GRAY 'hair restored. HAIR grown
on bald heads. PIMPLES, freckles, facial
blemishes removed; figures trained; IM-
PORTED French preparations used exclu'ly.
A — EPWORTH Leamiers' downtown meeting
place at the Bon-Ton at S24 Post et.. near
Powell. Luxurious reading-room; writing
facilities. Dainty tea served every afternoon.
Everything free. Manicuring, hairdressing or
baths. 23c. All visitors welcome. -
ULCERS CURED— Ulcerine (a new discovery),
a product of the Philippine Islands, will posi-
tively cure ulcers of th« leg; no detention
from business: consultation free at our office.
ULCERINE CO.. 40 EUis Bt.. rooms 18 and IS;
take elevator. *
WANTED— To communicate with any one who
knew JOHN W. CRAVES ESQ.. lawyer and
mine owner, who lived In Kan Francisco. Cal..
from 1SBS to l?:*; important. Address J. E.
TUCKER. Roxboro, Person County. N. C.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4SS G«ary st.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all'
parts of the world; call or send for circular. '
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms;
If.c to Jl SO par night; £1 o0 to 56 per week;
free 'bus and fcag&age to and from the ferry.
Jl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Ecotch, {15 up; fine drese suits, 520 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON* LEMOS. 1117
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
"WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, VI 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
- - CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; re-ascr^b!- Tates; 10
j-ears' experience. J. B. RAY. }'"<". "-vsicn st.
SPANISH lessons given by a r -panish
teacher, j E13 McAllister et.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna : i . • . res gray
hair to Its natural color: fl: at a!i druggists.
EUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATOX, ill? Sutter st.
TAILOR made eults. $7 60; dress pants, $2 SO.
Misfit Clothing JParlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD cold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEN'KEL. E17 Market Bt
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlcs;
country orders. COLDSTEtK t CO.. iO.Mkt.
tin. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
rorn cure; 25c: all drugglst.8. ' ¦¦¦ '. ¦. ,
I-HYSICJA3VS AM» SCUGKO.VS.
VK. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
icti Market et.. between Sijcth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, euccessfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. Jli-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A-DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
T64-7fi6 Clay St.: see testimonials at office.
PILZSS.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 20 years;
ever CO names of prominent business men
»«nt tt reference j no chloroform, surgery or
<>!ay from business, and no «alve» for Bale.
I'miruiar, aodres* Physician, box 1350 Call
PROPERTY WASTED. _'.
BStALL home en tnstaltoente: Alameda or
East Oakland preferred; not over $2000; quick.
•*¦ H.. nog sixth ave.. East Oakland.
5^*lTesTATE — CITV— FOR SALE.
tCOO-TERMS to eult: handsomely decorated
Fimr.y l'j-room residence; substantially built.
iiii!e.ip<5 by <j 8 y work; every possible latest Im-
provement; heaters, resitters. 6 basins, plate
er.<j art class window*: marine & park view;
"ttqwtoat of any near panhandle: large lot
-erexlix.; ru llon £t nr Shrader: Hayes or
McAllister ct. curs; p»en trom 11- to 4:30.
'"^T^AKE offer; nice home of 6 roomi and
¥51%,™ "«¦* P"rtlon of Paclflc Heijrhta; lot 2Sx
Address box 8S89. Call.
r S? v . 6A J' E ~^ Ieeant hoo3e lot 1" »uburb# of
aiy, etket Investment X. U., box 3364, Call.
£-*? ANOTHER BIG £*
AUCTION SALE
LERY HORSES,
Of Selected and Accepted
GERMAN GOVERNMENT ARTIL-
Consisting: of
100 MARES AND GELDINGS.
Broken single and double, and weighing from
1000 to 1350 pounds, and are from 4 to 10 years
old. Many handsome single drivers, well
matched teams and saddle horses. All are
solid in color and have passed the veterina-
rian s inspection. They" are suitable for livery-
men, stage owners, teamsters, expressmen, etc.
No reserve. Terms cash.
Sale Takes Plaee
TO-MORROW.
TUESDAY, July 23, 1901,
From 10 a. m. Sharp to 1:30 p. ra.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
T21 HOWARD ST,, NEAR THIRD.
WM. O. LAY.N'O. Auctioneer.
Hones at Salesyard July 20th.
BROWN^-In 'Alameda, .. July 20. .1901. Mina
i Elizabeth ' Brown, . beloved , wife of Edward ,
Brown, and mother. of Ethel, Arthur M. and
Herbert H. Brown, Mrs. Jessie H. Jones and
Mrs. I. F. Halton: .
(C^Funeral servfees this day (Monday),
at 2 "o'clock, at her late residence, 1823 Santa
i Clara .avenue, Alameda. *; Interment private. -
BARRY— In this city, July 20, 1901, James F.,
beloved husband of Mary E. Barry, and
father of William L.;. John A., Alfred' E.",
i Berry. Mrs. T. Pringle, Mrs. E. Savery, Mrs.
J. Pierce. Mrs. D. B. Richards and Mrs. !
H. E. Joy, a native of Ireland, aged 58 years.
E7The funeral will » be held . to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2612 Folsom street, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third, thence to • St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CONNICH— In this city, Glacomo, dearly be-
loved husband, of Petrinelia Connich, and
father of Antone and Thomas Connich, Mrs.
M. Boglslch and Mrs. P. Jurich, a native of
St. Etefano, - Dalmatla, Austria, • aged 54
years.
(L^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, .from his late resi-
dence. 315 Green street, thence to Sts. Peter,
and Paul's Italian Church, where services
will be held. Interment Holy Cress Ceme-
tery.
COOPER— In this city, July 21, 1901, Dr.
Chnrles Eben Cooper, beloved husband of
Minnie 8. Cooper, father of Sidney Bruce
and Helen S. Cooper, son ot Nancy and the
late E. Bruce Cooper, and brother of Mrs.
W. C. Muull and Frank W. Darling, a native
of Sacramento, aged S» years and 8 months.
ItTFrlcnds are Invited to attend the funeriU
servltaj to-morrow (Tuesday), nt 1:SO o'clock,
at tha First Presbyterian Church, corner of
Van Ness avenue and Sacramento street.
Interment private, riease omit floweri. .
ELLERT— In this city, July 21, 1901, L. R.,
beloved huibnnd of Sadie E. Kllert, and
father of Arthur R. EUert, a native of Ran
j Franclrco, aged 44 years A months nnd 1 day.
CyFrlentls and acquaintances nro respect-
fully Invited to attendithe funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), nt 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Toirplc, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets,' under the Auspices of California
Lodge No. 1, F. nnd A. M. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
ORAYSON— In this city,' July 20, "1901, Rob-
ert Rawson Groyson, beloved son of George
W. and Eliza J. Grayson, aged 35 years 6
months and 4 days.
ItyThe funeral will be held this da/
(Monday), at 3 o'clock, from the residence of
George W. Grayson, Esq.. Ninth and Madl-
¦on streets. Oakland, under the auspices of
Ban Francisco Lodge No. 3, Benevolent and
Protective Order of ! Elks. , ; .
B. P. O. ELKS— Members of Oakland Lodge
No. 171 will assemble In lodgerooms. 1107
Broadway, Oakland, at 1:30 o'clock, this day
(Monday), to attend and 1 assist San Fran-
cisco Lodue No. S in funeral services of
' Brother R. R. Grayson. By order of
H. P. MELVIN. E. R.
GRIFFIN-In this city, July 21, 1901, WllHam
Francis, beloved Infant son of William F.
and Emily Griffin, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 1 month and 4 days.
GORMAN— In this city. July 20, 1901, George,
beloved Infant son of George and Lizzie Gor-
man, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
3 months and 1 day. •• -~;
GANSBERG — In Oakland, ' July 21, 1901, F. J.
August Gansberg, beloved son of Louise and
Henry Gansberg, and brother of Henry Jr.
and Charles Gansberg, a native of California,
aged 25 years 1 month and 6 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fuily Invited to attend the funeral on
Wednesday, July 24, .1901. at 2 o'clock, from
his late reMderce, 843 Harrison street. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
HENRIKSON— In Oakland, at 821 East Six-
teenth street, Carl Hartvig Henrikson, a na-
tive of Oakland; aged 5 years 3, months and
21 days.. . .
ISAACS-In this city, July 21. 1901, Minnie,
beloved wife of the late Albert Isaacs, and
mother of Julius, Abraham and Peter Isaacs,
Mrs. Samuel Conn and the late Isadore, Sal-,
omon and Charles Isaacs, a native of Gnesen,
Germany, aged 69 years; ,.
CTFrlends and acoualntances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 435 Green street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery by carriage. ; ¦ ¦ f
KEEGAN— In this city, July 20, 1901. Mary
Jane, beloved wife of James Keegan, daugh-
ter of Catherine and the late -John Murray,
mother of John, James, George t Frank. Fred-
erick, Henry, Lewis, Thomas, Catherine,
Mary, Acnes and Monlca-.Keegan and Mrs.
W. F. Hanrahan, and sister of T. H. Mur-
ray and Mrs. C. C. Duhain. a native of New
Jersey, aged 55 years 11 months and IS days.
(New Jersey and Marysville, Cal., papers
please copy.)
EXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
. dence, 2432 Mission street, between Twenr
tleth and Twenty-first, thence to St. James
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. i- • ¦
LKROUX— In this ¦ city, July 19, 1901, Annie,
beloved wife of Thomas Leroux, mother of the
late Mrs. John Dunphy and James Leroux and
Mrs. William Schroder and .Tosenh and ' Ab-
. hie Leroux, and sister of Mrs. Michael Mul-
laney and Edward and the .late Frank Mor-
rison, a native of Ireland.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2473 Mission street, near Twenty-first,
thence to St. Paul's Church, corner Twenty-
ninth and Church streets,- where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
¦ of her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment prl-
.' vate. Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
LEE— In this city, July 21, 1901, Patrick Lee,
a native of Ireland, aged 40 years.
MCCARTHY— In this city. July 21. 1901, Annie
McCarthy, a native of Bantry, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 68 years.
McDONALD— In this city, July 20, 1901, Mar-
tha Eleanor, widow of D, L. McDonald, and
beloved mother of Laura L. Blythe and De
Witt McDonald, a native of Lexington, Mo.,'
aged £4 years. - '
E7 Friends are respectfully invited to' at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 11 -o'clock, at(her late residence, 2162
Pine street. Interment private.
Mr;GILVARY— In this city, July 21, 1901, James
K. McGilvary, husband of the late Elizabeth
S. McGllvary, a native of Virginia, aged 78
years 3 months and 28 days. ' ,
CTFrlends- and acquaintances ure respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner of Market and Seventh streets,"
under the auspices of Parker Lodge No. 124,
I. »O. O. F. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery by the- electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero . streets. :
MORRISSEY— In this city, July 19, 1901, Jen-
nie, beloved wife of John J. Morrissey,'
mother of Laurence, Gertrude, Genevieve and
Lauretta Morrissey, daughter of John and
the late Sarah Carroll, and sister of Mackie,
Joe and Frank Carroll and Mrs. J. Murphy,
, a native of San Francisco, aged 38 years 6
months and 19 days.
. icTFrlends and accualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), , at 8 o'clock, "from her late resi-
dence, 1500 Sanchez street, corner Twenty-
eighth,' thence to St. Paul's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of. her soul v commencing at 8:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MITCHELL— In this city. July 19, 1901. Miss
. Maggie Mitchell, a native of Canada, aged
42 years'. - .
NIXON— In this city, July 20, 1901, Jane Nixon,
beloved mother of William G. and Talbott
Falrleigh," Mrs. Elizabeth Free and Mrs.
Louise" F. O'Brien, a native of Elizabeth-
town, Hardin County, Kentucky, aged SO
years 4 months and 23 days. .
|C7"Servlces will be held this day (Mon-
day), at 10 o'clock, at her late residence, 334
Page street, between Laguna and Buchanan.
Interment private. ,; / i • .' • •
NAGER— At Bay View, South San Francisco,
July 20, 1901* at the residence of his parents,
515 Charter Oak avenue, off San Bruno road,
Josenh Anton Nasrer, dearly - beloved son of
John Marcell and Cecelia Nager, and be-
loved brother of Pauline, Minnie and Louisa
• Nager, a native of San Francisco,' aped 20
years 6 months and 17 days. A member, of
. St. Joseph Soclt*. ... . : : .? ¦ •
ICT" Friends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 515 Charter Oak avenue, off
San Bruno .road, thence . to St. Anthony's
Church, Army street, near Folsom, where a
solern requiem high mass will be celebrated
for tJS repose of his soul, commencing at 8:15
o'clock.. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NOLAN— In Oakland, July 20, 1901.- Sara M.
Nolan, beloved niece of George and Lawrence
Nolan and Mrs. Mary Donnelly, a native, of
Newark, N. J. * '• : - \ ,•-•¦¦
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend a requiem mass for
. thf repose of her soul- at- St. Patrick's
¦ Church. Tenth and Peralta streets, %-mor-
row (Tuesday),' at 10 o'clock. Please omit
flowers. Interment private, St. Mary's Ceme-
' tery. * Oakland. •¦ • ¦: . - ¦' :.'
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) ,
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.,; opposite Lincoln School.
.';. Telephone , South 80. ¦ ' •
I Eugene McGinn, j . • McGINN. BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers, j
-> . . 31 EDDY STREET. ."¦•;, .
Telephone South 202. • ; ... San Francisco.
No Connectlgn_WIth_Any Other House.
I, MoAVOY <fc CO.. v. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.I
1239 Market St.. between 8th and 9th. I
.... -Telephone South. 247. . •> v '|
SAW FRANCISCO.' Cal.— Notice is hereby given
t..at -CHARLES -H.. JACOB of the firm of
, CHARLES H. JACOB & CO., funeral dlrec-
torr, and embalmers, 318 Mason '; street, - has,
by order of court, had his name changed to
CHARLES H. f. J. TRUMAN, - by- reason of
which the name of ¦ his firnT . becomes
- CHARLES H. -. J. : TRUMAN & CO. ¦ Under
this name he continues to do business at the
• same place. Telephone Main 521$. ¦' .'
AUCTION SALES
O' BRIEN— In this city. July 21. - 1501. Patrick,
•beloved husband of Lizzie O'Brien, and lov-
ing father of William. O'Brien, a native of
' County Cork. Ireland, aged 73 years. .
:. [ETFrlends and acquaintances aret respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday),; at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4 Norton place, between Filbert, and
Greenwich streets, thence to St. Francis
Church, : where a mass will be celebrated for
the resose of his soul, . commencing . at ¦ 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
VEVIK— In this city,' July 21, 1901. Antone,
son of Peter and Johanna Vevik, a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 years.
WRIGHT— In this city. July 19, 1901, Mary E.
. Wright, beloved daughter of the late Captain
Charles J. and FraAces Wrisht, and sister
of Carrie Wright, a native of California.
[C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2' o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, S43 . California street. . Interment Ma-
'son lc Cemetery.' " *' ' ¦ i
WOLFF— In this city, . July 21. 1901. Meyer,
beloved husband of Gussie Wolff, father of
' Tlllie, , Rosle. Bertie. Joe and Beckie Wolff,
and brother of Benjamin Wolff and Mrs. D.
' Marks. . a native of Austria, aged 40 years
nnd 5 months. (New York City papers please
copy.) ¦ 'J.G. Taylor Visits Larkspur
and Takes Away His
¦¦:•...¦¦ ¦ ¦ - '- ¦
• Two Boys.
?
Mother Is Spending the Day With
Friends in San Francisco .When
Kidnaping Takes Place.
A^Rich Nevada Stock
Grower .Outwits Di
> vorced Wife. f
CATTLEMAN
ABDUCTS HIS
TWO CHILDREN
THE SAN FRANCISCO <CAIiL, MONDAY, JULY 22, 1901;
'Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay. •
' Jerry Thompson, the colored hostler who
fell. from a hayloft on June 20, receiving
Internal injuries, died last . night at - : St.
Luke's ' Hospital. , The. body ,was . removed
to the- Morgue: .-> Thompson-' lived* af-'696
Twenty-fifth street, Oakland. '
Succumbs to Sis Injuries.
.The excursionists who made a trip
around the bay and as far as Martinez on
the river , steamer. Dlmond, formerly , the
Queen of the Yukon, had; a lively time. of
it- -The same crowd that- went' out on the
City of Stockton several ¦ Sundays ago
were along, -and' air kinds of games of
chance were Indulged In. There were one
or two mix-ups but no one wad seriously
injured.- . , ¦ • '
Lively Sunday Excursions.
Commits Suicide With Gas.
1 John Millar, a hostler in the stables of M.
Lonergan; 15 Spear street, committed sui
cide by inhaling gas yesterday morning., He
was discovered about 6 o'clock in his bed
in the loft by. Lonergan. He had attached
a' rubber tube to the gas jet and inserted
the other end In his mouth after turning:
on the gas. He was a man about 50 years
of age. About eight months ago he - at
tempted to; commit suicide, in ;the same
way. \The body was taken to the Morgue.*
Best Routes j to the Yosemite .Valley
Are via the Southern Pacific.
Choice of three 3 old-established stage
routes, with largest 1 and best equipment.
Big tree - groves en route. . Rates low as
any.vwith or without hotel -or, : camp ac
commodations en route and in valley. Full
information and literature 613 Market
street and Mechanics' Pavilion.' .
Meetings Are Held, Plans Are Laid Out and Instructions Given, It Being Expected That Eight Hundred
Men Will Report for Work, but May Be Discharged, Whereupon Others Will Go Out in Sympathy V
Teamsters, was organized and secured its
demands before it was . admitted. ;to the
San Francisco Labor Council. If it brings
its grievances before us, the . executive
committee will ¦ promptly act, but ;until
that time we can take no-official;cog
nizance of the matter." • . ,--
Police officers, were detailed last;nlght
to carefully, watch' the stables of the prin
cipal drayage firms' in ¦ order to prevent
trouble. The usual morning watch will
be doubled and m#n called In from the
outlying districts will be held in reserve.
All the teamsters have been strictly en
joined by their leaders to go quietly about
tneir-' business; put Up .'their teams; if so
ordered and report at once to headquar
ters. 1 • ' '.-..- ' ," . f..-, . . •
PET ALUM A* July ' 21.-An . agent , for
Smith & McNab of San Francisco is here
to-day securing .teamsters, to fillrplaces
made vacant by.; the, teamsters' "¦ strike.
Several .nlens-have "been- engaged/- Other
trucking firms have -sent inquiries' for
men. Haying Is about over and ".help is
available. ' .- -•¦ • - . • -. •
ASK ' REINSTATEMENT \ OF: MEN.
Car Employes Ask That Discharged
Union Members Be Taken Sack. .
Every member jf of the Car Employes'
Union, which was very quietly organized
some two months ago, has been requested
to sign a petition asking -.the reinstate
ment of the twenty-five men who were
discharged ; by the Market-Street -Com
pany a few^ ..days ago on -account, of their
union affiliations. , Since, then a number
ori>the otheri lines of .the company* have
been, quietly: dismissed,^.:^? -i- .
The method'of forming 1 " the union -was
a peculiar one. A few of the men met
with an Eastern organizer 'and effected an
organization, applied for and received a
charter. ¦ Then, .during the off-hours ' of
the conductQrs and gripmen,~ representa
tives of the union would visit their homes,
obligate the men and place^thelrrnaraes
on the secret roll. In this way nearly all
the street railroad employes were brought
in. ¦ ! ¦»- ¦¦ }-¦ .-' ,. ' . , -¦ ¦..•-.'. ¦.'.'¦'..
Finally the secret got outrand the of
ficial ax descended on^themen who .were
supposed to have been most active ' in
pressing the usual demands. ' ..' .,
It was originally intended to insist upon
these demands being- put In -force .next
Wednesday, but, although they have. been
In the hands of the managers ofthe'eom
panies for: some time, two w^eks -further
time may, elapse before , any action is
taken. The men in Oakland, San- Jose
and. Sacramento are also thoroughly or
ganized ar.d in the event, of a" strike In
this- city ;a> sympathetic -strike may be
lcfked'for in all. three cities. . ¦> . v ?
a BOUT S00 members of the Brother
i\ hood of Teamsters will report for
jLj\ ¦ work this morning at their va
«f rious places of employment. This
is the estimate made by the of
ficers of the brotherhood, and it includes
every man who on Saturday night was
not notified by his employer to "obey or
ders or quit."
A meeting of the teamsters was held in
the Turk-street Temple early yesterday
morning and the situation* was thoroughly
discussed. After the meeting adjourned
the executive committee held an all-day
end all-night session at the headquarters,
«o72 Fourth street, where the men not al
teady discharged were given instructions
as to* the course to pursue. The. general
trend of thess instructions was, "Report
for work in the mornlne, but do not haul
anything for the Morton Drayage Com
pany."
The executive committee- of the Dray
men'^ Arscciation had a meeting at the
eame aimc and decided to put in force the
same.tule of policy that obtained on Sat
urday. Such men as return to work will
be given their orders to do certain work.
If they refuse each one will be sent to his
. barn and after Ills team is turned in will
be paid off. The representatives of the
teamsters say that if one man u. dis
charged the "whole Jiarn" will go out.
This/will result probably in a tie-up be
fore, noor. of every .drayage. firm in the
city.
There Is one body )ot. men that looks on
complacently at the pending struggle.
These are the independent express men,
who are not connected *.j"ith any union.
While the number of these wagens and
their carrying capacity is limited, still
Borne of the congestion of freight may be
relieved by employing them. It is claimed
by the teamsters that one firm alone can
handle as much freight in one day as all
the express wagons In the city and that
they do not fear any serious competition
from this source. I\>one of these wagons
are -built for the carrying of heavy freight.
Summing up the situation last night
There will be a meeting of the executive
committee of the .Pacific-;. States Lawn
Tennis Association this week, when | com
mittees win be appointed to handle the
coming championship tournaments.
. Wiehe and Adams will begin training
next week for the championship tourna
ments to be played In' September. The
pony team will probably be the best team
entered in the doubles.
Fatjo and Warburton, the champions of
Santa Clara, were out - during- the week
and showed 'up very, well In some practice
matches with the local men. •
In- doubles G. Armsby and B. G? Wood
beat Leonard Wood and Carl Gardner 4-6,
7-5, 8-6; Frank Stringham and Whipple
beat Sidney Salisbury and Percy Wil
liams 6-3, 6-4. 8-6, 3-6, 7-5; Ciyde Beal and
C. Gardner beat J. Gardner and- A. Klston
4-6, C-2, 6-3, 7-5; and A. Worthington and
C. Spangler beat Joe Daily and Dr. Noble
1-6, 8-6, 6-3. 6-3. 7-5.
Dr. PhlHip beat C. Adams, 6—1, 6-0, 6—1;
F. Stringham beat Whlpple. 6 — 0, 6 — 1. 6 — 2;
Barton Trowbock beat .C. Spangler, 7—5,-6—2;
Greenlee beat Wallace, 6—2, 6—4; G. Armsby
beat B. G. Wood, 6-0. 6-1, 6— 2, 6-3; J. Gard
ner beat Arthur Klston, 6—0.
Other matches resulted as follows:
The disagreeable weather of yesterday
kept many of the best tennis players
away from the local courts. The best
match of the day. was between Harry
Wiehe and Sherwood Adams," the Stanford
cracks. Neither had played since the in-,
tercollegiate tournament, but they showed
that they had not fallen off much in their
game. Honors were, even as the score
stood at 8-8 when play was stopped.
the Tennis Courts
Yesterday.
STANFORD'S BEST PLAYERS
MEET ON TENNIS COURT
Contest Results in a Tie— Games on
Estimates vary as to the number of men
and the far-reaching effects of the team
ster tle-ui». for the matter has not as yet
reached the proportions of a strike. There
are over 4000 men driving teams that are
connected with the various unions that
constitute the Team Drivers' Executive
Council. Then this body is affiliated with
In order that newspapers may obtain
their supplies of printing paper, the
Teamsters' Union has made a concession
to the firm that has the contract for sup
plying all the daily papers, allowing It the
use of two trucks in order to .fulfill its
contract with the supply, company. One
consideration insisted upon was mat the
firm should take its name off the side of
the wagons and remove' them to another
stable.
"We have about 800 men who have not
yet been notified by the Draymen's Asso
ciation to quit woik. These meu have
been instructed to return to work in the
morning and to quit if they are ordered
to do any work for an unfair firm. 1 We
understand that some of the foremen will
take out teams and try and do this work,
but we will attend to them when the time
comes. This whole trouble started with
the Employers' Association, and the Dray
men's Association is only a figurehead.
The Employers' Association wants to.
break up every union in town, and is do
ing the best it can to make people believe
it is succeeding. We can support our men
for two months if necessary in order to
keep them in line."
irpm the teamsters' point of view, Michael
Casey, the business agent of the brother
hood, taid:
• In this'.city he followed the musical pro
fession and. endeared himself to a host of
friends. - Professor Helmers took a keen
interest' in municipal affairs and was a
lover of arts and the sciences. -He is sur
vived by a widow and three sons who re
side in Sari Francisco. . ' .V
Deceased was a ; native of ' Sweden , arid
came to this country in 1851. He. located
in Cavaleras County and followed placer
mining for a' number of years 'with .vary
ing: success.: Thirty years ago he came to
this city. and resided here until his death.
Nils S. Helmers, a well known musician
of this clfy, died last Tuesday: at the age
of 77 years and his remains were Interred
011 Thursday; at Laurel Hill Cemetery. ;
at the Ripe Age of Seventy-
Seven Years. ,
Demise , of a Well-Known Musician
FHOFESSOR HELMEUS ;, .£* \i$
CALLED TO HIS REST
"All we know," said Mr. Goff. "is what
was stated , at the last meeting of the
Labor Council and what we' have since
read in the papers. The Brotherhood. of
"W. H. Goff, president of the" San'Fran
cisco Labor Council, said yesterday that
so far that body had no ofncial informa
tion regarding the differences of .the
teamsters and" their employes.'
No Official Information
The Pacific Mail dock, Oceanic dock and
American and Hawaiian dock are bonded
wharves and from these everybody can
be excluded, but the others are open to
th« public and at every . one of them
where a vessel is; loading there may be
friction to-day. • = "• y
Should non-union 'longshoremen be se
cured to handle the merchandise then the
sailors will go on strike and refuse to
work the ship. The outlook seems. to be
for a general tie up. - .'r:- :¦ . '. ~_. ¦
the "Water Front Federation, which 'em
braces .men' that are more or less connect
ed with or depend upon the teaming busi
ness. This includes stevedores, sailors,
porters, packers, warehotreemen, marine
firemen and engineers, and in affiliated
branches perhaps about 800O more. In the
event of a strike being ordered all these
would, of necessity, go out in sympathy.
There is. likely to be some lively times
on the water front to-day. Non-union
men will have to do the driving. In that
event the 'longshoremen will refuse to
handle the merchandise brought to the
various vessels by non-union drivers and
the coasting vessels will either tie : up or
go away in ballast. • " . . - •':
TEAMSTERS AND EMPLOYERS SPEND THE DAY
PREPARING FOR THE ANTICIPATED STRUGGLE
In the ' chief room': of every Japanese
house vthere is a slightly '.raised, dais,
which is arranged so that it can be shut
off from the rest of the room. This Is a
place for the - Emperor to sit j should he
ever visit that home.
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and rruarantea it. •
Crossed electric light wires "a
small blaze on the roof of thje Columbia
Theater last evening after 9
o'clock. -The lire, was not!cpd from an ad
joining building and a still alarm was sent
to flre headquarters, boing followed by an
alarm from box 47, on the corner of
Powell and Market streets. The fire-fight
ers quickly subdued the blaze and cut the
wires. There was no performance at the
theater, but the arrival of the fire appa
ratus " caused a. large crowd of people to
assemble in front of the building. ; J.
Electric "Wires Start a Fire.
' The death of Dr. Charles E. Cooper, the
distinguished surgeon, occurred yester
day morning at his residence, 1824 Pacific
avenue, inflammation of the heart, due -to
overwork,' being the cause.
Dr. Cooper had ; an international repu
tation and his death at the early age of
40 years will be mourned by a wide circle
of friends and admirers. He", was born
near Sacramento and was a graduate of
the Cooper Medical College of this city.
He completed his education in Europe
and studied under the famous savants.-
Pasteur and 'Koch. Last year Dr. Cooper
was a delegate from California to the In
ternational Medical Congress held in Par
is.. France, and 'in the same capacity lie
attended a similar congress held- in Mos
cow, Russia, in the previous year.
. Dr. 'Cooper was a member of the Ma
sonic fraternity and the Odd Fellows. He
worshipped : at the First Presbyterian
Church.- A' widow and twoi-children sur
vive the deceased.' The widow is a promi
nent member of the California and Cen
tury clubs. **
- Dr. -Cooper was 111 for three weeks nn.l
the news of.his death caused a : shock to
thore who knew him. The Interment will
be private. v \ , ,
Demise of Young Medico
Is Due Chiefly to*
- • Overwork.
DEATH CLAIMS
DR. C. E. COOPER
. After' a long 1 and stormy voyage on j the
matrimonial sea, months spent In the di
vorce court and the Incidental troubles at
tendant thereon, J. G. Taylor, a wealthy
cattleman of Nevada, accompanied by a
friend, went to Larkspur yesterday after
noon • and took f roni the custody of his
wife his two eons, aged 8 and 11 years.
The affair was conducted, so quietly that
the mother had no suspicion of her . loss
until the: deed was ' accomplished. Last
night Mrs. Taylor made a vain . search
for the children that were awarded to her
custody by, the court at the time of the
divorce.""'.- .::¦¦¦¦ ¦•¦ ¦: •» • ; *• »'.
3 When Taylor was a humble buyer of
cattle all .went well. A lucky turn In the
market .brought money and with it trou
ble. Mrs. Taylor sued for a divorce on the
ground of desertion, ; the husband not
contesting the suit. A 1 decree of divorce
was granted, and the custory of the
children was given to the mother. "She
was granted a settlement of $10,000 and an
allowance of $75 a month for the care of
the children. . - •• .
Some months ago Mrs. Taylor, with the
two children, left San Mateo to take up
her residence In Larkspur. Yesterday a
message was received by her Inviting her
to spend the day with friends in San
Francisco. She left her children with
friends and came to the city to enjoy, her-
Hardly had Mrs. Taylor left' the" sum
mer resort when her former husband ap
peared. Accompanied by a friend he
walked. up the only street that Larkspur
boasts and found his children playing in
front of the house where they were living..
"Oh, papa." cried the elder, and the
brother joined in the glad refrain.
/ "Come along with me boys and we will
take a ride to the city," said the father.
He .grasped one youngster by the hand
and his friend the otheT, and the. next
train out brought them to San Franfiiseo.
It was some hours later when Mrs.-Tay
lor heard that her children had, been
taken . from her. The people with whom
she was stopping missed them about the
usual time for meals and made inquiries.
They learned that while the' children were
playing in the street they were ap
proached by , two men. and accompanied
them to the train. . So quietly was the
matter accomplished that but little atten
tion was paid to it. -
Alarmed at the long: absence . of the
children, their temporary guardian noti
fied Mrs. Taylor and she returned to
Larkspur, at once. By persistent inquiry
she declared that her former husband
was the man who took her children, and
endeavored to head him off. but without
avail. \- . .
¦ Taylor claims that his wife has, by fre»
quently changing her place of residence,
kept his children from him. He has other
accusations, he says, to make, and now
that 'his children are in his custody pro
poses to take them out of. the jurisdiction
of tMe California courts.
12
H^^^ ' TT " A IT
0 1— 1 1 a 1 /* I
||.;;; VALUESi^ :'
During tie lalance of this month, anfl Drlor to
our Ssinl- Aniiual Stock-Taki-na Julu 31st, we
§ will offer large auantltles of HOUSEKEEPING
LINENS at VERY LOW PRICES,
275 FINE IRISH DAMASK TABLE (iOTHS, l y W and 3
uarrls long lu 2 wide, at S2.OO, $2.75
and $3.00 each. NAPKINS, 24 Inches Sduare,
to matcfy S3. CO dozen, all good designs.
300 .Dozen 24 and 26 INCH BLEACHED DAMASK NAP-
KINS, YeriT handsome. designs, from Irish, German
and Scotch factories. Tnese Napkins haYe not ann
', " cloths to match^ ?-
Price S3.5O Dozen.
: 300 Dozen Extra Size BLEACHED AND LOOM HUCK
TOWELS, hoth hemmed anj(L hemstitched. Thesa
Towels are from one of the hest makers In Ireland*
- { Price S3.5O Dozen.
* 30 Pieces SATIN DAMASK TABLE: LINEN, 70 Inches
wide, Yep-B. handsome designs.^ These Damasks are
¦.- from the celehrated house of Wm. Ewart & Sons,
Belfast, Ireland.
Price Sl.OO Yard.
DINNER NAPKINS to match eYeru pattern,
S3.50 Dozen,
300 Pieces IRISH TOWELING AND GLASS LINENS, PUP8
linen and full 18 Inches wide. These are from the
factories In Ireland of Richardson and Llddell.
Price 12Lc Yard.
3 Cases EXTRA HEAVY WHITE TURKISH BATH
TOWELS, 50 Inches long and 23 Inches wide. These
, Towels are pure finish and' free from ang sizing.
Price S3.OO Dozen,
OR 25c EACH.
1 111. 113.- IIS. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
G0LDBSB3. B0WEH * CO'S SPECIAL SATCf 0 SALS
V P e r f u m e r.y -
Vee-o-lay Paris— reg'ly 5: bottle 80c
24 odors — quadruple essence
- T>o oth powder
- Wright's— reg'ly 25c bottle 2OC
Ga n d y
v Old fashion- molasses and 2OC
peanut bar— reg'ly 25c lb
L em on squeezer
All glass— simplest made " IOC
Catalogue free for a postal
432 Pine 332 Sutter 2800 California San Fraaclse*
Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland
ADVERTISEHTENTS.
OPTICIANS V^w^
- 642 Market 5t. snstrumsnts
unpia cMROMiat BWU01M6.. Catalogue Frjc.
Quick Repairing. Factory on Premises.
Ocallsts* Prescrip'». FUled. Phone— Mala la.
'Broken Eye-Glass Lenses
'Replaced Jor Fifty Cents.
Any Astigmat'c Lens Duplicated for
DR.-CROSSMAH'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For 1 15? cure of GONORRHEA, OZJSSXS.
STRICTITRES and analogous complaints oT tb«
Organs of Generation. - » ¦¦-•-, . •
f rice (1 a bottle. For salo by druKSlaUo
¦ .»¦ MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
Bg.OOD.UVER.LUMGS.
dr.pierceb
GOBiDERI
BDWEM
a X CD
Mondoy Tuesday Wednesday
But ter
F^ncy creamery— reg'ly 40c sq 35 C
B a king Powder
Excelsior— reliable — economical — -? OC
1 and 5 lb cans— reg'ly 40c Ib •*
a r d 1 n e s :£{¦
Imported brands — Ispa — TO- ; -l7 i C
Bezier-reg'ly I2$cand2occan / 2
Safety matches
Jonkopings-r-tess ~
danger from fire— .5 doz box 25c
reg'ly^ doz boxes 25c
P i n e p pie
Grated— sliced *'? ' -r^ -~ ¦ „„
. for kecream-Shurfcet— 2 cans. 25c
fruit ices-delicious flavor dozen $1 35$
Ripe o 1 i v es
California— reg'ly 35c quart 25c
L u c c a* oil
G B & Co Sublime— our im- g j j 0
portation— reg'ly $1 25 i gal can y
Cur r y p ,6 w de r
Vencatachellufh— bottle 1 CC
exquisitely palatable 3 .,
Prunes
Italian— rich tart fruit ]bs 2 CC
reg'ly ioc lb - ; , J* w '
M a p 1 e s y rup
Hezen— reg'ly 65c J gallon can 60c
G e la tin e
Cox— large package— makes ¦ 1 re
iM pints jelly— re£*ly-2oc ¦:- j'-.r vi
C r y s t o l/a
Quick scouring soap— dozen 45 C
Breakfast rnush^
University— oats— 2 packages - p
. " ' wheat— 3 Z 5 C
C og n a(c
Bottled in France— 3 star— '4 j 2 O
reg'ly $1 50 bottle . .
S co t c h' .whisk y-
. reg'ly *peclml
'Highland Club— $1^ 85c
Caledonian -1 35 ;. $1 10.
M al t w H 1 s lc y
Wni Pehn — reg'ly $1 bottle— *7 CC
Duffy— reg'ly 85c bottle • ' ?..._•
jSar sap a rill a !
Vartray— a pleasant and health- * -\-
¦ ful summer drink-reg'ly $1 25 doz**
H a m a m e 1 i s
" >fpint"i5c— Pint 25c— .' quart 40c-
S0LDBZS8, B0 WEN * CO'S SPECIAL SAVIHS 8AL1
• . : Clearance ,_ ||l||| -
•/X^ffiffm,,,,, 'Y/JW^^^^^ ' Special Bargains
:«JiPhhH§. ln Every De P artmsnt - ¦
/^^MBM^^C^^^^^^^^^ Handsome Bedroom Suits— Brass
* '¦ '¦^v"*J8ok Beds, Separate Bureaus. Chiffoniers,
*ffl^i^~$TJEl ~«m>~>^$^^^£*u~^L Fancy Rockers, Folding Beds an.i ',-'-'
m l^nM/'' a^L"rk..»'^^^! i other household goods which you
ffi,,^^-- 1 }j 2^i^&&$5at^^i^ can secure at prices never before of-
: / , -Don't Miss This Cpportunfty. t
;.;, -*iy Special Discounts 'irom^ib)t6;46^per / \ccnt[for i .qash^. - ?
, THE MONEY-SAViNG ; 'FyRNITURE;ANb CARPET HOUSE. "
ttX v'.' V. . ¦'. '.¦¦ ... . _ . '¦;. ¦.;'':_.."¦"-. Cash' of. Credit. '•/. . . , .- ¦ .
KHAGEN FunNiiuHE G0.> ?^?^Ji?^%:
GET EN LINE
THE MONROE -POCKET
GAM ERA
¦•','-' t Marked down from $3 00 to
£1.75
Is a. reduction that otber houses
could not afford to make. This
week will positively end this sale.
Extra plate-holders for above cam-
eras reduced to 25c each.
<¦¦¦ IT your eyes trouble you we can flt
# yoir*with good, reliable glasses. Shlrp-
eer'e Patent Clip holds glasses on and
gives comfort to wearer.
OMB /HgT pfCT HS jA^B ''¦ , - - Jm _im*TT^ iiirfWIitftt^ ' m&Bk ¦ ' ' * " IflR
I HAS BE,EN REDUCED TO 1
1 If your dealer charges you the 1
I old price, 5 for 10 cents, don't i
I pay it; go to a dealer -who will I
I give you your money's worth I
1 un&fviv
i nuRuM
y "' "%&'* Great Train
I AMD , * runs but twics |
I THURSDAY |g|
rur Leaving at 9 am, •
THE * „ » , ,
It arrives in
ttufOBiu <^t
Lirni I LiJ its Mfl» stindird
Iel tenle* b
0? * fully maintained.
SANTA FE
. ADVERTISEMENTS.