.V
VOLUME XCI.-NO 19.
TWO OVERLAND TRAINS CRASH TOGETHER IN MONTEREY
COUNTY AND THERE ARE FEARS OF HEAVY LOSS OF LIFE
TWO Southern Pacific overland trains came into collision near Upland, in Monterey County, this morning at 2 o'clock, At this hour, 5 a. m=,
it is not known if there was any loss of life, but it is believed that the north-bound train is in flames. A large number of surgeons and
a wrecking train were sent from San Francisco at 4 a. m., and at about the same hour another wrecking train, accompanied by surgeons, was
It is probable that there has been loss of life and maiming of trainmen and passengers. The two trains reported in collision are: No. 9,
north bound, which was due to arrive here at 7:30 this morning, ;and No. 1 o, south bound, which left here last evening.
Superintendent Frazier of the coast division of the Southern Pacific said that they had only meager information up to 4 o'clock. He said
the two trains were reported to have collided near Upland, the engines crashing together head on, and that the two locomotives were demolished.
As this indicated a serious wreck he said I surgeons were summoned and wrecking trains ordered out from both this city and SanLuis Obispo.
WAR IN UNION
LABOR PARTY
STILL RAGES
Parry Faction Holds the
"Works Against all
Comers.
Deposed Delaneyites Threat
en Appeal to Courts
For Redress.
21 ayor-Elect Sees Shadow of Buck
ley's Hand Behind the Scheme
to Capture the Com
mittee.
The expected has happened. Strife and
acrimony over the division of patron
age have disorganized and demolished the
governing body of the Union Labor par
ty. In the hope of restoring harmony and
preventing a general outbreak In every
labor camp that sent delegates to the
late nominating convention Mayor-elect
Scbmitz has Intervened, but there is no
sign that his intervention will soften the
asperities of the struggle. It happens un
fortunately for the Mayor-elect that the
number of candidates for official favor
under his coming administration of mu
nicipal affairs Is far in excess of the
number of appointments allotted to the
Mayor. As soon as his selections of men
to serve on th© commissions^ are an
nounced the army of the disappointed will
increase and the' "turned down" will rise
up to ensile the musician in the Mayor's
chair.
The Rocfc of Patronage.
The provision of the charter vesting in
th» Mayor almost autocratic power may
t1v« bins •trencth a* an executive to car
ry out »ora» particular policy, but from
a political point of view It Is an element
of weaknemt rather than of vtrength. The
appointing power waa tha rock that
wrecked Mayor Phelan'i political craft.
It can hardly b« expected that Behmitt
will es'.n wisdom by noting Phelan'a blun
der*. The &«v Mayor displayed eom«
personal characteristic* of rough and
ready leadership when he went to the
front night before last and restored J. B.
Parry to the chairmanship of the party'a
executive committee from which place
the latter had been deposed by a clam
orous faction. The Inside tip Is to tha
effect that A. Ruef, Eugene E. Schmitz
and J. 6. Parry.- who were active promot
ers of the Republican Primary League,
discovered behind a group of Democratic
politicians in the camp of the Union La
j,or party the shadow of Boss Buckley"6
Viand and forthwith resolved that the
City Hall pastures should not be opened
to the lambs of old.
Parry in the Saddle Again.
Mayor-elect Bchmitz promptly placed
Parry in the saddle again and the latter
is riding with a free rein. Where Parry
viil ride to is yet conjecture. He may
dismount in Congress,' or he may be dis
mounted before he reached an ordinary
place In the municipal administration.
Leaders of the deposed faction will not
stand too much rough riding. Already
they have taken counsel of a lawyer and
threatened to go to the courts with their
grievances. The final appeal for redress,
however, will be taken at the ballot box
in the next election. Meanwhile Parry is
cavorting. He is planning to extend the
Union Labor organization to other cities
and making calculations that the party
can elect thirty-five or forty members of
the next Legislature. The advisability of
taking a hand In the San Jose municipal
flection, which occurs on May 19. is also
/being discussed by members of the Par
ry committee. There is a big war on
Continued on Page Three.
The San Francisco Call.
STEAMSHIP SAN BLAS IS WRECKED ON SALVADOR'S COAST,
BUT THE PASSENGERS AND CREW ARE SAVED FROM DEATH
h-M> HE Pacific Mail Company has
H met with another heavy loss. .
O The steamship San Bias . ran
M ashore five miles north of La
jbL Libertad, Salvador, and probably
will- be a total loss. The vessel
was bound , from. San Francisco, for Pa
nama and way ports.
The following dispatch sent from. Colon
via Galveston, by the Panama agent of
the Pacific Mail Company, gives the fol
lowing account of the loss of the vessel:
! "The Kan- Bias ran ashore five miles
north of La. Libertad, Salvador. All the
passengers jincl crew were saved. The
baggage and deck cargo will be saved.
All the ctlu-r cargo Is under water. The
steamer will probably be a total wreck,
Ttyere was no excitement when the vessel
ran a.=hore and the passengers were well
provided for." . ;
The San Bias took from here a. : cargo
valued at ever $160,000. Everything for
ports south of Acajutla was aboard wherr
the vessel was wrecked, and cables ;from
La Libertad, La Union, Amapalai Corinto,
San Juan del Sur, Punta Arenas and Pa-
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1901.
PACIFIC MAIL COMPANY'S STEAMSHIP. SAN BLAS, WHICH WAS WRECKED ON A REEF FIVE MILES NORTH
> OF LA LIBERTAD, SALVADOR. SHE WAS; ON HER WAY FROM SAN FRANCISCO FOR PANAMA, BUT
CARRIED NO FIRST CABIN PASSENGERS. - . \. ' . . .
nama poured into the city yesterday, giv
ing duplicate! orders for the lost goods.
When the San Bias left here she had on
beard:
For Central America— 3306 barrels of
flour, 24,500 pounds of corn, 6000 pounds
of beans, 706 packages of potatoes,, 40,600
feet- of : - lumber, . 3 packages of building
material,' 4 boxes of candles, 80 barrels of
cement, 8 packages of cordage, 122 bales
of cotton, 6 packages of Chinese'mer
cnandise, .571 packages of dry goods, .S3
packages of drugs, 20 . packages ," of dry
goods, 450 pounds of dried fruits,, 88 pack
ages of mixed fruits, 52 cases of canned
salmon, 4, packages of- shrimps, 2 packages
of mixed fish.'lO bales^of bags, • 580, paclir
ages. of groceries, 335 pounds of bread, 30
packages of; . glassware, 6 , packages of
pipej; 1 roll of" leather, 236 packages : : of
hardware, ■; 36 - packages of ... machinery, : 21
packages of | iron, . 1100 ■ pounds of '. malt, 2
rictcages* of j meal; 200 pounds- of- seeds;' 13
packages* of ' halls, 1 584 ;; packagesT of arms
and v ammunition^ 1197- gallons .'of 'sperm
oil, • 474 . cases of.' mixed ' oil, * 39 packages of
paint," 16,700 pounds of tallow, 90 packages
of paper, 150 kegs' of powder, 14 packages
of furniture, 80 cases beer, 300 pounds of.
butter,'. 30,000 pounds .of ,' rice,' .40. tons of
salt, 202 boxes," of ; s'oap, 10 . packages of
starch",, 12. boxes of paste,^347 coils i of wire,
30; barrels of oil; 368 gallons "of whisky,
106 packages of mixed liquors," 5340 gallons
of wine, 10 'cases, of boots and ■ shoes. . .
.. Heavy Loss of Provisions..
i.The value of thecargo to Central "Amer
ica ;waa ; J94, 469. ,;'*".':. ",, -'.''■ - *.
' To Central America in transit— 262 bales
of cotton, ,71 -packages of dry goods, 96
bales of bags, 2S packages of groceries. 1
package, of glassware, 29 packages of
hardware, 6 packages of machinery. 110
packages of ivory. 3 packages of arms and
ammunition, 4 cases of mixed 'oils. 1
package of paper, 7500 pounds of rice, 1
box of paste. 40 barrels of oil, 30 gallon*
of whisky, 50 pounds of tea. The value
of the cargo In transit to Central America
is 139,425.- T'';
To Panama— 880 barrels of flour. 150
sacks of onions, 20 packages of potatoes.
4 packages of Chinese merchandise. 115
cases of canned, goods, 6 barrels of sal
mon, 15 packages^ of shrimps, 26 packages
of groceries. 100 v packages of hardware.
10,000 pounds of rice.
: All: of this stuff was aboard the vessel
when she ran ashore, and besides it there
was a considerable amount. "of treasure.
The crew of .the San Bias were: Captain,
Joseph F/Cattarlnich; chief officer, James
Malnwaring; second officer, J. W. Ram
sky; thjrd officer, Paul Dlttke; chief engi-
Continued on Page Three. ,
PRICE, FIVE CENTS.
INDUSTRIAL
DEPARTMENT
IS FORMED
Labor Peace Movement
Is Merged Into Civic
Federation.
General Committee Organizes '
and Elects Senator Hanna
Chairman.
Statement by Promoters of Plan for
Harmony Pleads for Rightful Bs
lations Between Employer
and Employe. ' ?■ ;
NEW YORK, Dec. 18.— The committee
which was chosen by the conference
called to consider plans for healing tho
differences between the capitalistic and
labor interests of the country organized
to-day, elected officers and issued a gen
eral statement of Its mission. Senator M.
A. Hanna was chosen its chairman, with
Samuel Gom'pers first vice chairman.
It retains its connection with the Na
tional Civic "Federation and becomes tha
industrial department of that organiza
tion. The statement -which was iss-ued ex
pressed a determination to strive for In
dustrial co-operation, to aid In establish
ing rightful relations between those who
toil and their employers, to confer and
advise with employers and employed when
In conflict, to encourage agreements under
which labor ahall be performed and to
arbitrate disputes when both sides to th«
dispute ahall ask for such mediation, A
determination to avoid discussion of ab
stract Industrial problems waa avowed.
Meeting of the Committee.
The general committee met to-day Jn
private conference to take up lt» work.
Among thoie in attendance wer« Oicar
Btraut, Charles M. Schwab, 8. R. Cat*
loway, Charles A. Moor«, Corn«llus N.
Dltat, Lewtt Nixon, J. J. MeCook, R. M.
Eatley, 8amuel Campers, John Mitchell.
Frank Sargent and Jam«» Duncan. It waa
announced that a eommlttae on pltn and
scope, on which Senator Hanna, Arch*
btahop Ireland, Bishop Potter and Maatri.
Oompers, Nixon, Mitchell, Calloway. 8ar
gpnt. Bliss, Schwab and Straus had been
named, would present a preliminary report
during the day, but all Information as to
the nature* of the report was withheld
pending its consideration. Before tha
meeting was opened to-day Chairman
Straus made a brief statement for pub
lication.
Two Million Will Co-operate.
"I cannot tell you unythlngr about the
plan for putting Into practice the peace
ful projects of this conference," he said.
"We are at work on it and In due time it
will be made public. I believe every man
named on the committee will serve. All
of the labor leaders have accepted and
In. this epoch-making union of labor and
capital no man can deny his services to
a project that means such a great good
for his country. The approval of f.he
labor leaders means the co-operation of
more than 2,000,000 organized workers. As
we progress in this work it becomes more
apparent that the chief cause of" trouble
In the past has arisen from misunder
standings. Never were truer words
epcken than by John Mitchell yesterday
when he who has seen more strikes than
any man of his age in the country said
that there never was a strike which could
not be averted if the opposing interests
had first met and fairly considered their
respective rights."
Scops of Proposed Work.
"When the general committee was called
tc order Senator Hanna was elected chalr-
The following statement was given out
Continued on Page Threa, '„2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A LARGE STOCK
RICH
HOLIDAY GOODS.
Night Robes
Neck Dress
Gloves
Underwear
Shirts
Hosiery
Handkerchiefs
Pajama Suits
Umbrellas, Etc.
EACLESON i CO.,
748-750 Market St.,
242 Montgomery St.
We are prepared to furnish unexcelled black.
also cray. roofing slate, manufactured at our
Quarries In EI Dorado County. We Invite com-
parison with any Eastern slate.
On abdication full Information will be fur-
Bished intending builders.
* LURliK \ i LATE CO
Itgom 15, Second Kloor. Mills Building.
San Francisco, Cal.
For Stomach Disorders-
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkalincj Water
Sao BKOADWAT. N. T.
SAILORS ATTACK
WIFE OF CONSUL
Germans Assail a Party
V of Americans in
Hongkong.
Special DiSDatch to The Call
VICTORIA, B. C Dec. IS.— Advices were
received from Hongkong, by the steamer
Tosa Maru. which arrived to-day, of an
attack on United States Consul General
Rublee, Mrs. Rublee and a friend while
the party was returning to the consulate
In Hongkong, on November IS, after a
visit to the United States steamship Ken
tucky, then at Hongkong. The Consul and
his frier.d were walking, while Mrs. Rub
lee was riding in a rickshaw. As they were
passing Blake Pier a number of Ger
man sailors, all more or less intoxicated
attacked the rickshaw in which Mrs.
Rublee was being conveyed by a
number of coolies. The Consul and his
friend defended Mrs. Rublee with their
canes and managed to repel the Germans
until the attention of the assailants was
diverted by the coming of some Chinese,
who>ii they attacked. The Consul General
Mrs. Rublee and their friend then made
their way to the consulate in safety.
Consul General Rublee, after reaching
the consulate, at once placed the facts be
fore the German Consul at Yokohama and
steps will be taken to obtain redress for
the attack on the representative of the
Washington Government. The assault
took place In one of the busiest localities
of the city, yet there was no Interference
on the part of the police.
The Best Fountain Pens.
We are Belling agents for the "Water
man Ideal Fountain Pens." $2.50 to $10.00
each, and sole agents for the "Marshall,"
the best $1.00 Fountain Pen in the world.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Safe Prison for Kilpatrick.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 18.— Ben Kllpatrlck, the
Montana train robber suspect, who was
convicted here recently of uttering forged
bank notes, and sentenced to fifteen
years' imprisonment in the Jefferson City.
Mo., penitentiary, will be imprisoned in
the Ohio State penitentiary at Columbus
instead. His companion, Laura Bullion
will be sent to Jefferson City.
J0m ' Good g'ifts
ft I For real, nice, dainty gifts — per-
f$&**rzk*d$ fumes, soaps, toilet waters, tQilet
' j^sfarfcSSH cases, atomizers — The Owl Drug
£. Jj&^S Store can give you your full
i^^^^^OfT* money's worth.
f^y/^^^^^^iyj^, Toilet Soaps of the very high-
<W^£x&\4iS% sZ/y^ tst quality, made by Roger &
f/BSb^^^^ \St**ar Gallet. Violet, Piver. Pinaud.
■j Colgate, from 10c to $3.00 a
| Perfumes % cake -
Roger & Gallet's French Per-^ ; To I I C t S C t S
fumes from 75c to $8.25 a ; A1 j kinds-for every use-
bottle, manicure, comb and . brush,
... , n . . -at i glove, handkerchief and necktie
~y i ° "^"'A 3 " Perfumes {rom boxes; everything at cut rates.
7.>c to 9O. .iO a bottle.
; Colgate's American Perfumes AtOHlIZCrS
from 5Oc to $3.OO a bottle. From everywhere where good
_ . '- '. , '■■:. , atomizers are made. Every
Fancy bottles in pretty boxes manner of making f rom 25c t o •
from 20c to $20.00. $10.00.
U2S MAkKET
BROADWAY^TENTHat.q/IKLANI?. ",
FUNNY SIGHTS ARE TO BE REVEALED
BY USE OF THE NEW "SPECTOGRAPH"
Great Invention by Dr. Sylvestre by Which One Using Teleohone Is
Enabled to See Interlocutor and tatter's Surroundings— King Leopold
Arranges a Special Audience for Purpose of Inspecting the Device
LAST Monday The Call published
the following copyrighted cable
gram from Brussels: "The Inde
pendence Beige says that Dr. Syl
vestre, born an American but nat
uralized as a Frenchman, has invented a
spectrograph, which enables a person us
ing a telephone to see his interlocutor and
the latter's surroundings. A French Minis-
"THEY'RE LIARS,"
SAY5 SULLIVAN
Chicago Man Makes His
Own Statement in
the Court.
CHICAGO, Dec. IS.— Alexander Sullivan
took the witness stand to-day in his own
defense on the charge of conspiracy, and
denied all the charges against him. He
said also that the persons who accuse him
of wrongdoing have spoken falsely.
Thfe greater part of his testimony re
lated to his coming to Chicago, working
as a reporter on several Chicago papers
and finally going into law. He said he
knew James J. Lynch, the jury briber an'!
prosecuting witness; also Frederick St.
John and George P. Murray. He said he
knew St. John to be an employe of the
West Chicago City Railway, but denied
any conspiracy with him to keep Lynch
from the jurisdiction of the court.
Sullivan admitted that he knew Dan
Coughlin, of Cronin murder case noto
riety, but' denied ever having had deal
ings with him. He denied also any con
nection with the Grlnnell case and dis
claimed connection with the jury selecting
procedure in cases where there was jury
bribing.
Before Sullivan took the stand, Judge
Hutchinson testified in his behalf as a
"character witness," and ex-Judge T. A.
Morgan, who was Sullivan's attorney In
the Hanford murder trial, took the stand
for the same purpose. Morgan said he
had heard nothing derogatory to the de
fendant's character prior to the outburst
of the jury bribing deals of two years
ago.
Cross-examination by the State brought
out the comment by the former Judge
that he meant the terms "honesty and
integrity" in a strictly technical sense,
and that further than that he would not
go. He said the Cronin murder case had
brought out a great deal of comment on
the defendant's character, as did the Han
fcrd trials. ,--:-
THE" SAN FKANC1SCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1901.
CARTOONIST WARREN'S IDEA
OF THE USE OP THE "SPEC
TOGRAPH."
BURY VICTIM
IN A TRENCH
Murderers Commit Ter
rible Crime in Salt
Lake City. .
SALT LAKE CITY, Dec. 18.— The body
of James R. Hay, secretary of the Pacific
Lumber Company, was found this morn
ing burled in a shallow trench alongside
the Rio Grande tracks near Sixth East
and Thirteenth South streets.
Monday night Hay called at the home
of Peter Mortensen, a contractor, living
at 220 Walnut avenue, and collected $3800
which Mortensen owed the Pacific Lum
ber Company and which late in the after
noon-Hay had refused to accept, not car
ing to leave that amount in the office safe
over night. He gave a receipt to Morten
sen, for the money and left the latter's
house with the remark that he was going
to take the money to Manager G. K. Hom
ney of the "lumber company.' Since that
time nothing had been seen or heard of
Hay untllhis body was found thia morn
ing. The money was gone and In the
back of Hay's head was a jagged wound.
It is the theory of the police that some
one saw Hay receive ' the money from
Mortensen, followed him when he left the
house and murdered him. then buried the
body. in the hastily dug trench. Hay was
about 31 years of age, prominent in Mor
mon church work . and was implicitly
trusted by his employers. He- came to
Salt Lake from 'Australia several years
ago.
Peter MorteriWn, the contractor who
paid young Hay the money Monday night,
was arrested this afternoon, on suspicion
of beins connected with the murder and,
taken to Chief of Police Hilton's office.
Mortensen, it Is stated, gave the police
their first information in regard to the
location of the body and this determined
the police to - place him under arrest.
Mortensen denied all knowledge of the
crime. Considerable excitement has been
caused by the crime as young Hay was
exceedingly popular and open threats of
lynching are heard. . -.- - .
Late Tuesday night Captain of'Detec
tives Seymour received a dispatch from
the Chief of Police of Salt Lake, asking
him to arrest Hay. The dispatch read
that Hay had $3800 ih his possession and
the sender asked the local police to take
possession of It in case they arrested him.
SETTI/EMENT IS MADE
IN AN OLD LAW CASE
Litigation Against Lake County in
Colorado Is Ended by the ..'
.-■;; Courts.
DENVER, Colo., Dec. 18.— The final act
in the long litigation against Lake County
because of its repudiated bonds and .war
rants, issued from 1879 to 1886, occurred in
the United States District Court to-day
when nine, the last of forty-nine judg
ments against the county, were dismissed.
The suits were compromised by the pay
ment of $700,000 voted at , the last Lake
County election.' This is about- $90,000 in
excess of the face value . of the bonds.
However, the bondholders will receive
only a part of this amount, there being
large attorneys' fees to be collected and
many expenses of long litigation.- '
ter, according to the paper, has witnessed
conclusive tests of the invention and King
Leopold has arranged a special audience
for Dr. Sylvestre for the purpose of in
specting it. It is said that the instrument
can be adapted- for use on an ordinary tel
egraph wire."
In the accompanying picture Cartoonist
Warren gives his idea of how a "specto
graph" might work in San Francisco. -
BRITONS WILL
BORE FOR OIL
English Capitalists to
Form a Gigantic
Company.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., Dec. 18.— It was stated
here to-day by business associates of
former Governor J. S. Hogg that the lat
ter would leave New York for England
in a few days to close negotiations with
British capitalists for the organization of
a gigantic oil company which is to op
erate In ..the Beaumont fields.
This British syndicate, in which Hogg
will be a heavy stockholder, will have a
capital stock of $25,000,000 to $50,000,000, and
its purpose will be to acquire the hold-'
ings of a number of smaller independent
oil producing concerns, build and operate
pipe lines and establish a fleet of oil ves
sels to ply between Port Arthur and the
European markets."
James W. .Swain of Fort Worth, who
is one of the five members of the Hogg-
Swaln Oil Syndicate, has been in London
for several weeks arranging the prelim
inaries for this big transaction. Hogg
has been in New York for about a month
on the same mission, but his presence in
London, is now needed to arrange final
details of the deal. Part of the Hogg-
Swain tract of proved oil land valued at
$2,000,000 will be put Into the new com
pany.
Christmas Presents
Such as "Water Colors, Etchings, Photo
graphs, Statuary, Gold Clocks, Candle
Sticks, Candelabra, Cameras, Dress Suit
Cases, Trunks, Valises, Pocket Books,
Fountain Pens, Pictures and Frames.
Best values In every department. "Visitors
always" welcome. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
CHILD IS MURDERED
BY AN INSANE FATHER,
Renchjnan Attacks His Wife and
Then Attempts to Destroy a
Family. :
SALT LAKE, Utah, Dec. 18.— While suf
fering from an attack of Insanity Sunday
.night. Dexter Knight, a ranchman living
near Bryan/ Idaho, a village fifteen miles
from a railroad, killed- his five-year-old
boy and severely injured two others of
his children. Knight arose during the
night and attacked his wife, who seized
her baby and fled half a mile across the
country to the nearest neighbor. When
help arrived Knight was found in the
midst of demolished household furniture.
He had -killed his five-year-old boy by
dashing the baby's cradle on him, had
beaten the two almost- into unconscious
ness and had then put them all in bed.
Knight was overpowered and placed in
jail. .
Repeats Charges Against Dowie.
CHICAGO. Dec. IS.— Samuel Stevenson,
brother-in-law -of "Dr." John Alexander
Dowie, in Judge Tuley's court to-day
again charged the self-proclaimed "Elijah
the Second'" with having fraudulently Be
cured his signature to a contract which
he alleges defrauded, him of $185,000. The
contract, called "the private agreement,"
was produced in court, but Stevenson dis
claimed any knowledge of having signed
this particular document. He said , he
knew he had signed an agreement, but he
charged Dowie with having had him un
der his Influence at the time of the sign
ing of the papers to such an extent that
he. might < have signed anything Dowie
wanted him to sign. l
Two ChildrenDie in Fire.
- CANYON. CITY, Colo., Dec. ■ 18.-Two
daughters of Mrs. James Ewing, six and
four years old. were burned' to death in
a fire that destroyed the house occupied
by Mrs. Ewing and her six children at
Lincoln Park,, one mile east of here, to
day. Another of the children was bo bad
ly burned that she will probably die.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. All
drupgists refund the money if it falls to cure
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box, 2So •
PLACING HEAVY
GUNS IN MANILA
Military Is Guarding
Against Rising of
Fortifications Are Constructed
at Points Hitherto
Unprotected.
{ Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 18.— The steam
ship Tosa Mara, which arrived from Yo
kohama and China ports to-day, brings
mall advices from Manila to the effect
that In view of the possible rising of na
tives in that city, fortifications are to be
established. The Manila Times says In
this regard:
"Artillery is being placed at points
about Manila hitherto unprotected, except
by small infantry guard detachments.
Two rapid fire gatling guns have been
placed in the headquarters department of
Southern Luzon and it is understood that
a small gunboat will take up a position in
the Lagoon, -% the rear of the headquar
ters building. The headquarters of the
department of Southern Luzon is in
Paco and only a mile from Santa. Ana.
This section of the city has always been
more or less a hotbed of Insurgents and
insurgent sympathizers. At the time of
the outbreak in February, 1S99. some of
the most desperate fighting that occurred
in Manila took place in that vicinity. The
civil authorities have several times made
arrests there of insurgents in league with
those In the field.
"Old Fort Santiago, too, is bristling with
guns. Two rapid firing gatlings have
been mounted on the ramparts, one of
them commanding a full sweep of the
Calle Principe and the river front. At
the point of the wall facing the river
three sentries, with powerful field glass
es, have been placed to scan the sur
rounding country. A small gatling has
been mounted on the Buffalo, General
Chaffee's private launch, which is moored
behind division headquarters." '
The same paper says: "The'Cavite ma
rines, to the number of 300, are stationed
at Balinguiga, the scene of the massacre,
and, in conjunction with the soldiers of
the Eleventh Infantry, will operate from
the south, searching and burning . the
country nothward, until they meet and
join hands [ with the Twenty-sixth,
Twelfth, Seventh and Ninth regiments.
This is the first part of the plan of cam
paign. When the southern part of the
island is thoroughly cleared, operations
will begin from Luzon and other points
in the vicinity to the southern line of
troops, thus. rounding up Lukban's army
for . the final extermination. Samar will
then be made a desert, where birds can
not live. . . •
"There is a bare possibility that, awed
by the terrible punishment about to be
inflicted, Lukban and his followers will
decide to throw themselves on the mercy
of the Americans, trusting to any terms
that may be glveYi." •
The article tells how the gunboats pa
trolling Samar. are harassing and burn
ing Coast towns, driving the rebels to the
interior.
Skins and Wood to Burn.
We have fitted up an exhibit of bufrit
wood and leather which all are invited to
see. Wood and skins for burning and
pyrography machines at very moderate
prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market.*
The wearer knows where the shoe
pinches.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ATOP JOTGH
SHOB
JFOR ;
TOP NOTCH FOLKS
ATA U
BOTTOM NOTCH
FRICE.
IT'S A BEAUTY.
HERE IT IS FOR |
S2,5Q. I
A BEAUTIFUL, ||
STYLISH, ■ .... B
STRONG Rj
WOMAN'S SHOE. H
'It's made of vici kid, la • circular H
foxed, extension soled, patent tips, SS
military heel. A new manish last. H
Silk-faced and a shoe well worth M
and usually sold for 53. Our price, n
we say again, 19 19
LIPPITT & FISH 5 R. I
945 Market St. I
.We give regular and green trading H
stamps.- ' la
OPEN EVERY EVENING. M
Dr. Lyo'nV
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a. Quarter of a century.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAa
Via SauMllte Ftrty. .
??'j';i7 ■■ Commencing September 1001 •
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. '•'"^AX
WEEK DAYS — 6:55, 8:30, »»:80, 11:00 a. m
•1:45 3:15. 4:15, 6:15. *6:l5. 6:45 p. m *
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. r
SUNDAYS— *8:00. •10:00, »ll:30 a. ml •i-is
3:15,v*4:45. C:30, 9:30 p. m. ■ • - . . : .
■ Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISPn
WEEK DAYS-*5:25. 0:27, 7:45, S:35 in-is
a- r£, '12:25. 2:15. »3:35. 4:40, 5:30 pm"
an? X S T a^da?s RI a P t S 6?4 n 5 »SSf p.^^^
n?r^f^45f'. 6 i^ P ;^°°- ; ii: « M »•.
' Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin •
am. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10 p. m. i0
"EXTRA TRIPS Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05 2-15
3:30. 6:00, 0:45 p. m.' , . ' "•
■— THROUGH TRAINS.
6:65 a. m. week days — Cazadero.and way
stations. ■■• ■ : -■■'.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. '
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. v
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time.-
AJDVEBTISEMENTS. ./
BRIGADIER GENERAL OOOK,
[One of the Many Famous Men Who Believe In Pe-ru-na.]
W^y^ \BRIG. CENl. GEOl'W.COOK. I 1
Brigadier General George W. Cook, Washington, D. C, writes;
" As a number of my friends have used Peruna for Catarrh, withi
such good results, I can safely recommend it to all sufferers oi like
disorders." BRIGADIER GENERAL GEORGE W. COOK.
FID UlDTRIAftl CIVO ease but catarrh and fin(3 no cure.
Ufli nAnllllAli OAlO They have never thought that what they
win iinniiiinn wniw had been calling dyspepsia, or liver com-
o 1 l 1 *l a 1 xi. if 1 xi. plaint, or kidney disease, or female weak-
Catarrh IS the SCOUrge Of the Nineteenth ness, is catarrh of these organs. If they
0 did know that this was the case they
uSntlirjfi would get Peruna and cure themselves.
Peruna cures catarrh of any locality. If
Have you catarrh? Maybe you have not: catarrh is in the head, Peruna cures it;
but do you know that a person may have if in the stomach, Peruna cures It. Uke-
catarrh of the head, catarrh of the wise of the liver or kidneys or any other
throat, catarrh of the lungs, catarrh of organs of the human body,
the stomach, catarrh of the bowels, ca- Everybody can get a free copy of a
tarrh of the kidneys, catarrh of the blad- book on tatarrh and other diseases of
der, and also the other pelvic organs? winter by writing at once to The Peruna
Are any of these organs affected in your Medicine Company, of Columbus, Ohio, 61
case? -■ pages, instructively illustrated.
If so, the probability is that you have If you do not receive prompt and sat-
chronic catarrh. So many people think isfactcry results from the use of Peru-
that catarrh is confined to the head. • na, write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving
This is not true. Catarrh may affect a full statement of your case, and he will
any organ of the body. Thousands of be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
people who have been sick a long time vice Kratis.
have catarrh, but do not know it. They Address Dr. Hartman, President of Tha
have doctored for every imaginable dis- Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. ■ m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. - ■
San Rafael to Son Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:1.0, 7:50, 0:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, H-AO, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Eztra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, a:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
5:05. 0:23 p. m.
' Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 1901] San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination | days. [ Daya.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, 10:40am S:-ll)am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10:25am
fi:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 0:20pm
Fulton.
7:30am "Windsor. 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Ukiah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and
6:10pm 6:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| J10:40am|10:25am
3 :30pm [ 5:00pm| SeBastopoI. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
GeyserviUe for Bkaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyville Carls,
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Eartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. . Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's, Buckneirs
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Orr"s Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal, WilliU, Laytonville, Cummins
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olaen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. .
On Sunday* round-trip tickets to- all points
beyond San Rafael at naif rates. *
Ticket office, 650 Market street, Chronicla
building.
H. C. WHITINO, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•' Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12p 3:27 p 8:05a
" Vlsalia.. «:39 p 5:00a
" Bakerafld C:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p '9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train ia the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfield for accommodation of
local flrst-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m
daily.
■ 4:20 p. m. la Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
S:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p m
daily.
i 7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway
Oakland*.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry" Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Days. days. %t days. Days.
, Fire, Sin FraacUco to Summit an.l R«>urn. II VI.
Ticket OScm, ca JiAIi 20E.T ST&IX7 tnd SAUSAU30 TOUME.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
'southern picmo.
Train lwitvn anil i»rt> dim to itrrl** *•
v> man rKiJiiimu. «^ .
J (Main Lii>e. Foot of Market Stareet) • ■**
UUTK — FROU DXCSMBER 6. 190L — ARBIT1
7:00a Benicia, Suisuu, Elmin and Sacra-
mento - 8:S3r
~xOOa Vacarille, Wlntera.'RumsoT ..' T>O3r
1 sStt a Martinez. Sau lUmos, Vallejo. Map*.
Calistoga and Hauta Itoa* S:33r
8:00a DaTia. Woodland. Knig&ts Landing,
MarysTille, Oro»illB. 7:53p
8:00a Atlantic Kx press— Ogden and Esat II:23a
»:»»» Xiles. Lathrop, Stockton ~>S3r
SiOOANilea. Mendota. Haoford, Vlsalia.
Porterrule ■t-.SSr
•sSOa Sbasta. Kiprtw- DutIs, Williams (for
. " .. : Bartlett Springs), WiUoirj, Bad
Bluff, Portland... .., 7iSa»
SiSOa San Jose, LlTerraore, fetocktmi,
lone. Saeraiueuto, Plaoenrille,
M»ry»»l!le, Chico, KadBliXT 4>«9v
SiSOA Oakdale. Chinese, Sonora. Tuolnmna 4sX3r
»:««* Hayward, Kilesand Way B^tiona.. ll:Mt
BiOOa Vailejo 13:23?
0:00 a Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Latiirop, Btockton, Merced
Freiuo and Los Angeles 7:33*
BtSOA Vall^jo. Martinez ami Way Stations 7:53r
IOsOOa Ths Oierland M mi tod— Ogden. Den-
ter, Omaha. Chicago S>SS»
tl:00p9acraineutolUt«rSceamer« {lllOOy
8:OOp 11,'uicia, Winters, Sacramento,
Womllmid. KutghU Landlug.
Marj»TiIl«. OroTllle 10:33*
S:30p Hay ward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 7i53r
4i»Or Mattiuaz. (iau Ramon. Tallalo.
Napa. <;»ll»t.,u». Si»nt» Itosm VxSHf
4:00? Nlles, LlTermore, Stockton, Lodl... 12>23»
4a!t«>r Hayward, NUe», Han Joie, IiTermora t* :i53 A
4:3»7 The Owl Limited — Fresno, Tulars.
BakttrsBeUl. Saugus for Santa Bar-
bara. Los Anicelea S:S3*
StOOr Fort Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Btoekton 1o:»3a
OiO«rMw«(»i, Antlocb, StocKSon, Mer-
ced, Fresno 1»«23»
0:««p If ay ward, Miles and San Joss 7t53»
fO:OOr Valleju 11:294
StOOr Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denter.
Omaha. St Lonls, Cblos(o 4s33a
7sOUr Oregon au<l California Kxprasa-.8aa>
rniiiriitii, MarysTill*, Itedtllii|,
Purtlaml. 1'iiget rjoimd and Kut liUi
• Mi.ipSan Pablo. Port Coata, Mutiaes
•nrl W»y rJUtions 11i«3a
t»:O3p Vallcji 7^3y
COAST IjINE (Narronr «aas«).
• (Foot ot Market Street.) _
8:13* N«wark.OeuteMUIe,. < J»aJoii9,F»ltou,
Boulder Creek.Sauta Orusaod Way
Station* Si»»»
tstililr Newark Cent«rTilI», San Jose, Kew
Almaden. Felton. Jioulder Creak.
• Santa Crux and trlaoipal Way
Sutious JtiBOA
4tl3p Neirart, San Joie, Leg Gatoi t*«8°A
o9.3op Hunten' Train— San Joe« iiad Way
Stations trjtVW
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Frta Si) raA.ICISCO — Faot of Mtrkat SUeet (Slip 8)—
t7:16 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:93 3:09 S;19'.*.
frjmOnUSj— r«it •rBra»iw 1 t.— fit:O) {8:00 18:01
10:00 A.M. H:C3 2.C3 1:03 tM.
COAST LiIXB (ISroa.l Ha>a;«).
(ThlrJ and Townaend 3 to.)
6:IOa San Jose and*Way WUliona. «:40a
7»00\ Han Jose ami Way Stations \%:<HQ*
/7:«<»a New Al.ra.lcn / 4:109
8:00a Coast Lino Limited — San Joie,
Gilroy, Saiinaa, San Lois Obispo. i
Hanta Barbara, Los Angelea and
principal intermediate stations .... 1 0:43y
9'OOa Nan Jose, Ties i'inos. Uauta Vmr.,
Mil (iro»<-, Salinas, San Lois
Obispo and Principal intermediate
Stitti.ms ■*:!•»
!O::tO v San Jcse and Way Stations. atS«A
IIi»«a HanJosuaml Wa» .SUtlons 0:40a
12: np San Muteo. Ur.lwooil. Blenlo Park. I Ik
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara, Han Jose. \ W
TresPisos, SimtH Ornr. Salinas. >"
Moniorry »i..l I'acilie Crove t«O:434
8:3Oi-S'an Jnaeamt Way Ktatinua. lsan*
t4:13r SaiiJonean.1 rriiictnal W»y Station* 3t30*
4i3Or Sunset limited— Mondays, Wednes-
day!!, Friday*, for Loj Angeles, El -.
Puo, New Orleans and New York.
ArriTes Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays IOiISa
fStttOrSan Jose. Loa Gatos and Principal
Way SUtious 1l»»OO»
SiSOr Run Jose ami Principal Way .Stations Ct30r
6i:J0p San Jose ami \V»y Stations 7>30f
7t00p New Orleans Express — San Lui» .-."•■
O'uispo. Santa Barbara. Loa An-
geles. D.-mtag. El Paso. New Or-
leans and East 7s3«»»
«ll843p.San .Iiwican.l Way Stations 7t30>
A for Morning. x P -for Afternoon.
♦ Himrtnr fx^nvr.ej. J ♦ Sunday only. •
_«3atuTi»i»»- <>'>!y. / Tur«d.iy.» and Fridayj^
/*~%l Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/Lw«jffi| 629 KEABST ST. £sUblishe4
I S*l i Si H. *a f " 1S34 for the- treatment of Frlvata
i yi i Js^wSiff Di.-«er»ses. Lost Manbo<Ml. Debility or
KfKaSggK&ijAtli.-tpasp wearing: on bodr and mind and
•raE&JKHJ^|3kln Diseases. Tbe Doctorcures when
LjVii'Bwfri'^hers fall. Try hira. Charges low.
? ! !<X£.u&iLsi< 1 "re«saarr»iitv«-d. Callcvwri»
Mr. J. Jt 1 . «IU2OS. sail fraacisco. Cal.
p. •^patents!! 1$%
WeeHy Gi $1.08 bbt Year"v ASVESTISE3IEJTTS.
Positively cured by thess
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tonjjue. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
■ ■ V • «
Turn on the. Light
of investigation into our laundry methods
and work and you'll find our telephone al-
ways at hand to answer your call. We
know the result of the investigation, hence
ff.ake your ordering easy. Prompt deliv-
ery of perfect -work only. No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Offlc*— 54 San Pablo Ave.
California
Limited...'
The greatest train across the conti-
nent High speed combined with
high-class accommodations have made
it the most popular with travelers.
From San Francisco, daily, 9 A. M.
Ticket Office— 641 Market Street
It is a shame 13TT 17 Q To Be
For any cace of XT JL JLJLa O Cut
Modern science has completely
mastered the disease without sur-
gery or delay* Do not allow your-
self to bz butchered until you have
investigated. Over one thousand
cases permanently cured Without
a single failure, 500 of whom live
y'm the city of San Francisco. The
names of 75 prominent business
men sent 2s reference. Do not
take my word for it, but find out
what they have to say. The
worst cases wanted. Write to-
day for further particulars. Ad-
dress Resident Physician, Box
2673, Call Office, San Francisco.
(Perfect EYe-Glasses
fiffe&jDy ExperfupticL^rxs
"
QPTEClANS^Du ■rnS^P^'^^'^'Js
"' ' rHO'""^ Scientific *
642 Market St^ instruments.
CM>Ot/tCU BUtLDine.
/•"V Rupture Cured.
M A Tbe celebrated California In- (
ft) -iiil Ten tor, I>r. Pierce, discovered/
tt»t toe onl» remedy for Kup-
V J^A ture is Electricity, and In per-
M #^*\*f fecting bis wonderful Llectro-
/n./i*^9*r 5k' Magnetic Truss and estab-
fff^-V/Ax?? liebiugits salethrongbout
the world, hs gave to suf-
\ fJse^^eaaBs™ fcrcrs frccuhisdangerous
Wi^®B8 maladj tbe relief »ndse-
4 45f^^^^F enrity rainly songbt for
elsewhere. This renowned
v -*?S k -f>* appliance is radically dlf-
. ... 1 jf. Big O Is * non-pokonorw
** & remedy for Gonorrhoea -
<fj&£P'^r^H Spermatorrhoea,
>f« Whites, nnnatural dis-
iSgS/iaj u 5 dtrt. \l charges, or any mCnaina-
|grgi££Jy£ *5 tion giUfe. or « S
t^grrcTtttcoBucfcm. u °£^ ""on-astringent.
EriXTHtEvANS CHEIr'ICAlCX &old b y I>ra£Tfflet».
ragt.CiNCimT',0 .[>££! or Bent in plain wrapper.
C. E. A. j^rT by exprcn*, prepaid, lor
<£&!&>,*— <#^fl *'•<». or 3 "OttJcii, 92..\
a Circular ecnt on request.
Weekly Call,$M)0 per Year
MAY BE VICTIM
OF BAY DISASTER
Miss Josephine Smith Is
Missing From San ;
xtatael.
Friends Fear That She-Per
ished in the Ferry-boat .
Collision.
Special Dienatch to- Tbe Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 18.— The name of
another victim.may.be added to the list
of ■ those who met death in the collision
of the ferry-boats San Rafael and Sausa
lito. Miss Josephine Smith of this city
has been missing since the collision. All
of her effects are at her home here and
no word has come from her.
Miss Smith has resided here a year.
She was a Seventh Day Adventist and
had been treating a number of persons
here for rheumatism. About four clays
before the accident she went to San
Francisco for a visit of a few days. No
one here knows whom she intended vis
iting. Robert Jones, with whose family
she lived in this city, believes that Mis=s
Smith was lost on the San Rafael.
This view is shared by Mrs. Mary
Lewis, with whom Miss Smith previously
boarded. Mrs. Lewis, who was a patient
of the missing woman, says that Miss
Smith intended returning on the night of
the collision. Mrs. Lewis can account for
her disappearance on no othex ground
than that she perished in the^acciderit.
She says that the lapse of more than two
weeks, during which time •no word has
been received, confirms the fears aroused
soon after the accident.
O .I-M..M..M-M-M"! ■I.I..H"I..H"I..H..I. •
WAR IN UNION LABOR PARTY,
Continued From Page One.
In San Jose. Johnny Mackenzie is lead
ing one faction of Republicans and E. A.
Hayes is at the head of another. It seems
hardly possible for the Labor party to
get in without making alliance with one
faction or the other, but Parry, guided
by Mayor-elect Schmitz, may find an
opening.
Chapter of Inside History.
The inside history of the raid to oust
Parry and gain possession of the party
organfzation is interesting. Mayor-elect
Schmitz declined to make any promises
of patronage to certain members of the
committee, and they immediately jumped
to the conclusion that Parry was to get
all of it. Consulting among themselves
and taking advice of Buckley, they said,
"We will capture the works and force
Schmitz to our terms." Thirteen of the
twenty-five joined the movement and re
organized the commiltee, ousting Parry
from the chairmanship. Then the propo
sition was renewed 10 the Mayor-elect
that they would be satisfied with three
appointments — one for the Fire Commis
sion, one for the Board of Public Works
and one for the Election Commission.
They went so far as to name the men
whose appointment they desired.
Meanwhile the defeated candidates were
appealing for recognition. They were in
sisting that they carried the banner of
the party in the battle and went to de
feat with honor. They held a conference
and decided that they would be satisfied
if four places weje given to them— one
Fire Commissioner, one Election Commis
sioner, one Police Commissioner and one
member of the Board of Public Works.
When the four were agreed upon every
defeated candidate whose choice was not
embraced in the list selected began an
agitation on his own account for patron
age. . .--■ -. •' -
The Mayor-elect having only eight com
missioners to appoint the appeal was em
barrassing. As one of the eight must be
an artist and another a physician he had
practically only six remaining. Of course
after satisfying the demands of defeated
candidates he would have had two for
the public generally if the executive com
mittee's bunch of thirteen had not de
manded three. All the demands have
not been registered. It is said that every
member of the executive committee ex
pects something for himself. The great
est roar ever heard in San Francisco will
be uttered when the Mayor-elect names
the new commissioners.
Failed to Secure Warrants.
The Buckley members of the commit
tee whose overthrow at Tuesday night's
meeting rankles deep are doing their ut
most to regain their lost prestige. Tim
othy Ryan and J. Lane, two of Delaney's
warmest supporters, called upon their at
torney, T. Carl, Spelling, yesterday morn
ing, and after a long conference the party
proceeded to the office of the warrant and
bond clerk at the Hall of Justice and de
manded two warrants—one for the arrest
of C. Aubertine, secretary of the commit
tee, for the unlawful .conversion to his
own use of property belonging to the
committee and for the mutilation thereof
and the other to enable the officers to
search Aubertine's premises for the books
and documents in his possession.
Bond Clerk Peery considered the mat
ter and decided not to take action until
after mature reflection. He announced
his belief that the complainants were not
entitled to the warrants in question, and
Ryan and Lane were informed that the
matter would be given careful considera
tion. No warrant was issued during the
day, and. the chances are excellent that
none will be Issued unless more valid rea
sons for that step are assigned.
Unable to secure what they wanted
from Peery. the committeemen visited
the office of District Attorney Byington
and asked that he take some steps in the
premises. Byington declined to take any
action, claiming that he lacked Jurisdic
tion. He hinted that the minority com
mittee had little legal standing thus far.
and that if it had a complaint the proper
body to adjust the same was the execu
tive committee itself.
Will File Suit in Court.
During the day a meeting* of the dis
satisfied members of the executive com
mittee was held in Attorney Spelling'*
office, and It was decided to take the mat
ter into court to-day. The precise nature
of ..*ie proceedings to be had was not di
vulged, but the impression prevails that
a writ of Injunction will be applied for in
order that the regularity of the act of
the Parry faction In seceding from the
main body mipht be determined. With
regard to the fillnsr «of the complaint to
day Attorney Spelling said:
There can be no question that" the action
taken at the meeting Tuesday evening by th»
Parry faction Is illegal, and that the books
and papers of the committee are improperly
In the hands of Aubertine. The law grants to
executive committee* of political parties the
same rights as attach to private corporations.
I I I * «j i-; e >est selling 1 book
JL ■ i 1 y in the ; y
mOv UnitC(i Stat «-
PARKER, . \^
I; DE LUXE EDITION^^ X» R
(by order only) $7.50. '.• ' '
We cannot insure delivery before Christmas of
copire of the De, Luxe edition ordered after December 18.
FrankHn HARPER & BROTH ERS
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALIi^ THURSDAY, DECE31BER 19, 1901.
FAILS TO PROBE
MURDER MYSTERY
Nevada County's : Grand
Jury Returns No
Indictments.
Is Not Quite Certain -That
Joseph Griffith's; Died a
Violent Death.
Special Dispatch to The Cail.
GRASS VALLEY, Dec. 18.— Nevada
County's Grand Jury has been unable to
fathom the Griffiths murder mystery; m
fact, if a portion of its report is permitted
to stand alone the jury is not even pre
pared to say that murder was committed.
After more than a week spent in investi
gation the Grand Jury ended its labors
to-day without having brought in a true
bill against any one in connection with
the crime.
Grittitns' body was found at the bottom
of an abandoned mine shaft months after
he had disappeared from his home in this
city. The snatt was a few feet back of
tne house of Charles Allen, and the dis
covery of the body was due to informa
tion given for a monetary consideration
by a relative of Allen. About the time
or the bndmg of tiie remains Auen's wife
disappeared. She was captured a few.
days ago in San Jose, and said in inter
views in that city that her husband and
Urimths had been rivals for the love of
another woman and that she had feared
trouble between the two men. Sheriff
Getchell, while in San Jose to bring Mrs.
Allen back to this city, declared that the
two sons of Allen had given testimony
strongly implicating their father.
If there was not sufficient evidence
upon which to base an indictment upon a
murder charge, it was believed that the
Grand Jury would at least cause several
persons to answer for perjury and for
withholding testimony at the time of the
Griffiths inquest. This the investigating
body has not done, and it has passed up
to the Governor of the State the task of
unraveling the mystery.
Despite the fact that Griffiths' body
was found hidden under a pile of refuse
at the bottom of a mine shaft, and that
during the autopsy a bullet was found in
the body, the jury's report contains this
remarkable paragraph:
We are unable to find a true bill, for the
reason that 'it is impossible to determine as a
fact that a crime has been committed.
Further along in the report this contra
dictory statement is made:
Nevertheless, under the suspicious circum
stances surrounding the disappearance of Grif
fiths and the finding: qf ' the body, we, the
Grand Jury, believe that a murder has • been
committed, and therefore recommend that the
Governor of this State and the Supervisors of
Nevada County offer appropriate rewards for
the arrest and conviction of the murderers of
said Griffiths.
The meeting in question was duly called by the
proper officers and the legal officers were in
attendance when the meeting was called to
order. For a majority to leave the hall with
the records, go to another place and hold an
independent meeting at which the books are
mutilated, is clearly a violation of the rights
of the" other members of the committee who
opposed such a radical proceeding. These
rights will be maintained at any cost. We
contend that the law is on our side, and for
that reason we will take the matter into court
as speedily as possible. I was not in sym
pathy with the movement to secure a warrant
for Aubertlne's arrest for unlawful conversion
of property and the failure of Ryan and Lane
to secure a warrant did not surprise me. There
is another way for the dissenting members of
the committee to secure their rights and it will
be adopted to-day. . . . .
Mayor-Elect Is Satisfied.
•Mayor-elect Schmltz expresses -himself
as, .being well pleased with the coup d'etat
of^Tuesday evening, and with the remain
ing members of the committee he laughs
at the efforts' of the Buckley faction to
regain their alleged rights. In speaking
of the affair last night he said: .
I heard several days ago that Buckley In
tended to capture the committee and make the
Union Labor party a tail to his awakened po
litical aspirations. I went ' to the meeting
Tuesday evening with one purpose in my mind,
namely, to reconcile the warring factions, if
that were possible. Chairman Delaney's rul
ings convinced me that there was no hope of
bringing about the desired reconciliation, and
when he decided a certain motion carried when
in fact seventeen voted against it to seven in
favor I decided to take a hand in the proceed
ings. I then requested all who favored ..fair
play and harmony to follow me and we ad
journed to another hali across the street and
reorganized the committee. That's the story
In a nutshell. •
I have no fear of the results of the suit to
be filed by the dissatisfied minority, or rather,
the Buckley contingent in the committee.
When the seventeen • left the hall .there was
no quorum with which to transact business.
The contention that our act was illegal can
not in my Judgment be sustained in court. It
will, be hard to overcome the principle that
the majority rules at all times in all assem
blies. Had the Buckley contingent a quorum
left after the majority adjourned to another
place the legal aspect of the situation might
be different. As it is we are on the right side,
and that being the case the future of the
Union Labor party is assured.
The refusal of the Mayor-elect to pledge
himself to appoint certain members of
the Buckley , wing to fat offices on -the
various commissions is primarily respon
sible for the troubles in the committee.
Delaney, the deposed chairman, has been'
making a strong fight for a place on the
Board of Fire Commissioners, but Mayor
elect Schmitz refused to make any prom
ises to that end, and this accounts for
Delaney's attitude toward the Parry con
tingent. ■ It is said seventeen applications
for six offices 'have been filed with the
Mayor-elect, most of these.belng by mem
bers of the executive committee of thi
Union Labor party. Schmitz has posi
tively announced that he will favor all
parties in making appointments, and that
no party will be in a position to say that
it owns him absolutely when it comes to
niling the vacancies on the municipal
boards after he assumes the discharge of
his official functions.
District Club Indorses Parry.
•At a special meeting of the Twenty
eighth District Union Labor Club held
last night at the Packers' and Porters'
headquarters. 142*4 First street, the fol
lowing resolutions were adopted:
Whereas, There being some misunderstand
ing between some of the members of the
County Committee, which we regret and de
plore; and whereas, J. S. Parry and the com
mittee of which he la chairman, having worked
faithfully and honestly for the "success of the
Union Labor party, and as we desire harmony
in the party, we hppe all of the members of
the committee will return to the original com
mittee and peace be restored; and be it
Resolved. That we, the members of • the
Twenty-eighth District Union Labor Club, do
indorse and recognize J. S. Parry 'as the chair
man of the" County Committee of the Union
Labor party, and as such we will receive his
instructions; and further be it •
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be sent to the County Committee and to th«
press. ! .
COURT DISPUTES
WITH ATTORNEY
Repartee, Enlivens the
; ' Proceedings in
Alturas.
Lawyer Raker Meekly Dodges
Contempt Proceedings
by Apologizing.
Special Dispatch . to The Call.
ALTURAS, Dec. 18.— Proceedings In the
trial of James W^V. ' Brown, the alleged
Lookout lyncher? lacked' their usual' vim
and dash to-day, for only once did the
court find it necessary to discipline an
attorney for the defense. During the ex
amination of a witness this forenoon,
Raker, for the defense, made one of hla
characteristic orations to the jury, detail
ing something that had hot appeared in
the evidence. Judge Harrington said that
the attorney'ssword could not be taken/
as he was not under oath. ;
"My word is as good as yours any day,"
was the retort of counsel. ..
Raker was cited to show cause at 1:30
o'clock why he should not be punished
for contempt. After he and the court had
argued the point at length, he apologized..
The Judge did likewise, and the contempt
ruling was dismissed.
District Attorney Bonner has now
aligned himself squarely upon the side of
the accused men, if his attitude before
the Grand Jury may be taken as a.crite
rion. . Assistant Attorney. General ■ Post,
representing the ■ State, is .endeavoring to
have the Grand Jury indict other sus
pected lynchers' who ' have "' been impli
cated .by- testimony given by witnesses
for the prosecution. In this he is op
posed by Bonner, who has urged the
Grand Jury to return no more, indict
ments. . Bonner gives as an excuse for. his
course the belief that it would be impos
sible to bring about the conviction of the
accused men. :
To-day's proceedings in the trial of
Brown were limited to the cross-examina
tion of Robert Courtwright by the de
fense. Courtwright is the witness who
saw Justice of the Peace Myers and
others testing rope in a Lookout store on
the day of the . lynching. The entire day
was spent in an endeavor to entangle the
witness, enlivened now and then by at
tacks upon his character by attorneys for
the defense.
Wrongfully Accused of Theft.
SACRAMENTO, . Dec. 18.— A spiritual
istic medium styling himself as Sir Peter
Gordon, but who was known here several
years ago as Dr. Waite, when he was giv
ing hypnotic exhibitions, was arrested a
week ago on a charge of stealing $300 from
Mrs. Belle Christie, an aged woman who
sought his advice. The preliminary exam
ination of Gordon was to have taken place
in the city Justice's "court this morning.
When the case was called Mrs. Christie
took the witness stand and tearfully ex
plained that she had found the money un
der a bed, where it had fallen. Gordon
was discharged. He had been unable to
give bail and spent a week in jail.
INDUSTRIAL DEPARTMENT FORMED
Continued From Page One.
at the conclusion of the executive session:
"This committee shall be known as the
Industrial Department of the National
Civic Federation. -"1 , ■■ -'■ '
"The scope and province of this depart
ment'shall be to do what may seem best
to promote industrial peace; to.be help
ful in establishing rightful relations be
tween employers and workers; by its good
offices endeavor to obviate and prevent
strikes and lockouts; to aid in renewing
•industrial relations where a rupture has
occurred: * = ■ . ■ . .
"That at all times representatives of
employers and workers, organized or
unorganized, should confer for the adjust
ment of differences or disputes , before an
a.cute stage is reached, and thus avoid or
minimize the number of strikes or lock
outs.
"That mutual agreements as to condl- j
tions. under whic^i labor shall be per
formed should be encouraged, and that
when agreements are made the terms
should be faithfully adhered to, both In
letter and in spirit, by both parties.
"This department, either as a whole or
a sub-committee by It appointed, shall,
when reauired, act as a forum to adjust
and decide upon questions at issue be
tween workers and their employers, pro
vided in its opinion • the subject is
one of sufficient importance. This de
partment will not consider abstract indus
trial problems. " -
"This department assumes no power cf
arbitration unless such powers be confer
red by both parties to a dispute. This de
partment shall adopt a set of by-laws for
its government." ' m
HannaMade Chairman.
'Officers were elected and committees ap
pointed as follows: -
Chairman— Senator Marcus A. Hanna.
Vice chafrmen— Samuel Gompers and
Oscar S. Straus.
Treasurer— Charles A. Moore.
Secretary—Ralph M. Easley.
Committee on by-laws— Oscar S.. Straus,
S. R. Calloway, James H. Eckels, Jdhn
J. McCook, Samuel Gompers and Harry
Hite.
The committee on by-laws will report a
set of by-laws to the executive committee
at a meeting to, be held about, the last
week in January, the date to be fixed by
the chairman.
PRINCETON, N. J., Dec* 18.— Former
President Cleveland was asked to-day
whether he had accepted membership on
the labor committee . appointed in New,
York yesterday. .Cleveland said: \
VNo; I have not yet accepted it.. I am
not prepared to make a statement at the
present time.".
STEAMSHIP SAN BUS WRECKED,
Continued from Page One.
neer.W. H. Dlxon; first assistant . engi
neer, C. Tiernan; second- assistant engi
neer, B. Burress; third assistant engineer,
W. Dunlevy; purser, R. C. Morton; sur
geon, H. C. Dukes, M.D.; chief steward,
J. L.. Lawton; chief storekeeper, W. Blos
som; steerage steward, John Baker; steer
age waiter, ; R.r Morlena; chief cook, E.
Austin; second cook, W. Jones; bakers,
A. Ybarra and J.' Johnston ; butcher, L.
Kichberg; pantryman,- J. Brockley; mess
boy, W. Cowes; waiters, J. Gonzalez, T.
Francisco, T. Blankenhorn, J. Williams, i
V. Boguero, V. Henly; saloon watchman,:
H. Wiston; boatswain, Petro Modeer;
quartermasters, -Thomas . Cleland, Charles
Modeer, J. Gillen, J. Alexander; seamen,
Robert Gomez,' Jose ' Ybarra, Tlburcio
Sllva, Simon Morales. Telesfaro Sotro, Na
thaniel Hernandez, Juan Trlgueros, Man
uel Malka; mess .boy, Bohemia Samoro;
firemen, J. Madrigal, <T. Salgarde, B. Gu
tierrez, M. Rojas, G. Smith,: J.- Lock; coal
passers, S. Flores, A. Garcia, A. Moreno,
E. Rivera, F. Munez, A. Flores; mess boy/
A. Torres. . •
Small Passenger List.
There were no cabin ; passengers and
only, three in the steerage. These latter
were L..' H." Whitehouse,- William Hunins
and G.S.Kean.: Besides these there were
forty-four Chinese In ". the .' steerage when
the vessel left port, but nearly all of them
left the vessel at the first Mexican port.
The chances are that many of them are
now back in San Francisco. ,
■ . The general Impression in shipping cir
cles ■. is that the : San ', Bias was wrecked
Tuesday night during, a heavy fog. •.:•, Cap
tain ■ Cattarinich is i known ; as one of the
most careful navigators on -the coast and
the loss of his ship will probably be found
to be an unavoidable accident. -
The San Bias was .built: by John Roach
& Co., at Chester,- Penn., in 1882. She was
2075 tons gross burden" and 1496 tons net.'
Her length iwas 2S3 feet, her ; beam 37 feet
and her depthof hold 21 feet. She had no
double -bottom," so the chances of salving
her'are very., slim. ;? She will' probably
make i a dot : on ; the coast line ■ showing
where the Pacific Mail lost another vessel.
_ : '/-■■• . ADVERTISEMENTS.; .. ~ : :>. :'■>'' ■■"'*
~u — .^^^~ w .u..^~~ r ~~ — ~~ — rrr~y — " — :r"~"* — ~ — ~~ : :
i -liiiiiiM 1 iiwiHi ' ' '' : ' : ; ■■Bin mil 1 mi mi — -— — : ! "' ' ' l I
h have instantly made a place for 3 1
II themselves with smoRers of 1 I
P||lfSSM^KlM^^f have suffi- I I
I I cient " body " to satisfy and yet 1 I
I 1 they are not strong. :^ 1 1
II For this reason you can smoke J i
il as many of them as you want to 1 1
|i "feeling it. 1 1
1 I 10c for* 10 ANAIvGYIxOS, N I m
H B-' ■ A VA Aw» Manufacturer of t/>e famoa* Egyptian Deities Cigarettesi \ | 9
SCHLEY FILES
HIS EXCEPTIONS
Declares Court Did Not
Consider All of the
Testimony.
WASHINGTON, Dec' 18.— Late this
afternoon, Admiral , Schley, through his
counsel, j filed with the Secretary of the
Navy his bill of exceptions to the majority
findings of the court of inquiry and also
a letter asking to be allowed to be heard
in connection with the objections to be
filed by attorneys for Admiral Sampson
to the • individual opinion of Admiral
Dewey. This action was taken after Ray
nor, Teague and_Captaln Parker of coun
sel had held a "consultation throughout
the day with their client. {
Secretary Long almost immediately
after the receipt of the communication
called Judge Advocate Lemly and the
solicitor for the department, Hanna, into
conference. At its . conclusion the Secre
tary said he had no statement to make re
garding any action that he" might take In
the premises. He, however, indicated to
Teague, through the judge advocate, that
he would not hear» an oral argument by
Raynorregarding Admiral Sampson's pro
test, but that he would receive a written
statement. It was expected that counsel
for Admiral Sampson would file their ob
jections to the findings of Admiral Dewey
in , the case to-day, but it is now stated
that such objections may not be j offered
before Friday.
Objects to Approval.
Schley's bill of exceptions . declares that
the applicant "objects to the approval of
the findings of the court upon the ground
that the opinion rendered and the report
of facts made by the majority of the court
are in conflict with the overwhelming
weight of evidence and that the majority
of the court, in their said opinion, have
ignored the testimony of the applicant and
of the whole of the applicant's witnesses
and all portions of the evidence given by
witnesses for the Government which was
favorable to the applicant and have thus
deprived him of rights guaranteed to him
by the laws of the land and the constitu
tion of. the United States." ■ > s
Upon the grounds set . forth the,, ap
plicant "respectfully prays that approval
of the opinion of the majority of said
court of Inquiry be withheld and that said
opinion be disapproved and that he may
be afforded the opportunity to have the
testimony on record' of himself and his
witnesses properly considered and passed
upon and that the proceedings be remitted
to the court for that purpose and that he
be given such other and further relief as
he Is entitled to in the premises."
' The letter asking permission -to argue
against the protest or Admiral Sampson's
attorneys ' follows :
1 In regrard to the reported Intention of
Rear Admiral W. T. Sampson, V. S. N., by
his cotinsel, to file, with your consent, a protest
against • your approval of, that portion of the
dissenting opinion of Admiral George Dewey,
US. N., to the majority of the finding of . a
court of inquiry recently held and before which
I was - the applicant. . wherein the ■ question of
commandership of the American naval forces
during -the battle of Santiago Is decided In
favor of Commodore W. S. Schley, U: S. N..
and credit for the. victory won in that battle
accorded to the said Commodore Schley. I have
the honor to moat respeotfully request as fol
lows: ■ -' ■>■■ :•'■'■ ' v - ■--■"- ■ -■■■-.■ -■ ■•
: 2. That If such protest Is filed . with • you
by the eald Rear Admiral W. T. Sampson, IT.
S N.; I may be given an opportunity to present
through my counsel oral argument against such
protest. Very respectfully, ' ' .
W. S. SCHLEY.
Rear Admiral. U.S. N.. retired.
ISIDOR RATNOR,
JAMES PARKER. \
Counsel for the applicant before said court of
inquiry. ''.
Deprived of Legal Rights.
Commenting on to-day's action Raynor
said: . .-..-■... •"; v . : •_• ■ .-, ;■■■
-The objections that we have filed rest .upon
the ground ' that ■ Admiral' Schley has been de
prived of his rights as guaranteed to ; him - by
the law of, the land and the constitution of his
land. ' We claim that- the .whole of the testi
mony, in favor of -the .admiral, : including his
own and. the testimony of all of his witnesses,
has been rejected by the majority of the court
and not even considered or passed upon. ' Such
a, method of. procedure would not be permitted
to stand for a moment before any tribunal gov
erned by any principle of common law or com
mon ' Justice. The ; admiral . was , on the stand
for about four days and not a word that he ut-'
tered and | not a solemn assertion that he made
under ■-, the - sanction ;; of .; his oath . has " been ad
verted; to by the majority of the court; ■ Such
a method of disposing of a case. Is unparalleled
In ■. the annals of civil or of criminal law. ...The
greatest malefactor In the land .under the con
stitution ' is : entitled to l have , his ' evidence ■ con
sidered,and passed'.upon. .- We shall, therefore, 7
avail . ourselves of : every: remedy that we have
to Impeach this appalling verdict. -.
Flees :With Employers' Funds,
PHOENIX, ; Ariz.; , Dec. 18.— It , was
learned here Hhte ' morning .'; that .;' Lee « B."
Mills, manager of the Southern Mutual In-
vestment Company of this city, has fled
to Canada, taking along a large sum of
money and leaving behind creditors with
claims aggregating thousands of dollars.
His offices here are closed and patrons
and creditors of the company have Deen
notified from the head office in Lexington,
Ky., that their interests will be cared for.
Mills' peculations have extended over a
period of six months and the sums taken
by him approximate $10,000. He is believed
to be in New Brunswick.
Criticizes the Supervisors.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. .18.— The Grand Jury
of this county to-day submitted its report.
It criticizes the Board of Supervisors for
allowing bills for the arrest and.prosecu
tion of hobos and recommends greater
watchfulness over the county -funds in
this ~ direction. " From November, 1900, to
June of this year the county- has paid out
$2900 in Constable and Justice fees. The
report recommends the establishment of
a rock pile for tramps. It recommends
the abolition of; the office of Game War
den.
Panels and Medallions.
Thousands of Medallions and Panels
from 20c to $2.50 each. . It will pay all lov
ers of handsome novelties to visit the Pic
ture Department at this time of- year. All
welcome. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street.- c *•■
Rumored Capture of Fleishman.*
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 18.— There is a ru
mor, in circulation here to-night , that
Fleishman, the absconding bank cashier,
has been located at a point In Mexico,
said to be Leon. So far there se«ns littie
ground for the report and it cannot be
traced to any source.
Dr. Landis Sentenced.
OROVILLE, Dec. 18.— Dr. A. J. Landls,
found guilty of forging a note against the
late Alfred Fuller, was to-day sentenced
by Judge Gaddis of Yolo County to seven
years in State prison at Folsom. .
In this immense assortment are WXjk 0| II |$U (I ||j |]l^j|(i, j
select from you are sure to find Jl||illl)|^|j r^Hlff n^'lrt ill jlfW^ !
the suit is not satisfactory we will I 1 j ™i] J ' |M ggj/ Q
- which to impress you with our fi p fill I BtJu Pi §
VOLCANO SPOUTS
LAVA AND VAPOR
Mount Ivatch, in Kam
schatka, in Violent
Eruption.
VICTORIA, B. C. Dec. 18.— The steamer
Tosa Maru brings news of violent vol
canic disturbances in Kamschatka, where
Mount Ivatch. is In eruption. A terrific
roaring noise underground was heard lor
one hundred miles around preceding the
eruption. The lava continued to flow for
seven days j and the eruption of- colossal
columns of vapor then began. The lava
has flowed Into the rivers, poisoning the
water and killing the fish, thousands c*
which can be seen floating in the water.
A fine volcanic dust covered all the trees
and undergrowth in the whole of South
ern Kamschatka and the Inhabitants,
through breathing the dust, have become
affected by a peculiar cough. An earth
quake lasting several minutes was felt
throughout Kamschatka. Serious as tha
eruption is no loss of life 'is reported.
Your . Name in Gold.
Remember that we stamp your name In
gold letters on Pocket Books, Letter and
Card Cases, Bill Books. Cigar Cases,
Traveling RoUa, Cameras and all fine
leather goods - purchased at our store.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Not even the disagreeable fat passeiv
ger is always given a wide berth.
34
GARDNER IS INSTALLED FAVORITE
OVER HIS OPPONENT, KID CARTER
Boston Man's Showing With Walcott Is Apparently
Left Out of Consideration in Figuring Form on
To-Morrow Night's Fight in Mechanics' Pavilion
THE betting men have apparently
decided to omit George Gardner's
fight with Joe Walcott in figur
ing comparative form, on the fight
to-morrow night ' between the
Boston middle- weight and his old oppo
nent Kid Carter. This is indicated by
the betting, in which Gardner has been
Installed favorite at odds of 10 to tVz.
The fight Is an open looking one, as
both men have Increased in strength and
cleverness since their last meeting. Gard
ner is known to have ambitions to shine
ln the heavy-weight class, and if he can
dispose of Carter handily, as his friends
think h© can, he must go up a class to get
profitable matcaes. There are few mid
dle-weights who will care for any of his
game. ■
Gardner does not underrate Carter. ThB
latter showed in their first fight that he
was game beyond .all reason. He took
an amount of punishment that would
6top a man of ordinary courage. Carter
showed the same quality in his fight with
Walcott. When he took all 'the punish
ment the latter could administer, and
that ls a great deal, and then came back
fighting It was too much for Walcott. He
allowed himself to "be counted out rather
than take any further chances with that
kind of a fighter. •
Winnie O'Connor ls taking his four
round bout with Crowell in all serious
ness. H« has been boxing and exercising
regularly and claims he will be able to
A Ti V }j P-TT^TTM W. M '1^ ■
j& |f AN CAN'T swim in shackles.
AnlJiil Vrill 3 It isn't a question
of his winning a race, but a question of
being able only' to keep afloat. The man
•who 19 suffering from malnutrition is like
the fettered swimmer. His stomach and
its allied organs of *»^k
digestion and nutri- «_--^ fz\ —
tion are diseased. &j * a^7>*
It is not a question -^^^^^^^gfc^fe
with him of winning '^^S^^lF"
in the race for busi- ~^^^^^^=__
ness but of simply — j-^!™Tzzr "*
keeping up under ~fc~~~~~ZS'^.
any circumstances. :J*y*£i rr --^
Whenever disease J^^^S%: 4=. ■_"
affects the stomach =:
it is affecting also _25^ I~>~
the blood and the ~~7fet" *•
health of every or- ' X Z~3.
gan of the body. •==■/#— — S~S
For blood is only A
food converted into i^f^ — **r~
nutrition and nutri- AgmEL Ti
tion is the- life 'of P— _ '
the body and every .^^*^V JLf~ r
organ of it. ~ T~^^8b^
Doctor P i e r c e's .— Z m^^
Golden Medical ' ; \> '**&*
Discovery enres diseases of the stomach
and other organs of digestion and nutri-
tion. It purifies the blood and enables
the perfect nutrition of the body which
means perfect health. - '
"For six long; years I suffered with indige."
tion and my liver and kidneys, which baffled the
best doctors in our country." writes E. X, Ran-
ssil. Esq.. of Woolsey, Prince William Co.. Va.
■ I suffered with my stomach and beck, for a'iont;
time, and after taking a 'cart-load' of medicine
Irom three doctors I grew so bad I could hardly
do a day's work. Would have death-like pains
in the side, and blind spells. I began taking
Dr. Pierre's Golden Medical Discovery and
'Pleasant Pellets.' Before I had taken half of
the second bottle I began to feel relieved. I got
six more bottles and used them, and am happy
to fay I owe my. life to Dr. Pierce."
"Accept no 'substitute for "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing "just
as good" for diseases of the stomach,
blood and lungs.
The Common Sense Medical Adviser,
looS large pages, in paper covers, is sent
free on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to
1 pay expense of mailing only. Address
iDr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y x
MIDDLE-WEIGHT WHO WILL.
MEET GEORGE GARDNER IN
RING FOR SECOND TIME. ,
hold his own with Alex Greggains' pro
tege. ... ; v
Billy Snailham has always been pop
ular, as he omits all fancy boxing and
settles down to business once the gong
clanjjs. ' Gllfeather is considered a good
match for him and a fast bout should re
sult. -.-
Toby Irwin is another 'public favorite.
He will meet Arthur Granfleld in a ten
round bout. Although the card calls for
forty-four rounds of fighting, it is not
expected each bout will go the limit.
SPECIAL STAKE
FOR FAST DOGS
Champion Coursers Are
Entered in Class
• Event.
The draw for the Union Park coursing
stakes for Saturday and Sunday next was
held last night at Pythian Castle. For
Saturday the programme will be the first
round of an eighty-dog event, and on
Sunday, in addition to the finals, a six
teen-dog special class stake will be run
to a conclusion. Coursing will commence
on both days on the arrival of the 10:15
trains:
Open stake: eighty entries— G. McKenna'«
Patriot vs. C. Pickard'B Bright Gold; E.
Geary's -Minnie Sankey vs. C. Glock's Alameda
Lad; J. M. Halton's May Hempstead vs. Pasha
Kennels' Fiery Face; George Nethercott's
Freda C vs. Pasha Kennels' Rustic Arbor; T.
Millrlck'B My Selection vs. D. . J. . Healy's
Elista; J. F. Badt's Lovina vs. J. Carroll's
Auckland; J. J. Keenan's Dread Not vs. George
Sharman's Sir Pasha; Ed Neave'B Rosie Clair
vs. R. Strahl's Three Cheers; H. Lynch' s Black
Bart vs. Kelly & Hanley's Naughty Girl; P.
Doyle's Thelma vs. J. H. McNeil's Black
Hawk; J. Markland'e The Grafter vs. E.
Geary's Bonnie Pasha; D. J. Healey's Lady
Claire vs. W. Calm's Imperial; -E. Geary's
Ruby Eankey vs. T. "Mailer's Lord Goff; F. S.
Price's Forget vs. W. H. P.obinson's Rosie
Freedom: T. Mailer's Intruder, vs. W. H. Mul
ler*s Cruiser; ,3. Cane'B Greerihall vs. H. H.
Gray's My Dog; A. R. Curtis' Vulan vs. George
Sharman's St. Ives; E. Geary's Fannie Hughle
vs. W. J. Leonard's Daylight: L. A. Barre's
Boodle Boy vs. D. J. Healey's Tapioca: D. G.
Frantz's Dorothy M. vs. D. J. Clarkson's Miss
Brummel: J. D. Cardinell's Jessiby vs. George
Nethercott's Hickory Dick; W/C. de B. Lopez's
The Levite vs.'R- H. BtoOdard's Lady Sears;
H H. Gray'a Terronette vs. J. Dowling's. Sir
Lawrence; A. R. Curtis' Kibosh . vs. L. S.
Barre'B Amedee; H. H. Gray's Rona vs. George
Sharman's Black Flush; Ed Neave's . Daisy
Clair vs. A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad; L. F. Bar
tels' Best Bargain vs. F. Lee's Sweet Locust;
Ed Neave's Wedding Bells vs. Kelly & Han
ley's Lusmagh Lass; D. J. Healey's Fine Form
vs. J. Carroll's Master Clair;. D. Dillon's Eu
ropa ve. "VV. C. de B. Lopez's Courage. : H. H.
Gray's Mad Girl vs. George Bharman's Bowery
Boy; H. Lynch's Clarice vs. P. M. Clarkson's
Prompto; H. Lynch's Lottie M-vs. W.'C. de
B. Lopez" 8 Fenian: P. M. Clarkson's Sofala vs.
E. Geary's Fair Oaks;. E. . Parkinson's Ben
Klrby ve. George Nethercott's Red Rock; Pasha
Kennels' Rich -Argosy vs. M.' Dunlea's Tara's
Hall;.F. B. Gerber's Red Pepper vs. J. Demp
sey's Jingle Bells; E, Parkinson's Ben Lomond
vs. J. McCormlck's Black Daisy; Ed Neave'B
First Foot vs. Pasha Kennel's Rural Artist; D.
J. Healey's For Glory vs. George Knight's
Shadow. . . .
Special class stake: sixteen entries — B. Sll
va's Master Rocket vs. A. R. Curtis' Charta;
A. R. Curtis' Narcissus vs. George Sharman's
Firm Fellow; F. Jones' Wedgewood vs. Pasha
Kennels' Real Article: T. J. Cronln's Tralee
Boy vs. Pasha Kennels' Rocker; H.. Lynch's A.
J. Martin vs. ■ F.v Jones' Harlean Gladys: Pasha
Kennels' Roman Athlete vs. ; T. J. Cronin's
Vandal; A. R. Curtis' Fly by Night vs. D. J.
Healey's Tlburon: Sterl & Knowles' 'Freeze
Out v*. E. Geary's America. ■
Golden Link Wins Steeplechase.
NEW ORLEANS. Dee. IS. — Results:
First r'ac. selling, mile and seventy yards —
Arak won. W. B. Gales second, Deponan third.
Time. 1-.45H.
Second race, selling:, seven furlongs — Missile
won. Lingo second. The Way third. Time, 1:24.
■ Third race, steeplechase, handicap, short
course — Golden Ltnk won. Bristol second. Dag
mar third. Time, 3:14%t .■ , •
. Fourth race, one mile — Andes won, -Henry
Bert second. Nitrate third. Time, 1:40%.
Fifth' race, selling, mile and five-eighths—
Admetus won. Judge Steadman second,- Delo
raln third. Time, 2:51.
■ • Sixth race, six furlongs — Fleuron • won,
Pyrrho second, If- Tou Dare third. Time.
1:13%. . . . - . -. '■
No Change in Beiff's Case.
LONDON, Dec. 18.— The stewards of the
jockey club -deny the report circulated in
the United States that ar their meeting
yesterday it was decided 1 , that Lester
Relit, the Amerk-n jockey, whose license
was revoked in October, is entitled to ap
ply : for a license in 1902. No; action in
regard to Reiff was taken at the meeting.
CANTON CITY. Colo.. Dec. 18.— Andrew
Carnegie has effered $10,000 fora public library
here, and the Library Association has accepted
the conditions imposed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1901.
HANLON DEFEATS
HILL CLEVERLY
Bantam- Weight Boxers
Eight Four Fierce :
Rounds.
Referee Stops the Bout to
End Unnecessary
" Punishment. -
Eddie Hanlon, defeated Joe Hill In the
gymnasium of the Bay City Athletic Club
last night after four fierce rounds of give
and-take fighting. The bout was scheduled
to go six rounds, but Hill 'was; knocked
down for the second time in the fourth
round just before the gong sounded. As
it was apparent he had no chance with
Hanlon Referee 15. J. Smith stopped the
bout to save unnecessary arid' possibly
fatal punishment.
The boys, who fought at 110 pounds,
went at it from the start. In the first
round Hill landed some hard lefts to .the
body and a right to the jaw which shook
up Hanlon. He also cut Hanlon over the
right eye, the wound bleeding profusely.
There was no let up ln the pace in the
second round, both getting busy at once.
Hanlon proved the more effective puncher
although he took considerable punishment
ln return.
In the third round the game youngsters
stood up and exchanged blow for blow.
Hill then tried repeatedly for a right
swing to the jaw, but failed to land.
Both boxers started at top speed in the
fourth, but Iranian soon* had Hill on the
ropes and in distress. He sent a shower
of rights and lefts to "the 'body and then
knocked Hill down with a left to the jaw.
Hill took nine seconds, slow count, on tiie
mat. Another left sent him down again,
when Referee Smith humanely put an end
to the bout.
The attendance was the largest ever at
tracted by minor fights. Hardly another
spectator could have been crowded Into
the gymnasium.
Proceedings were started by Dan Sulli
van and Joe Angeli, who went three fast
rounds. Sullivan's gameness was his
principal quality. He stood oft Angeli
until the latter landed some hard blows
to the body. One of these finally sent
Sullivan to the mat, where he remained
until counted out.
jockey Bonnett was given the decision
over Jack McFadden after four rounds
of fierce rough and tumble fighting. The
bell just saved McFadden at the end of
the third- round. Both boxers took a lot
of punishment and seemed on the verge
of going out several times.
Jack Coyne and Toddy Everitt stood up
for four rounds and exchanged blow for
blow. The bout went to . Everitt on
points.
Sergeant of Police Bush stopped the
fight between Robbie Johnson and Kid
Ryan, a pair of bantam-weights, in the
third round. Johnson had the better of
the bout although Ryan was a willing
fighter. . .
The bout between Charley Rochette, one
of the, "old school," and Frank George
was a combination, of boxing, wrestling
and grand and. lofty tumbling. Most of
the time it was a three-handed affair with
the referee being lugged' around the ring
by the wild swinging boxers. It went the
limit, George getting the decision.
James McDevitt refereed all except the
Hanlon-Hili fight. James Griffin was
judge.
WALCOTT DEFEATS FEBN3.
Referee Stops the Bout at the End of
Five Hounds.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Dec. 18:— Rube Ferns,
the welterweight champion, went down-to
defeat at the hands of Joe Walcott, the
Barbadbes black, in five rounds to-night
in' the arena of the International Athletic
Club at Fort Erie. Walcott battered Ferns
with terrific bodyblows and right and left
swings to the head. To save Ferns from
being completely knocked out the referee
stopped the bout and awarded the decision
to Walcott.
In the fifth and last round Walcott sent
Ferns to the boards on two occasions and
"Rube" twice took the count. When he
arose the second time he was in a weak
ened condition. The fight, while It lasted,
was the fiercest and fastest seen in the
clubhouse. -Ferns landed some terrific
blows on Walcott's stomach, but the Bos
ton fighter was in prime condition and
laughed at Ferns' efforts. Ferns began
to weaken in the third round and bis ad
mirers saw the beginning of the end.
In the fourth round both men went to
the floor in a clinch and Walcott assisted
Ferns to arise. Hardly had the two re
newed hostilities before Walcott almost
sent "Rube" through the ropes. He
crawled on his hands and knees to the
ropes and gained his feet. He fought
gamely and desperately. Walcott went at
him with vicious blows and had Ferns
almost out when the referee interfered.
The men met at 142 pounds.-.
NATIONAL LE AGTTE j STABS
WILL MEET THE WASPS
A Series of Three Baseball Games Ar
ranged for This Week at Rec
reation Park.
The star ball-tossers of the Ameri
can League have gone to Los Angeles for
a brief session with Manager Morley's
men. The National League cracks, in
cluding such, old favorites as "Jake"
Beckley, George Van Haltren, Chance and
Mertes, have come to this city to play a
series of three games with the champions
of the State. The series is to open to
day, to be resumed Saturday, and to close
on Sunday. Iburg, who signed with the
Philadelphias of the National League this
week, will have an opportunity to-day to
test the capabilities of the men he i3 to
pitch against next, seaso.n. • The line-up
for the game is as follows:
Nationals., Positions. ' San Francisco.
Chance Catcher . .'. .Wilson'
Lee Pitcher ...; .....Iburg
Beckley First base ....:.. Pabst
Mertes Second base. . . ........ '.Krug
Hulen.... Third base. .......... :Reilly
Stelnfeldt Shortstop ..'...... .Shay
McHale Left field HHdebrand
.Van Haltren..... Center field . .. .. .Nordyke
Carr Right field ......... Schwartz
TRAEGER WILL CAPTAIN
THE OABBINAL ELEVEN
•Is Elected to Lead the Stanford Foot
ball Team for the Coming
Year. ,
. STANFORD UNIVERSITY, j Dec. 18.—
Isham Traegrer, '03, star tackle
lor three years on the Stanford varsity!
eleven, was unanimously chosen captain
of the football team this afternoon' by his
team-mates who played with him against
California on November 9th. He was
nominated by Left-half Hill. , .
/"Fluffy": Traeger made his initial ap
pearance on the campus gridiron as
tackle on the 1903 freshman team. From
.that time there has never been a ques
tion as to , who would occupy, the position
of left tackle on, the varsity. Assistant
Coach McMillan asserts that Traeger is
aai ideal tackle, possessing the necessary
qualities of size, strength and ■ speed.
.Traeger is a student-in the law depart
ment and registers from:Portervllle.; He
combines the requisites : of a" good tackle
with the ability of an expert place-kicker,
making him one of the most valuable men
on the cardinal squad. 1 . , < v
Doctor Will Not Pass "Griffo."
CHICAGO, Dec- 18.— Albert Griffiths;
well known as "Young Grlffo," a clever
lightweight pugilist;^ has been forced ltd
quit' the. ring because of a valvular affec
tion ■ of the heart that . may' bring death
to him in the ring at any, time. Late to
day Dr. McGregor, ; physician for' the
Olympic ' Athletic * Club, examined Grif
fiths and because ' of this weakness re
fused to: allow him ;.i to 'take part in a
match for which he was , entered to-night.
Playing Cards and Poker Chips.
Playing Cards,' Poker -Chip "Sets, Crib
Boards, < Game Counters,'* i Tally ?^ Cards,'
Card; Cases and every requisite that'<be
longs to the game, 7 many 'Of t which are
good presents' for Christmas, at 'Sanborn;
A'ail & Co.'s, 741 Market street.' ' t ■■. •..•■;.-
OLD ENGLAND BEATS SAN NICHOLAS;
DRIVING, IN WORLD'S RECORD TIME
Two Crack Two-Year-pldsW
Six Straight Favorites Meet Defeat at Oakland-— St. Philippina First.
Mercer a Fast Performer—David S Downs Rollick at Odds of 30 to 1
BOR the second time within five
■ days Old England, the strapping
two-year-old from Green Morris
" stable, ■ stepped 'home I in front jj of
San • Nicholas, at Oakland, and
still there is' a dispute as to the relative
merits of the pain The distance yesterday
was four and a half furlongs,, and Old
England covered the r$ute in the fastest
time ever made In a race by a two-year
old—53 seconds— which equals the world's
record . for same, - made some years - ago
at Alexander Island by . Meadows, a six
year-old gelding; with 112 pounds in. the
saddle. - When the pair' met last Satur
day Old England beat San Nicholas ; a
neck after the latter had come on' from
ninth position at the start: Yesterday
O'Connor," on the Morris youngster, again
outbroke Spencer astride San~ Nicholas,
winning at the wire by two lengths in the
time before stated. Charley Patterson,
trainer for Burns & Waterhouse, does not
believe in the "Indian sign-'.theory appar
ently, for; after a cool fng out interval a
match race at five furlongs for $500 a side,
with. $500 to be added by the association,
was arranged, to take place on Saturday:
Under the conditions each will pick up 111
pounds, . break from a flying start, and if
necessary the recall Hag will be used. The
match has created widespread interest, as
opinion is^dlvided, and each two-year
old seems, to possess' an equal number of
admirers. . . .-.- - . . - .
It was another, calamitous inning, for
favorites at the track over the bay, all
six being: snugly tucked away to sleep.
Mercer, a stranger, came bouncing in at
5 to 1, Herculean at 6; Icicle beat Fitz
kanet, and in the afterpiece David S, over
looked almost entirely, won driving from
Rollick, with 30 to 1 about him in the ring.
Easy Victory for St. Phillipina.
After receding to 5 to 1 in the betting
on the opening two-year-old sprint, St.
Phillipina made a. runaway race of it.
Baldo, a Balgowan gelding owned by Bar
ney Schreiber, and on which thero was a
steady play, finished second, In front of
Senator Bruce. Bendara, which was In
stalled favorite, evidently shines best in
muddy going, for he cut no figure In the"
running. . '
Although freely, circulated that Mercer
had negotiated a mile in 1:40% it was the
Eastern horse's first attempt,- so the' ring
laid 5 to 1 about him in the betting on
the six furlong selling dash. On local
form Dangerous Maid had first call at 7
to 5. The latter mare did not have very
clear sailing and after finally getting to
the front in the stretch was collared and
beaten with ease by Mercer, brought from
behind by little Redfern and eased up in
1:12%.
1 Bullman on Herculean, a C to 1 shot, got
the decision from (he favorite, Ltzzella,
piloted by O'Connor, at the conclusion of
the mile and a sixteenth run. Rio Shan
non made the running to the stretch and
then gave it up to Herculean. Lizzella
was away poorly and had to come from
a long way back or she would have
scored. Wyoming was left. •
Icicle, with Buchanan on his back, sent
a cold chill creeping over the talent by
his easy/ win of the mile purse. P. Ryan
finally got his Hanover maiden three
year-old thawed j *out and he simply
spreadeagled his field, covering the dis
tance In 1:4OV4.' Redfern on Fitzkanet hart
to tramp: the. overland route..from.last
position, beating Dunblane for the place.
Quoted a mild 11 to 5 favorite. Rollick,
with considerable bad luck at the start,
could not make. uj*. the lost ground and
lost. to David S by half a length. The lat
ter'horse enjoyedTclear sailing from, the
start and Lee Jackson kept him at It
from the kick-off. ~>Bab ran a good third.'
Track "Notes.
Nineteen books cut in „ yesterday and
there was business enough'. to keep every
body jumping. Apparently the sport was
never in a more flourishing condition.
Tommy Burns, dapper as ever and at
tired in * the latest English trousering,
made his first appearance . on Wyoming,
and it was an unfortunate one. He re
ceived a very cordial reception from the
crowd,. Taut old Wyoming refused to break
and was left at the post.
• If Ed Lanigan's filly St. Phillipina re
tains her present form she will take some
beatlns from now on. -
There will be no change of riders ln the
match race on Saturday, O'Connor pilot
ing Old England and Spencer San Nich
olas. . i •
Winnie O'Connor had a close call from
a fall in the last race. Near the three
sixteenths pole Afghan, under punish
ment, swerved in toward the rail, knock
ing O'Connor's mount, Redwald. to his
knees. McGinn rode Afghan and it looked
entirely unavoidable.
The paternal parent ol O'Connor objects
to his son donning the gloves ln public
and it Is Just probable that Winnie's
■scorning bout with Crow will be declared
off. '
Owen Mounco was suffering from an
abscess in the ear and did not ride yester
day. ,
\ "Dell" Fountain, the owner of Doublet
and Position, undoubtedly holds the rec
ord for beating long shots. He was re
ported as winning $3000 on David S.
-, The -entries for this afternoon's events
a.re as follows:
First race — One •'mile: selling;: three-year
olds and upward:
2081 Elmer L, 1081 2S79 Crinkle . .114
2872 Col. BaJl'tyne.lOSl 2087 Talma 114
2980 Intrada . . . . . .10. r .| 2074 Billy Lyons.. "105
2902 Aphrodls .105 2060 John "Welch.. 114
2ft85'Ynij. Morello.117 2987 Fondo . ..105
2987 M.L,.Rothschd.l08 2097 Gold Baron.. .11*
2093 Limelight ....114 '
Second race — Five furlongs; selling 1 ; two
year-olds : , > -r
f 2970 Matin Bell.. .115 20G3 Snowberry ...115
2908 Bendara . 118 .... Larry Wilt:.. 118
(2894) Jacqueminot .11. I 2842 Knocking ...108
•••• John H. Carr.108 2981 Rose of China. 108
2963 Cathello t\ lit. 293S Budd Wade.. .108
2903 Esternell .....115
Third race — Mile end a ." quarter; 'hurdle
I MEN, DO YOU? !
• ■■; Do you want to be. strong? Do •
• /^^^K you want to feel the vim, the snap @
• I^S^^^ and fire of vigor? Do you want cour- ©
J JPlpTOiii^ ' a 2 e « energy and ambition to support
ft- , ■ |«2§iif '"'■'' ■."•'"■ « ' \_ the greatest doctors and
j» WSwf • -■•'•■■'■': 'i^a^&SS»- I've proved that electric- 2
" VWm Hff~ ' J '"MMuSmn. v ltv ls the basis of all ani- «!
a • Pfir" ■ ■■ M ■ 's^fflMwmm. \ mal " f e-''ana that "weak ©
9 W Jr tM&mmwW*** > en> " dyspeptics, rheumat- Q
O W~ M ■ JMwMP^^ J-' sufferers from lost en- Q
Z. W MM s^-gmmMS *r erg >'- weak, kidneys, pains-, a
S 7 -iHr- ; -lii'-^^SK^^' ln the back - head . chest S
® / jmW ■ '*ffl$fflul&!!p 0 \^ an(i shoulders from varico- X
© /C ■••isSfilf \A&2$8aW\ % cele and lts allied weaknesse3, -W-
a /' j^MllIf .". iliaiBa'i Mti etc., are weak in electricity. Mv ©
9 / 1 ! '' Electric Belt restores this life •
• /JrW^ ' a weeks and cures every • 9
rSf-- * 'w^': : J Dr. McLaughlin's ■ |
•iPlP^iP • ■■ .' ■' '-V-Ib " Deaorlbe your case to me/ and if I say I. can 0
2 N ; \ ', --■'"■''*/■.•■ ,'Ja curaVyou I will. guarantee to do eo. ••■. . " . , 1 ."• a
2 ' ' • "»■*: 'Druga won*t;restore your "strength.'.: Theyonly 2i
0 *', If ' you- have to take a stimulant take whisky. Taken- in- moderation it ■"
9 does less. harm; than the others. . ". . ._. ■..,;; . . r. ... "" ©
© ''Every eijjn of pain and sickness has disappeared.."! appreciate y/bat your ®
© Belt has done for me," writes J Schwarz Coleridge, Trinity County ', Cal. - ' ' J*
O • I,wlll gladly send you my book-on this subject, It has 82 pages of meat to people ©
0 -who want more Vflre," ■■Sealed -free, .:;....-• s . ..': ._.; • ;•• ■■-•■. • Q
I mm g. Mclaughlin, il^IiMiifi ,i|
©©©©•©©©•©©©••••••••••••©••©•©••••^•©©••©©eeo
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Wednesday, Dec. 18.— Weather fine. Track fast.
3OO8. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; vclue to tlrat. $325.
| I • 1 Bettlne.
Index |Horse and "Weight. [St. %. %. :, Str. Pin. ( , Owner and Jockey. | Op. CI.
2771 St. Phillipina.... .115 4 1% 16 15 18 E. Lanlgan Hoar 6-2 " 4
2771 Baldo.: .....107 0 4n 4 1 32 2% B. Schreiber O'Nell 4 «-2
(2014) Senator, Bruce.... 118 2 2 3 2 1 2 3 3 8 Clayton & Co.. Buchanan 5 8
2956 Jim Roberts.. 118 1 6 4 « 1 .6 3 41 R.Hughes.: McGinn 10 60
2970 Bendara ...:118 5' 6 2 63 5 1 6 1 J. Bnrrows.J. Matthews 2 2
2070 Prestene ........ .115 3 -.» 2^3 2 ... -41 -6 5" G. Summers & Co.BUmn 7 13
•2981 Mr. Timberlake.,115 7 7 -7-;-:7- .7 D..A. Hontg Redfern 6 10
Time— V lt :24; 14 :18%; %, 1:14%. . Good start. "Won easily- Second and third drlrlns.
Winner, E. Lanigan's b. f. by St. Carlo- Bessi e "W. "Winner possessed speed to burn. Baadc
stood a drive gamely.' • Jim Roberts not such a bad one. Bendara ran a disappointing
-race. ! Tfmbertake almost-left at post. : ■ . " J."'--'- - _ - „ ,^_,^w^-l- .-.-w-..-.
2i>0i>. .SECOND RACE— Four and a .halt furlongs; 2-year-old colts and geldings; first. $325.
r. i . .■■■ -.-. ■ •■•> - •- -■■- ~~~^~- -.;■■• --■■.;•';,. ., -. .■ ... ,....• ; ; ' Betting.
Index Horse and ., Weight. St. . %.■■%.»■ Str. : Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
(2981) Old England*..:.. 108 4 ... 1%11 1 2 ', G. B. Morris... O'Connor 2 3
29S1 San Nicholas ... :lll 5- ... 3 1 ■ 2 2~ 25" Burns & Waterhse.Spncr 3-5 ! t-5
2981-' El Chihuahua. ..;111 3 • ... < 2 2 -3 3 . 3 10 " Baldwin & Co. .Bullman « »
2976 Dean Swift. Ill 7-... « 10 6 2 . 4 5 W. M. Rogers.. Redfern «* V£
2934 Sari Lution 108 2 .-..•6 3 6 10 5 1 James Wilson McGinn 30 to
2951 John Peters...... Ill « ... 4 5 .- 4 1 6 10 J.--W. Schorr. .J. Woods 7-2 B
.... Bob Crawford.... 108 8 : ... . 7 2 7 2 7 tt E. F. Frederlclcson.L.Dly 100 150
■ ..-..Geo. Whitney.;... Ill 1 ... 8 8 S F. Phillips Hoar 15 100
Time— 1-10, :07; V*. :22%; Vi. :46; 4%f., :53. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
G. B. Morris' b. g. by Goldflnch-Queen Bess, Old Engfend Improves with every fresh trip
to the gate. San Nicholas flat-footed when barrier went .up. Chihuahua ran a nice race.
y Too short for Dean Swift. Peters had one leg wrapped ln bandages. Scratched — Coal Oil
• Johnny 111," Arthur Ray 111, Wandering Boy 10S; Montoya 111.
3000. -THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
■• ' ■ ■; .. • . - ■ . ~~. I ~ ' ' ! ~~Z ~ -> . ! ~ i B«tunr.
Index H6r*«. Age. "Weight; St. , %. %. Str. Flnl " Owner and Jockey. ' ' Op. CL
.... Mercer, -t... 105 C 5 1 4 2 1% 13 • J. E. Rlchardson.Redtern 4 6
2SI79 Dangerous Md, 4.110 3 3^ 3 1 ' f 3-1 2 ns Burns & Waterhse.Bllmn ■ 7-5 ■ 8-5
2JtOO Duckoy, 4.. .107 5 2 % 2^ 2n 3 3 G. B. Morris... O'Connor 5-2 16-5
• 20G4 Gusto 4 108 1 1111 4 10 45 P. Howley..... Buchanan « IS
(2907) Tizona, 4 109 2 4 161 6,1 5 n Partington Bros...Howell 20 20
20S0 Our Lizzie, « 108 4" 7 1 7 1 « 3 6 4 W. H. Ketcham.J.Mthws ■• * - 6 10
2980 Captivate, 3 .100 8,81 8 2 7 6 7 10 P. Hildreth Jackson 40 _ 50
...'. Cuban Girl. 3.... 100 7 62 51 82 8' 2 P. Corrigan. .. ....O'Neil 15 CO
Gawaine, a .100 9 0 9 9 9 W. E. Cotton Hoar 40 100
litiS'i Kitty Kelly. 4... :i05| Left W. L. Stanfleld...Dugan 10 20
Time — >4. :24; V». :48; Si. 1:12%. Good start except Kitty Kelly. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner. J. E. Richardson's b. g. by Sir Dlxon-Merdin. Mercer ran as -if
being chased by the "pesky redskins." Maid did her best. Duckoy no apologies to make.
■ Gusto always knocking. Our Lizzie a trifle late to-day. Captivate badly placed. Cuban
Girl was skipping along nicely when cut off. • Scratched — Pencil Me 100.
3001. FOURTH 1UCE — 1 1-16 miles; selling;four-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
~- — ; : j ; : ; ~~ *~j ! ■ : Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Pin. . Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
20S2 Herculean, 41.... 112 3 2n.2 1 / i lllh Summers & Co.. Bullman 5 6
(2982) Llzzella, a. ......112 7 5 >$ 5 2 ■ 2 n 2 2 J. Weber O'Connor 2 14-5
1*957 Floronso. C... 112 5 32 3 2 4 3 3"n P. McGuire... .J.. Woods 4 8
29S3 Rio Shannon. 4.:. 115 2 11 12 81 4 12 ' J. Coffey... Spencer « 4
2901 Rushflelds a 112 4 6 10 B10 fi 20 - . r » 1 CO. Ray McGinn 15 30
2993 Capt. Galnes, 4.. 115 « 4 1 4 & 6 1 630 \V. MatthewS-lMatthewsf 8 ' 15
.... Bohul, 4 llff 1 7 7 7 7 J. Rothert See 10 40
2991 Wyoming, a 112| Left ... . ..: - jBrown & Co T. Burnaj^ 5-2 3
Time— 1-1C. :06»4; :24V4: %. :i0\i; %, 1:14%; mile, 1 :40% ; i 1-lGm. 1:47. Bad start.
Won first three driving. Winner, G. Summers & Co.'s ch. g. by Watercress- Hannah.
' -"Little Willie" won a fortunate dash, though he did himself proud. Lizzella came f rom •
'way back in the bullrushes. Floronso can rag-time it some on a 'fast track and will re
quire some attention. Shannon blew out a fuse. ■ Captain GaJnes lost -his bearings, arriv
ing in port late. .Bohul broke down. ¥ ■
3002. FIFTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $400. ■ .
•' • - ~" i ; { '' ••■-.■" . . > Bettlnff.
Index Horse.: Age. Weight. St.> %. %.. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
2815 Icicle. 3 101 2 IV, lh 15 1 1>£ P.Ryan... Buchanan 4 5
297S Fltzkanet. 3 100 0 0 6 . 3 1 25 • VV. M. Rogers... Redfern 7-5 3-2
2904 Dunblane. 4.: 112 4 5h 5 ¥t 4 4 3 % Jennings & Co. .O'Connor 3 5
2983 Doublet. 4.. 110 3 3 h 3 2 2 2 4 10 D. S. -Fountain.. Bullman 2 11-5
(29tiS) Lou Clieveden. 4..109 1 . .4 2 4 1 6 5 1 T. T. Rector. .. ..Stuart 40 100
2990 Mlthradatcs, 3. ...103 5 -2 h 2 3 5 1 6 |Burns & Waterhs..Ranch| 8 40
Time — \' 4t :25: >/i. :49%; %. 1:15; mile. 1:40%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. P. Ryan's ch. g. by Hanover-Theora. Icicle played a cold trick on his
company. Fltzkanet ran into a peck of dfsturbance at the start. Dunblane outfooted.
Doublet had enough and left before the last act. Too much gayety for Lou Clieveden.
" ! /Mlthradates also sat down in the wrong pew.
SOOSf ; SIXTH RACE — One mile; selling; three-year-olda and up; value to first. $325.
~~~ I ' : " - * - 1 '• •• - - Betting.
Index Horse. Age. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
2980 David S. 3 ..100 2 12 ll'-lfr. l.i<J W. L. Stanfleld.. Jackson 10~ 30
2971 Rollick. 3.. "...... 101 B 6 V% 7 15 ; 3 h 2 2 Burns & Waterhs..Buch 2 11-5
2971 Bab. 3 .......100 4 5 h 62 2 n 3 h .1. W. Schorr Redfern 5 7-2
(2902) Afghan, a 109.3 2.3' 2 h. 4 2 45 E. Lind McGinn 10 3a
2991 Merops, B ....109 « 7 15 6h 5h 54 F. D. Weir ...Hoar 4 H
<2985) Diomed. 4. .109 8 8 8 7 64 Brown' & Co Howell 8 ' J(>
2079 Ned Dennis. 4 109 732 32 65 7 Piedmont Stable.. Stuart 15 50
2990 iRedwald. 4 .109-1 4 >4 4 h 8 8 I Jennings fc Co.. O'Connor) 5-2 18-5
Time— '/J. :24*i; %. :49H: %. l'MISti mile. l:40V4. Fair start. Won first three driving.
Winner, W. L. Stanfleld' s b. g. by Midlothian -Taluda. .David S ran like a horse overbur
dened with nothing but speed. Rollick and Bab messed, up and bumped at start. .Afghan
swerved ln stretch, knocking Redwald to his knees.' Scratched — Darlene 100. San V«nado
112. '■ - •'■'.■--■-.". . ■-■ •-. • '■
handicap; three-year-olds and upward:.
2995 Mazo ........132 2888 Master Lee. .,125
2995 Favorlto 147 2095 Phil Archib'ld.125
2995 Sam Green... .125 .... Adelante .....125
2577 Rainier ......137
■ Fourth race — Six and a half furlongs; sell-
Ing; two-year-olds:
2994 Jan" trd'Qr... 103 (2070)Milas 108
2984 The Giver 110 2988 Flo Oliver. ...105
(295S)Com. Forster.IOS 2996 Sir Lewis.. ...108
2984 Royalty 105 .
. Fifth race — Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds : .
29S3 Bernota 107 2993 Jim Hale 109
29S3 Edna Brown.. 107 2980 Maresa ......107
(290DE1 Oriente...."107 .... Bard Burns.. .110
(2S39)Impromptu ..110 2578 Marlneuse -...119
Sixth race — One mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward: - :
V297C Frank Duffy..ll4| 2980 Corrlente ....114
2829 Kath. Emus. .105 2967 Compass .....105
2980 R. del S. Juan.114 2814 Einstein 114
2985 Gr*nd Sachem.114 2978 Cougar 108
2990 Dr. Bernays..ll4 2888 Pegalong ....105
2971 Courtier .....105 2973 Romany 114
2986 Edgardo .....114 ■ , . ■• :-■:
Possible Winners.
First race — Fondo, Colonel Ballantyne,
Talma.' . • '.
Second race — Esternell, Snowberry, Ben
dara. .
Third race — Mazo, Favorlto, Rainier.'
• Fourth ■ race — Sir Lewis. Jarretlerre d'Or.
Commissioner Forster.v
I Fifth race — Impromptu, Jim - Hale, El
Orlente. ' - ■ , ' - . - :
Sixth race — Edgardo. Dr. Bernaya, Courtier.
CAPTAIN SEEL IN TROUBLE.— Captain
Seel of the American ship Lucille • has been
haled before Customs Collector Stratton i on a
charge of breaking the customs seals j on - a
part of Ms cargo. His snip" has been sealed
and- refused clearance until the matter is ad
judicated. , • • • ,
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS. \ .,
TO CUBE DAOTRUTF.
It ;Is Necessary That the Dandruff
Germ Be Eradicated.^
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect." Kill the germ that causes dan-
druff, falling hair and baldness, you will
have no more dandruff and your hair
must grow luxuriantly. Herplclde not
only contains the dandruff germ destroy-
er, but It Is also a most delightful hair
dressing for regular toilet use. No other
hair preparation is on this scientific ba-
sis of destroying the dandruff germ, and
none other claims to be. for the simple
reason that it Is only recently that a de-
stroyer of the germ has been discovered
—Newbro's Herpicide, the only hair prep-
aratlon that actually kills dandruff.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bill.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
The Amateurs,
IN AN ALL-STAR SHOW.
Saturday Night— = ■- Cakewalk
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
EVERT THURSDAY. SATURDAT AND SUJJ-
MORE EXCITING THAN BULL FIGHTING
" THE GREATEST GAME OF THE AGE.
ADMISSION 25c AND 60c
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL,
223 SUTTER STREET.
i PIANO RECITAL!
HTJOO
MANSFcLDT.
THURSDAY, December^, 8:15 P. M.
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO
NATIONAL LEAGUE STARS
I TO-DAY AND SATURDAY AT 2:45. '
SUNDAY AT 2:30/
: RECREA TION- PARK.
! v Eighth and Harrison Streets. '
AMUSEMMT3. .
CULUBriBIl^ LEADIGGTHEATM
LAST 4 NIGHTS— MATINEE SAT.
EVERY NIGHT (INCLUDINO STJNDAT).
America's Foremost Comic Opera Comedian,
JEFFERSON DE ANGELIS,
In the Enormously Successful Operatic Novelty.
A ROYAL ROGUE.
By Chas. Klein ana Wm. T. Francis.
C n*T c» *¥ p: BEGINS THIS
FOR
MARY MANNERING
EM
JANICE MEREDITH.
Oueniiut Performance NEXT MONDAY. _ .
Prices— $1 50. $1. 75c. 50c. 25c.
VAUDEVILLE AT HIGH TIDE!
3KCr. and Mrs. Gardner Crane, Mr. and
Mrs. Walter E. Deave3' Merry
Manikins, Rose and Jeannettc,
Norwood Brothers, Sherrie Mat-
thews, Norma Whalley, Sam Mar-
ion and William McCart,'Flo IrwJa
and Walter , Hawley, Diamond's
Parisian' Minstrels, The Biograph.
Keserved seats. 25c; halcony. 10c; box seata
and opera chairs, 50c.
NEXT WEEK— THE GREAT
ORPHEOM ROAD SHOW!
S Dedal Matinee Thursday. Dec. 28.
ALL. THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAT.
THOMAS JEFFERSON
Presenting on a Grand Scale
RIP VAN WINKLE.
Assisted by a Carefully Selected Company..
f4 l
NEXT STXDAY NIGHT M,
Chas. H. Tale's Everlasting
DEVIL'S AUCTION
Matinees Christmas Day and Saturday.
SEATS THURSDAY.
Evenlnss at S Sharp.
MATINEE SATURDAT AT 2 SHARP!
AN OVATION ACCORDED TO THE
TIVOLI COMIC OPEBA COMPANY
In Ferris Hartman's Merry Extravaganza.
Little Red
Riding Hood
"It's Funny— It's Smart— It's Pretty."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 15c.
Telephone Bush 9. .-/""
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
■ To-night and Every Evening This Week.
MINNIE SELIGMAN
America's Greatest Emotional Actress.
In Victorien Sardou's Powerful Play.
"DIPLOMACY,"
The Biggest Hit of Last Season at Charles
Frohman's Empire Theater. New York.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c. 50ci 75c
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees 25c.
Next Week— MINNIE SELIOMAN In "CAR-
MEN." '
Belasco & Thall. Managers.
A WINNER ALL THIS WEEK. . . .',,
The Sparklin.5 Farce-Comedy. ■'
"THE GAY MR.
LIGHTFOOT."
First Time ln This City.
Seats on sale stf days la advance.
Matinees Saturday and Svnday.
PRICES— 15c. 25c, 38c. 50c and 75c. .,
NEXT— Christmas Week. Don't Do 'Anything
Till You See
"CHARLEY'S AUNT."
BE IAS CO *"*» THOir&yfetfMr
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
•MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
HERE'S WHERE YOU LACGH.
The Funniest Farce en Earth.
MULDOON'S
PICNIC.
Songs. Medleys.' Dances, Eccentric Acts and
All Kinds of Wholesome Amusement.
PDirPS Evenings 10c to 50c
riUVCj Matinees „ 10c. 13c. 25o
Next Week— "3ILVER KING."
gjll^ RACING
' s^f^ir Every \\eek Day—
Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. share.
Ferry-boats leave SAn Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connrf «lj
•with trains stopping at the entrance to>«H»
track. Last two cars on train reserved * lor
ladles and their escorts; no smokins. Buy your
ferry, tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo arenus
electric cars at Seventh and Broad-way, Oak-
land. Also all trains via- Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4 :45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr. -
FTSCHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOUnCn O Admission Inc.
MME. CHARITY MARTIN: O. 9. Wanrell:
Mullaly Sisters: Paloma Quartette: Stanley
and Walton: Demlmr and Carroll; Ivan Tre-
poka. and Hlnrichs' Orchestra. Reserved Seats.
25c. Matinee Sunday.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS. }
On one side of these magnificent
hotels ls the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the oths? re-
tall stores, dubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, tanks and the- .
■ .aters. Street cars to all parts oid
. i the city— depots, ferries and par ka-^
pass the entrance. . 3
American and European plans.
Weekly Call, $1 per YearFIRST C0NFIDES
IN HIS FIANCEE
Tells Miss Holman of His
Hope to Signal Over
the Ocean.
Marriage of Wireless -Expert
Postponed Until Experi
ments Are Concluded.
Special DisDatch to The Call.
INDIANAPOLIS, Dec. 18.— Miss Joseph
ine Holman, who is engaged to marry Sig
nor Marconi, has announced to friends
that her marriage will not take place as
S« rly as expected for the reason that Mar
coni is now concentrating all his thoughts
<m his work and it would be impossible
ior him to come here at this time. It was
mutually agreed between them, she says,
that their marriage ought not to take
place until the experiments reached a
point where he could afford to relax his
efforts at least for a time. Miss Holman
■was the first person to wnom Signor Mar
coni confided his hopes and ambitions in
the line of wireless telegraphy across the
ocean. It was on board ship when he was
coming to this country to establish a sta
tion in Newfoundland that he told her of
his work and what he hoped for. ;
Experiments by the Navy.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET N. W.,
•WASHINGTON. D. C. Dec. IS.— Wireless
telegTaphy experiments, which are expect
ed to result in the adoption of a system
for the United States navy, will shortly
begin under the auspices of the Navy De
partment.
Two stations are being established, one
si the Washington navy yard and the
other at Annapolis, Md.
Several systems, including the Marconi,
■will be tried in competition. Rear Admiral
Bradford has been anxious for some time
that a test should be had of the various
systems, to determine which is the best
for naval purposes. Commercial experi
ence has demonstrated that Signor Mar
coni has made th© greatest advance, but
xhere are problems still to be solved, and
an effort will be made in the forthcoming
naval experiments to facilitate their solu
tion. The tests will be supervised by a
Tpard of which Lieutenant Commander
\V. S. Gogg and Lieutenant A. M. Beecher
■will be members.
Professor Bell's Offer.
ST. JOHNS, N. F. t Dec. 18.— The London
Daily Mail wired to Marconi to-day asking
if his future tests would be with the sig
nals, letter "S," or with messages. He re
plied, "With messages."
Among the letters received by Marconi
-was the following one from Professor
Alexander Graham Bell, at Washington:
•"Co.Tgratulations and best wishes. If you
can make use of my estate in Cape Breton,
rear Baddeck, as a temporary station, you
are welcome to it, and my manager, Mr.
Mclnnes, will be glad to care for you and
your party and do everything possible to
facilitate your experiments."
Marconi feels very grateful for Profes
sor Bells kind offer and is making inqui
ries regarding the suitability of Baddeck
for experimental purposes.
Marconi still holds his Intention to leave
for Canada Sunday. His assistants are
packing up the wireless apparatus.
O'Kelly Must. Go to JaiL
CASTLEBAR, Ireland, Dec. 18.— The
hearing of the charges of holding meet
ings and delivering intimidating speeches
in defiance of the police, brought against
Connor O'Kelly. M. P., chairman of the
Mayo Council, and several other officials
of Maya , County, was concluded to-day.
O'Kelly r "was sentenced to two months'
imprisonment and four -other "defendants
were sentenced to terms of imprisonment
ranging from a fortnight to a month. All
the sentences were imposed without hard
labor.
0 . San Francisco, - Thursday. 18 December, 1801.
fi qiflMi ' .
An ideal gift §
I for a woman s
j The true essence of a gift lies in securing, for your friend I
something: that your friend would not have purchased if buy- fs
ing alone. Add to this the item of usefulness and the gift be- ■
comes ideal. g
Take this charming toilet table pictured above, for in- c
stance. Here is a dainty piece of furniture that would be re- H
ceived with delight by any woman in the land. Yet. compara- ' fl
tively few women have a toilet table in their boudoir. M
This toilet table is only. one of over half a hundred differ- H
ent designs on our display floors, but it is one of the best. jjj
Made of selected oak. golden color, in the new "dead" finish. i 1
Contains fine swinging French bevel-plate mirror, 18 by 22 n
inches. Price $25.00. We also have this table in mahogan- g
ized birch at $25.00. • £••'■£!
a — c~~« ■. . a
We are open evenings now — come in after dinner and i
look around.-thus avoiding the crowds of the afternoons. Re- H
member, we are sincere when we say just as welcome to look fi
as to buy. • J. \ B
o ; ; o ' I
I (Successors to California Furniture Co.)
1 957 to 977 MarKct Street, Op?. Golden Gate Avenue.
ARTIST JOULLIN RETURNS TO CITY
CROWNED WITH LAUREL OF SUCCESS
AMEDEE JOULLIN. the California
artist, has returned from the
East with honors full upon him.
Success has at last thrown its
mantel over his shoulders and he
is now receiving many orders for work.
THE SAIS FRANCISCO -CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 19, ,1901.
CALIFORNIA ARTIST. THE DISPLAY OF WHOSE PICTURES IN A NEW
. YORK EXHIBIT HAS ADDED TO HIS GROWING FAME, AND A REPRO
DUCTION OF ONE OF HIS CANVASES THAT ATTRACTED ATTENTION.
It was at the Union League exhibit in
New York that the California artist won
a national fame and he is reaping the
fruits thereof even in the far West.
Joullin' exhibited twenty-two pictures
In New York and, their originality caught
the eye of the critic as well as the pub
lic. Indian subjects, all of them, they at
tracted a general attention which result
ed well for the artist both financially and
in the matter of reputation. The "End
of the Feud" and the "Medicine Man"
were the two canvases 'which | received
the greatest commendation. He brought
them with him and they are now hang
ing on the Bohemian Club walls.
FUTURE BRIGHT
FOR FILIPINOS
United States Commis
sion Reports on a
Year's Work.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 18.— Provision for
a permanent civil government and much
important legislation regarding the indus
trial development of the Philippines is
embodied in the annual report of the Phil
ippine Commission. It is declared that the
Federal partly spread like wildfire
throughout the archipelago and that there
are few towns in any of the provinces
which have not their Federal committees.
The members of the party were the most
active and effective in inducing insurgent
leaders to surrender. It Is declared by uie
commission that:
Outside of the five provinces named (Batan
gas, Cebu, Bohol, Sainar and Mlndoro) there
Is peace In the remainder of the archipelago.
All lnsurrectos have surrendered and in most
or the provinces except among the Luke Moros
It Is entirely safe during the day for travelers
unattended to go from one town to another.
In the other provinces recent war conditions
and suffering and hardship from cattle pest
and locusts have developed ladronism. The
people are friendly to the civil Government
and manifest no desire whatever for a,continu
ance of the- war, but only a desire for peace
and protection. . ...
Taking up the question of the political
future of the Filipinos, it is declared that
the theory upon which the commission is
proceeding is that the only possible means
of instructing the Filipino people In meth
ods cf free institutions and self-govern
ment is to make a Government partly of
Americans and partly of Filipinos, with
ultimate control in American hands for
some time to come. Less than 10 per cent
of the people speak Spanish, and the edu
cated people, under the influence of the
Spanish teaching, have but a faint concep
tion of real civil liberty and the mutual
self-restraints required for its mainten
ance.
The commission has already, however,
established municipal suffrage in the paci
fied parts of the islands and limited the
suffrage to those who can read and write
English or Spanish, or who own property
to the value of $250, pay an annual tax of
$15 or have been municipal officers. Thus
far only 49,523 electors have qualified under
these provisions, out of a population of
2,695,801, in 350 municipalities, showing only
18.37 electors per 1000 inhabitants. This is
only about 10 per cent of the number
which would qualify with similar popula
tion,under American law.
■The commission outlines- a project
which, in brief, contemplates the contin
uance for two years of the existing pow
ers of the commission. Then a represen
tative, government is^to be formed, com
posed of a Civil Governor, a legislative
council and a popular assembly, the pow
ers of. the latter being closely limited bo
as to prevent It from choking the gov
ernment in making the budget, in fits- of
passion or through inexperience. The
President of the United States would, of
course, reserve absolute veto power. The
Filipinos should also have the right to be
represented before Congress and the ex
ecutive government at Washington by
two delegates.
The commission proposes to settle ' the
vexed question of land titles by legislation
providing for the sale of public lands up
on the homestead principle and the pay
ment through a bond issue of the price
of the lands now held by the religious
orders. A 50 per cent reduction in the
tariff on Philippine imports into the
United States would*'. it is said, increase
trade by leaps and bounds. Other recom
mendations are. in substance, that the
present system of timber cutting under
license.be continued; that mining and in
corporation laws be passed; that the com
mission be permitted to confer charters
upon railways and to aid them by grants
of lands or guaranteeing low interest up
on the investments (probably the total
obligation would , hot • exceed $1,650,000) ;
that laws be passed providing -for coin
age, on the gold standard, with local sil
ver currency, and for a system of national
banks and land mortgage banks. .- • > ■
A full account is given by the com
mission of the organization of the system
of education, which has been going on so
vigorously under Dr. F. .W. Atkinson; the
general superintendent: ' The Englishlan
guage is the basis of all public instruction
and nearlv one thousand trained teachers
from the United States already have been
put to work in the towns and cities of the
pacified provinces, Apnlications for teach
ers haveAeen received from manv towns
where It hasnot yet been possible to send
them. The greatest e* eerness Is shown
among the natives to obtain a' knowledge
of English and a" general primary educa
tion: ; ■
Some of the pictures exhibited in New
York have been sold to Eastern collectors
and Joullin says that they brought double
the price he would have got for them in
this city. Emboldened by his Eastern suc
cess he will send a collection of paint
ings to New York next year. "That is
the only way to receive notice," he says.
"One or two pictures are entirely over
looked."
Here is one result of Joullin's New York
success. Yesterday he received a tele
gram from Thomas B. Clarke, the secre
tary of the. Union League Association,
saying that he was selected to paint a
panel in the new State Capitol at Helena.
Montana. The telegram also contained
the stipulated Drice. $2500.
URGES AMERICA
TO INTERVENE
German Editor Publishes
Significant State-.
ments.
1 BERLIN, Dec. 18.— An interesting ar
ticle has appeared in the Kreuz Zeitung,
which, although it cannot be called even
a semi-official newspaper, sometimes re
flects Government views. The article
dwells on the alleged probability of Amer
ican intervention in South Africa, remarks
that President Roosevelt Is not in har
mony with. the bulk of public sentiment
and adds: -
"Americans must remember-that In 17S3
the Union would not 'have been possible
except through foreign Intervention. If
there are far-seeing statesmen in America
it must be hoped that they soon will see
that they are under a high moral obliga
tion to Intervene In South Africa and that
they are strong enough to do so effect
ively.!'
The article goes on to say that the
United States occupies a unique posi
tion, being without powerful . military ri
vals across her border: that she would
need only to give orders to march on
Canada to bring Great Britain to terms
arid if she took s,uch a step she would win
Festival of Cheer.
. . Blessed is ths land which hath its
and they who can enjoy it.
Hi nunter
J|L Baltimore
JSbbIs^^P?^ Health and Hospitality
because.it is the finest
H Wm 223-225 California St., San Kranclsco, Cal.
ROSEVELT WILL
RETAIN LYNCH
President Announces De
sires in Collector
ship Affair.
While Perkins Protests No
Change in Onlce Will
Occur. .
Special Disnatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
.W.,' WASHINGTON, Dec. 18.— Internal
Revenue . Collector J. C. Lynch of the
First District j of j California will not be
removed. . The matter was decided to-day
by President Roosevelt, who informed
Senator Bard that, Senator Perkins had
protested againet Lynch's removal, and
as long as the senior Senator maintained
that attitude no action would be taken.
Senator Bard had an interview with the
President by appointment this morning.
Bard was accompanied by State Senator
Belshaw; of California, a college mate of
the President. They laid the matter be
fore the President, Bard urging the re
moval of Lynch because of the "perni
cious activity" of the Collector in poll
tics, State and national. Bard was pre
pared further and more fully to present
what -.he believed to be just causes for
Lynch's removal, but was met with th3
prompt' declaration of the President that
Senator Perkins' protest against the step
urged by Senator Bard would prevent any
action in the matter, and that Lynch
would be retained.
, Senator : Bard told th£ President that
while he regretted -deeply his refusal to
depose Lynch, whose removal the Senator
regarded as demanded by the best inter
ests of the public service, he must accept
and abide by. his decision. Senator Bard
later expressed his disappointment at the
attitude of the President, who, he be
lieves, has not fully realized the real
character and significance of the opposi
tion to Lynch's removal, but has rested
solely on the senior Senator's protest re
gardless of- the merits of the question.
, A bit of humor was added to this rather
serious and embarrassing case to-day by
Senator Perkins, who was at the White
House, -to Introduce William M. Bunker
to the President. Mr. Roosevelt told Sen
ator Perkins that he and Bard ought. to
"get together" on the Lynch matter,
whereupon Perkins said to the President
that he (the Senator)-, was chairman of
the Senate Committee on Civil Service
Reform and therefore could not consist
ently recommend the removal of an efil
cient public servant. Senator Perkins'
tender regard for civil service reform ap
pealed at once to the President's sense of
humor and the conversation drifted ■ to
other matters. '■'.'/
FBIENDS OF CHINESE.
TALK TO SENATORS
Effort Is Being Made to Grant 3Tavor
; to Merchants, Travelers and
Students. . ; :
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 18.— A dele
gation representing the American Asiatic
Association appeared before the Senate
Committee on Immigration to-day and
urged that an exception be made in the
.proposed Chinese exclusion law in favor
of Chinese merchants who desire to come
to this country. The delegation also ad
dressed the House Foreign Affairs Com
mittee in favor of fair treatment of Chi
nese travelers, merchants and students.
Representative Kahn urged the rigid ex
clusion of the Chinese. In | response to
suggestions that a division of sentiment
existed on the subject, Kahn declared that
the mercantile community of San Fran
cisco was about three to one for exclusion,
a recent test vote by the Merchants' Asso
ciation having shown this result. A hear
ing will be granted on the exclusion mat
ter after Congress reassembles next
month. -
Christmas Cards and Calendars.
"California Poppy," "California Wild
Flower," "Indian," "Chinese," "Japaji
ese" and "Pipe Rack" Calendars and a
beautiful line of artistic Christmas Cards
at Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s, 741 Market st. • •
the sympathies of the Christian world.
The editor of the Kreuz Zeltung Inter
weaves much talk , in this article about
corruption in high places in the United
States and the dominance of plutocracy
there, all of which, he says, would be for
given her if she would- only intervene in
South Africa. :
LONDON, Dec. 18.— Dr. Kraus, the for
mer Governor of Johannesburg, who is
charged with high treason and having in
cited Cornelius Broeksma, the ex-publio
prosecutor of Johannesburg (who was ex
ecuted September 30), to murder John
Douglass Foster, an English lawyer, at
tached to Lord Roberts', staff, was for
mally committed for trial to-day at the
Bow Street Police Court.
Vanity Fair says it hears on excellent
authority that Lord Roberts, commander
in chief of the forces, contemplates leav
ing the War Office in April and that he
will be succeeded by^. the Duke of - Con
naught.
r . Joe Rosenberg's. | Joe Rcsenbsrg's.
JJBbfifcf !O. OOO
oKmi W HANDKEHCH1ER
' A partnership that
«^^j|^^r coulfln't agree. Towlnfl-
ma^ ers W wsplYed'-'
v to sell. We ■ bought -tiie en-
. tire Handkerchief Stock at a most
I^^^^^ ; - 'extraordinary low ligure.
— "~ "~-* Below are quoted a few:
For instance we hare Boxed Ready far Presentation.
Ladies' Handkerchiefs, gents* handkerchiefs, made
, ' ; „ ?. ' , of pure Irish linen, hand Initialed
I made of beat 1 quality sheer lawn, hemstitched; come in fancy
neatly hemstitched and hand-made, boxes of six OSc box
initialed. Neat, dainty and sheer. i n Arv_r > -p-\i'r<a'' "vt L r,v tt t»
Real hanrllrprrhipf valnp«j tn h*» AGAIJs — GhNTS H A N D K E K-
foundhwe Onlv values to CHIEFS, made of best Irish lawn,
round here. Only »>c neatly hemstitched. A pretty hand-
Another Great Hit! Never Before Equated made lnItlal - a box containing^ six.
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS, """ ""* °
made of best quality Irish lawn, kpzfa Wp Hawo Ronte' HanHSlornhJofc
finished with dainty edge of lace, AgdlH HB ndlB beHb nailulierCniBlS
neatly - hemstitched. Full value for Made of best Irish linen, warrant-
your money here 5<5 ed all linen, neatly hemstitched.
Belter Than Most Stores Offer for 20c. PFlced beyond a11 «>« cta «°-i-^
ladies- : handkerch i e f s. Also— Ladies' Handkerchiefs.
made of best lawn, lace insertion, Ma ; „. . . T . . „ „.
H KrSVice 11 M *" "^ K °l6c SZ
i cergs price... iuc ly hemstitched. Only 10c
1 . More Good Offerings. . cnmofUn* for *h Q i mi» n«,c ■
I Six for the price you have paid for SOfflelfilDgfOr UK Lltti3 CnSS.
II one. * CHILDREN'S HANDKERCHIEFS.
If GENTS' JAPONETTE- HAND- made of good Irish lawn, neatly
■ . KERCHIEFS— Look like silk, but hemstitched, colored borders. . Fancy
jfj wear much better. Hemstitched, b °x of three, assorted colors, *
H hand embroidered, silk initials. A now ~..17c
M box of six, Joe Rosenberg's price... , " ,
I —-v •••••• -50c Pillow Cushions Made Up and Ready
1 Direct From ths Old Country. . for Use.
H WE BELIEVE THE QUALITY hnl ._ ht -..
« AND STYLE ARE MUCH BETTER theT I from -i /GtOfWrffSfiGto*
S THAN .OTHERS; but, if they are p ar ?, i t, „ -£ §#^£^1^3
■ not, THEY ARE AS GOOD, and the dealer who waa ' §T **~jl «I
B prices are much LOWER. anxious tn cU^l H tS*^T S»
H LADlxliO nAr« JJ-K.Jli.KCrl 1 su r o, out his HAND- f » *7
H . made of good Irish linen, all pure e m b R O I D- 2 J* / a
g linen, neatly hemstitched, soft and ERED CUSH- if • it «if " =1
H durable. Note the price GY*C IONS before the , S3 "yjt^^ |3
I Bought to Seli Originally for 50 Cents. *WjUM^B
H LADIES' HANDKER CHIEFS, made of - very \Z/^^* ~ ""'W .
H made of very best Irish lawn. This best denim and =•- <■**? :
H season's newest embroidered or lace art sateen. They are all hand work-
B edges, neatly made and well finished, ed with best silk wash floss, with
el Just half their original selling price wide ruffle of best all-silk ribbon.
H 25c either satin or taffeta, or fancy cord.
H "ANOTHER BIG LOT OF LADIES' We have every design you ccuM
H HANDKERCHIEFS, made of best wish for. All very handsome and
H lawn, < lace or embroidered edges; elaborate. Marked exceedingly low In
Q come six in a fancy embossed (imita- order to sell them quickly—
m tion of carved leather) box tied with $15.00 CUSHIONS now S4.!).%
H ' satin ribbon. Dainty and most ac- $10.00 CUSHIONS now $3.4.>
H ceptable as a gift. Box of six...5Oc $7.50 CUSHIONS now ....#3.i2o
1 me DnQCMDCDP 816 MARKET street,
1 JllL nUuLllDiLnU Running through to 11 O'Farre//.
I Mail Order* Solicited- PHELAN BUILDING.
CLAIMS LEAVE
IS IRREGULAR
Webster Asks Informa
tion as to Babcock's.
"Vacation.
Superintendent of Schools Webster will
to-morrow begin an investigation into an
alleged irregular leave of absence granted
by President Kihcaid of the Board of Ed
ucation to Madison Babcock, vice-princi
pal of the Fairmount Grammar school,
Webster will request information from
the I board at its meeting as to the au
thority under which Babcock has absent
ed himself from his duties. This will
be a preliminary into an inquiry which
Webster will pursue regarding the al
leged Inefficiency of Babcock as a
6 Webster contends that Babcock has
never been granted regular leave as the
rules of the board provide. It appears
that Babcock visited Mrs. Kincaid some
three weeks ago and on his informing her
that he was a sick man she told him to
go away for a rest and not come back un
til his health had been restored. The
rules' grant the president of the board
such authority, but Webster says that it
is the president's duty to report her ac
tion at the next meeting of the. board.
The rule on the subject provides that "the
president may act for the board in the
Interim of meetings, but must report all
such action to the board at its next meet
ing for ratification.". This, Webster says,
has never been done and the records bear
him out. Webster is at a loss to know
why Babcock should be treated with so
much consideration when other teachers
are held strictly to the letter of the regu
lations when requesting absence leave.
The verbal report of Miss C. F. Thomp
son, principal of the Fairmount school,
that Babcock is inefficient both as a dis
ciplinarian and teacher, has been corrob
orated in a measure by the investigations
of Deputies Howard and Kingsbury.
They were only able to find Babcock at
his desk one day and they report that his
methods were somewhat erratic. Web
ster is disinclined to subject Babcock to
the ordeal of a trial until additional In
quiries have been made. The Superin
tendent, however, will insist on Babcock
being granted leave in the regular way
and when the vice-principal returns to his
duties he may experience some difficulty
in proving that he is a competent teacher.
MUST PAY TAX TO MAKE
"WHISKY" FROM RECIPE
B. Rocknian Secures Necessary Ad
vice From Collector of Internal
Revenue Department.
• E. Rockman, who is engaged In selling
a "recipe for making whisky," yesterday
decided to call on Collector Lynch of the
Internal Revenue i Department to assure
the Government official, that he was not
violating the laws. ■
Rockman declares that his business Is
perfectly legitimate and says that his
"whisky" is as good as any made in a
distillery. . Rockman yesterday gave an
exhibition, of making his whisky. To a
mixture of alcohol and water he added a
few drops of a dark, thick liquid and a
dash of the contents, of a clear liquor.
Then he stirred the concoction up and
claimed it was fit to drink.
'* The internal revenue officials stated yes
terday that Rockman was not violating
the laws by selling a recipe for making
"whisky." Any person purchasing the
"recipe" and using it is subject to prose
cution unless the rectifying license is pre
viously paid. - .
Rockman stated that he is not making
any. secret of: hia business,, and says that
he Is honestly engaged in negotiating a
sale of his "recipe" for use In the Philip
pine Islands.
Outfits for 'Artists.
Oil and Water Color. Boxes filled with
artists' supplies or a nice set of drawing
Instruments make useful and acceptable
Christmas presents for any one who likes
to paint or draw. 'Greatest assortment at
Sanborn; Vail & Co.'s.' 741 Market street. *
NEW. YORK, : Dec. lS.-rCharles Stokes, who
was arrested for having: In his possession f2U0O
worth of postage stamps alleged to have been
stolen from: the Chicago postof flee, , was Indict
en to-c>BY. He was committed to Jail In de
fault oM5000 ball. ' t '
JAMES DUNPHY
SET AT LIBERTY
Jury Finds That Killing
of Edward Stanton
Was Justifiable.
James M. Dunphy, who shot and killed
Edward Stanton at Minna and Mary
streets on the evening of September 27,
was acquitted yesterday afternoon by a
jury in Judge Cook's court.
When the court convened yesterday
morning Judge Cook delivered his charge
to the jurors and they retired to deliber
ate upon a verdict. As they had not ar
rived at an agreement at the noon hour
a recess was taken till 2 o'clock so that
they could partake of lunch. They re
turned to court at 2 o'clock and fifteen
minutes later announced that they had
agreed.
Every eye in the courtroom was fixed
upon the jurors as they slowly filed into
the courtroom and took their seats.
Courtroom Clerk Tolle asked if they had
agreed upon a verdict and the foreman,
J. H. Dooley, answered. "We, the jury,
find the defendant not guilty of the
charge of murder."
There were cheers and clapping of
hands In -the courtroom when the verdict
was announced, but the demonstration
was quickly suppressed by Judge Cook,
who ordered Bailiff Windrow to bring the
disturbers before him.
A painful silence followed and Windrow
looked to where the noise was greatest,
but he could not positively select any one
In particular.
"My attention." said the Judge, "was
not directed to the- disturbance at the mo
ment and I have to depend upon the offi
cers of the court. I would teach them a
severe lesson for making such a demon
stration in a court of justice if I wa3 cer
tain of any of them. The noise was most
unseemly."
When the jury was discharged Dun
phy's mother, who was seated beside him.
threw her arms round his neck and wept
while friends crowded round to congrat
ulate him.
The citizens who composed the jury
were: J. M. Merrill. J. E. Dealey, J. W.
Tamm, James Walsh, T. Frahm, J. H.
Dooley.' George Lake, W. H. Tilson. ■ \v.
E. Lovejoy. M. Stockwltz, Andrew Jack
son and Philip Hirleman.
Small Blots in Costa Rica.
SAN . JOSE, Costa Rica, Dec. IS, via
Galveston.— The primary elections are
over. The official Republican ticket won.
Thefe was much rioting at the pollinsr
places but the disturbances were Quelled
by the police. The candidate for the Re
publican .party for President in Costa
Rica was Maximo Fernandez.
APVEBTISingENTS.
Twelve Years of
AM Pile Pain.
A." E. Auringer, Braid wood. 111., says:
"After suffering untold agony for over
twelve years from both forms of piles, and
trying all sorts of pile remedies without
relief, I am completely cured by .Pyramid"
"Pile. Cure." Sold by all druggists. 50c a
box. \ Book, "Piles, Causes" and Cure,"
mailed* free,' Pyramid Drug Company,
Marshall, Mich.
56
THURSDAY. '. DECEMBER 19, 1901
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
kttttxx AH Commtcic&tioa* to W. S. LEAEE. Huator.
MANAGER'S OFFICE .Telephone Press 204
FUBLICATIOSf OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press SOI. *
EDITORIAL ROOMS...'. .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202. .
Delivered or Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weelc
Single Copies. S Cents.
Terms for Mail, Including Postasre i
DAILY CALL <incluaing Sunday), one year.... ....$«.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). « t-onths 3.00
DAD^Y CALL (Including- Sunday). 3 months 1-50
DAIL.T CAiX—By Single Month • 65<J
SUNDAY CALL, One Year 1 - s0
•WEEKLY CALL, One Tear • " . 1 -°°
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be lorwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGKESS.
Xuigei Feitign Advertisicp. Ktrijcette Building, Chkigo.
CLang Distance Telephone "Central 261S.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARIiTOJr. Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEJT B. SMITH. ...... -3O Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
FVemont House; Auditorium Hotel. {
WASHIJTGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE 14O6 G St.. X. W.
MORTOX E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BRAJfCH OFFICJKS— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
9:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 104 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-s«cond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
£200 PUhnore. optn until 9 y. m. ■'"jV* ■-"-'•■
AMUSEMENTS. _
Columbia— "A Royal Ropue."
iOrpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Diplomacy."
California — "Rip Van Winkle." ,
Tivoli — "Little Red Rldinsr Hood."
Central — "Muldoon's Picnic."
Alcarar— "The Gay Mr. Llsrhtfoot."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
Fischer* e — Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— BasebalL
Central Park— Vasco B JI Game.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Piano Recital.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day. --'. - -/ ;--'"
AUCTION SALES.
By Win. G. Layng — Saturday, December 21. at 11 o'clock,
Trotting Stock, at 721 Howard street.
THE CUBAN ELECTIONS.
/- > ECRETARY ROOT has emphatically and
somewhat sharply informed the representatives
of the Maso party in Cuba that this Govern
ment will not accede to their request to postpone the
Cub£n elections. He declines to interfere in any
way, and the Cubans must go forward at once with
the work of organizing their government and putting
it into practical operation.
The plea for interference was based upon the
charge that the central board of scrutiny, which will
have the task of determining the results of the elec
tions, is composed of men all of whom are friends
and supporters of General Palma, leaving the Maso
party without a single representative on the board.
On the face of it the plea appears f a valid one. It has
ever been the custom in this country that both the
two great parties into which the people are' divided
should be represented on election boards from the
lowest to the highest, and the principle that under
lies the practice here is equally applicable to Cuba.
It happens, however, that in this particular instance
the rule of equal representation could not be enforced
without entailing consequences more evil than that
of leaving'the board of scrutiny as it is, and accord
ingly the ruling of the Secretary is as justifiable in
principle as in expediency.
The central board of scrutiny was appointed be
fore the Cubans had divided themselves into their
present political alignments* and before any candi
dates were nominated. It was therefore impossible
to apportion its membership on party lines. It stands
as a strictly non-partisan board, so far as its.organi
zation goes, and if the chances of politics are such
as to have brought it about that all of them are
aligned in the party of Palma t.hat is something the
United States officials could not have foreseen and
cannot be expected to interfere with.
The Cuban elections are arranged to extend over
a considerable period. In the latter, part of this
month there will be elections to choose the Govern
ors of provinces, later on there will be elections of
members to the Provincial Assemblies, still later
Deputies to the National House will be" chosen;
next in order the election of Senators will take place,
and it will not be until February that the Presiden
tial-election occurs. Cuba, therefore, is going to
have an election winter and something like a con
tinuous campaign. Should our Government begin at
this time to interfere, it might have to continue in
terfering at each one of the «. succeeding , elections.
•That, of course, is something we wish to avoid.
Cuba is to be self-governing, and the time for her
to begin such government is right now.
The request for interference is the more strange
because it comes from the party which has made
"Cuba for the Cuban"' a campaign cry, and which op
poses General Palma because he is regarded as too
friendly to the United States. Secretary Root made
a good point upon that fact by closing his reply to
the representative of General Maso with the state
ment: "I cannot avoid the conviction that your re
quest calls upon the United States for the very in
terference with the Cuban elections which your asso
ciates have deprecated and which it is our duty and
our purpose to avoid."
The Kaiser's latest enterprise is that of spelling
reform. He insists that the spelling of "Koln" shall
be changed to "Coin," and "Krefeld" to "Crefeld."
As the new spelling would be a change from the old
German method the advocacy of it is something of
a novelty in the Kaiser, who has in other things been
decidedly medieval in his tendencies, and for once
Wilhelm has managed to surprise- folks.
All the bird lovers. in Great Britain are' raging be
cause a thousand larks were baked in pies to serve an
immense banquet given, to the King, and as a conse
quence the thing is not likely to occur again. His
Majesty may have in his pies as many blackbirds as
he chooses, but his day for larks is over! i
,: ■ . ■ ■- ..,.v •■■: :M, -
THE REAL: WATER PROBLEE
SAN FRANCISCO emerges from the con
. troversy over the use of Point Lobos Creek as
,~a source of water supply ' only to confront a
more important problem. It is fairly certain the
Spring Valley Water Company resorted to that creek
mainly because it could not, obtain from -its other
sources of supply a. quantity of water adequate to the
demand at all seasons of the year. The real ques
tion before the city, therefore, is not one of prevent
ing the use of water drawn from contaminated water
sheds, but of providing a source of water supply
which shall be not only pure but abundant.
The Spring Valley Water Company has evidently
reached the limit of its present resources. The water
taken from Point Lobos Creek has been condemned,
and it. will be but a comparatively short time when
the supply drawn from Lake Merced must be con
demned also, for the settlement of the population is
extending in that direction. In fact, it is only a
question of time when no part of the peninsula will
be free enough. from human habitation and the re
sulting refuse for its springs and streams to furnish
water fit for household purposes. . V
Even, however, were there no question of the pur-*
ity of the waters of Lobos Creek or of Lake Merced,'
there would still remain the important fact that the
whole supply of the Spring Valley Company is in
adequate to the needs of the increasing population of
the city. We do not feel with any acuteness the need
of more water just now, but we would be foolish
should we postpone any steps toward obtaining , a
larger supply until the need is felt acutely. A water
system for a city of the size of San Francisco is not
to be provided in a. day nor in a year. If we make
no move to obtain abundant water until we actually
require the water for daily needs we shall . have a
long period of suffering in many ways, accompanied
by municipal stagnation.
One of the noted features of the development of
modern civilization has been the increased use of
water by individuals, by families and by communities
as a whole. Cities that have not an abundant, pure
and cheap water supply soon become noted and are
shunned. Njothing is more attractive to the home
seeker and to the settler than the assurance that the
water supply of the community in which he thinks of
settling is at once healthful and ample. There -are
cities which owe much of their success to the fact
that they have such ample water, supplies, and there
are others whose ill-success is due to the lack of
them. We are therefore confronting an issue which
even at this time is of prime importance, notwith
standing the fact that it is not felt as a matter of
urgency by the general mass of the people,
It is right and fitting the proper authorities should
see to it that no impure water is served to any por
tion of the city, and that water" rates be ,not exces
sive, but none the less those things must now be re
garded as minor matters in the problem. We should
at once dismiss as far as possible all the old conten
tions between the city and the Spring Valley Com 1
pany and go forward to the new work that awaits
us — that of providing the community with a. source
of water supply far larger, better and more certain
at all seasons than the Spring Valley Company can
furnish.
With the extension of electric roads the whole
southern sweep of San Francisco Bay will be girdled
by a continuous suburban settlement, having San
Francisco and Oakland' for its extremities and San
Jose as its central point. There will then be a de
mand for a water supply throughout the whole of
that region. The population will be large and the de
mand for water will be enormous when measured
by the present demand. For that supply we must be
gin to prepare now. If it be undertaken in time it
can be carried out economically after a well devised
plan. If we wait until the actual urgency come we
shall have an unavoidable waste of money. That,
then, is the chief and prime point in all water ques
tions that arise in San Francisco. We must prepare
for the future. N
If Congress agree to the estimates of needed ex
penditures for the different departments pi the Gov
ernment Uncle Sam will have to put up about $100,'
000,000 for the navy, $70,000,900 for the army, $150,
000,000 for pensions, $70,000,000 for rivers and < har
bors, and a few more millions to 'give a start to the
Nicaragua canal and the irrigation of arid lands, be
sides the ordinary expenses of civil government; so
it is fortunate for the old man that he has a prosper
ous lot of people to contribute to his revenues.,
... - ■ '- • ■ i
WALL STREET'S COPPER FIGHT.
WHETHER the public will ever learn all the
inside history of the struggle over copper
. stocks in Wall street may be doubted. The
astute men who manipulate the deals that bring
about such* struggles are never sufficiently angry with
one another to tell all they know. The saying
"When thieves fall out hone'st men. get their dues"
was originated at a time when, thieves 'were men of
limited intellect and uncontrollable passions. The :
highly scientific exploiter of other men's pockets
through stock deals knows very well that his oppo
nent in the street to-day may be his friend— or at
least his ally — to-morrow, and consequently he does
not expose all the iniquity of his opponent's action.
By reason of that wise reticence the public gets but
faint glimpses of, the inner working of such schemes
as that which has recently led to losses, ruin and de
falcations in all parts of the country.
In the absence of full light on the subject we must
be content with such light as we can get and make
the best use of it. It. is therefore worth noting that
T. W. Lawson, whose position during the whole
fight has been so conspicuous, has issued a personal
statement to the holders of Amalgamated stock ex
plaining the situation from his point of view and jus
tifying himself from the attacks made upon him..
His statement is interesting, no matter to what ex
tent it may be colored by his personal prejudices and"
interests, and while it would not be wise, perhaps/for
any one to act upon it to the extent of speculating
in copper stocks, yet in the absence of any authori
tative refutation from a source equally reliable it
furnishes about, the best information we have con
cerning the deal.
Briefly stated, Mr. Lawson's explanation is that the
slaughtering of copper stock in the street was done
for no other purpose than that of- frightening small
stockholders into selling their stock and ■ enabling
the schemers to buy it at a low price. Along with
the stocks of the small holders the schemers also
hoped to get possession of those of the , Daly "estate
and of Mr. Lawson. .Of the result of the 'scheme tip
to the date when his statement was published (De
cember 12) Mr. Lawson says: "The campaign has >
been largely successful. Many investors have been
slaughtered, certain heavy speculators also, and the
Daly holdings have been secured. Mine have not."
"Perhaps the most important feature of the state-"
merit is the assertion that the depression in' the stocks'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1901.
was caused largely by what Mr. Lawson calls
"journals whose editors', names are generally found
upon the .formation of new corporations in the « list
of 'stock allotted, not tobe paid for; profit guaran
teed.' " .-"'. These' journals, it is said, have been busy
informing the public that "the Amalgamated and
copper trouble is all and entirely the outcome of the
natural conditions of the metal trade. The condi
tions of the metal market are responsible for every
thing, and they only are responsible." Mn ' Lawson
declares such statements to be false and misleading.,
He asserts: i "The -cause of the recent drop in the
price of Amalgamated was it was held by thousands
of investors throughout America and 'Europe, and a
campaign was planned to slaughter those investors."
The Call cannot undertake to decide between the
contending parties,- but the moral should not be
overlooked by any one. He who speculates in Wall
street goes it blind. A man might just- as well buy
gold bricks of the first bunko man who comes his
way. ' The effects of thfc copper, deal, have been felt
disastrously all. over the United States. Even Cali
fornia's; distance from: the scene of the excitement
has not saved some of our people from its influence.
There as~ now hiding from justice a once highly re
spected bank cashier of Los Angeles whose downfall
is' attributed by, his friends to speculations in copper.
.Wall: street is a healthy locality if you'keep out of it.
After all it may be that. we must look to Italy for
the elevation of the stage. It is said that at the re
cent first night performance of d'Annunzio's drama,
"Francesca da Rimini," at Rome, the audience di
vided itself into two factions; there were storms of
hisses* and thunders of applause. Every scene was
taken seriously, and the close of the play was fol
lowed by about an equal number -of duels and ban
quets. The town of Rimini conferred its freedom
upon the author and' sent, a magnificent wreath to
Signora Duse, who played the part of the heroine.
In short, there was everywhere a manifestation that
the Italian people look upon the drama as something
more than a mere amusement, and sanguine critics
prophesy a new renaissance for dramatic art.
WHEN submitting to the Senate the report
of the Committee on Manufactures con
cerning the pure food laws of the different
States of the Union and of various foreign countries,
Senator Mason made a brief statement of the bene
ficial effects of such hiws, and as an illustration cited
the results obtained by the law designed to put a
stop to the. adulteration of flour. The success at
tained, by : that act, he argued, is sufficient to justify
further legislation in the same direction and to en
courage Congress to undertake a comprehensive
scheme of pure food legislation.*
At the beginning of its investigations into the
practice of food adulterations the committee found
that fully 6o per cent of the flour used in this coun
try was adulterated. Wheat flour was mixed ■ with
finely ground; white corn, with a by-product of glu
cose factories known as "corn flour," which consists
of the remnant of corn after all the sugar and gluten
have been taken out, leaving nothing but the husks,
and with a species of white earth known as terra alba,
or mineraline.
The first two adulterants are not deleterious in
their nature and the wrong done to the consumer
is simply that . of foisting upon ! liim an inferior ar
ticle in place of the genuine -flour he desires and pays
for. Even in that light, however, the'evil is a serious
one. Senator Mason states that as much as 25 or 30
per cent of worthless by-product of the glucose fac
tories was mixed with flour, and that at the time the
investigation was. made "more than half of all. the
mills in the United States had what is commonly
known as a mixer." The mineraline adulterant is
absolutely pernicious, but it seems it was never used
to form any considerable percentage of ' the whole
mixture, sold as pure flour.
The flour trade was in that condition when Con
gress amended the Dingley tariff by placing a tax
upon mixed flour. The tax was not designed to
raise a revenue so much as to give the Federal Gov-
ernment authority to inspect flours and collect the
tax, the Supreme Court upheld the validity of the
law, and Senator Mascn says: "During the first
twelve months after the passage of the law about
12,000 barrels ? of mixed flour containing terra alba
were confiscated. The mills that were used in grind
ing itMiave been dosed — they are absolutely out of
business." '
The results of the law as revealed in the export'
trade of the country strikingly attest, the value of
pure food .regulations. After governmental super-
vision of r flour was 'put into force the export trade
increased from 10,000,000 barrels of flour to 15,000,000
barrels in twelve months. : >- '-*;.';■:
Commenting upon ; the increase the Senator went
on to say: "I have here a printed letter from ihe
leading merchants in flour in fifteen of the largest
cities of the world, including London, Bremen,
Glasgow, Liverpool, 'Amsterdam, ' Antwerp, Ham
burg, and so on, stating that immediately after the
passage of what is known as the American pure food
bill the demand for American flour increased. While
I do not claim that the large increase of 50 per' cent
is due wholly to the fact that we guaranteed the pur
ity of the flour, yet I do believe, and it is generally
believed by the manufacturers of the country, that a
very large' share of the increase is due to that
cause." j ■
In taking flour as an illustration of the advantages
to be gained from a governmental supervision, Sen
ator Mason did not overlook the importance of ap
plying a. similar, protection to other classes of food.
"We found adulterations," he said, "in the' spices
that go on the table, the. syrups, the jellies, the jams,
the pickles, and ten thousand kinds of foods." Gov
ernmental supervision in such matters has the triple
benefit of protecting the consumer against adultera
tions more or less harmful, the ' honest manufacturer
against the dishonest competitor, and increasing .the
demand for our 'products abroad. It* would' seem,
then, that the^ precedent established in the flour law
might be, profitably followed in/dealing with other
staple articles of food or drink.
. Boss Croker is reported to have said he is willing
to retire from politics," but he -will not .resign the
chairmanship of the finance committee of Tammany
Hall; so it is.fair.tb infer that he handles the finances
as a matter of private business and nbt*as an affair, of
politics. That is the reason he can maintain a racing
stable in England and furnish. his son with bull pups
at a cost of $1000 each. ' ,.
At. a recent meeting of livestock "men -in; Chicago
one of the orators declared that the man who eats
beef rules. the world; that no one can exert his full
energies unless? he has beefsteak for breakfast. We
are told the ■ speech was greeted with applause. " Evi
dently;the pork packers were nof invited to the meet
ing.; ">:-;.■■' ' ' ' ■ '"' '.' ; : : -\' .;'
PURE POOD LAWS.
LEGISLATORS OE THE NATION DECIDE
ON A PHILIPPINE LAW.
House Passes
Revenue Bill
For Islands
WASHINGTON, Dec. 18.— The bill
to provide revenue temporarily
for the Philippine Islands . pass-'
I ed the House to-day by a vote
of 163 to 128. Five Republicans
— McCall of Massachusetts, Littlefield of
Maine, Heatwole, Eddy and ; Stevens of
Minnesota— voted with the Democrats
against the bill, and three Democrats-
Robertson, Davey and Broussard of
Louisiana— voted with the Republicans
for it. Meyer (D.) of Louisiana was
paired , in favor of the bin with Foster,
an Illionis Democrat, who voted against
the Porto Rican bill in the last Congress,
and voted for tne Philippine measure to
day.' Crumpacker of Indiana, who also
voted against the Porto Rican ? bill, - was
absent.
In the course of the debate to-day the
Democrats were several "times taunted
with their failure to present an alterna
tive proposition for* the pending meas
ure, but just before. the vote -v^as taken
on the passage of the bill the attitude, of
the minority was denned in a motion to
recommit, offered by Richardson, the mi
nority leader. N It instruqted the Ways and
Means Committee to report the bill back
amended so. as to reduce the customs and
internal revenue laws of the United
States to a revenue basis and to extend
them to the Philippines until the latter,
with the aid of the United States, should
be able to set up a stable, independent
government. %
'*■;&■; Participant's in the Debate.
This proposition did not command a
Republican vote, and the three Louisiana
Democrats abo've mentioned voted against
it. Meyer of Louisiana was paired against
it. The speakers to-day were Hepburn
of Iowa and Dalzell of Pennsylvania for
the bill and , Henry of Texas, Williams of
Mississippi, McCall (R.) of Massachusetts,
Green of Pennsylvania and McClellan of
New York against it.
The bill passed to-day imposes the
Dingley tariff on goods entering the
United States from the Philippines and
the rates established by the Philippine
Commission on goods entering the Philip
pines from the United States. It also
provides for the collection \ of tonnage
taxes on vessels plying between the
United States and the Philippines, and
that foreign vessels may ply between
these ports until January 1, 1905. The du
ties and taxes collected under the pro
visions of the bill shall go into the Phil
ippine treasury, to be expended for the
use and benellt of the islands.
The attendance in the galleries did not
indicate much public interest in the de
bate. Henry of Texas was the first
speaker. He characterized the bill as op
pressive and o'utrageous. Hepburn of
Iowa charged that the reason the opposi
tion gave unanimous consent for a vote
on the bill without opportunity to offer
amendments was because they did not
wish to present their propositions in con
crete form, and "be content to talk and
afraid to act."
.Hepburn said he believed the policy of
the bill was right. He did not believe
the Filipinos .were capable of self-govern
ment.
: "Do you not believe, they are as capable
of self-government as the Cubans? 1 ' in
quired Shafroth, of Colorado. , ;
: "I do." •. >
.'"Then, do you not believe in the in
dependence of Cuba?"
"The Democratic party, forced the ad
ministration into a position where it was
compelled against its will to declare for
the independence of Cuba," replied Hep
burn, amidst Democratic applause.'
"Oh, you may applaud," he continued,
"but I predict that before many years you
will yours-ejves see the unwisdom of giv
ing the Cubans independence."
The debate was closed by Dalzsll of
Pennsylvania in a speech of an hour. He
drew a parallel between the government
of the Louisiana Territory immediately
after its acquisition and the government
of the Philippines, to show that the latter
was less arbitrary and despotic than the
former.
"This measure purports to be a revenue
bill;" interrupted McDermott of New Jer
sey. "Can he cite any act which imposed
a duty on goods from one Territory or
State to another?"
Dalzell Starts a Laugh.
"Certainly,", replied Dalzell. "If the
gentleman will examine history he will
find that duties v;ero levied for a long
time on goods from the Territory of Lou
isiana and- also of Florida." (Republican
applause, followed by laughter aa Mann
of Illinois called out to McDermott "Go
'way back and sit down.") Vlv '
"I mean ah act of Congress," persisted
McDermott. "He cannot cite me an act
of Congress, because there is none." Dal*
zell declined to, be interrupted further.
Richardson, the minority leader, moved
to recommit the bill with the following
instructions:
To report a bill reducing the tariff laws and
Internal revenue laws now in force in other
portions of the United States to a revenue basis
and to apply the same to alt portions of the
United States, including the Philippine Islands,
to be in effect until order has been - restored
there . and . the Filipinos permitted, with the
aid of the United States, to establish a stable
and independent government.
The motion to recommit' was lost, 122 to
172. It -was a strict party vote, so far as
the Republicans v/ere,concerned,but there
were three votes against the motion from
the Democratic side, cast by Broussard,
Davey and Robertson, all of. Louisiana.
Meyer of Louisiana was paired against
the motion with Foster (Democrat of Il
linois.)
The bill was then passed, 163 to 12S. The
three Democrats from Louisiana who vot
ed against the motion to recommit Voted
for the bill, and" five Republicans— Mc-
Call, Massachusetts; Littlefield, Maine;
Heatwole, Eddy and Stevens, all t of Min
nesota,-voted with the Democrats against
it. At 4:40 the House adjourned.
ANSWERS "TO .QUERIES.
DIME OF 183S— A. E., Nevada City, Cal.
A dime of 1S33 is not a premium coin.
INDIA COINS— H. C. M., City. India
coins of 1S67, 5 and 10 bani, are not cata
logued as -premium, coins. . ".'■.
SBARCHLIGHTS-A. E. W.,- U&y
wards, Cal. The idea of using strong
electric or searchlights by: vessels, in
foggy .weather : has been -under considera
tion for sometime, but as yet no conclu
sion has been reached as to whether such
would serve to locate Ihe position of ves
sels in the mist.
FITZSIMMCttfS-^Curious, Vallejo, Cal.
The record shows that after Bob Fits
simmons was knocked out by Jim Jeffries
at t Coney Island June 9, 1889, Fitzsimmons
knocked out' Gus Ruh'lin, New York, Au
gust 10, 1900, and also ■ knocked out Tom
Sharkey i at Coney Island, August. 24, 1900.
SHOT— Reader of The Call;" Sacramento,
Cal." Shot such as is used in shotguns is
made in shot towers," lofty structures
from - the ; summit • of which melted • lead Is
allowed to drop through perforated. plates
ir;to Water or, other I liquid, the drops, as
suming { a \ globular shape and cooling in
the descent.
Favors Otero
for Governor
of New Mexieo
■X V tASHINGTON. Dec. 18.-The
\ A / President to-day sent the fol
\l \f lowing nominations to the Sen
" : " ate:
Miguel A. Otero, Governor of
New Mexico; Benjamin S. Baker, Nebras
ka, Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court of New Mexico; Levi Davis, Re
ceiver of Public Moneys at Sun Dance,
Wyo.; Frederick Muller, Receiver of Pub
lic Moneys at Santa Fe, N. M.
It was announced at the White House
to-day that the President has decided to
send to the Senate to-morrow the nom
inations of John Gallenkamp of Union,
Mo., to be Surveyor of the Port of St.
Louis, in place of Charles H. Smith, and
Charles F. Wenneker of St. Louis to be
Collector of Internal Revenue. It also
was stated that the recommendations of
the Republican members of Congress will
largely govern the President in the selec
tion of officers in their respective dis
tricts in Missouri, and that in the State
at -large' the recommendations of Richard
Kerens, the Missouri member of the Re
publican National Committee, and Aikens.
chairman of the State Republican Com
mittee, will be given favorable considera
tion. . -■ >.;v
The settlement which the President has
made of the contest over the Missouri
appointments is viewed by Secretary
Hitchcock as satisfactory: He has ex
pressed himself as well pleased with the
disposition of the question for three rea
sons:. First, the appointment- of Gallen
kamp, to wliom he is personally very
friendly and who was recommended by
Representative Bartholdt and approved
by Hitchcock as an alternative after the
fight developed on Smith, recommended
by the Kerens element, and William G.
Boyd, recommended by the Republican
Representatives and Chairman Aikens of
the State Republican Committee; second,
practically leaving the selection of of
fices In the various districts to . the Re
publican Representatives therefrom, and
third, the participation of Aikens in the
selection of State at large officers.
Q-H-H-I-I-l-I-I-I-r-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-l-i-I-I-l-l
PERSONAL MENTION.
£ John W. Hare, a mining man of Red
ding, is at the Grand.
Fred Searls, an attorney of Nevada
City, is staying at the Palace.
D. C. Demarest, a mining man of Angels
Camp, is registered at the Lick.
H. C. Schroeder, a mining man of Ne
vada City, is among the arrivals at the
Lick. .-",;^V ;;■*::. <>* = •
J. D. Farrell, president of the Pacific
Coast Company, left last evening for his
home at Seattle.
D. W. McKenzle, Samuel Tyack and
Joseph Nunes, all mining men of Mazat
lan, Mexico, are staying at the Lick.
Joseph Weissbein, a merchant of Gras3
Valley, is down here on a short business
trip and has made his headquarters at
the Palace.
Charles F. Oldham, who is an extensive
dealer in California wines in London, is
out here on a short trip. He is staying at
the Palace. . ■$-'• '& '■
J. E. Gorman, general freight agent of
the Santa Fe Railroad, with headQuarters
in Chicago, Is expected to arrive In the
city to-day.
A. G. Weeks, general manager of the
Santa Fe, with headquarters at Los An
geles, and Edward Chambers, manager of
the freight department of the Santa Fe
in Los Angeles, are both up for a few
days and are staying at the Palace.
Calif ornians In New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 18.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived at the hotels:
San Francisco — C. ' C. Collins, at the
Grand Union; W. McCabe, C. D. Rogers,
at the Broadway Central; C. Fricke, at
the Belvedere; E, L. Heller, at the
Normandie; J. Landsberger, at the Her
ald Square; W. J. Williams, at the Man
hattan.
Oakland— Mrs. Reichman, Mrs. W. M.
Watson, at the Earlington.
Los Angeles — A. N. Jung, at the Man
hattan.
Santa Barbara— E. R. Spaulding, at the
Plaza.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 18.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
Colonial— George M. Holcomb, Ban Fran
cisco. National— J. V. Young, R. E. Re
valk, W. L. Heise. G. A. Starkweather
Jr., San Francisco; Clarence Crowell,
Oakland. St. James— Douglas White, Mrs.
L. H. Trussler, San Francisco.
||f- ~ , , : i
-■■■-■ - ■ ■ • I,, i f -, i . . f
. j EMMA CALVE TELL,S THE STORY OF HER
j EXPERIMENTS IN THE OCCULT.
SAN FRANCISCO'S FIRST FIRE LASSIE.
CHRISTMAS AT DICKEY'S
THE SIGNS IN THE STARS.
(Pick out the date of your birth and read your for-
tune in next Sunday's Call).
U _ _ ?v
THE LITTLE JAP GIRL AND HER DOLL.
SOCIETY LADIES POSE AS MADONNAs/ I
J '■ THE BEAUTY QUEST. !
Article II— How to Cultivate Beautiful Curves. i
THE STORY OF THE SPEDLIN GHOST.
20-PAGES HUMAN INTEREST STORIES-20 A
__■ , " ' '. " ' " ■■"■ - — ■ — — — — —^^^^^
Senate Gives
Its Approval
to Promotions
WASHINGTON, Dec. 18.-Tha
Senate to-day confirmed several
hundred army promotions and
several promotions in the navy;
also the following:
Brigadier General Lloyd "Wheat on, U.
S. A., to be major general.
To be brigadier generals — Colonel J. H.
Smith, Seventeenth Infantry; Frederick
Funston, Kansas (brigadier general U. S.
V.); Colonel J. M. Bell, Eighth Cavalry,
and Colonel William H. Blsbee. Thir
teenth Infantry. . *
William P. "Williams, Assistant Treas
urer of the United State3 at Chicago
Jonathan Merriam. Pension Agent at Chi
cago; Henry Meldrtim, Surveyor General
of Oregon; Frank I*. Osborne. Assistant
Justice of the Court of Private Land
Claims; Angus Campbell, Consul at "War
saw, Russia. Registers of the Land Of
fice—P. M. Mullen, Rampart City, Alaska;
A. E. Hoyt, Sun Dance. "Wyo. Receivers
of Public Moneys— A. H. Swain, Visalia.
Cal.; M. C. Barrow, Douglas, "Wyo. Col
lectors of Customs— ■William Penn Nixon,
Chicago; S. A. Campbell, Humboldt. Cal.;
Patrick F. Garrett. Paso del Norte, Tex.
Joseph H. Spear, Surveyor of Customs,
San Francisco.
Members of the California Debris Com
mission—First Lieutenant R. P. Johnston
and lieutenant Colonel D. P. Heap, -corpa
of engineers.
Senate Committees Approved.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 18.— After the
transaction of routine business in the
Senate Platt of Connecticut offered a res
olution suspending the rule providing for
the appointment of members of the vari
ous Senate committees by ballot. The
resolution was adopted.
Platt then submitted another resolution
appointing formally the committees for
the Fifty-seventh Congress. The names
of the members of the committees already
have been published. It Was adopted.
A bill authorizing the construction of a
railroad bridge across the Arkansas Rivuj
near Fort Gibson, I. T., was passed. {^
A CHANCE TO SMILE
Judge— Tou say the defendant turned
and whistled to the dog. "What followed?
Intelligent "Witness— The dog, son— Tit-
Bits.
"Did Helena marry a high-minded man,
the way she always said she should?"
"Yes: she managed to catch an astron
omer."—Philadelphia Bulletin.
"Who was Omar Khayam?" asked one
young man.
"I don't know," answered the other,
"but I have a strong suspicion that he
was a wine agent." — Washington Star.
The Barber— Does this razor hurt your
face?
The Victim— Yes; » doesn't It hurt your
business?— Tonkers Statesman.
Jack (at the club window) — There goes
Jenkins with his auto, and I'll be blowed
if he hasn't a tiger up behind.
George — Tiger, nothing!- That's the re
pair man.— Brooklyn Life. <
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace Hotel.*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 60c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Two-pound harilscme fire-etched box of
California Glace Fruits, express charges
prepaid to Chicago, New York and East
ern points, $1 35. Time to send now. Thou
sands of packages ready. 639 Market st. •
About 30,000 geese are annually taken
from Russia to Saxony. A carload con
sists of 1700, and they have no food or
drink during the journey.
"The Overland Limited," via Union Paclflo
R. R., I* the only train making connection In
Chicago with the fast Excreta Trains leaving
Chicago tn the morclns for New York. By
this Rout* you can remain in San Francisco
until 10 a. m., reaching Chicago six hours
quicker than on any other Limited Train. This
train mna Every Day In the Year. r>. W.
Hitchcock. Gen. Act.. No. 1 Montgomery at-.
Gulllet's Christmas extra mince pies, lea
cream and cake. 905 Larkln st : phone East 138. *, . w^ w _ wvw^ DVER '"aEMENTS.
V»V«v W i>ft W , vvw>|V>ft> WVWWWIWIWHWWWW1WOW
\ — — —^—^^^^^»____^^_ • ' . *".
/ ■ I ■' , — " "V
COnrKIOHT «tO« SV T«« MOCTCR * GAMBLE CO. CtKCINI»AT^^^^ "^■^■^■^"^■"■■■^■"^i^^iMMAM^^
SOAP DIGNITY.
"^ easy to find a pure soap; it is easy
Wj§ to find a cheap one. The problem is
LS±Jt6 find both combined; a soap that is
pure yet inexpensive. Ivory Soap is the best
solution of that problem. It is an original
product, evolved after years of experiment and
research. It is the most of pure $oap for
the least money. It stands approved to-day
by a second generation of Ivory Soap users,
V
FOUR MASONIC LODGES INSTALL
NEW OFFICERS FOR CURRENT YEAR
Ceremonies Witnessed by Many Members-—Pres
entation of Jewels to Retiring Officers.
Installations in Masonic circles were
many last evening, four different lodges
placing their new officers in their several
stations. The officers of Oriental Lodge
No. 144. F. and A. M., were installed in
St. John's Hall in the Masonic Temple in
presence of members of the order only.
The new officers are:
William Oilchrist, worshipful master; Wil
liam Robert Lee Campbell, senior warden;
Henry Eduard Fennel 1, junior warden; George
Howard Thompson, P. M... treasurer; Adolphus
fck:nner Hubbard. secretary; Kev. Samuel
James L#e. chaplain: Richard Laurance Radke.
marshal; Richard Cornelius Jewell, senior dea
con; I^ouis Alberto -Gibbons, junior deacon;
Julius Philip Jaegeling and Henry Vrooman
Dubois. stewards, and Elmer Duncan Roach,
lyirr. •
Thc^e were installed by the retiring
matter. James Laurance Hawks, assisted
by George William Brooks, P. M., as mar
hfcal.
After the proclamation of installation
Colene! Preston, on behalf of the" lodge,'
presented to J. L. Hawks, the retiring
master, a magniiicent jewel, also a hall
clock, in token uf appreciation of his
services in the several stations he occu
pied in the lodce.
During the session Colonel Hubbard. the
secretary, read a very interesting report
of the work of the lodge during the year.
This shows that degrees were conferred
on seventy-two and that the present mem
bership is? 2il; also that the assets are
nearly $2!'.003.
After the lodge closed there was an ad
journment to the California Hotel, where
an excellent Fupper was served. The
r.cTiiy installed master presided and the
regular toasts were responded to by Col
onel PreFton. E. B. Church. T. J. Crowley.
Judce Davis of Honolulu, Colonel F. E.
Beck and Max Goldman.
During the supper the King Solomon
Quartet rendered several vocal selections
and Peter Sloar.e and David McLaughlin
entertained with specialties. There wer&
present at the banouet:
IT. H. K!Ms. Walter Ropl. James II. Wallace.
Nertnri Wells. C. Randall. II. M. Estes. W.
71 T. Huie. J. Kip, J. G. II?. H. W. Frank,
O. Elllnghous*. R. D Eranch. H. B. Keith.
H. ■:. Ma thews. "W. C. Campbell. II. J. Grauer
hols C. S. Crittcnd^n. G. \V. Brooks -T. Dan
iel*. r>. D. Khatturk, XV. T. Kibbler. II. Farn
hara. John F. B*«al. Oeorsre W. Hendry. C F.
V.*. E. Oonrvr. Henry J. Smith, Fer
dinand Westcahi. W. BL Randall. Georse B.
CrookF. 71. L. France, Frank J. Vein, A. C.
I'.oHernaM. C. Jort Jr., 'William M. Busco,
a. W. Jr>?=t. J. A. Lypvinrston. J. P. JaegelinR,
William F. Buhlinjrrr. R. L. Radke. K. C.
I-'.ndquist. H. G. Newhall. O. H. Boye, Robert
ADVERTISEMENTS.
o o
At Cut Rates.
We have a large as-
sortment for selection
A : bvzns from $1.50
Perlum: Atodizsrs Iroa 25c
Ladirs* Pocket Books froai 25c
Pcr'vracs in fancy bozci Ircm . . 25c
. M Celluloid Toilet Sets from. $2.09
y Ebony Toilet S:f. from $150
Ro£cr a Gallet's Pzrfumes froia . . 75c
• Collar aafi Cull Boxes from. , . .75c
Neckti: Boxes Iroin 75c
Optra CIzss-s «-nd Optical Goo is.
Eyes tested free by an Expert Optician.
a * o
eWorld Famous Mariani Tonic
The medical profession as well
as all who have used Vin Mariani
pronounce it unequaled.
All Druggists. Befus'e Substitutes.
Lewers, George P. Adams, F. A. Fletcher, C.
S. Winsor, Lyme H. Hunt, Frank II. Stewart,
T. C. Masteller. G. H. Mason. A. A. Batkln,
H. \V. .Smith. C. T. Wendell, E. O. McIIain.
W. M. Partridge, Henry Damkroeger. F. E.
Keck, James E. Gordon. K. B. Rail. I>.
W. Boyd, C. B. Sloan, Ed Gregory and George
H. Siebe.
Mount Moriah Lodge.
The following officers of Mount Moriah
Lodge, F. and A. M., were installed in the
Masonic Temple:
Alexander AVoodside, <■ worshipful master;
John F. Bchroth, senior warden; Fred L. Selbel,
junior warden; James McGuire, treasurer;
Theo. Frolich. secretary; William C. Hacke,
chaplain; Michael G. Ott, senior deacon;
Thomas C. Con my. junior deacon; William II.
Dolling, marshal; Herbert F. Ward and Jjhn
M. Dlxon, stewards; John D'Arcy. tyler; T. K.
Wittich, organist.
The installing officer was William C.
Hacke, retiring master,- who had for mar
shal of ceremonies John C. Klmball, P.
M. At the close of the ceremonies Henry
E. HIghton, for the lodge, presented to
the retiring piaster a magnificent jewel.
The installation was followed by a ban
quet in Commandery Hall, where Captain
Woodside, the new master, occupied the
seat of honor. The sneakers were H. E.
Highton. Gus Gunzendorfer, S. W. Holli
day. D. M. Richards. E. Maguire, Adolph
Kberhart and XV. E. Boye.
There were present at the banquet:
J. C.-KJmball, M. W. Davis. D. J. Edgar, IS
Freeman, \V. G. Doolittle. C. Riley, J. R. Mor
rison. T C. Conmy, J. F. Walters, John F.
Schroth. P. M. Richards. II. M. Unsworth.
John McCalian, W. H. Aaher. J. A. Kimball,
E. J. Wilson. T. Wagstaff. V.\ Grist, J. G.
Holmes. L. Tillman. Charles Gruver, Jnme3
H. Nelson. Edward Mason, J. . M. Dixon, J. J.
Sweeny, H. F. Ward, T. Ellif=on, XV. H. Dol
ling. B. Abrahamson, I*. Selbel. Arthur L,.
Jacobs. J. L. Homer, Albert Jacobs. Adolph
Eberhart, Samuel Irvine. Thomas Nixon, J. W.
C. Beanie, James Hunter, A. Vanenberg. II.
T. Richards. Cust£V HarFhall, Henry E. HiRli
ton, S. W. Gelman. E. XV. Davln. G. W. LIpp
man. John McAllister. C. B. Newman W. A.
T. Aj?ard. T. A. Pfcelps. J. C. Hughes, W. S
Kim, mil. A. W. Rcmison, Fred Seibel. B. H.
Huling-s, W. E. Bennett. Helnrich Moller.
Crockett Lodge.
There was a .very large number of the
members of the Masonic fraternity at the
installation of the officers of Crockett
Lodge. F. &. A. M. The officers for the
current year, who were installed by retir
ing Master Harry F. Chase, assisted by
Thomas Rowlands, P. M., as marshal, are:
Worshipful master, Edmund S. Clprlco; sen
ior Warden. Joshua B. Roberts; Junior warden,
Harry Newhoff; treasurer, Louis M. Thlerbach;
secretary, Henry Fortriede; marshal, Peter
Harder; s-er.ior deacon, George XV. Geauque;
junior deacon. Richard H. McPherson; steward,
Edward H. White; steward, John P. Court;
tyler, J. E. Hunt; organist, James R. Ogilvle.
Harry A. Chase, the retiring master,
was the recipient of an elegant jewel of
his rank in the fraternity, after which
there was a supper in the lower banquet
hall, where A. Wasernitz was the toast
master. Among those who were called
upon to respond to toasts were Henry E.
Kighton, Robert Ferral, E. Myron 'Wolf,
Charles Pierce and James A. Devoto. Dur
ing the supper Messrs; Ogilvie. Jones,
Fleming and Mayer rendered choice vocal
selections. At the festal board there were
seated:
Clau-x Flathmann, Thomas Rowland, J.
Caley, E. Hartman, It. Mehrtens, Charles Cel
larliis. L. E, Olscn, Charles Meyer, J. H. W.
Fiathmann. A. Palmer, D, Hushes, C. Hilder
brandt. N. Falkenberg, C. F. Kneer. George E.
Schulz, O. L. Page, E. BenelH. TV. Joluk.
James W. Brophy. H. Dierks. J. F. Preler,
Charl^ Phipps. C. F. Thierbach. James A.
Connelly. John Retey, Adolph Huber, J. A.
Welle, F. Hartmeyer, John ii. Pein, Charles
Schiuf=fnj?er, A. Handman. G. Peterson. Wil
liam Kahn. A. Blumonthal, G. J. C. Unger
mann. R. G. Boslon. R. H. McPhcrson, John
D. Feldermann, H. JIuller. H. I. Voss, . R. B.
Yountr. O. A. Junsrblut. F. P. Plagermann.
John C. Miller, R. F. Wehr, George C. Campo,
XV. F. Roeder. S. H..Hook. H. Huber, L. C.
Stephen. R. XV. Dennis. T. B. Parker, S. O.
Leith. XV. von der Leith, L. Ramon!, Fred
Fabor. Ed G. Brujrge, Ernest A. Mohr, George
R. Conroy. J. J. T. Soomann, T. Frey, H. J.
L-los'd. R. T. Baker. Charles O. Johnson C
Strom, D. G. Hughes : John H. C.
Laumax, J. Fleming, J. R. Jones, John Scott,
J. P. Klncald, George A. Riley, Charles Traut
ncr. Thomas McCullough. Thomas A. McDon
ald. L.. E. Stanton. F W. .Fenwlnkle. W. W
Hobart. L. J. Borck, Phil T. MoBer. F. Cavag
naro, W. II. Waaeemltz, E. F. Fluetrel F T
Hamilton. W. A. Jones, David Laaalle, W. M.
Pearse, R. C. Emery, George Lippman. A, R.
Morrow. Percy Furgepon, A. sj. Hatfield A.
P. Swanser. W. C. Frahm, Alf J. Isaacs,
H. L. Swanger, Charles A. Partridge, A. L
Fuller. J. D. Hutton, Daniel Frarer H
Schwarz, G. E. Holipeler, A.. W. Turpln L,
Levy, F. A. Tibbits, W. T. Perkins, S.' D.
Mayer, George P. Tillman. D. R, Sewell- J
P.* Shaw. C. A. Moller, XV. J. Hamilton, T.
B. Robinson, C. XV. Hunt. A. W. Baum, Rob
<rt Ferral, E. Myron Wolf and H." E. Hich
ton. - -, s *
Mission Lodge.
More than 200 Masons witnessed the In
stallation of the new officers of Mission
Masonic Lodge, in the Masonic Hall in the
Mission. C. F- LIbby, the retiring master,
assisted by C. A. Day. P, M., as marshal
Installed the following named:
W. C. Ordway, worrhlpful master; E.~ W.
Tucker, senior warden; Richard Allen Jr., jun
ior warden; It. E. Allen, secretary; James
Keystane. treasurer; G<»ciife W. Lunt, senior
deacon; John Thompson, junior deacon; Charles
Janes, marshal; Edward Croes and G. A.
Bishop, stewards, and James E. Parmalee,
tyler. ,/■ r
For the first time there was displayed in
the beautiful lodge room a large "G" in
square and compass In electric lights. After
the installation there was an adjournment
to the banquet hall, where there were
covers for 225, and every seat was occupied.
Tne regular toasts were responded to by
XV. H. Jordan, Past Master C. A. Day and
H. C. Bunker. There v/as music by the
Mission Lodge quartet and a vocal solo by
C. E. Boysen. The retiring master was
E resented a fine jewel by E. Rodecker on
ehalf of the lodee.'
THE SAN TRANCISOO CALL, THURSDAY, DEO BRIBER ID; .1001.
"ROYAL ROGUE'S"
CLOSING WEEK
Jefferson DeAngelis Still
Drawing Large
Audiences.
Orpheum Road Show Com
ing—" Charley's Aunt "
Next at Alcazar.
It does not lo^ok at all like the worst
seven days of the theatrical year up at
the Central Theater this week, with "Mul
doon's Picnic" as the magnet. The house
Is crowded nightly, and the classic Mul
doon seems to be just the kind of picnic
that the audience wants up there. The
farce is funny enough in itself for those
who like that kind of thing, and is par
ticularly well put on at he Central, but
there is an unearned increment of fun
coming to it from the 'cast, the comical
contrast between their usual melodra
matic stunts and the glad horse-play of
"Muldoon's Picnic. 1 ' Incidentally, it is a
pretty good stock company that can turn
that kind of a somersault with the success
of the Central company with "Muldoon."
but they do both things equally well, and
it's greatly to their credit.
It is quite worth the price to see An
nette Marshall, the tragic Herodlas of. "A
Voice in the Wilderness," pea-shooting
and doing cakewalks as Hannah Muldoon.
with innocent flaxen curls tied up with
baby blue ribbon around her rosy cheeks,
an infantile frock and sash, and ankle
strap slippers on her nimble feet. Her
Cakewalk is just as good as her usual
tragic stunt, and she seems to «njoy every
minute of it. Hallett Thompson, the dude
leading man, comes in wearing a suit
that defies description at shooting dis
tances and has a sixteen-ounce-to-the
pound "Chimmie Fadden" accent, as Tim
McCormick. Stanley Ross, the silk-hat
ted villain of other days, is a double-dyed
Salvationist with conviction. Harry Con-
Ion and James Corrigan are in their "ili
ment" as Muldoon and Mulcahey, and
Ernest Howell and Edwin Emery both
add to the general hilarity. Rosa Ben
nett is an unembarrassed miss of 10—per
haps—who is real sweet as Jennie and
sings and dances well. Georgie Cooper,
who has a pretty specialty, with assist
ance from two of the tiniest coons that
ever trod a stage, is a sprightly Ma&gie,
and Gertrude Claire and Margaret Mar
shall both fit into their parts. Altogether
"Muldoon's Picnic" is worth seeing.
"The Silver King" Is the holiday biil
Jefferson de Angelis, in his amusing
production "A Royal Rogue," is still at
tracting profitable audiences at the Co
lumbia Theater. De Angelis remains at
the theater up to and including Sunday
evening next, when he will give place to
the charming actress. Miss Mary Man
nering, in "Janice Meredith." Miss Man
nering is already, a strong favorite here,
and since her last appearance is eaid lo
have strengthened considerably in her
art. She is one of the prettiest women
on the American stage, as well as being
one of the cleverest, and her engagement
should be one of the successes of the win
ter season. In Miss Mannering's support
ing company are to be found among other
well-known names those of Charles Cher
ry and H. S. Northrup, both favorites of
the theater-going public here.
The Tivoll's holiday attraction, "Little
Red Riding Hood," is finding many new
admirers nightly, and deserves every one
of them. It is the best Christmas produc
tion that the Tivoli has yet put on, and
will doubtless serve to fill the house for
many weeks yet. Hartman has a good
role as Simple Simon, Annie Myers has!
a soubrette role that fits her neatly as
Boy Blue, Webb is excellently piaced
as the wicked baron, and Harry Oashman
is sufficient as Granny Hood and Miss
Chapman as Red Riding Hood. There are
new songs, new ballets, new Jokes, and a
gorgeous transformation scene, to com
plete the attractive bill.
"Rip Van Winkle," the current bill at
the California Theater, is pleasing the
patrons of the popular house. Thomas
Jefferson's interpretation of the title role
has aroused a considerable interest and
has charm, loveableness, and some power.
The holiday attraction will be the fa
mous spectacular comedy "The Devil's
Auction," one of the Charles Yale me
chanical and electrical wonders. It is a
production that is particularly suited to
the children's tastes, and two matinees
will be given during the week, on Christ
mas day and Saturday afternoon as
usual.
' • • * *
"The Gay Mr. Lightfoot" is the current
bill at the Alcazar, and is being much
enjoyed by the patrons of the house.
Frank Bacon is well cast in the title
role. M. L.. Alsop as Mr. Jerome and
Marion Convere, Marie Howe and Mar
garet Wycherley all find opportunity for
their varying talent in the piece. "Char
ley's Aunt" will follow-.
Mr. and Mrs. Gardner Crane in their
legitimate comedietta. "A Happy Pair,"
are scoring a great hit at the Orpheum
this week in company with Sherrie Mat
thews, Norma Whalley, Sam Marion and
William McCart in "A Lawless Lawyer,"
and P"lo Irwin and Walter Hawley in
"Caught With the Goods." The JDumond
Parisian Minstrels, Rose and Jeannette,
the dainty juvenile dancers; Mr. and Mrs.
Deaves and their "Merry Manikins," and
the Norwood brothers, with the Blograph,
complete an excellent programme. All of
the above turns will be seen for the last
time Saturday night as on Sunday come3
direct from Indianapolis the famous Or
pheum Road Show. Among the enter
tainers are Mclntyre and Heath, the
great black face comedians; Joe Welch,
Hebrew impersonator; W. C. Fields, ec
centric juggler; the Union Ga'tling
Guards, in a realistic battle scene; Tho
Serenaders, an operatic novelty; Eliza
beth Murray, the noted singer and story
teller; the Agios Trio of equilibrists, and
Macomber and Engleton, travestists.
Mme. Charity Martin, prima donna so
prano, and Signor G. S. Wanrell, basso
cantante, in solos and duets, are great
cards at Fischer's Concert House thu
week. Others on an Interesting pro
gramme are the Paloma Ladies' Quar
tet, Stanley and Walton in "Mrs
O'Grady's Wash Day," the Mullaly sis
ters, singers and dancers; Deming and
Carroll, sketch artists, and Ivan Trepoka
Russian novelty dancer*
The "amateurs" in an amusing enter
tainment, will be the extra feature of the
Chutes and Zoo bill to-night.
Hugo Mansfeldt, the pianist, who ha3
recently returned from his European tour,
will be heard In recital this evening at
Sherman & Clay Hall. A programme
containing several numbers from the
most worthy piano literature will be
given.
AD VEKTISEMENTS.
This wonderful medicine has
never been equaled as a stomach
strengthener ?.nl health builder.
It is the only one to take when
your system is weak and run down
and you suffer from dyspepsia,
indigestion, c nstipation, flat-
ulency, sour s omacn or head-
ache. Try it. AX. will surely dj
you good. Bs sure to get the
genuine with our Private Die
Stamp over the netk of the bot-
t e, als) obtain a copy of Hostet-
tet's Almanac tor .1932 from your
druggist, i reel >
BAZAAR AT SOUTH PARK SETTLEMENT
AIDS FUND FOR A WORTHY CHARITY
Under Management of Mrs. Milton S. Latham and
Mrs. W. B. Collier Sale During the Day and the
Entertainment in the Evening Are Very Successful
HE Charity Bazaar at South Park
I Settlement yesterday afternoon
I was well attended.' The sale was
JJL for the benefit of the "Moth-
. ers 1 Meeting" Cathedral Mis
sion and under the management of Mrs.
Milton S. Latham, wife of ex-Governor
Latham and Mrs. W. B. Collier, 2509 Pa
cific avenue. These' ladles have had di
rect supervision for some time of the
weekly mothers' meetings and have been
teaching the women to sew while nurses
cared for their children. To-day the
bazaar was. largely attended by these
women and many residents in the vicinity
of South Park. Many dolls and Christ
mas toys were offered for sale, as well
as articles of clothing. There was a
millinery department, presided over by
Mrs. Joseph Coryell. Mrs. Cpryell is very
artistic and trimmed many of tho new
hats herself. Her striking beauty and
charm of manner attracted many people
toward her table and rendered this part
of the bazaar most profitable. Miss Sara
Collier, the beautiful daughter of Mrs.
"W. B. Collier, sold many articles of dress
to the shoppers and did much to make the
affair a success.
In the evening an entertainment was
given with an admission fee of 50 cents.
An interesting programme was furnished,
including songs by Mr. Reginald Norrls
and Mrs. Richard Bayne. Borne of Miss
Miller's pupils gave some fancy steps
and the sextet was very much enjoyed.
The proceeds- will be divided between
the "Mothers'" and a Boys" club, for
which Mrs. Collier has long been work-
Ing. Mrs. Latham and Mrs. Collier served
refreshments. . •
Mrs. James A. Black left yesterday
for the East, where she will remain sev
eral weeks. Miss Edith Huntlngton did
not accompany Mrs. Black as she had
first Intended, having decided to wait un
til after her social debut on January 24,
Mrs. W, ■ V. Huntington will give a bail
on that date in Cotillon Hall to introduce
her daughter to society. Miss Edith will
make a charming debutante.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin's luncheon yester
day at her Broadway home was a suc
cess in every detail. Everything was per
fectly appointed. The table was. elabor
ately decorated with the rarest red roses.
Mrs. Martin's guests were Mrs. A. S.
Tubbs. Mr.o. O. P. Evans, Mrs. William
H. Mills, Mrs. Arthur William Foster,
Mrs. J. W. McClung, Mrs. A. H. Voorhies,
Mrs. Chamberlain, Mrs. Henley, Mrs.
Zelia Nuttall.Mrs. Monroe Salisbury, Mra.
Howard, Mrs. Richard Ivera, Mrs. Walter
S. Martin, Miss Jennie Blair and Miss
Spreckels.
Mrs. Edward Eyre gave a pretty
luncheon yesterday at her home in honor
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A FEW REASONS
Which Are Rapidly Making a New
Catarrh Curs Famous."
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, the new Ca-
tarrh cure, has the following advantages
over other catarrh remedies: ;
First: Theee tablets contain no' co-
calne, morphine or any other injurious
drug and are as safe and beneficial for
children as for adults; this Is an Import-
ant point when It Is recalled that many
catarrh remedies do . contain these very
objectionable Ingredients.
Next: Being in tablet form this rem-
edy does not deteriorate with age or an
exposure to the air, as liquid preparations
Invariably do.
Next: The tablet form not only pre-
serves the medicinal properties, but It is
so far more convenient to carry and to
use at any time that it is only a question
of time when the tablet will entirely su-
persede liquid medicines as It has al-
ready done in the medical department of
the United States army.
Next: No secret is made of the compo-
sition of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets- they
contain the activer principles of Eucalyp-
tus bark, red gum, blood root and Hy-
drastin, all narmles3 antiseptics, which
however, arc death to catarrhal germs
wherever found, because they eliminate
them from the. blood.
Next: You can not cure catarrh by lo-
cal applications to the nose and throat,
because these are simply local symptoms
and, such treatment can not possibly
'reach the real,, peat of catarrhal -disease
which is In the blood; for this reason, in-
halers, douches, sprays and powders nev-
er really cure catarrh, but simply give
temporary relief. Which a dose of plain
salt and water will do just- as well
Catarrh must be driven out of the sys-
tem, out of ' the blood, by an internal
remedy because an internal remedy Is the
only kind which can be assimilated Into
the blood. "
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets do this better
. than the old form of treatment because
they, contain every safe specific known to
modern science in the antiseptic form of
the disease. v
Next: The use of Inhalers, and spray-
ing apparatuses, besides being ineffective
and disappointing, is expensive, while a
complete treatment of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets can be: had at any.' drug -store in
the United States and Canada for JO
cents. \ ■.-•■,
CHARMING YOUNG LADY WHO
WILL SOON MAKE HER DE
BUT.
of Mrs. Page and Miss Kuby Page of Val
paraiso. The affair was most delightful
and introduced Miss Ruby Page to Miss
Eyre's friends. A number of functions
are being arranged in honor of Mlsa
Page.
» • ♦
.The young ladies of Sacred Heart Pre
sentation Convent, corner of El;is and
Taylor streets, have arranged a very in
teresting musical and literary entertain
ment for the Christmas festival to-be
? 1( ? o rt n l ]\ e <;°. nven t hall this afternoon
at 1:30. All friends are cordially invited
to attend.
t-^wM r l?i irew Home for the Aged find
Disabled, 507. Lombard street, a pleaaant
afternoon was spent yesterday, Mra. G
Foorman, assisted by some fricnds.served
luncheon to tho old people.
A pleasant reception was given vester
day afternoon to a number of ladies and
gentlemen from the Old People's Home
?/ Mr iv L H - Tharp.of 16C0 Lyon street.
Mrs. Tharp was assisted by Miss Tharp,
Miss R. E. Weston and Mrs. S. Morgan
Vocal and instrumental music, recitations
and refreshments, nclded to the welcome
of the hostess and her friends, gave a
bright afternoon to tho guests in the sun
set of life.
DEPARTMENT ORDER
. IS MATTER OF COMMENT
Judge Advocate Embrick Says Cen
sure Wrs Not Aimed at tha
Artillery Court.
Colonel Rawles' severe censure of the
Presidio •court-martial, which made so
many serious errors in f t he trial of Pri
.vate Samuel II. Evans, Troop G, Sixth
Cavalry, on a charge of desertion, was a
matter of much comment In military cir
cles yesterday. The order, although In
the nature of a reprimand, does not mean
that the members of the court will be in
any way punished. •
First Lieutenant Stanley D. Embrick
judge advocate of the court-martial now
in session,, states -thaf the censure was
directed toward another court which has
recently been dissolved. His court which
consists of Lieutenant Colonel Grimes
Major C. W. Uobbs, Captain^ J, V
White, C. A. Bennett; J. L. Hayden and
L. S. Miller, Lieutenants O. T. Perkins
J. 13. Murphy, W. R. Bettlson and J. L.'
Long, all of the Artillery Corps, is not
he says. In any way responsible for the
perversion of justice. ,•
News in Army Circles.
The enlisted men who arrived on tho
Hancock and Sheridan have finally been
paid and given their liberty either to.re
turn to their homes or re*enlist. Lieu
tenants W. P. Screws of the Nineteenth
Infantry, J. R. -Moxley, J. L. Finlaysbn
and J. B. Hut,chinson of the Philippine
scouts have arrived in the city from East
ern stations and are placed on duty at
the Presidio. Captain E. H. Plummer,
who has been stationed at Angel Island
for some time past, has been Ordered to
Manila. ■ • ,
Federal Eight-Hour : Law.
Deputy State Labor Commissioner E.
L. Requlnte preparing n suit to be filed
in the United States Circuit Court against
the Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific Company
and the Pacific Bridge, Company, charg
ing those corporations with 'having vio
lated the Federal eight-hour law in work
ing their employes' more than that num
ber of hours in the construction of the
tidal canal in Alameda.
PETITIONS. IN 'INSOLVENCY.— Petitions In
insolvency were filed yenterdny In the United
States District Court as '.follows: Fred H.
Chase> doing. business as Fred H. Chasfe & Co.
live stock. and general auctioneers, San Fi*an
ciSdo, liabilities $0107 i>'\ assets $078; Theodore
H. Scholer, baker anil confectioner, Pacific
Grove, Monterey County, liabilities $4t(8 U2,
no • assets; : : Edward •. Barry, dairyman, : San
Francisco. 1 liabilities S2CC7. no assets.
FORESTERS WIN
IMPORTANT SUIT
Judge Seawell Renders
an Opinion of Great
Interest.
Decision Covers Troublesome
Question Concerning
Delinquencies.
Judge Beawell yesterday denied a mo
tion (or a new trial of the suit Insti
tuted by Mrs. Sophia Luhrs against Court
Star of tho Mission of the Ancient Order
of Foresters for $75, which the by-laws
of the Court provides should be paid to
the widow of a "financial" member at tho
time of his death.
Mrs. Luhrs Is the widow of F. Luhrs,
who died In March, 1S99. The Foresters
refused to pay her on the ground that
Luhrs at the time of his death owed
thirteen weeks* dues, and in consequence
was not a "financial" member. Mrs. Luhrs
accordingly entered suit In the Jus
tice's court for the amount, but lost her
case. An appeal was taken and Judgo
Seawell In denying the motion for a new
trial sustained the decision of the lower
court.
■ The motion for a new trial was based
on the ground that "F. Luhrs died after
the meeting night of the month subse
quent to which month the forfeiture of
benefits was to attach under defendant's
by-laws," and that "the evidence was in
sufficient to justify 'the finding that the
decedent did not pay the arrears of his
said monthly contributions, amounting to
thirteen weeks." A new trial was also
asked for on the ground that Luhrs was
not notified of his suspension for non
payment of dues.
. Judge Seawell holds that "the loss of
the rights to benefits is not dependent up
on the suspension of a member but upon
his delinquency In the payment of dues,"
and that "a member is suspended wheth
er he have notice or not."
The decision of Judge Seawell also cov
ers the much-mooted question of the time
When dues for a month become delin
quent. Judge Seaweil held "that the
word 'owing' may be properly used to
indicate a present obligation which Is
payable in the future, and that "the
dues for March are 'owing' on the first
meeting night In March but are payable
on any meeting night In that month."
Judge Seawell also held that the mere
owing of three months' duea is enough to
deprive a member of benefits and that
the by-laws were not intended to require
that he should owe "more" than three
months dues.
, Judge Sea-well's opinion sustains the ac
tion taken by the Subsidiary High Court
of Foresters in similar cases.
EIGHTEEN MEMBERS
FOB NEW GRAND JTTRY
Inquisitorial Body Will Be Completed
From a Special Venire Return
able Next Monday.
Eighteen members of the new Grand
Jury were selected from a venire of
thirty by Judge Dunne yesterday. They
are as follows:
V. B. Faktor, 123t McAllister street; Solo
mon Cohen, "t!22 California street; Frederick
Boeckmann, :S1G Front street; E. P. Farns
worth. :i'.)19 Washington street; Thomas P.
Woodwofth. 12 gutter street; Louis Rosenthal,
301 California street; E. L. Wagner, 1015 Green
street; E. P. Roche, 1211'i Mission atrcei;
Charles Sonntag, 114 Market street; Michael J.
Vaughan, 3042 Twenty-third str^t; C. G.
Clinch, 0 Front street; William B. Sanbom 571
Ellis street; Frank G. O'Kane, 20 Golden Gate
avenue: Edward Cullln, 31 Market stree:; John
G. Barker. Colonial Hotel; I. Zellerbach, 1050
Feli street: J. C. Wilson, 000 Battery street; B.
H. Lichtenatlne. 12CS Geary street.
The nineteenth member of the Jury will
be selected from the following venire
Monday next:
James A. CoCe, 1705 Oak street: Charles
Caro. 3 Battery street; I. W. Hellman Jr.,
Union Trust Umpany; William Lewis. 24 Cali
fornia street; Spencer C. Buckbee, 35O1 Clsy
street; Edward B. Cutter, 2S10 Washington
street; A. J. Carmany, 2325 Bush street; How
ard G. Thompson, 1)52 Bush street: Itrnata
Stelnhart, 910 Sutter street; Charles M. Phim,
1301 Market street.-
ROBERTSON APPOINTED
CHIEF FOOD INSPECTOR
Health Board Suspends Daputy J. W.
Tracey for Filing False Reports
of Inspections.
The Board of Health met yesterday and
appointed William R. Robertson to the
of Chief Food Inspector, he be
ing first on the civil service eligible list.
The appointment takes effect on January
1, 1902. J. A. Brown, w*io now holds the
position, was too far down on the list to
be certified. J. T. Silvera will succeed
Hobertson as Assistant Food Inspector.
The board tiled charges with the Civil
Service Commission against Assistant
Food Inspector J. W. Tracey and sus
pended him for thirty days, pending in
vestigation. Health Officer O'Brien pre
sented n report from Chief Food Inspec
tor Brown, showing that Tracey had re
ported fourteen Inspections he had never
made. Dr. O'Brien recommended Tracey'a
dismissal, but the board suspended him
instead.
The board adopted Dr. McCarthy's res
olution providing for the removal of teut
three assistant emergency surgeons each
year instead of the entire force, as was
the rule formerly. The places will be
tilled by the chief surgeon, who was In
structed to report on the competency of
subordinates in the hospitals.
Clocks and Candlesticks.
We have the best line of superior Gold
Plated Clocks, Candelabra, Candle Sticks,
Candle Vasea, Ornaments, etc., to be seen
in this city. The public Is cordially in
vlted to Inspect this department. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Eight Chinese Excluded.
Tho Russian bark Behring arrived from
KamschatUa a few days ago with eight
Chinese laborers on board, and they have
not been allowed to land, Customs Collec
tor Stratton having so ordered. Ten Chi
nese laborers were shipped at this port
on board the Behring about a year ago
by a Chinese contractor, and no provision
Was made for their return In conformity
with the exclusion act. They lived for
six months in Russian terrlt6ry, and
eight of them have asked the privilege of
returning. The Collector says that he
cannot admit them and that they must
be taken back to Siberia.
The National Game.
Skinner Co., 416 Market St., outfits base
ball players. Complete assortment of nil
makers. . ♦
Captain Corkhill Heavily Fined.
A fine of $400 has been imposed by Cus
toms Collector Stratton upon Captain
Corkhill for violating the coastwise- nav
igating laws In having carried from San
Diego to San Francisco two passengers
In a British ship. One of the passen
gers was the captain's fiancee and the
other was her duughtcr.
They came to this city as guests of>the
captain to make preparations for the
wedding, but the law makes no excep
tions among passengers. The Secretary
of the Treasury will bo appealed to for
clemency in the matter.
Great reduction in price on Holiday Liquors
at HorwlU & Cohn's. 171C Market, phor.e South
CS4. Straight whiskies, $2, $2 50, *J jrat. Port,
ilierrles, 75c. $1. $1 S3 sal. Purity miarante«d. •
Lottery Dens Demolished.
Policeman- Tillman of the Chinatown
squad, armed with a Sledge, demolished a
number of lottery dens In Chinatown yes
terday, as it Is believed they harbor the
paid assassins who have been on the. war
path recently. The work will be carried
on till not a den la left in the district.
; Copies of the great Christmas.edi
tion can be obtained from nil agents,
newsdealers, newsboys and at. tfia
Business OiHce of this paper. 3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I 26-28-30 O'FARRELL ST. g
I The Ideal Gift is
I Undoubtedly I
I A GOOD
Eg and it doesn't cost much if you H
pi take advantage of Kohler & E]
Eg Chase's Xmas cut. Kohler & , m
m Chase carry all grades, from tha Eg
Ri finest art production of KTTABE to m
En the lowest priced good instrument, , 13
§□ and we guarantee a beautiful new I
m piano at$lJ>5. It can't be fully de- I j
M scribed here. Call and SEE them. Bj
JS (A very few left.) frj
K] If a piano Isn't needed, then a M
M Pianola is almost sure to be. The rj
| PIANOLA
g DOES NOT PLAY the piano like. {§
K other piano playing devices, but la cj
g an instrument by means of which H
k the performer himself plays the |a
I piano. FABEHEWSKI USES A H
| PIANOLA both In his Paris and W
R Swiss homes, and takes one on hist
t concert tours. SAUER, KOSEN- S
I THAI. HOFFMANN and all ;
B masters of the pianoforte USE
t them. That in itself proves the
I PIANOLA'S SUPERIORITY. -
b When you call to hear the Pianola
I ASK WHY artists indorse it ex- ?
1 clusively.
I A CRITERION !
I music box is less expensive than I
H a Pianola, yet It very nearly ap- j
R proaches the Ideal Christmas pres- I-
H ent. The Criterion is different and K
|< better than. your idea of a music p
E box, both In tone and beauty, g
I When in our store inquire about *
I them. Price 813.75 up J
I guitars" I
MANDOLINS
I BANJOS 1
E In these Instruments especially p
g there is no house on the coast j*
K which can compete with us, either fc
e in name, quality, variety to select fc
m from, or price. We are wholesale g
F. distributors for California of the P
g world-famous I
I Washburn i
E which ranges in price from §j
B JP1J5.OO up. and also for the just- g
n ly celebrated i
I Chase I
M ranging from SI— .<>O. Besides L
El these we carry an immense line of K
El lower priced yet reliable, guaran- S
m teed instruments, from which you v
| can select a handsome, inexpensive K
| TALKING^ I
| MACHINES |
I are great mlrthmakers at Christ- f-]
'i mas time. Kohler & Chase are the M
| LARGEST WHOLESALERS of M
» talking machines on the coast. You W
! have your choice of the best cylin- 83
! der or flat disk machines. Sole m)
, agents for the best OTI>E- C'l
STRUCTIBLE RECORDS FOK M
iALL TALKING MACHINES l\
(Including the famous Lambert fe'j
records). Eg
A fine machine $10.00 |q
VIOLINS I
<a make Christmas gifts which grow H
? better each successive year, pro- f-j
S vided they are good instruments at ja
I the start. Violins from $1.00- m
\ Special violin outfits, including 1 a Ej
( violin, bow, case, resin and extra |i
53 set strings, from S3.23 VX
I The • old violin department . of m\
Kohler & Chase Is famous tho Pi
world over. There is exhibited tha El
largest collection of valuable vio- M
lins in the United States. The pres- W
ent gem of tho collection la the H
famous 2 j
Antonio [j
Stradivarius |
'Cello j]
of the year 1712, valued at $5000.00, |j
on exhibition daily. You are invited I
to see it. I j
J Other Snggestioas p
MUSIC RACKS, (great variety). ||
I from GOc H
MUSIC ROBL.S (formerly J2.C0) II
vi6LiN'"CASEa,""p'a'pie*f" mache* 11
wood and leather, all prices. N
CORNETS, all the best makes, 11
from SS.SO I
VIOLIN BOWS, a specialty with fc
us, from .:..'. TJ»C I!
And immense lines of brass in- i-|
struments, zithers, flutes, drums, IJ
batons, accordions, harmonicas, H
metronomes, ocarinas etc. D
g ALL GOODS GUARANTEED. B
|S Be sure to ask for a j'j
I Christmas 1
Souvenir I
free to holiday visitors. If not llv- B
ing in the city write what you want 1
and you will receive the souvenir I
free with the special catalogue. J.
It is worth while remembering tha E
number, 28 O'Farrell street. f
I OPEN EVENINGS. l\
i KNAB3 AGENCY. B
j. Headquarters: U
I 26-28-30 O'FARRELLST.
I . SAN FRANCISCO. |
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Nezv York stocks show a slight advance.
Silver higher. Sight drafts on London a fraction off.
JVhcat and Barley dull and not materially changed.
Oats, Corn and Rye as prcz-iously quoted.
• Bran and Middlings marked up. Hay unchanged.
Beans and Seeds about as before.
Butter and Eggs steady and Cheese easy.
Provisions lower at Chicago and quiet here.
Prunes and Raisins continue in lively demand and firm.
Another advance in Hogs. Beef and Mutton firm.
Potatoes firm and Onions easy. Squash gluts the market.
Poultry and Game about as before.
Three cars of Oranges offered at auction.
Nothing new in local stocks and bonds. -'^-'
Conditions in Wall Street.
The New York circular of Henry Clews eays:
"Liquidation has been quite extensive during
the past week, due chiefly to two causes, firmer
money and the collapse In copper securities.
The decline in the latter, of course, forced the
celling of good stocks to protect accounts; hence
the weakness of the better class of securities.
There was less resistance to declines than wit
ji<*sse<2 during the summer months, though
vhether this was due to free selling or willing
ness of the market leaders to permit a moder
e'e degree ot liquidation is a matter of doubt.
U'here is no question, however, that the future
of the market will be benefited by the pres
ent reaction. An advance could not be con
riucted without a fresh start, and a fresh start
■was impossible except at a lower level and with
new blood. There is plenty of money seeking
Investment, but not at top prices; those who
have large sums to Invest and whose opera
tions must be depended upon for a successful
bull movement are not likely to buy at the end
of a rise. If. therefore, the powers who control
the market and who are vitally interested In
higher rrices have now willingly permitted the
nisrket to respond naturally to actual condi
tions, and this seems to be so, they have acted
visely. It was the interference with the
natural swinu of the markets at the time of
th.- United States steel strike, the corn crop
damage, the death of president McKinley and
other untoward events that brought the stock
trarket into the condition of deadlock which
It has endured for the past two months. Had a
recession of 8 to 10 points been permitted be
tween July and October we might now have
l«?en on the eve of a legitimate bull campaign;
instead, the market teems to be now tardily
responding to drawbacks which cannot be. ig
nored. The only thing that will adjust the
•noney situation with the banks in connection
with their reberves Is liquidation in the stock
market, as through that process only at this
time can the bank reserves be maintained. . It
Is this feature of the situation that threatens
lower prices for stocks before we get out of
the present rut of money stringency. The re-
oeding prices in the stock market of late should
not have taken any sagacious person by sur
prise, as they were Inevitable. Artificial
methods in keeping up prices beyond what
conditions warrant cannot be continued indefi
nitely. Wall street ought to have had three
big surges In prices at least during the last
«=rveral months, but artificial methods In bridg
ing over prevented such natural setbacks. The
i-teel strik* was sufficient Incentive for a good-
Fizpd break: the corn crop damage was another,
and the assassination of President McKinley
was a third. The effect of these three import
cnt factors upon the market was -scarcely per
ceptible owing to the herculean efforts which
xiere trade to prevent a semi-panic in each in
stance."
Weather Report.
O20th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. IS— 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
fate, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall In last twenty-r-ir hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. SeaFon. Season.
rureka 00 10.01 IS. 90
Red Bluff 00 B.Cfl 8.50
Sacramento 00 T..HS 7. 54
Ban Francisco 00 5. SO 7.00
Fresno 00 2.17 5.42
Independence 00 1.34 2.31
San Luis Oblspo 00 4.56 10.20
Los Anseles 00 2.46 C.70
San Diego 00 -77 1.73
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
03: minimum, 47; mean. 54.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 16-12: Cincinnati, 1C-4; Washington,
nO-lS: Jacksonville. 4C-2C; Kansas City. 10-2:
New York. 24-18: Omaha, 2 to — 6; Duluth.
O to —14: Salt Lake City. 36-20: Chicago. 10
to —2: St. Louis. 16-0; Philadelphia. 26-18.
THE COAST RECORD.
►» t* v rj to *j
• STATION. | 33 3|== £ o %
I : = : 3 j 3 f "* £
j THE COAST RECORD.
Baker 30.46 46 12 S Clear ,00
Astoria 30.40 42 34 NE Clear .00
Carson SO. 42 50 14 E Clear .00
Eureka 30.20 SO 40 N Clear .00
Fresno 30.18 O0 30 W Clear .00
Flagstaff 30. SO C4 18 NW Clear .00
Pocatello, Ida.30.34 44 30 W Clear .00
Independence.. 30. 18 CO 34 S Clear 00
Los Angeles.. .30. 00 SO 52 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 30.06 70 34 N Clear 00
Portland 30.44 36 32 NW Foggy 00
Ked Bluff 30.16 64 32 SE Clear 00
Roseburg 30.38 32 28 SE Foggy .00
Pacramento..;30.18 54 28 SE Clear .00
Fait Lake 30.42 3S 20 SE Clear .00
Kan Francigco.30.16 <!2 46 N Clear .00
f=. L. Obispo...30.04 SO 30 N Clear .00
fian Diego 30.02 74 40 S Clear 00
Seattle 30.48 46 30 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane 30.56 30 2G N Cloudy 00
Walla Walla.. 30. 56 28 26 SW Cloudy .'*)
Winnemucca..30.50 46 12 NE Clear 00
Yuma.. 30.04 74 34 N Clear .00
Tempera ture-^7 a. m.. 49.
V.'EATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. .
The pressure has fallen slowly along the
coaFt of California and has risen rapidly over
Washington. The temperature remains about
the same, except at San Diego, where there
has been a fall of 10 degrees. Maximum tem
peratures exceeding 80 degrees are reported at
San Luis Obispo and Los Angeles. - ■
Foggy weather prevails at several of the
northern stations and also at Point Reyes.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 19, 1901:
Northern California—Fair Thursday; fresh
easterly winds, with fog along the coast and
In the valleys.
Southern California— Fair Thursday, becom
ing cloudy at night; fresh easterly winds,
changing to southerly. ? -. ■«
Ne\-aoa— Fair Thursday ; light easterly winds.
. 6 5 n ,. F I an i :i " C0 and vicinity— Fair Thursday,
with light fog in the morning; light northerly
winds, changing to easterly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
' : Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 18.— The principal effort
of. the operators in stocks to-day continued to
be to solve the enigma of the copper question.
The watic fluctuations of Amalgamated Cop
per reflected the uncertainty of mind of the
professional operators In this stock, who largely
monopolised the dealings. Traders of the class
■w^io usually depend upon the toss of a coin
or upon the aggressive ■ leadership of larger
operators for actuating motive talked glibly of
technical conditions in the copper trade Of
actual developments the additional cut in the
prices of copper was the feature of the day
• The weakness yesterday In Amalgamated
which continued this morning, was due to the
assumption that them would be further de
clines in the price of the company's product
The rally of . 4% points . In the price of the
etock after the reduction of the selling prices
.by the United Metals Selling Company Indi
cated that yesterday's selling, was by profes
sional bears and was. overdone. The fact that
the former difference between the price of Lake
Superior and electrolytic copper was narrowed
by to-day's changes was taken, as an indica
tion of- an adjustment of differences of opinion
between the controlling Interests In Amalga
mated Copper and Calumet and Hecla. as It
has been supposed that the latter interests
maintained that Amalgamated had an undue
advantage from the relative cheapness of elec
trolytic copper. Many rumors • were Indus
triously circulated of progress toward adjust-
ment of all the late unsettling Influences In the
copper situation. The lowering of prices by the
dominant powers In the trade Is believed to
have cut off the margin of profit on production
of many of the minor producers, thus fore
shadowing a decline In production. The bear
contingent in these securities was also appre
hensive that the bottom point had been reached,
as it is obviously bound to do at some time
after its extensive decline. The possibility that
all the bad news was out added to the urgency
of the demand from the shorts. Amalgamated
closed at the top price. 3 points above last
night and C points above the low record price.
Further selling of Standard Oil in the outside
market at as low as 650 was attributed to
sympathy with the weakness In Amalgamated
Copper. The general market showed a dispo
sition to ignore the early weakness In Amalga
mated Copper. The motive for the underlying
strength in the market was the easier tone in
the money market, call loans ruling for the
most part at 5 per cent. Fears of further gold
exports are subsiding and confidence is growing
that the period until the reflux of funds into
the channels of the money market will be
safely tided over. The transcontinental and
grain carrying roads, especially St. Paul and
Union Pacific, were effective leaders in the ad
vance. The announcement of the cut In cop
per, while it drove the shorts to cover in that
.stock and rallied It effectively, cause'd a sharp
reaction . in the general market. The bears
centered their attack on Manhattan, forcing
it Sl& under the best. The high-priced coalers
and a number of specialties, especially the
Cotton Oil stocks. Western Union. Pacific Mail.
Colorado Fuel and the distilling stocks showed
notable strength. The buoyancy finally devel
oped in Amalgamated Copper rallied the gen
eral market and caused a firm closing.
I The bond market was active and firm. Total
sales, par value. $2,115,000. United States old
4s coupon and the 5s registered advanced \h
and the 5s coupon \\ per cent. The 3s coupon
declined •' ™»r r«>nt on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. Hi«h. Low. Close.
Atchison 7«i.2uO 7S% 77% 78Vi
Atchison pfd 5,000 09% 99 u 99 u
Bait & Ohio 5.200 102% 101% 102
Bait & Ohio pfd... 800 90 95 94%
Canadian Pacific .. 2,100 113% 112% 112%
Canada Southern.. 200 85% 85V4 85«>
Chesp & Ohio 2,400 4G% 46>>, 46%
Chi & Alton 800 35Vi 34 34%
Chi & Alton pfd... 100 77% 77% 77^.
Chi Ind & L 1.000 48V* 47% 48
Chi Ind & L pfd.. 200 74',i 74 74^4
Chi & E Illinois 134%
Chi & G W C.500 24% 23% 23%
Chi & G W A pfd. 300 87V4 87 S7'i
Chi & G W B pfd. 800 41) 47% 47%
Chi & Northwest 200
Chi R I & Pac. l.SOO 151% 150 150%
Chi Term & Tran. 500 15% 15*i 15V4
Chi Term & T. pfd. 1,300 30% 80 30
C C C & St Louis. 600 98 07Vt 97%
Colo Southern 1.000 13% 13% 13%
Colo South 1st pfd. 1,400 66% 56 56
Colo South 2d pfd 25%
Dela &. Hudson 6.500 175«i 172% 173%
Dela Lack & W... aoo 248 246 246%
Den & Rio Grande. COO 43 43 42%
Den & Rio G pfd.. 300 93% 93% 93
Erie 8.900 39% 39% 39%
Erie 1st pfd 2.800 71% 71% 71%
Erie 2d pfd 1.100 56% 65% 60
Great North pfd... 1,200 184% 182% 183%
Hocking Valley .. 400 63% 63% 03
Hocking Val pfd.. 000 81% 81% 81%
Illinois Central ... 1,400 139 137% 138%
Iowa Central 86
Iowa Central pfd.. 200 70% 70% 70
Lake Erie & W... 100 67% 67% 67
Lake Erie & W pfd 128
Louis & Nashville. 14,300 106% 105% 105%
Manhattan L 34,300 13H 132% 133>4
Metropol St Ry... 3.500 101% 160% 160%
Mexican Central... 2.700' 24% 22% 23%
Mexican National.. 1,000 14 13% 13%
Minn & St Louis.. 100 107% 107% 107
Missouri Pacific .. 13.000 104% 103% 103%
M K & Texas 1,000 25% 25% 25%
M K & Texas pfd. 500 61% 51% 51%
N J Central 400 183% 183 182
N Y Central 12.100 16C% 165% 166%
Norfolk & West.. 2,600 65% 55% 55%
Nor & West pfd 91
Northern Pac pfd.. ..-. . 99%
Ontario & West... 7.S00 34 33% 33%
Pennsylvania 10.100 147% 146% 147%
Reading 23.200 48% 48 48%
Reading 1st pfd... l.fiOO 79% 79 79
Reading 2d pfd... 0,700 68% 57% 57%
St L & S F 1.000 5fl% 65 65%
St L & S F 1st pfd 1.200 S3 81 82
St L & S F 2d pfd 4.700 74 72% 73%
St L Southwest... 300 28 27% 27%
St L Southwest pfd l.SOO 60 58% 59%
St Paul 69,000 163% 161% 162%
St Paul pfd 100 187% 187><. 187%
Southern Pacific... 22.100 59% 58% 69%
Southern Railway. 26,000 33% 32% .S3
Southern Ry pfd... 41,000 93% 92% 92%
Texas & Pacific... POO 39 38% SS%
Tol St L & West.. 100 18% 18% 18%
Tol St L & W pfd. 100 34 34 33%
Union Pacific S5.700 102% 100% 101%
Union Pacific prefd 2.400 89% 88% 88%
Wabash 7.000 22% 22% 22%
Wabash prefd 4.200 42% 41% 41%
W & L Erie 18
W & L E 2d prefd 28
Wis Central 1,000 20% 20% 20%
Wls Cent prefd 100 40% 40% 40
Express Companies —
Adams .... 190
American 201
United States 90
Wells-Fargo 180
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 127,000 66% 62 66^
Am Car & F 200 30% 29% ' 29%
Am C & F. prefd... 7.400 85% S5% 85%
Am Lin Oil .... n
Am Lin OH prefd 42
Am S & Ref 900 44% 44 44
Am S & Ref prefd. 300 96% 96% 96%
Anaconda Min Co. . 2,600 30% 2!>U 30%
Brooklyn R Tranit. 4.900 63% 62%" C'Zli,
Colo Fuel & Iron... 1.700 00 87% 87
Consolidated Gas .. 1,200 215% 215% 214%
Con Tobacco prefd ... 114%
General Electric... 1,500 282 2S1 281
Glucose Sugar 600 39 39 3DW
Hocking Coal 100 15 15 15
Inter Paper 700 20% 19% 20
Inter Paper prefd 76
Inter Power 100 88% 88% R8%
Laclede Gap ... 92%
National Biscuit . . 600 44 43% 4314
National Lead \qLl
North American .. 100 93% 93% 92%
Pacific Coast .. 73Vi
Pacific Mall 2,300 4fl 44% 44%
People's Gas 1,400 09% .99% 99%
Pressed S Car .... 700 38% * 38 3s
Pressed S Car prefd 900 80% .79U SO^i
Pullman Pal Car .... . . 211
Republic Steel 100 15% 15% 15%
Republic Steel pfd 100 '67 67 66%
Sugar 4.400 125% 120% 121
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 3,500 C2% 62 62
Union B & P Co ». . i.it;
Union B & P Co pfd 400 74% 73 73
U S Leather 500 11% 11% n%
U S Leather prefd 500 80% 80% 80S
TJ S Rubber 700 14 14 1.3%
US Rubber prefd.. 49 7 *
U S Steel J5.5OO 41% 41% 41%
U S Steel prefd 7.400 91% 91% 91%
Western Union .... 16.200 93% 91% 0.1
Amer Loco 2,500 31 30% 30V
Amer Loco prefd... 1,000 88% 88 '• 87%
Total shares sold. 702,200
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...lO8%'L & N uni 4s. . ' .102%
Do 2s coupon... 109% Mex Central 4s... 81%
Do 3s reg 108% - Do 1st inc 30%
Do 3s coupon... 108% Minn & St L 4s. 103
Do new 4s resr..1.T>% M K & T 4s • 90%
Do new 4s coup. 139% Do2ds.... «li2
Do old 4s reg.. .115*, NYC lsts...... 106%
Do 5s reg 107% Do gen 3%s 110
Do old 4s coup. 112% N J C gen 5s... .M3l%
Do 6s coupon... 107% N Pacific 4s 104%
Atchison gen 4s.. 102% Do 3s ;. 72%
Do adj 4s .93% N & W con 4s....'lO2%
B & 0 1 4s .102% Reading gen 4s... 99%
Do 3%s 91 5t L & I M con 5s.ll7%
Do conv 4b 104% St L & S F 4s.... 07%
Canada So 2ds...lO8 St L Swstrn lsts. 06
Cent of Ga 5s 10ft Do 2ds... 7914
Do 1st Inc 76. S A & A P 4s..." soS
Ches & O 4%s 10fi% S Pacific 4s. . . . ' U2V,
Chicago & A 3%s. 85% S Railway 6s.. 123
C B & Q new 4b.'. OSMs Tex & Pac lsts.. 'll8%
C M & St P g 4s. 111% Tol St L & W 4s. 81
C & N con 7e..... 139% U Pacific 4s..... .106
C R I & P 4s.... 106% Do conv 4s. 105%
C C C & St Lg 48.104 Wabash ;lsts 11s
Chicago Term 4s.. 89 Do 2ds...... 113%
Colorado & So'4s. 875% Do deb B... . 65
D & R G 4s 10.1% West Shore 4s...:ll4
Erie prior Hen 4s. 100% WALE 44...... 91%
Do gen 4s...... "89% Wise Cent 4s... v. 90
F W & D C lsts. .103% Con Tobacco -4s.. 64
Hocking Val 4%s.lO3
THE SAN FRANCiSCO CALL,' THURSDAY, „. DECEMBER 19,;190i.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. ' '■'■'■
Adams Con Chief ..'...... 12
Allce ••••• 45 Ontario.. ...8 00
greece 75 Ophir 60
Brunswick Con.... 16 Phoenix 0<S
Comstock Tunnel.. 00 Potosl ............ 02
Con Cal & Va. . . .".1 50 Savage ; 02
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada : 13
Horn Silver. 1 90 Small Hopes. .. 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard .3 45
Leadvllle Con...... 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.'
Money — US Steel . 41%
Call loans 4 @5 Do prefd ..;. 91%
Time loans 4%@5 Westinghse Com. 73
Bonds — » Mining — -.
Atchison 4s 102 Adventure ....... 17^.
Gas lsts. 81 Allouez •. 3 "-
Mex Cent lsts.. ..- SO Amalgamated ... 6GVi
N E Gas & Coke. 57^ Bingham ........ 24%
Railroads— Calumet & Hecla.596
Atchison 78 Centennial ...... 12%
; Do prefd 99% Dominion Coal... 4S%
Boston & Albany.258 Franklin 12
Boston &• Maine. .189 Isle Royale. ..... .' 19
Boston Elevated 1 . .166 Mohawk 30
N Y N H & H...210& Old Dominion.... 22%,
Fitchburg prefd. .144 Osceola 81
Union Pacific..... 101% Parrot ........... 29%
Mexican Central.. 23% Qulncy ...130
Miscellaneous — Santa Fe Copper. . 2%
American Sugar.. 121 Tamarack .......235
Amer Tel & Tel..io2 Trtmountaln 29 ■
Dom Iron & Steel. 25U Trinity 13%
General Electric. .280 . United States.... 13%
Mass Electric... 32 Utah ........ 19 VI
Do prefd 01 Victoria 4%
N E Gas & Coke.. B iWinona .......... 2
United Fruit..... 82 i Wolverine 49
London Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 18.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was more animated all
around than for a very long time. The closing
was buoyant on the good news from South
Africa and the more definite rumors of an early
peace. The Daily News, the pro-Boer organ,
hints at a settlement of hostilities on Sunday.
Consols recovered, advancing -to 94 1-16. .. In
vestment shares followed and the American de
partment Improved. Northern Pacific was
strong on a report that the Harriman interests
were rebuying their recent sales. The- absence*
of failures on the slump In Amalgamated Cop
per is regarded as a hopeful and important fac
tor in the general situation.
Rio Tintos sold at £41 and copper. at £50
the ton.
Money was scarce, owing to a £750,000 call
of local loans. Gold to the amount of £20,000
has gone out to Malta. The Straits Settlements
are buying silver. New York holding off.
CLOSING,
LONDON, Dec. IS.— Anaconda. 6%; Atchi
son, SO; do preferred. 107; Canadian Pacific,
116%; Denver and Rio Grande, 44%; do pre
ferred, 96; Northern Pacific preferred, 102:
Southern Pacific, 60%; Union Pacific. 103%; do
preferred, 90%. Bar silver, 25% d. Money. 3%
@3%.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. IS. — Money on call, firm,
at 3@6 per cent; closing bid and asked, 4@4V£>
per cent. Prime mercanti-le paper, b<Qa\<i per
cent. Sterling exchange, steady, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 8t>% for demand
and $4 S3%@4 83% for sixty days. Posted
iates. $4 84 and $4 S7V£. Commercial bills,
$4 82?4<g>4 83%. Bar silver, 53VbC. Mexican
dollars, 43*£c Government bonds. Irregular:
State bonds, inactive: railroad bonds, firm.
Condition' of the Trcasnrw
WASHINGTON. Dec. 18— To-day's, state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: ' Avail
able cash balance. $ 171.123,314: gold, *115 »Ju7,
110. '
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
i . __4
NEW YORK. Dec. 18.— FLOUR— Receipts.
9000 barrels; exports, 000 barrels; sales, 11.400
barrels; dull and barely steady.
WHEAT — Receipts. 61,700 bushels: spot,
easy. No. 2 red. 86c f. o. b. afloat; No. .2 red,
S3\ic elevator; No. 1 Northern. Duluth, 84% c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 92c, f. o.- b.
afloat. Options displayed moderate firmness
for a while on Southwest strength,- higher ca
bles, . small Northwestern receipts and local
buying. Later they turned weak under frco
realizing. The close was weak at %@%c net
decline. March, 85% @S6c, closed 85Hc; May
84H@85%c. closed 84%c; July. 84U<8 1 S5%c.
closed 84V4c;-. December, 82?;@S3? 8 c. closed
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice. 6%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova. 7%@llc Coffee futures
closed steady. 5@10 points lower. Total sales,
13,500 bags, including: December,* 6.65c; Jan
uary 6.05@6.70o; March, 6.80@6.90c; May, 7.05
@7.l0c; June, 7.10.
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Fair refining. 3 9-32c:
centrifugal. 96 te3t, 3%c; molasses sugar,
3 l-32c. Refined was steady. No. 0, 4.20c; No.
7. 4.10c; No. 8. 4.00c; No. 9. 3.95c; No. 10,
3.90c; No. II. 3.85c; No. 12. 3.85c; No. 13.
3.80c; No. 14, 3.80c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4800 packages; firm.
State dairy. 15@23c; creamery, 16@25c; June
creamery. 15@21%c; factory. 12^015^0.
EGGS — Receipts, 4500 packages; strong.
Western, at mark. 23<Jf29c.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled very
quiet, but about steady at unchanged prices.
State, common to good 6@8V£c; prime, 9@9Vic;
choice, 9%®9%c; fancy, 10@10',4c.
California dried fruits were quiet. •
PRUNES— 3% @7c. .
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark 9Va
@13c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 12@19c: unpeeled, 7@
lO^c.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 18. — Cotton closed barely
steady, 1@4 points lower.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. IS. — At the outset nearly
every bit of news favored an upturn In wheat.
Cables were firmer, receipts, both local and
Northwestern were very small and ■ promised
to be smaller because of hard railroading dur
ing the cold weather, and many shorts were
buying. The trade was not large, but the gen
eral tone was one of buoyancy at the opening.
May started a shade to }4c up at 80c to 80%®
SOVic and rapidly advanced to SO%c.
the wheat bought early began to come out for
profits there also' developed several bearish
factors that at once sent prices . backward.
The seaboard reported no export sales and even
indicated that foreigners were reselling: there.
The reoort of a disturbed state of affairs in
the Mli.neapolis flour .market and the conse
quent reselling of flour there by millers also
troubled bulls. Outsiders were doing: practl •
cally no buying and the holiday dullness pre
vailed against the early advance. May wheat
started . on the slide downward and touched
79%c, closing weak,- %c lower, • at 79%@79%c
Corn waa active for a short 'time after the
opening. When wheat began to slump corn
followed. The close was weak. May %@%c
lower, at 66%c. "
Oats were auiet. May closed weak. M@%c
down, at 44%c.
Provisions were dull and followed grains.
May cork clossd 2%c@5c down, lard 5c oft and
ribs 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows :_
Articles — Open. High. Low. Clo?e.
December 76 . 76% ■ 75% 75 Vj
May SOVi 80% 79% • 7!>y,
July 80% 80% 79% .70%
Corn No. 2 — . - •• , :
December C4U 64% 63% - f..1%
May.. 67# 67% V 66% ,6G%
July ........... 67 C7^i . 66$4 60$
Oats No. 2 —
December 44% 44% 44% 44%
May 45U ,45% 44% 44%
July 39% 39% 38% ' 88%
■ Mess Pork, per bbl — . , ■ '• *
January . . V -...■..' 1630'
May.... 16 80 16 90 16 75 16 77%
Lard, per 100 1b." — - - ' " '"
January 9 87% 0 fiO 0 85 i ft 85
Mr.y 9 90 0 02%" 9 85 . 9 85
Short Ribs, per J00 lbs—'
January . . . 8 45 . S 45 8 40 8 40
May 8 62% ? 8 65 8 57% 8 60
Cash quotations were as follows: . Flour,
easy; No. ' 3 spring wheat, 71%<f?75%c; No. - 2
red. 80%@82c: No. 2 oats. 46%@46%c: No. 2
white, 48Vi@4!)%c;'No.- 3 white, 47%@49c; No.
2 rye.'. 65c; fair, to choice malting barley, 59@
Cl'ic; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 54;-No. 1 Northwest
ern. $1 56; rrlme, timothy seed.'SO 85: mess
pork.Tper bbl, $15 10i@>15 20: lard, per 100 lbs.
$9 85@-() 87%: short- ribs- sides -(loose), ?S 35@
S-45: dry salted; shoulders (boxed). -7%®7%c;
short clear sides, (boxed). »8 75SJ8 85; whisky,
basis of high • wines, ' $1 32; K clover, : contract
grade, $9 TO fJHlHtflWWtwi Wifff TiuJijVilM'lUii'cKfcMI* I . ' ■
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .....;..... 46,001 38,000.
Wheat, bushels .^........110,000 41,000 ;
Corn, ' bushels 48.000 ' : 101,000'
Oats, bushels ...;.. :186,000 .233,000
Rye. . bushels .::..;■....:.' 31, 000 ■ :'2,000
Barley. :- bushels ....;... .-61,000 . 15,000
■ On the. Produce Exchange to-day ' the ; butter
market 'was steady;; creameries, " 15@21%c;
dairies, 14@20c. Cheese.' steady, ' O%@1O%
Eggs, strong; fresh, 28c. ■■■..-. , ..; -
Foreign Futures.
; . LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . ■ • March. May.'
Opening ........6 1% 6 2%
Closing '...;.: 6 2 ■ . ' 6 2%
PARIS. ; '; .- • ■
Wheat— Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening. 22 25 23 15>
Closing ...".;.;..■........... -.22 10 23 05
. Flour — . ■ - -
Opening ...27 95 ,29 20
Closing. ..........27 90' 29 05
New York Metal Market^
NEW YORK, t Dec. 18.— New local records
were established for copper prices at' home and
abroad.- The refusal of copper houses- to pay
current prices resulted In' a compromise and
values . were' reduced about l%@2c at New
York and. 7s Cd at London. Thus lake was
brought to a level 3c below what it was' in the
beginning'of the, year, or $14; electrolytic was
quoted at $13 ; ti7% and casting at $13. - The
market was rather unsettled and weak. .• Spot
at London closed easy at £50. -'■
Tin was ! somewhat irregular at London and
finished the day at £2 . lower and with spot
quoted at £107 10s and futures at £103 10s.
The tone was weak. Here the market was also
weak and a , sympathetic loss . occurred. , bring
ing spot down to $24@24 75. • '-■•■' ■ ;
There -were sellers of December at $24 50;
February at $23 60, and March at $23 20. Not
much business was done. .
Lead in London eased off 2s 6d to £10 7s 6d.
but was dull and unchanged here at $4 37%. !
Spelter, was -quiet and nominally unchanged
at home and abroad, closing at $4 45 and £17
respectively. , > •.■..'
Iron was without change, but held steady In
tone. Plgiron warrants, $10 60© 11 60; No. 1
Northern foundry, 1 $15 60@16; No. <. 2 foundry,
Southern, $14 50@15 60; No. 1 foundry, South
ern, $15 50@16; No. 1. foundry. Southern soft,
$15@17.
Glasgow iron warrants closed at DCs and Mid
dlesboro closed at 43s 3d. *' . '
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Dec! 18.— CATTLE— Receipts, 21,
000. including 200 Texans;. Westerns generally
10@15c lower. Good to prime, $6 25@7 35; poor
to medium, $3 75@5 90; stockers and feeders,
$2@4 50; cows. $1@4 C5; heifers, $2@5 25; can
ners, $1@2; bulls, $1 75@4 50; calves, $2.50®
6 75; Texas fed steers, $4.30@5 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 48,000; to-morrow,
40,000; left over, 10,000; steady to Sc lower.
Mixed and butchers, #5 S5@0 'j5; good to
choice heavy, $6 23@« 70; rough heavy. $5 90®
6 15; light, $5@5 00: bulk of sales, M 80@
6 20.
SHEEP — Receipts. 22,000. Sheep. 10c lowor;
lambs, 15<7?/25c lower. Good to choice wethers,
.$.'! 75@4 4(5; fair to choice mixed, *2 70@J H>;
Western sheep, $:>@4 ; native lambs, $2 TOQ 1
5 55; Western lambs, $2@4.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Dec. IS.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 1200. Steady. Natives, $6 25@7 l. T .;
cows and heifers, $1@5 25; veals, $2 50©5 25;
stockers and feeders. $2@4 25.
HOGS — Receipts. 11,000. Weaker - to 10a
lower. Light and light mixed. $5 S0@6 00; me
dium and heavy. $6 20@7 25.
SHEEP — Receipts. 300. 10@15c higher. Top
wethers. $4; top ewes. $3 50.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
.PORTLAND.' Dec. IS.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, COc; Valle'y. GOc;, bluestem, Clc.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA. Dec. 18.— WHEAT — Quiet; blue
stem. 60c; club: 50c.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND,- Or.. Dec. IS.— .Clearings, $444,
551; balances, $67,477.
Foreigii Markets.
LONDON. Dec. 18.— Consols. 93 15-16; silver,
25%d: French rentes. lOOf 45c: cargoes on pas
sage, steadier; cargoes No. 1' standard Cali
fornia, 30s 3d; Enelish country markets,- part
cheaper.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. IS.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, Cs 3V4d@Cs 4d: wheat in
Paris, steady: flour in Paris, steady: French
country markets, steady; weather in England,
fine but cold.
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver continues to advance.
Stirling Exchange. GO days — $4 S4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S«
Sterling Cables ' — 4 SSV4
New. York Exchange, right..... — 05.
Now York Exchange, telegraphic: — ' 07%
Silver, per ounce — 63%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44% @ 44-%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The market Is assuming a holiday
character all over the world, being quiet and
featureless. . The undertone Is firm, however,
and futures at Paris and Liverpool are higher
again. ' • >
Chicago was firm on better foreign advices,
and continued reports of wheat feeding to
stock in the Northwest; Receipts increased,
but there was large general outside buying
after the close. The market lest \ Its early
firmness and yielded to dullness and a local
bear raid.
This market showed no change worthy of
note.
Spot- Wheat— Shipping, $1 02%; , milling,
SI 03?i@l 061-4 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session — 9:15' o'clock — May — 1-000
ctls. $1 00%: v
Second Session— May — 12,000 ctls. $1 06%.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
$1 06. . V ■ /
Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY — The market Is apathetic and un
changed. v :
Feed. "SviigSOc for choice bright. 77%c for
No. 1 and 72%@75c for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades, 82%@85c; Chevalier, SOc@$l
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
. Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May — 2000 ctls,
80 Uc .
Afternoon Sosslon — No sales. ...
OATS — Continue firm. No further change
in prices is quoted. Grays, $1 12%
@l 20 for feed and- $1 20(£fl 25 for
seed: whites, 51 I5@l 30;* Surprise, $1 30@
1 35; black, ?1@1 12% for feed and $1 15rg>
1 22% for seed; red, $1 12V.01 20 per ctl for
feed and Jl 2o@l 37% for seed. . ■-.
CORN — Chicago was lower. This market
was dull at previous quotations. ; Large Yel
low, $1 ;}5@1 37%: small round do, $1 3o@l 45;
white. $1- G5@l 42% per cental.
_ RYE— 75@S0c per cental.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
Flour, and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 1503 25;
Oregon, $2 G0@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 ' for Bakers' ; . Washington Bakers',
$2 75@3. ■■ • . ■ - ' .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to ' the trade: ' Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4;. Oat Groats, . $5; Hominy,
$4134 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat. S3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 S5@
8 35; in sacks. ?(J 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
' The expected advance In Bran and Middlings
occurred yesterday, both being marked up 50c.
There was no change in : Hay. j .
. BRAN— $10 50<3>17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $18 50@20 per ton.
:. FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $10017 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at themill, $27 @28; Job
bing. $28 B0<?J29; Coeoanut Cake. $20@21: Corn
Meal. $31@31 50; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32;
Mixed Feed. $16@17.
HAY— Wheat, $0@ll: fancy,' $11 50@12;
Wheat and Oat. $S@11; Oat, $7@10; Barl°y
and Oat. $7@9; Alfalfa, $8@0 50; Clover, $ti@r;
Volunteer, $5 50@8; Stock. $5@7. perton. "
, STRAW— 30@47%c per bale.
Beans' and Seeds.
Dealers continue to quote a dull. and feature
less Bean market. ''Flaxseed is still- arriving
heavily from the north. 1 . . - '.i
:. BEANS-^-Bayos.; $2 30@2 40; Small White.
$2 75@3 15; Large White, $2 S0@3; Pea, 53 50
@4;,Plnk. $1 80(3:2 10; Red,- ?2 60@3; Black
eye. $3 50(@;3 60: Limas. $4 25@4 50; Red Kid
neys, $3 50®3 75'per ctK -"' '» • ■■----■ .:■
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard. ■ $3@3 15; . Yellow
Mustard. $3 25@3 50; .: Flax, $2 50@2 60; Ca
nary, 3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa,' .from
Utah, 8%c;,Rape. lVl@19ic; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED. PEAS— Niles.il: 00@2;. Green,. $1 75
@2 25 per ctl. . . s •-- •
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
In spite of receipts of 9875 sacks, the Po
tato market was firm, and rivers sold • rather
higher.. Three cars of "Salinas came:' In. :
There are ' hardly . any l Calif orhia Onions on
the market at the moment, but Oregona are
easier, though several holders ars asking $2. |
. ■ String Beans and 'Green Peaa are higher.
Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash are lower un
der excessive supplies. : • ■» ■■ ,
POTATOES— S0c@$l' 10 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l 60; Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 25@1 50; River Reds, ?1 50@
1.60; Sweets, DOc@$l>for Merced.
ONIONS — $ per ctl. Oregons, $1 75@2.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas from Los An
geles. '8@10c; String Beans from • Los Angeles,
8@12^c; Cabbage. 40@50c per ctl; Tomatoes,
25@75c; Los Angeles Tomatoes. $150; Dried
Peppers, 9@l~y.rc per 1b; Dried Okra. 12%@15c
per lb; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Cucumbers.
25@50c; Garlic. .l%@2tf'c; Green Peppers, 35®
50c per box for Chili and 35@50c for Bell; Egg
Plant, ; Summer Squash from. Lcs An
geles, $1 50@l 75; Marrowfat Squash. $5@S per
ton; Hubbard Squash, $5®S; Mushrooms, 10@
25c per pound. -
Poultry and Game.
Another car of EasteYn Poultry came In,
making five thus "far this week. All .young
stock was in good d<r.nand at previous prices.
Turkeys, however, continued to drag.
There, was no change In Game. Receipts
were 130 sacks.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 12%@15c; Live
Turkeys. 12@13c for Gobblers and 13@14c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 75@2; Goslings,
$*>@2 25; Ducks, $4@4 50 for old and $5@« 50
lor young; Hens, $4@5; young Roosters, $4 60
©5 50; old Roosters, $4@4 60; Fryers, $4 50®
5- Broilers, *4@4 50 for large and $3 50@-4 for
small; Pigeons, .$1 25 per dozen for old and
$1 75@2 for Squabs. ... •• ■ „
GAME — Doves, per dozen,. $1; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard $2@2 60;. Canvasback, $2®3; Sprig,
$1 50@2; TealT $1; Widgeon, $1@1 25; Small
Ducks; ?1@1 25; Black Jack, ?1@1 25; Eng
lish Snipe,. 52;' Jack Snipe, $1-50; Gray Geese,
S3 60; White Geese, $1 25; Brant, $1 50@2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter Is cleaning up very well and the fancy
grades are still quoted firm, while the lower
grades meet with poor' demand. ■ ...
' Eggs are In fair request and moderate sup
ply • and the top quotation ' is obtained for
strictly choice, ranch. There is « no scarcity,
however, and as the weather is rapidly mod
erating it is possible that the market may ease
off again. J • L-'.j
Cheese is easy, supplies,- both of domestic and
Eastern, being large.
;• Receipts were 21,000 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern • Butter, 490 cases ' of Eggs,
. cases of Eastern Eggs, 3200 pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese. i
BUTTER — Creamery. 24@25c per lb for fancy
and -20©i:-%c for seconds; dairy, 17 %@21c;
store Cutter lil@17o per lb; Creamery Tub, 20c;
Pickled Koll, I&<vjl9c: Keg, 16@18c per lb.
CHEESE— New. 12c; old, lOVieilVjc; Young
America. 13c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
.EGGS — Ranch, 32V£.ig34c for selected large,
Z0Cqi32c for uood to choice and 27%@29c for
fair; store, 24@27 1 />c per dozen; cold storage,
A'@2uc; -Eastern, 20@2Cc.
Deciduous arid, Citrus Fruits.
' Three cars of Oranges were auctioned, as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $1 30@l 40; good to
choice,. $1 05@l 25; standards, 75c@$l 25;
choice seedlings, 60@90c. Thirty boxes of
choice Grape Fruit bi ought $2 55.
. The market for all kinds of fruits remained
about the same. ,
What is said to be the last car of Eastern
Cranberries of the season falls due to-day. -
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 50@l 75 per box . for extra, 75c
©$1 25 for good to choice and 25@60c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples. $1@1 25.
PEARS— Winter kinds. 75c<g$2 50 per box.
. QUINCES — 40@50c per box. ' •
PERSIMMONS — I'OiySOc per box.
CRANBERRIES— Eastern. $10@ll per bar
rel ; Coos Bay, $2 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Orapges. 75c@$l
for standards, $1@1 25 for choice and $1 60<3>U
for fancy; Seedlings, 75c©$l 25; Tangerines.
75c@?l 25; Japanese Mandarins, 75c<g$l 25;
Lemons, 50c@$l for common and $1 50@2 for
good to choice, and $2 50@3 for fancy; Grape
Fruit, $1@2 50; Mexican Limes,- $3 50@4; Ban
anas. $1 75@2 75 per bunch ■ for New Orleans
and -75c@$l 75 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
: Previous conditions rule. The market con
tinues active, with Raisins and Prunes lead
ing. The latter are in exceptionally fine de
mand for this time of the year and the tendency
in prices is upward. • -
FRUITS— Apricots. 7@8%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 7@S&c; sun-dried. 3l4@4ifcc:
Peaches. 5@7Vic; Pears. 4@Sc; Plums, pitted.
4V4@(ic; unpltted. l@2c;. Nectarines. 5@5V4x: for
red and 5H>@(i^c for white; Elgs. 3@4c ■ for
black and 8@3%c for white. - : 'J
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 5K@5%c; 40-50's. 4%@5V4c; 50-60*8.
4M@4%c; «0-70s, 3»i@4Vic; 70-80's, 3%@3%c;
80-90's, 2%@3^c; 90-100's. 2i,£@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, ?3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers — Three-crown,
$1 35; two-crown. $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown. 5%c; three
crown. 5YiC; two-crown. 4%c: Seedless Musca
tels.* 6c: Seedless Sultanas. 5*Ac; Thompson
Seedless. GVsc; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy. 8%c;
choice. 7Vjc: standard. <5U,c; prime. 5V4c: un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice, 9c: stand
ard. 7^c; prime, OVjC Fancy seeded. 7c:
choice seeded. Ct4c; do in>.bulk, fancy. 6»ic:
choice, 6%c per lb.
NUTS — Chestnuts, 10@12^c; Walnuts.' Noi 1
Koftshell, OMtc; No. 2. 7%c; No. 1 hardshell.
9c: No. 2, 7c; Almonds. Il(ft 1 12c for papershell,
0@10c for softshell and C@7c for hardshell ;
Peanuts. 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@
12%c; Filberts. 12@12i£c; Pecans, ll@13c:
Cocoanuts. $3 50@5. ■
HONEY— Comb. 12Q ( 12%c for bright and 10®
11 VjC for light amber; water white extracted,
0@0c: light amber, extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c
BEESWAX— 27 U(g29c per lb.'»
Provisions.
Chicago was slightly lower. Reports from
there said that prices are too high to encour
age buying and dealers are expecting continued
large receipts of Hogs and "accumulating stocks
of Provisions. .
There Is no change . whatever in the local
situation.
-CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium, 13%c for light.
14%c for extra light and. 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern Isugar-cured Hams, 13c; California
Hams, 12%c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per barrel:
extra M*ss^ $ll@ll BO; Family. «12@12 50;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear. $22 50@23;
Mess. '$1S 50@19; Smoked Beef, 13%@14c per
pound.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at ' 8%c per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure; ■ half barrels,
pure. ll-7ic; 10-lb tins. 1214c; 5-lb tins. 12%c;
3-lb tins. 12%c. .
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. lO^c; three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
0 ! ftc; five tierces, 9%c per lb. .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c Under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9%c; Cow
Hides, 9%c for heavy and 0@9%c for light;
Stags; 7c; Salted Kip. 0%c; Salted Veal, 9V-c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c; Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. ISc; Culls and Brands,
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool 40@60c each; medium. C0(JT85c; long
Wool] : ' 8O'c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt,
$2 50@2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium,
$1 75 for small and r»Oc. for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins'— Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or* me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 6c per lb; No. 2,
"; WOOL — Spring, 1900 or 1901 — Southern, de
4"%@5c; grease, 3c.- ■ , /
fective, 7 months, 7@Sc; Oregon Valley, fine,
13@15%c; do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Ore^
gon Eaitern. choice. ll@13c; do, fair to good,
0@llr; Nevada, 10©12c. x
Fall — San Joaquln. C®Sc; San Joaquln
Lambs'. 7%<g0c; Middle County, ; 8® 10c; North
ern Mountain, free. 9@10c; do; defective, 8@Ue
Pe HOPS— 9@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice.. .' • -\ ■.-"_■. .-• , , f
San Francisco "■ Meat Market.
Another advance in Hogs is reported. They
are getting scarce again. Beef • and - Mutton
are firm at the advance already noted.. .' .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: •■ • '• \.
. BEEF— 7@8c for Steers and . 6%@7o . per lb
for Cows.
.VEAL — Lanr«. 7@8yjc: small, 8@9e per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 8@8%c; Ewes, ,;7%®Sc
per lh. -. - • •■",'■■ ' , " • . .
LAMB— J»«S9%c per lb.
' PORK — Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs, 5%c;
under 150 lbs, 5%@5%c: sows, 20 per, cent off;
boars,' 30 per : cent off; : and * stags ■ 40 • per ' cent
off from i the above ' quotations ; , dressed . Hogs.
7@8%c. ■•'.:: ... ■
General. Merchandise.
GRAIN ! BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo
cal make.;%c less than Calcuttas;.Wool.Bag3.
32@35c; Fleece, Twine, V7%@8<J.; ;' .: ,
COAL— Wellington, ," $9 per ton ; Southfleld
Wellington, $0; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $8 50; co-operative Walls
end. $8 DO; Cumberland," $12 in bulk and $13 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania ' Anthracite Egg, $15;
CanneI.Sll--P fi r.ton;.Coke.-$15 per ton in bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per, ton, according
to brand.- • ■ • : '■' •.
OILS— California CaFtor Oil, In cases. No. 1,
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled
65c; raw, Clc; cases, 5c more; .Lucol, ; 56c for
boiled' and 54c-for 'raw In barrels; ?Lerd Oil
extra winter ' strained, 1 barrels, 90c ; cases, ■ 95c ;
China ■ Nut, 55@72c per gallon ; pure Neatsf oot.
In.'.barrels. 70c; 1 cases," 75cJ r : Sperm, pure.-'CSc;
Whale Oil, natural white, 40@45o per gallon:
Fish Oil, barrels. 37%c; cases, 42%c; Cocoanut
Oil. barrels, 63}4c for Ceylon and 58&C for
Australian. . . ■
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; In
cases, 21%o; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; In cases,
20%c; S6-de*ree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In
cases, 26^.c. - . '■ ■
. TURPENTINE— SS^ic per gallon In cases
and 52; In drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Suear Reflninff Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes,. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.30c;
Powdered. 5.15c; Candy 'Granulated, 6.15c;
Dry Granulated, 5.05c; Confectioners' A. 6.05c;
Fruit Granulated. 5.05c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bars only). 4.95c: Magnolia A. 4.65c; Extra
C, 4.55c; Golden C. 4.45c; D, 4.35c; barrels. 10c
more; half- barrels, 25c more: boxes. 50c more;
f>O-lb bags, 10c more. I'o orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos.
half-barrels, 5.55c; boxes, 5.80c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 18.
Flour.. qr sks... 13.771 iTallow. ctls .... 265
Wheat, ctla ...119,940 Pelts, bdls .... *"5
Barley, ctls .... 3.800 Hides. No. ... 3fi*
Oats, ctls 2.190 Lime, bbls . 273
Beans, sks .... 1.CO0 Wool, sks 44
Rye, ctls 130 Brandy gals .. 7.500
Potatoes, sks... 9,875 Wine, gals ... S7.300
Bran, sks 405i Leather, rolls .. . 7S
Middlings, sks.. 415 \ Powder, cars .. 3
Hops, bales .... 148 Quicksilver, flks 14
Sugar, ctls .... 1,924'
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 1.3401
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr eks .. 8.666 Flaxseed. sks .. 4.110
Cornmeal. sks.. 400
STOCK MARKET.
. Business continued dull on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange, and the only note
worthy fluctuation was an advance In Contra
Costa Water to $74%. %
In the oil stocks there was no movement ex
cept In Monarch, which was active at 18@21c.
There was nothing new in' the afternoon.
AzteC OH has lately paid a dividend of 2c.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Dec. 18—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. .
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar cp..H2%113% 4s qr c (new)139%140 •
4s quar rejr.lll%112i,R 3s quar coup.108%110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CPC 5s.108 10S% Oceanic 5s... — 105
Cal-st 5s 118 — Ombus C Cs.130 —
C C Wat 5s.Ill — Pac G Im 4s. — 9«
Ed L & P 6s. — — Pk&C H 6s.. — 112
Fer&C H Cs.120 Pk&O R 6s..121 —
Geary-st 5s.. — 100 Powl-st R 6s.llh%120
H C&S 5%s. — — Sac EGR 5s. 95% —
Do 5s — 109 SF & SJV5s. — 124
L Ang R 5s. #18% 120% Sierra Cal 6s — —
L A Lght Cs.101% — S P of Ar 6s
Do gtd 6s.l00 — (1909) 113% — .
Do gtd 5s. — 105 (1910) — —
L A. & P 5s. 99 — S P of Cal 6s
Do lem 5s. 101 103 (1905)Sr A.10S 160
Mkt-st C 6s.l27% — (1005)Sr B.10S% —
Do lem 5s. — 123 <1906) 110 111
X R Cal 6s. — 116 (1012) 120 —
Do 6s.....l21%122% S P Cal 1st -
N Pac C 5s.l07%103 c gntd 5s.110 — v~.
N Cal R 5s.112% — S P BrCal6s.l36 ' —
Oak Gas 5s.113 — S V Wat 6s.lll%112% .
Oak Tran 6s.l24%125% Do 4s — 103
Do 1st cus. — 111% Do 4s 3d m — 101%
Oak W g 5s.104 105- Stkn Gas 6s.102 —
• WATER STOCKS. - -
Contra Costa 74% 75% I Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marln Co 58 'Spring Val.. 87% 88
GAS AND ELECTRIC..
Cent L & P. 2% 2% I Pac Light... 45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3% 4 Sacramento . — 35
Mutual — 5% S F G & E. 44% —
O G L & H. 51 — I San Fran... 5% 5%
Pac Gas Imp 39% 40 iStktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE. "I
Firem's Fnd.240 — x
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 79% — |L P & A 162%16S
California ..415 — Mer Ex (liq). 18% —
Cal Safe Dp. 110 — S F Nationl.135 —
First Natnl.325 350 I
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1925 2000 ' Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.315 —
Mutual Sav. 66 — Union Trst.1800 —
S F Sav U..525 —
, STREET RAILROADS.
California ..147 150 Market 85% 83
Geary — 50^ Presidio 35 —
POWDER.
Giant 83% S5 IVigorlt — S
SUGAR.
Hana — 4% Kilauea .... — 12
Hawaiian ... 34 40 Makawell ..24% 25%
Honokaa ... 10% 10% Onomea .... 22-22%
Hutchinson . 14 15 Paauhau .;. 10-10%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.162 — Oceanic S C. 40 45
Cal Fruit As. t)8 — Pac A F A. 2% —
Car Wine As. 87% 90 Pac C Boraxl65 166%
Mer Exchge.110 — Par Paint... 15 —
- Morning Session.
Board — -
6 Alaska Packers' Association 162 00
10 California Fruit' Canners 98 50
' f> Contra Costa Water Co 74 12%
5 Contra Costa Water Co 74 25
£> Contra Costa Water Co. cash...'. 73 75
05 Honokaa S Co 10 37%
50 Onomea Sugar Co. cash 22 12% :
100 Paauhau S P Co 10 25
50 Spring Valley Water Co 87 50
Street —
125 Makaweii 25 00
Afternoon Session. ;
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 162 25
15 Giant Powder Con 83 60
50 Giant Powder Con 84 00
10 Honokaa S Co 10 37% ]
60 Makaweii 25 00
60 Makawell 25 25
75 Onomea Sugar Co 22 00
Street —
$1000 Oceanic S S Bonds 104 00
20 Spring Valley Water Co 87 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
20Q Junction a!!!''!!'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 25
300 Monarch of Arizona, b 60...VT.... 18
000 Monarch of Arizona, b 60 ,20
600 Monarch of Arizona, s CO.. 19
200 Monarch of Arizona, b 00 21
100 Monarch of Arizona...'. 20
200 Monarch of Arizona • . 21
100 Peerless. bOO 5 25
5 San Joaquln Oil & Development.. 6 25
100 Senator .. Co
Afternoon Session.
350 Four 43
2 Hanford " 90 00
. 75 Home 3 35'
20 San Fran & McKlttrlck 1 15
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 12 600 Mexican 23
300 Caledonia ... 10 500 Ophlr . 63
800 Chollar ...... 03 S0O Overman 03
1500 Con Cal & V.I 60 100 Sierra Nevada 15
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch. 11 600 Ophlr 60
700 Chollar 03 700 Potosl 04
100 Crown Point. 02 600 Savage 03
100 Gould & Cur. 05 200 Sierra Nevada 15
100 Hale & Nor.. 14 100 Silver Hill... 31
1000 JuBtice 07 300 Yellow Jacket OS
1000 Mexican 22 .
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belch 11 600 Mexican 22
200 Caledonia ... 19 400 Ophlr ....... 63
200 Caledonia ... 18 600 Sierra Nevada 15
100 Con Cal & V.I 60 '200 Union Con .. 09
500 Gould & Cur 04 200 Yellow Jacket 08
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher ...... .12 1S0O Mexican .. -23
500 Best & Belch 11 600 Silver Hill... 31
620 Caledonia ... 19 600 Silver Hill... 30
.100 Con C & V.I 67% 200 Yellow Jacket 08
600 Gould & Cur. 04
, CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Dec. 18—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. ■ '. Bld.Ask
Alpha 01 02'justlce .„... 07 08
Alta 05 06 Kentuck _ 02
Andes ; 01 02jI,ady Wash.. 01
Belcher ..... 12 13 Mexican ..... 22 23
Best'& Bel.. 10 11'Occidental ...04 05
Bullion — 02 Ophlr 69 CO
Caledonia ... 18 19.Overman .... 02 03
Challenge Con . 10 12 Potosl ......'.. 03 04
Chollar.' 03. 04 Savaga ......' 02 * 03
Confidence ... 65 60 Scorpion ..... 04
Con C & V.'.l 65 1 60 Seg Belcher.. — 01
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nevada 1-4 15
Con N York... 01 —,Silver Hill... 81 S2
Crown Point. 01' 02. St Louis .'... . 04
Eureka Con.. 14 —'Standard .... 3 75
Exchequer .. — 02 Syndicate ... — 06
GouW & Cur 04 OOlUnion Con ..Of) 10
Hale & Nor. 13 .lljUtah .,....;. 05 07
Julia —' 01'Yellow Jacket 03 00
•
Builders' Contracts.
-R. Irwln" (owner) with Daniel Einstein (con
tractor), architect, ———All work for a two
story frame dwelling house (flats) on .lot on the
S line of Clay street. 87:6 E from Cherry E
25 by S 102:8%; total $54CO. , >°e"y. E
.-S.-- Scheyer (owner) with ■ Valentine Franz
(contractor), architect. William Koenlg All
work for a three-story frame building (fiats)
on lot on^theS line of Page street. 50. W from
Shrader, S 110 by W 25; total $6540.
TACOMA. Dec. 18—Samuel Haltsinger ' «
night watchman for the Southern Pacific was
stabbed byhimnelf or. by an unknown person
to-day In . the; Dawson. House. A . dirk that
belonged to him was used. - The ■ wound sev
ered'the femoral, artery and he bled to death
In a few minutes. - The police say 1 they are
satisfied it-was a case of suicide'
AUCTION SALES
CLOSING-OUT SALE*
Vendome Slock Farm
Trotting Stock
(Property of James W. Rea. San Jose),
Including Magnificent Mares by
IRAN ALTO, 2:12^: BOODLE. 2:12%: GUT
WILKES, 2:1514: DIRECTOR. 2:17; NUT-
WOOD. 2:18; ANTINOUS, 2:28%; Etc.
In Foal to
McKINNEY. 2:11% and IRAN ALTO. 2:12^i-
Geldings and mares with trotting records, and
all In all It Is the finest collection ever offered
by auction In this city.
Sale Takes Place Next
SATURDAY, Dec. 21st,
Commencing at 11 A. M.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
721 Howard street, near Third.
WM. G. LAYNG, Live Stock Auctioneer.
Catalogues ready. Horses at Exchange.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
tOUSE. t %■
J H Wallace. Manila. '
H Van Allen & w.Arla
C Fenton & w. Covelo
J W Baker. Copperpla
J B Galbralth, L An«
L B Hawkins. L Ang
E B Willis & w, Sacto
W M Hunt & w. Ind
F Pairs, Mexico
M B Maher & w.Slsson
Mrs L G Manor & son.
vTlllo wa
Is H Cook, Portland
C Bell. Spokane
J Ellison. Campo Seco
L B Hastings, Electra
T Longmore, Hqpland
S G Goodman, Bodega
J Buch, Shepton Creek
J Johnson, Shepton Ck
E Monahan. San Jose
R E Peterson, Pueblo
Mrs Peterson, Pueblo
:rn hotel.
C Osterman. Nebr
Mrs C P Magar. Tole3
Mary Bork & str. Ohio
Miss Clara James, SJs-i
F Lumpe & w, Iowa
J Davis. San Juan
I H Zandes, Sacto
O R Lewis. Honolulu
H A Ross, . GrrKl Frks
C M Hackett. Mine
A J Milae & w. N D
RUSS I
J R Toner & w, 3 Rosa
A Moritos. Sacto
L Levy & w, Sta Rosa
G S Benton, Oakland
C D Sheere. Oakland
J W Cortis. Blackston
V P Clark. Cisco
F W Bronil, Cisco
J. Scouse & w. Seattle
DrOE Baker. Nome
H Sennett. Seattle
A A Cliff, Seattle
G Harting. Sacto
J E Kelly, Sacto
Mrs W J Toepel, S Jse
Mrs G Young. S Jose
J A Plerson, Portland
E Nesbett. Sta Rosa
C W Johnson. Sutr Ck
Mrs J S Johnson.Coul
tervllle
P WImman, Chicago
R T Tustln. Kans City
B E Chancy. Manila
NEW WEST!
W B SchoHeld. Ky
E C Brigga & w. Cres
cent City
H C Webber. Chicago
E J Foy, New Orleans
R Ross & w. Seattle
J L Frost, Honolulu.
W Kaufman. Honolulu
W R Downing, Nebr
D Ray. Wls
S G York. Kans
M Keel. Oakland, Me
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. . ,
L Steamers leave Broadway
gVw. Wharf, San Francisco:
HSJSfcfci. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
iTKE&^H Dec 2. 7. 12. 17. 22, 27. Jan. 1-
|l**fe» s tfja Change to company's steam-
' RSSJ3Bt>$lt ers at Seattle.
i PKa^SJlM For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
0"9*&SM«£»l C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
J f Tacoma. Everett and N«w
Wnatcom (Wash.)— 11 a. m..
tv... • t i« n » 21, Jan. 1. Change at »•-
*F« Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San^ .1°%™
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata La Pax. Sim Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)-10 a. m.. Ith of eaea
m F°r furtner'lnformatlon obtain the company's
f °Th e e""companT reserves the ri*ht to- Ann
steamers, pallia? days and hours of sallte*
wlthont rrevlons notice."
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Oen. Ageata.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO, e
Only SteMinahlp Xjtn« *«=»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to alt
points East. Throafth Ticket* to a«
points, all rail or steamshio and rail, at
XiOWEST 3Et-fVT3SEI.
STEAMER TICSET3 INCLUDE BESTHiad KSAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Dec. 14. 24. Jan. 3 13
ES. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Dec. U, 29. Jan. S. U
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt-. 1 Montg'y. g.F.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
Der First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HIoko). Nagasaki and Shanghai ana
connecting at Hongkon* with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing. » ;r •- ,
SS. AMERICA MARU.. t»"l'li-
Saturday. January 4th. 1902
ES. HONGKONG MARU V/L'C '..«/«
Thursday. January SOtn. 1903
ES " . N^. X . MA^? S day; FVb^arV-^in."!^
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ornce.
421 Market .treet c A^f .'^General Agent. .
AMERICAN LINE.
IXV T0BX. SOUTHAMPTON. L09S0V. TXXO.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York WMnnsdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia . .Dec. 2. r t'5t. Louis Jan. 13
St Paul Jan. 1 Philadelphia ...Jan. 23
Zeeland . ". Jan. St St. Paul ........ Jan. 29
RED STAR LINE.
H»w York and Antwerp,
From New York "Wednesdays at 13 noon.
•Vaderland • . . . . Dec. 25 Friesland Jan. IS
Haverford Jan. 1 Southwark ....Jan. 23
Zeeland ".Jan. 8 1 Vaderland Jan. 29
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO,
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10, 12 m.
TUCAPEL Dee. 23ILOA
AREQUIPA ....Jan. 4IPERU
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Frefcht
and passenger office. 316 California street. ,
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R, £ S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. JiO; Meals Free.
6. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, Dec. 23
6.S. Argyll calls Thursday, Jan. 23
*». 6. Leelanaw sails Monday; Feb. 3
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st. .
" F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agcny
flPAanlJt €£ C i*a * uw * ll « WUM « a^
yceanicysxo, »sbsss
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. Dec. 26. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
-- Jan. 4. "02. 10 a. m.
ES. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
." Saturday. Jan. 4. '02. 2 p. m.
J. 0.SP3ECXELS k BBQS. CO., Bunra* iaents. 327 Hartsi St
Gen'l Passenger Office, 643 Market St., Ptar la. 7. P3c5c St
OaKPAQinS GENERALS TBAKSATLAMTIQUJ
U1KECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAKI3. aLjr
Bailing every Thursday. Instead of *2?yro?
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. ■ >«»it»
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havr*. $70 and upward. Secoal
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAU
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. S3 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, S Moutgomer? avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent».
EAT AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U/irNAvTYAnTlNQ VALLEJ3
■Stonwn GS». FRISBIfi or MONTICELLO
- «:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:J0 p. m. Leav&»rf
Vallejo 1 a. m.. 12:30 noon, < p. m.. **■-•< M
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. F*re J*\
cents. Telephone Main 15CSL Landing ar».l A
office, pier L Ulsaion-stre«t dock. . HATCH
BROS.
Weekly Call. $1 Der TearREACHES CRISIS
IN HIS ILLNESS
John J. Valentine's Con
dition Is Gravely
Alarming.
Patient Suffers a Critical
Relapse After Months
of Sickness.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 18.
John J. Valentine, president of Wells,
Fargo & Co.'s Express, who has been se
riously ill at his residence, Thirteenth
avenue and East Twentieth street, for
several months, is in a critical condition.
f naving suffered a relapse on Sunday from
which he has not recovered.
So serious Is the*situation that the only,
absent member of the family, Edward
Valentine, has been summoned home. The
condition is the result of long years of
ailment from a stomach disorder which
the efforts of the physicians have been
unable to more than temporarily relieve.
President Valentine has been confined
to his residence for months. During much
of the time he has been unable to leave
his room. The trouble has been intermit
tent, so far as its serious aspect is con
cerned. For <iays the patient would en
joy fair strength, only to be attacked by
severe conditions that would throw him
back again. Each recurring setback only
weakened the patient, and it has now be
come only a question of a short time
when the end shall come.
For ten years he has been a sufferer,
seeking remedies throughout the world.
In search of health he went East, then
turned to the Orient, and for a time was
m Mexico. But these trips only served
to ward off temporarily the critical pe
riod, which, it is feared, has now arrived.
So low was President Valentine early
this week that no one outside of the
nurses, physician and members of the
family was permitted to see him. Dr.
Liliencrantz has been in charge of the
case. ■
PALLS FROM WINDOW TO
DEATH ON PAVEMENT
Mint House Lodger, Whose Identity
r Is Not Established, Victim of
Fatal Accident-
- A man fell from the second-story win
dow: of the Mint lodging-house at 933 Mis
sion etreet late last night and was in
stantly killed by striking head first on
the stone pavement. When he tumbled
from the window he was clad only In a
light overshirt. The room from the win
dow of which he fell is rented. by May
Taylor, a denizen of the half world. The
police believe that the death was purely
accidental and several of the lodgers In
the Mint House stated that they had
heard no noise in the room such as would
have sounded had the man met with foul
play.
May Taylor said that she was not in
the room when the man met his death.
He had come to her room in an intoxi
cated condition, she said, and she had
left him to go out and make some pur
chases. She claims that she does not
know his name nor anything about him,
further than that he told her that he was
a miner, recently of Arizona. The police
found nothing in the pockets of the dead
man's clothes by which his identity could
be established.
Special Train for Mexico Crowded.
A special train run to enable visitors to
spend the Christmas holidays in Mexico
left this city last evening over the coast
division:* Seventy passengers left this
city, and it is expected that when the
train arrives at Los Angeles the party
will be enlarged -by about i eighty more
passengers. Among those who left here
were Mrs. Robert Louis Stevenson and
Thomas Hill, the artist.
Benevolent Society Elects Officers.
The Servian-Montenegrin Benevolent
Society held its annual meeting last night
and elected new officers for the ensuing
year. They are as follows: President,
John Kukaviza: vice president, P. Seten
r-hich; treasurer, Samie Zenovich; record
ing secretary, Spiro Vucosavlievich:
financial secretary. George A. Dabovich;
directors, Milan Losich, John Doklestich,
V. Lepotich and M. MIsevtch.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Medicine for
Old People,
Rev. Geo. Gay, Greenwich, Ka&, i*
past 83 years of aee, yet he says: *I
am enjoyinjj excellcat health for a man
of ray aee, cue entirely to the rejuven-
ating; inliaences of Dr. Miles' Ner»ine.
It brines sleep and rest when nc-thinr
else will, and gives strength and vital-
ity even to ons of my old age."
"I am an o'd soldier," writes Mr. Gca
Watson, of Newton, la, "aed X have
been a jrcat sutt-rer from Dtrvo^saest,
vertigo and spinal trouble. Have spent
considerable money for roedicine and
doctors, but with little benefit. • I was ]
so bad my mind showed signs of weak-
ness. I bejan ts.li.ine D?. Miles' Nervine,
and I know it saved rtv life."
nne,. Nervine ■
Saved me tram the insane asy-
j-ura," Mrs. A. M. Heifner, of Jerico
fFprines wr itcs. "I was *° nerv-
ous that I co.;id scarcely control my-
*elf. could no; sleep ncr rest, would even
forget tbe ni:ncs cf my own children at
limes. I '.omniencea using Dr. Miles'
Nervine and it helped me from the
first, and now I am perfectly welL"
Sold by alt Druggists on Guarantee.
Or. Miles Medical Co.,. Elkh art, Ind.
1 1 -
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prica Lists Mailed
on Applicatioa. ." !
COAL. COKE AN > VII IROM.
f r IT II CAM £ C£l *0* Cattery Street.
J. C- nlLSlrri ttCU«. Telephone Main 18U.
FRESH AN"J SALT MEATS,
r i c trtt'EktVil Shlpplrg Butchers, tM
JA • iti lbS* LJ- Clay. Tel. Main 1284.
OILS.
J.UBR1CATIXG OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
» 41S Front «t.. 6. F. . Phone Main im.
f PKINTINCi. .
EC riT/CHEC rRINTEK.
t- i:UuilC3. en Sansome *t. S. F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
1UK. HICKS-JUDO CO..
S First street. Eaa Francisco.
ACTS THE HERO
IN DOUBLE ROLE
Sixteen- Year-Old Youth
Twice Rescues His
Brother.
Pitches Burning Boy Into
Water and Then Plunges
• in After Him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Dec. 18.
Presence of mind on the part of John
Smok. aged 16 years, saved his brother,
Albert B. Smok, aged 3 years, from death
by burning and by drowning as well this
afternoon. An explosion of powder set
fire to the little fellow's clothing and his
companions were frantically trying to
crush out the fiomes, when his brother
put an end to the struggle by throwing
the child into a slough. Then, in order
to rescue the boy from drowning, the
older lad Jumped into the water and drag
ged the youngster ashore.
With a number of other boys John and
Alfred Smok went to pass the afternoon
on the marsh on the Alameda side of tho
Webster-street bridge. They were armed
with a quantity of black powder, which
they exploded at intervals. While Albert
was attempting to set fire to some pow
der that had been given to him it sud
denly went off in his face. In a moment
his clothing was In flames.
After the child had been rescued, W. C.
Chamberlain of Alameda, who was cross
ing the marsh in a buggy, took him to
the Receiving Hospital, where his burns
were dressed.
Dr. R. B. Williams, who treated the
youthful patient, found blisters and burns
on the chest, legs and one hand. After
the surgeons had done with him the
twice, rescued youngster was sent to his
home at 224 Second street. '
EXCITING SCENES IN -
A PBIVATE SANITAEIUM
Witnesses Testify Against Mrs
Beeves Atkinson, Charged With
Maintaining a Nuisance. I
The trial of Mrs. Reeves Atkinson,
charged with maintaining a nuisance In
the shape of a private sanitarium, at 1815
Butter street, was resumed before Judge
Fritz yesterday afternoon. Six witnesses
were examined. The,y were Jules Cerf,
attorney; Mrs. Pauline "" Coblentz, Miss
Lena Jonas, H. E. Tresselt, Mrs. Mary
O'Brien and Mrs. Emma Rosenblum. They,
all testified to hearing unearthly noisea
coming at night from the sanitarium, and
Cerf and Mrs. Coblentz had seen women
in their back yards who had escaped from
the sanitarium. Mrs. Coblentz had found
it necessary to put up a barbed wire fence.
Mrs. O'Brien was the star witness. She
lives at' 1710A Post street, in the rear of
the sanitarium, and testified that one
night she heard a man screaming "Ame
lia, Amelia!" He kept it up all night She
raised her voice In court to show Just how
the man yelled. She thought at first it
was one of the neighbors who had come
home "full" and was yelling for his wife
to open the front door. Another man had
for nights shouted "Oh, my!" and another
"One, two!" as if he were marching. She
had heard women shouting, "Murder,
help!' and other women kept dancing and
singing all night.
The case will be resumed next Monday
afternoon. ,
MASTER MARINERS MAY
LOSE THEIR, COMMISSIONS
Association of Masters and Pilots to
" File Charges Against Several '\ \
Local Skippers.
The American Association of Masters
and Pilots has decided to file charges
against several master mariners who are
known to have used fraudulent means to
secure commissions. William Wescott, a
member of the association, has the mat
ter in charge. It is alleged that several
master mariners were not citizens of the
United States when they, secured their
papers from the Government, and that In
obtaining their commissions they made
use of false witnesses. *-
The charges are to be filed with the
United States District Attorney. The As
sociation of Masters and Pilots does not
object to aliens receiving their commis
sions as master mariners from the Gov
ernment after they have become natural
ized. The association is observing great
secrecy in the matter as it is desired
that the charges shall be filed before the
names of the master mariners are made
public.
Point Lobos Club Elects Officers.
' The semi-annual meeting of the Point
Lobos Improvement Club was held last
night at the club rooms on Clement and
Fourth avenues, Richmond. The meeting
was well attended by the residents of the
valley, all of whom haye taken an active
interest in the welfare* of the Richmond
district. - This club stands as the ban
ner improvement club of the city and has
the honor of having for its president
George R. Fletcher for a period of fifteen
years, during" which time great improve
ments have been made for the comfort
of the residents. At- the election last
night the following officers were elected
for the ensuing six months: President, O.
K. Cushing: first vice president, H. U.
Jaudin; second vice president. V. E. Win
chell; recording secretary, George Ma
goonis; financial and corresponding sec
retary, John J. Cassidy; treasurer, P. J.
Ward; executive committee, George R.
Fletcher. Captain John McFarland,
James M. Wilkins, Dr. H. A. Nie
meyer, William A. Deane, G. A.
Blank and W. C. Billington. The ex
ecutive committee comprises also Presi
dent O. K. Cushing, First Vice President
H. U. Jaudin, Second Vice President V. E.
WInchell and Financial Secretary John J.
Cassidy. .
V. E. Winchell, chairman of a commit
tee of seven appointed to investigate the
water question in the district, rendered
a lengthy report viewing the whole mat
ter. On motion the report was referred
to the committee for revision and final
report. A committee was appointed to ap
pear before the Board of Public Works
and advocate paving Fulton street.
Verdict in Oppenheixn Inquest.
Frank C. Watson was. the new witness
yesterday in the Inquest on the body of
Adolph Oppenheim, keeper of a shoot
ing gallery at 416 Dupont street, who was
found dead there December 12 with a 22
caliber rifle bullet in his back. Watson
testified that at about the time the re
port of the shot was heard he saw three
men run from the -direction of the gal
lery and turn into Bush street. The men
wore caps without visors, such as are
worn by seafaring men.
The jury returned a verdict to the ef
fect that death resulted from a, gunshot
wound inflicted by some person or persons
unknown to the jury.
Kershow Case Closed.
The Kershow will contest case, will be
argued next Monday. The taking of tes
timony was completed yesterday, the wit
nesses heard being George McComb, a
deputy Justice's clerk; A. F. Benard, At
torneys L. Solomon and L. Hirsch, Sam
Newman, Justice's Clerks E. D. Williams
and J. J. Ryan, deputy clerk of the Board
of Supervisors, air of whom testified that
they knew Jules Garaage and A. J. Mead
ows and were satisfied . that Meadows and
Gamage were. men of good character.
Pictures and Frames.
We have everything that is new in good,
moderate priced Pictures and Frames,
suitable for Christmas presents. Call and
see them at Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s, 741
Market street, . •
CHARGED WITH EMBEZZLEMENT.—
Clarence - Van Buren, forrrie»ly an employe of
R. J..Lathrop, a coal dealer at 133 Turk street,
was taken • into custody ' yesterday: by Officer
J. J. Barry on a warrant. charging him with
onbezzlement. It i* claimed that . while Van
Buren was (-mployed in Lathrop's; coal yard
he collected bill* from customers and kept tho
mone," . . . ! >. .. : .■ ...
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1901.
COLUMBIA TREASURER ENGAGED
TO WED CHARMING YOUNG LADY
Sol Pincus and Miss Annie Kallmann Announce
Intention to Enter the Bonds of Matrimony— A
.Home Reception to Be Held in the Near Future
p*rr^ HE engagement of Miss Annie
I Kallmann to Sol Pincus was an-
I nounced a few days ago. Both
UL parties are prominently known in
this city, where they, have resided
for many years. Miss Kallmann is the
daughter of Mrs. C. Kallman of 2030^
Stelner street. The young lady is talented
and an accomplished musician. Mr. Pin
cus has been connected with the leading
theaters of this city for the last ten years.
At present he Is treasurer of the Colum
bia.
A reception will be held at the Kall
mann residence on January 5. The date
of the wedding has not yet been fixed.
ACCUSED OF TAMPERING
WITH SOCIETIES' FUNDS
Phillip Shanzer Arrested and a
• Warrant Is Out for M. J. o .
Dolan. ... ;' . , . ;
Philip Shanzer, treasurer of i the Milk
Wagon Drivers* Union, was arrested yes
terday afternoon on a warrant charging
him with felony embezzlement. He ,was
released on ?500 bonds: The complaining
witness is Joseph O'Day, a member of the
union, who alleges that Shanzler is short
in his accounts to the amount of $164 and
a demand had been made upon him for the
money, but without success. >
Michael Murphy, vice-president and
trustee of the Sixth Division, Ancient Or
der of Hibernians, swore to a complaint in
Jud*e Conlan's court yesterday, charging
M J Dolan, ex-secretary of the division,
with felony embezzlement. Dolan is ac
cused of being short in his accounts to the
amount of $57 50. - '
Colonel C. H. Murphy's Surprise.
The Day Commercial School gave a
dance last night at Golden Gate Hall, and
during the evening Colonel Charles H.
Murphy presented diplomas to sixty-five
graduates. There was plenty of scholas
tic enthusiasm, and as each graduate was
presented with the hard-won credential
of efficiency the hall fairly rang with
cheers. Colonel Murphy had arranged a
clever surprise for his pupils, when, dur
ing one of the waltzes, the electric lights,
covered with crimson bunting, were sud
denly lowered, giving a novel and exceed
ingly pretty effect. 'Jjhis dance was called
"The Twilight," but not one of the pupils
or friends had been made acquainted with
the colonel's plan. ,
Pardee Is at Liberty.
S. C. Pardee is again a free man. Jesse
Colman, Eugene Korn, Michel Def ret and
C. H. Rehnstrom, who had sworn to com
plaints against him for passing fictitious
checks upon them, all testified in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday that he had paid
the amounts and asked that the cases be
dismissed, which was done. When Pardee
got outside the courtroom he was again
arrested, on instructions from Monterey
and Santa Cruz, but when the complain
ants there were communicated . with by
telephone they replied that they did not
want h'.m and he was released.
Special Permits Are Unlawful.
City Attorney Lane handed down an
opinion yesterday that there is no power
in the Board of Supervisors to make*laws
denying a privilege to the people at large
and granting to one or more special indi
viduals the right to disobey the general
law. It is within the power of the Board
of Supervisors • to amend the fire ordi
nance so as to permit broader privileges
than those therein granted, but such
amendment must be made applicable to
all in the same situation and subject to
the same, conditions. , , '■■:'■
Closing of Bacon Place.
Chief of Police Wittman and Assistant
District Attorney Charles L. Weller asked
Judge Morrow , yesterday to dissolve the
temporary injunction issued in January,
1900, restraining Chief of Police Biggy
from blockading Bacon place. Judge
Morrow remarked 'that the court had
been imposed • upon, the temporary re
straining order having been issued on the
understanding that the subject matter
would be brought to the attention of the
court at a subsequent date in the term.
The order was therefore dissolved. .
Paid for the Plume.
When th« case of Mrs. Mary de La
veaga, charged with petty j larceny for
forcibly taking a plume - f rom \ the . hat
worn by Miss Maria Cassasa, milliner,
1727 Stockton street, was called in. Judge
Mogan's court yesterday Mrs. de Laveaga
said she was willing to pay $4 for the
plume, .as she liked it. Miss Cassasa said
she was willing to accept the amount, to
end the trouble. The money was produced
and the Judge dismissed the case.
Postage on Christmas Edition.
The great Christmas edition of The
Call, issued December 15, 1901, con
tains 70 pages and will weigh" IV
ounces. The rates of postage on this
edition will be as follows : '.
Domestic... . . . i .. . . . ... .5 cents
. Foreign. .. ... '■ .... . .'. '. . .9 .cents , •
Must Go Back to Russia.
Judge. Morrow rendered an ; opinion yes
terday to the effect that , Simeon Ivanow
Grin should ,be extradited * to :. Russia. 1 *
Simeon, was a clerk in the town of. Khov
on the Don. and-ia, accused of having em
bezzled 25,000 rubles from- his -employers.
THEATRICAL MAN AND. THE
YOUNG LADY HE WILL SOON
WED. _\ ' -, ■"■•'.
PUGILIST, TRIES HIS
HAND ' AS A FOOTPAD
Louis Wade, Otherwise Known as
"Young Sharkey," Caught While
Committing Robbery. ,
Louis Wade, otherwise known : as
"Young Sharkey," a pugilist of indiffer
ent ability, and John Case were arrested
yesterday morning on a charge of at
tempted robbery. They were caught in
the act of rifling the pockets of a man by
the name of Charles ' Lynch by Officers
J. H. Pearl and-J. Tuite. The attempt
was made on Ellis street. At the time
Lynch was considerably under the influ
ence of licuor. .
"Young Sharkey" Is known to many cf
the local sports. He has frequently ap
peared in local bouts, but had never, suc
ceeded in acauiring much of a record
with his fists. Because of his bulldog tac
tics he was dubbed ," Young Sharkey."
Strother • Spencer Not Poisoned.
A Coroner's jury yesterday rendered a
verdict in the inquest on the body of
Strother Spencer, the young drug 1 clerk
who was found unconscious December 2
in the basement of the Owl drug store
and who died shortly afterward. A small
quantity of hydrocyanic acid was found
in the stomach of the dead man, but the
city chemist testified that there was not
enough to have caused death by poison
ing. It was shown by the evidence that
Spencer had been taking a patent medi
cine which contained the acid, and that
he died of heart disease, alleged to have
been aggravated by the use of the medi
cine.-
Ex-Soldier Steals Jewelry.
Albert Brown, an ex-soldier, was arrest
ed last night by' Detective Tom Gibson
for a robbery he committed in Sacramen
to. "■' He was employed by Mrs. William
Borchers of 2311 H street. Sacramento,
and during the absence of the lady Brown
gathered up all the jewelry he could find
and departed for this city. He was point
ed out to Detective Gibson and was taken
into custody. Brown will be taken back
to Sacramento to-day. . .
Yanger Defeats Bernstein.
CHICAGO, Dec. 18.— Benny. Yanger was
given : the decision over Joe Bernstein of
New York after six rounds of fighting to
night. The contest, which was held in
the armory of the Second Infantry, was
witnessed by a crowd -of 3000 people. The
first three rounds were In favor of Bern
stein, who did most : of the leading and
landed the greater number of clean blows.
During the last three, rounds, however,
Yanger came up strong and gained the
upper hand so rapidly that he had a clear
margin at the close. He scored a knock
down in the fourth and put Bernstein to
his knees in the fifth.
Victory for Rural' Saloon Men.
SANTA CRUZ,' Dec. 18.— Justice Ord of
Soquel to-day decided that the liquor ordi
nance adopted by the Supervisors, prohib
iting, saloons outside of incorporated lim
its, is unconstitutional, and instructed the
Jury to acquit S. H. Alkire,. charged with
violating'the ordinance.
San Franciscan Takes, a Bride.
SEATTLE. Dec. _ 18."— Wallace S. Rosen
blatt of San Francisco was married here
to-night to Miss Caroline Frauenthal, well
known in local social' circles. Her father
is wealthy. - The young couple will spend
their honeymoon in Southern California.
Licenses to Marry.
OAKLAND," Dec.T 18.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day, to Wesley. B. Fisher
aged 38 years; and Evelyn I. Bunker 17*
both of Oakland; Herman H. Hail, 24
Merced, and Mabel de Witt, 19, Merced '
Toilet Sets . and Albums
In ■ satin lined leather . and celluloid cases.
Not , much ' cheap * stuff," but great quanti
ties of 'good ' things <■■ at - moderate ■ prices.
.We cordially invite visitors to inspect this
department.- Sanborn, Vail & Co.,: 741
Market street.. .;.; ■•■■:■- ■.•.'■■•■ - »- . •■
1 WASHINGTON, Dec. 18.— The Navy Depart
ment has announced the final acceptance of the
battleship Wisconsin. .' • ■ . . *. .
WASHINGTON, Dec. 18— Representative
Woodof California to-day .introduced a'bill to
establish aDepartment Mines, and Mining.
:..' WASHINGTON,- Dec. IS— Senator McComas
introduced in the Senate to-day the bill for Ad
miral Schley's benefit which was published' this
morning. .-■. \ ,v ,-,■■-. ■■ ■.[;-'. ..<■■.■■- s.-. ••y** ,)• •>-•.;<.
DISAPPEARANCE
DF THE MUSSEL
Many Gatherers of^the
Bivalve Thrown Out
of Employment.
Experts Unable to Account
for Scarcity of the
■ Sea Food.
Sadness fills the hearts of Baciccia and
Martini, the mussel gatherers of South
San Francisco, and the reason of it all
is the sudden disappearance of the mussel
without known cause or good and' suffi
cient reason.' Restaurant-keepers of the
city have endeavored to allay the grum
blings of j the mussel lover, but. the only
explanation forthcoming is that there are
no mussels to be had, that there Is some
thing wrong somewhere, but wherfe' still
remains a deep sea mystery. For thirty
years or more there ■ has , been an ample
supply, and even the veteran fishmonger,
Achile Paladinl, and others in the rish
trade are unable to solve that mystery.
That the loss' of the mussel, which is
hoped to be temporary, is a matter of
great importance to those engaged in the
industry, is shown at Baciccia .and Mar
tini's fishing quarters, where many,
"gatherers" are out of employment,
"cleaners" ' being idle, wagon drivers
without occupation and boatmen are seen
lazily sitting besido their bleached boats."
Even officials, those of the State Fish
Commission, are not quite prepared to ac
count for it all. -
\V. H. Cook, the attorney to the com
mission, takes 'a legal view of the situa
tion andjsmilingly declares that a writ of
prohibition must have been issued, . but
gives the sound opinion that in view of
a scarcity of the sea food the State Leg
islature would have the right to enact a
law to protect the mussel with the same
legal guard as given the oyster or the
female crab or the lobster.
J. H. Davis, a deputy of the State
Board of Fish Commissioners, has only
known trouble to come to the mussel dur
ing an extremely raitfy winter, when the
fresh waters from the Sacramento River
came along and" killed them to such an
extent that the Contra Costa shores were
strewn with the dead. There has! in his
opinion, not been sufficient rain this win
ter to have interfered with them, and he
cannot give a scientific or natural reason
to account for the mussel's disappear
ance. : -i
Some fishermen attribute it to probable'
poisoning, as they cling in remarkable
consolidation to the copper of wrecked
vessels. So much is this recognized that
the gatherers avoid taking them from
any parts in the vicinity of the Golden
Gate. There have been no storms to dis
lodge them from their once favored rocks,
or the wharves or piles on the Oakland
side of the bay. which doubly increases
the mystery. The fact remains that such
a condition has never before been known
even to the oldest fishermen and mussel
gatherers of these carts. -
DECLARE VENEZUELA
EQUAL TO GERMANY
Castro's Official Organs Breathe De
fiance and Threaten Terrible
Reprisals..-
WILLEMSTAR, Island of Curacao, Dec.
18.— La Republica, the Venezuelan official
organ at Caracas, published an editorial
yesterday ending as follows: '
* "If the German Government is informed
that the presence of a few warships will
suffice to effect an arrangement of her
outstanding claims it has been deceived.
Venezuela is conscious that she is an in
dependent nation, the equal of the other
powers, and ■ she is determined to defend
that- independence and equality. -' She- is
desirous of peace, but if necessary she can
cause hurt to her enemies and exercise
terrible ' reprisals. General Castro is de
termined on this. He will in no case suf
fer Venezuela to be humiliated or allow
her rights to' be despised." ■ .-
Other Venezuelan papers comment upon
the situation in a similar strain. ■..";:,_
There is excitement at Caracas over the
military scandals involving Generals Da
vila and Sanchez. After his appointment
as commandant at Caracas Davila insult
ed the War Minister. He has now- been
deprived of his command.
McKTNLEY MEMORIAL
DESIGN IS SELECTED
San Jose . Sub-Committee Chooses tbe
p Model Submitted by Rupert
' Schmid. " ■
SAN JOSE, Dec. 18.— The plan of Rupert
Schmid for a memorial monument to
President McKinley in this city has been
accepted. This choice was made this
afternoon - by the subcommittee having
charge of the selection and it will report
to the full memorial committee on Satur
day. Only two designs were considered
seriously— those of Schmid and (Robert I.
Aitken— and the former was selected by a
vote of 10 to 5. ' -
The design chosen shows a bronze figure
of the President in a lifelike attitude on a
dais, to which a number of granite steps
lead. The figure represents McKinley in
an overcoat, hat in hand, stepping for
ward with his right hand extended to give
a welcome. At his feet is a horn of plenty
and about the dais are symbols and say
ings of the martyr. The cost is to be
}13,500. . ■ ■
CHILE IS ANXIOUS .
TO SETTLE THE DISPUTE
Conferences and Discussions Are in,
Prospect, but "War May Be
'.'■ . ■/. -• : ''\; Averted. •; > - - ■■- \ ;
BUENOS AYRES, Dec. 18.— Dr. Aliman
cio Alcorta, the Argentine Minister of
Foreign .Affairs, has . had a telegraphic
communication from Senor Portela, Min
ister of Argentina to Chile, who Is now at
Santiago de Chile. Dr. Alcorta called upon
the President of Argentina, General Julio
Roca, three times to-day. '
, It is asserted here that Chile will not re
ject the modifications to the original
Chilean note suggested by Argentina, but
that she- will , make certain . objections
thereto which- will render necessary fur
ther conferences and discussions. It is
conceded, however, that even these objec
tions from Chile set forth that country's
sincere desire to effect a peaceful settle
ment of the trouble.
SKIRMISHES IN BATANGAS.
MANILA, Dec. 1 18.— There were six
skirmishes in. A'arious parts of Batangas
province yesterday. ■ The insurgents did
not make a single stand. . Several Filipinos
were killed. ; The Americans. had only a
few men wounded. Additional troops have
been sent to General Bell, who is carrying
on an aggressive campaign in Batangas,
Tayabas and Laguna provinces. y
General Smith has recommended Ser
geant Heinz of the medical department of
the armyfor a medal of honor as a re-;
ward for heroism at the battle of Ganda
River, Island of Samar. Heinz foughtas
long as he was able, while shot through
both arms and with a bad bolo slash in
the back. After recovering, from a faint
ing spell, with both arms in slings. Heinz
directed the work of carrying the wound
ed until they arrived ; at. Calbayog. Sur
geon Calhoun^ recommended Heinz : for a
certificate -of merit,' which was approved,
but General Smith thinks the man's hero
ism is worthy of a medal. ,
Berkeley, Eleven to Go South.
BERKELEY, Dec. .18.— The University
of . Calif ornia football eleven ; will'leave for
Los Angeles Monday, evening to meet two
Southern California football teams. -The
first : game will ' be played , on Christmas
day in Los Angeles with the All-Southern
California team : and the second at Pasa
dena on the Saturday -following with the
eleven from the Ferris Indian School.The
men will be captained by ".Wreck": Wom
ble of this year's. varsity and will be ac
companied by -Trainer Walter : Christie.
'1 nose who , will ■ take the. trip are ' Gen
dottV center; 4 Overall and Stroud;- guards ;
Alber tson and Hansen ; tackles ; Starr, and
Hudson;, ends; More, quarter; ; Duden,
fullback; .Womble and Mini, halfbacks;
Hendricks, Whipple, and Williams, substi
tutes."": <■■■','■■■""'■.■ s-Vv'V 5 '. '.•':-">*! -:- : ' ', ■• . " ;
AFTER MARRIAGE
HE DISAPPEARS
Member of a California
Mining Firm Lost
at Chicago.
Detectives Search for the
Groom, Who Carried
Much Wealth.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 18.— The disappearance
in' Chicago a few days subsequent to his
marriage of James Nolan, said to be a
member of the firm of Nolan. Hayes &
Co., mining brokers at Pasadena, Cal.;
president of the King Solomon Mining
Company of California, interested in min
ing affairs at Spokane and reputed to be
worth several hundred thousand dollars,
is puzzling the police.
For three days Detective Sergeants
Thompson and Gallagher have been seek
ing the man. They traced him to the
Palmer House and other large hotels, but
always arrived too late to find him. The
search was brought about at the request
of the bride of the missing man, who,
prior to her marriage, was Miss Helen E.
Koch. She is now living at 229 Twenty
eighth street. ■ '*•£'■
Nolan came to Chicago three weeks ago.
Here he met Miss 'Koch and December 6
they went to the marriage license ■ office,
secured a license and five minutes later
were husband and wife. The wedding was
performed by Justice J. C. Murphy. On
the Thursday following the marriage No
lan received a telegram calling him to Mil
waukee. ' He has since returned, it has
been learned, but all efforts on the part of
his wife to find any trace of him have
been unsuccessful.
The marriage, it is said, followed a short
acquaintance, and as far as the police can
ascertain Nolan did not know his wife un- !
til he met her upon his visit here. After j
the marriage the couple went to live at !
the Lakota Hotel. The man, it is said, 1
had considerable money and stocks and i
bonds valued at $15,000 on his person when |
he disappeared. . i
WOBK ON WABSHIPS
MAY NOW BE RESUMED
WASHINGTON, Dec. 18.— The Navy De
partment has been informed by the Union
Iron Works Shipbuilding Company at San
Francisco that the strike which has pre
vailed at their yard for over half a year
past has been declared off in a number ot
classes of workmen. This information is
gratifying to the department, inasmuch
as the warships let to that company have
been practically untouched since last May. j
It is expected that the classes who still I
hold out will soon return to work, and!
that operations on the warships at San 1
Francisco will be resumed with alacrity, j
Among the big vessels building at this ;
yard are the battleship Ohio, the armored
cruisers California and South Dakota, on i
which work has not yet begun, the pro- I
tected cruisers Tacoma and Milwaukee!
and the monitor Wyoming. j
. Irving M. Scott of the Union Iron Works
stated last evening that he had no knowl
edge of any information being furnished
the Navy Department, as mentioned in
the above dispatch. H.e stated that his
brother, Henry T. Scott, is In Washington
and that the message might be based on
what he had stated as to the situation in
the shipbuilding' yards.
"We are not doing any work on the Gov
ernment ships at present." said Irving M.-
Scott, "but we have a large number of
men at work on other ships, and the ex
perience will fit them to complete the war
ships. The strike situation is the same as
it was. I cannot state when the work on
the warships will be resumed."
WESTERN RAILROADS
REACH NO AGREEMENT
CHICAGO, Dec. 18.— No agreement 'has
yet been • reached between \ the Western
roads as regards the proposed reorganiza
tion of the military rate pool. The spe
cial committee appointed to prepare a
plan of action that would obviate the ob
jections of the Southern Pacific to the old
agreement was not ready to report to the
general meeting to-day, and it was in
structed to report to-morrow. It is gen
erally understood that the existing diffi
culties will ,be overcome and the military
rate pool be given a new lease of life.
The colonist rate question was up for
consideration all day, but no' definite con
clusion had been reached at the time of
adjournment. It is found absolutely nec
essary to make a material reduction in
the colonist rates from. Chicago on ac
count of the low rates just put into effect
from St. Paul by the Great Northern and
Northern Pacific roads. The question un
der consideration by the Western roads is
what should be added from Chicago an-I
St. Paul in connection with the rates.
PASSES A CENTURY S
BEFOBE DEATH CALLS
LUDINGTON, Mich., Dec. 18.— Louis
Rock, the oldest man in Michigan, died
here to-day, aged 107 years. Rock was
reputed to be the first white man to enter
the Yosemite Valley. This was in the
spring of 1844, when he was in charge of
a hunting party, all of whom were killed
by Indians, he alone escaping. Later he
made his way back to Canada and then
removed to Ludington, where he had
worked in the lumber camps up to a few
years ago.
MOKLEY BELIEVES HE
HAS CAPTURED WADDELL
L.OS ANGELES, Dec. 18.— Rube Wad
dell, the gretatest left-handed pitcher in
America, has agreed to play with the Los
Angeles team next year and will sign a
contract with Manager Morley to-morrow
morning. Waddell told Morley in the talk
that preceded the agreement that he
would rather play in California on ac
count o*f the climate, salary and other
conditions being equal. Morley promptly
met his terms. Neither will give out the
exact figures. It is an open secret that
Morley expects to sign McPartlin by
Christmas day. ■
- REDDING, Dec. lS.-^eorge Farrout, aged
62 .years, committed suicide by shooting: him
self in the head with a rifle at Stillwell Place,
nine miles from Ono.
REDDING, Dec. 18. — W. A. Scott, whose
home is In Dunsmuir, was thts afternoon ac
quitted by a Jury of the charge of dynamiting
trout In Sacramento River. . .
SAN JOSE, Dec. IS. — Two of the* largest
livery stablea in this city, the Lick and Dash
away have combined, and hereafter the livery
business of the city will practically be In a
trust. * : 6'fl-r'
WASHINGTON. Dec. 18. — The House Com
mittee on Agriculture to-day fixed January 18
for taking up the anti-oleomargarine question,
at which time the various interests will be as
signed dates for hearing.
SEATTLE, Dec. IS. — The steamer --E. D.
Smith of the : Laconner Trading and Trans
portation Company ran on a snag In the Skaglt
River Tuesday night and sank in eight feet of
water. There was no loss of life.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Dec. IS.— The Kentucky
Court of Appeals to-day ruled that a telegraph
company, as a common carrier, cannot be in
dicted for or restrained from furnishing Infor
mation concerning races to pool rooms. The de
cision was rendered" in the case of the Com
monwealth 'against tha . "Western Union Tele
graph Company at Louisville. •
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
This question arises in the family
every day. Let us answer it to-day. Try
a delicious and healthful dessert. Pre-
pared in two minutes. .No boiling ! no
baking! addlboiling water and set to
cool. Flavors :~Lem6n, Orange, Rasp-
berry . and Strawberry. Get a package
{it your grocers to-day. io*cts.
GERMANY'S SAY
ABOUT WATERWAY
May Try to Block Work
on the Nicaraguan
Canal.
Berlin Government Interested
by Reason of Concession to
Subsidized Company.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— It has just
come to light that the. German emplro
expects to have something to say about
the Nicaraguan canal because of a O«r
man corporation in a concession that will
be interfered with. and possibly destroyed
by the construction of the canal. This In
terest has been obtained through the pur
chase by the Hamburg-American Steam
ship Company of the Atlas Steamship
Company. The former is a German cor
poration, and the latter Is British.. The»
Hamburg-American Company Is subsi
dized by the German government, and ita
ships can .be called upon for auxiliary
cruisers of the German navy in time of
war. It is the same line that recently
endeavored to get from the Colombian
government a coaling station near Car
tagena, which it was believed b> tbe>
United States Consul there would it
granted, become the first foothold of th»
German navy on the Western continent.
Under the concession from Nicaragua
which the Hamburg-American line has
acquired, it is claimed by Foreign diplo
mats here, the exclusive navigation rights*
of the San Juan River and of Lake Nicar
agua are secured to the German company.
This government takes the position that
the German company and - the German
government can do nothing in the way vt
interfering with the building of the canal,
and that the United States will not be
drawn into the controversy. It regards
the concession as a matter between tha
holders and the republic of Nicaragua,
and will look to Nicaragua to terminate
the concession and reimburse the holders
when the line is interrupted by the con
struction of the canal.
One fact that is admitted is that ths
transfer of the concession at least estab
lishes another point of friction In con
nection with German designs on the New
World. ' ; '»'' :
rRO-BOER UTTERANCES
CAUSE A LIVELY BIOOJ
Mobs Charge and Wreck tie Hall
Where David Lloyd George," rry : ;
M. P., Is Speaking.
LONDON, Dec. 18.— David Lloyd-
George, M. P., in speaking in Birming
ham Town Hall to-night, precipitated a
scene unprecedented in that city since th«
Aston Park riots.
The majority of the audience were hos
tile to the speaker, and were 'enraged by
his pro-Boer and anti-Chamberlain utter
ances. They rushed the police cordon
guarding the platform.
In the meanwhile the building was be
sieged from the outside by a mob of sev
eral thousand people, who smashed win
dows and tried to force the doors, which
had been barricaded. They fusilladed the
audience with stones through the win
dows.
The police reserves were turned out and
succeeded in dispersing the mob after re
peated charges. A number of persons
were injured and the Town Hall was com
pletely wrecked. Not a single window
was left whole.
Chicago Must Pay Thousands.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Dec. IS.— By a de
cision of the Supreme Court handed down
to-day John McKechney and John Mc-
Kechney Jr., surviving partners of the
firm of Weir, McKechney & Co., will re
ceive aDproximately $700,000 from the city
of Chicago. Weir, McKechney & Co. did
work on a tunnel to bring water from the
lake to pumping stations. Unexpected
rock was struck and the firm sued for ex
tra compensation for removing it. By to
day's ruling the claim is allowed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Which would you rath-
er have, if you could have
your choice, transparent
skin or perfect . features ?
All the world would
choose one way; and you
can have it measurably.
If you use Pears' Soap
and live wholesomely
otherwise, you f will have
the best complexion Na-
ture has for you.
SolcJ all over the world.
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 13&L Con-
sultation and private boo*
free at office or by matt.
Cures guaranteed^ . "
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. PAy
§ visit DR. JORDAN'S obcatJ
} MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
\ X3f The L*'?" 1 Anatomical MuMtisi In tit* \
B me&&i». Woild - Weakaesse* or any contracted g
' KCSiSW * 3eav! P«» itl ' ¥# ' 1 ye«»«**bTtheo!<l«t T
Q T&i *gg I Specialist on the Coast. Eit 36 jexn. 0
4 $®n£ \ DR * J 3 R BAN-D!SEASES OF MEN d
\ lA|ft%3 Consultation ftee ind strictly private. \
6 I JfcT'fir H Treatment personally or b y lstt*r. A B
\ 8 W tI H Po * Uiv * CW« in ereryeaie undertake*. \
& P // lie? Write for Bonk. PaiL««OP«T«r A
V * j 11 "■ M*R!llAtE. MAILED FUSS, (JLW
A (S It rlIuibl « boo* fo* mra) ■ ■ , " ■ . \
Y DR JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market ML. S. r V ■
il^^^^^^^^V^fc^%^^^t^^^ty^,g
DR. HALL'S REINVIGOR ATOR Wafa
Stops all losses In 24 hours. Five B^T^ilfeSi
hundred reward for any case we BJ&I ■£
cannot cure. This secret remedy a Sj
cures Emissions. Impotency. Sflfl m9
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea. Gleet. n"W ffrW
Strictures, Drains, Lost Man- yiilj li'l'I
hood and all other -wasting: ef- BEi ' Hi
fects of self-abuse or excesses. iBBwmSS*
Sent sealed, $2 bpttle; 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or addrena order*
HALX/S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broia-
way. Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 10"3Vs
Market at-. S. F. Send for free boolc.
AirP nnif & I Corner Fourth »nd '
CAFE IOYILfPS
.will t- 23V I U 1> tc. Overcoats »n<i
/ - v*U»<^ch«ck«dfy—
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
Great . Mexican Remedy; rives health an<t
1 ctreogth to cexual orsans. Ctpot, 122 ltark*L
imt - 1 in-* 1111 Titn ~n"' 'i ti i n — iiniririn mi \ ■!*■■ n I
910
SAN FHAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OKFICE of The San Francisco | A
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every r.Ight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— M7 Montgomery street,
comer Clay"; open unlil UroO |». m. ,- - ;
300 Hayes street.: open until l»:30 p. m. • •
KZS9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.'
313 Larkin street: «ipen until »:30 p. m. -
VHl Mission street; open until 10 p. m. - *
U-(il Marlxtt ttrevt. coiner Sixteenth; open
until 9 t>. m. =
I0G Eleventh Ftrcct: open until 9 p. m.
1030 Valencia Mreet; open until 9 p. m ; __ •
Northwest corner Twenty-second and K.en- l
tu<-ky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. tn.
MEETlNG^yOTICES.
THE annual meeting of San
Francisco Consistory Xa 1. jtsVafil^A .
A. ar.d A. Scottish Kite of f^^SSPT\
Freemasonry, will be held in y$jaA&(2£vl
oommandery llall. Masonic l& fOgS ?M
Temple. on THURSDAY V*~£jH~- r l
EVENING. December lfl. 1901. Vi?f!$3W--
at 7:30 o'clock. Election of
officers. HEN - RT BURNER. Registrar.
M Sai 2 ?HIS 79 (THU% M AY>
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. By order of
the H. P. jj _ o R HILLMAN. Secretary.
EVENING. December 19. at i :30 JLJC
o'clock. Third degree. By order of / * A
** ""'FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.-
San Francisco Loflee No. 212, m
F and A. M., meets THIS aHURS-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock, for jljK "
first degree. By order of the Master. ' ' *
b E. C HARE. Secretary. -
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.— . 1
fn^uon Shur^ai; A i
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By order (V •
d the aE y- R^ GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
— '■ ■— O
OCCIDENTAL Lodce No. 179 'I. .^gSjgBS^.
O. O. F. — Initiation THIS ■^P^jSSe *
(THURSDAY) EVENING. Mem- %
bers are requested to attend. \ is- '' ;
ito.-s invited. F. R. WEBB. N. O. 8
E. S. W1SWELL, R. S. j
TERBA BUEXA Lodse No. 15. I. cjSa^ti^
O O F.— Initiation THURSDAY 4gPZ£sl~
EVENING, December 19. l'.WL of r
at least ten candidates. Visitors // "
and members are cordially invited.
T. C. MARTIN. N. G.
J. J. DE HAVEN. Recording Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank • of San Francisco.
Cal.. v.-ili be held at its banking-house. 301
Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.. on 1
TUESDAY January 14. 1002. Et 3:15 o'clock
p. m.. for the election of directors to serve j c
for the ensuin? year and the transaction of
Fi;ch other business «s may enzne- before the
meeting. GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
San Francisco. December 13. 1001. ]
AGEXTS WAyTEO.^
AGEXTS — Do tou want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or.insur- I
ence? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrott bldg. j
TWO men wanted to canvass something new.
Kff7 Market Ft., room 1.
ASFHALTCM ROOFING.
CITY ASPHALTUM CO.. €S2 Market et.— Roofs.
tlflewalkf. floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332. "
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorces & specialty: quick, qalet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenirifrs by appcintment: phone John 31S1.
G. W. 1IOWE. £50 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy ; col-
lections : attachments : nior -gages ; bills of sale :
partnerships: deeds; wills drawn ;fees low; open
eve's. THURSTCN. IQOS'j Mkt.. r. 4. opp. 5th,
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. SS7 Market St.. cpp. Mason. '
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 327 Mar-
ket et.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
UICVCLES — For Svle or Exchange. {
NEW blcycJes for dOiren, men and women; :
largest assortment tin the Pacific Coast. :
BAKER & HAMILTON. Fine and Market sts. ;
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN. j
AN experienced woman wants 1 or 2 children
to board. C12 Treat ave.. nr. Nineteenth st.
BOOKS — XBW AND OLD.
FOR astrological, occult, metaphysical books
go to 1423 Market St.. S. F. '
BUREAU TRCNItS^
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. S26 Howard.
BDSjUfBSS CUAXCES.
A— $2Wo7~EAToON7~about 20 feet from Call
building; rent $125; long lease; rarest
chance in the market. Call R. G. WILKE,
26 V4 Kearny st.
A — $1000; PARTNER wanted in pork and deli-
catessen etore close to Market et.; good busi-
ness; only honest party need apply. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny et. .
A — $1000; CORNER grocery and bar en Taylor
et. ; rent $25; place establ. many years and
doing a good business; value in eight. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2tVi Kearny ct. -. ji
A— 1300; CORNER t.:.loon with 3 rooms; rent
$20; good buslnes: ird finest locatioin in the
Mission. Call R. GJ WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — (600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant estab-
lished years; first-class paying; located dose
to Chronicle bldg; .bargain; call soon. R. G.
WILKE, 26 Vi Kearny St.
• A— $500; RESTAURANT on Ellis St. doing a
rusting and good paying business; rent only
S35; place easily clears 5100 per month. R. G.
WILKE, 2<iVi JCearny Et.
A— $900; SALOON including 8 furnished rooms;
• splendid paying business; lei.se; location
can't be beat; rare chance for any one. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26>^ Kearny et.
A— $600; SALOON, Sansome et.; rent $25; very
choicest location ar.d a good paying business.
For particulars. R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A — $1000; CORNER saloon on Sixth St.; rent 560
net; good paying business; no better location
on Sixth et. Call R, G. WILKE. 2G&
Kearry Et.
ETENEERG CO.. 753 Market st.
Phone Black 5491.
Buys and sells real estate, furniture, lodging
houses, restaurants, business chances. Phone
call* promptly answered.
CHRISTMAS BARGAINS.
$1100-«CO>:FECTIONERY and candy factory,
clearing $300 monthly; sickness compels sale.
1250 — Cigar etore, est. 30 yrs. ; 'living rma.
5300— Candy store, Ellis st.; central location.
ETEXBERG CO.. 753 Market st.
$350— PARTNER wanted in the .manufacturing
business; clears $100 to $150 per month to
each partner. Call 935 Market St., room 14.
ICECREAM parlor and candy store doing a fine
business; must be sold; price $450; call and
Investigate. 935 Market st-. room. 14.
HEALY & HENDERSON, phone James 277L
« Eddy St., rooms 18 aHB 19. .
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses," grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil landa, leases.
Money to loan on any cf the above.
PARTNER wanted with small capital Jn sa-
loon; clean- $80 to titO each; low rent and
long lease. Miles & Co.. 927 Market, rm. 208.
A — FOR cigar stands that actually make money
see C. L. HEDGES, 401-462 Parrott bldg.
PARTNER — Real estate, brokerage and insur-
ance; estab. Cal. Bus. Assn. 8(55% Market st.
PARTY with $3060 would like to hear of a good
and first-class paying proposition; -must be "a
bona fide one that will stand Investigation;
no agents, but principals only. Box 2158. Call.
CHICKEN and hog ranch for sale, with stock.
Inquire of JOHN TIEDEMAN. Colma, San
Mateo County, Cal.
PARTNER In oM-establlshed manufactory; re-
tall and wholesale; good store; stock will be
taken cost price. 'JX>7 Fourth st.
GROCERY and bar: a choice corner to-day at
bartoiixi. Box 2147. Call office.
$1500 — WANTED — Partner in retail manu-
facturing business; will clear $150 each per
month: previous experience unnecessary
Box 2144. Call. ... •
CANDY, store and factory, with living room,
for sale; account illness. 2474 Mission St.
BEST opportunity ever offered— Requiring from
$100 to $1000 for purchase of profitable busi-
ness located in Pacific Coast States,- Philip-
pines, China, Japan. Hawaiian Islands 'Alas-
ka: guaranteed expenses to point of location.
Apply 20 O'Farrell st., room -, between 10
a. m. and 5 d. m.
$5 WON $32 last week— Expert system; safest
and best devised: advisory bulletin issued
dally. Particulars National Turf Agency
105 Ellis st.
FOR sale— A first-class candy store, good busi-
ness and location, on account of 6lckness.
Apply 304 O'Farrell. bet. Taylor and Mason.
ESTABLISHED fruit fitore, doing- cash busi-
ness; two teams; selling on account of ill
health. Bex 27bS, Call office.
ROUTE for sale — A route en this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER. 124 Myrtle St..
Santa Cruz. Cal.
FOR sale— A good planing mill In a lumber
yard: located in a- growing 'town.- Address
P. O. box <3S. Healdsburg. Cal .
$200— TAILOR thop: must be sold at once ac-
count departure. Box 2S00, Call.
FIHST-CLASS saloon with grocery, on account
cf death. Inquire at 1607 Folscm st.
T*r<SIKR"5«'- '.**** v «"*'' «——*"■ ******* **_-':'_' I
A CLOSE corporation, doing a wholesale and j J
manufacturing business and well rated in,
Dun's and Bradstreet's. requires a few thou- i
Band dollars additional capital; guarantees «
■ s per cent; tvnl probably earn -20 per cent; ,
investments of $100 cr over received. Box .
2U5. Call. j .
$;K-o FOR sale; good will and fixtures of sa-
loon; a bargain. Apply 157 Minna st;
CoDGING-UOJJSES FOR SALE.
J^rcTDKC^KKrioSoll^Ket st.
36 rooms; 2 entrances; clears $200 *2SaJJ
33 rooms; 2 fronts; clears ?2U0 "... 2000
10 rooms; downtown: clears $S0 <00
30 rooms; elegant; owner sick 2200
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 2100 t
44 rooms; tine yard..... ? ?VXa
i 20 rooms; on Kearny 140t>
IS rooms; rent 550: Kickness 1A>O
18 rooms; sunny corner 1000
10 rooms; downtown '00
22 rooms; transient: clears $150 12aO
20 rooms; on Kearny 1400
23 rooms; clears #100 • •• %0
100 rooms; clears $400 CO00
CO rooms; clears $350. . . ; 3000
54-room corner house 4000
10 rooms; on Eddy st. S50
18 rooms; on Third st 950
24 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $200 1600
33 rooms; best in the city. 2000
60 rooms; 6ure to clear $300. 3600
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE..
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 706.
A-^- Kear the - Call Building.
Telephone Black l-S-O-3.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodging-
houses or on real estate.
9 r.; respectable; Installments; central.... $250
10 r.; installments; respectable; housf full. 300
28 r.; installments; permanent and' tran-
sient; rent $00; clears $1)0 mo. ;. bargain.. 600
14 r. ;botirding-house; income $169 over rent;
brand new; part cash, part in payments. 1300
15 r. ;one floor ;sunny;s well location; strictly
lst-class; splendid mrroundings; porcelain
baths; marble steps: steady roomers;
clears $58 per mo. ;leaving city ;part cash. 1300
SS r. : a central, fashionable family hotel;
. elegant furnishings; full; clears $175.
20 r.;' installments; clears $S0 mo. over rent.1000
24 r.; rent $40; installments; clears $63 900
SO r.; fine, sunny corner house; bargain — 2000
A CHRISTMAS PRESENT A
FOR YOU FOR YOU FOR YOU
60 rooms; central; transient; rent $200.. $4300
SO rooms; new house; running water -
every room; rent $S0 H500
15 rooms; bonton; only $300 cash 000
20 rooms; rent $40; business street 800
14 rooms; a snap; rent $45 900
40 rooms; new house; new fur.; rent $75.
10 rooms; fine new sunny flat 1200
25 rooms; sunny corner; rent $90...... 2200
17 rooms; a money-maker; rent $60.... 900
VACANT HOUSES FURNISHED.
We'll loan you all money needed to buy these
or any house in city.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO..
S50 Market st Telephone Davis 281.
DO TOU WANT A LODGING-HOUSE?
IF SO
SEE
WINSTON & WOLF. 1028 MARKET ST.
(THE RELIABLE AGENTS.)
" 7 r. : brand new ; G. G. ave. ; part cash. $550
11 r.;'corner; offices: part cash; 510 monthly.
15 r.; corner: near Powell st $900
17 r. ; rent $30; reduced to 450
?0 r. ; brand new furniture; modern bldg.
20 r. : must sell; make offer; see this!
2S r. : apartment house; corner $2500
18 r. : rent only $50; payments 850
C5 r.; finest corner in city; we have it.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST.
Any cf the following on monthly payments:
9 rocm*; bargain; S50 cesh. bal. paymts.$150
8 rooms : well furnished 400
33 rooms; grand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location; clears 5150 1200
16 rooms; corner; part cash. 1000
2S rooms; clears $60; payments 400
99 rooms; grand corner: clears $000 5500
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 ...1500
20 rooms; rood location; money maker... ,750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO..
650 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
See our list of bargains.
C2 r.; low rent; best house in city; never
changed hands: income $600: investigate.
53 r.; total expenses S175; apartments $3250
1 36 r. ; rent 5140; first-class room, house.. 3250
, S3 r. : rent *150; part offices; good house.. 1800
2(i r. ; rent ?00: clears $100; good fur 1S00
17 r. ; rent $45; cor.; oak fur.; clears '$100. 850
11 r.; Jones residence; nice home 650
7 r.; rent $45; modem flat; reduced 375
McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market St., rooms 1 and
2 — Workingmen's houses, 32 rooms $400. 100
rooms $1500. 120 rooms $2000. all full and
money-makers: transient, 23 rooms, all light,
near Market, $1550; must sell. 22 front rooms,
Kearny Et., $1SOO; good houses: 50 more
houses. Call and Investigate and if suited
make an offer. <
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
Lodging-houses. Lodging-houses.
CLEAR TITLE.
Money to loan at lowest Interest.
SEE LIST 200 HOUSES.
BRANDON BROS.. »93 Market, rooms 1-2.
$2000 — 44-ROOM lodging-house; all newly fur- !
' r.lshed: situated on very busy corner; 10 bay-
i windows: reason, owner is sick; we have also
r-0 ofi^s: ff.fi us before you buy. MILES &
CO.. 927 Market st.. room 208. .
A — NOTICE^ — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices/ In all parts of the city; get
,our list firft. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
SPIRITUALISM. '
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous mateiiallz-
j. ing medium: spirits speak face to face; seanca
! Tue . Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m.. 50c. I0S4 Bush st.
A— DEVELOPMENT circle, Independent voices,
to-night. 25c. fi o. m., 1304 Post, near Frank-
lin; sittings dally.
BROC'KWAY. 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
" Gough: phone Larkin 1080 — Seances Sun.,
Tues., Thurs., 8:15 p.m. ; 25c; readings, 10 to 5.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1:
letter. $2. 31€» O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth St.; satisfactory
readings, 50c, $1; circle every night, 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c -."come, skeptics.
EDWARD EARLE will give a slate-wrltlng
. seanca to-nighf.' 328 Eilis st. ' :>•'
MME. THYES. removed 993 Market; all receive
tests Sun.. Tues., Thurs., 8 p. m. ; priv. read.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings riaily: test to all to-night lQe.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ONE DOLLAR! ONE DOLLAR!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London.
■ Have ' a' psychic or palmistry reading and
know thy future and prospects for 1902. !
$1.00! $1.00! $1.00!. $1.00!
His Regular $5.00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR ONE DOLLAR
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry how to WIN the man or woman you love,
. how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
bow to control or Influence any one you love
or meet; no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 dally; 10 to 5
Sundays.
Reception rooms, • 13. 14. first floor.
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's.
MME. M.. BERNARD,^
: THE FAMOUS
' Clairvoyant and businens medium, permanently
. located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
• reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
• scriptlon of the past, reveals the present hap-
• penlngs and portrays events to occur in the fu-
. ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
'. happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic
1 love or business troubles, i consult this great
• medium and you will b« told how to overcome
• them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
' 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
i MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1200 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
! antced by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dailv.and Sunday.
t A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
• he succeeds when others fail;' permanently
r . located at 1-5 Turk st. : readings by mall.
! THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTS.
Just v.-hat you want to knov.-; choice of threa
■ expert palmists and clairvoyants; no matter
■ ' who you have been to. we convince all. 607
J Kearny ft., parlors 1. 2. 3.
" MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, horn with double veil — second sight :
diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladles SOc.
• g;nts$l ; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 12tt Turk.
1SMAR, tlie Egyptian GiDsy.clalrvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
t '.' posite Sixth; private readings daily. 10 a. m.
I i to 5 ii. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. ..^
' A-rMfsi M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
.ques.; full names, 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
I only 10c; from 1 to 8. 2(52 Minna st., near 4th.
1 MME. • WIXZOLA, medium, palmist and mag-
netic treater; read, daily. 148 Sixth, room 12.
' MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dles "I5c; eri.ts 50c; readings daily. 132, Sixth.
MISS LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
f • or no pay; 25c, 50c. 1CS Tehama' st:. off 3d.
• MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON.' business, me-
dium; price ?1. 519% Leavenworth St., S. F,
" MRS. B. Bauroann, well-known fortune ■ teller,
has removed, from 222 Eddy to 407/O' Farrell,
t MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; buslnesi
. advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
THE SA : N FRAN CISCO CALL, THURSD AY, .DECEMBER ; 1 9, 1 90 1.
CXA^^jyANTS— -Contlnned. !
BROOKS, 1200 Market— Suite 34 artid 35: won-
derful clairvoyant and trance ■ medium ; read-
ings §1 & ?2; readings by mail; Batisfac. guar.
CARPET HEATING AXP CLEAN IX G.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c; layirig;
on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning.
3c; renovated, relald. 104 14th st.;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
COXKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS Mgr.. 38-40 8th st.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
' vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS. ~
Ingrowing . toenails, bunions and (corns | cured
painless) no knife. Dr.* Brown, graduate chi-
' ropodlst.indorsed by med.prof'n. 304 Stockton.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency; tith
floor; 916 Market St.; advice free.' Tel. Bush
194: able body of attorneys.
" ~ : UKKT1STS,
A^DR.T."srHIGGiNs" 927 "Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; othe^ fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain ■ crowns, $5 up;
plates, .a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up. . ■ - ' ..
Painless extraction.
-■'.,..- 1 do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crown3, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling3 by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students: advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
" DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood bids;., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up;plates. extractions free,$4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D. S., Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c;
plates $5. full set; all work painless fend war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 .Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lst-class prices; lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING, M.D., den-
tist, room 24. 14 McAllister st. '
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st. — Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c'
LOWEST prices In -S. F. : painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
SET of teeth "without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Folk St.
DR.R.L.WALSH.815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less ext., 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building: formerly in Murphy bldg.
DOli "HOSPITALS. ~~
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggist*
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordian and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EPU CATIO^ T AL. WL^ r ,,. .,
SECOND term night school for men. Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and
Ellis sts. ; 15- week- courses, beginning Janu-
ary 6; bookkeeping course $5, electrical
course $5, English course $3, stenographer's
course ft; classes in algebra, Anglo-Ameri-
can history, architectural drawing, arithme-
tic, assaying, bookkeeping, civil government,
civil service, commercial geography, com-
mercial law, electricity, elocution, English,
free-hand drawing, geometry, German, me-
chanical drawing, vocal music, naval archi-
tecture, penmanship, political science, social
economics, steam engineering, stenography
and typewriting. Apply at office for hours
and tuition prices. A. A. MAC URDA, Edu-
cational Director; H. J. McCOY. Gen. Sec.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free. \
ATRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a' complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
8. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
schocl for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
CALIFORNIA Business Colloge; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
MERRILL-MILLER College — Shorthand, typ-
ing practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual Instruction ;, catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mlnlng.mech.sur-
vey assay cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beglnners.coilege graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitlons. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st. ,.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
C. HOFFMAN, the European tenor and voice
builder; Italian method. Concert and - ora-
torlo. 1017 Sutter st. . v
A— Miss Bolte's School. 2734 Pine st.;, board;
Eng., French, German, music; $30 mo.;coach.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting. 814 Geary st.;
day and even. 'classes; send for new circular.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
■ Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.. 8. F.i
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free.
- j ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
. » etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
* EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. .
5 A^JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
& waitrs furnished at short notice. GEO.KI-
NOSHITA.1233 Page. cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE and Chinese help . of all kinds;
cooks,, waiters and house servants. GEO,
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Eush 135.
p RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
p flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188
I JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce-^-Furnlsh mosl
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 016.
," ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japanese, Chi-
~ t nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter:tel.Black 5072
" EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE,
- RELIABLE, competent Easrcrn woman wlshei
e work In hotel linen-room; experienced. 125!
O' Farrell st. ■ . , '■
a ; .
WANTED — By a reliable Eastern lady, a posl
t tlon as housekeeper, country town or city
.MRS. A. D., 1119 Fifthst.. Sacramento, Cal
WOMAN. wants work by day; laundry or clean
'. f ing; $1 25.- Call or address Working Woman
:; . 143 Erie st., near Folsom. '.'
y j _^. .
I A- WOMAN wishes to do German or America]
-j .cooking; first-class references. Box B, Cal
I Branch, 30Q Hayes st.
rr'j ELDERLY woman wants situation; Ugh
q i housework. 207 Minna st. . . :
_ i GERMAN woman would like plain sewing t
d • do at home. 230}i Third ,st. :
.' AN experienced dressmaker will accept a fet
t' \ more engagements In families. $1 25 per day
-1 competent In cutting and fitting ladies' ani
d : children's clothes. 1237 Webster, near Ellis
j. COMPETENT young woman wishes a positlo
i to do . cooking or second work ■ in • a smal
— I family; wages $20 to $25; best references
t.V \ Address E. F.. 1532 Willow St., Alameda. : -
it , : — ,
i. YOUNG lady ar,t student would like orders fo
— ' - .menu tally, name cards or anything in tha
i;* line. Box 2117. Call. '
i_.- , _ :
— \ NURSES— 2 young ; women > between 20 and : 3
r- ■ years of age, of good health and morals.'. Fo
-• particulars apply 1051 Market st., Oakland
l - WETNURSE — A healthy woman of 30, havln
*- a healthy baby. 1 month old. wishes positto
h as wetnurse. 'Apply 1051 Market St., Oakland
*• .JAPANESE young couple want position : i
~ refined family to work; epeak English* well
J. .wages no object. J. N., phone Jackson 33(
_1 . 1225 Devisadero st. ■
l" WINCHESTER House. *4 Third st.,' near Mai
_ ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; - $15
!■ '■ : to $6 week; convenient and, respectable; fre
| bus and baggage to and from ferry..
- EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED man. desires position in retail ."V
. grocery store, " any capacity ; temperate ; ex-
perienced; best city reference from wholesale .
and . retail * merchants. Address W. , W.
BROWN, Winchester House, City.
A MIDDLE-AGED man speaking English and -
German desires - a. position as porter, hotel -
or restaurant, city or country. Box 21oO,
Call office. ■ " : " •'■"'-,*
FIRST-CLASS ' coachman and valet; single;
, neat appearance; sober; uses no tobacco;
willing and ohliging; expert horseman _and
driver; very best references. Box 2638, Call.
WANTED— By a young man of 20, . situation
as attendant to old gentleman or invalid^ at
reasonable salary. -Address H. 1 P. WHIT-
NEY. 3 Polk et. '
MAN of 30. excellent habits, educated, formerly
editor of country newspaper, would Hire some
employment in which he could advance; owns
typewriter. Box 2370, - Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG man wants position of any kind; has
experience in grocery -and butcher business.
'. Address box 2140, Call office. - - -
YOUNG man, 24, wants position ", as ... night
' watchman; steady worker; abstainer.' T. F.,-
700 Folsom at. :'■ ■■. . '
WANTED — Position by steady, active, capable
man, not afraid of work, in office or other-
wisej good references.- . Box 2126, Call. ■
COACHMAN wants position as man about
place; good horseman; driver; care garden;
milk; good references. J. K.. box 2162. Call.
SOBER young man of 25 wants work of any
kind on would work in C packing-house or
■ machine shop ; 8 years' experience in dnea
fruit; good references/Box 2106, Call..
WANTED— A position by a sober young man
of good appearance; can drive and make him-
self generally useful. Box 2133. Call.
YOUNG man would like to keep the books and
finances of, some establishment that needs a
hustler; will furnish bond. Box 2132. Call.
POSITION wanted by young man in grocery
store; 6 years' experience; best of references.
Box 2131. Call. »
SITUATION wanted by young colored man as
dishwasher. Address WILL WALL.. 247
Stevenson • st. " • '
A NAVY graduate would like to "run stationary
engine or shoe machine. Address E.,i 1041
Mission st. -
A— GERMAN middle-aged barkeeper or waiter.
Box 2135,. Call. .
BAKER, steady man on bread, wants place as
first or second. JEF. 1529 Washington «t.
COACHMAN desires situation In private fam-
ily; experienced, steady man; uses no tobac-
co, city and country references. Box 2119,Call.
YOUNG German wants a position; willing to
do any kind of work. 315V4 Jessie St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ', ■■ •
FACTORY FOR RENT.
FOR rent for a term of years— 2-story factory;
657-659 Bryant st.. 4 bet. Fourth and Fifth;
with power and machinery; suitable for any
kind of woodworking plant. Apply to en-
glneer on premises.
Fir^NCIAL.
COMPANIES promoted, guaranteed and
financed, stock taken In payment /for serv-
S Ices; good propositions wanted; gold bonds
furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., 320 Post at.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-0 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO L^t]
i 1909 OAK st. Is a large, commodious flat of 7
rooms, facing Golden Gate Park; rent .$37 50;
all modern Improvements, decorated walls
and frescoed ceilings; this fiat Is tastefully
furnished and the furniture is for sale. Please
call between 12 and 3 o'clock only.
O'FARRELL. 1935 — Modern flat. <5 sunny
rooms, bath, yard and basement; reasonable.
VALLEJO,- 1220,- bet. Hyde & Leavenworth —
Cottage, flat -1 rms.; yard; marine view; $12.
$8 — UPPER rear flat of 3 sunny rooms." 27
Pearl st., off Market, near Valencia.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper tor mailing, n per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 SO, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR sale-^-Cheap, a white enameled bed and
white- dresser. Box 09, Call office.
FURNITURES WANTED.
WILSON - buys . all 'kinds of household goods.
1710 Market St.; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission at., pays highest
. price for second-hand furniture ; tel. Red 1354. ■
A. L STORKS, 634 Ellis st.; telephone Larkin'
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before gelling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
CHRISTMAS present— Danicheff glove order;
factory price guar.: kept In repair. 121 Grant.
HELP WANTED-— FEMALE.
ANY waitress, cook, chambermaid, housegirl.
second girl, nurse girl, etc.. looking for a
position can obtain same at best 'of wages
by applying to C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
■ Geary st^ - ' • • '
A FIRST-CLASS cook for a choice small pri-
vate hotel. $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. - ' , " ;
AN experienced girl to work in bakery and
confectionery. C. R.. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. A ■ -
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, new hotel, city, $20; 6 wait-
resses country, $20, fares paid; 5 waitresses,
city. $20; chambermaid, country, $25; pantry
woman, $25; chambermaid; waitress, coun-
try. $20, fare paid; woman cook. $40 to $50.
' FAMLY DEPARTMENT '........
2 cooks, $30; housegirl, $25,. small family;
many really choice city and country places.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
WANTED — 2 cooks, small wash, $30; 4 second
girls, $20, $25; 10 hotel waitresses, $20, $25;
restaurant waitress, $7, $8; nurse girl, $13;
colored girl, general housework, 2 In family,
$20; chamberwork and "sewing, institution,
$20; cook, Oakland, $30; Alameda, $25; all
kinds of housework; call early. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
/ i _: . ■ . ■
at Levl Strauss & Co.'s Overall
■ . Factory. 82% Fremont st. ; . no experience
necessary; good pay* steady work.' Apply to
. MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators "on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts;. also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for Instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts. -.. , :
WANTED — Bright young lady as cashier In
store. Apply at Monarch Clothing Co.. 916
Market st. ■
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Pa'rrott building.
WANTED — Women for crocheting. - Apply
. LIPPMAN BROS., 495 Hayes st
GIRL for light housework and plain cooking;
wages $12. Call 1022 Pierce st. -
WANTED — An experienced finisher on caps.
Apply 410 Kearny st. room 8. .
WANTED— Child nurse. Apply BILLIE GIM-
; MEL. 213 Sutter St.. 1 o'clock.
WOMAN wanted In a restaurant kitchen. Ap-
;■ ply 183 Seventh st / >
• WANTED— Neat girl for, general - housework;
, $20. 3332 Clay st. ' - ".■ ■ ,.
. GIRL wanted. for> light housework; $10. . Call
i 1309 Treat ave. ; permanent. fc
.A GOOD finisher on coats. 344 Tehama st,
.' bet. Fourth and Fifth.* .
WANTED— Collar rubbers at Electric Laundry,
835 Folsom st. •
GIRL for. shooting . gallery. Inquire 414 Du-
pont Et., upstairs. ' . ■' \
!' WANTED — Young lady, to do light housework.
| i 3824 Army st. I . ... . . , . -
•' , WANTED— A woman, good cook for men. Ap-
, , ply 2030 Seventeenth st, cor. Vermont. :/ .
1 A GOOD washer wanted; cs.Il early. 011 Mc-
• • Alllster, basement.-
[ WANTED— Good dressmaker. 764 Howard st
J TAILORESS^elp on coats. 721A Bush st.
r EXPERIENCED :i hands on children's caps.
hats and sun bonnets; steady work; good
; wages. BAUER BROS.'& CO., 21 Sansome.
\ 25 HANDSOME young girls • wanted for con-
• . cert - hall. f>2."> Vi Pacific st. ; none , under 13
j need apply; 7:30 p. m. . ■, • :,
! AMATEUR, singers wanted. Apply at (Chutes
• , at 0 o'clock ■ this evening. ' . , , ' -. '■ .,' *
• A VACANCY to be filled at once by woman cf
j .*-., ability; ■ permanent : position.- Box 21B2. - Call.
» EXPERIENCED waitresses.- arm work; also
girls to town. 725 Market «t •
\ HELP ;JY^ T j?P*3r£fJ^^
WANTED — Working girls . and women ; the S. I
- ' F. Hairdressing: College teaches you in 3
-weeks hairdressing, - manicuring, facial mas-
' sage, dyeing, bleaching ; eve. classes ; positions
secured; more calls for help than we can fill;
entire course" $5. 233 Geary St., rooms 13-15. £
GIRLS wanted— Bookblndery. 536 Clay st. V. • ; ";
YOUNG girl to assist, with housekeeping. 54? -
■Jessie et., ■* . .-: ■'?■*-£■■■■> .■.','-■ l
CLASSIFIED advertisements and -subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1005
. Valencia st. ' \ - . • > j
-V > '/HELP W ANTED— MALE.
i A — MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6848 I
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
634-636 Clay st. ,
Open 7 a. m. . * :
6 laborers, city.... .'. ...$1 75 day
- 6 laborers, near city.... $27 50 and found -
2 men to clear land $25 per acre I
3 block makers; horse clippers; 10 tie mak- .
; ers; 25 woodchoppers, 4 plow teamsters; 10
farm hands; 2 milkers; 5 choremen.....*.... -
4 teamsters, R. R.work $34 and found
3 machinists, city Job, 9 hours' work; 2 ma- c
. chinlsts, $3; shingle packer, see boss here to-
day; shingle sawyer,, $65 and found; 2 sash ;
weight molders
•Second gardener, institution, $25 and found; ■;
- German cho reman, private, $20 and found;
farmer and wife, small ranch, see boss I here
HOTEL, ETC., DEPARTMENT . /. . .
' Cook and wife, country hotel, fare $.1 25, ?60 .
and found, good \ Job ; cake baker, country,
,$40 and found; cook and wife, city restau- J
"rant, $60; 3 cooks, different Jobs, $35 and $40 3
and found; waiter, $40; waiter, country hotel,
$30 and found; second baker, city shop, $10
week and found; cake baker, $35; porter, ho- j
tel, city, $20; mess boy, $20 and found/
MURRAY & READY .634-636 Clay st.
A — ENERGETIC young man as bookkeeper and
■stenographer . for a ranch, $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
FARMER and wife, small place, see employer
In city, .$35; florist for store, $12 week; boy
for flower store, $5 to $C week; colored stable
man; creamery man and wife, $45; 8 black-
" smiths, $2 CO day; tiemakers, 10c to 14c;
woodchoppers, $1 25 cord; bootblack for
% country. $10 week, and others. J. F.-CROS-
ETT & CO.. 623 Sacramenty st.
COLORED butler. $40 and found; restaurant
cook. $20 week; - second cook. $12 week; sec-
ond baker and ■ confectioner, $10 week and
found; young man for officers' mess; general
Utility man for resort, $20 and found; wait-
ers, dishwashers * and others. J. F. CROS-/
, ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. .
AT-W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay st. — Man
and wife for private place, country, $40, see
boss here; driver for milk wagon, $30; gard-
ener for private place, country, $25; porter,
country hotel. $20.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton St.— Plain ironer,
laundry, country, $25; 2 gardeners. $35 and
$50; elderly man for office work, $10 and
•<• found; night cock, small pla^e, $7 a week. etc.
A PANTRYMAN for city hotel. $25.. MRS.
M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
WANTED-^-Salesmen; men's furnishing goods
department. Apply S. N. WOOD & . CO..
718 Market st. ' '
WANTED— Machinist who understands ice-
making machinery to go to Philippine Islands
to manage business; good place for the right
. man. Box 2156, Call..
TWO clothing salesmen for Juvenile - depart-
ment. RAPHAEL'S (Inc.); apply before
9 :30 to-day.
WANTED — Solicitor, thoroughly acquainted
with conditions in 'Philippine Islands. Box
2157. Call. ' . ' ■ .
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
. room 412, Parrott building.
W ANTED — Young ' man who understands cut-
ting meat and attend to outside route. Box
2161, Call office.
WANTED^-Cook; $10 per week for start. 013
Clay st. . •■
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. . .
GERMAN and wife; to take lease of 2 acres
and board family. Box 2155, Call.
A GOOD coffee-house waiter. 717 Mission st.
■WANTED — A shoemaker on repairing; weekly'
wages ; steady work. 791 Mission 1 1.
WANTED— First-class waiter for day at 467
Valencia st. ' ' ' ?'
A FIRST-CLASS bartender wanted at 152 East
■ st_/ cor.' Howard.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1522 Kentucky st.
TAILOR wanted on custom coats; steady work;
good pay. 533 Natoma st.
WANTED — A man who understands care ■ of
hprses. 1823 Point Lobes aye. ■ /
FOR Sale— A barber shop of 2 chairs. Apply
, 105 Hayea st.
WANTED— Partner in barter shop with small
capital; downtown location. Apply Call oftice.
WANTED — A man who understands pruning;
near the city. Palace of Art, 16 Post st.
FOR SALE — 4-chalr barber shop; cheap. Box
-2787. Call.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps,, U.
8. navy; able-bodied unmarried men of *ood
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
• lees than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Otfice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Men of good appearance to solicit
and collect. Apply bet. 12 and 1, WM. W.
LYON. 405 , Montgomery st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. . MOLER BARBER COL-
, LEGE. 635 Clay st. - .
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third at.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Carriage woodworker and all-round
man. 265 Stevenson St., or Bay View Car-
riage Factory, San Rafael.
WANTED — Good • cooper • on sugar barrels;
steady work. Inquire ■ 847 Florida st. ;
ALL sizes men's shoes,- slightly damaged, half
price. E63 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BARBER shop In country; fine place for man
and wife. Inquire at WILL & FINCK'S.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
-propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,,
60c up; soling 20c up. '923 Howard Et.. nr. oth.
SAILORS, ordinary, "for ships for all parts of
- the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis, 3, 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2So
to SOc. 663 Mission Et., bet. 1st and 2d sts.- '
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
•ket — 700 rooms. 25c night;' reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
' Valencia st. • . '
< HORSES AND WAGOSS.^^
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
. Wednesday. Dec. 18. at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer. ■
ONE second-hand- undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passRnger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.
FOR sale^ — 30 fine draught horses; weight from
, 1200 to 1600. Apply for further information
at 1238 Stockton st... from 11 to 12 a. m.
FULL line German Government horses always
. -n hand. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
FOR SALE — Express wagon. 1437 Devisadero
,». street. - ' '." . '
FOR SALE — One horse 7 years old; $25; black
mare. lS03.Halght st.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave. -
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, . harness,
etc., cheap.: EG AN & SON, 2117 Mission st. ,
AN '. A No. 1 express - Wagon, single : also , light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
■ houses; 'to let. • V
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send forclr-
cular. G.H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LO8T AND FOUND. "
$5 REWARD— Lost on California St., Monday.
10th Inst., ■ subscription • lists i to ; Chamber of
— Commerce. Return to office of the secretary
and-receive reward. ■■■;:.,. .. ' .. k '. .-;".;.r.
LOST — One : lady's leather hand ibag on" Ellis-
■ st.^ car.; containing purse, glasses, handker-
chief, cards with owner's name; liberal re-
ward. Ramona. 130 Ellis. .. .
LOST— Unfinished point- lace handkerchief on
. - pattern: ' on ' Wednesday morning. •- • N. ' F.
REMINGTON, 313 Market St.; reward. . *
LOST— White. spitz dog. . Reward for. return to
: 2"iol B/oadway. :'.-■->■. -. ■■ ■;-.--
LOST— Lady's gold watch; monogram C. M.'N.',
. Liberal reward;. 627 -Ellis st." or 324 Howard.
LOST— A black' pointer " dog. " Reward if re-
turned . to 101 Bartlett ' st , corner * 22d.
LOST AND FOUXL<— Contlnned.
LOST — 2 pass books with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In 'the
names of IDA W. ANKELE and JOHN H.
ANKELE; Nos. 194-S07. 210-903. The finder
will please return to bank.
LOST — Large fox terrier, with red collar, an-
swers to name "Jack." nr. Corona. Sonoma
Co., Cal Notify A. VON HADELN. 1001
Powell st.. city; suitable reword.
GOLD watch; monogram, A. S. Return to C43
Market St.. care Eastman Kodak Company;
reward.
LOST — Leather memorandum pocket-book, 12th
Inst. Please return to or notify J. J. SMITH,
' Stockton, Cal. •
LOST — A small brown water spaiffsl; bitch;
license on. Reward If returned to H. MUR-
RAY, cor. Powell and California- aves.. city.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St., needs old
••■gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MACHINE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works. 415»,i Sacramento St.,
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty; repairing.
MATIUAIOMAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 PoweU
at.; tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
- thousands ; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. Q.
W. O'DONNELL, 101S Market »t., opp. Firth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
•30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
A — MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity, Berlin, In midwifery cases; takes ladies
before and during confinement: best of care;
confinement, $15; room and board. $5; infants
adopted;, will take two to work at my private
residence, 608 Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. M. WEGENER, ladies' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 210 Eddy st.. near
: Taylor.' formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
THE original MRS. DA VIES Is still located at
. 122S Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to S:33 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care: low fees.
MRS.D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician: 25 yrs.'
successful - experience in S. F. Maternity
Home. 900 Market. OPP. 4th.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St., opposite
Union square: all diseases cured bv herba.
MISCELLAXjSOUS— ■ FOR. SAMS. .
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 135-137 Fremont at.
VERY rare Satsuma and Cloisonne vases,
richly embroidered silk piano, table and bed
covers, silk handkerchiefs, for sale at im-
port prices; 2 of the largest Satsuma vases In
the United States and the largest, most ar-
tistic solid bronze statue on the coast. Call
in the afternoon at 421 Oak st.
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
and Retail: Special for Xmaa; Children's
Toy Furniture Sets. ' .
UTEDA-CO.. 422 and 424 Geary at.
A— BUYS, eells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. J53-255 Spear at.
WATER and lead pipes, faucets and zinc bath
tubs, 200 gallon redwood tank and heater;
all In good order; cheap. 60 Steuart at.
TWO dogs for sale; genuine Llewellyn setters,
4 months old, at P. H. HINK'S. 17 City
Hall ave.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
• $2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23 Stockton
• st., upstairs. " . •*".*.
A-J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, JI 75. Popa-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. (3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
KARAT pure white diamond sunburst worth
$150 for $75. MANNIE'S. 32 Stockton st.
REGINA -music box, almost new, cost $50, for
$20. MANNIE'S, 32 Stockton st.
Al FRESH young cow; calf 1 day; halfbreed
Jersey and Ho+steln; gentle. 83 Shotwell st.
THE Dumond violin collection, rarest speci-
men, on sale 2 to 5 daily. Rm. 4, 126 Ellis.
OLD Schweitzer violin, 1815, worth $250. only
$90. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings, $22 60. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton, st.
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $5.
Misfit Parlors, 23 Stockton st.
WALLPAPER, 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc.
MERIGAN, 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg*y.
NEW and 2nd hand boilers, engines, puraps,
pipe and supplies. H. S. White, 51S Mission.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 336 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BPRKE, 133 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 6 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fersatand. 126 Kearny st.. rm. 29.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. S21 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. fiCLLARD fc BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
. sklna. Address at once box 1205. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.; tel. Folsom 2522.
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
Asold. Sllverman. 934 Folsom ;tel.Folsom 1191,
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
aiO\KY TO LOAiV.
HERMAN MUR^KY7^60T*&cainTn^DmidlnT.
■: "... $4,000,000 at lowest rates
...... on first and second mortgages
......... Life Interests In estates
Property being held In trust
Undivided interests in real estate
. ..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
it If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5% & 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; Ioac3 on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chaso above securities. Tel.- Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT ATj£ PER CENT.
First, second and third- mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate tn probate..
, Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
........ 24 Montgomery St., room 3 ........
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per. cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor, Chronicle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation . established in 1863;
proper . place ' to borrow. money on diamonds,
jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant ave.. nr. Mkt.; tel. Black 5471.
ON real ■ estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal; , any
. amount; lowest rates; open evenings 7 to 8
BECKER & CO.. 927 Market St.. room 613.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave, near
Geary st.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY. respectable private place, to obtain 1
- liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4f5 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 10 Third st.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
1 ries, goods in warehouse, etc. ; any amt • low-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery si.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
. annum. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
: party;. no removal ;, no commission ; conflden-
tlaL _ Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
3% . ON. furniture and pianos; $15 up; no re-
■- moral ; open evenings. Room 81. 8 Eddy it.
,MO>TTV TO I-" AN— .Contlntiert. —^
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6S.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; to removal: no
commls. ; confidential. Whitehead, 1710 Mrkt
ON salaries N Y. plan; indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOL'SLEY CO.. 321 Parrott blag.
ON furniture pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. :. LJCK; lift McAllister. «t.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each>
$1000; any security. S02 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RCDELL. 222 Sansome ?t.
ON SALARIES without indorser: other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no lndorser: Eastern
plan. Western loan Co.. 300 Phelan btdy.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEN'YS.
ORGANS~from~$35 to $1000. BYRON MAUZY.
308 Poat at.
FREE concert at BYRON MAUZTS every
afternoon and evening, Ceclllan Piano Player.
SOS Po«t st. .:<
HALLETT & DAVI3 $-">3
Raven & Bacon - 60
Weber 100
Chickerlng 125
Dunham 130
Fleischer 175
Arion 2C0
BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
CHRISTMAS bargains; slightly used high- fp
grade pianos: v .
Steinway 5 :: "'°
Lester \ 350
Byron Mauzy 350
Sohmer 400
Sohmer Baby Grand C5O .
BYP.ON MAUZY. 308. 810. 312 Post »t.
A GOOD thing to recollect Is this: We do not
reckon a sale complete unless the customer
gets all he is entitled to. We glva a perfect,
sound and undamaged new piano for less
money than is often asked fcr patched up
and made over Instruments, -worked off under
all sorts of disguises. It Is much better to
get a reliable new piano that i:i known, than
a "bargain" that is good only for the tlma
being. Our pianos or customers are not
"wrecked." Ask about our new plan of
$1 60 per week. We sell Wissner. Decker
& Son, Baumeiste*. Steger and Singer piano*.
Call and see us — open evenings. THE ZENO
MAL'VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market 8t.
! ALL grades sold by the Heine Piano Co. ; sola
agents moat famous and oldest American
makes; easy payments; big allowance for
old pianos; rents $2 up allowed if purchased :
our new building and hall will be completed
before March 1; we are now making a •pe-
dal reduction for the holidays to clear out
our slightly used goods; imonsr them are all
the standard makes, from $25 up to $350:
open evenings during this sale. HEINH
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary St.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-band, is tt.e largest west
of Chicago and includes the most rellabla
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some irood
pianos for S3. $4 and S3 per month. SHER-
MAN CLAY & CO., Stelnway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sta. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— 4k
Second-hand upright pianos frcm $35 up. "
Second-hand square pianos from 150 up.
Eecor.d-hand organs from SIS up; new nprtgbc
pianos from ?173 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
BON 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering, Mason
fc Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano, 5S5; s!x-octav*
Mason & Hamlln organ. $33; Stelnwar
square $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months. $275: Bech-
steln baby grand, almost new. BOWERS &
SON. 23. Fifth St.; IVER3 & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price- costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 OTarrell
St.; established 1S50. ,
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new high-
grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage: dirt cheap (In-
stallments); open evenings until 9:30. WIL-
EON'S Storage. 1710 Market st. ■
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 9S3 MARKET.
PIANOS THE BEST.
PRICES THE LOWEST.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100
upward; values best In the city. PIERCE 1 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
UNEEDA piano for the holidays; rent one;
total cost 85. 560 Hayes at.
A STEINWAY upright; must be sold; no rea-
sonable offer refused. Box 2150. Call.
FOR SALE — Weber, nearly new; party must
have some cash. Box 214!>, Call. ' -'"
PARTY going away will rent or sell upright J
piano very cheap. Box 2143. Call.
COMPELLED to sell account departure, new
3-pedal standard upright piano. 777 Geary.
PIANO free; party will, give use of piano to.
party who will try to sell It. R. 36. 217 Geary.
$125— SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition.
$75; Erard upright. Hornung. 21« McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. IT.
MULLER. maker, repairer. > Latham place.
GOOD second-hand upright tot sals cheap.
SCHMITZ. It McAHUter st.
AT KEEFFE'S, 21 Turk St., near Market-*
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
STORE 30x30 with basement 40x80; location
center of wholesale iron and machinery trade.
Apply at 143 First »t. '
GEARY. 2301. cor. Broderick — Store aultabla
for grocery and bar. Apply 2303 Geary st.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. 8. WHITE. 616 Mission st.
\ PALMISTRY.
MISS LEMPP, palmist; hours 10 a. m. to S p.
m. ; Sundays by app't. 2247 Mission, nr. 19th.
H JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
NEERGAARD, president St. Germain College.
reads from 1 to 4. 700 Peat: phone Hyde 2q{3.
. PAIXTER3 AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening doneu.
Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third; teL Red 3521.
~~ Rm!^TS_ASp PEASIOXS.
PENSION advice free; ' general practitioner.
Geo. D. Campbell. lawyer. Examiner bldg.
PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15- with these suits we make an extra, pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
st., between Seventh and Eighth.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Dec. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods: electric roleau; super-
fluous hair, moles, etc., removed by electrio
needle. MME. ZEPHEY. 1258 California at.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1,50 per night; $1,50 to $8 per week:
free 'bU3 and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC halrdressing. manicuring, shampoo-
ing, etc.. at moderate prices In America's
best-appointed parlors. The "BON-TON."
324 Post st. ; switches at bargain prices.
DRUMMERS' samples of exquisite drass skirts
at half original price; direct from Paris and
New York; your choice of 263 to select. His-
tory building 723 Market st., room, 11.
BAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
' chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 70C> Fifth. Oakland.
THE latest and best things In ladles' ready 1 ■
wear garments, tailor-made suits, skirts, o 1
-installments, at C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 5th. *
FOR the be3t hair at cheapest prices go to
LEDERER. Switches, $1, :"1 60. $2; halr-
dresslng. 25c. G: LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
RARE and unique presents for tha holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store. IIS Geary St.. NAT
RAPHAEL; novelties of every desTlption.
WHITE enamel lrori beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
Siny Chong & Co. has removed from 115 Stock-
ton to 563 Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, whera
can be found fine stock of ladles' underwear.
GOLD cure for drunkenness; sure remedy: tea-
tlmonials. MOOSER CO.. 1125 Geary st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
" electric needle. MISS EATON. 1110 Sutter st.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call ca
Dr.G. S.Moore. 3S2O' Farrell: send for circular.
LADIES— I will give you valuable information
tree. Ad. MME. DeHAVEN. box 2130. Call.
Mrs. Briggs— Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. PCS Sutter; tel. Larkin o!71.
MASQUERADE costumes, play "dooks. wigs;
country orders. GOLPSTEIN' & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson s. rheatrl-
cal costumer. 26 O Farrell; cour.cry orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; ilre33 pants. $2 50/ .
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Puponf||
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PALNT.
the best corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1: at all druggists.
600 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAU3 & CO.. tailors, 115 Kearay at.SpTIO 8ICIA JVS AN!) SIIUC.EOXS. I
Mi. C. C. 0n0XM;iX.-offic.rand"vFl ( l?nce^
1«'-It~ Mark^t-i.. bet. S.xlh and Seventh.
1;R. VVOSG Hill, hub doctor! Miccexsrully
tr^Rtv all aUanUto* o! the hur.;an b<xly: see
U'ft-ln-.onlalg a» office, 11 r.-l 17 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A—pu. woxo wo. b*rb ;4<jcuir: i«anltarhJcS
.'■■4-7CT. Cln- m.: **e leviimonlaly at office.
\\ t*l*»*IX«*Ayi»».*rt.'ttXt|liC JIIJiLS;
AVOOD rind Ivory Turning. Planlr^. Shaping
nr.l Sawing. PAUL V. HAAS. '.15 Fremont.
tttCAJVt tCST ATtS^CITV.fltPOB.f SALKJ
IiEADQLWimiUS FOR IUHK LOTS.
r.uyin s and Selling Hnrgains Is our Specialty.
$100 to Si.-iO— CJraded Ocean Ilouk-vard lotR-
«'*s»nl view; wliinjj iut: *.% monthly.
?r.00 to $000— Beautiful Kunset lots: streets
graded and Bettered; $io monthly.
?25f*J; *T££*J2&* i ' :>th ave - nea «- h st.
$400 to *2>0O— Choicest Richmond lots- 510
month!}-.
$100 to £50— I rf vol building lots near Mis-
• ion-st. electric cars; $.-> me-nthly.
Modern cottages; splendid locations; all bar-
gains; easy terms.
SOL GKTZ & BROTHER.
Hoom 04. Chronicle building.
— zf :
rX)li rent or sale— At Ocean View, In city lim-
its, thirty-two fine lota, with house of six
rooms; will sell or rent very low. Address
t>ox t'TCS. Call office.
A BARGAIN— Three lots in the Mission. $1000
each; situated -on San Jose ave and 27th st.
Address box 2774. Call office.
KEALESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE N'EA^SATT^R^KClicO^
SmaJl tracts. $60 to *90 per acre, on Rancho
Cctatl. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is irrowinx rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California Bt.. for pam-
phlets and information.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach & prune
lands to sell; richt locality: big money; easv
payments. Healy & Henderson. 6 Eddy st.
' i O^LTRY and dairy ranches for Bale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
KEAL ESTATE 1VAVTED.
WANTED — Lots south of park; also Ingleslde
and Ocean View lots. Address, with descrip-
tlon and price, box 2130. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
MODERN" cottage of 7 rooms, near Park st.
station; large lot; $1S5O; easy terms. -
Cottage of 6 rooms, hi^h basement, gas.
bath, etc.; near Park st. station; easy terms;
I2XJ0.
alodern cottage of 10 rooms, all on one floor;
large lot; every convenience; near Grand st.
station ; easy terms; $5500.
Fine home on Central ave.: 11 rooms; lot
B4xl57; choice location; $7500.
Two cottages of 6 and 4 rooms each, on Pa-
cific ave.; In nice order and near station; lot
BOxlSO: rent $20.
Lots en all the principal streets from $350
to $3000; great barcalns.
Lot on Park Bt., near station; 50x150; $9000.
E. D. JUDD & CO..
1424 Park st.. Alameda.
BARGAIN'S; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; *4 cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
12 HOMES, ranging in prices from J200Q to
$SCOO en terms of from $50 to J100 down, all
in the course of construction; all modem and
have from 6 rooms and bath up to 9 rooms and
bath; situated on the local Berkeley roa-i,
giving the same service and time as the Oak-
land local from Seventh and Broadway to
Eaa Francisco. Further Information apply
A. J. SNYDER,
467 Ninth st.. Oakland, CaL
Or Branch Office
A. J. SXTDER.
Adel.re Staticr-.. Berkeley. [
OAKLAND 'ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
,
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. !
$100 CASH; $6 monthly; large new single cot-
tape; 20x20; fine well of water; lot 100x250
teet deep, for $025 In all; excellent soil; 14
farniliee located on settlement; just the place
for chicken raising; climate and soil well
adapted to the business; away from fogs and
raw winds; near electric railroad and 80-foot
boulevard; not far from. a fine school and
good neighbors; 3 2ne chicken outfits; the
place; call or tend for circular: 465 Seventh
et., opp. Broadway Ftatlon, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JOXES, Owner.
is. M. DODGE & SOX.
1160 Broadway, Oakland.
$3250— Something extra nice in the way of a
modern up-to-date, brand new home In Oak-
land out toward Berkeley; lot 60x125; 7 rooms
cad bath. Call and let us Fhow you this.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
6CNXT lower Cat, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot; Tawn; fruit and shade trees and
Cowers; lot elevated; choice locality: will reut
lew to catisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
eve. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth sts.. ccme within 1 block. Call or
address 1C59 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND Fl'BSITCttE FOR SALE.
% «J3T'lntroduction to you from H. Schellhaas jtbu
,~ furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
BOOMS rOR^HOUSEKEEPING.
FEFTh7^53 — 3 connecting furnished house-
keeping. $12; also single. $4 to $7.
GOUGH 115 — Sunny )<ay-window parlor: water
and gas stove connected; phone; bath; $13.
LARK1N", 433 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; bay-window.
MCALLISTER, MS— Nicely furnished suite
complete for housekeeping; $12.
WINVA 111% — Bay window furnished house-
kefcpliie suite; $2 M per week.
OAK, 119 — Sunny room; sink; range; closet;
furnished for housekeeping; $3. •.
OAK, 125 — Two nicely furnished basement
rooms; ?10. -
PAGE 110, nr. Gough — Elegant newly furn. al-
cove' suite: gas stove; separate water; grate;
dishes; $22-50; adulu; also large tide room.
SHIPLEY. £j:)-2GI — 4 rice rooms. CS; house
new; "good class people wanted only.
CI^APEIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
|j received at Call branch office. 2200 Fiilmore st.
ROO3IS TO LET — Furn. and I'nfnrn.
ARGTLE~Hotel. SM McAllister — New. elegant.
eunny, grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
« BKUNSVICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth — Rooms,'
25c to $1 per night; ?1 2Z to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping roome; open all night.
BURNETT, 142C Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nished rnis.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
C? KFORD. 2C4 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
V urnished ' gunny roona; prices reasonable.
EDDY 210 — Elegant sunny single and double
room's, travelers solicited; quiet house.
EIGHTH. 121! A — Nicely furnished front room;
also single room. .
KL j ;c 321 rMczart>— Nicely furnished rooms.
.■>j'c,"?l 50 night; $1 50, $<i wk.; open all night.
GEARY 4<<5 {The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and Ftngle^ravclers accommodated.
GK VPY lu2T — Unfurnished front connecting
rooms'; water; gas; bath: phone; references.
Jo*CI£ Q BIS Newly furnished room, hath,
eunny.-ctntral. private family. '
MCALLISTER. tWi comer Hyde — Elegantly
furnished rvUe Fur.ny rooms, with grate, suit-
able for first-claFS physician; elec. and g:i».
illN'N'A CG7, ccr. Eighth— Newly furnished
■bay-window, room. H per week; transient.
MISSION. 172914. near l.'Jth — 2 sunny [urnlKbrd
housekeeping room*; laundry: ?&•
NEW A.RLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely rur-
* nisbeJ rooms :_f^_f -- a . y . ".?:..
b'F^UKELL 20— Sunny furnished room* and
offices ; elevator; clcc. lights; day, week, mo.
EHEI'.MAS Apartment House. 2S ISighth st..
neer Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH, 35CS»£. Var Market— 2 i*mnny
furnished housekeeping room?, with use of
'^rlci ;' stationary wanhtubs; rent $10.
tyTJcKTOV ":i2 — A Mirny *uite and single*:
neat "and clean; p»tft: phone; prices low.
SUTTER "20". (The Stanford)— Suites from $ I
to $7; eins'.es. S2 to f 3 per week: transient.
TJ'.lTll). 1«1 — Large furnished room with flit
pli&c."
Itr-CflWJt TO 1,RT — Fnrn. nail I'nfnrn.
TO k£— 3 unfurnished rooms; price $X Call at
ITS! Katoir.a rt.. crocery.
TU1MC. rU.T — Larpe front room; 13 minutes'
walk from Keainy Et. : grate, eas and bath.
CLASSIFIED .idvcrtisments and subscriptions
received at Call bra:ich office, 2200 Flllmore.
A llftANCH office for Call advertisement.* anil
subscript lens has been established at 100U
Valonda tt. . ". :
HOOMS AM) UOA11I).
UUTKL DenniEton. cor. Valencia and 21nt sts—
In the "Warm Belt": free from prevailing
loss: choice sunny Miits: first class. . „
THE Irvlngdale. 626 Eddy— Suite suitable Jor
three genlJemen with board, $60; single rooms
with board. SM 50 up; excellent table.
FITLTON. 44(5 — Sunny room with or -without
board; ess; buth; block from McAlllster-st
rars.
THF. ricrpont. 41S Ellis— Everything rew; most
elf-pantly furnished apartments: first-class
dlnimr-room.
CALIFORNIA. S07 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family Hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
NIAKA. G15 Tavlor— N'lcely furnished sunny
rooms; excellent board; terms reasonable. .
HOTEL Repplier. 7S1 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOt'NG man of neat appearance wants board
and room In private family; must be reason-
nhle. Box 21 C3. Call office.
Kl'PTURE SANITARIU3I.
RD PTXmE^ureT^aT^HUNrEirS
RIUM. lMfi Market st. : treatment fr*e; only
Invention in the world that-wlll not torture.
SI'ECIAX. NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION'
CO.. 416 Montgomery Et.. rooms 0-10; tel. 65S0.
EBWIKG JIACKIXES A>I> SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, eschanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Biack 1124. 205,4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
ralrlng; lowest ratep; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PI ERCE^RODCLPHTstora^ge^Td^MovTng^Cal
office Tost and Powell sts.: tel. Main 0713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. S40 MIs-
slon et.; tel. Howard 041.. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2-{20 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission et.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS 1N~T? PE^WRlTERS^VV'e
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 530 California; telephone Main 2U0.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND~TRu¥t
COMPANY, corner California and Montgom-
ery sts. — For the six months ending Decem-
ber 31. 1901. dividends have been declared
i en deposits in the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deooslts at
I the rate of 3 C-10 per cent per annum, and
i on ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 .per cent
; per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
! after Thursday. January 2. 1902. Dividends
I uncalled for are added to the prlnciual and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after January 1. 1SW2. J.
. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, 532 Cal-
ifornia st., corner Webb. — For the half-year
ending with the 31st of December. 1901. a
dividend has been declared at the rate per
annum of three and forty-two one hundredths
(3 42-100) per cent on term deposits and three
(3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free ot
taxes, payable on and after Thursday, Janu-
ary 2. 1902. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
THE German Savings and Loan Society. 520
California st. — For the half-year ending with
December 31, 1901. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Thursday, January 2,
1902. GEORGE TOURNY, Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMUVrs.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion free; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go into court.
Room 611. Examiner bldg. : phone Black 3604.
I'llOfOSAtS. "
PROPOSALS FOR PAPER FOR THE PUBLIC
PRINTING AND BINDING— Sealed propo-
sals will be received until January 3. 1U02,
at It) :M> o'clock a, m., for furnishing the
paper for the public printing and binding for
the year ending asth of February, 1UO3, the
said proposals to be opened before and the
award of contracts to be made by the Joint
Committee of Congress on Public Printing
• to the lowest and best bidder for the Inter-
est of the Government, the committee reserv-
ing to Itself the right to reject any and all
bids, as its Judgment of the best interests
of the Government may dictate.
Detailed schedules of the description, quan-
tity and quality of the paper required, accom-
; panied by samples and blank proposals, and
giving the regulations with which bidders must
comply, can be obtained by addressing F W.
Palmer, Public Printer. Washington, D. C.
The contracts will be entered into for sup-
plying such quantities of paper aa may be
needed during the year, and no more.
The estimated quantities set forth in detail
in the schedule comprise:
&5,50u reams machine-finish printing paper.
24x38.
20,000 reams machine-finish printing paper,
38x48.
36,500 reams sized and super-calendered
white or tinted printing paper,
various sizes.
31,500 reams white writing paper, various
I sizes and weights.
1 3,800 reams colored writing paper, various
' sizes and weights.
2,000 reams cover paper, various sizes and
wefghts.
50.000 pounds of best plate paper.
2(«J,000 pounds of best map paper.
1,075,000 pounds superfine (Eingle and double)
coated book paper.
3.600 reams manila paper, various sizes and
weights.
100.00U pounds bond paper.
20,000 pounds artificial parchment, various
Eizes.
4.000 pounds parchment deed.
120,000 sheets cardboard, various colors, xlzes,
and weights.
S. 100,000 sheet* bristol board, various colors,
sizes and weights.
7,900 r«;amH first-class ledger paper, white
or blue, laid or wove, various sizes
and weights. /
8,500 reams second-class ledger ' paper,
white or blue, laid or wove, various
sizes and weights.
0,400 reams tissue and copying paper.
35 reams blotting paper, any required
color and weight.
500 reams plaid, marble, comb and lining
• paper, various eizes.
800 reams typewriter paper, various sizes
and weights.
1,115 reams letter, note and quarto-post
paper.
200 reams white French folio. 17x22.
2.000 sheets parchment. 15x21.
Proposals will be received for one thousand
reams or more. , *
By direction of the Joint Committee of Con-
gress on Public Printing.
F. W. PALMER, Public Printer.
Washington. D. C..- December 19, 190L
SALE of homing pigeons belonging to the
United States Navy — There will be sold at
the navy yards, Portsmouth. N. H. ; Brook-
lyn. N. Y.; Norfolk, Va. ; Maro Island, Cal.;
Training Station, Newport. It. I., and Naval
Station, Key West. Fla., all the homing
pigeons belonging to the navy and now at tho
several yards and stations above mentioned,
about KTi pairs of breeders' and about 8<K)
fliers in all. The birds at each station will be
offered in pairs cif breeders and small lots of
tilers, and bidders will have the option of
bidding for part or all at any one or more
stations. Tho pale will be fcr cash to the
highest bidder by sealed proposals, to b«
opened at 12 o'clock noon. December 30, 1001.
at all the yards and stations on tho Atlantic
Oo-oKt. and January 11, 1902. at the Navy
yard. Mare Island. Cai. Hchedule showing
numb-.-r and kind of birds at each station, and
containing form of proposal* and terms of
>ale will be furnished upon application to
the Commandants of the several yardn nu-n-
tluned. JOHN D: LONG, Secretary of the
Navy.
BIDS Wanted— Notice Is hereby given that
6ealcd proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
lorr.la. ut lt» office, room 33. 320 Sansome at.'
San Frsnclsco, Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a. m "
bAVURDAT. December SI. 1901. and opened
J immediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
i ctrs, for furnishing and delivering quarler-
i waster and commissary guppltea for the Vet-
i trans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
! tion Yountville). for six months commencing
January 1. 1902. and ending June 30 1902
(schedules with Information and Instructions
lor submitting bids will he furnished upon
upplicatlun by the unfierstgned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it is
S tn accordance with euch schedules. Each bid.
i der mutt accompany his bid with a certified
tlieck upon some well-known and responsible
liauklng-houFP fcr at least 10 per cent of the
tmour.t of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Kinne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valiil contract upon
notice of acceptance a« required by law. The*
board r*>wrrve« the right to reject any or h\\
bids and to order any quantity over or uadcr
the amount specified.
Addresi" J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board \
> of Director* of'ihe Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13. S20 Sannnme '*t.. San Fran-
c1»co. Cal. By «»rder or the Honrd of Dlrect-
cr«. „ J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
... • ■■ - , , • ■
THE SAN FRANOISCO CALL, THIPRSDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1901.
TO LEASE.
THE new Hotel Bucna Vista, 1070 Valencia st..
between 21st and 22d, 25 rooms, all - sunny.
with large grounds, in tfie warm belt of the
"Mission: -thoroughly renovated 'throughout.
Fcr particulars apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st. ' ' .. ".
MARBI AGE LICENSES.
The followins marriage licenses were issued
yestcrOuy :
Charles M. Ashby, 21. 017 Jessie street, and
Helena 'Berg. 18,-1)17 Jessie «treet. .
Umberto Gonnella, 'Si. Occidental, and Tere-
sa Francheschi. ](!. Occidental. ■ -■
Frank G. "Marshall, - 4ft. South Vallejo, and
HedwlR Baumnnn. 38, South Vallejo. • :
i Hugh R. Holmes. 27. «40 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and MaUle Benloni 20. C2C Golden Gate
avenue. . , ■ .
Ferdinand E. Strobe!. 20. Haywards, ' and
Regina P. Hinsen. 20, Haywards.
John C. Newnes. 2(i. 6::0 Minna street, and
llattf* J. Waite. 10. two Minna street.
F. Guy Waterman. 30, Fresno, and Mary E.
Campbell, 2.1, Fresno.
Kred.L. Schllcker. "21. 2C13 Nineteenth street,
and Agatha ApfTel. 20. 2C0 Dolores street.'., i
Albert Arrelllans. 34, 246 O'Farrell street,
and Sarah Lcyva. 2-"». 24C O'Farrell street.
William Keck. 28. San Leandro, and Ger-
tnnle J. Klely. \19. city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATm
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at cither of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. ■
BORN.
ABKAHAM— In 'this city. December 15, 1901,
to the wife of Hyman Abraham, a daugh-
i ter. . - . > •
BARRY— In' U>In city. December 17. 1901, to
the wife of George F. Barry, a son. ,
" "mXrbieix
FOSTER— MELLRICH— In this city, Decem-
ber 11. 1901. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Wil-
liam S. Foster and Grace S. Mellrlch.
GRAALFS-BEHRMANN — In this city. De-
cember 15, 1001, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
John D. Graalfs and Adelheld Uehrmann.
HACKER— MATTHIEON— In this clty.'Decem-
ber 18. 1^01. at the First English .Lutheran
Church, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. Henry
James Hacker and Lillian Marie Matthlson,
both of San Francisco.
LYMBERV— BOSTON— In this city, December
16, 11)01. by the Rev. S. J. Lee. Charles H.
Lymbcry of New York and Elizabeth Wedg-
wood Boston of Santa Cruz.
MOSSMAYER— BREEDE— In this city. De-
cember 14, 1001. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
Charles A. Mcssmayer and Minnie Breede.
PAULI— KRAUS— In this city, December IS,
1901. by the Rev. J. FuendelinK. Gustav J.
Pauli and Josephine Kraus. i __^^^
DIED. T~
Allari, Jcs?iVh Mason, Fred
Bcmls. Mary K. Merwin, Ellen E.
Bird. El lee M. Meyers. Minerva-
Creichton. Sarah . - Mock. Lizzie
Crowley. Hannah Moore, Alexander
Dreschfeld. Leopold Morton. William
Fraga, Antone M. Nolan, Anna
Frazer, Evelyn B. Overmuller. Mrs. E.
Frey, John Penter, Margaret
Gibbons. James Preston, Charles W.
Gorman. James Ryan, Thomas
Heigmann. Christian Sheehan. Daniel
Jancovlch. Luca C. Smith, Mamie B.
Kuss, Roslna M. Stiegeler, Franz E.
Liljenbers, Sven Sweeney, Mary
Lynch. May E. Warren, Charles 1%.
McRae. James _
ALLARI — In this city; December 18, 1901? Jo-
seph Allarl. beloved father of Joseph, Louis
and Hermann Allari, Mrs. R. Bujannoft and
Mrs. O. von der Mehden, and father-in-law
of Mr. R. Bujannoff. Mr. Carl von der Meh-
lien and Mrs. L. Allari. a native of Geneva,
Switzerland, aged SO years and <i months.
ICT-Funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 1:30
o'clock, from the residence of Mr. R. Bujan-
noff, 710 Hyde street, between Sutter and
Post streets. Interment private.
BEMIS — In this city, December IS, 1901. Mary
Kearney Bemls, beloved wife of Dr. H. P.
Bemls, and mother of Lincoln E. Bemis and
Mrs. Leonlce H. Kelsey.
tnTNotice of luneral hereafter.
BIRD — In Alameda, December 17, 1901, Ellcj
Mabel Bird, dearly beloved daughter of Mrs.
Martha Bird, a native of Alameda, Cal.,
aged 15 years 9 months and 4, days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
home, 603 Haight avenue, corner Sixth
street." Interment Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland.
CREIGHTON— In this city, December 17, 1901,
Sarah, beloved wife of the late Charles
Crelghton, and mother of Charles E. anl
Phillip CreiKhton, a native of County Mon-
aghan, Ireland, aged 71 years. ■ -
CROWLEY — In this city, December 17, 1901,
Hannah, beloved wife of Patrick Crowley",
and mother of William, Charles and the late
Michael Crowley, a native of County Cork.
Irelard, aced 01 years. . .. _^ . .
(CT 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Theresa's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
he celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . .'..-'.
DRESCHFELD— In this city. December 18.
1J»O1, Leopold H.-, beloved son of Sophie and
the late Henry Dreschfeld. a native of San
Francisco," aged 38 years 7 months , and 19
daya.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 206H Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers.
FRAGA— In this city. December 18. 1901. An-
tone M.. beloved husband of the late Maria
S. Fraga, and father of M. Fraga, a native
of Flores, Azores, a~ed 55 years 11 months
and 18 days. . •
E7 1 Notice of funeral hereafter.
FRAZER— In this city. December 17. 1901,
Evelyn B. Frazer. oldest daughter of Rich-
ard Harrold. »
ICTFriends of the family are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral to-day (Thurs-
day), at 1 o'clock, from her father's resi-
dence, 290 Page street. Interment private.
FREY — December 17, 1901, at his residence.
S'24 Union street, John, husband of Pauline
l r rey. and father of. Miss Emma Frey and
Mrs. John Burnham, ' a native of Germany,
aced 61 years. .
GIBBONS — In this city, December 18, 1901,
James, beloved husband of Catherine Gib-
bons, and father of William B.. Joseph and
Catherine Gibbons and the late Gertrude
Gibbons, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 43
years 10 months and 7 days.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
GORMAN — In this city, December 18, 1901,
James, beloved husband of the late Jennie
Gorman, and dearly beloved father of John.
Frank and Madse Gorman. Mrs. Hubert
. Fllan and Mrs. William" Lord, a native of
Irclar-d, aged 70^ years.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2233Mr Sutter street, thence ' to * St.
Dominic's Church for services at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Crew's Cemetery.
HEIGMANN — In Mendocino i State Hospital,
December 17, 1901, Christian Heixmann, a
native of Germany, aged 43 years. . :
inTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau. 305 Monteomery avenue.
. .Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JANCOVICH— In. thi3 city, December 17, 1901,
Luca C. Jancovich, husband of Ellen Janco-
vlch, father of Maeco and Costo Jancovlch,
and brother of George and Annie Bacacovlch,
a native of Austria, aeed 77 years.
IC7" Friend's and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ■ Sunday,
December 22. at 11:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1025 Leavenworth street.
KUSS — In this city. December 10, 1901, Roslna
M. Kuss. -dearly beloved wife of. Edward
Kuss. mother of George W. Kuss, and
grandmother of Florence H. Kuss, a native
of Germany, aged 69 years 2 months and 27
! days.
L1LJENBERG — In this city, December 17,
1901, Sven Liljenbertr. a native of Sweden,
aned 74 years 9 months and 3 days.
fcTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to ' attend the funeral to-day
.(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock,' from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29
Fifth street. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
LYNCH — In this city. December 16, 1901, May
Ethel, beloved wife of the late Eugene Jud-
son Lynch, daughter of John and the late
Mary C. Burke, and sister of Arthur Burke
anl Mrs. J. 1 E. Thompson, a native of San
Francisco. .
(CJrThe funeral service* will take place to-
day (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, at- Bt.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue. Friends
are Invited to attend.
McRAK — In Woodslde, Cal., James McRae, be-
;-• loved husband of Mary McRae, and father
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.S
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
SAN BRUNO HILLS.
OFF.CE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
• *-■: 31 EDDY ■ STREET,
Telephone South 252. . San Francisco."
v No Connection With Any Other Home.-
' ' ." _ _ __• m _ . _*. . -
NEW FIKM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden. IS years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
Melirearty. with tho same company for IS
years: P. F. Green.'late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors nt 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. ., .Telephone South 44.. - .•■
Mre. A. S. Lander, Belle, JamesV William
and Asrie and the late Mrs. Mary Fenneli:
and Alex McRae. a native of Canada, aged
-'09 years and J) months.'- v. .. . * -
ICyFrlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
- fully- invited to 'attend the funeral in this
city lo-raorrov/ .(Friday),- at 1 o'clock, from
his late residence. 224 Richland avenue. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. '
MASON— In Sacramento; December : 17. 1901.
Fred Mason, a native of Germany, aged 50
years. ■ • • • • ' • • "
[E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from "his late resi-
dence. Twenty-first and T streets, Sacra-
mento, Cal.
MERWIN— In Stockton. * December 18. 1901.
Ellen E. Merwin. beloved wife of E.fL.
Merwin, daughter of Mrs. Lydla Clinger,
and mother of Laurls and Lois Merwin.
%y Notice of funeral hereafter.
MEYERS— In this city. December 16, 1901.
Minerva; beloved wife of. Captain Louis-:
Meyers, daughter of Thomas Lyons, and sis-
ter of J. D. Lyons and Mrs. L.-J. Gates, a
native of - New York City.*
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
/ (Thureday), from the residence of her sister,
Mrs. L. J. Gates, 3919 California street, at
"2.30 c'clock. Interment private. .
MOCK— In this city. December 17. 1901. Lizzie. '
beloved daughter of Elesia and the late
George Mock, and sister of George and Annie i
Mock, a native of San Francisco, aped 25 I
years 5 months and 2 days..
inyFrlends and acauairtances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of !
her mother, 117 Koe street.. Intei^nent I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
MOORE— In this city, December 18, 1901,
Alexander Moore, a native of .England, aged
79 . years. , .
MORTON — In Oakland. December 17. 1901. J
William Morton, father of Mrs. Elizabeth \
Marlon, Mrs.' Sarah J. Knight. Mrs. Annie'
Whorton, Mrs. Rachel McLaren. Mrs. Aman-
da llellara and Charles and John Morton, a
native of England, aged 83 years 9 month*
find 22 days. • '
NOLAN— In this city, December 18. 1901. An- <
' tia Nolan, beloved mother of Mrs. M. J. :
Keller, Mrs. M. E. Jones, Mrs. Sadie Mul-
verhlll and John and Thomas Nolan, a na-
tive ot Ireland, aged 70 years.
. (ryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter, Mrs. M. J. " Keller, 674 East
Twenty-seventh street, Oakland, thence to
•St. Anthony's Church,, where a solemn, re-
quiem maas will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul.. commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
OVERMULLER — In Haywards, December, 17.
1U01, Mrs. Eva M. Overmuller. beloved
mother of George F., John A. and Anna
Overmuller, Mrs. Lena Neudeck, Mrs. Ma-
- tilda Anderson, Mrs. Rose Oltman and Mrs.
Harriet Dennis, a native of Germany, aged
70 years 7 months and 13 days.
IE?" Friends are respectfully ■ invited to. at-
tend the funeral Saturday, at 10 o'clock,
from htfr late residence, B street, Haywards,
tnence .via- train to San Francisco. Inter-
ment private In Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
PENTER — In. this city, December 17, 1901,
Margaret, beloved wife of George W. Pen-
ter.
|C"The funeral service and Interment will
take place at Latrobe, El Dorado County,
Friday.
PRESTON — In this city, December .17, 1901,
Charles "William Preston, beloved father of
Harry and Walter Preston and Mrs. F. C.
Jaeger, and brother of Mrs. D. M. Stall and
Samuel Preston, a native of Ohio, aged 58
years and 6 months.
(C7Funeral private from the residence of
his daughter, Mrs. F. C. Jaeger, 22 Merritt
street, between Seventeenth and Eighteenth
. and Hattie and Danvers streets. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully invited to
attend the funeral at Madera, Cal.
RYAN — In this city, December 18, 1901,
\ Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Mary
i Ryan, a native of Ireland.
SHEEHAN — In this city. December 17, 1901,
Daniel Sheehan, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 90 years. . . .
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday),-' at 10:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.,- 767 Mission
i street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, .by
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets. - .
SMITH— In this city. December 18. 1901.
Mamie B., beloved wife of David Smith, a
native of Alameda, Cal., aged 27 years.
STIEGELER — In this city. December 18. 1901,
Franz Eugene, dearly beloved son of Mrs.
Albertlne Btiesreler. and beloved brother of
Otto, 'August and Hattie Stiegeler and Mrs.
M. Schmidt, a native of Germany, aged 24
years 1 month and 14 days.
SWEENEY — In this city, December 18, 1901,
Mary, relict of the late Morgan Sweeney,
beloved mother of Edward F. Sweeney of
Seattle. Mrs. J. E. Pharo, Mrs. H. T. Powers
of Auburn and Mrs. W. F. Armstrong, and
sister of Matthew and James Nunan. a na-
tive of. Ireland, aged 70 years. A member of
the Third Order of St. Francis.
C?" Remains at the residence of her daugh-
ter,- Mrs. J. E. Pharo. 317 San Carlos ave-
nue, between Twentieth and Twenty-nrst
streets. Notice of funeral hereafter.
WARREN — In Halfmoon Bay. December 16,
: 1901, Charles H., .beloved husband of Freda
Warren, loving son of Margaret and Charles
Warren, and brother of William Warren and
• Mrs. F..W. Hinsdale, a native of California,
aged 32 years 0 months and 11 days. ..
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10'o'clock, from the parlors
of Edw. Castagnetto & Co.. 043-45 Vallejo
street, between Montgomery avenue and
Stockton street. ' ■ "■■ _•
Shanahan Florisf Co.
*& ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS .
Prices Reasonable'. ■'. -"
107 POWELL ST.ncaaELLJS W. 5050
LEAGUE PLANS
TO GIVE A FAIR
New Methods to Swell
the Lincoln - Monu
» nient Fund.
The executive committee of the Lincoln
Monument League contemplates giving a
fair, in Mechanics'- . Pavilion probably,
early in the new year. At a meeting at
the Union League Club rooms last night
the press committee and executive board
were instructed to consider plans and re
port to the general committee, which will
meet at- the call of the chair. ,
Colonel C. Mason Klnne, treasurer of
the league, reported a recent subscription
of $100 by F. M. Smith of Oakland. The
total amount of the fund is now $3336 88.
A report was also made on the Christ
mas production, afternoon and evening,
of a play to be given in Odd Fellows' Hall
by instructors and students of the Cald
well School of Acting for tho benefit of
the fund.
Louis W. Buckley, the promoter of
street fairs and lately director of amuse
ments at the Pan-American Exposition,
was made a member of the executive com
mittee and was named. by Chairman W.
W. Stone as chairman of the press com
mittee. - •. .
The suggestion of a fair came from Gen
eral Salomon. Asa R. Wells,was present
and entered objection to the project, re
membering his own experiences with tick
et sellers during the recent municipal
campaign. However, f he was overruled
and the committee gave warm approval
to General Salomon's suggestion.
Samaritan Club at the Tivoli.
The Samaritan Social Club, an organiza
tion formed by members of -the Odd Fel
lows' with' the object of promoting social
intercourse among -the members- of the
order, gave- their first entertainment last
evening when they virtually took'posses
sion of the Tivoll Opera-house . and "Lit
tle Red Riding Hood," and gave to their
friends a merry evening of operatic music
and comic opera frivolities.. The proceeds
of the entertainment, will go. to the-Bx
celslor Degree Lodge for the purpose of
purchasing new .regaliar The Samaritans
Intend during the winter to give many
more such evenings for worthy/objects. .
Kettelman-Smith "Wedding.
Fred W. Kettelman and. Miss "Lou Fern
Smith were ' married last evening at • the
California Hotel by Justice of t the Peace
Percy V. Long. Miss Robinson acted as
bridesmaid and J. H. - Kahn of • Oakdalo
•was best man. -The bridegroom ■ holds a
responsible position with the Sperry Flour
Company. After a tour of Southern Cali
fornia the young couple will reside at 408
North Hunter street. Stockton. .
Nothing Better for Christmas
Than a nicely framed Water Color, Pho
tograph,'Pastel, Etching or Steel Engrav
ing. Everybody* Invited to Inspect these
goods, •vfrhich are'the.best in quality and
lowest In price to be found In this city,
fianborn. Vail & Co.; 741 Market street. •
" -' KNOWLES : PLEADS GUILTY.— Edwin L"
Knowles, a negro, indicted for . stealing two
treasury . warrants from ,. two discharged sol
diers on the transport Sheridan,- pleaded guilty
as charged: In the United, Status District Court
yesterday and was Ordered to appear for sen
tence'on Saturday. • . .•■».- . .-,.-.
UNITED STATES TRANSPORT THOMAS
ARRIVES FROM PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
Her Passenger List Includes Nearly One Thousand Short Time Soldiers
Who Will Remain on Angel Island Until They Are Discharged—-Re
mains of Major Belknap Who Died in Manila Also Brought Home
ps«^HE United States army transport
I Thomas ai rived from the Philip-
I pines - yesterday. . She brought
il eighty-eight cabin | passengers,
none of whom got ashore until
late, as the. vessel was first sent to Angel
Island to discharge the short time- men,
who will be paidoff there.
Those who came over in the cabin of
the Thomas were:
Captain S. B. Arnold and wife. Captain C.
Anderson, wifeNand child; Mrs. H. R. Belknap.
Mrs. Peter Carona, Mrs. G. F. Cummings.
Mrs. D. Conman and family. Miss Mary Deaay.
Mrs. R.--W. Dowdy. Captain T. Franklin, wife,
child and sister: Mrs. V. M. Fussell. Mra. J..
F. Grimes and daughter, Warren Hlnkle, Cap
tain T. B. Hacker and wife. Captain E. M..
Johnson, wife and child : Captain Arthur John
son. Miss Ella B. King. John Modrow. Dr. T.
F. Miller. Lieutenant S. D. McAllister. Harry
Nunn, Mrs. J. H. H. Peshine, Dr. C. . J.
Rowan. Lieutenant E. , M. Shinkle, Julius
Schutz. -H. T. Slme, Lieutenant J. W. Van
Dusen. J. H. Wallace, William McE. Walton.
Captain C. G. Woodward and wife. Lieutenant
J. F. Wilkinson, wife and two children: MIsj
Katharlna Yeakel. Captain D. F. Anglum and
wife, Captain H. L. Bailey. Lieutenant J. Vs.
Barnes, D. M. McChesney. Dr. W. J. Condon.
Mrs. J. C. Castner, Captain C. F. de Mey.
wife and child; Mrs. V. Emden and son. Lieu
tenant T. J. Fealey, Carl Freiberg, Captain
Vernon Hooper, L. G. Hanna. A. R. Inibrle.
Major E. K. Johnston, wife and mother; H. C.
Kirk, Miss Anne G. Linsley, Mrs. Nellie
Moody, Mn. W. A. McCord, J. F. McGovern
and wife. Cantain G. H. Preston and wife,
Mrs. William I. Patton. Miss A. E. Ridley, L.
Stephenson. Mr. Sutherland and wife. Captain
C. E. Tayman and wife. Dr. H. H. Van Kirk.
C. V. West, Dr. H. A. Wahl, Lieutenant J. C.
( Wilson and Miss L. E. Teamans.
Besides the cabin passengers the Thom
as brought up 838 short term men, 158 dis
charged men, 28 discharged civilians, 124
sick soldiers and civilians, 103 general
prisoners, 14 from the hospital force, 4
workaways and 9 stowav/ays. During the
voyage three of the sick men died. The
others were all improving when the ship
reached port. '■
The short term men. are made up Into
six companies and all of them will remain
on Angel Island until paid off, by tho
quartermaster. 1
The Thomas brought home the remains
of a number of dead soldiers and civil
ions. Among them were those of Major
Hugh R. Belknap. He was attacked with
appendicitis at Manila and died after an
operation. Mrs. Belknap accompanied the
remains. Her father, Congressman
George "W. Steele, was out to meet her.
Major Belknap was a member of the
Fifty-fourth and Fifty-fifth Congress and
during the war joined the regular army
as paymaster, with the rank of major.
His body will be sent East for interment.
. General Barnes went out on the Slocum
to meet the Thomas. His son, Lieutenant
Barnes, is home on a furlough and the
father braved a cold, miserable trip on
the bay in order to welcome home his boy.
Another passenger on the tug was Gen
eral Shatter, who went out to welcome
heme a Bakersfield friend.
The Thomas will probably dock to-day.
TO RAISE THE SAN RAFAEL.
Divers Will Go to Work on the Job
Ne±t Week.
There is now no doubt In President
Stetson's mind that the wreck of the
San Rafael has been located. Tuesday
the divers went down and brought up a
piece of machinery about four feet long.
It was at once identified by Engineer
Jones as a portion of the crosshead, and
Stetson's doubts were dispelled..
The hull of the vessel is not considered
to be worth much, but the machinery is
as pretty a piece of work as ever left a
machine shop. The "machinery alone is
worth saving, and for that reason an at
tempt will be made to raise the hull.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
The Harbor Commissioners held a short
session yesterday. The general bills' were
passed and some minor business done.
The board decided to open bids January
8 for the rebuilding of Broadway wharf
No. 1. It will be made into a structure
820 feet long by 110 feet broad and win bo
one of the finest wharves on the front.
At the next meeting of the board it is
expected that a number of changes will
be made in the water front working force.
Water Front Notes.
The Mall Company's San Juan arrived
from Panama and way ports yesterday.
She brought a • small cargo . and but f ew
passengers.
The new steamer South Bay arrived
from Port Hadlock yesterday In tow of
the tug Tyee. She is for the Dodge
Steamship Company and will be fitted
with engines here.
The Tucapel sails on the 23d Inst. for
Central and South American ports. She
will make a special call at Corlnto to land
freight and passengers. -
The overdue ship Glenericht has arrived
at Neah Bay. She stopped here for or
ders several weeks ago and was sent to
Portland. Off the Columbia River she
ran into a heavy northwester and was
driven off shore. It was feared she was
lost and reinsurance was offered. Yes
terday the Merchants! Exchange received
news of her arrival on the Sound.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest, to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The French bark Jean Bart and the German
bark Tarpenbek are chartered for wheat ' at
Portland for Europe. .
The following vessels have been chartered
prior to arrival for wheat to Europe: .
The British ship Glenericht (at Taeoma), . 33s
9d- the British bark Inveramsay (at this port),
32s 6d- the British steamer Argyll (at Taeoma),
38s; the British steamer Pembrokeshire (at
Portland), 40s. -\. „ ■ • ■
The British steamer Ventor loads lumber on
Puget Sound for Calcutta, chartered prior ;to
arrival. . ■ " •
Shipment of Grain'.
The French bark Edouard Detaille was
cleared Tuesday for Queenstowa, for orders,
with 11,237 ctls wheat, valued at $11,500, and
54 264 ctls barley, valued at $47,500. The ves
sei carried 25,000 ft lumber as dunnage, valued
at $400. . A ■- . . •
A Cargo for Tahiti.
The barkentlne Tropic Bird was cleared yes
terday for Papeete with a general merchandise
cargo valued iat $16,633. The cargo included
142 798 ft lumber, 16,620 lbs bread, 176 ctls
barley, 12 ctls wheat. 725 bbls flour, 25 bales
hay 400 cs canned salmon, S3 cs assorted can
ned'goods, 38 coils rope, 6 pUks doors, 2090 gals
distillate, 6 bales bags, 16,168 lbs rice, 17 crs
bicycles.*. 100 lbs peas, 13 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 100 lbs codfish, 045 lbs bran, 61S5
lba beans, 10 pkgs paints and oils, 150 cs soap,
1463 eals wine, 2 bales twine, 1200 lbs lard, 24
pkgs dry goods, 440 gals coal oil, -1300 lbs salt,
20 pkgs paper, 16 pkgs hardware, 23 pkgs boat
nails, 100 bdls laths, 250 bdls shingles.
The vessel also carried a shipment of Chilean
dollars valued at $3086.
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
The steamer Acapulco, which sailed yester
day .for Panama and way ports, 'carried mer
chandise for Mexico valued at $14,633;" Central
America. $54,342; Panama, $3567; Callao, Peru,
$397. The following; were the principal ship-
To Mexico — 0585 ft lumber,- 1 cs 221 gals
"wine ■ 47 ' pkgs machinery, : 27 gals whisky, . 14
nkes' agricultural implements,- 10 cs drugs,* 8
cs glassware, 17,210 lbs rosin, 10,132 lbs grease;
150 crs potatoes, CO crs onions, ■ 110 pkgs fresh
fruit, 8 pkgs fresh vegetables, 6 pkgs tank ma
terial 1800 gals coal oil, OS pkgs hardware,' 2
coils rope, 11 pkgs electrical supplies, 400 bdls
snooks, 16 cs : arms and ammunition, 24 pkgs
furniture. 6 cs canned goods, 4 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 1 cs canned salmon, 300 lbs cin
namon, 113 lbs dried fruit, ■ 10 kegs nails, 12
pkgs paints, 11 pkgs dry goods, 12 pkgs wagon
■ To Central America— 4090 bbls: flour, 15 cs
arms and ammunition, 45 pkgs beer, ' 042 lbs
bread, 150 tons " coal. .. 10 bbls cement. 8180 gals
coal oil, 120 lbs cheese. 14 cs assorted canned
goods, 169 pkgs dry goods, 113 pkgs drugs, 21
pkgs fruit,' 260 pkgs groceries and provisions,
13 pkgs furniture, ' 3 bales leather. -.7, cs hats
and caps, 128 pkgs hardware, 92 pkgs' machin
ery, 3110 lbs mlllstuffs.- 615 lbs malt, ' 9» kegs
nails, ■ 4 crs onions, 38S crs potatoes, 1.836 lbs
paraf fine, 140 kegs powder. 173 pkgs paints and
oils, 8 bdls paper, 30 coils rope. S30 lbs rice.
50.000 lbs salt. 2300 lbs spices. 46 pkgs ship
chandlery, 22 cs canned salmon. 2290 lbs soda.
640 lbs tea, 19.135 lbs tallow, 42 cs 1337 gals
wine, "08 reels barbed wire. 12 kegs staples,
113 gals 219 cs whisky.
To Panama— 525 bbls flour. 6218 lbs beans.
966 gals wine, 25 pkgs groceries and provisions,
«0 pkgs paste, 20 bales hay, 500 cs oil. 20 pkgs
dry goods.
To Callao. Peru— 4433 lbs shrimps. »
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, December 18.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, 11 hours from Moss
Landing.
•Stmr South Coast. Olsen. 14 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Scotia. Walvig, 10 hours from Bo wens.
Landins.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins. 69% hours from
Victoria. \
Stmr Alcazar, Martin. 41 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr South Bay, Cousins. 9i hours from
Port Hadlock. in tow tug Tyee.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. 25 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridgett, 32 hour* from
Ventura: ud river direct.
Stmr Washtenaw, PaTker. 83 hours from Ta
eoma.
Stmr San Juan. Robinson, 24 days 16 hours
from Panama and way ports.
U S stmr Thomas, Buford. 28 days 14 hours
from Manila, via Nagasaki 21 days 19 hours.
Nor stmr Titania, Egencs, 91 hours from
Nanalmo.
Tug Tyee. Bollat. 94 hours from Port Had
lock, with stmr South Bay in tow.
Bark Carondelet. Faze, 8 days from Port
Gamble.
Brig- Harriet G, 6 days from Grays Harbor.
Schr Ida McKay, Lethola, 3 days from Eu
reka.
" Schr Monterey, Panzer. 24 hours from Little
River.
Schr James A Garfleld, McCarron, & days
from Grays Harbor.
Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson. 6 days from
Grays Harbor*
Schr Newark, Crangle, 12 hours from Stew
arts Point.
Schr Challenger, Andersen, 7 days from Bal
lard. - •
CLEARED.
Wednesday, December 13.
Stmr Acapulco, Russell, Panama; Pacific
Mail Steamship Co.
Stmr Pomona. Shea. Eureka: Goodall. Per
kins. & Co.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregor.
Railroad and Nav Co.
Aus stmr Maria. Hreglich, Nanalmo; John
Rosen f eld' s Sons.
Bark Annie Johnson. Williams, Hllo; .7 D
Srreckels & Bros Co. - .
Whaling bark Gayhead, Fisher, whaling;
Chas W Fisher.
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, Papeete; J Plnet
& Co.
SAILED.
"Wednesday, December 18.
Stmr State of California, Thomas. San Diego.
Stmr Acapulco, Russell, Panama.
Stmr 1 Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, Eureka.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne. Crescent City,
with schr Nettle Sundborg In tow.
Stmr South Portland, Sears, Seattle.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
Aus stmr Maria, Hregllch. Nanalmo.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Ladysmlth.
. Br shlo LarKiemore, Spencer. Queenstown.
Br ship Clan Buchanan, Rankine. Queens
town.
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu.
Bktn John Smith, Wick. Port Blakeley.
Schr Nettle Sundbors, Larsen, , in tow
of stmr Crescent City.
Schr Onward. Joreenson, Coqullle River.
. Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
SPOKEN.
Nov — . lat 30 21 N, Ion 22 W— Br ship
Dovenby Hall, from Antwerp, for Oregon.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 18. 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind NE.' velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Dec 18— Br
ship Glenericht, for Taeoma. ■ .
Arrived Dec 18— Schr Okanogan, from Taku.
Passed in Dec 18 — Schr Ruth E Godfrey,
hence Dec 6, for Taeoma. •
SAN PEDRO^ — Arrived Deo 18 — Schr James
H Bruce, from Grays Harbor. ■
Sailed Dec 18 — Schr- Louise, for San Fran
cisco:, schr Emma Claudina. for Eureka.
CASPAR — Arrived Dec 18 — Stmr Gualala.
hence Dec 17.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 18— Br ship Bar
do wie, from Table Bay; Br bark Formosa,
from San Dleio.
Sailed Dec 1*— Stmr Acme, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Dec 18 — Dutch bark Pax, from Liv
erpool.
PORTLAND— Sailed Dec 18— Bark Eugenie
Fautel, for Queenstown; stmr Columbia; for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY — Sailed Dec 17 — Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
UMPQUA— Sailed Dec 15— Schr Lucy. Dec
16— Schrs Sadie and Dora Bluhm. for San
Pedro.
SEATTLE — Sailed Dec 17 — Stmr Progreso.
for San v Francisco. Dec 18 — Jap stmr Shinano
Maru, for Hongkong; stmr Rainiar. for New
Whatcom.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Dec IS — Stmr Noyo,
hence Dec 17.
TACOMA — Arrived Dec 18 — Schr Philippine,
from San Pedro; stmr Santa Ana, hence De
cember 14.
Arrived Dec 18 — Br shiD Glenerlcht, from
Valparaiso: schr Ruth E Godfrey, hence Dec 8.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 18 — Stmr Newsboy,
hence Dec 16. •
Sailed Dec IS — Schr Serena Thayer. for San
Francisco; schr Stanley, for KahuluL
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 17 — Stmr Orizaba,
for Colon. ■ - ■ •■ .
Arrived Dec IS — Stmr Advance, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
BE ACHY HEAD— Passed Dec 17— Br stmr
Hyson, from Taeoma. for London.
KUTCHINOTZU — Sailed Dec 16 — Br itmr
Denbighshire, for Taeoma.
-YOKOHAMA — Sailed Dec 14 — Br stmr
Athenian, for Vancouver. -
NEWCASTLE. Aiis— Sailed Dec 1<— Ship
Mary L Cushinsr. for Honolulu.
CARRIZAL — Sailed Deo 15 — Br bark Cum
brian, for Port Townsend.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived Dec 18 — Stmr Bovic.
from Liverpool: stmr Victoria, from Marseilles.
Sailed Dec 18 — Stmr St Louis, for Southamp
ton; stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool; stmr South
wark, for Antwerp.
- LONDON— Arrived Dec 18— Stmr Glenlochy,
from San Francisco. Coronel, etc. "via South
ampton. ■ * ■
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Dec 18— Stmr Sylvania,
f0 CHEP.BOXJRG — Arrived Dec 18 — Stmr
Deutschland, from New York. _
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Deo 18— Stmr Colum
bia, -from New York, for Algiers. Naples and
"ROTTERDAM — Arrived Deo 18 — Stmr Potts
dam, from New York, via Boulogne - .- -•—>
" SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Dec 18— Stmr St
Paul, from New York. -
VLADIVOSTOK — Arrived Dec 18 — Stmr
Queen Adelaide, from Seattle, via Taeoma. for
— Arrived urlor to Dec 18—
Stmr Indravelli, from •Portland. Or, via Muro
ran. and Yokohama: stmr Olympia, from Ta
eoma, via Yokohama.
TARIFA Passed Dec 18 — Stmr Columbia.
from New -York, via Gibraltar, for Algiers,
Naples and Genoa.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur r.t
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
' THURSDAY, DECEMBER 19.
Sun rises 7:20
Sun sets •*:&:
Moon sets • 0:31 a. m.
3 Tlmo Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
'• H W L W H W L W
19~ Fill ~i!u 12:14 1.3 6:30 3.9 11:40 ~T5
20 «:28 5.S 1:18 0.6 7:66 4.0
L "VV - H "W L Wi H W
21 0:44 2.1 7:15 6.0 2:14 — 0.1 »:07 4.1
22 1:40 2.4 8:02 6.S 8:07—0.7 10:10 4.5
23 2:35 2.6 8:50 6.6 4:00—1.111:02 4.7
24 3:28 2.7 0:401 . 6.7J 4:46 — 1.4 11:5«J 4.0
25 | 4:10| 2.7|10:35[ 6.7f 5:32[— 1.4|..... [.....
NOTE — In the above exposition of tho tides
the early morning tides are given In the ielt
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence aa to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, a*
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. 'The plane of reference Is the mean of
tha lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U..S. N., Mer
-. chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
December 18, 1901. •• " ■
" The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
bnlidlng was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
l_ e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLEY.
Lieutenant U.. S. Navy. In Charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I Prom.- - Due.
Strathgyle. .. j Hongkong v. San Diego Dec. 19
Hyades Seattle Dec. 19
Santa Rosa.. ! San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. V>
Corona | Newport & Way Ports. Dec 11>
Point Arena., j Point Arena Dec. 19
Empire j Coos Bay Dec. ls>
Tucapel i Valparaiso & AVay Forts Dec. ll>
Sequoia...... Grays Harbor ......... Dec. 20
Arcata Cobs Bay & Pt. Orford. Dec. 20
Rival hVillapa Harbor Dec. 2(1
Progreso J Seattle Dec. 21
Columbia Portland & Astoria Dec. 21
Santa Barb.. San Pedro Dec. 21
W. Kruger. . . San Pedro Dec. 21
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 21
Chas. Nelson. Seattle Dec. 21
State of Cai. . San Diego & Way Ports Dec. 22
Asuncion Taeoma Dec. 22
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 23
City of Puebl puget Sound Forts Dec. :£i
Pleiades..... Seattle Dec. '£i
Alliance..... Portland & Coos Bay.. Dec 25
8-»ntaAna... Seattle & Taeoma Dec. 25
Kelnler Seattle & N. Whatcom. Dec. 25
Nlcaria Hamburg & "Way Ports. Pec. 25
Herodot Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec. £6
North Fork . . Humboldt De«. 26
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Dec. 23
Curacao Mexican Ports.. Dec. 27
Australia Tahiti Dec. 27
Amer. Marn.. China & Japan Dec. 27
G. Dollar. ... Grays Harbor Dec. 27
Mandalay.... Coqullle River Dec. 27
TO SAIL. I
Steamer. Destination. Salhi. Pier.
December 1O. 1
Iaqua Humboldt 4 pra Pier 2S
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
New-burg. . . Grays Harbor 5 pra Pier 2
Peru China & Japan 1 pra PMSS
Czarina Seattle & Taeoma... 3 pin Pier 8
December 2O.
J. Klmball. Seattle St Taeoma. . . 10 am Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9amPierl3
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
December 21.
Empire.... Coos Bay Sara Pier 13
W. Kruger. Tlllamook Bay - 5 pm Pier 13
Corona Newport & Way.... 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
December 22.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Umatilla. .. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier. i»
December 23.
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Leelanaw.. N. T. via Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
Tucapel.... Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
December 24.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland.. 11 am Pier 21
December 23.
State of Cai San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
December 2«.
Rival Willapa Harbor .... 3 pm Pier 2
Sequoia. . . . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
December 2T.
City Puebla Pugret Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
December 28.
Alliance.... Portland & Way Pts Pier 10
San Juan.. Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
Coptic China & Japan 1 pm PMSd
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
City of Topek Skagway A Way Ports. Dec -21
Dlrigo.. Skagway & "Way Ports. Dec 22
Excelstor.... Cooks Inlet * Way Pts. Dec. 2.1
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 24
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 30
Cottage City. Skaguay & Way Ports. Dec 31
ACCUSED OF SWINDLING
MAN FROM PORTLAND
Drs. Eppy and Bohannon Arrested
for Obtaining Money by False
Pretenses.
M. E. Mulvey, a son of Michael Mulvey
of Portland, Or., now in the City and
County Hospital, secured a warrant from
Judge Mogan yesterday for the arrest of
Drs. Addie Eppy and John T. Bohannon,
12 Turk street, on the charge of obtaining:
money by false pretenses.
v Mulvey's statement is that his father
had been suffering from cancer in the
mouth and came to the city for treat
ment. He went to the defendants and
they agreed to cure him within two
months on payment of $300. His mother
mortgaged their home and came here with
the money, which wa3 paid to the defend
ants.
Michael Mulvey stopped at 12 Turk
street and his wife kept him company,
paying $3 per week for her board. At tho
end of two months the patient was worse
instead of better, but the doctors Induced
him to stay for another month, charging
him and his wife $14 per week for board
and -lodging. Still the afflicted man be
came worse. Sunday last he offered to take
back $200 and say nothing about the case,
but the doctors refused to srive him a cent
and he was taken to the City and County
Hospital, where his case Is considered
hopeless.
Drs. Eppy and Bohannon were arrested
yesterday afternoon and denied that they
agreed to effect a permanent cure.
BARNES WANTS HIS FEE FOB
FATHERING A RELIEF BILL
Defendant in Suit Holds a Poor Opin
ion of Martin Kelly as a Po
litical Factor.
The trial of the suit of former District
Attorney Barnes against C. F. Wells for
$299, alleged to be due for professional
services, was begun yesterday before Jus
tice of the Peace Long. The testimony
developed that Barnes had succeeded in
getting a relief bill through the Legisla
ture granting $5000 to Wells, who had lost
his left hand by the explosion of a can
non.
Barnes testified that in October, 1900.
Wells' father bad entered into an agree
ment with him to perform the services.
The bill, which originally called for $12,
000, was carried to Sacramento by Martin
Kelly, who handed it to a Senator at
Barnes' request. The elder - Wells told
Barnes that the bill would be defeated if
Martin Kelly had anything to do with It
and urged Barnes to go to Sacramento
himself.
Attorney H. I. Kowalsky testified that
Barnes* services were reasonably worth
J1000. Judge Long reserved his decision.
Claims He Was Assaulted.
Thomas King and Charles Brown, alias
Johnston, both of Colorado, have been
arrested by Police Officer Beach and De-'
tectlve Dlnan on complaint of ■William
Krause, a guest at' the Grand Hotel,
who claims that on Tuesday night the
two men • approached him and demanded •
money. Krause refused and says that
King struck him. The officers had a
lively time when they attempted to arrest
the men. King .and , Brown appeared be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday charged with
disturbing the peace. Krause was in
structed to swear to complaints against
both men, so as to hold them for further
investigation.
Stabs Comrade in Sack.
Sill Hestor, a ' soldier, was arrested
early yesterday morning by Policemen
McNamara and Matheson on a charge of
assault to" murder. He appeared before
Judge Mogan and hiscase was continued
till December 23. Hestor and three other
soldiers. Thomas O'Neill. Michael Honan
and James Collins, were walklnjj along
Montgomery avenue. . Hestor slappeci
O'Neill, on the back and O'Neill retaliat
ed. This angered Hestor and he stabbed
O'Neill three times in the back with a
pocket knife. O'Neill was taken to tho
Central Emergency Hospital.
Postage on Christmas Edition.
' The great Christmas edition of Tha
Call, issued December 15, 1901, con
tains 70 pages and will -weigh IT
ounces. The rates of postage an thi3
edition will be as follows:
Domestic 5 cents
Foreign ...9 cents
1112
Gift Buying
Oiir store was never more ready for your
Christmas selections— it is brilliant with display
of- Holiday Novelties — Here you will find hun-
dreds of choice and exclusiye articles that make
useful, desirable and acceptable Gifts for Ladies,
Gents and Children.
■£ V-,-
Gifts For Men
SILK MUFFLERS— hand hemstitched Ji.ooto $3.00 ea.
INITIAL LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS ...$1.50 to $3.00 box
SILK UMBRELLAS — choice handles £2.50 to $12.00 ea.
LEATHER SUIT CASES — in great variety.. .$5.00 to $20 ea.
ALLIGATOR SKIN GRIPS .$3.75 to $16.75 ea.
FITTED TRAVELING ROLLS —$4.50 to $22.00 ea.
LEATHER LETTER CASES $1.50 to $6.00 ea.
LEATHER COIN PURSES $ .5010 $2.75 ea.
SILVER MOUNTED SUSPENDERS $3.00 to $6.00 pr.
FANCY HOSIERY — novelties, box of 6 pairs $1.50 to $3.00
BATH ROBES — excellent values -.$3.25 to $15.00 ea.
SILVER BRUSH AND COMB SETS $4.65 to $9.90 set
GUN METAL— Match Boxes, Cigar Cases, Pencils, Pen
Holders, Card Cas?s, Knives, etc.
STERLING SILVER— Hair Brushes, Hat Brushes, Clothes
Brushes, Whisk Brooms, etc
Ladies' Neckwear
We are now showing a magnificent assortment of the.latest
styles in Ladies' Neckwear in Chiffon Boas, Liberty Silk Ruffs,
Novelty Chiffon Jabots, Lace^Scarfs, etc.— exquisite goods
that make acceptable Christmas* Presents.
Choice Fans Feather Boas
Fans in beautiful painted Boas made from finest se-
and spangled effects'; prices lected Ostrich plumes, in all
ranging from 75c to $10-00. colors; prices $10.00 to £69.00.
Silk Waist Patterns
. A Sensible Holiday Gift
A Gift any lady will appreciate — Made ready for your con-
venience to choose from — including the most fashionable
designs in this season's Fancy Silks.
Prices $2.OO to $6.00 per pattern
Woolen Shawls— Special at $2.50
Handsome Imported Shetland Wool knitted Shawls, in White,
Black, Blue, Gray and Red— 1}4 yards square, with fringe on
all sides—Special value at $2.50 each,
Jvpecial attention is called to our large assortment of Wool.
Silk and Wool, and all Silk Shawls— Suitable for Holiday Gifts.
Silk Hosiery Ribbon Bows
Lodies' Fine Silk Hose, em- Fancy Ribbon Neck Bows
broldered and all over lace, of moussellne taffetas, liberty
also lace and embroidered and fancy ribbons in choice
ankles, $3.00 to $9.00 a pair, colorings— extra value $1,00.
Fine Values m RiHftrdnwn Jackets
Colors: Lltjht Blue, Pink, Rose and Red •
Ladles' all wool Eiderdown Ladles* all wool Eiderdown
Sacques — double breasted-— Sacques — double breasted—
collar, sleeves, pocket and entire Jacket satin bound with
front prettily boitnd with salin sailor collar and front hand-
to match — finished with large somely trimmed with Persian
pearl buttons— Elegant value bands— exceptional values for
for J3.50. $5.00.
Glove Orders purchased here
will be honored in any dep't
Store open Evenings until Christmas
■
= Kearny and Suffer Streets f=
PIPEB ESTATE PROPERTY
IS SOLD FOB GOOD PRICE
Moses Gxupst Pays $82,000 for Mar
ket-Street Lot and Improve
ments.
Judge Troutt yesterday signed an or
der confirming the sale of part of the
real estate left by the late Allen H. Pi
per. The property brought $261,350, and
the purchasers were Marie Engish,
Moses A- Gunst. Ed Mclaughlin, John
Hammond, Simon Claybrough and
Thomas Donnelly. Gunst paid $32,000 for
a lot with improvements on Market
street, below Montgomery. Marie Engish
bought the improved property at the cor
ner of Kearny and Merchant streets for
5*o,000 and the improved property at the
corner of Third and Clementina . streets
for $29,250. McLaughlin bought the prop
erty at Bush and Franklin streets for
546,300. John Hammond paid $23,200 for
property located at Sacramento and
Front streets. Claybrough's purchase Is
located at Third and Tehama street and
cost him $18,600. Donnelly paid $7000 for
property at Bush and Larkin streets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cervtemeri
■_^^(ilove
daiivty seTcKgjs
will bo Honored in
ovor 13O. &toroS«si\
the* United States
Salesroom: 200 postst
W.M.SmitK Agervt
DR.MCNULTT7
ryms WELL-KNOWN AND RlttrABLE OLD
I Specialist cure* Blood Poison. Gonorrhoea Gleet.
£5£?%2 H'-minal Weakne*,. Impotence and tblir
•llled thsorders. liook on Diseases of Men. free
£"C f i 2 'tr*ViT xp * ri *" ce - T< * rnl * reasonable. Hour*'.
tattonfreeandsacredly confidential. C»ll oradS
P. HOSCOE McXCLTY, II. D
J86J£ Kearnyst., tsau Francisco, Cal.
TONOPAH CLAIMS
YIELD FORTUNES
Carson Jeweler Cleans
Up $86,000 Prom
Leased Land.
No estimate can be made of the amount
of wealth that is hidden in the Tonopah
mining district, according to E. B. Yer
ington of Carson City, who is spending
a few days in this city.
Yerington says that the town of Tono
pah, Nye County, Nev., has now a popu
lation of 1500 people. A. number of those
who took a chance in that district this
year have been most successful. Frank
Golden, a jeweler of Carson City, will
clean up about $86,000 on his leased claim
and Henry Cutting will make nearly as
much.
The Tonopah mining district was first
discovered by James Butler, an old min
ing prospector, who was passing through
the district with his wife. Finding rich
gold quartz specimens, he decided when
he returned; to Carson City to file on the
land. He had no money and was loaned
a small sum to pay for the recording of
the deed and for the assaying. The fame
of his valuable claims spread far and
wide and he had no difficulty in leasing
ground to others.
A Philadelphia syndicate bought 1 But
ler's entire interests last July for 5360,000.
It will take possession of the property on
the first of next month. In the meantime
those who leased the claima of Butler are
working them night and day. Under the
law they will be entitled to all ore on the
dumps at the time the Philadelphia syn
dicate takes possession.
Mr. Yerington says that there can be
no estimate of the value of- the mines, as
none of the shafts have been sunk lower
than 200 feet. Tonopah is -fifty-six, miles
from Candelaria and all supplies have to
be hauled by teams. The water In the
town is very bad; in fact, it is not fit for
drinking purposes. Tonopah Is a ■ Hvelv
town, and Mr. Yerington feels assured
that should -the Philadelphia syndicate
find that it has struck a rich mining
property a branch railroad will be extend •
ed from Candelaria.
Hygienic Exercise
Pays while you are learning. See a'.!
the latest apparatus at £tinner's, 416 Mar
ket street. •
the san francisco call, Thursday; December i9, 1901.
IMPORTANT DECISION IS RENDERED
IN FAVOR OF TELEPHONE COMPANY
Ordinance of Supervisors Placing Tax on Instruments of Corporation Is
Likely to Be Declared-Void, Owing to a Ruling Made by Montana Judge
in Suits Brought in Order to Test Constitutionality of the License Law
THE contention of the Pacific
States Telephone and
Company that the ordinance
passed two years ago by the
Board of Supervisors of. this city
placing a tax of $2 per quarter on every
telephone in use is unconstitutional Is
likely to be made good, judging by a re
cent decision handed down by Judge
Clements of the District Court of Helena,
Mont.
Suits are now pending in. the Superior
Courts of San Francisco County in which
the telephone company resists the ordi
nance of the Board of Supervisors as to
a tax on its telephones. The matter is of
vital importance to 'the company, for if
the ordinance is held. to be valid the cor
poration will be called upon to pay more
than $250,000 a year into the city and
county treasury.
The action of various Assessors "In the
State in placing a valuation of $25 to $501
on "each telephone of the company has
also been resisted by the corporation, and
In the various suits now pending the de
cisions of the courts will be affected by
the rulings made recently in Montana in
similar actions.
._-......•••• t t • __? •
HALEY'S WIFE
IS DISTRACTED
Says Her Husband Never
Secured a Divorce
From Her.
On Monday last The Call published the
romance in the life of Miss Leo Nielsen
of Berkeley, who eloped to Reno, Nevada,
with Clarence C. Haley, son of the late
principal of Heald's Business College.
Another woman says that if Haley mar
ried Miss Nielsen lie has committed big
amy.
This woman claims to be Haley's law
ful wife. She is staying at the residence
of her brother-in-law, Mr. Elllngwood, at
472 Waller street, this city. Mrs. Haley
claims that her husband was never di
vorced, that he had no grounds for ob
taining a separation, and that if he has
married again he has done so unlawfully.
Before her marriage Mrs. Haley was
Miss Jennie Crooks of Placerville. Last
night she told her stary to a Call repre
sentative, saying:
I tlrst met Mr, Haley at McCloud, A mu«
tual liking sprung up and" before we left wo
became engaged, 1 returned to my home In
Placarvllle and Mr, Haley went back to hU
work; We decided to marry, Accompanied by
a lady friend, I went to Sacramento and met
him. We were united In tha Golden EagK
Hotel by the Rev, Pr, Wilton, VPe spent a
lew month* at Alameda and later tooH up. our
residence at Upton, \
A month agr> he. qeplded to come newn tQ
th|» etiy and go to work, A« he had ft horse
and buggy, he said ha would drive down, I
tP*K the train for thi» city. He wrot» me he
was delayed and would net be able to to to
Ran FruneUco for » w»h, Thin wan dlnap*
painting, as \ expected him ta spend Thank»»
Mtvlny with me, l wa.lte<l and watted few 1\U
timing *nd eould not unclernand what ilatayti)
him. t nnurnM to IMaeervtlle, A weeh »««
ls« Fvlday t received ft leter frem him. lie.
«aUi h* im.t )Mt ills ptHilUfn and wan going i»
bet Angelet to «**k trnNoyintnt, tie wrote
Mil endearing letter. I <iut net answer U be*
e*Ai*e 1 >im not know where he would May,
The letter wan mulled st t*on Ca«m. Mr. Kl*
lin*wood nubBMuently e«me to lMtteeFVlMe.nnii
told me thftt Mr. Haley had gone away with
mim Nlelten,
the news prostrated we. t eame Immenl*
ntrly to (1. li. city to lnnk» Innulrlni". 1 learned
from Mr. Van At-sdale that Mr. Haley had not
toRt his position. 1 regret that this has hap'
pened. In my own mind t don't think he has
married MIbb Nielsen. 1 always knew th.it
she was In love with "Ned," but I never
dreamed they would do this, t am sure Mr.
Haley Is too clever to marry the girl, because
he knows he has a wife living, and Bitch a
marriage would only get him Into trouble. Mr.
Haley and I were never divorced. He has
never had any grounds on which to secure a
separation. ,
l Miss Nielsen's mother Is also very much
worried. She called upon me a few days ago
to learn whether we were divorced, and when
I told her that we never had been she wis
greatly shocked.
Miss Nielsen is a daughter of L. N. Niel
sen, a well known resident of Berkeley.
A dispatch from Reno, Nevada, received
by The Call last evening states that
Haley and Miss Nielsen secured a license
there to marry. ,
For the Writing Desk.
Leather-bound silver mounted Blotters,
Desk Sets, Ink Stands, Lap Tablets, Diar
ies, Calendars, Papeterles, gold mounted
Pen Holders and Pencils make inexpen
sive, beautiful and useful Christmas pres
ents. Greatest variety and best values at
Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s, 741 Market st. *
Hotel Guests Are Bobbed.
The operations of a clever burglar who
robbed several roomers at the Jefferson
Hotel and Garfleld House during the last
five days have been brought to the ■ at
tention of the police. The thief is de-
Ecribed as being well dressed and a fluent
talker. He represented himself as a cat
tle man from Montana. His. victims were
F. Cuttinger and "William Creedes, both
of whom lost clothing and jewelry. I
W IT'S THE REAL THING-SMART AND DRESSY Wn
Im You'll see it ivorn, by every swell drzsser I** 1
Is throughout the United States to-day'; oecortv- V*
j|» ing to every on*. Notice the pretty ciirl of the V?
m. brim of That H-it? Double the money. in hat \
. • . OF»Er»J EVENINGS. fijtB^S^* 5^
'Jr'KA P fi A E. L J- '.^\-
ffj 1 V. V \ 1 I 1 / V L v J • K^s \«\
Ak| cot. JK f&rn y *J"t. ,- &. Union Square Ave.. )sh
In the Montana litigation the Rocky
Mountain Bell Telephone Company re
sisted the action of William L. Steele,
Treasurer of Lewis and Clark County,
who sought to recover arrears of license
for two years for all telephones used by
the company in the county.
Is Part of Interstate System.
The State claimed that' the instruments
were used for local business and there
fore were. subject to taxation. The tele
phone company asserted that the tele
phones in question were part of an inter
state system of commerce and were con
,sequentlv exempt from taxation. The as
sessment, of the telephone instruments'
was also a point in the litigation.
Judge Clements, in rendering his deci
sion, held that the telephones were not
used for local purposes alone, but that
they were connected with similar instru
ments in other States and also -worked In
conjunction with telegraph companies for
the transmission of messages, j
Judge Clements ruled that the tele
phones used exclusively in business with
in the State of Montana cannot be sep
arated from its instruments used in in
terstate business. Continuing, Judge
Clements said:
Nor does Political Code 4071, subdivision 2,
as amended, make i such\ discrimination or sep
aration, but Imposes the license tax upon each
telephone Instrument in use without limiting
SHADBURNES ARE
IN COURT AGAIN
Judge Hunt is Puzzled
by a Tale of Many
" Marriages.
"Mr. Shadburne told* me he had con
sulted with his father concerning contract
marriages, and when he told me that 'his
old man' said all contract marriages were
annulled by the act of 1895 I had no hesir
tancy in consenting to become hi3 wife."
So said Anna S. Shadburne yesterday in
Judge Hunt's court in explaining why she
married L. A. Shadburne when her hus
band by contract, L. G. Carpenter, was
htill in the land of the living.
Shadburne is suing for an annulment of
marriage on the ground that he wedded a
woman already a wife. Mrs. Shadburno
is contesting the suit bitterly, for there Is
one child and she wants the question of
its legitimacy settled. Shadburne is evi
dently aware of the fact that his auit is
based on poor grounds, for his lawyers
moved yesterday for permission to amend
his complaint by charging hla wife with
cruelty, .
Mr*. Shadburne, upon learning that
her last husband Intended to rid hlmae.lf
of her in the divorce court lost no oppor
tunity to right herself In the eyes of the
law, Thovush she .believed herself to be
the legal wife of Bhadburne, »he brought
suit to eeevire, the annulment of her oon*
tract marriage, to Carpenter, The case
waa heard before Judge Kerrigan, who,
after listening for several days to Mrs.
Hhaditurne's tale of woe, annulled the
pomraot.
Hhartburne then earn* Into the courts
with hie suit, and that Is now en trial be
fore Judge liunf. Mrs. tihadburne (R will
ing enough to leave her seeend ehelee, but
•he wants the deeree, anrt has nlefl. ft
erosa.eomnlalnt to the charge of cruelty
which Bhadburne will eharga In hh
a.mended complaint
Admits Signature on Oheokp.
The ttlleeed wife ef Samuel \V. Cheyney
admitted In Judge tilo»s v Court yesterday
that during alt u\e time she was intimate
with the mining man she did not use his
name. 8ho Bald she was known by the
name of Maud Nevill, her mnlden name,
which she resumed after a divorce from
her flret hUBbntid, whose name was Jones.
This admission is the first the little,
brown-eyed woman hnB made ulnco the
commencement ot the trial of her suit for
maintenance against her alleged husband.
More than 130 letters, said to have been
written by her to Cheyney, have been
shown her and she has refused to Identify
any of them. To all queries she would
say: ' -
"That 13 not my handwriting. It resem
bles my handwriting only Just so much as
an imitation would."
At. least thirty telegrams which Chey
ney claims she sent to him were shown
her yesterday and she denied sending any
of them. ■' ■'■'■,
A number of checks sent to her by Chey
ney at various times were also shown to
her yesterday. They bear the name of
"Maud Nevill" on the backs.
"This," said Maud, looking at the back
of one of the checks, "is my signature."
The hearing will go on to-day.
Deserted on. Wedding Day.
The suit for maintenance instituted by
Laura A. Carmier against Frank B. ,Car
mier was heard for a short time by Judge
Seawell yesterday, and then as the attor
neys for the plaintiff intimated that a set
tlement of the marital troubles could
probably be arranged, the court ordered
the case placed on the reserve calendar.
The recreant .husband Is better known
as Frank Clayton. He Is an actor and for
a number of years appeared at 'the Alca
zar and other theaters in this city. He
married the woman who is now suing him.
for support on April 3, 1901, and deserted
her, so she claims, on the same day. She
testified yesterday, that she thought he
the license tax . upon ' Instruments ! used exclu
sively. In local or interstate business.
Each of the defendant company's lnstru
struments used In' this business is worth, the
sum of $9 and no more.
The . defendant company has been assessed
and has paid its property tax for city, county
and school purposes and such ' taxes included
the general tax on said instruments and the
personal property of the derendant company.
- The State of Montana and the county of
Lewis and Clark are at no expense for the
inspection or supervision of the defendant's
poles, \wires or instruments.
The Montana decision will be far-reach
ing if it is upheld by the courts of appeal,
as it bears ■ on the business of the tele
phone companies throughout the republic.
Judicial Value of Instruments.
The judicial determination of the value
of telephone instruments is the first one
to.be rendered In the Pacific Coast States
and will be an Important precedent In all
litigation wherein the telephone company
resists the assessment on its property.
In the suits brought by the telephone
company to test the constitutionality ot
the ordinance passed two years ago tax
ing each-telephone instrument at the rate
of ?2 per quarter the decisions up to dato
have been in favor of the company. Su
perior Judge Hebbard recently rendered
two decisions in favor of the company
without going into the merits of the ordi
nance.'
NEW MANAGER
AT DEL MONTE
Schonewaid Return s and
W. A. Junker Retires
From Hotel.
George Schonewaid Is once again man
ager of Del Monte Hotel and W. A. Junk
er is out. The change was made last
Saturday, Charles G. JLathrop going down
with Schonewaid and officiating at the
installation ceremonies. ,
George Schonewaid was a great friend
of the late Senator Stanford and Collia
P. Huntington. He was manager: of 'the
hotel ever since it was built until two
years and a half ago, when he resigned
and retired' to his ranch near St. Helena.
Junker was promoted : to the manager
ship.
His reinstatement comes as a great sur
prise. It is understood that Schonewaid
was appointed to tho old position about
a month ago. W, A. Junker, wl\o has
been connected with the hotel for fifteen
years, waa Informed that Schonewnld
would be again manager and that ho
could act aa Mb assistant. This did not
mult Junker and when Schonewaid took
charge of the hotel Saturday, Junker
packed hla belongings and hied himself
t« San Francisco,
Christmas Toilet Articles.
Drew Suit Cases, Manicure Betn, Trav
pllnif Rolls, Single and Triplicate Mirrors,
Comb and Rruah Sets, Military Hair
«ru«he», Collar and Cuff Boxes, These
are net extravagant arttQUa, but very
pretty and Just as aoed far style and ser
yte© aa money can buy. though modems
tn price. Call and see them whether you
wish to purchase or net, tianbern, Vail &
Co,, TU Market street, •
was new tn Alaska, whither she claims he
went with another woman.
BuBan J. Wybro w«s granted a divorce
from Harrison C, Wybro for extreme cru»
elty yesterday.
Buits f\)r divorce were flled yesterday by
Christine Hickten affainst James Henry
Hleklen, for desertion; John J. Mehegun
against Margaret Mehegan, for Intemper
ance; William A. Gregory against Louise
M. Gregory, for desertion; Ingeborg Mul
ler against Carl F. M. Muller, for failure
to provide; Mabel Mills against I. T. Mills,
for desertion; and Frederick C. Hazen
against Maria P. Hazen, for desertion.
Children's and Misses' Cloaks
ON SALE TO DAY.
We. bought this little lot of CLOAKS
.from a needy manufacturer at prtces far
below th» regular value of these garments:
materials In these cloaks are of the best
quality and newest shades In broadcloths,
kersey cloths, Venetian cloths and tricot
cloths, and are made up in the most atylish
designs of this season's latest productions.
Sizes 2 to 14 years. ■-
"We offer them to-day at the following
prices:
S2.20 for regular $3.50 CLOAKS
J 13.75 for resrular $5.00 CLOAKS.
J3.8O for regular $5. B0 CLOAKS.
94.R5 for regular $6.00 CLOAKS.
H4. 70 for regular $7.00 CLOAKS.
.110.30 for regular $7.60 CLOAKS.
$6.10 for regular $7.50 CL0AK8.
2— SKIRT 'SPECIALS— 2
CQ RT fl For WOMEN'S- GO L F
<P*«uy SKIRTS, made of heavy mel-
ton cloth, ] new flare flounce, finished with
many rows of fine tailor stitching, all
seams elegantly welted; would be rood
. value at $3.50. ■'.
CO 7 K For handsome DRESS
tJ>O» C O SKIRTS of fine cheviot or
serge; new flare effects, . trimmed with
. stitched ; taffeta or satin;.; one of the
greatest values ever offered; well worth
■ $5.f>0.
WOMEN'S DRESSING SACQUES
OC r For DRESSING SACQUES, made
UOV 'of fine quality eiderdown, military
■■. front; trimmed with silk ribbon and silk
•cords; other houses sell similar sacques
for $i;00.
QK r For DRESSINO SACQUES of all-
C»Ow wool eiderdown, fitted back, with
. large roll collar on band, trimmed with
silk cords and buttons, silk ribbon bows,
. Bacque crocheted In worsted; good $1.50
value.
NECK RUFFS^ND JABOTS
A hew lot Just received. ' The latest
novelties In liberty silk accordeon plaited
neck ruffs— elegant effects In all the pre-
vailing colors, including, frenchy combin-
ations In black and white; prices from SOc
to $9.00. •• .-. /
: Prtces and styles cannot be excelled.
OPEN TO-NIGHT AND EVERY NIGHT
'TILL XMAS.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
■ ' Between Taylor and Jones. V
:^ r^T [nj _■_ ; , g| gale**. v .
SHOP EVENINGS. ?—, — " — <
. Or mornings for comfort. But QloVC O I'd GTS
come anytime if you don't
mind the strain/ We are fixed Cashed at any of Male's
t . , . California S lores.
to give you safe, satisfactory _ ,
**. . ~ . . Its the safest and least expen-
service all the time. sive way to send a gift to your
You can help us a heap by friend in
taking small packages with itSStSn? tOt sin %5E or'
you and being sure that we *•*!«»•. Kaunas.
get the correct address i where . they issue wiH be cashed
you want the larger ones sent, q
-JB™f A Christmas Temptation.
v/ W®\ ur ca^ s arc in S otlt fine; the
(§n® variety is still complete, though another day
\ TC^ may spoil it. You won't know if you are
\^^^^. getting your little girl the prettiest style or
7tf MI paying the least money till you see what we
/^TppKil Among the more prominent values are:
\XV kjjal^ DOL.L. GO-CARTS. 45c— Reed bodies, with «teel wheels.
- DOLL. GO-CARTS, 7Cc— Fancy rattan bodies; has
'K" w. ■ parasol and rod: steel wheels»
\ « DOLL. CABS. 49c— Rattan bodies, star gear and tinned
>a\\$? 49* ' steel wheels. Measures twenty inches.
W»)fo' • DOLL CARRIAGES, O8c— Large sizes; rattan body
wc££uU?t>ty with fancy lining;, parasol and rod; steel wheels '
M^mmK^, ' DOLL CARRIAGES, 81.25-White, pink or blue enam-'
ftfS^WXffi}^ eled reed body, with fancy lining:; parasol and rod;
C'TtV lron a^Jes; long continuous handle and steel wheels.
v PxJ OTHER LINES OF GO-CARTS AND CABS la a larg*
ViJ/ * variety at all prices up to $10.00.
200 Smyrna Rugs.
First, all wool, and next in the newest floral and oriental
patterns, very pretty color effects. Next the prices, two styles: '
$1.6O—3ox6o inches. $1*95— 26x50 inches.
Can you think of anything nicer as a Christmas present for the hoose
than a Smyrna. rug? We knew a lot of you would want them if they had the
opportunity, so we put this little lot on sale this morning at these two easy
■prices',- $1.60 and $1.95.
MAY NOT USE
OTHER TRACKS
Charter Excludes City
From Market Street
Facilities.
H, P. B. Troy, MCMtary ef tho Bteh*
mend Improvement Aleutian. Appeared.
hpf»re the Supervtuera* UMMUeR Commit*
tee yesterday and dlreoted. attention to a
«eetton ot thi charter which will in all
probahiuty prevent th« city from u&lnit
street ear traeks en Market street tn
eenjunetlen with th« proposed municipal
m<nittUot\ of the i>at i y street Kmri. tt han
till along been the oitlntdh «f the Hupec*
visors that the tracks on Market street
could bo vised for a dlstanca of ten block*
urnler the charter tn order to reach tb«
the language of th« charter, however,
would *eem to bar any new owners from
using tracks now tn existence, according
to Troy's Interpretation, and apparently
gives the right to. use tracks Jointly to
existing companies only, Tho section
says:
The Board ot Supervisors shall hs>v« the
power to compel the owners of two or morn
of such roads using the same street for any
distance not exceednlg ten blocks to use th«
came tracks and to equitably divide the cost
of construction.
The City Attorney will be asked wheth
er the city will have the right to use
the tracks of the Market Street Company
from Geary and Kearney streets to the
ferry. Also whether the Board of Super
visors had the power to grant a second
franchise in 1878 to the Geary Street Rail
way Company over practically the samo
route.
Troy also questioned the right of tha
board to grant a franchise over Point
Loboa avenue, which he said is part of
the park and under the control of the
park commission.
Troy suggested that in order to obvi
ate any possible legal entanglemen tho
proposed . route be changed to run from
Geary street up to Grant avenue to Pine,
thence down Pine to Market to the fer
ry. Under the State' law the city would
have the right to use five blocks In con-
Junction with other roads.
The committee requested City Engineer
Grunsky to report upon the best route
to extend the Geary street line south of
the park to Nineteenth avenue, instead
having the extension run north of the
park along Fell and Shrader streets.
Russell L. Dunn submitted to the Utili
ties Committee a modified plan and esti
mate of the cost of construction of the
plan, heretofore suggested, In connection
with his proposal to sell to tho city tho
Visitacion Water Company properties,
and other water and appurtenant prop
erties, including what is known as the
Giant Gap water supply. The modifica
tions of plan are:
The substitution of two main pipe, lines from
the Rosevllle reservoir to San Francisco, hav
ing together a maximum capacity of 60,000,000
gallons dally, In place of one pipe with a maxi
mum capacity of 45,000,000 gallons dally.
The addition of a supplementary reservoir
on the pipe line near the city, having a ca
pacity of storage of about 2.000.000,000 gallons.
■ The object of these modifications is to
make the plan and cost of the Giant Gap
water system compare more directly
with the Tuolumne project of the City
Engineer and tho Board of "Works.
Dunn produces figures to show that tho
Giant Gap system would cost $3,189,139,
after the capitalization of the reasonable
earning: of its surplus water power, as
compared with $38,206,200 estimated for the
Tuolumne project by the Board of Pub
lic Works and City Engineer.
DEMTTRBEBS OF WATER
COMPANIES OVEBItTJXED
Suit Instituted by City to Becover
Delinquent Taxes Will Go to
Trial.- '
Judge Seawell yesterday overruled tho
demurrers interposed by the Contra Costa
Water Company and the Oakland Water
Company to the suits brought by thla
city to recover delinquent taxes.
When the suit waa first instituted th«
defendants demurred to the complaint on
the ground that it did not state a suffi
cient cause of action, and that it was
ambiguous. J The demurrer was sustained
by Judge Seawell. who. however, granted
a motion for leave to file an amended
complaint. The demurrers overruled yes
terday were on the same ground as the
demurrers, to the original complaint. The
amended complaint, however, was not
faulty, and the matter will now come uo
for trial. - ••..-'
The Oakland Water Company Is being
sued for delinquent taxes amounting to
$9780 50 and the Contra Costa Water Com
pany for $14,670 50.
Statuary, Lamps and Screens.
"We have a select line of moderate priced
Statuary, Screens, Lamps, Onyx Tables
exclusive designs and best values in the
city. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 711 Market st. •
=\ w^^ ih^H!1>_5
CHRISTMAS SPECIALS
WB I ABO *RB*ARBD TO PHOW TTOD
?HL.* ND MOaT CABCTUIXY »».
WCCTfiO HQUDAT XmuaHT8 TO
BO FOUND IN tAN FRANCISCO,
JliSf^^i 08 * AIUB ooox> «««• X
1 tituarji.vfl, s»
French Mixed Candy, l-lb box^3Oc
Christmas Candles, 3 boxos 25c
AH ititi,
H.«uUr»ir 10* * b(O.
Stuffed Dates, pkg too
DAtM ItUfttd with
almond*, w»lnuta and pceans.
Mincemeat. . . p if6i* r W? •flW
Atmorl'a PblUdttphta->flnest m»j«.
Mixed Nuts, 2 lbs 25c
This icaaon's cholceit aut»,
Regularly 3 Ibi. 6O0. ; .TT
Cranberries, 2qts 25c
Fancy Caps Cod oranb«rrlta.
Regularly 60o a callon.
Sweet Wines, bot .25c
v-;-^ Oalloa fl.OU
Port. Sherry, Angelica and Muscat.
Chotca California wtnei.
Regularly 40c and $1.00.
Clam Extract, tin.. IQc
Most excellent for clam broth.
Clam soup, clam chowder and fritters.
Rosebud Whiskey- -bot 90c, gal S4^
Th« highest prada produced -
In America. Regularly $1.25 and 13.00.
The Ideal Coffee Pot—
Handsomely nickel-plated.
A present every housewlfa
will appreciate.
2 Plnta. $1.10; 3 pints, $1.20; B plats. $1.83;
7 pints. $1.50.
Havana and Key West Cigars—
All the leading brands put
«P f-ttractlvely for Xroas glftj.
12. 25 00 and 100 In a box, rangta*
from 00c to $10.00.
_ A grand display of TREE ORNAMENTS.
CHOCOLA I f E 8 na LOWNET ' S CELKBRXtED
OPEN EVEinNGS.
Country order* given prompt attention.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5522.
NOTICB.
GEORGE- MATERLB, in» German Exoert
OpUdan 1071% Market wtr~UiS!?Bin£x£
does not travel or vialt cl^es outside of San
Francisco, neither does ha employ any opti-
cians to represent him.
OFFICE CHIEF OP POLICE.
' . ##It "J 1^ 89 , 1 ? 8 much pleasur* to recommend to
the public Mr. Oeorso Ma7erl« of San Fran-
cisco. I have been using glasses for th» past
four years, and during that time have consulted
several opticians, but not until I consulted Mr.
George Mayerla and had him lit rlaaaes to my
eyes did I jcet entire satisfaction. MostN<«-
Bpectfully, j, u. ANDERSON, -V"
"Sergeant of Police. San Francisco.*'
NEW SIGHT FOR XMAS.
Make a present' that will b*
RJJ^^-^^w^ highly appreciated for
MANY YEARS TO COME.
HS^a\ t Mayerle's Superior Quality
v>mj Eyeglasses are the only ones
\» Indorsed by the highest 17. S.
Army, Navy and Government
officials. Will be sent by express, with privi-
lege of trying them before paying any charges.
Prices $5. $10 and $15. When ordering stats
age, occupation, also whether glasses are want*
«d for reading or to see off. GEORGK
MATERLE, Graduate German Expert Opti-
cian. 1071^ Market, near Seventh. San Fran.
Cisco. Tel. South R72. German Eye-water. BOc.
Send money to George Mayerle and receive v
an Order for one pair of Mayerle's Superior
Quality Eyeglasses. Such a present can
NEVER BE FORGOTTEN. .
WHIPS, ROBES, BLANKETS
FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Novelties— many of them Im-
ported—all new— most any price. ,
STUDEBAKER RBOS COMPANY
OF CALIFORNIA.
Market and Tenth Sts.
CAMP OCEAN ROAR. l Ituate<1 J a To^l"
Vrtiui vvlhu nuiiB- Bay; good accomnto-
dlatlocs for camping, hunting, fishing and boat-
ing. Cottages and tents. Cottages S2 BO per
week: board $ft CO per week. Boats SOc a «**"■
I WM. ARCHER. P. O. Tomales. f»l