Continued on Page Two.
Continued on Page Two.
', •¦- > . ¦ .-¦,.¦." '. ¦-.'¦-:.• ¦ . : .--'-^.::-'i . - ' ' .
GALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W-'. Sept., ll.-^-There
is : reason . to -believe, that"; other^.an
archists stand ready to complete the
work of " Czoleo&z ' If the . President recov-'
ers. '; This fact will be established j if all
the ramifications of the conspiracy to kill
the President can : be brought - to light.
READY TO COMPLETE
WORK OF CZOLGOSZ
Penny was not on any special point. He
merely came; to me to tell ! me ] what 'pro
gress was being made in completing plans
for the prosecution."
' "Is'there any probability; that this Gov
ernment will co-operate with other, gov
ernments for the purpose of stamping but
anarchy ?". was: asked. * : ... '. ;
"I have not heard of any such plan," re-
plied Root.
Root, whose ability; as a lawyer other
members. of the Cabinet have the utmost
confidence' in, has taken a leading part in
deciding upon plans . for. the prosecution of
Czolgosz.Vand j has j been , done ¦ in
regard to. the matter without his ap
proval. ¦,..'¦ •
To Remove ¦ Goldman.
_, The police <; have • taken the preliminary
steps necessary,' to c secure' the requisition
of Emma.Goidman,. and.it' is" understood
that application : for her removal, to this
State will go ¦¦ forward : . to' ; the Illinois
authorities as "quickly 'as the v formalities
can be complied . with.*" Other "than signi
fying their 'general intent :" the police keep"
silent" as to ' the- course '.that ' they plan I to
follow, and the'exact nature of the charge
to ' be : made | against : the^Goldman woman
has not yet'been disclosed.'. "/ x »":,'. V '':\
tlon of Czolgosz, outlined for the first
time to-day the method of s procedure
which will be followed in the punishment
of the President's assailant. •
"The prosecution will take the usual
course," said Root. "The man' will be in
dicted by a regular grand jury and will be
tried at a special term of the Supremo
Court of this State. There is no founda
tion for. the reports that an extraordinary
grand jury will be drawn: If there should
be requisitions from other States these
also will follow the usual method of pro
cedure., That is to say, the accused per
sons will be first indicted and then the re
quest will be made upon the authorities
of the State in which they may be to per
mit them to be brought here for trial. Of
course, Czolgosz will not be presented for
indictment until the full extent of the
President's injury is known." '
Secretary Root's Work.
" "Is it the prevailing opinion of members
of the Cabinet that others than Czolgosz
were' connected in the attack?" was
asked. * . •':. '• -. •, .' .: *>.v?. '.
• ' "It appears that the newspapers have
more information upon this point than we
have," replied \ Root "in •&>'¦. non-committal
tone, "ily talk with ¦ District Attorney
he was lucky to get away alive and he
was right.
- "Yes. Czolgosz was tortured. He was
given rigorous treatment, and it is prob
able that he will be tortured again. He
has not told all that he knows. This is a
peculiar case and it demands peculiar
treatment. I believe that the public will
uphold us in using force to bring the en
emies of society to justice."
Superintendent Bull added:
"It has been previously beyond any
one's denial that a number of known an
archists, including Emma Goldman, met
by prearrangement In Buffalo and talked
with Czolgosz at different ¦ times a very
short time before the effort was made on
the President's life.
"It Is known that others had. fore
knowledge of the intention of Czolgosz to
assassinate President McKinley."
Czolgosz is in a filthy condition, having
been neither shaved nor washed since his
arrest. His guards refuse . to reply -to
questions, and the assassin thinks the
President is dead. .
Secretary of War Root, after a confer
ence - with other ¦ members of the . Presi
dent's Cabinet who are in the city and
after talking j with District Attorney
Penney, who has charge of the prosecu-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUFFALO, Sept 11— It is not de
nied by the police of Buffalo,
except In a perfunctory manner,
that Czolgosz has been tortured
since his arrest. There axe not
many In this"* country who will
protest against the use of the famous
"third degree" in this case. The confes
sion, which Is now In the hands of Dis
trict Attorney Penney, was forced from
Czolgosz by torture.
When the would-be assassin of the
President was first taken before Superin
tendent Bull he was asked to tell how
he came to make an attack upon Presi
dent McKinley.
"I will not talk/' said Czolgosz. "I will
not say a word." .
Superintendent Bull looked at the pris
oner, then turning to two stalwart guards
who had brought him in, said: "Take him
away."
It is not known that any sign was given.
Neither Is It known that the policemen
had any authority for their strenuous ac
tions, but -when Czolgosz was again
brought before Superintendent Bull he
was glad to- confess. ;
"Did you give him the third degree?"
One of the policemen who handled Czol
gOEZ repeated the question. "He got the
-CZS*jp4S&ri degree. I- cannot tell you
z.~7tr,x inf d'jne to him, but sufficient was
done t*>- persuade him to talk. He thought
B—— UFFALO, Sept. 11.— The condi
tion of the President continued
to be favorable throughout the
day, and nothing occurred to
shake the faith of the attend-
Decided Benefit Follows.
"Decided benefit followed the dressing
- ing surgeons, and the physicians
have expressed the opinion that % he will
recover. The danger from two 'sources
was pronounced practically over to-day.
The holes , In the stomach proper caused
by the perforation of the bullet are now
considered healed by Dr. McBurney and
his associates, and the eminent surgeon
pointed to the fact that the beef juice,
fed to the patient last night, was readily
digested as proof of this. Sufficient tima
has also elapsed to warrant the doctors
in asserting that danger of inflammatloa
where the bullet lodged has disappeared.
It Is believed that the ball has now be
come encysted in the muscles'* of the back,
and unless it should prove troublesome
later there will never be any necessity
for removing It.
The . attention of the physicians is now.
therefore; mainly directed to the care and
treatment of the wound caused by the
Incision made In the abdomen above the
navel, where the operation was per
formed. This wound is progressing satis
factorily.
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF MEETING OF THE CHICAGO GROUP OF ANARCHISTS 'AND SOME OF THE MOST CON
SPICUOUS DISCIPLES OF EMMA GOLDMAN,. WHO HAVE BEEN ARRESTED ON THE CHARGE OF BEING
ACCOMPLICES OF CZOLGOSZ, THE ASSASSIN WHO TRIED TO KILL THE PRESIDENT.
Decided Benefit Follows
Reopening and Dress
ing of the Wound
Prisoner Kept in Ignor
ance and Believes
His Victim is Dead
Physicians Continue to
Observe Most Favor
able Improvement
Finally Decides to Tell
of the Plot on the
Life of the President
CZOLGOSZ
YIELDS TO
PRESSURE
PRESIDENT
WILL LIVE,
THEY SAY
VOLUME XC-NO. 104.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURgDAY, SEPTEMBER 1 3, 1 901.
POLICE OF BUFFALO TORTURE THE PRESIDENT'S ASSAILANT AND COMPEL
THE MURDEROUS ANARCHIST TO CONFESS THAT HE HAD MANY ACCOMPLICES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Continued From Page One.
BEADY TO COMPLETE THE WORK
Continued From First Page.
PRESIDENT WILL LIVE THEY SAY
MAN WHO FIRST AIDED PRES
IDENT AFTER SHOOTING,
AND ONE OF DOCTORS.-
To;get a hew clock when- the old. one -no
longer satisfies.: Now is the. time to se
cure our charming ¦ styles of gold clocks,'
which possess a matchless « finish,', to be
seen only in our latest importations. San
born..Vail &. Co.. 741 Market. street.- *
Well," It's Time
' ; In the great calamity which has fallen upon
you and the American people we beer most re
spectfully, to offer you our kindest wishes and
sincerely hope that ' the health and strength
which has enabled you to so successfully -guide
the ship of. state will speedily, -return to you.- .
.'•-, George "W. Newhall. in his official ¦ ca
pacity of -president of the Chamber of
Commerce, has "sent ; thel following con
gratulatory telegram to President Mc-
Kinley:
Best Wishes for the President.
V When Weber reported " for v work the
other workmen In • his department of ' the
factory left the room and told the superin
tendent that they would • not' work with
the man. Weber denied that he > was an
anarchist. The police have notfound him
to serve the warrant.- - . . : •
D ANBURY, : Conn.'; Sept. 11.— A warrant
for breach, of the peace was issued to-day
for, the arrest of Albert Weber, .who,.it;ls
alleged, declared, yesterday at the .factory
of T.C. Millard & Co.. where he was em
ployed as a hatmaker." that "he knew be
fore the shooting occurred' that 'President
McKinley was to be assassinated. ¦ —*SWJ»!
W ARRANT - IS ; ISSUED
TOR ALBERT WEBER
CHICAGO. Sept.' 11.— The Chicago. police
to-night have sent. urgent messages to. the
authorities at ¦ Buffalo, asking them to
take action \ which will enable the police
here to hold, the. anarchists now in cus
tody. - Demand ¦-¦ after .' demand has ¦ been
made that either .proof of complicity In
the attempted : assassination of the Presi
dent or requisition papers be forwarded.
The Chicago police say that 1 they will not
be able : to hold- the anarchists ' after .'Fri
day .morning, unless the Buffalo authori
ties take : some. steps in the matter. ~
- eThe only « answer to the requests of the
local .officials has/been that, a letter with
full particulars was on the way from Buf-
• AN ABCHISTS MAY y • ¦
GET THEIR LIBERTY
Chicago Police in a Quandary on Ac
count of Lack of Evi-
- Resolved,' That- this lodge of Englishmen de
sires to record Its horror and detestation of
the dastardly attack made by a ruffian on the
honored and beloved President of the^UnlteO
States, Its profound sympathy with the Presi
dent in- bis suffering- and weakness, . and itn
earnest prayer that It may please God to re
store him -to his family and the nation. .
Englishmen Send Their Sympathy.
At a meeting of Pickwick Lodge No. 259
of, the order of the. Sons of St. George,
held at the Red Men's Hall on the even
ing of Monday, September 9, the following,
resolution was unanimously adopted:
MONTREAL, Sept. 11.— Since 'the at
tempt upon the life of the President there
has been much disquietude in Canadian
police circles over" reports] that "a 'similar
attempt might be made on the Duke of
Cornwall and York during his approach
ing ikhA t0 S hls countr y- To prevent the
possibility of any such occurrence extra
police precautions will be taken, and a
special force of-men .under the- direction
of -F h i.t f , Sherwood of the Dominion. police
and Chief Detective Carpenter 'of Mon
treal will be detached . lo watch over the
safety of the royal party during. Its pro
gress through the Dominion. That there
are people prepared to make an attempt
on the> life -of the heir apparent to the
British crown, is shown, by a letter re
ceived by the City; Clerk of Montreal to
day. The letter is written In -Italian and
covers twelve sheets of note paper. -V- -.v
The writer signs himself. Giovanni Cob
bioni, and states that he U a "public bena-
PLOT TO ASSASSINATE
HEIB TO BRITISH CROWN
Canadian Police Taking Extreme Pre
cautions to Protrct the Duke of
Cornwall and York.
: * When Attorney ' Brown learned of Judge
Chetlain's decision not to hear the habeas
corpus cases of the local -anarchists till
Friday •he notified Miss Goldman that he
had concluded .to await the action of
Magistrate , Prindiville 'In the .matter of
bail before taking : ; action ' in the : upper
COUrt.-r .: - ¦- • • . . ..- •¦ ' •-• ..-¦: : -
" CHICAGO, ..Sept.' -11.— Abraham . Isaak
and '.the eight men arrested with him as
Anarchists will be held until next Friday
without bail. On that day at 11 o'clock
-JudgeChetlain.isitting in chancery in the
Supreme Courts will hear arguments on a
writ -of habeas corpus presented' him to
day, by their: attorneys, ¦ Leopold ; Saltiel
•and -.C- TV- Brown. • .
NO; BAIL. IS ALLOWED
y- TO ALLEGED ANARCHISTS
Isaak and the Men Arrested With
. Him- Are Held by Chicago :
¦' ','¦:':''. .: ¦ Police, i. >V-: *
LONDON, Sept. 12.-The London an
archists, according to the Daily Express,
are trying to arrange a lecture tour in
Great Britain for Emma Goldman during
the cominsr winter. . -
Lecture Tour for Emma.
Chief O'Neill had an hour's interview,
with him this afternoon and at Its "con
clusion announced that there seemed to be
no • reason ¦. for holding -the voluntary
prisoner. ¦ ! - - ...
CHICAGO, Sept. ll.-Edmund Wolczy
skl, -frightened at a: newspaper story
which" connected his name with that of
Leon Czolgosz,; to-day gave himself up to
the local' authorities/ He said he had
known Czolgosz in ' Cleveland; : that ¦ he
"knew members of the latter's family.'-. He
was recently in Buffalo, but left there for
Chicago before •' the " attack on • the Presi
dent was made. ... : . ¦: ' '¦ ¦
EDMUND WOLCZYSKI
GIVES HIMSELF UP
Surrenders to the Police, but They
" Find No Causa to Connect Him
> v^"~.^ . With CTime.
-BERLIN, j Sept. 11.— Public . interest In
Germany in the recovery of President Mc-
Kinley is unabated. The papers are filled
With dispatches regarding his condition
and withrcomments upon the enormity of
the outrage. . v. .'
Interest in Germany.
LONDON, Sept. 12.— "Taffai, a danger
ous anarchist ,and friend of" Brescif has
been expelled .from Switzerland," says ' a
""dispatch from' Geneva to the. Dally' Ex
press. "He asserts that he' intends to
: proceed to the United States."
Expelled From Switzerland.
County officers have the colonists under
surveillance and are endeavoring to learn
how closely .they .are 'Connected with
Eastern organizations now being investi
gated by Government agents.' 'Y . .
Leaders' of the colony do not hesitate to
declare that . Czolgosz was justified In
shooting President McKinley. They claim
it was no worse than the shooting of the
i'llipinos by American soldiers. Two
years ago Emma Goldman visited Puget
Sound and was heard by many . persons
now members of this colony. The news
paper organ of the colony is called Dis
content. *¦¦-., .' ¦ • : "...-.- !
TACOMA, Sept. 11.— Since the shooting
of. President McKinley attention Is being
given to a large colony of anarchists and
free lovers in this county. The colony is
made up of anarchists who 'have attained
more or less prominence in Chicago and
Northwestern cities. Among them is
John Pope, who four years ago was jailed
in Portland for sending obscene literature
through the mails. Another is Lois Wais
brooker, a woman more than 70 years old,
formerly of New York, who loudly de
nounces what she calls the present sex
slavery of women. She prints a paper
called Clothed With the Sun, in which she
advocates free love. . - t , :
FREE LOVE COLONY
UNDER SUBVELLLANCE
Tacoma Anarchists Declare the Shoot
ing of the President Justi
• liable.
CASPER, Wyo.; Sept. U.-Hans Wag
ner, '..who is said to , have , expressed sym
pathy with | Czolgosz, was to-day tarred
and'feathered and ridden outof .town on a
rail.'i- The citizens, who I did this warned
Wagner that if he should - return he
would be lynched. .
Wagner was knocked down and beaten
until he became unconscious last night by
men who declared they heard him say
that President McKinley got what he de
served : and . he . (Wagner) ..was , glad of it.
This morning Wagner denied that he had
made the statements : attributed to him,
but the indignant^ citizens decided that the
evidence against him was conclusive.
Many proposed to hang him, but it was
finally agreed to ride him out of town on
a rail after administering a "coat of tar
and feathers, and- this was done.
GIVEN TAR, FEATHEKS
AND RIDE ON A BAIL
Man Who Said He Was Glad the Pres
ident .WasjShot Is Speedily
5 . -. . : ! -Punished. . .. T;
LONDON. Sept. 11.— United States Km
bassador Choate to-night received the fol
lowing.message from King Edward, dated
Fredensborg, Denmark:
"Delighted to hear your last and very
satisfactory report regarding President.
Sincerely trust convalescence may soon
be announced." ¦
King Edward Delighted.
Wellington Is Expelled.
BALTIMORE. Sept. 11.— At a meeting
to-night of the board of governors of the
Union League of Maryland resolutions
were adopted expelling Senator George
L. Wellington from membership in the
organization. The resolutions, after re
ferring to the attempted assassination of
President McKinley by Czolgosz, state
that "the people of Maryland have
learned with shame and loathing that
George L. Wellington, a representative of
this State in the Senate of the United
States, has countenanced the act of this
traitor to his country and enemy to. man
kind by. his repeated and public expres
sions of indifference to the act or its re
sults." . -i-*"--.: :.- :_:
The resolutions order that the Senator
be expelled in consequence of these state
ments.
BUFFALO, Sept. 11.— Many persons as
sumed just after the attack on the Presi
dent that as he would at least be pre
vented from discharging the duties of his
office for a period of several ' weeks and
perhaps months it would necessitate call
ing upon Vice President Roosevelt to act
in his place until he had recovered.
Members of the Cabinet never had any
Idea that the Vice.- President would be
called upon, excepting in the case of the
death of the President or his permanent
inability to act.
Secretaries Root, Hay, Hitchcock and
Wilson met yesterday morning in the Mil
burn house and after remaining together
for an hour adjourned to" the Sprague
residence, which .is near at hand, .for
lunch. They remained there until nearly
3 o'clock before, making another call at
the Milburn house. They discussed
thoroughly the situation as it exists and
various matters of state which require
attention in several- departments of the
Government. They agree that it- would
be useless for them to remain in this
city, especially in view of the fact that
the' physicians haye asserted that-abso
lute quiet is necessary- for - the Presi
dent's recovery, and that he will not be
able to discuss administration affairs for
two or three weeks at least. It is under
stood that the President has Indicated
that he would feel easier If he knew his
Secretaries were in Washington.
ROOSEVELT IS NOT
LIKELY TO CONTEOL
Cabinet Officers Have Not Seen Ne
cessity for Calling on the
Vice President.
LONDON, Sept. 11.— Prince Krapotkin,
the Russian revolutionist, In an Interview
to-day with a representative of a news
agency on the attempted assassination of
President McKinley, characterized Czol
gosz as a "common murderer" and said
he should be dealt with as such. He re
fused to express an opinion on the polit
ical significance of the anarchist's act.
Enrico Malatesta, the Italian refugee,
said: . .
"There is no reason for such an act in
a country like America. It will bring more
trouble to the innocent than to the guilty,
as in the case of Spain and Italy after
the anarchist outrages there a few years
back."-
CALLS THE ASSASSIN
A COMMON MTTBDEBER
f actor and does not wish an Italian- name
to be smirched by any more assassina
tions. He declares he j has Information
that twelve anarchists from Paterson,
N. J., have arrived in Montreal with the
avowed purpose of murdering the Duke
of Cornwall and York. Their intention,
he declares, is to throw a bomb at him as
the procession is starting from Viger
square through the city. The civic of
ficials are inclined to regard the letter as
the concoction of some individual desir
ous of getting up a scare, but the letter
was sent to the police for investigation,
and every precaution will be taken to see
that- no suspicious characters approach
the royal party during their visit to Mon
treal.
CHICAGO, Sept. 11.— While city officials
are having their own troubles concerning
the disposition of Emma Goldman and the
probability of the Buffalo authorities be
ing able to take the woman off their
hands within the next twenty-four hours,
the Federal authorities in Chicago are
also considerably worried about her.
It is known that to-day a long cipher
dispatch was received here, coming it is
said direct from Attorney General Knox
and giving an opinion concerning the
right of the to hold her un
der .the present Federal statutes which is
the reverse of satisfactory. It is believed
that the Federal officers are not by any
means ¦ certain that she can be kept in
custody by. them on any- charge whatever.
Captain Porter of the United States se
cret service has had two of his men con
stantly among her friends here since
Tuesday night. He has collected a large
number of - her letters, written by her
from various points since the beginning
of. the month. All of these seem to prove
that her deposition made to the police, at
least as far as regards her travels about
the country, is correct."-
OFFICIALS- PUZZLED
OVER GOLDMAN CASE
The President continues in excellent
spirits, but he confessed to one of the at
tendants to-day that he was getting lone
some. He requested that he be placed in
another bed. -A depression .had. formed
in the mattress on which he had lain since
he was taken to the Mllburn house and
had caused some discomfort. Another
bed was provided, and •. this evening he
was carefully moved from one to the
other without difficulty. He has asked
several times if there was any news which
he should know, but inquiries, especially
about public matters, are discouraged,
and the rigid inhibition against the ad
mission of any one except his wife and
faithful secretary has not been relaxed.
It is now virtually decided 'that no at
tempt will be made to remove the Presi
dent to Washington until he has com
pletely recovered, and in a general way Jt
can be said that there is no likelihood
that this will be before October. The phy
sicans have all agrqed that no attempt
should be made to take the .President to
Washington while the probability of an
oppressive hot spell in the capital city
remains. ¦.-'¦.-. • -. . ¦
Mrs. McKinley displays the same forti
tude she has shown since the tragedy oc
curred. She went out for a drive again
to-day and appeared bright and cheerful.
The : five members -of the Cabinet who
are here talked over pending public ques
tions for over an- hour to-day at the
Glenny house, adjoining the Milburn res
idence, but it is said that.no action re
sulted. The South American situation was
gone over, and there -was an exchange of
opinion regarding the legal phase of the
case against the would*be assassin. It
was stated again in the most positive
manner that there is ¦ no conflict of - au
thority between the State and Federal
authorities for the possession of the pris
oner. • . t. • , :
After this afternoon's bulletin, Secre- '
tary.frHay announced • that f he ' felt war
ranted - in i leaving for Washington, and
he left to-nJght^or the capital. ,
Patient in Excellent Spirits.
of the wound last night," the doctors say
officially.
Another milestone passe'd on the road
to recovery was the issuance by the phy
sicians to-day of figures showing the res
piration .variations in their official bulle
tins. '.-'. ...Y -¦>-"-.¦•: •':...• •. \ ¦¦• . :• ¦. .-. ..
The President ; now breathes deeply and
normally and, the addition of the,respira
tion recorded. to the bulletin. was consid
ered valueless. -The President's pulse was
slightly accelerated in the afternoon, but
the change was not deemed material and
his temperature remained practically sta
tionary at 100.2 from daylight until dark.
The evidences of improvement were the
President's keen relish' of the beef juice
given him during the night and the in
crease in his allowance of from one to
three teaspoonfuls,- anu also the fact that
the wound Is becoming "more healthy,"
Dr. McBurney explained this afternoon
that the slight Irritation still remaining
should pass, away within the next twenty
four hours.* "-"•¦; -
| SILVER CITY, X. Mex.,;Sept. 11.— The
preliminary hearing of Antonio Magglo,
the anarchist, who is. said to have pre
dicted the shooting ,of President McKin
ley, will occur before United States Com
missioner Newcomb Saturday, September
21. Deputy United States Marshal Fred
Formoff to-day swore out the warrant for
his detention, charging him with conspir
acy to kill in the United States. -— -. «
Antonio Maggio was born on the island
of Sicily, January 2, 1877. With two broth
ers he came to New Orleans, at which
point and at Baton Rouge he lived for
three or four years, going from there
north, traveling with' circuses and theatri
cal companies. It was ( two years ago the
summer of 1S99, when he claims he^ot his
first lesson in anarchy in Kansas Citv
Mo., where he heard Pedro Revochio lec
ture on the subject of anarchy and re
ligion. He denies statements credited to
him here and elsewhere relative to pre
dicting the assassination of the President
and the Emperor of Germany. Maggio has
a brother in Leaven worth, Kans., and one
in New Orleans. ¦•.•,>,
Antonio Maggio Says the Reports
Circulated About His State
ments Axe Untrue.
DENIES HE PREDICTED
McKINLEY ASSASSINATION
"Usually we gel a large number of let
ters from cranks every time the President
goes to a place," said Chief Wilkie, "but
we did not get even any crank letters be
fore the President went to Buffalo. We
Investigate practically all the warnings
and intimations that come here, no mat
ter how convinced we may be that they
are from irresponsible persons and we
would have . made an investigation this
time had anything been received."
Chief Wilkie said to-day that so far he
had not secured any evidence tending to
show that the anarchist bodies at Pater
son, N. J., had anythina: to do with the
shooting of the . President. Chief Wilkie
denied in most positive terms the report
that his office had received warning that
the President's life would be attempted at
Buffalo. > . .• ¦¦
Not only the President but other high
officials are being threatened. Solicitor
General Richards, who in an interview in
dicated his willingness to prosecute any
of the conspirators who might be brought
into the United States court, received a
threatening letter to-day signed "Brutus"
and warning him to direct his attention
toward trusts rather than the assailant of
the President. Chief of the Secret Service
Wilkie has nothing to say about the work
that is now being done to unravel the plot
against the life of the President. He is
keeping in close touch with the situation
in Buffalo and throughout the country.
Chief Wilkie says it is a mistake to con
nect Baron von Mugsre with the secret
service in any way. He says Von Mugge
Is not now, and never was, connected with
the service.
of Illinois will honor any requisition the
Governor of New York may make for the
prisoner. The secret service authorities
state that Miss Goldman was not arrested
at • their request and that they have no
idea of proceeding against her unless di
rected by the Department of Justice to do
so, or unless they secure testimony show-
Ing that she was involved in the shooting
of the President.
An anonymous letter is in the posses
sion of the authorities In which the
writer, whose mind has, evidently been in
fluenced by demagogic denunciations ,of
the President as a tool of trusts, declares
that. if he survives the bullets of Czol
gosz, he will yet be killed. Ordinarily-; lit
tle attention is paid to anonymous letters,
but at this time every clew that can pos
sibly have a bearing on the attempt to
kill the President is being followed out,
and if the writer of the letter can be as
certained through the medium of post
marks or In any other way he will be
arrested. , '
The authorities are already in possession
of evidence pointing in this direction, but
there is nothing yet to indicate who the
men are who are to make the next at
tempt. It is hoped that some of the an
archists now under arrest may reveal a
substantial clew. .. ..-?
The police made public what they said
was a complete set of the telegrams
which have passed between Chief Bull of
Buffalo and Captain Colleran. They show
at almost every point the same lack of
proof and make it clear that the arrest3
were made here solely to have the per
sons of the anarchists in case evidence
of any kind might later develop.
falo, and finally Chief O'Neill telegraphed
Chief Bull in most urgent terms that the
evidence or requisition papers must be
forthcoming by Friday morning or there
would be no hope of keeping the an
archists longer in confinement.
Captain Collefan made the same admis
sion and Mayor Harrison said:
"It is pretty plain now that there was
no plot formed in Chicago. If there was
a conspiracy anywhere It was made in
the East."
WASHINGTON, Sept 11.— The Depart
ment of Justice has not decided upon any
steps to secure possession of Emma Gold
man for the purpose of taking action
against, her in the Federal courts. She
was arrested by the Chicago police on the
request of the Buffalo authorities and
It Ss supposed by the Department of Jus
tice that she will be taken to New York
State. The belief is that the Governor
No Steps to Secure Woman.
Miss Goldman was represented by Law
yers Brown, Gectlng and Saltiel. They
were busy in the habeas corpus case dur
ing the forenoon, but interviewed their
client in time to apear for her in the hear
ing in the matter of bail. . . . - . ¦
He said it would not- be necessary for
counsel to apply for a writ for Miss Gold
man, as he would deal exactly with Miss
Goldman as Judge Chetlain did with the
other prisoners.
Counsel contended that none of these
constitutional requirements had been
complied with in the case of Miss Gold
man. As the charge against Miss Gold
man, "conspiracy to murder President
McKinley." is the one- lodged against the
local anarchists who are named as co
conspirators with Miss Goldman. Magis
trate Prindiville thought it wise to await
the decision of the higher court.
"This matter must be disposed of ac
cording to the well-known rules of law.
Where a. party Is brought into court
charged with any criminal offense that
party has a risht io an immediate hear
ing. Section 7, article 2, of the constitu
tion of Illinois declares that all persons
shall be bailable by sulJicient sureties ex
cept for capital offense where the proof
is evident and presumption great. When
a person is brought into court on a
charge, even though it be a. capital one,
it would be bailable urt!ess there was
some evidence given before the court to
show that the proof was evident and the
presumption sreat. Otherwise the consti
tution would not say that all offenses are
bailable 'except' — where there is an ex
ception to the general clause there it de
volves upon the prosecution to prove the
exception. In this case the affidavit filed
here does not -rronform with the law, be
cause the law oemands an oral examina
tion, the affidavit to be based on that oral
examination. It should be upon personal
knowledge a» to the facts. Judge Free
man holds that very distinctly in the
case of White vs. Wagner, in the eighty
third Appellate Court of Illinois, follow
ing the Lipnian case in 1875. Judge Cart
wright said in the Lipman case that our
constitution provides that no warrant
Ehall issue except for probable cause sup
ported by affidavits in the provision to
guard against official abuse, and that no
person should be brought into court sim
ply on /the opinion or. unfounded state
ment of any person, but the facts must
be exhibited in the complaint to. give the
court jurisdiction."
Requirements Not Met.
Lawyer Geetlng, in pleading for the
prisoner, said: »
Pleads for the Prisoner.
"While this morning I was Inclined to
believe that the defendant might be en
titled to bail, considering the condition
that the President is now in. yet, at. that
time, of course, I did not know that there
was any proceeding pending or that it
wag going to be taken to a higher court.
Of course, this present defendant is in
charge just the same as all the rest of
them. She is charged Jointly with con
spiracy. Of course, it being taken to a
higher court and a superior court, I do
not feel as if I should now take any ac
tion which might be contrary to the deci
sion that would be arrived at by the up
per court or that would in any way influ
ence the court in the matter there pend
ing. That being the case feeling as I do,
and with the understanding that I had.
with the counsel this morning that if
Judge Chetlain admitted the other de
fendants to bail I would do the same, I
still say that I will remand this defend
ant, and if Judge Chetlain at 11 o'clock
Friday morning admits these prisoners to
bail I will immediately send for Miss
Goldman, or at whatever time I hear of
it, and will do the same thing; that is, 1
will admit her to bail the same as the
upper court."
Will Abide by Decision.
Miss Goldman appeared for a hearing
before the magistrate during the fore
noon. She had not secured counsel, but in
a determined voice declared that she was
ready to act as her own attorney. The
Assistant City Prosecutor, however, ob
taineTL a continuance of the hearing till
September 13, the date set for the iiearing
of the other anarchists in custody here.
Mr. Owens, the prosecutor, stated thai
the result of an investigation at Buffalo
was being awaited. In deciding the case,
the court said:
The action of Justice Prindiville in hold
ing her without bail extends only to Fri
day of this week. On that day the ques
tion will be reconsidered and the magis
trate will decide whether she shall be
held without bail or released under bonds
until the preliminary hearing of the
charge against her, which is set for Sep
tember 19.
pus proceedings instituted by the
other anarchists who are similarly
charged.
CHICAGO. Sept. 11.— Magistrate
Prindiville to-day eaid that Emma
Goldman, the anarchist lecturer
under arrest here, should be held
without bail pending a decision of
the upper court in the habeas cor-
• Dr. Park also expressed his satisfaction
at the condition shown by the President
and at the manner in which .his system
was responding to treatment. All the
members nf the Cabinet now in the city,
including Secretaries Root, Wilson, Hitch
cock and Postmaster General Smith, were
again at the Mllburn mansion to-night,
and remained until after the consultation
of the physicians was concluded. They
are highly elated over the favorable de
velopments in the President's case, and
Secretary Root is so sanguine of the fu
ture that he has determined to leave the
city, to-morrow. He will take 1
o'clock train for New York.
Dr. Mann, who has attended every con
sultation of the. physicians, was not pres
ent to-night, feeling that his attendance
was unnecessary. .' ¦¦¦¦ ...
The examination was simply a way of
testing the conditions of the President's
blood. - ¦ . ' . .
The doctor will remain overnight "and
attend the. consultation of the physicians
to-morrow. The time of his departure has
not been determined.
Dr. McBurney remained in the house
awhile longer than the other physicians,
leaving shortly after 11 o'clock. He con
firmed the statement made in the bulletin
to the effect that the examination of the
President's blood showed no evidence of
blood poisoning, nor did it, he added;
show any sign of peritonitis. While the
examination of the blood was not made to
determine the latter fact, yet it would
unmistakably have shown* it had there
been peritonitis.
Confirmed by McBurney.
"Not a particle. Pus means the exist
ence of an abscess, and there is not the
suggestion of pus about the President's
body."
The bulletin which followed Dr. Was
din's statement officially confirmed what
he had said.
"No, I would not say that; he is a very
sick man, but his condition under the cir
cumstances could not be better. That
much I will say emphatically."
"Was any trace of pus found in the ex
terior wound?"
"Is the President out of danger?"
"The count . was not made," continued
Dr.'Wasdin, "to verify the fact that blood
poisoning did not exist, of which we felt
certain, but to remove every shadow of
doubt. The* result is: that 'we feel safe
in announcing that not a,, trace- of blood
poisoning exists. The test could not have
been more satisfactory."
"We found," he said, "that the number
of white corpuscles was just, about nor
mal, while the red cells were slightly be
low-normal, 1 due to insufficient nutrition
since the operation'." • '•' . - '
He said that this morning a few drops
of blood were taken fromMhe lobe of the
ear and microscopically counted under his
direction.. • . • •
Count of the Blocd.
"He is, and to prove it I desire to say
that a count of his blood shows that it is
in a normal "condition, and we feel that
we can- announce definitely that there is
not- the least- indication of blood-poison
ing."'.- .? . •¦ -¦¦ . •'"' .
. Me referred the reporters to Dr. Wasdin
of the -Marine Hospital Service,- who was
standing at his side, for a scientific in
terpretation. The latter explained that a
count of the blood was a microscopic ex
amination of the relative number or white
and red corpuscles in the blood to deter
mine- whether inflammation of any sort
existed. An increase of white corpuscles,
relatively speaking, would show inflam
mation and deterioration of the blood that
might' indicate peritonitis.
"Is he still improving?"'
The physicians did not begin to leave
the Miidurn residence until shortly before
11 o'clock. The reports which they had to
communicate could hardly have been more
gratifying than they. were. Dr. Wasdin
and . Dr. Mynter came out together. The
latter was hemmed in on all sides by the
eager newspaper men.
"Good news!' Good news!" he cried.
"Nothing, but good news. We have
washed and fed the President and moved
him to another bed."
..At the conclusion of the night confer
ence the doctors gave another extremely
gratifying report of their patient's prog
ress.
"Good News," Cries Doctor.
The members of the Cabinet were all
below stairs while the consultation was in
progress and remained until after the bul
letin was prepared and issued. They were
so elated over the improvement in the
President's condition and the absence of
any unfavorable symptoms that Secretary
Root announced that he felt free to de
part and that he had decided to go to
New York to-morrow.
The President was bathed and given
nourishment while all the doctors were
present and afterward was placed in his
new bedi * • •
. • •-.. had been made during the day
by Dr. Wasdin.- At the evening confer
ence the result was submitted and found
to be perfectly, satisfactory, f There had
been no abnormal increase .of. white,
corpuscles such as would. have existed
had blood-poisoning set in, and the doc
tors had the satisfaction of announcing
officially that the count of the blood cor
roborated the clinical evidence of the ab
sence of any blood-poisoning.
BUFFALO, vSept. ll.-The jnight
consultation of the physicians
furnished .in" some -respects the
most : reassuring. news which has
yet come from the' sickroom. A
microscopic count of .. the ... blood
Magistrate Refuses to
Act Pending Proceed
ings in Higher Court
Members of the Cabinet
Are Elated by. Latest
Hews From the Bedside
Emma Goldman and Al
leged Accomplices Re
sort to Habeas Corpus
Satisfactory Examination
of President's Blood
Is Made by Physicians
PRISONER
REMANDED
BY JUDGE
NO TRACE
OF POISON
IS FOUND
"HIGH PRIESTESS OF ANARCHY" HELD IN JAIL WITHOUT BAIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBEK is, iabi.
2
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by-
alkali, i Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made ; the fat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap?
Pears'.
LIEUT. DABNEVJ WASHINGTON,"
"Peru-na Is a Substantial Tonic,"
diately begins to brace a person tip b».
cause it enables the digestive organs to
do their duty properly. This is why sa
many people have found it a substantial
tO LiIutenantDabney's experience with
Peruna exactly coincides with the ex-
perience of others. Peruna has proved
especially a favorite In military circles,
because it Is prompt in its action, lasting
in its cures and never falling in effective-
ness.
Deputy Clerk Anderson of California,
Mr. Andree Anderson, !Deputy County
Clerk Louisabesbro Co., CaU, ex-Fo3i-
master, Burnett, Cal., writes:
"No one seeing me to-day would think
that I was at death's door a few years
aeo with pulmonary troubles. I had fre-
quent bleeding from the lungs, my stom-
ach was out of order and when I came
here for my health no one- thought I
would recover. My brother in the East
had been cured of a very hard cold on the
lungs by using Peruna and he wrote me
and advised me to try it. I had little
faith, but thought I would give It a trial.
I noticed a change in my appetite the
very first week and found that I soon be-
ean to sleep well. Gradually I began to
feel better and took on flesh. Recovery
was slow, for I was so far gone, but after
seven months* steady use of Peruna I
was my old self once more.
"I now weigh 173. pounds, am in fine
health and spirits and have been a well
man for two years, thanks to Peruna.
"It certainly saved me from an un-
timely grave."— Andree Anderson.
United States Senator Stephen R. Mal-
lory from Florida, in a recent letter
written from Pensacola, Fla., says the
following: v - -
"/ have used your excellent rem-
edy, Peruna, and can recommend it,
both as a tonic and a safe catarrh
remedy."
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna.
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to give you his- valuable ad-
¦-• Address i>r. Hartman. Presidentrof The
Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
..Albert J. Dabney, Lieutenant TJ. S. V.,
writes from Washington. D. C.as fol-
lows: -. ' .
'f After the use of two bottles of
Peruna I am fully convinced that it is
a good remedy and I can conscien'
tiously recommend your medicine to
any one who is in need of a substan-
tial tonic. It is also a very effective
cure for ca tarrh. * ' — ALBER T J.
DABNEY.
"'¦ It is rare indeed that two bottles of
Peruna are sufficient to convince any one
that Peruna Is a good remedy. Once in
the household Peruna generally stays.
More than one-half our ills are due to
catarrh. By catarrh is not meant simply
catarrh of the nose or head, but ca.taxrh
of the lungs, stomach; in fact, every or-
gan of the body.
Almost every disease begins at first
with a catarrhal condition of some mu-
cous membrane. A few doses of Peruna
in the beginning is sure to prevent much
sickness.
Peruna acts as a tonic because It pro-
duces healthy mucous membranes in the
stomach and digestive organs. It Imme-
A WelRatmdered Shirt
is one of the signs of a well-dressed man-
without it all other signs fail. You • can
always carry this sign If you patronize
the United States Laundry. ."We launder
shirts perfectly, and all other linen as
well. Tou will find that your linen will
wear longer, also, it you send it to us.
Just try it.
No saw edges. - . '
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office* 1OO4 Market Street? •
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54- ©an Pablo Ave.
RUPTURE CURE.
The benefit of our large ex- jaSSftw
perience in fitting and curing |^^[Mt
Ruptures by the Fidelity Method ,L j.IjR
is secured in this office. We f^p^rijpj
TRUSSES FRE&||5p^
"W"e can cure reducible hMb^ «¦
ruptures in 60 days by our IwM §5
method without pain or loss graggjSra JW
of time. Over 2O,C0O cures ¦hRh39^/
in 10 years. The fee may fsK^sSf
be deposited in a bant, pay- j*g-B|M|^<{y .
able to your own order, to be
handed us when cured; N'OT 13[j fam
BEFORE. Successful on §|f E2S .
men, women and children. P*5 l£3
Branch offices in all large g$I Si
cities. Consultation free. WS H
Fidelity Rupture Cure. <Jf. V
Rooms i, 5 4 6, Ho. 26^ Keiinj St., S. F.
Dr. Lyon's
rbnrcwT
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
DR.METERS&GO, J|§§ll%
Specialist., Disease* -c
and weakness of «3»§3^ *
men. Established 9^^ '
188L "Consultation lfVy- < 5£*W K?
and- private* book' -^^% - -i
free, at offics or by T5*v *£$&&» »
malL Cures guar- \*^''&g£&r
anteed. <73l Mar- rsS^^K?"^
ket street (eleva- jjk v
tor entrance). San
f| ¦ pi" • nnil I if Corner Fourth and
wnl L |jUinL steain and ZAser i
waM ¦¦ ••Wmi» 5t Overcoats and
"::.-•.' ¦ •¦ ¦ ;• ' valises checked fr«^
LEADING BUSINESS .COLLEGE OF. THE WEST
24 Post st.. San Francisco. Cal.
Established Nearly 40 yeara. Open Entire Tear. -
Write for 80-page catalogue (free). '
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE,
r 1236 Market Street. • «, } ,'^
- Actual business bookkeeping; only expert ae-*
countants and reporters as teachers;. Gregg-
shorthand, the easiest, -fastest and most read-
able. r>ay and eventos. FXTIA* COURSE.' 130.SAN DIEGO, Sept. , 11.— The Veterans'.
Association elected the following . officers
for the ensuing year: D. G. Mitchell of
Riverside, commander; Thomas Brady,
senior vice commander; J. W.".Vah Horn,
Jnnior vice commander; council of admin
istration. Comrades Manser, Palmer, Sey
mour, Bell, Kanouse, Baker, Dabenspect,
Lewis and Bartlett.
Veterans Name Of ficers.
Either Literature or Bank Checks
Can be written most easily with a foun
tain pen. You can save"yourself lots, of
trouble by getting a "Waterman," "Stan
ley," « "Marshall" or J'Falcon"- at the ' sta
tionery - department . of Sanborn, sVair &
Co.y 741' Market' street. .'. ± , - , - , < *
ORDER CUTTING SHERIFFS'
CLAIMS IS REVERSED
State Board of Examiners Undoes
. Arbitrary Work of Secretary ,
: " '" Kevane. 'i£/*V^
SACRAMENTO, Sept. ?. 11.— The execu
tive committee of the sheriffs of the vari
ous counties of the State met in this city
to-day'.- The' committee visited the board
of examiners, and after an argument with
Governor Gage' and the members of the
board obtained- a » reversal of the" former
order of the board * cutting down the
claims' of sheriffs, for conveying ;• insane
patients. to the State asylums. -These are
the. claims which had been cut' down by
Secretary - Kevane. - The • bills ¦ will now be
paid as formerly audited.
PARIS, Sept.* 11.— At the Cabinet council
to-day M. . Delcasse formally, announced
the signing of the settlement protocol at
Peking. ,
SEATTLE, Sept. '11.— A freight -wreck,
resulting in the loss of four lives and seri
ous injury to the conductor, occurred at
Wellington, on the Great- Northern, this
morning at 11 o'clock. The dead: i .
ENGINEER FRANK \DAHLGREN. :
FIREMAN JOHN CAMPBELL.- .
SECTION EMPLOYE KNIGHT. • .
AN UNKNOWN MAN, supposed to be
a tramp stealing his way on the train. •
'• The, wreck was .- due to the- engineer of
westbound freight train No. 15 losing con
trol cf the airbrakes in making the west
ern decline of Cascade tunnel. The train
ran'away, and,- fast increasing its speed,
tt dashed. through the village of Welling
ton at the rate of sixty miles an hour.
When about one mile west of Wellington
it was derailed. , Conductor Nordquist's
hand' was crushed off 'and he received
serious Injuries on • the : head. He. -was
brought to Everett City on a special train.
The wreck took fire, and at last report
it was still burning.- • . •.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Jung was a noted socialist, the last sur
vivor of the group- of which Carl Marx
was a member. , . . ....... v .
The day of the murder Jung sum
moned him ¦ to his shop, where they dis
cussed the misery caused by the 1 South
African war, for which Jung declared
Chamberlain was responsible, and" Jung
told Faugcron that if he could kill Cham
berlain" he (Jung), through intermediaries,
would guarantee him a fortune, tendering
hitn $20 to buy good clothes in order to
approach his victim. • "
Faugeron says he refused, whereupon
Jung declared he should not leave the
shop alive, and picking up a heavyiron
rushed on Faugeron and felled him to the
ground. Faugeron, in self-defense, drew
a knife and stabbed his assailant in - the
neck. - "
LONDON, Sept. ll.-Mart Fall Fau
&eron, a Frenchman, who was charged to
day at the Clerkenwell Police Court with
tho murder of - Herman Jung, an old
jeweler of Clerkenwell, about ten ,days
ago. told a remarkable story of a plot to
kill -Joseph Chamberlain, the ¦ Colonial
Secretary.
Such Turkish, reports have- previously
been the forerunners of massacres of Ar
menians, and It is generally apprehended
by non-Mussulmans here that massacres
have already taken place.
It is also -reported that on September 3
Armenians and Turks blew up the bar
racks at Sassoun, where 3000 troops were
stationed, and that a state of panic pre
vailed there in consequence. ¦•".¦¦ • * .
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. lO.-Flfty
.Armenian/ revolutionists, according to
Turkish reports, recently set fire to the
Mussulman headquarters at Mush, Turk
ish Armenia,' where fighting afterward
occurred, the Armenians retiring toward
Sassoun. T .
London Socialist Said to
Have Insisted on
Murder.
Four Men - Perish in a
\ Great Northern ; ¦
. Disaster.'
Non-Mussulmans in Con
stantinople Talk of
Horrors.
FREIGHT DASHES
DOWN MOUNTAIN
FEAR MASSACRE
OP ARMENIANS
Interest in the opening now centers on.
the probability of Rear Admiral Schley
challenging Rear Admiral Howison. as a
member of the court. The "applicant,"
as Schley will be officially referred to, is
confidently expected to exercise his
right and object to Howison serving. His
lawyers have prepared a brief setting
forth their reasons why Howison should
not sit in judgment on this particular
case. The chief reason is based on an
alleged interview in a Boston paper in
which Howison is quoted as giving credit
for the victory to Sampson. Admiral
Dewey. president of the court, has some
decided opinions on this subject. It is said
that he will throw his whole weight
against any imputation of bias, however
morrow begin Its investigation as
to the conduct of that officer during the
Santiago campaign. , .
.^^ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
[( W.. WASHINGTON. Sept. 11.—
(I . The naval court of inquiry invoked
S^^ by Rear Admiral Schley will, to-
DEMANDED LIFE
OF CHAMBERLAIN
Everything is ready for the meeting of
the court. The impression at the Navy
Department now Is that the taking of tes
timony will not begin to-morrow, although
that was the original expectation. A large
number of witnesses are in Washington
ready to take the stand at a moment's
Inquiry Will Begin , To-l>ay.
Captain. Lemly,- as judge advocate of the
court, is recognized as the Navy Depart
ment's representative, j He was detailed
with full knowledge by' the navy author
ities that he had served under Schley In
the rescue of Greely ana. received with
him' the applause of the public. Yet, de
spite this, the judge advocate seems to
be absolutely unbiased. The impression
gained from him. Is that he wishes the
full truth to be brought out.
slight, and will vote against the appear
ance of any member who is accused of
partiality.
Precisely at 1 o'clock the members of
the court will be seated, Admiral Dewey
While observing all the forms that are
necessary to maintain the dignity of the
court, tfcere is no disposition on the part
of its members to try to magnify its im
portance by useless ceremony. Therefore
there will be no waste of- gunpowder in
salutes, nor will the marines be turned out
In state at the navy yard as the three
admirals make their way. to and from the
building where the court will meet.- To
morrow they will go to the yard in plain
clothing and thus relieve the commandant
of the necessity of ordering an official sa
lute. In the retiring room adjacent to the
courtroom provided for their accommoda
tion they will array themselves rn what is
known as the naval dress uniform. . .
No summons has yet been issued for
Admiral Sampson an<# it is said very few
formal summonses have been Issued by
the department. Although no positive
statement on that, point is made it Is
gathered from the attitude of 'the Gov
ernment officers that they have no present
intention of calling Admiral Sampson.
notice, but formalities are expected to
consume most of • to-morrow's session,
which, after all, is. likely to be short, ow
ing to the late hour of beginning.
Challenge From the Legal Representatives of the
Santiago Hero Is Expected on the Ground That
" One Member of the Court Has Manifested Bias
Distinguished Men- in the Sea Service Gather in Washington for Attend
\ ance at What Will Probably Prove the Most Sensational Investi
gation That Vtfas Ever Occurred in the History of the Navy Department
BRITISH IN BATTLE
WITH BOER FORCES
Kitchener Reports Methuen's Column
Had a Brisk Encounter and
Was Victorious.
LONDON, Sept. 11.— Lord Kitchener re
ports to the War Office from Pretoria as
tollows:
"Methuen engaged Vautonder and r>e
larey in Great Maries Valley on Septem
ber 6 and September 8, driving them from
a strong position on September 8. Tho
Boers left six dead on September 6 and
twelve on' September 8. Forty-one pris
oners were captured.
MATJESFONTEIN, Cape Colony, Sept.
11.— Colonel Crabbe has surprised . the
camp of Van Der Merwe. the mo3t trust
ed lieutenant of Commandant Scheeper.
killed him and another Boer and made
prisoners of thirty-seven out *of the 100
men under Van Der Merwe's command.
mlrals Dewey and Benham then will re
tire and determine whether or not the
statements presented are sufficient to
make manifest the incompetency of Rear
Admiral Kowison. There will be no ap
peal from the decision of the court on
that point. Even the Secretary of the
Navy could not undo its work.
vThe headquarters of Admiral Schley
was a scene of great activity to-day. Up
to noon -five of the witnesses named by
the admiral had been In consultation with
Messrs. Wilson and Raynor and had in
formed them of the line of testimony
which can be expected from them when
called before the court. They were Lieu
tenant Kdward W. Eberle. Lieutenant
Albert A. Ackermari, Lieutenant Johnson
and Lieutenant Commander R. F. Nichol
son, all of whom were on the Oregon dur
ing the Santiago sea fight (the last named
being the executive officer ¦ of the vessel
during- . the battle). and Lieutenant
Charles Webster, who was on Admiral
Schley's flagship, the Brooklyn, during
the fight. A number, of civilian witnesses
also were closeted with the counsel dur
ing the morning-, but their names were
not disclosed. Captain Cook, who com
manded the Brooklyn, probably will 1 - be
the first witness.
at the center of a table placed crosswise
of the courtroom,- with Rear Admiral
Benham on the right and Rear Admiral
Howison on his left. The witnesses will
stand at the left end of the table, next
the official stenographer, and the judge
advocate. Captain Lemly, with Solicitor
E. P. Hanna, his associate in the case,
will occupy the other end of the table. A
place has been reserved for Mr. Stayton,
who is to represent certain officers not
officially named as yet. He will not be
recognized as counsel by the court, how
ever, unless some of his clients are in
volved in the case by the testimony.
Challenge Is Expected.
The judge advocate first will address
the court and read the precept under
which it is convened. The next step will
be the recognition of ' counsel' by the
court, and Captain Lemly then will intro
duce Mr. Hulse- as_omclal stenographer.
Next may come the most Interesting part
of the day's proceedings, namely, the ex
pected challenge by Admiral Schley's
counsel of the competency of Rear Ad
miral Howison as a member of the court.
The expectation is that an hour or two
will be consumed in argument by counsel
directed to the two members of the' court
whose competency is not questioned. Ad-
Secretary Williams said he was prepar
ing to send out the second installment of
strike benefits during the day and would
have them all out during the week. The
number to receive benefits is not more
than 10.000 and this will require about $40.
000 weekly. It Is stated that the Amalga
mated treasury, reimbursed by the lodges
whose members are at work, will be able
to meet the payments with the aid of
funds contributed by sympathizers.
The officials of the same company
showed even greater activity about the
Star mills. About 11 o'clock in the morn
ing a car containing about sixty skilled
men for the Star plant arrived in the un
ion station. These men were taken to the
plant without any interference from the
strikers. The recruits came from the
East and it is said many of them had
broken away from the ranks of the strik
ers in other, mills.
While the president of the Amalgamated
Association was standing in this position,
the officials of the United States Steel
Corporation were putting forth active ef
forts to start their- plants. During to-day
the company held strikers* pickets back
and got a lot of provisions and cots into
the Monongahela mills. It was announced
at the same time that there was an ample
number of men ready to enter the plant
and start the mills as soon as they were
in readiness.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 11.— While positive
stories of a peaceful settlement of the
strike of the Amalgamated Association
continued to be heard to-day. President
Shaffer denied them emphatically and said
that the battle of the steel workers would
go on until they won. He denied that the
executive board had instructed him to set
tle the strike on any terms and said that
he would not go to New York or make
any further peace movement for the pres
ent.
Amalgamated Associa
tion President De
nies Reports.
WICHITA. Kans.. Sept. 11.— The Grand
Jury to-day brought in a relndictment
against William Martindale, charging
him with wrecking the Emporia Na
tional Bank, which failed more than two
years ago. The president of the bank.
Cross, committed suicide at the time of
Che failure. Martindale was vice presi
dent of the bank. Martindale has not yet
been arrested.
Accuse Him of Bank Wrecking.
PARIS, Sept. 11.— Notwithstanding the
positix^e assertions made, in several news
papers that the Czar has decided to visit
Paris September 20. the Foreign Office of
ficials say they have received no official
notification on the subject. It is note
worthy that the official statement made at
the Cabinet council this morning, while
announcing that the final details of the
receptions and fetes at Dunkirk, Com
piegne and Rneims have been settled,
does not mention a Paris programme for
September 20, v;hich therefore remains a
day cf repose, with a dinner to be given
by President Loubet and a performance
at a. theater in the evening.
1'oreign Office Officials at the French
Capital Have Not Been"
Notified.
NICHOLAS MAY NOT
PAY VISIT TO PARIS
There were nineteen separate cases in
volved in the suit, all of which •were con
joined in. this case. | The decision is based
on the ODinion of the United States Su
preme Court that Porto Rico is at the
present time a portion of the territory of
the United States and that goods brought
from that island are not subject to duty
in any pert here.
XEW YORK, Sept. 1L— In the United
States Circuit Court to-day Judge La
ccmbe handed down an order granting
judgment in favor of the American Sugar
Refining Company to recover $490,139, with
interest, paid by the sugar company to
Collector Bidwell on sugars imported from
Porto Rico.
WILL ! BECGVEB, .DUTIES
TN POETO RICO CASE
Circuit Judge Headera Decision in
Favor of the American Sugar
Refining- Company.
In the conversation reported from Den
ver Dr. Jordan referred to the question of
Chinese exclusion as not a simple one.
There are, he "«ays, many obvious ad
vantages to California in keeping alien
races from her borders and the process
of exclusion is beset with increasing- dif
ficulties.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 11.—
President Jordan, when asked to-day* re
garding the interview in Denver on Chi
nese exclusion, said that it was not true,
as the coast newspapers seem, to under
stand, that he had declared his opposition
10 the Chinese exclusion act or that he
has expressed the belief that married Chi
nese should be admitted. The latter plan
has many advocates in Hawaii, and, in
the recent importation of Porto Ricans to
the Islands families were given the prefer
ence.
Merely Said, in His Denver Interview
That It Was Beset by Many
Difficulties.
DIL JORDAN DOES NOT
OPPOSE EXCLUSION
The State Department has learned that
the Supreme Court of Venezuela will com
mence consideration next Monday of the
merits of the controversy between the
New York and Bermudez Asphalt' Com
pany and the Warner-Quinlan Syndicate
relative to the ownership of the Bermudez
asphalt lakes. There has been no change
in the determination of the administra
tion to review the case when the court re
turns its verdict. It may be. however,
that while judicial proceedings are in
progress the revolution in Venezuela will
succeed in overthrowing' Castro, In which
event it is likely that there will be no
trouble in obtaining a just decision..
Mall reports received by the Navy De
partment from Lieutenant Commander
Sargent are to the effect that the situation
on the isthmus is quiet. No interruption
has occurred to railway traffic.
Minister Silva and Senor Herran have
expressed the opinion that Senor Bocerra
meant by the "Venezuela fleet" several
vessels fitted out In Venezuela and under
the command of Colombian insurgents.
Senor Herran is not disposed to attach
importance to the attack on Rio Hacha,
pointing out that the Colombian rebels at
that point were dispersed before they
could receive Venezuelan assistance.
This statement confirms the dispatch re
ceived by the Colombian Legation on Sat
urday last from Senor Bocerra at Cur
acao, stating that the "Venezuelan fleet"
was then bombarding Rio Hacha.
CALL BURHA.U. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Sept. 1L— That Vene
zuela has really committed an act of wax
upon Colombia is established by a cable
gram to the State Department to-day by
Minister Bowen at Caracas. Bowen
stated that the "Venezuelan fleet" was re
ported as having gone to a Colombian
port, believed to be Rio Hacha, for the
purpose of landing a force to assist the
Colombian insurgents in the capture of
that place.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NO PEACE YET,
SAYS SHAFFER
The court lasted four weeks, breaking
all naval records for a court of inquiry.
In adition it was marked by an extraordi
nary event in the fact that on the fif
teenth day of the trial Commander West,
president of the court, was challenged by
Major Lauchheimer and required to with
draw from membership by his colleagues.
The reasons for the challenge sent out
by Major Lauchheimer was that Com
mander West was, by friendship for Colo
nel Meade, unable to act impartially. •
Major C. H. Lauchheimer and Colonel
F. L. Denny charged Colonel Robert
Meade with drunkenness on duty while
an inspection was in progress at the
Brooklyn Navy Tard. Colonel Meade re
plied by charging Major Lauchheimer
with making a false report and Colonel
Denny with reporting against him (Meade)
In order to cover up irregularities with
contractors on , Dennv's part.
The court of Inquiry acquitted Major
Lauchheimer and Colonel Denny of Colo
nel Meade's charges. It sustained the
charge against Colonel Meade, and in ad
dition charged him with violation of the
naval regulations in replying with a coun
ter-charge when asked for a report, and
also of false swearing on the witness
stand. The court recommended that the
colonel be tried by court-martial upon
these charges.
"WASHINGTON", Sept. tL— Th* longest
court of Inquiry In the history of the
navy, that held at the Brooklyn Navy
Yard to Investigate trouble In the Marine
Corps, has come to a sensational termina
tion, bringing in a recommendation which
may result in very serious consequences
for an officer of hljh rank.
Longest Session _in History
\of the Navy Ends Sen
sationally.
Early Settlement of Asphalt
Lakes Trouble Ex
pected.
United -States Minister
Confirms News of
Hostilities.
Court of Inquiry Sus
tains Charges Against
Colonel Meade.
HAVAL OFFICER
IN HOT WATER
VERY WARLIKE
IS VENEZUELA
*r£E SAN FRAK CISCO CAIiii, THUBSDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1901;
3
SCHLEY'S LAWYERS PREPARE TO RIGOROUSLY OBJECT
TO ADMIRAL HOW ISON WHEN INQUIRY BEGINS TO-DAY
DISTINGUISHED OFFICERS OF THE NAVY WHO WILL, CONDUCT PROCEEDINGS AT THE COURT OF IN
QUIRY ASKED FOR BY ADMIRAL SCHLEY. WHICH CONVENES TO-DAYi ADMIRAL DEWET AND REAR
ADMIRALS BENHAM AND HOWISON CONSTITUTE THE COURT. CAPTAIN LEMLY IS JUDGE-ADVOCATE.
When there is a natural and healthy circulation of the blood, the entire
quantity, estimated at one-eighth the weight of the body, passes through the heart
every five minutes. This rapid flow of the blood through the system prevents the
entrance of disease genns and impurities of every description. It filters out all that
is not necessary or jjood for thz grorrth and development of the body and nourish-
ing and strengthening the muscles, tissues, nerves and bones. But, unfortunately,
feT7 persons can rightly claim an absolutely pure blood supply and perfect and
unpolluted circulation, end in consequence are exposed to innumerable diseases.
Contagious Blood Poison, the greatest enemy to* mankind, "enters the system
through the blood, and Cancer, Scrofula, Rheumatism, Catarrh,' Eczema, Salt
Rheum, Psoriasis, Tetter — in fact the majority of human ailments —are caused by
poisons or humors that are engen- • > .
dercd and fostered in a sluggish T/f © E3kOQ& i& ff3& S&EBB m SS<S
and impoverished blood. Old . - ••
sores, chronic ulcers and rheunjatic pains are com- Qf £&§$. §ft*Qfff2Bth
xnon, especially among, old people, whose blood **
naturally grows thin and pale because of the lack of the red corpuscles that give
color and strength to youthful blood. ' Sallow complexions and rough, oily skins
cadence some constitutional or blood trouble, which salves, lotions, powders nor
any external treatment can cure. Diseases that originate in the blood, whether
they manifest themselves as ulcers, tumors, itching eruptions, muscular or bone
pains, require a tonic and blood purifier such as S. S. S., which not only antidotes
and neutralizes blood poisons and humors, but possesses health-giving tonic proper-
ties that no other blood, medicine does. It goes down to the very foundation of.
¦«'¦¦; the disease and eliminates from the system every-
PQ§SutCO BaOOO thing of a poisonous character or that obstructs and
. clogs the circulation. It builds up and imparte
E§F*GQtiS BlSGc&SO ' new strength and vitality to the old innutritious
blood, and when the arteries and veins are once
more filled with new rich blood, the general health begins to improve, muscles
grow stronger, and sores and eruptions of every kind disappear.
S. SI S. is the only guarante.-wi' purely vegetable blood purifier, and the purest
end most reliable in all blood diseases. It has been tested in thousands or cases .
during the past fifty years and is more popular today than ever. We will be glad
to send you our book free, and if in need of medical advice write our physicians all
about your csse? this information will cost you nothing and comes from experi-'
enced and educated doctors.- All correspondence, is conducted in strictest
confidence. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, OA 9
i .imniMt - - 1^ irniiiiKrii i mi iii iii »i i >iiin»ff mi i I'm hi mi n ii M ' i ii» iii f ri ¦ ~~~ "
REGULAO
Q ¦'¦¦ SAI£ -•.. #|
- 1 Why Is Our Store Crowded With Purchasers Eiery Friday ? f Q J
teS • Because the shoes we have been offering: were actual bargains; . J r ' 'f\ " .
I new regular and seasonable goods, not Job lota — picked up for sale . 1}
ii ' purposes— and when people came In to buy we had all sizes to ¦ ¦• rg
[JC fit them. • ¦*•".' f
VTi For to-morrow (Friday) we quote the following: 1,
M Ladies' Patent Leather Lace Men's Box Calf Lace Shoes. . In
f* . ChnOO N Double soles— full round toe, a M
K OilUCJi natty, serviceable article. ri
Hg Hand-welted soles, with broad FRIDAY ONLY $2.65 6
r* extensions, new fall shoe; \&a
U regularly. 13.50. - MPIl'S FnaiTlPl OlfnTliS /H
M FOR FRIDATONLT.^^ J^ /
(J Ladies' High-Cut Lace Shoes. o^^V'oS...*^ C
n of strong kid. with kid tips; — M
I | medium heavy soles, extended. BOIS L3CG SIlOSS.
flU I Just the thin* for fall wear / Made £ yM kW _ heavy soIes . jj
/| ON FRIDAT pNLY....Sp2.5u 5 p rve two purposes— school Ml
M Old Ladies' Comfort Shoes/ l££|* t > 5 £ IJ:f2 H
[V either lace or sailers, with seam Eizes -^ to °' 3 * l< '° f
M 0N U ffi C DTY r 0NLY.... $ i.65 Children's and^Missss' Lace ft
M Children's Kid Lace Shoes. Either" of ud !w«h -patent v I
f^ Hand-turned soles - and patent leather tips . or of box calf. <*
V- ' . leather tips, sizes 8^j .to 11; extended soles.
Rjij resrularly' $1.50. ¦ Sizes $M to 11 S1.15 f!
pi ON FRIDAY ONL,Y....fl.l5 Sizes 11^ to 2 *l-3O H
L ' Good's are displayed in our windows. Money will be refunded , j
BS '; If ¦ not satisfactory. A new pair gratis If any of above shoes (ex- « ffi
I- cepting patent leather. and enamel) do not wear well. j
iVifl . Country orders will not be filled unless received before Sat- L
y" urday evening. >
lit 8§2.MflRKET ST. /W%SPECTATORS 'AND TROTTING HORSES
SEEN AT THE' AGRICULTURAL
PARK TRACK, SACRAMENTO.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass., Sept. 11.— Hardy
Downing of San Jose, Cal., the well
known bicycle rider, was operated upon
here this afternoon for apendicltis. HI3
condition is considered serious.
Bicyclist Downing Seriously 111.
TOPEKA. Kans., Sept. 11.— A $4000 bond
was approved to-day for the release of
Jessie Morrison from the penitentiary,
pending the decision of the State Supremo
Court on her appeal from the decision of
the Butler County District Court, which,
sentenced her to five years* imprisonment
for killing Mrs. Castle. Miss Morrison will
be released to-morrow.
Jessie Morrison Secures Release.
The Reliance Club gymnasium will be
the scene on the evening of September 24
of a four-round go between Jim Jeffries
and Joe Kennedy, the big champion being
scheduled for an effort to put Kennedy
out in that time.
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— Perry Queenan,
the Chicago lightweight, has been
matched to fight Jack Kane at the Reli
ance Club on September 19, the date for
the club's monthly boxing tournament.
Queenan had a twenty-round draw with
Turner at Stockton, which was .reported
as a lively encounter. The bout in Oak
land is for fifteen rounds. Jack Capeliss
and Bobby Martin are down for a ten
round go and the opening event will be a
six-round match between Jack McDonald
of the San Francisco Athletic Club and
Jack Dolaji of the "West Oakland Athletic
Club.
Clever Chicago Boxer Gets a Fifteen?-.
Round Engagement With
Jack Kane. -* .
LIGHTWEIGHT QUEENAM"
TTAR BEEN MATCHED
Some of the young greyhound which
performed so creditably in tho Futurity
stakes at Union Coursing Park last Sua
day will be started again this weefc. Tha
card is made up of a special stake, in
which thirty-two of the fleetest dogs are
entered, and an open stake with aeventy
two entries. The latter will be run down
twice on Saturday. The remaining rounds
will be decided on Sunday, when th© spe
cial stake will be the feature of the card.
The draw last night resulted as follows:
Special stake-J. R. McCart $. y '" T /° ( 5? S^i'f -
Aeneid Kennels" Fine Fire; F. f 011 ??,^.^
wood vs. P. J. Relliya R °^ ah Vl ?f O m?r
Geary's Bonnie Pasha v^ O. Zahla Homer
¦R/w r> j Hea.lv* s Lady Clare vs. A. R. Cur
y N^cUsuitsTerl&'Knowles- For Glory vs
P. M. Curtis' War Eagle; G. Grana" 1 * T? 1 ™ 0
Prince vs. Star Kennels' Mayflower. D.
Walsh'. Sacramento Boy vs. P. Doyle s Liber
ator; Chiarinl Bros.' TJewdrop *»•*>. *•
HealVs Sisquoc: K. Jones' MaTi"*?^^ Sha-
Chiarini Bros.' Santonin; P. M. _ c a u f t '?__° h 1 V
dow vs. T. J. Mclnerney-B Nora; Star Kennels
Henchel'a Pride va. Chiarinl Bro..' TkWte
Hat; J. Moriarity's Snapper Garri son 1 vs. A. k.
Curtis' Luxor; A. R, Curtis' Flying Fox vs.
Ed Neave'a Spiteful; E. Geary-- A ™«^ a^? 3
Pasha Kennels' For Freedom; G. Sharman 3
Black Flush vs. A. R. Curtis^ Sector. O.
Xethercott's Floodgate va. P. M. Curtis
A Op h en r -stake-J. H. Perigo's Contortter y^T
J. Cronin's Killarney: T. J. Cronln s W1M
Tralee vs. H. Perigo's Far Away: G. Nether
cott's Red Rock vs. W. Cramer's Uly Wright;
Star Kennels' Pickpocket vs. J. Bowling's Sir
Lawrence; G. Sharman' 3 Bowery Boy vs. x. J.
Mclnerney'» Annie Hall: Pajha Kennels' Snap
shot vs. Star Kennels' Fontenoy; Cn'artni
Bros/ Boney Boy vs. Sterl & Knowles Ollta.
F. S. Price's Forget vs. W. Cramers Alice
Morgan: T. Kenny's May Boy vs. O. Shar-
S Chicago Boy: J. Rock's Ladle-; Choice
vs E. Geary's Fannie Hughie; Sterl &
Knowles' Ripple vs. Chiarlni Bros.* K^rtn
Workman; T. Barre's Amedee vs. J. Kelly s
Governor Mac; Ed Neave's Strayaway vs.
Star Kennels' Blackhead; T. J. Cronin a Kit
ty From Cork -vs. T. J. Mclnemey's Regina R;
J. Brenjord's Mountain Beauty vs. r>. J.
Healy's Tiburon; E. Geary's Ruby Sankey vs.
H. fcynch's A. J- Martin; C. O. Peterson's
Lady Nelly vs. A. Vandenburgh'a Naughty
Girl; A. L. Enderson's Royal Joker vs. Ed
Neave's First Foot; D. "Walsh's Pretence vs.
C O. Peterson's Haphazard: W. J. Shear's
Liberty Bell vs. Captain Clarkson's Flower oC
Gold: A. Vandenburgh's Lear Kins vs. A.
Vandenburgh" s Montana Belle; J. A. Klein's
Coronado vs. J. Carroll's Cascade: M. Nealon's
Agamemnon vs. Ed Neave's Castaway; Cap
tain Clarkson's Golden Garter vs. J. Halton'a
May Hempstead; J. Willis' Half Moon vs. J.
Lenihan's Bernal Lass; E. Silva's Master
Rocket vs. P. Rosner's Capewell; G. Shar
man'a St. Ives vs. Pasha Kennel-" Roman Ath-
Jete; M. Nealon's Aeneas vs. J. Moriarity's
Kittleman; T. J. Cronin's Ramcier vs. Pasha
Kennels' Gold Nugget; J. I. O'Brien's Wan
dering Tom vs. T. J. Cronin's Jennie G; Pasha
Kennels' Royal Archer vs. B. Geary's Minnie
Sankey: J. I. O'Brien's Statesman vs. R.
Strain's Three Cheers; F. S. Price's Brutus
vs. Chiarinl Bros.' Tame Tralee: P. Jackson's
Golden Russet vs. Pasha Kennels' Real Aris
tocrat; T. Jones' Lovlna vs. Al Enderson'a
James Lick; J. Deane's Warco vs. Sterl 4t
Knowles' Sleety Mist.
Promising Young Dogs Fresh
From the Futurity
Will Start
High Class Performers
Entered at Union
Park.
SPECIAL STAKE
FOR GREYHOUNDS
STOCKTON. Sept. 11. — Preliminary
steps were taken to-night to form a" San
Joaquin County Game and Fish- Protec
tive Association as a branch of the State
organization. H. T. Payne, president of
the State Association, was present and
explained the benefits and objects of the
society. More than 100 signed the mem
bership roll. Young ducks and quail are
being slaughtered in this county, and the
new association intends to prosecute
every man caught breaking the law
Commissioners will be appointed in all
parts of the county. - . .
Will Preserve Game Birds.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 11.— The ladies' tourna
ment of the Linda Vista Golf Club was
held at the club's links on the Alum Rock
road this afternoon. Miss' Elena Robin
son won the silver cup. The playing of
Miss Robinson, Mrs. Vachell and Miss
Haitian were features of the game. The
score follows:
Gross Handl- Net
Score. cap. Score.
Mrs. Vachel! 126 scratch 126
MIS3 Bowman 127 scratch 127
Miss Robinson 127 ¦ 9 113
Miss Clayton 140 scratch 140
Mrs. Hersey 144 scratch 144
Miss Haldan 144 scratch 144
Miss Sweigert .....151 ¦ 9 142
Miss Ogier :.1«S 9 157
Mrs. Rucker 166 27 159
San Jose Golfers.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., Sept. ll.-Only
eight players remain in the tournament in
progress here to decide the amateur golf
championship of America. Holabird, who
is only 17 years old, proved a formidable
antagonist for Lockwood, who won after
a clever contest. Champion W. J. Travis
had little difficulty in proving his superior
ity over C. B. MacDonald, the 1895 cham
pion.
The only Philadelphlan in the tourna
ment, R. E. Griscom, was pitted against
Findlay S. Douglass, the -. ex-champion,
and runner-up in the last two champion
ships. He made short' work of the Quaker.
Percy Pyne, the Prlncetonlan, created a
surprise by defeating Archie Reid, the St.
Andrews player. The results of the sec
ond round follow: .
Percy Pyne, Princeton, beat "W. C. Fownes,
Pittsburg, 4 up and 3 to play.
C. H. Seeley, AVeeburn, defeated H. C.
Fownes, Pittsburg. 9 up.
A. G. Lockwood, Boston, beat XV. A. Hola
bird. Chicago, 4 up and 3 to play.
Findlay S. Douglass, Nassau, beat R. E.
Griscom, Philadelphia. 10 up and 9 to play.
Louis Livingston, West Brook. B. . I... de
feated J. O.- Thorp, Oakley. -Mass.. 3 up and 2
to play. ¦- - • •
Percy H. Jennings, New York, beat E. 31.
Byers. Plttsburgr, 7 up and 5 to play.
W. J. Travis. Nassau, beat C. B. MacDonald.
Chicago, 7 up and 2 to play.
Champion Travis and ex-Champion
Fmdlay Douglass Still in the
, ' . . Tournament.
AMATEUR GOLF-PL AYERS
OUT FOR CHAMPIONSHIP
..Meanwhile, as The Call has previously
noted, E. K. Taylor, one of the authors
of the bill, and his friends are alleged to
have- been soliciting business from liquor
dealers and assuring their clients that
without victory there would be no costs
for legal advice.
The Supreme Court lays away the argu
ments of the various county attorneys
one after the other with little or no con
sideration and unqualifiedly affirms the
validity of the amendment. ¦*.
Pflrrmann had paid the regular munici
pal tax to the authorities of the city of
Los Angeles. When the county tax was
also levied he rebelled and was impris
oned.' The Supreme Court released him.
on a ' writ of habeas corpus, and since
then the Los Angeles District Attorney
and a dozen amici curiae have been delv
ing into musty tomes in a vain endeavor
to prove that the fateful amendment was
unconstitutional.
Boards of Supervisors of counties of ' the
State and the lesrlslative bodies of the incor
porated cities and towns therein shall In the
exercise .of their police powers and for the
purpose of regulation as hereinbefore provided,
and not otherwise, have power to license all
and every kind of business not prohibited by
law and transacted and carried on within the
limits Qf their respective jurisdictions.
The Supreme Court yesterday, in the
case of Henry Pfirrmann of Los Angeles,
upheld the validity of the Kelley-Taylor
license amendment, and now the outside
counties must bear the loss of millions of
dollars. The "joker" has done the work
for which it was supposedly intended, and
the liquor dealers from Sisklyou to San
Diego are transported with delight.
The law, which is interpreted in a man
ner which forbidg boards of supervisors,
city councils and town trustees from is
suing licenses for purposes of revenue,
reads as follows:
Supreme Court Declares in
Favor of Insidious \
Amendment,
Counties I of California
Lose Millions in Li
cense Taxes.
KELLEY-TAYLOR
JOKER IS VALID
Have you been to theState Fair? ,The
Southern Pacific sells up to and including
the 14th round trip tickets to Sacramento
for S2.75, for the State Fair. Great ex
hibit and fine races. Seven trains dally.
Further information 613 Market etreet and
terry depot.
. The celebration In the Pavilion to-night
was preceded by a parade I through the
principal streets, the Santa Catalina band
heading the procession. Among- those \n
line .were: Brigadier' General C. F.vMc-
Glaphan of Truckee and' staff;.:- Grand
Chancellor L. S. Calkins of Nevada- City;
Grand Keeper of. Records and •- Seal
Schaffner of. San "Francisco; Supreme
Representative. G. H. Samuels of Oak
land: Mrs. G. H. Samuels, grand chief of
the Rathbone Sisters. ' , .
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 11.— The Knights
of Pythias and members of the Order of
Rathbone Sisters had a festival In the
State Fair Pavilion to-night. A. company
of the uniformed rank came from Au
burn' and Newcastle, while there were
present also companies from Lincoln and
Placerville. Members of subordinate
lodges attended from Rocklln, Stockton,
Folsom and Gait. The dramatic order of
the Knights of ¦ KhorassajT and other
members of the order came from "San
Francisco. . . . ¦
FYTHIANS CROWD PAVILION.
NEW YORK, Sept. 1L— The Mail and
Express says: Although some bankers
expressed opinions to-day that Secretary
Gage -would not receive largo offers of
Government bonds under his call for $20,
006.00ft. with a view to buying such as do
not have too higrh a price affixed to them,
it waB definitely learned that amounts
aggregating between $S,000,000 and $10,000,
000 will be offered to the Treasury De
partment at such rates as will, in the
opinion of competent authorities, be ac
cepted by Secretary Gage.
Leading- private banking houses are col
lecting bonds and J. P. Morgan & Co. are
among those who are bririging in bonds
for this purpose. . \ L ., . - .
PROMINENT BANKERS
COLLECTING BONDS
Pierpont Morgan Among the Men Rc
! EpondiEg to Call of Secretary
Gage.
Revenue led groing up the hill, when Cy
sir.ide drew to the front and led to the
stretch, Revenue again going to the front
there. Doricles and Volodyovski. the lat
ter ridden by Lester Reiff, then came up
fast and passed Revenue. Doricles win
ning by a neck. Three lengths separated
Volodyovski and . Revenue, second and
third, respectively.
An objection was made to Doricles* wln-
Jng- on the ground of bu'mping. but it was
overruled.
LONDON. Sept. 11.-L. de Rothschild's
Doricles won tho St. Lcg-er stakes at Don
caster to-day. The betting: previous to the
Ktart was 10 to 1 against borides. 10 to 11
against. Volodyovski and 9 to 1 against
Revenue.
HOTESCHILD'S BOBJCLES
"WTWS THE ST. LEGEE
Finishes a Neck in Front of Volody
ovski, the Favorite, Bidden by
Lester Reiff.
Boy Makes a Confession.
DENVER, Sept. .' 11.— Chief of Police
Armstrong announced, to-night that he
had secured from Casey.. Gaul, aged 1J
"years, one of the eight boys arrested' or
'suspicion : of, having: murdered Homer
.' Reahard on - Aug-ust . 12, • a . full confession
in ; which ,the story told . him : by; another
boy, and which led to the arrests, Is cor
{roborated. It Is said the confession names
Ray 'Poole, aged 14, as the one who '¦ fired
Took Part in a Kick Over a Close De
cision in Pittsburg-Brooklyn
Game.
BROOKLYN, Sept. ll.-To-day's game was
hotly fought throughout and feeling ran high.
Leech hurt his ankle after bringing ; Richey
¦ home with a double in the second and retired.
Later he took part in a kick over a close de
cision at the plate in the fourth and was hus
tled off the field by two policemen at. the
request ot Umpire Enyder. Attendance, 3200.
Score:
. . ' RUE
Pittsburg r." 10 3
Brooklyn ..: 4 ? 1
Batteries— Chesbro j and O'Connor: Donovan
and- McGulre. .
NEW YORK, Sept. ll.-Inabllity to hit the
ball and stupid base running lost the New
Yorks the game with Cincinnati at the Polo
Grounds to-day. Stimmel, who pitched for the
visitors, proved a hard nut to crack, while
Phylle was easy. Attendance, 7C0. Score:
R. H. " El
Cincinnati 4 12 "'* . 2
New York 2 6 1
Batteries — Stimmel nnd Bergen; Phylle "and
Bowerman. Umpire, Emslie.
BOSTON, Sept.' 11.— Hughes was effective ex
cept in the sixth inning, when three singles and
a three-bagger netted Boston three runs
DIneen was batted hard throughout the game.
Attendance 100O. Score:
r> . R. H.- E.
Boston ....-; ...3 ' 7 .]
Chicago : 6 ' 12 - ]
Batteries— DIneen and KIttredge; Hughes and
Kahoe. Umpire— Nash.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. ll.-A heavy storm
brought to-day's game between St. Louis and
Philadelphia, to an end after the sixth inning
had been played. The local batters were bat
ting Powell freely and had the game well Id
hand. Attendance 1S37. Score:" :
- R. . H. * E.
St. Louis ' 2 ' 5 ]
Philadelphia . .....; 6 ' 13 . . ]
Batteries— Powell and Nichols; Donahue and
Douglass. Umpire— Dwyer. 1 , - - "-
AMERICAN LEAGUE.. • . '
WASHINGTON, Sept. ¦•.'¦11.— Young's greal
work In the box and almost perfect fielding re
sulted, In, Boston whitewashing Washington
with ease. "Only one local reached second At
tendance 2SS0. . Score: , . .
Washington '....:....'.;... 0 ; 3 c
¦Boston : 9 ' i4- ; :-'-'i;
Batterie 1 }— Mercer and. ' Clark; Young anc
Crigor. ¦ ¦
POLICE HUSTLE PLAYER
OFF THE BALLFIELD
First race, pacing;- 2:25 class. $S0O: '
Nora McKinhey Wins Cleverly. ..r -
Spick and span looking as usual "Char
ley" .Bunch, the debonair San Jose turf
man, landed the 2:24 trot with Nora Mc-
Klnney. Nora; can rise big clouds of dust
for two heats: then she likes to wander
to her own fireside and warm her toes.
It was the same thing over, again to-day
and 'Driver Bunch :-' is entitled to great,
credit for his careful managing, of the
handsome mare. - A; 10 to 6 choice over, the
other three starters. It seemed a shame to
ask tor the money the way- Nora footed
It home. -..' - ' : " : • , '
Then came a challenge in the third heat
from'" McKenna, . a black horse with'F.'
Ward behind him, and the favorite, un-.
able; to respond to punishment, finished
second in 2:18 3-4.' The others going to
the stable, the books laid even, money on
Nora and 1 to 3 on the gentlteman in black.
Nothing daunted'Bunch went away In the
leadwlth McKenna at his bike. As the
stretch was reached' the 'unexpected hap
pened. McKenna stubbed -his ' toe and
Nora came home by herself in: 2:21, • ¦
Named after the city's popular execu
tive,- George Clark was flrst> past the
judges in the scramble for maiden-, two
year-olds at 20 to 1. The youngster re
ceived nice handling at the hands of Rus
sell, /beating the even-money, favorite,'
Flattered, hands down; coming from be
hind." This is the longest priced winner,
of the. meeting-. ... . i A . '
Strongly touted and- backed down to. 8
to 5 favorite, Little Sister, the mount of,
Hoar, took the six-furlong, sprint, in \ a
hara. drive from San "Augustine and^Pi
dalia.' The latter was the best,. but; little^
Howson lost too much ground through
the stretch. 'After leading past. the*, pad
dockvSan "Augustine -'wasv collared". and
beaten a head."*' Lost Girl - sho"wedf no
speed 6 , ' , x ¦""¦¦" "v ¦ - : . j '-.',."
Charley Ross has now reformed and tries
to win whenever, he, gallops, to the post.
This^js good -news: ';• Charley: lived " r up to
his reputation. by capturing another': purse
with 1 Event. - In the betting ori
this face. Wardman closed at even money,
Cromwell backed up from evens to 3 to" 2,
while; Merops" odds drifted 'with the ebb
tide; from 3 to 2 to 5 to 3.. Wardman quit
somewhere:. in' the 'front pike; Cromwell
was '; left and . Hoar, who rode • Merops,
forgot to leave^a call -with the day clerk.-
Coming Event jusv breezed in, with.Mer
ops'fortunate to get the' place from Ma-"
micHildreth. ..- - -• • - -¦¦"
A'lT'tp.lO chance. Royalty came from
the bushes: ln:> the last 'event:- defeating
Redari and L-ulette hands down.- 'Rui'zhad
the leg up on the winner. ¦ .
sold a 10 to 7 favorite over the field, this
being- a top quotation. • His backers were
a trifle nervous when he finished third in
the .opening heat to Banker's Daughter
and Midnight, but It was misplaced ap
prehension. It was just like cracking wal
nuts with a triphammer for the sturdy
side-wheeler to annex the following three
heats.
THURSDA.Y,.v ; Sept. •> 12.— First . pace, 2:13
class.; mile 'heats; ,S in 5-Slr Albert- Gaff Top
sail, John A, V Margaretta. Doc-. Wilkes. Dicta-''
tress, Queen R, El Diablo. J
-"Second, special "pace, mile heats. 3 In' 5-
Hiramonte,- Deacon.: Richard B, Penrose, Our.
Boy's Sister.' ' V • ¦ .:¦:¦<¦'
*< Third,, selling. ; one and five-sixteenths— Rinair
•d£-.110,> .RingmasteF.-riC' :Canejo-n3.7Galanthus'
10J." Limber Jim lid.'. Canderos * 113, ,' Wardmau :
Fourth, two-year-olds, handicap, 'nvc-clghths
—Flo Culver 90, Dawson 90,- Halnault 110. i La
jpldus 106, Huachuca 116, Jarreitierre d'Or 116^ '
Horses .Wiilch Will Start.
/ v £lxth race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
'purse $225: • ... ,-.'$¦¦ -.-' „ ;, - ' -; *
TrV-VB... Sink's- br. g. Royalty 118, -by Cavalier- •„
; of Norfolk (Ruiz), 7 to 10... ....... .'1
Readan,Vch:% g., . 108, by Artillery-Princess "-.
rNorlta"(McNicho]s), 4 to 1..' .....2
b: -': f.; -f 115. by ¦ Bassetlaw-Lulu • S
.Vv^Eansch),' 3 to'l...... '.'...... :.. •.... 3
. *¦¦". ¦ iVS ' ' Time, 1:01%.
-"Senator iBruce .108, Fred Atterbury 108 and
' Sol. -114; also ran. '¦,.'.- •_ ¦
Fifth race— Seven"' an'd a half ¦ furlongs, sell-
Ins: purse' $25Q :¦'--: *.."• -'-v <• • ' .. '-'-"<*?,
Charle3<«Earrs;b. r in.' Coming Event 102, by.'
lCa>adqg,-Katrinka .(Rpss), 5 to 1.... ...:...... 1
Merops; ,.ch. g.; 112, ,by";Brutus-Merope (Hoar), V
r. a.; toys :«¦:•.-. -..•.....- ?...- ;... ............. ...2
Mamie, Hlldreth, b. f.y-:.,103, by ThornhiU
uMaihl^H^Howison), 4 to 1.... 3
'¦.*.<.•.;•:,.<*/? .; -. '¦• "¦- -Tlme. r l:34V4. •-.- - -''
'^¦HcFarlane 112, Wardman 107 and Cromwell
112 also ran. :¦•¦••".¦-,• •/
•Third, race, five furlongs, maiden :two-year
olds; 'purse $225: • ¦ .;
Thomas'^Fox, ch.; g.,.. George Clark, 103. by ••
.•"JTonBOfClty Girl ."(Russell). 20 to 1 1,
Flattered, .'105,; ;b.». f.; v ¦ by Emperor-Flattery
(Hoar). : even"...-... '...'.:'. .: 2'
Jennie -Hughes. 100, ch. f.. by. Racine-Aurelia j
'(Logue), 7 to 2...: :.,...}.... 3
-? ¦ • -..,\Tlme— 1:02%. ' ¦ - / ¦
1 ; Mariosa 100, Yankee Dame- 100 and. Charrctte
103. also. ran. -<_ . '«'.'. ¦ , . - ..¦- ¦' .;'
Fourth race.' six furlongs, selling, purse $225: •
P. E.;; Smith's., b, ni.'- Little", Sister 102, by. • j
Friar i. Tuck-Lowland Lass (Hoar), 8 to 5,.:'l'
Sah Augustine,.- :br/ g., 112, by Emperor ot-'.-',
Norfolk-Hook-, Blonde (Gaffney);. 4. to 1.....2:
Pldalia, blk. -m., 102, % by Idalium-Piquante ¦',
' (Hoyvson), .5 vto l. . .....-....: r. . ; . c. :. .'. .' . . .• 3 ¦
-•-,-¦•:' ¦ . Time; 1:15. '. . . -
Lost Girl 1C9> Howard '112. Mountain Dew 109, i
Rio Colorado 112 and Lief Prince 106 also 'ran.—-.
:.Sec.ond:race.'trotting.:?:24 class, purse $500: '•
NorA.-McKlnney,'.;b. - .-m.. by-;McKinr"i - i . ¦ -
ney (Bunch) 112 1
McKenna, blk. h. . by McKlnney (F.
Ward)' .'..:.........;./. i 4 12;
Prince L, b. g., by Escort (W. •,)
Brown) i 3 2 3 r.
Almonada. b. h., by Eros (Delaney). 2 3 4 r. :
••..' . Time-2:17%, 2:1S&. 2:lSft, 2:21. y.\
Time-2:13»i. 2:16, 2H6V4. 2:20.
Toppy. ch. g., by Delnhl-Sister to
Astor (Whitehead) ....'.... Sill
Banker's. Daughter, by -Arthur
Wilkes (W. Brown)... 13 4 3
Midnight, blk. g., by Nutford (Don
ohuo) 2 2 2 r.
Harry J, b. g., by Reavis-Stelnway.
. (Donathon) 4 5 '3 r.
Dlableta, b. m.. by Diablo (Dwaln)... 6 4 fir.
Wilfred, br. g.. by. Bozero (L*eper).. 5 6 5 r.
Seventh, heavyweight handicap. three-quar
ters—Good Hope 114. Kitty Kelly 105, Bey
Dare 108. Prestidigitator 105, Sir Dougal 115,
Vantlne 10S, , .¦.•••.- •.
Eighth, three-year-olds and up. selling,' flf
teen-slxtecnths — Boardman 110. Mountain .'Pew
106. Bob Palmer 106, Pegalong .106, Casdalg 112.
San Augustine 115, Pongo 110, Galene 10S, Ra
vlno 108, Kastaine 110.
Sixth, handicap. Government stake. One and
an eighth . miles— Vesuvian US. Scotch Plaid
111. Sir Hampton 110, Flush of Gold 113. An
drisa 108. . • . ¦ . .
Fifth, two-year-old fillies, ,S. Slope stake, five
eighths — Inocencia 115, Divlana 115, Doren 110,
Sister Jeannie 115. •
Director Rush of Suisun said that he
had no personal interest one way or the
other, but Sacramento was the logical
place for the State Fair, and here it
should stay. Thf> racetrack and pavilion
properties were hero along with other
State buildings, and this was the place
for the State Fair. Perhaps the present
Agricultural Park site was too valuable
to be kept much longer and might be sold
profitably and cheaper ground bought
further out. But he was against the sug
gestion that the State Fair leave Sacra
mento. = . \-;">v i\ .
Director A. M. Barrett said that, of
course, if the State Fair were located near
a big center of population it would draw
a larger attendance than if situated
where this large population could not
easily be drawn upon. He would hot ex
press his opinion as to .whether the State
Fair should be removed, and added that
nothing would ever be done during his
term of office, which runs another year
Director. Fred Cox said that it was all
nonsense to talk about removing the State
Fair. It would stay where it Is. The Sac
ramento people were all right, declared
Mr. Cox.
Director Charles Paine said that it was
unfortunate that the State Fair Club had
not been able to do as much as last year
in the way, of furnishing vaudeville at
tractions in connection with the pavilion
display, and there were other things
which combined against the fair. Includ
ing the strike in San Francisco; but nev
ertheless the receipts were all right. He
said the San Jose people could not pay
their own purses. He did not believe the
fair would be removed thither or any
where else. He should say "Jim" Rea
was simply giving circulation to some hot
air.
"Santa Clara County now has the Stan
ford University," said he; "it has the
Odd Fellows' Home, which it secured
from Butte County; it has the Mount
Hamilton Observatory, a. State Normal
School and the Agnews State Hospital. It
has enough public institutions now. There
is nothing wrong with our fair here. The
receipts compare favorably with those of
last year. Our receipts at the pavilion on
Monday night exceeded those of the same
night last year. The Sacramento people
are all right and the fair should stay
where it is."
Director Grove L. Johnson of the State
Agricultural Society said that there was
always talk in some quarter or other
about removing the State Fair from Sac
ramento to this point or that. Last win
ter, he said, Oakland wanted it, but as
chairman of the Judiciary Committee of
the House he used his influence to keep
the fair where it was. San Jose should
be content, with what it had, said Mr.
Johnson.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 11.— The proposi
tion suggested by James \V. Rea, the San
Jose politician, that the State Fair be re
moved from Sacramento to San Jose does
not appear to be seriously entertained
here, although the danger of Sacramento
losing the fair at some time or other by
legislative action is admitted. Such of the
directors of the State Board of Agricul
ture as are in town and could be seen
have failed to say anything which would
indicate that they are discussing- the sug
gestion advanced by Rea, while, on the
other hand, Sacramentans generally ridi
cule the suggestion. On the grounds that
Santa Clara County has all the State in
stitutions now that it should have and
that the fact that its district fair is in
debt to Sacramento horsemen for purses
which they won last year show that
the Santa Clara people now have as big a
bite as they can easily chew.
Agricultural Directors Say the Fair
Will Remain There.
BETHLEHEM. Sept. 1L— Fifteen thou
sand people were attracted to the Penn
sylvania State Fair here to-day by the
Anaconda-Joe Patchen pacing match race
for $5000. with $2000 added, best two in
three. Twenty hours of rain left the track
in bad shape. Anaconda won both heats
in a jcg.
Lackawanna stakes, $2000, 2:10 class pace —
Council Chimes won three straight heats in
2:09%. 2:11%. 2:10.
Carlme, The Bishop, Stacker Taylor. Tom
Calhoun Bosinca. and Dlavola also started.
Trotting. 2:23 class, purse $1200 — Leola won
the second, third and fourth heats In 2:17%,
2:13'<4, 2:10%. Toboggan won the first heat in
2:11 Vs.
Lauretta. Betsy Tell, Alberta D, Re-elected
and Red Princess also started.
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards, purse —
Alice Turner won. Van Hoorebeke second. Ida
L«1ford third. Time, HC%. *
Fifth race, raile and twenty yards— Guide
Rock won. Tulla Fonso second. Miss Mae Day
third. Time. 1:48%.
Sixth race, eevtn furlongs, selling — TJterp
won. Ignis second. Grandma II third. Time,
1:23.
SYRACUSE. K. T.. Sept. lL-Grand Circuit
summary:
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Brown
vail won. Two Annies second. Klnloch Park
third. Time. 1:32V4.
Third race, six and a half furlongs, purse—
Huntressa won. Talpa second, -. Sambo tblrd
Time. 1:24%..
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 11. — Delmar Park summary:
First race, six furlongs, selling— George B.
Cox won, Velasquez second, Durrell third.
Time. 1:1SV;. •
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, selling—
Flying Torpedo won. Banish second, Kentucky
Eab« third. Time. 2:00. . •
Fourth race, one and an. eighth miles — Charlie
O'Brien won. Strangest second. Pink Coat
third. Time. 1:57 4-5.
Fifth race, six furlongs, eelling— Pyrrho won,
Lodle S second. Huzza third. Time, 1:18.
Third race, one and e quarter miles, over
five hurflles— Refugee won. Maze second, Dick
Furber third. Time. 2:2t 2-5.
First race, five and a half furlongs— Aladdin
won. Brag second, Amote third. Time, 1:22 2-5.
Second race, 6ix furVmgs — Miss Bennett won,
Burnie Bunton second. The Lady third. Time,
1:17.
CHICAGO. Sept. 11. — Harlem summary:
Sixth rac«. one mile, selling— Tip Gallant
won. Waterhouse second. Chairman ' third.
Time. 1:42%. ''.-..'.j!:
Second race. Jour and a half furlongs— Mattie
Spencer won. Lathrop second. Armlm third.
Time. :56>±.
Third race, one arid, an eighth miles, • celling
— Loone won. Colonel 3aJlentlne secon 1 !. Hand
cuff third. Time. 1 S3. 3-5.
Fourth race. ¦ elx furlongs, selling— The Boer
won. Lizzie A second. Pharoah third. Time,'
1:14*.
Fifth race, ont mile, selling — Rare Perfume
¦won. Rosebud second, Frando third. Time,
1:41.
FORT ERIE. Ont.. Sept. 11.— Summary:
First rate, six and a half furlongs — King's
Pet won. Dcndy Bill eceond, I Know third.
Time. l:22H- • •
Fourth race, ¦Septeitier stakes, 'one and three
eighths n-.ileg— Biues won, Monorka second,
Autollgrht third. Thre, 2:22 S-5.
Fifth race, six lur.ong-s — Bel vino won. Uto
pian second, Locket third. Time, 1:15 1-5.
.Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, on turf-
Nones won, Tusvllle second, Terminus third.
Time. I:S3 S-S.
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Geld Braid won, Cassville second, Rocicr third.
Time, -1:09 2-5.
Second race, one mile, telling: — Bowen ¦won,
Barbara Frietchie second, Alfred Vargrave
third. Time. 1:4! 1-5.
Third race, Autumn stake*, six furlongs —
Leonid won. Major Daingerfield second, Sea
tauka third. Time. 1:1C
NEW TORK. Sept. 1L— Sheepshead Bay re
eulta: . . .. . ,. ,
EASTERN RACING.
The morgue was this morning crowded
by Japanese, one of whom identified the
dead men, but none knew anything con
cerning: the motive of the killing.
Officer McSvvajit is resting comfortably
and iti believed to be practically out of
danger. His hand Is badly shattered, but
the doctors believe he will be able to use
It again, although it will never be as
strong as the other.
A third Japanese has escaped the vigi
lance of the officers. Whether or not he
had anything to do with the shooting is
not known, but he was present when it
took place. He was closely pursued by
Officers Nelson and Ragrsdaie, but eluded
them when their attention was attracted
by the discovery .of the murderer.
Officers Nelson and Ragsdale pursued
the murderer and found him hiding in a
lot in the rear of a house, not far trom.
tne scene of the shooting. When discov
ered he made a dash for liberty, at the
tame time liring at the officers. A few
seconds later he was fatally wounded by
Officer Nelson, the bullet entering the
base of the spine and emerging- from the
left ot the groin. A hack was summoned
and he was removed to jail. He battled
iiercely with his captors, trying to bite
them. Dr. Maupin was summoned, but
in a half hour tfce murderer was dead.
After the altercation had continued five
minutes Kido drew a revolver and shot
Toniguchi twice, one ball "going through
the heart. Toniguchi fell dead. Hearing
the shots. Policeman McSwane ran up to
interfere and Kido shot him, one ball go
ing through the muscles under the left
arm and the other through the palm of
the left hand, shattering the small bones.
Medical aid was summoned and McSwane
was removed to ihe Burnett Sanitarium,
where his wounds were pronounced not
serious. He lost much blood and is very
weak.
FRESNO, Sept- 1L— Two Japanese la
borers, named Kido and Toniguchi, were
killed and Policeman McSwane severely
wounded as the result of a drunken
brawl that occurred in the tenderloin dis
trict at 1:30 o'clock this morning.
Tenderloin Tragedy Costs Two
Lives and Wounding of a
Policeman.
Senator Oneal wants the fair to come to
San Jose, and while he refuses to say
much it is said that urless the State so
ciety takes the desired action a bill reor
ganizing the board and naming San Jose
as the site, of- the State Fair will be in
troduced by him during the next session
of the Legislature.
The plan to' remove the State Fair to
this city is meeting the approval of the
people. Horsemen have held several in
formal meetings, and James W. Rea has
been directed to promote the idea. State
Senator Oneal, who represents the Thirty
first District, has been consulted, not only
for his legal opinion, but also to obtain
his influence to have the changj made.
Rea is out of town at present, but it is
known that he is doing the hardest kind
of work to bring- the fair to San Jose.
G. Y. Bol linger. Dr. Nash, F. W. Covey
of the Stanford stock farm and others
are enthusiastic over, the project. About
the county are located Rea's Vendome
stables, Donahue's Laurelwood farm.
Boots' Elmwood farm and the Stanford
stock farm, anJ all of these concerns are
said to be a unit in favor of bringing the
fair to this city.
Secretary H. H. Main of the Santa Cla
ra Agricultural Society said to-day:
"Of course, we want the State Fair, and
San Jose ought to get it. This is the
natural place for the State Fair. We have
one of the best parks in the State, and
there Is none that equals it except Los
Angeles. Both the running, and the trot
ting tracks were clayed at an expense of
I S40U0, and they are of the best. Horsemen
from all over the State have praised the
track. "We have seventy-seven acres here
and it is all available for a State Fair.
Besides the equable climate.that is bo de
sirable for the training of horses, we
have the finest system of water works of
any racetrack in the State, and then there
are the beautiful groves of trees for shade
for exercising the stock on hot and sultry
days. There are 350 box-stalls on the
grounds for horses and fifty stalls for cat
tle. There is a fine grand stand for the
racecourse. The big pavilion would be
ample for all the exhibits of ¦. the State
Fair. Besides these we have a cement bi
cycle track, with grand stand, that cost
more than $8000, and there are good base
ball and football grounds."
Senator Oneal said: "I have been con
sulted by a number of those. interested in
the movement now on foot to move the
State Fair from Sacramento, with a view
of determining whether or not it would be
necessary to obtain the passage of an act
of the Legislature authorizing the change.
After a careful examination of the stat
utes 1 ¦ find nothing that prohibits the
State Agricultural Board from taking
such action as it may deem advisable. At
most it would require nothing more than
a resolution directing that the next State
Fair meet in San Jose, and that In itself
would be sufficient, in my mind."
SAN JOSE, Sept. 11.— Santa Clara Coun
ty is willing to take the State Fair off
Sacramento's hands, and the movement
to this end Is assuming some proportions.
San Jose is the main factor In the fight,
and it is proposed to locate the annual
State exhibit in this city. San Jose claims
to have the best racetrack in the State
for a meeting such as is held in connec
tion with the State Fair.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Next Legislature if Un
successful Now.
Fight May Be Carried Into
Fresno Japanese Assas
sin Tries to Bite His.
..Captors... i
Sah Jose Working Hard
to Wrest It From;
Sacramento.
DIG MURDERER
FIGHTS OFFICERS
LIVELY CONTEST
FOR STATE FAIR
XUJS. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1901^
Captures the First, Second and Fourth Heats-Starter Brooks Suspends
Jockey "Chub" Russell for Remainder of Meeting-Favorites Finish
First in Four of the Six Events on the Card to Joy of tfie Talent
NORA M'KINNEY WINS THE 2:24 TROT
CLEVERLY AT STATE FAIR MEETING
The exercises began with the 2:25 pace,
which fell to the stylish little chestnut.
Toppy, driven by C. W. Whitehead. Toppy
Poor "Chub" Russell has a knack of
continually keeping .in trouble. It is dol
lars to a Lodi watermelon that if he were
to fall from a balloon he would land in
the Bering- Sea and freeze to death. He
has sorely tried the patience of Starter
"Jim" Brooks and after getting left at
the post on Cromwell in the fifth event
was suspended for the balance of the
week.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 11.— As the
State Fair meeting nears its close
the attendance at Agricultural
Park apparently improves and the.
sport takes on a much more glossy .
and refined appearance. To-day the. big.
grand stand was crowded and a. surging
mass of humanity down in the betting,
ring tried another round of it -with the
pencilers. It is said Caesar Young had
"won out" some two or three- days ago
on his $17,500 bid for the privilege, so a
trivial loss or bo does not worry, the Eng
lish-Oakland bookie and his staff. The
talent put in quite a profitable day as
four out of six choices rung up bullseyes.
4
SACRAMENTO NOT ALARMED.
THE SNAKE DANCE
AT WALPI.
By S. Glenn Andrus.
THE STORY OF MEXICO'S
INDEPENDENCE
THE HAUNTING OF AMOS.
LUNT, HANGMAN.
THE TRAGIC DEATHS OF
GREAT MEN.
I ARE THE YOUNG MEN 1
OF SAN FRANCISCO SPEND- |
1 luxix 1 o»
JAPAN OF 1853 AND JAPAN 1
f> OF TO-DAY.
By Rear Admiral L. A. Bcardslee.
WILL REBUILD THE SPAN-
ISH HIGHWAY. j
AND PAGES OF HUMAN i
INTEREST • STORIESTO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
Well, Did You Ever
Need a dress suit case, traveling roll,
trunk, valise, comb, brush, lap tablet,
p'ocketbook. cardcase, bill book, camera or
anything else in leather? If you want
the best and would like to have your
name lettered in gold on fine leather
goods, free, call at Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s,
741 Market street. . .. ' --¦ •
. A Chinese member oO the crew of the
steamship Belgian King escaped- ashore
last Tuesday and the matter was reported
to Customs Collector Stratton yesterday.
Chinese Sailor, Illegally Landed.
In the. statement of the Southern Pa
cific "Company, of the fruit shipments of
this year'.for the' season ending Septem
ber, la very' noticeable decrease will be
remarked' when 'they are compared -with
the corresponding shipments of the same
season. last year. The books last year
: sh6w'ed -'shipments amounting to 47.0S1
cars, while this year only 42.015 cars have
been sant over' the rails. This is a de
crease of more, than 5000 carloads of fruit.
The difference is still more marked when
it is remembered that the cars are now
only loa-ded.wl.th- twelve tons, while those
of last year, carried thirteen.' ;.
•-"The 'reason > of this is the. falling off this
year. in : -trie ..crops . t of cherries, early
peaches and 'apricots. *•
NOTICEABLE DECREASE
IN FRUIT SHIPMENTS
Southern Pacific, Company Reports
! Falling Off of More Than 5000
. . - ¦-',,.. ' Carloads.
, The secretary of the board was author
ized to draw the : monthly salary demand
of each teacher who contributes to the
public school teachers' annuity and re
tirement - fund for : the amount due said
,teacher, less the contribution of 50 cents
or'$r ' . - •
'The eum heretofore allowed to the Poly
technic and Lowell High schools for
maintenance of- basket-ball clubs was or
dered to be discontinued. :
Leaves of absence were granted to
Julia' C. Miles and Annette Theisen.
A resolution was adopted- providing that
any teacher in the School Department
taking a leave of absence for. six or more
months forfeits the right to return to any
particular school.
The Iaw3 of health are- being violated in
nearly every schoolroom because of the over
crowded condition. In many of the classrooms
are seated fifty or more pupils. As a result
the cubic air ordinance is violated and proper
ventilation especially in inclement weather is
out. of the question. • . -.
. At the ; John Swett School about fifty pupils
were refused admittance. In the Moulder an
other class could have been filled. , All the
classes of the Washington, Hancock and Jean
Parker'.were visited and inspected with refer
ence to seating. There Is not a school In which
there is proper seating throughout. Some seats
are so high as not to permit the feet to rest
upon the floor. Some desks are too low and
some . too : close together.
The attendance of the Clement is crowded,
there being ten classes having . over fifty en
rolled. Pupils applied for admission to this
school and could not be accommodated. The
same statement applies to the Spring Valley
Grammar School. • -. . • ¦
The, report says In part:
The members of the Board of Educa
tion were made uncomfortable -at . the
meeting yesterday morning- by Superin
tendent Webster, who in" a scathing re
port, directed attention to their shortcom
ings 'as exemplified In existing conditions
in the schools. Webster did not mince
words. "He stated that the attendance
was congested; that many of the schools
were in an unsanitary condition, and that
the principals should be disciplined for
neglecting to keep a record of the chil
dren who had. been refused admittance to
the schools owing to the classes being
overcrowded.
President Kincaid said that some
amends would , be made by establishing
new classes and by directing principals to
file a report of all pupils applying for ad
mission. : •. . : .
Reports That Many of the
Buildings. Lack Proper
Ventilation.
Superintendent Calls At
tention to Class Over
, crowding.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS
IN POOR SHAPE
FROM SEATTLE.
THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 12.
Sun rises : ' 5:48
Sun . sets — . . . . .• 6 :2l
Moon rlse3 (new) . 5:29 a. m.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights 'of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published - by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur" at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
NOTE— In the above exposition of th« tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time: tho
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts.' except when a minus ( — )
Bign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Carrollton will load coal at Tacoma for
Time Sail.
Branch Hydrosraphlc Office, ! U. S. : N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, • . Cal.,
September 11. 1901. \. : ,: , :
The time ball was not dropped to-day on ac
count of : defective circuit. • • •
\ -¦¦.-¦¦ •«-.. • C. G. CALKINS.
¦•' Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge
John Anfiblo was treated at the Harbor
Hospital yesterday for a gunshot wound
in the hand. The lad was told by his
mother to clean up a boarder's room. He
found a re\*olver on the table and exam
ined the mechanism.
The mail steamship Sonoma arrived at
Auckland, N. Z., on the 10th inst. She
left here at C:30 p. m. on August 22 and
made long stops at Honolulu and Pago
Pago. -A-,, < ,
The British ship Glenesslin went to Port
Costa to load yesterday, and the Engle
horn came down loaded and ready for sea.
The Falls of Clyde went on the Union
Iron Works drydock to be cleaned and
painted.
The ship Centennial arrived from the
canneries yesterday with a cargo of 30,806
cases of salmon. She left the ship Berlin
at Cooks Inlet, expecting to sail to San
Francisco August 30.
Water Front Notes.
The anxiously looked for codflsher Ara
go arrived from Bering Sea yesterday.
She was reported ashore on the Alaskan
coast, and then she was said to be at
sea when the disaster was supposed to
have occurred. The fact of the matter Is
the schooner was close in to a shelv
ing beach while the captain took aboard
a supply of fresh water. .She was never
in any danger, however, and brought a
cargo of 75,000 cod 'into port.
Schooner Arago Arrives.
The steam collier Tampico returned to
port Tuesday night. She left here
for Seattle on the 7th inst., and soon after
leaving port ran into a northwester.
While bucking the gaie the supply of coal
was almost exhausted, and the captain,
seeing he could not make the Sound with
what was left, put about and ran for San
Francisco. The Tampico went to Rosen
feld's bunkers yesterday and took in a
fresh supply of fuel. She will sail for the
Sound this morning.
Collier Tampico Returns.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ven
tura sails for Australasian ports and the
Pacific Mail Company's China for the
Orient to-day. The former vessel will
take away nearly 150 cabin and over 100
second cabin and steerage passengers.
The China had 125 cabin passengers
booked last evening and over 200 Chinese
in the steerage. The Ventura is" to sail at
10 a. m. if the English mails are on time,
and the China will get away at 1 p. m.
Both steamships touch at Honolulu.
Mail Steamers. to Sail.
Lilly Feth is suing Frank Feth for an
annulment of the marriage ceremony per
formed in Oakland August 17. 1901. Mrs.
Feth in her complaint charges her hus
band with falsely representing his condi
tion in life. She alleges that Feth claimed
to have property in Buffalo. X. Y., money
in the bank and a pension of $16 per
month from the Government. She claims
that since their marriage she has found
that he had no money, property or pen
sion, and that he is unable to provide her
with the comforts which he promised.
Wants the Marriage Annulled.
Unhappy Couples Legally Separated.
The following divorces were granted
yesterday: Augiistus Shaughnessy from
Anastasia Shaughnessy for willful deser
tion. Sophia J. Gilfallon from A. F. Gil
failon for failure to provide and Annie
Duane from Timothy Duane for extreme
cruelty.
The following suits for divorce wer«
filed: Ella O. Wiedero from Henry O.
Wiedero for failure to provide. Flora Tay
lor from Joseph Taylor for cruelty, Sarah
F. Trumble from Caleb S. Trumble for
cruelty, Josephine Colvin from John A.
Colvin for failure to provide and Machin
k-Keelelan from T. H. T. Keelelan for in-
Passed in Sept 11— Chll bark Admiral Teget
thoff, from Antofoeasta; schr Maria E Smith,
hence Auk 21, for Port Gamble; schr Albert
Meyer, from San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 11— Bktn Aargo, for
San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Launched Sept 11— Schr
Alpena.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 6— Schr Henry
WiUon, for San Francisco; schr C A Thayer,
for San Francisco. ¦ _
Arrived Sept 10 — Schr Jennie Stella, from" San
Pedro; BChr Halcyon, from Altata.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 11— Bark Coryphene,
from . Pert Townsmd.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Alllanca.
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— Sailed Sept 11-Stmr Mineola, for
Port Los' Angeles.
VICTORIA— Arrived Sept 8— Br stmr Tartar,
from Honekonsr.
Sailed Seat 7— Br bark Kate F Troop, for
Port Blakeley.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Sonoma,
hence Aic 22.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Sept 10— Ger ship
Wega, from Portland, Or. .
Sailed Se;it 11— Stmr Mineola, for Port Los
Angeles. .
HAMBURG— Arrived Sept. 9— Br bark As
toria, from Oresron.
' QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept »— Br bark
Carradale, from Tacoma. . , ¦ ,
CALLAO— Sailed Sept 11— Ger stmr Sesostris,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
. CHERBOURG— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Patri
cia, from Hamburg. Sept 11— Stmr . Deutsch
land, from New York, via Plymouth,' for Ham
burg;.
Sailed Sent 11— Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm der
Grosse, . from Bremen and Southampton, for
New Yor!:. ' . - : .
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York.'
NAPLES— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr Trave, from
New. York, via Gibraltar, for Genoa, and pro
ceeded. «*•
AUCKLAND— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr Sonoma,
from San Francisco, via Honolulu and Apia,
for Sydney. ¦ • .
¦ HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Sept 11— Stmr
America Mam, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu. Yokohama, Nagasaki and Shanghai. ,
GLASGOW— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York. .
LONDON— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr Mesaba,
from New York. • ' >
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived . Sept 11 — Stmr
Rhynland, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool..
Arrived Sept 11 — Stmr Germanic, from New
York, for Liverpool. . ¦ - • ,
" YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Empress
of India, from HonKkonK, • for Vancouver. ¦ -. .
LI VERPOOL— Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Noord
land. for Philadelphia.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Kai
ser WilJielm der Grosse, from . Bremen, for
New York, via Cherbourg. ' ' . • .
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 11— Stmr State of.
Nebraska, for Glasgow; Etmr Philadelphia, for
Southampton; stmr Vaderland, from Antwerp,
via Cherbourg; stmr Majestic, for Liverpool. -
Arrived Ser>t 11— Stmr Lahn, from Bremen
and Southampton.
Shipping Intelligence.
/ ARRIVED.
Wednesday, September 11.
Stmr Ssquoia, Winkle, 13 hours from Fort
Brags.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman. 96 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, 15 hours from Al
bion, v. • • •
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen. 25 hours from Eu
reka.
Ship Centennial, Stanhard, 15 days -from
Cooks Inlet.
Sehr Arago, Mclntcsh, 15 days from Bering
Se<i.
Schr Ne\yark, Crangle, 1C hours from Stew
arcs Point.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, September 11.
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, Guaymas; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. • -
Fr bark Montebello, Marchandoon, Queens
town: Glrvln & Eyre. •
Schr Vine, Small, Salinas Cruz, via Mendo
clno; C A Hooper & Co. •
"SAILED.
Wednesday, September lL
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, Port Harford.
Stmr Leelanaw, Monroe, Panama.
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, Guaymas. •
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, Eureka.
Stmr Aberdeen. Jensen, Eureka.
Ship Santa Clara, Linberg. Karluk.
Br bark William Law, Hurlbert, Queens
town.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, Ventura.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodegra.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Olea. Johnson. Eureka, in tow stmr
Aberdeen.
Schr Kallua, Hellquist, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 11, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NVV, velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOKS INLET— To sail Aug 30— Ship Berlin,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 11— Schr Ethel
Zane, from Tacoma; schr Prosper, from Ball
ard; stmr Pasadena, from Eureka. .
SEATTLE— Sailed Sept 11— Br stmr Manau
ense, for St Michael; stmr Portland, for Nome;
Arrived Sept 10 — Stmr Pleiades, hence Sept 6.
NEAII BAY— Passed outward Sept 11— Stmr
Matteawan. for San Francisco. i
Mrs. Webber was granted ten days to
file her answer. She will deny the charge
of intemperance and file a cross-complaint
asking for a divorce from Webber on the
ground of desertion.
Attorney Costello. representing Mrs.
Webber, brought the matter to the atten
tion cf Judge Sloss yesterday and secured
an order setting aside the decree of di
vorce, thus reopening the case.
Webber went quietly to the City Hall
afterward and secured a decree of divorce
by default.
Charles Webber, who began an action
for divorce from his wife several months
ago upon the grounds of Intemperance
and desertion, will not be rid of her as
easily as he expected. Webber played a
shrewd trick after having the pa
pers filed. He returned to his wife r.nd
behaved so well that he prevailed upon
her to destroy the papers she had been
served with as a party to the suit.
Decree Is Set Aside "When Court
Learns Tliat It "Was Obtained
Through Trickery.
CHAELES WEBBER SECUBES
DIVORCE IN NOVEL WAY
The French bark Montebello was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 53,-
S60 ctls barley, valued at $48,000. 13,629 ctls
wheat, valued at $13,650, and 23,000 feet lum
ber dunnage, valued at $350.
Shipment of Grain.
The State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners held a short session yesterday and
did much routine work. The chief wharf
inger was instructed to notify all lumber
dealers that lumber now on the wharves
must be removed within forty-eight hours
after notice, or else storage rates will be
charged.
Cleveland Dam, attorney for the Build
ing Trades Council, notified the board
that no appeal would be taken in the
Emanuel case. When the furnishing of
the new. water front' postoffice was under
way L. & E. Emanuel violated the eight
hour law. The Building Trades Council
made a strenuous objection to payment
being made, and the contractors had to
sue for their money. The Superior Court
gave the Emanuels a decision, and the
council through its attorney now informs
the board that it will not appeal.
After passing the regular weekly bills
the board adjourned.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
warrant the taking of the pilot-boat from
Oakland to Sausalito, where everything
could move along under the personal su
pervision of Captain "Alec" Swanson. .
It was here that the launch : Augusta
was pressed Into service. Captain Swan
son wanted the Lady Mine at anchor in
Richardson Bay before dark, and the
wind was light, so a tow was in order.
The Augusta made fast to the pilot-boat
and made good progress until Alcatraz
was abeam. Then the towing line parted
and the Lady Mine started up the Sacra
mento on the flood tide. The Augusta
caught her off Angel Island and an at
tempt was made to get through Raccoon
Straus. When off the quarantine station
the launch broke down and both vessels
were rapidly drifting ashore, when the
Lady Mine's anchor was let go and held.
The pilot-boat could have made sail and
reached Sausalito, but she could not tow
the launch and the latter had no anchor.
After working an hour over his engines
Harry Johnson finally got ready for an
other start, but the anchor of. the . pilot
boat was not more than out of water
when the launch broke down again. This
time the Lady Mine's anchor did not
hold, and both schooner and launch had
a narrow escape. Finally everything was
straightened out and the Augusta and
her tow reached Sausalito. Harry John
son offered Captain bwansona trip back
to San Franciuco, but the offer was de
clined with thanks, and the gallant pilot
slept on the so ft side of an eight-foot plank
in the Lady Mine's dismantled cabin. It
was lucky he did so, as the Augusta
broke down again and nearly drifted to
sea. It was early in the morning when
Captain Johnson finally got her back to
Folsom street, where she was laid up for
repairs.
Honolulu: the Cara, wheat at Tacoma for
Europe, 40s: the Dauntless, lumber at-Fair
haven for Honolulu: the %>olano. lumber ,on
Puget Sound for Shanghai, 47s 6d, chartered
prior to arrival.
PILOT-BOAT LADY MINE AND LAUNCH AUGUSTA IN TROUBLE. WHILE ON THE WAY FROM OAKLAND
CREEK TO SAUSALITO THE LAUNCH BROKE DOWN AND HAD IT NOT BEEN FOR THE SKILl!;OF
CAPTAIN SWANSON OF THE PILOT-BOAT THERE MIGHT HAVE BEEN A DISASTER. ! ; .'.' V
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a resolution transferring the bal
ance of the school tund for the flo
ral year 1899-1900, amounting to 522,966 OS,
10 the credit of the surplus fund
cf 1900-1901 to cover the payments to
fchool teachers on salaries of previous
years. This action was taken notwith
standing the fact that the charter con
tains a specific provision that the residue
of the school fund shall not so to the
surplus fund, but shall be carried over
Into the next fiscal year to be used for
discharging obligations incurred during
that period.
Auditor Wells holds that the resolution
is illegal and says that some other means
must be found to liquidate the indebted
ness to teachers.
Ordinances were finally passed denning
the districts for the maintenance of car
pet beating works, tanneries or shoddy
mills; regulating the speed of automobiles
and providing- for the storage of gasoline
or petroleum for the machines; providing
for the full acceptance of Washington
street between Franklin and Gbugh;
North Point street between Van Ne?s
avenue and L.arkin. and Dolores street
between Twentv-third ind Twentv- i
fourth.
The ordinance providing for the punish
ment of persons found guilty of defraud
ing livery stable keepers and imposing a
license of $4 per quarter on keepers of sta
bles who rent horses or vehicles was
passed to print.
The Tax Collector was authorized to ap
point forty extra clerks for a temporary
period.
A permit was granted to the Harbor
Commissioners to extend a series of nine
tracks of the belt railroad from Sea Wall
lot 14 over and across Broadway, between
Davis and Drumm streets, to Sea Wall
lot 15.
The City Attorney was asked for an
opinion whether the Board of Supervisors
may legally deduct trenching inspection
fees amounting to S630 from the Spring
VsJley Water Company's bills for furnish
ing water to the city.
The Pacific Telephone Company was re
buked again when the payment of de
mands amounting- to ?436S for telephone
service furnished the city during 1S93 and
drawn agrainst the suprplus fund was de
nied. The resolution recites that payment
be deferred until such time as the com
pany meets its obligations in the payment
of license taxes on its r.ickel machines,
as prescribed by ordinances.
The International Association of Ma
chinists was granted a permit to give a
boxing exhibition September 15, 190L
Auditor Says Transfer Is in
Violation of Provisions
of the Charter.
Supervisors Provide for
Payment of Teachers'
Back Salaries.
CREDITS MONEY
TO SCHOOL FUND
>*¦ THE SAN FRANCISCO, GALL, "THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1901.
Part Company Off Alcatraz and Drift Toward Shore— -Launch Breaks Down
Twice in Raccoon; Straits but ttie Lady Mine's Anchors Hold and Save
Both From Destruction— -Pilot-Boat Takes Six flours to Reach Sausalito
PILOT-BOAT LADY MINE AND LAUNCH
AUGUSTA NARROWLY ESCAPE DISASTER
THE pilot-boat Lady Mine and the
gasoline launch 'Augusta had a
stormy time of it on the . bay
Tuesday night. One was helping
the other from Oakland Creek to
Sausalito. Once they parted company and
twice they nearly went ashore on Alca
traz and Angel Island. After about six
hours of hard work the pilot-boat was
finally landed at an anchorage off the San
Francisco Yacht Club boathouse, while
the launch started for San Francisco. On
the way the latter nearly went to sear,
and it was only after four hours of labor
that the captain got her back to the Fol
som-street float. All of yesterday the
Augusta was under repairs.
The Lady Mine is laid up for her year
ly overhauling. A new water tank was
put in at Boole's yard. The accommoda
tions for the pilots were' torn out and new
bunks and living-rooms will be put in.
The work had progressed far enough to
5
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Steamer., • I . : From. ; - .| Due. •
From.
I Due.
p I
Edith...........' San Diego •.....".,¦..¦....-. Sept. 12
Mandalay...... Ooqui.lle River ..-.',•••• Sept. 12
Matteawan;... ¦ Tacoma ';•...:. .:..*.-.','.:.. Sept. "12
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 12
Femora Humbo'dt :.... ...... Sept. 12
Arcata... £ Coos Bay...:.:..:.. 1 ..'... Seot.>12
Asuncion....:.. Seattle' ...:........'...'... Se,)t. 13
Point Arena..'. Point Arena .'....• Sept. 13
Doric...;..."...". China and Japan." Sept. 13
San Bias Panama & Way Ports: Sept. "ll
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports..... Sept. 11
Eureka ..:.. Humboldt ,..:..:.'.. .:.... Sept. 14
North Fork.... Humboldt Sept. 11
Colombia....:.: Valparaiso & Way Pts. S^pt. 15
Washtenaw Tacoma Sept. If.
Memphis Hamburg & Way. PtS. Sept. 1<5
PleiarJra Seattle Sept. 17
Rainier Seattle &N. Whatcom Sept. 17
Ccroua nedondo & Way Ports. S«pt. 17
Mariposa \: Honolulu' .'...: Sept. IS'
-TJmatillo ... Puget Sound .-Ports.*-.".. Sept. 19
Nippon Maru... ChinR 'jind : Japan.. -...".. | Sept. 20
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Westport
St. Paul
Corona
Serapls
China
Ventura
Czarina.:
O. W. Elder.
City Puebla..
Arcata
Pomona
1 |- 1
September 12.- •'¦ ¦ ';•
Bear Harbor.'..'..... 3 piri Pier 2
Nome & St Michael 10 am Pier. 24
Redondo & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 27
China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Sydney :& Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
September 13.
Seattle & Taeoma. 5 pm Pier —
Portland.*. Astoria 11 am Pier; 24
Puget Sound Ports U am'Pler 9
September 14. I "¦';
Coos Bay..., 12 m]Pler 13
Humboldt 1:30 p Pier '9
September 15. ' .' -
Humboldt :......... 10 am Pier 2
San Diego & Way Sam Pier ll
September 16.
Humboldt '. fl am Pier 13
Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
September 18. - J
Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier ! 9
Panama & AVay... 12 m PMSS
September 10. • - .'•¦',..
Humboldt : 3 am Pier . 2
September 2O. ¦ ¦¦• f—
China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Valparaiso & Way.|12 m Pier 10
San Pedro....
Santa Kosa..
Eureka
Point Arena..
Australia
Walla Walla.
Newport
North Fork..
Doric
Colombia
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Dtrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept 12
Garonne Nome direct........ Sepf 12
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way. Ports. Sept. 13
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 13
Centennial Nome & Teller Sept. 15
Al-Ki..... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 18
Dolphin Skaguay &.Way Ports. Sept. 16
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept IS
Oregon Nome & Teller Sept: 18
¦ Time ' ! Time i Time
Date Ft. Ft.
L W II ; W L .W
L2 ". 4:45 0.5 11:27 5.4 5:05
13 ... 5:21 0.9 11:59 6.4 5:46
|HW L. W H W
14 ...| 0:15 5.0 5:53 1.3 12:30
15 ... 1:00 4.S 6:25 1.6 1:00
16 .. 1:50 4.5 6:66 2.0 1:29
17 .. 2:40 4.3 7:30 2.4 1:56
8 ...| 3:35 -4.0| S:10: 2.8 2:36!
Time
Ft. Ft.
H W
1.3 11:29 5.3
1.1
L. W
5.6 6:28 1.0
5.3 7.05 0.9
5.3 7:50 0.9
5.1 8:35 '0.3
5.0| 9:30| 0.S
Steamer., • I . : From. ; - .| Due. •
From.
I Due.
p I
Edith...........' San Diego •.....".,¦..¦....-. Sept. 12
Mandalay...... Ooqui.lle River ..-.',•••• Sept. 12
Matteawan;... ¦ Tacoma ';•...:. .:..*.-.','.:.. Sept. "12
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 12
Femora Humbo'dt :.... ...... Sept. 12
Arcata... £ Coos Bay...:.:..:.. 1 ..'... Seot.>12
Asuncion....:.. Seattle' ...:........'...'... Se,)t. 13
Point Arena..'. Point Arena .'....• Sept. 13
Doric...;..."...". China and Japan." Sept. 13
San Bias Panama & Way Ports: Sept. "ll
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports..... Sept. 11
Eureka ..:.. Humboldt ,..:..:.'.. .:.... Sept. 14
North Fork.... Humboldt Sept. 11
Colombia....:.: Valparaiso & Way Pts. S^pt. 15
Washtenaw Tacoma Sept. If.
Memphis Hamburg & Way. PtS. Sept. 1<5
PleiarJra Seattle Sept. 17
Rainier Seattle &N. Whatcom Sept. 17
Ccroua nedondo & Way Ports. S«pt. 17
Mariposa \: Honolulu' .'...: Sept. IS'
-TJmatillo ... Puget Sound .-Ports.*-.".. Sept. 19
Nippon Maru... ChinR 'jind : Japan.. -...".. | Sept. 20
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Westport
St. Paul
Corona
Serapls
China
Ventura
Czarina.:
O. W. Elder.
City Puebla..
Arcata
Pomona
1 |- 1
September 12.- •'¦ ¦ ';•
Bear Harbor.'..'..... 3 piri Pier 2
Nome & St Michael 10 am Pier. 24
Redondo & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 27
China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Sydney :& Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
September 13.
Seattle & Taeoma. 5 pm Pier —
Portland.*. Astoria 11 am Pier; 24
Puget Sound Ports U am'Pler 9
September 14. I "¦';
Coos Bay..., 12 m]Pler 13
Humboldt 1:30 p Pier '9
September 15. ' .' -
Humboldt :......... 10 am Pier 2
San Diego & Way Sam Pier ll
September 16.
Humboldt '. fl am Pier 13
Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
September 18. - J
Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier ! 9
Panama & AVay... 12 m PMSS
September 10. • - .'•¦',..
Humboldt : 3 am Pier . 2
September 2O. ¦ ¦¦• f—
China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Valparaiso & Way.|12 m Pier 10
San Pedro....
Santa Kosa..
Eureka
Point Arena..
Australia
Walla Walla.
Newport
North Fork..
Doric
Colombia
¦ Time ' ! Time i Time
Date Ft. Ft.
L W II ; W L .W
L2 ". 4:45 0.5 11:27 5.4 5:05
13 ... 5:21 0.9 11:59 6.4 5:46
|HW L. W H W
14 ...| 0:15 5.0 5:53 1.3 12:30
15 ... 1:00 4.S 6:25 1.6 1:00
16 .. 1:50 4.5 6:66 2.0 1:29
17 .. 2:40 4.3 7:30 2.4 1:56
8 ...| 3:35 -4.0| S:10: 2.8 2:36!
Time
Ft. Ft.
H W
1.3 11:29 5.3
1.1
L. W
5.6 6:28 1.0
5.3 7.05 0.9
5.3 7:50 0.9
5.1 8:35 '0.3
5.0| 9:30| 0.S
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Dtrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept 12
Garonne Nome direct........ Sepf 12
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way. Ports. Sept. 13
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 13
Centennial Nome & Teller Sept. 15
Al-Ki..... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 18
Dolphin Skaguay &.Way Ports. Sept. 16
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept IS
Oregon Nome & Teller Sept: 18
j BATL-WAY TRAVEL.
i SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
j Trains 1«lu't« nntl mr«> 4nt *• nrrlv* a»*
i KAN rtCA M V I M«:«».
{• ; (Main Line, root of Market Stewt)
!j 'L«AT« - TBQM JTJLT li. 1801. - AKltlTl
P. 7:OOa Benitftt, Sniiua, Elmtm and 8aer»-
I m«BU> «,tif
¦ *:<K»i.V»c»iflli), Winter*, Ruiuaej ?>33p
[ •JiSOa M»rtiu8».S»MlUaiou,V»lleJo. S»pm,
{ C»lUtog*»mlS»nU Rom «tt3p
SiOOa O»tU, Woodland, Knlg&ta L»ndlr«,
iM»rj»»ltle. OrofilK. 7j5"»P
' 8<«Oa AM»utio Kzpress— Ogden »od East 12:23p
»:»«a JTUo*. Lathrop, Stockton.. t-.Z^r
»:»OxSiltM, Meadota. Hanford. ViaaUa,
Potterrlll* 4:33»
SiSOa ShMte Eiprest— DaTia, WilliMMffor
Bsrtlett Springs), WOlowi. Bad
Bluff, PorUand. .• 7iS3p
*!»•* Sau Joss. Lliermore, Stockton.
' lone. 8»cr»niBoto, PUoentlls,
M«rj(iTll!», Chico, lte.l IMult 4>2.1r
S:SOa Oskdmlr, Chlneto (Ycsemite). So-
nars* Carters 4:23p
; !»:OO* Hay ward. Miles and Way SUtloni.. 1 1 155*
»t»«AVaileJo 12:23r
W:O«a Ix» Annies Kxpran — Martina,
Traoj, Latbroo, Stockton. Merctd
Fresno snd Los Angeles 7:S3r
•:.1«A Vallol... Martinez and Way Stations 7:3.1 p
J »:O0 a Th« OTerland fimtted— Ogdeo, Den-
ver, Oiuaha. Chicago SitSp
(I:nOrSao[»m«iitoUlurHw«nint< 13iO»a.
Z:3«r Haywaid. Nll<-« and W«t Stations.. 7:33 r
4iu«r Jieulola, Winters, naotamsnto.
Woixlland, Knigliti jAodlng,
MarjitiUe, OrovllU I 0:3.1 a.
¦4ia«rirwUii«i, Hail lUmon. Vall«K
Narn^ «.'allstot«.. K»nl«. Kon ¦•!«*
4<OOr Nile", TJTeimoio, Stockton, Lodl... I3;43r
4iSur Hajnrmrd, Mies, Han Jose. LlTtrmor* tN:»3 A ,
4iS*p Port Costa. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 1 «:23\
SsOOpThe Owl Limited— Freiuo, TuUre,
BakeraQeld. Saagns for 3»uta> Bar-
bara, Los Angeles 9.53* -
SsOOp Martlnri. Antioch. Stockton, Mer-
• eed, Fresno 12:23?
Si««pYoseaalt9 12it3r
. 3t3«pNew Orleans Eipre»a Meadota.
Fresno. BakenfieJd. Iios Anceies.
Doming, El Paeo. -New Orleans
and East TtASA.
0:OOr Bajnard, Hlles and San Jose -1iO3a
tOiOOpTaUejo Il:33<
•tOOr Oriental Mail— Ogdea, Cheyenne.
Omaba, Chicago 13:23p
• iO6r Oriental Mall— Ogdeo. Denver.
St. Louis. Chicajo. 4:J3f '
7iOOr Oregon aud California Cipreis. Has. I .>-
rKineiitn. Maniillle, JCeiMIng,
PortUiul. ruget Noimd and l'.ast S>33a
SivSrBan Pablo. Port Coata, Marlines
and Waj Statloss 11>S3a
t»l<t3p Vallejn 7i3-->r
COAST LINE (Nurro.* liaN K «).
(Foot of Market Sfcraet.)
J7 it 5 a Santa Cruz Excursion to rianta Craz
and Principal Way Stations {SiOSy
StlSAJTewark.CenteMlIle.SanJcse.Fplton,
BonlderCreek.SantaOmiand Way
Stations 3i5i»p
13:1 ay Hsw»rk, OenterTille, Ban Jose, No*
Abnaden. Kelton, HouMer Creek.
8anU Crnz and l"rlndc»l War
SUUous ll»i.1»i
4:l.1r Newark, Sau Jose, Los Gatos....... f*'- 1 '**
«4tl6r Ql«nwood.BonldCTCreek,3antaCnu «»»3»a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
frail S1I mSCISCO— root of Iirkit StrMt (SU? S>—
t7:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:93 1:00 3:15r.u.
frtlsOittllP— 'MUflrMdwij.— 1«:«0 tS:0O tS;OJ
10:00A.M. 12:00 8:83 4:C8f.M. '
COAST jLIXE (Rroail Gauge).
- (Third and Townaand Sta.) '
' CtlOASaa Jose and Way autions, iT55I ¦
l I7:0Oa Rail Jose and Way Stations liS*p
/7tS)«A New Almadeii..... /4:10r
J7s*Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose. -
SanU Cruz. Pacific Grore and ¦-'.;-'.
Principal Way Stations tS:3Oy
9iO0a Man Jose. HoOIiter. Haiita Cruc.
PaoIHe Uiote, Salinas. San Lois
Obispo. 8anta> Barbara ami Prin-
cipal iutermedUte Htatluna 7iSO*
IOiSOa Ban Jose and Way Stations.......... Os3Op
1 IiSOa Han Jose ami Way SUtions StSOp
fSt4»r San Mateo. ltedwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Olara, Sm .lnae.
' HollUter, 8au»» Ornz, Salinma. " " •>
Montereyaiid facitlc GroTa tlO:43»
SiSOr Ban Jose, Tres Plnos, Sauta Crar,
• Padflc Qrora and Way SUtions 4:lop
S H>18r SanJoseau4Prinetpal WayStatious »:43a
fSsOvrSan Jo«e, Loe Gates and Principal
. WaySUtians : {vsOOa
BiSOp San Jnse am! Principal Way Stations 8:33 a
¦ iOOf Bedwoad, San Jos*. Gilroy, Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles 10:03a
«:SOp Ban Jose and Way MUtlou* f>»:«<»*
gll«4»p8an Jose ami Way Stations 7i8«r»
A for Morning. ' P for A ftornoon. ¦'
tSnnday eienpted. 1 Sunday only.
si Saturday only. (Monday,
s Saturday »Q 1 Sunday. / Tuesdays and rridajt.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
. TU fcsilHe Fany—raet «f Marie* 8C
u»i s*s rsis, . •mmi» n ia
W5» Jat "..•WKHK DATS < M»-»-
4d5F.ii: *• *¦ ¦*»••••• tat ™»V85sI: t
8*0 A. M. 1 ' ; .'• ' . 12:15 r. u!
»«0a. m. \o5r. at.
SStS:[ "»».» gj?!t
130F.K. 5-Mr.M.
**F-»tJ- ' 7.109. U.
Tare. 8aa fitmt Im » saan st «etmrn. «1.«»
Ticket Offices, 6a Market St.. & SansalUo Ferry.
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
COOL AND DUSTLESS. ' '
I>*Ily Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
Dining Car, Meals a. U Carta.
Library Observation Car.
REDUCED ROUND IKIP RATES TO
EASTERN POINTS.
XL S. BLAIR. Gen. Agt.. <33 Market st.
DR. BALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOBpOSg
Five hundred reward for any jbflieti'
' case we cannot cure. This secret V ***fc
lemedy stops losses In 24 hoars, g 3
cures Emissions. Impotency. Vari- X59 BBbi
cocel'j. Strictures, Gleet. Drains. HM . Wnl .
Lost Manhood and all cthfr wast- l&LUJ ULy
ing effects of self-abuse or excess- WSI fol
es. Sent sealed. J2 bottle; 3 bottles, USSUBSSBSm
$5; ' guaranteed to cure any case. Address
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
way, Oakland. CaL Also for sale at 1073H
Market st.. S. P. All private diseases quickly
-cured.- 1 Send for free, book. ..
Weak Men and Women
SHOULL> USE 'DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and -
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
WWOtfLOOWYfii
BAH. WAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AHD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry, Foot of Market S*.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays— extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 i>. m. ¦ ¦ -
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
~ San- Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3.40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 i>. m. '
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m. : 1:40, 3:40,
5:05, 6:25 i». m. .
Leave I In Effect j . Arrive
San Francisco. [April 23, 1901. | San Francisco.
~Week I . Sun- I 1 Sun- | Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pmj 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm|10:25 am
5:10 pinf 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
"~ - Kulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am.
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
' . Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30"ami 5:00 pml Hopland |lO:Jo am|10:25 am
3:30 pml 8:00 am| and Uklah. I 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
7:30 am ¦ ' ' 10:40 am 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3j3O pm) 5:00 pm , ; ; 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 anil Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
I | and I 1
5:10 pmj 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pmf 6:20 pm
7:30 am] 8:00 am| . 110:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pml Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, |Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, BuckneU's.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Ore's Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port ¦ Usal, Willits, Laytonvine. Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. , ' . ,
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket . of flee, 650 Market street, Chronicle
buildinar.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt. ,
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry_Depot.
~~~~~ ~ Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily • Daily Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a l 8:0O p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced.... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
' "Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
.'•Hanford- 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ;
••• Visalia.... 3:40 p :.. 4;48 a
" Bakrsfield 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a -
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a .:
. " Chicago 2:15p 9:00 p .»
¦ a for morning, p for afternoon.
>¦ *9 a. m. train is . the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to' Bakersfleld for - accommodation . of , local ¦
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
inffttraln arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday^ and
Friday.
¦ 4:20 "p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily. :'
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express with
throue-h Palace and Tourist Sleepers , and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, I which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p.-m.
dally.
% 7:20 a. m. • is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaqutn Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Of flees— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
lanri.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
¦ -Via Sausalito. Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1901.'
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. »9:30. 11 a. m.,
12:45. n:4S, 3:15, 4:15. 5:15. •6:15, 6:45 p. jn.-
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill- Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p.-m.
, SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »9:00, •WM, 11:00. 11:30
a. m., 12:45. »l:30. 2:30. •3:45. 5:00, «:00. 7:3D
p. m. 11:00 a, m. does. not run to San Rafael
Sundays. - ¦
• Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN- FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «5:25. 6:27, 7:47. 8:35. 10:15
a >m.. »12:25 1:15. 2:20. »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m. <
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. 9:45, »11:00 a. m.. »13
m.. 1:00. 2:15, *3:30. 4:30. _»5:4S. 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
P 'Tra"lns marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:43, .7:55. 8:53, 10:30
a m.. 12:33. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and • Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05, 11:10 a. m.. 13:13.
1-20 230 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
' ' , THROUGH TRAINS. .
6:55 a. m. -week days— Cazadero and way sta-
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero, and way sta-
tions. - :_ ¦
S'OC a. - m. . Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tlona. ' ¦-.'¦-.•¦¦- ¦ . -. .
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABHY ST. Established
in 183.4 for the treatment nf Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
fllM>as<* wearlnxon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fail. • Try-hirn. ('barges low.'
«lnrr» {rnaranterd. Call or writ*
Dr. 4, V. «IBSQ«.a»uFr«ucisco,C>U _
- , — j* - •¦'¦*. ' - ¦ •_»¦'¦• - . ¦" . . -'.-¦;.
NEW ADVEETISEMENTS.
DANDEUFF WON'T WASH OXTT.
The Germ That Causes It Has to Be
Destroyed to Cure Dandruff.
Many a woman spends an hour twice a
week scouring her scalp, thinking scrub-
bing off the scurf will cure the dandruff.
Two hours a week, at the age of 40 years,
she has spent 260 days of twelve hours
each, cr two-thirds of a year of her life.
in that vain hope — vain, because you can't
cure dandruff v, ithout killing the dandruff
perm, and the only hair preparation on
{•arth that will do so Is Newbro's "Herpl-
K.cide"— also a delig-htful hairdressingr, and
a thorough antiseptic against all conta-
gion from use of others' hairbrushes. It
is also a delightful hairdressing.
FLA/WmARION
of»er/i And ra.ce
GLASSESt
Made under the supervision of the cele-
v bratcd astronomer.
Quick Eetiiricg. Ftetory oa premises.
Phone Main 10.
642 Market 5t. nstruments
UNDER CMP.OMiCLE BUILDIN&. CATALOGUE FR[t.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
Sesuseuh of anatohy^
9 £9 lC£ll£i£ZXTST.tet.6±&7th,S.r.Cill
-¦;' \ Tjf The Larecst Anatomical Musrum in the \
£, i Jt*'iii* Wor '<l- «e»knesie» or any contracted Q
* SS^OT »K"2** p«»Jtl»«-l7cBr«4hy the oldest \
% *» IS I t> P cc;a ' lit OD the Coast. list. 36 years. Q
S&&01 DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
§t&~P&m Consultation free and strictly printe. \
I J/?R?ll Treatmrnt personally or by letter. A B
0 ff i>tj Pontivt Curt in every ca«e undertsitn. T
mil 110 Write for Boole. PniE.«J*OPUV of A
I II \\n BUBUCE, MAILED FREE. ( A ¥
• 1 Jl Ji valuable book for nra ) \
9 DB. JOBOAX A CO.. 1051 -Marlcr t St.. S. P. f
THE EMPOBITTM. | THE EMPOBIXJM.
I Opening Days i
I Special Promenade Concert \
ti ¦ ¦ ¦ * m m by * •¦ • '¦•^'¦'^5
$ EMPORIUM ORCHESTRA *
J^ Directed by . £
Jf - • August Htnrichis J*
f THURSDAY, SEPT. 12, 19O1, 2 to 5 p. m, *
$ _,^ i
* , I March, «»Father of Victory" . . . Ganne ' $
jf ; 2 Overture, "Galathea" . . Von Supps "5
Jf 3 Waltzes, ••The Skaters" Waidteufel >
Jf 4 "Song Without Words" . . Tschalkowsky {
j^ March, "Beau Ideal" . . ....... Sousa -*
jC 5 Selections from "Runaway Girl" • Monckton "x
If 6 "Turkish Dance" • ! ... . Daniels %
: $\ 7 Two Step, "Rabbit Foot" . •. . Bouton S
tf 8 ••Torchlight Dance" . . . Meyerbeer "5
$ • -2- • -¦• . • J
5° 9 "Detroit Journal March" . . . .. Wright X
fif IO Selection from ««Wang".; .. . . Morse j{
5'" I T Quartet from "Rigoletto" %; . . Verdi *
* 12 Cvsrture, "Poet and Peasant". . VonSinpe j»
«? I3 March, "El Capitan" , . . Sousa
14 Waltzes from "The Tyrolean" • • Zeller ,%
tf 15 Cornet Solo, "The Palms" . . . Faure J
% . .. I6 Finale, "H:p, Hip, Hurrah, March" . . Kunath "*
X. <¦¦.[ *
"GOLD DUST.".
|| "Lot tSte GOLD DUST twins do your workl" ||
R§i # l Ql^l B fi"3l PWS t3fS?& a 22 a m^es dean floors, bright pans, spotless \M .
Km EvBmM—bJb BJ&ELJfniVk m kettles, snovry linen, shinine dishes. It Rffl
Ka lwl»»fcsB» :,- a#V^F B cleans everything more thoroughly than MM
BgB .-'•'• ¦ . soap docs and is much cheaper. BKfi
ES -: It is the "World's Bestacansar." Try it once and you will always use it - v. Km
«| - .THEN. K.FA1RBANK COMPANY, Ch^c,St Now York. Boston. ; 1^Captain Meyer was on the sick list and
the doctors ordered him to take a change
of air. He hied himself to Harbin Springs
and there met the champion pugilist of
the world. . Captain . Meyer thinks he
knows a thing or two about boxing- him
self, and as he stands 6 reet 2 inches in his
stockings he was filled with the idea that
with a little training he could hold his
¦ cruise outside the Heads all that
was necessary to keep a man healthy and
strong, but since he trained with Cham
pion Jim Jeffries a# Harbin . Springs he
has come to the^ conclusion that long
walks in the morning, punching the bag
and sparring-, coupled with a light diet,
is calculated to add years to a sailor
ffian's life."
CAPTAIN LOUIS- MEYER, the
-Adonis of the pilot service, is a
firm believer in physical culture.
A few months ago he deemed a
AN OLD SALT TEACHES THE
CHAMPION A FEW FANCY'
STEPS.
- Senator AWrich doubtless hoped. to be remembered
hcreafter-as a -statesrhan^buU it ms- now- likely hetwill
beoknown ,to*fa'mc- chiefly as the father : in-law of a
Rockefeller.^.;. > * : -.y ¦;«¦}>•.; - ' X. v { - * *."
A Ne\v= York. Judge has decided that belief in
Christian Science is not an evidence of insanity.! He
mighthave added to the,,value> of his decision by'ven
turing an opinion onj just -ivhat the cult is;_ most of
us think we know' whatsit is not.' .
~ Jackson Hatch of San Jose is^registered
at the Palace.
V. S. McClat€hy of Sacramento Is at
the California. " '"..'.
Q F. Atwood, a contractor of Stockton,
is at the Grand.
.*. Dr. J. M. i.'Blodgett, a physician* of Lodl.
is at the tSrand.
Garrison Turner of Modesto is regis
tered at the .Grand. .
Colonel R.B. Fairbanks of Petaluma is
a guest at the Lick. /.
. J. T. Cameron, a mining man > of New
man, is a gruest at the Lick. v. ' ¦.•; ;./
: J. B. Marsde.V, a Chicago business man,
is a guest at the Occidental. ".'
Mr. and Mrs.i D. C. Meagher are at the
Occidental on thelr-honeymoon. -
Epes ' Randolph, the Los Angeles rail
road man, is a guest at the Palace.
United States Marshal . M. . H. ; McCord
of Phoenix, Aria.% is a guest at the Lick.
Dr. F. E.'.Raynes, a prominent medical
man of Angels Camp, is' a guest at 'the
Gran'd.- . - ' . V - ." .
Dr. M: "VV Stone,' United States' Navy, is
S. TV Clover.'. general manager of the
Los Angeles , Express," is one of the ar
rivals of yesterday at the Palace.
"•The'Social Club of Hdrrisburg.'Pa., ar-
John A. Mclntire, a- wealthy mine-own
er of Sacramento,' is'a guest at the Lick,
where he arrived yesterday.
Dr. A. C. Hansen, a prominent medical
man of Benlcia,. is .registered for a -few
days at the.Russ. , ¦.
T. J. Field, the Monterey banker and
capitalist, is at the Palace,- accompanied
by his wife. " -
Charles G. Lamberson, an attorney of
"Visalia, is registered for a short stay at
the Lick:
J.'D. Schuyler, •. a ¦ prominent attorney
and politician of Los Ang&les, is at the
Palace.
W. C. Stimson, a capitalist of Los»An
geles, is among the recent arrivals at the
Palace. '
A. Y.' Comstock, a capitalist of New
York, 5s among the recent arrivals at the
Palace. " ; ;Vi3 i
¦'¦L^A. Spitzcr, Assessor of San Jose, is
among the recent arrivals at the Grand.
at the Occidental,- accompanied by his
bride.
PERSONAL- MENTION.
:' •• '.. • :>"'. ': - ." ' ¦ ..... - - - - i
EDITOR THE CALL: The State Board of Trade has for't
: many years promoted the commerce and production of f
California and is supported by contributions from.the
business men of this city, boards of supervisors and the '
transportation companies. Its directors serve without
compensation and give much of, their time to. its. work. It
Sade tS exhibit at^ Hamburg, Atlanta.and Paris, :
and is now making the exhibit of the State's products and re^ 1
sources at Buffalo. As it is trying to benefit the State aid the
people, what is more natural than it should be lied about b^
Hearst's paper? His practice !s to make or threaten attacks
upon the character of others, while his own private character
if fed to a dog would kill it. JOHN P iri'h
; San Francisco, Sept. 11. 1501, ; . JOHN. P- 1RISH '
rUed in this city yesterday morning in a
private car. The Social Club is an organ
ization composed of wealthy residents of
Harrlsburg, who every year make a trip
to some part of the United States. This
time nineteen-members of the association
have joined the excursion and they pro
pose having a good time and visiting all
the pointa-of Interest in the State before
returning.
IN REPLY TO THREATS OF ATTACK BY THE YELLOW
PRESS UPON THE CHARACTERS OF MEN IN OPPOSITION
EDITOR OF THE CALL: The Examiner is certainly the
worst enemy of the State of California and especially
of San Francisco. This discarded mistress of the rail
road for years has sought to avenge itself on all our
interests, including alike capital and workmen. It pub
"lished a mass of lies about the bubonic plague to deter money,
skill and muscle from enlarging our population and developing
our resources. It is now engaged in the congenial effort to
libel our merchants and to precipitate riots. It required little
intelligence to discern, and it has since been proved, that its
j pretended report of remarks to police officers by the Chief of
Police. was a naked distortion and fabrication.
In' 1856 the San Francisco Herald was reduced-to less than a
third of its original 'size in one day for an attack upon busi
ness men, merchants and laborers who comprised the Vigilance
Committee %i that year. I am not considering the right or the
At all events it is gratifying to know that the Examiner te
understood and repudiated by respectable citizenVof all ¦ cfasse?
and by the decent press of the State. It may produce brutal
ity, but it has no influence upon public opinion-
San Francisco, Sept. 10, 1901. CIVIS
wrong of the proceeding, but recall the fact. ,In 1S63 the Ex
aminer, itself, then under the name of the Democratic Press,
was temporarily destroyed by a mob, and afterward, for th«
violent and illegal acts of the rioters, recovered from the
municipality 510,000 in damages. As its existing proprietor
charged to the brim with malignity because he has been lone
since ostracized socially, and by his anarchistic appeals has
alienated our largest and soundest interests— has some rich
mines behind him, it is not probable that the lesson of 1856 will
be successfully repeated, but it has frequently happened that
the originator of a tumult has been "hoist with hts own
So Mr. Quincy is to lead a forlorn hope this year",
with the promise of something better next, year, and
with a chance of making a reputation that will give
him prestige at the national Democratic convention
in 1904. Under the circumstances it will be seen that
the politics of the year being dull in other quarters
the Massachusetts campaign will be Worth watching
bythose who are interested in the drifting of Democ
racy.
Upto this time we have heard nothingVpf the plat
form. on which if is" proposed to- nominate -Mr.
Quincy, but that is a matter of: no importance.
Democratic platforms in 'these days signify very lit
tle. The' chief, want of the party is a leader./ Any :
kind of ; a . convention canl build a platform." . Mr:
Quincy, then,' is likely to be a man of whom; we shall
Such "is the promise' from Bottom The scheme is
to be carried out by the nomination of Josiah Quincy
for Governor. He has announced a willingness to
make the race, and all. of his competitors save one,
the Hon. Gamaliel Bradford,, have retired in his
favor. Those who know Mr. Quincy well assert that
his consent to run means that everything: has been
fixed not only for this year but for the future. Thus
the- Boston Transcript says: ""It would be but an
empty honor were- Mr. Quincy to be put forward for
this year only. It is not to be supposed that he or
any of the leaders in his party have" the slightest idea
that Governor. Crane can! be defeated by Mr. Quincy
or by anybody else, and Mr. Quincy is not the kind
of man who acts without' a motive. ' It is evident
enough, therefore, that this year's campaign is simply
scoringfor the race in which there may, be a chance
to win in 1902."
MASSACHUSETTS promises to furnish a
State campaign that will be interesting to
the country at large. Her Democracy is to
set aside George Fred Williams and his following of
Bryanites and nominate a ticket that will reunite the
party, bring back the gold men and set an example
for other States to follow. It is not expected the
ticket will be elected. Indeed, it is to be made up
for. export rather than for home consumption. Prob
ably-we're there any prospect of its election the Bry
anites of the party would bolt it, but as there is none
they are expected to vote for it solidly, so that Mas
sachusetts Democracy can say to the Democracy of
other States: "See what I have | done — follow my
example and we will sweep the country in 1904."
WORST ENEMY OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA
AND ESPECIALLY OF THE CITY OF SAN FRANCISCO
A MASSACHUSETTS CANDIDATE
As a patient, the victim of a crime and the object
of an ordeal on the operating table,, the President
has rendered to humanity a ¦ service no less distin
guished than many in his official career. Fromthe
first, he has" said, yi. will get well." . When his hand
was withdrawn from his-clothing red with blood from
the breast wound there was no " relaxation of cour
age, no moment of fear or weakness. Optimism,
hope and the determination to live are great elements
in the cure of thestricken. They are all there js.of
suggestive* therapeutics, and he has inspired them *in
many a weak and suffering brother man.; *. '
¦ Now surgeons keep their work clear of the germs
which cause inflammation and blood-poisoning, and
the area of capital operations is wonderfully . ex
tended. The President's case is remarkable. Within
thirty minutes after the shooting he was on : the
operating table in ''a hospital. The highest surgical
skill was present. The abdomen was opened. -It
was found that the bullet had pierced the stomach.
The point of entry -was .in the anterior and of exit in
the posterior wall of the stomach. That -organ;, had
to'be lifted from its position and turned over to close
the exit. All this was done before the first newspaper
extra announcing. the crime had left the ,press. - It
is a triumph of American surgery of which the .pro
fession may be* proud. Not. a single unfavorable
symptom has followed the operation, and surgery
stands vindicated as a benign art j" T
It is not a figment of the imagination that hun
dreds of sufferers may in the future be relieved ; and
hundreds of lives may. be saved by this great revela
tion of what the surgeon can do. "
THE President's case calls general attention to
the practice of advanced surgery. "Out of the
evil comes good, for a vast number of people
die by' accidents whose lives could be saved' by anti
septic surgery,; while others .suffer abridgment of life
by disorders which such surgery could cure. These
will learn from the President's case the possibilities
of their own. Because/prior to the knowledge of
bacteriology, certain surgical operations were im
possible, and in certain other capital operations, es
pecially upon the abdomen, the percentage of re
coveries was small, it has come down as a popular
tradition that surgery is limited in its scope. The
fact kas long been that knowledge of anatomy and
knowing where to place the knife were not lacking.
The trouble followecT\the operation. Inflammation,
blood-poisoning and death followed many a success
fully executed operation.
ADVANCED SURGERY.
Hardly any imagination could conceive a more
striking illustration of misery in the midst of joy and
starvation in sight of a feast than this story of real
life told by the Porto Rico Herald: "Yesterday while
a part of the town was celebrating the anniversary of
the American occupation of the island a man was
dying of starvation in the public plaza, lying amid the
flowers. This, notwithstanding the fact that as if to
prevent, such spectacles the committee of celebra
tion distributed on the morning of that same day a
thousand rations of meat."
Roosevelt says that since January 1 he has received
fully 2000 invitations to deliver addresses. When-
Bryan hears of that it will give him pain to think
how much he has ; missed. , I ':¦. ~
The fact Is that we find among the names of officers and
masters of ships belonging to this port, as well as to others on
this coast, a great many of our Scandinavian sailors who have
toiled honorably on merchant ships as well as in the Govern
ment service. They . have gained confidence and ability and
have sought higher knowledge through navigation schools.
They have won the confidence of ship owners and to-day pos
sess honorable places in the latter's service. Many have settled
sailors, the majority of whom are, ,as is . well known.
Scandinavians, are indifferent to the prosperity of the port of
San Francisco. 'Such an. opinion may have naturally followed
the reading of the utterances which the editorial contained, but
the facts are .not so. As a citizen of San Francisco . for fifteen
years I have learned to know our people here and their pur
suits in life. By fair inquiry among the sailors we will find
that very few will take ships for Europe, but would rather stay
on the coast, where, consequently, their earnings in most cases
will be distributed, especially during winter, in payment for
lodgings, clothes, etcJ^which is for the good of our coast cities.
EDITOR OF THE CALL: I read with indignation the
statement made in the editorial columns of the San
Francisco Call of to-day, under the heading, "A Wrong
• \p Americans," to the effect that - our Han Francisco
"Who knows how many among; them this day would
Kindly rectify the wrong: which ha's been done If It
lay in their power f
Hoping these few lines will find a place in your honorable
paper, yours for the good of our sailors. . a
San Francisco, Sept. 11, 1901. G. F. 1 WIKSTROM r*
Then let me. in, behalf of our Scandinavian nallora
and whips' officers on this coast, correct the Impres
sion that the reading: of the artlele 'mentioned mar
have given yonr readers. It wonld not be honest
and fair to pnt discredit upon these hard-trurktns
sailors, as might be done by those unacquainted
with the facts npon reading: the editorial mentioned.
And may we not Judge too severely those who walked
out nt the order of their leaders t ¦
down here, have their own homes and contribute to the welfare
of our well-HRed city of San Francisco. Only last year the re
port of one of our navigation schools in San Francisco showed
that about 75 per cent of those officers who passed the school
with honorable examinations were Scandinavians, who will fill
the vacant places on ships here when the time comes. Every
one who knows about the shipping of this port knWs this to
be the fact.
If we are going to enter upon the task of suppress
ing anarchy we must deal with the powerful as well
as with the weak votaries of the creed. One thing is
certain: Society cannot tolerate among the directors
of its institutions men who promote anarchy either
by precept or practice. If Mr. Cummings is to re
main a trustee 6f the Mechanics' Institute Library
he should at once sever his connection with anarch
ists; or if he choose to remain with the brotherhood
he should retire from the~institutc.
Among the letters of Emma Goldman found by the
police is one in which she complains that Prince
Krapotkin received $750 for a series of lectures in
New York while she has to lecture on the streets
and content herself with such petty contributions as
the crowds give her. Her complaint is not without
justification. Why should society applaud in a
Prince that which it condemns in a poverty-stricken
woman? Why should the law tolerate Krapotkin
any more than Goldman?
Mr. Cummings is too widely and too well known
in this city for any one to suspect him of conspiring
to assassinate any one. He could not have attained
a trusteeship in the Mechanics' Library unless he had
won the esteem of a considerable number at least of
the best people in the city. The very readiness, how
ever, with which those who know him will acquit
him of any suspicion of criminal impulse - renders it
all the more strange that he should have 'any sym
pathy or association with the miserable outcasts of
the earth who look upon assassins as heroes, and
who are restrained from murder only by the coward
ice of their, natures,?
It will not do to exhaust ourselves in denouncing
the anarchists of the slums and leave the. anarchists
of social position uncondemned. As a trustee of one
of the most important institutions of the city Mr.
Cummings is something more than a private indi
vidual. He is charged with a public duty, and has a
voice in the control of a semi-public institution.
The public has therefore a right to expect him to.be
an upholder of law, of religion and of the: whole so
cial organism. What, then, shall be said of him now,
that at the very time when the whole nation is out
raged by the anarchist attempt to murder the Presi
dent he. shows himself at an anarchist meeting .as a
believer m the creed and a supporter of its propa
ganda? »
We have had in our own city an evidence of the ex
tent to which that kind of support has been given to
anarchists by men from whom society has a right to
expect better things. At the meeting of the v self
styled "Independent Debating Club" on the Sunday
following the attempted murder of the President
there was amid the crowd of obscure fools or worse
who applauded the sentiments of the orators in at
tacking Christianity and vilifying the President at
least one man whose presence there is not to be
passed over unnoted. That man is Mr. George Cum
.mings, a trustee of the Mechanics' Institute Library.
WHILE we are denouncing the wretched fol
lowers of the leaders of anarchy and calling
for the arrest and punishment of every one
who was in any way associated with Czolgosz in His
attempt to assassinate the President, let us not fort
get that the miserable and obscure anarchists who
lurk in the slums of our cities are not the only un
holders and supporters of the creed. There are
learned men like Krapotkin of Russia and Reclus of
France, calling themselves ''philosophical anarch
ists," whose influence is more potent and perhaps
more pernicious than that of the slum leaders.
There are also, persons known as respectable citizens
who by reason of some vagary of mind or heart asso
ciate themselves with anarchists and to some extent
abet them in their crimes even while ostensibly de
ploring the commission of assassination as a "folly."
ABETTING ANARCHY.
vas ready for it and could have got rii
if it at one swallow, but Jim was after m<
gam and this is what he said:
le, 'take one— take anything you like,' and
' ordered a nice, long- Scotch highball. I
THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 12, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS,' Proprietor.
Address All CcmmnnicitioBS to W. S. LEAEE, B&ntger.
3U\AGER'S OFFICE. Telephone Preits SO4
PUBLICATION OFFICE. ...Mnrkct and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
ISDITOniAI.. -ROOMS 217 to 231 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prew SOS. ' ¦ ¦-'
Dellrered 1»y Carrier*, 15 Cents Per Week.
;. ¦¦¦•- : ¦: Sinsrle -Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms l»y- .Mail, IiK-Indin^ l'nuitiKc: --'
DAILY CAI/L. (including Sunday), one- year W.00
DAILT CALL, (including Sunday), € months ....3.00
DAILT CALX, (including Sunday). 3 T~onths 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ..'..:\ ,.._- . 65c
S17XDAY CALL, One. Year 1.50
\TEEKLT CALL. One Year 100
All postmaster* are authorised to receive
subscription*. j
Sample copies tclll be forwarded when requested. " j
"— : — t- — ¦" . - ••- i
Mail subscribers in ordering change of address should be ¦
tsartlcuiar to give both NEW AXD OLD ADDRESS In. order i
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAJVD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE! KROGXESS.
Xtaiger Foreign Adrertisinp, Marqnette BniUing, Chic go.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.") !
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAKLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH . .30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium HcteL
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill HoteL
iWASHISTGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., K. W.
.MORTO\ E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615. Larkin, open until
8:30 o'clock. 19*1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until t o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open Until 9 olclock.
2200 Flllmore, open . until 9 p. m.
"I never said a word, but packed up my
trunk and came home. I've still got two
beautiful blue eyes as mementoes of that
occasion and all I've got to say Is. God
help Ruhlin If he ever rims into anything
harder than one of those 'gentle little
taps.' "
"One day toward the .end of my visit the
champion and I put on the gloves. I waa
feeling good and gave him some pretty
hot ones. All of a sudden I got one in
the solar plexus and another on the jaw
that made me see more stars than I ever
saw during all the years I have been to.
sea. When I came to Jim was standin.^f
over me and said severely, 'That will*
never do. Captain Meyer. You must keep
on training for another six months. Why,
two gentle little taps like that wouldn't
make- Ruhlin wink the other eye.*
"Well, after our midday rest and not a
sign of anything 1 to eat, we tackled the
punching bag and the skipping rope and
just when I was nearly starved to death
dinner was announced. Roast beef, dry
toast, cold tea and a mite of cheese was
all -we had. There was not a. sign of a
vegetable and I felt sore. 'Got to get
down to weight, you know,* was all Jim
said. He was fifteen pounds heavier than
what he considers just right and I — well,
I don't know where I came off. Anyhow,
before I left Harbin Springs I was twenty
pounds lighter and my waist was as
dainty as that of a miss.
pion was right. 'Take your drinks In that
way,* said he in conclusion, 'and your
waist measurement will come down four
inches in a month.*
own with Jim for a few minutes. The re
mainder of the story is Captain Meyer's.
"When I reached Harbin Springs," said
he, "I was all out of condition. My girth
was more than it should be and my wind
was not what it was twenty years agx>.
When I met Jen* we had a chat and he
advised me to train with him. I said it
was a go, but many a time I wished • I
hadn't.^- AVe welre out at 6 a. m. and off
over the hills for a six-mile walk. I ran.
Couldn't keep up, you know. Then we
got back and had a rub down. After a.
rest we sat down to a measly breakfast
of- hard boiled eggs and dry toast— cold tea'
to drink and no etceteras. I kicked, but
Jeff laughed and said it was good for me.
"After breakfast we took a stroll and
after that . we went in for punching the
bag. 'Work hard;, Cap,' he kept dinging'
into me. . 'Mind, you've got to reduce,' and
I'll be hanged if I don't think I lost five
pounds the first day. After punching the
bag i I thought I was entitled to a drink
and* told Jim so. 'Why, of course,' said
PLEADS IN BEHALF OF THOSE SCANDINAVIANS
WHO ARE ENGAGED IN THE SEAFARING LIFE
-With that sentiment The Call cordially agrees. In
fact, The Call has many times reminded the public
that many of the strikers entered upon it unwillingly
and would gladly return to their work. It is an un
fortunate fact that men with families to support have
been forced out of employment by the. dictation of
persons who have no , responsibility resting upon
them. That many members of the Sailors'- Union are
included in the number 'of the' unwilling .we do not
doubt. That- facfc- only- emphasizes the 'statement
made in The Call' editorial that -'American homes are
being injured by the action of irresponsible parties
who have no interest in them.
There is one point in our correspondent's letter, to
which especial, attention should be paid!' He says:
"Let me, on behalf of our Scandinavian sailors and
officers on this coast, change the impression the read
ing of the article mentioned may have given the read
ers. It would not be; honest and fair to give these
hardworking sailors the miscredit which to the^, un
acquainted with- the facts the statement has, naturally
given; * and may we riot judge too severely those
who walked' out at the order of their leaders? Who
knows howmany among them this day would gladly
rectify the wrong which has been done if it lay in
their power?"'
The Call has no attack to make upon Scandinavian
sailors- nor upon any other sailors. The statements
of fact contained in the editorial were made by Furu
seth, and The Call did no more than direct attention
to them and point out; their significance. It neither
affirmed nor denied the accuracy of the estimates as
to the number of foreigners and of unmarried
men in the Sailors' Union, but said:' "Accepting^
Furuseth's statement as true, it will be seen that a
union composed; mainly of foreigners and almost
wholly , of , unmarried men is now endeavoring
to tie up the trade of the port, prevent, the shipment
of the products of our farms and enforce idleness and
the danger of destitution upon, the homes of. Ameri
cans;, and, moreover, are doing it with a feeling of
impunity, for, as^ Furuseth says, they can profit by
the stagnation of business here to make a trip to
Europe, visit their friends and have a good time
while, American homes, are bearing the affliction of
the strike." : .
SPACE in another column is given this morning
to a communication from G. F. Wikstrom in
relation, to an editorial in The' Call of Wednes
day under; the title, "A' Wrong to Americans." The
editorial is based upon a statement of Andrew
Furuseth that the Sailors' Union is not, worrying
about the strike because most of its members are not
citizens of the United States and would not object
to a trip to Europe while the strike is/goin'g on, and,
moreover, that only about 5 per cent of them are
married men. Mr. Wikstrom writes to correct what
he regards an injustice "done to the Scandinavian
sailors, and we~ gladly give his letter publication. . .
THE STRIKING SAILORS.
In reading the reports that come from New York
about what a wonderful boat is' Shamrock II it will
be well to remember that we heard the same kind of
reports about every challenger that ever came for the
cup. We have acquired a habit of beating wonderful
boats. ,
: ?.The tone> of the publication is intensely pessimis
tic. It attacks, berates and belittles the qualities of
generosity, humanity and kindness and is Ravage in
expression against all existing institutions. Wher
ever there is disorder and lawlessness it sides with
those who cause it. It excuses and extenuates all
kinds of crime, evidently regarding the criminal in
stinct, as merely a proper protest against existing
conditions. Much of its matter would be perfectly
at home in the Examiner. ;
. • V ' " .- '
. The signed articles nearly all bear foreign names.
The editor is Abraham Isaak. The address of agen
cies for the paper in many cities is given, with the
names of agents. Among the names of the seven
teen agenti, we find Bauer, Kisluck, Morwitz, Kahn,
Lang, Havel, Schilling, Maisel, Notkin and Rieger,
who is the representative of this delectable publica
tion in thistcity. --. ' ." , ¦ .
On the editorial page the Chicago Anarchist Club
announces that "the Chicago comrades are preparing
for the fall and winter campaign of education.
Meetings will be held to which comrades are invited
that they may learn how to make bombs and witness
the process of selecting the removers of obnoxious
lulers." On the same page the police are denounced
in almost exactly the terms employed in the same
business by the Examiner. Among the editorial mat
ter appears this statement: "The efficacy of punish
ment is disputed in modern sociology, but an occa
sional execution committed on tyrants seems to have
a healthful effect on these monsters in human form.
Since the execution of King Humbert the Italian
anarchist weekly, L'Agitazione, has not been mo
lested, while before it was constantly persecuted,
both by the censor and the police."
Then a Mr. Blum makes himself interesting;. on the
subject of "Voting Cattle," and is followed by Mr.
Kinghom-Jones of 36\Geary. street, San Francisco,
who desires that the Government issue fifty billions
of greenbacks and pay labor ten dollars a day, and in
sists that "Government damns itself" by not doing
this at once.
Con Lynch of Los Angeles, Cal., contributes an
appeal to workingmen to join the anarchists, remark
ing that the interests of labor require "that every tie
that at present holds human society together be
broken."
The first article is entitled "The Monster Slayer,"
which gives the story of Hercules and the Dragon,
Theseus,- Jason, extracts from the Arabian Nights,
and concludes: "Oh, Gradgrind, wilt thou call it
unreality and fiction, that which has fed the souls
of so many generations/ who could not be persuaded
that they had none; when in this very millennial age
of pig-philosophy a Bresci, Luccheni and Angiolillo
appear like the Arabian Princess, each ready to burn
up some Devil's grandson of a genie, at cost of being
burnt with him?"
BESIDES its literature in -the Hearst papers
anarchy supports an expression of its creed
in a special journal, which has hard work to
hold its own as an exponent of murder and disorder
against the competition of the American, Journal and
Examiner. This organ is called "Free Society: For
merly The Firebrand; Exponent of Anarchist-
Communism." , The issue of Sunday, September i,
is No. 31 of Volume VII. The paper and typography
are excellent.. It contains no advertisements except
of the books of Krapotkin, Lissagaray; "the famous
speeches of the v eight anarchists in court, and Alt
geld* s reasons - for pardoning Fielden, Neebe and
Schwab"; the works of Jean Grave; "God and the
State," by Nikolas Bakunin; "The Economics of
Anarchy,'' by Lum, and various writings by Mala
testa. A poem by Gordak adorns the first page, in
which are these lines:
For. when I see th« earth unpopulate, .
The barren fields, the joyless lives of men,
I am filled with that eternal hate
•. That shall revivify the world again. ,
hear much for the; next few years. . 'It ."is true that
Gamaliel Bradford -objects to him because he : stands
in with the Boston machine, but that seems to be
merely a rural prejudice. In fact, Mr. Quincy is a
typical Massachusetts fgreat"man, and we are going to
see what kind of .-figitre he will cut -when he tries to
fill the place of a national great man.
ANARCHIST LITERATURE.
i ¦ ¦ •....-. - . ¦ - ¦
THE SAN FBAISTCISCO: GALL, THURSDAY, -i fiEPTEMBER 12, 1901.
•• 'Now listen to me, Cap. > Understand
thoroughly, your stomach is not thirsty.
It is the. back of your • throat and the
palate. Now the way. to drirtk is this.'
and he took a^nouth^ul of his whisky and
soda and after gargling his throat with it
spat it out. "After three mouthfuls the
whisky and water was all gone— not down
Jeffs throat, but into the cuspidor. 'My
thirst is gone,* said he. "now you try it.'
I hated like the dickens to spofl good
liquor, but J did and found that the cham-
PILOT LOUIS MEYER TRAINS
WITH J EFFRI ES AT TH E SPRINGS
6
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Dr.
Siesirt'i Genuine Imported Angostura Bitter*. ¦
It was a Boston damsel vrho referred tov
a bowlegged man as a parenthetical pe 4
destrlan. \
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'3.*
Choice candles. Townser.da. Palace Hotel*
The Board of Public Works yesterday
appointed John Hannan to be timekeeper
in_ the Bureau of Streets, at a salary of
ft? p £. r > non th. Hannan was selected from
the civil service list.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlvoli — "Carmen."
California— "A Royal Box.**
Orpheum— Vaudeville. »
Columbia— "A Royai. Family."
Central — "A Voice From the Wilderness."
Aleaiar— "The -Taming of the Shrew."
Grand Opera-house — "Quo Vadls."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenins.
¦Fischer' s— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
'Sutro Baths— Open nights.
AUCTION SALES.
By William G. Layngr— Friday, September 13, at 10 o'clock,
Palo Alto Brood Mares, at Agricultural Park, Sacramento.
By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday. September 23, at . 12
o'clock. Crooks" Estate Properties, at .14 Montgomery street.Bonheur's - paints, or Du . Maurier's
"palette, were not better than the artists'
materials of which we - keep the largest
and best stock In the "West. We can give
you whatever you ask for at prices that
will add satisfaction to all your pur
chases. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market.*
Meissonier"s Brush,
Michael Casey, business agent of the
Teamsters' Union, has sent a communica
tion to the press denying the statement of
F W. Dohrmann, made at the meeting of
the Merchants* Association Tuesday, that
he (Casey) had called upon Dohrmann to
induce his truckmen to join the union.
Casey Makes Answer.
The ship A. G. Ropes arrived in port a
few days ago in ballast from Yokohama.
The boat has been chartered to transport
a cargo of wheat to Europe. When the
A. G. Ropes reached this harbor her crew,
consisting entirely of union men. were re
quested to join the ranks of the strikers.
The request, however, was denied. The
men expressed themselves as being
As far as the tie-up in the water front
district was concerned the chief event of
importance yesterday was the departure
of the ship Santa Clara of the cannery
fleet with a full non-union crew. The
boat's destination is I the canneries in
Alaska. The Santa Clara was one of the
first of the cannery fleet to arrive in port
and on her arrival she was Immediately
deserted by all her crew. They were called
out on strike by the City Front Federa
tion. According to the statement which
was issued by Andrew Furuseth a few
days ago it is such boats as the Santa
Clara that the strikers are chiefly inter
ested In tying up and for this reason the
clearing of the Santa Clara yesterday
caused great rejoicing among the ship
owners.
First of the Cannery Fleet Departs
With Non-TJnion Crew.
SANTA CLARA SAILS.
The City Front Federation met last
night at it3 headquarters on Mission and
East streets, Michael Casey in the chair.
The strike situation was fully discussed
in executive session, and when the meet
ing was concluded the Federation ex
pressed itself as ready to continue the
strike for the next five weeks.
Prepare to Continue Fight.
The Brotherhood of Teamsters issued a
permit yesterday allowing a striking
teamster to temporarily drive a truck for
Jacob Silversteln, a member of the Dray
men's Association. The permission was
granted solely out of consideration for
Silverstein. by whose truck a lad was ac
cidentally run over and killed Tuesday
afternoon on Brannan street. The acci
dent necessitated Silverstein's appearance
in court, and in order that his business
might not suffer during his absence the
striker was permitted to take his place
on the truck. The brotherhood claims
still to have control over the man, and
should they feel at any time that their
cause is being injured by his driving the
truck the permit will be revoked.
Granted I*eave to TJrive.
The British ship Glenesslin went to Port
Costa yesterday to secure a load of wheat
and the British ship' Englehorn came
'down from that port with a cargo of
-wheat.
Since the strike of the unions affiliated
with the City Front Federation was com
menced-hundreds of thousands of feet of
lumber have accumulated on the wharves.
In fact to such an extent has the lumber
been piled up that the Harbor Commis
sioners at their meeting yesterday after
noon instructed the Chief Wharfinger to
request the lumber dealers to have their
property removed from the wharves. The
commissioners in issuing the instructions
stated that they thought there was suffi
cient available labor for the removal of
the-lumber without inconvenience.
thoroughly satisfied with their positions,
and yesterday after they had been paid
off by the United States Shipping Com
missioner they re-enlisted without an ex
ception.
The schooner Web foot arrived in port
late Tuesday night and yesterday morn-
Ing her entire crew was called out on
strike. -
Casey declares that Dohrmajin made the
overtures in that direction and not him
self.
Speeches were delivered- by Tobin. Wil
son and Reed, and when the roll " was
called the resolutions were indefinitely
postponed by a vote of 10 to 6.
Supervisor Curtis said he had always
aided the cause of labor by his vote In
the board, but he was in favor of the
postponement of the resolutions. Super
visor Brandensteln also opposed their
passage. He said they did not serve any
end and did. nothing to end the strike. He
suggested that the board confine itself to
legislation and keep its hands off things
that did not concern .it. ¦ .
I am not a candidate for any office, so I can
be candid. There is an implication, in thn
resolution that peace reigns in this city and
we are amply protected by police. We do see
every day in the papers accounts of trouble.
W& daily learn of one man beating: an
other and the ag-gressor is allowed to depart
without being arrested. I do not want my vote
recorded and people who are not familiar with
'the facts made to believe that there is peace in
our midst. There is no Euch thing. - 1 do not
think we have policemen enough and I believe
the force shouM be Increased so a man can at
tend to his business without being in danger
of being molested. This Is the opinion of
every peaceful and law-abiding- citizen in this
city, whether he be a merchant or working
man. I am therefore opposed to the resolutions
and' am in favor of their indefinite postpone
ment.
by his strong speech against their pass
age. In part he said:
Many similar instances of destitution
relieved by the former employer of strik
ers might be recorded. One. prominent
merchant whose porters walked out near
ly two months ago has been supplying the
families of a half-dozen of his ex-em
ployes with the necessities of life for
weeks past. In all of. these cases the
fathers have b^en more than willing to
return to work, but they fear to do so
lest they be beaten to death. Numerous
instances have developed of strikers de
serting their families entirely, the result
being that their support temporarily has
devolved upon the former employers of
their husbands and fathers. In this re
spect the employers have shown a spirit
of benevolence which only the mothers of
suffering children will appreciate at its
full value. Meanwhile the destitution fol
lowing in the wake of the strike Js be-
The protestations of sincerity and con
stancy so often heard at the commence
ment of the strike have given way to
expressions of discontent. The first cir
cumstance to awaken dissension in the
ranks was the failure of the unions to
pay the strike benefits according- to the
by-laws of the organizations, supplement
ed by the promises of the leaders. Where
these Jaws called for the payment of $5
a week to each - striker only $3, and in ;
numerous instances only $1 was actually,
paid. With the possible exception of the
Sailors' Union none of the labor organi
zations have oaid the strikers what was
their ;'due and which they had the.. right
to demand. When the failure of the
unions to pay strike benefits was com
mented upon the officers of the unions
proudly asserted that the members did
not want the money guaranteed them and
that their enthusiasm for the cause
prompted them to fight for a great prin
ciple even though they starved. Mean
while the lot of the strikers grew worse
daily. •
The inevitable result of this deprivation
of their weekly wage was bitter destitu
tion in the households of thousands of the
strikers. Dozens of teamsters with suf
fering wives and children, fearing to re
turn to their former places because of the
danger from violence at the hands of ruf
fians, accepted places as iongshoremen at
the wharves and in the railroad sheds.
Longshoremen began to drive teams un
der police protection or left for Interior
towns, where they accepted work at any
price, thereby depriving others of posi
tions which they filled season after sea
son. While their places were taken by
men from the country at increased wages
the strikers were working at~ anything
they could find to do in order to secure
the means for supplying their necessities.
It was a trade of positions, by which the
striker suffered not only the permanent
loss of his place, but his residence as
well. . .
Enthusiasm_for the cause of labor will
not prevent Hanger from gnawing or des
titution from asserting its chill presence
when the sole weapon of defense against
the foe has been lost. Many of the fami
lies of strikers are now being supported
by the employers, and the stories told of
their pitifui sufferings would appal the
stoutest heart. Yesterday a teamster ap
plied to his former employer for aid. The
man w«pt bitterly as he told of a daugh
ter dying from consumption, while he, the
father, was unable to provide her with the
delicacies for which those near to death
and struggling despairingly against the
encroachments of a fatal disease so often
yearn. The employer hastened to-the re
lief of the dyir.e girl, and It is needless
to-Eay that her last hours will be free
from the gaunt shadow of want which at
tended her illness ever 3ince the strike be
gan. .
Results of the Strike.
From time to time reports of disaffec
tion in the ranks of the strikers have been
circulated and as persistently denied. Not
withstanding the vehement denials of
these rumors by the leaders of the strik
ers facts develop from day to day which
prove beyond question that the strikers
are assuming an attitude which is caus
ing the leaders annoyance and anxiety.
The men are restless, many of them are
suffering actual want, while their leaders
are banqueting each other at leading ho
tels; hundreds of strikers are "scabbing"
in secret in order that their families shail
not suffer. Every promise made to the
strikers by their unions was violated and
the strike benefits which were relied upon
by the men for their maintenance during
the pendency of the struggle were exceed
ingly intermittent and unsatisfactory. The
result has been the creation of a spirit
of hostility in the minds of the better
element of the strikers against a principle
which entails upon them only trouble and
privations, loss of positions and the week
ly wage without which their families must
become objects of charity or starve.
That there is abundant reason for be
lieving this view of the < situation will
eventually be realized is; apparent to
many. It has been demonstrated beyond
question that a large percentage of the
strikers are dissatisfied and that many
who went out seven weeks ago have of
necessity been compelled to seek employ
ment elsewhere. Numerous men would re
turn to their work to-morrow were it not
because of their fear of personal violence.
The management of the Draymen's Asso
ciation state positively that the strike
would be ended within twenty-four hours
were it possible to secure police protection
for the army of men who are more than
anxious to return to the avenues of labor
which they deserted weeks ago in sup
port of the principle of unionism.
TO those who have kept in touch
with the events of the strike the
situation to-day offers better
prospects for a settlement than at
any time since x the inauguration
of the struggle between the contending
factions. The impression prevails in busi
ness circles that the strike is failing more
and more as the days pass and that the
end will come ultimately without any
recognized agreement between the con
testants as to the settlement of issues at
stake. . . . •
A prominent merchant said yesterday
that he looked for a stampede among tho
strikers very shortly. He stated that the
attitude of the Employers' Association, to
gether with the indorsement of the course
of that body by the Merchants' Associa
tion, has filled the strikers with despair:
The prospects of winning the struggle
now appear 1 very dim to the more Intelli
gent of the strikers, and notwithstanding
the assurances of their leaders that the
employers are playing a big game of
bluff, the strikers are realizing that their
cause ia virtually lost. '• For" the reasons
given herein there are many business men
who believe that the end must come
shortly, and that when It does it will come
with a rush.
A few days ago a man was working at
the Broadway dock. He was engaged In
placing sacks of grain into a truck. Sud
denly a voice cried out: "D you, take
that!" Before the worker could turn he
was struck on the arm with a club, which
snapped the bone as If it it had been a
reed. The man's cries attracted an offi
cer to the scene, btit the assailant had
disappeared as if the earth had swallowed
him up. The unfortunate victim of the
cowardly assault now carries his arm in
a sling, but, fortunately, friends will see
that his family does not suffer while he
Is incapacitated from working. Many
similar instances of brutality might be
mentioned. Dozens of men have suffered
the maiming of their members by human
brutes, and it is because of the fear of
incurring like treatment that the better
element of th*» strikers do not desert
their cause and return to their long-ne
glected employment.
Another reason for the dissatisfaction
expressed by many strikers is the abom
inable atrocities of which many strikers
or their sympathizers have been guilty
during the past few weeks. It would be
impossible to even estimate the number
of assaults committed upon worthy work
ingmen who were maimed and beaten for
exercising their constitutional privilege of
laboring at anything that suited their
convenience. Honest men with families
to support have been tracked to and from
their work by gangs of ruffians, and when
the opportunity presented itself they were
overpowered and well nigh j clubbed or
kicked to death. Since the inauguration
of the strike, according to the estimate
of the police, no less than 2000 assaults
have been committed upon non-union
men. Hundreds • of assaults ¦ committed
under cover of darkness were never re
ported to the police. Every- hospital has
narbored from one to fifty victims of the
strikers, and at the Harbor Hospital it
frequently happened that maimed men
were compelled to stand in line and await
their turn to be treated for their wounds.
In every gang of non-union workers men
are to be seen with their heads tied. up,
their eyes blackened, their faces covered
with scars. In dozens of homes non
union men are lying in their beds suffer
ing from wounds about the head and face
and from broken arms and legs. And yet
it has been officially asserted that the
city is peaceful and that no proclamation
commanding the restoration of peace is
necessary!. ,
Brutalities of Strikers.
coming more and more appalling, and if
the end does not come soon- there is no
telling to what depths of misery and suf
fering the' unhappy victims— the wives,
mothers and children of the strikers— may
not descend. - ¦ .
Extreme Suffering Among Families of the Strikers
and Brutality of Assaults Upon Non-Union Men
Are Believed to Herald Speedy End of Strike
So it seems as if the Board of Harbor
Commissioners, an organization under the
State law, has the primal right to Inter
fere when water front property is in dan
ger of destruction. According to the
opinion of attorneys, after that' body has
been appealed to the State military au
thority is next on the list.
He must require the docks, slips, •wharves,
piers and other premises under the jurisdiction
of the board to be kept free from all obstruc
tion-3, and when parties fall to obey his order
to remove the same he must forthwith report
the fact to the board and execute their order
in relation thereto. * ...
In the recital of the duties of the chief
engineer of the board the following is
found in section 2522 of the Political Code:
It is hereby made the duty of the Board of
Police Commissioners of the City and County
of Ean Francisco to appoint such numbers of
Wharfingers and Toll Collectors special police
men as such commissioners shall request, ii.
writing, such Police Commissioners to appoint
* * *. The jurisdiction of ' such policemen
shall be coextensive with the premises de
scribed in this article and their terms of office
as such Wharfingers and Toll Collectors.
The conflict of authority that may arise
depends upon the clash of municipal po
lice power, the Board of Harbor Commis
sioners and the rights invested in the
State in its own special police attributes.
The Political Code contains two sections
directly in point. The first is 2550 and
reads as follows:
Attorney General Ford was interviewed
yesterday on this subject, but had little
to say, he preferring to' reserve his opin
ion until called upon by executive author
ity. Mr. Ford anticipates a call for ad
vice on the part of the Governor and the
Harbor Commissioners and does. not care
to go on record before that event occurs.
He admits that he has examined the law
bearing upon the subject and has found
some points applicable to the question,
but Wtten it comes to a declaration he
seals his knowledge with hermetically
tightened lips, and says he will speaK
wnen the time arrives.
THE memorial of the State Board
of Trade, presenting the condi
tions on the water front. and re
questing the Governor to take
means to prevent the destruction
of property in that district, has excited
a discussion on the legal ability and dis
ability of the several branches of mu
nicipal and State authorities to act in the
premises.
Supervisor Fontana moved that both
resolutions be indefinitely postponed. . He
said he considered both resolutions wern
introduced for the purpose of catching
votes, and further that no member of the
Crtmber of Commerce deserved an af
front of that kind. Reed tried to be face
tious at Mr. Fon tana's expense but failed!
He argued that the strikers were doing
their utmost to preserve the peace., and
therefore asked that the resolutions be
adopted. \
Supervisor Comte surprised. the board
The most exciting discussion of the af
ternoon was over the resolutions intro
duced.by Reed censuring the Chamber of
Con.merce and Police Commissioner New
hal'. for their stand in the present labor
troubles.
Reed's Resolutions Debated.
This ordinance shall take effect immediately. 1
Mr. Fontana asked that both ordinances
be referred to ffie Police Committee for
its approval. Reed objected to this on
the ground that the committee had al
ready reported on his ordinance. Super
visor Braunhart then delivered a stirring
talk in favor of his ordinance. There was
a heated discussion over the matter, and
Supervisor Comte brought the debate to
a close by moving that both ordinances
be referred to the City and County At
torney for his opinion as to whether the
beard 'has jurisdiction in the premises.
The motion was carried by a vote of 10
to 5. ...
Sec. 5. The Board of Police Commissioners Is
hereby empowered to make such additional
rules and regulations respecting the govern
ment, discipline, equipment and uniform of
such special police officers, not inconsistent
v.-lth the provisions of this ordinance.
Sec. 4. Every special police officer so ap
pointed, before entering upon the discharge of
his duties, shall execute a bond, with two or
more sureties, in the sum of one thousand
(J1000) dollars, for the proper performance of
his duties: said bond to be approved by the
Board of Police Commissioners and filed with
the Auditor of the city and county.
Sec. 3. Xo person shall be eligible to appoint
ment as special police officer unless he shall
have attained the age of twenty-one (21) years,
is a citizen of the United and a resi
dent of the city and county for at least two
years next preceding his appointment.
< 1)' The name, age. residence and occupation
of tho person designated therein. for the posi
tion of special police officer.
<2) The location and character of the business
of the petitioner. . .
<3) The necessity for the appointment of such
special police officer, and the character of the
duties to be required of him.
(4) That the person designated therein for
appointment of such special police officer is
personally known to the petitioner, and that
such person is of good moral character, and is
of sober habits.
Bill No. . Ordinance Xo. . Relating
to the appointment and qualifications of special
police , officers of the city and county of San
Francisco. '
Be it ordained by the people of the city and
county of San Frsnclsco as follows:--* ¦ >.
Section 1. The Board of Police Commissioners
Is hereby empowered upon the application by
petition of any person, firm or corporation, to
appoint persons as special police officers of the
city and county.
Sec 2. The petition as hereinbefore provided
shall be- signed by the petitioner, and duly ver
ified, and must contain:
When the ordinance introduced by Su
pervisor Reed at a previous meeting to
compel special police officers to wear a
distinctive uniform was read by the clerk,
Supervisor Braunhart offered the follow
ing as a substitute:
Braunhart's Substitute Order.
Mr. Fontana asserted that he, did not
object to the report, but did object to the
criticism made by the committee. He
said the board was a -legislative body,
and therefore had no right to criticise two
organizations outside of its province. He
charged that the committee had seen fit
to criticise the Employers' Association,
and he thought it was not a proper thing
for them to do. Supervisor Bran
deiistein claimed that there was
no intention to criticise the as
sociation, and asked for the adop
tion of the report. Arguments were made
by Supervisors Tobln, Reed and Dwyer in
favor of the motion, and short speeches
were made by Hotaling and Wilson
against it. A vote was taken and the
motion prevailed by a vote of 12 to 4.
The committee appointed by this board was
charged with the speclnc duty of endeavoring
to bring about a conference between the Em
ployers' Association and their employes and to
take any other means necessary to terminate
the strike. We bent our energies and gave our
time in an "effort to secure such a conference,
but failed. -The committee met the labor unions
and they consented to a conference. On the
"other hand the Employers' Association would
not consent to a conference. We think, with
out poins into the merit of the controversy or
questions Involved, that they are. unwise, that
their procedure is unwarranted and we beliew
that if they had agreed to. a conference, the
entering wedge would have been made whereby
this strike would have been settled. They
would not agree to it. They say they will not
deal with unions, but will only deal as lndl
vi'Jjial employers with individual employes. W>
dorrt believe as a committee that their stand
Is a proper one. We can't imagine how a con
ference could do any harm and we believe it
could do a . vast amount of good. Therefore
we ask that this report be adopted.
When the report of the Committee on
Conference was read by the clerk. Chair
man Curtis said he would depart from the
usual custom of having it placed on file
and would move to have it adopted. Su
pervisor Dwyer seconded the motion. Su
pervisor Fontana then arose and said he
was opposed to the motion, whereupon
Mr. Curtis gave his reasons for asking its
adoption by the board. He said in part:
APITAL and labor had its in
/f^ nings at the meeting of the Board
(I • of . Supervisors yesterday af ter-
noon. The debates between the
members of the board were tor
rid, and after the smoke of battle cleared
away three things had been accomplished.
The report of the committee appointed
by the Mayor to arrange a conference
betweerr the Employers' Association and
employt-s was adopted after a heated dis
cussion. The ordinance introduced by Su
pervisor Reed asking that all special po
licemen be uniformed and the substitute
introduced by. Supervisor Samuel Braun
hart, relating to their qualifications, were
.referred to the City and County Attorney
for his opinion as to their legality.. The
resolutions introduced by Supervisor Reed
having for an object the censuring of the
Chamber of Commerce for finding fault
with the Mayor because he did not issue
a proclamation, and Police Commissioner
Newhall for his statements in public
print, were indefinitely postponed.
The strike situation showed little change yesterday. Various measures pertaining to the strike before the Board of Supervisors
were discussed, ivith the result. that the resolution censuring the Chamber of Commerce and Mayor Phelan for their attitude in the matter
of the strike zvas indefinitely postponed. The report of the conciliation committee • zcas adopted. Fezv disturbances s zvere reported to the
police. Belief that the end of < the strike is near is grozving among business men.'
IB.-»MnAjte.«l J ,;TOIMlM, SEPTEMBER ¦ 2. 1<K,1. _
SUPERVISORS REFUSE TO ADOPT RESOLUTION
CENSURING MAYOR AND CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
Continued on Page Eleven.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
ftftl RIUQI A ' as rewicisco'3
IfULUlfllSl^l LEADING THEATRE
LAST 3 I 1-AST MATINEE
Sights. : I Saturday.
Charles Frohman Presents
ANNIE RUSSELL
In R. Marshall's Comedy of Romance,
A ROYAL_FAM1LY.
Beginning'NEXT MONDAY,
Opsnin* of Fall and Winter Season. "With Fol-
lowing Prlctj Scale: 91 .SO, $1, 75c,
SOc, 35c, 25c.
THOS. Q.
SEABROOKE
In Sydney Rosenfeld's Romantic Comic Play,
"A MODERN CRUSOE"
Seat Sale Begins TO-DAY!
A Red-Letter Week in Vaudeville
George W. Leslie and Company, Ern-
est Hogan, Libby, Trayer and
Gilbert, the Five Sunbeams, the La
Vallee Trio, Mile. Lotty, the Great
Powell and His Company, and. the
Biograph. '
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. 50c.
LAST THREE PERFORMANCES OF
MR. JAMBS AND THE
Mfi^S I I\ NEILL
£ W SLmad M Mas* Mm* COMPANY.
!£ THE JILT
To-Morrow Night (farewell), "THE LOTTERY
OF LOVE."
NEXT SATURDAY NIGHT— THE MYSTE-
! KIOUS
- - - n>-«j-re-rv-<-» - - -
AND HIS COMPANY.
Mirth. Ml sic. Mimicry, Masric. Special en-
! gacemer.t of RICHARD J. JOST5
| America's greatest contra-tenor. &EIATS
i THURSDAY.
i . ¦ ¦
am t4* B I Wt Bi "5" B"S t&P' V A $L
» a t^. aSkJrt I nS V
FLORENCE^ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
-i In Shaktspeare's Best Comedy,
The Taming of
the Shrew.
EVEIIY NIGHT AT 8:13.
. MATINEE SATURDAY AT 1
BASEBALL. £
SACRAMENTO vs. SAN FRANCISCO.
To=day, Friday and Saturday at 3:15.
SUNDAY AT, 2:30 P. M,
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Etreets.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
- OPEN' DAILY from 7 a.' m. to Up. m.
' -Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. .CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, including admission. 23c; children, SCc.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BBmmsmaQBBHfiHBBBBBHBMI
¦¦ : ¦• - :.... . • - . h
I Bargains! Bargains! |
5 ..:;..i]sr...... g
i NEW™ STYLISH GARMENTS s
I liLli — ullLlull UniUflLll I J i
5 • ' • ' ' ¦
B CHILDREN'S JACKETS, hit trimmed, value (I) ftft a
§ for $5-00, will be sold at. ..... *........ J^/iUU S
¦ MISSES' EMBROIDERED CLOTH CAPES, a fjft ¦
B value or $6.00. Sale price ft , II || a
13 —. ¦
% MISSES' GOLF CAPES WITI^ PLAID C flfl §
g. HOODS, value for $7.00. Sale price .... JjUU g
¦ LADIES' BLACK AND, COLORED EM- n
m BROIDERED CLOTH CAPES, value for C flfl 8
§ $7-5O, .will be offered at 0 1 U U 3
¦ CHILDREN'S BOX COATS, in all shades, r flfj 1
« value for $7.00. Sale-price...... H 11 §J i
¦ .LADIES' BLACK, BLUE AND GRAY " g
I CLOTH SKIRTS, all pure wool, neatly QJ ft fl w
I trimmed, value for $5.50. Sale priced . . . . . JiU (J §
S LADIES' BLACK SILK WAISTS, value for Q jr g
S $6.00. Sale price :........... ...".:: JifOs
b ' ¦ . —^— : — ; — - ' 8
I LADIES' FUR BOAS, value for $3.00, will be 0 flfl i
B ; placed on sale at. ........-..*'. . Z.UU S
5 LADIES' FUR COLLARETTES, value for { 7C |i
I $3.00, will be sold at . . . . . . . . . V . ....... ... . |> | 3 D
¦ I ~ ."¦ ¦ ' . ' '¦' — : — : — i — ~ " — ¦ ' .' - ¦ : H
S RAGLANS will be offered at. K flfl g
I LADIES' .BOX COATS.in tan, blue and C flfl §
S3 brown, value for $7.00. Sale price ....... U.UU ' B
g WHITE AND GRAY FEATHER BOAS, ' (V P(J J
g value for $10.00, will be offered at ......... UiOU "
¦ ladies; colored moreen -skirts'. '¦ : C-fl" ; B
m will be placed on sale at. .... .....:...... ,UU 5
gi Laclies will do well to call and examine the above lines, g
g ' as they are positively the . greatest bargains ever ' offered v in H
Jn'T2UT17Xr Jb PA s
. U JdjII^ JN 06 l/U- 1
I 1146 Market Street. |
¦HIHiaBgBBIBBBBigilHHBBlBBlHHBHaBIBBBBflSSiaS
ADVEBTISEKENTS.
Positively cured by thess
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nansea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tontfue. Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
AUCTION!
Referee's Auction Sale
BT ORDER OF COURT.
FINAL OFFERING OF
Crooks' Estate Properties,
Monday, September 23, 1901,
12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Salesrooms of
G. H. UMBSEN&CO.,
Nc. 14 Montgomery Street.
Prominent Third-Street Comep,
200 feet of Market Street. Lapgra
frontages on Third, Stevenson
and Jessie Streets. The largest
available corner left in this sec-
tion of the cty. Offered in three
subdivisions—
1. Xorth corner Third and Jessie sts., 69 ft.
on Third Ft., 83 ft. on Jessie Et. Stores and
offices; rents S52CO per annum.
2 Three-story and basement brick building
slid lot fronting 60 It. on Stevenson St.. S7:6
ii. east of Third st., and fronting r7:6 fL on
JesFie.
3. Three-story and basement brick building
and lot fronting 60 ft. on Stevenson et., 117:6
it. east en Third st. and fronting 47 ft. on
Jestie st. Annual income from these last two
I^eces $4000: can he separated and increased
viih small outlay.
Choice Piece of Business Properly.
Nos. S10, 912 and 914 Kearny street, between j
Jackson and Pacific, extending through to
Montgomery avenue; two frontases, 43:6 feet
en Kearny and 60 feet on Montgomery avenue;
will pay well when properly Improved.
Brick Building, Nos. 915-917-919
Dupont Street.
Bttween 'Warhing^on and Jackson; lot 47:8
feet by 137:6 fept: best location in Chinatown;
present rental $155 per month.
Nos. 832-834 Washing-ton street.
Large, centrally located corner brick build-
ing in Chinatown, northwest corner of Wash-
ing-ton street and Stouts alley, between Dupont
aid Stockton streets; 64:6 by 137:6 feet; rents-
?"i.O per month.
Thrae Large Pieces of Property in
Potrero District.
Corning manufacturing center of the city; !
described a* follows: ' |
AIitifM entire block bounded by ISth and
l?th, Wisconsin and Arkansas streets.
Arkansas street frontage of 200 feet, from
Arkansas to Wisconsin streets.
Nineteenth street. S. W. corner of Wisconsin,
96:10 feet on 19th by 85 feet on Wisconsin et.
fee diagrams for further particulars, or the
Referees.
J. T. HARMES, 626 Market St.
G. H. liMBSEN, 14 Montgomery St.
P. J. SULLIVAN, R^rrott Building.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BENITO CO.
To raise money to build a large furnace on
this mine we will sell treasury stock for OOc
per ehare until further notice. Silver Creek
Quicksilver Mining Co. Ftock Is all sold and
iscued. asd we are now producing quicksilver.
Investigate this offer.
H. R. BRADFORD. General Manager.
7 North Market Et., Ean Jose.
Prospectus and exhibits at branch office. 413
Kearsy et. Ean Francisco. . '
F. DE FREITAS. Agent.
HIGHLAND
GZFRINGS : : :
The months of September and October at
Hicfcl» na 's fire simply beautiful, bright, sunny
days coo! nights. Hunting:. FiehinR. Riding.
Driving. Every Comfort and Amusement.
Rates from September I to May i,
310 and 3i2 per week; $35, $40
and $45 per month.
rail on L. D. CRAIG, 215, or Traveler Office,
» 'Montgomery ft., «ir MRS. KATE J. WIL-
L.ETTP room Zi. Floofl building. San Fran-
circe or write io CRA10! & WARXER, man-
agere. Highland Springe. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS.
The only plac-e fh the United States where
Vi<-!:y Water is abundant. Th* only natural
I^«<-'r:c "Waters; Champagne Kaths; Springs
NumprouE; ISaths Un^iualed. Three miles from
UV'iah. i- A. tt£DEMEYEK & CO.,
Proprietors.
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
p. O. ET- VEUAKO. Cal.. Verano Station
(Klr.tf Crossing), oil California Northwestern
Pa'lwav. Hot mineral bathe near by. Terms
j: per <Ss>' *"<! upward. PETEK GOUILHAU-
DOl', Lessee- • •
LAKEPCRT AND BAP.TLETT SPRINGS
PTAGE UN'E.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via L,akeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs, stages connect
v.-ith trains at Hopland. Lea\£ Hopland at
:2:S0: arrive at Lamport at 3:30;. arrive at
Bartlett Pprinps ct 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
tens^r tourifct U'jiponf, made to order for this
ftage line, with all the most modern Improve-
TnentF. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartleti
Springe *"«!> for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
CHEAPEST and bert In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for jl,
poetage paid.
"'"'. \",'~l\y_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
eOPYMQW T MOO BY TMI PROCTER t GANStE CO. emaXNATI
PART AND PARCEL. I
WM)j)j[ DAINTY box, an exquisite wrapper, a deli-
%P^j/ cate color, and a clinging fragrance — yet ail
|i||S2 these will not cleanse the skin! Has it ever
lililia occured to you that you pay big prices for
these things? Do you care to buy five articles or do
you require only one— a strictly pure soap. Remember
you pay for perfume whenever you buy it mixed
with soap. Don't you think it is wiser to make your
own selection of perfume and buy it separately? It is
certainly the method adopted by most persons of culti-
vated taste, those' who bathe with pure Ivory Soap.
IVORY SOAP — 99 4 5^ PER CENT. PURE.
New Teeth Tlle exchange is made
/ n/ff without pain -and with
for Ula. much advantage to those
whose teeth have been a source of
trouble.
Our System of Dentistry
is modern and embraces all the newest
discoveries and improvements.
Extracting, Filling, C'eaning. Teeth
with or without plates 0/T f)f)
Chalmers Dental Co.
San Francisco, 133 < Powell St.
AMUSEMENTS.
SECURE SEATS— AVOID RUSH.
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening Thl3 "Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Greatest Triumph Known In Year3.
Edw. Eisner's Spectacular Biblical Drama,
A VOICE FROM
THE WILDERNESS.
Engagement of the- Eminent American Actor.
ROBERT DOWNING*
2C0 People on the Stage — A Great Cast.
PDIlEC Evenings 10c 15c. 25c, 35c. SOo
HVIvLJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 2Sa
* T I V Q 1_ i *
~- 49 IV wu0 BS3^S !•
_____ . •
Evenings at 8 sharp. Matinee Saturday at t
sharp.
, To-Night, Sunday NiglU and Saturday Matinea
¦"CARMEN."
WIta the Only COLLAMAKINI!
Triday and Saturday. ' j
"FAUST."
With the Stroneest Cast Ever Heard Herat
"FAUST" (NEXT~WEEK) "CARMEU"
POPUUAR PRICES 25c, 50c. 73o
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUXDAT.
EVENINGS S SHARP. MATINEES 2 SHARP.
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In a Grand Production of Stanislaus Stance's
Orisinal Version of
"QUO VADIS."
I Mlrs Florence Stone. Sap Francisco's Great
Favorite, will be seen as Lydgia, on account of
the illness of Miss Hall.
POPULAR PRICES 10c, 15c. 25c. 50c. 750
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 23c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
CHUTES^™ ZOO
\ Big Vaudeville Bill.
' . SPECIAL — TO-NIGHT
The j[tnateiirs
LADIES' BASKET BALL CONTEST.
. Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
ITTCpTJ17P»C CONCERT HOUSE.
Von Supped "BEAUTIFUL. GALATEA."
Mae Tunison, Wren and Linden, Merle Stanton,
June Mathias, Sam Holdsworth and our un-
rivaled orchestra. " ¦
Reserved Seats. 23c. Matinee Sunday.
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
,- plan.
GRAND HOTEL.New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
2,755,000 bushels futures; 200,000 bushels spot.
Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 75%c f. o. b. afloat; No.
2 red, 74>/ic elevator; No. 2 Northern Duluth,
76c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, nominal,
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened firm and a
shade higher on the Government report. State
weakened under sales for long account, large
receipts, easy cables and small clearances.
Closed weak, at %@%c net loss. May, 79%@
79T*c, closed 70Uc: September. 74»£@74%c, closed
74%c; October, 74}&@74%c. closed 74%c; Decem
ber, 7e@78 13-16C, closed 76%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES-Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE- Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 86 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 3c;
refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. .6435 packages; State
dairy. 14@18«4c; creamery, 15%@20%c; June
packed factory, 14@15%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7693 packages; steady; State
and Pennsylvania, 18@20c; Western candled
17@lSc; Western uncandled, 14@17c. "
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— Business in evapo
rated fruits was confined chiefly to immediate
requirements, at old prices. The undertone
however, remains steady. State, common to
good, 5@8c; choice, 9c; fancy, 9Ho. .
California dried fruits unchanged.
PRUNES-3%@7c.
8%@13cf Moor Park, 8@
PEACHES— Peeled. 11® 18c; unpeeled. 6@9c.
* ; 3f.
NEW YORK, Sept. 1L— FLOUR— Receipts.
11,985 barrels; exports. 4561 barrels; market was
active on Minneapolis flour and generally
steady. ,
WHEAT— Receipts, 16,200 bushels; sales,
Chicago Grain Market.
Reception at Japanese Church
A reception was held last evening at th
Japanese Metoodist Episcopal ChnrJv.
1S29 Pine street, in honor of ihe R^v n '
M. C. Harris. There was a large nTter?^
ance cf the reverend gentleman't *? n 2"
and the evening wa nlT™ £2%?**
Cash quotations were- as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring. wheat. 67%@6Sc; No. 2 red
70@70%c; No. 2 corn. S6iic ; ' No. 2 oats 3i««j
llV K % 2 "^ hIte - 36%@37>,ic ; No. 3 , white. • 36%<g)
3£%c;- No 2 rye ; c5c; • fair to choice malting
barley. oo^60c; No. 1 flaxseed. »1 47; No 1
Northwestern, $1 43;, prime timothy seed, $5 25
mess pork, per bbl. $14 70@14 75; , lard, • per 100
lbs. |3 33©9 40; ehort ribs sides (loose). JS 50®
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands' sell
about l%c under .. quotations. Heavy, salted
Steers, 10%c; medium, 9%c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and ,9c for light; Stags,
6%c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16@16%c; Culls. 14c- Dry
Kip. 16c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands 15c-
Sheepsklns. shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool, 30S?50c each; .medium, 50@75c; • long
Wool. ' SOC?J1 'each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 60®
2 75: for large and J2@2 35 .for medium, tl 50(3
175 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides
dry, n 75 for large. $1 25<gl 50 for medium, Jl 25
for small and 50c. for Colts. • Deerskins-r-Sum
mer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium, skins,
30c; winter or thin skins, ,-20c. ' Goatskin3—
Hides, Tallow, Wool and. Hops.
The auxiliary of Company B. League of
the Cross Cadets, is making arrangements
for an entertainment and dance in aid of
the armory- an-J uniform fund of Comnanv
B. which Is to be held in Mission T Par'or
Hall on October 30. The following com
mittee has the arrangements in charge-
Frank A. koch (chairman). Joseph Jamfa
Burns. Timothy J. Crowe. William «
Johnson end Walter O'Connor. mm B -
League of the Cross Cadets.
Articles- : Open. ,• High. - Low. Close.
iv heat .va. 1.. . . *
September 68% 68?i 68 • eg
December 71 . 71%. / 70«i 70%
"corn'No."*::-" ™ ¦ • "* |||
September ' 66% 56% 55 '¦ 55U
December , 58% '. 58*4 •' 57 57
M Oats-No."2-"- 6 ° % . 6 ° % ¦". B8% ", *™
September 34 34 33% 33«
December, ..: 35S4 35%' 35 35%
May 37% 37% 37% 371?
Mess Pork, per bbl— - * 31 '*¦
September 146214
October 14 77% 14 77% 14 72% 14 72&
January .V..15 SO 15 S3 15 72% 15 75*
Lard, ner 100 lbs- * ' a
September 0 40 ¦¦ 9 40 9 32U 9 v;~
October 9 40 9 40 9 35- 9 35
January 9 17% 9 20 9 10 9 10
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs- .
September :... 8 52% 8 55 8 52% 8 55*
October ...8 67% 8 67%. 8 57% .': 8 62%
January' 8 15 ... 8 17% 8 07% . 8 10
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c- per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light: medium, 13%c for light.
liVJc for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured"
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14@14 1 ,jc; California
Hams, 13%c; Mess Beef, $11 per <: barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family. J12 50; prime Mess Pork
$15; extra clear. $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef!
14c per pound. . • -¦ » . ¦ -..
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7l£<SSc per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure; half-barrels pure
ll%c: 10-lb tins, 12c; S-lb tins, 12%c. , '
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 9% C ; three
half-barrels." $Kc; one tierce. 0%c; two tierces
9c; five tierces, &%c per lb. .
Lard continues scarce t and ' firm at the ad
vance already noted.-- Bacon is also quoted
film, with a further advance hinted at." Hams
are in better , supply and not as firm as the
other two descriptions. . , .
Provisions.
Says He Acted Professionally.
Dr. J. Depew Kergan, the physician
whose name was used in connection with
the alleged extortion scheme the discov
ery of which led to the arrest on Tuesday
of Charles Compton. Irvine Satniff and
Eugene Funk, claims that his connection
with the arrested men was of a strictK
legitimate professional nature. He was
Introduced to Compton. he says by a Da .
tient. Compton told him he was hiring a
number of men to work in a mine and
before he engaged them wanted to be' sure
they were physically sound and capable
of doing the hard work which would b*=
expected of them. Kergan says he agreed
to make Ihe necessary examinations. He
examined only one man. he says but re
ceived no money for his services, not haw.
ins arranged with Compton as to what
his compensation was to be.
CHICAGO, Sept. 1L— Wheat opened higher on
a Government report showing the crop of both
spring and winter wheat to be at considerable
variance with the estimates of experts, but the
lack of any outside demand entirely offset the
bullish effect of the crop bulletin and after a
momentary strength early prices gradually de
clined. The decline in corn and continued lib
eral receipts In the Northwest were also bear
features. There was a good sized export busi
ness at the seaboard with fair clearances but
absence of any considerable trading kept prices
down. December closed -%@Vfcc lower at 70*ic
A reduction in the total corn crop of .two'
thirds from the August report, as given out in
the Government report, was the cause of the
strong opening In that grain and there was
a fairly good demand during the first few min
utes of trading. On the bulge, there was. a
large amount of long stuff thrown on the mar
ket and the early advance was more than all
lost. Covering by shorts brought about a re
action of 14c. but heax-y selling: a«aln carried
price 3 down. December closed %c lower at 57c
Oats opened higher in sympathy with other
grains, but were comparatively steady through
l^dmo^' December closed a sh ade higher
There was a fair trade in provisions at time*
and the opening was at steady prices -Under
the influence of grains longs disposed of much
of their holdings, causing a weaker tone Fluc
tuations were within a narrow range. Januarv
pork closed 5@7Vic lower at «S 72U; lard 7UV
lower at $9 10, and ribs were 6c lower
The leading futures ranged as follows:
The condition of the Prune and other fruit
crops in Oregon will be seen in the first
column. The Prune crop of the whole Pacific
Coast Is now reduced to about 90,000,000 pounds
against 1S5,000,000 pounds last year. The French
crop Is estimated at about 40,000 000 pound*
and the Turkish crop at 88,000,000 pounds and
the total output of the world this year will
be about 228,000,000 pounds, against 341 SOO 000
last year.
FRUITS-Apricots, 7%@9%c for Royals and
S@12%c . fpr standard to fancy Moorparks-
Evaporated Apples, 7%@8%c; sun dried. 4&4iic :
Peaches. 6®8c; Pears, 6@9c;. Plums, pitted 4@
5%c; unpltted, l@2c; Nectarines. 6@6%c for
red and 6@6%c for white; Figs, 3%c for black
. PRUNES— Old crop are quoted by the Asso
ciation on the basis of 3«.ic for the four sizes
New crop are quoted on the basis of 3ViS3V4c
for the four sizes.
RAISINS— Are cleaned up and nominal •
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12@i2%c-
No. 2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell. 10@10%c- No. *'
6Vi<g7%c; Almonds, 13®14c f or ' papershell 10®
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell •' Pea
nuts, 5®7c for Eastern;. Brazil Nuts, 12@I2W.«-
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts'
$3 t0@5. ¦ ,.¦
HONEY— Comb. 12®12%c for bright and 10©
12c for light amber; water white extracted 5V
@6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5c; dark,'' 4@
414c.
BEESWAX— 23@28c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Hay and * Feedstuff s.
There. Is no change in anything: Moderate
¦ FLOUR— California Family • Extras. $3 25@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, --|3 15@3 25;
Oregon. |2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3.for bakers'; Washington bakers',. $2 75
®2. • .- - ¦ . .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to "the trade: ¦ Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 : lbe ; Rye Flour, $2 75 ; Rye
Meal. $2 50; j Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal $3 25
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats. $5; -Hominy U
@4 25;.. Buckwheat :, Flour; $4(^4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour
S3 25; Rolled Oats.: (barrels), $6 85@8 35; in
Backs, $6 50@8: Pearl Barley, $5;' Split Peaa, So;
Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 3:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Previous quotations rule, with a dull
market. -> ¦ ¦ ¦
Grays, $1 15@1 22%; whites. $1 15@1 30; black
97%c@$l 05, and- red. *1 05@l 17% per ctl.
CORN— Chicago opened active and firm, but
there were more sellers than buyers at the ad
vance. There were heavy rains in ¦ the -West
and Northwest. 5 Later on the market weakened
and closed lower. . The large holders were per
sistent sellers all day, causing weakness in
everything. There were no signs of any, sup
port. . 1 ¦ - ¦ .
. The Department of Agriculture gave the con
dition of the crop at 51.7, which is the lowest
September average ever known, and 3 points
below 1881, the previous lowest year. In spite
of the rains, which helped late Corn consid
erably, there are only a few States in which
the corn crop has held its own during the past
month. .-¦ ¦ • . . ' ...t - •
I The San Francisco market is dull and un
changed. ' ¦
Small round Yellow, $175; Eastern Yellow
$1 65: White. $1 75@1 80 per ctl; mixed, $1 65 '
ff, RYE— 75<S80c per ctl. ..
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none in'flrst hand!
, Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May— 10,000 ctl»
*l 04.
Afternoon Session— December — 6000 ctls
$1 00%; 8000, ' Jl. May-2000, *1 03%.
; BARLEY— There Is nothing new to report, ex
cept that there is a steady feeling in the better
grades of feed, owing to light offerings.
. Feed, 73%@75c for choice bright, 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades. 77%@85c; Chevalier. 95c@$l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
¦WHEAT— Yesterday was a dull and feature
less day all over the world, with no news of
Importance. The foreign markets were weak,
and ChlcagOL after a firm opening, fell back.
The San Francisco market was lifeless.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96V4c; milling. Jl@
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange,' 60 days.'..... — $4 84 -
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight ...... — ¦ 10 •
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Silver, per ounce • bsu,
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ ' 47 @ 471,4
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW WESTERN H JTEL.
S -Wilson & w, Sacto I
C Robblns & w. Oakld
E L Moore & w. Oakld
R R Keck. BakersfleW
J Burck. Bakersfleld
E Broom, Bakersfleld
P Ghldossl. Cal
J Tape. Berkeley
J Nelson. Sacto
F Perry. Denver
A M Leonard Cal
L F Bauman. Stockton
D Doig, L Acg
G S Crawford. Nebr
J Holnklst. S Barb
M G Parslon. S Jos«
J Byrne. Chicago
C Mason, St Louis
T Jacobs, Si Loui3
PALACE HOTEL.
P TV Morse. Watsonvl
J Thomas, Spokane
H A Strohmeyer, N J
M Friend. London
C 'Vercoe. London
O Weise, N Y
W C Stimson, L Ang
J Schneider, N Y
Mrs Hurley, N Y
H L Rltts. Mass
Mrs C A Rltts. Mass
J .Kennedy & w. N Y
J G Cottier. N T
Mrs Cottier, N Y
W D Roberts. Boston
G S Flske. Boston
A Shelton & w -Wash
W Bartlett & w, L A
J Van Bergen, S Mateo
E Van Bergen. S Mat
H Van Bergen. S Mat
Mrs Van Bergen. S AI
G L Siebreck, Ttx
M D Rubins, X Y
EC Estey. Boston
T Field & vr. Moatery
J D Schuyler, L Ans
C Glade, Guatemala
S T Clover, L Ads
W Kunheim. L Ang
K A Barr. L Ans
W E WhitUer. StaaCrd
J Hatch, S Jose
Mrs Alaenaughton. NT
Miss G Hoe.N Y
Miss Rowland >T Y
R Beckwlth &"w. Chgt»
A Y Comstock. N Y
A Hay & f . L Ang
GRAND HOTEI*
B Johnson, Los Ang
B W Martlnel, MiHVal
L R Patery & w.Oakld
T Jessen, Australia
H Jessen. Australia
"W M Lawlor. Eldridge
U M Harries, Los Ang
I N Roberts, Chicago
J M Benham, Stckton
J R Roblnflon&w.Chico
W F Rudolph, Tacma
C S Hangsbers, Prtlnd
H A Flood. Spokane
P 3 Bolt, Portland
A T Bonney. Seattle
W A Smith, Stanford
TV F Kloti, Alma.Colo
O F Alwood, Stockton
J Small. Gait
Dr F Raynes, Angel3
Dr PA Alexander.
Sheep Ranch
Mrs M Reardon, S Jose
Miss Reardon, S Jose
S M Reynolds & wife,
San Rafael ,
A Bendel & wf, Oakld
Miss Bendel. Oakland
Miss I Bendel, Oaklnd
Mrs H T Mills. Alamd
A V Mills A w. Alamd
J Betts, San Jose
H L Corson, Los Ang
Mrs J J Orton. Wis
Dr TV H Watkins & w,
! New Orleant
G N KimbalL V 9 A
G S Helm & w. Fresno
TV Lamport, Kansas
W G Alexander ft v;
San Jose • -
Mrs F K Ledyard, S J
H Studnitika & wife
St Louis
A S Williams, S Jo»e
J M MeClung-. Cal
T L Reed. Reedley
Mrs J W Beckwlth A
dghtr. Pleasanton
G Turner, Modesto
H Conner, Pa
B F Shepherd. Frano
Dr J M Blodgett. Lodl
W S Boyd. Wash.D C
J K Pattee & w. Val
ley Springs
L A Spitzer. Saa Jos*
W A Pearce &. wife.
Sydney
L G Ecklon. Cal
Mrs P Belding. Stitn
Mrs R Lane. Stockton
X T Drake. St Paul
J W Heniek. Stockton
G Dean. Sonora
H Baswltz. Phoenix
G H Oilman & w.MIna
H Fahnestock. Peoria
S Turner. Modesto
HOTEL ABBIVAU5.
. J WEDNESDAY, Sept. 11— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. "
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup f .113 114 4s «y c (new).138>il40.
4s quar reg... 112 113 3s quar coup.,108%109
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C os.lOS — Oceanic SS 5s.lOJ IPS
Cal-st 03 118 — Omnibus C 6s. 132
C C Water 5s. — 108V4 Pac G Imp 4s. — 10O
Ed L & P 6s..l2S%133% Pk & Cl H 6S.109 —
Fer & Cl R 6s. — - Pk ft O R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 6s. — — .
H C fc S 5%s.lO6Vi — Sac E G R 5s. 93 —
Do 5s — — S F & SJV 5S.122U —
Los Ang R 5s. 118 120 Sierra Cal 6s. — —
L A Light 6S.101K - S P of A 6s* .
Do gntd 6S..100 — (1902) '..11214 —
Do gntd 5S..102 — 1910) 113>4 —
L A & -Pas 5S.102V4 — B P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. — — (1309),. Ser A.109%110
Mkt-st Cab 6s. - 128% (1905), Ser B.110%111
Do 1 c m 5S.120 123 (1906) 112^112%
Nev C N G 7s — — (1912) 121% —
N R of Cal 6s. 112 — S P of Cal 1st -
Do 5s 121U — c gntd 5s 107 —
Nor Pac C 6s. 101% — 5 P Br Ca! 6s. 136 —
Do 5s — 106U S V Water 6s.lU%112
Nor Cal R 5s. Ill — Do. 4s 102%lC3%
Oak Gas 5s 113%114 Do 4s, 3d m.101 101%
Do Trans 6s. 120 121 Stktn Gas 6s.. 104 —
Do Water 5s. 102% —
WATER STOCKS. .
Contra Costa.. — 79 I Port Costa 60 65
Marin County. 53 60 .'Spring Valley. 87% —
GAS AND : ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.:. 4 5 Pac Light — 47
Equitable 3*4 4 Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4% 5^4 S F G & E... 41 41<
Oakland 51%— San Francisco. 4Vi 4%
Pac Gas Imp. 3S 41 'Stktn G & E. 8 — -
• <\ INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 247: |
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal — — L P A A. 154 160
California ....403 406 Mer Ex Oiq).. is —
Cal Safe Dep.lOS — S F National.. 127%123
First Natl 305 312
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1300 — Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav... 52 — Union Trust. .1600 —
San Franclsco.520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 — lO S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 (Presidio — J7ji
Market <6% Wil
Giant 74%— IVigorit Z% *
Hana .......... 6 — v |Kilauea — 12
Hawaiian — 50 Makaweli 23 —
Honokaa 12%— Onomea 24 —
Hutchlnson ... 15% Kr&iPaauhau 12% —
T MISCELLANEOUS. .
Alaska Pack... 133 136 J Oceanic S Co.. 41% —
Cal Fruit Can. — 96 iPae Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 94 . '— Pac C Borax.165 —
Mer Ex 110 — IPar Paint .18 —
- Morning Session.
10 Honokaa 1275
170 Hutchinson S P Company 1523
370 Hutchinson S P Company 15 50
15 Kilauea Sugar P Company 12 00
. 35 Oceanic S S Company. 4' 50
10 Oceanic S3 Company 42 00
15 S F Gas & Electric Company 41 00
$7000 S P of Arizona (1910) 113 37U
60 S V Water 33 00
$5600 S V 6 per cent bonds.' 11162%
; "• . ' -'."¦ Afternoon Session. '
Board— . .--,•.:.,;.'¦. ,'
ZO California Wine Association 94 00
30 Giant Powder Consolidated 74 30
50 Honokaa S Company. 12 75
100 Hutchinson S P Company 15 50
?0 Makaweli 25 00
35 Market-street Railway ....: ....... 77 CO
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Beyond still higher prices for Oceanic Steam
ship at $42042 50. there was nothing new on
the morning session of the Bond Exchange,
and the oil stocks were also dull.
There was nothing new in the afternoon.
A dividend of 50 cents per share was paid
yesterday, by the California-street Railway
Company.
West Shore Oil Company has declared a divi
dend of ¦ 5 cents, payable September 25. '
The directors of the Pacific Gas Improve
ment Comoany have passed the September
dividend and issued the following explanatory
circular to the stockholders: "On account of
the low price of gas. brought about by com
petition, of which you are probably aware,
your directors have decided to suscend divi
dends until such a time as the business of the
company warrants the resumption."
At the annual election of the Producers* Oil
Exchange on the 10th the following officers
were elected: President. William Edwards:
vice president, Charles ' Sonntag; secretary, R.
W. Heath; treasurer, Sylvaln Saloman; chair
man. Joseph L. King; for committee on mem
bership—William F. Belden, Josua Epplnger,
A. G. Gurnett. J. B. Hill. C. M. KUbourne, H.
A. Marvin, A. S. Wollberg. The meeting wu
the largest in the history of the exchange and
the election was very close.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. 5Oc@$3; Le mons
$1@1 25 for common and $3 50@3 50 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. $1(32 50; Mexican Limes
$3@3 50; Bananas, 75c@$2 per bunch; Pineap
ples, $1 50@3 per dozen.
GRAPES— Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent more than small boxes and crat»s
which are quoted as follows: Fontainebleaii
and Sweetwater, 40c per box and crate; Tokay
40@75c per box; Muscat, 40(g75c; Seedless, 50©
$5c; Black, 40@75c; Isabella, 50c@$l; Wine
Grapes. $25<g SO per ton for Zinfandel and $20®"°
for white. ,
MELONS— Nutmegs. 25@60eTj>er box; Canta
loupes. 50c<g$l per crate; Watermelons. $5@25
per 100.
PEACHES— 40Q65C per box and $15@2S per
ton for Frees and $20@40 for Clings; Peaches in
carriers, eOtffSoc, according to size of carrier-
Mountain Peaches, 50@75c per box.
NECTARINES— Red, 40@75c per box.
POMEGRANATES— 75090c per box. , •
PEARS— Bartletts, $1 25@1 50 per box for No
1, 75@90c for No. 2; other Pears. 25@65c per box"
QUINCES-40@ 65c per box. . '
STRAWBERRIES-$3@7 per cheet for Long
worths and $3@6 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES, per chest
RASPBERRIES— $6@8 per chest. .
HUCKLEBERRIES-7@Sc per lb.
FIGS— Black. 40@75c for double layer boxes'
White, 35@75c. >*¦ . '
PLUMS— 25@60c per box; Prunes, 30@60c per
crate; Washington Gages, $20 per ton- Egg
Plums. $20 per ton.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice'
and 35@65c for ordinary.
CRABAPPLES— 60@75c per box, according to
package.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Peaches. Bartlett- Pears and Plums are not
attracting much attention now, and their sea
son will practically close In several weeks.
The Bartletts are already on their last legs.
There, is not much call for Pomegranates.
Longworth Strawberries came in shaken ud
and in bad order. • '
Wine Grapes continue firm,' with a tendency
toward higher prices. Table Grapes show
little change. Melons rule steady at the good
prices. .
Deciduous and Citrus, Fruits..
TUESDAY, Sept. 11 — 4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ajfc
Alpha 01 03 Justice 62 04
Alta 02 03 Kentuck — 02
Andes 01 03 Lady Wash ... 01
Belcher H 13 Mexican 24 25
Best & Belchr 24 25 Occidental .... 01 V2
Bullion 01 03 Ophir SS 87
Caledonia IS . .17 Overman ....... 05 o«
Challenge Con 17 IS Potosl 04 CH
Chollar 03 03 Savage 04 05
Confidence .... 65 63'Scorpion — C4
Con Cal & Va.l 83 1 90 Seg Belcher .. 02 04
Con Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nev ... 26 27
Con New York — 01 Silver Hill 3S 34
Crown Point.. 03 05 St Louis ...... 06
Eureka Con .. 14 — Standard — S C5
Exchequer .... — 01 Syndicate — 08
Gould & Curry 09 10 Union Con ... 09 in
Hale & Nor... 18 13 Utah 05 P8
Julia — 02lYellow Jacket 0» 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPT. 1L
Flour, qr sks 20.411 Bran, sks ....... 2,120
Wheat, ctls 29.321 Middlings, sks .. 515
Barley, ctls 212,673 Straw, tons 20
Oats, ctls 1,070 Hay, tons 573
Corn, ctls 145 Wine, gals 25,850
Tallow, ctls ..... 5S5 Leather, rolls ... 83
Sugar, ctls 2,627 Quicksilver, flsks 203
Beans, sks .. 1.117 Lime, bbls 182
Wool, sks 224 Chicory, bbls 25
Potatoes, sks ... 5,986 Pelts, bdls 3,838
Onions, ska 681 Hides, No 902
200 Best & Belch 21 100 Ophir S7
230 Caledonia .... 16 400 Sierra Nev... 27
200 Challenge Con IS 200 Silver Hill 33
50 Con Ca! & Va 1 9fl 200 Union Con ... C9
2C0 Gould & Cur. 09 S0O Yellow Jacket 11
300 Mexican 21 800 Yellow Jacket 10
Afternoon Session.
Morninr Session.
200 Con Cal & Va 1 90! 200 Ophir IK
150 Con Cal & V.I 87% 300 Ophir 8*
500 Mexican 231 200 Sierra Nev... 26
20O Mexican 24! 300 Silver Hill.... 34
3C0 Ophir 82l
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
There* was no further decline in Butter, and.
Indeed, some ; dealers " are inclined to think
that the bottom had been reached, as the lower
prices have already stimulated the consump
tion somewhat.
Cheese rules firm at unchanged prices
The demand for Eggs is less keen, as the
advance has tended to cut down the consump
tion. There is no weakness, however, and the
tendency is still upward. Local dealers -are
industriously using the present opportunity to
work off their Eastern and cold-storage goods
Receipts were 21,300 pounds of Butter."
pounds Eastern Butter, 638 cases of. Eggs 1348
cases cf Eastern Eggs. 19,200 pounds of Califor
nia Cheese and . pounds of. Eastern Cheese
BUTTER— Creamery, 24©25c per lb for fancy
and 23c for seconds; dairy, 18@22%c; store But
ter. 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub. lSS'lc
Pickled Roll. 19@20c; Keg, 18@19c per lb
CHEESE— New,- ll@12c; old. nominal; Youne
America, 12%c per lb: Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 30@34c for choice t* fancy
and 26@29c for fair to good; store, 20<B25c ner
dozen; Eastern. 17@22%c. - . , . . ;
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Game stood about the same
«£°5i^T RY r Llv / 8 - 9 @l"c for Gobblers
and 12@14c for Hens; Young Turkeys. 18«20c;
geese. Per.Pair. $15O® 2 ; Goslings, $1 50@2
Ducks, $3@4 for old and $3 50@5 50 for young i
Hens, w oO@4 for common and $4 50©5 for
choice: young Roosters, $4 50@5 50; old Roos
ters. $4@4 oO; Fryers. $4; Broilers, $3® 3 50 for
large and $2@2 50 for small; Pigeons $1 25®1 75
P< £ A 0 /* 11 *<*¦ old and «¦ 25@1 75 for'Squabi.
w? M i^?,°- n ea> per dozen< |1: Hare - «: Rab 
blts. $1 2o@loO for Cottontailand $1 for Brush
•Local Poultry was in good supply and weak
er, owing mainly to the free receipts from the
A car of Eastern came in, making four thus
far this week, and sales were made at $6@6 50
for Hens, $4 50@5 for old Roosters, $6 50@6 for
young, do ; $4 50 for Fryers, $3 50 for large
broilers, $1 50 for Pigeons and $4 50 for old
Poultry and Game.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stcck and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
50 Con Cal & Va 1 85 300 Overman 08
50 Confidence ... 67 100 Sierra Nev... 25
10O Mexican 23 200 Yellow Jacket 11
300 Ophir ' 86
Afternoon Session.
900 Best & Belch 23 700 Uphir 88
100 Con Cal & Va. 1 90 400 Overman ..... W
400 Gould & Cur 10 500 Sierra Nev... 27
400 Hale & Nor.. IS 100 Silver Hill .. 31
200 Hale & Nor.. 19 100 Yellow Jacket 11
400 Mexican 25 50 Yellow Jacket U
MINING STOCKS.
Morping Session.
Beard—
1000 Bear Flag M
100 California Standard >*• »
100 Giant „;?
200 Home (b 60) 2 75
400 Lion 2 9
100 Monarch of Arizona • Z*
20O Occidental of West Virginia 45
200 Occidental of West Virginia 43
105 Peerless <*>
1C00 Petroleum Center "2
140 Sovereign . «»
400 Sterling- J J 2^
ICO Sterling: (b 30)... 1 *>
100 Twenty-eight - 1 >v
street ~ ¦. «,
200 Sterling - 1 32%
Afternoon Session.
Board—
400 Four *?
200 Home - 3 75
50 Home 2 '0
1000 Junction 25
500 Monarch of Arizona 22
100 Occidental of West Virginia 43
300 OH City Petroleum »
100 Reed Crude 33
500 Sterling (b 30) 135
500 Sterling 13!%
I 250 Twenty-eight 1 60
PRODUCERS' Oil. EXCHANGE.
10 Oceanic S S Company 42 50
60S F Gas & Electric Company 41 00
$1000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds.. 135 00
$15,000 S P of C « per cent bonds 121 75
300 Vlgorit 3 S.'i
Street— .,.
5 Alaska Packers' Association 135 W
J30C0 Oakland Water 5 per cent 102 50
35 Oceanic S S Company 4- 50
VEGETABLES-Green Peas, 1%@2%c; . String
Beans, 2%@3c; Limas, 2%@3%c; Cabbage, 60®
C5c per ctl; Tomatoes from the river, 20@40c;
from Alameda, 30®50c; Dried Peppers, 10@12i4c-
Green Okra. 40@60c per box; Carrots. 25@35c per
sack; Cucumbers." Bay, 25@35c; Pickles, 1%@1%c
per .lb for small and %©ic for large; Garlic. 2@
lnk? n J 1 Pe PPf rs . 30®50c Per box for Chile and
20@40o. for Bell; Egg Plant 25@40c per box-
Green Corn, 30@50c per sack; Allmeda, 50c@H
per crate; Berkeley. 50@65c; Summer Squash
large boxes. 20@35c; new Marrowfat Squash
?20 per ton. . .--. • ... . , ,
Unseasonable frosts around .Stockton have
done damage to Potatoes. The market was
weaker yesterday, though quotations showed
little change. Several dealers, however, re
ported a better movement.
Onions are lower and weak, as the Australian
demand has been satisfied.
« There is nothing new in Vegetables, the mar
ket being well supplied with all kinds.
Sweet Potatoes are bringing more money,
stocks being lighter. .
POTATOES— 90c@?l 20. In sacks and $1 25@1 50
in boxes for Burbanks, $1 15@1 25 for Garnet
Chiles and $1 10@l 25 for Early Rose; Salinas
Bu J b £!L kl \ $1 40@1 60: Sweets. 75c@$l for Rivers
and $1@1 10 for Merced.' ¦ '¦ ¦ - -
rA2S IONS ~ 90c@J1 10 P er Ctl; Pickle Onions,
50@75c per ctl . .' : '
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases* 19c: Astral. 19c: Star
19c: Extra Star. 23c: Elaine, 24c: Eocene 21c;
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk. 15c: in cases,
21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in cases. 20c: 86-de
gree Gasoline, in bulk. 2Cc; in cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon in cases and
62c In drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The -Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, -per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.20c:
Powdered, 5.05c; Candy Granulated, 5.05c: Dry
Granulated. 4.95c; Confectioners' A, 4.95c: Fruit
Granulated 4.95c: Beet Granulated, 4.85c; Mag
nolia A, 4.55c; Extra C. 4.45c; Golden C. 4.35c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes.
EOc more: 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domi
nos, half-barrels, 5.45c; boxes. 5.70c per lb.
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases No.
1. 70c; pure, $1 22: Linseed OH. in barrels,
boiled. 56c: raw, 54c; cases, 5c more: Lucol
50e for boiled and 48c for raw In barrels; Lard
Oil, extra winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases
85c; China Nut. 55@72c per gallon: pure Neats
foot Oil. barrels,- 67%c; cases, 72%c; Sperm
pure, 65c; Whale Oil, natural white. 40@45c
per gallon; Fish Oil. in barrels, 37%c; cases,
A circular for Australia says: "Since the
departure of the Bteamer Sierra for Australia,
August 1. there have been the following de
liveries of coal from the colonies, viz.: Dun
ferline, 4160 tons: Balasore, 4076 tons: John
Ena, 4222 tons; Lord Tsmpletown, 3116 tons;
Pelone, 1515 tons; Empereur Menelik, 2727 tons:
total. 19,816 tons. There is but one vessel
due to arrive from there in the next thirty
days. There are on the chartered list to carry
coal from Newcastle and Sydney twenty-seven
vessels with a carrying capacity of about
80,000 tons; some of these will not arrive here
before the end of the year. Thirty days ago
there were only nineteen vessels on the en
gaged list, with a carrying capacity of about
60,000 tons, hence there was an increase of about
20,000 tons during the month of August to be
loaded for this port. Last cabled reports
quoted present coal rates from Newcastle at
thirteen shillings per ton: this is an advance
of one shilling over and above the rates ruling
last month. This will serve to check tonnage
heading this way, as with the present quoted
ratee for freight Australian coal is not in de
mand as a competitor with our northern fuel.
Besides the present asking prices for New
castle ; coals will serve to keep them out of
this . market, as they are fully two shillings
per ton too high. Prior to the general consump
tion of fuel oil here, we were enabled to pur
chase, the leading brands of colonial coals at
over two shillings per ton less than they are
held at to-day, which virtually resigns the con
trol of the fuel market to oil."
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags are
lower again at 7%@7?4c: local make, %c less
than Calcuttas; Wool .Bags, 32@35c: Fleece
Twine. 7%@Sc; Fruit Bags, 5%g6%c for cotton
and 7@7%c for jute. . . • .
•COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton:* Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 60; Coos
Bay, $5 50; • Wallsend. $9;- Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland. $12 50 In bulk and $13 75 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 In sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions,
18.45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according
to brand.
General Merchandise.
Unusual ' frosts In the vicinity of Stockton
have done a good deal of damage to Blackeye
and late Pink Beans. The effect of this is not
yet perceptible, but dealers say that it will be
later on. The market continues dull and un
changed. • • ¦
BEANS— Bayos, $2 85@3; Small White. $4 85®
5; Large White, $2 80@3 15; Pink, $2 35@2 45;
Red, $2 75@3; Blackeye, $3 15@3 25; Liraas, $6 40
@6 E0; Red Kidney, $4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 25@2 50; Canary, 3*,i
@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. l?i
@2V4c; Hemp, 3%c per lb
j DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 fi5 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
LAMB-7@8c per lb. , •
PORK— Live Hogs. 2C0 lbs and under, 6%<W
6%c; over 200 lbs. 6c; feeders. ; sows. 20 per
cent off; boars. 50 per cent off and stags 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7%@9'/ t c-
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: . -.
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@5%c per Ib
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@8c; small. 8@9c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%@7c; Ewes. 6@6%c per
pound. .'
San 'Francisco' Meat Market.
Prime- Angoras. \ 75c; .large and smooth. 50c:
medium, 35c. - • ¦ -"• * . ..,..«. _„ ik-
TALLOW-No. I rendered. 4%«4%c P« 1D «
No. 2, ?%@4c; grease, 2H®3c-_ c ',, t i, -rn ' de
iWOOL-Spring. 1900 or W01-Southern, de
fectlve, 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine.
14<gloc; do.- medium and coarse. Upwe. ore
gon; Eastern, choice. 11013c; do. fair -to good.
9<§llc; Nevada. 10@12c. Fall-SanJoaquln. 6%
@8%c; San Joaquin Lambs'. TijSrc-
HOPS— New. 12@15c per lb. •
receipts of Hay keep the market steady,' and
Feedstuff s rule firm In sympathy with the raw
grain. Corn products are higher.
BRAN-?20 50@21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— »22@23 per ton. •
FEEDSTUFFS-^Rolled Barley, $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the "mill,- $25@26; Jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake,-$17@18; Com Meal. $33 50
m 4 50®19 C o aCked Cc-rn* $34@35; Mixed Feed,
•HAY — Wheat, $7@9 50; 'choice, $10@10 50;
Wheat and Oat. $6 5d@9; Oat. $6@8 50; Barley
and Oat, $6@8; Alfalfa, $8 50@10 50;. Clover. $5 50
@7; Volunteer," $4 50@5 50
.STRAW— 23@42%c per bale.. .. C
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
: £J£ LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening ........;...-.*::.•....... 5 6% " 5 8%
Closing.... .-. 5 6% : 6 8%
,; - ¦¦ PARIS. '• ! ;
TV heat— ¦ , ... Sept. r Jan.-Apr.
Opening....^.. :... 2135 12 70
Closing "... 2123 22.65
! Flour— 1 • ,,
Opening ........'..... 27 35 28 85
Closing; .................; 27 35 . 23 80
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
" NEW YORK,' Sept. 11.— Earl Fruit Company
sales. California fruit: '
• Pears— Bartletts, E0c@$3 55, . average $2 02
boxes;"/ 50c@$l 25, average 86c half boxes.
Grapes— Tokay, $1 10@l 95,* average $1 60 single
crates; Muscats, 85c@$l 30, average $111 single
crates. Peaches — Salways, 55@85c, average 67c
boxes. Prunes— German, 60c@$l 15, average
$106; Italians, 65c quarter crates; Silver, 95c@
$125, average $1 12 ¦ single crates. Plums-
Giant Burbanks, $1 10@l 80, average $1 56 single
crates; Kelsey, $14002 15. average $1 84 single
crates. Sixteen cars fruit sold to-day."
¦ LIVERPOOL, Sept. 11.— Wheat— Steady; No.
1 Standard California. 5s ll%d@6s. Wheat in
Paris, easy. Flour In Paris, quiet. French
country markets, qule't. Cotton uplands, 4 11-32
. Portland's Business.
' • ' ' 0 ' '
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. ll.-Clearlngs, $411,
811; balances, $65,829. . '
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 11.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 65c; valley. 56c; bluestem, 56c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Sept. 11.— WHEAT, %c
lower; bluestem, 55%c; club, 54%c.
* Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept. 11.— Consols. 94 1-16@94%;
silver, 26 15-16; French" rentes, 101 fr 82%c.
Cargoes on passage, quiet and steady. English
country markets, quiet. v
• ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Sept. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2000; market, steady; natives, $2 75@6 40; cows
and heifers, $1@2 85; bulls and stags, $2@4 50;
stockers and feeders. $1.75@3 85;' veals, $2 25®
6 50. '. ' .": . ¦'•.'• ¦ ;. •" ¦ ¦ ' ¦• .-. •
"HOGS— Receipts; *. 2300; market 'steady; light
and light mixed, $6 15@6 50; medium and heavy
$6 25@« 50; pigs, $3 50@«; bulk, $6 30@6 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 600; market steady to
strong.
CHICAGO, Sept. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts, 11,
000, including 2000 Texans, 4000 Westerns ; good
fat natives, steady; all others slow to 10c lower;
good to prime steers, . $6 15@6 55; poor to me
dium. $4@5 75; stockers and feeders, $2 75@4 75;
cows, $1 50<g>4 75; heifers, $2@5; canners, SI 50@
2 40; bulls, $2 25@4 75; calves, $3® 6 25; Texas
fed steers, $3@4 50; Western steers, $3 73@4 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 28,000; to-morrow, 23.
000; left over, 3000; dull and weak to 5c lower;
mixed and butchers, $6 10^6 75; good. to choice
heavy, $6 60® 6 90; rough heavy, $6® 6 40; light
$6 10@<6 65; bulk ©f sales, $6 30@6 50.
SHEEP— Receipts. 20,000; steady to strong for
good; lambs, best strong, others steady; good to
choice wethers, $3 75@4; fair to choice mixed,
$3 50@3 65; Western sheep, $3 15@3 85; native
lambs. ?3@5; Western lambs, $4@4 90.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— Cotton futures closed
steady, net unchanged to 2 points higher.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. It— Coffee .futures closed
steady at net unchanged prices to an advance
of 5 points; total sales, 24,000 bags, - including
October, $4 75; November, $4 85; December, $4 95
@5; January, $5 05;' March, $5 25; August, $5 35.
New York Coffee Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 1L— Tin In London was
£1 higher j to-day as a result of buying . for
speculative account. At the close the market
was firm at £114 10s for spot and £111 17b 6d
for futures. This failed - to influence local
sentiment owing. to the large supplies on band,
our market ruling unchanged at $24 75@25 25. .
Copper in local- circles was nominally un
changed at 16%@17c for Lake Superior and 16%
@16%c for casting and electrolytic. Prices - in
London further advanced 2s 6d -to £67 8s 9d
for spot and £67 17s 6d for futures.
Lead was quiet . and ¦ unchanged' at $4 37%.
In London values were Is 3d higher to £12
Is 3d. : . ' .
. Spelter ruled nominally unchanged at j home
and abroad at $4 and £16. 17s 6d respectively. •
Iron was also dull at old prices. Pig iron
warrants, $9@10; No. 1 Northern foundry, $15
@15 50; No. 2 foundry. Southern. $14@14 50: No.
1 foundry, Southern, $14 75@16 25; No. 1
foundry soft. Southern, $14 75@15 25. ¦
Glasggow closed 53s 7d and Mlddlesboro at
45s "3d. » '
New York Metal Market.
go coup 13S%
. Do old 4s reg.... 112
Do coup ...113
Do Es reg 108
Do coup .., 108
Atch gen 4s 104
Do adjt 4s 96%
B & O 4s 103%
Do 3%s 9514
Do con 4s .' 105%
r anada So 2ds 107
Cent of 0 Ga 5s 106%
Do 1st inc- 81%
C & O 4%s 105
C & A 3%s 84%
l- B & Q new 4s. 96%
C M & St P gen 4s.llO
C & N con 141
O R 1 & p 4s 108
C C C & S L g 4s.lO2
Chicago Term 4s.. 94
C & S 4s 88V.
D & R G 4s 102%
Erie prior Hen 4s. 97%
Do gen 4s' 88 ¦
Ft W & D.C lsts.,104
M K & T 4s....... 98
Do 2ds 82
N Y Cent lsts 104%
Do gen 3%s 105%
N J Cent gen 58.129%
Nor Pac 4s 104%
Do 3s ............ 72
Nor & W con 4a..lO2%
Read Gen 4s 95%
S L & I M con "5S.U6
S L & S F 4s P5.
St L S W lsts.... 97.
Do 2ds 76
S A & A. P 4s.... 86 ,
So Pac 4s ......:. 92
So Ry 5s ...;.U6%
Tex & Pac lsts.. ..119;
T St L & W 4s.... 83 ':
U P 4s .............105!
Do con 4s 103%
Wabash lsts ..118%
Do 2ds 110%
Wabash Deb B... 62-
West Shore 4s..:. 113%
W & L E 4s....... 9UJ
Wis Cent 4s .: 88%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief ....... 12
Alice 43 Ontario . ;..... .10 55
Breece 1 40 Ophir ......;.....;„ 77
Brunswick Con 07 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel.. OG Potosl 03
Con Cal & Va..... 1 75 Savage 03
Deadwood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada..... 02
Horn Silver 175 Small Hopes ...... 04
Iron Silver «(! standard 3 25
Leadville Con 06 ....
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Mnion Pacific ...... 97%
Call loans 4%«ir .Vest End .^..... 96
Time loans 5 ©. Bonds—
• Stocks— Atchison 4s ...... .102 •
A T & St Fe 75* :* E Gas & C 5s. 55%
Do prefd 96K Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 131 Vdventure ......... 28%
Amer Tel 163% 3ingham Min Co.. 38%
Boston & Albany.. 256 Amal Copper 113%,
Boston L 170 \tlantlc .....38
Boston & Maine ..191 Calumet & Hecla.735
Dominion Coal .... 43% Centennial ¦ i. ?...... 28 t
Do prefd 115 Franklin ...19'
U S Steel 44 Humboldt ......... 25'
Do prefd 94 Osceola 114%
Fitchburg prefd.. ..144 Parrott 57%
Gen Electric 263% Qulncy .....170
Ed Elec 111 250 Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
Mex Cent 24% Tamarack .........853
Old Colony 208 Utah Mining 28%
Old Dominion 33% Wlnona ..33%,
Rubber isyi Wolverines ........ 69 1
WASHINGTON, Sept. 11.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemntlon, • shows: * Avail
able cash balance, $181,186,596; gold, J116, 799,514.
Condition of the Treasury
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— Close— Money on call
firm at 4@5 per cent; last loan, 4.
Prime ' mercantile paper, 5@'5% per cent.
Sterling Exchange about steady, with actual
business in bankers' bills at {4 85% for demand
and at S4 S2%@4 $2% for sixty days.
Posted rates. $4 83%@4 84 and $4 86%.
Commercial bills. ?4 82%.
Bar silver. 58%c.
Mexican dollars, 45%.
Government bonds, strong; State bonds, in
active; railroad bonds, irregular.
New York Money Market.
LONDON, Sept. 11.— Anaconda, 9%; Atchison.
58%; Canadian Pacific, 116%: Denver and Rio
Grande. 48; Denver and Rio Grande preferred,
97%: Northern Pacific preferred. 1C0: Southern
Pacific, 59%: Union Pacific, 101%. Bar silver,
quiet, 26 15-16d per ounce; money, 1@1% per
cent.
, Business on this side was meager, with little
change in the afternoon. Republic Steel
jumped a full point on strong support in New
York.
CLOSING.
The stock market here to-day was firmer,
except in the . American department. These
shares, after, a steady opening, fell about half
a point from parities. The reason commonly
attributed was nervousness over the bulletin
which announced that President McKlnley had
undergone a fresh operation. Tha general
opinion is that there are more doctors around
the market than there are around Mr. Mc-
Kinley. . •
NEW. YORK. Sent. 11.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
Silver and Exchange as before quoted.
Wheat, Barley and the minor grains dull.
Hay unchanged. Corn products higher.
Some damage done to Beans by unusual frosts.
Potatccs about the same. Onions lower.
Szcrct Potatoes doing better. Vegetables plentiful.
Butter somezchat steadier at the decline.
Cheese and Eggs firm, with moderate supplies.
Poultry Tccak under arrivals from the East.
Wine Grapes continue tto advance slozvly. Table Grapes dull.
Marked falling off, in Prune production this year.
Provisions firm and Lard scarce.
Nothing nezv on the local stock exchanges.
Grain Bags lower again.
and Northern Oregon and risen over Central
California and the Rcfcky Mountain region.
The temperature has fallen in the Sacramento
Valley and Western Oregon and remained near
ly stationary in other districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, September 12, 1901:
Northern California — Partly cloudy in north
portion, probably with showers along the ex
treme northwest coast; fair in south portion
Thursday; fresh west 'wind.
Southern . Calif ornia— Fair Thursday; light
west wind. ¦ . : .
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday; probably showers
in the mountains of the north portion; fresh
southwest wind. • -
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy or foggy
In the morning, clearing during the day Thurs
day; fresh west wind. G.-H. WTLLSON,
Local Forecast Official. Temporarily In charge.
Condition of Trade.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"There is a very important fact which sus
tains the courage of constitutional bulls, and
that is the satisfactory condition of general
business. Clearing-house returns are much in
excess of a year aso, which considering the
inactivity of speculation is unquestionable tes
timony of trade activity. The West as a whole
seems to be enjoying exceptional prosperity In
gpite of setbacks here and there. At times it
eppears as if the country had reached the crest
of the wave of prosperity, and yet the mo
mentum has been so great that it Is prema
ture to predict with any positiveness that the
turn has ccrme. In a few markets the highest
level and the largest production have certainly
been reached; yet it seems as if other depart
ments of business must have their share of
prosperity before the turning point can be
definitely said to have been reached. At the
tame time prices of many commodities are very
high, and the profits thus induced are greatly
stimulating new competition. It Is somewhat
remarkable and not a little suggestive that in
epite of the great trusts which have been
formed during the past four er five years there
is little complaint of oppressive monopoly. Is
this because outside competition is acting as
a restraint upon these powerful corporations,
cr Is public opinion less hostile than formerly?
Very likely both factors are partly responsible
and the trust managers find It unprofitable and
unsafe to wholly disregard public opinion. An
other indication of the satisfactory condition
of business is the small number and reduced
volume cf business failures compared with
previous years. Business men are generally
anticipating a good fall trade, and it is gratify
ing to note the prevalence of a tone of con
servatism which will tend to prevent overdoing.
Of the general soundness of business there is
no question and thus far there are few or no
complaints of overproduction."
The Oregon Crops.
The weekly rerwrt of Edward A. Beals. sec
tion director of the weather bureau, reports the
condition of the Oregon crops as follows:
"Thrashing is advancing rapidly and the
yields continue good. Those reported this week
ere as follows: Lane County, wheat 25 bushels
to the acre, oats 30; Washington, wheat 20 to
SO, oats 25 to 45; Benton, wheat 25 to 35, oats
.0 to 25; Yamhill, wheat 18 to 20, oats 20 to
40; Clackamas, wheat 14 to 25. oats 25 to 45;
Linn, spring wheat 8 to 30, oats 14 to 46;
Marion, wheat IS to -42, fall oats 50 to 75. spring
cats 25 to 45; Jackson, wheat 19 to 22. oats
24 to 34, barley 06 to 45; Josephine, wheat 8
to 15. oats 15 to SO; Polk, winter wheat 21,
spring wheat 16. oats 33, barley 26.
"Hop picking has begun in Southern Oregon,
and it will begin this week in the Willamette
Valley. The hops are maturing rapidly and
the quality in all parts of the State is reported
extra good, but the yields, it is believed, will
be slightly less than those of last year. Corn
is making good advancement, but on account
cf the cool spring and subsequent dry weathtr
not over half a crop will be harvested. Early
potatoes are of good quality, free from blight,
but a short crop. Late potatoes have improved
during the week, but the crop without more
rain, followed by favorable temperature con
ditions, will fall considerably below the aver
age of former years. The third crop of alfalfa
is being cut and the yields are about the came
as usual.
"Prune picking has begTin in Southern Oregon
and it win become general throughout the
Etate in about ten days. The prunes are slight
ly undersized, but their quality is above the
average. Peaches, pears and some fall apples
ere being marketed. Although the entire crop
of fall Ir-it is not larre it is maturing nicely
and it is unusually sound and well flavored."
Dried Fruits in New York.
Mail advices from New Ycrk say: "The
utter demcralization of raisin affairs on the
coast has had its effect on the spot and loose.
Muscatels have declined >ic to 6%c for 3-crown
and 6%c for 4-crown. Actual stocks in the
hands of _ local Jobbers are understood to be
light, but" a large Philadelphia dealer is offer
ing ireely at the prices quoted. Trade, how
ever. Is closely confined to purchases for Im
mediate wants. While the president of the
Raisin Association continues his 'smashing*
tactics It is doubtful if any buyer here will
have the temerity to buy a round let of spot
raisins, unless the prices are very substantially
ehaded and an immediate outlet is in sight
for the goods. Seeded raisins continue in good
demand in a small way. There was practically
do interest in new Malaga raisins berore the
California situation became so unsettled and
naturally, in the light of recent developments
on this side of the water, prospects for Mal
agas are very discouraging. New crop Sultanas
are strong- and hl£h Jn Smyrna owing to con
tinued bad weather. The local trade bought
Eultanas very slowly at the opening low prices,
but have taken considerable quantities as the
market advanced.
"Prunes are quiet on spot, with futures stag
nant. The best price on new Santa Claras
heard of at the moment is 3%c, f. o. b., coaEt
Apricots ate dull and rather easy. Peaches are
firm. Currants are easier on spot, with only
a very small demand, mostly from out of town
Amalias to arrive per first steamer are offered
to the trade at 6%<57c.
Evaporated appleg continue to decline, both
tjxyt and futures 6teadlly becoming weaker
Spot prime are pressed for sale at S%c. with
almost an utter absence of bids. Futures are
lower, sale of car of prime for October-Novem
ber delivery being made yesterday at 9c. Evap
orated raFrbemes are very firm and in active
demand at high pices. Blackberries are wanted
In a small way and selling freely at 7«?7Hc
Bifip of 6»ic for carlots are turned down the
bolder a5k!ng 7c firm. Cherries are firmer, tell
ing at lS«/16c."
Weather Report.
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
fiAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 11-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day
Eureka. 62; Red Bluff. SS; Sacramento 'w
Mount Tamalpais, 74; Fresno, 92- San Luis
6an EI Si4o I nd * I>endence . «! L<* Angeles, 78;
«-A Ean . F ", rancisco data: Maximum temperature
60; minimum. 50; mean 55
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations*
Boston. 74-62; Cincinnati. 7S-6S- Kansas Citv
74-€8: Philadelphia. 7S-66:* Jacksonville £-§&
Washington. 60-62; New York, 74-66. o °-'—
THE COAST RECORD.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
. , - - . .FORECAST. . ~-,. - , .
Generally cloudy weather with scattered
thowcrs prevails over tU»> northern portion of
the Paeif.c. Slope ar.d fpir over the southern.
The ;jre£t'jre ¦ has f alltn over.j Washington
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 11.— The organized pro
tection of the stock market by concert of the
powers was in evidence to some extent to-day.
There was much realizing on all advances by
this element of holdings acquired on Saturday
and early this week in the furtherance of pur
pose to support the market.
The realizing was accomplished probably on
a demand from uncovered shorts, as there was
no evidence of an outside Interest in the mar
ket or of a dlsDosition to accumulate stocks
by large banking interests. The position of
the market is thus restored approximately to
that which obtained before the attempt on the
President's life on every afternoon. The pur
pose to protect the market on the part of com
bined capitalists Is not changed, apparently,
but there was not the same effort shown to
advance prices or invite speculation.
The reopening- of the President's wound last
night, while it occasioned no actual uneasiness
here, seems to have affected sentiment in Lon
don, and sales here for London account had to
be taken care of on a considerable scale for
the first time In many days. The contradiction
of last night's rumors of a steel strike settle
ment resulted in a reaction in the United
States Steel stocks.
The effect of the Treasury's proposals for re
lief of the money market was confined to sur
,mise, as no statement was forthcoming as to
the amount of bonds offered or the prices
asked. There were significant advances In the
bid prices of Government bonds on call, which
carried prices of all the Government issues, ex
cept the short fours to 1% per cent over the
prices ruling before the Secretary's order.
Railroad bonds were dull and irregular. To
tal sales, par value,- $1,785,000.
United States threes advanced %, the twos
and fives % and the new -fours 1 per cent on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
SU»ck— . . Sales Hizh Low Close
Atchison 32,500 76*4 75*4 75«4
Atchison ofd 2,400 96»4 96% 96>i
Baltimore & Ohio 6,700 102ft 101 101
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 300 93 92*6 93
Canadian Pacific 900 111% 111 mhi
Canada Southern 1,800 72% 70 1 -i 70
Chesapeake & Ohio...:. 500 46 45*i» 45%
Chicago & Alton 800 39'i S» 38%
Chicago & Alton pfd.... 100 77 77 -77
Chicago, Ind & Louis.. . 6,800 43 -40% 42%
Chgo. Ind & Louis pfd.. 400 75 75 74i£
Chgo & Eastern 111 BOO 127 127 128"
Chgo & Great Western. 3,300 24% 23% 23>i
Chgo & G W A pfd 700 85*4 8574 85
Chgo & G W B pfd .... 48*;
Chgo & Northwestern... .*. 194
Cbgo," R I & Pacific 700 142% 14U4 141%
Chgo Term & Trans.... 1,700 22% 21% 21%
Chgo Term & T pfd 200 41% 49% 40%
C C C & St Louis 6,100 98»i 94% 97%
Colorado Southern 600 14% 14»i 14
Colo Southern 1st pfd... 600 55>,| 65 55
Colo Southern 2d pfd... 500 25% 25 25
Delaware & Hudson 600 165 164% 164U
Del, Lack & Western... 300 225 225 221
Denver & Rio Grande... 400 46% 45 45
Denver & R G prd 100 94 94 93*4
Erie 36,900 42% 42 42%
Erie 1st pfd 43,400 71>i 70% 70U
Erie 2d pfd 800 57% 57 56%
Great Northern pfd 700 1S4 1S3% 183%
Hocking Valley 200 53 52U 52
Hocking Valley pfd 100 74% 74>$ 75
Illinois Central 800 146% 145 144
Iowa Central 300 39 39 38
Iowa Central pfd 200 73 73 73
Lake Erie & -Western 62
Lake Erie & W pfd 123
Louisville & Nashville.. 2,200 1C3% 103 102 7 s
Manhattan Elevated.... 3,200 117V4 116% 116%
Metroi>olltan St Ry 700 164 164 164
Mexican Central 1.200 26 24% 25
Mexican National 2,400 14 ' 13&J 13^
Minn & St Louis 100 107% 107'!-'. 107
Missouri Pacific ...." 2,600 103% 102% 102
Mo, Kans & Texas ; 28U
Mo, Kans & Texas pfd. 400 56% E6 55%
New Jersey Central 100 163% 163l£ 163%
New York Central 4,400 Io4»£ 152% 152V£
Norfolk & Western 5,400 54% 54% 54%
Norfolk & Western pfd. 900 90 SO 88
Northern Pacific pfd.... 400 95% 97% 9514
Ontario & Western 2,100 34% 34% 34'i
P C C & St L .... toil
Pennsylvania 1,400 144% 144 144
Reading 1,000 42% 42 41%
Reading let pfd 1,100 76%; 76 76
Reading 2d pfd 5.60O 54 53 63
St Louis &" San Fran... 500 46% 43% 461J
St Louis & S F 1st pfd 100 82 £2 Si'
St Louis & S F 2d pfd. 400 68 68 68
St Louis Southwestern.. 100 29% £9% 29%
St Louis Southwstn pfd 200 62 62 61%
St Paul 49,900 165% 162% J63U
St Paul pfd 200 190 189 1S8 "
Southern Pacific 44.100 68% 57% f.7%
Southern Railway 5,300 32% 01% 31%
Southern Railway pfd... 1.700 88 S7% 87%
Toxss & Pacific 2,000 43% 42% 42%
Toledo, St L & W 20
Toledo, fit L& W pfd.. 100 34 34 34
Union Pacific 43.200 9?% 97% 97%
Union Pacific pfd 300 88% 88% ' SSVi
Wabash 1,100 22% 22% 22U
Wabash Dfd 1,200 40 39% 39S4
Wheeling & Lake Erie. 200 18% 18 isii
Wisconsin Central 300 22 21% "W,
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 300 43% 43 42 "
Express Companies-
Adams 175
American 399
United States " 95
Wells Fargo 100 165 165 160
Miscellaneous—'
Amalgamated Copper... 55,300 114 112% 113
American C & Foundry 600 29% 29% 23U
American Car & F pfd 100 8«i£ R6'A 86
American Linseed Oil.. 1.000 21 20 ' 391,:.
American Linseed O pfd 700 61 49% 49 "
American Smelting & R 4,200 48% 47' 4714
Amer Smelt & Rcf pfd. 100 100 ' 100 s?ii
Anaconda Mining Co... 900 46 45V 451?
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 6.400 6S% fi7»A 67154
Colorado Fuel & Iron.. 410 100 99 93
Consolidated Gas 300 222% 221 "220%
Continental Tobacco pfd 400 118 118 jmi
General Electric 600 264% 263U 262
Glucose Supar 700 57 57 56
Hocking- Coal j!J,,
International Paper..... 500 24% '}% 24%
International Paper pfd 100 f 81% 81 ' .80%
International Power .... 300 97 %« oku
Laclede Gas * 83 /B
National Biscuit 510 44 431I a-iu.
National Lead , 100 20 20 19V
National Rait 300 41 41 Inu
National Salt pfd 200 76'i 7fi«i 7fi
North American 700 97 37 oe *
Pacific Coast sno « fj • £
Pacific Mail 400 4S« 42 «%
People's Oas 2.6OO 111% 110% untf
Pressed Steel Car ..:... 300 41% 41 40U
Pressed Stoel Car pfd ?l'~
Pullman Pa lare Car «ti
Republic Steel R.200 1X14 17" 17
TTnlcn Pat: & P Co pfd. ' -2,2
ITnltwl Stotes leather.. 1.100 jail .«" li£
Xj S T^ather pM 1 soO g">U, «"•» ii*
United States- Rubber.. 103 19 19 ?«U
United Suites Steel 4.™ %£ ; 4 ". JJA
T.nlt-d St«tw- Steel pfd 14.8W M7 t , 93* ?4
Western tnlon 1.400 9214 92% 9214
Total sales .498.900
NEW YORK. BONDS. '" .
n^" 1 2> r«ST JOS .Hocking Val 4%s..lO7'-
Do coup lOR^i L & N uni 4s.7 Wlii
Do 3s reg lOS%'Mex,Cent 4s ¦ !! $5
Do 3s coup .....1OS% -Do 1st, inc ...... 33%
Do new is reg..lCS% Minn & St L 4s 10a
THE SAN FBANCIBCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1901.
8 65; dry salted shoulders ; (boxed), - 7%<8>7%c;
short: clear sides (boxed). $9 25@9 30;- whisky,
basla of high wines, $1 30.' >' .
-Articles^- *; , : ~. '- .¦¦ Receipts. Shipments.'
Flour, barrels ..... ..' 83,000 ; ; 18.000
Wheat, bushels,. ..;... '.,;... .523,000 . ' 105,000,
Corn, bushels .......;-.:.. -.?.439,000 J73.00O
Oats. 'bushels ;.,'....; ..343.000 ' : 54,000-
Rye. bushels 60,000 .......
Barley, -bushels .„. . .134,000 " 19,000 ¦
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market- was firm; creameries, - 14@20c ; dairies,
13@17c; cheese, steady, 9%@10Hc; eggs, firm,
fresh , 15%c. t ,-...
Foreign Futures.
Calif ornia Fruit Sales.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK-MARKET.
8
STATIONS.
—
2 2 13
fffl |f
m
e> *
<»
AFtorta 29.S8 62 50 S Cloudy T
Baker 29.90 70 S3 XW Cloudy T
Carson 29.91 78 « W Cloudy do
Euroka 29.92 «2 S? SU' Rain T
SaS-::::::::: 3 : 8 ? 92 Clear ¦*
I'ocatello. Idaho. » .52 fiS 41 W Cloudy "o'"t
Indt-pendencc 29.70 SI (ft R Clear "oil
Los Angeles 23.82 78 50 \V Clear co
Phoenix 29.76 S4 fi« N Clear 'fir
Portland M.S6 fiS S4 Sir Rain T
P.«l Bluft 19.70 #5 62 SE Pt Cldy on
Roscburg 3.88 72 56 XW Rain 01
'ecramento •».« 81 56 S Pt Cldy 'd
Salt Lake 29.92 76 50 X Cloudy "oa
=an Tranciscc ..».!>! 60 50 W Clear 'm
3an Luis Obispo.a».»0 T6 55 W Cl«ar *OO
»an Diego 2*. SO 70 U NW Clear "oo
pottle 29.S2 72 4« R Pt Oldy !oo
Jj" 5^"* 1 V>n 6S « E PtCMy .00
SeEh Bay 29. RJ S8 « W Cloudy- .00
Jal^ Wa'.la ....3.80 78 4% W Cloudy 00
Wlnnemucca 2!>.R? 74 40 W Cloudy "oo
ruma, .3 72 100 68 W Clear ."oj
STATIONS.
—
2 2 13
fffl |f
m
e> *
<»
AFtorta 29.S8 62 50 S Cloudy T
Baker 29.90 70 S3 XW Cloudy T
Carson 29.91 78 « W Cloudy do
Euroka 29.92 «2 S? SU' Rain T
SaS-::::::::: 3 : 8 ? 92 Clear ¦*
I'ocatello. Idaho. » .52 fiS 41 W Cloudy "o'"t
Indt-pendencc 29.70 SI (ft R Clear "oil
Los Angeles 23.82 78 50 \V Clear co
Phoenix 29.76 S4 fi« N Clear 'fir
Portland M.S6 fiS S4 Sir Rain T
P.«l Bluft 19.70 #5 62 SE Pt Cldy on
Roscburg 3.88 72 56 XW Rain 01
'ecramento •».« 81 56 S Pt Cldy 'd
Salt Lake 29.92 76 50 X Cloudy "oa
=an Tranciscc ..».!>! 60 50 W Clear 'm
3an Luis Obispo.a».»0 T6 55 W Cl«ar *OO
»an Diego 2*. SO 70 U NW Clear "oo
pottle 29.S2 72 4« R Pt Oldy !oo
Jj" 5^"* 1 V>n 6S « E PtCMy .00
SeEh Bay 29. RJ S8 « W Cloudy- .00
Jal^ Wa'.la ....3.80 78 4% W Cloudy 00
Wlnnemucca 2!>.R? 74 40 W Cloudy "oo
ruma, .3 72 100 68 W Clear ."oj
AUCTION SALES\»
GRAND AUCTION
£?> OF £W
24 Palo Alto Brood Mares
In foal to Mendoclno 2:13%. Azmcor 2:20%. a 1 .-
tlvo 2:1S%. Monbella and Exloneer.
Included In this sale are such famous mar»a
as Aldeana 2:25. Emallne 2:27%, Nordlca 2:15s,
Memento 2:25U. Linnet 2:29^. Miss Naudo
»-29% and other speed-producing dams, by the
niost " fashionable sires on this great Tarm.
This is -without doubt the greatest opportun-
ity for our California farmers to get granri-
looklng. standard trotting mares. In foal to th<»
areatest young sires In this State. No reserve.
The mares are at AGRICULTURAL PARK.
Sacramento, where sale will take place
T0-M0RB0W.
FRIDAY, Sept, IS, 1901
Commencing at 10 a. m.
WM. G. LAYNG.
Live Stock Auctioneer.
Occidental Horse Exchange.
721 Howard St.. San Franctsro.
Horses at racetrack. Send for catalogue.LADIES PROMINENT IN THE MAT
TER OF PREPARING FOR THE
GREAT FABIOLA WHIST PARTY.
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— Licenses to marry,
were issued to-day to Patrick Brackett,
30 and Katherine M. Stapleton, 23, both
of Oakland; Hans N. Hummel, over 21.
Alameda, and Mayme E. Merriman, over
18 Oakland; Aristides Rodrigues, S4, New
York, and Clara Adelaide O'Connell, 30.
San Francisco; Joseph Lindner, 23, and
Margaret Murray. 24, both of Oakland;
Aaron B. Petty, 30, and Alice Dodson, 28,
BIsbee: Frank M. Lawson, 23. and Ger
trude F. O'Connor, a, both of San Fran
cisco; William Williamson, 23, and Ethel
Powers, 21, both of Sacramento; John
Zachrlson. 27. and Josephine Ottersen, 21,
both of Oakland.
licensed to Marry.
The Rev. Thomas J. Shahan delivered a
very interesting lecture last evening be
fore the Catholic Truth Society at Metro
politan Hall.
The learned gentleman's discourse was
on the subject, "The Catholic Church, the
Mother of Our Modern Civilization," and
was listened to by many members of the
society.
Father Shahan. who was Introduced by
Archbishop Riordan, said: "It is a com
monplace saying that there is no social
progress possible without the recognition,
of authority in the State and a respectful
submission to its due and licit exercise.
But what avail is all this if there be no
habitual discipline In the minds and
hearts of men? It is the creation of this
docile temper, this trained submission to
just law and custom, that is one of the
great glories of the Catholic church. Tho
modern world, In so far as it possesses
this benefit, inherits it from her.
"A century of wild and incoherent ef
forts to base social obedience en any other
lines than those she preaches has resulted
In anarchy, or a practical appeal to her to
help control the masses from whose
hearts the balancing idea3 of God— future,
retribution, sin, immortality— were driven
by every Ingenious means that could be
devised! Neither Plato nor Aristotle,
neither Zeno nor Cicero nor Seneca were
able to establish a code of principles that
should command the willing and affec
tionate acceptance of all men under all
the changing circumstances of life. Only
Jesus Christ could do that."
The Rev. Thomas J. Shah an Lectures
to Large Audience at Metro
politan Hall.
ONI.Y CHRIST COULD
FRAME CODE JOB ALL
At the close of the^address the Chinese
gave Ahlo a hearty round of applause.
To questions whether they enjoyed the
address and if they were in favor of tho
reform movement they all sullenly an
swered, "No sabe."
A grand rally was held in the Jackson
street Theater last evening by the Chinese
of this city who are in favor of the re
form movement now spreading through
out the Celestial empire. The theater
was packed to the doors long before a
o'clock by a motley crowd o( Chinese.
The dignified merchant in silken gown
and with lingers flashing with costly
rings elbowed and Jostled the highbinder
with stiff-brimmed hat and clothes reek-
Ing with the odor of opium. The weary
house servant for a night had foregone
the pleasures of the gambling table and
struggled in the aisles to work his way
close up to the stage.
A. L. Ahlo, a son of a wealthy Chinese
merchant of Honolulu, was the lecturer.
He has just returned from England,
where he has been studying for the last
three years. ¦ He Is a graduate of Cam
bridge and speaks English perfectly. Ho
appeared In evening dress, and he wore
the latest creation in evening pumps.
The address was delivered in English
and was translated Into Chinese by Us
Poon Chew, editor of the Chinese daily
paper. -Previous to the appearance of the
lecturer the master of ceremonies spoka
a few words in Chinese and the auditors
immediately removed their hats.
"I am glad to see so many zealous
workers here to-night," said Ahlo. "Many
among you I know suffer privations which,
are due alone to the misrule of the Chi
nese Government; The Chinese Govern
ment is a disgrace in this day of enlight
enment. We must be ready as patriots
to sacrifice our lives and wealth if neces
sary for the good of our country.
"Our countrymen far across the Pacific
Ocean look to- you for assistance and for
encouragement. We hoped for the regen
eration of China, but we have been dis
appointed. Our country, I am sorry to
say, is full of corruption. It is a nation
disgraced. I feel and you feel the degra
dation keenly. When the late war
was over we were promised re
form. We • did not get It, and
the people of China are gradually sinking
back to their normal state of misery. Tho
people must at once shake off the yoke of
slavery. They are too easily beguiled by
false promises. It is now time to awaken
and bestir ourselves."
Says the People Must Shake
Off the Galling Yoke
of Slavery.
Reformer Ahlo Talks to
His Countrymen on
Empire's Fate.
CHINESE NATION
UNDER MISRULE
. . CLARK ; IS ' ACQUITTED.— Harry Clark., who
was accused of obtaining several gross of play
ing cards from the Meyer-Mish ¦ Company, by
representlng that be was an . agent -for the
Hicks- Judd Company, was -acquitted "by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday, as his identity • could not
be proved. _
--¦ COSBY HELD TO ANS\VER.-^Iohn Cosby,
the colored ex-soldier who fired six shots at
R. Purcell of Purcell & King, saloon-keepers,
520 Pacific street, on ' the night of September
5.' was held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge ;Cabanlss yesterday on a charge of
assault to murder.
,The Hidalgo Club Iwilj.. give, an enter
tainment .. on ¦! September.' 15 ¦ at' Odd - Fel
lows',- Hall.' There •will be literary exer
cises in , both i English and ' Spanish, fol
lowed by a r dancej The .hall will* be-.il
luminated by colored electric : lights.
. Hidalgo -. Club ; , Entertainment.
James McKenna, a miner, who arrived
in the city Tuesday ' night, was dragged
off a car at Twenty-fourth and Folsom
streets last evening and beaten so- badly
by strikers that the police deemed it
necessary to send him .to the City- and
County Hospital for treatment. McKenna,
who was evidently mistaken for some
more fortunate non-union man, had his
nose broken and received lacerations of
the ecalp and face. . -
Unfortunate James McKenna.
,. We -rejoice '. with " fervent gratitude at" . the
good -and; encouraging ¦ news from the bed ¦ of
pain of our beloved comrade. President McKln
ley. and while expressing - this . feeling for the
miraculous recovery, of t him : for -.whom ,:the
hearts I of his ; countrymen I have | throbbed | with
sorrowing : anxiety rduring : these fearful days,
'-At a meeting of Garfleld -Post,. Grand
Army of the ; Republic, : held last Tuesday
evening, the . only ! topic j discussed ! was the
attempted assassination I of President • Mc-
Kinley. ».The following- resolutions were
adopted: . ¦ . ; . : .,: - : ... ; ;.' -
GRAND ARMY ; VETERANS . .
;> , BEJOICE AT" THE NEWS
' Lum , Ah . Yoke, a • Chinese woman, ar
rested '.: at ..Walnut Grove, Sacramento
County, by a Federal posse for being un
lawfully in : the country, was discharged
from custody -yesterday: by United -States
Court Commissioner Heacock, ¦ she I having
proved that she was born in this city.
Lum Ah, Yoke Discharged.
In ot more for the way. the English army
swore there than for its fine art.' "We
have a superb. line of pictures framed in
strong, unique effects in Flemish, Old
Dutch, ebony and gold. This is the best
line ever shown in San Francisco, and we
are glad that we are able to offer it at
reasonable prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. K'',,'- •";..•*.' :¦¦'¦ - •
Old Flanders Is Famed
Two hundred thousand dollars' worth
of gold dust came down by the Hating
to-day. A large share was owned by
Frank C. Brown of Vancouver, who has
been in the north since 1898. Mrs. R.
Wcissman brought out several large
packages of dust from an El Dorado
claim that she owns.
The Increased business has caused al
most unlimited rate-cutting on the Yukon
River between Dawson and White Horse.
People from Nome and away down the
Yukon, as well as from the city of Daw
son itself, are coming out to civilization
for the winter months. Large mine own
ers and those immediately interested
probably will stay In the country, only the
surplus population having the longing for
the delights of the outside.
Hereafter summer diggings will not be
relied upon in the Klondike to produce
much of the mineral returns, The miners
will go back to the winter method of
thawing out the ground and having a big
dump ready for treatment during tho
Epring freshet. This summer the clean
up would have been ' much • larger had
work begun sooner, but by tho time
dumps had grown to a respectable size
there was no water with which to handle
them. ' .-
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 11.— There
will bb an unprecedented rush from Daw
son during September and early In Octo
ber. Every berth was taken on the
steamer Hating, which arrived here this
morning from Skaguay, and other steam
ers en route to Puget Sound are equally
crowdc-d. This Is only the commencement
of the rush, which probably will keep up
at the rate of 100 persona a day, from now
until the close of navigation on the upper
river.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
To facilitate tho winding up of the busi
ness of the Produce Exchange a form, has
been prepared and is being sent to the
members of that body to sign, in which
each member assigns $500 - to • the Mer
chants' Exchange out of the moneys to
be received, in the settlement and author
izes the secretary to collect the -money
from the Produce Exchange in behalf of
the Merchants' Exchange Association.
we deem this a. fitting occasion to call upon
bur Representatives and Senators In Congress
to see to it that laws are enacted which will
root out anarchists and their nefarious teach
ings forever. ¦ . " .¦
Wo also : hope that laws will be passed ¦ for
the protection of the person of the , President
and that the name and office of the chief magi
istrate of the nation. may be hold sacred to the
people by whom he has.Jreen placed In his ex
alted position. . • . ~ • ¦ ¦¦
. When the Merchants' Kxehange takes
over, the property of the San Francisco
Produce Exchange and the last named
body goes out of existence there i will be
about $S00 for each member of the Produce
Exchange as ¦ the balance due him- at
the Jlnal distribution.. This statement js
embodied in a clrcularletter which T. X'.
Friedlander. the secretary of the Produce
Exchange,, has sent out to the members of
that body in connection with a notification
that the nroduce organization will soon
come to an end. "Membership fees," so
reads the circular, "are now being paid. to
the members of the Merchants' Exchange
by all those who are not members of the
San Francisco Produce Exchange. "When
such fees are paid the purchase of the
property of the present Merchants" Ex
change will be completed, said corpora
tion will dissolve and the Produce Ex
change will receive the amount owing to
it -on its' stock in said Merchants' Ex
change Association. Upon the dissolu
tion of the Produce Exchange all its mem
bers will receive in cash the balance of
their pro rata. which, it is estimated, will
amount to at least $S00."
The Consul of the United States at Bor
deaux sent woi'l that 33-35's wqre worth
16 cents per- pound; 36-3S's, 14 1-10 cents;
45's, 13 2-5 cents;. 45-50's,/ 11. 1-7 cents. So
it went all aloner the line,' and the quota
tions were nearly, double those that the
commercial houses have in letters. The
official cablegram from . Bordeaux was
dated September 10, which was much later
than any mail advices. In connection with
the prices the Consul wired that the
French prune- crop is 45 per. cent only, of
the crop , of 1900. This would naturally
raise the prices: materially. To-day an
swers to their cables of inquiry may be
received by "the commercial houses that
have started to ascertain the exact facts
California has on hand many millions of
pounds of last year's prune crop.- and also
hasthe new crop to market, and is there
fore much interested in the outcome .of
the inquiries. : . \ ."•:/¦••;..: ~, ... •_ :, , ¦-, :
• The Commercial Museum received a ca
blegram from the United States Consul at
Bordeaux,- ¦ France, yesterday which
brought news about prices that are asked
for French prunes on the quay at Bor
deaux that will electrify the prune grow
ers of this State if the statements are
verified. « In the cablegram were prices for
several gradlngs or sizes of the French
fruit. . Allowing that upon California
prunes will have to be paid a charge of
1^4' cents per pound for transportation to
European ports and that the duty against
them abroad will be another cent per
pound, the margin of profit In exporting:
will be unusually large: for the Califor
nians.- The news was so good that -it was
promptly challenged by the large houses
in this city that do an exporting business
In California products. •' They heard from
the. Commercial Museum 'during the fore
noon and at once bagan to . cable to
France to learn what the actual condition
of* the market is. . .....
''Among: those particularly . interested
were Mr. Schacht, who handles' the for
eign business of J.K. Armsby & Co., ami
Mr. Blank, who cares for the European
interests of Castle Bros.- •
Klondike City Will Be
Almost Deserted by
Winter.
Moneys Due Produce
Exchange for Its
Property.
Cablegrams Sent Asking
for Exact Price of
Prunes.
BALANCE GOES
TO MEMBERSHIP
DEALERS DOUBT
BORDEAUX NEWS
Resolved. That we, the Board of Supervisors
of the city and county of San Francisco, repro
bate the dastardly deed and condemn the mis
guided and criminal agencies through which
violence and assassination 'arc made possible
under cover of the generous privileges confer^
red by American citizenship: and be it 1 further
Resolved, That wo respectfully » express our
sympathy with the President in his suffering,
and 16*ok forward with profound gratification
to the promise of his early recovery; and be
it further "
¦ ' Resolved, That a copy of these .resolutions be
telegraphed to Mrs. William McKinley and en
tered at length in the Journal of this board.
. , ;. ¦ < JAS. D.. PHELAN, ', ,
Mayor and President of the Board of Super
' visors of the City and County of San Fran
" -Cisco. ' By JOHN A. RUSSEtii, . .
¦ ". ;. .' . Clerk'Board; of Supervisors. :
"Whereas. ; The' President of the United States
who so recently • honored this city by a visit,
has been stricken down by the cowardly hand
of an avowed anarchist: be it therefore , ,\
/'The following resolution was drawn up
by tho Board of Supervisors at its meet
ing yesterday., It was ordered telegraphed
East by Mayor Phelan:
STJPEBVISOBS EXTEND
'HEARTFELT SYMPATHY
Whereas. He has endeared himself to tho
people of the- United States, not only' by his
firmness ami ability In conducting the business
of the Government, but also.by his devo'tlon to
the rights of the people and by his uniform
courtesy and kindness to all who have had the
good fortune to meet him: therefore
Resolved, - By. the Merchants' Exchange of
Oakland that we desire to express our detesta
tion of the crime and 'our contempt -for the
cowardly hand which would approach a person
under the iruise of friendship in order to find
an opportunity to take his life: and • .
I Resolved, That we favor legislation which
will provide the severest penalties for the
crimes which strike at the very foundation of
all government; and
Resolved. That we offer our sincere sympathy
to President McKinley and his devoted wife,
and we trust he may be spared many years to
the people of the United States of America.
Whereas, His Excellency William McKinley.
the President of the United States, who so re
cently was the honored guest of the people of
the city of Oakland, has been stricken by the
hand of violence; and
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— The Merchants*
Exchange of this city .went on record last
night as opposed to anarchy in the fol
lowing resolutions, which were presented
by F. J. Lea, a naturalized American citi
zen: t
Nothing will please me so much as to learn
that your service has been such as merits con
fidence and -will lead to your retention In of
fice. And now, farewell. I : carry with me,
proudly, the evidence of your esteem, and my
prayer shall ever be that heaven will bless ,you
wherever you are. -¦.:.¦¦
In. taking leave of you I have uppermost in
my mind the record of your fidelity to the
Interests of the patients in the home and your
uniform good nature and. loyal , response to all
duties Imposed upon you. The memory of your
devotion to the Interests of. the patients will
never fade, but shall ever' be the brightest
thing In all our remembrances o£ the yeara
passed In the institution.
As you have be€*i faithful in the past I
charge you to be faithful in the future. Let
me ask you to lay aside all personal feeling
and accept with patience that which has come
to us in the course of events. ! Remember your
first duty is to the patients and you can do no
higher nor nobler work than to continue your
ministration to those we have had a mutual
interest in, so long, as your services may be
needed by the management now In control.
God will reward you for this.
Itfis fresh in the minds of the public
that Dr. Osborne was displaced from his
position of superintendent to make a place
for Dr. William M. Lawlor, a hack poli
tician. :In taking his departure from the
Institution with which he has been so long
and honorably identified. Dr. ¦ Osborne
spoke, as follows to his former assistants:
Eldridse, Se»t. 7. 1901.
Presented to Dr. and Mrs. A. E. Osborne by
the officer* and employes of the California
Home for the Care and Training of Feeble
Minded Children. In token of their high esteem
and abiding affection.
The officers and employes at the Home
for the Care and Training of Feeble-'
Minded Children recently presented to the'
retiring superintendent and his wife a
handsomely mounted silver .tray. The
sentiment engraved on -the gift' is this:
SB. "A: E. OSBORNE LEAVES
THE FEEBLE-MINDED HOME
Pathetic but Considerate Farewell to
His Former Assistants at the
Institution. •
COMMITS SUICIDE WHILE
TEMPORARILY INSANE
Mrs. Mary Holmstrom Jumps From
the Deck of a Scow Schooner
Into the Bay.
Mrs. Mary Holmstrom, wife of a sailor
cn the scow schooner Albion, jumped from
the deck of the vessel into the bay yes
terday and was drowned. Che was to
have sailed to-day with her husband in
the hopes that an ocean voyage would
restore her health. Impelled by some im
pulse Khe made her way from her state
room to the side of the vessel that was
anchored off Meiprgrs wharf and unnoticed
by any one sprang Into the water and
«^ank.
The Holmstroms resided at 231 Shipley
street.
The Morgue officials were notified and
will keep a close watch for the body.
There will be a musical programme dur
ing the afternoon and between the pres
ent date and Saturday twenty young la
dies will be chosen to keep the scores of
the games for the players. . '."-.-
Tickets for the event are now on sale
and can be secured from any of the lady
managers, the patronesses or the officers
or members of the Fabiola Hospital. Play
will begin at 2 p. m.
The lady managers of the tournament
are: -
Twenty Young Lady Scorers.
men might have an opportunity to attend.
Saturday is more than halt a holiday and
the ladies of Fabiola' feel that there are
many who would like to attend, even at
some slight sacrifice of time.
There have been more than twenty
prizes offered and these ¦were displayed in
the windows of Taft & Pennoyer to-day.
DESIRE LEGISLATION
AGAINST ANARCH y
• :
Valentine. Q. A. Chase, -P. N. Remillard. H.
O Trowbridge and William R. Davis; board of
directors— Mrs. C. W. Armes Jr.. Mrs. W. R.
Davis. Mrs. W. T. Barton. Mrs. Wallace Ever
son. Mrs. Reml Chabot, Mrs. J. A. Folger,
Mrs. Q. . A. Chase, Mrs. W. - W. Standeford.
Mrs. H. E. Cooke, Mrs. Allen D. Wilson and
Mrs. John Yule.
Annual members— Mrs. Hugo Abramson,
Mrs. John Adams, Mrs. William Angus, Mrs.
Charles W. Armes Jr., Mrs. George W. Baker,
Mrs. Franklin Bangs. Mrs. Clara .Banning,
Mrs. E. J. Barrett, Mrs. Willard Barton, Mrs.
H. K. Belden, Mrs. Arthur Brown, Mrs. W.
N. Bunker. Mrs, A. W.- Burrell. Mrs. H. A.
Butters. Mrs. L. H. Cary. Miss Katherine
Chabot. Mrs. C. S. Chamberlain. Mrs. M. C.
Chapman, Mrs. William Clift. Mrs. Frederick
Charles Clift, Mrs. T. C. Coogan, Mrs. G. W.
Cook, Mrs. E. P. CookAMrs. D. Ewdard Col
lins, Mrs. George H. Cotllns, Mrs. Charles E.
Cotton, Mrs. Homer Craig, Mrs. William
Creed. Mrs. Charles J. Deering, Mrs. J. M.
Driscoll, Mrs. W. B. Dunning, Mrs. George
C.. Edwards, Mrs. J. S. Emery, Mrs. Henry
Evers, Mrs. John Roberts, Mrs. George E.
Farchild, Mrs. E. R. Folger. Mrs. A. G. Free
man, Mrs. W. H. Friend, Mrs. S. M. Gilman,
Mrs. A. H. Glas'cock. Mrs. Clark Goddard.
Mrs Giles H. Gray. Mrs. Amelia Haas, Miss
Janet C. Haight, Mrs. E. T. Henshaw, Mrs.
E. A. Heron. Mrs. E. M. Herrick. Mrs. F. D.
Hinds. Mrs. Hugh Hogan, Mrs. Horace Hus
sey, Mrs. John L. Howard. Mrs. E. B. Jerome,
Mrs. M. J. Keller, Mrs. O. C. Kirk. Miss. Lo
retto Kirk. Mrs. Robert Knight, Mrs. J. N.
Knowles, Mrs. Henry Kreb3 Jr., Mrs. William
J. Landers, Mrs. II. D. Lathrop, Mrs. Paul
Lohse, Mrs. Zeno Mauvais. Mrs. John Max
well, Mrs. J.- P. McCabe. Mrs. C. B. McCal
lam Mrs. R. W. McChesney, Mrs. L. "W. Mof
fltt Mrs. James Moffitt, Mrs. Mary C. Noyes,
Mrs. William Letts Oliver, Mrs. F. R. Paulin.
Mrs. George W. Percy. Mrs. Charles D.
Pierce, Mrs. H. A. Powell. Mrs. Ryers, Mrs.
M. A. Roney, Mrs. A. M. Rosborough, Mrs.
E. B. Sanborn; Mrs. A. SchllWng, Mrs. Pren
tiss Selby. Mrs. W. E. Sharon, Mrs. Harry
Smith, Mrs. W. S. Snook, Mrs. G. M. Stolp,
Mrs. Charles Sutton, Mrs. E. Taylor. Mrs. J.
M. Taylor, Mrs. -H. O. Trowbrldge. Mrs. J. J.
Valentine, Mrs. E. M. Walsh, Mrs. Francla
Weston, Mrs. E. A. Whitaker, Mrs. Laura
Wight. Miss Winalda Wilcox, Mrs. J. L. Will
cutt. Mrs. J. C. Wilson. Mrs. J. H. Wilson
and Mrs. Allen D. Wilson.
DISON LOSING
ITS POPULATION
The date of the affair has been fixed for
Saturday afternoon in order that gentle-
The ladles at first arranged for only the
Kbell Club rooms, thinking that these
spacious parlors would be sufficient for
their needs. But those who have signi
fied their intention of being present are so
many that they have secured the use of
Reed Hall, on the floor above the Ebell
clubrooms and in the same building.
The Fabiola Hospital has so many
friends in Oakland that every event given
for the benefit of this institution receives
the most generous and unqualified sup
port from the people of this city and even
from San Francisco residents. - So, when
It was announced that the Fabiola ladies
would entertain at whist during the com
ing Saturday afternoon, Mrs. Bates of the
San Francisco Whist Club kindly post
poned the whist tournament of the latter
organization for one week in order that
Us members might take part in the
Fabiola tournament.
to be given on Saturday afternoon
next in the Ebell building. From the
present indications it will be the largest
whist tournament that has ever taken
place.
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— The first and
most important public social
event of the season will be the
Fabiola whist and euchre matinee
Ebell Rooms and Reed Hall
to Be Scene of Largest
Card Gathering Ever Held
President, Mrs. John Yule; vice presidents—
Mrs. Reml Chabot, Mrs. J. A. Folger and Mrs.
W. W. Standeford; financial secretary. Mrs. C.
W. Armes Jr.; recording secretary, Mrs. Wil
liam R. Davis; corresponding secretary, Mrs.
Allen D. Wilson; assistant corresponding sec
retary. Mrs. H. D. Lathrop; treasurer, Mrs. Q.
A. Chase; superintendent of nurses. Miss Sa
rah Caig; matron, Mrs. M. E. Dow; hospital
clerk. Miss Agnes G. Ryan; auditors— Mrs. R.
W. McChesney, Mrs. . G. W. Dornin and Mrs.
C. E. Cotton; advisory board— T. L. Barker,
Thomas Crellin. Captain Asa Simpson, ¦ J. J.
The officers and members of the Fablola
Hospital are:
Officers and Members.
Mrs. S. T. Alexander, Mrs. T. L. Barker,
Mrs. Albert Brown, Mrs. J. T. Carothers, Mrs.
T. F. Chapman, Mrs. Q. A. Chase, Mrs.
Thomas Crellin, Mrs. Charles Wallace Ever
son. Mrs. J. A. ' Folger. Mrs. James Athearn
Folger, Mrs. Ida Gorrill, Mrs. William Gruen
hagen, Mrs. A. Liliencrantz, Mrs. Oscar Lun
ing, Mrs. J. M. Merrell. Mrs. "W. F. Beck. Mrs.
Reml Chabot, Mrs. Q. A. Chase, Mrs.
\V. W. Crane. Mrs. H. E. Cooke,
Mrs! Francis Cutting:, , Mrs. George W.
Dornln, Mrs. E. C. Farnham, Mrs. R. W. Gor
rill, Mrs. George E. Grant, Mrs. George T.
Hawley, Mrs. George W. Kelley. Mrs. W. C.
Little. Mrs. George W. McNear. Mrs. Albert
Miller, Mrs. "William ' Moller. Mrs. 1 P. N. Rem
illard. Mrs. A. B. Sargent, Mrs. J. J. Scotch
ler, Mrs. Asa Simpson, Mrs. Austin Sperry,
Mrs. \V. W. Standeford, Mrs... James Ste/vens,
Mrs. P. T. W'atkins, Mrs. I. E. Nicholson. Mrs.
E. Remillard, Mrs. I. L.. Requa, Mrs. Pedar
Sather. Mrs Robert Simpson, Miss Beda Sperry,
Mrs A. J. Stevens, Mrs. Cliauncey Taylor ami
Mrs. John Yule. . ¦¦
The patronesses are:
Mrs. Itemi Chabot, Mrs. Isaac Requa, Mrs.
O'Neal, Mrs. Francis . Weston, Mrs. C. W.
Armes Jr.. Mrs. W. R. Davis, Mrs. Wallace,
Mrs. Gordon Stolp, Mrs. R. W. Gorrlll, Mrs.
R. W. McChesney of Alameda, Mrs Emest
Heron, Mrs. Hugh Hogan, Mrs. Oscar Lunlng,
Mrs. Albert Brown, Mrs. Freaerlck C. Clift,
Mrs. Prentiss Selby, .Mrs.-" W. W. Standeford,
Mrs.. A. G. Freeman of Berkeley, Mrs. A.
Schilling:. Mrs. J. J. Valentine. Mrs. William
Angus. and Mrs. McGurn of Alameda. .'• V-.
Twenty Handsome Young
Women Will Keep Record
of Points for the Players
The ladies' basket-ball, contest of last
week at the Chutes and Zoo proved so
popular an attraction that it will be re
peated this evening-. The usual amateur
entertainment will also be given.
Von Suppe's "Beautiful Galatea" Is the
chief attraction of Fischer's good bill this
week, and Ma-? Tunison. Wren and Lin
den, Merle Stanton, June Mathlas and
Sam Holdsworth also help to make the
programme an unusually good one.
George W . Leslie and company, Ernest
Hogan. Libby, Trayer and Gilbert, the
five Sunbeams, the La VaJlee Trio, Mile,
Letty and the great Powell and his com
pany are the Orpheum people of the
week in a record programme. The Her
ald prize farce "Chums," with George W
Leslie and his company, is of the best of
vaudeville and keeps the audience in high
humor throughout its swift pro
gress. Ernest Hogan is a wonder at a
coon song:, and the La Vallee trio has a
refined musical turn that pleases all hear
ers. The rest of the bill is all good, and
the biograph should not be missed.
* * •
. . T J lere is a very sprightly production of
"The Taming of the Shrew" this week at
the Alcazar, with Florence Roberts as
Katherine and White Whittlesey as Pe
truchio. The actor and actress are very
well supported by the Alcazar people, and
Ehakespeare"s comedy has been much
more indifferently given with companies
of a considerably larger reputation. The
piece is costumed and mounted in the
best style of the house and is drawing
large audiences.
"A oice From the Wilderness" contin
ues to crowd the house at the Central
Theater, and the big production is run
ning- more smoothly with each perform
ance. The elaborate and splendid mount-
Ings of the play have aroused the utmost
admiration, and the drama itself is getting
into shape and order. Robert Downing-
Annette Marshall. Robert Cumminprs.
Minnie Downing and Oza Waldrop all add
greatly to the play's effect.
• • •
The popular Neill company at the Cali
fornia Theater will give "The Jilt" at this
afternoon's matinee and also to-night.
The farewell performance to-morrow
evening will be "The Lottery of
Love." "The -Jilt" is one of the best of
fered during the engagement, and it is to
be regretted that more performances of
the bright comedy were not given- After
the Xeills comes the Durno-Emmett com
bination of "mirth, music, mimicry, mag
ic," with Richard J. Jose, the famous
contra tenor, as attraction extraordinary.
The Durno-Emmett engagement begins on
Saturday night.
The Tivoli has a bill this week that is
of the best the house can give, with the
Collaroarini Carmen, and "-Faust" with
Dado's splendid Mephisto and the fine
Faust of Agoscini. The house has been
filled to Its utmost capacity and both bills
seem to be pood for much more than the
accustomed four performances. The fa
vorite barytone, Salassa, and Montanari
are also heard to good advantage in the
Gounod opera, and Russo, Ferrari and
Repetto add the Interest of their best ef
fort to "Carmen." which is the bill for
tonight. To-morrow evening "Faust"
Jl be repeated.
• • • •
A Royal Family" at the Columbia Is in
Us last few days, and will give way on
Monday evening next to "A Modern Cru
eoe> '¦£¦ new com ic romantic play by Syd
ney Rosenfeld. "A Royal Family," with
Annie Russell and Mr. Frohman's clever
band of players, has undoubtedly been the
most artistic and finished production of
the season, and the appreciation Is now
keeping pace with the merit of the play.
Mr. Rosenfeld's play is the subject of
much pleasant conjecture, his bright Ger
man comedy "At the White Horse Tav
ern." given here last year at the Califor
nia Jjy a good little company of unfa
miliar players, having left a most pleas
ing impression. Thomas Q. Seabrooke is
the hero of the present play, and among:
his supporting company is Miss Isabel
Evesson.
Joseph Haworth Is giving us this week
a stirring and virile picture of Viniclus in
"Quo Vadis," that goes far to make a
very uneven performance well worth see
?*¥ , 2^;, Haworth » methods are through
out legitimate and artistic, and in two
Uases his support is worthy of the star.
p :ss Laura Neison Hall as Lygia has
'fciven us a gracious and tender conception
of tho part, and Herschel Mayalls good
Ic-tronluB has aW added greatly to the
interest. Some o^ the scenes fully live up
to the notable reputation of the house for
scenic (splendors, and Mr. Haworth's
\ lniclus la alone worth double the price.
Next week "Richelieu." one of Mr. Ha
worth s best plays, will be put on.
Miss Laura Nelson Hall, leading lady of
the Grand Opera-house company who has
been playing: the part of Lygia so well
In the production of "Quo Vadls" this
week, has been taken suddenly 111 with
rerllonltle. Her place will be taken by
Miss Florence Stone, who has Just ar
rived from Los Angeles after a very suc
cessful engagement with Melbourne Mac-
Dowell.
Tivoli's Bill One of the Best.
Neill Draws Big Fare
well Houses.
The Alcazar Successfully
Gives Shakespearean
Comedy;
HAWORTH WINS
POPULAR FAVOR
FABIOLA LADIES ARRANGING A MAMMOTH WHIST PARTY
WHICH THOSE IN OAKLAND'S SOCIAL SWIM WILL ATTEND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1901.
9
GBAFE-NUTS.
PASTY FOOD.
Too Commonly Used.
The use of pasty cereals is not advis-
able. A physician says: "Pasty cereals
are very Indigestible and a bad thing- for
the stomach, causing a depressed feeling
and quite a train of disorders, particu-
larly of the Intestines and nerves.
"Cereale, such as wheat and oats, can
be cooked long enough and well enough
to lit them for human use, but the ordin-
ary way of cooking leaves them In a
pasty condition."
A gentleman from Evansville, Ind.,
whose name can be secured upon - appli-
cation to the Fostum .Cereal Co., Ltd.,
Battle Creek, Mich., says: "My physi-
cian prohibited the use of oats and wheat,
for I was in a bad condition physically,
with pronounced dyspepsia. He said the
heavy paste was indigestible, but that
Grape-Nuts, being a thoroughly cooked
food and cooked in such a manner as to
. change the starch into gTape-sugar, could
te easily digested. ' I have become very
fond indeed of Grape-Nuts and all the
uncomfortable feelings have disappeared.
I have gained nearly twelve pounds 'fn'
weight and have" none of the distressed,
full feeling after my meals that I had
formerly. Grape-Nuts Food has done the
• ADVERTISEMJiNTa.
There is no safer business than -
selling Fels-Naptha soap. tYour,
money bacl^if you want it. ' ¦*¦]^
Fels & Co., rnakers, Philadelphia. }
Gray, Lang & Stroh (Inc.), San Francisco.
Pleasant
-
Hours
Swiftly Flying— "T''-
Those spent on the
California Limited
as it rashes and races
:, across the country from
San Francisco to Chicago
in 75 hours.
Leaves San Francisco at
9 a. m. every. Monday
and Thursday on the |
Santa Fe
I ... — ~ ; r~—- ~
' i^S^DEWEY,SrRONG&CO.^??S l
(1 I PATENTS I i)
>tt^330 MARKET^bTSJ/^SrTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1901.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The' San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
cntll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
. BRAICCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes'street: open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
£261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 n. m. .
106 Eleventh 6treet; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
A REGULAR meeting of Godfrey tjufMTJ
<Je St. Omar Council No. 1, ,Hi
Knights Kadosh, A. & A. Scot- ltL_JKl_=!ll
tisrh Rite of Freemasonry, will 'C__5>S__
be held in Commandery Hall. ltr^Tt,«r^_
Masonic Temple, on THURS- - 1 f_ la
DAY EVENING, Sept 12, at 8 S-SbiT
o'clock. Thirtieth" Degree.
HENRY BURNER. Recorder.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— m
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) t\
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. P. M. and "«V
M. .E. M. degrees. By order of the /^r >
H. P. JNQ. R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. & A. M.. m
will meet THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- _J%
ING, Sent. 12, at 7:30 o'clock. Third 'Kjf
degree. By order of the Master. /?)
FRANKLIN II. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. & A. M.— m
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) __f^
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- >?5f
. gree. Fellowcraft Masons cordially #^r>
invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No.
212, F. & A. M.. meets THIS (THURS- _f\_
DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock, forJ£2C
first decree. By order of the* Master. '
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. & A. M.- m
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) -_fV_
EVENING at 7:20 o'clock. Third de-
gre«. Master Masons are Invited. By/ » '
order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15,
I O. O. F. Resrjlar meeting
THURSDAY EVENING. Sep-
tember 12, 130L Discussion of 'w/ifK-
important business. Full attendance re-
quested. T. C. MARTIN. N. G.
J. J. DE HAVEN. Rec. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. , S !_raK_ > .~
F.. will have initiation THIS :%ry5K»S:
(THURSDAY) EVENING; also
very Important business. "*//»v«-
FRANK D. MACBETH. N. G.
CHAS. J. THELEX. Rec. Sec
PAST Grands' Association, I. O. <*_B_2_fe.
O. F.— Regular meeting FRIDAY _J_?»3S_:
EVENING. September 13. All
past grands cordially invited to •*?//*«*•
attend. REUBEN H. LLOYD. Pres.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle v «r>^
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) 3», \Saj
EVENING. Fraternity Hall, 32
O'Farrell St., at S o'clock. A full **•_>••
attendance is requested.
GEORGE MILLER, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
MEMEERS of St Patrick's Mutual Alliance
Association of California are requested to
attend the funeral of BRO. THOMAS
DUFFY from his late residence. 2719 Mari-
posa St.. THIS MORNING (THURSDAV)
September 12. Funeral detail will assemble
£t the house at 9 o'clock a. m. By order of
the Alliance.
THOMAS M. SEAREY, President.
T. E. GIBEONS, Rec Sec. •
ADOPTION.
GIRL, and boy baby, for adoption. MRS. DR.
FCNKE. 1416 Eighth st. Alameda.
AGENTS WANTED.
53 TO $5 per day easily made for the next 90
days celling an attractive line of holiday
poods. For full particulars send name and ad-
dress to ALBERT DESPRES, Star bldg., Chi-
cs to, 111.
AGENTS — Do you -want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.. /
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty; quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
•wills deeds, etc.. prepared; charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE, S50 Market St.
ADVICE free, -divorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
lectlons attachments ; mortgages ;bllls of sale;
rartnerships;deeds; wills drawnjfees low;or>en.
eve's. THURSTON. 100S% Mkt.. r. 4, op. 5th.
ADVICE fn ?s; open eve.; moderate fee if suc-
cessful. EDW. R. EHIRRAN, 927 Market st
LEW B. DOUGLASS. 397 Parrott bldg— Bank-
ruptcy. estates, general practice; mod. fees.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
_.. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BRITANNICA. Peale's. 25 vols.. cloth, at 60c.
Room 76. Hotel St. Denis. 24 Turk Et.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red, 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for children; JS up; near school.
2127 Prince st. Berkeley.
2 OR 3 children to board; good home & moth-
er' p care: $10 up; sunny yard. 1607 California.
BUUEAU^jnUJNKS;
ASK to see Lundbeck's improved drawer
trunk; at all dealers or factory. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $450; GOOD-PAYING saloon. ; close to the
water front; rent *25; must be sold at once
as owner is compelled to return to Michigan.
Call R, G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny St.
A _$400; BRAN'CH bakery, delicacy store, with
4 furnished rooms; rent $20; very best location
on Flllmore Et., and good paying. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— J600; CIGAR store; rent ?20; very best stand
on Kearny et.; owner must leave for Fresno;
value in sight Call - It. G. WILKE. 26_
K*_rr.y Et.
A— $400; DAIRY and produce store with horse
and wagon; 3 living rooms; place established
i years; doing good business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A— $1400; SALOON: choicest location on Market
Et; net rent ?80; fine fixtures and good pay-
ing business; investigate at once; a splendid
and rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26U
Kearny Et.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon with lunchroom on
Market Et.; a first-class place; owner sick In
ihe country; must sell at once; investigate and
make offer. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Ksarny.
A— J5C0: CHOP and oyster house on Market st;
rent $30; daily receipts $30 and above; owner
called East by death. Call R. G. WILKE,
_6^_ Kearny Et.
1450— CANDY stand, stock and fixtures; down-
town: snap. RETSLOFF. 906 Market St.. r. 12.
1250— PARTNER commission business; can make
?T5 month. STRANir & CO., 209 Kearny st
1250— PARTNER wanted: great chance In a
paying office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market.
£300- -AND $350— Fine opportunity to invest In
established blacksimth business; price in each
case covers etock. tools and good-will. Ad-
' dress box 283. Call office.
WANTED— Small business, city or country
not over $1200. What have you got? No
agents. Box 2S9, Call.
FOR rale Immediately on account of Eickness
an old-established oyster and chop house
Call between 5 and 6 p. m., 330 Fourth st
PAYING bakery for sale; 15 bbls. per week'
retail only. Apply 561 Mission st " '
I HAVE $200 to invest and services; state par-
.ticulare. Box 291. Call. *^
GOOD chance for bakery and coffee house-
liberal terms. 321 Elite et. ' .
A.— CIGAR *tand; different from the rest; al-
ways doing business; fine location; high-class
trade; elegant fixtures; rent very low; owner
celling account other large interests; an op-
portunity to buy a No. 1 stand at a low
figure; no agents. Box 60. Call office.
FOR; rent — Fine »lace: has been run as a
butcher shop and bakery for 30 years; 4 liv-
ing- rooms outside of bakery and butcher
chop. For particulars- address H. J. Mc-
DERMOTT. Sunol. Cal. -
WANTED immediately— Good business part-
• ner with capital to assist patentee financially
with an article of high merit; a big money
making propoei^lon. Box 117. Call office.
|500— PARTNER wanted; half Interest In store j
and manufacturing business; partner handle
• money. ; Particulars 257 Fourth st -
5"O let — Butter and egg stall In Grand Western
Market 1312 Polk st. J. H. EGGERS.
PROSPECTOR needs' backing to uncover rich
quartz ledge. Box 107, Call . office.
FOR SALE— On account of death, a complete
Ullor's outfit Box 116, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions !
received at Call branch office, 2300 FHlmore st i
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
6TR^olT^A^WIN^6^V~CraN^R^HOUS_C
CLEARS $300 EVERY- MONTH........
Worth $5000— Price $3000 only, $1000. cash
£8- room boarding-house • $3000
40 rooms: down- town '. 2650
130 ROOMS; THE BEST ..'. :. 16,000
CALL-I CAN SUIT YOU....
10- room house; fine location $425
14-room house; good; transient 600
10 rooms; on O'Farrell st....; 425,
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit.. 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
6-room flat; fine corner 300
36 rooms; on Market st 1900
10 rooms; north of Market Et 450
42 rooms; 'clears every month $300 1600'
8 rooms; flat near City Hall : 425
15 rooms; fine corner; clears $80 600
9 rooms; good piano; must sell 425
48 rooms; hotel and bar 1500
18 rooms; on Sixth st; clears $80 SOO
24 rooms; on Market st; clears $150 1600
18 rooms; corner; just like home 1500
10 rooms; on Mason st; new ; 760
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 '. 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash; balance payments... 1250
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H, C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
OUR MOTTO SQUARE DEALING.
NO TROUBLE TO SHOW HOUSES.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
6-room flat, new - furniture $323
15 rooms; full of steady roomers 850
14 rooms; transient; clears $125 650
17 rooms, $700; 12 rooms 500
21 rooms; JiOO cash, balance payments 1000
50 rooms; rent $100; clears $250 1500
300 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
28 rooms; on Mission 200
SO-room hotel and bar 1600
45 rooms; rent $125; clears $150 2350
MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market, cor. Ellis, r. 12.
11 ROOMS; rent $35; must be sold $400
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40... 450
7 rooms; nicely furn.; good home 375
10 rooms; good fur.. r carpets; Bush st SOO
45 rooms; fine sunny corner; central 3700
25 rooms; corner: everything new; snap.. 2500
100 r:; fine location; good money maker.. 6000
$5000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$650 — 14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.
$500 — 6-room flat; grand furniture; rent $25.
$1100 — 17 rooms; money maker; rent $55.
$650—8 rooms; now being furnished.
$2500—70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
We loan money on an" proposition. DONALD
¦ INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market st, and 8 Stockton st.,
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush S2S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
96 r. ; rent $550; elegant furn.; good location.
GO r. ; rent $2S0; country; tran.; pays well. $6300
27 r.; rent $140; oak furn.: Al location... 2200
20 r. : rent $S0: residence loc.: apartment. 1100
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1>4 p. c.
14 r. ; rent $40: elegant fur.; boarders... $1000
10 r. ; rent $47 50; oak furn. brussels carp. 530
9 r.; rent $33; oak furn.; -housekeeping... 350
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
WINSTON & WOLF,
1028 Market st, telephone Jessie 2211.
15 rooms; nicely furnished; snap $1175
29 rooms; pays well: good location... 1400
32 rooms; best transient in the city 2200
IS rooms: all on 1 floor: bargain 900
• 12 rooms: beautiful yard; grand... 1500
3 mortgaged house must be sold'.
FISHER & CO.,' 935 Market, phone Folsom 1592.
34 r $1400 22 r $800 16 r $800
20 r 1150 20 r 800 14 r 450
18 r 1000 • 13 r 600 12 r 400
15 r 700 8r 350 10 r '400
, 8 r 550 6 r 225 7 r..... 225
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, rms. 1 and 2.
Near Call bldg. Tel. Black 1803.
Lodging houses and businesses for sale.
. I have 4 salesmen employed.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911. ¦
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st)
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses at
our office. McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market
. Et.. opposite Fifth. :
FURNITURE of a 9-room house for sale. 242
Sixth St.
SPIRITUALIS3I.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues.. Fri.. 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them; I
give names: received medals from , many I
countries; taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 1084 Bush St.; tel. 2275 Larkln
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun.,Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1035 Market st.
CHAS. BROCKWAT, 23c seance Sun., Tues.
and Thurs.. 8 p. m. ; every one gets a test;
private readings daily. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus, medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
If tter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st. : Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
Friday, 8 p. m.; Wednesday, ladles, 2:30 p.
m., 10c: meetings daily. 50c.
MRS. GILLIXGHAM, spiritual test meeting, 8
p. m .. 10c. 305 Larkin. cor. McAllister.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. CC3 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD. . •
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives affe accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life. . or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
FREE double tests, ladles free; readings
morning, free lesson; afternoon, ; full read-
ings; $1 up from 10 to 6; closed Sundays; full
name; development in 90 days under written
guarantee; proving Franklin's ability as pre-
dlcter teacher. 724 Post. 3 doors from Leaven- |
worth; no circles; Is spiritualist; Franklin
on door.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Ft., corner Goldpn Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect eatisf action guar-
anteed by mail; send Ft amp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
_______________________ ~
. . HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk st; readings by mail.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows pitcure future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215^ Sixth st
_______________ _ _
Truthful predictions In all affairs of life:
gives names, facts, figures; gives luck; honest
predictions in love affairs; reunites separated,
not one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, bom with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents $1; palm; and clair. sit. $1 DO. 126 Turk.
PROF. JOHN J. HULTHEN. clairvoyant,
palmift and card reader: reveals past, present
and future. 50c. 1007% Market, near Sixth.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, oil
€th: private readings 'dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p.. n_
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken; 25c up. 777% Market st.rm.lS.
MME. HANSEN. card reader and palmist; tells
past, present, future, 25c. 148 6th St., ' room 14.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladies
, 25c, gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st. It
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings, 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; 50c. 326A Ellis st
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c;from 1 to 8 p. m. 262 Minna st.nr. 4th.-
MRS.MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th:German tpoken;teI.Howard 1846.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant: reader ;palmlstry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission, over store. -
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologist 148
Sixth st.. room 23. . .
MME. 1 SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SV4 Jessie st. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET HEATING AIVD CLEANING.
WHEN you become .dlsgnJs^eX^ltiTpoor^work'
eend to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel South 40. ¦
AMERICAN Carpet-boating Works— Cleaning
3c;renovated;relaid. 105 14th st; tel. Capp 2542.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 75im Market st; phone Mint 1095.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3S4. GEO. WALCOM& CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. ' 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CO ., NI SH N ' S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. -
C S TY ~, St * am Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J - E - MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails, warts; pain-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
PROF.Strassbursrer fromN.Y.. specialist on feet/
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.: Chronicle big... rm.-76.
COLLECTION OFFICES. ¦ {¦:
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No~cn_rgr_n^
less successful. Room 310, 927. Market 6t
¦¦'-,-. c P TTA<SEi - s T^. : _ I ' E _ T '
BARGAIN— Cottage, 6 rooms and bath; furni-
ture for sale; possession immediately. 266
Hartford st . "
DENTISTS^ _______
A— DR-^rTsTTuGGiSfsr^rrTilarket ¦ street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
. for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, . on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
.. gold. and. porcelain cro.wni .$5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction. . .
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p.m.; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THAfCHER, M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and. fillings; extractions or fillings by my
¦wonderful secret, painless method; 20
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and lady I attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, ! the Rose Pearl,"
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
• BOc; plates, $5; full. set; all work painless and
. warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest " rates. 1 ¦
DR. M. A. BROWN has removed to 64 Sixth
st; gold crown and bridge work a specialty.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth,' $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G?
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Paln-
less extraction 50c ; plates $5 up ; phone Polk J135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, denist, third floor, Ex-
- aminer building; formerly in Murphy^bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
/ lr.g, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish,, etc ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat, free.
A— The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE; is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
1 rott bldg. ; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mining,mech, sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects.beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business Collese, 1236 Market st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting:— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Ma«on st
ACTING — Send to Grand ODera-hquse for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Business Colleee, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep., $6 mo.
MARV P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. ¦ 424 Pine at.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1SC3; new SO-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
E2IPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help . of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st;tel. East 426.
SAM KEE & CO., employment office — Best help;
estbd. 1850. 621% California St.; tel. Red 401.
CHINESE- Employment Office— All kinds best
help furnished. 439 Bush St.; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powcll.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
REFINED woman with boy 7 years old wants
a position as working housekeeper. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and- seamstress
desires situation; good --references. MISS
. CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires sit-
uatlon; good cook and housekeeper; refer-
er.ces. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ;
FIRST-CLASS institution cook desires situa-
tion; good refs. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook wants a position.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter 8t
COMPETENT conk desires position; clubhouse
cook for men. MISS HORGAN, 323 Sutter st.
A YOUNG woman Wants sewing by the day,
mending or- plain '"dressmaking and renovat-
ing. Address Dressmaker, Call Branch, 300
Hayes streetr ", '
A YOUNG woman wishes any kind of house-
work by the day or a few hours daily. 143
- Lexington ave., between Eighteenth and
Nineteenth,' Mission and Valencia sts.
BY an Intelligent middle-aged woman, a sit-
uation: Is a good manager and seamstress;
fond of children. Box 295. Call office.;
A YOUNG girl 15 years old wlshes"1i nice place
in light housework; no washing. Inquire 388
Fifth st. • ' -
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation
In restaurant; reference. Please call 467A
Minna st. J , _ ;
RELIABLE woman, good cook, do light house-
work; kind to children; moderate wages; city
or country; carfare. 478 Jessie st.
GERMAN girl wants situation'-,'. for general
housework; references.' 342 San Carlos ave.,
bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first sts. J
COMPETENT woman as cook; city or country;
no objection to small washing. 270 Jessie st.,
near Fourth. . .
GERMAN woman wants work by the day. $1 50
and car fare. Address German woman. Call'
Branch. 300 Hayes st . . . • « :
A WOMAN wishes a position at general house-
work. Address 1055 Howard st.
YOUNG elrl from the East desires position as
nurse; good reference. Address 1425 Gough st
COLORED woman, flrst-class cook, wants sit-
uation cooking or chamber work; reference.
Call 253 Jessie st , .'.-¦¦.-
YOUNG woman from the East wishes situation
as chambermaid, sewing, or waiting, or
housework; no postals. Call 25S^ Tehama st'
A YOUNG woman wants sewing by the day,
mending,- plain dressmaking or '.renovating.
Address Dressmaker, Call; branch, 300 Hayes.
CAPABLE woman would'- like to do house-
cleaning by the day. Box 250. Call office. '
GENERAL housework; good plain cook; coun-
. try preferred; city or. country. Box 269,- Call.
FIRST-CLASS. dressmaker desires . engagements
- by the day or to work home." j 1694 Stockton. ; •
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker,- late of New .York,
wants engagement by the day; $2. Apply to
MRS. WAHLQUIST. 509 Kearny st 7 ¦
A -LADY of middle age- wishing to -go East
would like to chaperon young ladles' or inva-
lid. Box 2307, Call office,- Oakland.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st..' near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c. to $1 50 per; night: $1 50 to
$6 week: convenient, and respectable;, free
"bus and baggage to and from ferry. . ',
.' BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
, subscriptions has been established -.' at 1096
Valencia Et . , • . ' - , : - ¦: . .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Situation: young j man, . six j years',
experience in railroad office; any responsible
position accepted; best of references from
last employer. Address B. C. EGGLESTON,*
114 /McAllister St.. . ¦ .- •-.... ¦ • . '; ,i
YOUNG man of 25, \who was with the army in
'. the Philippines for a year, wishes to return
\ there in a, clerical capacity; am flrst-class
stenographer. Box : 237, Call office. . : .
YOUNG man (25), experienced, in -grocery, and
-meat business, wants situation. -Box i -~292,'
¦ Call-office. • \ .: . j- _J Jf ,.;
SITUATION by young man taking.- care-- of
- horses, cow,- garden; good driver; handy. with
tools. ; Box 266, » Call office. ' •• ¦ _ t . ¦ ;•• •- •
BARTENDER would like position s In city or
country. • ACdress J. C. S.,- 7 Fourth st
. EMPLOYMENT i WANTED— MALE.
RELIABLE man wants position in private
place;- understands the care of horses;- good
V. driver; can milk and attend to ; garden ; good
. references: Box 299. Call. ¦ . -
GOOD collector and office man with 15 years'
: experience, wants position; best city refer-
ences. AddresB F.' O. E., box 277. Call office.
MAN and wife, wants position together in
first-class • country hotel \- man as manager,
clerk or bartender; is a first-class mixer;
wife :as . housekeeper, waitress, or chamber-
maid; both thoroughly experienced in hotel
business;' first-class references. Address
' P. O. box B74, Oakland, Cal. ' .
A COMPETENT, reliable man wisheB position
on a private place; thoroughly understands
the care of horses; a careful driver:: milk
¦ cows; care garden; good , reference. Address
F. P.. 1519 Howard sf . .
INDUSTRIOUS and trustworthy, young man de-
1 sires a position In a law office; stenographer;
experienced; knowledge of bookkeeping; fair
penman; references. Address, box 253. Call.
GENTLEMAN wishes situation as traveling or
stationary companion or attendant to conva-
lescent; ' can ¦ act ¦ as private secretary; good
references.. Box 248, Call. '.' ¦= -.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by young man from
the East; accustomed to gardening and gen-
eral work; Al references. Address box 254,
Call. - ' '.-''¦• ¦¦•' '¦-••»
YOUNG man . of ability and refinement will
come to your office at any time to do private
• bookkeeping. ;Box 265, Call. _\
YOUNG man, experienced bookkeeper, collector
and good penman, . desires employment; mod-
erate salary; bond. Box 249, Call.
AN experienced and practical farmer wishes
care of stock or grain ranch; highest refer-
ences; small salary. 1947 O'Farrell at.
GARDENER, competent and reliable, wants
situation. Please address box 268, Call.
RESPECTABLE young man wishes position as
collector; cash security and references given;
horse and buggy furnished if desired. Box 238,
Call office. ' .
SHOEMAKER, steady and competent man,
wants position; mountain or coast town pre-
ferred. Address J. K. . care Call office.
MAN wishes a position in hotel or store; is a
good cabinetmaker; non-union man. Box 190,
Call office. .-
YOUNG man, well educated in German and
English, desires position; best of references
and recommendations given; country pre-
f erred. Box 184. Call office. -. '
INDUSTRIOUS gardener desires situaticn; pri-
vate residence; the care of flowers, lawn, veg-
etables, horses and milk: useful and obliging;
. city or country. Box 198, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call-advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ¦ . .
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia ;tel. Capp 26S2.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
¦ placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
PLATS TO LET.
LOWER and middle flats, 6 lame rooms and
. bath; upper 10; beautiful grounds, keeping no
¦•: expense to tenants: completed Sept. 20: -bay-
• windows in every rm. NW. cor. Portola and
Duboce Pk., off Waller, bet. Pierce & Steiner.
FINE corner flat, 5 front rooms; gas fixtures,
etc.; $16 50 with water and ashman. Corner
Harr:«on and Oak Grove ave., bet. 5th; & 6th.
ELEGANT new flat, 6 rooms; every room sun-
ny and' facing park; Ellis car line; reason-
able. 402 Cole St.. corner Oak. .
COLE, 769-771, bet. Beulah and Frederick st*.—
Fine new sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. .. <»» ._ ...-.¦•_•
FURNITURE of 8-room flat for sale; flat to
rent cheap. 1620 Polk st. '
SUNNY middle; 7 rooms, bath, sanitary plumb-
ing; moderate rent. 939 Hayes, nr. Fillmore.
TO LET— Flat.' 6 rooms and bath; $13. 350.
' Precita ave.*
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat, 6 rooms, bath,
¦ basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
NINETEENTH. 4052. . near Castro— Sunny cor-
ner; modern flat; 5 rooms and bnth.
$13— LOWER .flat 4 clean rooms and hall; yard.
430 Seventh st, near Harrison.
A" CLEAN,' '¦ sunny, newly papered: 1 'month
free. .250 Tehama St., near Third.. '
ALPINE." 173— New upper flat, 8 rooms, -bath;
all modern improvm'ts; sun every room; $25.
NEW sunny upper flat; 6 rooms. 407 Grove st.
STEVENSON, 413, near Fifth— Upper flat, 5
rooms; rent $13; water free.
TO let— A flat of 6 rooms and bath at 1937 Ma-
son st. '¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
FURNISHED~fla ts "^o^^eTr~re_sonable. 416
Broadway. -. | - .
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 12S-130 Hayes. nr.V. Ness—
Stylish effects; High-grade work; Lowest prices.
FURKITURE FOR SALE.
$17 60 — SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Searey's Credit. House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished In cak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
FlIRNITUREJiyASTED.
CAL. AuctToiTco^ 1462 Market— Buys ' furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071. .
Auctioneer; -W. - P. Beauchamp, 2 Golden Gate
' ave.; tel. Jessie 326;- furniture, mdse.. bought.
A: L. Storrs, • 130 Golden Gate ave. ; tel. Jessie
q 1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 . before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
A. "WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1351.
•GLOVES. . . ,
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted;. kept In repair. 121 Grant ave. .
HELP XV ANTED FEMALE.
A—' MRS."m: B. DAY & CO.; ...Phone Main 157b"
............HOTEL DEPARTMENT
¦ 19 waitresses for first-class city and country
hotels. $20 and $25; restaurant waitresses,' $7
and $S; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20; waitress,
: springs, $25, free fare both ways....^.
¦ ..FAMILY DEPARTMENT....
' Cook. 2 in. family, $30; 2 second girls, $20;
German upstairs girl, $20; many choice places
§! for cooking and housework; best wages. MRS.
' M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
2 IRONERS, country, $25 per month;- restau-
rant. cook, $35; French second girl, Oakland,
¦ $25; waitress and pantry girL institution, $20
each; .second girl, sleep h\me, $25; lady's
maid. $30, see lady here to-day"; 2 waitresses,
¦-. city hotel, $20 each; housework, Mare Island,.
3 - . In family,. $25;- housework, 4 In family,
. country, $30; nurse, one child, 3 years old,
'$25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. - ¦
AT C. R. HANSEN &,CO.'S........ .Grant 185
: Cooks, waitresses, chambermaids, laundresses
for hotels 'and housegirls. • nurseglrls, second
girls and cooks, private families; highest
wages paid; call and select a place. ¦': C. R.
HANSEN. & CO.. 104 Geary st »
MISS HORGAN, 323 Sutter st. ' -.>-¦ .
S Institution cook, $40; 2 cooks, German . style,
.. $30; invalid's rAir.se. $25; 10 -housework girls,
• $25; S second girls, $20 & $25; cook & second
girl. $30 & $25; 20 young girls, assist;- $12 to $20.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery rm. _t.
Waitresses, city hotels and resorts, $20.
EXPERIENCED starchers and pressers on
.overshirts. Standard Shirt . Factory, Gough
and Grove. '-. .- • " , '>:
WANTED-^A w"oman to take care of. child 13
months old, assist in light. housework. Box
•288. Call. ..;,..- ¦ •
A COMPETENT waitress and parlor maid:
French or German preferred; wages $25. Call
after 1 o'clock at 2106 Pacific ave.
A LADY of 'indomitable energy, possessed of
• self-assertion; 'good -opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Pants operators. Apply at factory
of S..N. WOOD;& CO.. 27 Geary sf ,y «
WANTED— Pants finishers. Apply at factory
of S. N. : WOOD & CO.. 27. Geary . st
WANTED-^-An .Improver, for dressmaking dept
Apply - to Dressmaker." Emporium. .-.- - •
WANTED-^tA '. young girl for general house-
¦ work..- 1831 Eddy st. . ' • .
WANTED— Young girl to assist In .housework;
..small, family -adults. -2168 Sutter st .
GIRLS to put up perfumes; $3 per, week. Box
>: 296. -Call. -..-..• >¦ -/..-. ¦-. , . i . .¦-. ¦ ¦, : , ;
GIRL j or i woman • to F . assist i housework; " sleep.
home; $10., 711%: Ellfa'gt, before noon.' -¦;,- -
GIRL for second . work. Apply 1034 Mission
OPERATORS on overalls at Lev! Strauss &
:Co.'s factory, 32% Fremont st; good wages;
- no' ¦ experience necessary. Apply . to " MR,
DAVIS. . ;,.-, ¦ . v . •
WANTED- Experienced wrapper for delivery
department Apply at -HALE BROS.' before
11 a. m. . ' ; ¦ •' . ¦
WANTED— Young lady who is an experienced
wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS.' before 11
¦ a. m. * .
WANTED— Swedish girl, small family; small
..wages, with good references. Call early at
1617 Fulton st . -
GIRLS to fold paper- boxea. 16 Fremont st.
WANTED— Lady office assistant who is famil-
lar with figures; $5 week. Box 291. Call.
EXPERIENCED dressmakers /vanted.- 528 Sut-
ter St., room 3.- ' ¦ • .•
GOOD sewing machine operator wanted- for
-awning work. 1139 Mission st. ;. ' .
BRIGHT, energetic woman for opening with
wholesale house. Box 298, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser at the Bon Ton, 324
Post st. \
A GIRL for confectionery store; must have
some experience. 1247-51 Polk st.
SALESLADY, for dry. and fancy goods store;
experience necessary. 1400 Stockton St..
GIRL to assist -In light housework and care of
children; German preferred. 755 Eddy St.
WANTED^-Waltress at 113 Turk st.
WANTED for the city— An intelligent, refined.
, middle-aged woman to act as governess for
two children: one with knowledge of music
and languages preferred; references ' required.
Box 256, Call. - . -
APPRENTICES to learu tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.* 541
Market st. ¦
WANTED— Experienced operators on ladles'
wrappers; steady work; electric power; good
pay. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market st.
WANTED— Girl to do generai housework and
cooking in BakerBfield; wages $25. Call 1810
Bush St., morning-.
HAIRDRESSING, dyeing, bleaching, massage,
manicuring taught in 2 weeks- for $5; employ-
mer.t guaranteed. College, 143 Stockton, r. 15.
FINISHERS on ladies' tailormade jackets.
Call at M. ROTHSCHILD'S, 526 Sutter st.
AMATEUR sincers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 d.'. m. this evening.
WANTED— A chambermaid at the Manhattan
House. S25 Battery st. .
RESTAURANT waitress wanted; good pay.
531 Clay st -
GLOVE makers'; driving and Eurekas.- Carson
Glove Co., 25 Market st. ¦"-.¦¦
FRENCH speaking fancy goods saleslady
wanted. Box 235, Call office. ••_
GIRL for general housework; no children;
wages $20; references. Box 236, Call office.
WANTED— An, -errand girl at 766 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted; bookbindery.
536 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted; bookbindery.
, 536 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats; good pay;
steady work. 541 Market st.
WANTED— Women lor light work on fruit
1731 Folsom st ' - ; ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY. PHONE MAIN 5843
Leading Employment Agents
634 and 636 Clay street. .'...
Office Open To-day, 7 a. m '
.Railroad men.-. Ship to-day.'..... Thursday
£0 teamsters .Ukiah Free fare
75 laborers Ukiah Free fare
25 men. to cut right of way, Ukiah, free fare,
wages $2 to $2 50 a day. .
...SANTA FE COMPANY'S OWN WORK...
175 laborers_to work on section, steel, balla&t
and extra gangs at Stockton, Fresno, Bakers-
fleld and Merced divisions
Free fare Ship dally
, MECHANICAL HELP
Carpenter for an institution, steady job;
camp blacksmith, $65; harness maker, camp,
$35; harness maker near city, tank cooper,-
vineyard, $65; cooper, slack work; two tin-
smiths, $3 day, carpenter factory; 9 black-
smiths and helpers different country.
....SAWMILLS AND WOODS......
LUMBER PILERS/ SAWYERS
25 laborers, no experience required, for a
large mill and lumber company, $35 to $55 and
found
5 cross-cut sawyers ...$45 and found
10 lumber pilers, 5 laborers, pile lumber In .
yards, 10 laborers, lumber Co. north. ...$60
MINES..;. LABORERS
10 more single-hand miners.. $75-$55 and found
25 drillers and hammersmen $60 and $67 60
60 laborers, different gold and silver mine3,
$30 to f"5 and found; 10 laborers, salt works,
$i 75 dajj and 500 laborers, different Jobs, city
and country; $1 75 to $4 day.
FARMS DAIRIES
Gardener for an institution $25 and found
10 men to work around thrashers.. $40 and fd
' 5 laborers for 1 ranch, no experience.. $26 and fd
2 laborers for an institution, $25 and found; 52
farm hands, $26 to $40 and found; 5 milkers;
7 choremen •
MISCELLANEOUS
10 2-horse teamsters, near city. $34 and found;
5 deckhands, $10 and found; farmer and wife,
$30, see boss here; stableman for truck stable,
$60; 5 stablemen and buggy washers
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS
Cook and wife, country $50 and found
Butcher, mining company, $40 and found; 7
camp cooks, different places, $30; 2 dishwash-
ers, ranch, $25; dishwasher. Institution, $25;
• night cook, country, $40, fare paid; cook, pri-
vate place, south, $35, fare paid; night watch-
-man; 9 cooks, 7 waiters, kitchen help, etc....
'MURRAY & READY ..634-636 Clay st
FRUIT PICKERS FARE PAID
10 men to pick grapes, no experience, $30 and
found, see boss here, anybody will suit
25 men and boys to pick and pack all kinds
of fruit and grapes $30 and found
10 Italians to pick grapes, $30 and found, fare
paid
MURRAY & READY... 634-636 Clay st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
50 Third St.. near Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
.."..-. RAILROAD LABORERS
UKIAH .UKIAK
........./. FREE FARE
• 50 R. R. laborers. Ukiah $2 per day
£0 R. R. teamsters, Ukiah. .$2 to $2 25 per day
50 axmen. Ukiah •.'. §2 per day
Free fare to Fresno. Merced and Bakersfleld.
60 shovelers for Santa Fe R. R.; 50 section
hands for Santa Fe R. R .$175 per day
10 lumber pilers and yard men.. '....$2 a day
10 laborers, country '. .....$2 per day
10 quarrymen. $2 per day, board 60c per day
'3 men to gather r beans..........$30 per month
Spool tender, lumber woods $50 and found
ANDRE'S OFFICE...... ..316 STOCKTON ST.
• Valet. $40; butler and valet, country, $35;
porter, $25; pantryman, $25; second- cook, $60;
broiler, $60; gardener, small private place;
"dishwasher, $30; dishwasher, institution, $20;
driver, $2 a day; baker for institution, • $35;
baker for steamer, $60; shampooer, $35.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Hotel clerk, $50; young man to assist in bar
and do clerking, country hotel, $20; 4 bell
boys, $10 to $25; head . waiter, city, $40; 2
porters, $20 and $30; 3 more first-clas? colored
. waiters, country. $25., - ' .-* .
A— 2 WAITERS, country. $30 and $35, fare paid,
see party here. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
335 Geary st. . - , ¦ . - ' •
JOURNEYMEN Barbers', International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market st, room 207,
I. LESS, secretary; telephone. Jessie 1176.
WANTED— Bright, energetic office . boy for
.wholesale house; must have first-class refer-
ences, as to character. Address, giving age,
references, previous . experience, etc.. Grain,
. .129 Davis st... city. . , • .
MAN to help in clean, pleasant business, 9 a.
m. to 5 p. m.. $15 to $18 per week; must hava
' $75 and be ready to go to work at once. Calif.
¦ Business Exchange, 78 Third St., room 2.
YOUNG .man to act as -collector; must come
well recommended and secured; steady posi-
¦ . tion to right party. Golden West Renovatory,
12 Montgomery st. " ¦ . .
BAR porter, between 21 and 30 years "of age;
- ; one accustomed to drawing beer and to make
himself generally useful: state where former-
.ly employed. Box 114. 'Call office. ¦ y '
WANTED-^-"A man who understands making
¦ and repairing gas meters. . WIESTER & CO..
. 22 Second st. , .¦ - ..
WANTED— German boy for porter and all
around the house. McMAHON HOUSE,. Holy
Cross' Cemetery. -', . ; . ...
WANTED — Cooks, waiters, porters, dishwash-
ers and kitchen help; also experienced restau-
3teward; no fee. 127 Mason st.;';. ;
COATMAKER wante J ' to work in : store.
CHARLES WEISER & . CO.. 3056 Twenty-
r- : fovrth st.V
MARINE- firemen, lumber stevedores.' sailors:
. non-union; no office fees. .Mechanics', Regis-
;".- tration . Bureau. 410 Kearny.. st, ¦ room 24.
WANTED— Pants pressers. Apply- at "factory
• of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27, Geary st .
STOCK : keeper, young man with experience;
¦ reference. . ROOS ¦ BROS.. 25-37. Kearny ; st r
EOYS to pack -extracts; • $4 aV week. '" PAUL
\RIEGER.- 141 First • st ;•„'
BOY . wanted. Apply G.- M. KUTZ CO.. 103
- Mission st
HELP WANTED—MALE Con. '
AT C. R. HANSEN &.CO..'S 104 Geary st.
Railroad work Railroad work
Free fare Free fare
- FOR UKIAH --
100 teamsters and laborers '.. t-
3 -FOR NEVADA
100 teamsters and laborers $2
FOR TRUCKEE
ti'O mason's helpers and laborers.... Jl 75 to $2
• FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
100 drillers and headers J2 25 to J2 50
. 100 muckers and laborers........ $-
Free fare Ship dally Free fare
3 blacksmiths, country shop, $2 50 to $3 a
day; 10 laborers for sawmill 'and woods. $2
a day; 10 laborers for lime quarry, $2 a day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook. J35; waiter. J25; vegetableman.
$25, for an institution: 2 waiters. $30; dish-
washer, 525, for a camp near city; 2 cooks for
. small camps, $25 and $30;- pantryman, city,
J25; kitchen hand, country hotel, $25 and free
fare: ranch cook. $25; 20 dishwashers ami
¦ -kitchen hands, $30 and $25; mangier, hotel
laundry, $35
Head waiter $35, waiter $30, same country
hotel, see boss here; night porter, country
, hotel. $30; 2 neat bellboys, first-class coun-
try hotel, $20 and free fare .*........
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... ....... ...104 Geary Bt.
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATELY.
Carpenters, • .
Experienced Piledrlver Hands,
Experienced Raftsmen.
For work In this city at China Basin. Potrero
and for various jobs along the water front'
Also for work at Mare Island and Hunters
Point drydocks.
Steady work at regular wages.
We are starting new jobs dally, and will
put on all competent men applying at once.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS' EM-
PLOYERS' ASSN..
Room 15. 4 California st
• '--
WANTED^- Able-bod led men able to handle
grain, etc.; none others need apply; wages 50c
per hour, board, lodging and protection in-
cluded. Apply to WM. THOMAS, 514 Bat-
tery st. '
WANTED— Strevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged en
steamer lying aWngside; men working for
the company ancri giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference in future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf, San Francisco.
10OO MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers; steady employment; good wagfcs.
Lumber Dealers' Association, 209 Examiner
building.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON.
room 412. Parrott building.
MEN and boys wanted. Apply office American
Can /Co.,, 209 Mission st
BOYS wanted to work in paper can factory.
Apply 434 Jackson st. .
GOOD driver for. mineral water wagon; must
have" reference and security. Box 294. Call.
WANTED— Salesman for retail grocery busl-
ness. Box 287.' Call. .
COOK for new mechanics' hotel. 444 Brannan
" street.
WANTED— Jewelers. 328 Bush st, third floor,
room 4. ¦¦ ¦
MILLWRIGHT for Floriston; steady work.
Floriston Pulp and Paper Co., 707 Front st.
WANTED— Boys to work in brass works; no
strike. Address box 293. Call. ¦ -
WANTED — Young man with little cash. $35 and
found; no experience. Restaurant. 496 4th st.
B. A. SAMMANN. 1238 Fillmore st; harness-
maker. • • •
WANTED— Good wagon maker for new work."
212 Railroad ave.. South San Francisco.
DISHWASHER In a restaurant; $15 a month
and lodging. 1759% Mission st ¦ •
WANTED— A boy to help a plumber. 1017 Fol-
som st. .
TAILOR wanted for busheling. 827 Sutter st.
TINSMITHS wanted. Apply 17 Drumm st
BARBER every afternoon. Saturday and Sun-
day; wages $9. 1322 Stockton st -
WANTED— Paper-hanger on lincrusta. Stein-
er and Turk. sts. . ¦ •
GOOD barber for Friday at 5 o'clock. Saturday
and Sunday; $6; union man. . 629 Union st
TWO painters wanted. Union st, bet Frank-
lin and Gough. <
YOUNG man to wash dishes and help wait at
counter nights. 1201 Flllmore st.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. Call 1024 Hyde st.
FOR SALE — Barber shop and living room. 114
Fourth st. :
STRONG boy, 15 to 20 years, to work in a candy
factory; chance to learn the trade; wages $5
a week to start with. Call to-day bet. 9 and,
10 a. m., -Blum's Confectionery, cor. of Polk
and Sutter sts. . - -
STRONG boy, about 17 years of age, for fac-
tory: reference required. LEVI STRAUSS
& CO., 32% Fremont , st. Apply to MR.
DAVIS.
BARBERS— Wanted, to buy a half or whole
interest in a good paying country barber
shop; a shop with baths preferred. Box 255.
Call office.
WANTED— Strong young man to assist In par-
cel department; state age and 'references in
application. Box 258, Call office.
COATMAKERS and bushelmen for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— Salesman with some knowledge of
electrical supplies. Address box 257, Call.
WANTED— Cash boy. 14 years of age or over.
Address box 192, Call office. !
STEADY, willing boy to learn trade: good op-
portunity. Carson Glove Co., 35 Market st.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers. ¦ tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work ; • steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery st., room 23. San Fran-
. Cisco. Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy: able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 fe-t 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
' Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires etsrht
weeks; positions secured" at $60 monthly;
special Inducements this -month: write at
¦ once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE.. 635 Clay st. -•
¦WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkln. Reno Honse proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
DRAUGHTSMAN, practical man; one with
technical • education preferred; state expe-
rience. Box 239, Call office.
GET your' shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Cashboy 14 years of age or over.
Apply at HALE BROS.' berore 11 a. m.
WANTED-^Barber; steady work. 315 Kearny
¦street. * - - -¦' ' ¦ ¦ .
WANTED — A boy about 16 years old in con-
fectionery. 1503 Geary st. .
ROCK drillers and quarrymen. - Apply 232
. Montg-omery st. - • •
ALL slzesmen's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. ;
FOR sale— First-class hotel barber shop in'
•mountain town. H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh.
¦WANTED — A man that . understands nursery
work and floral business. Call 500 Haight st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs s;cond-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up.. 241 Third st.
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply at 232 Mont-
gomery st. •
2 FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers on wood man-
. tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. 581 Market St.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition in
San Francisco Barber School, 741A Howard st
WANTED— COO men to buy new and 2d-hand
.. array shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House.'44 Third st; near Mar-
, '-:ket— 7C0 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms; free
.'bus and baggage to and . from ' ferry. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ' 1096
Valencia st (
HORSES ASP TVACO55.
H BRANDENSTEIN & CO. has removed from
631 Mission st to 819 Fol30ffl st. with an as-
sortment of sale horses; alsolhrery &ndbc^d'
ing; new boarders solicited.^-HELLI^R.
40 -HORSES for sale: also wasona. buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ONE black road team, one carriage team. on»
fast road team. 721 Howard st. .
FOR sale— Handsome English dog cart. Ad-
dress bo_ 251. Call office.
A BARGAIN in goc« carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 805 G. G. ave.
FINE family horse for sale; 5 years, old: cheap.
Call at 823 Folsom st. ;
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore st. S.'F.
FOR sale— Pair of stylish dapple gray carriage
horses: French stock. Box 68, Call office.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry. 1
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. S2S Harrison.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth st. -
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc., cheap. EGAN _ SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532*Mlsslon.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass st. San Fran.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^PRINT^__»Tls^h«use3~to "let? "send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED,
HOUSE of 8 rooms and bathr handsomely fur-
nished; will lease for one year or more: S%#
den and convenient to car lines. 2915 Wtt**-
in^ton st. ' *
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished lodging-house. Ad-
dress H. CRITCHFIELD. 735 Montgomery st
LOST AND FOC5D.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of CANDELARIA GRADWOL, No.
230-760. The finder will please return to bank.
STRAYED — Last Thursday afternoon, a pug
dog from 1445 Polk st Finder please return
and receive reward.
NEAR Larkln and Sacramento, on Sept. 8.
lady's open face sliver watch and pin. Re-
turn to 1631 Sacramento st ; receive reward.
LOST— Black seal chatelaine bag containing
beads and other articles. Return to 524
Chestnut st. : reward.
LOST— Great Dane dog. Suitable reward for
return of same to ISIS Steiner st.
WILL party return purse to 45 Shotwell st
lost on Shotwell st. Septembec 6? Reward.
LOST— Young pup, long hair, curly tail, brown.
Return to 615 Ellis st; reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in tha
name of DORA MARSHALL. No. 233-131. Tha
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Passbook of Hibernia Bank bearing name
of BARTLETT S. MORRISSEY. Return to
bank.
LOST— An Irish setter Ia3t Sunday; liberal re-
ward. Return to 3350 Twenty-second st.
LOST— White bull terrier. Return 111 Eddy st :
reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old,
gold and silver to make new watch cases. _^
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy Iadle3
send 10c for latest list. Mr«. Hertz. 70S Ellis.
MATTRESSES AM) PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st;
tel. Bush 421. [ ¦
MEDICAL.
¦ ¦ .^. , .
DR. O'DONNELL—AH who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist My
medicines have been used Cor many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In
all cases taken: the most obstinate cases
have been relieved by my treatment* ; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate' nature: all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DE. G.
W. O'DONNELU 1013 Market St.. opp. 5th.
RETURNED ..:..
MRS. DA VIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will be pleased to see her friends at
the old number. 122S Market st.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
In confinement 1126 Market St.. S. F.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
-weaknesses and diseases of men only. 997
Market st, corner Sixth; entire upper floor.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market-Reliable la-
dles* specialist; a priv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care: low fees.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladies' specialist conflnem'ts.
removed from Market st to 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. D? WYETH. reliable ladies' specialist,
confinement home, removed to 410 O'Farrell.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-107 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021. l&U
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
SO-H.P. boiler and 25-H.P. engine complete.. $309
20-H.P. boiler and 15-H.P.englne complete^o/)
10-H.P. boiler and 8-H.P. engine complete.$125
6-H.P. boiler and 4-H.P. engine complete.. $3t>
Also pipe, flttines. etc H. S. WHITE. 518
Mission st _ " . ' ,
MISFIT parlors (upstairs). 23 Stockton, rents
full dress. Tuxedo, Prince Albert or mourn-
ers* black suits for $2 50; misfit tallor-mada
suits and Raglans for sale and to rent; a big
stock of travelers' samples in trunks, valise*
and full dress reasonable.
Graphophones. Pljpnographs. Gramophones, $5 to
*150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones.
Jl 50; Id-hand Phonographs.Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear et.
FOR Sale— 3 tanks, capacity 500 gals each;' also
' 1-story tankhouse to b<» removed. Particulars
'apply to M. J. BLACKMAN. 225 Hayes st
FOR sale— Thoroughbred Great Dane pups
MRS. DICKF.RSON. Caledonian and Eastern
Sausalito. Cal. -^^« r
AS UNCLE HARRIS has retired from business.
Information about articles left with him can
be had at 14 Grant ave.. room 28. 11 to 1 p. m.
NEW or 2d-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals.
Jewelry bought, sold, exch.: 1 4-H.P. Covey;
1 2^4-H.P. Hercules; gasoline eng. 910 Kearny.
13C1 COLUMBIA. Rambler. Snell. Ortent and
other second-hand bicycles cheap; send for
list. LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larkln at
FINE counter. 60 feet, in four parts; suitable
for office, store, bank or bar. L. _ II.
ALEXANDER. 110 Montgomery »t - \
A-53 E0 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop?
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS; 437 Montgomery st
SAFE. 3^x5^x2 ft 10% In. deep, with steel
chest Box 259. Call office. ¦
LIGHT wagon, horse and harness. 2 lncuba-
tors . 2 brooders. 1157 Thirty-fifth ave.. South.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE • HER-
MAN SAFE. CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
PRINTERS— A fine tapelessi 32x45 plate distrl-
bution drum cylinder. Box 186. Call office.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery st
BRITANNICA. genuine Scrtbner. 25 vols..
sheep, W 75. Rm. 78. Hotel St. Denis. 34 Turk.
TWO rare old masterpieces, oil paintings: Cer-
lcz and Maco; $75. Address box 3417. Call.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
NEW White and Wheeler Wilson, drop-head
sewing machine cheap. 1913 Mission, nr. loth.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st. •
DIAMONDS, watches, jewelry: cash or Install-
. — .ents. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny, r. 23.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold
rented, exchanged. H. ,S. White, 516 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steeU
_ lined safe, perfect order. 216 Calif ornla at
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand movinie dIqu-
tnres. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post if-JT
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
ALL stamped checks bought; documentary and
proprietary stamps. IPOS Call building.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th »t; tel. Folsom 2533.SUPERVISORS REFUSE TO AOOPT
Continued From Page Seven.
LONGSHOREMEN RETURN*
TO JOBS IN OAKLAND
Union Goes to Work Handling Lum
ber and Breaks Its Sympa
thetic Strike.
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— So far as the
Longshoremen's Union of Oakland is con
cerned the sympathetic strike on this side
of the bay is off. To-day 150 members of
that union returned to work, and at all
of, the yards along the water front lum
ber was being handled without respect to
union or' non-union relations.
The embargo on the schooner Muriel,
which has been idle at the Puget Sound
Lumber Company's docljs, was raised,
and the longsnoremen began to handle the
lumber cargo from that vessel. At all of
the other yards the same condition exist
ed, and the* cargo movers were as busy
as during the days before the strike.
This union is not affiliated with the
Water Front Federation of San Fran
cisco and is not officially affected by any
action taken by that body. The union
was Induced to join the teamsters in the
strike as a purely sympathetic proposi
tion, there being no grievance here con
cerning hours or wages.* .
Business Agent Nielsen, of the "Long
shoremen's Union made the following
statement: ¦
"About 150 union longshoremen have re
turned to work. I told the boys this morn
ing they either had to go to work or
every .lumber handler in the yards and
out -of them would be called out. The
men in the yards have been working regu
larly at a weekly wage schedule. The
longshoremen, who .at best get only a
few days' work at a time, have been idle
now for six weeks. They have earned no
money and-- have received no assistance
from the Water Front Federation of San
Francisco. More than that, money has
been raised here and sent to the city
strikers. - . ¦ ¦ • ¦ .
• "Not a cent of Jt came to the strikers
here. I am better situated than some of
the men,' but' I can't stand this any long
er. All of us must go out or all of ug
must be permitted to work.'
"If the San Francisco Federation would
assist us we would air go out. If we get
no relief.it will be a case of. every man
for : himself." .
Longshoremen working on' the • docks
said the teamsters and stevedores had
been handling S coal I without interruption
and the • yard men had been working on
lumber despite the strike. Therefore, . the
longshoremen had decided to go back to
their jobs on the promise that all or none
of the union men should strike. - '
• The. longshoremen had expected the
Building Trades Council to take some ac
tion last night, -but" the- council did not
make a move. The building trades have
shown no desire' to precipitate a labor war
in Oakland, and as the supplies of lumber
upon which they are* dependent were be
coming short the council would take no
step calculated to further tie up the' local
conditions. ' ,— ¦ ¦".-'¦¦¦¦
'The longshoremen returned to their
places without attempting ' to enforce any
regulations concerning hours or wages.*
George Rice Uses His Gun and Saves
:;;¦«¦¦- . ., Himself From Injury. ~
,,George : KIce, a non-union machinist liv
ing at Twentieth and Shotwell streets and
employed • at > the < Golden State foundry,
231 First street, was attacked about 9
o'clock last ; night at Fourth and Howard
streets by, five strikers: - Rice shook him
self clear, of: the attacking party before he
had serious injury, and -pulling
his revolver opened fire. He fired four
shots. The strikers scattered. Policeman
J. Jordan, who was oft* duty, happened to
be in the neighborhood and ran to the
scene of the shooting. Rice covered the
policeman with his gun, but submitted to
arrest when the latter exhibited his star.
Rice was taken to the Southern police
station, but was released upon explain
ing the circumstances. He showed a per
mit to carry firearms. It is not known
whether any of his bullets did any dam
age. Rice was employed at the foundry
long before the strike. He has always re
fused to join any union, and when the
union hands went out he told them that
he was satisfied with his job and would
stick by the ship.
SMITH IS RELEASED.
Case of Huffernan's Assailant Con
tinued Till Saturday.
Alvin Smith, the striking stationary en
gineer charged with assault to murder
upon Fred Huffernan, engineer for Healy,
Tibbitts & Co., last Saturday even
ing by striking him on the head with an
iron bar near his home, 1310 Green street,
appeared before Judge Cabaniss yester
day. He was instructed as to his rights,
and his attorney, E. P. Shortall, said he
was ready to proceed.
Attorney Coffey, for the prosecution,
said that the complaining witness was in
a serious condition at his home, and pre
sented a certificate from Dr. George
Adams to that effect. It was impossible,
therefore, to proceed at present with the
case. In view of the doctor's certificate
he asked that the bail of $250 accepted by
Assistant Warrant Clerk John J. Gree
ley for Smith's arrest be increased, as he
considered it entirely inadequate for such
a serious charge.
The proposed increase was opposed by
Attorney Shortall, but the Judge said he
would personally communicate with Dr.
Adams and be guided by his report. . The
case was continued till 2 o'clock, when
the Judge said that, although Dr. Adams
expressed the opinion that Huffernan
might eventually live, there was a pres
sure on the brain which left a chance for
fatal results. In the circumstances he
thought it his duty to increase the ball to
{500 cash or $1000 bonds. The case was
continued till Saturday.
Smith was soon released on $1000 bonds
accepted by Assistant Warrant Clerk
Greeley. The bondsmen were George
Monahan, bridge builder, 1746 Sanchez
street, and William Forster, bridge build
er, 100 Mateo street. Each qualified on
their residences, each being valued at
$2500, but in Monahan's case there is a
mortgage of $1200 on the property.
John Tuite, the striking longshoreman,
accused of robbing Fred E. Wehr, one of
Curtin's special officers, at the headquar
ters of the longshoremen at Fourth and
Berry streets September 1, was able to
prove an alibi to the satisfaction of Judge
Fritz yesterday and the case was dis
missed. About a dozen witnesses testi
fied that Tuite could not have been at the
headquarters of the union at the time of
the alleged robbery.
The case of Andrew Hagar, a striking
teamster, charged with battery upon W.
R. Van Brunt, a non-union teamster, was
dismissed by Judge Cabaniss yesterday.
Attorney Coffey, who appeared as special
prosecutor, said the complaining witness
could not be found, and without him a
conviction could not be secured. .
Maurice Pohalski. one of Curtin's spe
cial, officers, who was convicted by Judge
CaBaniss of disturbing the peace at
Stockton and Ellis streets Sunday after
noon, appeared for sentence yesterday.
As he had been in prison since, the Judge
fined him $20, with the alternative of five
days in jail. _"¦-.... - •
SLATE-MAKING BEGINS
IN UNION LABOR ' PARTY
Ex-Supervisor Britt Is Said to Be on
the Programme for the May
oralty Nomination.
, In the convention of the Union Labor
party there are several active wire-work
ers who graduated from Chris Buckley's
political academy. The convention was
adjourned for one week in order to give
the manipulators an opportunity to get in
their fine work. On the slate for Mayor
is - written the name of ex-Supervisor
Britt. Inside intelligence is to the effect
that he will win the nomination. A strong
pressure is exerted in favor of nominating
Richard" I. Whelan for Sheriff. There is
talk that Whelan may get the indorse
ment of the Democratic convention.
T/he Republican convention will meet
next Monday evening. The name of Nor
man W. Hall has been added to the list of
aspirants for the honor of chairmanship.
. The list of prospective candidates for
Mayor has been extended by the addition
of A. i Chesebrough's name. He served the
people -creditably as a member of the
State Board of Equalization, and is well
known as a capable Republican of good
business attainments.
« ? ¦ ¦
Builders' Contracts.
J. TV. Horn (owner) with R. O. Chandler
(contractor), architect .—All work for ad
ditions and alterations to two two-story frame
buildings at 191-M916 Buchanan street, E side;
$6367. •¦-•-
STAMPEDES HIS ASSAIL ANTS.
Must all efforts toward amelioration then
be given up in despair? Must the existing an
tagonism with all its accompanying unrest and
suffering continue? I do not believe it. How
then, you ask, will the reconciliation be
brought about? Upon what terms will peaca
be established? Not, I am sure, by perpetuat
ing the existing conditions of mutual distrust
and hatred. Not by capital continuing to oc
cupy its present attitude of taking unto itself
all the earnings of labor. leaving to the laborer
merely the means of bare existence. Not by
labor restricting by the power of its unions the
common rights of all who work, and attempt
ing by strikes, accompanied more or less by
violence, to enforce its demands. The remed"
must be sought through broader paths of
justice. It must be found in the peaceful and
orderly exercise of those powers which the con
stitution and the laws of the country confer
upon every man as an Inalienable attribute of
his citizenship. By legislation has every step
in the advance of the working classes been ac
complished and by law must all its future con
quests be achieved. The remedy Is in their
own hands. It is lawful, it is just, it is ef
ficacious, it is Irresistible. Upon their own
intelligence and virtue does its efficacy, depend.
" Under no form of tyranny can ths aspira
tions of humanity toward peace and happiness
be realized. And what guarantee can unified
labor afford that when it has reached to ths
height of the power of absolute dictation it
will not be as tyrannical as the trusts them
selves? ¦ s*
Speaking on the hypothesis that the
trusts must ultimately yield to the de
mands of united labor. Delmas asked.
"Will the millennium have arrived when
that epoch ia reached? Believe It not,"
he replied. Continuing, he said:
At the outset of the lecture Delmas de
fined the word "trust." He said it repre
sents a union of individuals acting: in con
cert under the form of a corporation for
the purpose of acquiring all or at least
sufficient to give them control of the
means and instruments of production and
distribution of a given branch of business
with a view to obtaining- thereby and,
turning to their own advantage the profits
of a monopoly.
Delmas was Introduced to the audience
by the Rev. J. P. Turner, acting rector
of the church. He was given a warm wel
come, and without any preliminary re
marks took up the discussion of the ques
tions of the day. Delmas discussed the
problem presented by the conflict between
unified labor and centralized capital. How
can this conflict be avoided and is there
any common ground upon which human
ity can meet and live in peace was a ques
tion which he answered in the affirmative.
He next discussed at length the attitude
which the forces placed in antagonism.
occupy. The speaker, gave evidence- of
having made an exhaustive examination
of the subject. He quoted from the works
of the foremost writers on economics and,
read pithy passages from articles written
by Charles M. Schwab and other trust
magnates.
D. M. Delmas, the well known attorney,
delivered a highly interesting lecture on
the "Combination of Labor and Capital**
before the Men's Club of the Cath«tral
Mission of the Good Samaritan last even
ing. The subject was exhaustively treat
ed by the speaker, and throughout the
reading of the brilliant paper his auditors
gave him the most earnest attention.
Says the Remedy for the
Present Conflict Is in
the Ballot.
Discusses the Rights of
Organized Labor
and Capital
DELMAS SPEAKS
ON ECONOMICS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THITRSp AY, SErTEMBE|l 12, 1901.
11
OCEAJT TBAVEL. '
Pacific Coast .Steamship Co.
*.'. "_. Steamers leave Broadway
gfc. Wharf, San Francisco:
tSWfeti, For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
HgSffiftfe, Sept. 13, IS, 23. 28. Oct. 3.
! it3*d3?*§?»» Change to company's steam-
I frffi g£g«Vy 5 ,'ers at Seattle.
: jEifciKi^ 'wil' For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
: fjEfcjftljfeggffif C.), Port Townsend, Seattle.
i £^^*8HBIsi Tacoma, Everett - and New
"WTiatcom (Wash.)— 11 a. m..
Sept. 13, 18. 23. 23. Oct. X
Change at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ;
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. ' P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m., Sept.
14. 19. 24. 29, Oct. 4.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California, Wednesdays, 9
a. in.
• For Los Angeles, calling at Santa .Cruz.
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport (*Corona only) — Steamer Co-
rona, Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonita, Tues-
days, 9 a. m. .
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose def
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Ilex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sallln?
without previous notices
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
G. R. & N.CO.
"COLUMBIA RIVER ROUTE."
Portland to all points East and In the North-
west. . ,
"Chicago-Portland Special."
Superior Servlce^ — Quick Tlme.
THE SHORT LINE TO
Walla Walla and Spokane, and the Baker City,
Lewiston. Coeur d'Alene and Boise City
Gold Mining Districts.
T>. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
AAAftnf a ff € Pa ™»- 3 * HM - »"•'
oceanicys.io. sgssss
S.S. VENTURA, for Honolulu,. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday. Sept. 12, 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
About Sept. B
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu
Saturday. Sept. 21. 2 x>. m.
4. D. SPRtCKELS k BROS. CO., Gsnsrai Agents, 327 Marks! ft
Sen'l Passengar Office, 643 Harfest St, Pier lo. 7. PasiSa St
PANAMA B. R. SK?
TO NEW YORK VIA/ PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S.S.Argyll sails Monday, Oct. 14
5. S. Leelanaw sails Thursday, Oct.' 24
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, Dec. 2
From Howard-street "Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenser Office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0HFAONIS GES2KALE TBANSATLANTIQUS
•DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <2*^fCrS>
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. <*WuSeS*
North River, foot of Morton street; *L*Aqui-
taine, September 19: La Bretagne, September
26; La Champagne. October 3; "La Savoie. Oc-
tober 10.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
At>A. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). Nev
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPO»£»
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing Iron; How-
ard 3,. Pier 10, 12 m.
COLOMBIA. ...Sept. MIAREQUIPA Oct. tJ
TUCAPEL Sept. Z$ (LIMARI. .... . . . .Oct. 2S
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South .American Dassenger- service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and ¦ passenger office. 315 California street..
. .BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Cen. Agents.
EAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamera'GBN. FRISBIE or MOflTICELW)
*9:45 a. m-. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. -Leaves Valleja
7 a. m., 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., -except Sunday.
Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50 -cents.
Telephone Main 1303. Landing and; <jf flee, pier
2, Misslon-st/doek. HATCH BROS. .
MOXEY TO LOAX.
'^Eklinii •«£" ln 6Ums t0 6alt - Clt y and
SS- --= * E£S£L
TA\WAvTn ties ; J eL R ed 5024. MANHAT-
J. A^ LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
A pL AMOCICT AT 6 PER CENT
1-iJrtJ,' i5 e^ J ? d and tnIrd mortgages
MortStS Int "t Et ln real «»te in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay... .
v*et my terms before doing business elsewhere
•-— R. McCOLGAN
«¦* Montgomery St.. room 3
H tt^££ ML : RPHy - m Examiner building-
$-.000,080 at €% or less in large turn.; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
*"*}* mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 6C3 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, undivided interests, secu-
rit.es. manufacturing, mercantile and timber
interests; corporation loans. R. 16. first floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY proposition; any amount: 6 per cent on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests; chat-
VV. etc. D. J. HALLORAN,
_ Adams building. 206 Kearny Et., room 314.
H J£? 1 i Y ' '""Pecteble. private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
et.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
P ace to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos and eealsklns at lowest rate of interest.
» Qrant ave.. near Market t-t. ; tel. Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 101 Grant/ave.. near
veary st.; phone Red 1603. ' . « >.-
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowet-t rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgagee at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
. Advances life insurance policies; Army and
V fflcers ' Balaries; accounts of bank books
J In liquidation bought. Apply 330 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON .furniture, pianos; no removal: money
¦quick: lowest interest: easv terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room €S.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watchts. jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
fclgheet price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
$25,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country; eee me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 3S7 Parrott building.
A— ON real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage;
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
Z% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room SI, 6 Eddy st.
t~yCLE HARRIS has retired from business.
THE TOCSLEY Company; loans and discounts.
S21 Parrott building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without eecur-
ity. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
OX salaries or wares: no indorser required! S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY, 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., SC9 Phelan bldg.
J100.000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome gt.. room 2.
MOXEY WASTED.
MONTY WANTED]
Wanted — $700 for Al security; good interest;
no scalpers needed. Box 252. Call office.
Ml'SICAL nSTRUMEXT^.
A. »DN"AN"zA^6^SN'AP^U^rfER&]
PIANOS.
; good upright, $53; 1 better. ?S5.
2 good grands. $175, $195.
-A S uprights. $135. $155. $189. $199. J19S.
~ Also Conover. Steinway. Weber, Vose. Curtax,
JOecker Bros., Pease. Standard, littia used.
ORGANS.
1 6-stop. $39; 1 7-stop. «4.
1 7-stop. $4S; 1 fine like new, $64.
1 2-manual. $75; 1 16-stop. Liszt style.
Mason 4e Hamlin. very fine, {150.
Easy payments. BENJ. CCRTAZ & SON,
16 O'Farrell st. Chickertng Agency.
14,000 Eq. feet: largest and oldest piano house.
ALL plane* purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY St
CO. may be exchanged for a. new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
2 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianoE. J6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $J, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Cteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets., San Francisco; corner Broadway asd
Thirteenth et.. Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole agents for famous and oldest Aireiicaa
makes, including Hallet-Davis; great - bar-
gain list, SoO up; Steinway. I1S5 up; Fischer.
310C; Chickerlcg. $165; 20 others, rents $2 up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary sL
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market si
OUR "special price" tale during the past
week has been a most wonderful one. Many
people have been surprised and delighted with
the bargains we have given them. You may
have just as good a chance if you'll come
now end let us tell you the price and show
you the goods. Seeing fe believing.
THE ZENO MACVAIS MUSIC CO.,
763 Market st.
ANY piano eold by un taken back any tim»
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to tray n. piano
from us. KOHLER £ CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
et.: established 1S50.
yiAJCOE — Steck. Everett. Hardman. Packard.
Uudwig and others; 20 different factories rep-
resented: wholesale and retalL THE 'WILET
B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. (opp. Mason);
branch store. Sol Broadway, Oakland.
ATTENTION. PIANO BUYERS!
Fohmer. Byron Mauzy. GaLler. Lester, Ham-
ilton and EDielman pianos to be had new
r only at BYRON MAUZY'S. 30S. S10. 312 Post.
GOOD second-hand piano cheap for cash; no
' dealers. SCHRODER. 105 Mason gt.
LEFT on sale— Novella upright, $37; Steinway
upright, S1GS. Room 28, 217 Geary st.
ABSOLUTE sacrifice — Fine large 3-pedal up-
right piano; leaving city. 770 O'Farrell st.
6TEINTVAY. $200; Hartman. $100; elegant new
pianos. $130 up. W. C Hamilton, 8 Flood bide.
' ELEGANT piano as good as new: standard
make: a sacrifice. Homung"*. 21S McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk eL. near Market—
Choninger. Schubert and Btelnway bargains.
$76 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE' S
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church et*.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $175.
BRUEXN. 208 Post et. ¦- • • .
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 660 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
GOOD s««cond-hand upright ftor sale cheap.
PTHMTTZ. 16 McAllister rt.
OIL.
OIL tanks, geoond-hand. ln good order: alt
«iz»*T cheap. H. 8. VVHITB. K1C Minion st.
PAINTERS AKD DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up: whitening done.
—Hartmann Paint Co.. 313 3d: tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
i MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading: lessoas given. 617 Jones st.
PHYSICIAAS AND SURGEONS..
UR c C. O'DOXXELL — Office and residence,
1C2H4" Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of tbe human body: see
testimonial* at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. "WONG WO, herb Ooctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay et.; see testimonials at office.
DR. jsa TOY KEE. 210 Stockton et.. opp.
Union gquare: all diseases cured by herbs.
~~~ PERSONALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy is guaranteed to re-
store tray and faded hair to natural color;
etop falling, cure dandruff, grow new hair;
not a dye; no etain. grease or oil. At drug-
«rlst£ hairdressers or our office. SS5 Geary st.,
g. jr." The Star Remedy Co.. phone Black 4895.
IF your hair Is falling or you tare bald, call
on DR. O. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.. and
you will not b* disappointed; this remedy is
positively guaranteed; preparation s«nt to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
WANTED— A rich young lady who Is the onlr
Vhild in family to wed a rich young man who
is al.o an ouV child. Box 137. Call
ELECTRIC light in every room— Wln^iester
Hotel 4« Third ct.. near Market: 700 rooms;
S5cto $1 60 per night; Jl 60 to $6 per week;
Iree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
11 WEEKLY— Suits te order from genuine
Scotch^ iis un- fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
rant overcoats $5 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market^^betwgnjeventh and Eighth.
CHEAP-One first'-claes Unlimited lady's ticket
from -San Francisco to Albuquerque, N. M.
Inquire 214 Pine £t.. Century Mercantile Co.
ijTURKIEH baths & scientific maesage given by
r *. Swedish nuree; ladies & gents. 234 Taylor
* et.. over fruit etore; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
GENTLEMAN wishes acquaintance of lady
worth $6000; zs&trlnicii}-. Box 2ifi, Call office.
PERSOXALS Continued.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer ln
carpet twine, in hank or • chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sotter St.
LADIES— Get free trial Dlxon's Hair Remover;
permanent. S35 Market: sample mailed 25c.
OBESITY cured : no dieting; no weakening. THB
A'VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia St.. bet. 18th and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. -
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $.7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor.. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders.. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
PEASL\G AND TURNING HILLS
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
REAL. ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
*~ ¦ '
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
GOOD NEWS FOR INVESTORS!
, We have wonderful bargains to offer.
$75. $100 to $350— Best ocean boulevard and
level lots near. Mission st. cars; $5 monthly.
£500 to SSOO — Graded and sewered, beautiful
Sunset lots; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office, Ninth ave., . near H
street. . • v
S400 to $S00— Richmond lots: 110 monthly.
$3200— Two-story residence, 9 rooms and
bath. Larkin st., near Union st. cars; 25z
105:9.
$1500 to $S000 — Elegant modern cottages,
Sunset and Richmond districts; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room 54, Chronicle building.
TWO choice corner funny lots ln Richmond; on
north side of the street: 6treet work all done;
not far out; cars pass; 2 other lines, the
Geary and the. Sutter st. extension, within a
few steps; 22:6x100 each; ready for building;
being corners, 4 flats can be built on each;
NE. cor. A st. and Seventh ave. .and
cor. A st. and Sixth ave.; $1500 each; examine
and submit offer; to be sold at once. W. J.
GUNN. 530 California st.
OWNERS of property or lots north of Valtejo
and west of Hyde as far as Presidio and in
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who want to sell, call on
. W. J. GUNN. 530 California St.. S. F. Sav-
ings Union building.
$6500— TERMS to suit; handsomely decorated
sunny 10-room residence; substantially built;
finished by day work; every possible late&l
impts.; heaters; 6 basins; plate and art glass
windows; marine and park view; choicest of
any near panhandle: large lot, 26:6x53x100.
Apply Fulton et.. near Shrader; Hayes or
McAllister street cars; open from 1 to S p. m.
EIX, seven and eight room cottages; also two
flat bouses in block between 17th. ISth. Castro
and Nee ets.: M. cash, balance monthly pay-
ments: Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
- CON. builder.
IF you want to sell your real estate, city or
countrj't bring It to
THE PHELPS-LEWIS CO..
702 Market St.. S. F.
REAL ESTATE — COUXTRY — For Sale
SPECIAL bargain— 160 acres land, near Tuba-
City. Sutter County,' short distance ' from
Marysvine; all rich valley land under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land will be eold in whole or in
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich, valley land; good
buildings; well fenced; short distance from
Tuba City. Sutter County: will te sold in
whole or tn part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated in the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be eeen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers -will address box 4980, Call office,
for information a bargain will be given..
FOR sale cheap— 10 acres, well fenced : has on it
400 French, 80 Imperial prune trees. 2 years
old; good 4-room cottage; good well, stable;
chicken houses and everything complete to
move in; also 12 acres with email house, large
barn, a never-failing spring of the best kind
of water: these 2 places are 40 miles from San
Francisco, near good R. R. town. In Santa
Clara Co.. and within 5 minutes' watk of pub-
lic 6chool; no better place in the country for
fruit or chicken raising; will be sold ver>'
cheap. Apply to Owner. 744 Fourth st., S. F.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to f90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ean Francisco- Is growing rapidly; ; location
beet for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California St., for pam-
phlets or Information.
HOG ranch to exchange for city property. Par-
ticulars apply 12 Vache St., off Crescent ave.
J2500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres: El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222, Call.
CHOICE fai-m bargains: call or send for list.
Wooster. Whitton & Montgomery, 634 Market,
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
tree list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
COTTAGE, « rooms. Park st., near station;
offer wanted.
House of 6 rooms, all modern; Cedar st,
near Clinton ave.; nearly new; modern; $2500.
10-room cottage, large grounds, near Park St.;
offer wanted; must be sold.
Two-story. -9-rooms, nearly new; Central ave.;
must be sold.
J550C— Two fine water front lots, near Mor-
ton, gt.; fine properties for exchange, improved
and unimproved.
E. D. JUDD & CO.,
1424 Park St.. Alameda.
BARGAINS; -improved 4 unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; cash. Bank of Ala.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2700— ORIGINAL COST $250k T~~"
Almost new 6-room house; all the latest. im-
¦ provements; lot 50x140; near business center
cars, schools, -etc.; in first-class condition in
every way; owner non-resident and must sell;
no reasonable i offer refused : first come . first
served. J. S. MYERS & CO.,
. 1002 Broadway, Oakland, CaL
$2500-CORNER LOT, A BEAUTIFUL COT-
TAGE OF 7 ROOMS. '
In the very choicest neighborhood in Oak-
land; owner moved to Los Angeles;- our • in-
structions are to. sell without reserve within
10 days; gee this property and make an offer
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland, CaL
$2300— COST TO BUILD HOUSE, $2500. :¦
Lot 40x120; 2-story 7-room house; first-class
condition: AI neighborhood; near. cars busi-
ness center; owner in Chicago and has tele-
graphed me to sell this property at the above
quoted price. J. S. MYERS & CO.
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$2500— A BANK sale; brand new, colonial style
8-room cottage, with porcelain bath; large
bathroom and everything first class in every
respect; lot about 60x150 feet; sunny front-
age; close to electric line In Piedmont: house
alone cost $3000 to build and is insured for
$2250; easy plan of payments will be ac-
cepted; look Into this at once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
Exclusive Agents for this property,
1008 • Broadway. Oakland.
$250 cash, $8 monthly; lot 43 40-100x403 feet;
grand chicken .run; 3-room cottage, chicken
house, eheds and all fenced; fine well of Al
water; large row of shade trees; near electric
car line and 90-foot boulevard and 3-story pub-
, lie grammar school; soil, climate and view
the very best; no fogs nor cold winds here;
price, all told, $675. Call or send for circular
455 7th st., opposite Broadway station. . Oak-
- land ;' carriage free. ' H. Z. JONES, owner.
OAKLAND FUEXITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Scbellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS. FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FULTON, 1206, near Scott— 3 sunny unfurnished
rooms.- bath, laundry; reference. . .
HAIGHT, 232— Five sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; must be seen to -be. appre-
ciated; reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 638 — Nicely furnished parlor
-suite; sink, gas range, bath, laundry.
MISSION, 1427B— Housekeeping rooms, with
bath. > .¦ '..
OAK, 119 — Two very . gunny rooms; range,
yard, bath, hot and cold water, 2' beds; $14.
POLK, 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap preference..
SIXTH, 242— 2. and 3 housekeeping rooms; also
other, rooms. . . . J
TURK. 525— Solar flats, fine. . new. . Chicago
style.; 3 and 5 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurnished and furnished; elec., hot water.
A' BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
eubecrlptlons has been established ' at 1095
.Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET Farn. and i'nfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 32TGrant ave.— Best *1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE,' 148 Sixth— Rooms,
26c to ?1 per night; Jl 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE. 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny:
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAUlster-st. cars. ¦
AT Shasta House. 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
..renovated; 25c to 75c. $1 to J3 week.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason St.— 100 newly fur-
nlshed rooms, Jl 50 per week up; elevator,
electric lights tn every room, return call bells;
first-class; quiet; central. ' ¦ .
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 1242— An elegant sunny parlor
suite; bay-window; gas fireplace; every ..con-
venience; finest location; private family;
gentlemen preferred. ¦
CLAY, 933, near Powell, third flat— 2 nice front
rooms ;i good view>of bay; couple gentlemen;
German family. x ••— •
CLEMENTINA. 434%, between Fifth and Sixth
— Furnished room in private family; $3 month.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 210 — Newly furnished single and double
rooms. $6 up; central" location.
EIGHTH, 126B— Pleasant front room, $6; also
back room, $4 50. .
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
euites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1137. bet. Van Ness & Franklin— Newly
furn. sunny rooms, en suite or single; bath.
HARRISON, 784^4, near 4th— Finely furnished
rooms; bath; all conveniences; homelike; Jl
week up. * .
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk-
. Et., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;,
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st cable cars to Turk 6t./
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)-Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; single rooms, $10 up.
MASON, 107— Sunny front rooms; newly fur-
nished: also, housekeeping rooms.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. ?1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms arid
- offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
RAUSCH. 19A— 2 unfurnished rooms and hall,
newly painted and papered; rent %5.
RESPECTABLE lady wanting nice sunny
room, rent reasonable, apply 1520 Pacific ave.
ROYAL House, 126 EIHb— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
?S; month, $S to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms wkh hot and cold water; baths.
6HERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth, St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON, SS2— Nice sunny clean suites and
elngle rrns.: run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
THE BERLIN, 2J1 Kearny— Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water; transient.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillrnpre st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ : -¦
ROOMS AND BOARD.
PLEASANT sunny room and board in private
family for 2 gentlemen; home cooking. 150S
Leavenworth st.
FIFTH. 119. top flat— Nicely furnished rooms
with board; $5 per week. • .
EDDY. 826 — Newly furnished rooms with board;
.pleasant; reasonable. "
California, 807— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
O'FARRELL. 605 (Johnson House)— Sunny con-
servatory suite;, splendid for gents; board.
PINE, 793 — Lovely "sunny rooms; excellent
, board; $20 to $30 per month.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished parlors,
all conv.. sunny suites; best table board. ¦
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
LADY wishes pleasant. sunny room. with
board, east of Larkin. south, of Bush. Ad-
dress Box 112, Call office.
TWO or three rooms; unfurnished, except car-
pets; board; couple; north Market. Box 177,
:Call office. ' ¦-- ""- - ¦-¦:
ROOaiS WASTED. ~~
BY Friday— Three furnished - rooms, complete
for' housekeeping; gas, bath and phone; not
to exceed- $15; central. Box 2R4, Call.
WANTED— Room this side of Van Ness, gen-
tleman. Jewish family; state price. Box 106,
Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel, -5380.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
Eultatlon free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.'
SEWIXG -MACHLVES A2VP SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; Jowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
• pairing; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
storage: and warehouses.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN "WEST Storage Warehouse. S40 MIs-
sion st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. "W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. ,
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture .Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 28L
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAtIbARGAINS IN^XYP^WRTTERS^V-e
sell better machines for less money than any
¦ house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS. -2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures.. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $.60; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
hutchinson" sugar plantation coi^
¦ Dividend notice— Dividend No. 95 (twelve and
one-half cents per chare) will be payable at
the office of the company, 327 Market St., on
and after Friday, September 20, .1901. Trans-
• fer books close Saturday, September 14, 1901,
at 12 o'clock m. H. W. THOMAS, Sec.
1 PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALSforClothing and Equipage, Depot
. Quartermaster's Oflice. 36 New Montgomery
et.. San Francisco, Cal., September 9, 1901—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
' ceived at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.,
Wednesday. September 25, 1901. Pacific Stand-
ard Time, and then opened, for furnishing
Black Hats for Prisoners, Unbleached- Drill-
ing, Unbleached Muslin, Unbleached Duck,
Canton Flannel, Naphtaline, Hoop Iron, Seal-
Ing Wax, Petroleum Paper, Wrapping Paper,
. S. B. Kersey. Proposals for less quantities
than advertised for will be entertained. Early
deliveries are essential. Bidders must state
. in their proposals the rate. and time of de-
livery should contract be awarded to them.
Preference will be given to articles ; of do-
mestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (In-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such
preference will be given to articles of Ameri-
can production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the- extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blanks for propo-
sals will be furnished on application. . En-
velopes containing proposals will be indorsed,'
' "Proposals No. 8096, C. and E.," and ad-
dressed to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG, Quar-
'. termaster, U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for. Transport Service Clothing,
Depot' Quartermaster's Office. 36 New Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco, Cal.; September
9. 1901 — Sealed proposals, In triplicate, will be'
received at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.,
Wednesday, September 25. .1901, Pacific Stand-
ard Time, * and - then opened, for furnishing
D. B. Cloth Caps, White Duck Caps. Cap
Ribbons.- Dungaree Coats. Dungaree Trousers,
• Working Jumpers, Working Trousers, White -
_ Duck Jackets. Lanyards, Silk Neckerchiefs,
Black Overshirts, White Duck Trousers, D.
B.'. Trousers. ¦ Proposals for less ¦ quantities
than advertised for will be entertained. Early
deliveries are essential. Bidders must state in
their proposals the rate and time of delivery
should contract be awarded to them. " Prefer-
ence will : be 'given to articles of domestic pro-
duction and'manufacture, conditions of price
. and .quality, being equal (including. In the
price of forfelgn production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and such preference will
be given to articles of American production
and manufacture ..produced on the Pacific
" Coast, , to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public service' t there. t The
United States reserves the right to accept or.
-reject any or all. proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will -be indorsed. , "Proposals
No. £096. T. S. C.," and addressed. to MAJOR
; OSCAR F. LONG.' Quartermaster,-. U.".: S.
Army, Depot Quartermaster." ' ;*:•
notice: to creditors.
NOTic1£rTO^REDYTOR~^
the estate of EDWARD HARMON SHEL-
DON, deceased: . . ....
I . Notice Is hereby given to the creditors of.
and all persons having claims against the above '
nanied deceased, to present them within ten :
(10) months after, the date of this notice to the
County Clerk of the city "and county of. San
Francisco. State of California, at his office in
tho city and county of San Francisco. •->-•-. i
Dated August 12. 1901.. WM..A. DEANE,
Clerk. By V. F. NORTHROP, Deputy, Clerk.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. V
The following marriage ¦ licenses were • Issued
yesterday: , . - , . ; ;.
'Arthur Glass, '25,' 753 Eddy street, and Mir-
iam Morris. 21, 753 Eddy street. ... •
'Bernard V. Clements, 27, Los Angeles, • and
Marguerite G. Lyons, 25, city. ..
Karl \V. - Brown," 29, Fresno, and Hannah S.
Hambly, 22, Fresno. ¦
Albert H. Argetsinger, 38, Redding, and Mat-
tie Alexander, 3S. Redding.-' • -"..-• •- . . ' -
Vincent M. Bogdan, 29, 113 Lexington avenue,
and Ella Petrusich, 26,' 2122 Mission street. :
Thomas J. Rowland, 35, city, and Bertha A.
Rowland, 28, city. , . ., ¦'-=..•'
James J. Cochrane, 34.' Tucson, Ariz., and
Louise E. Evans. 24. city. ¦ • . . . . -. . ¦"
, Emile S. Lemme, 38, 204 Hickory avenue, and
Alberta Eskew, 29, 204 Hickory avenue.-
James M. Gore. 25, 1266 Union street, ana
Stella C. Baccus. 20. 627 O'Farrell street: .
Julius B. Charpie, 3S, 7 Guerrero street, and
Hortense Bdule, 33, 7 Guerrero street. ¦
Everett E. Allen, 21, 802 Hayes street, and
Grace M. Barnum, IS, 412 Laguna street. •
Carlton M. Cornwell, 26, 421 Ellis street, and
Mary A. Riordan, 21, Napa. - ¦
Arthur B. Rice. 4S, 905 -Market street, and
Anna Potter. 37, 235^4 Minna street. ¦¦¦•
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES-^DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices «ent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the' name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the came published.
BORN. '
BENEDICT— In Alameda, September li;' 1301,
to the wife' of .W. E. Benedict, a daughter.
O'CONNOR— In this city. August .25, 1901. to
the wife of James F. .O'Connor, .a daughter.
FOSS— In Berkeley, September 7, 1901, to the
wife of F. W. Voss, a daughter. . .
DIES. ~ r ~~~~~
Belden, Nancy A. Maguire, Lawrence
Boscacci, «Emil J. Murphy, Thomai F.
Cameron, Mary O'Connell, Helen''
Duffy, Thomas 'Peguillan. Cecilia
Flick. Carl W. Pollard, Clifford G.
Gerding. Lizetta Powell. William ' J. :
Hahn, Theresa Robinson, William G,
Heln. Mrs. Ann Russi, Wilhelm L.
Hutchinson. Prenties Remillard. Joseoh P.'
Jensen. Clara ' R. Stanley, C. Mortimer
Johnson. OUf Stock, Marsruerlte R.
Kelley, , Mary J. . Shea, William - -
¦ Lynch. Johanna ¦ Strandberg, Oscar
McDonald, Ann Welton, Charles H.
McGuire. \ Margaret . -,v " .- '
BELDEN— In this city. September 11, 1901.
Nancy A. Belden, beloved mother of Charles
C. Belden of- Santa Rosa,, a native of War-
ren, Ohio, aged 76 years.
ETThe funeral services will be held to-
day (Thursday), -at 1:30 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of H. H. .Luse, 18 Essex street, be-
tween Folsom and Harrison. Interment at .
Santa Rosa.-
BOSCACCI-In this city, September 10. 1901.
Emil J> Boscacci, beloved brother of Celeste
Melisi. a native of Bogno, Switzerland, aged
-8 years 10 months and 8 days.
ItyFriends are requested to attend the fu-
. neral at Garibaldi Hall, . 423 Broadway, to-
day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, under the aus-
pices of I. O. O. F., M. W. No. 7189 and
Monadnock Tribe No. 100, Imp. O. R. M. In-'
terment Laurel Hill. Cemetery. • :
CAMERON— In this city, September 10, 1901.
Mary Cameron, a member "of Lincoln Relief
Corps No. 3. G. A. R., a native of Madison
County, New York, aged 67 years. '
ET?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Funeral under the auspices of, Lincoln Relief
Corps No. 3, G. A. R. Interment Masonic !
Cemetery. ,¦ • ,-
DUFFY— In this city, September 10. 1901,
Thomas, beloved husband of Ann Duffy, and
father of Patrick I. and Thomas F. Duffy,
a native of County Louth. Ireland, aged 61
years. . . . -
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2719 Mariposa street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church," Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
FLICK— In Santa Rosa, P. I., July 3, 1901,
Carl W. Flick, First Sergeant, Battery O,
Third Artillery. U. SJ A., beloved husband
of Minnie E. Flick, a native of Stuttgart, '
Germany, aged 34 years 11 months and 29
days. ,
GERDING— In this city, September 11. 1901.
Lizetta Gerdinier, dearly beloved-vwife of the
late Henry Gerding. and beloved mother of
Henry J. Gerding, Mrs. H.. Partmann, Mrs.
B. Salmon, Mrs. W. Desmond, Mrs. '"Jere-
miah Lucy and Mrs. L. Hardenberg, a na-
tive of Hanover, Germany, aged 64 years and
18 days. A member of the Third Order of St.
Francis and Christliche Mutter Vferein.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the runeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz -Undertaking Company,
. 1209 Mission street, thence to St. • Boniface's
Church, . Golden Gate avenue, near Jones
street, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be . celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 8:13 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ' : ¦ • " • '
HAHN— In this city, September 10. ¦' 1901.
Theresa, widow of August Hahn, and sister
of Anton and : Joseph Lalb, Mrs. George
Hotte and Mrs. Anton Bantley, a native of
Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 67 years 1
month and 21 days.r. - . * , ¦ ;
ICy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday),. at 2 o'clock, from, her late- resi-
dence. 1617 Sutter street,- between Octavia
and Laguna, and thence to Odd Fellows'
Cemetery, for.. cremation. ., .". .
HEIN— In this city, at her daughter's resi-
dence, Mrs. Ann Burke Heln.' mother of Mrs.
Adam Loh and J. CV Burke, a native of Ire-
land. S', '"'¦..".
(EX The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock,- from the parlors of
Valente. Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
between Union -and Green.- .
HUTCHINSON— August 25. 1901, Prentiss
Childrtss Hutchinson. beloved ¦¦ son of -T. R.
and 'Anna Chlldresa Hutchinson. and brother
of Mrs. . E. C. Peixotto, ..Mrs. . William B.
; Prlngle, Mrs. Bernard Ransome and Dwight
Hutchinson, a. native of Sam Francisco, 'aged
32 years 4 months and 9 days. (New Orleans
papers please copy.).- -' . .:._¦
(ry Funeral services private to-day (Thurs-
day), at 3:30 o'clock, at- his late residence.
JENSEN— In Beulah, September 9, 1901, Clara
Reta Jensen, beloved daughter of- Johanna
Jensen, a native of Utah, aged 17 years.-
JOHNSON— In this - city, , September 10, 1901,'
Ollf, beloved son of Merrle and Olif Johnson/
a native of California, aged 4 years.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are resnect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 9 Freelon street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. '. - ¦
KELLEY— In thi« city, September 11, 1901, at
her residence. 659 Minna street, Mary Jane.
. beloved daughter, of Alicia and the late John
Kelley, and slsfer of John and the late Ali-
cia Kelley and the late Mrs. -Annie Cahlll, a
native of Salem, Mass. -.- , • . •
Ity Notice of funeral hereafter. . ...
LYNCH— In this city, September 10. 1901, Jo-
hanna, wife of P. B. Lynch. • and mother of
Mary T. and Joseph A. ¦ Lynch, a native of
Ireland, aged- 70 years.' .. -.-.:.. :-.,\
< CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday) morning, from the residence, 1104
Gough street. A solemn i requiem mass will
be offered at St. Mary's Cathedral for the re- .
pose of her soul at 10 o'clock. / :
McDONALD— In this city, September 10, • 1901.
Ann McDonald, beloved wife of Robert Mc-
Donald, a native of Ireland, aged 84 years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from. the parlors
of Charles j'-J." B. Metzler, . 636 - Washington
street, thence to St. Mary's Church, north-
' east corner California: and ' Duriont streets,
where a low mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock
sharp. Interment Mount Calvary, Cemetery. ¦
McGUIRE— In this city, September 11, 1901,
Margaret, beloved wife of Thomas McGuire. •
" *nd mother of John and Thomas McGuire, a
native of, County Louth, Ireland,,- aged 62
years. ¦- ' • ' •
E7"Frienas and' acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son. Thomas McGuire, 39 Dame street,
. oft : Thirtieth, thence to St. Paul's Church,'
where a requiem high mass will . be • cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
HENRY, J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. -..-,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
. 20 Fifth «t.. opposite Lincoln- School. :..--"¦
, , • Telephone South 80. ::.: ' ¦
- - - ' ' ¦' ¦ ' - m '¦' ¦ ..
Mt.; Olivet Cemetery,
San i Mateo . County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
,;¦ J. HENDERSON, ', Mahager." >
Eugene : McGinn. . McGINNBROS
- - Funeral ' Directors and Embalmers.
31 EDDY. STREET. ,: .
Telephone South" 252. , , San' Francisco. '
Any Other House. '
NEW FIRM OF; UNDERTAKERS. S
Samuel McFadden, - 18 years • manager * for
the United- Undertakers'- Association: M.
J.' McBrearty, with the : same company for
10 years; P. F. Green, late ; with -J." C.'
O'Connor ' & Co.. have opened new Funeral
Parlors at 1171 Mission street,. between Sev-
enth * and * Eighth. Telephone South 44. v v
Ine at 10 o'clock. Interment' Holy' Cross
'.Cemetery. * . •. : .
MAGUIRE— In Pinole, September 10, 1901, Law-
renc»>MaKuire, a native of Dublin. Ireland,
affed 56 years. - •• :.,.;'¦ -.
- in?" The - funeral of the late Lawrence Ma-
; culre .will take Place from Foresters' /Hall,
Pinole, to-day (Thursday), upon the arrival
of 10:08 train for Martinez. Services will be v
.' held In St. Catherine's Church, Martinez, im-
mediately after: arrival -of train. Interment
Catholic Cemetery. Martinez. Friends and
'.acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
"tend.'- . - ¦ • . >»-
MURPHT-In i r this city. September 'IV 1901,
Thomas F. MurphyT a native of Saa Fran-
, Cisco, aged 29 years and 3 months. ;
" ICFuneral to-morrow (Friday), at 9 o'clock,
from bis late residence. 1322 Pierce street,
thence to Holy Cross Church, where a re-
: qulem-hisrh mass will be celebrated for the
•,• repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
¦ , Interment private, Mount- Calvary Cemetery-
O'CONNELL— In this city, September 11, 1901,
•- H*len, beloved wife -of Cornelius O'Connell,
a native of Lisecarroll, County Cork, Ire-
¦-land, aged 56 years. . ¦ '¦ ~t.-.-
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
" fully invited to attend the funeral • to-morrow
. (Friday), -at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1266 Church street, thence to St. Paul's
. Church, where a solemn requiem ¦ mass will
' be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. v Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PEQU1LLAN— Drowned at Tiburon, September
.10. 1901, Cecilia, beloved daughter of Emil
' t and Mary: Peguillan. and v sister of Willie
Peguillan. a' native of San Francisco, aged
5 years 1 month . and 2 days. , ¦
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
* fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
, (Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 1124V4 Folsom - street, between
. Seventh and Eighth. 1 Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
POLLARD— In this city. September 11, 1903.
Clifford . G., beloved son of Arthur ¦ M. and
Alice V. Pollard, and brother ot Loretta Pol-
lard, a native of San Francisco, aged 5 years
D months and 29 days.""
POWELL-ln this city, September 9, 1901. Wil-
liam J.. beloved husband of Nellie T. Powell,
son of Mr. and Mrs. Crawell, and brother of
Mrs. Louie A. r>errlck, a native of Michigan.
aged 35 years 4 months and . 4 days.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
, (Thursday), at - 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery,- Oak-
land. - ¦ - '
REMILLARD— In Oakland, September 11, 1901,
Joseph. P. Remillard, husband of Matilda
Remillard, father of Marie, and son of Mrs.
. H. Remillard. a native of Canada, aged 42
years 7 months and 24 days. •
JC?"FrIends' are sespectfully Invited to at-
.. tend the funeral services to-morrow (Friday),
af 9 o'clock, at the Church of the Immacu-
'. late Concentlon.' Interment private in St.
Mary's Cemetery. Omit flowers.
ROBINSON— In Malabang, P. I., May 30, 1901,
William G., beloved son of Tames M. and
Margaret A. Robinson, and brother of Robert
J., James J.. Milton B. and Ada M. Robin-
• son, a native of San Francisco, aged 2C
years 7 months and 27 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from Holy Inno-
cents' Chanel, Fair Oaks street, between
- Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth. Remains at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first, until S:30 a. m. to-day. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
RUSSI— In ' this city, September 10. 1901, Wil-'
helm Ludwle Russi, youngest and beloved
son of Wilhelm and Rosa Russi, and brother
of Edward. Fred and - Joseph Wettstein, a
native of San Francisco, aged 3 months and
- 17 days.
tcyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at. 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 114 Porter avenue, off
Mission road, near Six-Mile Houia. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
SHEA— In this city, September 11, 1901, Wil-
liam, dearly beloved husband' of Catherine
Shea, and loving father of William. - Ed-
ward and Frank Shea and Mrs. A. Werner,
a native of County Cork. Ireland, aged , 53
years 8 months and 8 days. (Connecticut
and Vallejo, Cal., papers please copy.)
03^ Notice of funeral hereafter.
STANLEY— In this city, September 9, 1901, C.
Mortimer, dearly beloved son of Florence and
the late C. L. Stanley, a native of Chicago,
aged 24 years 7 months and 11 days.
. BiyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
¦Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. - = *- •
STOCK— In this city, ' September 10, 1901. Mar-
guerite Rose Stock (nee Jacob), beloved wife
of Sol M. Stock, mother of Lloyd S. Stock,
daughter of Emile and Leontine Jacob, and
sister . of Lucile, Rsglna, Henry and Andrew
Jacob, a niitlve of .France, aged 34 years.
(Portland and Salem, Or., papers please
copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2116 Post street, between Pierce and
Scott. 'Interment Home of Peace Cemetery,
via 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
ETRANDBERG— In this city, September 11,
1901, Oscar StrandberK, a native of Sweden,
-aged 24 years. .
CyRemains at the chapel of the Gold«n
Gate Undertaking Comnany. 2479 Mission
street, near Twenty-first. Funeral notice
hereafter. ,
WELTON— In Oakland, Sectember 15. 1901,
.Charles H.,.son of W. B. and Alice Welton,
a native of Grasa ¦ Valley, aged 2 years 2
months and 4 days. •
• s ' . ~
Florist Co.
V - y ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .\
107 POWELL SLnmrELLIS TSSf. 5056
AJDVERTISEMENTS. _ -«
V\^r%* i ]f3
W- /GARDEN GROWN jl
Ceylon Tea
• Packed for export trade by the grow-
ers at their estates in Ceylon.
First Shipment— New Crop^— Just in.
Finest Ceylon tea imported — in orig-
inal lead packages. Put. up at the
gardens in one and one-half pound packets.
XX Pekoe Souchong 6oc lb.
I teaspoon ful makes 1% caps.
XXX Flowery Pekoe 8oc lb.
I teaspoonml makes lK cups.
XXXX Gold Tip Pekoe lb.
I teapoonfhl makes i caps.
The appreciative lover of the CUP THAT CHEERS
is most earnestly requested to try this famous tea.
Serve afternoons $i Villarosa Ceylon made in the
Trilby Infaser Tea Pot.
5-pound lots sent free ioo miles.
1143 Market St., bet. 7 & 8. Telphbne Mint 761
OCEAN TBAVEI/.
AMERICAN LINE.
KZW T0BK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABI3.
¦ Stooping at Cherbourg, . westbound.
1 From New York Wednesdays, -at lft a. m.
St. Paul ....Sept. 15 Philadelphia ....Oct. 2
Haverford Sept. 21 St. Paul Oct. 9
St.- Louis Sept. 25 St. louis Oct. IS
RED STAR LINE.
': - New York and Antwerp.
¦-'"From* New York -Wednesdays,* at 12 noon.
Kensington Sept. 1! I South wark .. — Oct. 9
•Zeeland .......Sept. 25 'Vaderland Oct. 16
Friesland ...'..'...Oct.' 2| Kensington ......Oct. 23
• 'Stop at Cherbourg, east bound.
INTERNATIONAL, NAVIGATION CO..
- - . .. / CHAS. D..TAYL.OR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.»
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai , and
connecting at Hongkong . with steamers for
India.' etc. : No cargo received on board on
day of sailing. • • - -- ¦ ' '
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday,. September 27, 1301
SS. AMERICA. MARU....... ............
Wednesday, October 23, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU.V :......•„.. *
- • .;.r Saturday, November 16. 1901
.'Round-trip '.tickets at reduced rates.' For
freight and passage apply at company's oflice,
421 Market street, corner First." ». ••¦ >.
W. H. AVERY. General AeenLPlans for a Combine.
"The price of handling grain in Port
Costa has already been increased 20 per
cent," he said. "The farmers have to
stand this advance. Besides, the work is
progressing slowly. Along the banks of
the river grain. is piled up and millions
of sacks are awaiting transportation.. If
we should ship apart of it now the barges
would be tied up at the Port Costa docks,
as the men there can move only a limited
quantity at a time and the rest would
have to run the chances of rain. Contra
Costa County has no fund wherewith to
pay deputy sheriffs, and although a num
ber are paid by the big grain shippers
they are inadequate to afford sufficient
protection. There are plenty of men in
the fields who would go there and load
and unload the grain if they were afford
ed sufficient protection." -
voked to prevent, loss to the farmer, and,
through the, farmer, to the State?
. If the farmer, cannot market, his grain
. how is he to pay his taxes?" is a question
each one is asking. The answer invariably
comes, "Let the State furnish the neces
sary protection, no matter what shape It
may take, or we will have to furnish the
protection for ourselves." . -• ;
A. Hochheimer of Hochheimer Bros, of
Willows came up from San Francisco to
night and his report on the conditions in
the metropolis only made the farmers
more determined upon the one course that
seems possible at the present time.
' LEADERS IN THE MOVEMENT
. FOR A COMBINE OF WHEAT
' GROWERS.
The main proposition being discussed
ibout the hotel corridors is: How far can
he aid of the State government be in-
Attorney Edward R. Shirran was the
victim of an assault and robbery about 3
o'clDck yesterday afternoon at the corner
of Dur.bar alley and Merchant street, ad
joining the Central police station.
Shirran had been at the Hall of Justice
attending to some business and was walk
ing along Merchant street to Montgomery
when he *as accosted hy two men at the
corner of the alley. They asked him to
give tbem a drink, but lie said he was not
in the habit of drinking with strangers.
One of them put his hands on Shirran' s
ehouliitrs in a familiar way and drew his
hands down until he reached the lawyer's
vest pockets.
Shirran resented the man's familiarity
but before he could get away from him
the stranger abstracted about S3 in silver
which was in ore 'of the attornev's vest
pockets. The silver had jingled when the
man e hand came in contact with the
pocket.
cK« Here * wh^ are you <*oing?" demanded
v rr ?. n^ P he nade a era* for the rob
ber. Take that." was the retort, and he
was struck a violent blow on the mouth
k?«rfc^ii hIl U llp severe »y nearly
knocked him dewn. The two men then
ran down Merchant street.
Shirran reported the assault and rob-
The Devotos are well known in this city
James. Devoto being a prominent attorney!
Dr. Perrone is equally well known, having
practiced his profession here for years
bery at. the Central police station, but by
that time the two robbers had disap
peared. , The lawyer- was able to give a
good description of them and says he will
swear out warrants for their aVrest this
morning. He went to a doctor on Kearny
street and had five stitches put in the
wound on his lip.
The suit filed yesterday is an outgrowth
of former litigation. The complaint in the
first suit alleged that the death of Lillian
Devoto was due to the criminal neglect
and willful carelessness of Dr. Perrone
Although the case was dismissed on the
motion of the plaintiffs Dr. Perrone claims
that his reputation has been damaged to
the extent of the sum named in his com
plaint.
Dr. Osea Perrone entered suit for $10,250
damages yesterday against Antonio De
voto. Caterina Devoto and James Devoto,
claiming that they had damaged him to
that extent by suing him some months
ago for damages for the death of Lillian
Devoto, whom he had treated.
Claims His Reputation
Has Been Seriously
Damaged.
Edward R. Shirran Held
Up in Broad Day- -
light.
PHYSICIAN SUES
DEVOTO FAMILY
DARING ROBBERY
OF AN ATTORNEY
; A motion to^dfsniiss the suit commenced
by'thie 'city- against Mth'e; Pacific'- Telephone
and- Telegraph Company was 'made yes-
Telephone Company's Case Continued
STRIKES POLICEM AX WITH ROCK.—Wil
liam- Brooks, a ; soldier, was held ' to answer
before the ' Superior Court by ¦¦ Judge CabanUs
yesterday on a charge of assault with a. deadly
weapon for striking Policeman, J/ B.- Cava
naugh.on the arm .with' a rock on' the night
Of •August' 31.; . " - • ;,->¦
• Mrs. -M. A. Keyser. an old'friend of Mrs.
Calef; ; who was over -90 > years of- age at
the time of her death, -testified yesterday
as .to, the. high: manner., in which .the' old
lady always spoke, of her grandniece. ;•
The will of Mrs. Henrietta S. Calef.
which is being contested -by Miss Mabel
Cootey, a grandniece of the decedent, was
partly '• heard . before | J idge j Coff ey yester
day/ In the will, which, was executed
seven ; ' years .before , the death of Mrs.
Calef, the bulk of the property was left to.
Mrs. Mary; B. Crouch of ¦ Napa : and her
Iwo children, Edgar Crouch and Mabel
Tickell. .A codicil, executed in 1899, gave
to them : an additional $5000. , Miss Coote v "
dissatisfied', with ; the . terms \ f of: the ' will,
seeks to have.it broken on the ground that
Mrs. . Calef was unduly , influenced at . the
time • she executed v the document. ? The
estate is valued at '$60,000. and. under - the
terms - of the will the contestant : receives
$10,000. j r ' , - . " '.:.--
MISS COOTE Y WANTS : : -
LARGER SHARE OF ESTATE
Contests the Will of Her Grandaunt.
/ Mrs. ¦-. Henrietta : S.
- ,'Calef. ; ,:.
Liabilitieb— Capital paid in .coin, $49,883,
034 76; ' reserve fund - and profit and • loss. . $37,
915.179 f.3; due depositors.- $313.18S.82S S7; - due
banks and bankers, $14,427,298 51: State, city
and county money, $378.0S5 32; other liabilities,
$13,129,454 16; total liabilities,- 1428,923,881 03.
Resources— Bank Dsemises, $7,440,415 41; other
real estate. {1S.137.S24 55; stocks and bonds,
$93,609,295 06: loans on real estate,-, J107.S68.212 78;
loans on stocks," bonds • and warrants, 1 J32.542,
33S 82; loans on other securities, • $8,960,009 65;
loans on' personal securities, $78,030,510 24;
mor«-y on hand. $31,406,736 62; due from banks
and bankers. $43,431,744 78; other-assets, $5,436,
783 18; total resources, {42S.923.881 09. '
Reports Show Unparalleled Increase
in Assets and Deposits ¦ During'/.. :
. ; W the Last Year. •; 'V ¦ ; :
Reports as to the financial condition of
the 299 State, private and national banks
of California received by the Board ot
Bank Commissioners yesterday show a
prosperity which has never been equaled
in the history of- the State. The net gain
in assets during the last year is $43,621,
596 08 and in deposits $33,350,739 46.
The statement as to resources " and lia
bilities is as follows: '
SACRAMENTO, , Sept. , 11.— The State
Dairymen's Association met this morning
in the Senate chamber and was* called to
order by ex-Senator William Johnston,
the president. Samuel E. Watson was
secretary. Judge Peter J. Shields deliv
ered an address of welcome to the mem
bers Mrs. Roussel*responded.
President Johnston then delivered his
address, which bristled : with 'important'
and interesting statistics concerning- the
industry. C. G. Hill spoke in relation to
methods of conducting the competition in
dairy products.
. In -.the afternoon Judge Shields was'
unanimously elected president and Samuel
E. Watson secretary. It was decided to
meet in San . Francisco within the. next
two- months, when three, committees of
two members each- will be appointed, one'
to bring about a large exhibit- of dairy
cattle at the next State fair; the second
to produce a large and complete exhibit
of dairy machinery and the third to en
deavor, to obtain the largest -exhibit of
dairy products, ever shown in California.
Judge Shields Is Elected President of
:.. the Association.
SESSION OF THE DAIRYMEN.
It is proposed, as far as the details had
been worked out up to -midnight, to have
Will S. Green call the . meeting to order
E. Wright,, secretary of- the Sacramento
Valley Association, will have the arrange
and select Senator Smith as chairman. F.
ments of the details Jn hand. ,; y : ¦ • .
BANKS OF CALIFORNIA
IN PROSPEROUS CONDITION
State Must Give Protection.
So far the extreme northern portions of
the Sacramento Valley are- represented.
The remainder will arrive on the morning
trains. Those here farm an immense acre
age, more than 300,000 acres being already
represented. • . ¦ ' ; ¦ : , . - ; ¦ '
One of the most important conferences
of the grain growers of California will be'
held in the courthouse here at 1:30 o'clock
to-morrow. Means will then be taken to
put an end to the blockade at Port Costa
and elsewhere. The meeting was called
at the instance of the Sacramento,,,Val
ley Development Association, and an in
vitation has been extended the San Joa
quin Valley Commercial Association, of
which Hon. C. S. Smith of Kern County
is president. Telegrams from Senator
Smith indicate a large attendance. ',:¦¦ ¦¦
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 11— "As to
the strike, from the interviews
I have had . with farmers and
handlers of grain, their tem
pers are such that they, will ask the :
Governor to send a company of State
militia to Port Costa by Monday,
next, and if he refuses, they, the far-:
mers of California, will be there with
their shotguns and rifles before Tues-'
day next to see that their grain, now
lying unprotected in the fields, is sent
down and loaded on the waiting
ships. No farmer, they say, can af
ford to see the whole crop of a year
destroyed, as is now threatened by n
lot of irresponsible strike leaders."
Thus spoke Will S. Green,' president of
the Sacramento Valley Development As
sociation, to a number of \ the largest
farmers of the State on his arrival from
San Francisco to-night. And . Green's
words were commended by every one
present, many of whom after years of
toil find it impossible to get their grain
to tidewater and tee financial ruin staring
them in the face. ,
Among the largest grain farmers here
at present are: James Hart, William
Kelly or Princeton. James Boyd P R
Garnetl, Willows; Vincent Click, Orland;
William Howell, Jesse Poundstone, H D
Strother. J. H. Balsdon. H. R. Pound
stone, W. H.' Stapp, Grand Island; John
F.. Able, Williams; F. C. Lusk, Chk-o;
John Shepy, P. Peterson. Sites; J. H
Glide, Maxwell; Herman Schutz, Av
buckle; S. G. Little. H. E. McCune. Dixon,
and Henry Jameson, John Browning an'l
DukeMcVey, whose farms lie in Colusa,
Glenn and Yolo counties.
While the farmers are engaged in mak
ing the necessary investigations for a
change, these two associations, represent
ing the majority, of the grain, growers of
the State, have called the meeting for
consultation. No definite plan- has yet
been prepared for consideration, but it is
much easier for ail the farmers of the
State to put their, wheat together and
have it handled and sold by .a board of
direstors than it is* for the -growers of
either prunes or raisins to do so., There
are but three grades of grain that are
marketable, hence all grain can be put
into three bins, which cannot be done
with either prunes or raisins. If the banks
or the State could be Induced to loan
money on the association's certificate-*,
such an association would be entirely
practicable." ¦ • :
Sacramento Wheat-Growers'- Convention Will Ask Governor to Send Militia to
| Port Costa and Give Warning Tliat If He Refuses the Request They
Will Themselves Go There With Rifles to Protect Shipping of Crops
FARMERS DEMAND THAT STATE ACT
TO PUT AN END TO GRAIN BLOCKADE
THE SAlf , FK ANCISCO CAXL, ; THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1901.
Another subject that is \ of great con
cern Is the weather. A continuance of
the present dry spell till the first of Octo
ber, coupled with the determination of
the farmers, would materially relieve the
blockade, but this is a contingency that
none cares to rest upon.
Yet another proposition ' that will be
glven^consideration-is the formation of a
farmers' exchange, " by which the . three
grades of marketable grain can be ex
peditlously handled. Speaking of this
project President Green said:
"The conditions in the valleys are such
that a permanent organization of farmers
is necessitated, with powers to handle
conditions as they arise. The present
price of grain, taking into consideration
Interest on the investment, wear and tear
of machinery, etc., has now reached a
point below the cost of production for the
average farmer. It is entirely impossible
to change the products of a county in one
year or in a decade; hence the necessity
has arisen for the farmer to see if some
thing cannot be done to bolster up the
industry.
12
SPEGIALS
58 Q/-» WOMEN'S GERMAN FLAN-
o "y NEL .UNDERSKIRTS; colors of
solid pink, blue and- cream; sold else-
• where 75c. ': '\ • '\\ -
7 Sir WOMEN'S . FLANNELETTE
, * ow WRAPPERS; sizes 32 to 44; regu-
. lar price Jfil.OO. v . .
{iPZr* Instead of ?1.OO for WOMEN'S
""v ALlrWOOL -^E I D E RD OWN
I SACQUES ; trimmed with an edging of
. nand-crocheted worsted. ' . ; .
A Q/-' For a WOMEN'S BEST MUSLIN
TO«w GOWNS; yoke trimmed with tucks
¦ and two rows of embroidery- Insertion; sold
elsewhere 75c. . . . . • . ...
¦4fip (Instead of 73c for CHILDREN'S
at OV. PERCALE DRESSES ;JM all ! size's: '
, yoke, neck and sleeves trimmed with linen
•^lace; lleht-.and .dark -colors. •
''Sil Rft For! WOMEN'S FRENCH
.O I •OVF FLANNEL j WAISTS; front
. and back composed of one mass of ¦ fine
tucks: lined. throughout; sold elsewhere at
lp2.~O.
\A.c Instead of i 25e for WOMEN'S
m^^ MEDIUM WEIGHT • LONG
SLEEVES UNDER VESTS.
_CQ C\C\ F o r WOMEN'S SERGE
<PO«VlU DRESS SKIRTS, in black ami
navy; made with full flare flounce; sold
".elsewhere $5.OOr * ' ¦
Q_5r» For choice of 'about one hundred
OU^SUMMER OVER and UNDER
¦ SKIRTS; many; worth as high as #1.50.
S WATCH FOR OUR
FALL OPEiSriNGy
SATURDAY, SEPT, 14.
Store closed during-; the dayj
•will open Vat ; 5 p. m. and remain
openinntil'll'p.m. "r-
1212-1214 MARKET ST.
v - . Bot." Taylor and Joces. •¦
. .Hale's. | '-'¦.:'__¦ Hala'g.
Every Day Brings _^ *ffl m Market 6t*
Something WW^%*^^> g^f 5SSS
I\ew *£i flia nmim Gato Avenue
At K?-.!s>, . 7T^^»— ¦* <^-;*r>'! ' ''
.Your '' New -.York . —^ . ¦-bi*-^ •
WMM§^. Flannelette Offering, 6c_
than- you have here. It's a heavier quality and in a finer range of pat-
The express trains terns than you usually find" at six cents— delicate
and .-our Eastern ink . and w pmd 0 which, arc stripes. 39
corps.of buyers keep inches wide - 8 '-. :>;'>
us in the closest . . . , ., t .
kind of touch with X 5° pieces on sale this morning and until sold,
what's new.,; • '6c a yard. -
E0^g ar Bleached Roller Towel-
-panne: ? vel-
VETS: In those rich y ' incr Tir
Persian effects so 111);. 11C«
much [ in vogue for . ' . <=» '
dress-., trimmings. It s a splendid quality, a worthier and better tow-
waPs^s. '^You've nt alt elin K than is usually sold at uc— if it wasn't we
been pa- wouldn't go to all this trouble to tell you about
tiently ' for » them. •,.,• I7 ; nc h»e w id» with red hnrr?pr«
They're- here now .. u » - i/.i Iltu cs wiuc wun rea noraer3.
and in splendid va- . ' .;-•-.'.: .. __ ,
riety— $1 50. , ,. . . — — — . j
The Shirt Waist Story.-
-jl'o tj kaENGS: Another Interesting Chapter To»Day.
.-The new. blind- stitch . •. - . •
j and open-work dress Our shirt waist news always finds eager readers.
- nouncings.' __ _ _ Keeping : close to the market and close to the peo-
~CHIEFS^ \v?th. P le makes Jt easv ior us to sel1 shirt waists. Styles
those new" stylish are sure to be correct, the making sure to-be right,
. embroidered colored the prices sure to be the lowest. Now for the -
"-borders; pure linen. proof: ;
Of '.For T5c O~Ti-« For $1.45 and $1.75
ODC Percale Waists. t7OC Shirt Waists. 0>
Fancy -figures' and stripes, laundered Madras and linen, striped and plain,
collars. ; s6ft cuffs, pink and blue and ! soft collars and cuffs, some have French
hello 32 to 38 backs, others pleated; every size, 32
fiScKwL C1 Oft For $1.65 and $2.25
VfOW Shirt Waists. Ol._5t> Shirt Waists.
Full ranee of light and dark color- _ BtyUm , plain and striped Madras
ings, mostly stripes, with bishop cuffs, mercerized Madras, lawn and open-
white, pique collars, tucked fronts and work effects, all soft collars and cuff3,
backs, every size, 32 to 38. popular pinks, blues, helios and greens.
Rarest Handkerchief News
We've ever. printed.
The second installment of that 132,000 lot purchase.
We'd never bought so many if. we weren't sure you'd want them— as
fine and pretty and perfect as they can be. Such handkerchief sroodness
'would never sell for 5c, 6$4c and 9c if some one wasn't losing money.
It's the manufacturers— not us.
* There are certain patterns to'be-disco'ntinued. Anyhow, who but makers
think of handkerchief style?
At 5r parh - Cambric/ handkerchiefs, with hemstitched borders, ¦with em-
ni cawi " broidery on one corner. Also hemstiched and colored bor-
ders; one thousand dozen. A perfect handkerchief for women. On sale this
morning: for the first time, 5c.
Af file parVt "Women's handkerchiefs, some are hemstitched, with embrold-
mu 4 tcdcu. ered corners, others with lace insertion and embroidered
corners, others with lace borders and lace insertion, still others with lace bor-
ders and fancy hemstitching; 525 dozen this morning for the first time, 6}£c.
A-f Or "Women's handkerchiefs with lace borders and two rows of lace mser-
"*" w * tion in corner; others are hemstitched, with embroidery corners and
lace insertion; others with fancy embroidered and hemstiched borders, with Val-
enciennes lace edgings; others have lace borders and Insertion; 190 dozen in
this lot. • This morning for the first time, 9c.
Trimmed Hats $7.00 and $10.00.
We'd like, to tell you air the nice things we've heard about them.
¦Women who've; been around most are most enthusiastic over them. You'll
know what favorites they are when we tell you that selling is greater than
ever.
They seem to be just the styles you want.
Of course it comes first in knowing what -you San Francisco, women'
prefer— next in having competent enough, salesladies -to find what's becom-
ing to you. So you see it's as much the service as the hats that win.
Ready yet for your new ha^?
Nine of our prettiest pattern hats found owners Saturday.
Joe BoserLbcxg's. • j - j oe Bosenberg's.
[wo/toipi- -Jk- I
) tsieve v ce&s \ at ¦
I Joe Ro>en be rg '5 -^M^j^
I 6hirtwaists25|H™«
I 5OOO SHIBT WAISTS, made fl(Ul{{ I I///// JMU 1
B of th.e very best' percale, striped \W\\V%\\i III// sd&/2r/ H
H and dotted effects, detachable v^vH\V\tt \\l/lx&^syss m
w collar, all sizes, perfect in every WrvCxSy^ P
B detail. None of tb.ese Shirt Waists were^>jflp &\ jafSUh H
» ever sold, for less tha n Sl.OO and $1.50. M
B They "vrere bought of a firm who was "^^LjfSgSSS^ Ih
E was financially embarrassed. The biggest ' W^v\jwS^ H
B bargain we have ever offered. Come and vvwS^ 1 M
¦ see if this isn't one store ' that advertises w^ n
a facts. Your choice ........ '. ... . 9Rn* — * B
I Comets t — -^ WORTH READING. I
L VUiaClfii . 265 dozen LADIES' \VHITE HEM- B
I V-aTI' SatlsfacUon awaits STITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS, B
1 J*Zs those who come here mad e of best English lawn. For TO- ffl
E -IrTf 265 CORSETS, made of DAY and TO-MORROW.... Piece ttc M
I V- . the best quality English dozen GENTS' WHITE HEM- H
B VL sateen: lace . UtaScd. STITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS, g
H y "> bias cut, hand gored kind that will stand washing. Our I
1 n^r^M The y' are tnis season's wa -y of selling.. 8e ¦
l'T^t^SSf'SSS^-'S^S; ECONOMICAL WOMEN, I
1 'vOM'TT''' did& '* Purchase. them di- READ THIS. |
¦ ">J ii/1- rect from the manufac- rs t imp? 1 tvwtttt' H
I * ?!) able to sell them at this f^I 1 ft I
13 .. «- • nri(>s «-i r»rv extra nne soft bleached WJ n
ti n s. €¦ , iT-r •••-"••"¦••-•*1««O muslin, flnished with a /<Jj 9
U Ccrsei tele O Farrell-street entrance, fourteen-lnch flounce of /*§§( m
« embroiderj , also dust iiM^u H
R THIN PEOPLE a«v ruffle; full lengths, full I['^f 1
1 MADE FAT by wearing jrjjo widths. We happened to _ lf in4wPi 13
B the new ilELBA PER- JOT^. buy a quantity of wide KiSL//li\A H
a FECTOR. It will pive \Z-V embroidery at a great re- f]
B you the new Parisian duction, and we made W9^ (a
B shape. It is made of trf J*>)j, It up into skirts. Here is J . y
B the best imported ifiSfe!«/\ your chance to buy a $2.00 R
flf sateen, boned with light- figf IHfft \ skirt for 81.39 H
M weight feather boning. rft| tff/\ \ ASK TO SEE OUR LADIES' B !
¦ Can be worn with or Txk.W /J WHITE EMBROIDERED TRIM- H
B without a corset. Itisan /JWffLv^ MED DRAWERS 25c H
I !?i?h^eS s wi 6 th p d p eTi e h r { W^\ One Item, and a Good One, From Our 1
Q by all athletic women, y I u««l««. n-_»_i_- i |9
I Wben worn over a cor- l HOSieFV DepartmSnti H
S set It enables the tailor or dress- 2 c= n ai'r«? nf f mi nTiVK'? ttact ¦
I 5 g» e u s^ Vnt^ l°£T rib^ 1
| Colors, pink, blue, white and black. M d n'Ubte full lenlth 1
I Yours for a very little money.. 5 Oc called the Iron Proof^Stocking. Our 1
PRIZE-WINNERS pri " « '""?%« ""• 12^ C I
in our More Good Offerings. I
Beautifying Department. yiM^ frt! a E 5?s K$Ss i
800 yards VEILING or BEAUTI- ®K»^^ $J CUSHION |
FIER. made in plain aad fancy - A ¦ fM £% h n im £, n ?S H
meshes, chenille dot and plaia effects. |§| .Jjg Wk ftekhS? and ?£ 9
Just received them from our Paris T5f flP^^T % ' «.„ fn «,nvfn H
house. They are the latest fall g£tfl J) *& t'onal floral" i
novelUes. If we did not import them |§g <fi H' =m l^\' "5 r ,f-J' H
direct we would not be able to sell |§? Ji^*^ W ' -^^-^Sf «« ? @
them under $1.00. Our way of selling j^l_L Til ___^ I i 1 . ' E*l P
the£e veil£ ¦•••50c sold less than |
i-v-ffi r»» • i_ , AV T hen we get . a H
A Tale Ot LOW PriCeS in OUr bargain our patrons receive the bene- H
nt 3 Oc m
Wrapper Dept. On display in our window, Market-st. I
225 LADIES' WRAPPERS, made of entrance. fl
the best colored flannelette, finished STORE NEWS. ra
with fancy braid over the shoulders, TVe are agent for the VAN NOR- H
collars and sleeves: deep flounce at DEN and LA GRECQUE CORSETS H
the bottom, tight fitting and waist We are asrent for the SOROSIS H
lined. The small store with the KID GLOVES, the best on earth ¦
smallest price 9Sc"F or Sl.OO fr
(inC QfiQENRERP 816 MARKET street, I
JllL KIUOLIiDLIIU Running through to 11 OTarrell. 1
Mail Orders Solicited. PHELAN BUILDING. D
SPECIAL SALE!
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATUMUY.
WE PRIDE OURSELVES OX OTTB :
TEAS, COFFEES AND TVINE3. OR- '
DERS SHIPPED IMMEDIATELY AND !
CAREFULLT PACKED.
CREAMERY BUTTER, 2 squares. .75c
Very cbolce.
CALIFORNIA OLIVE OIL, qt bot. 70c
pt. bot 40c,
"Santa Bartara." Absolutely pure. — 4*
'¦¦ Regularly 85c and 50c. f
BLACKBERRY BRANDY, bot. . . .50c
Recommended for medicinal Xise. '."::>>
Regularly 85c.
MAPLE SUGAR, lb 15c
New crop Just arrived.
Regularly 20c. ;-
MALT WHISKEY, bot 75c
Royal brand— old and pure.
Regularly H.
NEWFIGSJlbs 25c
Choice new white figs.
Regularly 10c a lb.
APRICOTS, 2 lbs..... 25c
Fancy this season's
Kvaporated Apricots.
Regularly 3 lbs 50c.
PORT AND SHERRY, bot...... 25c
gallon $1.OO
Choice old native wiifts.
Rich In flavor.
Regularly 4Cc and $1.50.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICTTED-CATA-
LOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5522.
DIRECTORY*.
" OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES...
Catalogues and Pries Llst3 Mailed
on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURE*
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Straht*
& Co. fest'd. 1852). 409 Market st: utca in-
stallment or rented: also beer apparatus. .
COAL. COKE AN J I»|3 IHOX '
1 f WII SflV * ffl m Battery Street.
J- L- nlLOUrl C WU-» Telephone Main list.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
FA^ FJOYF^Jfrft Shipping Butcha-^. 104
JAJ- IlUICaaWU. Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
OILS.
LUBRICATJXG OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
¦ 41S i Front «t.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGX & McGUF-
FICK. 23 Spear st.. S. F. Tel. Main 5320.
. PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
I T DDIHAINF 640 golden gate ave,
J. V AVllAinC, Telephone Howard 1911
•Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
Sells Ladies' and Children's Hose 5c a ralr*
Ladies' Llnea Skirts, 35c; Men's Fine Dre»
Shirts, worth it for 40c. at 105 Fifth street.
PRINTIJiO.
ECyBPQiraS. , SUsIn^n7e^. S , F ,
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDI> : CO.. ¦
23 Flr»t street. San Frandscnf"
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
a $3.SO shoe equal in beauty, comfort and workmanship to hC^Si '
l£L? T h ° cs we are now offering in our $3.50 DEPAKT- % FiU
EfT'rtS W ° Uld be ,-l m P° ssibIe t0 sowod a shoe 9 J/l
for so httle money did we not do so larse a business. If ' "%T
y.ou will notice the crowds that throng our store you will ; B
understand that we can do business on small profits If |
you will let us show you all the new shapes in all the new ## \
materials and all sizes and widths you will understand
why the throng is there. The thron* wishes. to be fitted
with a well made $3.50 shoe that looks better and wears ' -V *
better than most high-priced shoes. Do you? '^T 1
terday in Judge Hebbard's court by At-
torneys Pillsbury and Dunne. The suit
is to recover $180,000 said to be due on un-
paid licenses on telephdnes to which a
nickel-in-the-slot device is attached. •
. Judgie Hebbard at the conclusion of the
arguments on the motion to dismiss con-
tinued the case for further hearing- to-
day. . , "* " . ¦ .
THE «I. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc.
aP^fe^^^ 4 -^L. . qy*C ill IC*
METAL BEDS
$4 00 up.
Just received, a beautiful line of
Metal Beds in green, cream or white,
all with heavy brass trimmings: the
very newest and latest designs. Metal
Cribs, too. Everything to furnish
your house at equally low figures.
We pay no rent. You make that
profit. It's, wprth having, too.
THE J. HOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
• " . (Incorporated), :
,IOI7-rO23 MISSION STREET,
Above Sixth. San Francisco.
We close at 6 p. m. every day but Saturday.
I — V
W^jJM& NO MORE
t2||p|^ DREAD
i^^A^S DENTAL
i/ffl^/NN -\ CHAIR!
il ''VAN VROOIVV'
|| : PAINLESS DENTAL PARLORS,
1 i .; (001 MARKET, Cor. 6th.
DR. G.B. SUSSDORFF,
Late Superintendent Physician City
. and County Hospital.
i MENTAL AND NERVOUS DISEASES.
SPECIFIC TREATMENT
For LIQUOR MORPHINE HABITS.
\ Twenty Tears' Experience.
Patients may be treated at home or pri-
vate sanitarium. " Office Glasgow Building
105 Eiiio St.. .near -Powell. Hours, 10 to 12
•a.-nx., 2 to 4 p._m. ; , - * -
. ' ¦ *';¦-¦-.;¦¦¦¦ :
' ..** M -jJl. t '*^-T. L O !T FICB: * San Francisco -
I^W^^W^^I^SSKi K ' asses you made for
WgtWji^^^^^^S^0 : : satisfaction, both as to
lia jSE£ " ' "?-*'^*rp 1^ frame and lens, and I
ll|i|lis!3KR?§lftP>^^i|ig Pleasure and comfort In
aSSi J&f-^, nSxKJJB Strengthen the Eye and
: . :" GERMAN EYEWATER SOc. : '
GEORGE s-MAYERl.E, German Exr>ert Opti-
cian, 1071!J Market St., San "Francisco.
«¦ . ', Cut This Out.' : T-.'!'.''''