The other expedition came to the island
and found some gold coin. Captain Eoag
of that expedition disappeared. He prob
ably was murdered by a man by the
name of Keating. When Keating reached
Newfoundland he caxried on his person
gold and jewels" to the value- of £8000.
He was accused of murdering Captain
Boag and 'had a hard time to get out
of it.
In 1897 I received on the island a visit
from the second wife of Keating, from
whom I obtained all . the plans and
papers. All of the Chapelle papers were
obtained by me from Costa Rica, and all
the marks indicated and set forth there
\ in have been found and verified, and, of
course, are now known only to me. The
lapse of time and th.> luxuriant tropical
The rest of the crew were captured
"and were 'tried for piracy at Kingston,
Jamaica,- and -eighty-one ot the pirates
were banged on the yardaxm of the man
of-war. While they were in prison two
of. them, Thompson and .'Chapelle, who
had been forced to join the pirates
against their will, got away and swam
to a whaler in port. This whaler sailed
the same night, with Thompson and
Chapelle on board. These two men made
it up between them to keep everything
secret and made plans to obtain suffi
cient money wherewith to get a vessel to
return to Cocos Island. The two sur
vivors from the Relampago soon separ
ated and lost sight of each other.
After awhile each believed the other
dead and each organized an expedition,
\u25a0 Chapelle in England and Thompson in
Newfoundland. The English expedition
could not locate Cocos Island, and finally
their vessel was wrecked off the coast of
Costa Rica, and Chapelle left all his pa
pers and information there.
In the meantime the crew In Valparaiso
had captured another vessel and set sail
for the West Indies to get the treasure
themselves. When they were outside of
the port of Valparaiso they found that
they could not navigate the vessel. They
sighted another vessel, which turned out
to be a British man-of-war. The captain,
of this man-of-war, thinking the move
ments of the vessel suspicious, sent an
officer with some men on board to Inves
tigate. As -all the pirates told different
stories they were looked upon as such.
They were taken on board of the British
man-of-war and were taken to England
for trial, which resulted in their being
hanged. One of them turned King's evi
dence and offered to show where the
buried treasure was in the West Indies.
The English sent out the British man-of
war Magician, which found this island
and located • some of the treasure.
While the \u25a0 British man-of-war was
anchored there, the Relampago. the
vessel of Captain Benito, came into the
harbor, shorthanded and .short pro
visioned. Before Benlto knew where he
•was he was right under the guns of the
man-of-war - Magician. Captain Benito
saw that resistance was useless and blew
out his brains.
Meantime the pirates had lost many of
their number in the various fights, and
the captain thought that that part of his
crew which he had left at Valparaiso
would return to the West Indies to ap
propriate the treasure. He made a pro
posal to the rest of the crew left on ths
island to return to the West Indies and
to i get the treasure left there, then re
turn to Cocos,- divide there and disband.
Some of hia crew, dissatisfied with this,
started a fight right on the island and
more than twenty men were killed then
and there. The survivors consented to
go with the captain to the West Indies
and carry out the plan.
The captain and two men burled a gold
crown, inlaid with priceless Jewels, and in
the same hole put a small cask of precious
stones. He then killed the two men who
helped do the work. However, the cap
tain was' watched by one" of the boys who
survived all of the pirates.
inlaid with Jewels. Further up the river
on the island they buried several Iron
kettles filled with gold coin, and covered
up these caves in the same fashion as
they did the Jarge one.
tn» ireasuro.i'rom it before It wont down
in very. deep water.- In the mountlme the
rest of the plrHtca on tho first captured
vessel had killed nil tho Spanlsh'on board
her. -The plrnto unllcd alongsldo of this
vessel and took everything of vulue out
of her, also provisions. They shaped their
course for Cocoa Island nnd moored their
vessel there nnd began 'to station lookout*
on 4 several points, of the Island, to warn
them of.; the approach of d'ther vessels.
Olio gang was sent on shore with the mato
to iIIk a cave in sandstone on the side of
a mountain, and one" party of men was
sent' to the; point where thabrlg . wa«»
moored' to make' a large , excavation. In
this excavation they put more thaji 150
tons, or more than 300,000 pounds of silver
and- silver dollars.
This they hoisted up from the vessel
by a derrick and dumped it Into the exca-
vatlon. Then they put some Kegs of pow- <
der above it to cover the hole and blew
up the mountain.- They left certain marks
cut in the rocks, which are there to this 1
day
In the other excavation which the mats ;
i had made they put 733 gold bricks 4x3 j
'inches and two inches thick, and alongside 1
of them, they, put 273 gold bllted swords, :
regetatlon win make trie uncoverinc ot
these riches very difficult.
But they are there. I have been on
Cocos Island since 1SS3 and I know
whereof I write. This densely wooded
little island of only twenty-four square
miles Is '.he storehouse of a treasure
such as romance conceives. And this la
nut a. romance.
count of the »a.^!utlon against **!«- \u25a0«\u25a0\u25a0
dominion, which was then beginning.
They sailed alongside of the galleon,
boarded her and overcame the crew.. They
transferred -the treasure from the galleon
to. their own vessel, and then sunk the
Spaniard. Having this immense treasure
on board, estimated at many millions, the
captain did not know of a suitable place
where it might be. lunded.
After muny proposals were. .made and
rejected, the captain came to tho conclu
sion thnt Cocoa Island, bfiing 300 milfis
off tho coast of Central Amerlefl. and out
of the beuten track of vtiasels. would bo
the most suitable pluce to go to. He und
his men catnu to tho island, found plenty
of fn'sh water and most luxuriant tropi
cal conditions, wonderful forests and
jnany natural resources— in fact.' a veri
table paradise. They made up their minds
to establish their futuro headquarters
there and go on cruising from the island,
which by the way contains a magnificent
sheltered harbor.
After they burled on the island all they
had on board, they sailed along the eoust
and met a fishing vessel, from which they
obtained tho information that tho revolu
tionary .war of Independence against Spain
had broken out in Mexico. They sailed up
as far as Acapulco, where they sent out
a couple of ' boats with their most trusted
men, who mixed in the port with the
crews of two Spanish. vessels-lying inthe
harbor at that time. •
They were informed that the richest
' This vessel 'was sinking • very quickly
and they could not get more than half 'of
Captain Benlto immediately stood to
ward" Hhore and «aw • the vessels Judt
rounding the heads, of Acapulco harbor,
lie hud his cannon loaded with grape shot
and suJled right alongside of the .first
Spanish vessel. ',. Without any warning hH
poured shot into her. : Tho nrst discharge
of the cunnon killed nio'st of the crew on
the Spaniard. The pirate' then; Bent Uialf
of hia men on board to> kill the rest and
take the vessel, in which they succeeded,
as hardly, any resistance could be offered.
The second vessel saw what, huppentd'
and turned about to re-enter the harbor,
but could not make'any' headway agahidt
the" wind and tide. The pirate attacked,
her, but could not come near enough for
boarding. Tho crew loaded their cannon \u25a0
with round-shot, and after considerable
work- disabled the Spanish vessel. They
then sent boats to her and took poasesslon
and killed every soul on board. - •
:»H«».iJsn people of the City or Mexico, nigto
government officials and others ,were com
ing down with pack mule trains carrying
all their belongings, money and treasures,
to embark on these two vessels.
The pirate vessel lay outside of the port
of Acapulco, cruising up and down, wait
ing until these two vessels should coma
out. One morning about six weeks after
the pirate' vessel tlrst arrived off Acapul
co, the confederates on shore notified thei;
captain that the two vessels were heavlnn
up, unchor und ready Jo sail.
itera stowed away down there in his
back \uru.
Zy Governor August Cjissler.
IN 1820 Captain Don Pedro Benlto, com
manding the brig Relampago, found
the waters of the Caribbean Sea too
warm to continue his piracies, bo he
took on board of his vessel a lot of
gold and silver; the rest he left burled
on an island in the West Indies, sailed
through the Straits of Magellan, and then
landed and cached a lot of provisions in
case he. should need them. After this ho
sailed up the west coast of South America,
and when he came abreast of the island of
Juan Fernandez, some of his crew muti
nied and wanted the vessel to call Into
Valparaiso.
The captain compromised with the crew
by Railing to Valparaiso and putting the
mutineers Into a boat with permission to
go on shore, promising to lay off the har-.
bor for three days. As soon as the boat
\u25a0was out of sight the captain put on ail
the sail he could and sailed northward.
Off the northern part of Peru he fell In
with a Spanish Government galleon bound
for Spain, loaded with a particularly rich
lot of treasure, which the Spanish Gov
ernment wished to ship to Spain on.ac-
<kj? J7 OUU> you like to have a try
\fM at the finding of the great
Coccs treasure trove?
Would you like to dip your finger
into a pie consisting of 300,000
pounds of silver, and a gold crown in
laid with priceless jewels, and 733
gold tricks, and several other trinkets
of the sane nature?
Anybody is welcome to have a try
at this finding, to dip a finger in this
pie — anybody, that is, who cares about
bumping up against a Costa Rica.i
grunboat and a force of Costa Eican
soldiers.
That is the way that August Giss
ler, Governor cf Cocos Island, repub
lic of Costa Rica, intends to welcome
anybody who is overcurious about his
treasure trove-
Let them try it, says he. He read
very recently that a company from
Victoria, B. C, was about to start out
•wrJth a capital of $10,000 to make «,
cearci. for the treasure. It was said
that the company had secured plans
cf the island from, the widow of a
Nova Scotia mariner who had founrl
the tr«asure once, but had been force.l
to leave it behind.
When the Governor of the island
read of this scheme he wTote excitedly
to the Consul General of Costa Hica
\u25a0wi-.c balds forth in San Francisco. Hj
wanted the Consul to take steps to
ctop the thing.
"Allow me to inform you," wrot-s
he, <: that no company with any such
intent would have the right even to
land on Cocos Island, as I hold a con
cession from the Costa Eican Govern
ment In regard to the said treasure,
and in which concession the Costa
liican Government has an interest.
Certainly anything that might be un«
\u2666leriftken by such a company from
VictoTlc would amount to naught
\u25a0without my consent"
Evidently the Governor of Cocos
was very much annoyed. He mny
have been somewhat ruffled. His jus
til" cati en lay in its all being about
510 Eta all matter.
\ Tor when you read his story of the
treasure trove you will realize that it
id a very neat little fortune that hs
THE STORY OF
THE SOCOS ISLAND
TREASURE
Sunday
CallTravelers in the reservation may hear
the distressing cries of some deserted
woman at almost any time they care to
listen.
The. Indians of these three tribes, whllo
living under the management of an Indian
agent, are comparatively civilized and do
not go on the warpath,' but work for their
living at farming. But they have no love
in their hearts for one" of their own people
after that person has passed his or her
age of usefulness. An aged squaw, after
she reaches the age of 80 years, is sent
Into the fields and left there to die, unless
some sympathetic "white person come?
along and sends the poor old woman t»
the Indian agency, where .she may b«
taken care of at the expense of the Gov
ernment.
How Aged Indian
Women Die.
THE attention of the United States
Government has just been called to
a barbarous custom that Is still be
ing practiced among the Kiowa, Co
manche and Apache Indians In Okla
homa Territory.
"I no," maw sed. "But the great trou
ble is the anarkists will keep on coming
over to this Country from Europe and w«
can't Stop them unless we make Every
buddy stay out. That would be rong Be
coz lots of peeple that come across the
Sea gets to be good Sitlzens and start a
run on some Savings bank every llttl*
while becoz the Cashier's wife' gets t«
keeping first and second girls or tells a
friend he Has a sure tip on the Stock
market. And where would we be to-day
if Forreners wouldn't of ever got allowed
to Come to Amerika? It seems to me tha
greatest trouble Is keeping out the Glljy
without ronging the Ones that want to
be free and eakwull."
"Well," says paw, "if the worst cornea
to the worst we mite turn the Anarkista
back from our shores by passing a law
that nobuddy can Land after this with
out Taking a bath.'.' GEORGIE.
virtue Is its own reward. Of corse sum*
times they are a Fello in the Club that's
crazier than the rest, so when He has hit
spazzums it helps along the Entertain
ment.
"But the great question is, how are wi
Going to get Rid of the anarkists? So
that's what makes me Think the Folding
Bed is the friend of Hewmanity, after all.
When it's folded the anarklst has no plac«
to crawl'unuer, and wnen it's Open ther"i
no Room for him. Do you s'pose Hen
Most would stay in Enny Country that
Had no Beds except the kind that can b«
used as cabinets for Hand Painted China
in the day time?", •*
PAW," maw ast. "where do all these
terrable anarkists come from, enny
way?"
"Under the bed," paw answered.
"That is, if they Get a Big cnuff
Btart to crawl in there before' you catch
them by the heels. That's why I don't
agree with people that Claim the folding
Bed Is a Nenemy of Sivvle I Zation. You
go allmost ennywhere now and Hear pee
ple telling One another how to Get rid of
the anarkists. At prayer meeting mebby
they think it would be a Good thing to
to to the Anarkists with a Bible In One]
Hand and a good Big Club In the Other,
and talk to them about their Soles.
"'What the anarkists need,' Elder
'awson was Telling me when we Coma
Copyrighted, 1901, by S. S. McClure Co.)
home together on the Car nlte Before last,
'is an Awakenjng of the Conshunce, or a
Batt over the hed if They Got Enny con
shunce to v/ake, and I guess they haven't.'
"The Elder ment well, I no, and, I spose
he must of Been studying the Case some,
Or he wouldn't of thot of the *Batt, but
ypu Can't stop anarky that way. . An- .
arkists talk so mutch Themselves that no
Outsider ever gets a Chance to preach to
Them, so they are No Use thinking of
Getting them to Llssen to Reason.
"Some peeple say Stop the anarkists
from yawping and They will all Get killed
( off by Busted blood vessels, But of Corse
the hew mane Society and the peeple that
want Free Speech and are agin barba rus
tortcher wouldn't allow Even anarkists
to be Treated as Crewiii as That. Others
say send them All to the penltensherry,
But you mite make innosunt peeple Suf
fer that way. Becoz sumtimes They are
Sircumstanshul Evidence that you Can't
explain. S'posing a man Happens to Be
away From home when a anarklst meet
ing is Held, and the police think he was
mixed up in it. So they discuver that he
was Out Late that nite, and he Can't ex
plain Where, Becoz he went to see his
Little boy by His first wife at the Child's
Grandmother's, and would rather Go to^
prison for Twenty years Than have it Get'
found out at Home. That would be a Sad
fate to overtake a Good onnest Sltizun
that never Did Ennything anarklstic ex
cept mebby not pay Taxes and Let the
Hair grow all over the Back of his neck.
"Some folks think we mite Pass laws
Against anarkists, and I s'pose we Could,
but what's the Use when we Can't get
one law out of twenty that we have now
Enforced?. You see they Are a Good
many anarkists that vote or Else pretend
They do, so the madjusty of the Law Is
going to Give them the benefit of the
Doubt as Long as possible. One of the
worst things about Anarkists except the
Smell is that they ain't Chinamen."
"But what do the Anarkists expect to
Do. if they Get all the PwUlers assassin
ated?" maw ast.
"Meet in Halls over Saloons and Lay "
plots, I s'pose," paw ansered. "That's the
way Anarkists Get their Enjoyment. They
are some queer things about the Hewmun
race. Some men Get their graitest Happi
ness by having a Hundred Millyun Dollars
put away For a rainy Day and wairing
close marked Down from three fifty to a
Dollcr and Seventy-five Cents becoz they
Got Damidged on the dummy in Frunt
of the Store. Some men think it's fun to
Get a few fingers broke on a vacant lot
trying to make the Boys think they ust
to Belong to the Old Mutuals or the Syra
cuse Stars, and they Say they are a Tribe
in Africka somewhere That thinks it's a
merry thing to nock little Round chunks
of clay up and down Hill and across,
ditchts and Brush piles, where they can't
find them again, but the Anarkists lm
madgun the plezzuntest thing on Eerth is
to meet in a Hall with one window that
,was cleaned In 1894 over some saloon and
Lissen to one anuther make Speeches. in
forrln langwldgcs. That (shows sin is
Off en its own punishment the Same as.
GEORGIE'S PA EXPLAINS HOW
TO DEAL WITH ANARCHISTS
"What! Judging a man's character
from his methods of smoking a cigar?
Come, now, "Williaml"
*;'You may smile, sir," William went on
solemnly, "but I assure you there is a
good deal in It. Have you ever noticed
how Mr. B. treats a cigar once It Is
lighted?"
I admitted that I had not taken any no
tice of Mr. B.'s smoking habits.
"Well, sir, I have. He lights his $fgar,
takes a whiff or two and puts it down on
the tray. He may take another whiff and
he may not. The cigar remains on the
tray. I find it there, invariably, in tho^
shape of a cigar, but merely ashes from
tip to tip. It has burned away of its own
accord, slowly but surely."'
"Well, "William, and what does it sig
nify is the matter with Mr. B.?"
"Oh, simply absent-mindedness, sir, •'\u25a0
that's all. There are half a dozen mem
bers of this club who use cigars in an ex
actly similar fashion, and T assure you j
they are all absent-minded and forgetful."
"But, William, after all it is not a very
.wonderful discovery. The act you have
noticed is plain evidence or a man's fail
ing.".
"Just so, sir. But there are other points
where my theories are always correct.
For instance, if I may make so bold, I
think you. possess a very nervous tem
perament.. Look at that^cigar you have
just placed on the little asn bucket. Look,
sir, at the extranr<i! nar y wa y j n which
tion. I have been in this club, man ana
boy, for close on thirty years. Twenty
of them I have spent In this smokeroom,
and during that time I have met, as a ser
vant, several thousand gentlemen. I am
a thoughtful man, sir, and it has been my
delight to form certain theories as to the
effect of character on a gentleman's smok
ing style. I watch every new member's
method of smoking a cigar when first he
sits In this room. Afterward, when my
personal acquaintance - with him grows
more intimate, I assure you that I have
hever found my original estimate to be
wrong."
you have gnawed the end! It, is an Jag- :
ged and torn, and you will have no com- :
fort with it until you cut off the;ragged
end— to commence a similar operation im
mediately. There are at least a hundred
members of this club who treat a cigar 1
like that. They are all of a nervous tem- ;
pcrament. . |
"On the other hand," he went on, 'I I
can tell a strong-nerved man the moment j
he takes a cigar in his fingers. He In- j
variably uses the cutter further up than ]
most folks, and will not cease to smoke
It until It Is reduced to a rather longlsh
stump— which he takes in his fingers and
throws away.
"I can spot an extravagant man, too,
sir, as easy as may be," he continued en
thusiastically. "He's a good customer ol
the club, sir. See him when he grasps a
cigarf cuts away an inch and a half tc
get a free draw and leaves the biggest
part on the tray when he gives It up
Aha! I don't have to wait for my first
tip to know he was fond of spending cash!
Then look at the cigar smoked by a care
less, slovenly kind of gentleman, sir! H<
cuts it anyhow, he lights It anyhow, he
smokes it anyhow— all burned up one
side, you know. Oh, he's a beauty, he is
with a g<5od cigar.
"Show me a. cigar that's nicely cut a
the tip end, but so placed on the tfaj
that the ashes are not broken off, and '.
shall,, without a moment's hesitation
point out the owner as a careful, well
balanced gentleman, who appreciates «
good cigar and knows how to smoke 1
and enjoy every whiff. He is the man '.
like to sell a cigar to.
O"f SOCIAL worker who has had oc
f | casion to inspect most of the so
\~\ called sweat shops In New York
X save lfc as hls beUef that the per *
son who Invented the electrical fans got
his idea from the funny little tailors and
their sewing machines. It has been an
old practice with these workmen in warm
weather, said the agent, to use the power
in their machines to fan themselves. This
they accomplish by tying pieces of stilt
cardboard to the spoke3 of the fly or bal
ance wheel, and. as they work the pedal
with their feet, the cardboard on the
wheel cuts the air like a small plnwheel
and plays the air upon the face of the
tailor.— New York Post.
First Suggested
Electric Fan.
"Have you, sir, ever seen a man smok
ing his cigar so long that It frizzles his
mustache, when he sticks the point of
the blade of his penknife into It and con
tinues to nibble to get a puff or two out
of It till hia lips begin to scorch? Of
course you have, air; dozens of them— so
have I, drat 'em! Mean! They make a
cigar last as long as two In another man's
case. We have a few of 'em here, sir;
worse luck!
"You must be off? Oh, yes; there's no
possibility of Mr. B. turning? up now, sir.
Good afternoon, sir."
"I can't say I'm over fond of the next
typo of smoker. Him, I mean, sir, who
never fails to use a meerschaum cigar
holder and who was never known to drop
a bit of ash on his shirt front. When I
take him a box he will spend five minutes
in sniffing at the cigars before choosing
one or two. I call him the fastidious
smoker.
*T B. arrived yet, William?"
I A I addressed the question to the
I 1 smokeroom waiter of the D
-J Club, of which I happen to be a
member. I am afraid my tone
did not conceal my impatience. For half
an hour I had been mentally kicking my
heels while waiting for B. In accordance
with an appointment made by him the
previous day to discuss a matter of con
siderable Importance.
William reflected by placing the tip of
his right forefinger against his brow.
"Mr. B., sir?' No, sir; he has not been
here this afternoon," he then replied.
I looked at my watch again and uttered
a slight exclamation of annoyance.
"Excuse me, sir, but may I ask if there
was an appointment?"
I intimated that such was the case.
"He won't keep it, sir." William spoke
the words in a tone of such conviction
that I exclaimed:
"He has sent word, then?"
"No, sir, no; but I don't think you need
wait any longer. He won't come."
My patience was almost exhausted, but
I said calmly: "Tell me. William, if Mr.
B. has not sent word that he cannot meet
me, how do you know that he is not
coming?"
"I know it, sir," said William, most re
spectfully and with great distinctness,
"because he wastes his cigars."
• I looked -at William, but there was no
evidence visible that he had become sud
denly bibulous. He was one of the oldest
and steadiest men at the D . He saw
that his mysterious reference required ex
planation.
"Have you five minutes to spare, sir?"
he asked.
As I intended giving B. a little more
grace I told William 1 was prepared to
sacrifice the required time. •
"Pardon me, sir," he went on, "but I
saw you wanted some further explana-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2
THE MAN AND HIS CIGAREverything that Is athletic, everything
that borders on physical culture, is all
the. race. At first the .idea was given
of the hands together behind, keeping the
arms horizontal. It takes a great deal of
practice to be able to do this well
unO ror the simple reason that muscles
are brought into play that, do not look
well when fully ' developed. It is more
. essential to look well in an evening grown
than it is to win. honors as a ball player,
Basket-ball Is more practiced, but tennia
Is by far the most popular of all. A rat
tling- good game 13 a splendid appetizer,
and it gives them. the necessary fresh air
as well.
Few women breathe half deep enough,
and yet it is one.of the simplest and easi
est class exercises of all. After three long
and deep breaths all the old air that 'was
in the lungs has been got rid of and they
are filled with new and pure air. , The
lungs are easily enlarged and the chest
j girth made greater by large inhalation?]
of air. If the air is held as long as pos
sible in the lungs before it is exhaled the
shoulders cannot help but be broader. But
all these things take time and patience
and plenty of them, too. Very little dtf
ferer.ee. will be noticed unless the exer
cises are gone through with about twenty
five times each day. It is far/better to go
through them in the morning and again
at night.'. • • . :\ ': . .
Another drill that Miss Rew : says Is par
ticularly effective is a broadener as well.
Stand up and place the palms of the hands
together in front and throw them back
ward quickly; trying to strike the backs -
grave attention, out when the marked
Improvement in physique was shown the
lad was pronounced a howling success.
.To be sure, . the girls have .their full
share of chest weights, pulleys, stall bars,
climbing ropes and even the new Swedish
bom. Clubs and dumbbells are taken up
at Mrs.* Mills'" orders, but they soon get
stupid. Club drill by well trained- girls is
a Very pretty sight, and some of the girls
are constantly In training and frequently
give an exhibition of their skill on class
or some other equally festive "day. Mills
boasts of handball, basket-ball and tennis
courts. Everything In the way of athletics
has' been provided both for the amuse
ment and for the health of the girls.
\Fevr of the girls are good at handball,
There is only one trouble with this ex
ercise. When going one way the right
arm and right leg are used. It always
seems more natural to swing a certain di
rection, and consequently one side is de
veloppd at the expense of the other. The
way to get out of that difficulty is to, use
the right arm and the left leg. At first
it seems awkward, but with a little prac
tice it is quite easy. • • -- .
ropes of equal lengths are attached, with
small cross-sticks' at their extremities.
The cross-stick Is taken In one hand and
the rope hi the other, and then everybody
commences to run. In a few minutes the
"stride" is tremendous and only the lips
of the toes touch occasionally.
"When five or six jolly girls are going
fast and furiously it, is great fun. But
v/oe be unto the maid who happen3 to
trip and fall down. She drags behind, but
is unable to stop entirely. Everybody
who comes her way gives her a kick as
they go by for being so clumsy, for grad
ually the stride is stopped in spite of tall
their efforts to keep It going.
The two jolllest things In the entire
"gym" are the see-saw "Sind the giant
stride. The latter consists of a pole with
a swivel at the top, to which Beveral
The work of each girl is selected to con
form to her ability to perform it. The
work is that which erpecially fits hex par
ticular requirement. The common ground
where all meet is on the "German tac
tics." After the running or marching ex
ercise all the frirls are expected to take
part in the drill, and then the remainder
of the time is eo.ually divided between
"free work" and "apparatus."
Jumping !s a popular exercise. Down
ward, upward and the long leap. Few
girls are able to run and jump any dis
tance, and when they do jump they near
ly jar their heads off. For a horizontal
leap she should start at a brisk pace, in
creasing as she nears the point froiri
which she is to spring, on reaching which
she must jump forward without a mo.
ment's pause, so- as to lose none of the
impulse of the run. One thing to be
avoided is any stiffness of the knees after
the jump. If the knees are stiff there is a
terrific jar, and it takes days to entirely
lose the unpleasantness. But if they are
bent and the body thrown • backward
everything is smooth and easy. That is
the only way to deaden the shock caused
by the sudden weight of the body thrown
on the feet and the weight of the spring
Most of the girls can jump neatly and
gracefully, and a number of them ars
quite proficient in it. ' .
The parallel bars are just about the
best thing going to develop the wrists
and arms. When the body is held in. an
upright position by the strength of the
arms all the muscles are brought inro
active play, a fact that many of the glrl3
fully realize, for they are ever ready to
take & turn on the bar. It probabiy
would be rather mean to even hint tbat
they do it because it makes the arms
larger and firmer, but, nevertheless, that
fact has been ascertained after several
years of diligent practice and patience.
For patience alone will do it.
Climbing the ladder, head first or feet
first, just as the fancy strikes them, is"
another amusement. Not one of them is
afraid of a rush of blood to the head.
They go up and down that ladder stand
ing on their heads just as though it were
an every day occurrence, and probably it
is. It is easy to go up one side Just as
one would climb an ordinary step-ladder,
but when the top is reached the majority
of us do not keep right on going and
eventually land on' the ground head first.
It is more common to land there feet
first. But Mills people are looking for
variety, and they certainly find it..
N'pthing pleases them more than to turn
a "pancake," to do the "everlasting"
swing" or to circle the horizontal bar.
All of them are on the circus order, but
they require constant and long training
to do easily and well.
some equally amusing feat. The free and
easy costume seems to please them might
ily, and when the study hours are over a
jolly game of tag makes things lively for
the rest of the Coy.
"T— FASHIONABLE women are doing
I / athletics. They are devotir.gr the:n
[ *• selves to it for several re^issns.
A First, for the figure's sake; second
ly, because the complexion assumes
a. tint that cannot be bought, and. then,
it is. far cheaper than to pay doctors"
bills. All of them are first-class .reasons.
£.nd shew that rvomen in senera! are dis
pLiy'ng: common sense.
Any gymnastics shouid besin gently and
proceed gradually, without r.ny abrupt
transitions. If taken at home they should
commence before breakfast in the morn-
Ing, or before luncheon or dinner, but
nevOT immediately after a meal.
Another thing to be considered is
draughts. After exercising never stand
\u25a0with the coat cff or throw yourself down
to rest -without seme kind of a covering.
Anc the greatest don't of all concerns
cold -water. That simple act has been
lniiun to csuise immediate death many,
Tng-ny times. Hence the don't.
A proper practice of and mastery over
\u25a0£h» TrTrmrrpit* feats serve to develop the
nmsdes and ere preparatory to the
proper performance of all athletic sports
gTid exercises. If taken to the right way
liazna exercises may be amusing and not
t-t ;iH expensive.
Tha Tery first thins to learn Is to -walk
eoi < j'»et3y. Over nail the people -who are
«a too ttreets most of the time fail to
-walk properly. There are two ways and
\u25a0feed «rs rood. First the easy, free, nat
rasi rrlng. and. second, the Indian lope.
Th«t latter is nr«d in fast wrYking. The
body Is thrust forward and the strides
ten lass anfl even. Xeedless to say, the
lajter looks mannish, irhile the first is
esfifnfiaTly "womanly.
Oass cxerdsa In a regular gymnasium
Is excellent training. Mills Seminary has
& splendid outfit. One of the special at
tractions Is their running track. The girls
line np z± "Attention." and then when
the order "Forward— march" comes, they
ere all ready for it. Common time is
ninety steps to the minute, while the time
of the quickstep !s 110 to the minute. By
the time & doable quickstep is reached
they are slotrly running.
Kow that means something, as the
erestt majority of girls utterly detest run
ning. It is a "well-known fact that wom
en cannot rapidly cover the ground un
ices they are scared nearly to death. But
2!:11p girls take off their stays, don b!oom
\u2666•rs and get down to business. They
Fprint around the track merely for exer
cise—that Is, -«vhen they are alone— but
T.-hcn there is competition the work is
ir.cr.e In carne/t, and with a cheering
cro-sd there is fun in Jt. too.
Mills boasts of a very unique "gym."
"When Hiss Rew ca-me from the East she
introduced eomo new wrinkles, and the
newest ar.d best was what she calls her
*'!iu::r:mer gym." From early May until
late November the g!rl3 hang by their
toet. walk on their hands and play ball in
the open air.
All the apparatus for a well equipped
gymnasium is tucked away in one corner
cf the garden, and every day one may
f-n<S tl.'c girls Lent on "skinning cats" or
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE SUMMER GYM AT
MILLS COLLEGE
3What' is'the Xasly " looking object? It lsa
The Cat is Asleep on the Rug.' Step on her
Tall and See if she will Wake up. Oh, no; She
\u25a0will not wake. She is a heavy Sleeper. Per
haps if you Were to saw her Tail oft with the
Carving Knife you {night Attract her attention.
Suppose you try. : . . \u25a0 \u25a0 t
THE NASTY TOEACCO.
SLEEPY KITTY.
Here we have a Baby. It Is composed of a
Bald H*=ad and a Pair of Lungs: One of the
Lungs takes a Rest while the Other runs the
Shop. One of them is always On Deck all of
the Time. The Baby Is a' Bigger man than
his Mother. He lilies to Walk around . with
his Father at Night. The Father does Most
of the Walking and All of the Swearing. Lit
tie Girls, you will Never Know what it is to
be a Father
THE BABY,
The Well la very Dark and Deep. There is
Nice Cool 'Water, in the Well. If. you Lean way
Over the Side, maybe you .-will Fall in the
Well and down irT the Dear -Water. We will
Give you some Candy if you will Try. There
is a Sweet Little Birdie in the bottom of the
"Well. Tour Mamma would be surprised to
find you in the Well. : would she not?
If you want many a good, healthy laugh
this is just the book for you, and it will
do as much good for a fit of the blues as
a trip in the country. F. Opper has il
lustrated it with»seventy-five of his char
acteristically funny drawings, made ex
pressly for this edition, so there is almost
as much fun in the pictures as in the
text.
Besides the "Primer" the volume con
tain& in addition "James and Reginald,"
"The Awful. Bugaboo," "The Two.Friars,"
"Thanksgiving Tale3," "Conky. Stiles"
and "Auto-Analysis"— longer sketches but
all filled with Field's kindly s humor.
. Here follows some of his "Primer" par
agraphs, which will speak for them
sg1vg c * \u25a0 * ' \u25a0
THE DEEP WELL.
Of late there has been a merited re
vival and. publishing in 'book form of the
poems and writings of Eugene Field. The
latest of these is "The Complete Tribune
Primer," by Eugene Field, published by
the Mutual Book Company of Boston.
Complete Tribune Primer.
Kim end the Letter-Writer.
Illustration by J. Lockwcod Kipling.
its interest. The scenes in the New Tctk
newspaper office, the inception and exe
cution of the plot to kidnap six great nnl
lioraires, the Wall street' panic which fol
lowed, the dismay of the magnates when
thex found themselves captives on che
high seas, the cruise of "The Shark," the
landing V»n "Social Island," its exploration
and the varied adventures which befell
Palmer J. Morton, Andrus Carmody, John
M. Rockwell, Hiram Haven, R. J. Kent
and Simon Pence (the six kidnaped mil
lionaires), tho superb detective work 'of
the New York Record and Mr. Bernard
Seymour, the rescue of the marooned
magnates and the subsequent attempt at
their recapture, are but a few of the Inci
dents which fill the five, hundred pages.
(Published' by the Lo'throp Publishing
Company, Boston. Price, $1 50.)
bute to "Governor"' McKinley. General
Harrison's last argument before the Su
preme Court of the United States on the
"Illinois Inheritance Tax Casce" is
another of the many valuable paper3 of
this second part, as is also his courage
ous discussion of "The Obligations of
Wealth," delivered before the Union
League Club of Chicago.
Such writings as th^se need no com
mendation, for they have already excited
their full measure of public interest. It
is sufficient to add that the ' publishur&
have, by perfect- typography and elegant
binding made this book in every way
worthy of being the medium between the
reader and this eminent author.' (Price
$3 00.) . . ; . \u25a0 . .: '.: ;
f The Ressaldar.
Illustration bv J. Lccliwc.id Kiplirg
O LTD YARD ICIPLIN'vi seems to b«
Buflericc the fa»e and gcing the
h \\ way cf all n-pular heroes and
"W Idols. He ir. no longer the f.td.
It < majority cf critics have their official
1a out for him— mainly because as good
i^ltlqs they have kept their hands on Oh
pdbUc'fe ;>u!.~>-" arid notice that it Is nt a
low ptbas far as matters Kipling are can
trr.eO. 4
At «-nc time everything was Kipling and
iwtbias but Kipling.
Now. if you ask any ore if he has read
"•Kirn." IZiplirgr's latest that has been
nn<nlns serially in McClure's. the general
reply is. "Yes. I commenced it and read
two cr three number;:. It was too dry,
I dropped it."
And yet "Kira" Is Kipling. There is all
the old povrer. aH the keen discernment,
ail the earzr.aiks of his best prose efforts
in this, his latest work.
On the cover cf the new book the pub-
Ilgherij "with true publisher's care in such
rr alters, have caused to be inscribed:
*• 'If KIplins should die now his future
ff.rr.c would rest -upon the authorship of
'Kira.'— Sidney Colvin."
All cf which is very wisely said.
Some years ago Curing the Kipling boom
"Kim" would have made the same pop
i-'.ar hit as others of his books have done,
but new with the Kipling fad on the wane
it i.»; doubtful whether the general reader
r.-i'I ever get past those t?.o or three in-
Etailmenta that appeared in McClure's.
Kipling* hope for fame from "Kim"
certainly rests In the future.
In a way it is too bad. "Kim" is of
worth, just as much worth as any of Kip
ling's prose.
A serial appearance is enough to kill
the best of stories. Only the tale of the
detective type with "the hero poised in
n.'o-ir and the villain hacking at the rope
with a broken file' will stand the wet
U.tiiket of "Continued Next Month." So
it really" is to» bad that "Kim" did not
appear in book form first— and then never
as e. serial.
To the readers who fell in the serial dis
aster all that can be said Is— give Kipling
a'nother chance for auld lang syne and try
the bock.
The same general criticism applies to
"Kim" that geems to be merited by-Kip
ling's work in general. He la a destroyer
and not a creator. With the exception of
possibly an Englishman or two who float
through in a hazy sort of way there is
not a character that you would like to
bring home for dinner or introduce to
your nearest and dearest. "Kim" himself
ie as interesting a gamin as you could
wish to meet just because Mr. Kipling, by
his magnetic power, makes hlra seem that
way. But when you stop to analyze the
character you find that after all his lights
are the lights of the Oriental and, worss
than that, the Oriental trained for the se
cret service of India.
You draw the veil of Kipling glamour
aside and "Kim" stands forth as the son
of a one-tiir.e C3lor sergeant who died of
opium. You Eee "Kim" as he really is—
a sharp weasel of a street urchin, wise
In worldly ways, with the two redeeming
features of. loyalty to the old lama, *who
is seeking the River of the Arrow, aud
devotion to the hand that has paid him
for sei vices rendered. You see him devel
op Into a young man who will prove a
ready and able toof for the secret serv
ice; a- man wise in every trick of his trade
and absolutely unscrupulous of means so
that the end of serving the "Great Game"
may be accomplished. That is "Kim" as
he really is when you have finished the
book and think the whole matter out.
Still that* is a criticism that applies in
a general way to nearly all of Kipllqg 8
prose.
He is certainly a master hand at de
picting as they really are drunken soldiers
and cunning- Orientals. "Kim" is no ex-'
ception. It is built flpon exactly the same
plan as those writings that made Kipling
an idol, so it should not be held up to
break him.
As a wondeiful and strong picture of
Indian life, people and departmental in
trigues "Kim" is a masterpiece; as a
story Ihat holds its readers by the power
cf its narrative it Is a failure.
Kipling educates Kim to the point where
he may really do something of interest
something worln while, even if it Is* in the
wrong direction, and then he abruptlv
closes the tale.
• It looks to the casual observer as if
Kipling has purposely cut his story that
he may at somo later day give us a sequel
to "Kim." All of which Is very well for
the next book, but rather aggravating in
the case of this one.
Tfae present story of "Kim" run:»
through three phases— first, with Kim a*s
he is introduced to the reader, a little bov
seated astride rf the jjun Zam-Zammea"i
near the Lahore museum, meeting the oil
Jama, a pilgrim in the footsteps of Bur!
dha; second, as a schoolboy at St. Xn
vier's, trying to learn the wisdom of thu
Sahibs; third, us the budding secret ser*
vice man.
The book is equally interesting in a'l
three of its phases, for tach and every
one cf them is India through the eyes
of the Crieril.il, and not those of thj
casual visitor. \u25a0\u25a0 ••..''
ICim from his elevated perch. on Zam-
Zammeah becomes intensely interested, 1p
the lama and his proposed search for Qij
River of the Arroiv whoso waters are:ti
cleanse his soul, so he ssts out. with the
eld man as a che^a or disciple.
Kim has a prize of his own that he Is
trying: to find. •
His father in his opium dreams dwelt
upon the fact that a red bull on a gree'j
bscksround should prove the fortune of
his sen— meaning, of course, . the flag oi
his own regiment. To the boy, brought
up by a half-caste woman, such matters
have been impressed on his mind as so
much magic, for of course he does not
understand the purport of his father'
regimental papers that hang in the amu
let around his n'jek.
By chance Kim and his lama happen t>
run risht into the old regiment of hj?
father. Kim has recognized the flag with
tho red bull on the green background,
and is doing a little spying to find hU
fortune when ne is seized by the regi
mental pastor for a thief. A search fo'.-
Iowe, and through the papers on Kim's
neck he is recognized as the son of the
old color sergeant, Kirnball O'Hara.
Although tha lama makes his pilgrim
age* as a beggar, still he is really a rich
man, and though it almost breaks his old
heart to give up his" devoted chela he In
sists that Kim shall go, as the English
men wish, and study in the schools; more
over, the lama insists upon paying for hi3
tuition.
"Kim" has already proved himself an
apt pupil in the "Great Game," as spying
in the secret service of India is called, and
has won for his friend a certain horse
dealer, Mahbub All,, whose service num
ber is "C 25." The horse dealer enlists
the sympathy and help of his superior,
Colonel Crcighton, who, in a short time,
is as Interested in the future of "Kim" as
are his Indian friends.
Every holiday "Kira" is either allowed
free rein of else Is educated more par
ticularly and directly in the intricacies of
the "Great Game." He finally becomes so
expert and trustworthy that he even
serves with come others of the gentlemen
of the service, 'who' appear on the register
merely under a letter and a number.
The most notable of these excursions is
the last adventure in the book, where
"Kim" and Hurree Babu outwit with true
Oriental cunning a Frenchman and a Rus
sian, who have come into the hill country
ostensibly to shoot goats, but really to
make surveys and pave the way for the
enemy..
Beyond a little bit of passing sentiment
between "Kim" and the woman of Sham
legh there is nothing of a love story. The
absolute and lasting devotion of "Kim" to
his old friend the lama is beautifully
drawn,, however, and more than compen
sates for the lack -of that romance of
strong men and lovely women . that is
made the whole stock in trade in nearly
every modern ftctlDn. Old fat and "fear
ful" Hurree Babu, with hi3 longing to
eventually become a Fellow of the Royal
Society, is a splendid bit of - character
work and makes a perfect type to illus
trate the odd and wondrous effect of Eu
ropean teaching on an Oriental nature.
* In fact, every one of the Indian charac
ters that figure in the book Is perfect
as only Kipling can make them.
It seems unfortunate. In a .way, that the
Kipling fad is on the wane; and yet it is
all for the best, for "Kim" will be read
only by those who can appreciate and not
by those who read merely to say, "I have
read it and isn't it simply splendid."
"Kim" in published by Doubleday, Page
& Co., New York. Price $1 50. '
B. G. LATHEOP.
Famous Actresses of tho Day.
A charmingly bouna and illustrated vol
ume Is "Famovs 'Actresses of,the Day,"
by Lewis C. Strang. This book is one" of
the "Stage Lovers' Series," published by
L. C Page & Co. of Boston. Mr. Strang
has been for rr.any years dramatic critic
on the Boston Journal and Is also -the
author of many other works on the drama
and opera. The present volume is the
"second series." In ' the "first series"
Walter A. Wyckort, wnose experiences
In working: his way from Connecticut to
California have furnished him with tho
material for many stories, ha'* compiled
some of them under the title "A Day
With a Tramp and Other Days." The
volume contains five chapters— "A Day
With a Tramp," "With an Iowa Farmer,"
"A Section Hand on the \ Union Pacific
Railway," "A Burro Puncher" and "Inci
dents of tho Slums." The Incidents ot one
jhkpter have no connection with those of
another, except that they happened to thu
same man. Mr. Wyckoff. U\ a light and
easy way, writes of meeting a tramp, of
meeting a farmer, of meeting section
men, of meeting a prospector and of meet
ing in a Chicago police court a young
woman arrested for shoplifting. He tell.
the simple story of their lives, so far as
they had a story. The book is of such
stuff as one finds every month in the
magazines; and was clearly written for
no other purpose than to sell.. ; It contains
no serious study of any character or-of
any social problem, neither does it con
tain anything in the way of romance. Mr.
Wyckoff is a man of high ability. He has
had a remarkable experience, and he ha3
written books which show that he knows
how to make use of what he has learned.
This volume will not add to his reputa-
A Day With a Tramp.
"Cap'v and Capers," by Gabrielle E.
Jackson, i3 a genuinely wiiolesome and
modern story of boarding-school life. We
meet very delightful people in the book.
The girls are happy, healthy, jolly creat
ures, ready for any fun that offers, yet
willing- to do their best for their teach
ers, who treat the girls h-j though they
were rational, reasoning beings and not a
lot of irresponsible creatures who must
be watched from morning till night lest
they disgrace themselves and those who
have them in charge.
All through this charrninjr book there is
plenty of fun that is the result of happy,
healthy girlhood. There is a comical
"Cups and Capens Club" with its 3ecret
meetings and midnight spreads; jolly
sleigh ridec in their season: a sleep-walk
ing act for the benefit of an over-zealous
teacher; spelling matches; and the most
delightful wedding that' ever was; and all
these happenings are set forth in such a
vein of happy thought that young people
Will read them with the keenest interest.
(Published by Her.ry Altemus Company,
Philadelphia. Price $1.) ; <
Caps and Capers.
Part II contains many interesting ad
dresses, prominent among which is the
presentation of .William McKUnley at
t Tomlinson Hall. Ind!anapo]is: the one in
which he paid glowing and deserved tri-
The lecture delivered at the University
cf .Michigan en "The Status of Annexed
Territory and of its Free Civilised In
habitants" and jtwo papers -from • tlie
North .American Review,- "Musings on
Current Topics," complete the contents
of Part'l. \u25a0 ( \u25a0 ".
This book contains General Harrison's
most notable utterances since leaving tne
White House.
In Part I are given his lectures at Stan
ford University. This brings the book
directly home to us of the West and car, •
hot fail to make it of value and intercut
to,' Californians. His introductory lec
ture was on "The Development of. the
National Constitution." and this was fo!
loxed by "The Colonial CharteVsl"
"Legal "Aspects of the Controversy. Be
tween the Americnn Colonies and Great
Britain," "Eariy Attempts at Union am 1 ,
the Union de Facto." "The Confedera
tion," and "The Institution of State Gov
ernments."
The range of the subjects treated i3 ex
ceptionally great, covering as they do
education, religion, government and. poli
tics. All of these addresses, given affor
the close of his administration, wcro
marked by 'fearless frankness and fare,
noticeable for their* clear and convincing
style. '
A splendid work comes to us from'tlr?
publishing house of the Bowen-Merrjll
Company. Indianapolis— it is "Views 6i
an Ex-President." by Benjamin Harrison.
The work of compiling these important
papers and addresses by General Ham
son has been admirably done by Mary
Lord Harrison and the collection as H
now stands will appeal to 'every cltizon
and especially to students of public ques
tions. •
Views of an ex-President.
A REMARKABLE STUDY
•OF ORIENTALS. \u25a0
Much valuable information regarding
the Mexican war tenders the book as use
ful as it is. entertaining. The whole
course of this historic conflict, from the
causes which led to the' declaration of
war to the battle of Buenn Vista, is vivid
ly tfct forth, and rea!i3tic pictures are
givjn of "Old Rough and Ready," and" the
other famous figures of the time.
While it- is a complete story. In itself,
it forms the second. of a series of three
volumes. known under the general title of
the "Mexican War- , Series." Pan and
Ralph Radbury, who wen the friendship
of thousands of boy3 in "For the Liberty
of Texas," reappear in these pages and
form the center of a group of sturdy,
noble-hearted fellows, who have enough
things happen to them to suit the most
insatiate lover of adventure. (Published
by Dana Kstes & Co., Boston. Price
$1 25.)'
"With Taylor on the Rio Grande," by
Captain Ralph Bonehill. is a book for
boys of all ages. It is exciting without
beinsr sensational; its tone is wholesome,
manly and ; chivalrous. There are some
scenes of adventure in the tale that will
recall . the most breathless episodes in
Cooper. Poke Stover, the old frontiers
man, is almost .as, lovable as Leather-,
stocking and what he doesn't know. about
liunting'and human nature isn't worth
knowing. '- •
\ Books for Children.
A second edition is now being printed
The Century's promised series on the
Great "West will begin in the November
number with a paper by E. Hough, au
thor of "The Story of the Cowboy," on
"The Settlement of the West; a Study in
Transportation." Mr. Hough shows how
the course of empire in the early days,
moving ever westward, followed the path
way of the waters. "It was~a'day of
raft and boat, of saddle horse and pack
horse, of axe and rifle, and little • other
luggage." The article is illustrated with
full-page and smaller drawings by Rem
ington, printed in tint, and with por
traits, maps, etc. .
"Time Table of Modern History. A. D
400-1870," compiled and arranged by M.
Morison, is issued by the Macmlilan
Company. It 'jontains parallel dates .of
events, tables of genealogies, ruling mon
archs and a general parallel dated chart
of ancient and modern history. It is a
work which should prove Invaluable to
schoolteachers, editors, librarians, and
would.not.be cut of plate on the library
shelves of any intelligent man or woman.
The November Century will begin the
magazine's thirty-second year, which is
to be a year of American humor. A group
of humorous a'.ories, poems, etc., includ
ing "Two Little Tales" by Mark "twain,
"More Animals'* by Oliver Herford, and
prrse and verse by Carolyn "Wells, Paul
Dunbar and other well-known humorists,
will be preceded by "A Retrospect of
American Humor," by Professor \V. P.
Trent/with more than thirty portraits of
famous humori3tsof the past and pres
ent, from Benjamin Franklin to "Mr.
Dooley." . ,
Little, Brown & Co. publish on October
12 a new series of Charles Lever's Novels
of Foreign Life, consisting of eleven vol
umes, which completes the new Library
Edition of Lever's works. On the same
date they also, publish a new illustrated
edition of Daudet's "Little Masterpieces,"
comprising "Letters From My Mill,"
translated by Katharine Prescott "Worm
eley, and "MonOay Tales," translated by
Marian Mclntyre.
Literary Notes.
The Affirmative Intellect.
: "American citizenship is not a privilege;
It is a.propagandum." \u25a0 ' .^^ \u25a0':
This quotation from his latest booK.
"The Affirmative Intellect," sums up the
working cieed, religious as well as social,
of tho author. Charles Ferguson, who as
by a bugle blast aroused the thinKing
world a short time ago with the profound
and virile philosophy of his "Religion or
Democracy." :."
In his present work he proclaims his
evangel in stilt clearer and more positive
tones. He preaches that the kingdom of
heaven is at hand. His philosophy deals
not with the dead past, but with the puls
ing pres'ent and the future.
And so -he studies creative forces. The
primal and spiritual impulse he finds In
faith-the faith of the affirmative intellect.
Its outward manifestations he sees in
embryo In throe social organisms— the
church, the political party and the uni
versity. The positive organisation of so
ciety, he believes, will consist in a blend-
Ing of the three— the church dedogma
tized, the party humanized by the aboli
tion of the political machine and the uni
versity democratized by an infusion of
the modern practical spirit.
To the university as the intellectual ele
ment of this combination of heart, body
and head is assigned the obligation of
leadership. Its duty is to train our
youths in American citizenship, not that
they may passively enjoy benefits con
ferred, but that they may Actively extend
the blessings of liberty and civilization
to all classes and conditions, as well as
to all peoples and nations, that are in the
world. Through them the church will be
converted to the religion of humanity,
and the state inspired with millennial
ideals, the accomplishment of which high
purposes shall rest, . nevertheless,' upon
positive, rational action. - (Published by
Funk & Wagnalls Company, New York.
Price 90 cents.)
KIPLING'S LATEST
"KIM"
The Kidnaped' Millionaires.
. "The Kidnaped Millioniiirts." by Fred
erick U. Adams, is a radical and pleasing
departure from .that prevalent fiction
which carries its followers back into ages
with which they are not familiar. Mr.
Adams contends that the present is the
most interesting, thrilling and romantic
period this world has ever, known... •
As the title indicates, the story is that
of the kidnaping. of certain modern mil
lionaires. Those who read Mr. Adams' en
tertaining story will not charge that his
plot is borrowed from the tales of.l'i'j
Foe, Reade'or Stevenson. The charm of
the story consists in the impressive
probability cf a plot which at first glance
would seem impossible. By a natural
chain of events there js» evolved a situa
tion splendid. in the dramatic intensity of
'The. Bottle is Full of Mucilage. Take it and
Pour some Mucilage into Papa's Slippers. Then
v.'l-.en Para Comes hon\e it will Be a. Que«t'on
wliejher there will be More Stick in the Slip
pers than on your Pants.
-Why, is this little Girl crying?' Because her
Mamma will not let her • put Molasses and
Feathers on the Baby's fate. What a bad
Mamma! The little Girl, who never had any
Mamma must enjoy herself. Papas are nicer
than Mammas. No little 'Girl ever Marries a
Mamma, 'and perhaps that is why Mammas
are so Had to little Oirls. Never mind; when
Mamma goes out of the Room. Slap the horrid
Baby, and if it Cries, you can tell your Mam
ma it Has the Colic.
\ -. . THE MUCILAGE.
Here we Have a Game of Croquet. Henry
has just Hit Nellie with a mallet, and Nellie
is calling Henry naughty Names. Their Mother
is not much of a' Croquet ! player, but in a
minute she will come out and Rent them Both.
THE -BAD MAMMA.
Oh. how nice and Black the Coal-Hod Is!
Run. children, Run quick and put your Little
Fat Hands in it. Mercy me, your Hands are
as Black as the Coal-Hod now! Hark '..Mamma
is comingl She will spank you when she Finds
your Hands so Dirty. Better go and Rub the
Black Dirt off on the Wall Paper before she
Comes: • •
, : THE GAME OF CROQUET. \u2666
THE COAL-HOD.
v Thl8 is a Gun, Is the Gun loaded?. Really,
I do not know. Let us Find out. Put the Qun
on the : table, and you, Susie, blow down ona
barrel, while you. Charlie, blow down the
other.. Bang! Yes, it was loaded. Run quick.
Jennie, and pick up Susie's head and Charlie's
lower Jaw before the Nasty Blood gets over
the New carpet. \u25a0
THE GUN.
Chew of Tobacco. Oh. . how Naughty it is to
Use the Filthy , Weed. It makes tha teeth
black, and Spoils the Parlor Carpet. Go quick
and Throw the horrid Stuff away. Put it in
the Ice Cream Freezer or in the Coffee Pot,
where' Nobody can See it. Little girls, you
Should never chew Tobacco. •
biography "ahdjineedcte were most prom
inent, while ill this "second series" criti
cism has .been made the leading feature,
although a brief record of theit lives is
a'so given. The contents include Julia
Marlowe. Henrietta Crosraan, Mary Shaw,
Maude -Adams, Amelia Bingham, Ida Con
quest, Phoebe Davies, Mrs. Fiske, Hilda
Spong, Annie Russell, Valerie Bergere,
Mary Mannering. 1 Mrs. Leslie Carter,
Anna Held. . Sarah Cowell Le Moyne,
Mary Sanders. Ada .Rehan, Elizabeth Ty
ree, Grace George, Margaret Anglin. Viola
Allen. and Maxine Elliott. The excellent
half-tone reproductions of the actresses
themselves, and also as they appear In
character, form a very attractive part of
the work. (Price $1 50.)
manuscript, with others, was placed^ In
the hands of Arthur M. Winfield. a friend
and fellow author, to be made into sucn
a volume as all lads might enjoy. (Pub
lished by the Mershon Company, New
York. Price,. $1 25.) •\u25a0
of 'New. York. In Florida the law has
been so "changed as to permit divorce
on the ground of insanity from which
the defendant became a sufferer after
marriage. j .;. \u25a0
To the student of this subject and to
any person who may be interested in it
this table presents an easy, method . of
comparing the laws of the various States;
and to those who are urging uniformity
oJ divorce laws, this method of compila
tion will be a saving of month3 of labor.
(Price $1 50.)'
THE RUUXO PASSIOX-By Henry Van
Dyke. Charles, Server's Sons, ie" York
\u25a0ssfsi sag 3 -„
™' H , E £ FFIRiI -*TIVE INTELLECT - By
Charles Ferguson. Funk and Wagnalls Com
pany. New York. .90c ?
TRAVELER TALES OF CHIXA-By H*z
,J H rfD UM Th Ii:R S^K*"^?* J - ?S
Nev^K-. T^ raa3T: CroweI1 a *1 Company.
STANDETH GOD WITHIX THE SHADOW-
By David Starr Jordan. Thomaa TCrow.ll
and Company. New York. S3c ' "\u25a0
riNE RIDGE PLANTATION-By TVlHIam
rs, T s s Y - crowei1 -<*\u25a0££:
FABLE3 TOR THE FAIR-rty Josephine
,?ork e °i a T m - CharIC3 Scrtbner> » Sons. N-lw
AN OKLAHOMA ROMAXCE-By He^ri
MISTRESS JOT-Ey Grace MacGowan Cook,
and Annie Booth McXInney. The CenturC
Company. New York. « 50 e niury
THE CENTURY BOOK FOR MOTHERS^
£ The C Ut ° n T ?> M " D ' and GuItavP^I
~; T Century Company. New York S2.
THE FALL OF THE CURTAIN-By HaroM"
232?' $ Ti- . Bowen - Me »"» Company^ Indian.
THE FICKLE WHEEL— By Henry < 't1w»w
Stephenson. The Bowen-MerriH Company In
dianapolis. . ... •
THE MODERN MISSION CENTURY-By \r
pan; T ke P 4 e To n r k. £^ "*
ROYAL ROGUES-Bv Alberta Bancroft, a
P. Putnam's Sons. Xotv York, v SI '
THE WAGE OF CIIARACTER-By JuH«n
Gordon. D. Appleton and Company. New York!
\u26661 -a. , . /
SOME WOMEN I HAVE KNOWN-By Maar-
Yo^lfT^ 3 " ArpIetOn and Company, n/w
A GAGE OF YOUTH AND OTHER por\fj
-By Gelett Burgee. Small. MayL*
Company. Boston *"+ra ana
WHAT CAME TO WINEFRED-By Elizabeth
Company. New York. $1 50 d
THE ARNOLD PRUrpp r>, c
A, r . *„«, Ja^s
J7r, VV1 J"n By Evalyn Eme "on. Small. May
nard and Company. Boston. 1150
THE PRIZE WATCH-By Emily Guillon Ful
ler, n* Saalfleld Publishing Company. 2Zo Q .
TO GIRLS-By HelolM Edwlna Hersty
Small. Maynard and Company. Boston
THE CHILDREN'S HEALTH-By Florence
Hull Wlnterburn. The Baker and Taylor Com
pany. New York. $125. • •
THE INDEX TO ST. NICHOLAS-PubUshed
by the Cumulative Index Company, aevelanc!
.Ohio.
Books Received.
Particularly apropos in the forthcoming
number of the Critic will be an extended
paper by Joseph B. Gilder, entitled "A
Man of Letters in the White House," be
ing, of course, a review of President
Roosevelt's career as historian and essay
ist. The article will be illustrated by por
traits and by fac similes of the title page*
of certain of President Roosevelt's pub
lished volumes and will be a welcome
tribute to* an Important phase of the
President's activity. In the same Issue
M. Edmond Rostand will be the subject
of Mr. James' illuminative analysis, and
It is safe to say that no attribute of tho
young poet-dramatist's talent will elude
the author of this paper. Mrs. Richmond
Ritchie will contribute her delightful
"Blackstick Papers," the current install
ment revolving In semi-fanciful, semi-real
fashion about. the work and personality
of. George Sand, touching 1 , in particular.
on that epoch of her career when she was
residing at Nahant. From a pictorial
standpoint the feature of the November
Critic will be Christian Brinton's paper
on "Fragonard and. the Du Barry Deco
rative Panels." The article will give the
history and setting of this series of mas
terpieces which have been so long neg
lected, and which have recently been pur
chased by J. Plerpont Morgan. The fact
that these paintings have never before
been reproduced in their entirety lends
additional moment to this article. Few
of the younger spirits of London have
attained such a reputation as critic or
caricaturist as Max Beerbohm now en
jcys. The Critic offers in its coming Is
sue an appreciation of "Max" from th^
pen of Arthur Lawrence, together with
a series of unpublished drawings of Eng
lish political, social and literary celebri
ties, quite in the actor-author's best vein.
The Oregonlan Publishing Company has
just published a very interestir.s and
valuable pamphlet apropos of the Centen
nial Exposition of Oregon to take place
in 1905— an exposition that is to" be com
memorative of the Lewis and Clark ex
pedition to Oregon, an event of tho
greatest historic significance. This hand
book is unique in the way of illustration
and matter. It has been made attractive
not only in appearance but will be found
exceedingly useful for reference as a
booklet descriptive of Portland, a leading;
deep water shipping port of the Pacific
Coast, and also of the country immediate
ly tributary to that city.
A new edition of "The Strenuous Life."
revised and brought down to the date of
the author's accession to the Presidency,
is about to be issued by the Century Com
pany. It will contain the Minneapolis and
Pan-American speeches, in addition to
other new matter, "The Strenuous Ljfe"
is a phrase that brings the name of Presi
dent McKirley's successor to every mind
and the collection of essays and addresses
bearing this title, which appeared on the
eve of the last national election, embodies
his personal and political creed and sets
forth clearly and vigorously the principles
that may be expected to guide his admin
istration.
licions writer. Her pictures fairly carry
the soft air of the" forest dawn and sav
age freedom. Nothing has ever been
written more punsently true to the bar
baric forest life and the stormy magnifi
cence of Indian,character."
THE SUNDAY CALL
The Jat and His Sick Child.
Illustration by JV Loelrrrood Kipling.
tlon. (Published by Charles Scrlbner's
Sons, New j York. Price. $1.)
Nelson the Newsboy.
"Nelson the Newsboy," by Horatio
Alger Jr., and completed by Arthur M.
Winfield; is a boys' tale relating the ad
ventures of a wide-awake lad in the great
metropolis. The youth is of unknown
parentage and Is thrown out upon his own
resources at a tender age. He becomes
at first a newsboy, and from that gradual
ly works up to something better. He is
often , tempted to do wrong — the tempta
tion becoming £ particularly hard on ac
count of his extreme \u25a0 poverty— but there
Is that in 'his make-up which keeps him
in the right path, and in the end. he be
comes a victor in more ways ; than one.
In its original form Mr. Alger intended
this story of New York life for a semi
juvenile drama. But it was j not used in
that shape,, and when the gifted' author
of so many interesting. stories for young
people had laid aside his pen forever this
of R. H. Russell's editlon-de-luxe of An
thony Hope's "Dolly Dialogues" the first
edition havins been . exhausted by the
large advance sales. It is beautifully
illustrated by Howard Chandler Christy
and contains a number of new dialoeues
written especially for this book. These
additional numbers are written with/ the
sparkle and wit that characterize all of
Mr. Hope's writings and abound with the
salient humor that > will doubtless make
them as popular as the first dialogues.
Amy Leslie, the dramatic critic la an
thority for the statement that Qtl* 3 SkinI
ner is negotiating with Mrs. Catherwool
for the dramatic rights of "Lazarre"
There Is. some, thought of the author
and the actor collaborating on the drama
tization. , Miss Leslie says further
"Somebody clever will rush in un
aware upon this 'Lazarre.' with its daz
zling pictures.its splendid adventure and
its^uperb touches of real and imposing
incident. Mrs. Catherwood Is 'such a de
The form and manner in which these
laws are placed before the reader are
as simple of 'comprehension for the lay
man as .they are for the lawyer. .
To find definite Information, such as a
specific cause for divorce. Or the j ground
for annulment of marriage, or length of
residence required, or whether service of
papers must be made personally .or can
be made otherwise, or indeed any other
item of information' on the subject cov
ered by the title of the .work, neither
books nor pages need be examined, yet
a moment's search will' furnish the de
sired knowledge. . •
' The tabulation is printed on one large
sheet of paper. , At the head of it is an
introduction with "an explanation of the
arbitrary signs ayid abbreviations used.
Then follows an alphabetical list of
States, and Territories in columns, and
on each side is an index of causes for
divorce. At . the end of each column
there is a. concise synopsis of the prac
tice In such case,, showing the jurisdic
tion of courts, the methods of service of
process, trials 'and grounds for separa
tion.
, Attention is called to the important
changes made in the divorce laws in the
District .of ' 'Columbia, in the State of
Florida^ and in the Territory of Arizona.
, '.In the first named the t changes are rad
ical, for instead of the law as it 4 now
.stands — the new law not going Into effect
; until January 1, 1902— which permits di
vorces \u25a0 for : adultery, cruelty, abandon
ment and drunkenness, the new law will
be similar to'that In force in the State
It contains a complete digest of the
divorce' laws of every State and Ter
ri'ory, placed in tabulated form, so that
by a mere glance the particular informa
tion sought for may be obtained.
. "Hirsh's Tabulated Digest of the Di
vorce Laws of the United States," by
Hugo Hirsh, has .lust' been, published by
Funk & Waghalls Company; New York.
This n j digest -Is the most unique legal
publication ever issued.
Digest of Divorcs Laws.
4
The Golden
Chimney
ELIZABETH GERBERDING. !
A very interesting story for
boys, the scene of which is laid at
the old Selby Smelting Works.
Illustrated.
PRICE $KOO Net. 1
A. M. ROBERTSON, Publisher
126 Post Street,
- ; ; San Francisco. ' .r> T would seem that riches and regal
jl power do not ajways go together; at
li any rate there are several monarchs
in receipt of salaries which the aver
age city clerk would despise.
The King of Portugal is probably the
poorest paid sovereign In Europe. He Is
supposed to receive $400,000 a year, but it
is alleged It Is some time since he received
anything at all, because money Is uncom
monly "tight" In the national exchequer.
Many of the royal dependents pay their
tradesmen with credit notes, but no doubt
in the future, when Portugal by practic
ing the strictest economy rights herself,
they will be -above par.
The Sultan is a rich man, but his posi
tion 1:5 not responsible for his wealth.
Were :.t not that he has enormous private
means he could not rule over Turkey ..be
cause some years have now elapsed since
he drew even a portion of his salary, al
though the Turks boast that he is paid at
the rale of about $4,000,000 per annum for
occupying the .throne. .This Is true— on
paper, but in reality Abdul Hamld gives
his services for nothing owing to the
bankrupt condition of his country.
Eleven dollars and a quarter a week Is
the munificent salary of the King of Sa
moa. The Berlin general act of 1SS9
brought this once powerful monarch face
to face with poverty, and settled the al
lowance mentioned upon ( h!m In lieu of
the thousands ha formerly played with.
The most humiliating fact, however, is
that his Chief Justice receives $6000 and
his President of Council $5000 a year,
while his most insignificant subject has
en Income little below his own. *
Until quite recently the King of Daho-
SOME KINGS WHO RULE ON SMALL PAY
mey received the equivalent of $5 a week
from the French Government to / enable
him to live in exile at Martinique. But
eventually he appealed for an increase in
salary in order to maintain • a larger re
tinue, with the result that he was grant
ed an additional 5 francs. After all, $3 a
week is not an exorbitant allowance for
the man who was once the most power
ful monarch in West Africa, t
The privilege of being King of Luxem
bourg is not an enviable one from a finan
cial point of view at any rate, for al
though the salary accruing to the post Is
supposed to be $75,000 a year there is often
difficulty in collecting as many hundreds.
The whole kingdom only extends over an
area of 1G00 square miles, defended by an
army of 250 men. The inhabitants pay
taxes when they choose to do so, but di
rectly the Government becomes unpopular
the country refuses to support it, and the
soldiers, whose pay is months and not in
frequently years overdue, side with the
people. At such times the, King has to
give his country credit, and at others
findsMt difficult to secure funds necessary
to uphold the dignity of a. throne.
The unfortunate Emperor Kwang Su of
China is supposed to be able to live with
out money; at all events his Government
does riot provIJe him with a penny. There
is" absolutely no grant to the reigning
monarch of China, but the Emperor has
the privilege of being able to order any
goods he may require and will not be
asked v to pay for them. The same rule
applies to the Dowager Empress, but she
receives pocket money In the shape of
$1,250,000 per annum for "giving- advice" to
the Emperor on political matters,
stockings. The ordinary wardrobe is com
posed of these articles:
Combination Suits, pad-.
ded $4.50 to 8.00
Canvas Jackets 1.00 to 1.50
Canvas Padded Pants. .. 1.50 to 2.25
Moleskin Padded Pants. 3.50 to 4.50
Khaki Padded Pants. ... 2.50 to 3.00
Jerseys, padded ).. 2.50 to 3^50
Sweaters 3.00 to 5.50
Shoes 3.50 to 8.00
Nose Guards. ..'. 1.50
Shin Guards .50 to 1.00
Head Harness 1.75 to 5.00
Stockings 75 to 1.23
Belts -0 to 1.00
Silk Elastic Ankle Brace 2.00
Silk Elastic Knee Sup
port 2-50
Silk Elastic Wrist Sup
port • 1-00
Ear Guards.... 2.0D
Silk Elastic Shoulder
Braces 3.00
So you see the cost of the outfit varies
from $23 to $40 and sometimes more. While
all these things are not necessarily bought
at one time, still a twisted ankle or wrist
calls for a brace immediately and r.o p'.ay
er is fortunate enough to get through a
season of hard plays without bains
bruised or twisted in some fashion. And
so it goes. From one seasdn to another
the things are gradually added until ther6
is nothing more to buy. The mere cost of
the necessary clothing is by no means all.
Expenses are forever bobbing up. To be
sure many of them are directly connected
with the game and then again many of
them are not, but that follows as a con
sequence.
The headgear is j the queerest looking
piece of the harness. It is. made of seven
pieces of leather softly padded. One piece
THE chrysanthemum Is in again.
When that long stemmed favorite
fills the markets it is time to un
earth your canes and to freshen
your last year's streamers, for foot
ball is Ts-ith us or.ee more.
You h<:ar on every side: "My boy shall
r.ot p!av football. I simply will not al
low him to injure himself permanently."
It has .lust come to light that many a
tr.au or woman for all that, who wags
his head so sagely and issues the edict
\u25a0witfc sc much gusto, has quite another
reason for objecting so strenuously to
football.
Besides the hours that it takes from
stndy. aside from the broken bones and
frcm tie hundred and one jolly little af
fairs tha.t a popular football hero enjoys,
there Is Quite another side to the ques
tion.
That Is the price of the outfit.
And the trouble is that one has really
little or nothing to show for the money
expended.
That Is. nothing that one could go call
ing In cr that would help out his appear
ance In any way.
The first thing that impresses a casual
watcher is the great amount of earth that
the boys carry about with them. Under
that dusty exterior are. all kinds of pad
dings, \u25a0waddings and braces.
There are three kinds of trousers—can
vas, moleskin and khaki. All three axe
heavily padded or quilted and some of
them have thigh and knee guards inserted
In them. When they put them on most
fellows look for all the world like an ex
tra large toy balloon.
Sweaters and Jerseys are universally
wcrn and there is but little difference in
them. The sweaters are rarely padded,
but the jerseys frequently are, and they
6ave aany a nasty bruise. There are all
kinds of harnesses, braces, belts and
THE ARMOR OF THE
GRIDIRON GLADIATOR
THE SUNDAY -bAXiL;
the head It fits snugly— so closely, In fact,
that* when it Is put on or 4 taken off it
tries to take all the hair along. The more
you. look at it the more It reminds you
of the tapes that buckle on the heads an*
over the ears of children to, keep ; their
ears straight and close to their heads.
And they are very much the same. .While
they do not enhance the beauty of the
wearer at any time, still they in all prob
ability save him the trouble of looking
about the field for stray ears and hdp to
keep his skull . whole.
, Another useful Dut terribly homely ar
ticle is the nose guard. Of all the numer
ous football acquisitions this is the most
disfiguring. A large, broad piece of hard
rubber that broadens out near the mouth
and that Is necessarily narrow between
the eyes, gives any face an awfully hard
expression.' The. rubber is held with s the
teeth and there are three little holes that
\u25a0upply the air. "When the game Is a nard
one and everybody is doing his level best
either one of two things happens — the rub
ber mouthpiece must be got rid of or the
player pants for. air, and needless to say
neither one helps the game out much.
So old hands cut a hole ; In the , rubber
Just above tho nostrils and then go ,on
their way • rejoicing, ' knowing that they
are not on the ragged edge, of suffocation
and that their precious nose is in no dan-
runs from the front to the back of the
head and one crosses it from ear to ear.
The piece that holds it firmly to the head
fits like a cap and is fastened to the other
ones by small rivets. From either side
are suspended round pieces with tiny
openings that fit over the ears, and from
these two flaps are two elastics, one that
fits over the chin and another that fits
under it. *
The entire affair is firm and when on
most curiqus and Interesting. While
its commercial uses are beyond the com
prehension of the needs ofj the Persian,
the Hindoo, or. the South Sea Isldander,
each of them~ is fascinated by an inven
tion which reproduces the familiar, sounds
of the human voice and entertains him
with grand and light opera and orchestral
music. Captain J. TV. "Webster of tha
transport Milwaukee, who took General
Crbnje to St. Helena, amused the old hero
and his wife with a graphophone. Al
though the Instrument is commea enough
in Johannesburg, the general knew of it
only by report. "I heard you had a bbx
that talked like a man." he said to Cap
tain "Webster through an interpreter.
Webster; telling the story, goes on: *' 'Yes,
genera!,' I replied, 'and if you and Mrs.
Cronje will come into my stateroom I will
give you an exhibition.* " They sat down
soberly in front of the talking box, and I
slipped in a cylinder containing" Moody and
Sankey's hymn, 'The Ninety and Nine.'
which I had been told they sang in their
own language. The effect was startling.
They recognized the tune at once, and
Mrs. Cronje burst suddenly Into tears.
Her husband turned away and wiped his
eyes, and I 'could see by the spasmodic
clasping and unclasping of his hands that
General Cronje himself was deeply affect
ed. To relieve the tension I put on a rec
ord with a lively banjo s>olo, and in a mo
ment the old gentleman began to smile
and teat time with his feet and head, his
gray beard wagging to the melody. .It
was f unrw to see him. When the music
had ceased a black Kaffir boy ser
vant, wbo had followed the party in. said
awesomely that there was a devil in the
box. Cronje frowned down the sugges
tion, but asked whether.it wasn't done by
some trick, like ventriloquism, making an
expressive gesture with hi3 lips. To sat
isfy.him, I took the machine apart and ex
plained the principle, and he seemed deep
ly Interested. I left the instrument at St.
Helena."— H. E. Armstrong in Alnslee's.
Cronje and the Qraphophone.
c=jj=5 HE graphophone is beginning to fig
ure as a considerable American ex
11 port, and certainly it is one of the
None of the football paraphernalia is
much, for beauty, and the players gener
ally look like so many wild Indians after
they have literally wallowed in mud on
several occasions. If a chap's own mother
met him after dark she would run like a
whitehead, and nothing could persuade
her that a son of hers could look so like a
cutthroat. But all this goes toward mak
ing a player attractive, sought after and
a veritable hero.
The shoes of a football player look
three times heavier than those of an or
dinary chap. If they were " higher they
would serve admirably for hunting boots,
for a time, but the rubber would soon
wear off. Directly -over the ankle bone
an extra piece of leather is inserted. That
is for two reasons— strength and thick
ness. The soles are heavy but are hand
sewed and soft. To prevent sliding there
are" six or seven rubber pieces that stand
up like so many spikes, both on the solo
and the heel. ' \u25a0
When, the ankles and wrists are incased'
in silk braces there is hardly a part of the
hody that is not fairly well protected. The
arms are not padded or hindered from
working freely, for bungling is a .thing
that is not easily forgiven. But there
are shoulder braces that help out the fel
low with a we;ik collarbone.
ger. "When- taken off there Is frequently
a red mark as a reminder, for a rubber
band encircles the brow and holds the
top of the guard in place.
The shin guards are not dreams of
beauty, but they cover that part of the
body that gets the hardest, the meanest
and the most frequent blows and kicks.
Everybody will readily remember the days
when his shins were perpetually bound
in turpentine and bacon, as the result of
stealing the neighbors' apples, so tha
guard is put on right merrily and an im
mense lot of trouble averted.THE SUNDAY CALL.THE Camera Club Is doing itself
proud.
Did you happen to meet any
body. Saturday or Sunday, wearing
a yellow badge with "Official pho
tographer" gayly printed on it? If you
did. he was one of the 130 disciples who
worship at the 'altar of camera craft. He
was one of the crowd that started out to
reach all San Francisco In a day or die
In the attempt. '
It was a whim, u caprice, of the club
Dr. Arnold (Xi.the does not have to
worry much about his portraits. . Any
thing that bears his name is duly ad
mired. One' of his best known and best
liked pictures !s that of Henry Miller.
Truly It Is a clever bit of work. '
This year's salon certainly ought to be
a howling .suOcess., for the, photographic
work in San Francisco Is becoming better
known. In the Chicago exhibition a few
weeks ago seventeen pictures by Camera
Club people were hung.
When they were returned a letter came
saying that Chicago would Veturn . the
So studies from all over the Unlt«J
State? are expected and are being duly
provided for. And that Is not all.
Scotland wants to be- represented, too.
She wants to prove to our wide-awake
nation that she is not as slow as most
people make her out to be. But Scotland
and the club are old friends. A!> of the
framed pictures that hang above the
boards were sent across the ocean and
most or them bear. Scottish names and
titles.
So. slowly but surely, the art3 are be
ins recognized on the Western coast, and
photography is not the last, nor yet th«
least. .
The entire scheme has been a "presto,
change", affair. ... » ' .
The best part of it all is that the public
are to be benefited by It. The prints are
to be hung on'the boards and the public
are at perfect liberty to make a lightning
trip, over the city.
One ; room in the salon, which is to be
held at the Mark Hopkins Institute, will
be hung with these local pictures.
The members have been turning out some
rattling good stuff lately— work that. New
Yorkers say are "fine specimens of the
photographers' art."
But the compliment was' deserved, and
while the club as a body grew taller and
several Inches wider In consequence they
felt that, their work was worth, some
recognition.
W. J. Street has made a specialty of
../..\u25a0••-\u25a0\u25a0. . (\u25a0-"\u25a0'"
What was the color of the air in the
clubrooms?.
tne. table to reach the board, and crash!
went his foot through the precious 5 by 6
plates.'
Saturday evening was devoted to China
town; The rookeries, joss houses. and dens
were all too quiet in the daytime. So. with
an influential merchant opening the way.
a troop of camera cranks poured bravely
into every nook and cranny of the Chi
nese quarters. The negatives that were
considered the finest and best— a jhalf
dozen—were laid carefully on a table in
the clubrooms for .future use. Not five
minutes later a newcomer jumped on
One hundred and thirty men were cho
sen. Each man was given a district to
rover, and was instructed to do it thor
oughly and to the best of his ability.
Ench worker was to take not less than
twelve pictures, and as many more as he
pleased.
t<? set all the pictures for an ex.noitioii
as nearly at once as possible* Outsiders
laughed up their sleeves at such an ab
surd proposition. How could every street,
every building of consequence and every
person of note be 'successfully^photo
graphed in such a short time? It has
been done. - . \u25a0 '
AIL. Coombs holds up the foreign end
of the cl,ub. Some of his Japanese land
scapes have set others to thinking, and
eventually, to working. \u25a0'"
Charles C. Goe runs to studies.' His ef
fects He mainly In heavy shadows and in
soft lightings. ' "
W.' B. Webster Is a clever amateur.
The rustic side of' life appeals to him. A
pasture with, grazing cattle or a dairy
maid sends him hot-footed. after his never
distant snapshooter.
The best dog and puppy pictures on the
boards were made ty W. Hochstadter.
The number of negatives made are the
least of. the. troubles If he.eatches one
that especially takes -his hard-to-p!ease
eye.. '\u25a0 \u25a0 .,'.•'. .'..-'. - ' ' ,-;'
local scenery. The alamec!3 at the Pre
sidio takes on the air of a foreign walk
•under his careful eye. His aim is to pro
duce" an exact likeness, but from an en
tirely different point of .view if possible.
No spot in Golden Gate Park but
knows him as a'freque'rit and a welcome
visitor.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE CAMERA CLUB AND ITS WORK.
7THE SUNDAY CAI/L.
f~y AN FRANCISCO is a long vray
V^->^ f rcm the art centers of ths world—
y~| too lor.g a way, by far. for the
K. J happiness of its art lovers. But
4 even on this remote coast we ar3
now and then treated to a glimpse of
some painting bearing a signature known
the world over or heralded by the potent
announcement cf a Salon experience.
And. too, we sometimes entertain angels
unawares. California has already pro
duced painters who have met with recog
nition in the Kast and abrcad, and it is
The painting is brilliant with action,
with exdtement that is as much sup
pressed as expressed. Boldly i\-.e figure
of the Old Guard stands out, the scarred
battleground for its relief. The doubt of
the soldiers as their lire is halted: the
mad courage of the hero; these- can be felt
in the vt:.- air.
"The Su. tan's Guard" is a treasure
brought by Morris from the Salon. It is
a canvas whoso value bears no relation
to its size, for a goodly price is put upon
this dark head and the canvas lii a tiny
begins when one' is jurt b"g enough to tot
ter .under the . heavy sack and it enris
v.-hen ci:g dies. The whole life story is in
this one pese of patient weariness. Thcie
is no hint of onmplaint In the old face,
only, calm endurance, acceptance of her
lot.
The country is fresh and beautiful, the
winding: road •;\u25a0 tempting. It suggests
lazy summer and lovers' rambles. There
is a subtle contrast between this back
ground and the loveless, lonely figure ij»
the fertsreund. *
thins; small enough to nt Into any odd
comer of wall.
It was painted by a rich Dutchman and
a famous, a man who paints for the love
of his brush and to whom the price of
his work is the least consideration. Von
Altena ls the man; Von Altena of loyal
Holland blood and fiery Boer sympathies.
The Boer war ought to mean much to him
and his art and it doubtless will prove to.
The head is a daring, piece of
executed with the bold originality that
has characterized that, great v school of
Dutch painters all these long years.
Dark by race, bronzed by weather ex
posure, the face stands out in splendid
relief. A fez carelessly worn gives color,
warm and rich and Oriental. I -
A Challebard is at Gump's, "La, Ramas
seuse d'Herbe" it Is called. , It ls a pa
thetic study of an old herb gatherer rest
ing on her weary way with the great sack
of herbs that she must have carried long,
oh, so long already, and that must be car
ried much farther, judging from the dis
tance of the . winding country road.
Adown it is no stopping place to be seen,
and this cajries the thought that the old
woman's steps will be weary ones long
before she is through with her journey.
• In France the work of herb eatherlns
It was suicide, as he supposed: but the
story runs on to tell how, when the guns
"of the enemy were raised on the* Instant
to fire the commander stopped them. Th«
courage and the loyalty of the Old Guard
won for him his life.
"Vive l'Empereur!" by Desvarreux, Is
the most stunning thing that comes here
from the Salon. It Is at Gump's and ls
held there as the piece de resistance. It
ls founded upon the- story of the Old
Guard at the end of the battle of Water
loo; the old, defeated warrior who dashed
on his horse in the face of the conquer
ing enemy with what he believed to be
his last t-liout:
"Vive I'Empereur!"
bound to produce more and more as the
State grows in numbers and education.
There are now some gems by local artists
—gems as yet unset by popular acclaim.
Just now the local galleries are ex
hibiting a number of good things that
are worth the looking at. Gump has sev
eral wanderers In the way of paintings
that have found their way here from th«
last Salcn and are being newly exhibited
In San Francisco. William Morris has
some lecal work to show that may yet
win fame for Californians.
The painting chows, how; an old theme
can be. made new. Far from original In
conception, still the painting reached the
high-water mark at the last Salon. It is
an old, old theme, in fact,, but one that
will bear many and divers brushes. The
contrasts. direct, unconcealed; the con
ception treatment are simple; the
picture is human. ;It. is one to reach the
hearts*of men and women, rather than to
dazzle by : its brilliancy.. ' "~ \u25a0 .
The French artists know and love." their
peasants. Both of these pictures are of
the people— their subjects are drawn from
the masses." Again this.- is shown in
"VMauvais Temps" ("Bad Weather"), • by
Maroniez. it is a group of fisher folk seen
"Le Chemin de Salnt-Loup," or "The
Route of Saint-Loup," by Camille Bel
langer, contains a figure s that suggests
comparison with that of the old herb
gatherer. It Is the old fagot woman sit
ting beside the road. Another figure ap
pears here— the figure . of a young and
lovely girl. The ' contrast of youth and
age has given rise to the popular name
"May and December," by which the
French people were calling the picture
before. it had" been long exhibited. The
nickname shows what its popularity was
in. Paris. . i : i?i-V-> . ' \u25a0
' The 7 $5000 - "Alhambra," gorgeously
framed, also hangs at Morris' to live up
The picture Is called i "An* Incident of
the Frontier." And a very thrilling inci
dent it is, as well as true to life. A stage
is dashing down the .dusty road pursued
hot and close by a band of Indians. The
furious speed of the horses, the excited
lashing of them by the driver, the swift
pursuit, all give action that thrills at a
glance. Hansen knows the country, too.
In this as well as his other work there,
is the glittering sunlight of the desert—
the sunlight that sketches shadows black
and sharp. The atmosphere "feels hot.".
The horses in this work are studies, in
thomselves. Hansen makes a specialty of
his Western horses and all of them show
the hard 'life that they lead, the strength
and . stubborn endurance that often lie
hidden under a weary aspect but that are
ever ready for the j emergencies of their
life, such as an Indian pursuit. One small
study is of- a pinto," a staid-looking old
fellow, but_a fellow that Mr. Hansen says
'•only" wants a little provocation to show
what real bucking is." ; .
I In Morris' gallery the calcium Is just
now upon a painting by Hansen, that Ger
man who is teaching us things about our
own American frontier. It is rather a
bitter pill to swallow— the fact that he
knows more about interpreting the fron
tier than we do_ ourselves, but we might
as well gulp it down and be graceful
about it. ' • \u25a0 . . \u25a0
in a storm-hidden light- against a back
ground of angry "surf. The. light is sharp
and strong. where it shines through a rift
in the clouds; around this the darkness of
the ominous weather is setting in. Some
of the figures are dimly seen; others
stand out cleariy In the blotch of light.
\u25a0 . Joullin has been in Arizona on one of his
frequent trips to the desert, where he
finds his greatest inspiration. '\u25a0 It is said
that he has some fine things to show as
the result of his wanderings: •" .
All the artists hereabouts are working
busily over new canvases. One of Orrin
Peck's latest has just been > exhibited at
the Sorosis Club. It ls called "The Cab
bage Garden" and was the trump card at
the exhibit.. ..,.-.,.
The art world is busy just now as the
fall advances and exhibits are coming on
The Sorosis Club has already been show
ing San Francisco something of what its
artists could accomplish. The Hopkins
Institute will rpen its doors In Novem
ber, and the Sketch Club is beginning its
annual preparations for an exhibit of local
talent. S*5**%SSS*£- y - -
A group of huddling sheep Is- by
Schenck. They are bunched in a driving
storm, the tiny lambs in the foreground
protected by their sturdier elders. Whirl
ing snow can be seen advancing in the
distance. The anxiety of the /old sheep,
compared with ' the distress but at the
same time the confidence of the lambs
who know no responsibility, is worth
studying. . . . .*.---,
Hill's "Yosemite" : is one of the" collec
tion. It ls a magnificent vista looking up
the valley from Inspiration . Point, ihow
lng El Capitan and the Three Brothers
In the foreground.- The glowing light on
the summits and the soft shadows below
call up a picture of the YosemKe dear to
all those who have been there.
A picture of timely Interest is one of
Keith's now on exhibition at Vickery's, a
portrait of Professor Le Conte. It ls the
face of the scholar and the teacher,' and ls
Inspiring In both characters. '\u25a0 . . -
The Crocker mansion, which has lately
been ihe home of J. Pierpont Morgan, has
some rare' paintings In its gallery. Mor
gan is a great admirer of art— ho finds
time to admire it even in the midst. of .his
pressing life. as a man of affairs, and be
spent much time with the Crocker pict
ures.. - : .-;.-\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 , . '- ..'-• -• .... • - .
'\u25a0 The painting represents a corner under
Moorish ar*ches where a little group sit
listening to a chief recounting his > ex
pjoits in Moorish battle. There is a good
deal of lazy Orientalism in the way they
are listening; the recounter shows by far
the greatest interest in the exploits. A
child near by is idly playing with a bird
on its hand, " evidently ceasing to listen
to the "grown-up" talk.
. The distance down the arched corridor
ls one of the most striking things about
the painting. It reaches away into sha
dowy and tempting recesses that seem to
vanish far beyond the limits of the plc
ture|s frame.
Matilda Lotz is - a Californian whose
work is growing day by day. She is espc
•cially successful in her animal studies, al
. though £he by no means confines herself
to them, and her painting called "Medita
tion" \u25a0 is one of these. It shows- a fox
hound, a deer hound and a skye terrier all
apparently in solemn conclave just as we
have seen dogs many a time"* when they
seeired to be bent upon serious problems.
Miss Lotz is partly a Californien, for
she moved here from Tennessee when she
was still very small and when her career
was not yet. decided upon. It was here
that : she received her _ first inspirations
which she has since taken to Paris. It was
here, too, that she achieved some measure
'of her success, for she won the Alvord
gold medal. But Paris is her home now;
. from there she occasionally crosses the
to its reputation. It Is of local value, be
ing by £1. Humphrey Mbore, who, as you
may or may not know, is a native Call
fornlan. He has made his headquarters
in Nice, and Paris for so Ions that. Cali
fornia needs an occasional reminder like
tMs of her far-away native son who went
•abrcad for.his.fame. -• ':-.: '
The studio next to his is now occupied
by Blendon Campbell, that young painter
who has been spending some time abroad
largely upon Dutch subjects. Now that
he has returned he is trying California
landscapes, close in the vicinity of San
Francisco. His newest canvas is a elimusA
of Fish alley, the first Chinatown thema
that he has ever attempted.
Richard Partington is showing some
Alvarado Pictures that are worth while.
A n *?' , n ri 1 f hbor of v Us ls the sculptress
Sarah Whitney, who has just returned
from abroad. She was a pupil of Rodin
which fact speaks for itself, for Rodin
doesn't take pupils as a general thin~
Art ls the thing talked about this fall
weather, so we must rub up rusty terms
prepare for the exhibits and at least pral
'^ d «? a^ w ® h , a I? been connoisseurs from
Old World galleries all our Uvefc
"Tradition, history, would not interest
me," Martinez says, "if I did not remem
ber that the men and women of past ages
were the same that they are to-day Dif
ferences are superficial. Even the cod of
one age Is the god of another, save m
name only." ; r i \u25a0;.,t-
The next i3 still untouched. It la to
show the Aztec period, when the sacriMea
was the blood of man, of the human
prisoner.
Martinez is hard at work on a series
of three paintings which are to repre
sent the three epochs of Mexico. Th«
first belongs to the Maya period, the most
Ideal, he says, the most poetical, for the
religion was beautiful rather than fierce.
The painting shows a woman of that
period making her offering of flowers.
: The next is a Toltec offering, during the
time when the blood of quails was spilled
as an offering to the prods.
it, but It Is a restful sadness.
"Americans like that sort of thing In a
picture better than they like action " is
his theory. • "They are so restless, so
strenuous by nature, that pictures of this
kind appeal to them as soothing. A pict
ure full of action, excitement, hijrh
pitched emotion, irritates them as a red
rag does a bull."
channel to attend to some, commission
which she Is painting for the English no
bility. . ' ' •• .- /
Valencia- has a snatch cf Alameda
marsh on exhibition, the dim light reflect
ed in the dull water. He keeps closely to
local themes and has done some of . his
best work in Marin 'County, "An Old
Adobe" is one of his more ambitious can
vases, being along the line of Peters
work. .;
Other local things which Morris has are
a study" of Mount Shasta by Best, a view
of the mountain from the S'skiyou side
with the lisht of dawn striking the moun
tain full and brilliant while the trees be
low still lie in shadow of late night: and
some of Mary Hinkson's California fruit
studies that, deserve to win fame for us
both artistically and horticulturally.
fveitn has just finished some wonderful
Sierra pictures, that show the veteran to
be as young and fresh and enthusiastic a
nature lover as ever. A3 usual, he di
vides his time between human nature and
"natural nature," having just exhibited a
portrait of ex-President Kellogg of Berke
ley, one of Le Conte. and being now at
work putting the finishing touches on his
Sierra studies.
Thad Welsh is another wanderer from
San Francisco who will have much' to
bring back to us. He is .still in the Yo
semite delighting, as ever, in the wonders
there that he has such success in inter
preting.
Cadenasso is devoting himself to the
eucalyptus tree, which he believes opens
many an untouched field to the artistic
world. The eucalyptus tree is almost un
tainted as yet. His canvases show how
strongly the mystery, gloom and dignity
of the tree appeal to him. There is a
touch of sadness in all tlvse painting.3 of
IN THE
ART WORLD.
8(Continued next week.)
to see the city. -On the way downtown
he remembered that he' was in business—
the 'law. business— and - that it would be
well to drop in and let his. uncle know he
was in the city. On second thought, how
ever/: he, concluded ' it. 1 ; was too ; near \u25a0 2
o'clock to. waste any time on business, so,
the office did' not, know that he was in
town until the next day, and then: to no
great extent. '" " v ' v * \u25a0,.;:' '\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0'}\u25a0 \u25a0:
For several hours he revelecl in her so-,
ciety, sitting ' beside her. In that roomy
brougham, j Aunt \u25a0 Yvonne opposite, - ex
plaining to her the many places of: inter
est- as they passed. They entered j the Cap
itol ; ; they i saw \u25a0 the White House, ~ and, - as
they were driving .- back : to '.-\u25a0: the hotel,
passed the President of the United States.
, Miss '"; Guggenslocker/ when .informed
that > the President's carriage; was ; ap
proaching,;, relaxed, gracefully from I the
stately ' reserve .that ' had been puzzling
him and I revealed an eager curiosity.';. Her
eyes fastened' themselves upon the .\u25a0\u25a0Presi
dent/.' Lorry finding .entertainment in; tlie
changes: that came over' her unconscious
face.*. Instead of noting the veneration: he
had.' expected, ':' he . was :\u25a0 astonished J arid
somewhat : provoked \ to \u25a0'. see ;• a • slight curl
of disgust at theA corners of . her \u25a0 mouth"; a
pronounced' disappointment in her eyes.
Her face expressed ridicule; pure and sim
ple," and, he was shocked to observe, the
exposure was unconscious, therefore sin
cere.- ,.* ' '. '; .-'-..'. ' :\u25a0\u25a0 ."' \.
' '"You do'not like our ruler?" he said, as
In ah hour he, was at home and relating
to his mother the story of his wanderings,
neglecting, for reasons _ best known to
himself, the events. which occurred. after
Denver had been left behind, except for a
casual allusion to "a party of foreigners."
At 1 o'clock, faultlessly attired, he de
scended to the -brougham, , telling. Mrs.
Lorry that he 'had, invited some strangers
aoouc her aunt and cried, as she drew
away in the direction of her. room: VAt
2, then, and at dinner this evening. I bid
you good-morning, Mr. Lorry."
The young man, d^ighted with the.turn
of affairs, but dismayed by' what seemed
a summary* dismissal, bowed low. He
waited until the strange trio entered ,the
elevator and then sauntered downstairs,,
his hands in his pockets, his heart as light
as air. Unconsciously he jingled. the coins.
A broad smile came over, his face as he
drew forth a certain piece. Holding it
between his thumb and forefinger he said:
"You are what it- cost her to learn my
name, are you? Well, j my good- fellow,
you may be very small, but you bought
something that looks better, than Gug
genslocker on a hotel register. V Your mis
tress is an odd bit of humanity, a most
whimsical bit, I must say. First, she's
no and then she's yes.",. You're lucky, my
coin, to have fallen into ; the mercy', of
strangers for the sake of a whim. You
are. now retired on a pension, well de
served after valiant service In the cause
of a most ca?riciou3 queen." /
the carriage whirled by. He was return
ing his hat to his head as he spoke.
"I cannot say. I do not know, him," she
replied, ' a j tinge" of | sarcasm . in her voice.
"You Americans have . one consolation;
when you tire of a ruler you can put an
other.in his place. Is it not wise to do so
quite often?" ... \u25a0 „ .. ••-.\u25a0..;\u25a0 .
' ;v"I? don't > think wise Is the word. Ex
pedient is better^ . I am to infer that you
have no politics." \ ' • ,-->-•'
. - ' "One house \ has , ruled our. land J for cen
turies. Since I came to your. land I have
\u25a0 not once seen a j man wave his hat .with
mad adulation and .cry ' from j his 1 heart,
:'Long live: the .President!' For centuries,
in' my country, every : child has been born ;
with the words, 'Long live the Prince!' in
his heart;' and he learns to say. them next
after the t dear .;. parental words are mas
tered." 'Long live the. Prince!'- 'Long live
the Princess!' ;are. tributes of ,love and
honor that greet our rulers from, birth ;to
death. r: We are not-fickle,' and we have no
politics^"'.'; • - '. '\u25a0 .'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0;.;\u25a0 ' '\u25a0' *"\u25a0' /'
"Do. your/ rulers tin horns, brass
bands, campaign yells,., firecrackers and
stump speeches every^ four, years ? ' -: Do
they know what it means to be the vplun
\u25a0 tary choice of "a whole nation? Do^ they
know what It is. to rule because. they, have
won the right and hot because they "'were
born to it? Has there ever been a hom
age-surfeited/ruler in your: land; who has
known. the joy that comes with the knowl
edge'that he has" earned the right to be
? . >
cheered from one end of the country to
the other? Is there not a difference be
tween your hereditary 'Long live the
Prince' and our wild, enthusiastic, spon
taneous 'Hurrah for Cleveland! 1 . Miss
Gugggenslocker? All men are equal at
the. beginnings. In our land. The. man who
wins the highest gift that can be be
stowed by seventy millions of people is
the man who had brains and not title as
a. birthright."- He was a- bit exasperated.
"There! I have displeased you again.
You i must pardon my antiquated ideas.
We, as true and loyal subjects of a good
sovereign, cannot forget that our rulers
are born, not made. Perhaps we are af
flicted at times with brainless monarchs
and are to be pitied. You are generous
in your selection of potentates; be gener
. ous, then, with me, a benighted royalist,
who craves, leniency of one who may some
day be President of the United States."
"Granted, without discussion. As possi
ble, though not probable, President of the
United States, I am magnanimous to an
unfortunate who can never hope to be
princess, no matter how well she might
grace the gilded throne."
y She greeted this glowing remark with a
smile so Intoxicating that he felt himself
the most favored of men. He saw that
smile in his mind's eye for months after
ward, that, maddening sparkle of Joy,
which flashed from her eyes to the very
bottom of his heart, there to snuggle for
ever with Memory's priceless treasures.;
Their dinner was but one more phase of
this fascinating dream. . More than once
; he feared that he was about to awake to
find bleak unhappiness where exquisite
joy had reigned so gloriously. As it drew
to an end a sense of depression came over
him. An hour at most was- all that he
could have with her. Nine o'clock was
"drawing "nigh -with its regrets, Its long-
Ings, , its desolation. - : He determined to
retain the pleasures of the present until,
amid the clanging of bells and the roll
of car wheels, the dismal future began.
His intention to accompany them to the
station was expressed as they were leav-
"Yes. And' will you 'dine with us^ this
evening?" Her Invitation was so. unax
pectedi In view of air that had happened,
that he looked askance, . "Ach, you must
not .treat .my... invitation , as . I did
yours,", she cried, merrily, although
he could detect the blush that : returng
with the recollection of a reprimand.
"Yoir should prorit by what J have been
taught." The girl. abruptly threw her arm
"Your kind' offices shall never" be for
gotten, sir. When are the ladles to be
ready?" . (
Lorry was weighing in his mind the ad
visability of asking them to dine in the
evening with his mother, but two objec
tions presented themselves readily. Flrat,
he was afraid of this perverse maid; sec
ond, he had not seen his mother. In fac:,
he did' not know that she was in town.
"At 2.' o'clock, 'I fancy. You leave, at 5
to-night, do you not?"
Mr. and Mrs. Guggenslocker stared in
a bewildered sort of manner- at:. their
niece. Then Aunt Yvonne turned ques
tioning eyes toward her husband," who
promptly bowed low before the tall
American and said:. ' .
"You make me happy again," he said,
softly, as they drew near the elder mem
bers of the party, who had paused* t<j
wait for. them. "I shall ask your uncle
and aunt to accompany us."/.
"Uncle Caspar; will be busy all day, but
I am sure my aunt will be charmed. Auit
Yvonne.. Mr. has asked us to drive
with him over the city, and I have ac
cepted for you. When' are we to start,
Mr. Lorry?". - -
"I absolve the penitent," he said, grave
ly, i-t .
"I thank you. You are still my saeal
American — courteous, bold and gentle. I
do not wonder that Americans can be
masterful men. And now I thank you for
your invitation, and ask you to let me
withdraw my implied refusal. If you
will take me for .the drive, I. shall be
delighted and more than grateful."
His wrath melted away like snow be
fore the sunshine." How could he resist
such an appeal? "I beg for the first time
In my life," whirled in his brain! -..-What
did she mean by that? ,
I beg for the first time in my life. You
have been so good to me; be good to m<!
still." . .
'7 shall never forget the
past few days/' he said,
a thrill in his voice.
He made a pretense of reading the
morning paper. There was nothing iu
interest him on those cold, commonplace
pages, not one thing— but wait! A
thought struck him suddenly, and tor
ten minutes he searched the columns ts
siduously, even nervously. J Then he
threw down the paper with a sigh of ru
llef. \u25a0 •
There was nothing to Indicate that her
train had been wrecked. She had un
doubtedly reached New York In safety.
He lrfoked at his watch. She was proba
bly enjoying her breakfast at that mo
ment. Perhaps she was thinking of him,
and— perhaps not. • . •
If Lorry slept that night he was not
aware of It. The next morning, after lie
had breakfasted with his mother, he trte«l
in vain to recall a minute of the time be
tween midnight and eight a. nl. in which
he did not think of the young woman
who had flown away with his tranquillty.
All night long he tossed and . thought.
He counted ten thousand black sheep
jumping over a pasture fence, but after
the task was done and the sheep ha>l
scattered, he was as far from sleep as
ever. Her face was everywhere. Her
voice filled his ear with music never-ceas
ing, but It was not, the lulling music that
invites drowsiness. He heard the clock
strike the hours from 1 to 8, when he
arose, thoroughly disgusted with hlmaslf.
Everything seemed to taste bitter or to
look .blue. That breakfast was a grea:
strain on his natural politeness. He wor
shiped his mother, but in several in
stances that morning he caught himself
just In time to prevent the utterance of.
some sharp rejoinder to her pleasant,
motherly queries. Twice she was com
pelled to repeat questions, his mind be
ing so far away that he heard nothing:
save words that another woman had ut
tered, say twenty-four hour3 before. HIa
eyes were red,' and there was a heavy
droop to the lids; his tones were drawling
and his voice strangely without warmth;
his face was white and tired.
"You are not well, Grenfall," his
mother said, peering anxiously into hia
eyes. "The trip has done you up. Now,
you must take a good, long rest and ; re
cover from your vacation." . . .
He smiled grimly.
"A man never needs a rest so much a,*
he ,does at the end of his vacation, cb,
mother? Well, work will be restfuL . ,1
shall go to the office this morning and do
three days' work before night. That wtil
prove'to you that I am perfectly well."
V— SENTIMENTAL EXCHANGE.
A white hand fluttered before his eyes,
and she was gone. He stood, hat in hand,
watching the two red lights at the end of
the train until they were lost in the night.
A startled, expression flashed across her
face, and her lips parted as If in protes
tation. As she leaned forward, holding
stoutly to the hand-rail, there was no
smile on her countenance.
"You must come to Edelweiss to see
me. I shall expect you!" He thought there
was a challenge in the tones. Or was it
mockery?
'.'I will, by heaven, I will!" he ex
claimed.
As he swung out; ready to- drop to the
ground, she-said, her eyes sparkling with
something that suggested mischief, her
face more bewitching than ever under the
flicker of the great arc lights:
"I have, indeed, for you saw me before
I saw you. I am. glad I have not changed
for the worse In your eyes."
"As .1 first knew you with my eyes, I
will say that they are trustworthy," sho
said tantalizingly.
"I do not mean that I have changed ex
ternally." \ %
"In any other case my eyes would not
serve," she .cried with mock disappoint
ment. "Still," she added, sweepingly.
"you are my ideal American. Good-by!
The man has called 'all .• " oard" " :
"Good-by!" he said, swinging up on the
narrow step beside her. Asrain he clasped
her band as she drew back in surprise.
"You are going out of my land, but not
out of my mind. If you wish your eyes to
see the change In me, you have only to
look at them In . a mirror. They are tha
hope that I may see you agaln." -
She hesitated an instant, her eyes wa
vering beneath his. The train was mov
ing slowly now. »
"I pray that. we may meet." she said,
softly, at last— so softly that he barely
heard the words. Had she uttered no
sound he could have been sure of her re
sponse, for It was in her telltale eyes.
His blood . leaped madly. "You will be
hurt if you wait until the train Is running
at full speed," she cried, suddenly return
ing to the abandoned merry mood. She
pushed him gently in her excitement.
"Don't you see how rapidly we are mov
ing? Please go!" There was a terror In
her eyes that pleased him.
"Good-by, then!" he cried.
"Adieu, my American!" she cried,
quickly. . • •
"Not as I have been since?" he cried.
'-'Have you changed since I first saw
you?" she asked quaintly. .
"You are mistaken. Why should I for
get you— ever? Are you not the ideal
American whose name I bought? I shall
always remember you as I saw yoy— at
Denver." . • '
She drew her hand away gently, but did
not take her eyes away from his upturned
face.
"I shall never forget the past few days,"
he said, a thrill in his voice. "Ycu have
put something into my life that can. never
be taken away. You will forget me be
fore you are out of "Washington, but I— I
shall always see you as you are now."
"And now it Is good-by forever. I am
so sorry that I have not seen more of
you." she said. He took her hand and
.held It tightly for a moment.
"Or I can assist her," Lorry hastened,
to add, giving her a grateful look which
she could not misunderstand. The uncle
shook hands warmly with the youns man
and passed up the steps. She was follow
ing when Lorry cried:
"Will you not allow me?"
She laughingly turned to him from the
steps and stretched forth her hand.
The tall, soldierly old gentleman was
waiting to assist his niece into the coach.
"Go first. Uncle Caspar," the girl made
Lorry happy by saying, "I can easily
come up unaided."
"It 13 nine o'clock. Perhaps you would
better get aboard," he said, and pro
ceeded to assist Aunt Yvonne up the
steps. She turned and pressed his hand
gently before passing Into the car.
"Ad(eu, good friend. You have made
it so very-pleasant for us," she said, earn
estly. • .
ing the table. She had beg-un'to say good*
by to liim when he- Interrupted, self-con
sciousness forcing the - words hurriedly
and dlsjointedly from his lips: ;
"You Will let me go to the station with
you. I shall— er— deem It a pleasure."
She raised her eyebrows slightly, but
thanked him and said she would consider
it an honor. His face grew hot and hl3
heart cold with the fancv that there wa?
ln-her eyes a gleam which said: "I pity
you, poor fellow.." \u25a0.-.-!; \
Notwithstanding his strange misgiving
and the fact that his pride had sustained
quite a perceptible shock, he drove with*
them to the station. They went to the
sleeping car a few minutes before the
time set for the train's , departure, and
stood at the bottom of the steps, utter-
Ing the good-bys, the godspeeds and* the
sincere hope that they might meet again.
Then came the sharp activity of the train
men, the hurry of belated passengers. He
glanced soberly at his watch.
GrFnfall Lorry, a young man of weaiih and
positi.-r.. M!H!e travclit.s on the Denver E\
irc:s ! a? his im-rest suddenly awakened in
a ne*a£rtc*Mjr attractive young woman who la
with her unci* and nunL He is nuzz»ins hi«
brain for a way to make her acquaintance
when the opportunity offers itself by the tralri
3f-.-i;i«>rtaI!y lenMr.B .hem both in a imall town
"' ,'f rnounusJn diarist. Lorry wires ahea-1
;iiiJ by hiring a team manaRfs, after a roma!.
tl<- Cri^c. t-> catch ft« uatn at th» next sta
lion. 1 v th.g nicHus h« nmna^cx to becom*
«<uit<- R...I fri-nds wih th- party. He Is rather
.lir.ioncoiir/l to find that bi lovely a creature
; ., • " v * th2 na «»* «f "GuRgrenslocker.*
I!" hrpn n c?e more /if Uipm. for he learns
that thry will <top over a day in \V*fhlnnton.
where Lorry live?. Anivins at the fetation
they r»t .-m b»for? h«Ja dressed, and he feais
ihr.t I*- h:-.s misled them.
CHAPTER IV— Continued.
THE INVITATION EXTENDED.
"3 O to the devil— j fs . here! Take
these trars and these checks and
<(] rush my stuff to No. W ave
nue. Trunks just in on Baltimors
RCd Ohio!" he <ri«d. tossing his burdens
to a transfer man and giving him the
checks BO qukkljr that the fellow's sleepy
eye? opeoe4 wider than they had been for
a month. Relieved of his'iinpedlrr.enta. he
returned to the station.
"Good moraine. Mr. Lorry. Are you In
too much of a hurry to see your friends?"
cried a < lear. musical voice, and he
rtoppod as if shot. The anxious frown
• fiew from h:s= brow and \u25a0was succeeded in-
Etantantously by' a glad smile. He
wheeled and beheld her. with Aunt Yvon
ne, rtrnr the main entrance to
the Fta-.ion. "Why, good morning." he
c>:c;;iiffi<'d. extending bis hand gladly. To
bis amazement she drew herself up
rsujrhtily ar.d ignored the proffered hand.
Only for a brief second did this strange
and uncilled-for hauteur obtain. A bright
rmiie crept over her face and her repent
art fingers sought his timidly, even awk
wardly. Something told him that she was
not accustomed to handshaking; that
Fomethi:ig impelled him to bend low and
touch the gloved fingers with h!s Tps. He
straightened, with face f.ushed, half fear
ful lest his act had been observed by
turious? loungers, and he had taken a lib
erty in a public place which could not be
condoned. But she smiled serenely, ap
provingly. There was not the fa'.ntest
s-ipn of cmlwrrufsinetit or confusion In the
lovely face. Any other girl In the world,
he thought, would have jerked her hand
away and giggled Curiously. Aunt
Yvonne inclined her head slightly, but did
not proper her hand. He wisely refra'.ned
from extending his own. "I thought you
hud left the station." he said.
•We :ne waiting for Uncle Caspar, who
js giving- Hc-diitk instructions. Hedrick.
you know, is to po on to New York with
our boxes. He will have them aboard sh : p
\u25a0when v:o arrive there. All that we have
v.-ith us is hand luggage. "We leave Wash
ington to-night."
""I ha 3 hoped you might stay over for a
lew days."
"It is: urgent business that compels us
to leave so hastily. Mr. Lorry. Of all the
cities in the world, I have most desired to
see the capital of your country. Perhaps
1 may return some day. But do not let
us detain you if you are in a hurry."
He started, looked guilty, stammered
something aboat baggage, said -he would
return in a moment and rushed aimlessly
away, his ears fiery.
"I'm all kinds of a fool." he muttered,
as he raced around the baggage-room
nnd then back to where he had left the
Indies. Mr. Guggenslocker had joined
them r.nd they were preparing to depart.
Miss Gujrgenslccker's face expressed
pleasure at seeing him.
"We thought you would never return.
50 Ion;; were you gone," she. cried gayly.
lie ha<l been gone just two minutes by the
watch: The old gentleman greeted him ;
warmly, and Lorry asked .them -to what
hotel they were poir.g. On being informed
that they expected to spend the day at the
Kbbitt he volunteered to accompany them,
raying: that he intended, -to breakfast^
there. Quicker than a flash a glance, un
fathomable as it was brief, passed be
tween the three, not quickly enough,
however, to escape hf5' keen, watchful
»»yes. on the al«rt since the beginning of
hi? acquaintance with them. In conjunc
tion with his cars, to catch something
that mipht satisfy. In a measure, his
burning curiosity. What was the mean-
Ing of that glance? It half-angered him.
for in it he thought he could distingu'sh
riroysnce. apprehension, disrray or some
thing equally disquieting. Before he could
stiffen his long frame and give vent to the
d'ernified reconsideration that flew to his
mind the young lady dispelled all pain
rnd displeasure, sending him into rap
tures, by saying:
"How good of you! "We shall be so o>
1'srhtcd to have you breakfast with u-\
Mr. n,orry. If "it is convenient for you.
You can talk to us of your w T onderful
city. New, say that you wiH be good to
up; ftay your hunger and neglect ycur
personal affairs long enough j to give us
these early morning hours. I am sure.
we cannot trouble you much longer."
He expostulated gallantly and delight
edly, and then hurried forth to call a cal>.
At eight o'clock he breakfasted wiih
them, his infatuation growing deeper an-1
rtronger as he sat for the hour beneuli
the spell of these eyes, the glorious faco.
the tweet, imperial air that was a part
of hr-r. strange and unaffected. As ircc;'
were leaving the dining-room he askvd
her if she would not drive wjth him.
His ardent gallantry met with a sur
prising rebuke. The conversation up to
that moment had been bright and cheery,
her face had been the constant reflector
cf his own good spirits, and he had every
reason in the world to feel that his sug
gestion would be received with pleasure.
It was a shock to him. therefore, to se«
the friendly smile fade from her eyes and
a <iif-dainful gleam succeed it. Her voice*
a nicmontago sweet and affable, changed
its tone instantly to one so proud and at
rogant tliat he could scarcely believe nis
ears.
"1 shall be engaged during the entire
day. Mr. Lorry," she said, slowly, look
ing him fairly in the eyes with cruel posl
tivencss. Those eyes of his were wide
with surprise and the glowing gleam of
injured pride. His lips closed tightly; III
tie red spots flew to his cheeks and then
disappeared. leaving his face white and
cold : his heart throbbed painfully wiih
the mingled emotions of shame and
ar.gfr. For a moment he dared net
speak.
"I have reason to feel thankful 'hat
you are to be engaged." he -said at last.
calmly, without taking his eyes from
.hers. "I am forced to believe, much to
my regret, that I have offended when I
intended to please. You will pardon'my
temerity."
There was no mistaking the resentment.
in h:s voice or the glitter in his eyes. Im
pulsively her little band was stretched
forth, falling upon his arm, while into
her eyes came again the soft glow aini
to ner lips the most pathetic, appealing
smile, the forerunner of a pretty plea for
forgiveness. The change startled and
puzzled him more than ever. In one mo
ment she was unreasonably rude and im
perious, In the next gracious and implor
ing. • E£v£
"Forgive me." she cried, the blue eyes
balding bravely against the steel in'the
gray ones above. "I was so uncivil! Per
haps I cannot make you understand why
I tfoke as I did, but let me say I rich
ly deserved the rebuke. Pray forgive
i.;c and forget that I have been disagrve
aHe. Do not ask me to tell you" why I
was co rude to you just now, but over
look -n:y unkind treatment of yourinvi
taii«;n. Please, Mr. Lorry, I beg of you-
THE w SUN DA Y C A lit;
GRAUSTARK
THE STORY OF A LOVE BEHIND
THE THRONE
9It, may be some sound. I experiment.
There is a whistle in my pocket that I
have brought for the purpose. There is a
little bell, too. The cat will look up when
0
to go. There have been times when, for
that very reason, she, has jumped upon it
herself and I have -been' able to^photo
graph her without her dreaming that any
thing was going on. However, this Is luck
and cannot be counted upon.
I want to take her picture in an alert
pose. That 13 the keynote of the perform
ance, and with that end in view I go to
work. J*iturally I must find out what will
make her. alert. . ~,
That is why I never try to place her
upon the stool until I am ready.. It would
be of no use. She would jump down imme
diately, for this Is characteristic of cats.
They never will be dictated to. You may
make the^ softest bed for them and they
will hunt out an uncomfortable nest for
If she suspects that any one is trying to
conciliate her for a purpose she will be
spunky in a minute.
That is an Important point. She must
not feel excitement in the air, and she
must not discover that something Js to be
done in which she is to be the chief par
ticipant.
After she has become used to xnypres
ence. 1 leave. her for awhile and go about
my vvcrk. paying no attention to her. I
put a table or stool in position, ready for
her. to pose upon it. I arrange my camera
and focus*. This all concern* her, but she
does not know It. She has discovered that
1 am harmless and she concludes that I
am busy about some very uninteresting
affair.
as quickly as dors <io. and tnoy realize
that -although anybody may stroke their
backs, it is only the initiated who know
the potent trick of scratching them gently
on the slue of the neck. "'This always
raises me several per cent in pussy's es
timation. ...
That le no easy matter with most of
these Angora cats, for they art a.hlgh
etrung lot of animals, with nerves alert
end claws ever ready. I have gone about
with my hands in bandages sometimes
after spending an afternoon with one of
these mild-looking - fluff balls; but the
Bcratches don't count If I can only get
•the picture. It la enough of a feat to pay
\u25a0lor any amount of trouble and bandaging.
In tee first place I talk to the cat. play
'Kith It, do anything to win Its confidence.
Tou have got to know cats to do this
imceessfully. They recognlzs their friends
I begin by getting acquainted.
They are like people, only different.
As for character and personality, they
Jiave as much as any boy or girl or grown
person, fox the matter of that. As for
Etubbornness, arrogance, general cussed
riess, they have more. And as posers,
vhen you can get them to pose they have
raore grace than any actress who makes
e. study and a profession of the art.
But the getting them to— that Is where
the whole trouble comes in.
They have the ways of a woman, who,
•when she will she will, and when she
won't she won't.
For the most part they won't.
When I take my camera to a house to
make studies of the family darling Us
jnlstrees usually says:
"Do try and get her In some of the
poses that she assumes naturally. She is
wo pretty at play."
And the minute pussy sees a strange
man and a strange machine she usually
r.ays "M-r-r-row." the translation of
\u25a0which is, "I don't know what all this is
about, but 1 don't approve of it anyway,
and I'm go,'.ng: to show my disapproval by
being as disagreeable as I possibly can."
Then Ishe skulks in a corner or goes to
isleep, determined to ignore the whole af-
J'air.
There 15 no way, of course, that a cam
era can follow a cat about and instan
taneously focus on her when she assumes
a charming and unconscious attitude. The
only way to get a picture other than a
dim snapshot is to make the cat sit still
in the allotted place, and this is the prob
lem of the -whole proposition.
Tou might think that the owner of the
cat would be of assistance in this, but as
a matter of fact I have always found it
easier to work alone. There Isn't a cat
living who wants to stay In any spot
where she Is placed either by a mistress
or a stranger. So as I have' to resort to
all kinds of subterfuge, I can work bet
ter If left alone In the room with the pet
than If one of the family stays around to
distract Its attention.
Now that the Cat Club Is a firmly or
ganized institution, cats of fancy breeds
ere to be found in plenty in San Fran
cisco homes. I have taken photographs
cf many of these, and since I began the
\u25a0Vi-ork, two years ago. I have learned a
food deal about them that I never guessea
before.
are at last a fashion in San
/ / Frarcisco; and with the fashion of
I /• owning them as pets comes the
\Ls fashion of having their . photo-
graphs taken.
For the cat of the family Is as dear a?>
any of the children and sometimes a good
deal more so. Therefore its pictures must
etare from mantel and bookcase. mtisJ
grace the family album, must be sent to
loving relatives. Pussy occupies much the
same position as an only and a very much
epoiled child. *
Bu F- 0. 3rattoth
want and that ncbody else, does. Hereupon
I should like to draw a comparison, but I
themselves in preference. TheyVre deter
mined to show that they know what they
, am afraid of losing all my friends of one
sex if I do so. ; .-/.\u25a0\u25a0 : - \' .y'.'j"..
I prefer 'that the cat 'should • suppose
that the stool is the last place I want 'her
these are blown and « rung for the first
time, but perhaps:, that will be the end
of her curiosity.
I try striking a match, scratching ofl
the window, tapping the floor. I try dan
gling all sorts of objects before her.
Sometimes It takes as much as an hour
to discover anything that will really
arou?e her Interest after the first siwht
or sound. In the end, it must be some
thing that will infallibly attract her wide
avake attention and cause her to look
up ecgerly.
The camera, la at some distance, but I
have a bulb attached to a tube six or
eevrn feet long, so that I can operate
while I am standing close to the animal.
When all Is ready I place her in position
on 'the stool.
Her first Impulse Is to Jump, but on the
Instant that she prepares- to do so I Jin
gle, the bell or blow the whistle, or do
whatever I have found la the magic trick.
Instantly she looks up^ . toward -the
..Bound, pa* sing in position. I press the
bulb and she Is photographed.
That la, prhapa she Is. One can never
l>e sure, for even In the tiny fraction of
* second that the exposure takes, a time
to short that it Is called instantaneous,
Pussy may have moved ever so little but
enough to spoil the plate. So even after
the long time taken in becoming acquaint
ed with the cat I may Lavo obtained many
of her most delightful poses for nothing.
- Jim, a white Angora that belongs to
Mrs. Brod, has a peculiar way of squint
ing his- eyes, giving the appearance of a
pleasant smile. This makes him an in
teresting poser, and I have had good suc
cess with him several times.
Cats won't "look pleasant" when they
are told to do so, much less smile, but
the white cat seated beside its little Ethi
opian brother on the bamboo stool certain
ly has its lips parted in a smile if ever
cat had. It was a dangling watch lob
that attracted these ana the white one
\u25a0was so charmed that she opened her
mouth about to snap at it. Tlie contrast '
cf solemn attention on the other's face 13
characteristic.
Middy is a very perverse Individual antl
I had a time getting the pictures. In tl.a
end a string on the carpet did the trick.
Nelo is a splendid dark Angora belong
ing to Mrs. Hoag and I wanted to get a
back view showing the great plume of
a tail. So I seated the cat with back ro
the camera and attracted its glance up
ward and to the side, getting a clear pro
file in that way. Nelo has legular fea
tures that bear a profile view and the re-
BUlt was a picture that looks as if posed
by a professional who knew his goo-1
points.
It la amusing to see the affected expres
sions that some cats will take, with heail
tilted up like a French actress, or with
paw gracefully extended a3 If it was a
much-admired arm. Some Angoras wrap
their fluffy tails about their feet as Bern
hardt wraps her skirts. Others extend
them in beautiful curves as a woman
sweeps her train.
The contrast of a black background
makes the best pictures for white An«o
ras. In photographing Mrs. Hoar's
Psyche, which Is a black and tan Siamese.
. I used a light background. I found Psycb«
.very amiable, by the way; Siamese cat*
always are better tempered than An
goras.
Kittens are hardsr to photograph than
cats, for they are never still. The two iit
tle brown, fuzzy Angoras made as good a
picture as I can often get of kittens, fc '
Omar, Mrs. Marteling's big white fol
low, has a magnificent ruff which she
wanted to have shown to good advantage.
"bo 1 got a pose almost full face with h»ad
thrown up.
\u25a0 A pretty pose In one case was obtained
Just as a cat raised its paw £0 strike a
teasing hand. The face is alert and tha
position graceful. . •
Mrs. Hoag's White Muggins was finally
snapped when he lay in a fine llonlika
pose, at rest externally and showing any
amount of suppressed fierceness. I worked
with White 'Muggins three hours. If I re
member rightly, and I am sure that 1
remember rightly the condition of my
hands when he had finished trying his
claws on them; but White Muggins prove!
•an artistic enough poser to nay for all
4. the painstaking and the -pain*.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
PHOTOGRAPHING A PET
10the sunday^all;
11
I Sp^ 5^^^ FOURTH ANNIVERSARY SALE. ?MjgMHf
(/l\ PATTOS1ENS, 1901-495 FEET OK FROXTAOT2-S1ZK OF riLOCK 75x270 U( , I 1 Vh^THPh^B^ /O. UB hTKhhH BR £T 111 llWAi i MB H IIX'! L«'7l-%wS3i '
| iNCl g^^y^^^^^ il APP \u25a0 mitflf 8' 1 1fl 'II I.HJEw Mmm-
Spmntitif'cu^^LiiSSSiSftJss. * f^/ TT TQ TU1? TMCTFIl? HI? TIITT UflTTQl? MHT TU17 nTTTQTFIT? that makes the charm flfflliil llll^SrV lP//lJffli-
VlN ISOo.ptj^ =^> S jjj? tiljB \/ s inc<^ w^^ beauty and has an atmosphere of paradise it cannot be much ennobled by external embellishment nor belittled by want of it. The J fiOju ' ' 1 1 1 9 ll I A\ \ ft if^^BS'
A] Si TOR B' [ $% \$ o "'^ w \l walls are the shell. A houss with great outside show or glitter but without beautiful furnishings and glad human lifs within is like a cluster *|[fifff \u25a0 IH 1 1 '1 1 1
c SI' 5 *' IH W® )\ cf great diamonds sparkling over an empty heart. If domestic f:licUy dependid upon cstentation, like the happiness of peacocks and turkey 0 I II ] HI 1 1 I \l / j fi^ j§gg| |a-a;'
/I Fp,|!jB !$ Mf l[iW^Jw"" /A, gobblers, we should display the silverware on the veranda and hang the silk chairs as a string of ornaments pendant from the roof. But this K I ll T I \i kW^^^^^"
VI FT - ' Mf f^i Hr^lfefe // is not £0 * T^ C Sw^ll fronts the marble steps, the pair of iron d:gs at the gate do not add to the sanctity of the hearth nor help to make Jj|r4l|l 85 1 I \\ 1)^^^^^^
1/ *SaI » mT77 i^^J^ r\ home a heavenly place. They are only exhibitory properties. They are not family treasures and haven't the human interest of beautiful '• 'MlljN I flli i I t I
H — p§-"-\Jt- |j^ | \\ home furniture. PATTOSIEIN'S great anniversary sale h the people's universal opportunity in things that give the house, not a showy •'• .'! j Jjjj. *\Jj*sJ]|J^l l 1 ~ N ftAiK^^^^^ffi^
Ik " r^-rTTiT^^^^^ \Y cxtetior, but that insiie lining of light and b:auty and comfort that helps to maks home the elysium of the household. jfi • J- jt> o 6 '/py.'l III, \- . , I n J^fi^^^^^k
y^^^LJILJI ANNIVERSARY SALE OF CARPETS AND CURTAINS. M^wl
H^^ W& j&Pjf^Wm A constantly growing trade demanded a larger stock, although we have heretofore shown immense lines in this department, and it has been ao %| . 14 RJ^ \\
ill lm Ili^ H ( l uired - We : are now in a fine position to supply : the wants of our patrons. ll fj |1
-;.': IIS •'Of 1 III kB cl^i?^aI(&5 t " > rr^^Sd V«s _ .ff'^tf^GlJ ~ ' 'Jff^^jBS We call siiecial attention to our new fall and winter lines of Axminster and Wilton Velvet Carrjets. B| k|
HI Ilfl fcS FS^tVW?- r -?CTp' SB •> C^fl^ VJ bifKiii^xr CL, <JUTW-»>»2 tn6 latter lr » ni 8:h PUe weave; made in all the different widths, with borders to match; rich A g*\ ** Kf /t> M %m
Kf |I1 «3r' — ~2£ffe/i&%kr~'^ Mf^"*^$&£LEfy\«ffik f?L Oriental and Persian effects; large variety of patterns to choose from; the *i width, with border / | 1^ »| cD^J /I fi f I
W K v r^^^l / 7 Vi -^S^^^^SI WSm *m' Body Brussels caroets. Lowell "and WMttall standard makes: eood selection of nat- f T)l *• Worth $4.00. f|
W th S4 00 H Iti^L.'H W.?v 11/ JP»»^ tfr^W££§£iZ<49'^ VK&3 ™ terns; very desirable for parlor and library; with hall and stair carpets to match; borders if t^jbJm/2 ' tZ
ll -^^-"1^ 'tj/fl \ r^^^^/Jy/j^^^^^^^^z. _ Ml Velvet Carpets. 10 patterns, in 2-toned reds f\f\^ Insrrain Carpets, Brussels weave, strictlv A /\_ /#$\ /*^\ !
"^g*! IB I A^ *^ro^W^^^" ,-•*—^-^S IR and K ree ns— splendid values at, per yard cIvIC fast colors ' 36 i n c ncs wide— per yard TTvFC ' 'W^J^sSXj®^?
• ; -sf»i~gi^ -k .^fev. L '^f\D^S^^^^^^S^^^^^ Special attention is directed to our new fall showing ofg ff/\ All-wool Inerain Carpets, celebrated Lowell. Glen HUwTm j ir'^T'i irBrfl^^^^^^l "
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'-\u25a0:•" J^?^S>rST*rriS,^^^^yiti^i^^i Zb&^P Royal Wilton, Axminster, Whlttall, Blgelow and Lowell make; |.r>|I Echo and Golden Medal makes; newest color-/^ w _ '-J^AifffX^^Y^AA i^lvv\ v m
-^3^^>C!Qi|5^^^^^3^?^1 1 -^ 11^*^ special anniversary sale price \u25a0 \u25a0•s^v mgs and designs; 35 patterns— per yard OOC WWHM^PSw^i'^iwl v^<V X ' >•
5^^^^^^W?t^Sf^Sl w^oi^f^^hL^^ 81^ B ru ss ?l8 Can>ets. Oil Cloth, in bripht. cheerful colors— " Smith's Axminster Rues. 9x12 ft ...824.0O (lllviiMiliiK 14^^^^^^
\u25a0fefe^^^^^^ a faced, best patterns and colors— per yard per square yard 20c Smith's Moauette Rues — ifttPiN' wlflili Irg-~^' T ' J;!^>^!^^'{* > '
%[l9'WS'^n - lik5'£l__L_LJi M^^SS^S^W I^\^5K5K:- p *' 'square"Vd".y.V.V.jljoo Well-made China Mattines. fiber warp. Bromfev's^Sinvrna Rues- X Q ° ufesallisSri
Wt^^iqW J *¥-gi.i! J i^S|& Wh^^^^^^^^ -Printed Linoleums, per square yd 5Oc 4U yards to the roll-per rolir*c.OO; per yard.. 15c 9x12 ft., $17.50; 6x9 ft., $9.50; 30x60 in S3. GO SwVTO^fs^t'/ '<^^fnP/S-3 ?,^;
*' iff^^K^S'Aj JLjJL£ LA A~U A ®jf$ftjt1i> J,«Tji Opportune purchases of an importer's sample line and two surplus stocks of Lace Cur- r |KSfe^v^i!l i f i! f !^4|ii\jgijfe^JS:
! k^7lV ill- il <£? pffV^SK^J i. Ru / fl ?, d s } in a , rd Wottinar- /^ f 41 Lace Curtains, best Ejtvtj- /> T* f\ |^^M|CTm^^^^^gA:
iS&i >Ar r**'' 'fc Jii '„' c ti'"^ 2 ""^^^ ' ffl' X i^3^ >i * < ?> SkL?^0S§ v I fflS! ' 1 ' ' *5^Wn23r i Muslin Curtains, plain and fig- 11 *\f% tlan yarn, double spoole-l, for par- **\ I I rtYBKy^SS^BSV 1 '— -Vf,*"^ ? -^ !\u25a0 1» - -*^^j
TllflfffflrTT'f i >r^^- v^b=^-^W™ «§^^^«4' ATrtriT* V « a ' Scotch Guipure and Nottingham Lace Cur- Real Lace Curtains, in new and novel pat- MnfwPil't'W ivS IS^^'T?^??^^ 1^!'
!'»H»i*pX •dvi 'ii'' ; y^S^^V'"^v^feS, S >V<&S Sw^Sj 0 i?$V% >S?3v0Or/iHi&-?i 4 B I*? Ill ' tains, copies of fine real lace designs, i T c • terns, Irish points, Brussels, Point del B?/\ MU£EFk^* l *k5»AM££w^<5i^ s ±- ;^l& 1 ''
>r.|m^^r|*!i \u25a0 t=^^5.^^^^^ H l^QfflfiLLj V^^^CP^a T Oif.l with scroll and floral borders, full length |,/3 Paris, Point de Calais and Swiss tambour, 3,3 \) pi^CT^^^i V^^^^^^^ ;S^
: jj^^^^^JKTl'' * / —^JBjSEft V <jt>> < Renaissance Lace Curtains and Tap«strv Portieres, new fall Festoon Draperies, made of fine F.CTrw'Jillilii|5 §! ira^^a^vj:. J ?:\u25a0
f RBBwKwVf** 1 ! " PL^iftMS'^t^ls'- US SS?? 1 * ?53 7 < a^jr^vX T ' TV choice patterns in Irish point, Brus- productions, choice Oriental and floral reversible tapestry, trimmed with ftliKVi,ivV^ n -Vi i\&
' RlB'ifi>- > j '^ ! <ir :! ' : '' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 taS?» &££ y£»SB=£il kll I BiSiBSM J f, sels a «d cluny, plain anO/^ ff/\ designs, with heavily fringed^ p»/\ heavy derby edging, effec- mm /\rv f V" ? i v ii?^^"' fff^^p^- f^-rrT) : Wt; -•"
:, S^^I^^^^Ih %K / fe*p^ VI figured centers, newest de-Q,3|J overdrapes, full length and^ # 3|J tlve designs, for openings £),(JU
t3.*^^^^SS^^^^^^s~^^^^lfa c^^-t^^^S^S" /\u25a0 i^^^^ Sash Curtain Muslin, prettv Fierured Denims. 36 inches wide. "Window Shades, made of een- \i?27§l f -I ,
i^j^L^W^^i-^^^^^SlSS^^^H!! 1»W e^'io<>H' 'v' # A Wmi .f* ff*ffl. striped patterns, and 36-lnch |A extra weight, single and double |p uine opaque, 3 feet wide and 7 ia « p^^*^ . ."-.
jgW*^ " ' — ic^^^Ui *fyytf*V*%T\ e *• &. L2P .5z»L Jigured silkolines, in choice pat- Illn faced, for upholstery work and l^r feet long; warranted spring A.\]C \u25a0 — '
ip3»5? - ' terns and colors, per yard * v draperies, per yard *«/w rollers;, popular colors *vv Combination Bookcase— Made of a very fln«
i^^r ' grad© of oaK. xias liberal appointments, viz., & drawer
— . . . and a cabinet In both upper and lower sections. The
A Combination Bookcase and Ladies' Writine reg&&^ U^==^.' i. ilS. " . *<^ ' • *. . \u25a0 French bevel mirror is ioxis inches. The c^t/2 S £\
Desk — Made of quarter-sawed oaJc, finished golden and V\T^- - ""*-- — S« "•• . M ; ft'!. /a^-rf22^5>' _^i" r &>*(*$fc>^S\ — *-. entire width of the case is 41 Inches and 31 il- rill
superbly polished. Height, sixty-nine Inches: width, P>o< — :: Mi _^>w^ «^|J&^ * /^ MrMSfvt -~_ Jrf^. the height 63 inches. Price this week.... ' "'^ v
forty-two inches. Special attention pivon to details in \^S^\ ' *' Wi^***^,. j^^r^SSf>^7t^U^lt(W %P^!^^^<Z2**!J*>^^^^^fF% WlT^MfV/ i^^SI** 1 *^'--'
•^SH kff "ZAiSmSZ 3. ill • M ® W for Parlor Suit-S Pieces, Sofa, Rocker, Easy Chair, and two Side Chairs, richly sSsom, 0ouches-(s« cut, ; ,« dcc l^
f Q\\\\ i 1 1 S&1) fluted '•**• • 4/ "» / - li Ul# MdSl *• &^ upholstered in fine silk damask, full spring seats, tufted backs, frames ' are heavily iy tufted tops of imported veiours. deep fringe ail - .
I w u\l\ 111 II I I wf//i i/o«m»., _..*.«* *"*%» JmmMx . . • • t /--... -^ « - • • arouna, extra well .made. Its like glv- *£» • mr t\. i
S| '-^y/CTyyil/l vertary price, &l» V> <DQ Hf) Cjl carved, imitation mahogany finished, regular $50 value. . • *£* you eoid dollars for so c when we say *j> 7.5 [)
_ . _ _^ _ ~* ~ "~ * 3»^h^^l -^tHHflflM^MJ^Bii^M^fcjHBHJj^^^TEii^ A O I C ftl J O 7 * V\ *^s. ir^^^^"^^'^^^^^*^^'t Jl F i vj^^^^j^. 3^^^^g^^?^l Bhf ' ,^ INMt^ u ..,_ ~c^^v^ •
j \i mr Bk &k I&1 Mm HB PS Bl MBh BmBh B H I 3,11(1 , ' . *-** Fancv Chiffoniers — Solid bodying all the latest improvements
"\ mr^ MaLMm W& HI n^BA B H^ Blwl B H Hra MTSSTOM Beautiful Oak Dresser-Like oak, with golden finish, five and affording a line of over twenty Beautiful Solid Oak Side-
v . ejI fiB8t?..'?i 1^ Bra RLJH Hi mr^} SBI »£___ B \u25a0 H I HJ Hi mm *>-»-iuuAvm cut, with lar^e pattern plate Solid Oak Chairs— Like large drawers and brass different styles to choose from boards— L i k e cut. richly
til mm r *VSt\ I mm HBV HMBJ BSB HHH Hi HI HBsflv HL^V II STRFPT^! mirrors; worth 4T>|'-% r" d\ cut '< high back, o rm trimmings, gty g-> g\g^ at prices ranging dur- <t> I -y carved, artistic <N g o
Btl OB SI \u25a0 B1IQ V WW W \u25a0 OinHllia. $16.00-thls week. J)| 2.3IJ cane seat; worthri^C hand carved; 3*0.00 i"S this weeks great 3)17.00 designs, worth *S|K (If)
• • ™ .^^ ;^^ "« — ; f ••• •.....:.. T I^ I T V 51.25. This week.. *-^** only .. v *' v# "" sale as low aa V * /l " * VV TJ7. This week.^ 1^* W ;VTHE. -SUNDAY CALL.
12NOMINEES BEST FITTED
FOR TRUST THEY SEEK
admon'sh the party
that its affairs should
be put under such
management that all
its candidates will merit
popular indorsement
and have a chance of
winning.
r Our conviction is
that the men named
on this ticket are the
best fitted .for the trust
they seek.
Class Rule Not Gbn
\u25a0 ,\u25a0•- ' • • \u25a0/\u25a0- .
sidered a Desirable
Condition.
Boss Rule riust Be
Repudiated at
Polls.
serving men are;nom
inated for the same of
fice. Where that hajs
Recurred we prefer the
Republican candidate,
in the hope that. the
success -of^ such -will
No Partisanship in the
Selection of
Names:
Action in the Interest
of Goodi Govern=
ment.
5orne Facts of Gen
eral Interestto
Voters.
\u25a0 «
The Views of The
Call on Local
Politics.
« _>
IN pursuance of. its'
purpose to aid in
the election, of a city
government that will
protect every interest
against class rule on
one side and boss rule
on the other, The Call
presents the accom
panying list of candi
dates who are in our
judgment best fitted to
secure that desirable
deserve to-be elected
and whose election
will bestserve the Rub-;
lie in' erests. In several
cases the^ selections
are not intended as>a
reflection on the "pp-
Jposing ' cand date, -as
there are instances in
whxh worthyand de^
dates—their prospect
of winning. We select
those who are worthy
of being named for the
places they seek, who
not influenced by par
ty nor personal cori-:
siderations, nor are we
governed by the mere
availability of candi-
end. In presenting
these names we are
All Citizens Having the Best Interests of the Entire
; Community m View Should Give the V
Matter Careful Consideration.
Duty of Citizens in
the Choice of
Officers.
MEN WHO WILL PROTECT EVERY INTEREST OF THE CITY
Selection of Men Who
Are the Most
Worthy.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC— NO. 149.
SAN* FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1901— THIRTY -SIX PAGES.
Pages 13 to .24
The San Francisco Call.
Pap 13 to 24In the explanatory statement of his af
fairs, Mr. Dolge says that "through busi
ness reverses and misfortunes brought
upon him through and as the result of
machinations, frauds and conspiracies of
other parties In whom he had explicit
trust and confidence, he became finan
cially embarrassed arid was Induced to
make an assignment for the benefit of his
creditors, April 11. 1898, to Walter N.
Korner of Utica. N. Y."
Mr. Dolge was an extensive manufac
turer of felt shoes and felt piano cover3.
having & factory in Dolgeville, U. Y. In,
addition to an extensive felt business, ho
was exclusive owner in the following en
terprises: Alfred Dolge & Son of New
York City and Herkimer County, N. Y.,
Daniel Green &. Co.. C. F. Zimmerman &
Co.. Dolgeville Piano Case Company.
Dolgeville Telephone Company, Dolgevlfle
Electric Light and Power Company, Lit
the Falls and Dolge Street Railway Com
pany, Caroga Land and Improvement
Company. Dolgeville Coal Company. R. M
Tanner & Son Manufacturing Company
and Dolgeville Herald Company.
According to the inventory, there ar«
258 creditors. Among the claims exceed
ing ?20.000 are: American Exchange Na
tional Bank. New York. $150,000; First Na
tional Bank of Jersey City. $33,134 84: Es
tate of Gustav Freygang. Hoboken. N. J
$81,391 76; Mrs. Kate Sldwell. Chicago
$277,564 34; National -Herklmer County
Bank of Little Falls. N. Y., $113,635 €3-
Louis Kleen. -Mount Vernon. N. Y.. «70
000; Philip Belmer, Dolgeville, N. Y., $23,*
obO TO.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 26.— Alfred Dolge,
formerly; a resident of Dolgreville. N. Y.,
but now living In Lamanda, Cal.. has filed,
a petition in bankruptcy In the United
States District Court of Southern Califor
nia. He asks to be relieved of debts
amounting to $1,647,043 61, and declares his
assets to be $2,565,004 58.
Former New York Man
ufacturer Makes an
„". -"\u25a0 -.Assignment.
Fourth Attempt to Mur-
Js : 'der a Healdsburg
f£} ['.; '\u25a0\u25a0 "Young Man. \
OWES ALMOST
TWO MILLIONS
RIVAL SHOOTS
FROM AMBUSH
PORT TOWNSEND," Oct. 26.— Captain
Tuttle, of the United States cutter Bear,
which arrived from Bering Sea yesterday,
reports ! that^ while on the Siberian coas t
he made arrangements' forra large dum
ber of reindeer, to be delivered along the
northeast- coast- of Siberia" next season,
whence th«y will .be -"transported' to "the
reindeer stations in Alaska. *
More Reindeer for Alaska.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 26.— A special dispatch
to the Union from El Paso, Tex., says
that the Phelps-Dodge syndicate is rapid
ly pushing construction ' of its railway
eastward from Douglas, Ariz., and west
ward from Arizona. This afternoon the'
Southern . Pacific served | an injunction .on
the Phelps-Dodge people and lively times
are expected, but work from El Paso will
merely be delaj'ed. * . -•
\u25a0 The special adds -that Messrs, Marston,
Ferguson and Wood of the railroad com
mittee of the San Diego Chamber of Com
merce are in El Paso, guests of • General
Manager Hutchison of the El Paso South
western road. They will have a confer
ence with President Douglas of that line
next week when he arrives. * The Rock
Island, it is added, will be in El Paso by
January 1; leaving only 350 miles to be
built to make a line from Phoenix, Ari
zona, to San -Diego. . : .
The San Diego committee found the
people'of Arizona willing to aid the build
ing of such a line with liberal subsidies. -
Serves Injunction on the Phelps-
Dodge Syndicate, and Lively
Times Are Expected.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRIES
TO BLOCK NEW RAILWAY
, SANTA BARBARA, Oct. 26.— Through
the efforts of the Chamber of Commerce.
Santa Barbara will soon .have... a signal
Bervice station under the Weather Bureau
of San Francisco." Meteorological obser
vations here will be voluntary; \u25a0 as here
tofore. Professor A.- G. McAdie of San
Francisco has- ordered a seventy-five-foot
steel storm warning tower shipped from
the East. It ; - Will - arrive In a . few days
and will be placed at tide water, at' the
foot bf State -street. -. ; ••
Signal Service for Santa Barbara.
Five tunnels have been run into the
mine. It has been worked for five years
by the three young men, who inherited it
from a friend, and has paid well. It was
discovered years ago by an old prospec
tor named Lappin. He did not believe in
tunnels, having a fear of working under
ground, but he kept himself supplied with
gold by digging it loose at the surface
with a crowbar and scraping it out with
a hoe. Lappin had no relatives. When
his death was near he willed the mine to
the three young men, who now pell for a
handsome sum. . •
REDDING, Oct. 26.— The sale of a well
known, Trinity County. gold mine w,as ac
complished in Redding this morning. The
Lappin mine was sold for 5110,000. The
purchasers are coal, and iron capitalists
of Pittsburs. represented by J. K. Flem
ing. The name, is sold- by Ernest Dozler,
who procured an option on it from the
owners, Jesse F. Tourtellote, Deputy
Sheriff of , Trinity County, and . R. E.
Cochran and M. A. Brady - of Weaver
ville. , \u25a0 .
Three Trinity County Men Sell a
. Gold Producer That Was Willed
to Them.
OLD MINER'S BEQUEST
BRINGS THEM * RICHT-I3
QUICKLY EXONERATED .
' AFTER TAKING A LIFE
Conductor on McCloud River Railroad
Shoots Brakeman in Self- -
Defense.
REDDING, Oct. 26. — News reached Red
ding to-day of a tragedy at McCloud. One
railroad man shot another to death, and
was exonerated by the Coroner's jury sev
eral hours later. Brake-man J. W. Newby
was the victim,- and Conductor William
Page his slayer. The tragedy occurred at
noon on Thursday, as the crowds of men
from the McCloud lumber camp mifls were
moving about. There were many wit
nesses. . .
Page and Newby were upon a lumber
train of the .McCloud Railroad. On Thurs
day morning, while their train was mov
ing through the woods, Page and Newby
quarreled. Newby swore vengeance.
When the train pulled . Into McCloud at
noon Newby went to his room for his pis
tol. His roommate tried in vain to dis
suade* him. He took the weapon and ran
back to the depr.t after Page. The latter
saw him approaching, drew a revolver and
shot him dead. \u25a0 . -
Coroner Fairchild was summoned from
Yreka, and held an inquest that evening.
Page was exonerated. -v.
The Seward sailed from Skaguay, and
after General Randall inspected the
troops stationed there the steamer pro
ceeded to Port Townsend. Only two
companies of soldiers . will winter in
Western Alaska, portions of \u25a0 the com
panies being stationed at St. Michael,
Nome and Egbert.
PORT TOWNSEND. Oct. 26. — The-
United States transport Seward arrived
• from St. Michael this morning, having
General Randall and staff on board,
bound for Vancouver, Wash. The Seward
sailed from St. Michael on October 1,
and General Randall visited all points
along the coast, making an Inspection.
Whtle near St. Lawrence a whale was
harpooned and captured by the officers of
the Seward and was turned over to a
whaler lying off. the island.
At Dutch Harbor General Randall made
a tour of the island and found everything
satisfactory. While the Seward was at,
Valdes, Captain Abercrombie made the
connection of the telegraph line from that
place to Circle City, and the first through
message passed • over the wires from
Valdes. . • . • . • '. ...
General Randall Returns From .tne
."'•North on the United States..
, - Transport Seward.
COMPLETES INSPECTION
. - V OF MILITARY POSTS
PORTLAND; Oct". '26.— Two young' ladies
were frightfully Injured this afternoon in
St. Helen's Hall; the leading girls'-board
ing school of Oregon, by the fall of an
elevator used for carrying baggage. One
is- Miss Ruth Anderson, the 17-year-oid
daughter bf R. J. Anderson of San Fran
cjsco, .owner of the Sweepstake mine near
Redding', Cal. > Both legs were fractured
below the knees, one. limb in six places.
She also sustained internal Injuries, but
it is believed they are not fatal, though
she probably will be crippled for life.'
/The | other young lady is Miss Charlie
Ankeny, the 15-year-old daughter of Levi
Ankeny, the multi-millionaire banker of
Walla -Walla, Wash., whose injuries were
almost precisely the same as Miss. Au-
• C Both S "young ladies, for a lark, were
stealing rides, on the baggage -elevator,
against the rules of the establishment.
The cable « broke and the cage fell from
the third story to the basement, a dis
tance of thirty feet.
Special Dispatch , to -The -Call.'
Miss Ruth Anderson of
\ > -San ! Francisco |I»J gfc
: --/^1 Crippledi^W^ ; : ; "
The accused is S8 years of age and is of
good family She had been receiving so
many money orders that the postmaster
at Gold Hill proceeded to make inquiries
A man in Nampa, Idaho, had become sus
picious when sh" wrote to him for money,
and asked the Gold Hill postmaster who
she was. This led to her arrest. > Her
ball has been fixed at $500 and the case
will be tried 'n Portland as soon as tho
machinery of the Federal Government has
been prepared for it. > • .\u25a0 . v
When arrested Miss Dungan burst; into
tears, but would make no statement to
the arresting officer. •\u25a0 •' ;\u25a0' \u25a0.,; \u25a0\u25a0
PORTLAND, Or.,-. Oct. 26>rMiss I.Edna"
Dungan of Gold Hill, Or.,?hasv.beenXin
dicted by the grandAjury for frauduljjntjy
using the United States maJlf,TS[iid1siie r is
now out on bail. i-Her scheme 'Was'^ to
advertise for. a husband, jkrid,* when 7 cor-"
respondence had proceeded :/far,s- enough j
request the advanc^ ; of a^sum-'of' 'money
to pay her fare to rrt'eet the. lover, *He had
captured by mail. lAndrow^IChutson ;of
New Whatcom, Wash., ist'one -of her
victims,, and he is^said tO'berout>$5<K'on
the transaction. He first sent her $20,
and on hearing of her supposed Illness,
sent $30 more. Then she became 1 too sicx
to meet him at all. '."':•/
A. Sagendorph of Aberdeen, Wash., "is
put down on her list of alleged victims.
He is said to be out $25. Miss Dunga'. 1
also had correspondents at Nampa, Idaho;
Aberdeen, Wash.; Buffalo, Wyo.; Colfax.
Wash.; Vashon, \u25a0 Wash. ; Fresno, Cal.;
Jonah, Tex.; Oakland, Cal.; Burns, Or.,
and Carey, Idaho.
Special Dispatch to The. \ Call.
GILROY, Oct. 26.'— Light showers fell
here yesterday afternoon and last night,
amounting to 0.18 of an inch. ,
SANTA MARIA, Oct.' 26.— Nearly one
and a half Inches of rain had fallen up to
noon to-day. Thousands of acres of white
beans are unthreshed, and the damage will
be considerable.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 26.— Following a
high wind, whicTi blew down fences and
filled the air with dust, rain began falling
at 11 o'clock last night and continued at
intervals until 10 o'clock this morning.
PASADENA, Oct. 26.— A soaking rain
began at 1:30 o'clock this morning, contin
uing without a break all day. About
three inches of rain fell in the past twen
ty-four hours. The fruit crop is all in
and -the downpour will do lots, of good.
MONTEREY, Oct. 26.— Rain has been
falling here and throughout this district
at intervals since dawn, with every indi
cation of a heavy downpour during the
night.
SANTA ANA, Oct. 26.— Rain began de
scending at 5 o'clock this morning and
continued steadily throughout the day.
This is the first rain of the season and
the benefits will be far-reaching In agri
cultural pursuits, though threshing- and
walnut gathering will be considerably de
layed.
SAN MIGUEL," Oct. 26.— The first rain
of the season is -now. falling. Much grain
is still in the fields and will be somewhat
damaged. ; *'>; .; ; '\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
The usual trouble in the streets, oc
curred, miniature l-ivers presenting them
selves for the passenger to ford. A tail
or's shop on Broadway was the only
building that suffered severely. Its defec
tive skylight and a stopped waste pipe
let the water through and damaged $4000
worth of goods. /
The 1 storm will be of benefit in starting
grass, as well as putting -the ground into
good shape for plowing. Some damage
will be done to grain that is not properly
housed, and there is still considerable un
threshed in the south, where/it has been
Oifficult to handle the crop. Raisins and
grapes are mostly outiof the way, but
fruit drying will be retarded.
San Luis Obispo-had a heavy soaking,
the figure up to 5 o'clock this morning
being 1.08 inches. Beans will suffer most
as much harvesting still remains to be
done in Ventura County. Such beets as
are still In the ground will derive beneat
from the rain.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 26.— After two days
of overclouded skies, a light rain began
falling here at 7:30 o'clock this morning,
which has continued with intermissions
during th£ day. But slight precipitation
has been- recorded at the^local weather
office and no heavy rains have fallen in
the interior. There is a\ steady south
wind, with heavy rain clouds, and there
is every prospect for a downpour to-night.
IX)S ANGELES, Oct. 26.— To-day's
rainstorm, the total precipitation ; of
which amounted to, 1.74 inches,, thgugh
not unprecedented , is unusual, forT the
average rainfall for October during "the
past twenty-three years has been less
than one inch. •; Torday's rain, -which
started at 1:30 o'clock this ' morning' and
continued intermittently till 6 o'clock 'this
evening, was a steady, even fall, •. a
"warm rain," such as the farmers love.
Special' Dispatch to The Call.
TWO GIRLS FALL
WITH ELEVATOR
Heavy Fall,. of Rain in
Counties Down the
State.
Federal Grand Jury In
dicts an Oregon
Woman.. .;'
Smallpox on the HcCloud.
REDDING, Oct. 26.— Dr. B. E. Steven
son, County Health Officer, spent Friday
on the McCloud investigating a report
that smallpox had again broken out there,
fie found one case of the disease. The
Tictin 1b Frank Ackerson, who has been
living In a tent at the dam site of the Mc-
Cloud River Power Company. His case ls
pronounced a moderate one.
Albert William Brush..
MODESTO, Oct. 2C— Albert William
Brush, a veteran of the Mexican war,
died in Selma this morning. Until a short
time ago he was a resident of this coun
ty. He was 79 years of age and -a native
of Illinois.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— "In the
line of duty, while receiving
the people, was shot by Leon
F. Czolgosz," is v the official
statement filed with the sur
geon general of the navy by Dr. Presley
M. Rixey, Medical Inspector, U. S. N., us
the introduction for his report upon, the
wounding, illness and death of the late
President McKlnley. The cause of death
is thus stated: "Gangrene of. both walls
of the stomach and pancreas, following
gunshot wound."
The report itself is remarkable for Us
exhibition in the closest possible detail of
the exact-state of the patient during Ins
mortal illness. It is in the shape of a
ship's log, almost, showing at intervals
of a very few minutes, sometimeE a single
minute, rarely more than an hour, the
patient's progress toward the end. But
perhaps the most valuable data contained
from a medical point of view is. the ac
curate registering of the medication of
the case— not a single morsel of food nor a
dose of medicine or bath ls omitted in this
account., fcicluded in the running story
at the proAr intervals are the bulletins
which" were given to the public as the
case progressed. .
' The -report begins with an account of
the first operation at the Emergency Hos
pital September 6, the two wounds being
described exactly as they have been
treated in the preceding medical reports,
Dr. Rixey stating that all the physicians
present agreed to immediate laparotomy,
makes his first entry at 5:30 p. m.. whon
Dr. Mann made a vertical incision passing
through the wound, and found at the very
beginning a piece of cloth carried in by
the bullet. 'Eight minutes later strych
nine was administered hypodermlcally.
Some time after that brandy was admin
istered in the same manner and then mor
phine likewise was administered. This
same application became .necessary n> e
minutes .after the patient .-arrived at the
Milburn house the result being an im
proved pulse, but slight nausea.
News From Bulletins.
Third Day Developments.
The first bulletin issued to tie Puu^
lie was dated at 7 p. m., describing the
wound and theoperation.-.The next entry
at 8;43 declares that the- patient rested
quietly for eight minutes, but at Si.lo
vomited a smlll quantity of partly [ ui
gested food and a-.blood clot \omUng
followed at 9:40 also.. At.l0:40 the bulletin
was issued stating that the President was
rallving satisfactorily 'and. resting com
fortably At 10:45 p. m. there were .occa
sional twinges of pain and slight d scowr
?5S if dressings. -At" 12 o'clock mid
night a saline enema was retained.
-The notes followed at intervals of less
than an hour until 4:55 the second day
September 7, when a large amount of gas
was expelled, and ten minutes later at
«;-n^ a m the entry reads: Fain severe
ffSv&Kiiffi. &&£*£?£
SI Slffl, ES-& WiAjS
had developed. At noon on . the second
dav more morphine was administered
hvpodTrrnically: at 1U5 there was a saline
enema and at 4:30 there was a hypodermic
injection of^digitalis, the patient passing
much gas by the mouth. The first alcohol
bath was given at 5:30 on this day, while
the patient was sleeping, but. passing gas
bv the mouth. At 6:30. the patient com
plained of intense pain In the pit of the
stomach. He was given a hypodermic in
jection of morphine. No pain, but rest
llss Sponged with alcohol and rested
quietly for half an hour. The official
bulletin announced , no change for the
wor^e At 7;40 p. m. digitalis was ad
minfstered hypodermically. and the bul
letin at 9:20 declared that the conditions
continued- much the same the President
responding well to medication. He had
fifteen minutes' quiet sleep, when a sa
line enema with somatose was administer
ed part of which was rejected. Then
there was another hypodermic injection
of digitalis at 10:40 and fifteen minutes
later, of morphine, the patient being very
restless.
The third day, September 8, began with
the entry at 12:30: "Restless during sleep.
Limbs sponged with alcohol. Quiet and
slept from 2 to 3 o'clock-" The 3:20 a. m.
bulletin said the President had passed a
fairly good night. At 3:30 there was an
other enema of salt and somatose. From
4 to 4:30 the patient was said to be "con
futed and very restless." At 5 a, m..
"complains of feeling chilly, but it passed
in a moment." The patient was restless
and talkative from 5 to 6 o'clock a. m.,
expelling brown fluid and gas. There are
frequent entries of these eructations, and
before S o'clock there were two hypoder
mic injections of morphine and digitalis?.
A hypodermic of strychnine was followed
SOUTHLAND GETS
GOOD DRENCHING
The sixth day's treatment was marked
by the administration of the first food
into the stomach, beef, juice, which the
note said, "tasted good." There were
seven administrations of this beef juice
between midnight and 9 o'clock the next
morning. The patient complained of feel
ing chilly, but is recorded as sleeping
more than usual and the bulletin at 9
First Food Is Given.
The fifth day, September 10, began at
1:46 a. m., after a short sleep, with this
entry: "Uncomfortable; turning frequent
ly." i There are three entries of "sleep
ing." and then the 5:20 bulletin, stating
that the President had passed the most
comfortable night since the attempt on
his life. The 9 a. m. bulletin uredlcted a
rapid convalescence, failing complications.
The bulletin at 10:30 said the President's
condition was unchanged and described
the removal of the stitches and the cause
therefor.
The patient drank water frequently in
small quantities. At 9:20 the bulletin was
issued: "The President's condition is be
coming more and more satisfactoiy," etc.
At 10 o'clock the doctors began to admin
ister hourly doses of calomel. Meanwhile,
following a nutritive enema of egg,
whisky and water, there were two high
enemas, one cwith soap, water and ox. gall,
which brought away a copious discharge,
with gas. At 3 p. m. the bulletin said:
"The President's condition steadiiy im
proves and he is comfortable, -without
pa,in or unfavorable symptoms. Bowel
and kidney functions normally per
formed." At 4:20 of this day, following
a dressing\of the wound of about an hour,
the patient spit up greenish, bitter fluid.
Hot water was given at 5:50 and naif an
hour later the patient complained of nau
sea. : • • ;
at 12:30 p. m. by a saline enema with
somatose, which was not retained, and an
alcohol rub. At 4:45 p. m. the patient
was restless and talkative, and for the
first time was given water by the mouth.
At 4:55 an enema of sweet oil, soap and
water brought awa*y some slightly colored
fluid and a .very little mucus. At 8 a.m.
there was a discharge of the bowels, and
the patient was set down as "very rest
less/' At 8:20 a great deal of gas was
passed and some fluid.
On the fourth day, September 9, the pa
tient Is recorded as "restless from 1 to
1:20 o'clock." At 3:15 p. m., as "very
restless and mind' much disturbed."
Codiaphos was administered hypoder
mically. After an hour's sleep the record
Is made at 7:10 a. m., "mind clear, feels
chillv."
Dr. Rixey, Who Was the Physician of the Late President, Submits
a Careful Statement of the Condition of the Patient From the
Date of the Assassination Until .Death Ended His Suffering
USES THE MAILS
TO BUNKO CUPID
"Heart, sounds very feeble. Oxygen
continued. Slight reflex movements."
And at 2:55 a. m., September 14, 1901, the'
President died.
Attached to the report are the results
of the autopsies and the chemical and
bacteriological examinations which al-;
ready have been published in the medical;
journals. . .
The eighth and last day of the Presi
dent's life, September 13. opened with this
entry at 12:20 a. m.: "Restless and com
plains of headache." Whisky and water
were given and a ; perspiration was in
duced, but at 1 a. m. is this entry: "Very
restless and wants to get up: tired."
The same medical treatment was con
tinued involving a plentiful use of rxy
gen, digitalis, strychnine and morphia
and peptonoids. Still at 4:55 the patient's
condition ls reported as srave. The oxy
gen was continued. There was no re
sponse to stimulants. Atrofine and mor
phia were injected; the patient was al
most pulseless. The last entry. was. made
at 9 p. m. and there was a gap of five
hours between that and the end. It read:
At 11 o'clock of that night "salt. -solution
was injected beneath the skin. At mid
night whisky and water were given" with
an infusion of digitalis. For the ! first
time resort was had to inhalations of
oxygen. The bulletin issued at that time
read All unfavorable symptoms in the
President's condition have Improved sines
the last bulletin," etc.
Passing of the President.
oc '°* said that he rested comfortably
and his condition was excellent. The pa
tient complained of. headache at 2:15. and
canphor.was applied to the head. The
bulletin at 3:30 stated that the President
continued to gain and the wound was be
coming healed.
/The seventh day: began with, the ad
ministration of. beef juice and the diet was
varied thJa time (the patient complaining
of pain in;the abdonifen). by whisky and
water and chicken broth. -. At 1:30 p. m.
v,\?J, . * s a , nd , ?tfychnine had been injected
hypodermlcally. Meantime the patient was
given the second 'piece of toast and one
egg. The entry -reads: "Did not relisS
Ifc . and , ate very little. Quieter and more
cheerful since having last strychnine.".
\u2666i - ,. Jt ls Halcl "mind wandering and
resle , s f'. ( Calomel, whisky and water
and digitalis, were again administered.
Cm ?. n was m oist and cold and, the 7:30
bulletin reported the Presidents condi
tion not so favorable. At 9:35 Dr.-RIxey;
writes, whole .body moist and cold: Pulse
weak and thready. Slept quietly twenty
minutes." . \u25a0.\u25a0>\u25a0:*..\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 • ..-.-. \u25a0
OFFICIAL REPORT DESCRIBES
COURSE OF McKINEEY'S ILLNESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ ALLu SU&bAT, i QCTOBER 27, 190 It
Temple for Masonic Lodges.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 28,-The Masonic
Temple Association filed articles o" In
corporation to-day. The purpose is to
erect a building to cost $100,000. to be used
for a temple and for other purposes.
that the coinage of- gold for the world
during, the last calendar .year was $354,
936,497, a decrease from W66.110.614 for the
preceding year. The coinage of silver
was $177,011,502. an increase over the pre
ceding year of $10,664,333. The coinage of
gold and silver for the principal countries
for the years 1899 and 1900 were as- fol
lows:
Gold— 1839. looo.
United States $111,344,220 $99.272.»n
Great Britain 43.S52.0S5 63.769 SU>
Russia 194,481.077 83,:21.o25
Germany 33.62S.tt5 31,680.333
Silver— 1899. 1300.
United States $26.C«1.52O » $36,345,321
Great Britain 7.910.885 10,107,818
RusHia " 20.967.769 3,946.971
Germany 4,346,302 5,643,231
Gold Output of the "World for the Last
' . . . Year Shows a
Decrease.
.WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— A table, pre
pared by the Director of the Mint, shows
DIBECTOK, OF THE MINT
REPORTS ON COINAGE
SANTA^ROSA.t Oct. 26--Edward Brig
ham, one- ..of Healdsburg's well known
young meh,.was shot at from ambush last
night while • returning on his bicycle to
his home near Manzanita schoolhouse,
after visiting his fiancee. Miss Emma
Sparks. The ball from a rifle struck him
in the forehead, Inflicting a painful but
not dangerous wound. As the shot was
fired Brigham's assailant exclaimed:
• "You will marry Emma, will you!"
Every effort was made to keep the af
fair secret,- but without avail. Brigham
was armed and returned the fire of his
assailant, but without effect.
This is the fourth attempt that has
been made upon the young man's life
Within the past three weeks. It is pre
sumed that the assault was, the work of
a rejected suitor for the -young lady's
hand. Brigham is a son of G. J. Brigham.
one of the most prominent residents of
the. Healdsbufg section, and the youns
lady soon to become his bride is wel!
known in social circles.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS. <
Scrofula
Few are entirely free from it.
It may develop "so. 'slowly as to cause
little if sny : disturbance during the whole
period of childhood.
It may then produce irregularity of the
stomach and bowels, dyspepsia, catarrh,
and marked tendency to consumption
before manifesting itself in much cutaneous
eruption or glandular swelling.
It is "best. to be sure that you are quite
tree from it. and for its complete eradica-
tion you can rely on '\u25a0 :
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Tta best of all mfiiUninfis for .ill humors.
Worjd;Famoiis1Mariani Tonic
•^ DOCTORS' 9PIMONS:
"Aids, digestion" and- assimilation, re-
moves fatigue and improves the appe-
tite." : -,.-\u25a0\u25a0 -..'.: -V'. r < ...-\u25a0\u25a0 \ '- \u25a0 \u25a0 ••
• "Sustains lifc-for_a long period and
nourishes -without any other or
I drink." " . • .'. : . '•."./ ' -.»; ..." i .;
i- All Druggists. Eef use Substitutes.
AJVEBTISEMENTS. - -
HEART DISEASE.
Some Begarding ttte B«pid In-,
. crease of Heart Trouble.
Heart troubles, at leapt, among the
Americans, are certainjy Increasing, and
while this may be largely due to the ex-
ckement and worry of American business
lite, it Is more often the result of weak
stomachs, of poor digestion.
Heal organic disease is incurable, but
not one case in a hundred of heart trouble
is organic. ...
The clOje relation between heart trouble
and poor digestion is because both organs
are controlled by the same great nerves,
the Sympathetic and Pneumogastric.
In another way, also the heart is af-
fected by the form of poor digestion,
which causes gas and fermentation from'
half digested food. There is a feeling of
oppression and heaviness in the chest
caused by pressure of the distended
stomach on the heart and lungs. Interfer-
ing with their action, hence, arises pal-
pitation and short breath.
Poor digestion alsd poisons the blood,"
corking it thin and watery, which irri-
tr.tc-s and weakens the heart.
\u25a0 The most sensible treatment- for heart
trouble Is to Improve the digestion and to
insure the prompt assimilation of food.
This '-can be -done by the regular use
alter meals of some safe, pleasant and ef-
fective digestive preparation, like Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, which may'be found
at most drug stores, and which contain
valuable, harmless digestive elements In
a pleasant, convenient form.
It is safe to say that the regular, per-
eistent use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
at meal time will cure any form of
stomach trouble except cancer of the
stomach.
Full sized package of ihese tablets sold
by druggists at 60 cents. Little book on
stomach troubles mailed free. Address F.
A. Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
Oriental
Rug
Sale' • • .
We offer our entire line of
beautiful Oriental Carpets,
Rugs and Curtains at
25 °! o Discount
from regular prices. ;
Ghas. M. Plum & Go.
1301-1307 MARKET ST.
THROW YOUR TRUSS AW£Y.
. /^"^ SSTXBLUBES 1891 fiS&jb,
RU PTU RE^^flk,
CURED fift
EY FIDELITY UETKOD. W
TVe Cure — Positive— Per- Bpjs'sflk &<
menent-HUid Gnarautee SjSpraWrA/T" 1 !'
for Life. We mean rtit« S&^fl&gg/
tsy. We c&n cure you. 12.000 «y.%$:s?3»
cure* in last 7 years. We cure in SagfifaS'sasV
CO days Tdthout pain or loss of a5»<i\i@\«
time. Successful on men, women
• r.d chiltirec No chance ior vjuj^jfjfp.
So'pAY UNTIL CURED gill rf 4
Testimonials tt our office of @S ega I Si.
references furnished on applies.- SjK BSSJ * S
tion. All patients must come to yg \>Jr m C
this office ior professional atten- tj^j ?»f = 5
FIDELITY EDPTUSE CURE, M& |S
Econ t £6^ Kearny St. G& v> xJ
/ ADVERTISEMENTS^ _/''._ 1.. .
1/ I t\ W C V TDA lIDlf" P E I O F ST& dUo^ra^a^Sed^or Ste^dX
l\ilf^r¥ '\u25a0 ii^^flllll IV without benefit, and finally tries Peruna
\u25a0» B5ur ' « »— \u25a0 '.-"\u25a0j; i \u25a0 lly V" 1 - 1 ": —p- and recelve3 a permanent cure, such a
..,, „ ,, ,- _ , uruV v, n^tnrePaitrn RnliflVfi 1 map onsht to recommend Peruna. H<»
[After Many Years of Suffering Which Doctors Fail to Relieve, j certalnly wou i d be a curious individual if
— — he did not do so.
Amm i - n ,i , r < **, i-. TV a j. Yet the fear of notoriety and the preju-
Member of the 'U. S. Census Department
'\'fl\\Tt±C Po nil riQ dr*Udt PPJll^ft even when they have *> een practically
UlVeS Jre-rU-Ila UlCCtL ll dlDU. snatched from the grave by using it. Tet
" ••' ' , in spite of all these things, men of high
• U|H|J|ii^vMra«i^|*M'tfWKMtfklMi l flWWffT*fr^ dftUMiBSMBHB and low station are enthusiastically prala-
: \V\\\^\^^ V^^^^^^^^^^ willing: to use every honorable means to
! I *ii E*& over a year and I would not exchange my
' $''' / • *^^^^^^^^^^^^^§^^ 1ft «l * H $?%3 me " 1 am a frreat reliever In Peruna and
Jfix&k President Louisiana Commercial Club
" J^^m^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ //^lli/inti^ H ° n " " VVilIlam Watson Washburn. Presl-
W^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ e "I S am a satlsfled that there Is not T^ncr
; W^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^M^^^^ ' L J-tIhS thaS^Perifna! 56 I have* been^roubled^for
isS&MiWc^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^s /O iS'li? 1 nearly twelve ycar9 kidney and liv " r
W^^\^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\^^4wi^^ sick man attend to my duties.
mKWMWl^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ I had about made up my mind that no
f&^lVl^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^V^ m- - medicine could help me, when one of your
' BBBiiiBreiiSMff^fflBa^^^^^BS^BHnMfflrlTtfly^ pKii/ipi\.'/ f 7/A ftC ESsraB booklets was brought to my office, which
** "... j^fiT^A^TP^,, rllfVAn 1/ i? vlfA 1/1 -ffi*"*" I read In a leisure hour. I then decided to
, " y •7^ l '* l ' l^^SiIt^jj]^j 'I'rjl'**'"' '•• f|f^*^*" i .x\ give Peruna a trial and found that I had
• '. * *^^v.- ; ' \u25a0 j< J a^ ' a3^ secured the right medicine for m e^
" 1 • '-,.. *^^^^^ For two months I used It faithfully and <4\
•' '' . ' \u25a0' ' '' i~ •• ~ • \u25a0- '- ' \u25a0 . ">^ _^/^^^^^^^^^^^^ then felt so X lilce a young man
" : ' .. " . • . -, ->. once more. This was over a year ago,
.Hon. Edward' g.; wade, District Enu- tation for merits, /suffered off and 1 h £ v T e not , h f. d any Tlt t f° u ? 1 ! o .f
merator, Assistant Special Agent of the . • ... . .. M ., .Although J am In the seventies I feel dc-
Statlstical Department of .. the United" On for years With Kidney troubles and ter and more active than I did thirty
States Census,. ls'a prominent member of narvnus disorders • had manv doctors y ears ago."— W. "W. "Washburn.
the Foresters of America. In a letter P 9rr0us haO many coctors Jf yQU do not derlve prompt and satls .
written from 700 Bush 'street ' San Fran- prescribe for me, but received no factory results from the use of Peruna,
Cisco cai..he^ys:- , -. -./ lasting benefit except from the use S^iSS S
. ''I am gratified to note that reruna of p eruna j^ Q^ SUCC3SS attend be pleased to give you his valuable advice
is so . widely known, as it is a medi- vou ".^FnwiDn n Iff/IDE gratis.
-. * - \u25a0; ., ., you. —CUrr/inu U. HAUL. Address Dr. Hartman, President of Tha
Cine that 0eserV3S aworia-maerepU' a man who has suffered for years and Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
I GannCIlt. / - have the best
I the very best materials. You are assured that you have
I a garment in ; perfect stvle an i in perfect fit. \
jgj . " A SPECIAL IN RIVER MINK CAPES— We illustrate above a
m River Mink Ruffle Cape, elegantly lined with heavy satin, with a hif?h
| storm collar, as shown in cut— this is one of the best values we wilVoffer
| this season and now is the time to. get them while the assortment is j
WLJ,i fc^ft'gxclvttive f ur Koubc in the world. I
: J^\ If; you can't •%
: m come, telepHone \' ,
f'yfi' e P ve telephone orders the same courteous, prompt and %
JSr careful attention we pay to customers calling in person.* We \a
iifij always give the best and at cut rates — so if you can't come RU
i-JJr in person ring up South 356 and your order will be delivered at .
j Iff once. This list of prices good until Saturday night November 2d: '
»• Pear's Soap IOc Pcpto Mangan - 85c
9j A real snap at this price \u25a0 A saving of 15c I-
H Lesley's Talcum Powder 5c ' Louden's Riim and [i
If The best Talcnm Powder on the jftutninA Af\/> ''
>' L;' v market at the lowest price •"' ' v^Uinine /4UC
\u25a0'M^ MaUrirto /"V/»om OA For the hair — regular price joe
|\ Ma we I "LfcWe 1 J 5c 30c Quaker Bath Cabinet $4 fll
in A * | t *"p j i r\ * t 4 m ' ' 1 'A saving of $1 ,
\u25a0fib Lyon s I ooth Powder I5c Owl Chest Prbctector 40c k I
v\ iiuiiivi i\\ v tiiMorvcy «pi flair finispc^ ' • /Hif ///// -
VsjlJi Listerine 65c ' Bland's iron Pills 20c ////
>X& / 1128 M.m.i St.. s.. rrwielie. •?* fW
The Owl Drug Company, have no Ovtstdc Agents or Solicitors.bin was tolling laboriously over<the golf links,
and, arrayed in all 'the red and royal glory of
Burlingame, was leading: a fierce charge across
the 'ensanguined polo field. (A voice, "How
about • the \u25a0 Geary-street franchise?")
Geary Street Franchise. >
I thank, you for' reminding . me of that sub
ject. The acquisition of that road must be ac
oompllshed in accordance with the provisions ef
the charter. .>Jt: is a question which will be re
ferred to theypeople for their .votes at the polls
and you mUBt decide it yourselves.' This loads
me to ; the • subject I of j the • public ownership of
public .utilities — water, - gas and wireless teleg
raphy.- (Laughter.) ; We might bring. the water
from,; Lake Tahoe , \u25a0 or. •; Michigan. .,\u25a0 (Laughter.)
This must be done, also, In accordance with the
charter. \u25a0 . These things will, not be determlnnd
by our candidate for Mayor. Your voice -is as
potent as his. Every man may be • heard * on
these and kindred subjects, j (Cheers.)*
...Now as to the streets. What is the record of
Continued on Page Sixteen.
During the past few days an effort has
been made by.a gang.of touts in this city
to Influence votes for Candidate Wells.
They, announced that unlimited money
bad .been ' placed' h* 'reputable r hands to bet
on ! the j" Republican ,; candidate^ ; ;.- Certain
well-known citizens heard' : there '".was
Wells money in' sight, and feeling he was
in no danger of being i elected, decided tc
cover -all -bets.- Yesterday half : a dozer
gentlemen visited the place -where "th>
money was . said to be ' placet! and offeree
to -cover any part or all of It.T- These citi
zens : were willing to individually bet $50(
that Mr. Wells would not be elected. , The j
were, however/ disappointed. -They wert
informed that the money; had been placed
Last evening half a dozen "other gentlo
men. who had heard that; money was be
ing bet on Wells, f ormed? a 'i pool, whicr
amounted ; to nearly $10,000,, :and &\com
mittee was sent to • the • alleged • handler oi
the Wells* money,' with •"•! a --view: towarc
covering every -dollar ; in;sight:'; They "al3<
were^ disappointed. 'They were "informet
thatithe money :had all; been placed:
The alleged holder of rthe v Wells monej
would ; not . enlighten ; the ' committeet as. tt
ihose .who had.j .taken ; the " bets,/ and- u
WELLS IS NO LONGER ; \v
?. FAVORITE IN : : : BETTING
One of the greatest injustices. done. this city
was the \u25a0 bubonic fake of the Board of Health.
The Injury done San Francisco was irreparable."
First the city was quarantined and that quar
antine, was- broken -by the local, courts. "...That
enemy of the State, -Kinyoun,- co-operating with
the Board of Health, '\u25a0 was not satisfied and they
had- the State, quarantined by all 1 the r- world.
Governor Gage was finally called to the rescue.
That official appointed a number of citizens ! to
Journey to . Washington and * have : this I blot ! on
our State removed. A man. should. love his city
even as his - own friends and if any man con
nives with the enemy of ' his city i dam
age that man ought to be . thrown out. .When
our trade . was | being . diverted I Into 'other", chan
nels, . where -was the \u25a0 Democratic candidate for
Mayor? Dressed in his knickerbockers, Mr. iTo-
The speaker referred to Mr. Schmltz as
a good man gone wrong, and character
ized the Democratic convention as having
been dominated by Phelanism. The labor
convention, hfe declared, was the offspring
of passion, and Its candidates therefore
should not be elected. If the Republican
convention was so bad, how came it thit
such men as John Lackmann .for Sheriff,
Henry Baehr for Auditor and. Albert B.
Mahoney for » County Clerk were nomi
nated? And how was it 'that the present
Republican members of /the Board of Su
pervis'ors—Sanderson, Wilson &nd' Boxton
—were renominated? Referring to the rec
ord of. the Democratic Board of Super
visors, Mr. Shortridge said : .'\u25a0 ! . .:>.;_\u25a0 , *.*
Now what shall we. say of the record of those
who look to you for suffrage? -What has been
done for the schools of our city?: I 'will" read
to ; you from the Examiner of yesterday. I had
great difficulty in finding a copy of it.: (Laugh
ter.) They are getting very scarce \u25a0 nowadays.'
(Cheers.). I 3ay.thls in kindness, . for, that great
shaper of national' politics has been 1 very kind
to me.' This paper says there are -nearly -17, 000
children of school \u25a0 age who are being deprived
of education by reason of a lack of. school facil
ities. Now shall we continue: this same old
school board In office? (Cries of "No! | No'.')
Shall we re-elect this 1 same old" Board of Su
pervisors? Shall we perpetuate ' this- part' of
Phelanism?.: . \u25a0.-=-. , • -^ " , :\u25a0; . .\u2666?•: . -
Work of the . Conventions.
As I shall show, he is the heir of the late
Mr. Phelan, and his election would be • a per
petuation of that' conglomerate of sickening ln
cempetency and irritating ofnclousness which,
In the poverty of our language, • we call ,"Phe
lanls-m.'" "\u25a0- - <
was beguiled into thinking that the insolvent
estate of the lamented was worth contending
for
To tell- the truth Mr. Tobin is not only the
sole heir of the late Mr. Phelan; he is a'sec
ond and smaller edition of that once promis
ing statesman. That makes a pretty | small
edition, I admit. He. is not quite as voluble,
not quite as visionary, not quite Fas handsome,
perhaps, but he is equally fluent: in imputing
wrong and dishonest motives -to his political
adversaries, equally ready to cast aspersions
on his political rivals, and odium on citizens
not • inferior to him in civic virtue and whose
intellectual peer he can never, be. ; . : >
What Tobin Stands For.
'. Who Is Joseph SJ Tobin?' The political heir
sole devisee — of the 'political.* fortunes . of the
late James D. Ph elan. To be sure. the deceased
did not lfcave much "of a "v political fortune—
scarcely any ' worth ' appraising; but! Mr.'' Tobin
But the people are looking for : a man* of
sober sense, of mature Judgment, of executlve,
administrative ability, of business sagacity, \u25a0 of
large . experience and intimate • acquaintance
with the condition of the city— her finances,
her needs— and they find him in the person.'of
Asa R. Wells. • • - " \u25a0 \u25a0 . ' „•;•\u25a0-
So you see a man may have many-accom
plishments, and be possessed of many loveabie
qualities, and yet not be an orator. \u25a0 To • Ml
you the truth there are but a few of us left."
Who Is Aea R. Wells? One of the common
people— honest, plain, straightforward— one who
has lived and labored I in your, midst . for forty
years— the watchdog of the treasury. . -
Ah, but it ls said that Mr. Wells is no orator
— no orstor as Brutus is. I grieve to say that
to this charge be may have to plead ; guilty.
But what are we to do?- Not all men are or
can be orators. (Certainly no one I will accuse
Mr. Tobin of being an orator.).. The orator, it
is said, is something: like-, the poet — born," not
made. And who is it that* accuses Mr. Wells
of this heinous crime? My friend of 'the Chron
icle; an able man with many accomplishments
—he would scarcely be ranked with Demjs
thenes. 'My friend of The Call; an able .man
and possesxed of many lovable- qualities— he
would hardly be classed with \u25a0 Cicero. -
And riKht here let me say that It does, not
become Mr. Tobin to reflect on the character
of Mr. Wells. Mr. Wells ls a pioneer of Cali
fornia. He- was aiding: ta build up this city
and State when Mr. Tobin was wiling- and
peeking in his nurse's arms. I note that Mr.
Tobin disclaims attacking Mr.. Wells, but- in
the same breath repeats his slanders. "The
Democratic candidate but "poisons in Jest,', no
offense in the world." " \u25a0 \u25a0,
Personnel of Candidates.
ventlon, record with record. Throw on the
light, that the people may see and read.
What, then, of platforms? The Republican
platform is sound and meets the- requirements
of such a document. It Indorses the magnifi
cent administration of William McKinley, de
plores his untimely I death, demands punish
ment by death of him who assaults the Presi
dent of the .United States, denounces anarchy
and errresses the hope that the governments
of the v. orld will unite In suppressing anarchy
and the causes which produce anarchy.
Comins to strictly local matters, the Re
publican. Dlatform and the Republican candi
dates declare that experience- has shown that
the new charter is a superior law for the gov
ernment of this municipality and that its pro
visions shall be carried .out in their Just and
true rr>lrit. '• \u25a0
The Republican platform further declares:
"We demand that additional > school houses be
constructed," etc. (See pages 3-4 of platform.)
No creed, no color; all men are free. •
What, then, of the candidates?. What of
their antecedents, characters, abilities,' - fit
ness? Fellow-citizens, ' let it be conceded ' that
the characters of the candidates for Mayor
are rood. ' t - '
SAMUEL M. SHORTRIDGE, THE WELL KNOWN REPUBLICAN AND GIFTED' ORATOR, DELIVERING HIS
SPEECH IN SUPPORT OF THE CANDIDACY OF ASA R.- WELLS FOR MAYOR OF SAN FRANCISCO AT MET
ROPOLITAN TEMPLE LAST EVENING. • \ ' • .
Bitter and' blighting indeed was the
frost which Eugene Schmitz, the Labor
party's candidate . far Mayor, and the
other nominees on the Labor ticket went
up against last night when they arrive J
at Leclaire Hall for the purpose of ad
dressing the - voters -of the Thirty-third
District. 1 Not' even a raging '.\u25a0bonfire,
brightly blazing in J front 'of ;the ''meeting
place, could s pierce"; the intensity 'of the
frost nor induce.' any. number., of. thevot:
ers of the Thirty-third District to leave
their homes. By actual" count, when the
musical, candidate the hall, "there
were three men and six boys waiting to
receive him. Two- of the men were:em
ployes in the grocery -store adjoining the
meeting hall. - . •' \u25a0'•\u25a0".--; '-.'•-\u25a0
When Schmitz saw the size and compo
sition of - his audience; his inspiration for
istfeechmaking forsook him. Out of-com
passion, however, heinvited his represen
tation in the Thirty-third - into the ~gro :
eery store to have something for .the suc
cess of the Labor ticket. After this, with
out explaining to' his audience any of the
issues of the" campaign, he took the next
car headed out of the frigid atmosphere.
His example was followed by the other
candidates.^ . •' ' • \: ,»
5 Schmitz next betook himself to the Key
stone Athletic Club's • hall . on Mission
street, where a boxing exhibition and mu
sical entertainment was in progress. Here
about 150 men' had gathered 'to enjoy the
entertainment. Schmitz, on entering the
hall: was received with cheers. He climb
ed through the ropes into the ring and ad
dressed the meeting. - ' '\u25a0*_ T
I Robert Loughery, Thomas F. Egan Isa
dore Less, William J. Kenney; J. M. Mur
phy, William J. Wynn and several others
of the Labor party-' were introduced to
the.members-and guests of the club.
The cheer .which Schmitz -received s.t
the Keystone Athletic Club was evidently
not sufficiently hearty to dispel. the . chill
of his reception .in the Thirty-third Dis
trict, for as soon ' as he concluded his
speech at the entertainment his manager
announced that he- intended take the
Union Labor candidate in out of , the cold
and" wet. ; Schmitz was to have addressed
a meeting at, Hoover Hall ?nd another of
the 7 Machinists' Helpers in. the Native
Sons' building, but both were given the
ko by. .-.'* ..•-.\u25a0 V-
Schmitz Chilled by Atmosphere of
\u25a0 Thirty-Third IMstrict.
FROST FOR LABOR CANDIDATE.
The Democratic candidates will speak
and a varied vaudeville programme will
be presented as an extra attraction.
Glen Park will be the scene of a big
Democratic barbecue to-day. The ar
rangements will not be interfered with In
the event of rain; as the theater and other
.buildings- will accommodate many j thou
sands. - , .
Democratic Barbecue To-Day.
the dupe of 'politicians. Wells said six months
ago that this board was the best San Francisco
ever had. He said a week ago that the board
and the Mayor should be of the same political
faith. I appeal to you, however,, not as parti
sans, not as members of any political Part>.
but as- practical citizens with the good of San
Francisco at heart, to go Into the booth on
election day and vote; for the men you know
have done their duty. ..We ask only that as
conscientious • American citizens you discharge
your duty as - such men should— as men seed
ing the West -Interests of the city. '
went away with the Idea that touts had
circulated the story In order . to add
strength to Wells' waning cause. .
The determined fight that is being made
against * the Republican candidate has
lowered his standing in the betting. He
is . no longer looked upon as a favorite,
and. in order to secure ~a. bet -with a
.Wells sympathizer, . the bettor must giva
odds. ' ,
! Until this -board went • into . of flee San Fran
cisco had been a city the prey of corporations.
' Men will appear on this . platform - and - tell
you they represent union labor; I will tell : you
they J are " the friend of . the worklngman. \u25a0 « We
place on one side .our record. \u25a0\u25a0= We do not ask
those others ;' to produce a list of what ' they
have done to benefit the worklngman, but to
point to one single act in this direction for
which \u25a0 they have been in any way responsible.
There are' the scales.' Do the weighing your
selves." We bring you' acts,, not words. -We
stand as much -the representatives ; of labor,
of <the poor man, as any. party. "We have
done our duty by San Francisco, - irrespective
\u25a0of class, and you -citizens are bound to do
your ..duty, by . us. '. v .. ,. ' . .- /. .'....- '
' We do not ' come , on our knees asking ! for
jotes. . We appeal \u25a0 to you'r practical, sound,
common j sense as . American citizens ' and busi
ness men.. (Voice from the audience, ''Tobin,'
you're all right." )'\u25a0>..\u25a0. S* .:'\u25a0•• ' -7 . - -'•-
Has Wells' Indorsement.
We have • also- laid aside $625,000 .for perma
nent Improvements. This money is now in
the city treasury; we have secured a 2%-cent
carfare for schoolchildren: we have 1 seen to
It that the Allied Printing Trades label is on
all city printing; we have Insisted on all our
contracts being controlled by -union wageo,
union rules i and regulations and upon the em
ployment of union . men in all . parts of the
city. , \u25a0 ' . • " • \u25a0 - \u25a0., . . .... . j .
'. Thie Board of Supervisors has paid oft $320,
000 \u25a0 of \u25a0 old j claim's. "When we . wenl into office
we found the credit of San Francisco almost
fatally impaired. \u25a0 We had . to pay . cash for
everything. At the end of our term we- find
our credit firmly established and every, valid
obligation provided for. These obligations in
clude salaries due teachers. .-\u25a0 . i
•: What has the \u25a0 present Board of Supervisors
done for the people of this end. of town*? The
Finahce , Committee, " gentlemen, has eet aside
%m.00O-'tor the improvement ' of the streets in
the-north end of the. city. \u25a0 This is more than
was laid aside for. any other district in San
Franclcco. It is now being expended as fast
as the work can be done. ., You who own prop
erty here are under, obligations to this Board
of Supervisors, and particularly to S. F. Jen
nings, chairman of the Finance Committee,
who worked unremittingly in your - interest. -
\u25a0During his detention in the prison, Con
boy informed . his . custodians that Ralney
had given him the cards and ordered him
to distribute them at Apollo Hall just as
soon as Tobin commenced to speak. He
said that Wells was gchtg to be all right
"to the boys," and that he. was '"out .for
Wells." - • " I • • \u25a0 :
Conboy is well known to the police as a
worthless denizen of the "under world"
and one of /Rainey's most : subservient
tools. 'He makes, his headquarters- at the
corner of Bush and Kearny, "down to the
stables." in -the parUmce. of the
The police say he is/a man without char
acter and has gained a precarious- exist
ence for some years past by the render
ing during I political campaigns of just
such, service as he gave last night" to the
cause of * the - Republican candidate for
Mayor. • \u25a0 " \u25a0 • . -
i The' removal of Conboy having cleared
the atmosphere, Tobin continued his ad
dress. V -:
He spoke of the danger, of government
by any one class, as a class, for thejj^he
fit of that class, and referred , to the ad
vice given eighty years ago by Daniel
•Webster. -.He told of what: the present
Board of Supervisors, the board now seek
ing election, has done- for that part of
town which takes in the Forty-third Dis
trict.' Continuing, he said:,' J ' v 'p*i
;.. Tell's of. Board's Good' Work." \u25a0[.-, .
: District in Apollo Hall, 810 Pacific
street. The attempt, which was engineered
on behalf of Asa R. Wells. by Sam Ralney
and signally failed,: won friends for Tobin
and^was the only disturbing incident of
one of 'thej,most successful Tobin!; meet
ings of the' campaign. , . \u25a0 : : -."
>s Tobin' arrived while Judge Conlan was
addressing theaudlence. The house wel
comed the candidate for Mayor by stand
ing up and repeatedly , cheering. \ Judge
Conlan gave way to the new arrival, after
introducing- him as the next Mayor. .
There were more cheers as Tobin" ad
vanced to the front, of the platform. He
had barely commenced talking, however,
when one Thomas H.' Copboy arose from
his seat, pulled from under bis coat a sub
stantial package of cards inscribed with
requests for votes for 1 Asa R. Wells and
commenced an ostentatious distribution
of the pasteboard pleas.. -
-Attention was attracted from the speak
er, whose voice was drowned in the mur
murs of protest at the interruption. Con
boy worked quickly and reached the mid
dle'of the well-filled hall before his fate
overtook him. ;
A : citizen \u25a0 j of ) the S Forty-third, before
whom Conboy stopped,- requested the dis
turber to. sit down. Conboy replied with
a four epithet. The citizen of \u25a0the'-Forty
1 third vindicated the honor of his * district
by smiting Rainey's deputy. The rest of
the Forty-third was promptly on ! hand,
but Special Policeman, Healey arrested
Conboy and saved the audience. the neces
sity of throwing him out. < He was taken
to the* Hall . of Justice, where a charge
of disturbing the peace was lodged against
him. Bail Clerk Fitzpatrick later issued
an order for Conboy's release on $10. bail,
which was paid by one F. Miguet. •
- 'Police. Know Conboy. '
; . DISREPUTABLE , attempt was
' made :'\ last ' evening ." to j prevent
Zj\ Joseph S. Tobin. from' speaking to
X^)Ythe citizens of! the Forty-third
He Distr.butes :Wells
Cards at a Meeting
in the North End
Rainey's Tool Tries
to Prevent Tobin
Making a _Speech
ISSUES OF CAMPAIGN ARE DISCUSSED;
IN INTERESTS OF TOBIN AND WELLS
Merits of Opposing
Tickets - Explained
by S. M. Shortridge
Asa R. Wells Was to
Outline a Policy
but' Sadly Failed
WHEN Thomas D. Riordan, on
behalf of the campaign com
mittee of the Republican par
ty, called the mass meeting
held last night at Metropoli
tan Temple to order his first words were
3f apology for the slim attendance. Seats
in tne main body of the hall were vacant,
while in the gallery a worse condition pre
vailed.' Over one-third of the space was
unoccupied, but later a few more dropped
In; but at no time was there any lack of
accommodation.
Following Mr. Riordan on the stage
came Congressman Julius TTaVin, who pre
sided ever £he meeting. Asa R. Wells
emerg&i Immediately behind him and
bowed to the audience. S. M. Shortridge,
the principal speaker of the evening, and
a number of candidates followed, taking
iheirrfKrisitions on the stage.
2Co time was lost In preliminaries. Chair
man Riordan said:
"I air. more than pleased at the attend
ance to-nigrht. Orators will tell you why we
desire a change in our municipal govern
ment. "We are compelled through per
sonal appeals to make our campaign, be
cause the time has passed when we can
appeal to you through the organs of our
party. Five days ago we announced a
mass meeting on Monaay night at B'nai
B'lith. Jiall o£ the Korty-second and For
ty-third IHstrict voters. Now what do
the Democrats do? Why, they just got
out and advertised two meetings on the
same n:^ht in the same districts. That is
what we nave to contend with. I will in
trodnce Congressman Julius Kahn as
chairman of the evenine."
Mr. Kann was received with great ap
plause and spoke as follows:
Enthusiasm Not Bead.
Z eee Republican enthusiasm is not deal.
The mere fact that Republicans have turned
out to-right as they have Ehowa they have
determined to win. San Francisco Is at the
turning point of her commercial and maritime
career. The time is. not far distant when San
rranolsco will become the second maritime
power in the United States. Conditions indi
cate a population of 1,600,000 In a few years,
•without counting . Chinese or Japanese. The
coming Congress •will pass on many question!
of vital interests, and it will not be eaid that'
San FranciscQ has repudiated the Republican
ccminit: ration.
Congressman Kahn then Introduced
Samuel M. Shortridge aa the principal
speaker of the evening. Mr. Shortridge
spoke as follows:
My Fallow Citizens : It was eaid of the great
Lord Cliatham, the elder Pitt, by Macaulay,
that • < He loved England as an Athenian loved
the City of the Violet Crown, as a Roman loved
the City of the Seven Hills."
But Athens in -all her eplendbr. Rome in all
1it grlory. was not to be compared with this
city of our homes and hearts— city of our pride
and hoi>e — beautiful, hospitable, healtMul San
Francifcoo. In spite of recreant cons who have
scandalized her, in spite of envious rivals that
have disparaged her, she stands in regraj beauty
without a peer, the Xew York of the Pacific
Coast, the Paris of America.. And beet of all,
she is the banner Republican city of thl? ban
nt-r Republican State, of this grand and re
publican nation.
Because I love San Francisco I am here to
assist la rescuing her from Phelaniem and ail
the visionary things Phelanism stands for. I
am hen; to assist in rescuing her from a, bu
bonic Bsard of Health that has wickedly placed
a blot on her hitherto fair and unpolluted
brow; I am here to assist In rescuing her from
Hoard cl Pufclic Works which .has been a bu
reau for the creation of high salaries, incom
petent s.nd extravagant— I am here to assist In
rescuing; her from a Board of Supervisors that
has"beei blind and deaf and dumb in the pres
ence of dangers that threatened the life of the
city — thai has slept when extravagance was
running riot, that has posed and attitudinized
and called itself holy when our boys and girls
have walked the streets in tears, thirsting for
knowledge.
lilission of the Speaker.
I am here to assltt in rescuing her, redeem
ing and disenthralling her from * influences
which have blighted her prosperity and threat
ened to arrest her progress and development.
I am here to assist in preventing the perpet
uation of an administration which has been
great in prophecy, contemptible In fulfillment,
great ia little things, but Impotent to deal in
large affairs.
1 am proud to say that I was rocked in a Re
publican cradle — taught by a father -who loved
his country well and died with a smile upon
his lips; when told of a Republican \u25a0 victory —
that since I could stand I have walked under
the Republican banner. I walk- under that
banner to-night. And because I '"do.* and be
cause re is- an upright and incorruptible man.
a loyal and untraxnmeled Republican. I am
here to assist. If possible, 4n making more
certain the election of San Francisco's tried
and true and faithful sen-ant, Asa R. Wells. •
There is no occasion for. anger. In this
contest there Is no place for anger. Certainly
I feel none toward any citizen who may differ
from ire. Some men who have done me wrong
I have forgiven ; some who have reviled me I
have forgotten. We are fellow-citizens, we
should be friends. Our homes, our firesides
are here. Here are the graves where our
lo\-ed ones deep and here we shall lie down
to rest after life's battle is over.
Nor :.s Jt an occasion for slander or libel.
These are the weapons of malice— weapons
used by the vicious and debased.
Let slander shut its malignant lips: let libel
*tay Its poisonous hand — and for the good of
our morals and the peace of our souls give
the cartoonists a long, an indefinite vacation.
Hearts Sore With Grief.
\u25a0VTe have had enough of reckless, wicked,
traitorous attacks on character. We still walk
in the shadow of a great sorrow. Our hearts
are fctill sore with grief. Our eyes are scarcely
dry. The pulpit, the bench, .the heart of a
stricken nation have cried out aeainst the
crime, the eln. of wantonly misrepresenting
the life, the motives, the high and holy pur
pose cf him who guided us to prosperity in
peace and led u« to dory In war— the beloved
and martyrd William McICinley.
Yellow journalism staggers under the rebuff
and indignation of an outraged people. Let
not th06e who have laid on the lash imitate
the vicious example of the wretch they affect
to scorn. -
Ko, no; let reason have an Inning; let truth
have a chance. Let the press be fair and
just and truthful. If heaven has denied it
greatnsss it can at least be decent. - \u25a0
It \a eald with much emphasis by those who
peek to justify their desertion of a party that
has honored them that there is or should be
no pol.tics in municipal e!ectior.6. This I deny
I bellwe in party, not individual, autocratic
Koverr.ment. in city. State and nation. I think
It highly important for us as citizens that the
a/fairs of this municipality be conducted by
party men— and by Republicans. Success in
this great city helps us to carry California next
fall. And carrying California next fall helps
to elect Theodore Roosevelt., in 1904.
Let Bourbon -Democracy lay aside Its mask
end c*ase to cmijure in the name of Abraham
Lincoln.
Comparison of Platforms. .
But I do not hesitate to discuss this election
from si local, personal point of view. I do not
hesitate to compare platform with platform
candidate with candidate, convention with con-
THE ,,SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27,1. -1901.
15
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Family cares and duties do not weigh
down tUe well woman; and the children
are never, in "-her way.v But when the
womanly health fails, and there is a con-
stant 'struggle \u25a0 vidth weakness and : pain,
household duties are a burden almost
past bearing, and children are a cease-
less annoyance and worry.', v
* Weak women \ are made strong and
sick women are made well by the use of
Dr. < Pierce's Favorite -Prescription. It
establishes regularity, dries disagreeable
i drains, heals - inflammation and : ulcera-
tion and cures female weakness. \u25a0*\u25a0
Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce by letter free; l All conrespondehce
strictly private and sacredly" confidential.'
Address Dr.' R.\V: Pierce, 11 Buffalo, NJ Y.-
"**v«ii had been ailing some time, troubled -with
female weakness, "writes Mrs. Wm. H. Johnson,:
of Avondale, Chester Co., Pa. • « I?»ery month. I
would have to lie on my back. "I tried many
medicines and nothing gave me relief
until I began Dr. Pierce's medicines,. using, two
bottles ofi ' Favorite ; Prescription ' and : two" of
'Golden, Medical Discovery. 1 These medicines
hav« cured me. > When I began your treatment
I was j not able to . do very mucu, but now I \u25a0 do
the work for my family of nine, and feel better
to-day than I have r for, a year.; 1 1 thank you,
doctor, 1 from the bottom of my heart, for well
\u25a0 do I know that yon are the one who cured me." -
w Favorite ' Prescription " has '. the ;. testi-
j mony of thousands of women to its com-
plete cure of -womanly, diseases. Do not
-accept; an unknown and 'unproved- sub-^;
stitufe In its place." ;'i •' -" •--* ••> : ' \u25a0 •';-
; ".Dr;; Pierce** > Pleasant Pellets arc \u25a0 the
•-.,•'• DB. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT. -
WONDERFUL CURES
To Protfie what the World-famous Discovery, Swamp-
r Root, will do for YOU, all Our Readers may" :.
have a Sample Bottle Free by Mail. 0>A-'t
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re^> js^^sj^ * '" '<-'/:
sponsible for more sickness and suffering ; \u25a0 .' \u25a0 . \u25a0 \^£~: ""
-Your other organs may need attention. . fiw/fe'-'-'- »\i^.0\
but your kidneys most, because they do iMW/^^" v\n$\y* -
mostand need attention first. .• •' W*Wv!*t%~-~ '- \u25a0^** < " *^^\{
So when your kidneys are weak or out - \Wwfyv£Z§£§z±*. \u25a0 --- _ «. V®A\\ I-
of order you can understand how quickly f '7K#,#%^§^^lfe^^^bsf^ki *»^«\\V
your entire body is affected and how ,ifl^W^W^SW v«fi^\\\\
every organ seems to fail to do its duty. . Seggl: MKvWLvX
If you are sick or "feel badly" begin Y. i&£H^§ V <«li'
taking Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the // '^m^^^^m, >?' iffiwT
great kidney, liver and bladder remedy. '////1>%&Wv6V?'-'- - ''1%>'- V
because as soon as your kidneys are well ///X^%Wmyy/f'i : $i0&zs*ib femv*
they will . help all the other organs to I'i^^^mV// &W%^ \ M^S^Ni/
health. A trial will convince any one. W^lzWvM l'*«?****$>. -jp^Ri
Among the many cures of this wonderful /•%&2^J3M!&%fr'. J5^^?r &^>&fx$Xi
medicine, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, investl- ' -^^^S^S^&'r^ — ~ '/ ! W^* l «^J5
gated by The Call, the ones which we publish \u25a0 j^%%r$!i$dL m
•to-day for the benefit; of our readers speak In Z&lZ^&i*^
the highest ternrja of the wonderful curative *!%Sf9Mft*3» #^^\W^*
properties of this great remedy: ¥/^WlMl' >HP^ I^S^\\\\
i " Des Moines, Iowa. Oct. 20, 1900. <f^m//MVr^ viT >w flWWW
"I had been out of health for a Ion?; time, / //////Wn\^&^/1 FSW /A\^wYuA
and I was taking medicine from a doctor's pre- . 'Iflffwli WYhT'it «'V'ii«L_^* Jl yxr'.r^'V V '
scriptlon when I received . your sample bottle. llfUll\!iW^H " "~' => *^ ss< *2PKxaw^^cs.» -
.1 stopped taking the doctor's medicine and" 'iVU'Ji-TnWI. <l Jl'vvvXw'
used the : sample- bottle of .Swamp-Root. I ; • 'ml IWia I Il^v//
afterwards . took ' two \u25a0 of - your large . bottles, - // ,Bi\ | \u25a0\u25a0 . iwaV^^V>Kf
bought at my drug store/ and they cured mo // Vwwm ' flifb C Mif
•entirely.' and I have not felt so well for years s \ WC\Sw\ /'/tv Jz? i.
I • thank you very much for sending me . th« !^v\» / 'l\ ".
sample bottle." --..-\u25a0\u25a0-- - - -
D. W. SMITH. 1821 Center st. D - W. SMITH, i t :- a
.,.-" , - - '" Mrs. H. N. ' "Wheeler, of 117 Hlg1» Rock it..
.-.-: . . \u25a0' . . : " -Lynn, Mass., writes on Nov. 2. 1900: "About 13
. SkO^*3B^%** '-'" months ago I had a v«ry severe spell of slck-
>v->T -^^"C? V ' n€SS - " l was' extremely sick for three weeks,
- '/or ' •'^^^$.O and 'when I finally was able to leave my bed
r trml jfr \u25a0vo*™ C 1 was left with excrutiating pains in my back.
. JS§S83«!§ii& X* ft My water at times lookeil very like coffee. I
'*//. ' ivi. could pass but little at a time, and then only
.*//. \'-V*« after suffering great pain. My physical condi-
* % H '£%E£$&stt£i^^2§&h •\u25a0 %\u25a0 " tion was such that l ha<i no strpn Sth and wa3
:/f -"^sSB^^^m^^^s&s- V-«\ a11 run flown. The doctors said my kidneys
'\u25a0 :/jf ' mBnSlrgKfir^ ***^™*-^ Mn were not affected, and while I - --. \
x J$£%*W iHI \$- Did Not Know \u25a0 Kad
I" \ I somehow felt certain my kidneys were ths
1 TSSM^J^^W> ?K*?i' \p \\ 1 cause of my trouble. My sister. Mrs. C. ii. Lit-
Vi // \titiEty(-^^^S': Y^&' »5 N\ I tlefleld of Lynn, advised me to give Dr. Kil-
tS f/i ' '-^» *V N\\\\O^ * mer's Swamp-Root a trial. I procured a bot-
• « // TtfflwA- Jsik^J 1 *. LVvy\v x 1 tie and Inside of three days commenced to get
' '«\ ////// $%?\\ \\\V^N I relief I followed up that bottle with another.
•J /////// jamM^A^^' / AmCvvV I and at the completion of this one found I waj
ilVl^ ' completely cured. My strength and
i\ /////tfMm^^&fc • \u25a0 • 'A \V^\. l f to-day I am as well as ever. My business is that
iWM^^fc^Kl^ k of canvasser. I am on my feet a B rea-. deal
i'X '////J^^^^^^^^^^M^^^k'R \u25a0 of the time, and have to use much energy in
i\ik VM%^ . Rw^v^Ai KeUin" around. My cure is, therefore, all th«
lMMB%mSik^ wltiilMl \u25a0 ™° r " re "*r? table ' nd ls exceedlnsly siatify "
" J -^^^^^^^^^P^V* Swamp-Root wtu^do^ust as^ucif Jor
\ J^*V anv housewife whose back is too weak
-\u25a0\u25a0' j> her necessary work who 3
».- v il jili pr- -***' - \u25a0 always tired and overwrought, who feels
. . MRS. H. N. WHEELER. -. that^^cargi^l^ar^inore^a.sh.
\u25a0 :'\u25a0../; ".. ailing. •••; "T'fil*
tion. when obliged to pass your water l T ?* u *™P*£l5?\£EduS\e backache? lame
> that you read. this generous offer in the San-Y rancl&co Sunday can.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AWEAKBACr
Seme people suffer from this ai'-
ment nearly all their lives. # They
are nervous and despondent
ihro jgh losa of sleep. The fact is
their kidneys are weak and m
unable to perform th?ir proper
functions. The best .medicine to.
strengthen the kidneys, stimulate
the liver and cure indigestion,
dyspspsia, sleeplessness ; ?'6jjj
malaria, fevsr and ag"U3, is • '
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS;.
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
I JO THIRD STREET, SAN FRANGISGO,
I We HaY8 Gnt Prices
JpiHlilll
I Now is the time to btyr Rub-
| bers, for the first rains have fallen.
I and there is no telling how soon
g it will rajn again. As usual, we
n have bargains for our customers.
M and will ofTe- Rubbers at the fol-
I lowing prices:
I Ladies' first quality Boston Veto
/I Foothold Rubbers, sizes I to 6,
| reduced to 15c a pair. «
k Ladies* First Quality , Middle-
B sex Rubber. Company's Storm
Q .- Rubbers, sizes 2j4 to 8. .... .35c
I . Men's First Quality Middlesex
| * Rubber .Company's; Storm . : Rnb-
." 1 -bers, sizes 6;to k H/..r."^....50c
ill v.^S^^ RRn
.-. I V - "V —*^ \u25a0 UJb
\u25a0 » Fancy -Gilt Embroid-
;\u25a0 H ered Turkish Slippers, in red,'
. a tan and black; sizes 3 to 8, reduce^ .
§ PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
i : l6 THIRD STREET,
' I San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Gsnted After 1 Years \u25a0
of Pile Torture.
.i James ';Kenton,., Memphis, Tenn.', say3: ; VI
suffered s .the tortures of itching piles . for years
and 'not even mercurial ointment -would relieve
me, One ' 50c * box* of J Pyramid \ Pile Cure : cured
me c entirely." ,j." All sell //It. .'"Bookr
f "Piles, -Causes and Cure," "mailed free/'Pyra-
TnidlDrwg'Oj.i': Marshall/ Mich, "^ ' ' . .Candidate Learns of : Plot to
Misrepresent Him WitH
Labor.
Examiner ' Is Contem
plating, a Cowardly
/ ' Attack.
TOBIN STANDS
FOR HIGH WAGES
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 26.— J. M. Guitterez.
who resides- • near Watsonvtlle, became
the father of his thirty-third child a few
days ago. He was born in Mexico 79
years ago and has been married four
times. Of . the thirty-three children
twenty-one are alive.
Father of Thirty-Three : Children.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 2&-It is reported
that Mrs. Doak, wife of D. P. Doak,
formerly president of the j Missouri
Smelter Company, was rotbedof some
jewelry a few days ago in the Coronado
Hotel, the property having been. taken
from her dressing case while' she was at
breakfast. The value of the Jewelry was
J500. ' " •
Guests Bobbed of Jewels.
Six Insane Men From Nome.
TACOMA, Oct. 26.— Deputy United
States Marshal F.- P. Clingan of Nome ar
rived from they. north to-day, bringing
with him six Insane persons. Clingan was
assisted by six: guards. Only one. of the
men .was violent. -He was Daniel b'Don
nell. After knocking down two jjassen
gers and fighting desperately with 'the
guards he was placed in irons. The other
insane men were James Carter. Andrew
Allison, James Michael Reese, James Otis
and James Matthews. The latter was
formerly well know^i in Seattle. He went
to Dawson several years-ago and later to
Nome, where his mind became impaired
Carter and Otis were formerly residents
of Oakland, California.
Fuel Oil in the Tunnels.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Oct. 26.— Experiments
are to be made with fuel oil by the Great
Northern in the Cascade tunnel to de
termine the merits of assertions made by
railway engineers that oil fuel keeps air
ln tunnels clear. Although the most im
proved system of fan ventilation has
already been applied, it is said' to be
almost imposslale to keep the tremendous
bore free from coal smoke and gases. It
ia planned to use in the tunnel heavy loco
motives fitted with " devices for burning
petroleum. These are to be used -on all
trains through the tunnel,. coal fire loco
motives taking the, trains again as they
emerge.
TACOMA, Oct. 26.— A New York syndi
cate that intended building a large furn - :
ture and cabinet ' factory in Manila for
the cutting up of mahogany and other
native woods "has become so disgusted
with the difficulty of obtaining suitable
labor that the factory will be built in
Hongkong instead.
George H. Allen; formerly of New York,
is. general manager of the Hongkong and
New York Furniture Company, which
was formed to carry out this project.
After spending several weeks in the
Philippines he declares that the Filipinos
are the worst specimens of workmen hi
has ever seen. He found them lazy, un
willing to learn and without ambition to
do anything other than exist and fight
game. cocks. He believes the Philippines
are superior to the adjacent islands of
Java and Sumatra in their wealth of
mahogany, teak and other woods capable
of taking high polish. He has decided to
erect his plant in Hongkong and import
raw materials from Manila.
Manager for Hew York Syndicate
Gives TJp a Manila Manu
facturing Project. ]
SAYS FILIPINOS ABE '
TOO LAZY TO WOEK
RENO, Nev., Oct. 26.— Senator John P.
Jones of Nevada made the announcement
to his friends »iere to-day that the evolu
tion ot political issues found him again nu
alignment with the Bepubllcan party. •
Said he: . '
I have suffered no change in any of the con
victions I have entertained in . the past, and
my return to the Republican party does violence
to none of those convictions. I am aa sincere
a believer In the doctrine of bimetallism as
when I .left the Republican party solely for
that cause, and were the conditions to-day as
then I would be numbered among those de
fending it. .The- enormous output of sold, how
ever, has accomplished what blmetaniana would
have accomplished. The silver Issue Is dead
aiid we are face to face with other issues. •
I have always acted with the . Republican
party upon every, question but stiver. I have
an unbroken record aa a protectionist. My vote
ln the Senate Committee on Finance enabled
the Dingley tariff bill to be reported and thus
saved the country from the woes of. Demcratic
tariff misrule. I believe in progress and" ex
pansion upon every line beneficial to Amer
ican trade, commerce and labor. And I believe
that in the alignment of political parties to-day
the Republican party Is the only one which la
In touch- with the economic progress of the
twentieth century. ' -
Continuing, the Senator said' that tho
fact that President Roosevelt was the
first executive who had ever understood
and appreciated the vast latent possibili
ties of the West was an earnest, in his
judgment, of legislation by ' Congresa
beneficial to t^ie arid region.* Nevada had
much to lose while remaining' out of line
with the party in power, and he believed
her greatest welfare wa3 wrapped up in
Republican success, national and .'State.
Said he: c ....'. '.".:' .1
I believe that next election will find her aaraln
"tn the Republican colnmn, I have a deep feel-
Ing for this commonwealth.' which 'has. honored
me for so many years, and my gratitude wUt
never end. I thank God that after, twenty year*
of depression she is on the upgrade., and I look
for more progress' to be made ln the" State the
next two years than 'In the past quarter of a
century." : \u25a0 ' \u25a0 " ' \u25a0 ' \u25a0"\u25a0"- • •' ." -
Nevada Senator Returns
to the
. Party. . :
JOHN P. JONES
BACK IN FOLD
A nugget worth $1600 has been found
in ready bullion at Treadwell. It Is the
largest nugget ever found in that sec
tion. .•\u25a0••..-
Skaguay; is r threatened with another
flood. On Sunday morning the river bad
risen until its waters were within three
inches of the bunker embankment.
TACOMA.Oct. 26.— The steamship Dol
phin, arriving this morning, brought uore
than $500,000 in treasure, the last that will
be shipped out this season, and 174 passen
gers, Including some of the -most prominent
persons in the north. More than .$200,000
of. the gold was. divided among the pas
sengers. The remainder was shipped out
by the commercial companies, and the
Canadian Bank of Commerce. William
Northrop, an El Dorado claim owner, had.
a box or dust estimated to be worth
$30,000. -
i The Dolphin left Skaguay on Monday
night. Her Dawson passengers had de
parted from the Klondike metropolis on
the river steamer White Horse on Octo
ber 13: The Ora, Nora and Flora were
still to leave Dawson for White .Horse.
The Yukon. River is running high. Ice
was forming and indications were that
navigation would close by October 25. The
steamer Ora, leaving- last Monday, was
to have been the last steamer up river.
On Sunday morning a man named Hen
ning attempted to murder his wife m
Atlln. He cut her throat with a razor.
Hennlng was arrested after a hard tight.-
His victim was not dead at last reports.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Navigation ". on the Yukon
Is Probably Closed for
the Winter.
Dolphin Brings More
Than a Half-Million
in Gold.
LAST TREAUSRE
SHIP RETURNS
THE; SA1S FRANCISCO "CALL., SUNDAY, OCTOBER 2Tf 1901.
Continued From Page Fifteen.
Nothing could have been so lamentably
weak as Mr. Wells' "exposure of the lies
of the twin Benedict Arnolds of the
press." , He said that the reason the
Chronicle and Call opposed him was be
cause'they-'were not permitted to dom
inate the convention. Then he proceeded
to discuss, the issues , by Baying that the
questions of franchises and public util
ities were momentous, but in the next
breath he said the Mayor should be above
these petty questions.
. Mr. Wells was becoming hopelessly
tangled and -although his friends sought
to give him time to gather his rambling
\u25a0thoughts by provoking applause he failed
utterly to- respond. The address, to which
the Bulletin and all of. Mr. Wells' friends
looked forward with such expectancy and
by -which the opposition press was to be
crushed to. the point of absolute silence
What Wells Actually Said.
Mr. Wells' mouthpiece,' the Bulletin, yes
terday announced that he would discuss
all the issues of the campaign. The paper
in question went on to say :
He will expose the campaign lies of the twin
Benedict Arnolds of the press, -the traitorous
Call and Chronicle, party deserters.' now en
gaged ln knifing, the Bepubllcan candidates.
Perhaps it may" be considered worth while to
tell the motives of Aguinaldo de Young in ni3
attack upon the Republican party in this city',
though this Filipino-like editor has long ceased
to have any influence. Aa . for John Dough
Spreckels— well, people sometimes pity the In
tellectually-weak. Perhaps .it may not be
worth the while to bring all the idiocies into
the strong light. •\u25a0 -- . : .-."
Asa R. Wells, whose conduct of the office of
Auditor has been such that the Chronicle could
hardly find terms of praise strong enough to
voice Its ' commendation, aa a candidate for
Mayor wilt address the biggest meeting of the
campaign and outline his policy in no uncer
tain terms. . - . • .
God's" plans are never plain'; until they
are perfected, v - '.- .-\u25a0 .--. •-. v •- -.: - , ... y
The people' of \u25a0; Stockton, -Kans., are
laughing at a dumpy little pair of married
folks who -live in that city.. The fire .bell
rang in • the \u25a0 middle i of .the.: night andHht
husband, pitched out of! bed .and ran to the
scene " without" stopping " to '• \u25a0 change "' his
nightshirt for anything mare clothful. But
In Light" Attire:
Asthma sufferers need no . longer \u25a0 leave' home
and business in order to be cured. Nature has
produced a vegetable " remedy that wlll"..per
manently cure Asthma' and all diseases of the
lungs and bronchial "tubes. • Maying tested . Us
wonderful curative- powers , in • thousands of
cases (with a record of 90 per cent.: permanently
cufed) and desiring to relieve human suffer
ing, • I will . sond • free . of -charge to aij' sufferers
from Afthma, Consumption, Catarrh, Bronchitis
ana nervous diseases, this' recipe in German,
French" or English, with 'full directions :for
preparing and using. v Sent by i mall. -Address
with stamp, . naming this paper. \u25a0 W. A. • Noyes,
»47 Powers, block, Rochester, N. T.
A CUBE FOB. ASTHMA.
People 'who hunt with- guns simply ; for
the sake of the -nort'are giving up that
habit; ; more ; and more and . using - the
Sfr^flSS;*' T Jh y *i? nd l n that harmless" in
strument^ all the <:\u25a0 elements r that make
hunting fascinating, ; without Its • cruelty
. It Is particularly recommended to • youne
people.- who, in photographing birds and
the.- smaller; wild ...animals, •. have all the
excitement \u25a0; and -. '\u25a0 amusement that . they
could -for, ..with'- a healthftil and
wholly beneflclalistudy of: nature. ' The
photographing df cases of cruelty to' ani
mals, or of the results ; of cruelty, » Is be
coming quite • common: ; A snapshot of- a
case : of ' thl3 kind " may often be conveni
ently taken ; and > the picture < Is the, 1 best
evidence .- that : can be produced* in court
when i the offender, is to > be prosecuted.'"—
Buffalo Commercial.-. : . . . .
The Camera Replaces the Gun.
Viennese hair^ dressers have held I: a
mass-meeting to protest against* the'pre
vailing masculine fashion of wearing the
hair cut short, as being Inartistic and un
natural. A certain length, say of .thirty
millimeters, they, aver, should be main
tained.. . \u25a0 . , .\u25a0:'!''
lar, the franc as the French or Swiss
dollar, the lira as the Italian dollar and
the pound sterling as the British dollar.
This rule works in y a costly manner in
England, but in the ; rest of Europe its
applications: are .-.wholly satisfactory. —
Hartford >Courant. -.-.-: H .' \u25a0 'i. \u25a0"\u25a0 -:--',. \"U:. -'''
A'Mahony Club was formed last night
at Mascotte Hall; in . the . interest of the
candidate for County Clerk. The fcllow
ing^orncials were selected : President, D.
B. Faktor; secretary, J. J. Murphy; treas
urer, G.-_. Sharp; campaign committee,
Charles'C. Morris, F.Grunler, J. D. No
lan, \VY Rlckard, S. Harris and, J. Strouse:
Jarty-tnree members signed the roll.
scarcely Jiad he reached the crowd,. which
already had gathered, when his wl/ecame
£r~K y £ ftGr hlm V rarr y ln * his tro£
ers, which- she urged him to put: on-she
? er^ \u25a0 being -in nothing more
City?iurSX" • r ° be dC nult -Kansas
Mahony. Club Formed.
American Travelers and Their Tips.
The London Mall flgures.lt out thus,
after making a more' or less careful study
of the subject: "As the American tourist
increases ln numbers be Increases also in
tbrirtineES." Cabmen, porters and hotel
servants, it says, agree in the opinion
that "the average American-is the least
remunerative of their clients."
Possibly there has been an increase of
knowledge. A bank ln one of our smaller
cities once charged nearly 4 per cent com
mission for transferring a sum of Ameri
can money to Europe. The bank, employed
that rcugh method of calculation whereby
< marks, or S francs, or 5 lire, are equal to
51, and S3 are equal to £1 sterling. This
method ia easy, but the inaccuracy, of it
is costly when it is applied to a sum of
several thousands of dollars. Possibly
American travelers are also beginning to
take ' account of another, fact, namely:
that ln Germany 80 marks are SO marks,
In the estimation of Germans, and not a
little more than $19, according to our
estimation; that In France or Switzerland
the franc Is not merely a sum less-thao 20
cents in our money, but really, and In the
practice of .those countries, Just the same
to the people, there as the dollar is among
us. That Is to -say, Americans are learn
ing to treat,the mark as the German dol-
In concluding his address,- Mr. Short
riuge said that if the people wanted a good
platform, that of the Republican party
had as much to offer as that of any other
partv. If they want men with records,
the Republican candidates furnished the
necessary Qualifications.. The city will
not burn down; it will survive all dangers
and grow in strength and happiness. He
esked bis friends to vote with the party
which was in favor of law. order and
prosperity, and upon whose roll the names
of tie greatest men in American history
were to be found- *
"Now, p«rmlt me to Introduce to you
our next Mayor, Asa . R. Wells," con
cluded Mr. Shortridge. as he turned to
that gentleman with extended hands. Mr.
Well* rose, and taking Mr. Shortridgre's
hand advanced to the rostrum, to • the ac
companiment of an uproar .that shook the
rafters. Mr. Wells bowed repeatedly. His
face was wreathed in smiles, but his feat
ures twitched nervously. He was plainly
not at ease. • ":' \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0-•\u25a0 \u25a0.
the Board of Public Works? The Chronicle
Mys the board shows $4' expenditures for sala
ries and $1 for public Improvements on the
rtreets. Do we want to perpetuate this board
ln office? (Cries of "No.") "
What about this wonderful surplus we hear
so much about? We hear of a surplus of $223,
000. To be sure, the school children could not
find seats; to be sure the lights were out. and
the eandbagser was in evidence everywhere.
The Board of Supervisors sought ln every way
to secure the money which had been set aside
for the payment of Interest . on bonds, final
Judgments against . the city, and of the out
standing funded debt- Who caved this money
to the city? It was Asa R. Wells. (Cheers.)
He. the watchman of our treasury, saved. that
surplus of vhlch our Democratic opponents
are making so much capital. •
The hereditary : Grand Duke Michael of
Russia- is" going to have a ' hard time get
ting a bride. -He is. forbidden to marry a
first cousin, which disposes of the tale
about his Impending 1 betrothal to Princess
Beatrice of Saxe-Coburg Gotha;- . There Is
not a single eligible grand duchess of the
Russian imperial family, • nor is there a
princess ' of • suitable age- jin -Prussia or
Sweden, whUe -those in , Denmark are . ex
cluded by ttfeir relationship. \u25a0• Austria, Ba
varia and Spain being all :'\u25a0\u25a0 Impossible
through religious 'difficulties. ' the Grand
Duke Michael is limited to minor princely
families, of Germany 1 or to England, and
in- the .daughters of >'the Duke -, of. ~ Con
naught- and. -Princess Alice; of -Albany
there are 1 three unexceptionable •, candi
dates. : It is understood that the Empress
Dowager of 7 Russia; and: the"-. -Czar •• and
Czarina i would | all welcome v' an i English
bride, wltn> satisfaction. — Chicago News. .\u25a0\u25a0
Hard for the Grand Duke.
I should like to tell you that the. Democratic
; party has been ' in . office for . two i years, and
to tell you .what they have accomplished. -..They
prate about their honesty, but officeholders
After a. song by the California Quartet
Arthur Q. Flsk, nominee for District At
torney,' spoke briefly. N He said: , v. • ".
Other Candidates Speak.
I am- not, my friends, Abraham Lincoln .'or
William McKinley (a voice, "You're a w second
McKlnley"), - those -great, I honest- American
statesmen. They > had qualities in their char
acters that I admire, and they come home • to
me with much force. "I can. say. that, in all
the walks of my life I might follow their ex
amples, and I assure you that ln all my public
acts I shall endeavor to observe their precepts
and \u25a0 practices. - I thank you for your, attention.
(Applause.) \u25a0 ' * • ;
- Mr. : Chairman, toadies and -.Gentlemen: I
come before you to-night to make a statement.
I desire to say that I was nominated \u25a0 by the
Republican party and my election is being op
posed by the Morning Call and the Chronicle
because they < were not permitted to dominate
the -convention. I can assure you," my friends,
that I am beholden to no man, no set of men.
no corporation. I have not made a promise
to any - living soul. If I am elected Mayor I
can assure , you that I will ' be ,the Mayor of
the city and county of- San Francisco. ; (Ap
plau&e.) . . '.
I wish to. add a* word regarding-: franchises
and public utilities.' These are . great, momen
tous questions. No man is wise enough to say
Just what should be done in these cases. What
ever it is believed is the will of the people,
what the people may want when we reach these
questions I assure you they .will find a strong
friend and helping hand in me. - But lt seems,
my . friends, • that the Mayor should: be above
these petty questions. I think that you should
take the Mayor somewhat on trust. The tree
is known by its fruit. I believe that I shall
be equal to those questions if they ever reach
me.- . • ...\u25a0-\u25a0..--\u25a0'..-..\u25a0
hereafter. Is given: herewith in full:
I promised to conduct the business of the city
as far as my office was concerned, on business
m etnod J when I was a candidate two years
ago. .That this has been done, I leave to you
to judge. But I do npt take all the credit upon
myeelf. • I ; have had . able ; assistants. . Some
people say why don"t you spend your money
blow It in, I guess they mean— and give us
fellows a chance? Well we have blown some
of .it in. We have Improved the Jails and
made them habitable. We have repaired that
old bastile on Broadway till lt now looks like
something else than, a ruin. We did that out
of our savings. We. had an office that was a
disgrace to this city and we have improved
that. too. , That is the .way we have 1 blown
in ycur. money.' Every Republican official that
went in: at the same time aa I did has lust
as good a record to show. . •
-JThe meeting adjourned with cheers for
the. ticket.. .„,. . : . .
I John Lackmann, candidate for . Sheriff,
made a brief speech. He said, two years
ago he made promises that Iff elected he
would try to carry out and referred to
his career in office as.- a rebuke to the
complaint made that Republican officials
were dishonest. He said: ' :
need something: more than honesty. The Board
or tnibllc works has cost four times as much
for salaries as it • has expended for improve-
m f? ts ;" The Democratic party has always been
run of promises. The nominees xm this ticket
are just as good. Just as honest and just as
capable as any on the Democratic ticket. v
ISSUES OF CAMPAIGN ARE DISGUSSED BY SPEAKERS.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 28.—
Dr. Paul S. Beinsch, professor of political
science in the University of Wisconsin,
will deliver: a course of lectures before
the students of the university during the
week beginning October 28 on "Motives
and Method* of Modern Colonial Ex
pansion."
Lectures on Expansion.
. VACAVILLE, Oct. 26.— There was a re
union of Odd Fellows . here to-night.
Grand Master William Nichols and other
grand officers attended. Degree teams
came from Apollo Lodge of San Francisco
and Industrial Lodge of Sacramento, and
300 delegates from Sulsun, Elmlra, Dlxon,
Vallejo and Birds Landing attended.
Twenty-five candidates were initiated. A
banquet followed the. ceremony.
Reunion of Odd Fellows.
"At no time In the discussion did I state
that the hours and wages therein fixed
were unfair or that 'the wages were ex
cessive. In: fact, I strongly expressed
myself as in favor of the rate of wage3
and the- hours of labor specified 4n the
bill. The only points raised and the only
points, discussed were as to whether or
not the~ bill conflicted with -certain provi
sions of the charter and whether the mat
ter was i in the, jurisdiction of the Board
of - Supervisors • or the \ Board :\u25a0 of Public
Works.' It was the sincere desire of each
and every member of. the, board,, includ
ing, myself, to fix the wages at $2 50 and
the period of work at eight hours a day,
if It could be legally done. J ' ? ' J -•\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0-*\u25a0
f My views now coincide with the-views
then expressed. I am strongly In favor
of the rate of $2 50 per day and a period
of eight hours for a day's labor, and have,
never expressed myself otherwise."
"In February, 1900, an ordinance was
introduced Into the Board of Supervisors
fixing the rate of pay of laborers em
ployed by the Board of -Public Works at
$2 50 per day. Considerable discussion
arose at that time as to whether 'this or
dinance conflicted with certain provisions
of .the charter. .For' the purpose of final
ly determining the,' legality of the ordi
nance, it was moved to refer the matter
to the City Attorney for his, opinion- I
voted for the motion and it was defeated.
"X motion was then made to refer the
matter to the Board of Public Works. a3 !
it was a matter within that board's juris
diction. That motion was also lost. THe
bill was then put on- final passage and I
voted In favor of it.V It was unanimously
adopted. . * . ' -
One of those insidious political attacks
toTy which the Examiner Is so 'famous Is
about to be launched against .the Demo
cratic candidate for Mayor, Joseph ," S.
Tobin. For weeks past the Examiner has
been coquetting with everybody In the po
litical arena. One day it has - been red
hot for Tobin. The next day some other
person, has caught the fancy of this po
litical chameleon,' and he has been,sup
ported. \u25a0 .
I "Now an out and out fight is to be made
against Tobin. The Examiner is to ac
cuse him of being an enemy of labor,
basing the charge on an incident that oc
curred in the : Board of Supervisors in
February, 1900. At that time there was
under discussion an ordinance fixing: the
pay of laborers employed on city work
at $2 50 per day. The fixed the
minimum wage at $2, and a question was
raised aa to the legality of paying more..
A motion to refer the ordinance to the
City and County Attorney was .defeated,
Mr. Tobin voting with" the minority to
refer. A second motion to refer the mat
ter .to the Board of Public' Works was
defeated by similar action. On the final
passage of the ordinance every Super
visor voted in favor, of it, and It now is
the law of the city. It is upon the first
two votes that -the Examiner bases its
charge that Mri Tobln Is an enemy of la
bor, r ' . •- \u25a0;';\u25a0'
When asked : for an explanation, Mr.
Tobin said last night: -. \u25a0
16
A HEW ANNOUNCEMENT.
IF YOU ARE SICK
Let Me Know It.
5 I wish simply your name and address-
no money. Tell me which of these six
books" you want.
I will send with It an order on your drug-
gist to let you have 6 bottles Dr. Shoop"s
Restorative. He will let you take It for a
month; then. If it succeeds, he will charge
you $5 50 for it. If it fails, he will send
the bill to me. He will trust to your
honesty, leaving the decision to you.
Such an offer as this could not be made
on any other remedy. It would bankrupt
the physician who tried it.' But In five
years I have supplied my Restorative on.
these terms to 550,000 people. My records
show that 33 out of each 40 paid, for it. be-
cause they were cured.
This remedy alone strengthens those in-
side nerves that operate all vital organs.
It brings back the only power that can
make each organ do its duty. No matter
how difficult the case, it will permanently
cure unless some organic trouble like
cancer makes a cure impossible, ''\u25a0 .
I fcave spent my lifetime in preparing
this remedy. I offer now to- pay for all
you take if it fails. I cannot better show
my fatlh in it. Won't you" merely write
a postal to learn if I can help you?
Simply state Book No. 1 on Dyspepsia,
which honV vnn Book No. Z on the Heart.
\u25a02S an^add^s K^.V? O r th^ d e n n ey9 -
Dr. Snoop. Box 630. Book No- 5 for Men. (sealed)
Racine. Wis. . Book No. 6 on Rheumatism.
Mild cases ; not chronic, are often cured
by one or two bottles. At all durggists*.
1 A TREMENDOUS SALE OF PETTICOATS. I
| $9000 Worth Bought at Almost Half Price, |
We be^ln to-morTOW an extraordinary Sale of Petticoats, and we can truthfully say that no ofEerings of the past have been the equal =3
m of THIS ONE. » Soch occasions^^ are what have made our-Petticoat department fajnous, ajidtWs is a chance of this rarest sort, that no one
Z£Z . — . '• -^— who cares for economy can afford to let pass. Our New York buyer i ' ' — '" 22
St= MORE LACE BARGAINS/" made a TREMENDOUS PURCHASE at tha Receiver's Sale, repre- L AGE ROBES =31
SH TO-MORROW AT 24c YARD, senting the foremost Women's Petticoat Manufacturer of New York :" **"*?*- ' \u25a0'
•^" We are doing a great lace business City. In order to get them at his own price he had to take "every A grand assortment of Lace and -m
\u25a0fc now— made a big purchase of Black garment on hand, about $9OOO worth in all, embracing PETTI- Spangled Robes, the handsomest ef- j&rg
and Cream Lace Galloons that are COATS of the HIGHEST OBDEB, this season's leading styles in fects- ever^ imported. special sale -^
•^ worth 35c and 40c; on sale at-^J^ tatTETA SILK, MERCERIZED SATEEN and SILK MOREEN, g" s _ ek^ a «o* A n° V **"'""
£ •' •••• Yard^^-1 {k very latest colorings and Black. , This vast assortment has and each. v
S= been divided into KXBTE I*OTS, and as they will be sold for about one-half their real worth we advise you to be here | early to-morrow, for the --•
\u25a0 gp- choicest are naturally the first to go. : . ' r . , - ..^
fc \gH04 4*v For $2.00 Mercerized Sateen Petti- J - #H \u25a0 AA For $8.50 Taffeta Silk Petticoats, ft*/ PI f\ F °r $9.50 -Taffeta Silk. Petticoats, |--«
• TT %Le 111 coats, ln black and colors: also B* II f I made of dependable wearing taf- "^1 1 ln aU the leading colors and . ;— 5
Zr: ni IIJ black and white Btriped ma.t«rlaJ. T%**«TFl_f feta . fuU "width; finished with • B Jll|_«_JlJ black; made of a high grade taf- --
21 »iJJL»XV finished with deep, graduated ac- U#^» / V accordion plaited flounce, extra • \u25a0fr^'*"^.^. feta in- the very .atest fashion,
\u25a0 **• . '\u25a0'\u25a0': cordion plaited flounce; Cl M dust ruffle and ruche on bottom; . accordion plaited -flounce JA KQ \u25a0..;- -•
1 2^ worth $2.00. Sale price.... each *»«W , tn jji the leading colors and black; regular $8.« with ruche trimming. .Grand. value at.each.4^ J Y
m~- '* skirts. Immense bargain at your choice J4.90 . . . ......... . . '.\u25a0" r * r
5= j|t*<i f pi For 12.60 Mercerized Italian Cloth I I *\u25a0* f% r* if\ For $12.50 -high class Silk Petti- 1 US
3^ II ** Petticoats, in black and colors: *Hj% f\f\ For $4.60 Silk Moreen Petticoats, \V %|fi coats, made of black and white : r^
•- Jll^^rj made accordion plaited QU a big variety; tailor stitched, striped taffeta, in the leading IS
j^- MJA* At/ flounce; others with ruffle aiid W/.' *Jrt ruffles and accordion plaited klJfKJf+r V colors; also black; handsome and
Tl ~ , -. extra width. CI45 |JIU« /Wl flounce style. In the leading col- \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 .„ rn • rich looking garments; CO Cft H2
j^; regular price $2.50. Sale price each «P*»'«** - ( or8 and black; every C? Qfi worth 512.50. Sale price..... .... each •fO»D\J —m
~~ \u25a0' - skirt worth $4.50. Sale price ....each -P*- 70 \u25a0*\u25a0 . . . . t — \u25a0 . — \u25a0 — ; — — l -'ZZ
t m*~ #% f For $4.00 finest quality Mercer- ' \u25a0 1 ' .^ * „ ' 1 Z2
*} §A%2 lzed ItaJian Cloth Petticoats. :n fHm / m For $6.00 Silk Moreen Petticoats, ft*«4^ T*4\ E or $15 - 00 finest quality Taffeta
•— n£, fc*Pl black and colors; some black and S|L -C. £%. W made of the finest grade silk mo- / 1 1 1 1 Pe tHcoats, tn all colors and ~*J
5r~ liJImf^KJ white, the latest fad. made with |%ri fir* reer >. wIth dee P- graduated ac- . JllV/«fcjPLr S lack: also black , and white. tS
" a 13-inch graduated accordion hLf%J9\*hr cordion plaited flounce, and oth- Yawtw -^^^ finished with deep, graduated ""•
plaited flounce, with dainty ruche trimming, cut ers with deep double ruffles, ruche . : .accordion plaited flounce, with .iZS
extra full: a grand looking skirt, easily «6 LQ trtmmlng and velveteen facing^ in colors C7 AC double rows or -ruche trimming; high Cin Cfi "2
S~ worth $4.00. Sale price ...7. each 3^«*O and black. Great value each.:* J 'O J | class skirts, worth $15.00, for each
I GRAND OFFERING OF $1.00 BLACK DRESS GOODS. Cl lliSSioSBSIifliijft
W.R^dqctBatwmiwwnt. to-morrow a dollar -ale of B,ack Dress 0 1 1 I W 52-lnCh BKOAULLU I H ) ' <&l,£.V lUi Z2
— - Ooofia. Never berore have we been able to place before you auch values, and such a. rhla iB ano ther one of our phenomenal Monday offers of the finest Imported colored =^
~ rtch co»ecUon of weaves at this extraordinary low price. p / fabrlcs> lt you contemplate purchasing a fine tailor suit then purchase now-you will
- 50-tnch ENGLISH CHEVIOT "J YOUR. CHOICE f 44-Inch. MELROSE , never get a better opportunity. These cloths are of the highest order, satin finished.
\u25a0»— 504ncb ENGLISH BROADCLOTH I **>.* f\f*%\ 44-Inch SATIN PRUNELLA perfect In their weave already gponsed and shrunk and sell everywhere at Jl. 75 yard. rS
'iO-lNirH FNfil ISH VFNFTIAN I U m\a^\^\ A4-lnrh fiRAMTF Tour choice of this splendid range ot colorings: New blue, emerald green, lavender, pur- — *•
•^ * . !? .miior >«-NLII*K 3 TV nC || Virini P le - reds - tan - brown . reseda, green, gray, castor, old rose and biscuit. On spe- CTl -•'» rS
44-fnch ARMURE - J — \u25a0 J| : Yard 44-Inch AIGLON clal «al« to-morrow r. Yard tPl- —
i More Remarkable Silk Offers for Monday and Tuesday. 1
St: We are constantly planning to give you the biggest of silk values that we know no other retailer can equal. TVe speak thus strongly because only the strongest language can
g" do Justice to the wonderful growth of our silk department. Nothing but the best values known could have placed us in the foremost rank of _silk selling. Our offers for Monday and ;^
«£= Tuesday will crowd again this department to the utmost. We place on sale a very special purchase of new CREPE DE CHINE, PEAU DE SOIE and TAFFETA SILK at prices AB- =Sm
*\u25a0*" 8OL.UTEL.T UNKNOWN In other stores. . • ' ,. . . > v
E Guaranteed Taffeta. All-Silk Grepe de Ghine^. Black Peau de Soie.
?" 800 yards 25-lnch. Black * Taffeta, extra" hea^'y our first complete showing of Crepe de Chines, ft t- ' ' 600 yards 19-Inch Peau de Sole, warranted all silk -*m
£= and lustrous— every yard fully guaranteed for six that fashion recognize* as the most popular UkA f;"w, very durable, of a perfect black, splendid =3
T~ months. Sold elsewhere at $1 35 yard. «g 1 (\t= silk fabric for an evening gown. Nothing fljl, > Vfllue at $1.00. Here Monday and Tues- 7Q r _*.
*»- our special price tpIiUO dressier or more graceful than this soft and A# U U day.. :. Yard * vC -•
•*_ dye, a dependable wearing: Taffeta, good val- flQ r Cardinal, turquoise, white, cream and black ,1m- Kf|c «ea wen worth ?1.2o. Extra special Mon- QO r "\u25a0 -—
Jp: ueat£5cyard. On special Bale at WS* por ted to sell at ?1.00. Our price, special at..TardAJ"^ day ...........'..... ........Yard OOW
60c French Flannels Fytr^nrriinnru nf' *$$& A Sale of Table Cloths 3
g i Monday oS^SiSoi^ /m and Sheetings. 3
e i^inS^nSl^Qp separate ikirts. : • : «1
SS= where at any price, but Monday YARD f out garments and our extraordinarily low prices. Another ex- . {WW^Y \u25a0 fi^a i««?-var£tv rif n«Vt^ p Tf 11^
T~ you can bur here every desirable shade at CU isltS Collection of the newest models will be ready foryou 1/Sf \ .. in a 'arse variety of pretty Polka-dot and -w
3»c yard. These are the colorings: Cardl- to-morrow morning in SILKS. VELVETS. BROADCLOTHS, M - . V,.,. H?, ur _£^iv *»?.?f ? t \, alr ? r d ' r u he ? lmed -' We =2
»" naLOldRose. Royal Nile. Light Blue, Tur- VENETIANS, HOMESPUNS. CHEVIOTS, etc,, and ln which we V A «. 7»]\Jl5?^ T p lace theni.lf -they prove un- =^
g— auolse. Reseda, Tan and Green, the very promise you a great eavlng-come and see. "'\u25a0'\u25a0' A W • < B "" Bl * clor ? r :.-' -..-.i ,. •,,. : .4 ..: :;<»*
»- best 60c quality. To-morrow only.. 39c Td- = -\u25a0 r . • .'\u25a0 _l__ --.- -> -i;;- '..:•\u25a0.: a.f.!VHj« i/£ \\L TableTCTotlis, regular price '.' .^
I 2= _ . -. m. nOCTCC CVIDTC At this price we will show • \ • : Yl&fo*. '^ S "' * 2W>> ' at • ?:; ----'-'- •'•'•'•• \u25a0•'•'•• :.;.»1J5O Each" ZSt
~~ A rir^flff A^«»PfnnIV OT L/nCO9 OfVini I-O to-morrow some of the latest •; VCV- /K^^^.! Table Cloths, regular price -' 1
-SI UrallU /\3»CIIIUiy Ul . \u25a0 > .models In- choice Cheviots, Mss^tJm&eZffl&to.-, > at • ............. .!?»1.85 Each =2
i Beautiful .$5.oo; I $7..5O—-^^^B. ' mK^^n^^,^.^%
Si 2=:; ' Silk WaiStS- with silk and satin band trimming. perfecOy fitting and swell . *^^^pg*f. ;! .!- r \ . .'/i -.-—iVr; :.;; ; >V
jg; Olln. TfaiStSi looking Skirts that you cannot duplicate under J10.00. Here Mon- - . . . : . \u25a0: .- \u25a0 • .^ - . .-3
•— The values and the superior styles of our day ..:..... • *T.5O Each Shppfinn -^
g7~ Vfalsts are truly great. To-morrow's not- . _ . . .... . , ; : . L r-. :.'.'-. - «JiiV/villlU::OulC«;' -~
= g** -2S2S? •* J!Ki w SSSr ta 2&SiiS2 \u25a0 SILK DRESS SKIRTS.
fc SSK j2^-«SSffiF f^ire^s .^ \%^ n^ . ..^wn t^^^^ |7 A '^
& »vHK;efSH« \u25a09S2'5Oeach,.s^s&^ak^, -ntS^^HIrC'S
g— a^y . r ..?5^)O Each have er«r been able to offer; most of them worth from $30.00 to S3?. 50. Monday.$22^SO Each .For Monday only. 17c Yard YARD -^
| I Ladies' 50c^Cashmere f^* M tf/ilgYffl$$t&bL l5c Lining |
I Monday 3 pair! 'for S1.00. JiiMIIMmHw8wJr$&*^A "\u25a0 Monda * 9c Yard - 1
A special offer in Ladies' Fine All- >*tK nM/wrmW^ar^^ Jf A About I2OO yards ,6_i nc h . Taflfeta
»\u25a0 Wool Cashmere Hose, guaranteed fast n^"^ -''^^^^fcfc**^! ' • Y " ' ' - \u25a0 Skirt Linin S. the 15c quality, in all the
L 3 COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. I — — — — — - — -_____J /. 2
JUST FOUR DAYS YET REMAIN
EVERY PATIENT BEGINNING A COURSE OF TREATMENT WITH DRS. SHORES & SHORES. -SAX FRANCIS-
CO'S LEADING SPECIALISTS, DURING THE REMAINING DAYS OF OCTOBER WILL BE GIVEN ONE MONTHS
TREATMENT AND MEDICINE ABSOLUTELY FREE. Not one cent to pay for examination, consultation, treatment o-
medicines.^This offer is given by Drs. Shores to. overcome "SKEPTICISM" and to prove to the public of San Francisco" and
vicinity that there is a PERMANENT CURE for.CHRONIC DISEASES (that ar? curable). • " .
THIS OFFER IS NOT GIVEN AS A TEST OR TRIAL TREATMENT
Drs. Shores and Shores' wonderful treatment for- DEAFNESS. CATARRH and' all formg of NERVOUS and CHRONIC DISEASES Is
too well known all over the West to need any introduction. When Drs. Shores first epened Jheir offices, in San Francisco they gave every
patient a course 'of treatment absolutely free "AB A TEST" of their skill and methods, and hundreds tested the new treatment -free
Now Drs. Shores' & Shores give one month's treatment and medicines free to wove their skill In curing. "PERMANENTLY " / • *
.. Drs. Shores' prices and terms have always^been within <be easy reach of all— $5 per month for all catarrhal chronic diseases I m«ft
cines free. These low -rates are still maintained, only Drs.Shores NOW GIVE ONE. MONTH'S TREATMENT AND MEDICINES FREE
TO ALL BEGINNING A COURSE OF TREATMENT AT ONCE." • :„ • - • '< : \u25a0 \u25a0 *«^M-1I>*1SS> JTKEE
If you live away from the city and cannot call at Drs. Shores' office write for FREE SYMPTOM BI^ANKS, and take advantage of
\u25a0 -this ceneroua offer.: •'..-' . . *
-:\u25a0 . START JIN AT ONCE. Do not wait until the last day of the month to apply and be LOST IN THE RUSH, but begin your treat-
ment AT ONCE. "
CONSULTATION AND EXAMINATION FREE for any disease. Come and bring your friends. ,
i ' . \u25a0'. ''. \u25a0 \u25a0 '. I thanks to Drsl ' Shores' skill. I feel strong and - ll|1NL , , ', .
' / j(i£^^±M!&ai&^\ : " J am an old resWen t ° f s an Francisco, and I /S^lf^'S^Pp^^fe*. -
.ifvS^^S^KSSsssSnB'SK** should be pleased to have any one who doubts ff//iWSzzS&r
' : vwS&»^®si«sas^^» tnts testimonial call on m», and I will Rladly l: i igi?i \
fll'mfifif VV \ verify the truthfulness of- the same, for I FEEL, £i^*' \
\u25a0'\u25a0- miffim . .'— uumj' : --^ that drs. shores have saved my BOT5^
HU%lil * T i LIFE. (Slrned) "J. E. WELLS. " tfflMJfr
r iliSglM ... «\ ' •'. "3342 Twentieth st.. San Francisco. Cal." flaw//
: \^^***^Ej|w/ ' • |f || *jBB U | • MR - SCHAFFER SATS: I am a barber by
-V". \u25a0'-\u25a0< ". 0^ I 13 ?PB 3 I ' occupation, and work at 33ti Sixth street. I
J.' E. WELLS. 3942 20th st.. San Francisco, Cal. II H I Mi Iff 1 have b€en a « re «t sufferer from CHRONIC
« tr* »r» o m/i » ix -\/ ts \ DC ' a=jl 'l I *m1i.TiJ n CATARRH for over eifrht years. .It atT*>ft?'l
':\u25a0 Ab I rlI»lA 14 \u25ba Y C AKOi . ' . «T| If »ny head, making me suffer from HEADACHE.
. MR. WELLS says: "I have been a great suf. ' U^K^fe^ u'OULD 'hAWK*' AND° SPl? P a zreat^eV
ferer from CHRONIC ASTHMA ANE > CA- &r^ES §1} 1*^"* KmoS. EtoS^o
TARRH. for' the • past .FOURTEEN YEARS. . Til' \u25a0 - became . affected from the DROPPING in my
My asthma during all. that time wa« so bad I I I IS • . H '" throat gnd'I would VOMIT, -r — . \u25a0
was UNABLE TO WORK, aa I was CHOKED '• - ll\ " : fll Xt »l»o \u25a0. affected . my HEARING, especially
tttj. .nrt nifrht ',"'At nlsht I ' would- coueh ill . If \u25a0 w «en I wculd take cold. I became' BILIOUS
— ' to ' Sirr^ mtthn it 2S '-'^ L ' \| /i ' from so much CATARRHAL POISON in the
up a great deal of ROTTEN MUCUS, it woum , : ;, i: _, U , U system and I felt run down in every way
get no bad" I would have. to. SIT UP, IN BED . • Q This was my condition when I came to*Dra
TO BREATHE. " This interfered greatly with Cr»¥=<-I * ¥ "»»•\u25a0 t-t^ Shores. JUST ONE MONTH AOO.- I can say
my rest and reduced'me in strength, until I '. Drs. Shores' treatment and medicine^ HELrED
only weighed U7; POUNDS. . No one knows CATARRH-Deafness; Nose and Throat HEADACHE My no! J whfc^wa^AT way!
how I HAVE SUFFERED DURING THE Troubles. Eye and Ear Diseases/ Bronchial and SORE AND STOPPED UP IS n^wTtfap
PAST FOURTEEN YEARS WITH ASTHMA. Lung Troubles. Asthma Stomach. LlveV and AND THE : SORENESS IS ALL rovp MY
Some nights I felt that I WOULD CHOKE TO Kidney < Diseases.' Bladder Troubles Female .tomch M ™i
DEATH. . I have : doctored • with FOURTEEN Complaints. . Disea B ejr of Women and Children away- oe " er ana tne w»ousnea» has passed
different physicians r for asthma -and ; lung Heart Disease. Nervous Diseases. „ Chorea (of I FEEL BETTER IX EVEPwY WAY AVD I
trouble. I have taken HUNDREDS of bottles St. . VltusV Dance). Spinal Trouble." TAKE PLEASURE "IN RECOMMEXDIVO
of patent medicines.- but none of them did me Ovarian Diseases. Sciatica and Rheumatism DRS 'SHORES' TRE VTMEVT 'to ii t . rl
any permanent good, and I became UTTERLY Diseases of the Bowels; Piles. Fistula andllS TARRH SUFFEREUS FOR THm treat'
DISCOURAGED.:- :.,.-',.. tal Troubles Lojt Manhood.' Private Diseases MENT HAS CERTAI^T DONE WONDERS
"This: was my. condition when; I applied to Goitre for Big Neck). Blood Diseases Tape- FOR ME « LI co.NE-WONDhKS
Drs., Shores." . I can say Drs. Shores' treatment worm.' Hay Fever, Hysteria. 'Epilepsy ' Insom- (Signed) JOSFPH
and .medicines have WORKED WONDERS IN nia, etc. \u25a0 • , ;-/ , > J \u25a0 V *' . \u25a0 ' wsl* Mission" ,t in *££*!£ rkl
MY.-CASE.vI. have gained : TWENTY-FOUR \u25a0— ~ —— r = — i — : rSZ?-^-" 3 '- 0 " "...San Franclaco. Cal.
POUNDS IN WEIGHT. MY ASTHMA DOES r\ F% C* EJ ffc ff~ O Ct «T» I! S rfc X~ f>
NOT BOTHER ME ANY MORE, and 1 SLEEP I I %€ IKI" H Ai VHS iB^r C«.^v^* l*^-i-
.SS&^^SS^&^R^'.aS- f M^ # :^""IbPv .«.onUKL^ 5 Specialists.
C^TtS3T B tIy HISTORY BlILDINIG, -723 MARKET ST; Jd tig. «.-
In • my , condition. I ; am . like ; a . NEW ; MAN,^ Office Hours--Week Days. .9 a. m . . to 4 p. m." \ Evenings. C ; to 1." Sundays. 10 "a.WASHINGTON, Oct. .. 26. — Admiral
George Dewey has resigned \u25a0the office of
president of the Metropolitan Club.- the
most exclusive social organization of the
national capital. His resignation. is said
to have been for purely personal reasons
and w&s tendered a week ago. >
Admiral Dewey Resigns.
Southern Pacific special train leaves San
Francisco December IS. Los Angeles De
cember 19, . reaching Mexico . in time tor
the holiday celebrations. Round trip, San
Francisco $80, Los Angeles $70. I'ersonally
conducted. Dining-car, Pullmar. sleepers.
Limit sixty days. Low side- trip rates.
Optional itineraries. Make reservations
613 Market street, San Francisco; 261 South
Spring street, Los Angeles.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
SAN JOSE. Oct 26.— The gardeners of
the State Normal School, assisted by
members of the faculty, students, small
boys and stray dogs, enjoyed a gopher
hunt to-day. More than 200 of the ro
dents were killed in a territory covering
less than two acres. Gophers have been
a nuisance on the grounds and the gar
deners have started a crusade against
them. In an alfalfa patch of about a
half acre 112 were killed this forenoon,
and In the afternoon's work about the
same number were found. The ground
was flooded with water and -when tne
animals came to the surface In a half
drowned condition they were either
killed with a club or caught by dogs.
More Than Two Hundred Rodents Are
Slain on San Jose Normal
• School Grounds.
FACDXTY" ANT> STUDENTS
ENJOY A GOPHER HUNT
It ie unnecessary to pay an exorbitant
price for a sealskin jacket. Berwln &
Gassaer, the Kearny-street furriers, are
offering a genuine London dyed sealskin
jacket, made in the latest style, to order
or ready made, for $125, and to show their
absolute confidence in the quality and
\u25a0near of the garment, the firm guarantees
to keep it In repair lor two years free of
charge. They are also showing: an elec
tric seal jacket for $30. Both these gar
ments are extra good value and cannot
be duplicated elsewhere at the price. See
them at 110 Kearny street. •
That $125 Sealskin Jacket.
DAVISVILLE, Oct. 26.— Hon. W. A.
Vann, assisted by W. F. Ford, will ad
dress the grain growers of the State on
the questions of transportation an 1
organization on the following dates: Wil
liams. October 28; Willows, October 23;
Bed Bluff. October 30; Gridley. October
SI" Marysville, November 1; "Woodland,
November 2; Lincoln, November 4; Elk
Grove November 5; Dixon. November- C;
Erentwood, November 7;. Stockton,
November 8: Modesto. November 9: Me # -
e?d. November 11; Madera, November 12;
Fresno, November 13; Visa.ia, Novem-
These meetings will be held at 7:30 p. m.
Edwin Swinford and Hon. G. W. Pierce
vrill address meetings wherever possible
to attend. Each locality. Board of Trade
or Chamber of Commerce is expected to
raake arrangements for these meetings.
Kumerous Meetings at Which the
Question cf Transportation Will
Be Discussed.
SERIES OF ADDRESSES
TO GRAIN-GROWEKS
J. Francisco Charbez of New Mexico
spoke interestingly of Arizona's and New
Mexico's early history, their territorial
governments and their efforts In the
direction of statehood. A number of
others spoke briefly.
The convention was entirely harmoni
ous. Letters of congratulation were read
from Congressman Cushing and Dele
gate Rhody. The convention closed with
th«s readoption of the old statehood con
stitution prepared in 189L
The following committee was chosen to
go to Washington and lay the claims of
th'j Territory before Congress: W. C.
Greene. L#. W. Mix, E. B. Gage, Thomas
Brockroan, John Lawler and W. J.
Murphy.
A finance committee composed of one
member from each of the thirteen coun
ti€€ was, named.
A reception was tendered "to-night to
Governor Otero and .the other New
Mexico delegates. It was largely attended.
Governor Murphy of Arizona ' spoke
eloquently of Arizona's claims to state
hood, her achievements and her resources.
Delegate Mark Smith made a short but
Impressive speech, declaring that the
Issue of statehood had been kept in the
background by the men in Congress, lest
political jealousies be excited. He was
hopeful of a vote, however, at the coming
s-t-t sion and an early admission to th-*
Union.
Governor Otero of New Mexico made a
brief but stirring speech, referring to
Arizona as a rib taken from New Mexico,
her best helpmate. He spoke or the un
fair reports of casual visitors, who sea
only the wild West features of the coun
try, and reviewed New Mexico's constant
effort in the interest of Arizona and the
military reforms of both Territories.
: Committee Is Chosen. /
The resolutions were strong in tone, anJ
their reading aroused the convention to
a. high pitch of enthusiasm. When the
closing sentence was read, declaring that
"Arizona relies upon the sense of justice
of both branches of Congress," the dele
gates arose to their feet, the Indian band
played Sousa's "Stars and Stripes For
ever" and the convention became a pan
demonium of enthusiasm.
* Farther Delay an Injustice.
Ths resolution further declares that
thesis conditions are more than iuirilled in
Arizona and that further delay 'in ad
mitting the Territory to full membership
in the sisterhood of States would be an
injustice to th» people; that Arizona has
been a Territory • tor thirty-eight years
and now has greater wealth and popula
tion than had a majority of the States
at the time of their admission to the
Union; that no area of equal extent weot
of the Mississippi River possesses greater
or more varied resources, and that Ari
zona, by reason of her desire and ability
for self-government and also by reason ot
her loyalty, as exhibited in the recent
war with Spain, is justly entitled to state
hood.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct 26.-Arizona's
campaign for statehood was launched to
day in the most enthusiastic convention
ever held in the Territory. Everyvcounty.
municipality and commercial organiza
tion sent delegates,, and the body of ac
credited delegates that met in the local
opers.-house taxed the capacity of that
building.
The: convention was called to order at
10 o'clock by A. J. Doran of Prescott,
\u25a0who was made temporary chairman. E.
J. Trippel of Tucson and R. L.. Patterson
of Holbrook were elected secretaries of
the temporary organization. The usual
committees on credentials, resolutions and
permanent organization were then ap
pointed and the meeting took a recess
until 2 o'clock.
When the convention came to order for
the afternoon session -the temporary
organization was made permanent. Reso
lutions were presented and adopted, wita
great enthusiasm and without a dissenting
vote, declaring "that Arizona is justly
entitled to be rreed from the present ter
ritorial form of government, as it has
been the unvarying custom of the Fed
eral movement to admit Territories to
statehood when their population, weahli
and the intelligence of the people are suf
ficient to warrant s,uch action."
Choose Committee to Present
Appeal to President and
Congress.
Arizona and New Mexico
Join Hands In
Phcsnix.
ROUSING RALLY
FOR STATEHOOD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1901.
17
\ hlg%2»lr I S!^ c^ s^^ mhhv »m^^-^^-^«M \u25a0«-« • x^^^^ 8^^^ Handkerchief Sale. %
|f lot of New AU-wool Coth and Double- 9 " Ht+^ZlZlV " H \^S^ STOM FR ISS/tt&^^&r chl!h, rlly \f/,
f faced Golf Capes, in a great variety of stylcsj. Y K ~~£m^ WWIUCH ICUN? IMl^Aai • "^ JO^P^^ ihe«,' nice ><^^^>-J^ 5
£ kngths from 2+ to 3 z inches; plain tailor "^§§§§^1®^^ CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE corded ef- j@?' 'I
\ stitched and strTp trimmed, either witji cloth - ~^- • . _ ' ? \: ' ' / \u25a0 «^T^^» fecU,. excep- J^^^ 3^ ,1*1
k ° or taffeta bands; regularly $$. 50 to Jio.oo; gqPJPIIfc .'\u25a0• ' ' - # ". i% JffB^ MM " AAfc tionl1 Talue '\u25a0''J'x 3?
Im^^m Prepare for a Rainy Day. =? ts^i^ j
I Z^l"^S£^:'^tJ"H^ Special Sales of Mackintoshes and Raglans for Men, Women^and Children. ""JT^'^ZS**^ I
S the best materials: all newest shades of blue, " «** * •• o c*1 \u2666 -\u2666!— - TT 1 ' 11 - '1"T^ 1 tl »Y '* " •^ s^ « . daintily trimmed in medium width Va!ea- •*
I green, red and rose, also bacc; good value WatCrpFOOI SKirtingS, UmbrCllaS "dllft RUDDtrS UndCFpriCCd. dcnnclaccVaocvalnc on^cdal *
» for«6.5o: to-mor- . , • \u25a0. , . •- l , ' -• . « - t_ j -- .-• ; \u25a0 "e '\u25a0 . \u25a0' , : , ... *. • . . ..1-, • ule Monday only, each -... i*m%2 .m
E /^^a row and Tu^ay Nowhere else can you make suclvadequat e provision for rainy; days at such little prices as in the Rainy- we offer at the handkerchief counter £
g $4.35 Day Shopping Place."^ The i^^M^^^^j^^^^^^SS^^^^^^^^^^^^ tJtrZt^^nlZ^^ fil I
\ \*f New $30 Tailor because everything needed for the home or for. personal use can be bought under this one roof without having tiaied Handkerchiefs for iadfc» } these pretty 5
"f j$k^ ? rc "^ 22 .- 50 - to trudge through the rain from store to store as formerlv/:.. : x • . handkerchieft w« made in Ireland, they ; •»
tt 'fS»\ Tu:t like picture; °- .. • *J . . . . , .. - '_'\u25a0 . - ... \u25a0;.\u25a0\u25a0--\u25a0... , ,,_\u25a0 . . - . . . ,, • " are pot up in half-dozen bundles, mm** \u25a0 1»
» /KvH \ trimmed with Most of these rainy-day items are extra special bargains, even for the big store. : .Of any of them we say andcarpricewm be 6 <«.-... 72o 3Z
S /Afrlv aWw-urLrt'or ot satisfied, when you arrive home, return your purchase at once and get your money. $12,00 Dinner Set
* lAIUf . .Ewn front, oth- } - >/^HRMB^bl : ' StormCoats. Umbrella Bargains. S3. 73. 1
I ij teriais best all- //////// JSIil l )^Sm en S Mackmloshc5 » $7.45— Style exactly as m We've surely, got the Umbrella that you want ? £S?>^ .£C2^ ' 5
* f \ c Wf s O1 hS 'che""" " ///yy/O^^^UI^^^K // P t? Ur V Z™™ tC i Ut il watc f r P ro^ ( an " m the immense stock of new styles now on display 's
%' 1 \ «f, u ' / / *// / /M^Wj^^^^^^^^^W other free il Ihey leak). The surface of these J • <\u25a0 , - c-^S^SLggL -'5
I \ \ m d 0xford ' h f k t /jtm2i//Wmm^S^^^L'/ coats is strictl y a11 ™t woven bads, colors and sale ' and X ou wJ bc morc than satlsficd l0 ¥^J) 5
K U\ ]\ To^\^ \u25a0 iA^ yJS^^m^^mC blue, black, tan and oxford gray, an extra F7 the prices at which they are marked when J
h /'r^^&s^^V • made; valuc V/^^//Y^W^^^^//^//Mwm\^^// S ood $io-°o value, ofFered d*-9 Jg BS you have examined the qualities of the materials '*&
i /l^\\ 1"'°'"'' ' P m"' ISm^MmiBB 7 b y' hebi S st ° re «••\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0**•**\u25a0 »s^. thcbcaudful andnovclhanto, tie l J
t L/ 3 Sir ; iW)^PE p^^^SiS^^^^Ri ' *tt*»z'?""r-\£ I
g $22.50 H '/'AO/.'(A\ 'A/jtw //\u25a0&£%? / 5n P ' CtUre; n3Vy b ' UC aI1 - wooLcloth ", covcrin g' All of our Umbrellas are fitted with steel- rod, ' col^, Se«"£S. .3
£» . ., - "' // » / s/Q '/// \/\/*%j // //Bir2$r / w '^ p'aid lining, regularly $8.50; enough for heavy paragon ribs and the New Era runners. don, a tet that you would readily p«y|ia.oo *
' Extra Special. (fi* '' r/s< ' lP^^V//f^^^// z ° s> Monday ancf Tuesday $Gm^t5 W Umbrellas \ costing $2.50 and upwards and Tuesday only . . . . S3. 75 «
$ $100 to $430 Petticoats 69c -Assorted \./^S^° /^ I [A «' '''///l\o\ w(\ w <»™n's^57-50 Mackintosh, U-9S-An- W oo\ C.oth en g raved f ree °/ char i e ' . PvrOffraphy OuifltS. 5
tt lot Co'ored Petticoat-; they are somewhat \u25a0 /' '/ I I - / / // I / uj Mackintcshis,' with ful'. large cape; p!aid linings: have . .. , _ v , ._ . . .„ '.' -r'j ... » u • »v 1» e j \i- • 'i
K mussed, a few of thtm are sightly faded, but . / / /// / ?/ // * / n regu'arly i 7 . S o-the big^store's &JS Q gg l ** lt \ 9> roIa (<^rola « a new tw,Ued doth pracacaUy Pyrography a the art <rf
% ., r , • „ .- , „ , : J r \u25a0 £—\u25a0* \ri / I '\ \ / / , f \t A Ar\E/ • 1 • . SL£S*-SwJT^ impervious to rain) Umbrella with case to match: stout leather or cardboard by means of heat. A 'W
g .Jare fin C skute, of best quaVtics of ma- / /^^A ' // / f \u25a0 Iff e /lff \u25a0 8 P^ F"« • attractive tandks... ,*- -- peasant and profitable pa.timc, casfly learned. • - «
ilT^ST^T^'fZT''*- / //%2f/AA' 7*S\ Uf / X\4/ Children's Raglan Rainco 2 t S ,$3.95--Stvl e as in H'utra. each...... $1 .25 Pyrography is all the rage now. Burnt wood '*
k fn tA -n- tn mnrrnw «nlv 6 9 C / / / / / I I /^mT \ /T~\ o /ol W/ tlo71 > wlth s! « v< : 3 Jus' like the lad es s z-s, navy or tan < . . \u25a0 and leather articles of all kinds are being used "C
k > ro J4.. 3 o, to-morrow oniy ww / / / / f%J \ \u25a0' - \ / \|J/ '. \ W / C '° th out£idc ' P la!d lnin S s . vcIvet &'& d #« Me "' S CaroIa Umbrellas— The iS-Inch sire; well and f or decorative and useful purposes, from itarap" °ij
•J _ — ; — ~~ ' / '^^- l * '- / L V / / / e « i\/ £ olar, a very special va'ue at ' vp^va %9 +9; strongly made tff Off boxes to chain and pianos. The Big Store has
£ Winter Underwear , %/ /X/'/A-W// I V\ ' l?»fnni*AAf Qfr/K^»Me «ch. everything necessary for leather or wood bum- :-JJ
* / \ ij \u25a0 )^\A / / t \ KcainprOOW &B{arV8n£SS. • c ... ,.,.,..„ „ . . -'. . . ing, all marked at our non-competitive depart- "5
it BUM Ji~M**-~~m.4~. Mmm m—.:~*~.*M •+/. / " / // /m X" 1 **/ I W_ n->, • , \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0•« •* 5IIK Gloria Umbrellas — B 3th men s and women s size3j _" f „.._, „:.., / 5
\ Moderately Priced. </ {/, /M>-w^ f^0^i^m^^BMS^ ™{^™ *r ¥ 'l in^ ;z *^^
t? Ladies' Wool Mixed / S^«W— — nH 7 V ' \7 Jj7 ' = * =r ? - Water P r . oof G:>If Skirtings, prxed as only the >- umbrella and v«y cheap at the big store s $ a a« best quaUty ot imported platinum burner, al- •'\u25a0'S
h jBJH~L Vests and Pznts— »^- W l ij\ ~ -uilL / '^Lf .^ . bi^ store prices dress fabrics. Priestley's famous ; F nce .-........; .» — &mn.%M%M " cohol lamp, gasoline bottle, tube, bnlb, etc., • i5
|. W^^^^\ J eis "y ribfced ' v:sts y&^B^^^^^^^^^^^^ \u25a0 W% Cravanettrd Skirtings are largely represented in All-Silk Uirb:«I!as— Taffeta and Twil'ed Silk, both the put up in neat box _ jt
£ / C &^ h?gh neck and Kng qSm^A^V^ ~&^ % %^~~1 this stock. All of them are handsomelv finished 26 and 28 inch sizes; handles of sterling silver, pearl, ...................... , 9**mO%9 'J
5 T\ yoke bar d>; natural .^ < ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ? — \u25a0 — \u25a0• ' and qualities — .- $f5»0U QQChm Wooden NoYelties— For burning; a new tnd-.'^-^S
** '/"mS^m^. CO ° r ' pcr BSn/% " - - ~ ' ' \u25a0•" '-' / aniqaeline— .
£ frj&£*^it*?Mk garment. . Z»U G R?Z9 7M2w'lF>ginf SBrjB*^fJS?g«Sm \u25a0' #?^»J/*»v'<8 l?uAApf*G - Picture Frames.. S5c Match Safes 23e °5
tf WmMnwtwk Lad ' eS> Extr i. Hcav y r&taSnprUUJ <&n*r-*tMJiJ&. • . B*aiMGJf & niSnnBrSa . , . . Sliding Book Racks 8-inch Plaque«...aSo «
* ///////I'M llMWi Two.^hii'dr^ool 58-inch Camel's Hair Skirting— Pri:st!ey's make, extra heavy we'ght, colors -^j- -._ We have just opened our winter cons : gnmcnt /J0S. tf\ r'rip\"e""Fom^° abiSn|'piaque1;!45c 5
K Wmm^ fntk^tJlZ m <«™W> o^> b "™™ id » k^™™^y^------ -• *'•*» ofthe famous Bai ey Ribbed Back Rubbers and have 1%J\ \u25a0 : iSS^-^f 8 |
Jfr > * NV «* ' ors toitsceves- pants Cheviot Skirting — Fin: quality and the correct weight for the ankle- e£g\ mar ked them at con-iderably lower prices than last ml '"*>-^^^^ } »s.2o Fire Screen. ...9XJiO j*
% ankle length; French yoke bands; 'colors l™gth skirt M 10 new stylish mixture^ p-r y.r'. ......;........... ... &I.&U yeart The fibbed back protects the clothing, pre- H_ X^; S~ QrQSS LminSiS. A
natural and white; per gar. a— f\f% 56-inch Cheviot Skirting — Pri-stley's make; a superb watcrp-oot cloth, th; right weight for vents thlbootfrom slipping on the heel, prevents g^^ Colored Wool More-ns yard SOn J*
jf ment.... ; . ....:. 9I.UU walking skirts, bro«n, tan, oive, gray, cas or and dark blue mxtures; the hesl from broking and secures the - shape of .// < ** JJd *^ Crystal Silk Coth, a splendid 36-inch cotton \u25a0'".]{
K Ladies' Equestrian Tights -*-Two-thirc's wool, yar • •••• }•) .••; ....•••••• .'*'..\u25a0 . the rubber until worn out. They are made of the best quality- of rubber and lining, bUck and colon, yard fg o 'jj
J Jersey ribbed, knee or anke length, open or 58-inch Melton Skirting— Priestley's make; heavy weicht; a high class and very dressy w jjj outwear ordinary makes The big S'ore's new prices* ' Silk Serge Lining, ij inches, black and fji
Jf closed, b'ack on'.y, each V»« Vtt«tt c " oth tor iilJTt s:tirts » warranted wa'crprjcfj 5 handsjme m'xtures; pir -.^^ Cm rm T *i- t 1, ' • - —*+ • »* , « \u25a0 !•— colors, yard ...SOo '2
H %p3,(JU yard...;... ' :.".. .:....... &*£*UU Ladies', all Sizes. 5UO Men's, all sizes . . .75C Back Italian doth, yard 2 Oo >~--.i'j5
I v^\^ Women's Kid SSSoves Ho^ r^o n p f a oSal A S^hiJ^wSS^ ee^^^^PP^« a rjJf» s^^/Cos# |
i \ rC^S Sp&Ci&S, 77C ' . LadL-sV Imported HermsJorf B'acK Lee Ef- Io ,ooo yards of teK quality aU-silk, satk and . J 1^ X
VJA \h ™. L .1. l- ,. «- j V f-ct L;se-thr?ad \u25a0 Hose— Two of. the . very taffeta Ribb'ms, in rich, exquisite co'oiings, our Bedding Supplies. Only reliable makes find shelf room here, and we mark- -*
$ ' //I'WvN' VamC g^ tOrC "'" at an > r . w f^ re latest de S -gn.,high-s P licei heel, double sole, ( or neck bews— pink, blue, cream, etc.-a them at department store prices. These items, for to-morrow's special lellinW * *2
*• / iV \W\ " DCar th " pnCe/ l tl d0Z * n °! a g«>d-$ I. quality, miHe one cf the bcrand most. temUe stockings 4OC qu aity that will give entire satufacton; ar ; e actua U y quotc d at less than present mill COSt. • *
It ' v\\V*\ in the very latest Style, fine enough to be worn with on the marker, - on sale . for ** "S mm price tor th:s week's silling, yard.. ;:^_ -^ ' . J \ . . : , r '. . \u25a0 3t
V :\u25a0 / \\ % v \ v \ •• T-u-- l , Mon Jav only, pilr «5 M %0 ' - -• 28C * 5^. single b:d Bleached Undressed Sheeting, 54 inches wide, yard 1t z Ao &
X '^ft]\\\\\ 5r ° Ur StT costume> They have two fasteners J , r , — «^o 1 6c a^ bed Unb'eachsd Undressed -Sheeting, 71 inches- wide, yard..... 13HO kfm
. /il\\\\\ and a fine embroidered back, extra good overseam mV^ - •_r_.*_ »» m* ' mtt&T ' \u25a0 m 2OC doaWc B!esched Undressed Sheeting, 8 1 inches wide, yard 17O i S
i l.n V^Ue sewing; the co'ors are assorted shades of browns, gjgUrjpriSing frig g*H S* U i*B *m9fB®B*BB1i§&w i^cBlrached Pillow C«,s, 36x45 inches, Monday, each JOo S
Ji ' ' 1 N J\\s s \ 1 ij j 1 1 , , ' . ; • , . — . .- 5 . m *' - 1 z}4 c Unbleached Pillow Cases, 36x45 inches, Monday, each '...... . ,0O V.v|
S -Jl£ ' guaranteed against anv imperfection in leaihir; r • \u25a0\u25a0 , -*<****(?*? J****^ T"?r s Keaucetgml - sliomliKMtTSuc^Bed^plzdii^ 'ii.Ea 3
$ . 'I'' all sizes. Mondayonl/, one day sale, *^-»^/ Solid Oak Brdroom Set— Three pieces; bed, bureau . * J 9M.OV . J
j^ pcr pa j r " £f mY Sav an(^ vvashstand; dresser, has bevel pate nr.rror fi£$*^ias&g£fe ....... ."«
| Gi*BS$ti G$&&81 m Up &&I& iW@ff$i£&Jf ™<*~ $UU ' ' $2HmS0 An unusual .? h ? nceto sccure Lace Curtains much below real value is prc- 3
I of Ptain and Fanoy Silks. K^?^"^!FHBf i WmM^^^MmM i
F0lir UneS Of fancy SllrCS and Sa inS aggregating in i8x?6- inches- regularlv d*4§jm+jgmTm\' ; " W^^^^^y ' I5 ° pa " fine imrtation Arabian, Cable Nets and Brussels effects UceOirtains, in widths fixsm-.^jS
J all less than 2000 yards to be .dosed out Monday to . $J o.oo. Sp^-.l ,hu week &W.4U : JOK | : \ \t^^J^^^t^^^^W^^92^8 > 3
K ITiake rOOm for inCOming nOVell leS. Among them are Handsome PrdcStalS— For parlor or reception h^ll; \vl^^| Sf ioo F a»« Nottinghm Lkz Curtains, 6a inches by 3 yards; ewy one in new f __ j[
K S3me Very Choice designs and CO'OringS, Which Will be go'den oak or manogany finished, hand poli.-hed. 'i^t^Hlr net design; our. regu'arf 1.50 patterns. On special sale Monday, per .-pair Sl.UU 5j|
if fl ,,i/.Hir cninnori nn hv parlw mnrninff'chnnnprc Special this week. O**2k *%*% " : 'M \\ 9' \u25a0 ' 3°° P a; » Lace Curtains, 3 yards long, good wdth; just the thing for bedrooms and win- > » < - \
J quickly snappea up dv eanv morning snoppers. r .. 3&%slm3*J WM^> ~ im'* dowi whcrc a ch " p cur:ain wil1 do - s?e^v;Monday on iy, P « P a; r **7c %
K About 350 yards of fancy Silks for ihlrt wants, ngularly sold v \u25a0 • • "• •• •• '• • : ' ••* ' '" • • ,1 fi iod pairs figured Muslin Curtain?, 4-inch ruffle, splendid quality, worth any time and «J
J; ,, 7S c,f..«,.ndfi.,op : r yJ ri....... . BcdrOOin DockCK-Four dlfFerent Sty eMn go. den g^^sM • anywhcrJff.oo per pair. Sp,dal Monday only, per pair....: G9O '2
* About 400 yards of Libtrty Sit n (all pure silk ), in shalrs ot O3i \ Wlt h caiie stats. Broken lots that, wer: ><J4^&^^^B3^\. — " \u25a0 '\u25a0 '-^- %
I j'">\t'V. .^.f-so^J^/^jRfl^l^^ & Pretty Doll For Infants' ant! »
I A r.r^'^f^^»S^^ /1.'><C' T a pesL^B,ussoisO^ B t-u:^^^^mr W/fAT> OHSsea «Sa C Children's Wear. :?
J at 85c yard / H Jf variety of pitterns and atest colorings, good A Pritty Jointed Doll, with bisque . head and A ffe . , .^ ew whl^ Dr«»« for $
k° About 750 yards of evening brocades in shades of Nile gr.-en durable weave, s wed, laid and lined. i *a_ 41^^^^^=^ : -mohair wig, in a fancy, straw basket and $&$ " f o VXX^ r * "5
K lavender, cream, yellow, led, etc.; sold regularly at 75c yard B- \u25a0 ©&® SfcC^ 1^^^ curhtted w th one lawn dress and underwear. S=- •> _ A tor tae larger girls. _ x
X All Of th^ flhnve 'Silks Cn SneCial for th.svvek only,,p.r yard. ..... V*^*r {^^^^KA laby white W, with cape, nursing bottle, - \u25a0fer^CraWc.Dr.is-A tnefced -jj
J All 01 tne aDOVe SlIKS Cn Special Smyrna RugS— Size I yard by 2 njg Si^^^}A .att'e, -etc.; regularly .$1.00, on J-— C^SS^ yoke, embroidery insertion, .t
!C sale Monday only, per yard. ..... \ yards. Special this. week..... *P*e #*#^ WL f — special sa e Mon ay cn'y OoC TjKBKY emhT0 } dac y ™ ffle ? *"" for - '-S
If J ' - • \u25a0 - \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 • "' \u25a0 \u25a0" \u25a0 • - \u25a0 ' -- \u25a0 \u25a0- \u25a0 -" -\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0.- _^ / «v/iTl«V\ ages 6 months to —*•'_-""'? »>i
*" "~ — " \u25a0 ' : : ~~" ~ \\ \u25a0 . ~. ~~ m Bfgm. a y| in \y 4 years. 5OC °«
j: Nasal AtoenizBrs. tr&W&sM LlfffilOPS flia ;: o®M^I?fflffl« fP§*§flSt2§§a /jf 'I \\ Nainsook "fa««"- Tucked :j
J Tois nose and *»£f «JPO^C?M &<&*& tflfilBi «b«l|6WWf «» «« » , &l9C^»af ff B «^«Ur01fc «^ iSf »V|U«9ff lSs-^Vj' y° ke > kck and front; hem-
2a throat Atomiztr \u25a0' \u25a0 ~^^-^~-*^>^-^-^*-^^^-^^^^^^^^^^~^-^^^ - stitched collar and cufiiX
J . with hard rub- To-morrow, Monday, Oct. 28th, 3000 free samples f ol Saronfs quick-dissolving economic M U ' t?t!p *J%E £*\ S
j ... y ==:^ v ber continuous Sugar'wiU be distributed in our Grocery Department. The: maimtac^^ urers claim thai "vvhenV I * q^M>^ i^» Cf Sin "5
i fi 1 r;j; I TcnnbnannelSackVoV'inVants^h^. 5
.5" /M!m\sQ wcrth at' least e( l uaI t0 ncarl y twice the amount of regular granulated sugir; when used in cakes and pas'ry a muc.n lighter artic.e will be produced, ) El broidery on edge and cuffs o _ •*
•f iMIili^^^H Toe sp-cial for when applied to berries and sliced, fruits it will spread and disso've evenly. 'Economic Sugar costs^ but ioc more per sack of loo lbs ) \u25a0- '-'Ami Sfek.* 35C j|
i >iSrSJ)' Monday only, than ordinary granulated, sugar and will sivc you one- third in amount used. " - . * ". : ; . ".' ": ' - 1 \u25a0 ) 'S!®( Eiderdown Sacks for Infants-Scalloped, with x
%* '•«( W/,> monca y W - U J» iSr*^ - embroiderr cn edge and cuffj, also _-» -"
J2^C r^^^^^^^^-^S^^ -^_^-U^^^^^^^J-^-~^^ J^li?c» inkitnono style 5UC "J
r-;*i : - V- \u25a0 - v — -^— -^-r^-^ " v -** w^—*^-^^ - . . , .. . . ...... ... • /. . ... » r^^Ti*i Tennis Flannel Wrappers for Infanta — Neatly S
I • Rubber Goods , \Hams :^^^<^ ' Sapoiio ;%&*%?\u25a0\u25a0*"*.\u25a0 Whocolate™^ s™<- \u25a0\u25a0;&> 5
*f at RedUCed PriCeS. ( day only.................... 13C Monday only/ 4 cakss. ....... 5»SC ( special sa'e Morjlay only.. 2S&C Knit Body Leggins for Children ,.~.BOo S
S^ T m Fountain Sv- I 5 -.--••. •\u25a0- "'\u25a0 l~^~~^-^-^~*^-~^~^-^---^-^^^ ttTiSEiSS Woolen Mitts— For infants and children, in II
«» - w* 1 " ro ' . J - '\u25a0 — ! > —^-— > — > —^---^ — >— — >---v--s- \u25a0 . ---v-^-— >^-v^-v---v- -^^-s_— ->^-^-^ s-— > -<-— -^--^- , \u25a0 ..." ,_ " - - \u25a0 " -• red, white, blue and black.......... '
» ringe-A compete •4-o«att PearHne — Mcniay Plu.n Puddi g-Gor- Golden Dates— IS.... !trairud Honey— Ccoa-Roya! Dutch, New Canadian Cheese Whit aw Bros.; rcg- sour mash; guaran- 25c, 35o ' 50o %
% > outfit, w.tn 3 h . ard J" ony, 3 i-!b pick- don & D i w. rth's; - 700 New; bottle. .#.\u25a0 o in bu k; \o...80s — 'b ..2lC uarly bo tie, teed to be strict y Sllk*MittcnJ— White'only •
Jf rubber pipes, quajty J^Zl J ages.... 25O \u25a0 »-lb tin;, Mondiv... \u2666 FardDatcs - Font :ff- ' Vr .. n^. v >\u25a0 f '„\u25a0'•'\u25a0 - : ; / . Pork an rl p^- „,. Monday.;;^/.00 straight gco :s; never , \S/7<« 7«/»"'«f'/i/i *"3
I -^r^s $^k 3^ IlilPi 1 flip isiS^|Mp?l Ss?y WiMM^M i
{» The 3-quait n«, T| Salmon -Choice pink Cranberries- Best ianj'iibs': .2Gg ••' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a015O « : - a ( y -;. •;;•-• : T.9O Willis, _'" Anderson cuitometi, reiucel W~l%i€fliGS BUCm *
$ special Monday^nly ..^JL-s-^TT r . A aska; Mondav, 3 Cape Cod; 2 q »r:s. O!iv?s- Stiffs, new; Almonds -Ntw naner Atove in 5-gsllon 'ots- S C 0 tch^ Ba'nafrog County, Kentucky, for Monday only to. ,\u25a0.;.„ ?\ M ,Ll P*«^15a .'».- 5
.\u25a0\u25a0,.\u25a0..-,:. Ago; .s^lb..,,;^ .\u25a0::...,. ff /^ A^^S^^c^n: J
• \u25a0 r«~J,«"«»-. «t-Wir u.'5rh •/'" "^^ - - • ' ' • , ,. ; . _• - _ \u25a0 — \u25a0 , -'^ \u25a0 i'r '\u25a0 mm" ' m ' • m m \u25a0\u25a0 -mm* \u25a0-'-\u25a0-' 'm - which to make selection: the plaques arc %
$ MM A PmHiBl List of &isa*p®&s§MU Household Bargains. ( \u25a0 s^^&to^ ****!** i
V ' uncollapsible tubmg, guarantee! b= t quaity .,, - . '*/ , \u25a0 "**.. . _ '_____'" il" ' , nngs on back which to hang, a big
5 straight rubber, regu'arly x, ; Monday.. 69C . »* -f* - > f^S?? . r~\ - f=n * Wels. \u25a0 \u25a0 Nickel ~-^^ , j?^ " at the regular price 45c, spe- --•^ V
S .'.:;- r-.w -, J«lfc^ _^~\* ' ' A, LL Plated Jl jE^.. .JJ3 Jal>d "»«"«! dal saie price Monday.. IZJG $
* Popular Books /X\ iCll y^\ Tj®M Boys' $2.50 SaHoMl
| at Special Prices. • ' fliC\- ; W/. \u25a0 {^^^^^ <^p^^^^>.;. :-^. r /^- r|y ./ : .^^^¥ •T dnted '^"S/lS '^^ *
J the day, on special sale to-morrow at deeply cut flUAft* I v •^^^^ a B»rf^SBS • '-'*'\u25a0\u25a0' ; bril- . \ P 0^""* \u25a0MM^T' "• P '"^ $i.63. >,ffJ?Wr • "^
J» ''The Eternal City"— Hall Caine's latest 0 1^^ \\ flS! il .' ~ . :: - " \M\. dura "' dratt | /^^^^ with gold trjeing, 7 inches These stylish much- Jj^jV^
J and most criticized work, published QO I )S}}'J%^^ r&T I Suiro Gaj Heaters— Fits " 1|§|? b-lity burner | |^ high ©Q c in-demand all-wool
V at $1.50, Monday only . WC \\W|p^ !^' /|^^' over the gai jet, wi.l heat . » and !>J nr u Dcor Mats — Hieh-crade Blue Cheviot Sailor /^^ I \, V
J "The Fyght orW.y-GUbertJ'arker-s \u25a0 p «H r k \ good-med room in short time. .,; . W v^BSwhS?.: - TT" ' cocoa - filer mats," ,fa,6 in , ? Suits Ysttictly .fast /J J^M '^
5 newbooic and his masterpiece, pub-. o __. \ Food Choppers— Fcr cut- \u25a0\u25a0_ quick and economica i ..QQ O . , ,. - omy; v whIt « _ Jll " braided edee leaularlv 7 ec- " 1 .-^ 5 "- "/ "*T 1'i< A C./' : . A
$ lished at $1.50, Monday only.... 9OC Wash Boiler-Heavy! tin, ting all kinds of food (meat . °° U burner, chimney, d o u b 1 e ™g top Monday M« C ° * ° r )». trunmed -^
»•* "The Crisis" — Winston Caurchill's charm- copper bottom wash boilers; and vegetables,' raw or cooked) f/ Callustro Bag— The won- fram: mantle an 1 fluted jhide d ° me <^$0<Ss> n- H '• A< ''* ' n '•'\u25a0 y. \u25a0 Vflt^ wn i tc S0u " Tm**/ "^
IC ing wartime story, pub.ished **.'**** rimmed covers that' will fit ' into 'fire,'- medium or coarse derful win Jow and mirror pol- 'complete. ." i ....... ..©5o * de> - " ~ ?\a5F^ \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 .- ' nana.CS — Bright re- t ac h e braid well \\ \\W H
»• Jx.50, Monday ony-.... '.-... '.'. . %fifC good and tight; the No. 8 pieces; 3 knives with; each ' hh:r, " cvejlaitng; docs away ; :^^ . Lemonade . Set T - J Thin- -^f.75»-' tinned handle, VwiU fit any . . ' f - // A ! I '"'\u25a0£
K "Graustark"— By G. B. McCutcheon, now fami'y tize, regularly. $i.co ; m^ ' flctheV Line — co f^ chma ., , or te * ze Z™ l Y made 5 S1ZCS ° 3 If A 1 ,j
*: running as a scr-al in one of the -morning Monday.- ...:. .$1. 09 /i money back if not satisfactory; etc .:;..::.".•.. . v . .V/OO ?r, 6 tumblers' to 'match »"< hea Vy c ott O n rope fCfl- '^ y """"-"" : ° ;tO-IO yean; regU- IL/".rT 5
j^< papers; published at #1<S \u25a0 : regularly $1.50;*' Mondav only. % . . " ' . .'. silverine trav. -". .".'.'.*: $1^25 . . . -'". '..'<^.-~'. • Brejk'ist .Set— Thin ; Bo- . lar $2-$O Value; j J "I / 1
Jf Monday only. ...'.....:.;. \&B.Um9 Water Filters— The Hy- :........ ?. ...... $1.23 . ' Bread . Boxes— LaTgi.siz?, Self-PuIIing Corkscraw . .v.~ -;•\u25a0 - ; . Chamber Set— 10 i pieces^ hemian -glass,, golden flower ; on spec ial sale Mon- *,// hi"-
K \u25a0"' li The> White; House Cook Book**— Huh- gienic will fit 'I any. size faucety \u25a0 . :lce Cream Set— 7 12 inches .....:\ dav ' ' If * /R*3
JC. ' dreds' of recipes by world-famouj" -4-i' adjustable and self-cleaning; „•/. /decoiated gold >edgs Carsbadb wide, nicely. : japanned, \ regu- , . Strainers'— l^gft: size, .en- .basbi rich -flow blue decora- dish, cream ji.cher and spoon- ; V.'. 4* 4 G Q >h2Jp*m*^ Jl
S ' . -^ cooks; 1 Monday only;.. : ..*...^;;O &C ;.:.:.. .\u25a0;:~.:.. : J.''...75o}-Mn*..^ " on V ••. W* *O%f*S*^ *^ ;_.WELL. KNOWN ARTISTS WHO
WILL APPEAR HERE WITH THE
ORPHEUS CONCERT COMPANY.
'. A ' '\u25a0. Indiana is .bragging :; of a young woman , who V ref usecl to permit : her widowed \u25a0\u25a0 father * to
marry again, and whqwhen he eloped. with the lady. 1 of his choice pursued; the romantic couple and
brought the old: man. back/; yj^ V j r .J^ -;-V/^ -1-: .'^ }--'\u25a0 : * z - \u25a0 i' :^ : :^ Z. Z \\^ : i^'^J ,> : -/ +C \u25a0'.
Chicago has a doctor who ' : claims that :: he can not only^^ make suicide easy and painless, but
that he can prompt.it by "suggestion. This seems to be one of the cases where the , doctor micrht
with justice be compelled to experiment on his^own person. . .-' [\ ,
\u25a0 It is stated that the.Irish. Nationalists, of Galway are running for Parliament, a. man who
has been fighting, for the Boers -. during a good part of the war in South Africa, and perhaps we
may yet hear of an Irish . 'constituency inviting. Kruger to comq ovenand make the race. V -
sl3ter of the charming Miss Ula Convere.
now Mrs. Francis Bruguiere. Miss Con
vere is a handsome jri-1 and la said to Be
clever.
To-morrow mornlns the sale of seats
fcr the grand opera season to be given
by Maurice Grau's people will begin at
the Grand Opera-house and there's going !
to be a line worth seeing. There are to
'be twenty subscription performances for
which the sale opens j to-morrow. The
single seat sale will open November 6.
Mr. Grau's list of artists this year 13
an imposing . one. It incluaes a number
of singers new to San Francisco. Melba
and Nordlca will not be here, but there
are Emma Eames, Emma Calve. Sybil
Sanderson and Marcella Sembrich, names
to conjure with. Plancon, the gorgeous,
is on the other side of the Atlantic, but
there is Emillo de Marchi/' said to be a
mrrvel In the way of tenora. v Edouard
de Reszke, Bispham, Van Dyke, Robert
Blasa,"' Scottl, Dippel, will bo here, with
Schumann-Heink, Gadski, Louise Homer
and other favcrites of last year. The
season, indeed, bids fair to outvie all the
well-remembered glories of our first
Grau season; '. ;
'The programme for the first week has
already been arranged. It is a particular
piece of splendor that makes one's mouth
water to read it. Contrary "to precedent
"Aida" will not open the bill, but Instead
the opening performance on Monday, No
vember 11, will be "Lohengrin," that will
introduce Emma Eames to San Francisco
audiences in the role of Elsa. •
"Carmen". on Tuesday will serve for the
debut of Emma Calve. Marcella Sem
brich will be the heroine of "La Traviata"
on Wednesday and the role of Alfredo will
be sung by Emlllo de Marohi. Thursday
evening will be another great occasion,
for it will mark the debut here of Sybil
Sanderson in "Manon," one of her best
roles, that she studied with Massenet
himself. "Les Huguenots" will be sung
on Friday evening with a cast that will
include Mmes. Gadski, Louise Homer and
Sembrich and Messrs. De Marchi, Jour
net, Scottl and Edouard de Reszke. Sat
urday afternoon will be devoted to
"Faust," with Emma Calve as Marguer
ite, Edouard de Reszke as Mephlstopheles
and Andreas Dipple in the title role. In
the evening "Tannhauser" will be sung
with a cast that will enlist the services
of ' Emma Eames, Louise Reuss-Belce,
Ernest Van Dyck, Robert Blass and David
Blspham. During the ' season of three
weeks Mr. Grau promises very few rep
etitions, several novelties and some inter
esting revivals.
ALCAZAR'S NEW LEADING
' LADY AND A STAR IN
"SPORTING LIFE." J
WITH "Carmen" according to Col
lamarlni and the latest addition
to the Tivoli repertoire. "La
Boheme," the grand opera sea
son at the popular little opera-
house will close this week.
There is also another bill, one of the best
ever given at the TIvoII, arranged for to
morrow evening, for the testimonial per
formance to Paul Steindorff, the leader
of the orchestra. Mr. Steindorff has made
many friends since his advent here, and
his good vrork during the season has won
fcr him the sincere respect and liking of
all Tivoli devotees, who will doubtless
turn out in full force to do him honor
to-morrow evening. There ,is to be a
large orchestra to begin with, forty
pieces, and the orchestral numbers will
include the overtures from "Tannhauser,"
"William Tell" and "Lohengrin." There
will also be acts from "Carmen" (second),
"Lucia" (second, the "sextet" act), "II
Trovatore" (sixth act). Then Agostini
\u25a0will sing "Spirito Gentile" from "La Fa
vorita," and with Dado and Barbareschl
the famous trio from "I Lombard!." . All
of the singers of the season, except
Salassa, will be heard.
It is an astonishingly good "La Boheme"
they are giving us this week at the Tlvoli.
Agostini is delightful. He is in excellent
voice, and sings Jbe spirited, 'nervous
music with admirable art— he is, of course,
Rudolph — as If he had been born to the
part. Montanarl is a charming Miml, and
her best work by much is done in this
part, though her Santuzza is also pleas
ing. She Is not staging: so well as when I
first heard, her, five years ago— through at
tempting roles out of her range, t think
but as Miml ghe has much charm, and
looks and acts the little Parisian grisette
Mrtth grace and true pathos. Repetto dis
appoints, the musical curlycues in which
ehe shines so brightly having no place in
the Puccini opera. But apart from her
voice being too light for the "soprano
WHEN one remembers the extreme. difficulty experienced in rescuing persons who are
kidnaped by miscreants in this country, the difficulties in the case of Miss Stone will
be appreciated. We cannot revile other countries in which these crimes occur, for
they are too frequent • here. Of course if it can be. proved that either the Turkish or
Bulgarian government connived at the abduction of that American missionary we have the right
of reprisal against the guilty government. But to establish that right the proof must be clear.. It
is evident that at present we have no such proof, and all that we can' ask is that the brigands be
punished, if caught, by the government that has jurisdiction of them.
It is coming to be a novel feature in missionary Avork that itis frequently the cause of in
ternational broils. The vast woe and waste inflicted upon China grew out of the presence there
of missionaries, and now if we fix responsibility upon Bulgaria in Miss Stone's case we can strike
that country only. through the co-operation of Russia or some power nearer than we, from whose
frontier she is accessible. If. we, do this we assume an obligation to that intervening power.
These complications indicate that the Christian nations should come to some special agree
ment as to their sole or mutual obligations to missionaries: The issue presented is peculiar. It has
no analogy in the obligations of .\u25a0.government to; the commercial, class. Merchants are' abroad
from their own country to ..establish trade, in ''which the material gain is supposed to be equal, the
people among, whom they go getting .their. fhare, of it. Not many, international issues arise over
the presence of merchants. : They usually obey the laws and respect the customs of the country to
which they go, and it is a necessary' part of ;'their "business to cultivate good relations witH the
people. With missionaries it is different. They are not always .Worldly wise, and they of neces
sity antagonize the class that have in. charge the, spiritual; affairs > of the people. When this class,
as is usually the case in what we call heathen countries, have relations with- the civil government
its power is sure to be. invoked againstthe religious invaders. Where the- religion is national and
is interwoven with the civil institutions of the country, an attack upon it is of necessity an
assault upon the government itself. Every subject of such government \vhd adopts Christianity
of necessity is looked upon as a traitor to his own country, and in the- Christian propaganda the
seeds of endless trouble are "planted."
The Christian powers seem to owe it to themselves and to the world's peace to settle by
general treaty : between them how far they will become responsible for their missionaries. The
United State's by its constitution refuses to give aid and 'strength to any special form of religion
at home. Here Jew and Gentile,' Protestant and Catholic;: Christian v and Pagan, may .'all build
their altars and worship before them, uninterrupted and unaided by .the. Government. Therefore it
may well be asked what "right/ have .we, as a' government; 'to talceany part in protecting and en
forcing by treaty or otherwise the imposition of Christianity abroad?' What right have we to send
armies, to protect the propagandists 'of any religion among a strange and alien people? , '
-Surely it is quite time that the rights and duties of our Government in that respect
were defined. ' ; ' k
/The splutter over Roosevelt's dinner invitation to Booker T. . \yashington has led some
one to recall^ the fact that Lincoln once- invited Fred Douglass to tea: Of course Douglass • was
not exactly a negro and tea is not exactly dinner, but none the: less \u25a0 the Lincoln invitation is
a good enough precedent for Roosevelt if he feels any need of one. / — -^
THE CASE OF MISS STONE.
capriccioso" Musetta, she is a coquettish
and dainty little figure. Ferrari comes out
strongly as Marcel— Puccini gives him no
chance at the tremolo— and with his fine
barytone and ample comedy spirit Is ex
cellently satisfying as the impecunious
artist. Zani does unusually well as
Schaunard, and Dado lends his splendid
bass . to the fourth member of the Bo
hemian quartet, Colline. The orchestra,
as usual, is always there, in fact, more
there than usual, and the chorus scene in
the second act Is very well ordered. The
opera" is exceptionally well staged and
costumed.
• • . •
It is many days since I have had the
pleasure of hearing so graceful and fin
ished a singer as Mrs. M. E. Blanchard,
who gave her first song recital in Sher
man & Clay Hall last Tuesday evening.
Mrs. Blanchard has been away from San
Francisco for some ,two years, studying
her art both in New York and Boston,
and she. has clearly made excellent use of
her time. Her voice is not particularly
strong, neither is it of exceptional range,
but it is of smooth, silky quality, round
and sweet, and eminently sympathetic.
It is beautifully used, too, Mrs. Blanch
ard's work being conspicuous for its deli
cate nuance and artistic phrasing. There
is a slight weakness of the attack oc
casionally, a sort of "feeling after the
pitch." sometimes to be observed, but
apart from this the singer is both mus 1 
cally and technically gifted in an un
common degree, and will prove a valu
able addition to the contralto forces o.*
the city. Fred Maurer accompanied Mrc
Blanchard and distinguished himself, a-,
usual, by the quick sympathy, crispness
and discretion of his work. , The singer
who has Mr. Maurer at the piano has
nothing to fear on the score of accom
paniment.
\u2666 :'.••.,,*
Mrs. Blanchard's programme was all
that might have been expected "from her
kind of singer. Ranging from Scarlatti
("Se Florinda" and "O e'essate di Piag
armi") to some modern gems by Clayton
Johns ("Nereid's Lullaby" and- "Wild
Hunt") and Including old French, old
English and old Scotch', ballads, - besides
songs by Brahms ("Main'acht". and "Ver
gebliches Staendcheh") Mendelssohn,
Schumann, Schubert,; Franz and others!
the programme covered a wide field of the
choicest song literature. • The singer
showed herself well at home . with a 1 1
classes, and particularly well at home in
the rare art of ballad singing. "The
Ravens" and Dr. Arne's '.'Where the Bee
Sucks" were purely .\u25a0 ' delightful, the
Brahms "Vergebliches Staendchen" was
given with all its quaint point and Intent,
and. so on throughout the programme.
Mrs. Blanchard is indeed an artist, an.l
her future recitals should be well at
tended by all who like a good song well
sung. ,
This week will be a crowded one in the
music market, what with the Tivoli's la.st
efforts of the grand opera season, the
Loring Club concert on the 31st, the Or
pheus Concerfc Company's concert for the
same evening. 1 F. M. Biggerstaff's concei*
November 2, the "concert of Harry Wool
Brown for the 29th inst., and the Charles
Hoffmann song recital, on November 1
It is much of a pity that the Loring
Club and the Orpheus people conflict in
their arrangements, for both have good
programmes. v The Loring Club with this
concert enters on the twenty-fifth year of
its existence, and will celebrate its anni
versary shortly by producing composi
tions by Arthur Foote and George W.
Chad wick that have been specially writ
ten for the occasion. The soloist at
Thursday evening's concert will be Miss
Anne Louise Daniels, and of the club
number chief In Importance will be John
Hyatt Brewer's cantata, "The Birth of
Love," to be sung for the first time here.
The concert takes place at Native Son3'
The Orpheus Concert Company includes
such well known people as Miss Grace I.
Davis. Mrs.. Sedgley Reynolds, J. p
veaco. L. Van Llnghem and Roscoe War
ren Lucy. A principal feature of its work
is to ba concerted vocal numbers. Their
programme for Thursday is as follows-
Quartet. "Estudlantlna" (Lacome) ;
"Etude." op.. 10, No. 12. "Etude," op. 25
No. 9, "Tarantelle," op. 42 (Chopin). Ros
coe Warren Lucy; "Gioconda e Laura"
(Ponchielli),'Miss Davis and Mrs. Rey
nolds; "Romance" (Dinorah) (Meyerbeer),
w.y?- n a. LlnEl ! em ; Mad Scene from Ham
let" (Thomas). Miss Grace L'Davia; quar
tet. "Where Are You Going- to My Prettv
Maid?" (C^ldicott) ; "Ah ! Bendim?' ('S
S'vW 1 '^ Sedgley Reynolds;
V# ua k Vo . lut^ K 1 I^mbardi") : ( Verdi)
Miss Davis, Mr. Veacoand Mr. Van Ling
hem; "Cielo e Mar". ("La -Gioconda")
(PonchlelH). -, J.vF. VeacV;^uartet. "The
Miller's Woolngr" (Eaton ;Faning).
IP only to afford Stuart Robson oppor
tunity for his Bertie the Lamb, not
to mentions Maclyn Arbuckle's Old
Nick. "The Henrietta" continues
amply to justify its existence. It is
not every day that a role like Bertie the
Lamb is created, and still more seldom
that an actor can be found to fit it when
created. It is one of those simple-subtle
conceptions that more easily come to grief
than an omelet in the hands of the usual
kitchen divinity. Ninety-nine times out of
a lumdeed it- receives the. same treatment.
The hundredth time a Stuart Robson hap
pens along-and Voila! there Is a "lamb"
that will live as long as many Marys go
toschool. It is a fine and simple art that
Mr. Rcbson brings to his work here. Only
the picture Trf a dude he has to .give us—
a clever, careless fellow, with a genius for
idleness and clothes. He has never earn
ed a cent in his life, that he has innocent
ly spent sucking a very handsome cane
at stage doors and laboriously building
up a reputation for desperate wickedness
that every line of his ingenuous counte
nance unkindly belies. In his set it is
the current fad to be a desperate follow,
so he does his best that way, just as he
turns up his trousers when it rains in
Lunnon, because the other fellows do. A
character built on simplest lines, and only
acceptable when it is played -with the
genius for unconsciousness that Mr. Rob
son possesses, It is lavishly funny in his
hands. There is no shoving the funny
points at you, no crooking a. busy finger
or overworking a wink, to label a jest
that might otherwise bloom unseen. His
Bertie might have stepped from a band
box, with all the blessed lack of humor
that the. "chappie" type wears as com
monly as its chrysanthemum, so gloriously
unconscious he is of his "own comicality.
The big difference .between Bertie and
the d^ude in general is that he has thought
fit to ? his manners and morals
as wetl laundered, brushed and
combed as his shoes, shirt, hat and hair.
The way in which Mr. Robson just
makes "him say "On my honor as a gen
tleman," in denying that he is guilty of
a certain ein laid at his door, the way in
which he makes him stop short in his
denial : to take the aforesaid sin (his
brother's) upon himself, with the simplest
gestures arid facial play, is a small marvel
in the way of the portraiture of a gentle
man. And the picture is consistent
throughout, not a false stroke anywhere.
From his dellciously matter-of-fact love
making to his equally wonderful stock
broking, the part is carried through with
the same firm, clean touch, and 'Mr. Rob
son has the sympathy of the audience
from first to last.
Old Nick is the other "fat" part and
Mr. Arbuckle makes the best of it He
shines both in. the heavy emotional scenes
and in the opportunities for lighter work.
It Is a particularly powerful scene where
he finds out "young Nick's" treachery,
and Mr. Arbuckle, who is ably seconded
by Buss Whytal, Roy Atwell and Charles
Lane, carries it off with flying? colors.
His . transition from the confident, bluff
old "bull" of Wall street, who has swiing
the money market so long that he cannot
conceive of things happening any other
way, to the broken - and ruined ' old man
with" all that he had to live for gone, is
a powerful and pathetic effort. Neither
does he fail in lighter vein.- In his scenes
with the widow and with the Rev. Murray
Hilton— who looks as if he had' been left
over from the Episcopal Convention— Mr.
Arbuckle shows himself a humorous and
genial actor.
\ VThe Henrietta" runs another week and
besides "those mentioned" there" Is a good
"company of players who take satisfying
care of the other parts.
• - • • - • .
With "Sportins -Life" . that open3 to
night at the California Theater, come3
Miss Lillian Lamson as leading lady
Miss j Lamson j is an - Oakland girl and a
sister of the vivid, dashing actres S s
Nance O'NelH. "Without the -wide fame
of our o\rn Nance/ Miss Lamson has had
a considerable stage experience and
achieved a modest success. She made
her - debut eight : years ago . at the Cali
fornia Theater, with . Frederick "Warde's
company In "Rome-; and Juliet." ghe
has: since been identified with: Gu3 Froh
man's ' "New Dominion."/ "The , Still
Alarm." as the widow; \ with "Blue
Jeans." for. a four-year ? run : with "The
Power of the Press," = for a season, and
with William Brady's "Naval Cadets,"
in which she appeared' in this city.
Above la pictured one. of the new' lead
ing , ladles : of the , Alcazar r Theater, / Miss
.Margaret Wycherlyv who icomes < with an
Eastern '.; reputation - that '<\u25a0 - should < .- count. '
Another [new /actress to r be ' added . to ' the'
Alcazar forces Is -Mlasi Marlon.' Convere -
AT this short distance it looks as if Oakland needs . an application of . the public policy
which we are earnestly seeking in San Francisco. ... ... .-. <
, That city' is a fair city. ; Joaquin Miller overlooks it from his heights, has celeV
brated it in" poetry.: and in prose has said that its site is fit for a "city of the Caesars." But
Oakland is suffering from conditions -that the managers of its business seem incapable of chang
ing. Last spring a crisis appeared in the school affairs, and as the city is known as the Athens
of the coast, this was painful. The Attic lamp flickered for some time, because, the Council had
not furnished the means to run the High School to the end of the term. Meetings were held,
the hat was passed, card parties and N other ways were proposed to furnish the funds to keep t the;
High School going until .its senior class could graduate. The members of the defaulting Council
passed the responsibility to the School Board, but that body side-stepped \u25a0; and " let it pass. The
public discovered that the School . Board does not assess property nor levy taxes, but merely
spends what the Council provides for it, and that it had riiade requisition on -that 'body for, the
funds needed to keep the schools going. Some arrangement was made to tide over the difficulty
without starting a lottery to raise money or compelling the teachers to do a month's work for
nothing. But we believe. this settlement did not settle, and that the. teachers. are still unpaid. If
we are mistaken in this we congratulate the teachers.
Athens felt happy, at the beginning of the present school year, in the expectation that all
the classes would go smoothly forward to the end. ,But the School Board proposes and the City
Council disposes. The night classes are part of the school system. They are a most valuable and
very necessary part. They are attended by apprentices «and other youth who are working : "heir
way. In the ranks of such young people are always some of the very best.' There may be fcund
the material that is. going to take a great part in the world.. Give it the chance to get. some
knowledge in school and it will go forward with resistless energy and impulse. Oakland seems
to abound in such youth, and the School Board has made a point of supplying them with the
facilities they require'. But hills must be paid, and the bills of the night classes to the end of the
school year will amount to $4000. The funds on hand for that purpose will be exhausted Novem
ber 1, and the night classes must cease at. that date. . .
From the papers we learn that the Council appears to think it is the business of the School
Board to keep the classes going. The board retorts that since the foreman of Pharoah's brickyard
ordered the Israelites to make adobes without straw there has not been a more unreasonable de
mand. In behalf of the Council the retort is made that the board should cut off classes and thin
out and abridge the work in the Central High School and put the parings into the night classes.
Now it happens that the Central High is the polytechnic department of the school system
of Athens. In it are business classes, and it teaches beyond, the rudiments of the handicrafts.
It is the only technical school on that side of the bay. On this side we have the Lick and Cogs
well schools and the Wilmerding in preparation. "So the Central High 'is regarded as the prac
tical feature, and there is widespread objection to crippling it. This seems to have made oome
impression upon the City Council, which holds the Athenian cornucopia, and that body now in
sists that members of the School Board make personal contribution to support the night classes.
As those members serve without pay^and give much time to the public with no return
except that ineffable dividend called the sense pf a duty discharged, we take the responsibility of
regarding this suggestion as immaterial,, irrelevant and incompetent.- From the same source it
is proposed that the secretary of the School Board put his salary of $50 per month into the poor
box and that the teachers of the whole department. are expected to make up the balance!
\ We fear that before long the inquiry will begin to run, "What's the matter with Oakland?"
That city needs to wake up to its responsibilities as. a near neighbor of San Francisco. Carndgie
gave Oakland a library and a few citizens bought a site for the building, the late! Mr/ C. P.
Huntington being .the .largest contributor to that- purcHase. j The building is finished, but the city
seems unable to furnish it, and the library trustees applied'to 'Mr.. Carnegie for' nidre money* for
that purpose. Men and brethren, Athenians, all, what is ;the matter with you? If your- charter-is
not right, if it fits you like a boy's knickerbockers^ fit a man, get another charter, bring" your in
come up to your necessary outgo and keep out oi the papers as a mendicant. Fill your Attic
lamp "with oil and let it blaze until it lights the .welkin and makes people blink -when they look
at you. . ..-'. : r' ' '" - : i ....-.\u25a0
OAKLAND'S PLIGHT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER- 27, 1901
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. . Address Communications to W. S. LEAKE, ; Manager
SUNDAY .;..... '. ... . ... . . . . ...;.; '. . . . ./. . . .-. .'........ .... ..OCTOBER 27. i'qoi
Publication Office <3gg^|j§p5» .Market «nd Third, S. F.
BY GUISARD.
NOT EV E RY DAY IS ROLE
LIKE "BERTIE THE LAMB"
CREATED BY PLAYWRIGHTS
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
SEASON OF GRAND OPERA
WILL CLOSE THIS WEEK
AT TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
18
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
Choice candies. Tonwsend's, Palace Hotel"
Cal.' Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's*
Townsend'a California glace fruits, 50c &
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. baa •
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building. *
\u25a0 : • \u25a0 \u2666 \u25a0 '
.. Special information supplied daily, to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1041 *
-.Before marriaga~a. -timid~man doesn't
know .what to say. and after marriage he
la: afraid to say It. v - . . . .-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BREAKS UP
TENACIOUS .
.• - \u25a0 -\u25a0 ... -- '
If your Cold doss not yield
promptly to the use of "77/'
alternate with a few doses of
Specific No. "One." The effect
will be amazing.
The use of Dr. Humphreys'
Specifics restores the, numbed
vitals, starts- the Blood ting-
ing, relieves the congestion;
arouses the sluggish liver, per-
mits the system to cleanse
Itself, and "breaks up" . the
cold.
At all irugeistB 25 cents, or mailed oa' receipt
of price. Doctor 1 * Book mailed free. .
Humphreys' Homeopathic Medicine Co.,' cor-
ner William and John eta.. New .York. v. 'Oct 26.-Orders ; were
Issued at the War. Department to-day re
tiring Colonel James M. Moore and Lieu
tenant Colonel James B.' Jones of the
quartermaster's department, both having
reached, the age limit of 64 years to-day.
These- retirements promote >/ Lieutenant
Colonel Charles F. Humphrey to be colo
nel and Major George B. Pond. to bo lieu
tenant colonelr.'and Captains Isaac>W.
Little and Gonzales S. BJngham ' to be
majors. . .;7v; -"'' \u25a0'\u25a0"-'_>. - \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0-. '/"•;"\u25a0..>
afiBfe&Ilfc^ ;-; ': *. '• f '-. '\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0/•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 •......"
Retirements Cause Promotions.
; PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 26.— The torpedo -
boat destroyer . Chauncey was launched
to-day. Mrs. • Mae Chauncey \u25a0 Stevens
Todd christened the vessel. Distinguished
officers • of the army and ! navy | and men'
prominent in clvU . life witnessed the
ceremony. . _
The Chauncey, which is a ; sister ship
of the Bainbrldge, launched some < time
ago, and the Barry, now being built, is
245. feet long and twenty-four feet beam,
with four cylinder triple-expansion
engines and Thorneycroft - boilers. Her
speed will be aoout 29 knots.
Destroyer Is Launched.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Oct. 26.— Munoz
Tebar, a Venezuelan revolutionary aspir
ant for the Presidency, to-day received
a cable dispatch reporting the complete
routing of General Castro's forces at
Maturin, State of Bermudez, after a six
hours' fight, with heavy losses on both
sides. Castro'a forces, according to this
dispatch, withdrew, leaving the Insur
gents In possession of the city and vicin
ity. The revolutionists are said to have
captured the general commanding the
Government forces, a number of other
prisoners and a quantity of ammunition.
This victory, Tebar says, indicates that
the. whole eastern country is under arms.
It is believed that the insurgents engaged
in \u25a0 this fight consisted in part \u25a0 of those
making up the expedition which recently
left Trinidad. .. - . ; -.
Revolutionary Leader Claims to Havo
Received the News.
CASTBO'S FORCES ARE ROUTED,
To be happy you must forget yourself
a nd remember others. , . ' r '
EASTPORT, Me., Oct. 26.-The torch
has been applied | to the old warship
Minnesota, brought here a few months
ago to be broken up for the metal in her
hull, and the woodwork has been almost
entirely consumed. It is said that the old
Tennessee will be brought here later to
meet a similar fate. .
Torch for an. Old Warship.
President Castro is hurrying reinforce
ments to Maracaibo and vicinity. Disaf
fection exists there among the troops
owing to their illness and failure to re
ceive pay. Further advices say that Gen
eral Avelina Rosas, who led th.e Colom
bian revolutionists in Southern Cauca has
been defeated by the government. troops
/.WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.-Consul Gen
eral Gudger at Panama in a dispatch to
the State Department, dated October 14
says that a report has reached him that
at Tumaco the liberals have captured, the
morro, which commands 1 the entrance to
the city, and have surrounded the Gov
ernment troops stationed in the city. An
effort . has been made to relieve the
troops, but to no purpose, and it is ex
pected that the city will soon be taken. ,
- "We have captured all the arms and
revolutionists along Guaraplche. Generals
Rivas and Canas with their forces have
surrendered.
The Venezuelan Consul here received
to-day from President Castro this dis
patch:
PORT OF SPAIN, Oct. 26.— It Is re
ported here to-day that. Venezuelan revo
lutionists are fighting President Castro's
troops -near Barcelona and ln the State of
Bolivar. No details have been received.
General Montllla has collected 600 Vene
zuelan revolutionists near Barquisimeto
They are well armed. General Castillo
has raised another revolutionary force at
Coro and has plenty of arms. They will
endeavor to meet Castro's troops as soon
as possible.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
LONDON, Oct. 26.— Discussing the ne
gro problem, the Spectator, -while Justi
fying Mr. Roosevelt's "noble and cour
ageous ajct" ln entertaining Booker T.
Washington, saye it wishes the President
had not Invited him, because it believes
"a recognition of the non-existent equal
ity of the races is not the best way to
NEW- YORK, Oct: 26.— The special train
on which J. P. Morgan went' to San Fran
cisco to attend the triennial convention
of the ' Protestant Episcopal church ar
rived here at noon to-day. Mr. Morgan
was not on. the train when it reacne.-l
here, having left it at a point up the
Hudson to go on board his yacht.
Morgan's Train Arrives.
DEADWOOD, S. D., Oct. 26.— Fire to
day destroyed the large cyanide plant at
Ragged Top, owned and operated by the
Spear Fish Mining Company, of Colorado
Springs, Colo. The plant was valued at
$50,000 and was insured for half that
amount. The loss to mining interests
will also be considerable, until' the mill
can be rebuilt. \u25a0
Fire Destroys Cyanide Plant.
London Periodical Dis
cusses the Negro
Problem.
Venezuela's President
Claims to Have Won
a Victory.
URGES CASTES
FOR AMERICA
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— The President
to-day made the following appointments:
State— Ethelbert Watts, Pennsylvania,
United States Consul at Prague, Austria.
.War — Samuel McAllister, second lieu
tenant. ' '• \u25a0-.-\u25a0' :. ; "
Navy— A. C. Almy, lieutenant com
mander. Martin J. Clancy, warrant ma
chinist. , * . .
Appointments by the President.
kill the white prejudice against the
black."
It proceeds to advocate, as the best so
lution of the problem, that the whites
and blacks should avowedly form them
selves into two castes, like the Hindoos
and Mussulmans of India, with no inter
course except on the common business of
life.
In the opinion of the Spectator the bal
lot should be temporarily withdrawn from
the negro, although every office except
the Presidency should be open to him,
but the whites should be entitled to de
mand a trial by a white Judge.
"Under these conditions," says- the
Spectator, '"the races would develop
peaceably until the color rules were, felt
to be Inconvenient and swept away."
Hutin to Meet Directors.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 26.— M. Hutin,
president of the Panama Canal Company,
who has been for several days holding
conferences with the United States Isth
mian Canal Commission, left to-night for
New Tork, where he will attend a meet-
Ing of the Panama directors. He will re
turn to \u25a0Washington next week, when the
conferences will be renewed.
REBELS FIGHT
CASTRO'S MEN
NEWCASTLE, Natal, Oct. 26,-Com
mandant General Botha with a small
escort has rejoined Schalk-Burger, whose
movable Government is established to the
westward of Amsterdam, guarded by 100
horsemen." Botha's forces have separated
into small commandos which are operat
ing- in a rough,. -bushy country, well
adapted to Boer tactics. Several British
columns are ihunting them.
GENERAL BOTHA; JOINS . -\ \
SCHALK-BTJItGER'S FORCE
Small Bodies of Boers Operating in a
Rough. Section of :
; Country.
HOPKINSVILLE, Ky., Oct. 26.— Special
Officer Robert Coffey, chief of the guards.'
at the Empire mines, was shot and killed
to-day from ambush. ' He had been lead
ing a posse In pursuit of union miners
who had fired at the miners while start
ing to work this forenoon. William Gold
worthy, James Anderson, George Phillips
and three other men, union strikers, havo
been arrested for alleged complicity in the
outbreak.
Slain While Pursuing Miners.
WHEELING, W. Va, Oct. 26.— A des
perate "gang of burglars at MoundsviUe
early to-day, after j robbing houses and
blowing open several safes, fought a run
ning battle with the police and armed
citizens. At one time the gang were
thought to have been captured, but they
ambushed the attaafeing force and escap
ed. One of the robbers is thought to have
been shot. They secured several hun
dred dollars and a lot of jewelry.
Robbers. Battle With Police.
Another schooner which, was seized was
released, as it was shown that the cap
tain had lost his bearings and had been
driven into the prohibited zone. --*'
' VICTORIA. B. C, Oct. 26.— According to
advices received by the steamer Olympla,
which arrived this afternoon' from the
Orient, three more schooners/, Japanese
sealers, have been seized by the Russian
cruiser Yakut for sealing within the limit
around the Copper and other Russian seal
islands. This makes six schooners and a
boat's crew of another which have been
seized this year, or about seventy-one
men, most of them Japanese, but some
Americans and Canadians. I The schoon
ers were taken to Petropaulovski, where
the,y were condemned, and the men to
Vladivostok, where some were sentenced
to a year in jail and other were awaiting
trial.
Americans ' and Canadians Among
the Crews Sent to Siberian
Prisons.!
CONTINUED SEIZURES
OF JAPANESE SEALERS
.Tarrant charges the officials with hav
ing conspired to ruin his business because
his company filled orders for the Allis-
Chalmers Company when its plant was
shut down by reason of the machinists"
strike. The suit was threatened some
time ago, but lay dormant until the
twelve blacksmiths' and helpers of the
Tarrant Company, struck , to-day ratKer
than go to work for the Allls-Chalmers
Company.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26.— Business Agent
Arthur Ireland and other officials of the
International Association of Machinists,
now under an "Injunction of the Federal
Court against picketing .the plant of the
Allls-Chalmers Company, were served to
day with notices of a suit for $10,000, filed
by the Robert Tarrant Company of this
city. • .
Charge Made That They Conspired to
Ruin the Business of a
Firm.
OFFICERS OF MACHINISTS
StTED BY A COMPANY
LONDON, Oct. ' 26.— Whatever . history
may say about General Buller's many at
tempts to cross the Tugela : to relieve
Ladysmith, it looks as if his name is
likely to be remembered _ in connection
with a still greater feat than the reliev
ing of a beleaguered garrison. His dis
missal from the command of the I first
army corps' has shaken public opinion
here as nothing since President Kruger's
famous ultimatum^. ' .,
Rhodesian influence, which has dictated
public opinion since the outbreak of the
war and which nine out <jf ten people hold
responsible for this drastic act, has been
shattered to its center by the. latest ex
ample of its vindictive intolerance. ~ . For
weeks people have been growing discon
tented at the supine neglect of this Gov
ernment to do anything to clear up the
muddle in South Africa. This discontent
is likely to burst aflame with indignation
if the already formidable agitation of the
protest in favor of Sir Redvers Buller
continues as it has begun. It i3 the one
topic of conversation wherever one goes.
Men, who months ago declared themselves
sick of talking about the war, find it im
possible to. refrain from joining in the
general chorus of indignation.
"Good old Buller" promises to become
a national cry as it already - forms the
topic of music hall songs. Party lines
cut no figure in this popular upheaval.
The ultra-radical morning leader vies
with' the stanch conservative to express
in vo/ciferous denunciation the Roberts-
Brodrick coup, and from scores of pro
vincial centers information comes of pub
lic meetings of protestation.
A monster demonstration in Hyde Park
is already on tire cards, while suggestions
by dozens foira million penny subscrip
tions for a sword of honor or similar pub
lic testimonial deluge the columns of all
but the hidebound Rhodesian organs. >
Special Dispatch to The Call,
The admiral's letter is a- spirited de
fense of the navy - against many recent
oriticisms, but he admits that the line
officers must wake up and become expert
mechanics as well as good' seamen, in or
der, to mac ter the complicated* machin
ery of the fighting ships, or else the en
gineers will oust them from their pres
ent predominant position.'
"I. am not' prepared," he said, "to ad
vocate the amalgamation of the engineers
and executives in imitation of the Amer
icans. We are certainly not ripe for it
yet. Moreover,* it is just as well to wait
and see how, it turns out with them. But
if an amalgamation is to-, be eventually
avoided, it can only be by bur executives
becoming practical mechanics. All. real
work is- now done by steam, electricity
and hydraulics. 'Touch the\ blooming
button,' as Jack says, 'and let her go up,'
I doubt not that he who is the most ex
pert in - touching .the 'blooming button'
at the right moment will* be the victor
in future naval battles, just as the best
sailors won of yore." . .
•LONDON, Oct. 25.— The British^ admir
alty is taking the most lively interest in
the working 1 of the personnel bill in the
American navy, with the view of the pos
sible amalgamation of the line and en
gineer officers, of the, British navy. Ar
nold-Forster, secretary to the , admiralty,
recently requested special, reports on this
matter, and Vice Admirai "Fitzgerald ; to
day writes to the London Times on the
same topic. . , . , \u25a0 ' . \u25ba
Public Opinion Warmly Pav-
ors the Dismissed
General.*
Engineers May Supplant "Line
Officers in Executive
Work; ; \u25a0\u25a0
The Admiralty Watches
Closely Changes in
This Country.
Roberts and 1 Brodrick
Stir a Storm of In-: \u25a0
dignatibn. ~
BRITISH PLAN
NAVAL REFORM
ANORY ENGLISH
LAUD BULLER
THE SAJST^FRANGISCld CAIiT;; SUNDAY,; OCToiEIl 27, 1901;
19
fm—Mfirmi ii ill |||H|M| MM^^riTMJBIOMlllllEXirijmjlI mi \u25a0' "i"' i mww— i
I 'A SALE IN THE .1
PR/iPERY DEPARTMENT
: To introduce, the many.' new,' novelties in the drapery
department on the second floor of our Post-street store and to
prove to our patrons the reason of our leadership in draper-
ies and art goods, we make these special offers:
*" '• ' 22™ ''' '
Millinery .News. " ' Ostrich Feathers. " §
; We are selling and shbwinsr the We are agents for the South M
newest Parisian and New York Ostrich Farm> and |
Mfllinery effects at the same prices \u25a0
the biggest *^w York milliners selling ostrich feathers, tips and |
are asking. Our new. millinery plumes direct from the- farm to 6 :
department is doing a tremen- ., -\u25a0• . B
dpus bnsiness, because we are the consumer. You cannot buy H
giving better values and better better feathers at lower prices and f$
evt eS b a eeJ > gfv r e P nt eS ,h^ a c n ity h t?- «*— *>» . • ««« stock, a |
fore. - • .. you buy here. M
At Post-street store only. At Post-street store only. m
ft— ; — — ; \u25a0 SSS2 — : &
Figured Velours— '-... [ y
Just the thing for mantel drapes, .furniture covering and pillow tops^ — p
an elegant assortment and in exclusive patterns— $2.25, 75c. 50c and M
;.. «:.....;. 45c a yard
Drapery Silk — ,
In floral and Oriental designs — in a big assortment of shades and ef-
fects — if you want something no one else has, come here — 75c, 60c, 50c
and . . ........... .\ .45c yard
Figured Tapestry-
Designs you have never seen before — some extremely new effects for
draperies, portieres, coverings, etc., 50 inches wide.... 50c yard
Roumanian. Drapery — - ;
An art drapery in floral and Parisian designs— some of the effects are
quite oriental — 36 inches wide. .SOc Yard
Figured Silkoline—
In half a hundred different designs and colors— 36 inches wide and an
, elegant quality and every pattern a new one^ — 10c and... .....15c yard
Oriental Portieres— .
In striped effects— just the. thing for a Turkish room, a den or a library
—3 yards long ......;. ........$3.OO pair
Arabian Curtains — ; - ; -
I The rich, dark ecru effects so popular among lovers of oriental art—
150 pairs go on sale beginning to-morrow, at. .JJ54.5O pair
/ ART DEPARTMENT;
Battenberg Squares — v
Of lace effects— just: the thing for Christmas gifts, and now is the time
to choose them — 18 inches square 85c each
Battenberg Squares—
Linen centers— 18x18 inches— pretty 'for dining-room tables and for
many other household uses.... ...$1.OO each
College Cushion Covers—-
In both Stanford and Berkeley, designs — the - price includes both top
g. and back — get one of your favorite colleges. Here to-morrow oOc each
H Leather Cushion Covers.
Ii Handsomely fringed and, burnt in many 'strikingly novel designs — you
g have never seen anything like them before.. * .$4.5O to $5.OO each
__JP^jLITIGAL.
... iFOIR, i . .
iVIAYORi
JOSEPH S.TOBIN,
Democratic Nominee. *
WARNING!
vysm^zm* thousands
W^^^m DISFRANCHISED
Wm^WM CAR ELESSNESS.
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR
so well as to deserve re-election. . '. . . \u25a0 , ".-*•' •
, Stamp a cross on the democratic ticket after "
P. BOLAND |1T|
FOR MAYOR,
ASA R. WELLS.
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
CITY ATTORNEY,
Judge J.L Barry
Regular Republican Nominee.' ;
For Tax Collector,
Edw'd J. Smith
Republican Nominee.
VOTE FOR
JOHN FARNHAM
' PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
REPUBLICAN NOHINSa.
VOTE TOR
;i;.;vPi:-BOLflNbit
Democratic Nomines tor
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR
(Incumbent) .-. %
THE WEEKLY CALL
31 ger_y ear^ *
FOR TAX COLLECTOR,
Joseph Fassler
\u25a0.'\u25a0--. -\u25a0 : \u25a0'-\u25a0•. •\u25a0\u25a0',••;"/ "'\u25a0-•'-'. \u25a0\u25a0'••' '\u25a0\u25a0'-."\u25a0< \u25a0\u25a0>''\u25a0'"\u25a0\u25a0'
Democratic Nominee, ; ;;
;. \u25a0 ; ; poijTiCAI«. vl -- \u25a0/\u25a0" \u25a0 : ; : / : .;
AUDITOR^
HARRY BAEHR,
Regular Rcpubl^an Nomloee.
/QmlL Balpruner s
'***~*^ the pain, it will re-
move the soreness, it will give" you relief and ihere
will be no need for your using language we cannot
print.
Good for all cuts, bruises, sores, burns, skin afflic-
tions, etc. Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine is com-
pounded to repair the injured parts. If it touches the
raw flesh it burns a little, of course, but assoon as it
burns you know it is curing, that it is doing what.it
ought to do to give you relief.
Halpruner's is a wonderful medicine and you should have it
on hand at all times for immediate use. It is Rood for the feet, it
is good for the muscles, for a rub down, stops pain in the back,
removes lameness, soreness, stiffness in the joints, stops bleed-
ing. In fact it is Rood for the hundred little things that are
happening to people all the time. '
Demand it of the druggists and see you get the genuine
\u25a0 - • \u25a0 * ' .
SOc and $i.oo a boltle at all druggists'— the $1.00 size con-
tains three> times the quantity of, the small size.
Pl TRIAL TREATMENT.
Dr. Halpruner will give sufferers a trial treatment, free, every
afternoon, except Sundays, between 2 and 5 o'clock, at his office, 23
California street. San Fraa Cisco, Cal. •
"God bless Dr. Jlalpruner for his "Wonderful Pain Remover," was
the exclamation my mother, made after one application of it on her
bruised hand and shoulder. It jvas instantaneous in lt» relief when
all other remedies had fa'led. lA-fter months of suffering she is now
on the road to recovery. : JOHN J. CHAPMAN. •
• 2108 Powell street, San Francisco, Cal. :
1 mSmm W J mat VII I 111 fc\ mtv^
COLLARS : I
» \u25a0 ... B oriRlnal purpose of the com- H : ii-Cw"!
I H pan? was to do an exclu- \u25a0 I Pant' ;.
•\u25a0 I weni . \u25a0 £7/ wholesale business in - I ... \u25a0 V"" 1 '
. .-. . ;. . H collars and cuffs for the I » • \u25a0
laundries of San Francisco P^^^^bmh^^bM^^^^^mb
\u25a0^^"^^^\u25a0^^^^'^^^^\u25a0^\u25a0^ and vicinity. The plans of
. ... - •' \u25a0 \u25a0 . . the company have -.- lately - ', \u25a0\u25a0
been revised and the plant will be made large enough to permit the doing ot a retail '
trade. A well-managed laundry Is profitable, and the Twentieth Century will have.
'the benefit of the successful experience of one of \u25a0 San Francisco's "best laundrymen.' \u25a0
Sufficient work is promised to insure a profit from the beginning. Exclusive collar >
and cuff laundrlea .In- New Tork and > other Eastern cities are annually earning $25,0CO.
to $30,000 In net profits on an investment of J40.000 to J5O.00O. »What others are doing
in the East the Twentieth Century. Laundry Company, will do on the Pacific Coast. \u25a0
It' will be the only collar and cuff laundry in the State. Its manager Is a practical
and successful laundryman with a wide acquaintance, and has fully demonstrated.
>hl« ability ln a managerial capacity, j ! \u25a0;\u25a0 \u25a0:\u25a0' -\u25a0'-\u25a0.' ' \u25a0 \u25a0 ,":;
| BUY AN INTEREST IN IT. |
Its machinery Is new and up-to-date, assuring absolutely uniform work ln any .
finish desired. Operating on collars and cuffs. only, . expenses will be reduced to the
lowest possible notch. Catering as it will under the new plan to both .the wholesale
and retail trade, and doing: the highest class of work at the uniform price of 1 cent
per piece, the Twentieth Century Laundry Company will practically control the collar •.
and cuff trade. The affairs of the company will be conducted in a thoroughly bu»l-
- nes«-like manner, and all expenditure! will be carefully guarded. To speedily effect.
, the proposed enlargement, the company, which was originally intended to.be a close
corporation, has decided to sell a small block of stock at the par value of $1 per ,
j share, and believes in so doing it offers one of the best industrial investments ever
presented on this coast. These shares are offered to our clients and correspondents
3 In the belief that they will be a profltabla holding from the beginning. They are ,
: ; full paldL and thus non-assesaable. This stock will all be speedily subscribed. A
circular letter brought subscriptions- for several thousand share*. Call or write for .
'. further information. Address : ; : • - • - • , .. '
~~^™^ -Thfl American \ .
p R9 F| T I Guaranty&Trust Co. I PR^ iT
I-.- ,'FOR.US: ;\u25a0/\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0' u >ibc'i;^gk N t 8 .- , • jvTOR -YOU
'\u25a0':'\u25a0\u25a0 .\;.- '\u25a0/\u25a0\u25a0•''\u25a0 \u25a0..',.: V-.'-'-B , .«» ; MONTGOMERY. ST. - ;"|| -\u25a0- /_ \u25a0; ;- ; .;•.;..
Important Announce^rrient
THE AMERICAN NEWSPAPER ASSOCIATION to day makes
an announcement oJ mo-e than ordinary mterest. ' By special arrangement J&^SS^
with the fublishers of that greatest of all reference works— the E icyclo- • «ggl|g|m§
r a? !i Britannia— wear; able to place that king of boks within rasy reach of tv ry jMsmmstt \\\V ' \u25a0'
-Cm r «der. t- or more than one hundred y.-ars the Encyclopaedia BriUnnica has jf*¥*S^3fflfyW-
occupied the loremost rank as a s:!.-;ducator aiti w O -l< of relerence, Urough its vui- JRi&^^3R, %_>\u25a0%<(\u25a0
r.u« revisions and rdJitions during that interval.. Th- crowning /uccess now f^SE^'Miwltr
,cmes in t a edi ion we clf.-r, which is the Urge type, wide margin j 1% H if \u25a0
New 20th Century Edition . fjJJj^fjP
-••vhi;h isevra mor« extrnsivianit ! ierefo-emir; ie^irabi: tnn . .^S&S^^^l^fe (l H \\ f $ 1
:!.- 1 t st costly Edinburgh edi'io-i. and we are alrh lo supply .J@KSs=S^- )JP V/'iiliVt" V 7 H
"Ca.l" read-rs lor a s.-.o t time at . ' €~^=~~2s^ W. * tyiOfit * H
Much Less than Half the Cost. • Eg|jP^^j!jj!y .
TDctsorn- sort of an Encycb-aeJia is a necessity all ___Z^[i i '//, ''fy 1 j''j > t y Brings You
must cctnowledge. That the great Britanni;a f^msm^ A yx'tY&iyJ This Entire 31
is thsvriyb-stnons will deny. It is an En- M f Vol ql? «f
cyciopaelii in which each principal subject 't^^p^g, JJfy /Wa \. ,; / ; # vol. bet Of
istreateJby ar. acknowl.-dstd authority _/$ A W 7 k *> I { i ¥ The New
upon that sub j-cr No other Encyclo- . SBammW^^W*J % % 4 7 A/ «^n
rseiia has given Sio.tod tor a Singi; • -.y^^^- ' ' /§ V ffl y */€ t f 7)th Cenflirv
Ariicle, nor f6oo a Page for written sii 1 n im7~rT~^ =:r ~\^, , '7$, fy rf,/ AM . — . \u25a0 . VVUIU1 J
matter. The fact »hat r3,coo,oco fj^^"^^^^^^ /'M^^'A ffij JYi 1 FdltlOll
-So' of th* world's ° f f^^^S-Z^-: ' J^^ f^^^f Y ° u ca " pBy the baIance at
est schol2rs, telss thi j^j^E^l~~^~-~Z^~ "tij~^!^Sr? //$ v'*' 'i t a b^
stcrv' of its exalied /~ £ ===^=^^^==--=^~ ——£%$%? W/W^Js YJ 1 w §8 \f* Z\ iiiirSV
fwffi'. rfttfErJ 7 Volumes fdinburgh Edition.
y^^^^^^^^^^p- JW\ ''iJ^srjif *%J%M:M 5 Volumes American r'dd"t!ons.
:'|^r^-^^^^i^^^^^^| W j¥ ' Read?n 9 s of the whole work.
|jJ^|jl3^|fAAS^l m^^^wSSSMjfi ' fS3 'VSl art ! C ! Ml aver «in B «4 pa Pe * s each.
\u25a0 iNilil " s^ wx&MfflMiwW /M jv* 16 ' 2^ttF e L£^ ii t£hkftifoi l contrihu '
I^H.MassiTe "MaW/W m ™t and
|I^ Volumes W^W^WJT mail this cou " "^ " ""
*TTr<^?5 VMU1VJ < S?^!^3lR V ,J#. ffl /m . j , Nearl y 12 -0W illustrations, exclusive of
p^ Vetgbt S^l^i^^iw P °" maPS Snd r ' ans "
lyffi^ i^H /i^ our great Offer. Spacial Features of the Five Volumes
' wf!$?&?M _ ' rS*&^«® T&yT ffa /* *• , An extension of the oriRinal articles
* -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ififci *^Sj— y~~r~^r* ~v^~^>^^^S%^^t \ //eh / Tf« 1 • ° n arts and sciences down to the pres-
I^^^^M^H 1 wMf- Newspaper r :
S^^^^^^^^^/ Association, '
U **~" / ATIAM^ RTIIT flTNf^ 3> . B^f^ lc^ enlargement to include
Ttr« f ¥ r» • « <• t. / """WAO UU11-.JLI111U eminent living persons and the hundreds
What Is Said 'of It. / 2:e k *™j st - s « *»»•&* on. ss ln .
„, ... , , , _ \u25a0 _ / Please send me free of charee t^rests m their various phases. \u25a0
•*] Will defy any One tO buy 3030 / S( . mD le ni?es and ful narHrVi • 5 " Presentation of technical subjects
1 «u . -ii • f _. ' sample piees ani IU I partlCU- In a form comprehensible to ordinary read-
VOlumeS tbat Will give him es good fl Jars Of your Encyclopae ia Uffer. era, as in the treatment of Electricity
working fibrary as is furnished ?o the Name • U °e^& et Jl- lustratlonS( . over ln
ESCYaOP^3)!A B2TTANMCA a!one." - " ame • number. WM
Ex-President Owight, Yale University. .Street. —
N Town... ..... Tne Gu ' de to -Systematic Readings
...... ...... subdivides the whole work into depart-
"If all other books were destroyed, State SSS£ "£ W £S>£T fflSPi°S ;
the B!b!e e\ce?ted, the world would \u25a0 „ ..,,—,- ' ffe . r u. nt c 01 "" 663 ot reading) and points out
lose but HtUe of its ia formation."- . CaI1 Bureau. k S?Z££& t
Spur £ eon. ; V . , :[ •. . ;,- :: L \u25a0 '\u25a0 r—^— 88, Son^^^^S^i?^ 1113 " 0 readln «.Spain Anxious for Treaty.
1 PROVIDENCE,. R.^L, Oct. 26.-The
Delta Upsllon Fraternity closed its three
days', convention to-day, electing officers
as follows: Honorary president, E. B.
Sherman, Mlddleburg, Vt.; secretary. H.
B. Mingle, Pennsylvania, '96; librarian, M.
F. Dodge. Hamilton, '90; auditor, F. W.
Levitt, Minnesota;- editor of the Decen
nial, M. F. Dodge, Hamilton, '90; executive
council — G. F. Andrews, president. Brown,
'92; S/S. Hall, Harvard, '88: R. F. Scather
wood. Northwestern, '96; T. B. Pennneld,
Columbia,- '90; E. S.. Bloom, Pennsylvania,
'90; H.R; Weymouth, M. I. T.. 'S7: E. S.
Harris, Swarthmore.- '92, and H. D. Ran
dall, Amherst,;'92. The petition of Alpha
Omega Chapter of Dartmouth College for
a charter was refused and that of Lambda
Nu Chapter' of the Ohio State University
was laid over until the next session.
'\u25a0 Fraternity Ends a Convention.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26!— The State; De-.
partment is about to lose* the services of
Thomas W. Cridler, Third Assistant'Sec
retary of State. He has accepted the po
sition as European commissioner of the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition, a post
which affords nearly, double the compen
sation of his present position and for
which Cridler is fitted by reason of hia
good acquaintance abroaG and his connec
tion with the last. Paris Expository as a
successor. to the late Moses P. Handy.
Cridler was' appointed from West Vir
ginia a clerk in the State Department in
October, 1875, and has been continuously
In Its services up to the present. He be
came. Third Assistant Secretary of Slate
in .April, 1897. It is understood Cridler's
successor will be Herbert H. D. Pierce, at
present secretary of tiie Embassy at St.
Petersburg. He is a-native of Massachu
setts and entered the diplomatic service in
1894. He retired In January, 1898, but re
entered the service three months later on
March -15, being appointed secretary to
the St. Petersburg Embassy.
Will Be Louisiana Purchase Ex
• position Commissioner.
Third Assistant : Secretary Cridler
POSITION' * IN . ETTROPE
FOB A." STATE OFFICIAL
LONDON, Oct. 26.— VPrince; Ranji/ of Be
luchistan,". :who to an unusual extent has'
succeeded A in exciting and ..baffling^ Lon
don's curiosity,, and. who is .variously de
scribed'as- an' Indian -potentate' and a
prince of Siam, sailed October 24 from
Liverpool; for Montreal cm "the .steamer
Lake Simcoe, whence he. is going; to-New
York, accompanied by a dusky suite num
bering twenty-eight persons. . T
; He lived a -fortnight in all the splendor
of Oriental, opulence at a* fashionable Lon
don hotel, where he had dropped in un
announced ; and unconcernedly engaged
twenty-three rooms..' In • spite of - the
publicity which' such an 'arrival was
bound to create, 'he has left England'as
much in : thei dark as to his identity ; as
when he arrived. The India Office has,is
sued an official announcement that there
is no such -Indian chief aor "Prince Ranji
of Beluchistan," but neither condemns
the mysterious stranger nor clears up 'his
Identity, as Ranji is palpably an assumed
name. . \u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
When interviewed in London, where he
by no means' courted publicity, Prince
Ranji declined to say whence he 'came,
but he once oracularly remarked: "I am
a king." Whether he is or is 'not asking,
he certainly lived like one, spending enor
mous sums of money. The .retinue which
sailed with him included " musicians who
produced from weird instruments still
more weird sounds. A dancing girl formed
a prominent part of the daily entertain
ments which the suite provided for thoir
master, who spent most of his time in
bed. He is a man of fine physique, dark
skinned and handsome. All his food was
prepared in accordance with the strict
est Oriental usages by his own servants,
who wore gorgeous robes and were night
ly marshaled by a r major-domo for ex
ercise in an adjoining, park.
This mysterious party will, it is said,
make a tour of Canada and the United
States, returning to England in time for
King Edward's coronation.
CARNEGIE IK" FAVOR :
OF AMERICAN CANAL
Former Steel Magnate Asserts That
. Great Britain Has Displayed
Good Judgment.
LONDON, Oct. 26.— Andrew Carnegie an
nounced last night that he will preserve
an impartial, attitude' in relation- to the
municipal campaign in New York. Deal
ing with the Nicaragua Canal question,
Carnegie said: \u25a0 , ' >'
"Great Britain has acted with rare good
sense. ' The canal ought to be American —
built wlth'American money and by Ameri-'
can: workmen and American brains— and
now it will be. There is no doubt Great
Britain \ will eventiurfly be the greatest
beneficiary, and will have no reason to re
pent the course she has adopted." \
In regard j to • the I rumors of • a possible
English: steel trust? Carnegie laughingly
declared he was now. out of the business
and did -not know or care anything, more
about it..; - •;\u25a0? : 'J,- , '•;; v
Sunset Limited
Resumes on "December; 6— triweekly trips
from San Francisco for New Orleans and
New Tork— continuing to afford the very
highest class of ' service and ' equipment,
and by . far the - most widely interesting
winter journey across the continent.
Pauncefote Returning to America.
• LONDON. Oct. -26.— Lord Pauncefote. the
British Ambassador to the -United "States,
and Lady Pauncefote; Andrew Carnegie
and Mrs. Carnegie and Ada Rehan trav
eled by the American line, special train
this morning from London to join the
steamer St. Louis at Southampton, bound
for New York.. The United States \Charge
d' Affaires, Henry White, was among those
who bid farewell to Lord Pauncefote. '
BREST, France, Oct. 26.— Presiding at
the launch to-day of the armored cruller
Leon Gambetta, the Minister of Marine,
M. de 'Lannesan.-said she' was one of a
new contingent of upward of 100 warships,
each of which will possess perfect fight
ing qualities. Unless unforeseen difficul
ties occurred abroad the : naval pro
gramme would be completed in the time
fixed by the Chamber, and then France
would enjoy at sea the same security that
her. numerous solid battalions . assured her
on the Continent of Europe.' . ••
. While the French vessels were more
costly they were- also worth more than
the ships of other" maritime nations, he
said. \u25a0 The French navy was directing Its
efforts to the fighting quality of its ships,
rather than to numbers. . Only strong
nations could hope to honorably preserve
peace and liberty. - -. .
Minister of Marine Gives an
Outline of Nation's
Policy.
An'Immense Number of
Costly Warships Are
to Be Built. 7
-\u2666 £
Opulent Personage With His
Suite Will Visit New -
, . York.
Londoners Baffled by a
Mysterious Visitor's
Conduct. '^ : -:c l
DUSKY KING
PUZZLES THEM
FRANCE LOOKS
TO HER NAVY
IRON RIVER, Wis.. Oct. 26.—Informa
tion just brought in from Beechwood, ten
miles . east of : this place,* states : that An
drew Israelson . shot his father-in-law,
mother-in-law, wife/ child and himself to
day. ; He also v burned down his home.
The Sheriff and-- Prosecuting Attorney
have gone i to the ; scene. It is thought
Israelson was -insane. --
Kills His Family and Himself.
PARIS, Oct. 26.— George ; Berry, a Na
tionalist member of the Chamber of Dep"^
uties; has' notified the Ministry of his in
tention 'to" Introduce 'a • motion, in- the
Chamber Instructing ' the - government , to
join mother nations in -.obliging. Great
Britain to remove the women,' children
and . aged people from the concentration
camps in South Africa to healthy, neutral
territory. ; . • -
Favors Relief for the Women.
' NEW YORK,: Oct. ; 26.— Counsel for Ro
land B.Molineux. to-day served notice of
a' motion to quash the indictment against
Molineux. . The motion will come up be
fore'Judge McMation in the Court of "Gen
eral Sessions next Wednesday, i The mov
ing papers urge the s dismissal of the
Molineux indictment on the grdund of il
legal-'and insufficient evidence. In the
event of a denial of the motion I to quash
the- indictment, there is an alternative
motion for. an inspection of the minutes
of the Grand Jury that indicted the de
fendant. . ,- •
Striving for Molineuz's Release.
LONDON, Oct; 26.— The Spanish steam
er Ganecogorta, Captain Ichande, from
New Orleans, September 28, for Barce
lona and Malaga, has arrived at Barce
lona with fire in her hold.
The German tank steamer Willkomaen,
Captain , Schan, . outward bound from
Hamburg for New York, has returned to
port :damaged | by . collision in the Elbe
with the inward bound coaler Mereddido.
The coaler's f port bow- was cut. down, to
twelve feet below the water line and she
was run .aground to. escape sinking.
Imperiled Spanish Craft Arrives at
Barcelona and German Vessel
., : ; ;"•- -Is Damaged. .
STEAMER BEACHES POET
WITH FIRE IN THE HOLD
FALL RIVER, Mass.," Oct. 26.— A meet
ing of the Textile Council, at which all
the unions in the city were represented,
was held to-night, the letter of the manu
facturers refusing . an advance in wages
being discussed at length. The "council
decided that it would leave the matter
of a strike entirely in the hands of the
unions, which action-is in" line with their
previous "determination. It was decided
to hold general meetings of all. the. unions
next Wednesday night, at which time ac
tion /will : be* taken. It is said there is
little 'doubt that this action will be a
vote to strike.
There is a strong, sentiment here against
a strike, owing to the effect It will have
on all classes of business. ; -The. manu
facturers do. not take this view, however,
and' believe ; the operatives will strike. It
is possible that the Spinners' Union may
v ote not to striken This, however, will
have no s bearing upon the action: of the
other unions,' as it has been decided that
in case four of the five unions vote to
strike the vote shall become operative.
labor of Fall., River
i . Fail in Demand for Increase
' ; ' • \u25a0'-:-'- in Wages. 7...
UNIONS IN THE EAST
- TALK^OP A STRIKE
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE |
OE THE PACIi'IC COAST
Changes Made; in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
':* , Issued.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 26.— The Postoffice
Department to-day issued the following:
Postofflces .established: Oregon— Odell,
Klamath County, Eva M. Graves,- post
mistress. ' Postmasters' ' commissioned:
Oregon— George W. Tape, Mot- Lake.
"Washington — Helen Prosch. Seabeck. Ap
pointed: Oregon— W. E> Ldnnett, Bridal
Veil, Multnomah County, vice A. H..WI1
lett, removed. " \u25a0 .. ; :\u25a0 ... \u25a0\u25a0
These pensions .were granted: - Califor
nia—Increase— Frederick Hahn, San Fran
cisco,; $10; Johir Strube, San ; Diego.' 512;
William H. Crossman. Veterans' Home,
Napa, $10; LeviUllery, Downey, $8. Widow
—Katie White, Ventura, JS. . •
-jOregon — Increase — Thomas Hardy,
Pleasant Hill, . $10/- .--.
i Washington— Original, war with Spain—
Ismal O. Tyler, Kent, 136. Increase— Henry
S. Bixler, Des Moines,. $8; William H.
Richardson, Colby, $12; Truman M. Lamp
here, • Chewelah. $8. •\u25a0 Widow— Melissa H.
Tennihill. Everett, $8. .-
OmCElS OF 'A BANK " V
MTTSTT AWAIT GRAND JURY
National Examiner Busy. With Ac-
counts of a Defunct Institution
. v : . in"AlabamaL A / : , '\u25a0':\u25a0 -']..
MONTGOMERY, Ala., -Oct. 26.— S. H.
Dent, president, and E.R.' Young, cash
ier, of the , defunct Eufaula • Natlo'nal
Bank, came to Montgomery : to-night, in
company with W. S.* Reese, United States
District- Attorney. . D.v- S. Dessauere, a
rational bank examiner, is In Eufaula in
vestigating the affairs of the bank. Reese
has decided • not to • - make an affidavit
against the officers of the bank,- prefer
ring to await the action; of* the Federal
Grand < Jury, which .will meet November
4. ; Reese said the examiner, had not com
pleted his investigation. -'..-;
• i The bank , officials are = in : a controversy
with > former ; Governor ; Oates, ,who , con
tends that, he had 537,000 in bonds in the
bank f or \u25a0 safekeeping. ! • The officials con
tend, the bonds were on "deposit and-Gov-"
ernor ; Oates; should Be treated; as other
creditors.: :' • . : . "
Senators Approve .th« Treaty.
\u25a0WASHINGTON,' ; Oct. 26.^-Senatorial
calls ; at I the State ' Department , are [ being
resumed. J Very \u25a0 few Senators have . failed
to communicate their views - to" the '; State
Department respecting^ the i J lines - upon
which ' the new , Hay-Pauncefote treaty
should be ' drawn ; dnd r the State Depart
ment is satisfied it has now. succeeded In
framing a convention that will; meet with
the complete;, acquiescence ''of the Sena
torial ; leaders.- This is ; true even of some
of the Democratic Senators. --- •
Need of National
-BUFFALO? N. .Y./» Oct. ; ; 26.-|-The annual
session 'of >the Association* of
Collegiate Alumni closed to-day.;: The pro
gramme I included I an I address i by*- Charles
F.- Thwing, ; president of the • Western Re
serve *Unlveraityf on • VThe Desirability of
aVNatlonal University." :. " •/ -
One of the striking signs of discontent
within the circles - traditionally Govern
mental is found in , the fact'that the Cam
bridge Union has passed a resolution -to
the effect that the Government alone Is
responsible for the prolongation of the
war. . This aristocratic debating society
is composed mainly of those who are re
lated or acquainted with the ruling class
and who have hitherto always warmly
supported the Government's South Afri
can policy. A reversal of feeling in such
a great university as Cambridge means,
perhaps, more than any demonstrations
or political meetings.
Rumors were rife^ regarding Cabinet
changes during the early part of the
week. It was persistently said that Sir
Michael Hicks-peach, the Chancellor of
the Exchequer, - whose relations- with
Chamberlain have never been cordial, was
determined to step. out. and Hanbury, the
president of the Board of Agriculture, it
was said, was to succeed him. Inquiries
made, however, point to the fact that Sir
Michael will remain in office,; though not
very willingly, and that no serious Cabi
net shake-up is likely to occur in the near
future. . \u25a0 .. . - '\u25a0• \u25a0 . . •
Go vernment , Alone Responsible.
: There is no end of criticism current re
garding the Government's conduct of the
war in South Africa, but it emanates
chiefly from those whom Chamberlain in
his speech last night characterized as his
candid friends. The outcry does not ap
pear to strengthen in the slightest the
chances of the Liberal party.
R. C. Lehmann, who has just resigned
the editorship, of the Dally News, in an
article in this week's Speaker admits that
he sees no hope for liberalism until it
has acquired and put forward a strong,
definite policy in regard to South Africa.
To do this, he confesses, would mean the
loss to the party of some of its most
prominent supporters, but he maintains
that even this is better than the present
impotency. ~-
Conduct of the Boer War.
LONDON. Oct. 26.— A special from Brus
sels says:. The relations between Holland
and Great Britain ' again appear to be
somewhat strained.? According to intel
ligence which is being circulated here,
Great Britain asked -Holland to recall her
Consul at Pretoria because he was sus
pected of facilitating treasonable corre"
spondence.- Holland has given the Consul
Indefinite leave of absence. : . - ,-..
\u25a0? A Pietermaritzburg - special says : Lord
Alfred Mllner,!/. replying ; to an address
from, the corporation, said he hoped his
visit to Natal would lead toa few tenta
tive steps in the direction of 'his 'desire,
'.''peaceful-.and.- prosperous' South Africa;
one great •- community . under the - British
flag. But," added Lord Mllner, | "let us
not count on r it coming in a hurry."
Alma Stencel of San , Francisco, who is
only 13 years of age, .made her debut
here to-night; appearing at a concert with
the Philharmonic. Orchestra, i Miss Stencel
was highly successful. .... \u25a0 : •\u25a0
The ,"Freis!nn!ge Zeitung indorses the
above remarks, but says the fault Is not
with the system" of government, but In
the fact that'.these African colonies, ex
cept in quite unimportant districts, are
wholly worthless and cannot be improved
by any sort of. recipe; :\ \u25a0\u25a0: . •\u25a0 -
The Colonial Zeitung, organ of the Co
lonial Bureau and the Colonial Secretary?
rejects Professor Meyer's plans,; which it
says would injure the colonies immensely.
The Freisinnlge Zeitung points to the
fact that self-government 'is -impossible
for German East Africa, since there are
only 286 Germans there. • .: '
The Taegliche Rundschau asserts that
the present system of government from
Berlin has not satisfied the friends of the
colonies and that Germans who live in
Africa are affected by colonial pessim
ism.' .'The paper adds; that: the present
state of things cannot be improved by
festivities, patriotic speeches and the cir
culation of literature. , . -.
"WoulS Injure Colonies.
, Professor Hans Meyer, who has traveled
in the colcmies, recently wrote a series
of articles for the Taeglfche Rundschau,
arguing in favor of a~radlcal change in
the system of governing the colonies. He
says "•the Government must abandon the
centralization which ate Berlin, holds the
colonies in bonds, claiming it is better to
give them self-govenrmentyand'to abolish
the appropriation* .for the col
onies, except in the case of providing for
the, troops and- naval lor their
protection. <r. ;, '.ivc,^ w. N
The Cologne Volks Zeitung refers to,al
leged attempts 'in American newspapers
to create an anti-German sentiment by
the assertion that Germany wants to es
tablish colonies in South America, ad
mitting that the. Pan-German newspapers
have given abundant cause therefor. The
paper classifies the whole idea as being
among the most splendid castles built in
the, air. The Cologne Volks Zeitung also
says it will 'be one hundred to one. that
suspicions will- be cast upon > Germany's
policy, because she has decided to estab
lish an information bureau in .- Berlin for
emigrants, under the management of an
official who was formerly a German Con
sul in South America. -. : . ,• . \u25a0"
Colonial affairs and the establishment
of the emigration bureau have been wide
ly.: discussed during the week. The ob
ject, of the bureau is to^gulde German
emigration into the colonies, but the press
is largely skeptical of Its success. \u25a0 *
The Cologne Volks Zeitung calls this
Utopian, and also regards Dr. Wagner as
being wrong in thinking President Roose
velt intends to * adopt a harsher policy
toward Great Britain, since the latter has
already conceded- all that the United
States wants.i- • • . '-. i
No Harsher Policy.
The paper continues: "The Pari-Ameri
can'ideals solely, capable of development
upon the basis of' the subjection, of 'all
America to the hegemony of the United
States. The republics of Anglo-Saxon and
Latin Apierica differ so greatly respecting
territorial conditions and the composition
of the populations that a closer union is
only conceivable upon the pre-supposltion
of a decisive predominance^ of .the United
States.". • --.:;/ . ,
'Dr. Hans "Wagner discusses the subject
at length in Der Tag. He says the Mon=
roe doctrine no longer means America for
Americans, but North Americans. Dr."
Wagner hopes for an international com
mission which will prepare a well merited
grave for the Monroe phrase. --. '. •>•"
. * BERLIN, Oct. 26.-The ., Pan- American
Congress at the City of , -Mexico has caused
much -press discussion here, \ the' general
tone of which is belittling and skeptical
of its success.' It. is .interpretedvas being
a scheme of the United States to increase
itsrinfluence over. Latin "America. An al
liance between the United; States and the
latter is regarded ; as I chimerical, owing
to: the radical- differences, the only,con
nection between them being: .pronounced
tD -be merely geographical. . *
SS There"fore," says \the: i Berlin Neueste
Nachrichten, "Pan-Americanism 'is; more
lacking >in a practical ••' basis , than Pan-
SlaviBm;". ... -•;..,, \u25a0 / ,, -
Dr. Wagner Would Like to
See the Burial of the
: \u25a0 v, Mon roe D octrine. ;
Conduct of the South African
; War Continues to Worry
v Britain} ;' '
Pan-American Congress
' Is Causing Much
J' •, • . Discussion/ . '. :">
Relations Between Eng
land and; Holland
Are Strained.
GERMANS WATCH
UNITED STATES
SERIOUS CHARGE
CAUSES BREACH
THE SAN FBAyCISCOvCALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1 901.
By Cato\& to;The &an Francisco Gall.
IN THE EUROPEAN CAPITALS.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— General Wade
has Issued a circular In Southern Luzon
doing away with the Spanish . title . of
"don, senor, senora and senorlta," • and
giving for those appellations the American
equivalent of Mr., Mrs. and Miss.
Gives American Equivalent
MADRID, Oct. 26.— In the Senate to
day Senor Molina Interrogated the Gov
ernment regarding the- negotiations be
tween SDain and. the United States fora
commercial treaty and the earnest desire
of the shipping interests of Porto Rico
that a treaty be concluded.
•The Foreisn Minister replied that the
Government wished to do everything to
promote national prosperity. !
20
_ NEW V ADyEBTTSEMENTS.
\ FAKE HAIR PBiBPAEATIONS f
Do Hair No Good,' But Often Cause It
- to Pall'Out. .
v Many hair preparations are "fake" be-
cause'; they ; are ;. merely .scalp irritants.
They often cause a x dryness; > making the
hair and, . finally, i lifeless. - " Dan-
druff is the cause of all trouble with hair.
It . is", a 'eerm disease.,; The germ makes
cuticle ; scales ; as" it digs to the , root of the.
hairi where" it destroys, the" hair's vitality;
causing . the hair, to fall out. .\ To cure dan-
druff, « the 'germ must -,be " killed. *v ."Destroy
the ; cause, i you | remove ' the "effect." .- New-
bro'siHerpIclde'is the only ~\ hair .prepara-
tion ' that' kills the dandruff ; germ, thereby
Reaving the hair to grow luxuriantly.
Personal
Magnetism
How /Prominent Hen Develop This
Power and Use It to Influence
N . : Others-^Women, Too, Adepts "
in This Mysterious
A Reporter Makes Astounding Dis-
coveries— Secret Methods Which
Charm and Fascinate the
Human Mind..
High Priests of the Occult Reveal
Jealously Guarded Secrets :of
Years-Two Wonderful New
( Books by Prominent
New York Men.
| Two wonderful new books entitled "Suc-
cess end How to "Win'It". and "The Secret
of Power" have just been issued at 5 an
expense of over $5000, by one of the lead-
ing colleges of the city of : New Tork.
These ' books are from the pens of :• th.-j.
ablest specialists of modern times..' Tha
authors gave away the copyright on con-
dition that 10,000 copies should t>e : distrib-
uted to the public free of /charge. Th?
Columbia' Scientific Academy is now com-
plying with this contract and until the
edition of 10,000 copies is "exhausted "you
can*get copies of both these books abso-
lutely free. Both books - are profusely
Illustrated with the most expensive half-
tone engravings. They are full of won-
derful secrets and startling surprises, and
they thoroughly explain the real source
of the power of personal influence.
fully and completely reveal the funda-
mental principles of success and influence
in every walk of life. The hidden mys-
teries of personal magnetism, will power
and scientific character reading are ex-
plained in an intensely Interesting man-
ner. Two secret methods of personal
influence are described, which positively
enable'any intelligent person to exercise
a -marvelous Influence and- control over
any one whom he '• may • wish. -These
methods are entirely new and have, never
bef ore been made public. A reporter has
tried them personally and can vouch for
their wonderful power. .
The books also ) describe absolutely i cer-
tain methods by which you can read the
character, secrets and lives of every one
you meet. No, one can deceive you. You
can tell what vocation is best for you- to
follow. You can know the secret, power
by which minds of human beings -are
charmed aria" fascinated. • The newest,
latest and best system of physical and
mental culture and magnetic healing . 13
fully explained and illustrated by beauti-
ful half-tone engravings. No such .books
have ever before been published. Nonsuch
wonderful Information has ever before
been placed in the hands of the public.
On account, of the mighty . power and
influence placed in one's hands by these
books Yhe Legislature of the State of New
York debated whether or not the State
ought to permit their promiscuous circu-
lation, but it was anally decided the good
they would "< accomplish . would^greatly
overcome the Jil, and their . distribution
was not interfered • with. .•• *
Not long- ago" John D. Rockefeller, the
richest man in America, said, in talking
to a Sunday school class, that he regarde t
his success In lite largely due to his
ability to influence others. Lincoln, Lee,
Napoleon and Alexander the Great all
won fame and renown by their wonderful
power of personal influence. Jay Gould
piled up millions by this same power. J.
Vi Morgan organized the -.Dilnon-dollar
steel trust and enriched himself by mil-
lions simply by his marvelous ability to
influence others. .There are to-day thou-
sands of men with twice the brains and
education of Mr. Morgan who are prac- |
tjcally paupers. They have the ability to
organize a trutt, but they have not suffi-
cient -power of personal influence. Per-
sonal influence, will -power, stamina— call
it what you will — has from the creation
of man been the subtle force that has
brought wealth, fame and renown to
those who were fortunate enough to
possess it.
This strange, mysterious influence is
inherent in every human being." By the
late methods explained by the New Tork
specialist In human cuKure any intelli-
gent person can develop a wonderfully
magnetic personality and learn how to
read the character, secrets and the lives
of ethers in a 'ew days' study at his own
home. • You can use this marvelous power
without the knowledge of your most
intimate friends and associates. You can
use it to'- obtain lucrative employment, to
secure an advance in salary, to win ] the
friendship and influence of • others, to
obtain a . greater share of happiness from
life. You can be respected, honored and
become a leader in your community.
If<you are not fully satisfied with your
present condition and circumstances; if
you long for greater success or more
money; if -you are not able to influence
others to the extent you desire, the re-
porter would advise you to write at once
for free copies of the great works now
• being given -away by the Columbia
Scientific Academy. ~ • -
Mrs. R. C. Young of 312 Indiana street, Law.
rence, Kansas, recently sent for "copies of the
books. . After carefully examining them and
testing- the methods of personal influence on
her friends and associates, she makes the fol-
lowing statement in a letter to a friend: "The
instructions given by the Columbia Scientific
Academy have been worth to me more than
all the previous reading of my life. I wish
every woman In this country could read their
trand books."
Fred Perkins . of South Haven. Michigan,
says: "I have been In srreat demand since I
read the works of the Columbia Scientific
Academy.' People are amazed and mystified at
the things I do. I' believe I could make $33
per day reading character alone if I were to
charge for my services. If any one would have
told 1 would receive. so much : wonderful la-
formation I would have thought him crazy."
Mrs. . M. Effie "Watson of Martinsvllle. In-
diana, says: "Could I have had access to-
such i information in past . years I could have
avoided . many misfortunes. The works of the
Columbia Scientific Academy shall be my guld-
insr star. the remaining days of my life/' '
If you will send your name and address
to the Columbia Scientific Academy De-
partment 322 S, 1931 Broadway, New York
City, both of the above books will be
sent to you absolutely free, postage nre>.
paid. On account of the - great expensA
involved in preparing these books, the"
Columbia Scientific Academy requests
that only people who are especially inter-
ested write for free copies-only those
a^b^r^r^^orf^^. 8 "^ 633
:/ <^Ke;Wf AK I
f^p^^p-MEN and
\u25a0^mllfflpi women
""^^^ftL^iiBf^^ C d Q Obta1n ren « w -
/V' * \<^Y\ V "ELXCTBICBELT"
and Appliances. ; Drujs do not cure." Elec-
tricity hrthe^ remedy! Buy no Belt unui
new*" "BookU* v« °* .F n *i.* 2c «t«nP for
EWncnRTr nn^%J" V Aadr «» PIERCE
ELECTRIC > CO., 206 Po«t St.. San jw
Torkl " • Ea8tern ..<*flc^-U« BrMLdway.^ew
BRUSHES ss R fc BA t # ERs b *k
**A»w V/AJL Ad fc#ers, bootblacks, ba»h-
dyers. \u25a0 flourmllls, foundries, IaundVi'es - £S
hangers, ,.! Drinters. cainters. shoe ™ Victories
stablemen, tar-roofers.; tanners, tailors etc
1 : BUCHANAN BROS, v -
Brush Manufacturers, 609 SacramsntoS*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUCTION
The following choice and select list oj
improved and unimproved properties will, ,
be .sold for the heirs of the late WUliansl
A. 'Piper, at our salesroom, Monday. No--
vember 11th, 1901, at 13 o'clock noon.
Subject to conflrmation by the STiperio?
Court. Gustave H. Umbsen, Sole Beferee. |
212 WASHINGTON STREET,
Between Front and Davis streets. Im-
provements consist of frame building.
Kent $60 per month. Lot 22x120 to Orejon
street* " * . '" \u25a0 \u25a0
712-714-716 KEARWY STREET,
Southeast corner of Merchant street.
Improvements consist > of * substantial
three-story and basement bride building,
containing two stores and lodging-house.
Rents $300 per month. Lot 40x53:9.
624 MARKET STREET.
Between Montgomery and Kearny. Im-
provements consist of a two-story and
basement brick building. " Kent $373 per
month. Lot 20x80.
1450-1452-1454-1456AND 145* )
FRANKLIN .-STREET. '
Southeast corner of Bush. This cholca
investment consists of two corners "with,
five elegant two-story and basement
hous33 of 14 rooms and bath each. Xlenta
1315 per month. Lot 120x114:6. -
ALSO
Two desirable building lots 25x120 each.
Fronting on Bush street and Fern avenue.
237-239-241-243 AND 245
- THIRD STREET,
Northeast corner - of - Clementina street,
between How.ard and Folsom streets. Im-
provements consist of frame building, con-
taining six stores. Bents $121 per month.
Lot 50x105. i
1451-1453-1455.1457 AND 1459
FRANKLIN STREET,
Southwest corner of Bush street. Choice
investment, consisting of two corners,
with five elegant two-story and basement
residences of 14 rooms and "bath each.
.Rents $350- per month. Lot 120x144 :9t
1212 TO 1226 POLK STREET,
Southeast corner of BusH street. This
choice business property consists of two
corners and is*close to the transfer point
of Sutter and Polk streets. Improve-
ments consist of 8 stores and 3 flats with
frame building:. No. 1325 Bush street.
Rents $331 per month. Lot 120x100. Tuxea
frontages. -\u25a0 - , , . > ,
219 FRONT STREET, , ! r
Between California and Sacramento
streets. Improvements consist of a two-
story and basement brick building. Rents
5140 per month.. Lot 25xST;S. . \
225 AND 227 THIRD STREET,
Southeast corner of Tehama street. j
Choice business corner. Consists of fraxn«
Improvements, containing stora and flat
above. Rent $60 per month. . Lot 80x80.
NORTHEAST CORNER SUTTER
AND GOUGH STREETS.
This choice corner would pay hand-
somely if properly improved. Lot 70txl2X,
Three frontages. '. .
WALLISTER STREET, f'p
Near junction of Market and Jones
streets. This choice business property
could be made to yield handsomely if
properly improved. Lot 123x87:6. Irreg-
ular. " ; V J ;- J
CITY HALL AVENUE. '
Between Leavenworth and City Hall
Square. Two choice building lots. 25x100
each.
BUSH STREET,SOUTH SIDE,BE-
TWEEN LARKIN AND POLK.
Sight desirable and choice building lots,
25x120 each. Two frontages. To be offer-
ed separately.
SOUTHWEST CORNER BUSH
AND LARKIN STREETS.
Four desirable building lots, consisting of
two corners, 27:6x30 and 35x112:8 each.
GIFT, MAP NO. 3.^
Elsie street, west line, between Esmeralda
and Virginia streets. Lots 364-366-367 and
368. 83x70 each. <V
\u25a0 \u25a0 \ \u25a0
POTRERO.
Portion of Block 620. Lot 200x200. Thre©
frontages.
Portion of Block .513. Lot 100x150. Two
frontages.
- Portion of Block 513. Lot 100x400. Threa
f rontazes.
Portion of Block 514. Lot 100x400. Threa
frontages.
. Portion of Block 441. ' Lot 100x400. Three
frontages. . , *
Portion of Block 466. Lot 100x400. Three
frontages.
• Portion of Block 492. Lot 100x300. Two
frontages. v
Portion of Block 475. Lot 100x300. Two
frontages. '- - . .
Portion of Block 512. Lot .100x200. Two
frontages. , -\u25a0
-For catalogue and further particulars,^
apply to Jl
<LH. UMBSEN SCO./
14 Montgomery Sti
ADVERTISEMENTS. f fn£f&
an mm
Cttarrh has become such a common
disease that a person, entirely free from
this disgusting complaint is seldom met
with. It is customary to speak of Catarrh
es nothing more serious than a bad cold,
a simple inflammation of, the nose and
throat.' It is, in fact, a complicated and
very dangerous disease ; if not at first, it
very soon becomes so.
The blood is quickly contaminated by
the foul secretions, and the poison through
the general circulation is carried to all
parts of the system."
Salves, washes and sprays are unsatis-
factory and disappointing, because they do
not reach the seat of the trouble. . S. S. S.
does. It cleanses, the blood of the poison!
and eliminates from the system all catar-
rhal secretions, and thus cures thoroughly
and permanently the worst cases.
Mr. T. A. Williams, a. leading? dry-goods mer-
chant of Spartanburg. S. C, writes: " For years
I had a severe case of .
nasal Catarrh, with all \u25a0JEZ^ij&pi'
the disagreeable effects Mr v«
which belong to that B ~j 1SL
disease, and which n jBSa
cake life painful and '1J&I tjw*-*^
unendurable. I used 1^^ jK* ' '
medicines prescribed by \ J! v tfv
leading physicians and \mnL *T
suggested by numbers • y^^/|' • \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
of fncads. but -without Vrar*^*^. ««^
Cctting any better. . I - •*=* J&h^fJZh2lsr
then began to take S. S. "V^\tI^^#|^^
.S. It had the desired «^^^M§ ,
effect, and cured me 1^!^
after taking eighteen " 3 «!3ssS57~ sJu^xSS^k
bottles. In my opinion S. 6. S. is the only medi-
cine now in use that will effect a permanent cure
of Catarrh."
S§kw K/> etable blood purifier
n». known, and the great-
L^m L^JS est of all blood medi-
If you have Catarrh don't wait until it
becomes deep-seated" and chronic, but be-
gin at once the use of S. S. S., and sent'
for our book on Blood and Skin Diseases
end write our physicians about your case.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA, GA.
',. . '• ' Tumors and Wens perma- '
; nently cured in from one to
;' three minutes* treatment, by
use of the hypodermic needle. ,
This method cures in every .
case, as it instantly kills every
- disease germ and every dis- j
eased fiber. No need to suffer
from the knife or from red hot
plasters, when we offer you the
opportunity to be positivsly
cured by an approximately ' j
painless method. It will pay
you to investigate. We can
cure you for less money . than
any doctors on earth.
DBS. J. L. BOHANNON
A1TD ADDIE EPPS.
Office and Sanitarium, : 12 Turk
street, San Francisco, CaL:
/s*yW? *$4* ***** "**\u25a0 *?*/ V
iBDTTLMUf T it DjiiULERYi
(teefm/feMerfcd/Dep&fme/jfs of the
'IL5.ARMY NAVY ServiceI
.^William Wolff & co.
\u25a0 <SAN fRAKClSCO." J £>ISTOIBUTORS.t
£ewere cf/.-Kitersoni <,„ rtjfttc* Botttts. '
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
- •» OF THS
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
Transatlantic Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A, D. 1800. and for the
year on that day, as made to the In-
rurance Commissioner of ' the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the Provisions of Sections
€19 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. .
. Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $554,715 00
Cash in Company's Office and in '
, Banks 13,773 72
Certificates of Deposit in hands of
Trnstees : , 20,032 74
Interest due and accrued on aU Stocks
and Loans 4,755 00
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 61,619 25
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
far Fire and Marine Risks 218 90
Zhie from other Companies for Re-ln-
Buxance on losses already paid.. ' 179 93
Tetml Assets .*6S5,8Vt 54
T.TA'RTT.I'J'l Vft %
Losses adjusted and unpaid tS.lt! 50
Xjoeses in proem of Adjustment or In
Suspense J3.S17 JJ
\u25a0 losses resisted. Including expenses.... 10,727 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one Tear or Iras, $265,235 73; re-in-
enrance SO per cent 182 647 J7
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running'
more than one year. $197,943 72; re-
insurance pro rata 107 659 «
All other Inabilities '.. 15)354 17
Total Inabilities $S45.273 72
INCOME. . ' —
3Cet cash actually received for Fire
premiums $423 41121
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from all
other, sources .--•.•••••.«.•••••...... ' 17 427 2JI
Received from Home Ofllce 67^829 98
Total Income ..:.......... .$198.678 47
EXPEITDrTTJRES. • .
I7et amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding JS0.SO8 IS, losses of previous *
years) » tiri 170 «*
Paid or allowed for Commission £** u * iv 8 *
Bro&er&cc ••..../•••*. ••••......... ini un i«
. Paid for Salaries, Fees and othef
.«5?? rRes i or ° noer8 ' clerks, etc 28,883 ES
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ;....\ 13 SSI SA
All other payments and expenditures.. «!26S 39
Total Expenditures »6».4ig 30
• Rlska and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums."
JTet amount of Risks '• "'- . " '
written dfirlns. the ">•.
year •--••-— JS5.987.93S *658,92« 88
Net amount of Risks »«-<».».• es
expired durlns the '
year. 78.543.931 80Lr«82
Net amount In force ,««.«<•»,
Deoember 31. 1900... • 42.960.4U 883.239 48 :
ADOL.PH LOEB.-n. S. Manarir~-
Subecribed and sworn. to before me, this 30th
day or January. 190L
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public. '
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
ESTABLISHED IN 18T2,
213 SAN SO ME STREET,
S A2f FRAXCISCoi CAL.
V. CARUS DRIFFIELD, Manager.
H. DANKER, Assistant Manager.
ADVERTISEMENTS. i ' . .\u25a0\u25a0. '-.'-.-
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
Send Name and? Address To-Day—You
Can Have It; Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life;
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
-.- - •\u25a0•. :. : tl w. knapivm.^d. . \u25a0 ; ." \u25a0•\u25a0-' \u25a0 \u25a0_\u25a0,.''.. : -.(;•;
Bow any man may quickly cure himself after been extraordinary. , It • has completely braced
year* of raOerln* from sexual weakness, : lost me . U P- " I ' am Just . as vi»e»rous as ' when a. boy
larre small, weak organs to full size and vigor. Results were exactly what I needed" Streairth
Eimply \u25a0end your name and address to. Dr.'L.; and. vi»or; have completely returned ' and^n..
W '^ uU b»Ud"V. Detroit. Mich. . largement , is entirely . satisfactory.?, ',. -, i ™
r?U \u25a0Jir^2on/^th«t end the frM r~eipt ;with .."Dear Sir-Yours was received «ad I had no
lrl^S^i^ h %a^ : & y^ I lo 5?.^ f .nd he want, every^\u25a0 WASHINGTON, : : Oct. • 26.— About : fifty
members' of : the. Supreme Council of the
Scottish Rite Masons,' In .biennial -session
here, called on President Roosevelt to-day
They, were introduced Individually by Rep
resentative Richardson Of Tennessee, their
recently j elected > sovereign" { grand v- com
mander.- The President had. a few words
to \u25a0 say to each : of i them, \u25a0 and j to ! some of
the '.Western '• members" referred'* 1 to •- his"
hunting, trips In' their States..: *'-.'.'\u25a0•< .'':'-:
Masons \u25a0' Visit the President.
DETROIT, Mich., ' Oct. 26.— The condi
tion of Miss Blanche Bates, who has been
ill with typhoid-malaria at Grace Hospi
tal in this city since she came here as the
star in "Under Two Flags" a month ago.
is such as to cause alarm. She suffered
a relapse "last Wednesday.- and has not
rallied .from its- effect as her physicians
expected she would. The fever . has sap
ped her- strength to such an extent that
she- can recover only after a long, harri
struggle. :
Dr. W. R. McLarn, who has charge of
the case, said to-nisrht that Miss Bates
was 'resting comfortably, and he hopes
that to-morrow will bring a change for
the better in her condition. Miss Bates'
mother has not left her, bedside »lna» »h»
was. taken sick, , » r, ,
Expected Change for the Better" in
•'\u25a0; Her Condition Has Not ;
Occurred.
BLANCHE BATES' ILLNESS
CATJSES SOME ALARM
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 26.— Two more
bodies have been recovered from the ruins
of Hunt, Wilkinson & ; Co.'s ibuilding,
which was . yesterday . destroyed by fire,
making the number of known dead twen
ty-one. The bodies are so badly charred
as to be unrecognizable.
It will be several: days before the num
ber of fatalities can be definitely deter
mined, 'r Up to % this i- time the police and
'firemen have the names' of eighteen peo
ple, (including a_- number . of , women, who
are unaccounted* for: " In ' order to ' deter
mine "the numbed- of missing.* officials of
the -Department of • Public -.Safety began
a systematic search to-day of all the hos
pitals and homps of the: employes of the
firm. To facilitate the work of recovering
and identifying the dead a meeting of the
firm i and the employes .was • held this
morning. \u25a0\u25a0* The members also met the fire
marshals and building inspectors to dis
cuss the -cause .of - the fire. \u25a0• . .
Philadelphia Authorities Make .Vig
orous Efforts to Locate Persons
Who Are Missing. \u25a0 ' : ;
MOBE BODIES* ITHJND
IN RTJINS AFTER FIRE
SIOUX FALLS.' S. D., Oct. 26.— Judge
Jones td-day .dissolved the marriage ex
isting between Mr. and -M/s. Fred Geb
hardt, granting a divorce; to the wife on
her crossbill of complaint. Both parties
are given liberty to remarry and Mrs.
GebHardt Is awarded $1000 for, costs and
attorney; fees.- '. .•-.'\u25a0•.'.' /
jGebhardt filed a suit for. divorce . from
his wife,- formerly Miss Morris of Balti
more) on", September 30 last. He alleged
tiiat she willfully deserted him' in Sep
tember,* 1899. ,Mrs. Gebhardt arrived here
to-day and immediately filed a crossbill
in which she "denied the alleged desertion
and asserted- that her husband In 1899
sent her away from his home to the home
of his niece at Newport and that he had
then taken 'up. bis -residence at the Wal
dorf-Astoria in New York, where he re
mained until tils removal to South Da
kota. - - ' • •-
At the hearing to»day:Mrs. Gebhardt's
allegations were corroborated by the tes
timony of her mother and brother. Judge
Jones decided- that Mrs. Gebhardt's
charges were sustained and granted the
decree accordingly. *
Rear Admiral Taylor was the original
selection of Secretary Long for Chief of
the Bureau of Navigation and the olllce
was tendered to him wnen it became va
cant through th.e retirement of Rear Ad
miral Ramsay. War. was then threaten
ing and the president of the Naval War
College urged his claim for sea duty, and
he received command of the battleship
Indiana. - . • -
Secretary Long In making the an
nouncement explained that the selection
of Rear, Admiral Crowninahleld as the
next commander of the European station
was in conformity with the request of
that officer that he be given a flag com
mand before his retirement for age In
March, 1905. -
Rear Admiral Bartlett J. Cromwell, who
now commands the European station, will
retire from active service on February 9.
Rear Admiral Sampson retires on the
same date. -,.:,. -
CALL BUREAU. 1408 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Oct- 26.— Rear Ad
miral A. S. C.rownlnshleld, Chief of ths
Bureau of Navigation, who since the close
of the Spanish war and the advent of the
Schley case before the public has been a
shining mark for criticism as -head of an
alleged "naval clique," Is to be supersed
ed as chief of the bureau by Rear Ad
miral H. C. Taylor, now a member of the
general board. of which Admiral Dewey la
president. »Thls change, which was fore
casted in the Call, was officially confirmed
this afternoon by the formal announce
ment that Rear Admiral Crowninshleld
had been selected to command the Euro
pean station, and that Rear Admiral Tay
lor would succeed him in the Bureau of
Navigation. As the change will not taka
place until next March there Is warrant
for the statement'that Us early announce
ment is made to forestall any criticism
which may arise over the outcome of the*
Schley court of Inquiry, an investigation
which is popularly supposed to have been
largely inspired by the Navigation 3u-
Rear Admiral Taylor
Named for Bureau of
Navigation.
Cross- Complaint Secures
I for Her , an Early
Divorce. ;
MRS. GEBHARDT
GIVEN DECREE
WILL SUCCEED
CROWNINSHIELD
WASHINGTON. Oct. 26.— General Chaf
fe« has recommended to the War Depart
ment that Lieutenant Russell T. Hazzard,
FIret Cavalry, commanding the Macabebe
Scouts, be given V- niedal of honor for
entering the camp of the. insurgents with
a few scouts at night in order "to effect
the capture of a deserter, which he ac
coxn;li£hed.
Deserves a Medal of Honor.
Concord to Believe Iowa.
, WASHINGTON. jOct. 26.— The Navy De
partment, has decided to send- the gunboat
Concord Instead of the cruiser Philadel
phia to Panama to relieve the battleship
Iowa, so that the last named vessel may
proceed down to the Chilean coast, and
dock for. necessary repairs. W r hen • the
Philadelphia-.returnedto the Mare Island
yard from her recent cruise along the Pa
cific Coast she was found to. be in need
of immediate repairs, which it would. take
some time to complete, - Repair work on
the \u25a0 Concord at the . same j yard is ' being
hurried and she will be ready to; sail for
Panama on November 2. ......_•, :.-" .>.: x
Recruits Needed- at . Manila.
r WASHINGTON, Oct. ; . 26.— A cablegram
hasbeenTrecelyed at, the .War Department
from General -Chaffee, asking that 600 re
cruits be; sent 'at. once* to Manila to fill
vacancies In several regiments. = General
Chaffee reports that the effective strength
of the army in Northern Luzon is 8000 less
now than en January l. "r •; \u25a0 . ;.'- • \u25a0•-,'
NEW TORK, Oct.' 26.— The Herald : has
exposed the New England Wireless Tele
graph and Telephone Company. This con
cern has as one of its figureheads James
N. Houston; who was "United- States
Treasurer under President Harrison, but
who felt forced -. to resign by reason of
misunderstandings with Harrison. Hous
ton's name and former official post are
duly exploited on the stationery of the
Wireless Telegraph Company.
Thomas B. Bishop is the company's
president The Herald Bhows that he has
been identified with- several questionable
enterprises. Including a bucket-shop for
women. The New England Wireless Tele
graph Company has been filling Eastern
newspapers with glittering prospectuses.
The institution has its headquarters in
delightfully furnished offices in Philadel
phia. • Just before the recent yacht races
Bishop .tried to induce Associated Press
bulletins by the obsolete Dolbear wireless
system. In- a contest at law Marconi has
shown that Dolbear has no standing as
an inventor of the system of wireless
telegraph that/ employs a "coherer."
Nevertheless this wireless company has
been selling stock rapidly, of late and em
ploys a large corps of typewriters to an
swer huge correspondence.
Manager Stone of the Associated Press
repudiated " Bishop's system and used
Marconi's exclusively at first, but Bish
op's tug. with a wireless outfit . aboard,
succeeded In Interfering .with Marconi's
transmission by setting up cross currents.
The Associated PreBS realized it could
send no satisfactory bulletins on account
of this Interference and was compelled to
make terms with Bishop. The latter took
advantage of this and exploited his yacht
race reports as an advertisement. - The
Herald felt compelled to expose the meth
ods of Bishop's company., . . -.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Tne father is willing to have the body
brought to Cleveland for burial, but the
matter lies with Waldeck. and until word
Is received from him the father Is at a Iosj
as to a statement for publication. The
elder Czolgosz • said he expected a letter
from Waldeck to-<Jay, but the mail facili
ties will not permit the delivery of a letter
from Auburn earlier *han Sunday morn
ing, if not Monday morning. r
Regarding the place of interment of the
body of the assassin. It can be stated on
authority that if he dies repentant his
body will be given what is known as a
Christian btirial, that Is. burial In conse
crs.ted ground: but further than this no
religious services will be accorded him,
an! no church public services can be held
ov.»r his body. His is what is known as an
"extraordinary" case, and the Bishop of
the diocese has Jurisdiction over it. £•}'.
The father has from the first beeu de-
Eiro.is of bringing the body of tne assas-
Fin "o Cleveland for burial, and Waldeck
Czolgosz and Thomas Bandowski went
Eas-: to arrange for that. Although no ar
rangements for the interment have been
mace, the father says he will bury the as
sassin's body in Cleveland, If he has to
buy a lot outside of a cemetery and form
a cemetery of his own.
Up to noon to-day Paul Czolgosz, the
father of the assassin, had received no
worl from his son, Waldeck, who is now
at Auburn. N. Y.. In consultation with the
prison authorities In reference to the dis
position of the body of the assassin after
his electrocution.
CLEVELAND, Oct. 26.— Although the
brother and brother-in-law of Leon Gzol
gosz, the murderer of. President McKlnley,
have been at Auburn, N. Y. f about a day
nothing has been heard from them by
Paul Czolgosz, the assassin's father, and
he does not yet know whether he will see
his coomed son alive a grain cr not.
"If the boy wants to see me, and the
police will let me see him, I will go there
at once," eaid the father through an inter
preter.
Wh=n Czohjosz's brother left the prison
this afternoon he stated that no decision
had t«en made as to the disposition of the
assassin's body after execution. He said,
however, that It would not be taken to
Cleveland.
AUBURN. X. T. t Oct. 26.— Czolgosz's
broth«.T, Waldeck, and a brother-in-law
arrived at the prison gate this morning.
The farmer was admitted, but the Warden
was not satisfied as to the latter's iden
tity, and he was not allowed to enter. It
is believed that the visit had something to
do with the claiming of the remains of the
assassin after his electrocution.
New York. Herald Ac
cuses Wireless Tele
graph Concern.
Relatives of Czolgosz Pay
a Visit to Auburn
Prison.
Unions Make Complaint
to President Roose
velt. \S'% :
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.-Jamea.O*Con
n'ell, president, \u25a0 and Hugh Doran- and
James A. . Reynolds, members of the ex
ecutive board of the International Asso
ciation of Machinists, had a talk with the
President to-day about labor- matters.
O'Connell made to the President some
statements regarding the" strike of .the
machinists in San Francisco; charging the
Government work is being done poorly by
the employment' of inferior workmen. in
place of strikers. •'. ...-. "
'.The President asked that O'Conriell pre
pare and submit to him a statement of
the facts in the case. — ;- '- • -. '
Senator Cullom and . Representative
Hopkins of Illinois saw the President to
day. The former was accompanied by
Thomas C.McMillen of Chicago, who pre
sented to the President the resolutions
adopted by the American Missionary, As
sociation approving 1 the course of the
President in inviting Booker T.WashJng
ton to dine with him. The President re
ceived the resolution and thanked the'as
sociation for its kind expressions. -
Hopkins, who is a member of the House
Committee on Ways and Means, is op
posed to the agitation for- the further \u25a0 re
duction' of internal revenue taxes for the
purpose of reducing the surplus. He be
lieves i the expenses oi the Government
will increase, especially. If an isthmian ca
nal is built, and that the present is a poor
time to cut off any revenue producing
taxes. ' •. \u25a0>-.\u25a0-- \u25a0 .
Cardinal Gibbons of Baltimore had a
talk with President Roosevelt - to-day by
appointment. \u25a0 He -.was I accompanied by
Father T. J. Stafford of this city. , They
decline to make public the purpose of the
conference. : . ' « .'
Secretary Boot, General Francis V.
Greene and Commander Cowles ate lunch
eon with the President to-day. \u25a0
Lay Claim to Adams': Estate.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 26— Johann Hubert
Wisner and his sister, ! Mrs. Andrew F.
Faschian, of San Francisco, have \ laid
claim to the $100,000 estate of. Dr. Charles
Adams, a pioneer physician, who, they as
sert, was their half-brother. Adams died
in August, 1899, leaving no will, and so far
as. known no blood relations. •/, Various
claims 'were filed, against the estate, but
none of the claimants until now has al
leged^kinship.',. . • .-
If You Live in a Den
That : is- decorated' with . pictures framed
in our. newest effects in moldings you will
be enamored of your surroundings..; .We
have received some new '* : shipments 6f the
daintiest narrow moldings imaginable in
bone \u25a0 ebonies; gilts,", light f and dark | oaks
and cherry, green and brpwn birches,-. with
matboards in every tint and color to suit
your fancy; 'i Sanborn, Vail &. Co.V 7U Mar
ket street. - , , ; •-.-..\u25a0.;-. \u25a0\u25a0•-. •
LABOR LEADERS
AT WHITE HOUSE
SAYS COMPANY
IS FRAUDULENT
PLAN TO BURY
ASSASSIN'S BODY
- NEW YORK,v^ Oct . 26.-^Marquia. Ilo; Dr. !
2.: ; KoyomaVv S: * Tokloka : and ? H: • Fyruya
will sail on the.Ryndamito-day for Hol
laneuv: -^ %" ; ' -r,..-^rr:^ \u25a0: •\u25a0\u25a0..•.'\u25a0; v---i*-
Marquis %%9 SaiJs, f or ; Holland.
' DENVER^ rOct.v:26^-MIke VUle, an
Italian.^to-night shot* John : Hjelni,' Qscar
Hill and \u25a0 W. " J.TPreeman' in aquarrel over
the ownership of a • saloon at f Nineteenth
aaid New Haven - streets: Hjelm , will : die
and ; the' others i are' seriously:, wounded.
Vitte" wa"B ] arrested."" He ."clalmB' the men
[were tryinsito swindle him, -"V -.
Italian Shoots Three Hen.
WASHINGTON, I " Oct; 1 26. .— President;
Roosevelt will be 43 years old to-morrow".
According to : the' % c\istom: of » the ;family,
the event wilLbe celebrated .with -a dinner;
in which the chlldrenjwill participate. ,,*,
President's ; Birthday TbrDay.
. \u25a0 SALT LAKE, "Utah, '\u25a0 Oct. 26.-A bad
cave-In -occurred: in" the --Highland Boy
mine, near here,. last night; Jn which" four
miners were entombed. After working
for twelve '.hours' rescuers : succeeded In
reaching and getting two of , the men out
alive. "The other two miners are still en
tombed. ! They are still alive, "However,'. f or
their signals can be heard quite "distinctly,
by- trie rescuers, who «are bending every
effort to reach their comrades. .-'. - -
Entombed by a^Cave-In.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— The Navy De :
partment has relected; Lieutenant'.Com-
mander Southerland ' to^ succeed*; Captain
C. C. Todd as chief hydrographer of . the
navy," and orders have been, issued detach
ing him from -the command 'of the Do!
. Commander ; Southerland has ' come 1 to
be regarded as an expert in hydrographic
work. He ! mada : the^ most definite survey
"yet had of the mouth of the Amazon, arid,
although S the ' work . was * conducted B from
the Dolphin ,wlth: great <.dlfflculty,-.owinif;
to -tlie/ lack -oIn suitable' appliances, am*
the constant heavy, swell on .the bar ,*> that
obstacla^to .navigation ; was successfully
and accurately-charted, a work of much
value ,to ; commerce. ;' "While i in ' commanrl
of the Dolphin, since that vessel has been
laid up at Boston for, repairs Commander
Southerland has been serving in the Navy
"Department, ad ; naval '• aidr to Secretary
Long.* Lieutenant Commander- Albert
Qleaveshas been ordered to the command
,o« the Dolphin. - \u25a0_ -\V->--;. ."\u25a0 \u25a0 .' .
COMMANDER '\ SOUTHEBLAND .'
; 1 : C5HIEF ; HYDE-OQRAPHER
' ALBANY,^ N. Oct. .26.— Justice pD:
Cady Herrlck; of the Supreme Court,' to
day denied- the application of-the Ameri
can. Ice Company and Charles W. Morse,
its ; president, for writs of-' absolute .pro
hibition to restrain the Attorney - General
from continuing, the proceedings '- against
the American . Ice Company, -to ascertain
If it has violated the State anti-trust law.
The decision of Judge Herfick will be ap
pealed, to the Appellate Division arid "to
the Court of Appeals. \u25a0 ;•\u25a0 t ~ .> .
Court' Denies the. Application.
To-day Assistant Secretary Taylor re
scinded this letter, and further instructed
the board to admit the Earl unless other
reasons for exclusion' man his conviction
In England- should appear.. Taylor pointed
out that Earl Russejl had been granted a
divorce -by I an American .. court, under
which grant he i.wasiat liberty to marry
again, and that in so marrying he was
guilty of.no crime against the, laws of the
United States or the, State. ' ; ; ,'. : - "
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— Earl Russell,
who was convicted by the House .of Lords
of bigamy for marrying, a second wife in
this country after he had been granted a
divorce in Nevada, is \u25a0 free to enter- this
country if he bo desires.
.Assistant Secretary Taylor of the Treas
ury, who has general jurisdiction -over im
migration; matters, '. so "de'cided to-day;
overruling the Commissioner of Immigra
tion. :" On Wednesday the latter, upon the
representation of "Horace J. Smith of
Philadelphia; who Is understood to be a
relative of the Earl's wife, that Earl Rus
sell had been convicted of bigamy and
was not admlssable under the laws ex
cluding persons convicted of crime or mis
demeanor:- "Involving .moral, turpitude,"
transmitted Smith's complaint' to • "the
Board -of Special Inquiry af Ellis' Island,
New York, for its information in"cotse he
was detained upon his arrival there by
the inspector. ' . ' V
Power's sat pale and motionless when
the verdict -was 7 announced by the fore
man, B. S. t Calevert, his old schoolmate.
Opposite Powers," oh the other side of the
courtroom with the attorneys, sat Arthur
Goebel, brother of the late Senator and
Governor, with' his, efes fixed on ..the
prisoner. \u25a0-.. \u25a0\u25a0';'--\u25a0 : .:"' \u25a0','\u25a0 ''\u25a0" ' '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ' t,- :" ; ''
The attorneys /of : Powers, shook ;hls
hand, expressing aloud their belief In: his
innocence. Women crowded around Pow
ers, embracing and i kissing him, ; and
tears were shed- The defense having filed
a motion for a 'new "trial, Judge Cantrill
heard arguments /immediately, on the
petition. , •:\u25a0•\u25a0- ', -. ' \u25a0..'..\u25a0\u25a0-•. ' ' • ;\u25a0\u25a0 . .
The motion for a ; new. trial was over
ruled, and ; the case will be appealed. The
judgment is - suspended ; pending : the \u25a0 de
cision of the 1 higher tribunaK Powers was
taken to Frankfort 4 on an^evening.tralu
and committed \u25a0 to jail without ball.
GEORGETOWN, Ky.,, Oct. 26— Ex T Sec
retary of State Caleb Powers was to-day
again convicted as ; accessory before the
fact, to the murder of T Governor, William
E; Goebel ifi January, 1900', and the second
time sentenced to imprisonment for life.
The second trial began October 8 and
has continued with three sessions- daily',
court adjourning: late - each' i*ig-l>t.-v-> The
present term of court .expired to-night.
Arguments were limited, so- that the case
went to the jury at. 2 .o'clock^this after
noon and a verdict of guilty soon,; fol
lowed..- 'V"i'': :" - .'!'" : \'--' " \u25a0 " \u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0"» •\u25a0"-.\u25a0
Peer Convicted of Biga
my Not Barred From
, America.
Convicted a Second Time
for the Murder of %
Goebel.
EARL RUSSELL
FREE TO ENTER
CALEB POWERS
IS FOUND GUILTY
THE, SAN FRANOlseO CALL; SUNDAY^: OCTOBER 27; 1901.
21
• - * .-.-.* •'.-\u25a0 . San Francisco. Sunday, 27 October, 1901. ' " . ~ ." . ' * |
r _ Price, woo : ti4<gv$5Q;nin>. -^.\u25a0lliKlftiSllilb -\u25a0 ,' firiii^s^iil "IMp^,- - At
center, is 15 by 25 inches, and mirror back and lat- '/weathered oak Measures 52 inches^ high. .,« - || ' Z% " high. 60 inches wide and 20 inches deep. French N Ul*Tf*£* IS Si I (ill
'ice front door? Tu-n email cilv^ru-ar^ inches wide, IQ inches deep. Two small drawers \W :^^^ : - \u25a0 ' - +\u25a0 bevel mirror in top 10 by 26 inches. Two eood- . Jtf I ld/9 *pO\J»%J\J
andlawIii?e?drawJr • • \u25a0 ' for silverware and a large one for linen. China 9^ V;r ; f >K ', \f^J\ si zed "drawers in center. -,with cabinets .-\u25a0 below. \u25a0- \u25a0 " ' ~- ' .
§3 . , : !_ • closet at each end with odd shape glass doors. :% ' , . • ; — JJ ... . \u25a0-.\u25a0\u25a0. Chinaclosetat eachend 17 by 36 inches, with Selected oak in the new golden brown finish.
• ? - ~ " ~"~ ~ ~_ ** .". T\ • <J*f Q f\f\ \u25a0 v • mirror back's andjlatticed^glass doors and. sides. Measures 52 inches high, 43 inches wide and 18
r,v~ fc'MTi'" ' L \u25a0»\u25a0"— »— ™™—— \u25a0"** i rr^M l -^gres •\u25a0\u25a0-."•- -. WT*ICC \}\J "* — '\u25a0 ~ — ~~ • ' "°* inches deep. Two small drawers for silverware
1-,-r-^^^ 1^ 1 !^^^; _^!U1~__ j_^^ TJ5X£^B|£S--y5r?Q ' \u25a0 - : '"•' *^* 9 fcj#.*v^»>r\r '• ., ' . '-,'\u25a0 and a large swell front drawer for linen. French
J --.-vVg ;^^i^^y;?V ni '.^ > i '|_^ 11 ""T^^^J . '*'\u25a0* TZ \u25a0 \u25a0 — : — \u25a0— : : ' ?2 '\u25a0 ' . "">\u25a0"" ''.'.' ' : \u25a0'• '-' \u25a0' \u25a0'••' bevel plate mirror in top 9 by 36 inches, with
j|k k p*Tcr~ "~T^1^" ""7~=T-f ip=^F^w7^Wir J= ===^^=== jj f(^ ? .....* .. ." Built of. selected oak, finished golden color. "... _._'_• . .,..;..: ?.. .. ,-: .'.... <• -..' narrow shelf above. - '
i? K^yi^iP^r^3 &§3^^^^^^^i '• *M '"\u25a0 \u25a0"- Measures 63 inches hjgh, 44 inches- wide and 18 T ,- V •..-.\u25a0• r ,\u25a0 - • We also have this buffet in "weathered" oak at \
' ISiBBH^iW^tt X W-fW^TV\^fkrk % ' Tl ' " '\u25a0 : " •\u25a0' \u25a0 inches deep. The china closet portion in top •.\u2666...--'.-. v -- '...:• ." ' . : the same price. $30.00. '--. . . \u25a0 • -\u25a0„
• \ \mMrW\\AA P ?¥PwMAf\il \u25a0.'-.".:\u25a0" '. -, measures 12 by 22 inches, and has a French bevel \u25a0• '\u25a0\u25a0 '_\u25a0 / -\u25a0\u25a0 v - ' ; , . . '• -.. 52 ll
! .| • |^g gjLJLJLJliiJl^l: ' XjX^J^^M^^, y !•' I^S .-'•.\u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0 '-- '-.:\u25a0 plate mirror back and colonial lattice front class .-. : ' \u25a0 . . ti^3**tx*&Bummaea3ua^mK^^BMma^^^^^Mm~m——*.
' . Golden oak, $125.00 - - <\u25a0 l8iHi 'P$W§um^M jw u i
n A splendid piece of modern furniture, in Colonial de" (V : &^jS^^^^il^ffM WealnCrCa OF gOlfleil OftR
closet portion in too has leaded glass doors lid miSSJ - • / - Y\^^ f^t** A »ta M ii "weathered" and Rol den oak. Measures 51 wches b«f . fc
back. The lower portion consists of four drawers and two :."-• ... - V - 111^1% liDl fl CTl I"l3 LC , AVCTlllC inches wide. Contains plenty of space in the shape of draw-
larffe wine cabinets. * . \u25a0 ' ' , * '. • X/UIJ* \J|\/JLVl%/JLi \u25a0 ,XJ|fc*%»^^-^ JHL \u25bc %/AJL**W» _ I ers and cabinets for linen, silverware, % wine, etc. Price $85.00. JSun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
- Times and Heights of \u25a0 High and Low
Waters < at - Fort Point, entrance to ' San
Francisco \ Bay.- Published by official - au-.
• thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The ' high and low waters occur ; at
the', city front- (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-nve minutes later. than at Fort Point;
the height of tide ; Is the , same at both places.
The steamer Loa . was cleared s yesterday for
Valparaiso and way ports with a general cargo
manifested up to 1 p. m. as follows: For
Mexico. $2390; Central America,' $29,876; Panama,
$674; -Ecuador. $718; Peru, $3404; total' value,
$37,062. The principal shipments were as fol
lows: - \u25a0 .- - . E ' .'\u25a0-.> ' \u25a0..--. '
To Mexico— 20,004 lbs tallow, 26 cs wine,' 30 bxs
fruit, 36 pkgB. machinery,. B0 crs potatoes, 236
tbs - cheese, 16 pkga Iron, 11' pkgs hardware, 500
gals lubricating oil;' 109 bdls shooks, 6 colls
rope, 2 kegs liquors. .-
To 'Central America— 540 gals wine, 10,000 lbs
rice, 1200 gals coal oil, 6 cs hardware, 8 pkgs
wagon material, 905 bbls flour, 1500 lbs lard,
12,400 lbs tallow, 199 pkgs paints and oils, 30
cs 'whisky, 3 pkgs leather/ 450 cs rifles/ 442 cs
cartridges, 20 crs. potatoes, 1400 Bbs pepper,
1000 lbs cinnamon, 21S lbs cloves, 3 cs canned
goods, 2 cs salmon. ; •
; To Panama— 250 bbls flour. , * ' -
, To Ecuador— 135 colls rope. 30 bbls flour. "'.: '.
•' To Peru—^77 pkgs machinery/ 1 cs hardware,
.7 bdls bamboo. . • ' ' . '
The Loa's Cargo.
The ship Emily Reed was, cleared yesterday
for Sydney with an assorted 'merchandise cargo
valued at $113,100, consisting of the following:
12,874 cs 475 bbls and 2000 half-bbls salmon," 200
cs canned fruit, 555,100 ft lumber, 4429 lbs hops,
80 C3 candy, 13,796 doors. Ill cs sporting goods.
A Cargo for Australia.
.The Norwegian ship Albania, will load wheat
at -Portland for Europe, 40s; the 'British' ship
Larglemore, \u25a0 *heat here for : Europe, , 32s , 6d,
both chartered prior to. arrival.- -» - - }C . ,
1TEWS OF THE! OCEAN.
\\ Steamer. From. J Due.
Newburg San Pedro .....:.. Oct. 27
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Oct. 27
Tltania.. Nanaimo Oat. 27
Empire Coos Bay ."...jOct. 27
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria.... |Oci. 27
Ban Jose....... Panama & Way Ports Oct. 27
Pomona Huroboldt Oct: ' 27
Matteawan...k Tacoma .' Oct. 27
Sequoia Humboldt Oct.. 29
Kival... Harbor Oct. 28
Asuncion Tacoma Oct. 28
Tellus ....t Oyster Harbor ........ Oct. 2*
RobL Dollar. i Seattle and Hadlock... Oct. 29
Mackinaw Tacoma :... Oct. 29
Corona San Pedro & Way Pts. Oct. 29
Edith Seattle .. '. Oct. 23
Rureka. Humboldt ............... Oct. 29
W. H. Kruger. Tlllamook Bay ....."... Oct. 29
Curacao Mexican Ports. f... Oct.- 29
Gaelic.....'. China and Japan Oct. 29
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports..... Oct. 29
G. Dollar....... Grays Harbor Oct. 23
North Fork.... Humboldt .\ Oct. So
Alameda....... Honolulu Oct. 3o
Despatch San Pedro Oct. , 30
Sesostrls... Seattle Oct. 31
J. S. Klmball. Seattle and Tacoma.... Oct.' 31
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 3}
Point Arena... Point Arena ............ Oct. £1
Columbia.....'. Portland and Astoria.. Nov. .'1
Rainier........ Seattle & N. Whatcom Nov. 1
Umatllla....... Puget . Sound Ports.... Nov. S
Newport...."... Panama & »Way Ports Nov. 3
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 3
•-. \u25a0 tj -\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 / . to sail^ . " .. '• ; :;.;;
. - Steamer. ' Destination. Sails. Pier. "
' October 27.
South Coast.. Humboldt .......... 10 am Pier 2
Thyra China. and Japan.. .....:. Pier 27
Newburg..... Grays \u25a0 Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Coronado..... Seattle direct .*. 5 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & -Way 9 am Pier 11
• • . . .-' October 28. .
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
Noyo ...Humboldt .......... 5 pm Pier 2
San Juan.'.... Panama & .Way Pts 12 m PMSS
City Puebla.. Puget _Sound Ports 11 am Pier »
- October 29. •
Empire.. Coos Bay '4 pm Pier 13
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier S
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier s
V - : - \u25a0\u25a0•October 3O. - . '
Alliance Portland & C. Bay 8 am Pier 16
State of Cal.. San Diego & .Way. 9 am Pier 11
G. w. Elder. . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
\ October 31. \u25a0. <
Leelanaw.... N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt .......... 9 am Pier 13
Arcata .... C. Bay & Pt Orford 10 am Pier 13
CltyofPekln China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Sequoia....... Humboldt ........ i. 5 pm Pier 2
Rival:........ Willapa Harbor..?. 12 m 5th St.
• \u25a0 November 1. . - >;
Despatch....". Seattle direct .. 5 pm Pier
G. Dollar Grays -Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
. \u25a0:- ' November 2. -
Alameda..... Honolulu- 2 pm Pier 7
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier i
American....' Honolulu''......"....'. .'• Pier 20
Corona........ Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena. Point Arena' ....... 2 pm|Pler 2
FROM SEATTLE. - ' '-
i Steamer. • ' From, j - Du». .
Dolphin........ Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 27
Dlrlgo."... ;:.... Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 31
City of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. -1
Humboldt.. — Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 3
stmr Seward. from St Michael and Ncrne^
In sttalts Oct 26— Schr Volant, hence Oct 13,
for Port Gamble. - . \u25a0
SAN , PEDRO— Sailed Oct 2«— Barre Santa
Paula, in tow of ] tug Rescue, for San Fran
° TILLAMOOK-Sailed Oct 26-Stmr W H
Kruger, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Oct 26— Br stmr Car
lisle City, from Hongkong and Honolulu.
Arrived Oct 2S— Br stmr • Carlisle City, from
Hongkcng; stmr San Pedro, from Eureka.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Cleared Oct 26— Stmr Hawaiian,
for San Francisco. — 1>
FOREIGN PORTS
FOWEY— Arrived Oct '24— Br ship Liverpool,
hence June 19. .
RUNCORN— Arrived Oct 24— Br ' bark Cam
busdoon, hence May 30.
CORK— Sailed Oct 25— Br bark Invergarry.
for Cardiff.
HOBART— Sailed Seat 23-Fr bark Ernest
Reyer, for Oregon.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Oct 25— Br ship
Hyderabad, for San Francisco. k - -
HONGKONG— Arrived Oct 25— Jap stmr Nip
pon Maru, hence Sept 27. - • \u25a0 - -
HAMBURG— Sailed Sept 11— Ger ship Alster
damm, for Santa Rosalia.
In sort Oct 10— Br bark Scottish Glens, for
San Francisco. " \u25a0 ' ~~v •
Arrived prior to Oct 28— Ger bark .Alster
schwan, from Portland. - \u25a0• : .". .\u25a0\u25a0. ••. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"; .
PISAGUA— In port Oct 2-;Br ship Pericles,
for San . Francisco. \u25a0. ~ '- •
HAVRE— In port Oct. 8— Br bark Vlmeira, for
Antwerp, to load for San Francisco.
GRIMSBY— Arrived Oct 24— Fr bark Brenn,
hence June 22. . -~
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Oct 26— Br bark
Woolahra, \u25a0 from Eureka.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LONDON— Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Brazilian,
from Montreal.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 2S— Stmr Lancas
terian, from Boston.
Sailed Oct 2S — Stmr TJmbria, for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 28— Stmr Meno
minee, for Londonrstmr Ryndam. for Rotter
dam, via Boulogne; stmr Anchoria, for Glas
gow; stmr Etruria. for Liverpool; stmr Pala
tia, forHamburr.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Bar
barcssa, from New York, for Bremen.
HONGKONG— Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Strath
nrle,- from Portland. Or,- via Manila.
PORT ARTHUR— Sailed Oct 28— Stmr Tiger,
for . Portland, Or. '
ANTWERP— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr Southwark,
for New TTork. ' " • ' • ,•
. .HAVRE— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr La Gascogne,
for 'New York. . ;
CHERBOURG— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr St Louis,
from SouthamDton. for New York.
The : handsome schooner Alber Meyer is
now 'completing her twenty-fifth • round
trip, on the coast. During her five years
of service she has never met with an ac
cident nor. been. In a mishap. .She- comes'
and goes between: the sound and-southern
ports like clockwork and never causes
her owners a moment of uneasiness. The
schooner is named after a well . known
shipping: merchant and is now. on her .way
from Redondo to Seattle.. .-. \u25a0.•,;• . . .
Has Seen a Great Success.
day morning . floating in the bay near
Union-street wharf. The captain had
been on a spree and was missed about ten
days ago. He was 62 years old, a native
of Germany, and unmarried.
yesterday were the Dumferllne, for Liver
pool, and the Melpomene and Olivebank,
for Cork. , . - .
The '.body of Charles Gartner, captain
of the steamer Hazel, was found yester-
Captain Gartner Browned.
THE SAN FRANCISCO OWNED SCHOONER ALBERT MEYER," NOW ON
HKR TWENTY-FIFTH ROUND TRIP BETWEEN COAST PORTS.
SHE HAS NEVER HAD AN ACCIDENT. . \
Time' Bali: j
Branch Hydrographic Office,'. U. S." N.. J Mer-
. SUNDAY. OCTOBER 27. , \ ; , ;, :
Sun rises' ......'.............. V... ;...;....... .... 6:29
Sun sets ..;.....'.:.;.....'.: .... . ; . .6 :17
Moon rises (fi^ll) .*.....„........ .....•.\u25a0.0:00 p. m.
'\u25a0 . Time \u25a0'.' LTime . Time Time •
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. — — Ft.-
L, W H W ; Li W i H W
27:.. '4:18 -1.7 10:35 6.3 5:08—0.8 ...... ..:.'.
HW > L W H W . L W :
28 ... 0:06 B.I 5:00.2.0 11:14 ' 6.4 -.5:59 —1.1
29... 1:00 5.1 5:45.2.4 11:56 6.3 6:48—1.1
SO ... 1:56 5.0 6:34 2.7 12:45 6.2 7:41—1.0
31... 2:56 4.9 7:30 • 2.9 - 1:36 6.0 8:39 —0.7
• 1 ... 3:56 4.9 8:36 3.2 2:36 .8.5 9:39—0.4
2... 4:55 5.0 10:00 3.2 3:46 10^40 0.0
\u25a0 NOTE— In .the above exposition - of ! the , tides
the early"*mornlng tides ' are • given . in the left
hand column and ' the successive ' tides , of the
day. in the order of occurrence' as 'to time; the
fourth time column ( gives i the last , tide • of the
day, except when there are but three tides, > as
Eometlmes occurs. : The heights given are in ad
dition to 1 the "soundings of the United -States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, arid then the number
given is subtracted from. the depth given by. the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters. • .-
Shipping Intelligence.
/ AKRIVED. . . '. . .
/ I <\ ; Saturday. October 26.
9 Stmr Cooi Bay, Nicholson, . 11 hours from
Moss JLandlne. . . , „•.-..
Stmr - Alcazar, ' Martin, 36 hours from ' Port
Lcs Acseles. \u25a0 • ;\u25a0 ' " \u25a0 :\u25a0 \u25a0'
Stmr \u25a0 Westport, Ericson,.40 hours : from Eu
reka." \u25a0\u25a0 * \u25a0\u25a0- :. - \u25a0 \
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, S3 hours from San
Pedro." . . - \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0>\u25a0\u25a0 ...
'Stmr South Portland,' Sears, 105 hours from
Seattle. , . . . \u25a0 \u25a0' < . \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0>-.•\u25a0
Stmr • Aberdeen, Hlggins,* 105 \u25a0 hours : from
Grays' Harbor, "with 1 stmr ; Brooklyn ; in tow. - -
\u25a0Stmr i Brooklyn (new). Hlgglna, 105; hours
from. Grays Harbor, In : tow of stmr Aberdeen.
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, 20 hours from Al
bion. \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0.:'•. \u25a0.'•\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0".\u25a0\u25a0"•:,- - -\u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0'• -
• Schr. Reporter, McVicar, ,18 days from Fair
haven. . : '--"\u25a0,•\u25a0\u25a0.
• . ' • -/' CLEARED. '-V- \u25a0
• Saturday, ' October 28.
' Stror Coronado, . Johnson,- Seattle; Thos ! Pol
lard; I: \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0 -V, :\u25a0 : '\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0• . \u25a0 --, \u25a0 \u25a0 : '
Chll. stmr Loa, Da vies. Valparaiso and way
port3: Balfour, Guthrie \u25a0 & Co. • . .. - ..;••'. .
Ship - Emily ' Reed. Baker, Sydney;." Eddy,
Falk & American Trading Co.-,. : •
Bark Roderick Dhu. Johnson, Htlo; J'D
Spreckels & Bros Co. ' \u25a0
. : : ' /sailed.:: . < '
• \u25a0\u25a0 / * - . \u25a0 Saturday, October 28.
Stmr CoQulIIe - River, Johnson. ForttBragg,
and not stmr Sequoia, as repor^d. • \ - - -
Stmr Eureka, ' Jessen, Eureka. : 
*. Schr." Araso, Mclntosh, .Unga: . " • , .- \u25a0 .
"Stmr Point Arena,; Hansen,. Mendoclno. - -
-: Stror Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
~ Stmr -NaVarro, -Olsen, ; . \u25a0 .;.... -,.
;\u25a0' Chll Stmr: Loa,- Davles, Valparaiso. . '] " '
'• Ger ahlD ' MelDomene, \u25a0 Dreler, Queenstown.
Brshlp Dunfermllne, Woodward, Liverpool/
r Br ship Olivebank/ Youngr." Queenstown.
; Bark RPRithet, --McPhail." Honolulu.
' Schr David Evans^; Holmstrom, .Eureka. ~
' \u25a0 Schr . Glen,' /Anderson," . • rf . r : . -'•..'"- .
•-;_., # TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, . Oct '- 26, , 10 : p r m— Weather
cloudy ; • wind i BE, < velocity \u25a0: 16 miles : per hour.' -
— . DOMESTIC PORTS.
" 5 ASTORIA— Sailed • Oct ; 2*-Ger - ship Renee
Rlckmers, for Queenstown. , .;•.-. •....-.. •
1 Arrived . Oct: 26— Stmrs Elmore and" Harrison,
from Tlllamook- Bay., s. .. ; •\u25a0.-»'.. •,; .. ,
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct : 25— Stmr J S Klm
ball, hence Oct 22. -Oct 26— Stmr Dolphin, • from
Skaguay; . stmr.; ProKreso,. henc« ; Oct -22; chip
Standard, Whence Oct . 12. -• - , •.- • . . ••-
\u25a0 Sailed Oct 26. 8a, m— Stmr Edith.', for San
Francisco; schr Bansor, for Unga. -
Arrived .Oct< 26— Stmr: Umatllla."" from San
Francisco. .-." •\u25a0' .' ' \u25a0 % \ '! \u25a0 . - • . •\u25a0• - .
- : Sailed - Oct • 26— Stmr Excelsior. - for , Valdex :
.stmr ; Walla ' Walls, " for > San ; Francisco; US
stmr. EKbert,. for- Tacoma.^' .
. FORT . BRAGG — Arrived .Oct . 28— Stmr Co
quille River, -hence, Oct 25.— - ; -.:.-,- :
Sailed Oct . 26-Stmr National . City, for . Ban
Francisco. V, \u25a0. v . 1 '^'- '%\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0-, \u25a0•"'.>' '; -~~ , ..\u25a0'.\u25a0
Rl EUREKA— Sailed S Oct 2«— 8tmr Pomona : and
EchrJ-O- Wall,; for San Francisco.; ••-.\u25a0."\u25a0. ••
\u25a0 NEAH BAY— Passed In Oct 2S— Br stmr Wel
lington, \u25a0 hence Oct ' 23/ for Oyster. Hacbor. " - -
PORT . . HADLOCK-Arrlved • > Oct 2S-3cIir
Commerce, from* Port^Townsend. •
: . PORT. GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 28— Bark Fres
no.' hcno»- Oct 10. ; v \u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0'\u25a0;-. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0--
' : UMPQUA— Arrived" : Oct / 24— Schr C B«ulah.'
hence ; Oct ">W. \u25a0".•\u25a0-•~t -"•:;. " :^» ., --
' PORT, TOWNSjafD^-ArrlYed Oct »~\J S
LONDON, Oct. 26.-John Collins, alias
John Harkes, and Frederick Alstein, alias
Morgan, were extradited at the Bow
Street Police Court to-day, charged with
larceny committed in Washington.
Accused Men to Be Upturned.
.NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— During the fiscal
year Just ended the State of New Jersey
chartered 2342 corporations, receiving
therefrom, in fees for filing, the sum of
SS5S.369. This is an Increase of $168,424
over similar receipts for 1900. This total
includes the fee for filing the papers of
the United States Steel Corporation,
which amounted to $220,000. .
Charters Bring Larg-e Fees.
THE Norwegian -bark Hereford,
which arrived from Australia a
few days ago, had an experience
in Algoa Bay' that neither Cap
- tain Jensen nor the crew will for
get for many years to come.
The Hereford' was formerly a ' British
tea clipper and made a quick run from
Swansea to Cape Colony with a cargo of
coal. On arrival at Algoa Bay, during
the war, she had more than 2000 tons of
the black diamonds in her hold. _ The
Hereford is more than 1500 tons gross
burden, so there must have been easii/
3600 tons dead weight floating in Algoa
Bay when the baric cast anchor - last
December. .- \u25a0 \_ ;\u25a0\u25a0. ,
"It was a beautiful night,". said Captain
Jensen yesterday, "and the bay seemed
to be full of small fish. All of a sudd»n a
school of whales came in after the jmall
fry. One of them, the • biggest and 1 ap
parently the leader- of the mammal?,
made straight for the Hereford. . -, I
"Now we were deep laden and close
inshore, so that there could not have
been ' more than ~ six feet between >; \u25a0 the
vessel's -keel 'and the ..bottom. - As the
whale came along in pursuit of the small
fish he saw the Hereford and took a dip.
He 1 must have been going at the rate of
forty miles an hour, -for he evidently got
half way under the ship. For two or three
minutes nobody could stand on deck,- an 1
I made sure the back ofthe Hereford was
broken. There were' two or three up
.heavels • and then a' moment's rest. The
pext instant the whale came .up along
side and we thoaghthe was dead. He lay
without- motion .for several minutes an.l
then suddenly took a fresh lease of lifi
and put to sea like a redshauk.
".From that one experience I, have been
making deductions as to , the capacity of
a whale. There is no doubt that a well
grown mammal can raise 3500 tons, ' for
the one we had the encounter with raised
and shook the Hereford like a terrier. It
can go at express speed, as we were able
to judge, and I should think that one of
them harnessed to the Oceanic i .would
carry ' that leviathan across the Atlantl z
at a sixty-knot <gait and not stop to take
breath. I don't want any more whales
under my-ship.'V - '
MUTINEERS SENT TO SEA.
There was trouble at the Vallejo-street
float yesterday. / When the Austrian
steamer Klek arrived In port last month
seven of the crew were in irons and the
captain had to Invoke the aid of the local
police. Yesterday the steamship, with
96,248 centals ot wheat valued at $84,200
and 17,954 centals of rye .valued at $14,000
aboard, was ready for sea. The Austrian
Consul sent the • mutineers back' aboard.
At the'float the captain put in an ap
pearance and two of the men made a rush
for him. One of them tried to brain him
witH his handcuffs, but was knocked
down by. a policeman's club. After a
violent struggle , the mutineers were got
aboard the Klek -and then turned over to
the captain. There was no effort made to
put them to work, and the vessel did not
put to sea.
\u25a0 Vesse/s of the grain fleet that got- away
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— The game
warden and deputy of Colorado are se
verely arraigned in a report- received by
the indian Bureau to-day from Indian
A^ent My ton of the White Rocks (Utah)
reservation, now at Meeker, Colo. After
aa investigation of. the alleged infraction
©f the Colorado game laws by his In
dians, Myton reiterates his -charges 01
persecution of Eggleston, one of the
Indians arrested -and acquitted of the
charges, and who was then rearrested.
The Interior Department has asked the
Department of Justice to defend E&gle
ston- The agrent says he has ordered
borne the very few Indians off his reser
vation found in Colorado, and he- will
stay a. week longer to see that they go.
He says the Indians from the Southern
Ute and Navajo agencies hunt In Color
ado and that what they do is charged
to his Indians. He says be has found it
impossible to ' - meet a Colorado game
warden, or even > a special deputy game
warden, in the State, • although he wired
ahead m order to get from them infor
mation about his Indians. . . .',-.*>
\u25a0Myton charges that the game wardens
took the Indians from Rio Blanco Coun
ty without any process of law, and that
public opinion is entirely with the Indians.
He Bays three Indian men, three In
dian women and a b.oy were forced to
trial without an interpreter, and after
being acquitted at 10 o'clock at night
were started at 1 o'clock in the morn
ing, ostensibly for their agency.
"About ten miles from Meeker," he
said, "the Indians discovered that he (th©
deputy) .had lied to them and was taking
them to the railroad. They all broke
away from the deputy except old man
Eggleston, and he is now in jail at Glen,
wood Springs. They scattered, the In
dians' property all along the road, and
much of it has been stolen or destroyed.
Suit should be brought agalngt the game
warden to make him pay the Indians
damages." . -
Utah Redskins Are Unjustly
Arrested and Persecuted;
in 'Colorado.
Agent My ton Makes Seri
ous Charges Against
Offlcials.-
GAME WARDEN
TRICKS INDIANS
While the Vessells at AneHor in Algoa Baya Leviathan^Gfets Under
Her and Lifts Hull and C argo Without arv- Effort ,; Gaptain and
Crew Expecting the Graft : to Break in Two Every ;; Minute
NORWEGIAN CLIPPER HEREFORD
NEARLY WRECKED BY A WHALE
HOPE TO SAVE
BARK BARODA
Wreckers Will Attempt
to Float Stranded
Vessel.
Towing Tug Will Not Be Able
to Approach Nearer
Than a Mile. ':
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. GRANTS PASS, Or., Oct. 26— News is
received here from Crescent City that. the
British bark JBaroda, that ran ashore on
the Oregon coast some time ago and lies
high and dry on the beach below Bandon
probably will be rescued. Captain Burns,
the expert "wrecker, has gone to. work on
the wreck. Most'; of the appliances were
brought by -the steamer Mandalay on her
last trip from San Francisco. \u25a0\u25a0-..'< \u25a0\u25a0-.
Captain Burns Is confident the stranded
vessel can be pulled into deep water. The
only . difficulty will . be I the long distance
that '\u25a0 the tug doing the towing will be out
at sea. The .beach on which, the stranded
vessel sits . slopes , gradually out to sea
and -the towing tug, will not be able to
get closer in than one mile. A barge will
be anchored securely half way out, to be
used as a fulcrum. At the present time
the sea Is perfectly smooth In that vicin
ity and no trouble will be experienced in
that, respect; should a heavy, sea come on.
it V will -do no damage other than drive
the Baroda farther up the beach. : • ,
-The plan adooted for the rescue of the
Baroda Is the same as.that followed re
cently In* the" saving, of the British bark
Poltalloch, which was stranded In the
same vicinity and was safely pulled, off
the sands; being now en route home with
a cariroof wheat. • . - - • \u25a0
"The Baroda is a bark of 1400 tons. She*
is stanchly built of steel and though she
has beenNbleaching on the sands for near
ly two months she has suffered but little
damage..- At low :tide she is completely
aut of water, so that one can walk around
-her. She; draws but twelve feet of water
and "lacks, but a foot of floating at high
tide. •
chants'- Exchange. San Francisco.. Cal..
October 26. 1901. '•':..•\u25a0- -
The : Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. (.-., at \noon of the . 120th meridian, • or at 8
p. ,m., Greenwich mean time.
j. t. McMillan.- •
• Nautical. Expert, in charge.
Steamer Movements.
22
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
STRICTLY RELIABLE.
S( s?id Dr. Talcott
MffiL- cc Co.
j WL teSr DISEASES , AND
v^^JgJN. WEAKNESS OF
fWf'MenOnly
\\ \jv j\*.Jfj ; Consultation Free.
BY PAR THE GREATER NUMBER OF PA-
**tlent8 seeking relief for so-called weakness
are ctrongr, robust men. in every other resi>ect.
Our s theory, that . Impotency, . Prematureness,
Losses, ' Emissions, etc., " are " not weaknesses,
but symptoms of ' inflammatory ' processes in
the Prostate Gland (so-called neck of bladder),
caused by contracted " disorders and \u25a0 too often
repeated and too long continued | excitement,
is dow being adopted by the leading specialists
of -the world. Even the layman can under-
stand that tonics cannot cure Inflammation '
and. these cases under their administration go
from bad to worse. Under our local plan of
treatment, directed toward- reducing the en-
larged and, swollen Prostate. Immediate re-
sults, as indicated by increased circulation and
renewed strength, are observed. . Our colored
chart' of the organs, which we send free on
application, is interesting to any one wishing
to . study the - anatomy, of the male.- ••
VARICpCELEy
:\VITH REGARDS TO ITS EXTENT
SHOULD BE CURED.
Varlcocele is an enlargement of - the most
vital blood vessels in- man. The function of
these veins is to carry off waste, thus enabling
the organs to receive fresh nutrition. - The dia
case consists of a dilation and local stagnation
cf blood,' from which the organs are deprived
of their proper quantity and quality of nour-
ishment. : As a result, we find small, soft and
sometimes quite insensitive organs, . which are
ill-fitted -to produce their secretion. Varicocele
Is a very common disorder. Statistics show
that -23 per cent of- the male population are
.iffected with some stage of .this disease We
emphatically .. guarantee to cure Varicocele in
one week at our office or four weeks of home
treatment, "We . have cured over 3000 cases
without a single, failure or unpleasant result'
.We mean, by a cure, re-establlshment of nutri-
tion \u25a0 of the organ, it will grow in size and
firmness and. its function will be restored "\u25a0 "We
have shown . this result \u25a0 so \u25a0 often - and can" refer
to so many cases in proof of this ' statement
that we make it without hesitation or reserve
We lnrlts correspondence and the fullest Invest
tlgatlon of. our methods. '. - ; \u25a0 . •. • .
997 Market Street, : Cor^ Sixths
visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
\ MUSEUM OF ANATOHY?
g CM f] 1051 XAXXZT ST.Ut G**7t&, S.7.&I. 4
\ V i.&F--".. J%> L«JotAn»«omieaI Muj*^ ta the T-
W iitJni "O'la- Weaknesses w my contraetr-il A
4 flfgi OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 6
\ iffiDl Coosulmion free -and sbicUy prirale, \
m I XSV \u25a0 Tr«taient personally or br letter A *
ill \\m Write for Book, PllL«llupa¥«r A
\ j| (J valuable book for mr n ) .^^ \
jf P^JOK^AJT at.. S. F. f
SIX STORIES HIGH— 100 FEET FRONTAGE ON MARKET STREET
. THIS ACCOUNTS FOB
satisfy OUD MADVPt OUS A^™^^"
\u25a0 Customers vrv.JK- AT IjIK ? L*LAJ y iJ Yoa MU^, dvan;
j q^. _. — —.mi. m mm a <*S« of our credit offzr-
Who recommend us rTia* ll 7TH 1 In* for these advertised
to all their friends. 1"! L#| I W I III birgains asfretly as for
There is no aftermath VIlVV ¥ T ,JL Jk & • anything e!se in our v
cf ,di5app:iatmtnt \ - - - store. , • . .
PRICES THAT THE "CASH" STORES CANNOT MEET AND ALL THE CREDIT YOU WANT I
A H ttfcefca | Blktffl [ We GUARANTEE THEM
% feiblfeii^r ard wiI1 kttp thtm in "\u25a0 P^^^SP^SSS
/' '%?{ M®S Iute'y free of chargf. Un- CT 1 ,^*^'''-'^ y^'^- x (
. Banner SccUond BooK Cases (nyMf 3^^ \u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0^ :^r?5!5'.--.
' ±y Made of polished quarter-sawed oak. \Y/ X \\ '
Each section is 36 inches wide and M __ JLLi ™^ BEAUTIFUL tf*4O 'TIC
30 inches' in height, fitted with sliding' H ~J."' GOLDEN OAK fcDly # fD
glass doors and adjustable shelves. The , m ** — ** H>v SIDEB0AW) "T. . \
base section is fitted with a foldingjeaf Jffl m an m wfav hwI Just 42 inches wide. P.u«h' linsd
.hat can be drawn out at pleasure. '^^«M SS^^^^'SSS
Base Sections. , $12.50 ; out y Our bargain. :..>.,
Tnn - f 7 en -. ' . " We want to show our sideboard, line to -
JLOp aeCUOnS .$ J.b0 \u25a0 particular people. We know we can
CrOWn MoldirittS .......$ 2.00 VcrTIT<-M?irlTTI suit them after they have shopped the
„ - : ';,*„*-•,; "":\u25a0•*' town over.;
/ ' Finish '\u25a0 ?8 — \u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0'-•"\u25a0\u25a0 ; **
n \u25a0\u25a0*/W/am tetter, . . Our Guarantee :>?\u25a0
•"\u25a0\u25a0 i\H/y* L jWk $14.75 ' _ If you do not find a Richmond
ki /// ' ''"'/\u25a0' iQm\ ' Range to be the best biker and ;a, ,
f\ \'-v" » / Only in 34 size. Massive fuel econom'zer we will. retunuyour' •
|V| ' . ' - J Lj y^: ).,k:«- t i a inrVi h»nf n'n«t« mohey— exactly what you paid for it.
g^m^^^jdm \ X " bng A > l yA nch bent P° sts » w / wjll a , y so^ Jike-gob-d: any
gy-f 7 "^ y.:] handsomely ornamented breakage ;due_ to imp:r.ection of
joints.. .'......." , . .• cas'.ings for one year free of chargr.
| '\u25a0''•> ?: lts y«"" f<^ 5'+- 73 » casI v; \u25a0' Our Terms. \u25a0• • \u25a0 ".
'fF *^ki S \*&Z* = /wii^rix/ > orcred.t We will, sell this splendid rangr,
•?tl z£? t ' , ' J;* : \ • ?' '\u25a0 " _ all set up in your hoine,'for J30 (ac-'
5S 'fjfe=^!|g^!- r =ij^^r-- i^' x '''%'$ ' tual weight , 320 pounds). . If you
|?B -liSr^/: '^^ ~*s ' '\'.f&$-&' > f* 3tf§&^J0^x£B\- choose you can pay
-lt^^8^53^^n^ \u25a0' ""\u25a0' 'ffTR " '"^BI/ ' ? ;AilD Si.00 A WEEK
TfflS HANDSOME dt 4 V\ p a 3^3l ; rijjfcMfflmK^- .
POLISHED OAK IX Sri ni/ . - \u25a0 IKS525SJ '
bureav H* *"w v Golden OaK : { W^WU^^-
Notice the curved front and the light, TnhAlirf>t I^^^^^^T •'
stylish mirror frame. The beveled \u25a0 * a *fV ul Cl ; \u25a0 i : : -^\u25a0^\u25a0^'\u25a0\u25a0^^y^^/':.: *
plate mirror is. 24x30 inches. The- : !**(* Wn^*Vin»»Pi1 H^b- -
bureau top is 43 inches wide- and' 20 j|.^?E' *^
inches deep. The drawer handles are Shaped French legs; boxed D]?lTe^l)acks^$l 10
Cf solid cast metal. top, graceful' design, strong *\ l ?^ £** T^f 1# *"
There is not'aaolhcr bvrcau barjata »Ke it. and serviceable - • r 36>ch« wide, two she.ves anda row
: i' the town^utside. the -.'Sterling'^: #^0$§^Z°^
then credit for full measure. . the "Stirling'; by.*;.. . ; ;.: of plite racks. r: Interestcc?; ' ; ; ;;
We sell on time and DO NOT asK interest ! The credit customer/ has goods and
money,' too— best Kind of* a gyarantee! -
STERLING Furniture Company
1039 MABKET ST.^OPP McAIXKTEB
y. ADVERTISEMENTS. ',
v AN INTERNAL REMEDY. :
A Pleasant ..Tasting Tablet ; /Simple,
V Convenient; Cures Every Form , ;'
\u25a0 'of Catarrh.- ; /
.The use of|- inhalers, douehes,' r sprays,
salves and, powders for catarrh is a nui3-
ance and inconvenience .a^, the best,; and
cannot compare with 1 antiseptic remedies
in tablet form:for internal use. 1
\u25a0'•^Internal remedies <are r the -only .'ones
which can '^really, reach \u25a0 the. seat- or 'the
disease, which is In the blood, ;and=local ap-
plications can no more cure catarrh ,than
rheumatism ; or; kidney trouble, the exces-
sive secretion In nose and throat being lo-
cal manifestations of a deep seated poison
In < the blood. •/ ' - \u25a0 : i^
.Stuart's Catarrh .Tablets, vthe moat suc-
cessful', of .the 'various internal remedies,
is- composed % principally . of \u25a0: highly' con-
centrated ."antiseptics,' which destroy 'the
catarrh : germs In the i blood and . cause
them to be eliminated through the natural
channels. "..,\u25a0•'. \u25a0'•\u25a0\u25a0'-.< .•'- : -- ; -' \u25a0'• -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'
-Progressive physicians use and advise
Stuart's^ Catarrh /.Tablets because = they
contain no cocaine, no opiate, no enervat-
ing' drug -; whatever, but > are composed | of
Gu aiacol, Hydrastin, Red ) Gum and ; simi-
lar -catarrh antiseptics, '-'\u25a0 and are so safe
and pleasant that even little children may
use, them: with excellent results. -. • - .- -\u25a0\u25a0..-. -\
i Catarrh* sufferers who have -wasted time
and * money, on t local ; ; applications * should
not despair of a radical cure until a'. trial
of c Stuart's £ \ Catarrh. - Tablets r has .'been
made.'': v;i •-\u25a0>;••\u25a0 \u25a0**..- \u25a0*.r-- «'&-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 *•?*:>\u25a0\u25a0%.\u25a0\u25a0
A complete treatment may be purchased
AtaDyidruff'storeilfor .fifty, cents^ ;.- i_:_
The Wonderful Stories of Two Pco-
n\e Saved from Horrible Death
, It probably never-occurred before that two people
! horribly afflicted in entirely different ways, and hying
far apart, were miraculously rescued from the very jaws
time The stories of George Hernirnan, of Buffalo and
Mrs/GeorgeW. Sharp, of Washington, Kan., readme
the wonders of Divine interference. Let them tell their
experience in their own plain, truthful language:
haVdone tor me in the^p"st \u25a0 Ve« . and you may ic ine had no effect »pon my stomach, and my
Send Jnyorall o "the people of Western N 7 ew York stomach was in such a condition from purjatWe.
to me a^d us" my name u itrondl « Jf « »" h ' that I conld not take food. I was taken to • ho*
for 1 know that they have saved my life. 1 hrt i an my boweIs were opcratc d npoa for Con-
injury to my spine *»d the spinal cord was nun, £ d 1 did not get any better goin? through
lar K e bone Seine broken and bad; and they also ' , w ste lelon. After trying everything
said that I couldnot live fix months, if that long, ana w » Ca | c:irets a trial, not thinking they
Well, thanks to God and your candy «thartic e.se l pave did %
Cascarets, I sit here four years later mmr wheel JouWBeip n . sleep / an d from that on I could
chair and write this to you. I can «»* » r fi \? « t out of bed and then got so I could- go out
minutes on crutches, and sny that jrour Cascarets t i _^i.j Ometh i c? I had not done for o»er threa
• have«avcd my life, and with old Mother Nature s ndm- j?^^^^^,, mT work . A i y friends just
help, are curin* me. ) I have used one 10c. box a years^ iNow w»ii j a mirac , e j
week for two and one-half y<-ars. But my case is ™ff :.%• * & cascaretsdid it, and they all want them,
one in 100.000 to recover at all; and I- had the best teH t . h «^ c $ c £5" d s w hen I commenced takinj
of doctors, too. all saving he same thtas-no hope. L **g;^ ~ d p now I W ei S h 170. -
5|e^^y^yte;^^|^p^ -Mrs.Geor g eW.Sharp.
No one should wait until such a terrible affliction
comes upon him or her, but use Cascarets always to
keep the bowels and internal organs gently and natur-
ally active. All druggists sell Cascarets, the sweet, aroj
matic, never-griping candy cathartic, 10c.,25c, 50c. a box.
.n^^^rREt'FORtnE ASKING: tndthVf?mo o ush c eikhbSki2
Address STERLING REMEDY CO.. Chicago and New York. C9
REWARDED
WITH A CROWN OF SUCCES& ,.;
(Mayerle's Trademark.)
The marvelous reputaUon which Mayerle's
glasses have sained is due wholly to the fact
thnt all who have worn them acknowledges
th«:lr superiority over other glasses; and testify
in the highest terms to their wonderful sooth-
ing and strengthening qualities.
.. Highest. U. "S. army, navy and Government
officiate are using Mayerle's glasses. ...
A Leading German Editor o? S. F. Say* I
"Mr. Mayerle— Dear Sir:* The glasses you
made for my wife and me some time ago glva
us perfect satisfaction, and are far superior to
those we have been wearing for years before. I
heartily recommend your method of testing
and fitting to all persons troubled with defects
of the eyes. Yours- truly, HANS DAMES.
"City Editor of the Tageblatt."
GEORGE~MAYERLE,
THE GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN,
Is also a graduate of the AMERICAN COL-
LEGE OF OPHTHALMOLOGY and a charter
members of the American Association of Opti-
cians, now located at
1O71^ JWexrU.&± Street
(Opposite.Hibernla Bank). San Franclaco. Cat.
Persons ordering glasses by mall should stata
their age: "also whether glasses are wanted for
reading or distance, or both; and what. price.
Consultation, examination and advtcs free.
Telephone South 572. Open Evenings Until 9.
GERMAN EYEWATER 5Oc
>'?.\u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0-•." CUT THIS OUT.
I CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
Is. "THE SUPERIOR OF
|-^ THEM ALL"
I Everything that tends to
I speed, comfort, pleasura and
I luxury unlimited. Seserva
ra . berths for this famous train
| at 641 Market fitraat,
1 IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
1 THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE
| SANTA FE
"WEAK IMEttKT !
DR. HALL'S REIXVIGORA-' Afmj'MM
TOR stops all losses in 2i f»V3f if<»a
hours. You feel the improvement |\3m— ifcSl
from the first dose. We have so B9 mCG
much confidence In our treatment j| S
that we offer five hundred reward fBffi HEW
for any case we cannot cure. This f?¥H SSfJ
secret remedy cures Emissions. U'Ki it'HI
Impotency. Varlcocele. Gonor- IR21 KKl
rhoea. Strictures. Gleet. Drains. QbSUB&SJ
Lost Manhood and all other wasting effects o£
self -abuse or excesses. Sent seated, |i botUe;
3 bottles, ia; guaranteed to cura any case. Call
or address HALL'S MEDICAL IMSTITCXB.
f^? n S dway « Oakland. Cal. Also for salo at
1073% Market st.. , S. F. All private disease*
quickly cured. Send for frea boolT ai3e * se "
'EfiNYROYAL PILLS
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I^EARXY AND WASHK GTOJI . STS— RE-
•* modeled . and renovated. \u25a0 KING "WARD A
CO. European plan. - Rooms, 50c to II SO day
W to $S week: $8 to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold' water every room; fire grates In
every room: elevator runa all. night.STAMPS-O. L., City. United . State*
stamps are not money in the sense that
that word is generally used. They are a
commodity because they are sold like any
other article of merchandise. They are
not a promissory note In the sense of
that word, but are promises on the part
of the United States Government that
when affixed to a letter the Government
will deliver the letter. Stamps are not
redeemed by the United States Treasury
for coin. Stamps are current to the ex
tent that they are used to make small
payments Bent by mall. Many houses ac
cept Stamps In lieu of coin, for the rea
son thaJL they. . are required to purchase
a large amount of them in the course of
a year, g Stamps are not used in payment
of purchases in the ordinary way of bus
iness and are not offered or received as
coin: . - - .
NUT AND PULLEY-D. A. 'I*. Giant.
Cal. When a rod that Is subject to ten
sion Is faatened by means of double nut*,
a thick and a thin one, the thick one Is
placed on the outside, it being the one
that "supports the wad," the thin one be
ing simply a lock nut. An open belt runa
on two straight cone pulleys. The face of
the cones should not be. slightly convex.
If such were the cane there would be un
necessary losu of time In shlftins. and
such could not be done as well.
SCHOOL TEACHERS— T. J. M., City.
In San Francisco school teachers must
hold pupils to a strict accountability for
any disorderly conduct on their way to
or from school or on the school premises.
If any .case arises requiring punishment
the teacher must report the same to tha
principal or vice principal and punishment
may be inflicted by either, but only in ex
treme cases and, not upon any children
whoso parents specifically object to It.
.This department cannot llnd any law that
authorize* a teacher to Inflict punishment
on a pupil for misbehavior on non-school
days. . • . •
THANKSGIVING DAY— U. S. B. C,
City. Thursday was selected originally
for Thanksgiving day, It Is thought, be
cause it was so near the middle of the
week and gave opportunity for scattered
members of the family to come together
and return without violating the Sabbath.
The Puritans of New England, with whom
the observance of Thanksgiving day orig
inated, were very scrupulous In this latter
regard. Whatever the reason of the orig
inal selection Thursday was the day ob
served in New England, and as the cus
tom became general so did the selection
of the day.
to obstructing the United States mail is
as follows: "Any person who shall know
ingly and willfully obstruct or retard tho
passage of the mail, or any carriage,
•horse, driver or carrier carrying the same,
shall for every such offense be punish
able by a fine of not more than $100."
The Vnited States mall always has tha
right of way In precedence of private con
veyances. !',;-*|'i-.
During the past summer the Congressional
Committee on Rivers and Harbors visited this
coast Our river systems— and the site of the
proposed barriers and settling basins were in
spected Some of the members of the debris
committee were present on most of the tour.
Our chairman was acquainted with the major
ity of the visiting Congressmen and thus had
ample opportunity to present our position and
ascertain their views thereon. It was the
general verdict of these Congressmen that the
project above referred to should be completed
at an early date, and that the Bear, Ameil
can and other streams below should receive im
mediate attention. \u25a0 Your committee cannot ac
count for the circulation of a rumor that Chair
man Burton of the River and Harbor Commit
tee had expressed himself while on this visit
in favor of the appropriation of the additional
sum of $160,000 by Congress, but desired to cou
ple It with a proviso that hydraulic mining
above the barriers should cease.
In various extended conversations held with
Mr Burton and others by our chairman, no
reference was made^ directly or indirectly to
such proviso, notwithstanding;, that hydraulic
mining was the subject considered. The trend
of. the. conversation was that with proper pro
tection to the rivers, mining of all kinds shouM
be permitted and encouraged, for the general
welfare. Knowing our delegation in Wash
ington both in the Senate and in the House,
Views of Congressmen.
In a general review of conditions the
debris committee also had the following
of interest to report: '
north, range 5 east, M. D. M. This land has
also been located by other parties who hava
conveyed their Interests to the Government,
and upon this state of facts the Hon. Attorney
General has directed that an action be brought
to confirm the title to this property in the
United States. To my mind there Is no doubt
of the ultimate success of these actions.
• A' condemnation suit Is also to be instituted
against O'Brien to obtain certain lands in
•ections 82 and S4, 'which he -recently pur
chased from the' estate of Catherine Hallett,
deceased. These actions will be instituted and
prosecuted \u25a0 a3i:rapldly as circumstances will
P Regarding ttie action against O'Brien to com
pel specific nerformanee of his agreement or
October 22. 1900, I-'am of the opinion that ltis
unnecessary to make a tender of money to
O'Brien, because of the fact that he has al
ready rignlfled hia Intention of violating his
agreement. However, It Is not unwise to
make "assurance doubly «ure." and therefore
I have advised the California Debris Commis
sion that there can be no objection to tender
ing O'Brien the money which was so Kindly
offered by your association. '
In regafd to M. C. Dufflcy. I may state i that
he entered Into an agreement to sell to tho
Government his land, located in section 27
township 16 north, range S east, M. D. M., for
the sum of *20. Subsequently, following thj
example of O'Brien, he served upon the Gov
ernment officers- a notice of the repudiation of
IiIh former agreement and ha." Increased the
selling price of his land from »20 to *500.
A suit against Dufflcy to compel him to per
form the conditions of his contract will b«
instituted this week. With thj determination
of these suits tho principal difficult es in the
way of the commission will be practically dis
posed of. There are two or three amicable suits
to be instituted against different persons who
by reason of some disability are unable to
mak.j a valid conveyance to the Government.
Th<» purchase price of the land to be Include'!
In the suits referred to has been agreed upon.
It will only remain for tho commission to ac
quire a few small pieces of land In order to
place it in a position where work can bo com
menced. \
The title of all of the landn desired by the
commission has been examined and reported
upon by this office to the Hon. Attorney Gen
eral of the United States. The abstract of
title, together with the report thereon; and
the deeds which have been executed and de
livered to the California Debris Commission
by various parties are all In the hands of the
Attorney General ,for his approval. Deeds
have been secured for Rlmost all of the land
that the commission desires for Its purpose.
M. C. Dufflcy and Jamea O'Brien are the
only land holders who have refused up to th!«
time to sell to the Government the land It re
nulrps of them. In order to carry out Its pro
ject.
On the 22<J day of October, 1900, O'Brien en
tered into a written agreement to sell to the
Government for $2500 certain parcels of his
hold'ngs In Yuba County which were desired
by the commission. Subsequently on the 29th
day of Jul,y of the present year O'Brien served
upon the Government officers a notice of the
withdrawal and repudiation of his former
ngreement. Since that time the Hon. Attorney
General of the United States has directed thin
office to Institute a suit to compel O'Brien to
perform the covenants of his agreement of
October 22, 1900. This 6Ult haa been filed and
is now pendlnp in the United States Circuit
Court for this district.
In addition to his refusal to comply with the
terms of his contract with the Government, he
has attempted to locate under the. United
Ftates minin* Irws the channel of the Tuba
River, between sections 31 and 37, township 16
:• On the closing day of the convention
the debris committee . received from the
United. States District Attorney a state
ment concerning the legal status of the
affuir.s of the California Debris Commis
sion so far as they pertain to the ac
quisition of land for the construction of
dams on the Yuba River. This communi
cation, as It clears up the matter con
siderably and as it has not been pre
viously* published, is herewith given prac
tically in full as follows: .
The Legal Status.
Instead of listening to rumors and agitating
questions affecting the constitutionality of the
law, let us take, the position now occupied by
the Cabinet officers of tho Government,
namely, the Attorney General : and Secretary
of War, by the legal advisers of the Califor
nia Debris Oimmlf «ion and by said commis
sion. It cannot be assumed that the law of
llcers of the Government would permit the con
struction of great and costly works and main
tain Important -and far-reaching litigation If
there was any question of the validity In a
constitutional sense of the measure; besides we
are supported in this attitude by the decision
of the United State* courts.
This cannot be done without notice to all
parties Interested. We have no misgivings on
that point. All that Is necessary is to con
tinue on lines laid down - In the law, and the
result of operations will; . in - our \ judgment,
prove that the work of this association and its
friends has not been done In vain.
•" The committee also expressed; the opin
ion that In order to prevent > licensed
hydraulic mining above' the proposed bar
riers the present law must be repealed.
On this point, the .committee said: «\u25a0
.Does that mean that licensed hydraulic min
ing Is to be prohibited? Is it not only licensed
hydraulic mining: that we want now. as well
as after the construction of these barriers? A
glance even at this language will disclose that
it is only unlicensed and indiecriminate ' hy
draulic mining. that Is tp be inhibited.
; Another reference in the' report, also often
misunderstood, is that "when the works have
been completed and In operation for., several
years there will be time and opportunity, to
determine whether • or | not the system la
capable of sufficient expansion to warrant an
attempt at storing therein 'the talllnsrs from
the hydraulic mines without compelling each
.mine to impound any or- ail of Its debris."
This has no reference to mines working and
Impounding tailings at or near the place of
operation under a license, but to the question
whether when the Government dams are built
the "storlnK therein of the ; tailings from the
hydraulic mines. without compelling each mine
to impound any or all of its debris" will be
permitted, thus giving hope that the efforts
of the commission will be directed to investi
gations which may permit the working pf hy
draulic mines at places where there Is no
opportunity to Impound at or near the place of
operation. '£,",*'.- ] , ' .»,- • .• !
Committee's Conclusions.
The cpmmittee reported, In answer to
a question as to whether hydraulic nam
ing would be permitted after the, Yuba
River barriers are constructed, that j as
licensed hydraulic mining is permitted
now there is no logical reason that can
be advanced to show that it will be re
strained after the Yuba -River barriers
shall have been completed; as conditions
will be improved by the added protection
thus given to the rivers below and to ad
jacent lands. The committee then called
attention to those who might have any
doubts concerning the accuracy . of this
general conclusion to a statement "that
has been often misquoted; contained ' in
the report to the War Department, trans
mitting the project of 1899."
This is that "the object sought to be
accomplished is the storage of the de
tritus now in the Yuba River and its trib
utaries, with a view to the improvement
of the rivers below and decidedly not with
a view of permitting unlicensed, indis
criminate- hydraulic mining at locations
above the impounding works."
On the basis of this presentation on the
part of the Government report the com
mittee argued as follows:
The recent convention of the Miners'
Association of California' had something
definite to say concerning the question of
hydraulic mining In, this State. In the
resolutions that were adopted the several
recommendations of • the committees were
summarized, which was all that was pos
sible. The has a good idea of the
substance of the committee reports gen
erally, but late In -the afternoon of the
closing day of the convention, when. there
were so many other, matters then on hand,
Including the consideration, of the report
of the committee on resolutions and ac
tion thereon. and also the annual election
of the officers of the association, one're
port of great importance' and significance
was practically unnoticed. In the report
of the committee on debris, which was
submitted by Mr. Caminetti, were several
very 'interesting statements.
Debris Committee Explains
Matters of Live
Interest.
Oaminetti Defihes Hopes
. of Many Miners for
Future.
HYDRAULICKING
COMES TO FORE
FERTILIZER— A Subscriber, Irvington,
Cal. - "What Is the best fertilizer for a
lawn and for a vineyard?" is too general
to admit- of an answer. Before an answer
can be given it is necessary to have a de
scription of the soil that Is to be enriched.
RAZZLE DAZZLE— J. W., City. In raz
zle dazzle dice shaking J there are as
many. who. declare that aces 'are high as
there are who declare that sixes are
high. The only safe rule' Is to agree as
to which shall be high at the beginning
of the gamte. ••\u25a0.;.
DEFRAUDING CREDITORS— L. A. L.,
Spreckels, Cal.% .There | Is -a law of Cali
fornia, that authorizes .the arrest and de-
CAPTAIN ROBBINS—W. F., City. Cap
tain Mark. M.. Bobbins, master of .the
steamer Santa Cruz, was mortally wound
ed by Oscar Walter on the Broadway
wharf, San Francisco, December 27, 1884,
and died on the 15th of the following
month. '
CLINTON-C. C, City. The George
Clinton cent of. 1787, on which^there is a
profile of Clinton on the Pl obverse, and on
the reverse a seal with the word under
neath, "Excelsior," and the figures "1787,"
commands a premium of from $15 to $25.'
AUSTRIAN MAN-OF-WAR— A. B.,
City. The first Austrian man-of-war that
entered the port of San Francisco was the
corvette Friedrich, .Captain Oesterricher,
commandant.;- She 'arrived In' -the latter
part of September, 1875. \u25a0' \u25a0 . :-\u25a0
ALLOY OF SILVER— Subscriber, Oak
land, Cal. The silver used for coins and
most other purposes Is alloyed with cop
per,, the pure metal being too soft. The
alloy is usually from 7% to 10 per cent of
copper. .
FITZSIMMONS — DEMPSEY — R. O.,
City. The fight between Fitzslmmons and
Dempsey In which . the last named was
bested occurred on the 14th of January,
1891, at New Orleans; thirteen rounds.
CZOLGOSZ— B. B., Alameda, Cal. There
Is no combination of letters that may be
printed in the English language that will
give the correct pronunciation of tho
name of the assassin of President McKln
ley. • The pronunciation can be acquired
only by sound; \u25a0<>>
SURVEY MAP— O. B., City. As this
department does not print any answer
that amounts to an advertisement It did
not "announce a short time ago where a
twenty-mile survey map could be procured
for 5 cents." .
TEACHER— Call Reader, City. There is
no law- or any rule of the Board of Edu
cation that will prevent any teacher who
has resigned from the School Department
from being reappolnted in the depart
ment.
AFTERNOON TEA— G. H. W., City. A
gentleman invited to an afternoon tea
shculd not wear a colored shirt. To be
correct he should wear a dark suit with
Prince Albert coat and whit© shirt.
THE GEDNEY-Mrs. A: B., City. It
is not known at this time when the sur
veying ssteamer Gedney will return, to this
port. ,
TWO HALVES— G. S. P.. San Jose, Cal.
No premium is offered for half dollars of
1826 and of 1?31. ,. \u25a0• .«•
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
tentlon of a party who may want to
leave the State for the purpose of de
frauding his creditors.
FATE OF A SOLDIER— A. S., City. To
ascertain the fate of a soldier in the Phil
ippines, address -a communication to the
War Department, Washington, D. C, giv
ing name, age, place of birth, i the branch
of the service he ..was In, the^number of
the regiment and the letter of .his com
pany.
MAP-L. A. L., Spreckels, Cal. There Is
a road book- and map of the .'State of
California for the use of bicyclists, which
may be had from any first-class book
store. Such book describes the length
and character of the different roads trav
eled by cyclers.
FEET— A. B. C, City. To correct an of
fensive smell of the feet bathe, them in a
weak solution of permanganate of potas
sa; 1 scruple of the salt to 8 ounces of
water. A few drops of carbolic acid
dropped In shoes that have an objection
able odor by reason of feet that perspire
too freely will disinfect them.
ALLOY OF GOLD— Subscriber, Oakland,
Cal. The principal alloy of gold is cop
per, which gives It a reddish color and
makes it more fusible. The composition
of gold used by jewelers is designated by
knrats, Pure gold Is twenty-four karats;
ZO-karat gold contains 20 parts of gold
and 4 parts of copper; 18-karat gold con
tains 18 parts of gold and 6 of copper.
DARKEST IIOUR-J. F., City. "It la
darkest just before the dawn" was framed
from the following lines in "Tho Baron
of St. Castine," by Longfellow:
But the nearer the dawn the darker the night,
And by going wrong all things come right.
Things have been mended that were worse,
And the worse the nearer they are to mend.
WASHINGTON'S DEATH-Subscrlber,
City. When Napoleon learned of the
death of George Washington, December
14, 1799, he was First Consul of France. As
a token of respect to* the memory of the
great American he Issued nn announce
ment to the French army and had crape
suspended - from all the flags and stan
dards In the French service for ten day*.
FRANCO-PRUSSIAN WAR-G. S.,
Georgetown, Cal. The Franco-Prussian
war originated In the jealousy of the Em
peror of the French of the greatly in
creased power of Prussia, through the
successful Issue of the war with Denmark
In 1S64. The German confederation was
thereby annulled, and the North' German
Confederation established under the su
premacy of the King of Prussia, to whose
territories were added Hanover, Hes39
Cassell, Nassau, Frankfort and other
provinces.
OBSTRUCTING THE MAIL— Reader.-
City. The United States statute relative
Until the construction of the barriers now
contemplated on the Yuba are begun it is not
deemed advisable by us that any organized
effort bo made >to "extend operations, but we
recommend that all preliminary, steps be taken
toward making- a united effort to extend the
work as proposed by the law, and as already
recommended' to the Government In , said re
ports on the Bear, American and other streams.
The report of the debris committee was
signed by A. Caminetti, J. S. >McBrlde,
A. C. Hinkson and Mark B. Kerr., •
A request has been submitted to this cqm-.
mlttee for some reconsideration concerning'
other barriers on-Btreams other than the Yuba.
The law of 1893,," under which the California
Debris Commission is acting, has provided as
a basia of operations what are known as the
llendell report and* the \u25a0 Biggs Commission re
port. In both of which plans and estimates are
made for barriers on the Yoba, Bear, American.
Cosumnes Sutter Creek," Calaveras River and
other streams throughout the hydraulic mining
field; and It also provided that as soon as ap
propriation therefor are made work thereon
shall be commenced.
Other Barriers Needed.
as we do, we entertain no doubt of their abil
ity to secure the necessary appropriation free
of any condition against hydraulic mining.
The railways'* have, adopted the -auto
matic coupler.'but clergymen' still, adhere
to the plain gold ring.- * ;\u25a0 ' J.. "? „
Charles Wilson, clerk In Newman &
Levlnson's store, appeared for sentence
before Judge Mogan yesterday on the
charge of battery. He was convicted of
striking and kicking Norman J. Barchlnor
at the residence of Miss Wiltha-Bowen,
660 O'Farrell street, both having been pay
ing their addresses to the young lady. The
Judge sentenced -Wilson* to pay a fine of
S50 and remarked If iUhad not been. for
the witnesses who testified to his ..good
character he \u25a0: would have; given' him the
limit, as the ' assault was an aggravated
one. Tbe flue -K-as said. • -•• ., ,f ,<>>•..
Eined for Thrashing Rival.
Golden West Lodge of the Apprentices*
Auxiliary, International Association of
Machinists gave its first grand ball
last night in Native Sons' Hall. The
proceeds will be devoted to the striking
machinists' apprentices. It; was a well,
attended affair, and no' doubt theappren
tlces will realize consideraDle money. The
committees and .officers who had charge
of the affair, were as follows:
Arrangement committee — E. Eagan, A.
Saunders, John Mitchell, A. Mars and C.
Melrose; floor manager, A. McMahon-,
assistant floor manager, T. Currant floor
committee— S. Flint. J. Steele tJ C. Gheen,
J Faraham, J. Cooper and J. Lutz: re
ception committee— E. Eagan, G. Wein
holz C. Saunders, G. Durham, W. • Fen
nessey, J. Achman. A. Wolf, J. Ronnlng,
A. Lucas and J. Lahey.
Apprentices Give a Ball.
The Cralgnair, now out 207 \u25a0 days from
New Caledonia for Philadelphia;- has been
removed from the overdue fleet as'unliv
surable. The others on the overdue list are
the Roanoke, from Norfolk for San Fran
cisco. 137 days out, 30 ptr cent; Benjam n
F. Packard, from Norlolk for Honolulu,
1S9 days out, 15 per cent; La Tour d'Au
vergne, from Swansea for San Francisco^
165 days out, 10 per cent; Edouard De
tallle, from Cardiff for San Francisco. 167
days out, 10 per cent; Glenbreck, from
Tyne for Valparaiso, 161 days out, S5 per
The vessel last mentioned it now almost
uninsurable also.
The Mackinaw, which ran on some
rocks near Flattery while on her way
from Ean Francisco to Tacoma, was mora
badly damaged than first surmised. Her
injuries are on the port side. Some feet
from the bow is a great hole through her
bottom into her forward ballast tank.
Her bottom is badly scraped and corru
gated from that point to within a few
feet from her stern, where there Is
another bisr hole through her bottom into
the after ballast tank. The holes will be
planked over and permanent repairs mad?
at Th^ S Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
meda will be due from Honolulu next
Wednesday, while the Gaelic, from the
Orient, will probably get here next Mon
day afternoon. _.
Water Front Notes.
The National Association of Credit Men
has Its headcuartero In New York, with
branch associations In nearly all the
large cities of tho Union. Its member
ship consists of wholesale merchants,
Jobbers and bankers, represented by their
credit men, who have banded together
for the purpose of Improving, credit con
ditions and putting the commercial world
on a more solid financial basis. -
William A. Prendergast, secretary of
the National Association of Credit Men,
will be tendered a banquet next Friday
evening at the California Hotel by the
directors of tho San Francisco Credit
Men's Association. Mr. Prendergast Is
visiting here In the Interest of Credit As
sociation work.
Methods of Improving the Credit Con
ditions Will Be Dis- .
cussed.
AN INSOLVENT DRUMMER.-A. H. W11U,
a traveling *alesm»n residing In Sacramento,
filed a petition In Insolvency yesterday la the
Unlt«^ State* District Court. He owes *3S6 Z5
and .i&» so assets. *
Ten trolley cars for carrying parcels are
now run by the Metropolitan Company
over the streets of New York. The trol
ley express service is expected to revolu
tionise parcel collection and delivery In
the <dty. , \u25a0?•?"
CREDIT MEN TO BANQUET
NATIONAL SECRETARY
Floor manager. A. W. Tuggy 1 ; assistant
floor managers, R. H, McPherson and J.
D. McDonald; floor ..commltteer-Henry
Kaiser. M. Sullivan, M. L.. Stern,- H. J.
Trowbrldge. E. Dougherty, S. Levy. F. J.
Maguire, W. B. Kelly and R. F. BcKenzie.
Prize committee— M. J. Blackman, John
T. Kldd. W. C. Crowley, Julius Meyer and
H. J. Trowbridge.
Griffith. James Wallace, D. Sewell, G'. M.
Lawton. Joseph Smith. C. J. McCleur, r C.
F. Kimball, W. O. Zahn, E. A, Dunn, D.
Keefe. A. J. Bootz and Lee Hartilin. :
HEAD OF THE" A. O. U..W.,"
WHO IS EXPECTED TO AT
TEND THE CELEBRATION.
Maior Edwin Lewis, who was acquitted
tome tim« ago In Judge Lawlor's court or
a charge of forgery because of his ln
eanity and who was afterward sent to th-i
ajyk,m for tho Insane at Stockton, ha*
been discharged from that Institution a*
cured. Yesterday Lewis called at police
headquarters and obtained the property
whica was taken from him at the time of
hie £.rrest.
Le'vlB. who is an expert penman, forged
a deed to some prop«rty on Baker street.
The forgery was discovered, and, as the
evidence was conclusive against Lewis,
he was arrested and charged with tho
crime. As It was claimed that he was
mentally deranged when be forged the
deed, the Jury which tried him acquitted
him. after pronouncing him insane. He
was then committed to Stockton.
Man Accussd of Forgery Becovers His
Reason and Is Given His
Freedom.
General committee— W. H. Barnes,
chairman; M. J. Blackman. vice chair
man; F. J. Maguire. secretary: James
Lee. assistant secretary; N. Fallack. J.
Henderson, Martin Glennon. Frank Nor
ton, John Druesdom, E. Danforth, A. M.
Armstrong. J. K. Knowles, E. Isenbruck
and E». McSweeney.
Executive committee— C. T. Spencer, R.
F. McKenzie, A. W. Tuggy and J. Lee.
Reception committee — L«. M. Manzer,
Robert English. John Danton. G. J. Gor
rell. J. T. Shaylor. Otto Herzog. H. Griin
thaw, W. W. Allen. H. N. Hall. J. Bow
man, Charles W. Saunders, A. Levy. H.
P. Thomas, H. J. Mack, E. A. Baumels
ter, H. K. Waterhouse, William Hansen,
J. F. Walthour. T. A. Farless, Thomas
LEWIS DISCHARGED
FEOM THE ASYIAJ7G.
The principal local speakers will be W.
H. Barnes, deputy grand master work
man cf California: Past Supreme Master
Workman W. H. Jordan and Past Grand
Master Workman Davis S. Hirehberg.
After the programme there will be or
chestral music by the Golden Gate Park
Band and dancing until a late hour.
The affa_lr is to be under the direction
of the following committees:
In addition to a programme of Instru
mental music, song and literary numbers
of high class, certificates of membership
will be presented to a class of about 300
members of the order who have been ini
tiated In the different lodges within the
last sirty days. It Is expected that A. C.
Harwick. supreme master of the order,
will be here to make the presentations.
He wrote some time ago that he was to
visit this city In the last week In this
month, and it is believed by those who
have the matter in charge that he will be
here tn time. '
old to-morrow. Th© grand officers
and the members of the local lodges will
celebrate the event to-morrow night in
Native Sons' Hall with an entertainment
and ball.
&-npa HE Apdent Order of United
|| Workmen, the oldest fraternal
I beneficial association of the United
1L State-«. will be thirty-three years
- . - _ . <
THE SAK . FBAN^ OCTOBER 27, j 1901.
Grand Officers and Memberr Will Celebrate Anniversary in
. Native Sons' Hall With Music, Literary Numbers and Ball
and Three Hundred New Certificates Wi:l Be Presented
WORKMEN'S ORDER NEARS
IT5 THIRTY- THIRD YEAR
23
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
. Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
'will- write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Instl-
tut/ has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It Is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, .premature loss ! of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of -warmth and seems -to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where It Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute 'success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, \u25a0 328 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who : - are : unable to ;. leave • home L to •-- be'
treated, and the free samples, will enable
them to see how easy it Is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the ' proper reme-
dies are -employed.' The. Institute makes
no restrictions.. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, bo that Its recipient need
have no fear, of . embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers - are requested / to , write
without delay. ,.;,-, . »- -";.;*<
ADVERTISEMENTS. _ ,
Y Exhausted or Debilitate i
From any Cause
Cured by WINCHESTER'S, SPECIFIC PILL
A $1.00 BOX FREE
This Is a special and bona fld* offer. Rood
only to Dec. 15. 1901, by mail only, and only
to those wbo have never used our remedy be-
fore.
This Pill is purely vegetable, has been tested
and prescribed by phys' clans and has proven
tp be the test and safest and most effective
treatment known to medical science for restor-
ing Vitality, no matter how originally ceused.
Our remedies arc the best of their kind and
contain only the best and purest ingredients
that money can buy and science produce;
therefore we can not offer free samples. On
the rectlfct of Ji 10 we will mall you two (2)
$1 box«< of Winchester's Specific Pills.- The
• object of this offer is to bring our . remedy
more fully before the public. /
NO HUMPUf, OR TREATMENT SCHEME.
PERSONAL, OPINIONS. . .
I know of no remedy In the whole' Materia
Medica equal to your Specific Pill for Nervous
Debility.— Adolph Behre, M. D. t Professor of
Organic Chemistry and Physiology, New York.
' We believe It to.be In the treatment of Ner-
vous Debility as near a SPECIFIC a a any
medicine can be.. We have cured many severe
cases with from SIX to TEN, BOXES— B.
Keith, M. D., American Journal Indigenous
Materia Medica. . . " /
I have used your Specific Pill in many cases
of Weakness and with most perfect success. —
J. Milton Sanders, M. D., LL.-D.-i
Send for free Treatise, securely sealed. *
WINCHESTER & CO., Chemists,
Established: 1858..' -..;"
52G Beckman building.' . - -. - V Ne,w ; Tork
Manufacturers of Winchester's Hypophosphites.
A FOOD for the BRAIN.: NERVES and
J3LOQD, and not a stimulant. , - * /•;" ;
" ' - [This offer will not appear again.? :
. GBAPE-NXTTS.
QUIT WHITE BREAD.
CctddNot G«t Strength From It.
An EplscopaUan minister of Ellenville,
N. "I., who is interested not only in the
spiritual welfare of his congregation, but
la tbelr physical well-being also, eays:
"I can now do an' Immense amount of
work and feel no fatigue, for the reason
that I am using Grape-Nuts breakfast
food and have quit coffee entirely and am
using Postum Food Coffee.
Myself and family are all greatly Im-
proved in health- We have largely
abandoned the use of white bread. Up-
»aid of twenty-flve persons have changed
their diet on my recommendation. It is
glaJly given, because I know, from per-
sonal experience, whereof I speak."
It is a well-known fact that white
bread Is almost entirely composed of
starch and this is difficult of digestion by
many people, particularly those who have
weak intestinal digestion. The result of
the use of much white bread is a lack of
brain and nervous power to do mental
work and it also creates intestinal trou-
ble:!, because the excess of. starch fer-
raeats in the intestines and makes the
conditions right for the growth of mi-
crobes, whereas Grape-Nuts breakfast
food contains the needed starch, but in
a predigested form. That Is, It is trans-
formed uito grape sugar in the process of
manufacture and delivered In the pack-
a?€«, ready cooked, and In such shape
that it Is Immediately assimilated without
hard work of the digestive organs.
The food also contains the delicate par-
ticles of phosphate of potash, which, com-
bined with albumen, is used by nature to
ma.se the gray matter that must be In the
cells of the brain and the nerve centers
throughout the body, in order to give
strength and ability to • stand long and
continuous work. Both the Posfura Food
Co:lee and Grape-Nuts are sold by all
first-class grocers. - •
' JOE ROSENBERG'S. | , JOE I BOSESTBERQ'S. | ' J0E ; B P SENBERG ' S ' ~ J JOB \u25a0KOSBNBEBG^>
§^^^^ And You'll Be if You Come to Sec This Traveler's Sample 1
MWili \u25a0 /// J " ' Line of Ladics ' - while Skirts - i ' 1
/\u25a0^^k^wS^iillJ'wff Samples are usually better finished than the regular goods. They are made of fine |j
/ y cambric French muslin and English lawns, some trimmed with Torchon lace, others with Nor- 5
/ / h<Mfa^M^^ilr,[!' mandy, also fine Swiss embroideries, and finely hemstitched. We bouqht ihem for just one-half, M
/ m Ml ' . ' M 'vV /'/'I 1 1 'l I i I til/// I J II w ' J » \u25a0 J X, t
I / ' If' i) WwMm^wW an d our patrons will get the benefit of it. We' quote a few of the many, B
I l^^JmMiK W FiR , ST 7. V cu \u2666 n . \u2666 Tim2 and Money Saved by ' NecKwear. |
I fil^h^Wjwi hi % Ladlcs 5horl PcttIcoals - Buying Yovr Corsets From h e n , dalnty §
i / ift>^~^&^ Mi "kMk Made of fine muslin, finished with a : BU y m 2 IOVT COrSClS ITOm neckwear Is so /£3£ U
tmSt^imM^^m *«^ SSffi?^r^ J°e Rosenberg. . MM t
Hn^P|OW§ W NBXT-LJSl^ e s- lro LONa"wHiT^ . without a rind. LADIES" BLACK f^^Bggj %
fiWSSIs^^ «aP>- ferln S u this c °rset for al- accordeon pleated g
s ln- , %<S.° TV most half of lts real vaN ends. Large and *V^ A
j^^m^mmw^^S^^f \u25a0 JLC " e: , f mafl ?,° h M as L, bl^ k fuliaroundtheneck 75c 3
I ...HERES ANOTHER. sf>fT*yi Italian cloth, double side A».n anoxuc? $
I :/l •"'•\u25a0 ''SADIES*;. SKIRT, made of soft 72*^ steels, rust prqof front T 1T , TT . e . ctopv- %tT ap« ™ a A*. 8
B . \^^^^^^^MW W bleached- cambric, finished with an //TftW^ steels > boned throughout LADIES STOCK COLLARS made a
I ' \\\\\Tm^MS^iW m * - eighteen-inch flounce, with three rows ( Ymp$ with genuine whalebones, of velvet and pleated satin, com n B
1 W^4i\mkmmmW) I' \u25a0 *'ide Tine .torchon lace insertion; also &<ffl i< irade in all the newest different combinations • ch h f a s , bl^- §
i W\\ M mwJEmm//// ll P trimmed .with four-inch lace ruffle and > shapes: a corsot that will and white black and pink, black and H
9 uvi UjI'M XWmiliW/l' \u25a0- • finishedwith dust ruffle. We will noc lend prace and charm to blue, black and red. black and yellow. £
m WmMW/ '\u25a0 : guarantee how long these skirts will any form. "We match this to any made etc. Why not be dressy and neat for r
H IflW -^ '\u25a0 •' '\u25a0 last in the store at this price.. §1. i£5 to order corset for just one-half the this little price — lOc j
I i" :'^:' r -Thelast^ «„! " "A,^,""\;"l""l"'"'" **>•*>() -«, . c-^mlxio T1it>i»£> Will [f
I a. ££-".i^ Sale O Farrell-street entrance. What a iCramDle .1 Here Will k
& Always Consider Yovr inoney • l, ADIE s' skirt, made of extra fine Extra 1 Extra! Be for These. ys
1 Yovrs Until Satisfied- v S5^'tj»wffl tt j^^^ p^t c e°r rs c e o t mb^e d d H T O h S e E w su & oS?IX£ i 8! B . nfi£ S£5 1
I Then there are two of r * satisfied.; SS^^l^iSSf^^^SnSl 1 & '^t Jgg^ fr^^ualn^-^t^ |
\u25a0 ~** 8 /oz. LADIES' WAISTS trimmed with wide torchon lace ruffle; vertise their new corset. The Velvet' SS,V^u. mtJ?kin stlfched back two- 1
H SB* —Made of tha. best Ameri- also dust ruffle trimmed with torchon Grip Hose Supporter manufacturers rench f ; d^f r L ' T n fl ii th P n P we"t Sfl
i Y^f \u25a0 can- fancy silk stripecrepe jace. "Rare opportunity at this price wanted us to advertise their new sup- clasp f ast eners. in all t ne ™ ewe.t m
M J®£' cloth, \u25a0• new sleeve.-. with ?•• •.;.:..;.. ;..f....... $2.45 porter. They have made us a wonder- B ™2. e 2= . „,•, «tSi thm thw wm M
H iSw/V '•-"\u25a0'.\u25a0button cuffs, /detachable r \ M '- ' ; " «?'-•' ti t r~~~.. D.'.J' ful concession. The corset is made of at ,* 1 : 25 * p t«^ xvl twl H
3 //#W#rS\^ ! collar, .lined. Comes in.'MoneV-SaViniJ Women Kcatl very best fast black sateen, new mill- called a bargain. We warrant them m
m r " : !mWrtW\-"' tllia season's "newest sfail \u25a0\u25a0- s J *. . .-»ru* " ' tarv straight front, lace trimmed, low and fit them for to-day and t°- m or- m
M mwW ill i shades.- You". would pay, ' '. \u25a0',,"'. iniS»: -.-,,'.: '.'. ' bust, loner over the hips, bias cut, hand row a»A.«u
. ;'. Vl^*V A/'., more for. the- material > f . .".. '. '• Tj-rrmrvMcj fr« m PatPf. & or ed. The hose supporter is the-new , _. t . T g
••\u25a0VM^';^' than we ask. for the waist l«k . ., \u25a0•*??&™. f ' whlre tho Patent clasp, which is attached to the An OWICC 01 PrCCaUtlOn IS |J
. Sale O'Farrell-street entrance. . Wjk arf £21°™ A'vfn'uXeS f^e^'^tSeVS* ££ SSS^i W ° rth a ° ! CVPC " 3
\<tn T\iK*r\r\nintmc>nt ' ' \u25a0 W^&JflF P ieces of aW-»»k. corde.i, el a sn that never tears never sHps r^- FOR HEALTH AND H
"0 wISaPPOintment . ttKf^ wash ribbon, width Nj. tW eorSt tnls^ose U& COMFORT. LADIES' H
' ' : \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'- -- W**ell uz wenHvtrti**^ ' MWJ© - 60. . 3^ .inches wide. By JS?ch2d tor wltn tms . noae BU S P 1 ? r ±% Vj DRESSING JACKETS- B
.- :.:;.. <»**«" « we advertise. . l/VTW^r^ pulling^ one cord in the attached lor Sl.-o I< C^. Made of extra heavy all- H
..." We bought-from a Swiss, handker- : j> £%&/?,'<'* ribbon, it makes, a- pretty __ v f\__n M_« J TU»__ M«» . |4^\ wool eiderdown, finished fa
chief manufacturer 85 dozen LADIRa' V$P?Z\' ' fluting-, which can. be H YOU 110111 JMCCQ iflCm HOW / X.- r5A with turnover collar, new m
: HANDKERCHIEFS, - slightly imper-" \fSEBS ; used for fancy cushion U.V- l-IM' bishop sleeves, crocheted H
\u25a0 ;f ect," hardly noticeable with the naked' ,. ruffles. Vor for -the neck. YOU 11 Need TilSDl wiOOIl. \X ffl edge all around tho H
.', eye.. They come three in each bunch. Colors pink. blue, lemon, brown, . i v "i jacket of all-wool yarn. H
ITou could not buy one of them less white, navy, black, etc. Instead of 25c. But you won't buy them again * • Why not buy them now m
than 15c apiece; we will sell each for to-day ond to-morrow 12%c at these prices at this low price OSc R
tunch 23c We know we will have T wn T|/>nic Frnm fliir TiHv -. . . H
enough to last until noon; beyond that *WO Hems rrODl UUr 11UJT 98 M ELBA COMBINATION SUITS- A Mrtth«»p\ Frfpnd 3 Child S S
we cannot promise. . BpnnrtmenT Made of 70 per cent Australian wool, •**• * *"l"'CA •» * * ifciiu, u vuim j ga
Bnna this ad with you and see if this «tcp«* i.*iiv«*» high nec i t> i ong sleeves and ankle . Delfoht 9
/.»>?»..«.,.\u25a0«« S^ s -S.de T "?h B e°n D e^ W^M ff'cW^ifecif'ff^s^^th"^- ODBNEW FERRIS WA.ST FOB i
Belts oi Every Style and De- tfgSS&ffg&Stt WM tSF-HS SB? j2S?fidT r 5taS S55F£?iS?&%$Z£'uZS& |
Serintion tonlshingly low for.... 35c -^'V^ fitting. Colors gray and white. Later with patent tape fasteners; the most Fg
\u25a0oUripilUU A«in AninTUBB • <i$ on you will pay twice as much for comfortable under waist made. A lit- M
u.. . . \u25a0„ . ., . . AND ANOTHER. &,{,-/'-, them It was our opportunity to sell tie article for little people for a Ilttla (4
' "^ 8 7£r£ZlJ— .{Sa^h^yce.^. .-SoC 1
,K§Sra inc RnQCNRFRp 816 MARKET STREET ' i
1?e eC n^w U e S f fe&Ts Sn^^^ ?5?SSal?y^ SJld^K^SSa'in*. JUt II U 5 1 H D C H U tunning through to ft OTarretf. |
| g d and^dlzed. Take, advantage^^der^lOO. Mall Orders Solicited. PHELAN BUI1 * D1N^ |
j ?M Dress A. GoAt | I
I «p, OPPORTXWriTIES ; I
m \^C^ ' The lyptss o? the Season. . g
Pi >T^ JS-^^ The picture we present herewith represents Q
n (f&WS. i\« ' the prettiest dress Idea of this season. All- jC
H \^c2 I V wo °l cheviot; tailor stitched skirt with large gt
H I \ \ flare "ounce, richly finished; blacks and blues g
jjg I \u25a0sV'r-i \ \ only; all sizes.' As these dresses are easily . «
\u25a0 ' K'l I I X I worth J20 we will charge a litU« more In case ' H
m f\\. & I A I of alterations when we sell them Monday and M
m •//Y\lC/# Tuesday for » g
BjL/'l*-/\ Striking Kersey Jackets. |
W^^ • \ / \ . Beautifully finished. In All-wool Kersey and $3
iLi —41'/^ 1 1\'"' 8llk »ned -throughout; blacks and castors; all g*
Kfl Illi. 1j 'l\ sizes. You have a chance to get one for y
I \W \ /i\\ The Reign ing Coat. |
m Wlli I / tl \ It's a three-quarter one. 42 Inches long, made - I.
G If Iff T / \\ \ by the best tailors from the finest Kersey and B
B '' /// / \u25a0•' / \\ \ silk lined throughout. It has a coat collar, is g
fig I — m J / I \ V exquisitely finished and is uniformly correct • gj
H-~_~.-^i / I \ \ •- in weight; blacks, castors, grays and tans. In- g
WCr~s^^\ I '^ 1 \ »"\ stead of asking \\% value. $1*. *>'• are popular- H
firprr I I \ \ \ izln S It at our price of g
BAr^jL^*/ "* > -*T™ li «Y ' China Seal Cape. B
B \\ / \u25a0'\u25a0//' 1 \ i Are you not tempted by these prices on furs'? H
HI/ ' I V-^ Cape 16 Inches deep, with yoke of real Black M
B II- I, r^sJ .. Astrachan. all satin lined << S12- Of ! H
Hy \^ W ' 1S lnches deeP-* 11 - 50 20 lnches deep..*12.fiO S
|Clpakftnd Suit H ouvse jLONDON, Oct. 26.— West and \u25a0- Central
London were . enveloped . to-night In. a
black fog: which plunged the. entire fash
ionable part of. the city into impenetrable
darkness. t The fog found its way Into
theaters and music halls ujitlliin many
cases the stage was scarcely visible.
Cabs took refuge under the, lights of pub-
He houses, refusing to move, and. scores
cf 'buses were abandoned around import-'
ant landmarks, -their not .daring
to proceed. * r " \u25a0 ,. K ' >,v . • ; \u25a0 .
The. scenes about the emptying-, theaters
were chaotic, the cries of the 'confused
and -helpless people only adding to the
confusion. Link -boys \u25a0> ran about trying
to lead fashionable equipages -out of dan
ger, giving London a medieval ..appear
ance. Many accidents have already been
reported from the Charing Cross and
other hospitals. ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'
* — . — _ — _ — ;~ — *
Drivers of Vehicles Take Refuge Un
der Lamps and Fear to Travel
the Streets. :
DENSE BLACK FOG
• SETTLES UPON LONDON
land of San Francisco, and Is a member
of the Buckler family of Baltimore. Mrs.
Lake. denied a report that she contem
plated divorce proceedings, and insisted
that she would return as soon as her or
der had been carried, out,' which, she
added, would be soon.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Borrowed trouble bankrupts a man pay
ing the interest. •
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. — The final
protocol closing the negotiations at
Peking between the Chinese plenipoten
tiaries and the representatives of the
powers, as submitted by Special Com
missioner Kockhill to the State Depart
ment, is a long document, .consisting of
twelve distinct articles. In general terms
these recite the measures taken by China
Final Peking Protocol.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Oct. 26.— Judge Bunn
of the District Court has filed an order
denying the petition of W. Melbourne Mc-
Dowell and others "for a temporary writ
of injunction against Clarance Burg and
L. N. Scott, enjoining them from using
Sardou's plays on which Fanny Daven
port-McDowell held a ninety-year license.
Actor's Petition Is Denied.
•Trapper's Oil cures rReumat:sm and neuralgia.
Dr ugeists, 50c Mask. Richard & Co. 406 Clay. *
SAN JOSE, Oct." 26.— Myrtle G. Foss to
day brought suit against Elmer: E. Foss
for divorce on the ground * Of . extreme
cruelty. The Fosses). who are well known
residents of Mountain View, were married
In 1898 and hav.> one child.'. About a month
ago Mrs. Foss left her^ husband.' She
alleges that on numerous occasions ho
kicked her, and once he threatened to kill
her entire family.' .
Says Husband Kicked Her.
OBERLIN, Ohio, Oct. 26.— Professor
Fenelon B. Rice, for thirty years director
of the Oberlin Conservatory of Music,
died to-night of heart disease, aged 60
years.
Fenelon B. Rice.
NEW YORK,' Oct. 26.— A. E. Tysoe, the
British champion half mile . runner, is
dead. He defeated J. F. Cregan of Prince
ton at that distance at the Anglo-Ameri
can meeting. In 1900. r
A. E. Tysoe.
'\u25a0 LONDON," Oct. 26.-At Lewis Waller's
presentation of "The Sentimentalist," by
H. V. Esmond, at the Duke of York's
Theater to-nignt, the house was packed
with expectant enthusiasts, who gave the
author the apparently unmerited honor o£
calling him twice before the curtain. ' A
majority of those present, •' however,
frankly expressed . their sorrow /that \u25a0 tin
originally intended title. . "The Derelict,"
had not been adhered. to. •\u25a0 :,".;-\u25a0
"When 'The Sentimentalist' is cut down
to reasonable ». proportions," say the
critics, "it may possibly be a success, but
in its present :\u25a0 shape it is doomed to
failure." .:•,;• -
Doomed to Failure.
HALIFAX, N. S., Oct. 26.— A telegram
from St. Louis has announced to rela
tives here the .death at Fernridge, Mo.,
yesterday of John McKay, the oarsman,
who for three years, with Jake Gaudar,
was double-scull champion of the world.
McKay was born in Dartmouth, N. S.,
but resided in Boston many years, where
he won many races and was an instruc
tor In rowing. He was about 40 years old.
John McKay.
' SAN . JOSE, r Oct. 26.— The storm which
has been threatening San Jose so long
broke to-night w'ith a precipitation of .10
of an Inch. It is still raining at midnight.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 26.— The day was
threatening and at 4:30 o'clock this after
noon a heavy shower" came. I Two addi
tional fierce showers came before 9 o'clock
and -it is estimated that more than' one
Inch of rain fell during the day. -
STOCKTON. Oct.; 26.— Rain began fall-
Ing here at 10 o'clock to-night and indi
cations are for an all-night storm. Heavy
rain at this time will damage late bean
crops which are being harvested and con
siderable hay is yet in the fields.: Potato
digging is in progress on.the'low lands.
FRESNO Oct. 26.— About.09 of an inch
of rain has fallen -to-day, and to-night,
making a total of .163 for the season.
Cloudy conditions prevail and the local
forecast promises additional showers. The
rain will be of no particular. benefit.
Coast Rain.
to satisfy the powers for the Boxer out
break and.'.the assassination., of ; the Ger
man Minister, v ,''. . ; Tffe ££&£ &t£- •
LONDON, Oct. 26.— Two Interesting tro
phies of war haYd] ju^rrea'cbed ".London
in the possession of : a well-known '''-' en
gineer. Theyl are . panels; from ithef travr
eling, saloona . of .Preaide.nts ;jcfuB;er and
Stein. One which'^'ifl<»rfrpm'.l'tiie^^hloon:
that for some week~s;"wasT tii"e the
Transvaal Government tis* a'.ve.ry/decora
tive affair. It is fi brilliantly- •> enameled
with a coat of arms -whlch's may be eitner
that of Mr. Kruger, of wthfi. republic, of
which he was the autocrat. One- orthe
panels represents an armed burgher, in
full fighting, kit, and on the panel be
neath is a very couchant lion, which may
have been intended as symbolic or pro*
phetlc, but the most curious thing about
the panel is its material. It is of bullet
proof steel, which seems to show that
when it was constructed the 'President
had an eye to the future.
Special -Dispatch to The; Ca'I.
Former 'President'; Rides
Behind^BUljet-Proof
-Panels. \u25a0'.": V
KRUGER TAKES
DUE PRECAUTION
V. . band. •,-\u25a0; '-. \u25a0'\u25a0
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— Mrs. James II.
S. Lake left. her country home, Crest
lands, near Great Neck, L. I., because
her husband had "retained., a. servant
whom she had .dismissed. This latter was
the cause of a violent altercation between
Lake and Edward J. Ratcliffe, an actor,
who had been his guest for about three
years.
' Mrs. Lake had not returned "to ":'\u25a0"-. her.
residence to-day, reiterating the assertion
she had previously made that - she would
not go back until the woman -to whom
she objected had left the place. :;. ..'..•\u25a0• .
\ At the time Mrs. Lake made her abrupt
departure," in 'addition to - several •\u25a0- other
guests, a friend was visiting • her, Mrs.
Long of Pasadena, .'; Cal.. . When - her,
hostess left, Mrs. Long would have gone
with her, but Mrs. Lake requested that
she await her ' return, and this'-' the guest
is doing. V -
Mrs. Lake is now employing her. time in
New York," awaiting, the, return of an- at
torney, finishing -the composition* of. a
song. Several of her efforts have' been
published and have met- with success.
She is not unknown as a magazine con
tributor and has translated several works
from Spanish and French. . ' . -
\u25a0 \u25a0 She was the widow of Dr. Charles. Le-
Mrs. James R. S. Lake Objects to an
Act of Her Hus-
LEAVES HOME BECAUSE
SERVANT IS RETAINED
Lumber Mills Are Burned.
IAEGER, W. Va., Oct. 26.— The \V. M.
Potter Lumber Company's mills at Dry
Fork burned to-day. The loss is $50,000.
Beware of of unscrupulous dealers who refill
Jesse Moore bottles with inferior goods. •
BUTTE, Mont., Oct. 26.— Work will be
resumed in all the properties \u25a0 of the Ana
conda Mining Company in Butte Monday
morning. This statement was made by
the officials lata this afternoon and it will
affect hundreds of men. The concentrator
shaft has been repaired and will be In
place in time to start the concentrator
Sunday evening.
Anaconda Hills Will Resume.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell is still in the fight
and will certainly win this time. '. Be sure
to vote for him for Mayor by, writing his
name with a lead pencil and stamping a
cross after it at head of blank cdlumn. * \u25a0
Coming.
Aged H. J: White of San Jose Wearies
of Awaiting Death's
ERECTS A GALLOWS
AMT> EUT3S HIS LIFE
SAX JOSE, Oct 26.— Crippled from pa
ralysis, and hovering on the brink of the
grave, H. J. White, an aged pioneer,
erected a crude gallows In the rear of his
tome, 347 North Fourth street, and
banged himself this afternoon. The old
tnan built a small platform of boards and
boxe3 four feet high and fixed a rope to
a crossbeam above. He then tied a sack
containing twenty pounds of nails to his
feet, placed the noose around his neck
and jumped from the platform.
For some time White had been hardly
able to get around. He was almost blind
and had. Buffered several strokes of pa
ralysis. He was 71 years af age and came
to California in 1S52.
Livestock Exchange Adjourns.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Oct. 26.— The thir
teenth annual meeting of the National
Livestock Exchange adjourned at noon
to-day. Pittsburg was chosen as the next
meeting place. Officers •were elected as
follows: President, "William H. Thomp
son, Chicago; secretary, C. W. Baker,
Chicago; treasurer, Levi P. Dowd.
Free-for-all pacing to< wagon, amateur
drivers — Little Squaw won two straight
heats. Best time, 2:06%. Mazette and
Frazler also started. .
Free-for-all trotting to wagon, amateur
driver— Mabel Onward- won two straight
heats. Best time, 2:10%. Franker, Ellert
and Captor also started. - - .
Special pacing to wagon, amateur driv
ers — Carrie M- won two straight heats.
Best time, 2:09}i. Saul, Maud E.and Dan
also started. " \u25a0
2:25 trotting, purse $1000— Red Princegs
won two straight heats in 2:13 1 ,i- Betsy
Tell, Scapegoat and Fred S. also started.
Free-for-all, purse $1000— Prince Alert
won two straight heats. Best time, 2:00%.
Riley. B., Anaconda arid. Indiana also
started. ' \u25a0 ' ''
2:08 class pacing, $1000 (unfinished from
yesterday)— Will Leyburn won the first,
second and fifth heats. Best time, 2:06.
Tom Nolan won the third and - fourth
heats. Best time, 2:08%. 'Don Riley,
Major Muscovite, Split Silk, lone; Dun
ston, Martha Marshall and The Admiral
also started:
MEMPHIS, Tenn:V Oct: 26.— The Mem
phis Trotting Association's fall meeting
ended to-day *with- two more world's rec
ords to its. credit..;, The. feature of the
day's card was. the free-for-all-pace, best
two in three heats. In this event .'Prince
Alert, by Crown .Prince, and .driven by
Curry,- made the world's records. In the
first heat - the • horse paced the fastest
half mile ever made by a gelding, pass
ing the pole in :59%. In the second heat
he established a world's record. for geld
ings, completing the circuit In 2;00%. The
Abbot, driven by Geers, attempted to
lower his record of 2:03 1 / 4. but failed. The
time by quarters was :31%, l:02«4, 1:33,
2:04%. Summary:. r
Prince Alert Sets Up Fresh Figures
;• for Geldings. at Both a Half
- • Mile and a Mile.
NEW PACING RECORDS i
ESTABLISHED AT MEMPHIS
No end of talk Is heard to-day about a
speech of Geneial Rafael Reyes, delegate
from Colombia, at a banquet given by, the
City Council of Mexico in honor to the
delegates of the Pan-American Congress.
General Reyes was responding . to '\u25a0 the
toast of the delegates and was speaking
for those from the United States as weil
as the Spanish-Americans. In this ca
pacity he paid a warm tribute to Spain.
The Marquis de Prat, Spain's Minister,
arose and thanked General Reyes. ' If has
been currently reported that the mission
of the Marquis was especially to watch
the Pan-American conference.
MEXICO" CITY; Oct. 26.— The members
of the Mexican delegation to v .the. Pan-
American Congress, to-day informally met
their colleagues to receive suggestions as
to- the amendments' to' the proposed reg
ulations of the congress. •"This- evening
the delegates attended the reception given
by Minister of Foreign Relations Marlscal
and Mrs. Marlscal in the Department ' of
Foreign Relations. The best of Mexican
society was present. . - ,-
Congress Discuss Amendments
to 'Proposed Eegulations. 1 \u25a0';.'.-
E«presentaives at : the , Pan- American.
DELEGATES ENTERTAINED - "; N
,BY MEXICAN SOCIETY
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— The State De
partment has not heard of the: reported
cpening of communication between the
missionary agents in Turkey and " the
brigands' who kidnaped Miss. Ellen M.
Stone. In fact there has been no word
from Mr. Eddy and Consul Generel .Dick
inson since yesterday morning, when
their messages were of a negative char
acter, so far as' news is concerned. Never
theless, the department is satisfied that
its agents are acting with energy com
bined with prudence. Especially. , does it
credit Mr. Eddy with a display of zeal
in his effort to relieve the condition of
Miss Stone.
CONSTANTINOPLE, ;'Oct. 26.—Negotia
tions wit.h the brigands' from Melnik,,in
the province of Salonica.r for the -release
of Miss Ellen M. Stonei- the American
misslonary/jandiher companion,. Madanve
Tsilka.are progressing favorably and the
officials Shere s houirly. : anticipate ; important
developments'; : \u25a0'\u25a0•'' " • = C > " & ~;"'~;' ."' \ \u25a0 f 7 ;,'+"^ 1
' Miss Stone- arid her \u25a0\u25a0'. were
alive and! well". five days;agb.",VConsequent
ly," the repbrted death bfvMadame'Tsilka
is *untrue.-_- This- news ! corries.:..thr6ugh". r a
sure channel, which is kept, secret,,* be
cause it -is the one through- which/the
negotiations with I the brigands are con
ductedl-* -\u25a0 .. - ;'- \u25a0*• ?\u25a0•\u25a0. \u25a0'.
Negotiations With Brig
ands Are Progress- -
;ing Favorably. '
The investigation was based on official
reports from the various city schools.
The work was initiated by the City Board
of Education. The Superintendent direct
ed all the teachers In the four grades of
gTammar schools to report the standing
of every pupil under their charge. It is
believed this is the first test of the kind
ever made in the United . States.
SPOKANE, Oct. 26.-Offlcial tests of the
value of kindergarten training in the pub
lic schools were completed here to-day.
The tests were most complete, the stand
ing of about 3000 children in the eleven
schools haVing been ascertained. ' The " re
sult shows that in a general average of
studies, neatness, deportment and perse
verance the children who attended kinder
gartens before entering the public schools
lead the other children by but fifteen one
thousandths of one per cent.- The result
is a surprise to many local educators, who
believed the kindergarten children would
lead . by a heavy percentage.
On the other hand, the non-kinder
garten children lead by fifty-eight _ to
fifty-two in the grand average of tests by.
subjects. There are eleven schools, ani
ten subjects arc covered in each school.
The non-kind«tgarten children lead in
language in six of the eleven- tchoels, In
arithmetic in seven, in writing in six, in
drawing in seven, in neatness of books in
eight, in deportment in seven, and iu
perseverance in six. .. _• ;• < j.-.
The kindergarten children lead in read
ing in nine of the eleven schools, in spell
ing in seven, and in neatness of work in
eix.
In the four subjects which test .the
moral nature the non-kindergarten chil
dren excel in three and . the kindergarten
children in one. In neatness of books the
non-kindergarten children excel in eight,
of the eleven schools. In deportment they
«xeel in seven of the eleven schools.' In
perseverance they excel in six of the
eleven schools. . ,
Siwcial Dispatch to The Call.
The total for the "Weather Bureau, -as
submitted by Chief Moore, and . included
in Secretary Wilson's estimates for Con
gress, Is $1,218,090, an increase of $169\770.
There is an increase of $113,950 in -salaries
and of 558,000 for vegetable pathological
work. The total estimates for forestry
work are $260,180. an increase of $113,900,
and for soil investigation '$183,000, an in
crease of $82,000. These increases are. to
; meet the . expanding work along special
i-lines. . • . . ? \u25a0 - \u25a0
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— The estimates
for the Department of Agriculture for
the next fiscal year aggregate $4,789,540.
.This Is against $3.S62,420 for the current
fiscal year,- showing an increase of almost
a million dollars for next year. This in
cludes $10,000 for silk investigation, which
is to be entered upon \u25a0 for the first time.
It is to enable the department to experi
ment, collect and disseminate information
relating to silk culture in this country.
Estimates of Depart
ment for ; Next * .
Fiscal Year.
Make Poor Showing in
Official Test in
Spokane. .\
KINDERGARTENS
NOT ESSENTIAL
MONEY IN AID
OF AGRICULTURE
ABDUCTED WOMEN
ARE STILL ALIVE
A PLOT, as daring and criminal as
was ever concocted by a felon in
stripes, has been exposed at San
QuentUi Prison. By the timely,
discovery of the plot the direc
tors of the prison will be able to save to
the farmers of the State the jute ba&
output of the mills at the prison. Fals?
affidavits made by alleged farmers and
presented by different firms and corpor
ations . who were supposed to act as
agents for purchasers of grain bags, have
been worked, on the prison officials until
certain firms in San Francisco carried and
sold large quantities of prison bags for
prices over 2 cents In advance of the
prison selling price. !
A determined effort wae made to corner
the whole output of the mill for the % f ol
io wing year by these " speculators, who
took advantage of a loosely constructed
law and sought to effect the corner by
simply tiling applications for the purchase
of bags in 2000 lots. Many of these appli
cations were made by bona fide farmers,
but orders calling for the entire product
of the mill put the directors upon their
guard. The .investigation that followed
showed that gross fraud existed among
most of the applications. The directors
have prepared the following circular ad
dressed to the grain producers of the
State, setting forth their position and thi
law governing the sale of the bags:
An unprecedented demand for grain bags
manufactured at San Quentin Prison set in
early during the present year before much \u25a0 ot
the season's crop was fairly in the ground.
Realizing that the demands would speedily.:
cover the entire output for the year the Prison
Directors during the month of January, 1901,
reduced the number of bags that would be sold
to a single producer from 6000, the former
limit to 2C00. But this did not serve as an
efficient check. At least two \u25a0 months before
an acre of wheat was harvested orders had
been filed for every bag on hand or to be
manufactured up to September 15.
Hundreds of Orders Declined.
' As a consequence hundreds of ,later orders,
had to be declined, as there was no opportunity
for filling them, and many farmers; have been
compelled to pay the high rates for grain bags
exacted by - those who controlled the market.
At the same time the terms of -the somewhat
locsejy. drawn law regulating the' sale of San
Quentin grain bags does not seem to allow the
Board of Prison Directors any discretion as to
the receipt of orders that' are presented in a
lejral manner. ". . -• .\u25a0 . * • \u25a0 ''„..,
The language of the statute is as follows:
"Section 1. It'shall-be the duty of the State
Board of Prison 'Directors from time, to time
to -fix' the price and to 'give public -notice of
The prison mill produces five million
bags a year. This year the bags sold at
the prison for $5.65 a hundred. Those
bags that were cornered by means of
bogus affidavits were sold to farmers who
would' have otherwise purchased them
from the prison for $7.50 a hundred. Some
hope is yet entertained that the guilty
parties -may be discovered. Every bale
of bags that leaves the prison is num
bered and a record is kept of who receives
it. In this way the ring of conspirators
may be captured.
Five Million Bags Yearly.
In "the event that orders so received exceed
the output of the mill for the year, they will
be scaled pro rata. It Is hoped that this plan
will give the farmers of the State a more
even chance to secure supplies of San Quentln
bags, and the courtesy of the press is solicited
to give it as wide publicity as possible so that
there may be no misunderstanding on the
part of grain growers. It will at least prevent
the danger of an immediate covering of the
output of the mill and the consequences certain
to follow it. Any suggestion from farmers
bearing on the question will be gratefully re
ceived by the San Quentin authorities.
When seen at his home to-night Di
rector James H. Wllklns said:
There Is no question but that fraud has been
attempted. Advantage has been taken of a
loosely drawn law and an effort has been made
to effect a corner in the Jute bag output of
the prison. Last September the orders were
so large that the board concluded to accept
no orders until the grain was In the ground.
According, to one reading 'of the law there Is
nothing to prevent filing of, applications for
bags that would tie up the output of the mills
for years to come. The board has had to act
arbitrarily in the matter in order to protect
the grain producers. -
No matter whether the bags went' to the
farmer or the speculators the State would lose
nothing. The Intent of the law, however, atid
the aim of the directors is to give "the grain
producers the benefit of buying direct from
the mill. I am eorry In one way that the
affair Is given publicity at this time as we
have taken steps that would have ultimately
led to the detection of the guilty parties. At
present while we are morally certain of the
guilt of purchasers we lack the necessary
proof.
I understand that the board has been threat
ened, with mandamus proceedings to compel It
to accept orders for bags In advance. If this
is done the courts will pass upon the law and
we will know, where we stand. I do not think
that this fraud has been . practiced further
back than the present year, that is, to any
extent. • •
Orders May Be Scaled.
tstration, but preference will be given to those
from individual producers over orders that are
presented by farmers through large firms and
corporations.
the same at which Jute goods shall be sold by
the State, but at .no time shall the price fixed
be more than 1 cent per bag In excess of the
net cost of producing the same, exclusive of
prison labor. And it is made the duty of the
State Prison authorities to confine the sale of
jute goods to consumers direct, but no order
shall be filled for any one Individual or firm
during any one year for more than 5000 grain
bags except on request of the Warden and the
unanimous approval of the State Board of
Prison Directors. •
Sec. 2.- Demands for Jute goods by con-'
sumers shall be promptly filled In the order
In which they are made.- But when the sup
ply is short demands shall be registered at
the^pdson in the order of their arrival and
filled from the output of. the jute mill in the
order of their registration, provided that on
and after the 15th day of June of each year
by and with the conseitf of a majority of the
Board of Prison Directors the Warden may
nil orders for larger quantities to actual con
sumers as they may. In their judgment, deem
expedient; provided that orders of farmers
shall take precedence over all others; pro\'lded
further, that 10 per cent of the purchase price
shall accompany each order and the remain
ing portion must be paid upon delivery of the
goods.
Affidavits Must Be Made.
"Sec. 3. All orders for . Jute goods must be
accompanied by an affidavit setting forth that
the amount of orders contained in the or
der are for Individual and personal use of the
applicant, said affidavit to be subscribed and
sworn to before some Notary Public, or by the
Justice of the Peace residing In the township
in which the applicant resides; provided that
any applicant as heretofore provided for, : who
falsely and fraudulently procures Jute goods
under the provisions of this act shall be guilty
of a misdemeanor.
It seems perfectly clear that when legitimate
orders for^graln bags are presented within the
limits fixed the prison authorities have no op
tion save to receive ajjd file the orders. But
there is a question what may constitute a le
gitimate demand. For Instance, the board has
received within the past month numerous or
ders for the "coming season." There Is good
ground • for the suspicion that if. .these were
accepted and registered every bag that can be
manufactured up to September. 1902, would be
immediately, covered and the plain purpose of
the law to protect the grain growers be utterly
defeated. The statute does not provide for
such a contingency, but it seems plain that if
the orders can be placed now for grain bags for
the season of 1902 there ls^no reason why the
output -of the San Quentln mill could not be
tied up for the next ten years. •
The" Board of Directors have 'therefore di
rected the warden to return all orders for bags
and checks accompanying them to the senders
until further notice. The • board has further
determined to receive no orders for grain bags
prior to February 1, 1902, which is fixed a*
the opening of the bag year. All orders that
may be received will be opened on that date
and will have a common standing as to reg-
Investigation of Applications Discloses Existence of Gross Frauds,
Upon Which the Officials. Wi'l Take Prompt Measures to
Protect All the Bona-Fide Grain Producers of the v State
PRISON DIRECTORS DISCOVER
A PLOT TO CORNER JUTE BAGS
THE,SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. SJDTN DA Y r OCTOBER 27, 1901.
24
- v r -; ADVERTISEMENTS. J . . ; _ : _
On tb-Worrow and continuing all
this week we will have a special
display ot
NEW TRIIVIMINGS
FEATHER BOAS.
We will show 175 Choice FEATHER BOAS—
all new goods, just received ho express. These
were made to our order and are the finest
uualitu of Ostrich Feathers. The colors are
Black, White r Grarjf Natural, and Black and
White. The lengths are 36, 45, 54 and 72
inches, and the prices are sio.so, sn.oo,
$13.50, $16.00, $18.50, $22.50, $25.00
and $27,50 each.
Trimmtag Department
Black,; White and Golored- Appliaue 'Trim-
ming, from half an Inch to four inches- wide,
Persian Trimmings, all widths, from three-
auarters of an inch to three inches, and- in all
the new colorings for Fall. Black Medallion
Trimming, N ; from ofie inch v to three Inches
wide. 'Black Silk' and Chiffon Trimmlng;:alsb
Black antj White, • in the different widths,
Great varietu of New Belt -arid Trimming
Buckles, .Clasps arid Slides, In i plain and cut.
: steel; oxidized, jet, rhinestone and gilt.
SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY OF ABOVE GOODS,
/ 115. 117. ,119; 121 POST STREET.
We Have Manufactured
Vehicleis Many Years,
And - have reduced the business
to a- science. - iYou need not take
our woir'd;: for this, the .Vehicles
'speak for themselves. j ; ,
Rftos. Company
Market and Tenth Streets. ' T
We Pay No Rent. Own Our Buildinft.
LACE CDRTAINS.
Largre shipment Just received.\ Irish Point.
Nottingham, etc. Portieres also in great
variety. We furnish your v house complete,
too, all at lowest prices. Call and see be-
fore purchasing • Just off Sixth st.. one
block from Market, only. An Immense
stock of flrst-class goods to select from. •
Berkei delIvery to Oakland. Alameda and
THE J. NOOHAH FURNITURE COMPANY
-.••.:- (Incorporated),
10 I 7- I 023. MISSION STREET,
Above Sixth, San Francisco.
we close at 6 p. m. every day but Saturday
£8 Be R3 Ke3I ll Eli BlftJ
''K9M-W- E7 «C2r p E RMANEJTCX.T
r^-M #- ; f . 3^ CURED. No surgery
rj- " ." ~^^7^*^ or delay. Names o£
BO prominent business men sent as reference.
Str^S^. 1 ?, P * For Particulars addx««*
PHTSICIAN. •\u25a0 box 1J50. Call offlc*.
% Suits and Skirts
Vx'^^j * -- These ar.e strictly man-tailored garments, made
. nfl jBu • * n the height of style. Not one manufacturer alone,
«l\ \ but many, have Veen brought' into line, and each has
[ IW 1 produced his share In this offering. We have nearly
L/\\M!^^ two hundrc d suits for you to choose from at this
'/No»f\ price. They represent the nobbiest suits of the sea-
/ '/j»ll *•*"* son * n homespuns, broadcloth .Venetians and chev-
II I lots, mjfde up in the new blouse effects in all the
' ' ' ' n I nS \u25a0 correct shadings, Including black; the price Js • $
\ Jj ;4\" $25.00 a Suit.
- 7l'/ /A- Separate \ Skirts.
, / I / //"^•\ \u2666 A splendid .collection- of new styles await you at
sTl i I I • y' our store in dress: and walking skirts, silk nets,
/ (// » cy-^& hop - sackings, broadcloth Venetians and velvets;
V-- l/3Ss«--^^"*>C^^ • our showing of silk skirts has always been large
FT - i'V"^ and thoroughly up-to-date. We are sure that the
v^l » _>• prices '.will please you.
Dress Skillets-
Several dress skirts, as well as many walking and . rainy-day skirts, will be
offered Monday at an extremely low price; the styles are the same as the
most expensive kind; but the price Is 'but
' $5.OO; Each,
Trimmed Hats.
' This week we will make a greater showing: than ever of those handsome
trimmed hats at $5 00. There are many beautiful black velvet hats amonsr the
lot, all awaiting your choosing, at * "... . ' 6 ; .
$5*OQ: EacH. v
,, APVEBTISEMENTB. ' ,. '.'-\u25a0
\tj[./ Dollar \
/ 1 * ® I \ Quarter !
[iJ/j j £ \ FOB THAT PRETTY WINTER I
I fill j^ 0tk R/^ tfitf M sf^ >^psM m
ml |[ \u25a0 rAjf Reefer Coat I
mj si 0 y^<^^ Pictured opposite,' in darK shad:, I
t '^j/v/$k a 8« 3 *o 8 years. .' I
M Hf I * H f \u25a0 That * Cn * ° f 0Ur M0NDAY SPECIALS /
IS? I VN1QN jaVARL AVMV&. .
Dress Suit Cases
and lia£s
; of all descriptions comprise a
: portion of our stock. We can
tit you out better in these
- goods than any other dealer
in the city, and our stock is
wholly reliable. We have no
shoddy goods.
Be sure you come to the
right number.
j 128-132 Ellis' St. .SantaBer.'
f . Above Powell ft.
HEREAFTER THIS FIRM WILL
USE. AS A TRADEMARK
THE WORD
OCULARIIM "
\u25a0 nin xm rH0 > SCIENTIUC \
64Z Market ot. Instrumints
. iinDtR,CMROMicu nuiiniKb. CATALOGUE Trh.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
i iS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IN VIGORA-
j • tor and Nervine. - . '..« ',...- . - .
* The moat wonderful' aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. .'Sells on its own merits
i NABER. ALF8& BRUNEV Agents" "
j »/, 323 Market sL, 37 F.— (Send for Circulars.)
|| It is certainly saying much when we 'declare we S
B can satisfy any one with our shoes. This not . only Eg
H ' means satisfaction in quality, but also satisfaction in m
5 price, for we give our best exclusive styles in 'a' good K
f| quality of leather, and guarantee a perfect fit, for tap
U $3-5°-. We '• stake our reputation upon the „ assertion B
6 that these shoes excel any ever offered for so low a ' : ISWELL TEA GIVEN IN HONOR
OF MISS LANDERS, DEBUTANTE
DEBUTANTE WELCOMED INTO SOCIETY'S REALM
WHILE MANY AFFAIRS BRING WEEK TO A CLOSE
Pretty Girls Pressed in Costumes of the Fatherland a
. ; Feature of the "Anniversary Fair.
SAN FRANCISCO TURN VEREIN
CELEBRATES GOLDEN JUBILEE
The orchestra will give a grand concert
to-night in the Krachwinkel market place,
while in the St. Pauli theater there will
be given a programme of unusual merit,
including numerous choruses by the sing
ing section of , the San Francisco Turn
A number of candidates were present
during the evening, and the fair promises
to be a popular campaigning field during
the eight days. \u25a0 , . \u25a0 . .
the wheel of fortune, and tickets for all
the personal property in Krachwinkel. .
"with blazing lights, flowers and
beautiful girls. The visitors were formal
ly weloomed and the Burgomaster opened
the fair with due ceremony. Orchestras
rendered fitting music, • and the German-.
Americans of the city and their, friends
entered into the spirit of the fete with a
zest that '.. was proof positive of . the
pleasure they derived from It.
r M HE Golden J Jubilee > Fair ; in Turn
I Verein-Hall was /^Suspiciously in-
I augurated last night. The quaint
JL -.-town of Krachwinkel was bright
The annual Chicago Horse Show is to
be held at the Coliseum during the week
beginning November 4. The directors an
nounce that the stables of the" leading
amateur horsemen of America" will be rep
resented. A representative^ of the Chicago
association announces ? that \ Thomas \u25a0'"\u25a0 W.
Lawson and Eben D. Jordan of Boston,
George Gould, Cornelius Vanderbllt and
William H. Moore of New York; Joseph
E. Widener and E. T. Stotesbury of Phil
adelphia, and Howard. Wllletts of White
Plains, N. Y., will be 'represented -in the
show.' Howard Willetts is expected with
his champion jumper, which will try to
break the world's record of 7 feet 6. Inches.
The : Chicago association has decided to
Mrs. Herman. 'Oelrlchs, following the
example: of Clarence , Mackey,: who "has
given a $4090 organ to the Catholic church
at Roslyn, has given a grand piano to the
Newport branch of the Young; Men's
Christian Association. -
r \u25a0• \u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0\u2666'»\u25a0
meeting the Minister's wife were greatly
charmed with her. vr
SCENES AT THE OPENING OF THE BIG ANNIVERSARY PAIR BEING
HELD IN HONOR OF THE GOLDEN JUBILEE OF THE SAN FRANCIS
CO TURN VEREIN AT ITS HALL ON TURK STREET.
?-5j.f AT. Munroe, freight; traffic : director. of
the Union Pacific ! Company," arrived from
: Homer Davenport, 1 the . newspaper; car
toonist arrived from New York last even-
Ing and is staying with J relatives in : this
city. : .'•-.\u25a0 -•:\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0•".;\u25a0\u25a0/" \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0' \u25a0;- \u25a0 '>:'\u25a0 \u25a0 ~ ". I
- -' H * ' I v Seymour,'-: : connected ,' with the
Southern Pacific, Company, with; head
quarters at Sacramento, is ; staying at \u25a0 the
Grand: - : \u25a0\u25a0:-'!'.;..' :'' : ". : :~r~:\. \u25a0':'\u25a0\u25a0 :'\u25a0 >/.
Dr. M. C. ; Pettit of Visalia- registered' at
the Lick yesterdays i ; v "
Lewis Aubury, ' State Mineralogist, is
staylng.at .-the Grand. . .
FrailtA. Cressy.r a- banker of .Modesto,
is among the : arrivals at the , Lick. ,,
GeorKe J Denls^ one ' of the California
Code Commissioner, is at the Occidental.
PEHSONAIi 'MENTION.
Mayor Phelan Z and Joseph - S. - Tobin
were among the visitors.-: Each of them
was in turn '.captured, by -bewitching offi
cers in most' distracting costumes and in
carcerated in the town jail, because they
stubbornly preferred citizenship in San
Francisco to that in Krachwinkel. . "
£j National costumes were in , evidence
everywhere^ Pretty girls served refresh
ments in' the Hofbrauhaus, , sold ." chanced
at articles in the fancy, booth, paddles for
Candidate Tobin Arrested.
A grand march about. the market place
of the legendary town at 9 o'clock was
followed by the: formal opening. Hans
Veronl made the opening speech, and the
Burgomaster, W. Levy, "responded from
the window in the tower of i the town
hall and at the conclusion of his remarks,
he touched a button that turned on the
full blaze of illumination. v--^
An orchestra, under the direction ot
Louis' von der Mehden, gave.a concert in
the "market place," while in the theater
of Hamburg's midway, St. , Paull, a pro
gramme of music and vaudeville was
rendered.
yellow shaded lamps to furnish the illumi
nation and magnificlent bunches of mari
golds on the table and oak sideboard.
Miss Elizabeth Rawn was • the guest of
honor at a delightful luncheon given by
Mrs. Linda Bryan yesterday. "at the Pal
ace Grill! After {he luncheon Mrs. Bryan
and her guests went to the Orpheurn. .
Those asked to meet Miss Rawn were
the Misses Cluff, Miss Reis, Mis . Mabel
Toy and Mr. Lester Herrlck.
Miss Rawn ieaves shortly to join her
mother in Denver, and from there mother
and daughter will Journey in their special
car, to Cincinnati, where their, home 1b.
Miss -Rawn is receiving a great deal of
attention here. She is . an . extremely
beautiful 'girl and altogther charming.
She has not yet been formally presented
to society, buMs to make her debut the
latter part of November in Cincinnati. -
\ Mrs. John P.- Jones and-her daughters
have taken apartments at the Osborne, at
Fifty-seventh street \ and - the
New York City. \ Miss Alice -Jones will
study modeling; at the Art League, and
Miss Marion Jones will "continue* the
study of the violin. Mrs. Jones expects
toi divide her time between Washington
and New, York. -^- .-. ... . y • -
• — '\u25a0 • . ; •
' Mrs. Wu, the; wife. of the Chinese Min
ister,, has' sailed from Hongkong' and .will
reach Washington the last •, part • of this
month. She is accompanied' by three
young Chinese girls, , who. will /reside .at
the^Chlnese : legation.' X>uring ; Mrs.; Wu's
stay in this ,city^ some 'few' months ,*ago
she was 'the (guest 1 - of 'honor at;a : dinner
given by; Mrs. Williani' Willis.. All who
on that; occasion had the pleasure of
BY SALLY SHARP.
IT "^VAS a. genuine crush, swell and
b€'.autlfully gowned at the Landers
tea yesterday afternoon. It was the
first formal affair in honor of a
debutante, and everybody went to do
honor ;:o the fair little maid. \u25a0\u25a0-.
Pearl Landers is an ideal debutante.
Petite, dainty, slight, with a sweet,
wistful young face, a. -clear, beautiful
skin and soft brown hair f that u curls
naturally, she looked extremely fetching
and altogether demure in her , exquisite
white lace dress. *
It •was a. stunning and altogether won
derful gown. The lace was Just slightly
tinged with a faint yellow, the yellow
that ccmes with age, and the pattern was
a most delicate one. It looked as though
the haads that wove the fairy mesh had
intended it for just such a dainty bud as
Landers. The lace was made over a
1 white :511k foundation, excepting the neck
and 6l<jeves, which were unllned. The
dress was made exquisitely simple. There
was no relieving color, save a rosette of
pale pink tulle that was pinned to the left
side of the corsacre.
Then; roust have been more than three
hundred people .in the pretty Octavia
street house during the tea hours— 4
till 7.
Mise Landers received the many guests,
assisted by her parents. Mr. and Mrs.
John Landers; her sister, Mrs. Fred W.
Tallant; Miss Edith Huntington, who Is
also one of this season's debutantes Miss
Helen Dean, Miss Elsie TalUint, Miss
Margaret Salisbury, Miss Azalea Keyes,
Miss Elhel Cooper, Miss Therese' Morgan,
Miss Sophia Pierce. Miss Linda Cadwalla
der. Miss -Mabel Landers, Miss - Bernics
Landers and Miss Marguerita , May." v *>
Mrs. Landers wore an exquisite gown
of white silk, completely, covered ) with
magniUcent black Chantilly -lace. -, Mrs.
Tallant looked very handsome'^ln , white
crepe 3e chine, elaborately trimmed with
lace. The house was prettily decorated In"
honor of the occasion. In the. main draw-,
" ly-« room countless vases \u25a0were filled with
-Jv-re flowers Fent by admiring friends to
tire debutante. In the reception hall red
was the prevailing color and ) ' madrone
berries! and 1 geraniums were used to carry
out tfce effect. .' • ' . . :-
The handsome dining room was . aglow.
In yellow. There were yellow candles and
.'.The members of the California Camera
Club held one of : their popular receptions
yesterday afternoon. - Refreshments • were
served by the lady members of : the "club v
The views taken by the clever amateurs'
and. whichhad been placed on exhibition'"
were greatly admired. . , .
Miss Ellison met Sir Charles in. London
soon after his return from South Africa. '
The fair bride to be- Is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Ellison \ of Louis
ville and is descended 'from a"- noted Revo
lutionary family, her great-grandfather,
General Charles Scoot, .third. Governor of
Kentucky, \u25a0 having ' been , . a general :. on
Washington's staff.. Sir Charles. and his
bride will go to London immediately after
their wedding, but will return to America
next year to live twelve months In Mon
treal,-where Sir, Charles has some exten
sive business interests. . j -—
Third among Louisville belles to marry
a title within a year Is Miss Patti Burnley
Ellison, who will next month become the
bride of the third largest landowner in
Great Britain, Sir Charles Ross. Sir
Charles is landlord to f three thousand
tenants, who till 356,000 acres of his land.'
He Is a baronet of , Nova Scotia and the
ninth of his line.'. '.He was atffamous oars
man at : Cambridge University and later
came into. public notice as the inventor
of a new rifle. He has only within a year
returned from South Africa, where he
commanded an artillery battery \ that he
himself equipped. Before the war he was
lieutenant of the Seaforth . Highlanders,
and when detailed to South Africa was
made a major. " . ' " ' - : '. -
offer an- additional $300 trophy for this
class. James Hobart Moore, president of
the Chicago association, will make a
number of entries in the harness class.
A CHARMING BUD OF THE SEASON, A PRETTY BRIDE AND A MA
TRON WHO WILL SING AT THE ENTERTAINMENT TO BE GIVEN
BY THE DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS. .. w ' :
* Mrs. - TN'lllard B. Harrington, - Mrs. John* F.
Merrill, ' Mrs. M. H. de tYoung, Mrs. Lowell
White, Mrs. ,• George . E. .Bates, - Mrs. Henry
Payot, .: Mrs. W. D. McCarthy, -Mrs. • Isldor
Lowenberg, Mrs. F. Q. * Sanborn,- Mrs.' Arthur
Cornwall. Mrs. Redmond Payne, Mrs. • James
F Smith.: Mrs. ; Selden S. Wrlgrht, Mrs. Rodney
Kendrlck, Mrs." A. P.: O'Brien, Mrs. Sylvaln
WelU.Mrs. Thomas Cole, Mrs. Martin Regens
burger, Mrs. A. B. Costlgan, Mrs. \u25a0 A. : • G. r
Booth, Mn.' J.'Wllson Shells, Mrs.' James C.
Crawford. Mrs. J." H. Jewett, Mre. ,R. - H. War
field, '•? Mr».' J. R. -Hanlfy, Mrs. .J. J, Scivllle
Mrs.jEdward Xavler Rolker. Mrs. B. P. Schell,
Mrs.' V. -P. Buckley, Mrs. '\u25a0 •W.*, P. Buckingham,
Mra.'C. Mason Klrine.s Mrs. Gerald J.. Fltz
glbbon,: Mrs. .'Squire. JarickMooney. *
; ' TheVyoung ladies of ;the ' reception com
mittee ; are : Miss 'Lora* Clark; Miss Alma
Seatty,* Miss • Laura ! Denson, *Mlss Kath
leen Booth and Miss Jeanle Brown. 1 ,~:
• The preparations for the grand vaude
ville benefit •' show at ' the Alhambra
Theater, to be given next Thursday after
noon, October 31, for, the j Nurses' Home
and. Training School ' at the City and
County Hospital has been -< going on act
ively- and -.'are s now nearly complete. A
programme by the very best talent is as
sured. Among the good- things already
secured are the second act of "Tennes
see's Partner," by the Alcazar people; a
scene from the I opera' of "Glrofle-Girolla"
by Eleanor Jenkins; vocal numbers by
Madame Camllle d'Arville-Crellln; spe
cialties by w Messrs.'.. Kelly and Marlowe:
singing by the Paloma Quartet, clevur
girl artists; soprano eongs j by" Alyie
Gates, 'accompanied-, -by Roscoe "Warren
Lucy; 'cello solo by Paul Friedhofer, ac
companied by Fred Maurer Jr. ; dramatic
rendition from Shakespeare by Dr. J. Wil
son Shells, and -a violin . solo by Miss
'Eaton. Tickets and boxes are in demand,
and beginning with \-: to-morrow morning
seats can be reserved- at Sherman &
Clay's, \u25a0\u25a0-' , •\u25a0. -\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0 • ' . ;--\u25a0:-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0- :\u25a0\u25a0. . . •
The funds realized by the benefit are to
be used for the arrangement and. furnish
ing of a-* comfortable . reception and as
sembly-room for the nurses: at the hos
pital. '
The patronesses of "the affair Include:
* \u2666 »
The sale. will be held in the Maple Room
of the Palace Hotel on next Wednesday
and. Thursday afternoons' and evenings,
when a choice and .novel importation of
French goods and the latest art -work
from New York will be offered.
The fund accumulated at these sales
will go to the support of that ward at the
Woman's Hospital, where ten free beds
are' 'constantly- occupied', by : suffering
women,' '. . \u25a0
The coming holiday sale for the benefit
of the "free ward and. the free clinic ol"
the Woman's Hospital is attracting much
attention, : not only, among the hundreds
of friends of .^irjat' noble charity,- but
among the gen'fcral public.
While so ' muoh is being done for tho
evening programme the entertainment of
the. afternoon vis by no means bein'f
neglected. Mrs. Somner,. has charge of
that end of the affair and has secured th?
services of many clever young 'stars and
a few "grown-ups"- to help her out. "
; The afternoon programme is to consist
principally of songs and dances. \u25a0 Little
Clara Manning is to dance a clog dance,
Gladys Montagr.e, a talented little Miss',
will do some buck, and wing dancing-
Flossie Gardner will do a Spanish danci
,and Prosper Forrest and Gladys Mon
tague are to dance the cake-walk.
The "Florodora" society sextet Is now
letter perfect so far as the vocal end of
their little act goes. | Mrs. Birmingham,
who' was' coaching them' in the vocal
measures of the sextet, has dismissed
them as perfect and able to do without
her .valuable assistance. All that they
have to, do now is to cono.uer the dances,
and with that end in' view, they are prac
ticing almost' daily under the watchful
eye of Bothwell Browne.
•Little Anita Provard was .flower-bearer,
and the groom, was .attended by Carl
Schilling. Mendelssohn's wedding march
was played by Miss Ada Trefethen and
a trio of the groom's friends, B. Frank
Howard. Ben Tuttle and Carl Schilling,
rendered several, appropriate selections
during the afternoon on the cello, ..violin
and piano. Rev. {Mr. Gray, pastor of the-
East Oakland Methodist Church, tied the
nuptial jknot.'-. Slwrtly rafter 'the"ceremoriy
the young people; left, for the so'uthern
pjart of the^tate/' '. ;:';, *$ ,'; |t ,'.
*Thp bride is I the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Alphonse -HaSkins of 453 East Elev
enth street, Oakland; and is ; a winsome
and accomplished young lady, being th©.
possessor of a sweet voice. She is a grad
uate of the Oakland High School. \u25a0 The
groom is well known on the other side of
the bay and popular In college and so
cial circles. He is a graduate of the
State University; and has several medals
won as prizes in athletic sports. Mr. Tref
ethen is associated with the law firm. of
Chapman & Clift, and is the son of Eu
gene A. Trefethen.
noon,- was one of the pretty affairs
of the. season. The decorations were un
usually elaborate and tasteful, pink and
green prevailing in the reception room,
while : the dining-room was a glowing
mass of red blossoms. In the latter room
a dado' of. flowers encircled, the entire
apartment. During. the ceremony the bri»
dal party stood beneath an arching can
opy of white ribbons and vines, from
which hung numerous small pink and
white floral bells. Large plumes of the
date palm added to the artistic effect.
The bride wore a stylish , tailor-made
gown of mauve cloth with white satin
facings. A picture hat of mauve felt and
pmk roses completed the pretty costume.
She carried a bouquet of pink roses. The
maid of honor. Miss Emma Haskins, was
gowned j in pink organdie, trimmed with
white lace, ami carried pink carnations.
The bride's mother, Mrs. Haskins, wore
a handsome gown of cream corded silk,
trimmed with black velvet applique. Mrs.
Trefethen, mother of the groom, was at
tired in lavender' silk, with trimmings of
white chiffon and black lace.
THE wedding of ' Miss Ina Gladys
Haskins and Eugene Edgar Trefe
then", at the home of the bride's
parents in Oakland yesterday after-
Eugene Trefethen
-> Made a Bene
: diet. v
Miss Ina Haskiiis
Is the Happy
Bride.
WED UNDER
CANOPY OF
BLOSSOMS
•'\u25a0*; Deaths of children .under five years of
age In Boston last year were 32.14 per
cent of the total mortality.
\u25a0> \u25a0 . *- \u25a0\u25a0.. \u25a0 " . \u25a0 • •
NEW v YORK, Oct. : 26.— The . following
Californians are in New =York: From San
Francisco— R. ' Downing, ' at Cadillac; - J,
Dubois, W. G. li. Behr, at St.: Denis; > W.
J. Hardy and wife, J. Ballantine, at Mut-
Californians in New York.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
Raleigh— H. H. Sinclair. Los Angele3.
Fairfax— D." -W. Vaughn. Los Angeles.
New Willard-A. J. L. Briton. William
Plerson, \u25a0 Lawrence H. Pierson, San Fran
cisco. *.; : " " • • \u25a0 . - •.
Calif ornians in Washington.
\u25a0I"I I II I M--M-M--1 1 I-M-I-X-S-H-frO
ray Hill; C. F. Wright, at Sturtevant;
Mrs. J. M. Wright. Miss Wright, at
Grand; M. J. Engte. Miss A. Hyman, Miss
M. Hyman. at Victoria; K. Marriott, an.
Bartholdi; L. A Somers, at Netherlands.
From Oakland— Mrs. W. Evans, at Mor
ton. From Los Angeles— H; H.« Sinclair,
at Grand Union.
Auf St..PauH-Mrs. H. Hinr, Mrs. K. Nickel,
Mrs. Kleine. Miss C. Schulz. Miss Rosa SchuM,
Miss L. Braunbeck. Miss Ella Schohay, Mis*
Llllie Rogers, Miss L. Bemcr, Mrs. E. TroM*
boni, Mrs. D. Messerschmidt, . Mrs. D. Wedel
skind. " * . - •
'-Fancy booth— Mrs. G. A, Trost. Mrs. H. Ve^
'roni. Mrs. L. Thlerbach. Mrs. L. Attinger. Mrs.
.E. . Lotter, Miss Dolly Hauser. Miss Steigle,
Miss R. Loveland. Miss B. Moore, Miss Emma
.Lorick. Miss Etta Lorick.
•" ' Postof flee — Postmaster. Theodore Planz; Mrs.
Theodore • Planz. Mrs. Frank Wedekind. Miss
Maud' Schuppert. Miss M. Mlllman. Miss Nellie
Mast.:- \u25a0 ;Jv£>V,,>; : --> '-
Furniture booth— Mrs. F. Fischer. Mrs. H.
Goetz. Mrs. Binder. Miss Laura Sless, Miss F.
Binder.. Miss F. Kanein. Miss K. Hedrich. Mlsa
J. Helm. Miss Abraham. Miss a. Hedrich, Mla»
K. Helm. "7'.V t'
Spiegel, Mrs. Bergmann, Miss A. Sturken, Miss
Pauline Buhr, Miss Lena Sablatt, Miss Laura
Sablatt. Miss Katie Sablatt, MUa A. Bergman.
Miss U Burmelster, Miss A. Schoenfeld, Miss
M.. Miller, Mrs. W\ J. Ahlen.
Fish pond— Mrs. William Schroeder, Mrs. John
Schroeder, Miss Juliette' Schroeder. Miss Au
guste' Schroeder, Miss M. Mauser. Miss Flora
Wagner, Miss Wanda Nolte, Miss Katie Herbst.
Floral booth— Miss P. Krueckel. Mrs. Cook,
Mrs. Paul Otto, Miss N. Kahler. Miss T. Gold
stein, Miss Frieda Mueller. Miss Elsie Miller,
Miss E. Gehrkens.
Gypsy booth— Mrs. A. Krug, Mrs. M. Woltcrs,
Mrs. J. J. Kuehn, Mrs. S. Amark.
J. ;W. Van Dyke, who holds a* respon
sible position with the Standard Oil Com
pany, arrived from Lima, Ohio, yester
day and.registere'd at the : Palace. . •;,.."-
E..M. Pomeroy has been appointed act
ing 'agent \u25a0\u25a0 of the '\u25a0 Pennsylvania ": lines. A.
S. Hoit having tendered his : resignation
with the company. .- z>
Omaha yesterday and is a guest at the
Palace., '
: James Barton Adams, of the ; editorial
staff, of, the' Denver Post, is in the city,
and; the guest of relatives at 1606V4 Busn
street. • ' $•
Turkish booth— Mrs. H. L. Mueller, Miss C.
Schneider, . Miss B. Klelne, Miss I. Kummer
lander. ;
; Wine garden— Mrs. AV. Plasremann. Mrs. Stu
benrauch, - Miss Minnie Trost, Miss E. Plage
mann. Miss Annie Krueckel. Miss Conrad. Miss
Emma Planz. Mrs. E. Finking, Mrs. William
Hinz, Mrs. F. . Marchand. ;
Ice-cream- and candy— Mrs. J., Sablatt, Mrs.
' Muenchener Hof brauhaua — Mrs. C. Nielsen.
Mrs. H.-Thauwald, Mrs. Arndt, Mrs. S. Levl,
Mrs. L. Rapp, Miss B. Furth, Miss K. Huber,
Miss L. ' Wldman," Mrs. Poppert.
- Cigar booth— Mrs. Eging, Mrs. : K. Schoeder,
Mrs.- Scheunert. Miss Clara Trost, Miss - Julie
Kalmuk, Miss -Edith Flagemann, Miss ' . Elsie
Helm, Miss Fannie Sanders, Miss Annie Sim
men.. _'.-\u25a0. i?» : / -',-<? ~-'X; - \u25a0-''?..'
Coffee, tea. etc. — Mrs. L.. Braunschweig." Mrs.-
M. E. EKgerllng-, Mrs. C. Becker, Miss • Alice
Kalmuk, Miss Hattie Korn, Miss M. EggsrUng.
Miss J. Christensen, Miss Helen Goldsmith,
Miss Dorothy Limbaugh. Miss Stnrm. - '
""Wheel of fortune— Mrs. H. Franzen Sr., Mrs.
B. Amark. Mrs. A.- Franzen, Mrs. E- Kaul.
Mrs. E. G. Strohmeier, Miss L.. Weber, Mrs.-* ! HV
Bergman, Mrs. ' S. Fester, Mrs. Schacht,- Mrs.
H. Stleber. Mrs. Blanche Steinbruck. Miss A.
Lindemayer. * \u25a0
Following are the names of the ladles
In charge of the booths: '
Ladies in Charge of Booths.
Verein. The prima donna soprano N
Fraulein Olga Wagner, will sing.
[Pages 25 to 1!
© \u2666\u2666\u2666\u2666\u2666\u2666\u2666\u2666\u2666\u2666"\u2666>\u2666\u2666 t \u2666\u2666»\u2666\u2666\u2666 MIH \u2666 »»»£ "
* r . "'V "'-\u25a0-.'-.'- ' - * " - 7^^^prfl«*"fc^^*i*«l^^^»*'^"*' —^"^^^^^"^^^^^^*""*^ B *™ —^^^"^^ ' - t A \u25a0 ' \u25a0 .*\u25a0 \u25a0 ' \u25a0 * ' \u25a0'.* . ' \u25a0'"\u25a0'.. -*-»'—..'•*- '-i. .*.**.- - 1 " r*
\u25a0Bill
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1901.
Bevy of Popular Belles Help the Fair Bud Reeeive— Home
Aglow With Flowers Sent fay Friends.GAMES ON THE GRIDIRON
BERKELEY 6.
OLYMPIC 5
INCIDENTS OF THE FOOTBALL
GAME BETWEEN BERKE
LEY AND THE OLYMPICS.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen, which
were legislated out of existence recently
by the director s of the parent body of
the big athletic club, met last night for
the last time. The affair assumed ths
form of a banquet.
Much regret \vas expressed at the pass
ing of a club under whose colors raced on
this coast such men as E. C. Bald, Ot*3
Ziegler, C. R. Coulter, Allen Jones. E. R.
Russ, George Pope Fuller. E. O. Krag
ness, E. A. Bozio, C. L. Davla, W. k\
Foster and other celebrities of the roaJ
and path. It also gave to official cycling
such men as J. \V. Mullen, Charles Albert
Adams, H. H. White, H. D. Hadenfeldt,
T. G. Splllane. L. C. Hunter, H. V. Scott.
G. H. btratton, William Mackle, Chester
Xiyiick. S. G. Scovern and others.
President Mullen presided over the
gathering last night. ' In all the responses
was a touch of sadness that the Olympic
Club Wheelmen had ceased to exist. The
club had always represented all that
stood for thorough spoitsmanship on tha
road and path, and the members coul<t
not Icok with complacency upon it being
wiped out in a moment. Graceful re
sponses were made by Charles Albert
Adams. L. C Hunter. George James. Her
bert Oboynski, Frank W. Fuller and
others. ' Mr. Fuller coupled In his re
sponse the names of George H. Stratton,
A. C. Thornton and W. H- Mackle, mem
bers absent in distant lands. Those In
attendance at the dinner were:
President J. "W. Mullen. Thomas G.
Spillane, Frank, W. Fuller, Charles Albert
Adams. Chester G. Myrlck. H. D. Haden
feldt, H. C. Ramsay, R. R. Russ, Lewis
C. Hunter, F. G. Montealegre, Edwin
GoelLer. Frank L. Hunter, William IT.
Haley, W- C Corbett, George P. Fuller.
Edmund F. Russ, E. A. Bozio. R. C.
Ayres, William A. Day, Harry Clapp.
Thomas E. Day, W. Pedler, Fred Howe.
H. Townley, J. L. Anthony. Leo Inglis.
J. E. Bolger, E. O. Kragnes3, Alfred Cei
lier, Herbert ChoynsXi, N. C. Paddock, C.
E. Matta. R, Thompson. J. Scott Learr.
R. A. Bmyth, George James. J. Ephraira
and Harry Davis.
OLYMPIC WHEELMEN END
1 ; • THEIR GLORIOUS CABEEB
?! ?! a s *
COMPETITORS. § § ft f | :
: : : tj :
John Lawson «4t 39 80 Scr. 80
S. L. Abbot Jr 43 45 S3 i 84
J. H. Met 49 47 96 10 88
Warren Gregory 43 44 93 « 87
Dr. T. G. McConkey... 48 43 97 10 87
H. C. Golcher 49 44 93 4 89
L. Chenery 60 49 99 10 89
R. O. Brown 51 49 100 8 92
D. J. Rumbaugh 52 49 101 8 93
J. S. Severance 53 53 111 IS 93
W. J. Dutton 57 55 112 18 94
W. H. la Boyteaux... - 62 52 104 10 94
George B. Cooksey 57 50 107 12 95
Rolla V. Watt 56 55 111 15 35
H. A. Blaekman 57 43 105 10 9S
J. W. Byrne 47 50 97 2 95
C. R. Winslow 53 54 10? 10 97
C. H. Noble 52 56 108 10 9S
W. E. Lester 56 52 108 10 98
H. C. Breeden 51 55 106 8 9$
C. J. Decker 55 82 107 8 99
L. B. Edwards (3 52 115 IS 99
W. D. Markay 63 53 116 16 100
A. C. Blngham 59 52 111 10 101
Major C. -Chrtstensen.. 62 68 113 18 103
L. F. Monteagle 52 (2 114 12 iaa
Albert Sutton ,.... 85 58 113 10 103 I
Andrew Carrigan....... 60 53 118 14 104 ~
L. O. KelKigg. ~.....v.. S6 56 112 4 1CS
S. H. Boardnaan »
. 'No returns. "-v\ _'-.-\' '\u25a0\u25a0-'
The winter golf season opened yester
day at the Presidio links with the largest
number of competitors ever seen In a con
test In the neighborhood of San Fran
cisco. Nearly forty members entered the
qualifying medal play round for the
Council's cup and the handicap match
play tournament. Of the whole number
thirty handed in their scores. John Law
son played from scratch and turned In an
excellent card— U, 39; total 80. The best
eight gross scorers qualified for the Coun
cil's cup, and the sixteen lowest handi
cap scores will enter the match play
tournament. The eight who qualified to
compete for the Council's' cup are: John
Lawson, S. L. Abbot Jr., Warren Greg
ory, H. C. Golcher, J. H. Mee, Dr. T. G.
McConkey, J. "W. Byrne and L. Chenery.
These are drawn in the first match play
round as follows— John Lawson versus J.
W. Byrne; Dr. T. G. McConkey versus
J. H. Mee; S. L. Abbot Jr. versus H. C.
Golcher, and "Warren Gregory versus
Leonard Chenery. These matches will
be without handicap.
For the handicap match play tourna
ment the sixteen who qualified are
paired as follows in the opening round:
H. C. Golcher versus George B. Cooksey;
C. R. Wfhslow versus John Lawson; J.
S. Severence versus S. L. Abbot Jr.; J. H.
Me© versus. R. Gil man Brown; W. J.
Dutton versus W. H. La Boyteaux: J.
W. Byrne versus Leonard Chenery; "War
ren Gregory versus Dr. T. G. McConkey,
and Rolla V. Watt versus Captain D. Ja,
Rumbaugh. In the handicap matches
each player will receive three-fourths of
the number of strokes allotted to him In
the qualifying round. The full scores,
both gross and handicap, are shown In
the table:
r BERKELEY. Oct. 26.— Berkeley High
School won the central sub-league foot
ball, championship this afternoon from the
Oakland High School. The game was
played on the university gridiron and was
hard fought through both halves. A
touch back was made for Berkeley In the
first half, and the tw6 points of this score
were the only ones, made Jn th« game
Near the end of the "first half Berkeley
lost the ball on Oakland's four-yard Hue.
Oakland tried to kick out. but ; Taylor
passed too high and Whitman's kick was
blocked and a touch back made i In th*
second half Kearn of. Berkeley tried two
place kicks for goals. One was blocked
and the other fell short. The teams lln^d
up as follows: ,
Berkeley, Positions. Oakland
McCoy Center
Baldwin R-Guard-L. . . . McKilllken
Uenierritt and L_ G uard-R _. . Gray
PlummeV.V.V.V.".V.V R-Tackle-L. . . . . H .! tC Taylor
Ferguson.... :. L-Tackle-R Morrow
Llnscott and .... . Orrirv- ~W*
Harma R-End-L.....r..° wnklns
McQuestln I— End-R........ Coosan
Solinsky Quarter ...Vwhitman
Kearn R-Half-L dSJ
Ma >'° L-Half-R Fletcher
* Patton ••• Fullback . . Heimke
Berkeley Defeats Oakland High.
Platt Quarter Banstacn
Wilson R. H. L Smith
Dinsmore L. II. R Fisher
Atkinson..... . siaktr
McNevin Fullback Kennedy
Officials — Lanagan and Varney.
Schley..:.. R/E. L ; Preston
Hamilton R. T. :L l.w-.Tr^egtr
Wiers, R. G. L. Thompson
Percy-. ; Center Hauverman
Smith U G. R Barnhisel
Collins L. T. R... ....... McFadden
Donaldson........... L. E. R .....Kuhn
Thfrd race, five furlongs — Jack Ratlin won.
Hermos second, Inventor third. Time, 1:014.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth— Henry
Burt won, Zazel second, Judge Redwine third.
Time, 1:48.
Fifth race,- five furlongs — Mabel "Winn -won.
Our Jessie • second, Netherland third. Time,
1:01%. .'
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Bermuda Prince
won, Waterhouse second. Dr. Fannie third.
Time, 1 1:42%. " ' \
blocked. Fisher then punted to Platt.
Reliance returned and Stanford worked
the ball to the clubmen's 35-yard ,line.
when Traeeer ' matle himself the star* of
the game by a -beautifully accurate ptac©
kick, completing 1 the score of ,1Q to 0. Ths
remainder of the; game was played In
semi-darkness, the ball being in Reliance
territory; nearly all the time. JThe line-up
follows:-:- / J j ,' -.'\u25a0' fi. A\\^ -
Reliance. \u25a0 ' r Positions. . '. Stanford. \u25a0
I First raee, handicap, steeplechase, about two
and a half miles — Curfew Bell won. Boisterous
second. Miss Mitchell third. Time, 4:37. _,
Second race, seven furlongs— Keynote won,
O. \V. Hitt second, Neither One third. Time.
1:28.
Third race, the "White Plains handicap, about
six furlongs— Disadvantage won. Whisky King
•econd. Rock Water third. Time, 1:11.
Fourth race, the Morris Park, weight for
age. two and a quarter miles — Gold Heels won,
Hernando second. Water Color third. Time.
»:58.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs, selling
— Shoreham won. Kimberley second, Inshot
third. Time. 1:22.
: Sixth race, one mile — St. Finnan won, Morn
ln? Side second, Handicapper third. . Time,
1:40%. •
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 26.— Fair Grounds summary:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Salve won.
Aline S second. Rabunta third. Time, 1:13.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Reflare
won, Lillian second, Sting third. Time, 1:ZS.
Third race, . one mile, selling — Eleven Bells
won, Marion Lynch second. Revoke third.
Time, 1:40%.
Fourth race, the Final stakes, mile and a six
teenth, selling — Petit Maltre won. Peaceful sec
ond. Lund third. Time, 1:47.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Little
Chico won. Royal Athlete setond, Swlndel
third. Time, 1:C8«.
\u25a0 Sixth race, mile and an eighth — Aurelfa won,
Banquo II second. Ktsme third. .Time. 1:54" i.
. CINCINNATI, Oct. 2S.— Latonla summary:
First race, one mile, selllnir— Judge Steadman
won, Ecome second. Maple third. Time, 1:42.
Second race, six furlongs— Ranco won. HI
Nocker second. 'Foneda \u25a0 third. Time. 1:11
Sixth rac«. one mile^ — Gonfalon won, Con-
Etellator second. Benckart third. Time, 1:40 3-5.
I NEW'! YORK,* Oct. 25.— Morris Park aum
mary:
Fourth race. Flyaway handicap, mile and an
eighth— St. Marcos won, Denroan Thompson
second, . Omdurman third. , Time, 1:52 4-5. .
Fifth 'race, two miles, selling:— Searcher won,
Tammany Chief second, Kentucky Babe third,
Time. 3:32 2-3.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28.— At Worth to-day after
McChesney had won the Morton Park handi
cap at seven furlongs very easily by three
lengths from LUclen Appleby, S. C. Hildreth
bought him from J; S. Ward. The price in re
ported to be $10,000. Summary:
First race, six furlongs— St. Cuthbert won,
Harry Herenden second. Star of Bethlehem
third. Time, 1:12 3-C.
• Second race, five furlongs— Duke ot Con
naught won, Jane Oker second. Smith's Keel
third. Time, 1:10 3-5.
Third race. Morton Park handicap, seven fur
longs—McChesney won.' Lucien Appleby second,
Miracle II third. Time. 1:27 3-5.
Results of Events on Several
.. Big Tracks in the
East. • •
Lawson, From Scratch, Turns
in the Best Card of
the Day.
Hildreth Buys McChes
'ney After a Success
* ful Race.
Compete in First Round
for the Council's
Trophy.
WINNER BRINES
TEN THOUSAND
GOLFERS PLAY
AT THE PRESIDIO
, The Bay City Wheelmen announce that
they will give an entertainment to consist
Of : vaudeville numbers and • dancing- in
Native Sons' Hall on the night of Novem
ber 4. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0:.\u25a0 , ->\u25a0. ' .;.v; r; , . \u25a0 ; .- , . ;. '
Wheelmen Will Dance;
• CHICAGO, Oct. 26.— Australian , Tim
Murphy defeated Martin Judge of Phil
adelphia at the Chicago Athletic Club to
night. The decision was given on points
after six rounds of hard fighting/ in which
Murphy had the better of it all the way.
Australian Tim Murphy Wins.
The ten-mila handicap road race of the
California Associated" Cyclists, over the
SanlLeandro' course, .- will ' not take! place
to-day. At a meeting of the road racing
committee last .night it. was decided to
postpone. it two weeks,- owing to the rain.
Bicycle Race Postponed^
NEW VORK, Oct. 25.— A number ot
race horses in training. , the property of
William C. Whitney and others, were
sold at Morris Park to-day. Those bring
ing $1000 or over were: Paul Clifford, blk
e.. 3. J. H. McCormlck, $5(O0: Rowdy, b
g.. 3, E. A. Chufc, $2603; Black Dick, br. c
3. J. H. McCormick, 52500; Collegian, b.-e,
6, J. E. Widener, $1525; Rose of May, b. f
2, J. J. McCafferty, J2000; Lady Godiva. b'
t., 2, F. R. Hitchcock. $1000: Red Path,
ch. g., 4. Buckley & Bailey. • J4G50; Scotcrj
bush, ch. f., 3. R. C. r»ooper, $1500; The
Driver, b. g., J. H. McCormick, 51000. ..
Sale of Whitney's Horses.
ALAMEDA; Oct.' 26.— The football teams
of Anderson's Academy , and .the Alameda
High School met this afternoon- on the
Cltment-avenue gridiron. The game was
stubbornly played, neither eleven scoring.
Neither Eleven Scores.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2S— Golf champions,
national and State, met to-day on Ihe
links of the Nassau Country, Club, near
Glencove. L. I., in the', intercity . golf
match between ten of the best players 'in
the Philadelphia district and ten of the
leading amateur players in the Metropoli
tan district. The Metropolitan team was
fin unusually strong one. The Philadel
phia visitors were defeated by a • total
score of 75 to 3. Among the players in
the Metropolitan team were Walter J
Travis, the national champion, and Find
lay S. Douglas, former. 'amateur cham
pion of .the United States Golf Associa
tion and present holder of the Metropoli
tan championship title. -
Eastern Golf Match.
In the last round Warburton beat Rural
Artist and Grace Greenwood ran a bye.
In the final Grace. Greenwood won from
Warburton In thirty seconds."
There were also a consolation' for non
winners, with eleven puppies entered.
North Pole and Har\-est Memory were* in
the deciding course. The former won.
OMAHA, Oct. 26.— At the Friend cour.—
ins meet to-day Interest centered injthe
last of the all-age stake in which ten
greyhounds were left to fight for the
money, which finally went to Grace
Greenwood. The second round resulted
as follows:
Rural Artist beat Silver Sioux; Barones-s
Beatrice ran a bye: Rocker beat Iowa
Maid; Imp. Warburton , beat General
Cronje; Grace Greenwood beat Bogus
Band; Chamberlain ran a bye.
Third round— Rural Artist beat Baroness
Beatrice, time, 0:52; Warburton . .beat
Rocker, time, 0:53; Greenwood beat
Chamberlain.
Greyhound Grace Green-wood "Wins.
A wager of $1000 had been made by
Hupps and I/indqufst of Ouray that they
could beat the Butte team. They drUled
to-night also, but as they broke a piece
out of the side of the rock in the last few
seconds of work and as the hole was the
rame as Butte— thirty-eight and seven
sixteenths—the bet was declared off.
LEADVILLE. Colo., Oct. 26.— Malley
and Chamberlain, a Leadville rock drill
ing team, won first money, $750, as a re
sult of the three days* contest which
ended here to-night. They drilled forty
and an eighth inches on Thursday night.
This was not beaten.
Freethy and Davey of Butte drilled to
night thirty-eight and seven-sixteenths
inches and divided j third and fourth
money with McKenzie and Make of Lead
ville. The second money goes to vRoss
and McNichols -of British Columbia.
Leadville Eock Drillers Win.
The apparently invincible football team
of Lowell High School defeated the Palo
Alto High School team yesterday mornr
ing at Sixteenth and FoJsom streets by a
score of 30 to 0. Five touchdowns and as
many successful tries for "goal by'Hamil
ton ran uiv these big figures, j
Twenty-four points were scored in the
first half. Keegan was sent "over the line
for the first touchdown. Herrin scored
one, after a 45-yard run. : Mackinne fol
lowed with a 35-yard run- and a touch
down, while \u25a0 Vosburg . scored j the fourth.
In the second half Lowell put in three
substitutes to give them practice. Palo
Alto made a better stand in this half, but
could not score. . ' .\u25a0"..\u25a0..\u25a0
- Bartell . scored for Lowell. He secured
the ball ' on a fumble and while the re-,
m&lning twenty-one players were looking
for It after the scrimmage he ran with it,
scoring the last touchdown of the game.
The line-up: .
Lowell."... Position. Palo Alto.
Herrin l. e. R. :.... Hamilton
Keegan • .' .
Stuart: .. ... . s . ;....:. L. T. R .Crandall
Bartell...;. ....L. G. R.................Nlm9
\u25a0 Edwards. .....:...:. Center ...Meyers
Mackinne R. a, l: ...Porter
Kidd k. T. L.. ;..-:.. ..Lund
Falk .-.. . . .• .
Theobold. ...R. E. L,.........McLaughlln
Tyler . - v \u25a0 •
Qulely..... Quarter Small
Graham.........;.,, l.h. B. R .Scovill
Vosburgf.... ...... ...R. HVB.-L .'.'.. Barber
Hamilton ....Fullback ..i.Buelna
• -.\u25a0 -;*•'\u25a0\u25a0 '• \u25a0 -
Lowell Defeats Palo Alto.
Testerday Brighten visited police head
quarters and sought to get a warrant
for the arrest of the female footpad. As
there was no Judge present he was told
to call again to-morrow morning, when
the warrant will be Issued. The police
suspect a notorious female pickpocket
named O'Brien of having robbed
Brighten.
Brighten says he was walking along the
street, .»-hen he was accosted by the
woman, who pretended to know him.
After a few* minutes" conversation, he
declares, che grabbed him by the coat
and with her disengaged hand deftly took
bis purse containing four $20 gold piece*
from his pocket. She then ran down the
street and escaped through the side en
trance of a. saloon.
Peter Brighten; a recent arrival from
the Interior, claims he was robbed of $80
by a woman on Ellis street, near Mason,
Friday night.
Peter Brighten,.. Becently Arrived
From Interior, Claims Muscular
Lady Took §80.
TEIXS TALE OF DAEING
FEMALE HIGHWAY ROBBER
Baseball Manager Changes Teams.
CHICAGO. Oct. 2C.-Frank W. Seelee.
who has managed the Boston National
League team for many years, will take
charge of the Chicago nine next year.
The announcement of Seelee's acceptance
was made to-day by President Hart:
The officials were as follows: v Referee. Pres
cott Scott;, umpire, J. G., Coulter; timekeeper,
Everett Brown; linemen, John Nourse and A.
R. Powers. : v . - ,-V -, :
close of the game California made an-,
other forward pass and Olympic was giv
en the ball on the 45-yard line In Olympic
territory. \Vomble played off-side and his
team was penalized ten yards. Cutter
punted 30 yards and Sherman raadea bril
liant run with the pigskin back to tha
center of the field, the .last;- play of the
game. .:
The line-up was as follows: ..
California. '\u25a0' Positions. ': . Olympic. ,.
Hudson -* -•• . \u25a0 . . - , \u25a0 \u25a0
Starr I...: .: . . L— End— R ...... .. .". Parker
Albertson. ........ L. — Tackle — R .......... . 'Embick
Stowc ', "• ' ' . .
Hendrlcks ' "L — Guard— R. .'.....'.'.. ' Plunkett
G*ndotti. Center....... .".... Be ttlson
Overall R— Guard— L....... Cadwalader
Draly : K— Tackle— Li .*. . „ . . Young
Womble ; . .. R— En J— L, Barnard
More -• - - • .
Hudson....'..".... Quarter.....'. Kerfoot
Mini. Lr-HaU— R Horan
Whipple • \u25a0 , . • . .
. Sherman R— Half— L Gammon
Dudeh Fullback Cutter
Percy kicked to Raitt.who made a clev
er run of 20 yards. Fisher carried the ball
4 Vards around end and then fumbled it,
Barnhisel regaining the ball. Stanford
was forced to kick. Atkinson took the
ball through the cardinal line for 5 yards
on a straight buck. • Reliance failed to
make the required distance again and the
ball went to Stanford. Hill advanced tho
ball 10 yards - on a" cross buck through
tackle. On the next play the ball was
fumbled and lost to Reliance. The club
men, after three plays, also lost the ball
on a fumble. Hill took the ball around
right end for 10 yards. Traeger and Clark
made the distance on two plays, \u25a0 one
through tackle, the other around end.
Reliance held and Hill kicked to the Re
liance 15-yar*line. Stanford held and Re
liance was forcedto punt, the ball being
advanced, to the Reliance 45-yard line.
Traeger gained 4 yards on a cross buck
and Slaker followed for . 5 yards on a
straight buck. Fisher and Boren net the
distance, but Stanford lost the ball on the
next series of downs, the ball resting one
yard from the Reliance goal line. 1 Percy
kicked from behind the line to Raitt, who
ran the ball in 1 5 yards.' Clark gained 5
yards on an end run and Traeger 3 yards
on a tackle-back formation.- A series o£
end runs and tackle-back plays' netted
Stanford 10 yards. Fisher carried the ball
4 yards to the Reliance! goal, when the
whistle blew, ending the first half just in
time • to prevent . another touchdown for
the cardinal. Score, 5 to 0. \u25a0\u25a0-.,• ......
Traeger started the second half by kick-
Ing to Platt, who ran the ball to the cen
ter of the field. On an exchange of kicks
Hill sent the ball rolling over the line on
a 55-yard punt, giving Reliance a free
kick 1 from their 25- yard line. "After a se
ries of bucks by Slaker, Fisher and Mc-
Fadden. Hill kicked to the clubmen's 15
yard line. Shortly afterward Percy punt
ed to Raitt. who- ran the ball In to the
25-yard line. ; Fisher soon afterward made
a 20-yard \ run* around end. carrying the
ball over, the goal line: • The touchdown
was ; not , allowed because of -\u25a0 holding \u25a0 on
the part 'of one of Fisher's interference.
Traeger. tried a . place kick, which \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 was
For Reliance, Hamilton, Dinsmore and
Collins did the best work. Most of Stan
ford"s gains were made by Traeger. Hill
and Slaker. Captain Fisher also put up a
hard game, although he ran back fre
quently on end runs. Quarterback Raltt
cannot help playing a good game, and to
day was no exception for him. \u25a0 Clark and
Kuhn, who took Boren's place, showed
speed In getting down on kicks and In
breaking up Interference.
The cardinal . rootera were out * in fu'.l
force. I At' -least, half .'of • them' yelled for
Reliance, so the clubmen had enough sup
port behind them to make them play good
ball. Nearly the whole game was played
on Reliance 'territory. The ball was for
the most part in the possession of the
cardinal eleven. •
Although the game was scheduled for 4
o'clock, "Bill' Traeger did not kick off
until 4:20. His kick was fumbled and
Stanford regained, the ball far down in
Reliance territory. Slaker 'gained 5 yards
on a straight buck and Traeger followed
on . a tackle-back play for the same dis
tance. Fisher, McFadden. and Boren went
around ends for several yards and Slaker
carried the ball over for a touchdown aft
er just five, minutes of actual play. Trae
ger rniss'ed the goal by a narrow margin.
Score— Stanford 5, Reliance 0. ' \u25a0
team work and fast . playing , by
the cardinal eleven, good individual work
by the clubmen, fair punting by Hill and
Percy and Traeger' s beautiful place kick
from the 85-yard line helped to make up
the most interesting game of football
played on the campus this season.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 26.
—The varsity eleven fairly out
played the Reliance team this aft
ernoon, scoring 10 to 0. Consistent
Collegians \u25a0 Defeat the
\u25a0\u25a0 Reliance Team by
a Score of- 10 to o
NEW YORK. Oct. 28.— With' to-day's
•ession the delegates to the National As
sociation of Professional Ball Leagues
wound up the business of the convention.
To-night the majority of the minor league
solons were homeward bound. The first
business taken up was the report of the
national board of arbitration. In the mat
ter of the protest by me Portland, Or
club agulnst the Buffalo club for the ser
vices of players JCewenhara and Wiley,
who are on the reserve list of both teams,
the Buffalo management was directed to
show cause why the men should not be
returned to Portland. . Eert SchMs, xtrlio
was taken by the Dayton club from Se
attle, was ordered returned to the Seattle
club. The last business transacted was
the classification of the various leagues
Class A will include the Eastern and
Western leagues. Class B has In it the
Southern and Western associations, the
New York State league, the New Eng
land League and the I. I. I. League. In
class C is the Pacific National League.
Baseball Magnates Confer.
The Most Interesting
Game of the Year
on Stanford Field
"*<\u25a0» - ALIFORNIA defeated the Olyrri
il pic Club football team yesterday
\V J by a score of 6 t0 5 - Eacn eleven
made a touchdown, but Cadwala
der failed to kick the goal for the
Olympics, while Overall sent the pigskin
sailing true between the groal posts on the
California's try at goal.
The game was not fast, the field being
rather heavy from the rains, but at times
brilliant football was played.
Sherman, at half, kept the California
•,'rooters" on their toes after he* had
taken Whipple's place late in the second
half. Not many minutes were left to
play when he came into the game. Olym
pic had scored and was defending its own
goal In a manner that left little hope in
the souls of the California men. Cutter
punted across the center of the field
twenty yards into California . territory.
The ball fell into Sherman's arms, there
was a mix-up of players, and out of the
tangle came the little Berkeley man, run
ning at full speed. Straight down the side
line he -went, as Graves did at the fresh
man game. There were a half-dozen to
Interfere for him— Duden. Albertson, Mini
and Womble being particularly effective
in blocking off the club players. No op
ponent could reach him and he sprinted
the seventy-five yards for a touchdown.
It was a great run. Sherman showed
himself to be both speedy and heady, and
he is likely to be a factor in this year's
intercollegiate contest. . - '
Olympics Claim a Foul. ..•: [
The Olympic players were not satisfied
with the manner in which th^ touchdown
was made, Parker, the Olympic end, was
heid, while the California men, In the In
terference, used their hands in-warding
taoklei's ort the runner. Referee Scott
called Umpire Coulter's attention to \u25a0 the
fouls, but Coulter had not seen them and
the touchdown was allowed.
Apart from Sherman's run and several
shorter ones equally as brilliant, the club
team had "rather the better of the argu
ment. They played a steadier game,
tumbled less and showed superiority in
the line, except at the end positions.
The California backs show improvement
anil Overall is punting -better' than ever.
His team had the better Of it in that de
partment of the Kame. \u25a0, ' \u25a0 . :
Gammon was tne star ground-gainer
for the club men. Seven minutes after the
beginning of play in the first half. Gam
mun tucKed tne ball under his arm and
started around end. Kmbick put Hudson
out of the piay, Duden was ta Ken caro of
by Parker, and Gammon had a clear Held
for a touchdown. His run was thirty-five
yards long. The try at goal was not diffi
cult, but Cadwulader was slow in kicking
and the line of California players blocked
the ball. .
A few minutes prior to this touch
down California had a narrow escape
from being scored against. Olympic had
kicked oft, and then had been given the
ball on the 25-yard line— the penalty for
a forward pass by California. Plunges
by Gammon, Cutter and l'lunkett put the
b:ill eight yards from the goat line, first
down. Three line bucks advanced the ball
but tour yards, the California line hold
ing like a stone- wall, and the ball went
to California four yards from the' goal
line.
Overall punted, presumably out of dan
ger, but Gammon, ran the ball in ten
yards and on the next play, made his great
run for a touchdown.
Try for Field Goal Pails. -..;' •'-
The kick-oft . for California, j of
course, sent the ball Into Olympic
territory, and It stayed .there dur
ing most of the remainder - of the half.
Neither side was able to .buck the line
steadily, the Olympic line proving par
ticularly stiff. Once, when California was
held, on the 25-yard line, Overall tried a
place kick for field goal, but the ball
went wide of the mark. Olympic then
punted to the center of the field.. • Califor
nia ceuld make but, one yard in two
downs, and Overall punted 50 yards. The
ball failed to roll over the goal line, Cut
ter ran it In live yards and time for tha
first half was called, with the ball in
Olympic's possession, eight yards : from
goal in Olympic territory. , :
Early in the second half Overall made
20 yards on a fake kick, but -Womhl* had
held in the line and the ball i was . taken
back and given to Olympic, on the 20-yard
line. After two tries at center, Olympic
tried a drop-kick, by Cutter, at field goal.
The. ball* went low, skimming through the
crowd, and California got the ball on: the
20-yard line. • There wqb : an \u25a0 exchange of
punt3, with a. few line-bucks between,
and then Sherman made his great run and
touchdown., \u25a0; • / • •" " ._
There were some : brilliant \u25a0 plays during
the remainder of the game. \u25a0 Once ' Shcr
man ran apunt in 20 yards. Just at the
Totals S$ J 12 1 n U g
Two men out in the ninth when game was
called.
m."XS AXD HITS BT IXXIXGS.
Oakland 0 1001022 1—7
Ease hits 0 11010220—7
Ban Francisco 4 ©0600102—7
Base hits S 4 12 0 0 10 3—12
SUMMARY. .«.._
Runs responsible for— Schmidt 5, Krug- 3.
Horn? run— Pabst. Two-base hit— Wilson. Sac
rifice hits— Babbitt. Schmidt. First base on
errors— Oakland 4. San Francisco L First base
on called balis— Oakland 3, San Francisco 2.
Left on bases — Oakland 7 ; San Francisco S.
Struck out— By Schmidt 4, by Krui? 2. Hit by
ritchcr— Fhay. Double plays— Shay to i'abst;
fchay to Wilson to 1'abst. PasuM ball—Gra
bam Time of came— 2:10. Umpire— Harper.
Official scorer- McFarlin.
Totals 36 7 7 ! «j 1J 2
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
JCordyke, cf. 6 110 111
\u25a0Wilson, rb 5 13 0 2 3 2
Hildebrand. If. 3 2 1 0 1 D «
Schwartz, rf 5 1X02-11
Pabst, lb. i 1.3 0 12 fl. 1
Krug. p 4 0 1 « 1 l o
Shay. s. e 3 0 1116 1
Ueillj-. Sb 4 6 10 3 3 2
Uraham. c. 4 10 0 4 0 0
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Francks. 1b 5 0 u u & 0 0
ilohler. 2b 5 10 12 2*
I>unleavj-, 3b 5 0 1 0 3 4 i
Strelb, rf 4 10 0 2 0 0
Urennan. cf 4 11110 0
Hamilton, If 4 0 10 2 0 0
Bablrtt, e. s 2 110 4 2 1
Hanson, c 4 3 10 4 11
C-ehniidt. p. 3 0 2 0 0 10
Oakland sent a man home in the second,
one in the fifth, two each in the seventh
and eighth and one in the ninth. The
score:
The same between Oakland and San
Francisco yesterday at Recreation Park
was called in the ninth innir.g. each team
havlnjj seven runs to their credit. The
Wasps were the last at bat and Pabst had
scored Hildebrand with a two-bagger,
making the score a tie. With two out.
Krug went to bat. The light was bad
and he took exception to Umpire Har
per's Judgment on balls and strikes. Har
per then, called the game, the tie score
standing.
Harper was again unfortunate In hav
ing- an unusual number of close decisions
to render. For once the Oaklands wera
not the greatest sufferers.
San Francisco started well. Wilson,
Hildebrand and Schwartz each hit safely,
11 11 ing the bases. Captain Pabst was the
next batter up and sent the ball over the
center Held fence, clearing the bases and
scoring four runs. This is the first time
liiis season such a thing has been' done.
The Wasps went out In one-two- three
order until the seventh, when Graham
scored. He made second on two wild
tnrows and scored on Wilson's single.
Two more runs were scored in the ninth.
In this inning- a -decision was rendered
which stirred the wrath of the spectators.
Two men were out and Graham was at
the bat. Shay stole second and third on
wild throws. He stole home just as Gra
ham struck out. The spectators thought
.Shay was safe and did net understand
that Grahams out had retired the side.
Pabst Scores Three Men on
Bases With a Ecrae-
Run Hit. .
WEST POINT. Oct. £6.— In two twenty
minute halves West Point to-day defeat
td the Williams College football team by
a score of 15 to 0. Williams put up a
good fight, but was -no match for the
soldiers. Touchdowns were made by
Bunker. Hackett and Phillips. Farns
worth failed to kick three easy goals.
PRINCETON. N. J.. Oct. 26.— Princeton
defeated Lafayette here to-day by a
score of 6 to 0. The game was hard
fought and was marred only by fumbles
in the first half by both teams. Prince
ten e*xc*-lled in punting: and on end runs
throughout the game, while Lafayette
proved the stronger in line-bucking in
the first half, und Princeton a few points
the better In the second half.
•ANNAPOLIS. Mil., Oct. 26,-State Col
lege of -Pennsylvania defeated the Naval
Cadets here this afternoon by a score
of 11 to 6. The cadets defeated the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania last Monday and
were perfectly confident of winning this
game, but -were decidedly outplayed and
their touchdown was made on a fumble
by a Smtc player, while State made one
touchdown by straight hard football and
got into position for a try at goal by
steady rushing down the field.
CHICAGO. Oct.- Lt-Two brilliant runs,
one by Captain Davidson for forty-Jive
yards and one by Reynolds for thirty-five
>rards, together with a goal kicked by
Snook, netted a pcore of eleven points for
the University of Pennsylvania, to-day,
while the Chicago men were unable to
score. In the first half, Chicago having
kicked off and the ball having been re
turned to the center of the field, David
son smashed through center, stumbled,
recovered and then ran down the Held
without- interference for the first touch
down. Snook kicked .in easy goal.. The
second half was scarcely under way when
Reynolds, on a delayed pass, got the plg
sfcln'and'scurried'down the gridiron for
a second touchdown. He slid the last
three yards, with Sheldon clinging to his
loot. Snook missed the goal. The East
erners were the conspicuous superiors of
their opponents in tackling and in strong
'..•unts, jvnd especially in their interfer
ence. In the latterwork the maroons, wero
lamentably weak.
•At Denver— Denver Wheel Club, 12- Salt
Lake 0. :\u25a0•-/.
At Minneapolis— Minnesota, lfi: Iowa, 0.
' At Madison— Wisconsin. 50; Kansas, 0
At 13eloit— Beloit. 0; No.tre Dame. 5.
At Champaign. 111.— Northwestern 17:
Illinois. 11.
At Ann Arbor— Michigan, 13S; University
of KuJTalo. 0.
West Pointers Victorious. 1
Neither side scored In the first half, and
while the ball was in Columbia's territory
during the greater part of the game, the
young New 1'orkers often played rhelr op
ponents to a standstill. The Yale. giants
were held for downs three times. More
over, Columbia frequently made the nine
ty-flve-yard line, only to lose possession of
the ball there by fumbling entirely incon
sistent with the general faultlessness of
her team play. Columbia also sacrificed
much advantage by a surprising disposi
tion toward off-side play. Three times
they were penalized ten yards for this of
fense, and the distance awarded Yale
aided materially in keeping the ball in the
enemy's teritory.
The contest throughout -was more stub
bornly and fiercely fought than many an
othsr so-called "big" game played in New
Haven. Columbia's rush line occasioned
much comment by its apparent stone-wall
solidity early in the game, and these same
linesmen were able often to open up gap-
Ing holes in the stalwart line of Yale.
There was more or less slugging and
roughing, and on one occasion the rival
players were momentarily locked in little
disputes that must have blossomed into
free fights had not cooler heads prevailed.
ITHACA. N. Y., Oct. 26.— On Percy field
lo-day Cornell defeated Oberlin College
by a score of 29 to 0. In the early part
of the game Cornell's defense evinced a
weakness It has not shown before this
season, but as the contest progressed the
line assumed' stone- wall proportions and
the visitors could gain little ground. The
notable changes In Cornell's team~were
Hunt, who went from right guard to
tackle, and Finucane, who was substi
tuted in the early part of the game for
Coffin at right halfback. Brewster was
at quarterback.
Slug-gin^ in the Game.
CAMBRIDGE. Mass.; .Oct. 26.— Harvard
easily defeated the Carlisle Indians on
Soldiers' Field this afternoon. by a score
of 29 toO. Harvard's line v. r as much heav
ier and easily outplayed its opponents.
Harvard also had a' great deal of luck,
five times fumbling the ball, but recover
ing it instantly.
At tha end of the first -half -the Indiana
wouJ probably., have had scored if time
had not been called, as thoy had advanced
the bail from midflcld to Harvard's
eighty-yard line by a series of trick plays
which proved very ' effective. The Har
vard team showed greater spirit and more
team play than at any time this season.
Marshall played a brilliant game at quar
terback, and made several good dodging
runs after catching punts. The whole line
played well and opened good holes for the
runners. Harvard was only once held for
downs.
NEW HAVEN, Cor.ri., Oct. 26.— Yale Uni
versity defeated Columbia at footbail this
afternoon by the score of IV to 5. Two
touchdowns were Yale's portion, but
neither of them was converted into a goal.
Columbia was unable to carry the ball
across Yale's goal line, but Captain Mor
ley txecuted in superb style a goal from
the field, and thus registered five points
for the blue and white.
Yal6's Eleven Triumphs Over
Columbia's Team in
New. Haven.
Wasps and Dudes Seven
All When Time Is
Called.
Indians No -Match for
the Crimson' at
Cambridge.
DARKNESS ENDS
A CLOSE GAME
HARVARD WINS
FROM CARLISLE
; TtlE SA^ FBANCISCOr^GAjLLi-BIJNDAYv OCTOBER 27, 1901.
STANFORD 10.
RELIANCE 0
Score Stands 6 to
$ in. Favor: of Hh^
I Berkeley Players
Each Team Scores
a Touchdown and
One; Kicks a Goal
CALIFORNIA GAINS VICTORY
OVER OLYMPIC CLUB ELEVEN
26
A^^t&jjwW Js *° t a tem P° rar y. dangerous stimulant, such as
/^Jj^^^, is Produced by electric belts or patent medicines, but
——- —- i! a permanent restoration to health and strensrth.
Dr. Meyers & Co. are the only physicians On the Pacific Coast who
cure diseases and Aveakness of men exclusively. Dr. Meyers & Co. con-
fn?he woridf" 1C Insthuteand the most extensive practice
Almost every man on the coast has heard of Dr. Meyers & Co. and
rucce S sfur,p a ed a H C ,t° m Th Sl l Cd - T , hCy are the rcIiabIe - thc °« acst and most
?,nf tL? Si V'A he V r 5- alraost daiJ y consulted by other physi-
-\u25a0S^n'tSm ««^l- edKe an - a y !ty to master the diseases of men have
gn en them pre-eminence, m this field of medicine. .
ekcS Lhv 1 AH th S ,t° a11 mineraI . Poisonous or. dangerous dru*s and
: S2 ol cuds br W? CdieS are ca^«»y compounded from the «-
Ip^^p^oS?^^ plaRt ': -- in their
old^^n^Sd^oS \u25a0SSJ^ tl ffi^ t& .^ Whetl -
NO MONE^ REQUIRED IN ADVANCE.
y D £ n ?g^S|;* h^»^ let their patients deposit the
well. If it is not convenient todo tHs ravWtV^t. ™ P i v after he ! * entirely
installments, -it requires confidence Lb^ h« ?»Mmi y * be m f a(i ln ™°*™ v
DR, r MEYER <v & Pfl 731 c Marl!et stfeet '
\u25a0M? v L ' xl r' ,JL-hUO <X; viUi, 101 San Francisco.
-.- :\u25a0;.\u25a0' Hours-Dally, 9 Ml; Sundays, V to U.Wants to See Colzgosz Die.
Conrad Bucher. a laborer, demanded at
the office of the Chief of Police yesterday
a permit to see Czolgosz, the murderer of
President McKinley, executed. As Bucher
was insane he was locked up.
Struck by a Trolley Car.
Samuel Shak, a machinist living at
Fifth and' Natoma streets, was treated at
the City and County Hospital last night
for a disjointed shoulder received by be
ing struck by car 1090 of the Howard-
J street line at the crossing of Eighteenth
and Howard streets. Shak was dragged
i quite -a distance before the car stopped.
j As he is 60 years of age his injuries may
prove serious.
The matter of the larceny of $30,000 from
the Mint must be presented to the Federal
Grand Jury to be impaneled next month.
United States District Judge de Haven
handed down an oral opinion \ yesterday
quashing the indictment charging Walter
N. Dimmick-with the theft of that sum,
the court remarking that»probably an.er
ror had been committed In sending the
case back to the same Grand Jury after
the preceding indictment had been strick
en out. ' ' "' / . \u25a0
The first indictment was dismissed on
account of Informality, and a new indict
ment was presented by the same jurors,
without having taken any additional or
new testimony. For this reason George D.
Collins; the defendant's attorney, raised
the contention that the jurors were biased
and prejudiced, they having found a true
bill "of indictment upon no testimony at
all. He called the attention of the court
to the State statute providing that in all
cases where an indictment shall have been
The Charge of Stealing $30,000 Must
Be Handled by the Next
Grand' Jury.
morning on "The Height or Christian Ex
perience."
.The oratorio of "St Paul" by Mendels
sohn will be sung at the First Presbyte
j iian Church to-night by an augmented
/ choir. The Rev. Dr. Mackenzie will lec-
I ture on the subject.
Cazneau was sentenced to four years in
San Quentln August 20, 1895, for burglary,
for having entered the residence 1417 Du
pont street. He belongs to a respectable
family, his grandfather having been a dis
tinguished soldier.
Cazneau is also supposed to have held
up and ; robbed Frank Demartinl . about
half past 10 o'clock a week ago Saturday
night in the same. locality. On that occa
sion he did not wear the mask, as De
martini did not know him.- \u25a0 • ~ •
Charles Romano, a barber, living at 744
Broadway, had almost reached his home
shortly after midnight last Saturday,
when a man -with a. mask over his. face
pointed & revolver at- him and ordered
him to throw up his hands. While the
robber was trying to extract Romano's
watch from his pocket Romano grappled
with him and grabbed hold of the revol
ver, his forefinger getting behind the
hammer. The robber tried ; twice to fire,
but each time the hammer fell upon Ro
mano's nnger and the weapon did not ex
plode. During tbeystruggle the robber's
mash? fell off and Romano recognized Caz
neau, who finally succeeded in breaking
away from Romano, leaving behind his
mc^k, which was later found by Police
man Peshon. Romano -again identified
Casneau in the prison yesterday after
noon. A peculiarity of the hold-up w»s
that Cazneau got a friend who lives on
Filbert street to borrow Romano's revol
ver on the day previous, bo that his in
tended victim would be unarmed.
The detectives, after working on the case
for a few days, were satisfied that Cazneau
was the robber about whom complaints
had been made and copies of his photo
graph from the "Rogues' Gallery", were
circulated throughout the State, as they
had ascertained that he had left the city.
Cazneau formerly worked in the sugar re
finery at Crockett and Constable Moiles
discovered him there yesterday' morning
and brought him to the city.
The masked robber who has-been ope
rating on the Barbary Coast has been ar
rested through the persistence and
shrewdness of Detective McMahon and
Riordan.. He is Eugene Cazneau, an e£
convlct, and he Is now In the City Prison
with charges of robbery against him.
The B:ev. H. F. Briggs, of the Central
M. E. Church, will preach this evening
on "A Man and His Message."
The usual monthly musicaJ service will
be giver this evening by the vested choir
of St. Paul's Episcopal Church.
The R<;v. F. W. Fischer, of the Emanuel
Evangelical Church, will preach this
The Rev. A. C. Bane, of the California
Street Zi. E. Church, will preach this
morning- on "The Attributes of God."
The Rev. Milton D. Buck, of the Trinity
2VI. E. Church, will preach this morning
en "Regeneration," and in the evening on
"Our Risen Savior." •
The Rev. John Stephens, of the Simpson
Memorial M. E. Church, will preach thie
evening on "Alfred, the Great. King of
the Saxons and Prince of Saints."
The Rev. F. W. Lloyd, of the Richmond
£L E. Church, will preach this morning
on "The Way of Perfection." and in the
evening on "The Reflex Influence of Sin."
The Rc-v. S. M. Woodward, of the Po
trero M. E. Church, will preach this morn
ing on "Searching-s of God." and in the
evening- on "Considering Our Wavs."
The B<?v. P. A. Keast. of the Epworth
M. E. Church, will preach this morning
on "The Secret of Success," and in the
evening- on. "Monumental and Personal
Evidences of Christianity."
The R<jv. F. K. Baker, of the First M.
E. Church, will preach this morning on
"The World to Come," and in 'the even
ing on "Why Am I Not a Christian?"
The Rev. T. Brown, of the Starr King
A, M. E. Church, will preach this morn
ing- on "Tempted as We Are," and In the
evening on "Time is Short."
The Rev. E. A. Woods, of the First
Baptist Church, will preach this morning
on "God's Plans and Ours." and in the
evening he wiU speak on "The Bible
Teaching- Concerning Heaven and HelL"
Matthew C. O'Brien, physical director
of the Young Men's Christian Association,
\u25a0will address a mass meeting for men in
the auditorium of the Association this
afternoon at 3 o'clock. '*
-he Rev. John A. B. Wilson, of the
Howard Street M. E. Church, will preach
this morning on "Believing as Natural as
Breathing." and in the evening-, the Rev.
George IV. Beatty, D. D., will speak on
"Life's Burdens— How Measured?"
The Rev. George C. Adams, of the First
Congregational Church, will preach this
morning on "The-. Proper Place for a
Light, -quid In the evening on "How God
Chose a Leader." • \u25a0
The Rev. John Hemphlll, of Calvary
Presbyterian Church, will preach this
morning on "Do Miracles Ever Happen,"
And In the evening the assistant pastor
\u25a0will spea.lt on "The Christian, Motive."
The Rev. Philip Coom.be, of the Rich
inond Congregational Church, will preach
this morning on "The Victory that Over
cometh the World," and in the evening
Attorney Samuel L. Brun will . speak on
'The Laws of Moses in the Light of Mod
ern Discoveries."
The Rev. William Rader. of the Third
Congregational Church, will preach this
morning on "Christianity. a World
Religiony* and in- the evening on "The
Price of success."
The Her. Bradford Leavitt, of the First
Unitarian Church, will preach this morn
ing- on "'The Use and Abuse of Sunday."
The Rev. E. H. Avery. of the West
minister Presbyterian Church, will preach
this morning on "A Marvelous Thing,"
and in ths evening on "The Need of Wak
ing: T_"p."
Knew Him Personally.
Holds Up Twoilen a "Week
{[Ago and One of Them
Live Questions of the Hour
Occupy .'Attention of
Ministers.
ALMA STENCEL, a young Cali
fornia \u25a0 pianist, has . startled | the
musical world. . She Is now in
Germany, where her ,'perform
: ances are attracting world- wide
attention. ' Though but • 14 years of • age,
she has won the admiration 7 of crowned
heads, "musical critics and famous impre
sarios. The i following cablegram from
Berlin was received here yesterday:
Alma Stencel, the 14-year-old California pian
ist, a pupil of Hugo Mansfelct, gave an or
chestral recital . here tOrnlght ' which proved a
se'nsationnl success. . ' :. •. -. -, ' >
. Six years ago Alma Stencel's musical
education was begun. Her first public ap
pearance Svas made at the age of 10. -In
the spring of 1900 she gave eleven recitals
in, California and New York. Her success
in Europe has been' phenomenal. ,:..-'
In January of last -season JanvKubelik
gave a recital in Vienna; and on this pro
gramme appeared the announcement; that
he would be i assisted by yA.lma v Stencel
from America. At 'the conclusion : of the
concert Impresario - Dunkel of . Budapest
arranged for an early appearance of the
little pianist In Budapest with the,Phil
harmonic Orchestra. On the same even
ing Kubelik's manager, Alexander Rose,
secured Alma's co-operation for Kubellk' s
seventh concert in Vienna, to be given
two weeks later. ! The morning following
her debut .in Vienna the ; newspapers
praised the musical- feeling, power, intel
ligence and delicacy, and almost flawless
technique of the young artist. In Buda
pest her success became an ovation. and
it was with difficulty that she was finally
allowed to retire from the stage. Return
ing to Vienna she appeared there twice.
On the last occasion the imperial family
occupied, their box and manifested great
pleasure in the performance of this. little
prodigy.- ' • ' "; -.' \ -
At the conclusion of the concert her im
perial Highness,' Maria Yosefa,- accom
panied by her son, -the' heir apparent;
came to Alma's room to compliment' her
personally. After this her services were
eagerly .. solicited by Vienna's most ex
clusive" circles, but not many engagements
were accepted, -as Alma's ' mother soon
brought the little girl to Berlin, where she
has since pursued .a course of uninter
rupted study under Hugo Mansfeldt, her
former teacher. \u25a0 . . \u25a0'.- :.-, .. '/ '
INDICTMENT - AGAINST
DIMMICK.IS QUASHED
Wide Rang© of Subjects
Will Be Discussed
in Churches.
Prisoner Is Identified as
Eugene Gazneau, Ex-
Convict.
PASTORS SELECT
VARIED TOPICS
MASKED ROBBER
UNDER ARREST
. The deceased 'came to California in 1849,
by way -of the. Isthmus of Panama, in
company with the late Leland Stanford.
His first experience was gained In driving
Fred. J. McWilliams, president of . the
Siebe Shoe Company, and one of the can
didates for Supervisor on the Republican
ticket, received yesterday the sad news of
the death of his father, which occurred
the day before in Hongkong, where he
went some months ago in search of
health. . .
Fred J. McWilliams Receives the Sad
. News of the Death -of His
; Aged-Father. '.;
PIONEER OF STATE DIES
IN FAR-OFF HONGKONG
George Fitzgerald, a florist, was held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Cabaniss ; yesterday, on the^ charge
of robbery in $1000 bonds, and: James An
derson, a sailor, was held on the, charge
of burglary in $500 bonds, j A charge of as
sault to commit robbery against Fitzger
ald, and charges .of assault, to commit
robbery and assault with a deadly weapon
against Anderson were dismissed. :
Fitzgerald and Anderson are supposed
to be two of a gang who amused them
selves on the night of October' 19 and the
early '\u25a0 morning of October 20 in -holding up
and assaulting people on Howard street,
between Fifth and Sixth streets. Fitzger
ald is held for holding up Special Officer
Michael Deasy and taking from him his
\u25a0 revolv er ! and handcuffs, : and Anderson ( is
held for breaking Into the premises , of
Mooney & O'Connell, 329 Sixth street.
They. were also jointly accused of enter
ing, the stables of Gus Lindauer, 862 How
ard - street, and attempting to rob • Gus
Rapp, a stableman, and- Anderson with
firing a shot at him.: . . .
George Fitzgerald and James Ander
son Pay the Penalty for.Play
ing Footpads.
HELD TO- ANSWER FOR
> : BOBBEBY AND BXTBOLABYi
• Consul-General Mejia at once notified
Collector: of .the Port Stratton, and the
Collector instructed his subordinates to
issue the clearance papers for the steam
ship. . .
Manifests were . also presented - : at the
Salvadorean. Consulate and \u25a0 were duly
vised there, and at 5 p. m. the steamship
Loa' was* on her way to the land of semi
annual revolutions. . .
Consul-General' Mejia, representing the
Salvadorean Republic, yesterday re
ceived telegrams from his Minister at
Washington and from his President, stat
ing that - the munitions of -war had been
purchased in Mexico for the Salvadorean,
.authorities, to j replace .those recently de
stroyed by fire in the government arsenal.
•The United' States Customs officials of
this port received full explanation yester-.
day that the shipment of rifles and am
munition ' on the Chilean steamship Loa
Is intended f or " the , \u25a0 Government cf
Salvador and the vessel . was given her
clearance papers and allowed' to sail last
evening. •.. .... -\u25a0\u25a0: ~. , \u25a0\u25a0
Clearance Papers Are Issued
When Explanations Are
DulVMade.. - ,
Shipment : -P n \u25a0 Steamer
Loa Bought by Salva
dor Republic.? J :^
WAR MUNITIONS
LEAVE THE PORT
There was a "roof garden" party at the
Conoordia Club last evening', and a very
fashionable gathering was present. The
hall was beautifully decorated In pink and
green, with subdued light. The pro
gramme included many of th© greatest of
the Orpheum and Tivoll performers. Mon
roe, Mack and Laurence presented their
clever one-act comedy entitled "How to
Get Rid of Your Mother-in-law," Signor
Gaudenzio Salassa of the Tivoli sang two
sdos from "Bohemia," Tommy Baker, the
monologist, told a lot of stories and sans
a few songs, as did the "Beaux and
Belles" octet. The orchestra, under the
direction of E. M. Rosner of the Orpheum,
Sed to make the party, which was con
ducted in.the approved roof garden style,
a The i reJufar C orchestra was under the di
rection of Leo Bruck. At midnight the
floor was cleared and dancing enjoyed.
Talent Prom Orphetim and Tivoll
Help to Make Affair a.
... Success.
BOOE GARDEN PAB.TY
AT CONOOBDXA CZiTJB
\u25a0 An autopsy performed yesterday ender
the direction of Coroner Leland made
known the affliction that brought death to
James L. Martel. the well-known capital
ist and pioneer, while he bathed at the
Crystal Salt .Water Baths, Friday after
boon. Martel's heart. It was found, had
been In an extremely weak condition. He
was ! undoubtedly stricken when he got
into the tub of hot water and died im
mediately or lost so much strength as to
be unable to prevent himself from, drown
ing. - /
Martel was one of the /oldest and most
respected citizens of San Francisco. He
arrived on the coast from New Orleans
in 1846. He joined the American navy
shortly after his arrival and was assigned
to the - sloop Dale. Later he was made
purser's clerk on the storeshlp> South
ampton. In December, 1S46, he was placed
in charge of stores in the Mexican cam
paign and at the time of his death was
one of the few veterans of that war.
Martel retired from active business
eleven years ago. after having amassed
a fortune through his business integrity
and sterling worth. He held tne position
of Inspector of Customs under three dif
terent Port Collectors— Harrison. Collyer
and Thomas Butler King. He purchased
a tract of. land near Mountain View and
since has lived a retired life with his
family. His domestic life was exemplary.
- The funeral will take place from the
family , residence, . 2613 Buchanan street,
Monday afternoon. Rev. Dr. HempHiil
will officiate.- - . h/...u-\'-'.
the pony express for "Wells, Fargo & Co.,
by whom he was several times rewarded
•for bravery. Later he engaged In the
banking business In MarysviUe, where he
erected the first brick bank structure ln -
California. Later he went to Chicago and
engaged In the produce business. He lost
all in the great Chicago flra. <
Returning to California, he- secured a
position with Starr l& Co., and then en
gaged in the , flour business on his own
account. His 'remains will be embalmed
and shipped to this city for Interment.
Is Stricken While Bathing
at Crystal Salt Water
Baths.
Autopsy on the Body
of Late Capitalist
Martel.-^
HEART FAILURE
CAUSE OF DEATH
William Hensley;' the bartender charged
with abducting two young, girls to Van
couver, B. C. fcr the purpose of prosti
tution, appeared ..before, Judge Cabaniss
Kensley Released on Bail.
;The second'song. 'recital by Mrs. M. E.
Blanchard drew a large number of music
lovers to Sherman, Clay & Co:'s Hall yes
terday afternoon. A' choice "programme
was presented. Mrs. Blanchard sang: with
delicacy and finish, and her sweet con
tralto voice v. T as greatly appreciated. —
"Mrs." Blanchard's Concert.
quasned the same jury shall not have the
right to find a new.indictment in the same
matter..' The court held that the State
procedure must be followed. \u25a0 \u25a0 ' - '*
Judge de Haven fixed Dimmlck's bail at
$30,000. pending the finding of another in
dictment by another Grand- Jury..
: Lollta • Chfistopherson filed a suit for
divorce* against .Joseph Chrlstopherson
yesterday. They were" married at Elk
Creek. Glenn County, five years ago. Mrs.
Christopherson alleges that her husband's
intemperate habits have caused her great
'mental anguish. -_-— • . \u25a0 \u25a0•-
Says He Is. Intemperate.
yesterday morning. ,He : was, instructed
and arraigned; and the case continued till
to-morrow afternoon. His bonds were or
iginally fixed at • $2000- or $1000 cash, but
yesterday the Judge reduced tHem to $1000
or $300 . cash,' and Hensley was released
on cash bail in the afternoon. -: ••'
LITTLE SAN FRANCISCO GIRL
WHO' HAS CREATED A SENSA
., TION IN EUROPE. ; . - . . '
THE FJIANCISCO CALt; SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1901.
Alma Stencel, a California Girl i|j.|^ars|(^^^pl^jay^ (Before
Crowned Heads, Critics and .Impresarios and Is
\: Highest Honors After Professional Appearances in Europe
MERE CHILD STARTLES WORLD
OF MUSIC WITH HER RECITALS
27
Only in Europe are Sorosis Shoes Sold for More Than $3*50 (Made Necessary by the
Tariff Duties)/ The Price of Sorosis in This Country Remains $3o50, Notwith- j
standing the Reports Circulated That They Would Be Sold at $5.00 After December 1st.
AMERICAN WOMEN are quick to appreciate superior style, good r f 3^ ' ' Some of the most radical oa- IJSi^^^^^^^^^^HlW"
value and sterling Their phenomenal purchase of Sorosis shoes -^~-fcJ|_^^ pers went so far as to say L Ml^^^^^^^gjjlj
during the past four years is ample proof of their good judgment, A '^#*^ ; 3^^^^M^^^^»» opposition might mean the com- 5^^
SINCE THE INTRODUCTION of Sorosis shoes into London, ''O'&fjg^ '^B^ff^ f mencement of a trade war be- I^^^^lB^^SW
Paris and Berlin (where restrictive tariff duties have made it necessary to " J l^^^HL^' ' \ tween this country, Germany and |ffiT |^?7i'i5!i
charge about $5 per pair) their, sale has been wonderful. Sorosis shoes iff Urlrerff jJB&J^-*- *- Austria. • IS tegjif i '\ !B \
have completely reversed trade situations. Before their perfection im- \ \ Jji i\ UV^^R^i^iS THE FEELING AGAINST |i^ ifiH^SRBllf •'
.ported shoes were largely sold in this country. Now the most eagerly >?Mi\||| \\m*'Z/ V '(' ?**> SOROSIS may have been s ome- |jjjpf S^^fll^J
sought for footwear in foreign cities is Sorosis, at a large advance in 4Mj^g^^^0d,'U what aggravated from the fact || |^SSp%i^^^|| 1 1
price over what you are privileged to buy them at in this country. that Princesses of the Royal PJM Pj
The recent attempt to establish a Sorosis store in Vienna nearly " v^^S^^Cn.~^^^'^ Family purchased Sorosis Shoes ||i| '^ i:^l jpgj
caxxsed a trade riot. The local shoe-makers, 600 strong, appealed to the ''^mM^^^. «*£^ i f rom t^ e Berlin store and after- Sj// " m^^-^-— -fe^-,-, - .ffffli
government officials for protection, claiming that the. Sorosis Company . v v^^i^ * ward extwW4 th^ir fnten<u> '/// \ *
with their improved methods could manufacture shoes 30 jper cent' - - VSScc^^?^ oleasure and aratfffratfnn at c n- — -— — — — — — *
t j -K < .- £- f iu 1.1 ij * w^Wv^; Pr as H re a M a gratmcation at c.o- BXTBR i 0R of london sorosis store.
cheaper and of much superior style than they \u25a0 were able to produce. -rosis style 'and comfort. ; - — - — — — : — -"' '- — — — -
They even went so far as to threaten to mob the store^ should one be W^ y^^> ; EVERY AMERICAN CITIZEN is proud of the success attained
opened. The cables were full of the incident at the time it occurred, \u25a0 .... W W^M$M0k for th^ se r^mar£able shoes abroad, and the beautiful shops "fitted up for
but the newspapers, with that liberality' which; has eyer been their most || ; / ; '$$$>. , their sal e ther^ conducted by American methods and conveniences, have
distinguishing trait, very carefully avoided all reference to Sorosis, for The 'Viennese RobinsonCrasoe. been a revelation to the trade as well as the patron, and have proved
tear of giving them a little advertising- tree pi charge. \ . : , -. : (With apotO g le8 T he Philadelphia S /as °!' : objects of interest to Amerfca^s traveling abroad this summer.
I .^ r \u25a0"**?*. .l.\. Sorosis Dressing A ueneration or Fefiect reefc
«» . K^MsM-/ is unlike the usual sorts because it does At the earnest request of mothers who have worn "Sorosis" shoes with satisfaction the makers of these remarkable- shoes,
"S^jL," — \u25a0 e-^I^A •• • f^fO^^ : \u25a0\u25a0:*;;'• the leather good. Sold exclusively in SorO' . after a very careful study of the needs of the growing feet and nature's demands, designed a line iof/t'Sorosis"" for boys and girls
sis - Stores " ; *VS~-~£j • .' 4 F^ich are indorsed by pleading physicians. The adoption by intelligent mothers of our pTan of fitting growing lieet will securo
-.^??>^^&j^^^^^^^^ft^W^jffl •yt^gjg-' I -i^x ' , . - . ' to tne risill S generation the blessing of perfect feet and the pedal irregularities' which now exist will no longer be possible.
is^^^^wW sorosis Rubber Heels Women's $350 Always— Misses'" $3.00=CJiil(!ren's S2-.50
P^^S^Bi-^P ~ M ~ ~ '\u25a0"'. Catalogue of Fall Styles for the asking. " • ;
ixTEitroa of berlin sorosis 8T0BB. | \u25a0 %^/I^C^f \&*y***^? Second Shoe Store From Market.A picture by Sif- Henry Raeburn, repre
senting a young boy in a white shirt hold-
Ing a -basket of cherries, was sold at the
Cunliffe Brooks sale for $10,220; in 1887 the
painting brought $1226. and in 1883 $1533.
- Mozart's musical abilities divided among
his countrymen would . have made each
one of them competent to make his living
by leading an orchestra, and perhaps able
to compose a few rag- time tunes on the
side. — Boston Globe. * ' \u25a0
The genius, of Shakespeare, if divided
among the Englishmen of his time, would
have made them all brain -rich..
Talk of the uneaual distribution of
wealth; look at the unequal distribution of
brains! Solomon, Solon, Socrates. Con
fucius, Epictetus, Marcus Aurelius and
Emerson had enough gray matter to make
us all wise. as owls. : .
/ Distribution of Brains.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 26.— Miss Hannah M.
Oehlmann of this city, and a student at
the University of California, has been
awarded the Cornell B. Houghton schol
arship of that institution - for diligence
and worth. She Is a graduate of the local
High Schdol and is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Ludwig Oehlmann of 1430 Cot
tage street. -.-."*
"~M1es Qghlmarm "Wins" Scholarship.
OAKLAND. Oct. 25.— Licenses to marry
-were Issued to-day to - David L. Davis,
aged 42 years, Vallejo, and Sarah \u25a0 L.
Rolph, 31, San Francisco; Harry *A. Jor
gensen, 23, Mount Eden, and Anna Dun
can. 23, Santa Rosa; Frank Lea. 37, and
Mrs. Edward L. Jettman, 33, both of San
Francisco; William T. -Wells, 26. and Jen
nie Rowe, 23, both of San Francisco.
Licensed to Harry.
A Boston court, recently sent to the
House of Correction an unfortunate pris
oner who was unable to pay a fine im
posed upon him because he had \ been
guilty of the grave offense of reading the
Bible aloud at Revere Beach,- without first
getting the approval of the constituted
authorities. Some years agd an exhorter
who Insisted upon preaching on Boston
Common without a "permit" was put be
hind the bars. New. Yorkers seem to ba
more tolerant in these matters than the
modern Athenians. Here in - Manhattan
we are not : in 1 the habit of locking up
pious persons who read the Bible aloud
or call sinners to repentance In public
places.— New York Tribune..
Unique Boston Laws.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 26.— Improvements arc
to be made to the municipal electric plant
as soon as the City .Trustees can arrange
for the work and secure the machinery
required. It is planned to install another
engine and additional dynamos for gener
ating current. It is intended to expend
about -$7000 on the improvements. A spe
cial meeting of the City Trustees will be
held next Monday to hasten the work., \u25a0•'\u25a0
Will Improve Plant.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived, Oct 26— Stmr Carlisle
City, from Hongkong-; schr San Pedro, from
Eureka; stmr Et. Denis, from Ensenada.
PORT TOWNSEN'D— Sailed, Oct 2S— Ship Ha
waiian Isles, for Port Plrle.
Saturday. October 26.' ;
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, 3 days from Bow
ens Landing. \u25a0
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ARRIVBD
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— The Ameri
can hog has a European rival. Denmark
has come into the field as a producer and
exporter, of hogs and hog products, with
;a growth at least interesting, if not sug
gestive, to American producers of a com
modity whose export value grew from $84,
908,693 in 1891 to $119,961,503 in 1901. These
figures show the total value of hog prod-,
ucts - exported from the United States in
1891 and 1901, respectively, the details for
1901 being: Lard, J46.5C0.148; bacon, $37,
499, 026; hams, $22,842,778; salted and pickled
pork, $9,926,633; fresh pork. $2,424,537, and
canned pork, $708,381. a
The fact that - hog products form the
largest single item in the exportations of
the United States, having exceeded last
year by $2,000,000 those of manufactures of
iron ., and steel, whose exports \u25a0 have; at
tracted so much attention, lends -interest
to some facts which have just reached
the Treasury, Bureau of Statistics regard
ing the remarkable 1 development of the
hog-packing industry of Denmark. This
information . shows that the number of
head of swine in Denmark has increased
from 301.000 in 1861 to 771,000 in 1881 and
1,165,000 ln 1898, the latest year for which'
statistics- are available. . ".^
The prohibition of ; the importation of
live hogs into Germany and the United
Kingdom, which -countries were Den
mark's principal customers ; in tills line,
resulted in the - establishment of slaugh
ter-houses in Denmark and the increase
in the production of Danish bacon and
hams in recent years have been phenome
nal. The exports of hams -and bacon from
Denmark have grown from 9,120,000 Danish
pounds in 1878 to 129,700,000 Danish pounds
in 1898, the value increasing- from 4,110,000
kroner in 1878 to 47,080,000 \u25a0 kroner | in 1898,
the value of the kroner, being 26.8 cents. <
, As a consequence of the change from the
export of live swine to that of slaughtered
animals, the slaughter-houses have risen
to the greatest importance in '. Denmark
during the last, ten or fifteen; years. While
formerly^the slaughter-houses belonged-, to
private individuals, i a large • number \u25a0''of
joint and co-operative slaughter-houses
have been established during -this period.
This movement commenced- in 1887 on ac
count of the German importation prohibi
tion, when it became necessary -to kill a
considerable number of swine which were
formerly sent to Germany, alive for sala
in England. . _ -
- The number cf head / of swine exported
to Germany -in the year * before ' the . pro
hibition was enforced amountea'.to more
than a quarter of a million, . and thua
there was; suddenly plenty of work for
several . slaughter-houses. - In ; 1887 ione co •
operative slaughter-house ' was \u25a0!-.estab
lished, ln 1888 : seven, • and • rapid " progress
was made during the following .years
with regard to establishing, new slaugh
ter-houses and to the quantity of bacon
they produced. . ,- . : = l
\u25a0 There are now twenty-five ' co-opera tlv.j
slaughter-houses ln \u25a0 - Denmark. •-; which In
1899 killed 'about 729,000 head of swine at
a value of about $8,000,000," and about 22,450
head ' of dattle ?• for '- export at a value of
about 3,500,000 kroner. ..The largest slaugh
ter-houses killed from 1 58,000 . to 61,000 pigs
in 1899. and the smaller from 9000 to 10,000.
In 1 1897- 1 wenty-cne slaughter-houses :. were
stated as having been established, at a
cost - of • 3,543,000 Kroner, v and the number
of persons sharing in the : profits I of these
twenty-one' - establishments .-.-was 41,728.
Adding lo these the two largest, those of
Odense and ) Holding, - the ; first .of : which
cost 1 1,750,000 - kroner, \u25a0 besides : two '-. smaller
Special Dispatch to The Call. ' *
OAKLAND. Oct.. 26.— W. D. Akin*
and his wife, Mary J. Akins, testified In
the Akins contest that "the woman in
Mack." who claims to be the wife of
their deceased son, was never their
daughter-in-law that they knew of. Both
\u25a0testified that they heard of Miss Nellie
Bailey, the claimant, but their son never
t,aid anything about a contract marriage
with the woman. : The alleged widow,
who is fighting for a $200 estate, finished
her case to-day and then testimony for
the parents were offered. It will be con
tinued Monday.
Deny Alleged Daughter-in-Law.
WASHINGTON, Oct. -26.— Advices re
ceived by the Marine Hospital service
through the State Board of Health of
Alabama are that yellow fever is now
epidemic throughout Yucatan. The dis
ease prevails among the Yucatan Indians,
from whom it has been contracted by the
Mexican troops sent to. fight them. The
report 6avs the Government cannot fight
the introduction of the fever into the foci,
through lack of railroad facilities.
Yellow Jack in Yucatan.
Denmark Enters the*
Field as a Producer
and Exporter.
OAKLAND. Oct. 26.— Scott Van Wye,
who was arrested for shooting Thomas
Scollard in the neck a few nights ago,
was to-day dismissed from custody. Scol
lard has recovered sufficiently to be out
of danger. and refused to swear to a com
plaint. Scollard had aroused the "jealousy
of Van Wye. ,v
Scott Van Wye Goes Free.
slaughter-houses. and extensions for the
slaughtering of cattle for export and
other -objects. - the total' outlay amounts
to 6,400,000 kroner, and the total number
of co-operators about 56,000.
These co-operators have bound them
selves to send «he whole or part of their
swine to the slaughter-houses, and guar-
antee.'10-to 15 kroner per head of swine
for funds and working capital. These
co-operators share equally the working
expenses and the year's surplus in the
same manner hs the dairies. -They employ
549 hands, besides managers and office
staff: All of the twenty-five slaughter
houses possess a common -organization
and management, and a common office at
Copenhagen. The 'average 'cost \u25a0 of ths
slaughter of.each 4 plg for nine 'of the
slaughter-houses "• was 2.4 kroner in lSD'i.
2.56. kroner in 1897; -.and. 2.82 kroner in 189S,
21 per cent of the. incr.east3..in cost being
due ,to increase in wages.
\u25a0 The folio-wing table shows the enormous
amount of business transacted by the co
operative slaughter-houses:
TRADE INCREASE
AMAZES BRITONS
Victim of "Knockout Drops."
A man whose name from a card" found
upon him is I supposed- to be . ; William
Street Sr. was fo'und in an unconscious
condition on Pacific street, near Kearny,
last night. He was taken to the.Emer
gency Hospital. It is thought that
"knockout: drops" were administered to
him.- ".'\u25a0\u25a0-. " ; • -l • - -
SLEEPS ON HILLSIDE
A1TD ROLLS INTO* FIRE
Watchman for the Kes-wick Electric
Power Company Receives Hor
; : 1 : ' : rible Burns.
REDDING. . Oct. 26.— Falling asleep
while sitting on a hillside above a fire of
his own making;- Ed Tolle. watchman on
the. -pipe line, jof the Keswlck Electric
Power . Company In .the ',ShfngIetow.i re
gion, twenty-six miles southeast of Red
ding, rolled 'down into the flames. He
was horribly burned. Tolle was brought
to Redding last night and sent to a San
Francisco hospital. The first known of
Tolie's spectacular accident was wnen he
staggered "into camp, his- clothes' falling
irom him and his face and left , side
burned . so badly-- that the flesh was
scorched and tlie skin falling off. He was
in a partially delirious state and believed
he had been attacked by a wild animal.
Masons Flan. a Fete.
SANTA BARBARA. . Oct. . 25.— Local
Masons are preparing for a social event
on November 30. when the' cornerstone oC
the new Jiigh School building will ba
placed. Grand Master Wells will conduct
the ceremonies and it is believed that
most of the grand lodge officers -will bo
present. The grand orator will deliver
the oration. Santa^JBarbara Masons are
anxious to make the event one long to b>i
remembered. . In the evening, following
the ceremonies of laying the cornerstone,
there will be thlra degree ! work la
Masonic Temple. " .
Commercial Agent at
Chicago Reports on
Exports.
Fish \Venders Pay Fines.
, SANTA BARBARA. . Oct. 26.— This
county is- richer -by $75. because of the
arrest of two iish venders, who have been
catching end selling:., fish under the size
specified hy law. 'The law-breakers are
John Dickinson and "William Price. It
was shown that th«y have been catching
and shipping fish under nine inches in
length. Both r.-eaded guilty and paid
fines of $30 an'i $40. respectively.
Car Inspector Dunn Killed.
VENTURA. Oct. 26.— At Camarillo this
morning Thomas C. Dunn, car Inspector
in ' the employ of the Southern Pacific
Company, was run over by a gravel car
and killed.
ST. JOHNS. N. F.. Oct. 26.— It is under
stood in well informed circles that the ill
ness of the DuGhess -'of -Cornwall, and
York here Thursday afternoon was more
serious than was at first thought. It Is
also understood that the 'accouchement of
the Duchess Is expected to occur in April.
Never argue with a wasp; it is sure to
carry ita point. . - .; t«
03 | \u25a0 " ,M \u25a0 <
...• ' || \u25a0 ''•!».• \u25a0 §.»'•\u25a0'
\u25a0;\u25a0- '.-"a !v .*p \u25a0- • '••
TEAR. «' . : e \-. :
- \u25a0 \u25a0 I: -if- \u25a0 j "
\u25a0 if t\P] \ •\u25a0\u25a0
18S8 ................ . 1. 23.407 1,021,127
1889 8' * 131.548 •. 6,S9O,7b3
1890 '. 10 147.453 7,818,847
1891 14 :2«9,743 . 13.580,940
1892 \. .14 297.641 17.291.43S
1893 ...... • ' 14 817.785 19.157,475
1894,; 15 ; S85.731 20,244.055
1835- 17 52S.SU' 22.918,667
1S98 20 -' 626.S54- 25.566,561
1897. ......-". 25 . 583.420 29.130.8S5
1S98 ................ 25 -601.039 29,309,169
IS9S ........ 25 " 729.171. . 31,214.713
Totals... ...... 4,642,603 224,145,250
DEATH RESULTS
FROM LOCKJAW
Archie Butler Poisoned
K ',} • \u25a0 by '\ &; Hypodermic
Needled, - :•
Oakland Office San Francisco Call;
Sgj&fMh;; 1118 Broad way, Oct..;2G.»
, Archie ; Butler ,V 24 years r of . age and a
morphine i fiend, • died , to-night 'at the .Re •
ceiving. Hospital from .lockjaw, produce 1
by thev 'careless use 'of Va hypodermic
instrument wlth^which-he was in thi
habit of injecting \u25a0 morphine and cocaine
into his^body. The case is. Interesting to
medical practice', on acoount of the un
usual ; manner i :n> which ". the - disease ' wa-«
contracted.- r .s- \u25a0 • ; .; .
Butler, was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital last night from a lodging-house at
Ninth and Franklin streets. The man told
Dr. D.-M. McRae and. Steward Borcher:,
who attended \u25a0 him,"'-, that • he \u25a0 thought; he
was suffering from neuraligiai but'it took
the physicians ,but : a moment ' to ; decide'
that he -was *a victim of .'lockjaw. His
jaws were ': held i as in : the grip of ' a , vis-3
•by the contracted muscles and both arms
were t held in one position above the level
Of - the ;• shoulders. , v Both arms ' and ?• the
body, bore.: evidence of-'-the cause; of the
disease,' as the-surface of,' the skin- was
covered .Iwlth ' small: Inflammations whfera
the hypodermic i» needle \u25a0 had j pierced "'it. '
: The \nan .was barely able •: to talk, " ana
when , told | that he ( had lockjaw' and could
not I recover, '.volunteered * the Information
that Uhe" disease- must have' been l con
tracted through the * needle, which j he . had
ilot 'been ; careful: to 'keep .clean.-uHe .said
he had been accustomed to take as mucn
as thirty l grains ; of ; morphine - and? twent;*
gralhs*ofi cocaine everyv day.!, - : : >y
Special -Dispatch to The -Call.
CALL BUREAU,. 1406 G • STREET. N
W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 2tf. -The inter
est felt by the great manufacturing and
exporting^ countries of the world in the
growth of exports from the United States
and their invasion of new;flelds is illus
trated by, a recent official report of the
British commercial 'agent at Chicagpi in
which he \u25a0 discussefe -the export, traos of
the United States for the last fiscal year.
A copy, of this report has just- reached
the Treasury Bureau of Statistics. _
"The :. trade returns," sa ys E. Seymour
Bell, : the author of the report, "show
evidence of- a considerable : increase in
exports to Mexico,* Central' and " \ South
America and the West Indies. There are
many? indications that -an attempt is
about to be maueto capture the trade, of
South :_ America. -"•". Shipping facilities are
being improveu,' thougn slowly, and every
effort is being made to draw more close
the commercial,' relations of the two
American continents.' Particular atten
tion is being paid to the needs of buyers'
and the conditions of trade are being
closely studied. .Everything that can
give satisfaction to buyers isbeing done.
Close attention is given • to packing; of
\u25a0goods and price, lists, are circulated in
bpanish ' with," in i many cases, , prices qubt
ta in the current cuiu'of thu country, per
100 kilos*.' 'J. he j advantage of this to me
customers; cannot be overestimated." -
' .The - report . then quotes extracts- from
leading newspapers of Chicago and New
rYork,"i in- which the statistics of- the ex
port trade 'tor; the last - liscal year are
presented, and especially those showing
the growth of to South' America
and \u25a0 those ' showing , the establishment >of .
,new steamship lines to operate along the
Pacific coast of North and South Amer
ica, and adds:-. \u25a0 '. .- \ r
Causes of Expansion.
'\u25a0\u25a0 "The States on the Pacific /Coast, have
chiefly benefited .by, the increase of trade
with South: America. The new steam
ships ..trading - between : Pacific ' ports of
South -America:- and Pacific ports; of the
United, States, due perhaps to the new
interests i acquired . in • the. Pacific . Ocean;
greatly facilitate' the traded between the
several- countries. \u25a0 The development of
lailways in -Venezuela, Colombia and'Ar
gentina, often with -American capital, has
also greatly aided, the expansion. In all
probability this increase will continue, es
pecially, if the plans of certain/American
investors are \u25a0 carried : out.' - The -, whole of
South America only .'.takes about 3 .• per
cent of - the < total . exports . of ,the > United
States,':but they" are. increasing. jThe in
crease \u25a0 in trade 'with \u25a0\u25a0 Chile : . is considered
particularly- gratifying/ as it- was unex
pected. 1 1 Chile • is : recognized as one of the
most \ prosperous and | most- progressive
countries in South 'America,- and it'is ex
pected, to have a; great future: ' ••'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- '\u25a0-•\u25a0*., •- \u25a0
- "The desire to increase trade with South
America | is very \u25a0 keen,' and -there is prob
ably no -part -of 'the "world where 'greater
efforts i are being made to obtain a su-i
premacy. \u25a0\u25a0• Not V pnly- has t the ; trade >>been
very, small," but in most cases 'the South
American" republics, have ibeen selling jto
the ; United , States t more ; than : they ' have
been buying. -'Particular • attention . is be
ing called • to the trade -. in cotton \u25a0 goods/
That* the United States should have only,
.sold : hV 1900 to" Mexico, Central;and South
America :.' cotton ".' goods of " the -value . of
$3.605.269,\ while the -United .Kingdom I sold
to* these* same countries similar goods •of
the valne'of $38,007,564 causes -amazement;
taking Into consideration the fact that
Although Contra Costa's purchase price
has not been made known it is under
stood to cover the $10,000 paid by the citi
zens for the land and the 51800 spent in
dipgir.g wells. * *
;The townsmen interested in the land
were W. H. Marston, W. E. Mighell,
Charles Boudrow, John Finn. J. W. Rich
ards, J. J. Mason, A. S. Blake, J*' J. Le
Conte and J. J. Barker.
BERKELEY, Oct 26.-The Contra Cos
ta Water Company has purchased the
water lands at the mouth- of San Pablo
and Wild Cat creeks from ten citizens
ct this city, who purchased it several
years ago when an attempt was made to
get a municipal water works. .The land
was purchased and wells dug and the
town given an option on the land, but
the deal fell through with, as the people
were not willing to ero to the expense of
building a municipal water works.
Property That Might Have Been a
Source of Municipal Supply/is ""
Purchased.
AMERICAN HOG
HAS REAL RIVAL
he said: \u25a0.."\u25a0- .--.-. -. . <
"In Berkeley during- the past "years there
has .been .ah indifference regarding the
high school which has caused us to strug
gle on for many years, hampered for want ,
the , first principal of the',' Berkeley High
.School,, told of .early." experiences. Then
followed the official transfer. Captain W.
H. \u25a0 Marston. acting for the Trustees and
\u25a0 Professor E. ' J. Wickson for the School
Board. Short addresses were delivered
by both on behalf of the officials they rep
resented.- \u25a0 _\u25a0 •', -
During the exercises trios were rendered
by Mrs: Thomas: Rickard. Mrs.. Jo Mills
5 and Miss Louise ; McKee. . Mrs. Charles
Mills gave a soprano so!o.".
CONTKA COSTA BUYS
BERKELEY WATER LANDS
NEW. HIGH SCHOOL STRUCTURE AT BERKELEY AND THE PRINCIPAL OB' THIS INSTITUTION oF LEARN
- . ING. . THE FINE-BUILDING WAS FORMALLY DEDICATED YESTERDAY WITH BEFITTING CEREMONIES.
;;?.. WHICH WERE ATTENDED BY- A LARGE THRONG. INCLUDING MANY LEADING EDUCATORS. ".^
The Brownies, at the Dewey ' Theater,
proved a wonderful attraction this after
noon. The performance- was- given under
the direction of Mary Wilkins, and
the theater was pacKed to the - doors.
There will be matinee performances on
Sundays. Mondays and Tuesdays.
. The Dewey Theater will give farce
comedy and specialties for the coming
week. The play will be "Muldoon's Pic
nic," and the funny situations of the per
formance will be plentifully interlarded
with the -best specialties from the Or
pheum_. Xanders . Stevens has returned
from his vacation and will have personal
charge of everything connected with the
Dewey. from now on.
Peck's Broadway Theater was opened
on the corner of Thirteenth street and
Broadway this afternoon. It will' give a
continuous vaudeville show. . . \u25a0» .•\u25a0 \ *£i -
OAKLAND, Oct. 26.— From one theater.
Oakland has suddenly sprung into the
possession of three, for the Macdonough
Theater will open during the coming
week, the Dewey Theater is In full opera
tion with "Landers Stevens back in harness
once more, and Peck's Broadway Theater
was opened this afternoon. >
The Macdonough .Theater will be opened
on Thursday- evening with that popular,
melodrama. "In Old Kentucky," for a
three nights' run. to end on Saturday.
This will be followed by "Sporting Life"
for one night on the Monday following.
The Macdonough will be' used as the
home house for C. P. Hall's interior cir
cuit to comprise Sacramento, Fresno and
San Jose. v... \u25a0 • . ,
The Macdonough to Reopen — Dewey
Will Present Farce-Comedy
for the Week.
OAKLAND WELL SUPPLIED
WITH PLAYHOUSES
Resolved, That municipalities should
own and control their own public utilities.
Oakland was assigned the affirmative of
the question, which was defended by W.
H. Graham. M. L. Samuels and Benjamin
S;lversleln. Lodi took the negative,
which was argued by C. F. LJllie, James
Priestly and W. T. Gehan. George Mc-
Xoble of Stockton. Frank Ryan of Sacra
mento and the Rev. B. Fay Mills of Oak
land, the judges, decided that Lodi was
superior in delivery and argument and
Oakland in team work. .
The debate was the final of the semi
annual series for the Stanford University
cup and decides the next competitor of
the Humboldt High School of San Fran
cisco. It was held under the direction' of
the Debating League of California, which
held Its convention here to-day.
OAKLAND. Oct. 26.— The decision of the
judges went to' the Lodi High School in
the debate held to-night in ; the common
school assembly hall between teams rep
resenting the debating societies of the
Lodi High School and the Oakland Even
ing High School. Discussion was . upon
the question:
Judges Decide Oakland Evening: High
School Was Inferior in Delivery
and Argument.
LODI TEAM WINS DEBATE
ON PUBLIC UTILITIES
GRANT FAMILY MEMBERS
MEET' IN CONNECTICUT
Tercentenary of the Progenitor of che
'American Branch Is.Cele
-.-,,. . . . brated.
. WINDSOR, ' Conn., Oct. 26.— rTwo hun
dred members of the Grant family • aro
assembled her- to-day to honor the tec*a
centenary of Matthew Grant, the progeni
tor of the American branca of the fajnily.
The ' celebration will last three days and
the programme - includes addresses by
prominent members of the family from
all over the country. The Rev. Roland D.
Grant, D., D., now of Vancouver, B. C.
presided over the exercises.
Reports of the executive officers showed
that 1463 new members have been enrolled
during the year, making a total of 9400.
of which 2500 are living. A letter of re
gret was read from Mrs. Ulysses S. Gran*,
who said that she waa confined to her
room and therefore unable to attend.
Officers were e-hosen as follows: Presi
dent, Congressman Theodore E. Burton of
Cleveland, O. ; v-ce presidents— Ralph M.
Grant. East Windsor. Conn. : Eugene J.
Grant, Brooklyn. N. Y.; Hezekiah K.
Grant. Phillipsburg. Pa.; Captain Robert
T. Grant, Washington, D. C; secretary
and treasurer, Frank Grant, Westfielii,
Mass.: recorder, Rerv. Arthur H. Grant,
Montclair* N. J.
. After reviewing the growth of exports
of manufactures in leading articles, he
says: . "That the United Kingdom makes
such a poor showing in competition with
the United States Is due almost entirety
to the use of more perfect and. more eco
nomical machinery in this country. By
improvements in methods ofmanufacture
and close attention to the wants- of buy
ers there should be no difficulty in com
peting with the United States. As re
gards heavy steel goods such as rails,
structural materials, etc., the abundance
and cheapness of raw material in the
United States makes competition more
difficult. \u25a0 For finished articles -such as
machinery, etc., it is more- a question of
economy of manufacture, and design than
In the first cost^ of \u25a0'"material. In' this
country of high. wages. and. in many cases
long railway, carriage the .only, way to be
able to compete with other countries is to
cut down expense's as much as possible by
the -use of labor _savlng machinery and
general economy. If this is possible in
America it ought to be equally possible in
other compet|ng countries."
The report also discusses' the growth of
the export trade from the United States
to Japan, which, it says, "is becoming
an important importing country of Ameil
can goods." The report then quotes tables
showing the total imports, of Japan and
the total from the, United St,ates and
United Kingdom, respectively, at qmn :
quennial periods from 1SS1. It shows that
the imports into Japan from the United
States have risen from 1,781,108 yen In 1SS1
lo 62,761.196 yen in 1900; and that imporzs
Into Japan from the United Kingdom
have only grown from 16,364,740 yen in 1881
to 71.638,219 yen in 1900. Thus the United
States exports to Japan were in 1900 more
than thirty-five times as large as in liiSl,
while those of the United Kingdom to
Japan were less than five times as large
as in 1SS1.
Commenting upon this phenomenal
frowth in the exports . from the United
tates. Commercial Agent Bell says: "If
we make a comparison between the quan
tities of certain merchandise exported
this year with" those exported the year
previous many a useful lesson- may be
learned."
The Trade With Japan.
the United States sold to the United
Kingdom raw cotton worth about $100,000,
000. I merely mention this in order to in
dicate an important line of goods where
severe competition may be expected.'*
Lagori and Risso started from the foot
of Regent street' in a leaky skiff for the
Bay Farm Island side to hunt geese. Be
fore 1 they had rowed half way across the
channel their craft became waterlogged.
The boys, overcome with fright, turned
the frail vessel over and both were thrown
into the water. Young Risso seized a life
preserver. that had been in" the boat and
clung, to it. Lagori "clambered upon the
capsized craft and Risso soon did like
wise. The youths yelled at the tops of
their voices and attracted the attention
of Christensen and Horn, who immedi
ately put off from the beach In a white
hall and took the drenched and. weakened
lads aboard and brought them to land.
Risso lost a valuable gun when the boat
capsized. He resides in San Fpanqisco;
Lagori lives on Calhoun street in this city.
Christensen and Horn, the rescuers, are
both residents here, Christensen living at
855 Laurel street and Horn at S91 Oak
street.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 26.— Antonio Lagorl
and Silvio Risso, boys, were rescued from
the bottom of a capsized boat this after
noon off the south % end of Park street by
Emil Christensen .and Frank Horn, two
other "youths, who observed the perilous
predicament of Lagorl and Rtsso from the
shore. ; • \u25a0 - ; \u25a0•-"•- , - -
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 23.— Considerable
excitement has been. caused in Corte Ma
dera by the discovery, of a gold-bearing
quartz ledge upon the property of Jame3
S. McCue. Sometime ago McCue started
to sink a well. The formation through
which the boring was done was exceed
ingly hard, water waa scarce and the well
was about, to be abandoned when the
workmen broke into a ledge of quartz.
Crude tests showed that It carried gold
In considerable quantities and McCue
turned his well Into a prospect shaft and
had the work continued. " ••
A crosscut showed that thft- vein le about
ten feet wide, between two walla of slate
and limestone. Another shaft has been
sunk about 100 feet from the first and the
ledge has again been found. "McCue said
to-day: • ' • •'>.*'•
"I Delleve that It 13 a good prospect.
From assays made from samples of the
rock it will run from $8 to $10 per ton. It
is free milling. This, .together with the
fact that the ore exists. in a large body,
will* make the venture a paying one. I
am . so convinced of ltd -value, that I will
shortly have several carloads of the
Quartz worked."
No lots in Corte Madera are for sale
now. Owners are hanging on in the hope
that a quartz ledge meanders through
their property.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
pig damages are asked of the San .Lo
renzo Water, Company by Hunt Brothers
Company, the canning firm, and twenty
four insurance companies, who sustained
the loss of $124,496 98 by fire on account of
the alleged failure of the defendant to
carry out its contract with the plaintiffs
for a water supply.. The water company
is charged with having. delayed the mat
ter of extending its pipe line until a great
fire came and wiped out the entire fruit
canning and can manufacturing plant of
the Hunt Brothers Company at Haywards,
the destroying element having laid many
buildings and properties low on April 12
last, almost in the midst of the fruit pre
serving season. '• ' -. \u25a0•\u25a0 - .:
According to the complaint the plant
was worth at the time of the fire J125.000,
consisting of the . cannery, . a warehouse,
machinery, implements and seventy-four
cottages occupied by the workmen. These
properties were damaged to the extent of
$104,486 98. In addition to this amount
$25,000 is asked for loss of gains and pro
fits occasioned by the destruction of the
plant, less $5000. representing the loss that
might have ensued had the water com
pany carried out its contract. On the de
stroyed property there was $91,221 42 in
surance, $13,275 56 worth being uninsured.'
The plaintiffs assert that the loss was
not sustained through any fault of theirs,
as ample means had been taken to fight
fire on the premises. It is claimed that
an agreement existed between the parties
to the suit by which the water company
was bound to run a six-inch main to the
cannery premises to which was to be con
nected a hydrant and service pipes. The
pipes and hydrant were placed, but they
were not connected, in spite of remon
strances from the canning people that it
be done. The defendant promised in
March to make the necessary connections,
but up to the time of the fire had failed to
carry out its agreement. ..-"''-"; .'"'\u25a0
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. , Oct. 26..
Those who are marked for early retire
ment are Bailiff Sam Mitchell and R. B.
Phillips. Both of these men will reach
the age limit very shortly, but they are
now eligible for retirement under the dis
ability section of the retirement law.
When Mitchell is retired the duties of
bailiff of the Police Court will be assigned
to Police Clerk Louis Agnew, and th«
man who takes Mitchell's place will be
assigned to a beat, thus giving the depart
ment another active man.
The reorganization of the Oakland Po
lice Department is not going to stop with
the dropping of the five men who wera
removed in accordance with the ordinance
of the City Council reducing the force by
five men. It is very evident that the pres
ent Board of Police and Fire Commission
ers intends to make the changes that they
deem necessary for the benefit of the de
partment, and the changes are not going
to stop with what has already been done.
The Commissioners say that -'the
changes that were made this week were
not in any way dictated by politics, and
that when the men were dropped from
the department they considered only its
pood and wished to be as far removed
Irom politics as possible.
So the dropping of the five men last
Wednesday night will be followed by the
filing of charges against several more offi
cers and the retirement as fast as possible
of ail of those who have reached the ag«
of retirement. Charges will be filed
against some of those . who it was
thought would be dropped under the ordi
nance reducing the force, and those will
probably include Patrolmen Sill and Me-
Cloud.
Oakland Office San • Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 26.
Retirements Are to Be Made
as Rapidly as Pos- '
sible.'
Hunt Brothers and Insurance
"Companies Sue for Loss
of Cannery.
Their Perilous Predicament Is
Seen Just in Time by
' . ; ,/Two Boys,/
Prospects His Discovery and
Finds Metal in Paying
W*^ Quantity. , .
, The exercises commenced at 3 o'clock,
and were held in the. assembly room, on
the. third floor. Superinendent Waterman
presided. Afteran invocation by the Rev.
R. •£." Halsey, pastor of- the First Baptist
Church of this city.. Principal James de
livered an address of 'welcome. In closing
• • eises. Prominent Educators and
town officials took part, and the structure'
was officially turned over to the School
Directors by the Town Trustees,' who had
its construction in their charge. One of
the- Jnterestng features of the, exercises
was an account of the driving of the first
nail in -the first schoolhouse to be erected
in this part. of the State, written byMrs.
Sarah C. Richardson, a California pioneer,
and lead by Mrs. S. C. Partridge.
At 1 o'clock the building was thrown
open for public inspection, and, in spite
of the rain, the corridors and rooms were
thronged with visitors.. City Superintend
ent of Schools S..D. Waterman, Principal
M. C. James and members of the* high
school faculty were present and escorted
.the guests about .the school. .,..".
BERKELEY, Oct. 26.— The new
Berkeley High School building
was formally dedicated ; this af
ternoon with appropriate exer-
State Superintendent T. \ J. Kirk deliv
ered a short address, in which he con
gratulated Berkeley on ha vine so splendid
a high school. Professor W. W. Anderson,
"When the timbers of the foundation
were sawed and ready Mr. Ingram drove
a large nailin a piece of scantling. WHen
he had done so he looked at me as I was
perched on my pony, and said, ; with his
Scotch accent: 'There, little girl, you have
seenthe first nail put in the firstschool
house in this part of the country.' "
The first school was built on , the .site
of the present San Pablo-avenue schoct.
Of room.; We hope that this indifference
will be removed . completely by- the sight
of this new building. To the Board of
.Trustees, the School Directors, the archi
tect and thecontractor-we give our hearty
thanks, for they have done their \u25a0 work
thoroughly." (j
Mrs. Richardson was. introduced and her
account read.' At the time the first school
building was erected in Berkeley Mrs.
Richardson was a little girl, living just
across the Alameda County line in Contra
Costa County, and not far from the
Berkeley line. "In the latter part- of 1855
she rode;- to what is now West Berkeley
on her pony, and' happened to be present
when two men, named Ingram and Blair,
commenced work on the first schpolhouse.
The two men had donated their services
and the lumber had been procured through
contributions. Of ' what happened, Mrs.
Richardson writes: - : •' . . \u25a0 •.•
Why Water Corporation
Is Asked to Pay Big
Damages.-
Charges May Be Piled
Against Several
. ' Officers.
Youthful Hunters Meet
With Accident Near
Alameda. •;
Resident Well
Strikes a Ledge of
Quartz.
Many Citizens; Including; Some Prominent Educators, W
Ceremonies p by Which -Fine Struct|ure;Dev6ted to' Learning Is
Formally Turned Over by Town Trustees to School directors
MORE PATROLMEN
ARE IN DANGER
RESCUED FROM
CAPSIZED BOAT
GOLD BENEATH
CORTE MADERA
NO CONNECTION
MADE WITH PIPE
NEW HIGH SCHOOL BUILDING
AT BERKELEY IS DEDICATED
THE, SAN ERAN^
28
a \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0«\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0^\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0aa
[ VIM, VIQOR, VITALITY [
S ....FOR MEN.... - m
®- •— T MORMON BISHOP'S P.ILLS' HAVE JBEEN- IN i
-use over fifty- years by the leaders of the Mormon Church \u25a0
and their followers. Positively cure the worst -cases \u25a0 in •\u25a0
'old and young arising from effects of self-abuse, dissipa- fi
tion; excesses or cigarette-smoking, Cure 'Lost '-.Man-- S
. hood./Impotency, Lost Power, Night Losses, Insomnia, 5
Pains in Back. . Lame Back, • Nervous \u25a0Debility. .1 Head-' \u25a0
• ache, Unfitness to Marry, Varicocele or Constipation, \u25a0
„ Stop # Nervous Twitching of. Eyelids. Effects are im- \u25a0
g mediate. . Imparts yiRor* and HB^ -J^ potency . to ' every : function. \u25a0
g Don't get despondent; a cure y^T m \ is at hand. Stimulate the \u25a0
S brain and nerve centers; 50c a B box; 6 for $2.50 by mail. A £
m' written guarantee to .cure V# \J or 'money refunded^ with 6 .9
I \u25a0 boxes. Circulars free. Address -,-™ s , BISHOP- REMEDY CO. 40- S
\u25a0 Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal. CbW1 *>*. GRANT DRUG CO., 38 and S
\u25a0 '40 Third street. _ , , " '. HH
eCSIBIIIIHIBIBBBIIIIIHlilBfllBIBBBBflBBBBBBBIB
il^BiliSri^piiil
[ "Stitch iiv^he Back. !
Z : , "P, u 5 h ! - r .That^s - it.^ It catches me just as I am rising from the chair. 4«
r and oh! how^it hurts! I can t work, because- every, time I stoop I am in T
• :" , dai l?, er *° : f falhn K down. I «t so bad sometimes I can't turn over in S
' ' -•.-• %
'• "u i" 1^ Lu ?\ ba P,' 'associated with weak nerves and muscles in your f
., back, fut this ibelt on. applying the warm," glowing current rissht at T
. nthat spot. In a few hours you will feel a general looseninjr up of the 1
• strained muscles,^he soreness will go away, and you can twist- in any r
; . position without danger. I can warrant you a cure in less than ten days." T
: Dr. McLaughliri^s Electric Belt. ?
, dr. Mclaughlin, pfffflBWgM v
• w ?in r «nL r: rt» I v W T aa Jl2 ubled T lth P alns ln the back and hip Joints for a year. JL
• Ini l S ln?l 1^havl u~a ?. n .advertfsement about your belt/ *o I bought one. I
' "S?ed the belt now r^-Hh 1 have been entirely cured of all pato. I have not T
' ' twS Tlettiir hi'inv?L»2 . F 101 " 119 -' ! fee»«ke a new man. Tou may use I
:v tW 661^di?on n ItrlK very.truly, W. W. LOCKWOOD. |
' FREE^TES Tm ' -/ *; want. 'every sufferer, from Lam«" Back and Its 4*
I 'Fi?£E BOOK •\u25a0 * 2ii5 d # trouble ? to call and teat" my Belt free. Or -g.
*• *:r* .**.-"'*• . »end for. my free book. Inclose this ad.
; Rr;^;G McLatighlin, h
;^)^s^|^ial|&tsK?*5it.!*' -\u25a0\u25a0- 1There was • a - joyous meeting of . the
clans at the tenth annual, Hallowe'en sup
per and \u25a0 dance given by. the .' San > Fran
cisco Scottish Thistle* Club last night in
the Shlels building. Despite the rain- there
.was a goodly attendance. The - merry
makers were • unmindful of the patter of
the rain over their heads. A generous re
past, excellent music and < dancing .made
the annual event a memorable one. - i
Thomas. C. Nixon was , floor manager
and he was assisted by .John C. Moore
and"-Colin>-C. McGregor.- Following are
the officers of the San Francisco Scottish
Thistle Club: .. : : . . <
. Royal chief, George - Miller; chieftain," Alex
ander Strang;' recorder. George W. .Paterson:
treasurer, Robert : H. Murray; financial - secre
tary," John'. Swan; sergeant-at-arme, Alexander
McTier; , propertyman. \u25a0 .William -. H.'- 1-; Murray;
trustees— John Ponaldsoh, Peter Riddell,* Rich
ard F. - Wilson ; frames committee— George | Mil
ler, 1 ; chairman; George W.; Paterson, : secretary;
Alexander. Strang,-, Robert vH.! Murray, - John
Swan, ' Donald ' McLeod, Thomas . Christie, - John
Ross. P. 'D. Flndlay, David Young.v-^i.- \u25a0;;••-.?
Members and Friends Enjoy Supper
and Dance in Honor of Festive '
-, Occasion. " \u25a0*
SCOTTISH THISTLE CLTJB -
' CELEBRATES HALLOWE'EN
Sullivan Asks Heavy Damages.
John Sullivan is suing the Market
street Railway Company for $25,000 dam
ages for. Injuries he received Novembe:
3, 1899, through being knocked down by a
Mission street car.-
Mrs. May Kelly, 2218 Union street,' was
arrested Friday night for being drunk,
and yesterday morning she was ordered
to be detained pending an investigation
into a charge that Wednesday evening she
had thrown her aged mother-in-law, Mrs.
Mary Kelly, downstairs, seriously injuring
her.. . . , „
Dr. N.v S. -Giberson was called .in and
found that the old 'lady had received no
external injury,- but she seemed to be suf
fering from the shock and possible inter
nal injuries. The story told. to- him was
that the old lady had' been standing on
top of the stairs when her daughter-in
law. In a half -dressed condition came
rushing' along and collided agaiijst her,
knocking her down the stairs. She struck
against the post at the bottom of the
stairs. He attended her for twenty- four
hours, and was then told he need not call
again. ' > " 1 \u25a0'\u25a0
Young Mrs. Kelly . was In . a condition
bordering on delirium yesterday morning
in prison, but finally became quieter. It
was stated that - she and - her husband,
George Kelly, a teamster, were ; fighting
and the old lady was running down the
stairs, blowing a police whistle, : when her
daughter-in-law shoved her, making- her
fall to the bottom. Kelly denied the fight,
and said he was out for a pitcher. of beer
at the time. About six weeks ago Mrs.
Kelly and her husband had a fight, during
which she .was severely cut about the
hands. Detective Colemanis working on
the case. _ .";\u25a0'-.'
Mrs. May Kelly, Her Daughter-in-
Law, Being 3>etained Pending
. an Investigation. \u25a0
And our new line of leather goods for the
fall and holiday trade is here, consisting
of Walrus, Sea Lion, Buffalo, Hippopota
mus, Texas Steer. Seal and Alligator
skins, such as Pocket and Bill Books,
Letter, Card and Cigar Cases-, Lap Tab
lets, Chatelaine Bags. Suit Cases, Travel-
Ing Bags and Traveling Rolls, Cameras,
Memorandum Books, etc. We will letter
everything free of charge the same as
last year. Call now or any other time
and we shall be ready to wait on you
whenever you are ready to see this line
of goods. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. •
Christmas Is Coming
"Despite the rain there was a generous
attendance at the cathedral bazaar last
evening. All the booths did a fairly good
business. The patrons were generous in
their expenditures and the faithful work
ers were happy.
It was the night for the Young Ladies'
Institute booth to shinje and the hand
some furnishings were certainly resplend
ent. All the ladies were in evening dress.
The flag-draped booth was prettily decor
ated with potted plants and with its addi
tion of costly bric-a-brac and fancy work
presented a handsome appearance.
A programme was rendered by well
known artists. Miss Mae Stein rendered
a piano solo. Miss Lillie Byrnes sang,
William O'Brien contributed a bass solo.
Miss Kittie McShane rendered a number
of vocal selections and William Ogilbie,
the well-known tenor, also participated.
The, following ladles received the visi
tors: Miss Annie Potthoff, Miss Mae
Stein, Miss Josephine Molloy, Miss Mary
Donovan, Miss Ella Comyns, Miss Fannie
Douglass, Miss Belle Boyle, Mrs.-
Sweeney, Mrs. Richardson, Mrs. Welah
ens. Miss Hannie -Dore, Mrs. H. Galla
gher, Mrs. Maguire and Mrs. Fleming.
Members of Young' Ladies' Institute
Booth Have Night at Home and
Entertain Friends.
MANY VISITORS ATTEND
THE CATHEDRAL BAZAAR
AGED WOMAN INJURED '
BY A FALL DOWN STAIBS
A very enjoyable surprise party was
given to Mrs. L. H. Dillon at her resi
dence, 1645 Mission street, on Wednesday
evening, October 23, it being the anni
versary of her eighty-third birthday. The
guests were entertained by musical and
vocal selections by P. G. Fearr, Ed Buck
ley, Dan Power. Miss Edith Gendar, Mrs.
E. M. Gendar and Miss Minnie. Lee. At
12 o'clock the quests repaired to the din
ing-room, where an elaborate supper was
served. Those present were: Mrs. L. H.
Dillon', Mrs. E. M. Gendar, Mrs. Margaret
Beston, Mrs. P. G. Fearr, Mrs. May Gen
dar, Miss Edith Gendar. Miss May Bes
ton, Miss Minnie Lee, Miss Sarah Jones.
Miss Del Morris, P. G. Fearr, E. M.
Gendar, Thomas Beston, G. Gerald, Dan
Power. Ed Buckley, George Munroc and
Charles Turner. v^
A most enjoyable "coon party" was
given on Saturday evening. October 5. at
the home of -.Mr. and Mrs. Mohr, 2218 Van
Ness avenue. The guests were all marie
Jemimas, Topsys, Uncle y-Toms, colored
soldiers -and" sailors, dudes and end men
and other characters. In addition to a
programme of dances, the entertainment
consisted of cakewalks. songs and recita
tions. Among those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. W. McGeary, Mrs. Dr. C. Re
margue, Mrs. J. Quinn. Mr. and Mrs. M.
Mohr, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Knell. Mr. and
Mrs. C. Miller. Mr. and Mrs. E. J^eroy
Wallace, Mr. and Mrs. George Smith, Mr.
and Mrs. George Hensley. Miss Alice Nor
man, Miss Annie Hayden. Miss ' Jessie
Stephenson, Miss Beatrix Walters, Miss
Minnie Riley. I Miss Leona Mohr. Miss
Emma Donaghy, Miss Lilian. Roach. Miss.
Freda Breitzman, Miss Gertrude Stone,
Miss Hattie Miller, Miss Anita Riley, Miss
Helen Cameron, Miss Esther Dubolsa,-
Miss Saidie Quinn, Miss Pearl Polhemus,
Miss Sophie Breitzman, Miss Mabel Gee,
Miss Nora Thompsen, Miss Flora Trus
sell, Miss Claudine' Breitzman. Miss Ad
dle,Duncan, Miss Augusta Knell, Miss
Annie O'Donnell. Miss Alice Geyser, Miss.
Alice- Donaghy, Miss Margaret Riley, Dr.!
I. K. Smith, Dr. A. Alvarez, Dr. L. Levy,
Charles Parmenter, Emilio Lastreto. Bert
J. O'Donnell, John Terry, E. Dougall,
Harold Mohr, Henry Levy, George Quinn,
Juan Breitzman, • Jack Stephenson, Ed
win J. Mohr, S. Horn, Albert D.
Schmidt, Daniel Stewart. Edward Miller,
Norman W. Mohr, Reginald Putnam,
Frank. Norman, Oscar Mohr. Ed Norman,
Antone Johnson and Alfred I. Mohr.
A -farewell party was given on the 8th
inst. by Mrs. Mary^Richardson of Ala
meda to her sister, Mrs. Kittie Martland,
prior to her departure for El Paso, Tex.
The bouse was artistically decorated by
D. Hallahan with ferns, chrysanthemums,
roses and pink carnations, donated by
Miss Bertie Smith of Menlo Park. A
string orchestra was stationed in the ban
quet hall where choice selections were ren
dered. At midnight a sumptuous repast
was served, after which dancing was in
order. The feature of the evening was the
singing of Mrs. Martland and the speeches
of Toastmaster Hon. Bert Smith. Among
those present were: Mrs. Mary Richard
son, Mrs. Mamie McBernie, Miss May
Geishel, Miss May Davis, Miss Nellie
O'Dea, Mrs. Kittie Martland.. Mrs. Lena
Mehan of El Paso, Hon. Bert Smith,
An 'enjoyable surprise party was ten
dered to Miss Victoria Fernandez at her
residence, 268 ; Jersey . street, Saturday
evening, October 12, by the Crusaders.
The evening was spent in dancing, sing
ing, cake walks \u25a0• and games. At midnight
a bounteous supper was \u25a0 served. J Thoso
present .', were: Mr. and Mrs! Fernandez.
Mrs. Jennie Lippi, Mrs. Erna Franchini,
Misses Zenle and-Josie Fernandez, Mabel
and Ruth Sprung, Jennie and Hilda
Lippi, M. Knapp, Eda Shultz, Alma Zim
merman, Hannah Koch, Theresa Mat
thews, Bella Campodonico, Clara Lindner,
C. Dumontelle, Lillian Moore, B. Valen
tine, L. Wicht, Messrs. Charles Lippi, A.
Fernandez, George A. Waldo, D. Kimbalt,
Charles Heineman, E. Despair, A. Galli,
E. Smith, W. F. Blasse, A. W. Lippi, E.
Campodonico, J. P. O'Leary J. J.
O'Leary, R. C. Lippi, M. Blasse, Joseph
McKenna, A. Rablves. H. Rahlves; J. P.
Walsh, J. Blanchini, H. J. Shelly, Joseph
Lippi. ;-
Home Gatherings.
Judge C. H. Schuler, Robert Richardson,
Major William. Ford,- M. Daly of Phila
delphia, Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Bentley.of
Livermore and Judge Albany., \u25a0
An evening at home was given by Miss
Rendy Eckfeldt to some of her friends on
Sunday, October 20, at her residence, 1920
Howard street. THose present wert:
Ethel Eckfrldt, Annie Stirken. - Dora
Rodgers, EVa Roesch, Rendy -Eckfeldt,
Marge Rodgers, Jennie Mclntyre, 4 Emma
Thomas, Margaret Sullivan, Freda Thom
as, , Ruth' Adams, : Lizzie Keefe, May
Grace, fLltier? Rodgers, i May Eckfeldt,
Fabe Stirken. -Vincent Holland, Herbert
Thomas, Herman Hansen, Joe Moriatti,
Tonie Rebholts and Rodie Chlsen. ,; . ". :•\u25a0- '
A most enjoyable surprise party was
tendered Miss Eva Smith on Saturday
evening, October 19, at her residence on
Filbert street. During -the,- evening' J.
Kramber favored - with a trombone solo.
Miss Lottie A. Dwy or. recited several of
her well-known comic : selections, .Lillian
Powell sang most charmingly and i Miss
Carrie K. Jones and Miss Lottie A. Dwyer
played a duet on the piano. ' . At 11:30
o'clock supper was served, after which
games and merrymaking » were ' again in
dulged in until early morning. 'Those
present were Miss E. Smith, John Kram
ber, Miss Lillian Powell; J. T. McGurry,
Miss L. A. Dwyer, Harry Smith, Miss
Carrie H. Jones, Thomas Swift, Sadie
Wallace, George Sanders, Mrs. R. Smith,
Mr. and Mrs. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Gray
and Mrs. Dulettle,. J. Moffett and W.
Willis. - : .
A number of little people recently gath
ered /at 3038 Sixteenth street to celebrate
Sybil Price's fourth birthday. The little
ones were in charge of the Misses Edna
and Tessie Price, .Hilda Lieske, , Elsie
Thurman and Elvera Hamburg. :. Those
present were Sybil Price,' Anita Fitzger
ald, Eva Shaefer, Gladys O'Dwyer, Ber
nadette Taylor/Daisy Long, Bessie Day,
Gladys Day, Alice Trazer, \u25a0 Mildred
OlDwyer, Hazel Day, Eleanor Taylor,
Violet Long, Hazel MacWhirter, Grade
Taylor, Ereda Fisdher and Gladys Mc-
Neal. -\u25a0--..'\u25a0>.\u25a0.- \u25a0- .,
Mrs. Leonce Payot gave a delightful
r whist party at her residence, 406 Clayton
street, on Tuesday ' afternoon. The first
prize was won by. Mrs. Mina Robertson,
the second by Miss Wheelock, the third
by Miss Daul and . the booby by /Mrs.
Mackenzie. Among those present were:
Miss N. V. Brown, Mrs. Wheelock 'and
daughter, Mrs. F. M. Spiro. Mrs. Dr.
Woods, Mrs. Ingalsbe, Mrs. L. A. Gould,
Miss Daul, Miss Shier. Mrs. Mina Robert
son, Miss C. Doyle, Miss Marie Lawler,
Mrs. Mackenzie.
Club Parties.
The . Saratoga Literary Society gave a
party. Thursday, evening "in honor of its
former president, Atillio S. Musante of
the University of California,- who" recent
ly returned froni his sojourn. in-Monterey
with Dr. James Hartley. \u25a0 After partak
ing of. a fine spread, toasts were offered
over the, lemonade. . Dancing was indulged
in until a late hour. Besides the mem
bers of the club, the following, were" pres
ent: A. S. Musante, Miss Selma Abbott,
Dr. and Mrs. L. D. Lodi of New Haven,
Herbert F. Abbott and- Miss Fannie Wal
lace. ,; .!,... \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ..;-•',*.. « *:-\u25a0_ .-T.V»'.- . -\u25a0 . •.: .*.-.• '\u25a0 '
The Los Amigos.Club opened its sixth
season by a cotillon at Golden Gate Hall
on' Saturday evening, October.19. Joseph-
A. Baptista acted as floor manager and
Dr. J. C. Perry assisted. There. were 150
couples on the floor. Those present were:
G. G. Frisbee, J. Frisbee.-B. M. Jones.
Alan W. Maginis, RJ.C.- Daniels, Louis de
Lano. Roy- Gurney, Howard Van Kirk, F.
D. Hall, Joseph Baptista, Gus Soher, G.
Sanches, Earl Earhart, Dr. J. C. .Perry,
M. Owen, Robert W. Martland, J. L. Mar
tin, V. -J. LaMotte, B. Lee, R. Peters,
Mrs. G. G. Frisbee. Miss C. Lane, Miss L.
StiUa,- Miss- Bess Harvie. Miss. L. rVan
Kirk, Miss E. de Lano, Miss M. Carroll,
Miss E.- Halleron, Miss Kate Ralston, Miss
Lilly Eastwood, Miss Daisy Conroy, Miss
G. Macpherson, Miss Earhart, Miss O.
Hunsakcr, Miss E. Hobson, Miss E.
Spooner, Miss Fitzpatrick, Miss Penning
ton. Miss F. Keyser, Miss Edith L. Igoe,
B. P. Gleason. A. M. Walsh. Georgre Bo»
carde, Pearl Young. C. M. Moore, Joseph
Gruhn; A. D. LaMotte, C. Duebel, George
P. Fuller, A. Duncan; J. F.' Cook, Charles
MacLaren, Samuel Brogden. Miss Flor
ence Martin, Miss' Emma Sammy, Miss
Edith Eastwood, Mrs. L. A. Taylor, Miss
Mabel Barclay, Miss Tudie Crooks, Miss
Bessie Holmes, Miss S. Ford,. Miss E.
Walcom. Miss May Johnson, Miss A. Aus
termuhle, Miss , M. Schleef , Miss B. Mc-
Laren. - \u25a0\u25a0" ' * -•'.'\u25a0.
In the Future.
The Human Interest Club of Oakland
will be entertained by Miss Louise Wyck-
The engagement is announced of Miss
Helen Simon of New York, granddaughter
of Mr. and Mrs: \u25a0 Lewis Meyerstein, to
Arthur J. Silverberg of this city. They will
receive Sunday, October 27, at 1901 Frank
lin street, prior to Miss. Simon's return to
her home in New York City. '
The wedding 'of Miss Tillie Ohlandt and
Alfred Hammersmith will be quietly sol
emnized at the home of the bride's par
ents, 601 Steiner street, on Wednesday
evening-, November 6. -
Invitations are out for the wedding of
Miss. Elizabeth Sejigman and Aaron Ury
of San Leandro, which will take place on
Sunday, November 3, at Golden Gate Hall,
Sutter street, San Francisco, at 5 o'clock.
Only relatives and immediate friends will
be present. * -
They're Engaged.
off at her. home,- 1812 Fairview" avenue,
Berkeley, Instead of by. Miss Dixon, Oak
land, as formerly announced. v : The sub
ject for discussion will be, "Is. not. Dis
content With-Fresent Conditions Better
Than Apathetic Submission?"
The Deutscher Club has sent out invita
tions for a" reception and social to be held
on Monday evening, October 28, at Golden
Gate. Hall;:.'. -;.\u25a0-.;.;,,,..
The -regular, monthly entertainment and
dance - of the Native -Sons of Vermont
will be held on' Friday evening, November
1, at Odd Fellows' Hall.. The following
programme has been arranged for the oc
casion:- ' ,- - -v-. :-.'."..\u25a0 -
Selections, ""Delleplane's Orchestra; Ca
rita,"-the only . lady, conjurer; contralto
solo; ."May Blossoms," Maude-Day, Caine;
song, (selected), . Knickerbocker quartet,
Herbert Williams. first < tenor, Dr. . R. W.
Smith- second tenor, . D.B. Crane- first
bass, L. A. Larsen second bass; recita
tion in dialect, _ Carro. True-Boardman;
tenor solo, "Ah, Moon of My > v Delight,"
(Liza Lehmann), Mr. Algernon Aspland.
"Barbara"— A comedy in one act by
Jerome K. .-Jerome. Barbara, Miss Char
lotte E. Johns tone ; LUie, Miss Jean M.
Baldwin; Cecil, Mr. -Frank I. Klngwell;
Finnicum, Mr. William M. Ogilvie. i
The"Mendotas" willhold their sixth
assembly - Thursday evening, November 7,
1901, in Mission Opera ' Hall. Invitations
have already -been Issued.'. . . . \u25a0 -
Company. D, First Regiment, League of
the Cross Cadets, is making grand prep
arations tor its annual military ball, to be
held ,on« Friday evening, November 15, at
Native. Sons' Hall, i The committee in
charge is sparing no efforts to make this
the grandest i event in League . circles.
.The fourth annual grand entertainment
and ball, given by the Free Loan Society,
will be held at Odd Fellows' Hall on Sun
day evening, November 3. . \u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0: \u25a0
•.The first grand- masquerade prize ball,
given -under the auspices of the Willing
Workers' Warchauer Chevra B'nai Jacob
for the benefit of. the sick fund, will be
held on Monday evening, November 4, at
Union Sauare Hall; , . . \u25a0 .. • •
Pefsonall.
The ladies of the Presidio will be at
home on the' first and third Fridays of
each month. ' .. \u25a0
" Mr. arid Mrs. M/D. Levenson and fam
ily have moved to 928 Eddy street. Mrs.
Levenson .will.be at home the first, Fri
day of each month. ' . ; . '
Dr. W. S. Franklin, who has been
abroad several years, has completed his
studies and will' soon return to San Fran
cisco. . - .
-Mrs. B. Meyer, accompanied by Herman
Lederer, . left for the East to visit her
daughter, Mrs.-I.Rosencrantz of Chicago
and her son, George Meyer of New York.
Mr. and Mrs. J. ./Turkman (nee Cohen)
will receive this Sunday from 2 to 5 p. m.,
at their residence, 242D Ninth street.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles M. Leavy will re
ceive at their residence, 2727 Pacific ave
nue, "on next Sunday, in honor of the 1 en
gagement . of their, daughter, Gertrude
Eunice, to Selby C. Oppenheimer. i
Mrs. Charles Oppenheimer will give an
"at home" .on 'Wednesday afternoon. Oc
.tober: 30,-; at. her -residence, 311 Spruce
street. . \u25a0'\u25a0_-.. 't -^".- •. , ..: \u25a0 \u25a0
-The following San Franciscans sailed on
the Hamburg-American Line Express S.
S. Fuerst Bismarck, on the 23d inst., for
the Mediterranean: Mr. and Mrs. Edwin
L. Griffith, Millen: Griffith, Mrs. Taylor
Dickson, Miss M. Eyre, Miss B. Hoe.
Miss Josephine Fratinger left Sunday
for an extended Eastern trip. " '
Mrs.' Charles ' L. Ackerman will be at
home at 2201 Van Ness avenue on first
and second Thursdays. .'\u25a0
Mrs.. E.- Lyons and her daughter, Mrs.
Henry -Kafon of 2022 Bush^ street, will be
at home on the first and third Tuesdays.
Dr. and Mrs. A. H. Taylor returned
from' abroad on "Wednesday last and. are
with friends at 1916 Broadway.
Mrs. Charles J. Behlow Jr. will .be at
home Tuesday, October 29, at 1807 Octavia
street, ' prior to her departure for the
south.
Mrs.--H.~I. Rosenthal (formerly Rose
Brown) will be/at home Sunday, October
27, at 132 Albion avenue, off Sixteenth
street. . * . ,
Julius Platshek, accompanied by his
son, Attorney M. J: Platshek, who has
been traveling throughout Europe during
the last six months, sailed for America
on the Deutschland from Cherbourg on
the 18th inst. --< . •' - ,
Mrs. Frank S. McCullough of Los An
geles is visiting her mother, Mrs. W. W.
Stone, at her residence, 1938 Vallejo street.
Mrs. A. E. Green has moved to 736 Bush
street: • At home fourth Mondays.
/_^ -^EAS, luncheons, 'dinners, wed-
dln^s and dances have made
n \ the past week a' madly merry
. I V 1 one. The outlook for the com
\j»—\^i ing week Is equally brilliant,
' and all kinds of entertainment
will succeed each other In
bewildering variety. . . \ -. ..
The attention of the exclusive | set . i»
naturally turneJ to the aproachlng enter
tainment to be "given by the Doctor's
Daughters. All indications point to an
affair that nas probably never been
equaled and certainly never surpassed in
the social annals of this city. That the
ooll show Is cooing to be a financial a.<
well as a social success seems to be a
foregone conclusion.
RELATING TO SOCIETY
THE SAlS^PfTANClSCO CALL; SUNDAY, OCTOBER .27, 19Q1.
29
ADVEB-TISEMEMTTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
FKEEI FREBI' , ~ . '-
fWrTWTU I illi T ' permanently removed by DR.
HPft Saand MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE,
' BfX^aWMI Ponohoe building, 1170 Market St.,
B^jSg^7WawUh the" electric needle, without
K5jE* 'A/gpaln or scar. First. Bitting free.
BfcSUVfjH Hours, 1 to 4 p. m. Brahman
\u25a0X "*"\u25a0- JE Toilet Cream. 50c; Brahman
rZJw — ~W& Tooth Powders, 25c. All drug-
MHHjggMMH gists. Large stock always at J.
eULADY
On exhibition, one side of whose face Is badly
wrinkled, while the other side has been 1 made
smooth and youthful by - the - physician In
charge — the difference I In ' the two , sides
being almost beyond belief— astonishing: . the
crowds of admiring and wondering ladies who
call to see her. Hundreds of the best people
of this city and State have been made from
twenty to thirty years younger In appearance
by this treatment: the methods employed Insur-
ing against the wrinkles' return In the future.
Call and see her; seeing Is believing.' - Ill-
shaped noses, double chin, saggy cheeks, droop-
ing mouth, puffy, baggy lids corrected. Freck-
les, hair, moles, traits, scars and all marks
and blemishes removed. NEW. TORK INSTI-
TUTE OF DERMATOLOGY.' Columbian Build-
ing, 916 Market st. (opposite Emporium), San
Francisco. Consultation free and strictly con-
fidential. Lady In reception. | Take elevator to
fifth floor. ' - >\u25a0'-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - \u25a0 » „"
R ad way's
Pills
Purely . vegetable, mild and reliable. "\u25a0 Causes
perfect digest ion, - compleU absorption , and.
healthful regularity. \u25a0 .-'.., \u25a0.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Llv«r. Bowels, Kidneys. Bladder. : Female Ir-
regularities. 'Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stloatlon. Piles and all derangements of .the
Internal Viscera. 2Sc a box.' At Drurglsts, or
br mall. - BADWAT A CO.. New Tort
t ™. i 1 IhttIVtTTi h iminmin wr 'iirrnrimn'T VrrnrTir^T
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
London Assurance
Corporation
(INCORPORATED A.D. 172O)
Or LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1900, and for the
year ending on that flay, as made to the In-
•urance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610
aci 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
fckxk furnished by the Commissioner: . '
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Hands owned by Company $l,99O,8Ti 75
Cash In Company's Office 1.479 04
Cash in Banks - 233,419 S7
Interest due and accrued on all
{Stocks and Loans B.8SJ E9
Premiums In fin« Course of Collec-
tion 201,267 22
Bills receivable, pot matured, taken
tor Fire and Marine Risks 132 78
Duo from other Companies for Rein-
nurance on losses already paid..... 14.514 SI
Total Assets _ .»... 12. 447.677 06
LIABILITIES.
Lccse* adjusted and unpaid $33,801 00
Lr«ee* in process of Adjustment or £
in Suspense ,. £1,806 00
Lcesez resisted. Including' expenses.. 17,700 00
does premiums on Fire Risks run-
ntaB- one year or leps. $610,752 69;
reinsurance 60 per cent 305,236 35
Gross premiums on Fire Risk* nin-
nlnr more than one year. *880.- \u25a0
!,C1 12- reinsurance pro rata 436.E25 85
Groes Premiums on Marine Time
'3ieks S I reinsurance SO
Ut cent 25.858 13
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance pol-
xles • 174 SO
AJ other liabilities 98,405 20
Total Liabilities R038.667 33
INCOME.
2Cet cash actually received for Fire
premiums (S54.630 85
Ifet «aeh actually received for Ma-
rine premiums - 34S.505 54
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
' ;all other sources 72.E16 26
Received from all other sources 2.84S 29
Total Income 11.278,498 04
EXPE2?DITT3RES.
H'lt amount paid 5 tor FI* Losses
\u25a0UBciudln* $- :...losst of pre-
TiottB yean) ..............•:...• $515,852 €S
Ket'amoust paid for Marine Losses
(Including * losses of pre-
vious years) - 191,751 2S
Paid or allowed . tor Commission or
Brokerasre -. 201.726 17
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other . \u25a0 • \u25a0\u25a0
charges for officers, clerks, etc 88, €tf S3
Pild for State. National and Local
taxes - • 44.679 32
All other payments and expenditures 62.201 6S
Total Expenditures »1,1O6,S3S 90
Losses Incurred during the year $72L343~4J
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.'
j*et amount of Risks
ffiSlSSS $111,334,574 $1,068.347 00
vet amount of RUks . .
ySr^..^.^^ UW*« ».«•»
1 si° WOO?? 163,096.811 1.491.777 82
*~ MarineRteks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
•SfffT.^1*'.!^ ttDL»S6.7n $640,622*4
Net amount of Bisks ;\u25a0'.>\u25a0 :-'-V
expired during the r
"SJZXS^IZZ: f.306,264 35,f58U
CHARLES L. CASE. ManarerT"
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23th
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
221 SANSOME ST.,
San Francisco.
GEO. F. GRANT - - Manager.
WEEILLCALl
61 pep Year/ -
HENPECKED HUSBANDS.
By MARGARET L. BRIGGS.
RIGHTS RESERVED.)
- While reading some papers the other day I happened across these sen-
tences, and they have a world of wisdom in them: "For some reason tho
martyrs of our, day. are scorned rather than admired. "We are prone to think
that martyrdom is a lack of backbone in the martyr." The article referred
to henpecked husbands and accused them of lack of courage.
.- As a class henpecked husbands are more misunderstood than any other
persons in existence. The wife will make a fuss if her husband comes horns
late; she will object to his instructions to the children; she will ridicule his
friends until they no longer visit each other. Step by step the woman will
narrow her husband's horizon, for the unfortunate man desires peace above
all else and he will. do anything to secure It. He tries hard to do what h»
thinks will please- his wife. , He never stops a minute to chat with his
friends, but coines home day after day. as regular as clockwork. He rarely
speaks except to answer questions. After dinner he retires to some corner
where he hopes to. pass a quiet hour. He would love to smoke, but his wife
does not like the smell of tobacco in the house. So he gets what consolation
he can from his newspaper. Yet this husband, whose entire life has been
crushed, will only say of his wife: "Poor girl; she isn't well. I knew if sha
weren't sick she wouldn't mind things so much." "With him it is not lack of
backbone that makes him a martyr, butcrnsideration for his wife. He must
make allowances for her because she is sick, and he does it even though it
changes his living to mere existing. \u25a0
• His wife, oh the other hand, like 'their acquaintances, never considers
herself sick, in that charitable way her husband has. She is merely In that
frame of mind where she knows she has rights and will see that she gets
them, no matter.'what happens. She is mistres3 of the house and there
her word is law; she treats her husband like a slave, and before long he is
one— a slave who follows her lead blindly, without any Interest or will of
his own. 'T
The. husband is right— his wife is sick. She is sick with some one of
those female ', disorders which, while perhaps not showing itself in actual
pain, keeps a woman continually wrought up and excited; and with her the
excitement has taken the form of Insisting upon having her own way la
everything. What this: woman needs is to take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound, and the disagreeable traits in her husband to which she so
much objects will not seem so bad as she thought them. Mrs. Pinkham's
medicine will quiet her, will make everything more cheerful, and happiness
will reign in that household.
There, are other martyrs of our day,' however— the women who suffer
year, after year, yet uncomplainingly go about their work, considering It
their duty, no matter how" they feel. Many of them, when the pain in the
back~ seemed unbearable, when they suffered in agony for hours during their
monthly illness, would go to the family physician. But usually they are wo-
men of great modesty and cannot bring themselves to tell a male doctor
the whole Ijrath about their aches and pains. So they secure no relief, and
go on day after day, knowing that each night will but find the pain greater.
" These silent sufferers are the real martyrs of our day. But with them,
too, there is no need for their martyrdom.' Let \them write to Mrs. Pink-
ham at Lynn, Mass. They can tell her. all, every detail of their illness, about
every pain, because she is a .woman and understands all the ills of women*
No man ever sees the letters that go to^ner, and these martyrs can safely tell
the secrets they would hate to whisper to a man. No woman need fear to
tell. Mrs. Pinkham is ready with- her sympathy, ready with her advice. All
these martyrs may be sure they need suffer no longer if they will but do
as Mrs. Pinkham tells them— no more pains in the side, no more backache,
no more headache. Mrs. Pinkham's medicine cures them all, cures them
surely and cures them for good.
I do hope these silent sufferers will go to her and be martyrs no longer.
"'[. ;':\u25a0_ OCEAX TRAVEL :
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'V. . - . Steamers leave Broadway
BL Wharf, San Francisco:
KaBfiSi^.. For Alaskan ports — 11 a^ m..
l«Sl!'^L_ Oct 3, 8. 13. 18, 23. 28, Nov. 2.
, MKTSCw3 Change to company's steamers
i KnItt?*9ieJ9i For Victoria Vancouver (B.
' C.) Port Townsend, Seattle.
ill Tacoma, Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.)— 11 a. m.,
Oct #3, 8, 13. 18, 23, 28, Nov. 2. Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Aiasxa
and G N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
P . Ry : at Vancouver to C. P. By.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)-l:30 p. m., Oct.
4 9 14 19 24, 29. Nov. 3. _
'For San Diego, stopping only at^Santa Bar-
bara Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
Ke l eS )_Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays, 9 a. m
For Los Angoles, calling at Santa Cruz Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (ban
Luis Obispo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara \en-
tura, Hueneme, East San Pedro, San Pedro
and Newport-Steamer Corona, Saturdays,
For^nsenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Informtlon obtain \u25a0 the company \u25a0
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and \u25a0 hours of - sailing,
without previous notice. \u25a0
TICKET OFFICE3 —t New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
6. #?. «& /v. co.
Only Steamship Xiine *c*
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Throufth tickets to all
points, all ral! or steamship and rail, at
IiCWEST 3EVA-TUS.
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLUDE BSHTHtnd HEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA SaUs.....Nov. 4, 14, 24, Dec. 4
SS GEO W. ELDER.. '.
.;. w . Sails Oct. 30. Nov. 9, 19, 29
Steamer sails from foot of SDear st.. 11 a. m.
D.W.HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt.,1 Montgm'y. S. '&?
TOO KISEN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner I First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on *oard on
SS^ HONGKONG MARtJ........... ...........
. ...........Saturday, November 16, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU...... .............;..
Wednesday, December 11, 1901
SS.- AMERICA MARU........... VV*^
....-., Saturday.' January 4, 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
AMERICAN LINE;
nT TORK. 80UTHAMFT0R. LOHDOH. PABIi
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork- Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
Friesland ..Nov. 6 Haverford Nov. 27
Philadelphia ...Nov. 13 Philadelphia ....Dec. 4
St Paul. ....... .Nov. 20 St. Paul .Dec. 11
FED STAR LINE;
N*w York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Friesland . :.Nov. 6|Haverford ...Nov. 27
Southwarkv...-Nov. 13 «Zeeland .:.. '...:. Dec. 4
•Vaderland . .....Nov. 20j Friesland Dec. 11
•Stopping- at' Cherbourg, eastbound.
• INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO., -
. * : , \u25a0 CH AS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent jPadflc Coast. 30 Montgomery st.'
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia: Sud Americana ds Vapores
To Valparaiso,' stopping at Mexican. ' Central
and South 'American ports.- Silling from Ho-m-
ard 3, Pier 10, 12 m. -^^agTO»Wiq»WBgIitlBCPl
LOA ..............Oct. 261PALENA .......Nov. 23
PERU ..".....--Nov.- 9 1 COLOMBIA :i..Dec. 7
\u25a0 These ' steamers - are built expressly for Cen-
tral ' and South American - passenger service.
\u2666No changes at Acapulco or Panama.)-. Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street' .- ;
B ALFOUR. ' GUTHRIE & CO. . Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R,Si ?
TO i HEW'jVOrfK ~ V| j :'PANAMA ' DIRECT. '\u25a0
>\u25a0\u25a0 Cabin, $105; Steerage, \ $40: Meals , Free.
6. 6. Leelanaw ' calls Thursday , • Oct. 31
6. S^Arftyl[ ' sails Saturday, ' Dec. . 7
S.S. Leelanaw sails
From Howard-street wharf , (Pier 10) at 2 p. m.
Freight \u25a0 and \u25a0\u25a0 Passenger i Office,' 330 Market st. -
• ,. , F. F. CONNOR, , Pacific Coast Agent. „
-•.?« '0CEA1TTBAVEL.
A/feAHIlIl> CefA -IMWAtt, SAMOA. NF«
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday. Nov. 2. 2 p. m.
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney... Thursday. Nov 14, 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
- ..• Nov. 29.' 10 a. m.
J. D. SP3ECKELS k BBOS. CO., Bintrai Xjintz. 327 Harfcat 8t
Gen'l Passenger OtSca, 843 Karkst St. liar Io. 7. PacSc St
C0MPA3N1E 6XNXS1LS TXAKSATLARTiaUB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -
Satling every Thursday Instead of -UlTi\3n*
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, •33mK*m
North Klver, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, 170 and upward. Second
class to Havre. (43 and upward. GENERAI*
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold. by all Railroad Ticltet Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR O.T1aVY YARD AND VALLEJO
Steamers GEN. FRISBIS or HONTICELLO
9:45 a. m., 3:13 and 8:30 p. in., except Sun.
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, • p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far. 5»
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mlsalon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
STATEMENT
— OF THB —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. OF THE —
Fidelity and Deposit
COMPANY-
OF BALTIMORE, II* THE STATE OB"
Maryland, on tha 31st day of December,
A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on that
day. as made to tha Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to tha pre-
visions of Sections 810 and 811 of tha Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by th.
Commissioner:
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid tip la
Cash .........;..... $1.500. OOP 00
ASSETS. " •\u25a0..:\u25a0»:'•;
Real Estate owned by Company S80O.CCO 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and i '
Bonds owned by Company 3,364,137 CO
Cash In Company's Office 4t.S13 11
Cash In Banks 277,971 57
Premiums In due Course pf Collec-
tion V 97,372 OS
Total Assets ..: .84,381313 n
i /-. * v '-V't - INABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid..... $4,479 S3
Losses In process of Adjustment or ,
In Suspense' 45,127 81
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 105.553 33
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less. $ ; rein-
. Eurance 50 per cent 850.243 39
' Total Liabilities $805,409 4*3
' "INCOME.
Net cash. actually received for pre-
• miurns ~ — ..."."-.. ..-..". Jl.t38,263 47
Received for Interest and dividends j
on Bonds, . Stocks. Loans and , from
all other sources 135.67143
Received for Rents 38.45332
Received from all other sources. 73.743 53
.Total Income .$1,336.130 75
EXPENDITURES. ~~~
Net amoant paid for Losses (includ-
ing $ .....losses of previous
years) ..-.-'- $371,259 M
Dividends to Stockholders.:.'... 282.44? 50
Paid or allowed for Commission or .
Brokerage .'.« • • -•- > • • • • • 379,281 34
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other . -
charges for officers.. clerks, etc.... 77. S 33 04
Paid for State, National -and Local
taxes ....:..... ;:.:.•..:.......... S2.SJ3 u
All other payments and expenditures 179.391 44
. Total Expenditures>...il~......... $1,222,514 29
EDWIN WARFIELD. President.
"\u25a0 HARRT NICODEMUS, Ass't Secretary.
Subscribed and I sworn to before me thl3 StJi
day of January. 1901. FRED S. AXTELL. .
— ,-. Notary Public.
FRANK L. GILBERT,
GENERAL. AGENT,
1 ROOmS 24:25-
Jentfi Floor MiHs Building.
.San Francisco. \u25a0K]
J_ - ADVERTISEMENTS. ' * '
STRAIGHT FRONTS.
. REpFERN MODELS arc the highest examples of corset art. It
is a satisfaction to recommend them because they never fail in nttinjj re-
sults; the materials are beautifully fine, with trimmings of rich silk flos-
sing and daintiest^f laces. •'
AvOsliin underwear;
•c S - 1S On i C °^ T our stronsrest specialty lines that we are goine to sac-
l- 0 * } s week - *t will pay you to see tfic bargains we are offering in
this department.
y"^^! io. dozen L A D I E S'
/^ '^v GOWNS, made of good mus- sd\. V^
lin; have V-shaped neck, yoke ' / J||$£/pfi
f^Zr&fc^f^). oi fine tucks and hemstitch- /Vw§3!&E»
/ fwfS!t>*t/i!& ing, x cambric ruffle trimmed \\ KOT
I^V \^AriP\ nec^ an(^ sleeves. Good S >^1|&(
TOT^ Spedal 39c Each, l \u25a0 W\fy I
SHdVJn^ 'W ' io dozen L A D I E S' W) *\ \l X
r#"O~aiMMrUr GOWNS, made of fine cam- * / ' 1 V
This eorset Is made hric emoire stvle fine tuck- This corset Is made
for the average Dnc ' cm P ire 5iy . lc> nne IUCK for a stout figure, of
American figure, of ed and • hemstitched front, fine white English
SoW^d El ffi£ deep ruffled, hemstitched col- gjfflg §^ ed b^
Italian, boned -with \ iT an d cuffs. Good value 75c genuine whalebone,
genuine whalebone, . " low ( bust and long
medium low bust C— --i«l CA« E«~l. hi P- Price $3.00
SS.ooS&i-i? 10 ' Special 59c Each. p-p^.
S5c each— LADIES' GOWNS, made of fine soft finished muslin, French necks,
V necks and high necks, all nicely trimmed.
&1.OO each— LADIES' GOWNS, made of fine cambric, very, elaborately
trimmed, yokes of hemstitching, lace and embroidery, empire styles.
81.25 each— LADIES' GOWICS, made of fine long cloth, high neck, with
turndown collar; the neatest and daintiest thing you have ever seen.
Orescent Corset Go*,
742-744 MARKET ST., I successor* to l 1157 BROADWAY, -
SAN FRANCISCO. | FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE | OAKLAND - - CAL.
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS...
WARM AIR.
STEAM.
HOT WATER.
...OIL STOVES
BLUE FLAME.
WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS.
NO ODOR.
no smSkI: 309 to 317 Market Street,
San Francisco.
Your gray hairs
I||||j n#t wanted . .
Wx&$$a2^ Wt Many a man and worthy woman is turned away from
fc^lp^ ||; employment, or neglected in a sqcial way, because of
2 U^. t nere i s relief fronV that unfortunate condition.
mrs. nettie' HAR-' \u25a0 Your hair may lie brought back to it3 natural color
\u25a0 RISON'S LATEST , ' .' . . . -•-•".. \u25a0•\u25a0' • - \u25a0 . r-
'. portrait. in four days by usmg ;..
free MRS. NETTIE^iARRlisON'S
To all who purchase a A = UflV ll HI V KCSt O TCV
bottle of .Mrs. Nettle \u25a0 y . **.. - - . , , \u25a0 ;
Harrison's 4^day it is not a dye, but in a natural way it acts on the
treatment win be "given 1 roots, compelling the. secretion of the ;; pigments that
free. One treatment give life and co. 1 or to ths hair — in four days — $i a bot-
ls sufficient to give the tle at all druggists# .. ,.'
hair its natural color. " ? _ DO
trial pot Lola Montez Greme
Ladies out of town g^^^f^tt^^^g^l^tito
sending this ad and Does not peel off the ; old skin, but rejuvenates it by
10 cents in stamps win removing the obstructions \u25a0 that clog and impoverish it.
r t Ce ctfoM y anTV trial Cures complexion faults. It is skin-health. ! Wrinkles
pot" 0 of nS i^ia Mortez fade before it, leaving the skin as it was in your girl-
creme,. and a; box of hood days. ; 75 -cents. Enough for three months,
face powder FREE. \u25a0'; . - ' . \u25a0 > ' '. • \u25a0 \u25a0- •
JVtRS. NETTIE HrVRRISON,
DERMATALOG 1ST, -
78-80 Geary St. - - - \u25a0 San Francisco
Heavy double woven wire
i ' , . . , . . mattress, steel tempered springs,
\u25a0"Sanitary Mattress; XX •\u25a0 ? >; »Q(y\ . \u25a0 . ;>
• ticking; .v weight .thirty .-. • ,;
': pounds.: ......... -S3.5O . - *J- . —— . :-
/-•'*•.'.':'.'\u25a0 Credit, if you wish it, and free -
•; /---\u25a0\u25a0••\u25a0 .:.-.- : \u25a0 ; •-•..\u25a0 *\u25a0 \u25a0 •--. .-- \u25a0 - --^ \u25a0•;\u25a0•,'\u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;. "".\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0"-\u25a0•. y \u25a0\u25a0
- - 7 fc-^—i-u "^delivery in' Oakland, Alameda
p '•-. //ESvSEH and Berkeley. . We close at 6 ex- •-", \
;¥-Z~~Ej3^ ;; J rcept- on- Saturday. .-. - j.\ ;> ' - if
: x 0h k^S^^^"' 1 irl&I^FURNITURE^Car^^ : ' ,
A ;, White' Enameled' Iron "Bed, V 338-342 POST 8TRBET, - ,
:.\ \u25a0with brass .trimmings,- %- or ., ' , ,- Opposite YUnion Square. "^ , !
:\u25a0;] ydouble;.^idth../.: v .'......ftu.OO .- ,;. ; " V '.,";,';/:.;, .~i.-; , - V \ : -The deeds have been recorded by which
Alfred, Mary and Grace Barstow convey
to Josiah R. Howell twenty- four parcels
of realty in the Potrero. These are the
properties acquired for the Santa Fe, and
are on Nevada, Connecticut, Missouri,
Texas, Mississippi, Indiana and Minnesota
streets and Tenth avenue.
Mrs. C. T. Horn has let the contracts
for the construction of a two-story and
basement building on the north line of
Golden Gate avenue, 37:6 feet west from
Central avenue, the cost of which will be
about J2500. • .
Catherine C. Bannan has contracted for
the construction of a two-story and base
ment frame building, to contain two flats,
to stand on Twenty-fust street, near
Chattanooga, the cost of which will- be
about S4000.
Buildings contracted'for during the last
week have been small as a rule. The list
of contracts as issued is published in The
Call daily. - -. - .
The Architectural Club, recently organ
ized, has adopted a constitution and by
laws.
The German Savings and Loan Society
has loaned to Henry Kahn $40,000 on prop
erty on the south line of Sutter street,
160:5 feet east of Jones street. Upon the
property there will be placed a five-story
and basement structure.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell is still in the fight
and will certainly win this time. Be sure
to vote for him for Mayor by writing his
name with a lead pencil and stamping a
cross after it at head of blank column. \u2666
Iea3ed from J. A. Schmidt for a term of
five years for $510 per month.
The Mission-street extension from the
old St. Mary's College grounds to Ocean
avenue will be bituminized.
"Will Give a Smoker.
San Francisco Lodge No. 2 of the
Knights of the Royal Arch will give a
smoker to its friends in B'nat B'rith Hall
on next. Tuesday night. : -
There's Always Something New
In tints and shapes in our stock of writ^
ing papers. We have just received' some
new shipments that 'are, far prettier and
smarter than have ever "come out" be
fore. The prices are not a bit higher.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. *.
Milton Green Pumphrey, who died
Friday at his home, 702 Laurel avenue,
was one of the best known railway con
ductors in this country. Pumphrey, who
was secretary v of the local branch of the
Order of Railway Conductors and a
member of the Grand Army of the Re
public and Ohio Society, took the .first
train out on the W abash road in 1850.
Twenty-five years ago .he was a con
ductor on the Southern Pacific line, and
in recent years ran trains" over the Wh.te
Pass road from Skaguay. He was 65
years of age and a native of Guernsey
County, Ohio. He will be' buried this
afternoon at 2 o'clock from the head
quarters of the railway conductors at 122
Eddy street.
Was in Charge of the First Train
That Went Out on the
' Wabash.
SECRETARY OF RAILWAY
CONDUCTORS' ORDER DIES
For side rides to points on .the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
and holders of . nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 2-i to
November 10. inclusive. Limit 30 days.
For timetables, descriptive literature and
full information call at Santa Fe offices,
641 Market st., and ferry depot. \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0
Special Bates
The general verdict of the real estate
brokers is that the market for realty is
•satisfactory. They are in a position to
know the facts, and It Is evident that
i-hey look forward with confidence to th«»
immediate future. There is a little pres
ent slackness m sales, although the lists
:!urniEhed by the brokers for publication
indicate that there is a basis for their
•rxpectations, prices being considered, and
also the wide range of the localities in
*A'hich deals arc being made.
• A. M. Speck & Co. report having made
the following sales recently:
Southeast corner of Sautter and Taylor streets
:.o Charles Schleseinscr, the lot being 45:10
;eet on Sutter street and extending 81:S feet Cn
Taylor etreet to llobart alley, upon which
Schlessinger, who paid $40,000, will erect a
iseven-etory brick building; lot 27:6x137:6 on the
north line of Eddy street, 162:6 feet west from
L< aver. worth, for the estate of Thomas Golden
%.» Morris Oser for $15,500. the site to be covered
by a lodging-house to be built early in the
L-umist year; lot 40x57:6 on Lewis street, be
tween Mason and Taylor, for the estate of
liouise Kopp to Levi M. Kellogg for $6100; lot
leet on the north line of Eddy street,
\u25a0•»':th twelve-room residence, 1€2:6 feet west
:rom Lefcvenworth, for the estate of Thomas
«ioiCen to Morris Oser of Chico for $15,500; lot
~6:2x7» feet on the southwest line of Eighth
iitreet, 60 feet from Xatoma, with three-story
brick building containing a Etore and two flats,
::or {6000, the seller being Solon H. Williams
and the buyer Miss Dolores A. Sunol.
Bhalnwald, Buckbc-e & Co. have effected
an exchange ol twe properties upon the
basis of a valuation of $6u,000. The north
«:ast corner of Bush and Powell streets,
owned by F. Syer, was exchanged for
property owned by Douglass S, Watson
on the east line of Beule street, 137:5
feet north from Howard street. The ex
change was .-;ven. The Byer property is
a fifty- vara. Ices CS:9 feet in the rear on
Powell street, and the California Hall
building stands on it, fronting on Bush
street. The Watson property on Beaie
• Mreet is a water lot upon which Harvey
H. Dana erected a three-story brick
building. Both properties are income
paying.
Many Sales Reported.
Sal«s are reported by A..J. Rich & Co..
as follows:
Southeast corner of Van Ness and Pacific
avenues, 27:S>4xI00, for the Lachman Estate
Company to Andrew Hunker for $12,000, to have
three fiats built thereon; northeast corner of
Pacific street and Himmelmann place, 23xS0,
with two fiats, for the Hfprins estate to D.
Balagno lur $2C50; lot 27:^x137:6 on the north
iine of Broadway. S2:6 feet east from Pierce
:-treet, for E. Avery McCarthy to Mrs. Alice
<2ooper Dillon for $1551*; lot and cottage at 411
Ashbury street for Edward M.cAdam to R.
Van Zandt for $4000. -. •
The Von Rhcin Real Estate Company
.r.as sold the following:
Lot on the north line of Ellis street, between
jough and Octavia. 27x137:6, three new flats,
115,000. for W. Wolf to J. Hlrechfeld; lot on
the southwest corner of California and Bu
chanan etreete, 55 on Buchanan by Sl:3 feet on
California, old improvements, $13,000, K. Nor
ton to C. A. Malm: lot on the west line of
Taylor street, 42.6x137:6, with improvements,
for $7230. J. Calegarie to H. Kohler: lot on
west line of Capp street, between Eighteenth
and Nineteenth, 60x122:6, \W750, J. McKee to T.
Brown; lot on the south line of Filbert street,
between Taylor ani Jones, 27:6x137:6, witn two
fiats. MS00. A. H. Taylor to K. Bach; lot on
the north line of Halcht street, east of Scott.
25x110, old improvement, $4800, G. Bcatena to
J. Caselli ; lot on the southeast line of Minna
street, near Tenth, 41:8x80. three fiats, $4000.
C Macdonald to J. Wright; south line of Call- j
fornia etreet, west of Buchanan, 25x137:6, $350<.i,
K. Norton to E. Bax; lot on eouth line of
Uroadway, eaet of Leavenworth etreet, 23x60,
two flats, $£S00, L. Waldeck to C. A. Meuss
3orffer; lot on north line of Union street, east
Of Pierce, 2S:4xlC0, $1400, E. Raschen to R. G.
Carton.
Sol Getz & Bro. have made gales .which
Are reported by them as follows:
l>3t 77x120 feet on the southeast corner of
Ninth evenue and M street, to Mr. Reinke;
let £3x120 feet on the east line of Xinth avenue
113 feet south of J street, for $S0), to Mrs.
Henncssy; lot 25x120 feet on the west line of
Eleventh avenue, near Point Lobos avenue, to
Mr. Skillicorn, Jor J8C0; lot 25xl2O> feet on the
»eat line of Ninth avenue, near J street, to
S. S. Reed; lot 2Sxl20 feet on the east line of
Twelfth avenue, 225 feet north of J street, for
$S00; lot 25x120 feet on the west line of Eighth
ivenue. 250 feet south of H street, for $JO0;
lot 27:6x120 feet on the east line of Xinth ave
nue, liO feet north cf H street, for $SW; four
lota in block 7T6, for SSOO. ;
The following rales are reported bj
Eoardman Brof. & Co.:
Lict on the east line of Second avenue, 230
feet north of Clement street. 2Jxl29, for $800;
lot on the south line of Sacramento street 100
feet east of Webster, 37:£xl32:S>4. $45Ov; lot on
the north line of Waller street, C0:7 feet east
of Fillraore. 2e:llxS7:C, J2300; lot with two
ttory frame store and lodging-house, on.north
r-asterly line of Stanford street, 125 feet north.
wc*t of Tov/nsend. 25x70, $5125; lot and cottage
on the south llr.e of Twenty-eighth street, 209
feet east of Church, lot 25x114. $1100; lot and
Improvements, consirtinjr of three new flats,
3ii the north line of Bush street 43:10 feet
?ast of Taylor. 22:11x100. $17,000; lot and !m
provercent!" on the northeasterly line of First
•rreet, S7:6 feet southeast of Folsom. 50x87:6,
tSSOOL
Country Lands Sold.
TVooster, Whitton & Montgomery of San
.Toce and San Francisco report that they
have sold properties as follows:
Five aerp* at San Martin to John Stone; 4',4
acres at Morpan Hill to Frank Andrade; 17
:icrrs on Dougherty-Randol tract . to F. Rossi
fit San Francisco; 5 acres .at San Martin to
M. J. Partridge; lot :n- Thome tract to It
Ciauson; lot in Morgan Hill to A. L. Enyart;
!0 acres in San Martin colony to R. P. CfcrlB
tain from Gforg^i; 20 acres in San Martin col=
nny to G. St^iner of Guatemala: 30 acres In San
Martin colony to W. A. Spragne of San Fran
cisco; 20 acres in San Martin colony to F. 1«.
Wooster of San Francisco; 10 acres In Ean Mar
tin colony to R. IL G!over ot Denver: 43 acres
on Pearl ranch (with assistance of Joseph H.
Pucker & Co.): 10 acres In San Martin colony
to Captain Korts; 10 acres in San Martin col
ony to L,. D. Wilson; 22 acres In San Martin
rolony to Henry G. Shaw; lZ'i acres in San
Martin colony to Captain Calhoun of Hawaiian
steamer; 15 acres in Sen Martin colony to
Joseph H. Rosenberg of San Francisco.
The following sales have been made by
Healy & Glllesnle:
l<ot 50x115 on the south line of Dorland street
IS3 feet west from Guerrero; lot 20x80 on the
north line of Eldrldge 6treet, 1C0 feet west
frcm Cheeley; lot on the cast line of Masonic
ivcnue. 125 north from McAllister street.
Madison & 3urke have made the fol
lowing sales:
Lot lOOxlWon the northwest corner of Ver
mont and Seventeenth streets. $4000; lot 27x102
.ind residence on the north line of Clay street,
between Buchanan and Webster, to500; stores
ind flats on the southwest corner of Mission
and Twenty-third streets, having a frontefre of
125 on Mission and 85 on Twenty-third, $30,000
let 4ixG0 with old buildings on the northeast
\u25a0rorr.er of Union and Laaruna strf-ets, $5000- lot
23x75 »rith a two-«ory frame building; en' the
:«nuthwest corner of Folsom and Rltcli streets
$8500; lot on the north line of Lombard street!
V-twpen Fillmore and Steiner, 168x273 to Chest
nut street, partly improved, $11,750; lot 28x63
in the north line of Green street, between
Ixav^nworth and Hyde, and a lot 25x120 and
imjirovemwit* on the south line of Pine street.
iK-'wcen Van Ness avenue and Franklin street.
The Jacob H?y man Company has eold
properties as follows:
Boulevard lot fronting: on the ocean beach.
£0x120. for $720; lot and cot tape of four rooms
on Forty-seventh avenue for $630; four-room
house opposite the terminus of the Valencia
street cars for $1650; four lots on outside lands
block 1159 for. $100 each; corner lot In outside
lands block 1146 for $200.
Sol Getz & Bro. report that they have
•purchased several tracts of land near
Golden Gate Park and in Sunset, Ocean
Boulevard and Mission street extension
districts, which they will grade and put on
>iie market at once.
Brokers and Buildings.
Davidson & Leigh are in their new loca
tion at 219 Montgomery street.'
<5. H. UmbBcn & Co. are repairing: their
office on Montgomery street, the building
having: recently been damaged by fire.
Madison & Burke, . in their new location
on Montgomery street, to which they will
remove, will have a frontage of fifty feet,
taking- in what are now two places of busi
ness. There \rtll be a great deal of work
performed in fitting up the new quarters.
% The lower part of the steel frame of the
Mutual Bank building on Market street is
now going up quite rapidly. At the same
tune the' beginnings of the new Flood
The briquette, as most people hav-j
learned, is a compressed cake of coal
screenings bound together by chemically
treated oil. The finished product is clean
and easy to handle, which is primarily a
distinct advantage over coal. The cost of
j the fuel does not exceed that of coal and
the heat efficiency is very much greater,
so that in the long run its expense is
materially less.
One important factor In the success o£
j the briquette is that its use does away
i with the clinkers and with sifting. The
chemists who spent years of labor in the
effort to secure a fuel which would meet
with the approval of the public succeedeJ
in manufacturing a product which is al
most wholly combustible and, consa
quently, there Is but little ash left from
the burning of briquettes. With all thede
advantages it seems only reasoriable to
conclude that the venture will meet with
deserved success.
France, 'Germany, England and other
European countries have been using cer
tain forms of briquettes in their navies
for several years. American ingenuity
has been at work trying to improve on
these fuels. A factory lor the manufac
ture of briquettes was established a:
Chicago some time ago and the one a;
Stockton is the second of its kind in the
United States. The people who are at the
head of the Tesla enterprise resolved to
surpass all predecessors, and accordingly
hired chemical experts, who conducted
exhaustive experiments in briquette mak
ing. An article much superior to any
thing hitherto manufactured was at last
secured and the factory, at Stockton was
built.
The new fuel was first introduced into
the interior towns experimentally, and its
reception was so cordial that the bay
cities were next given the opportunity to
make a test of the invention. Ten car
loads of briquettes caine to Oakland
about a month ago. They were speedily
sold and a demand for more arose a*<
once. Since that time a great quantity
of the product has been brought to this
section and disposed of, everywhere giv
ing the greatest satisfaction. What its
future will be is, of course, decided by
its initial success.
California is ever ready to encourage
those ventures which are bound to put
her forward In the race of the States for
pre-eminence. When her people fully
realize the general advantages derived
from the manufacture of briquettes their
adoption as a fuel is assured everywhere
Briquettes are made from coal reduced
to small particles and combined with oil.
of which there is such an abundance in
this State. The process of manufacture
Is patented from start to finish and the
field for sale is as wide as the continent.
The final and complete success of the
industry is, therefore, a matter of con
siderable importance to the people of the
Pacific Coast.
The principle involved In the successful
manufacture of briquettes is to attain the
greatest caloric power with the least
possible expenditure of combustibles
Coal ordinarily in burning sets free a
larpe proportionate quantity of gas^s
which do not give forth heat. In conse
quence of the imperfect chemical process,
clinkers are formed and numberless bits
of coal are not consumed at all. Scien
tists estimate that about half of the heat
which mlerht be utilized Is thus loM.
This difficulty is to a great extent obvi
ated in the combustion of briquettes. I*
is improbable that chemical research will
ever succeed in saving every particle of
heat in fuels for domestic use, but the
briquette makers have done more towar.1
this pnd than lias been previously ac
complished. Careful combination of the
ingredients prevents any such alarming
waste as that experienced in the burning
of coal. The hydrocarbons or volatilt*
gases sire made to perform their duties
and satisfactory results are secured.
It is thus seen that the new product
which Is rapidly beinsr introduced Into our
homes establishes its success on solid
scientific principles. That the hundreds
v«hf» have alreadv been given the oppor
tunity to avail themselves of the use of
hriouett«»s are agreeably surprised by
their advantasr.s and have nermaiently
pdoptM them for fuel is s'irelv a criterion
for th* future. Any kind of a s*ovp i.»
suitable for the use of hr>qu«»»t<*s. Wfthal.
the invention is a boon to the peonie. of
the State and one destined for gratifvlng
success.
building and of the great hotel to stand
at the northwest corner of Powell and
Geary streets are In evidence, the excava
tions being conducted with vii?or.
A throe-story addition to the car-house
of the Ferries and Cliff House line of the
Market Street .Railway system is under
way. The addition will cost about $20,000.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will hold an auction
of probate and miscellaneous properties
at their rooms at 14 Montgomery street to
morrow. . V;
The store at 7 Kearney street has been
Briquettes were not put upon the Sari
Francisco market until about a month
ago, but their sale has been very great
and the demand for them is constantly
increasing.
The Tesla coal briquette, designed «by
Its Inventors to supersede the ordinary
forms of fuel for domestic use. Is ful
filling: all the predictions that were made
in its favor. Interest in the, new product
among all classes of people Is very In
tense on account of the numerous ad
vantages which It is said to offer.
Mayor Phelan sent a communication to
the Board of Supervisors yesterday , in
which he recommends that 'a bond election
for the construction of. new schoolhouses,
a new hospital and a sewer system be
called in the month of December. His
Honor also ' requests that the Board of
Public . Works be called upon to furnish
plans for the Improvements. The com
munication follows: .'
/ SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 25, 1901.
To the Honorable, the Board of Supervisors
of the City and County of San .Francisco —
Gentlemen: The Board of Supervisors two
years ago declared that the public convenience
and necessity required the construction of new
schoolhouses, a new hospital and an intercept
ing sewer system, and the people at an elec
tion held December 29, 189J, . voted in favor
of issuing bonds for the construction of. these
improvements. Subsequently, the Board of Su
pervisors was restrained from proceeding by a
suit brought in the Superior Court which was
decided pro forma in favor of the validity of
the bonds, but the judgment was reversed in
the Supreme Court. - i •
It Is now necessary, in order to construct
echoolhouses. sewers and- an hospital, to sub
mit the proposition at an election to the peo
ple, which I suggest- should be done some time
in the month of •' December next. As a pre
liminary to this proceeding I recommend your
honorable board, as required by the charter,
to call upon the Board of Public Works to fur
nish plans and sfpecincations for these needed
Improvements. Respectfully submitted,
JAMES D. PHKLAN, Mayor.
Mayor Asks Supervisors to
Submit Propositions in
December.
New Fuel Greatly Reduces
Domestic Heating Ex
penses.
Brokers Report "What They
Have Been Doing
Recently.
Future of the Market Is
Assured by the Late
Deals. •
Construction' of Schools,
Hospital and Sewers
Urged.
Coal Briquettes Rapidly
Winning Popular
Favor.
REALTY BRINGS
GOOD FIGURES
RECOMMENDS
BOND ELECTION
VENTURE MEETS
WITH SUCCESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAl^^SUND^
30
... :.- .- -^jj-rjgEanBKTS. ,_ _
Week Commencing finitiUar 77
This Afternoon, UClUOcr Li
EIuoiiiiA^
AND COMPANY.
"WHITK LILACS."
In "THE BLACK-HAIRED WIDOW." .
TjBiioRoSRT
I "MUSIC MAD."
SxInoeles
NEW SURPRISES.
"ECCENTRIQUE."
iRSciTLElAGlT
\u25a0• JUMPER.
"ToiiiF^EiGiir^
VIOLINIST. UNUSUAL.
.WITH NEW PICTURES.
Parquet, 23c, any seat; Balcony, - 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved. A few-
front Orchestra rows reserved, 50c; front rows
of Balcony, reserved, 25c.
% SEASON
By the Entire Company From the
Metropolitan Opera House,
NEW YORK.
Under the Di ection of Mh. MAURICE GRAU.
BEGINNING MONDAY, NOV. II, and
CONTINUING THREE WEEKS, AT
Brand Opera House
The Repertoire for the first week will include
"LOHENGRIN," "CARMEN." "LA TRAVIA-
TA," "TANNHAUSER," "LES HUGUE-
NOTS," ."FAUST" and "MANON." . ;
The Sale of Subscription Seats Will Commence
; .[. *L . TO-MORROW AT THE •
—GRAND OPERA-HOUSE, AT 9 A. *M.-
' Prices for the Season of 20 Performances:
Orchestra and Dress Circle, front portions... (100
Orchestra, rear rows; Dress Circle, middle .
rows ; go
Dress Circle, rear rows........ 65
Family Circle ; so
Gellery : 35
Coxes, $300 to $10CO, according to size and lo-
cation. *
Applications for Boxes should be immediately
addresstd to MR. ALFRED BOUV1ER, GRAND
OPERA-HOUSE. . '
Sale of Single Seats will begin November «.
Prices |2, $5. ?4. $5 and $7.
WEBER PIANO USED.
PALACE HOTEL; J
j For a quarter of a "century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists atid travelers who have
journeyed from all' parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan. ' -
GRANDHOTEL.""
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS,
Open Dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 3c.
Bathing:, Including; admission. 25c. Children 20c
ON AND AFTER MONDAY, NOV. 4 'l90l"
\u25a0 THE SUTRO BATHS CLOSE AT 6 P. M.
I . - .
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
. Local L.im'd Ovrl'd "Local
Dally • Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a | 9:C0 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a , 11:45 a.- 11:10 p 7;ig D
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p S:C5 a 10:50 d
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalla.... 3:40 p .... 4:4S a
" .Bakrsflld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
'" Kan. City 2:40a 7;30a
" Chicago..:| 2:15 p( 9:00 p
a for mornins. p for afternoon.
•9 a. . m. train ts the California Limited
leaving Monday and Thursday only car-.
ry Ing Palace Sleeping: Cars' and Dlninr
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runa
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class .tick- '
ets are honored on this train. '\u25a0 Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:35 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12-30
p. m. dally. . \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•;
\u25a0 8X0 p.m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace, and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago- also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno
Corresponding train arrives a t 5 :55 n m*
daily.,> :-. . . -• . *,~v
7:S0 aim. is Bakersfield Local, stopplne
at all points In San Joaquln Valley "Corre-
BDondins train arrives at 8:40 a. rn. daily '
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway Oak-
land. . '
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallt* Fwry. - \r-
Commencing \u25a0 sci.iciaoer -j «w>i / >
FROM SAN FHANCXHCO TO MllivAT T »v
AND SAN RAFAEL LLBY
- WEEK DA\S-6:55, 8:30, •3:30 V./Jo .
•1:45. 3:15, 4:15, 5:15, *8:15.- 8:45 d m "•\u25a0
EXTRA TRIPS-For Valley" * nA al "
3 -^^K : &$m- M :*•\u25a0< : V^
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln
.FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN mNnism
WEEK'DAYS-»5:2o. 6:27. 7:41 i ff^
•I m., - n2:2». 2:15, - •3^35. 4:40. . sfso I ii I0:1 *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wed^rf- "
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p m nesdaj ''
i SUNDAYS-6:15; *3:00, \u25a0 »10:00. •«'•« .
•1:40. *3:15, 4:45. »6:3O p. m.- :, . a> m -.
\u25a0•Trains marked (•> start from San Chi<. n »i —
FROM MILL VALLEY, TO SAN FR?S^ii?.X
WEEK DAYS^-o:45, 6:45, 7:55 8:55 lO^KJ i C °*
13:35 \u25a0 2:45, 8:50. 5:10 p.- m. ' 10 - M a -. m -.
• EXTRA -. TRIPS on .Mondays. Wedn»-H.« '
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p .^L*™*^*^
SUNDAYS-8:05. 10:05 a. . m. , 1JV08 \u25a0 s-w - s'J
. . THROUGH TRAINS '
6:55 a. m. week days-Caiadero aiid way-ata
tions. -.:: I: '. .."(\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ;.-'\u25a0 • . \u25a0\u25a0."\u25a0 \u25a0 -, ..
, .1:45 p. m. Saturdays-Duncan Mills and '»«
Stations.,' - - ; :'..-.-\u25a0 ; . - ,. " way
i 8 M a. m. ; Sundays— Duncan .Mills and : way
Sunday ' ton i6^ a *?**?- "? : trains i will 'rurf on
L^ sX QB OB&tfi Kq \u25a0SB Bi KMO^ BB99 B9 BW Hh \iBdar VkI Iheh kS
• - \u25a0 . 9 - -\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0.,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0: \u25a0
/&\u25a0*%? ".*\u25a0;, You Can Bo Cured of '
/ & | NERVOUS DEBILITY
W^^^^^l \u25a0 j and LOST MANHOOD j |
Full 5 Days Treatment
absolutely free
WBS£B$k\ ffl B By Sealed EVlail.
NO C.O. D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
would rid them of th. terrible re.ult of ea, jr follie. Ing to.tand all tL «-x^nf« connS 4ith thl trial
th ?* T \ it^y OT » rw <> r k and worrr that sap to prove ths faitli in itVmeritB.
Th. medicZl pwfe.«lon of thU conntrr wenwd £ POWER OF MCALTHOS". PROVED.
powerles* to cop* with the appalling and disastrous The first &*y you take the treatment you will be
diseases and annoying weaknesses ol men resulting benefited. The second day you will feel an imDrove-
from Tiolitlon of Nature's laws. ' ,-,; ment. The third day you will uoto an iucrease <.f
ft R Jl^ii*^ 0 ? ?)E ' t ? WOKDERFOL DISCOVERY. E^^S&^.^^^^.^S'
"Prof TSii ?lK?Ii th 5 •"\u25a0'""''"\u25a0A anthority. feel Ilk* a new man. .If you Buffer from atir fora!
Into the «u^^V^. C °^ d i Ct f 8 v.?V I ? C i 2 qvlrr , ? f N . crT01^ D , 6cline and Sexuftl «•«*«•*. S&mS?
WeaVnM* S^™5t J* ° £ Ji 0 ?? • vu » I1 1 t^ torrhoet, Varicocole, Inipotency, gm.ill Partd," Nizlit
8nSll Tart. ES f«^ h °i5'.J pllep l 7 ' \u25a0 \u25a0I»!»t"7. Sweats. Palpitation of the Heart, NervouBness, Con-
«^remac?of ff« wondZrf ? t<^ a 5 a^wlS!j£X "iS f UB! ? n of Ideaa - and h ™ ot Memory, you can poB i-
Ihl Von Mohl P^^ 1 - r " m 5 d f.r CAI ' T i H SS' J lTelr cured b^ ** CAWHO8," bit if the di B e« B e
reco^nlef^r th^n™^ JSV' ?' Ohl ?« fe»«JProKre8«ed to the stage njarkinl by the BymptonM
T w^^ PROMPT ACTION IMPORTANT.:
hMiiiI l 5i,3'rt^ > S ? rf7 laUdlei h ? T * be * n restored to 'As you ralue your health, your happinecs. your
health and the ririle powers of perfect manhood. Tery 1 tfe, d» not 4elsy beginnlnc iraatmeat.
THE YOU MOHL CO'S. REMARKABLE OFFER , T . hl ! T 011^ 10 " Comp«ny,ha« tuouBHudu of testimo-
•o^CAtTHo£« 'Thii i. fl n« p y n 'n 11 11 ™* Many w »°t«ke only the firi-days free treatment
detaU* rtwroinK Vonr t»nw. • Vfl ti5 mU i atiD f $? l^J 011 * own t " pst interests, write to the Vo«
£W£*e^^^
Tli^ yon MoMCo., 157 B, pi^o^^^
AMXTSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT.
SECOND AND LAST. WEEK BEGINS
TO-MORROW.
STUART ROBSON
In the Greatest Production Ever Made of
Bronson Howard's Masterpiece,**. '
a THE HENRIETTA"
MR. ROBSON AS BERTIE. THE I^AMB.'
RVTRA? 2 WEEKS
' MONDAY, NOVEMBER 4.
Engagement, of .,
SAX Ail COWELL •
LE MOYNE,
AMERICA'S GRANDEST ACTRESS,
In the Brilliant Historical Play,
THE FIRST chiles
DUCHESS OF M^rR.
IARLBOROCGB I'jjSs^;'
SEAT SALE BEGINS NEXT THURSDAY. *'
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GBiCE, Jirfge; Ji8. T. GEA0E, Slipper.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY - - - October 27
KIGH-CLASS
\u25a0In ait Qi"5i t a
v|/GII DldnJC
.'".of .\u25a0;
SIXTY-FOUR 'NOMINATIONS;
... . i \u25a0 . • • •. : i
ALSO
DECIDING COURSE
: IN THE
.JOHN GRACE..
.CHALLENGE CUP..
TRAIN . SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 18:15 a.
m.; 11 a. m.,' 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-
fifth and '.Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning 'at 4:45 p. '\u25a0 m. and after the last
course. \u25a0• San Mateo electric cars every - four
minutes.' - \u25a0 -' \u25a0 -. \u25a0. .' \u25a0 -
ADMISSION 25 CENTS-LADIES FREE. ',
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OP
''THE MAN fjOJ MEXICO."
Week Starting TO-MORROW (Monday)
• - " EVENING, ', . . ,
WALTER B. PERKINS,
' • — IN— • '.
?MY FRIEND FROM INDIA,"
Another of H. A.'Du Souchet's Clever Comedies.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, '.15c, - 25c, 50c : 75c/
/ Good ; Orchestra Seats All Matinees 23c
\u25a0- .. Branch \u25a0 Ticket . Of flee— Emporium. :> - .[\u25a0'
CHUTES^and 200
SUPERB VAIJDEVILtE BILL I
HARRY liURMON,
- ' In His Sensational 90-foot High Dive \
ThBrsday Night—The Amateurs
LADIES' WOdD^flNGiCONTE^
J Telephone for Seats, Park 23/ . -\u25a0;",' '^. '
, ; . AMUSEMENTS. , ;
• EVENINGS AT S SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY at 2 Sharp! ]
To-Night - - - "LA BOHEME-."
I NEXT WEEK^-LAST OF
GRAND^pPERA
MONDAY, October 28. ,
.GRAND TESTIMONIAL TO DIRECTOR
PAUL ; STEINDORFiY
A Great Programme of Classics.
"Wednesday, Friday, Saturday. Last Times
, This Season of ' • \u25a0
With COLLAMARINI and the Same Splendid
>\u25a0? Cast.
Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday Nights and Sat-
urday Matinee. „- - \u25a0\u25a0 .
* The Magnificent Success,
Greatest Presentation of the Opera Ever Seen
in America!- .
. MONDAY, November 4,
-j -- THE TREMENDOUS NOVELTY!
POLLARD'S JUVENILE OPERA CO.
— — — IN-— — \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
THE BBLLB_of NEW YORK
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c, 75c. '
;••• Telephone Bush 9. ;\u25a0 . , ;,
STARTING T#^l Mli^UT-
with * vj-rNic3i-nr.
THE BIG NEW YORK AND LONDON
SENSATION, '
Siiortin^ I if e '
k/|/\7i &£ii^ JL/11V \u25a0
Unsurpassed in Comedy and Startling Climaxes.
SIX THOROUGHBRED RACEHORSES intro-
duced during the action ot the play.
Next Sunday Night-Jacob Lltt's Everlasting'
"IN OLD KENTUCKY."
. SEATS NOW READY.
REIASC® A"aYgf AiEg y'^.gfVP
MATINEE TO-DAT; 10c 15c, 25c.
TO-NIGHT LAST TIME .' •
THE COTTON KING.
' See the Great i Cotton Mill Scene.
j PR Cfci Evenings../..... ..lCc, 15c,' 2Sc, 33c, 50c
- Beginning TO-MORROW (Monday) EV'G.
Stupendous Production of * the Greatest Spec-
<.- tacular Melodrama Ever Presented ;
THE GREAT
NORTHWEST^
tfj^L «?' tU 87 R T 83 J fc
\u25a0 <«\u25a0•*». » tni/SRira I . rf R\ ) V*vF
Belaaco & Thall, ; Managers. :
MATINEE TO-DAY and TO-NIGHT
THE GIRL INJHE PARRAOKS.
TO-MORROW, 'MONDAY,
/ . A Popular Revival of. -
GARDNER;
,. .J? ret Harte's BeautUul ! Roman.ce, • .
, MATINEES • SATURDAY - and SUNDAY. : :
Seats on Sale Six Days. in Advance. -
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 85c.' 50c and . 75C. • : .
Next— "NANCY AND COMPANY." .
FlSCHER^s: c °^[ir«o^f^ s^
.. GEISSLER •: . HIRSCHHORN TYROLEAN
TROUPE; Symo and: Syma; Cella De Lacy
;The/.La3keys;. Christy, land WilUs;^ Harry
Cooper. and Hinrlchs'- Orchestra. \u25a0-..
'-.-,\u25a0\u25a0 Reserved Seats. 25c Matinee Sunday.: :
CHARLES HOFFMAN,
The : European tenor, 1 formerly .•with ik'me. . Ade-
llna ; Pattl, . will give ( a ; song recital • FRIDAY/
November 1, at 3" p. -m.,- at • Sherman-Clay- a
Music -Hall by yivltatlon.
• : \rCilJT r F 9 mCHS.THAT I
] OUT COMPETITION I
• - -AT THE.. §
! QOLDENGATE !
J CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE I
• . No Disappointment v •
• Goods and Prices Exacty as Advertised 2
1 $20 00. I
® : Ji^ft \SL FINE NAVY BLUE VENETIAN 5
® tr-3&£§3$Q J&&S&Z* TAILOR SUITS, with very latest feather %
© edge velvet revers and cuffs, newest cut, 9
O !\\/n fancy trimmed: skirt lined throughout with 9
a \u25a0 ttf vl II Silk Moreen; real value $27.50; on sale at. ... •
* IT ty " s ' 1 Jaiibr Suits at |
2 M^i^aCJ^ Three different styles — Pure Wool Black Q
2 ''^JHffiwmSf Venetian, new box effect— Pure Wool Black ©
< 2-' -^^vJJPSNHH '-\u25a0'•>£;•• Go'nnff. latest Eton— New Grey Nobby ®
• IP^yOwM Eton Suit. v iacket with velvet collar and satin ©
© S^Wv&ak SpS* 1 lined, skirt latest cut, velvet and satin trim- 2
® m^i'r"^ med; real value on sale at...?10.00
I MUMmJw Aut0 Box Coat s» $10.00 §
© Made of fine Black Kersey, with Peaude #
2 e evcrs - velvet collar and cuff, silk or' ©
O J^^^^»^^^k satin lined, excellent value at $12.50; our price ©
• Novelty Auto Box Coats at ' . £
............^12.50, 915.OO and 92O.OO *
I 600 Skirts, Value $6.50 aid $7.50^ at I
• \u25a0 y 'i \u25a0 \u25a0 -' -. :^r. --.^^ . \u25a0•! - . ,...:- j.
• Fine Black Venetian Satin trimmed. Black and Oxford Golfinjr 0
• 1 Skirts, with 25 rows of tailor stitching, black and navy extra heavy Peb- •
• ble Cheviot, correct 'style, perfect hanging. < Full value $6.5o'and $7oO; •
J on sale at.. . " $5.00 §
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET f
BAIL WAY TRAVEL.
Ail sons
0/ Conveniences
Burlington tourist sleeping-
cars have all sorts ol con-
! veniences — Pintsch gas, toilet
j rooms, marble . -wash-basins,
high-back seats, doable win-
\l dows, a heating range for
\u25a0 making tea and coffee, and
1 tables to -write on or to use at
meal time.
They leave Los Angeles. Mondays and
. Wednesdays; San Francisco. Tuesdays and
' Thursdays — Omaha. .
I I ' Chicago, Kansas City.
- St. Louis— EVERY*
I fnSfflSfSffl WHERE east. f.
t UMI " lt\ II JlWlf I Tickets and berths
J«l}JW?^S »t 631 Market Street
I I Gen'l Agent.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trnina !•»«• nod arc am •» strrlv* *•
MAM rtlAMVINCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Streel) '
X.EATS — FHOM OCTOSSX 6, 1301. — A&XXTS
-iO«a Benldav SuUuu. Elmixa and B*er%-
- -: \u25a0 u.Buto.... •»»\u25a0»»
TiOOa Vac»TlHe. Wlcters, Kumsey 7i33f
-<S»a Martii.ez,Sau lU.i»m. Vallejo. Sipa. .
C»listi>i* aud San u Rosa.'. ' «i23*
8>O«a Davia. Woodland. Knfgnts Lindlnj,
MarjSTllle. Oro»Ule_ 7iS.1p
«\u25a0«»»* Atlantic Kxpresa— Ogdeii and Easts J2ia3r.
*:«m»a NUes, Lathrop, Stockton ?«»F
SsoaiMIes, Mendota, Hanford. \iaalia.
Porterfille 4iO5»
S(8» A Shuta Expresg-DaTis, Williams (tot
• BarUett Spriogsi WlUows. Ert
Blufl. PorUaiidL.. ...., 7«O3»
\u25a0•BOA Sail Jii««j, IJTermore, -8tnckton,
Ii.iie. ,S»oratneiita Placertllle,
M»r»i»lllr, fliic-T. Reiinintr «iS3r
MtSO* Oakdair. Chinese, Sonora, Carters... 4i83p
IIsOUa Hajward. Nileaaud Way Utatious.. * lt.1S\
9:OOA Vallejo I3i23*
i l»«oo a Los Aneeles Erp' ess — Martinez.
Traey, Lathroi>. Stockton, Meroed
Fresno and Los Angles 7:S3?
SiSilA V.llrj... Msrtlues anil Way Station* 7sS3r
IW:um Thn Overland IJinited— Oedsn. l>en-
v .. Ter, Omaha. Chicago •»»»»
tl-.OOpSacraiuPHt<»Klfer»i«»nier9 .%• 13iO»A
3:3»r Hayvrard, Niln and Way HtsUoniL. 7:35?
4i<tor Meiilcia. Winters, SaerameuU^
WomliaiKl. KmIkUU Laudiug.
M»rys»illr. Orurllle IO;32x
4i«op Mavtine/., Hau Uitiiion, Tallejo.
Nn|.». 4;»lliit4)K*. Sitnt* Itoia •»\u25a0»."**
4»0«p Niiea, LWermore. Stockton. Lodl... 1S:».>?
4>»>>f Hayward. iSilex. Mm Jme. Livermore t "*:."»5*
4 i3»p Port Cos ». Tncy. LAtlirop. St nekton 1 <»33a
•iUiirTha Onl l.liuitrd— frrrsuu. Tnlara.
lUkersQcltl, Maiigtu for SauU Bar-
tiara, U'S Angles 8:33*
•:oop Martinez. Antioch, Btockton. Mer- J \u25a0
ced, Fresno l» S a»»
Si39p New Orlvtns Expre«» — Mendota.
Fresno, Lakenine.d, Los Anfielea.
Dt-minj, El Paso, New Orleans
and East:..../. 7>.1Sa
- S3«onp Maywarrl. NUes ami Han Joss •7>5X\
fSlOttr Vallsjn I 1.83*.
VsOtfKlnriental BTall— Og>len. Chejenn©,
Umaha. Obicsco 12:23p
•iOOp Oriental Mail— Ogdeu, Penrer,
Bt Louis. Chicago. 4:23p
7:OOr Oregon aud California Kx|<rnm,fla».
ri.inei.ti.. Marintille. Keilillnie.
r.).tl»i..l. Tngsi ri< >l mill Kask fl:3.iA
' \u25a0\u25a0•3p8an Pablo, Pork r.'nnia. Marlines
and Way Stations 1I>23\
t8t*-*»r Tallajo 7».V»f
COAST IilNE W-ri-iMS 4U» K «).
'• ' - <Kwt ot >Urket Strent.i
iTTTJ N«ntartt,t,Viit«r»lllr,«»n.l<)80, Kclton,
UonlderCreek.Saiita Crux aud Way
HUtloim ...." 5»3Op
t»i I «p Kowarlr, C«nl«r«illn. San Jose, K«w . .
Aluuxleu. Fttlton. Hnnldor Creek.
hmitit Cnu aaitl 1'riDclpal Way
oUtiOnS IO:.1«A
•ItlSp Newark, Hau Jose, Lea Gatos 1Si&»A
<9.3»r Hunter*' Train— Saa Jose »od Way _
fltatiops : :?.a»r
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SIS railCISCO— ?««v of Mtrkn Strset (Slip 8)—
t7:lS 9:00 ll:0O*.U. 1:09 ' 2:49 S:15r.M.
ttomOklUn— r»olifBr«Jw.jr._fH;UO UM t3;05
lO.JOt.M. 12:03 2.CJ «:C9r.H.
COAST IjINK (llroait Mange).
; (Third mid Tottnseml Sts.)
flt I oa San Jose and Wiy Htations. tHlSo?
7:«OA H»ii Jo«i«.ml W»y SUtloiis.^ li: ''" >
/7>««A New Almadfii f*tl9>'
UiOOa Man Jose. Tres linos, HautK Vtm,
: Pacllle (Uut«, Halinss, Ban Loia
Obispo, Santa Barbara and Prin-
cipal intermediate Stations 7>43r
lOtrtOA Ban Jcse and W»y Statioun 4:lOp
1 1 j:I»a Hau Jose »ml Way HUtlon. OtUUP
t3:45r San Mateo. Kedwooil. Menlo Park.
; Palo Alto, 8anU0>an. Sail. lorn.
Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey ami Pacllle Grov« t'"'*'4
Htsnp flan Jom and W»y 8tatlnna. C:.1l»i
t III »r San.Toge mini Principal W»y Stations K;IS»
. t3i<K>r8»n Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations „ t»:OO»
BjtSnpSauJoae and Principal Way Stations 8:36a
•.OOP Eedwo*!. Han Jos», Giliny. fialinas,
• Santa Barbara. Los Angeles 10:03*
rsmopSan Jnaeawl Way Stations t»!«« A
«Ht4.-ip San .Ttum »ml AVay 8taU«»us «;3Op
A for Morning. - P for Afternoon.
tHnnilayexecptei 1 Sunday only. ••.v
\u25a0 « Saturday only. • * J_ Tuesday* and Friday*^
CALIFOHNIA NORTDVESTSH £L Ck
SAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH fftfiiriS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry, p«at st* fiosrtXst CtV
' fan Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, U:0O a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays^Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at l"50
t and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-S:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
Ban Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; U:«.
-.8:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:10. 9:10, U:J0 a. m.: 1:40. "3:40.
5:05. 6:23 p. m.
Leave I. In Effect 1 Arrive
San yranclsco. rApril 23. 1901. { San Francisco.
Week I Sun- | ~ I Sun- I Week
Days. I daya. | Destination. | daya. \ Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 an*
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 8:05 pm 10:25 am
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. \ 7:85 pm 6:20 pru
" . Pulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
'. . \u25a0 Lytton
Geyserviile.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland 10:40 am 10:2» am
3:30 pm 8:00 am and Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am ' io:40 am 10:25 am
- 8:00 am Guemeville. 7:5* pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm . 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami . 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm I 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lyttcn for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for- the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley
John Day*e, Riverside, LJerley*s. Buckneir?!
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg West-
port, Usal. Willlts, LaytonvIHe, Cummin*.
Bell's Springs, Harris, 01sen"3. Dyer Scotia
and Eureka. •
\u25a0i Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicla
building. '\u25a0•\u25a0-.- :
H..C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. • Gen. Pass. Agt.
flOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
\u25a0j Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Iran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
;--. 1:15 r ---.. »-»r ?* , gig l: r*
«i.i^i*™ >s *"' raMton ' tosiiiMihiia<ijuta ".«- 9( ' 1 - - . ; ->DRIED FRUITS,
February,' 6.25c. • Spot Bior-Steady; No, 7 In
voice, 6%c; mild,, steady; Cordova, 7%@llc.
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Fair refining, S 6-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, S 13-lGc. Molasses sugar,
3 U-16c Refined was steady. No. 6, 4.53c; No.
7. 4.45c; No. 8, 4.35c; No. 9, 4.30c: No. 10, 4.25c;
No. li;. 4.20c; No.. 12. 4.20c; No. 18. 4.10c; No.- 14.
4.10c; confectioners' A, 4.90c; mold A, 5.45c;
cut. loaf. 5.60c; crushed, 5.60c; powdered, 5.20c;
granulated,. 5.10c ; cubes, 5.35c. \u25a0 .
BUTTER— Receipts, 3200 , packages; steady.
State dairy, 14@21c; creameries, 15@22%c; June
creamery, 17%i§i21V4c: factory, 12%@15c. \u25a0_ - •\u25a0-, \u25a0
EGGS— Receipts. 6000 packages; firm. I West
ern candled, 21%c; do, -uncandled, 16@21c.
THESAK FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER: 27, 1901.
Chicago Grain Market.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS^
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...... — -, 14 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight...:..:... — . - 4 87%
Sterlln* Cables- ...*.:..;....-.......;' — rj.; * 88%-
New-.York:Exchange,;slght.V.... ,—^ • \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0>}*. '\u25a0
Exchange and Bullion;
. NEW TORK, Oct. 26.— FLOUR— Receipts, 25,
000 barrels; exports, 27,250 barrels; quiet and
about steady; closing unsettled. , Winter' pat
enta, r $3 5r>@3 85; Winter straights^ $3 30@3 40;
Minnesota patents,* $3 60@3 70; winter patents,
$2 00(92 65; Minnesota bakers', $2 90^)3; . winter
low grades,' $2 C0@2 40. "' \u25a0 * .
WHEAT— Receipts, 98,800. bushels; spot, 1 easy.
No.. 2 red, 80%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red,'.77%c
elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,' 78%c f. ,0. *».
afloat; No: 1 hard Duluth, 83%c f. o. b. afloat
Options; had a steady opening, but weakened
Immediately under, profit-taking, lower North
west markets,' fpreign selling: and unsatisfac
tory cables. . May.. 79%@80 3-16o, closed at- 79%c;
October closed at 76%c; December, - 77%@77%c
closed at 77 J /4c . . -,'xv-J- :,— • \u25a0»
- HOPS— Steady. State, common to choice ' 1901
crop, 12@15%c ; 1900 crop, . 9@14c ; Pacific Coast,
1901 crop.V 12@15%c: 1900 crop, 9@14c. \u25a0.-.. .
- HIDES— Firm. Galvcston. 18c;i Texas,: 14%c.
. WOOL— Dull; domestic fleece, 25@26c; Texas
16(^17c. ' '\u25a0 \u25a0 .- _•.'-',\u25a0, .- ...j-^-.. ../;,*.
- COFFEEJ— The market for coffeejfutures open-'
ed quiet and 5 points hicher. Outside buying
and bad crops caused a strong market. The
cloae was steady and net 15 points higher/To
tal-sales were. 28,750 bags, \u25a0 including :, October,
<t:OOc; ,6.10@6.15c; f December,i6.25c;
\u25a0'.\u25a0:.^- 1 '^.' 1 ' - '- ' " '" - - 1 " '\u25a0 i \u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0>-. . * i
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— There was a hesitat
ing. Irregular etock market to-day until the
appearance of the tank statement on the tape.
The unexpected increase in the caeh reserve
cf the barks of $l.E92.900 prompted the bears
to cover their ehort lines and rally the mar
ket genera'.ly to above last night's figures, al
though the net changes generally will be seen
to be Insignificant. There was positive Inde
pendent strength in Missouri Pacific, which
advanced it 2 points ebove last night. There
was no news to explain the movement, and
their eynuiathelic effect upon allied stocks
was slight. People's Gas made a good recov
ery from recent weakness. £t. Paul was actlvt
and fluctuating and received the full benefit of
<*»f late overlnr. Amalgamated Copper was
»?7»vy icrcughiut. with news of the shutting
j''4*n of the company's tr.ines and In the late
rfeVMngs the stock broke V&c under last night,
interrupting the recovery elsewhere and mak
ing the cl jE'.ngr Irregular. The source of : the
teceipt of caeh by the banks Is a mystery,
es known moxtments of money Indicated a
Iocs cf upward of $2.£00,000 for the. week. The
loan Item reflected the continuance of : re
txjrrowing hy debtors who are . paying off for-'
<l«i loans. The -weekly statement of the Eank
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Condition of the Treasury.
. WASHINGTON. Oct. 26.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury '• balances • In the general fund,'
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash,
balances, $.170,420,837; gold, $105,689,743. .
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales High Low Close
Atchison - 7.500 78% 77% 78*
Atchlson pfd ,1.500 9«% 98*4 96%
Baltimore & Ohio -" 5.300 108 105»4 108 -
Baltimore & Ohio pfd 84
Canadian Pacific 900 110%- 110% JMH4
Canada Southern ..:.... 100 83'i iVA *82
Chesapeake & Ohio 300 45% 45U 45%
Chicago &. Alton 400 36»4 36* 36*4
Chicago & Alton pfd.... 100 11% 77Vi , 77
Chicago Ind & Louis... 600 41 40H 40<A
Chicago Ind & Louis pfd 100 72*4 72% 72
Chicago & East Illinois 125
Chicago & Gt Western.. 6.900 23% 25 23%
Chicago & G W A pfd.. 300 89% 89. 88i,i
Chlcaro & G W B pfd.. 600 £0>i 60»4 5<Hi
Chicago & Northwest™ 1.100 211V4 210 210
Chicago Rock Isd & Pac 1,000 143% 143% 143
Chicago Term & Trans .... 20%
Chicago Term & T pfd. 100 37% 87% 37%
C C C & St Louis ." 98
Colorado Southern 1S%
Colorado So 1st pfd 100 51 64 "64 .
Colorado So 2d pfd 24%
Delaware &' Hudson 400 171% 17C% 170
Delaware Lack & West .' 232tf
Denver & Rio Grande... 100 44% 44% 44
Denver & R G pfd.. S1U
Erie 12.900 41Vi 41 '41%
Erie 1st pfd 1.100 6$% (3 69%
Erie 2d pfd....". 100 56 56 ' 55%
Great Northern pfd 600 193% 193 193
Hocking Valley 65%
Hocking Valley pfd • 100 76% 76% 76
Illinois Central 700 H7H 147% 147%
Iowa Central 500 41% 41% 41%
Iowa Central pfd ./..... 78
Lake Erie. & Western.../.: '67
Lake Erie & West pfd/ ..... .... ....' 125
Louisville &. Nashville. 1.800 104% 1C3% 103%
Manhattan L 2.000 119% 119% 119%
Metropolitan Street Ry. 700 1S6% 155% 156%
Mexican Central 700,22% 22- 22%
Mexican National 200 13% 13% 13%
Minneapolis & St Louis. 109%
Mlssurt Pacific 88,180 98 95% 87%'
Missouri Kans & Texas. 100 26% 26% 28
Missouri Kns & Tex pfd 200 - 60% 60 '60%
New Jersey Central 1,600 166% 166% 168 \u25a0>
New York Central 2.600 158% 158 158%
Norfolk & Western.: 200 - M% 66- .66-
Norfolk & Western pfd. .:... .... 89 -
Northern Pacific pfd... - 800 102% 102 102%
Ontario & Western 1.700 34% 33%" 84" \u25a0\u25a0
Pennsylvania 8.800 147% 146% 147%
Reading: .......: S.000 42% 42% 42%
Reading 1st pfd tlOO .77% '77% 77%
Reading 2d pfd 3,200 64%. 63%-. 84
St Louis & San Fran.... \u25a0 600 41% 41 41%
Bt Louis & S F 1st pfd... 100 .77% 77% 76%.
St Louis &S F 2d pfd.. 100 67 .67 ' 66%
gt Louis Southwestern.. ..... .... ;27 >
St L Southwestern pfd. L700 . 87 56%' 56%
St. Paul-.-.. ........'53.800 . 171% - 169% " 170%
Kt Paul ' pf d. :.....'. . ; 800 . 192% ;. lit -it, 192 :\u25a0
Southern Pacific ........' 9,600; 60 63% 60^'
LONDON. Oct. 26.— HOPS— Pacific Coast,
firm; £3 10s® £3 15s. . .
Anaconda, • 7%;- Atchison. 80; do preferred,
99<4c; Canadian Pacific, 11314 ; Denver and Rio
Grande. 45%; do preferred, 94; Northern Pacific
preferred. 106; - Southern Pacific, 61%; Union
Pacific, 104: do preferred, -91%. Bar silver,
steady, 26«fcd per ounce... Money, 2 per cent. \u25a0 .- -
CLOSING.
NEW YORK,. Oct. 26.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was stagnant and
eagsy. American shares' were thoroughly
neglected, dosing dull on fears that the New
York bank statement would be unfavorable.
Some brokers are making deals subject 'to
a rise In the bank rate on Thursday. Gold to
the amount Of £50,000 has gone out to Scandi
navia. . , \u25a0>
London Market:
Deciduous 'and Citrus Fruits.
There was a small shipping; demand for
Grapes for the northern steamer, and receipts
of small packages were not heavy/, but as most
of Friday's stock was carried over the market
was generally slack. | Good sound lots brought
top quotations . readily, . however. Other fruits
stood, about • as 'before. \u25a0- \ Extra fine -wrapped
Winter Nells • Pears bring over the . quotations
in some instances. H -\u25a0
There is nothing new lh'< citrus- fruits.-'- '
Melons are not over active and Watermelons
are-lower. ••\u25a0-. ' ". ' \u25a0'\u25a0',
'.: >: DECIDUOUS FRUITS. , ;
"APPLES— $1@1 25 pel " box for. extra, 50@83c
for 'good to. choice and 25@50c for ordinary.
POMEGRANATES-^50c@$l \u25a0 per : box. k .- -
v PEARS— Winter Nells, $1@1 25 per, box; com
mon, \u25a0 50;g 75c. .. .: •\u25a0'•\u25a0;'. •'-. .
QUINCES— 40@60c per box. \u25a0 , ,
PERSIMMONS— 75c@$l per ,box. . \u25a0 '- \u25a0
STRAWBERRIES— $6@9 per chest for Long
worths and *3@5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— S3@5 per chest.
\u25a0 LOGAN BERRIES— Jo per chest. .
' RASPKERKlES-MdiS per chest. .; • /; ,
-', HUCKLEBERRIES— Per lb. 5@7c. «
"\u25a0'\u25a0 CRANBEKHIE&— Cape Cod, }J 3U per barrel;
Coos Bay. -|2 60 per box. ; ' \u25a0 . • • . .- - - \u25a0; \u25a0
FIGa— Black, 65@85c; White, 85@40c per box.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 50@75c per box; Canta
loupes, 75c@?l 25 per crate; Watermelons, SoiglO
per lOOt - " \u25a0 v . .' \u25a0\u25a0 ' ' \u25a0 - \u25a0 -,.:, ,
GRAPES— Verdels, 25@65c per box and crate;
Tokay, 25@76c: Muscat, 25@65c; : Black. 25@75c ;
Cornichon, 60fl?75c; Wine Grapes, " $25@30 per ton
for ZInfandel and I2O6'25 for. White. * -
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. '^5c@$2 for com
mon. ?3 25@3 73 : for good to choice, . and $4 for
fancy; -new. Navels, $2 50@3 SO; Lemons,. $1@1 25
for common and $2@3 for good to choice; Grape
Fruit II 50@4; Mexican Limes, t6@7; Bananas,'
W 60@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, |4@5,per
uoren.' '.,'-»' '-,'\u25a0\u25a0, '." ~:.'*- "' '".'•'. •-: ;;,' \u25a0'
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
No Improvement , In the, demand Is observed,
either here or in the East. \ Quotations remain
about aa'before.';* : - ;/\u25a0'\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0;:. ; ;" ;
.r'FRUIT&^Aprlcots. 7©8%c for Royals and 85?
13c for standard to : t ancy\ M oorparks ; ' Eva'po
rated Apples, 5%®7c: , sun-dried, 3H@4%c;
Peaches, 6@7Hc; Pears. 4@8c: -Pluma, pitted,
3i4@5c; unpltted, l@2c; • Nectarines,. E@6c.- for
red and 5&@6%o for; white;. Figs, J^S^o. for
black. *- -n--: -"\u25a0\u25a0'., -\u25a0?', :,: a '-.•:-\u25a0 \ \u25a0 \u25a0 '.;'':•
< PRUNES— New ; crop . are • quoted - as - follows :
SO-4O'».v«40*>,4o: -40-60* a,-- 4%@5c; 60-60*8,- 4%<m
4«c; 60-w«Tl^(!M<!: Jt«»'B.-3>4O3%c:-80-90*«. 2%
©3c; 9O-lO0 I 8..:^©3M<W«r lb...-. 1^ -•;<\u25a0•
t RAISINS— (Price r per 5 20-lb 1 box> : ' ' i Clusters-
Imperial. |3:HDshesa,. »2:50; j fancy..: 11 78;i 4-'
crown, |1 60 ; v London -c Lay era— Three-crown, '
Butter closed the week depressed, with large
supplies on hand, though there was no further
decline. Close buyers obtain concession's from
the quotations. * , .
• Cheese is in good supply at unchanged prices.
. Fine ranch Eggs are quoted \u25a0 firm, and some
are bringing 41c in a small way. There is no
scarcity of Eggs, however. \u25a0 1. . *
Receipts were 24,700 pounds of Butter, — —
pounds of Eastern Butter, 463 cases of Egi?s,
cases Eastern Eggs, 24,800 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and pounds Oregon Cheese."
BUTTER— Creamery, 27%@2Sc per lb for
fancy and ,25@27c for seconds; dairy, 18@2oc;
store Butter, ' 15@17c per lb; Creamery' Tub,
22V4c; Pickled Roll. 19(&20c; Keg, 18@19c pee lb.
CHEESE— New. llV4@12c: old. 10V4c; Youns
America. 12%<f?13c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS — Ranch, 3S@50o «nd occasionally 41c
for selected large, 35@37V4C for good to choice
and 32%@34c' for fair; store, 22@25c per dozen;
cold storage, 21@25c; Eastern, 18@24c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. OCTOBER 26. •
Flour, qr sks..... 39,874 1 Onions, sks ...... y>7
"Wheat; ctls .:... 7.36") Wool. . ska 3^,
Karley. ctls :.... 3.840 Hide.*, no 9y)
Oats, ctls 3,310 Pelts, bills ....... 23
\u25a0Beans, ska 11.7W) Lime, bbls gj
Corn, ctls ' * 10 Brandy, gals .... 7,000
Potatoes, sks 3,245! Wine, gals 54,10'!
Bran, ska .'. 1.301 [Leather, rolls ... J7
MlddMngp.-sks ... 29VTaIl<>w. ctla : 204
Shorts, sks 2-i Quicksilver, fisks ' 2f>
Hops. bale3 ; 21S Powder, rar 1
Hay, tons 232 Suzar, ctla 9,147
Broomcorn, bales "Si .
STOCK MARKET.
Business on the Bond \u25a0 Exchange was very
fair for Saturday. Giant Powder was higher
at $83 50@83 and • Hawaiian Commercial . at
$42 50. * There \u25a0 was . some selling Qf Gas and
Electric at $44 75@45. ' Otherwise there was
nothing new. -- • " ! . . - •
I .The oil stocks were quiet and unchanged.
. Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were lC0,r>58 shares, valued at $32,579, the
leading sales being as follows: Bear Flag,
1000 shares; Hanford-Fresno-Kern River, 23C0;
Home.- 1400; Independence, 3500:^ Junction.
1000; Monarch, 6100; \u25a0 Petroleum Center. 62,200;
Reed, 3258; Sterling. 13C0; Sovereign, 1030; Oil
City. 4000; Peerless, 1S10; Occidental, . 1760;
Lion, 8500. ."' \u25a0'.."-• \u25a0
STOCK -AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. SATURQAY, Oct. 26— 12 m.
UNITED STATES. BONDS. .
. * Bid.Ask.i \ : Bid.Ask.
,4s quar coup. .111% — 4s qr c (new). 139 140
4s qaar regr 111%112V4 3s quar coup-.lOiis —
\u25a0MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
BayC P C 5s.l06%107 - Oceanic SS 5s.— IO4»4
Cal-st 53.......118 — Omnibus C 6S.123K — '
C C WRter 5s.lllV4112% Pac Gimp 4s. — IOO
Ed L & P 65, — .,13Ui Pk & C H 68.111 112
Ter & C-lKs.- 122 Pk& O R fs.121 " —
Geary- st- 5s *"..."— — \u25a0 Powll-st P. 6s.' — — \u25a0
H C Sr. Solas,— — Sac E G R 5s. 96 SS^i
DO 5s 99% — ; S F & SJV 5«.122»il23U
Loa Ang R *5s.H7V4US Sierra Oal 6s. — —
LA Licht 6s.l01»4 — / S P or Ariz 6s • "
Do gntd 6s..lC« — (19C9) ;.......113«4 —
Do-rntd Ba.-lOl 103 (1910) ...1UM, —
L A'& P 5s...l01%102 : S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m 5«. — 123. -. (1905), Ser A.107 — ;
Mkt-st Cab «s. - 128Vi . a9O5), Ser B.108 • —
-Do 1 o m Es.122 — > (190«) 109 —
N R of Cal 6s.ll2U113>4 (1912) ....:... 119%119%
-Do 5S-.......-.121H122 S P of Cal 1st
Nor Pao C 6s.l01% — c gntd 5s.... 11114 —
Do 5a ........ — 108 S P BrCal6s.l34 — v
Nor Cal R 5s..U2VJ - S V Water 8S.1HH112 !
Oak Gas 5s..~llH4 T>o 4s .....:..— 104%
Oak * Tran 6s.. 123ft — Do 49. 3d m.102% — '
- Do l«t c 5s.. — . 112V4 Stktn Gaa 6s..lO2'i — .
Dak Wat s 5s. 106 108
• V \u25a0 ', WATER STOCKS. -
1 Contra 'Coata;/ 77% 78 iPort Costa. '.... <3 ' 65 •
Marln County. E8 — \ I Spring Valley. '86% -
•:\u25a0.- ...; .'.'• :GAS AND ELECTRIC. ,
Cent 1. ** P...— 4 Pacinc Light.. 41 —
Equitable i.t."..-' ; 3% 8T» Sacramento .:. 25 35U;
Mutual ........'» '5HSFG & E.... 44H 45Vi
Oakland '..'..'.;." COtS »H4 San Francisco. 4H->5
Fas Gas Imp. — • 42% < Stktn G & E.. 8 —
;.'\u25a0 .. ".. insurance." v '\u25a0 \u25a0•; '~y~
Firem's -Fund. 240 - — >',; • / - - '*\u25a0 \u25a0 -\u25a0 . - \u25a0
...i-'.;'.- \u25a0-,;-. \u25a0; - : '-BANKS; -'. ;: .V-
Anglo-Cal ;..... 77 '79 L P A-A...1...15IH2160 i
California'.*;. -.406- — Mer Ex" (llq>.; 18- — '•
Cal Safe Dep/.1O9 ' — S F National. .130 — ',
First -Natlonl. 312*4 — '\u25a0 - ' " " : --•-\u25a0\u25a0•-"
\u25a0£:, -.,:. :..:\u25a0,: '\u25a0 SAVINGS , BANKS. 1 _" '':;Z''.U \u25a0--.'
German r..... .1900 '— -ISavrft Loan... — \u25a0' 90 \u25a0
Humboldt/....— •—• Security 'Sav;. 275 •— ,
. Mutual, Sav....'. 60, —^ Union ;Trurt..l70O ;W»!
S F Sav. U.... -.525 — • - ; .._. \^'^": : ~' :^ : 't u 1 ,
\u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0>\u25a0 '.' ' . ".': .-•'\u25a0" ;.'•.." \u25a0- '." '
Alameda County.
: Rose and Lawrence Deely to Henry and Mar
tin Schuck. lot on NE corner of Lyon ana Fin*
S^BlSU'th F. Duffey to Her
bert A Gale, lot on E line of Central avenue
(Lott street), 80 N of Waller street. N 50, B
39 s and E to a point 80 N of Waller W 53;
also lot bounded on E side by a straight lln*
drawn "«5S? a point 67 S of Haight street and
23.12 E of Central avenue (Lott street) to a.
point in W line of Waller street, U4.58Eo£
Central avenue, on S by S line of lot aJbov*
described extended E to said first line^ on W
by E boundary line of lot first described, betas
the W line or Buena Vista avenue^ on N by
N boundary line of lot first described extended
E to said first mentioned line, portion of Buena.
Vista avenue or Park road, which adjoins lot
first described on E; $10.
Dalsey E. Fogg, administratrix of the estat»
of Leslie F. Fogg (by O. B^ s * ar " n - com , n^f*
sloner) to William Hlnkel. fc,,*v Una of Shra
der, 60 N Of Beulah. N 25 by W 106:3; $3 a 44.
William and Lizzie Hlnkel to Julia M. Hart
(wife of F. J.). Vx, same; $10.
Estate of John Madden (by Catherine and
Thomas W. Madden, executors) to Walter F.
Axford. lot on W »ne of Treat avenue. 1« M
of Thirty-first street. N 50 by W 122:«; $S60O.
Tessle H. and B. R. Field (by r George M>
H. Patterson, attorney) to John J. and. Mary
Donovan, lot on S line of Twenty-first street.
101:9 E of Sanchez. N 50:11 by S 114: $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Francis J.
CroKhan. lot on N fine of Eighteenth street.
50 Wf Hartford, W 25 by N IOO; $10.
Louise Waldeck (widow) to Conrad A. Meuss
dorffer. lot on S line of Broadway .157 B of
Leavenworth street. E 23 by S 60; $10. _
Michael Flaherty to M. Abrams lot on SE
line of Natoma street, 250. XE of Sixth, NE
25 by SE 75; $10. _
Real Estate and Development Company to
Potrero Nuevo Land Company, lot on NE cor
ner of Vermont and Twentieth (Napa) streets,
E KO. N 4C0. W 100. S 169:6. W 100. S S0:6;
also lot on NE corner of Kansas and Nine
teenth (Butte) streets. N 400. E 2«>. S 250. W
100- S 150 W 100; also lot on NE corner of
Rhode Wand and Butte streets.. N 106:9. NE
Ss-i V S 400. W 200; also lot on SE corner
of Butte and Kansas streets.^ S 300 E 100. S
82% degrees. E 103. N 316:3. W 200; $10.
Callaghan Estate Company (a corporation) to
E B Hallett, lot on W line of Eleventh ave
nue 100 S of U street, S 23 by W 120: $10.
A L. Hill to Jennie F. Hill, lot on S line
of H street, 57:6 E of Ninth avenue. E 25 by
»;wuilanv H-^and Georgina Buckler (by attor
nev) to Fred B. Southworth. lot on N line cC
Lake street 120 E of Fifth avenue, N 125, W
120 S 25. E*70. S IOO. E SO; $10. ~
Louis Levy to George Thlstleton. lot on N
line of Montana street. ISO W of Capital ave
nue W 100 by N 125. lot 9. block U. Railroad
Homestead Association: $100. „„,-„,.
• Lizzie Kavanaugh (Kelly) to Nellie KeUey.
lot 3 block X. Park Lane Tract J; gift.
Alien and Annie C. Howard to Hermann J.
Kleser Intersection NW corner of Old San Jo»e
road (or Camlno Real) and E corner of Ply
mouth (Mareniaro) street. N to S.line of Saga
more E to NW line Old San Jose road «or
Camlno Real), SW to beginning, being' a por
tion of Railroad Homestead Association: $10.
Mary A. Lane (widow) to same, same. Quit
claim ,dee<|: $1.
Masonic Cemetery Association to C. H.
Schussler, . lot In Masonic Cemetery; $63.
Richard N; and Ella V. Clark to North Oak
land Baptist Mission, lot on S line of AMen
avenue. 215 W of West street. W 50 by S 140.
block A Henry's subdivision of Whltcher and
Brockhurst and Roland Tract. Oakland; $10.
J. W. and May E. Phillips to R. S. Leckle.
lot on NW line of Fourth avenue (formerly
Patten' street). IOO NE from where same would
be Intersected by SW line of East Seventeenth
street (formerly Harrison, etc.). NE 100 by Nw
150. block 101. Clinton. • East Oakland: $10l
Grace M. Cassldy (single) to William R»ad.
lot beginning on S line of Stewart street w^era
same intersects right of way of Laundry Farm
Railroad. E 50 by S 234. Brooklyn Township;
$10. - \u25a0
Nora Farrlll to Ellen Goodman (single), lota
31 to. 35. block A. and lota 23 to 2S, block H.
redlvlslon jnap Frultvale Tract, Brooklyn
Township: grant.
W. F Kroll (trustee estates of Felix Mar
cuse and . Julius ' Remind. Individually ami as
partners, " Ma reuse & Remmel. bankrupts 1 tn
Citizens' Building and Loan Association, all
interest In following: Lot 1, block C.- plat
part Fitch Tract.' Subject to mortgage for $1273;
also lot on E Une of Sherman street. 67.31 S o£
Pacific avenue. S 33 by E 107. subject to mort
gage $20<». Alameda; $13.
San Francisco Savings Union to same, lot
on NE oorner of Buena Vista avenue and Jiy
street E S3 N 102.93. "W IS. S 104- SO. belnr lot
1. block C.'olat of part of the Fitch Tract,
Alameda. quitclaim deed: tl. -
Ernest A Keron O>r Mvron T. Holcomb. at
torn-" and Ellrabeth D Heron (wlfe> to Jam»*
•Y-.Eccl^trn. lot on SF." line . of -El Doraco
Ptre«. 100 SW of Hayo Vl«ta avenue. SW .V)
hy SE 1T3. block F. map No. 2. Linda VUta
T'rrace. Oakland: $10. >*. -
J R. and Henrietta M. MacGregor and Amer
ican S»imy Company of N*w York to Harriet
A Weaker lot on N Une of Fifty- fourth street.
457 -B of Park. 'B "5 bv N 100. block B. man
Pawn's Golden Gate Tract: slsn lot on R ll*"
of Webster street. 130 W of Linda avenue. - w
iO;by S- 100. portion-lot 3 maoTNo. .2: G»*>n
Echo Tr-iet^al"" lot on SE corner of TVea't-i
avenue (now Tbtrty-«i*ht!> stree* 1 " : aid ' ffoM
strppt -? W -HW.N 30. -"vV 70. N 13) . YT,^.
nortlo'n blorii r.Tr-«»dway and Tele-r?"*! Avp
nu« Hom^t»ad, subject. to any and all lien-,
Oakland:- $""* . ' - ' ' ,»
.: . Builder's Contract. "
:M. ; S. Pn*ce (owner) with J-- W. Hanabrotirh
(contractor?, archlt^t Oliver Everett— i*ll w«r:?
for a \u25a0 two-itorv : and basement ' fram* ' builllni?
mi W.'Uiw'of D«vi«u»«3ero street, -.75 8 of Tnrk,
S 50 by W<123; $6S0O. ', ' *-.- ?v-,^..
- NEW YORK. Oct. 26.— The' statement of the
associated banks for the week ending to-day
shows:
Loans, $S8.5S9,7C0; increase $3,650,500.
Deposits, $954,496,100; increase $3,382,000.
Circulation,. $31,763,200: increase $388,500. \.
Legal tenders. $7,359,400; increase $592,500.
Specie. $182,942,800: increase $1,000,900.
Reserves, $253,337,200: Increase $1,592,900.
Reserve required, $238,624,015; ; . Increase $J,
345,500. \u25a0• \u25a0 • v.
Surplus. $14,713,175; decrease $752,600.
NEW YORK. Oct. 26.— The Financier says:
It is noteworthy that since September 20 the
sub-treasury has absorbed from, the banks
through the fiscal operations "of the Government
$1<S,276,4CO and moreover these operations last
week resulted in a greater drain froni the
banks than for any week since the above date.
It would seem" likely that the drain will con
tinue important at least for the remainder of
the year. The effect of these withdrawals from
the . treasury by the banks will be ' to some
extent counteracted In the near future by pay
ments for gold received at Pacific Coast points,
of which /gold there is now about $4,500,000 on
deposit awaiting transfer. There appears,
however, to be a prospect for the shipment of
gold to Europe, In order to relieve the mone
tary tension In London end on the Continent,
which shipment may have a decided Influence
on bank reserves tending to absorb the new
supplies of gold noted above. The surplus re
serve is how about $8,000,000 higher than It
was a year, ago and some good judges of the
situation feel convinced that the movement of
money to the West for crop purposes is nearly
ended. With the drain of money -for crop
purposes reduced to a minimum, the only
menace to the surplus reserve will be the. fis
cal operations cf the Government and the
movement of gold to Europe.
Associated Banks' Statement.
"FOULTRY-Llve Turkeys, ' 14@15c : for Gob
blers and 14 f 15c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50
©1 75; Goslings, $1 50@l 75; Ducks, $3<5>3 50 for
old and $3 50<g'4 50 for young: Hens, $3 50@4 50;
young Roosters. $3 aOW4 50; old Roosters. S3 50ft?
4; Fryers, $3 60; Broilers, $3 25@3 50 for large
and $2@3 25 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per
dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1; Rab
bits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush ;
Mallard, $4@5; Canvasback, $4@5:--«' Sprig.
$2#S: Teal. $1 50W2; Widgeon. $1 50@2-^ Small
Ducks, $1 50; Black Jacks, ;
.Snipe. ?2(B~2 50: Jack Snipe. $1 50; Gray Geese.
$3@3 50; White Geese, 73c@$l per dozen.
Poultry . closed the week dull and In liberal
supply. Receipts during the week were large:
A car of Eastern is announced for to-morrow.
Previous conditions rule* In the Game mar
ket The weather continues warm and close
and most of the arrivals are far from tresh.
Only sound stock is quoted. Arrivals were 75
sacks. *.,'•\u25a0 -
Poultry and Game.
LIVERPOOL. •
Wheat— Dec' March.
Opening . 5 9U B 10\
Closing 5 9U 5 10%
r- PARIS. •-. \u25a0- \u25a0 -'. ' •-.•- \u25a0
Wheat— '\u25a0. '•\u25a0!' ::. '\u25a0 \u25a0• - Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening .......... ... . .. . .... ... 20 75 " • 21 85 \u25a0' :
Closing '...:. 20 70 . '21,80 -
Flour— -. \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0' " \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0' .-\u25a0 i • \u25a0 ;
Opening ~ . . . . . .;. . . . . .". .26 70 27 80
Closing 26 55 27 75
Eastern Livestock Market.
\u25a0 \ / - -
CHICAGO. Oct. 26.— CATTLE— Receipts. 300;
steady and nominal; good to prime steers,
$6 25@6 80; poor to medium,' $3 75@5 90;. gtock
ers and feeders. $2 25@4 25; cows. $1 25@4 63;
heifers, $2 25® 4 20; canners. ' $1 25@2 25; bull's,
$1 73«?4 E0;, calves.- $3@8; Texas-fed steers, $2 75
@3 75: Western steers, $3 60(Et4 .V);
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 15.000; market '5c
lower: mixed and butchers. $3 90*S8 45; heavy.
S6 05(ff6 45; rough heavy. $5 50rt?5 90; light. $5 40
@6 15: bulk of sales, $5 90(36 20. .
SHEEP— Receipts. 2Q0O; sheep, steady; lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, $3 40(!J3 75: fair
to choice, $2 85*S3 40: Western sheep. $3@3 40;
native lambs, $2 50@4 75; Western lambs, $2 25
@4 40.
ST.' JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Oct. 26.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 445; steady.
HOGS— Receipts. \u25a0 3723: steady to 5c lower:
piirs. steady; light and light mixed. $3 83<5>
6 12 1 /.: medium and heavy, $6^6 15; pigs, $4 59
@6- bulk. $5 95©6 05.; . ., . •
- SHEEP— None.- \u25a0\u25a0.. s ' . ...
New York Metal Market.
NEW. YORK, Oct. 28.— Trading in the mar
ket for metals ; was of the usual half-holiday
order. No news was received from London.
TIN— Dull at. $24 8O@24 85.
LEAD— Dull. $4 37%. , ,
. SPELTER— Dull, $4 37&
COPPER— Unchanged at 16%@17c for Make
and leWlSie'Hc for casting.
Iron Was dull at $9 50010 50 for pigtron war
rants; No. 1 Northern foundry, - $15(ftl6; No. 2
Southern foundry, $14@15: No. 1 Southern foun
dry. $14 50@15 50; No. 1 Southern foundry, soft.
$14 50@16. , ; \u25a0 . .,..
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK, Oct 26.— The Imports. of specie
this week were $87,682 gold and $97,888 Bilver.
The exports of specie from this port to all
countries for the week aggregated »G06,245 sil
ver and $15,000 gold. \u25a0 ..
The imports of dry goods and merchandise
at the \u25a0 port of New York for the week are
valued at $11,687,541.. -. \
New York Cotton 'Market -•' '.
NEW YORK, Oct 26.— The cotton market
closed steady, 4@6 points higher. .".
Portland's Business. ,
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 26.— Clearings, $345,
743; balances, $60,373.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. i"
PORTLAND. Oct. ' 28.T-WHEAT-Steady. with
55@55%c for Walla Walla, E6^c for blue
stem and 55@56c for valley. . " ' v. . -. •
Cleared— Austrian • steamship Aristea \u25a0 for 9 St.
Vincent with 168.556 bushels wheat; British
ship County of Kinross for Queenstown with
88,840 bushels wheat; British steamship Indra
velll for Hongkong and way ports with 47,032
barrels of flour. •-,-.> J " \u25a0 ' . ' i- v . ' \u25a0 ••;. •.
Total shipments for- the week ending to-day
are 621,589 \u25a0: bushels wheat. \ 73,340: barrels \u25a0 of
flour and 210,000 bushels .of barley.
\u25a0 WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. ! 26.— WHEAT— lc higher; blue
stem. 66V4c; club, 65^c. .' : . •. ".' . .
Foreign Markets. .
LONDON,;Oct 26.— ConsplB, 82U'; sllTir, MHd;
French rentes, 100f 30c;; cargoes i on /-passage,
rather firmer; English country markets, steady;
• Indian shipments wheat - to United Kingdom.
'13,000; Indian shipment* wheat ; to .^Continent, -
LIVERPOOL^ Oct. 26.— Wheat, firm"; -No. 1
standard California, BslO%d«^5a lid; wheat in
Paris, quiet; ..-flour. ln« Paris, - steady; .* French
country, markets, ; quiet; : weather ' In' England,"
COTTON— Uplands. 4 21-32d.
BEAL ESTATE TBANSACO^ONS.
POTATOES — 55@80c In sacks for Burbanks
from, the river; Salinas • Burbanks, *$1@1 30:
Oregon Burbanks, $1@1 10; River Reds, $150®
1 60; Sweets, 35@40c for Rivers and 75@S3c for
Merced _ .-'.-' ._\u25a0-.\u25a0_ -..--• ..--^ »-.-
ONIONS— $1 20@l 35 per ctl; Fickle Onions. 60
@75c per ctl. , ,. \u25a0' • '•\u25a0
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. l@3c for Garden:
String Beans. Ui@2c; Llmas, l%@2c; Cabbage,
60©75c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Alameda, 20@
SOc; Dried Peppers, 10@12%c; Green Okra, 30®
Me per box; Carrots. 25@35c per sack; Cucum
bers, SOtff 40c; Pickles, £H@3c per lb for small
and Kgl'/ie for large: Garlic, l%<S>2\ic; Green
Peppers, 50<&60c per 'box for Chile and 50@60c
for Bell: Egg Plant, 40@50c per box; Green
Corn, from Berkeley, 50@75c: " Summer Squash.
65©75c; Marrowfat Squash. $6@-8 per ton; Hub
bard Squash. $20. . — .
Tomatoes and Green Okra continue dull un
der excessive supplies. Other Vegetables remain
about the same. - ; -. .
No further change in Potatoes and Onions is
noted. , • *
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
COAI. OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk
12%c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral, 20c; Star
20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene. 22c
deodorized atove I Gasoline. In bulk. 15c: in
cases. 21'/6c; Benzine. In bulk. I4c; in cases,
20^jc; SG-degrse Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases,
26£c. . . - . ' \u25a0
TURPENTINE— 58V4c per Ballon In cases ana
62c in drums and iron barrels,
i SUGAR— The Western Sucar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 10O-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90c; Pow
dered, 4.75c; Candy ; Granulated, 4.75c; Dry
Granulated, 4.63c; Confectioners' A, 4.65c; Fruit
Granulated. 4.65c: Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only),- 4.45c; Magnolia A, 4.25c; Extra" C. 4.15c;
Golden C, 4.05c; D, 3.95c: barrels, - 10c more;
half- barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 -barrels, or H* equivalent. Domlnoa, half
barrels, 5.1Sc: boxes, 5.40c \u25a0 per lb. No orders
far Granulated- will be taken that consist of
more than' £0 per. cent of Beet Sugar. .
RICE— China. No. 2, $4 15@4 20; No. 1, $4 70®
4 90; extra, J5 10@5 50; Japanese, 1G 25@6; Louisi
ana, $4 25<gti 75; Hawaiian, nominal.
OILjS— California Castor Oil, In cases. No 1 '
70c; pure. *1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels boiled
74c; raw, 72c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw -in barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels. S5c; cases, 90c;
China Nut. 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
in barrels, <0c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure 65c-
Whale Oil, natural white, 40@45c per gallon -
Fish Oil, barrels, 37itc; cases, 42Hc: Cocoanut
Oil. barrels, 63Hc for Ceylon and 58V4c for Aus
tralian. " 1
COAL- Wellington, |9 per ton; Southfield
Wellington, JJ; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 BO; Wallsend. W; Co-operative Wallsend,
$^;' Cumberland, $12 50- in bulk and . $13 75 in
tkeks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. 115; Can
n'el, HI" per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$W In sacks; Rocky Mountain description^. »S 43
per. 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to
brand. \u25a0 . - •.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c;. local
make. He less than Calcuttas: Wool Bags, 32
@35c; Fleece Twine, 7H@Sc; Fruit Bags. 5%©
6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for jute.
General Merchandise.
Foreign, Futures.
\u25a0Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, firm; winter patents. - S3 -10f?)3 50;
straights, $2 90«?3 30; clears, $2 60@3 10; spring
specials. $404 40;. patents, $3 25<!?3 60; straights
$2 7003 10; No. 3 spring, 69%@70»4c; No 2 red
71%@72?ic: No. 2 yellow corn. 57V4c: No. 2 oats,
37<g>37fccr No. 2 white. 39®39Hc; No. 3 white,
3S 1 /4@39 t «c: No. 2 rye. 55Hc; fair to choice malt
ing. S4W5Sc: No. 1 Northwestern flaxseed, $1 o2;
prime tlmothv seed, $5 f!3<g5 75; mess pork, pf r
barrel. $13 75<S13 S*): lard, per 100 pounds $8 35
<7?9; short ribs sides <loo'p).-$S'a i 8 23; dry salted
Fhoulders (boxed). 7^ff7%ic; short clear sides
(boxed). $8 75®8 85; ' whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 30; clover, contract grade, $8 15.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15,000 13.000
Wheat, bushels ...............158.000 183.000
Corn, bushels -..lSfl.OOO 1P7.000
Oats, bushels 229.01V) 373,000
Rye. bushels ' 54.000 ,
Barley, bushels 63.000 35,000
. On the Pro4uc« Exchange -to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries.' J 4^21 14c; Dai
ries. 13if?19c. Cheese, easy, 9%@10Hc Eggs.
• fresh. 18%<§>19c.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $3<g3 15; » Yellow
Mustard. $3 2o@3 40; Flax, $2 65<g3 25; Canary,
3U@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah. 8%c;
Rape. 1%@1%c; Hemp. 3>4c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. Jl 90@2; Green. *1 73
@2 25 per ctl. - , _ .
Lima Beans are firmer, "as the rains have
done some damage to the unthreshed crop down
south. Blackeye are also quoted firm, but the
other descriptions are weak as a rule. Pinks
are lower. Receipts of all kinds were 11,760
sacks. * '. .
BEANS— Bayos, J2.10@2 30; Small White, $3®
3 25; Large White. *2@2 40; Pea, »2 50@4; Pink,
$1 85@2 25; Red, $3: Blackeye, ?3 25@3 40; Llmas,
$4 64<S4 85; Red Kidneys, J3@3 75 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds,
Hogs continue to arrive freely, and there ar»
now some arrivals- from Oregon. The market
shows no weakness, however. Other meats re
main as before.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: . \u25a0 .
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@5%c per lb
for Cows. , - •
VEAL— Large. 7%©S%c; small. S®3c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6ft@7c; Ewes. 6@6V4c per
pound.
LAMB— 7@8c per lb. .. - " - •
PORK— Live Hogs, 230 lbs and under. 6c; over
230 lbs. 5%@5Tgc; feeders. ; sows. 20 per
cent off; boars. 3d per cent off. and stags. 4>
per cent off from the above quotations- dressed
Hogs. 7%@9c \u25a0
San. Francisco Meat. Market.
PRODUOERS' OIL EXCHANQBw
Mftrolng Session.
Board— ' •
MOBear Flag , ™
1 Hanford. b 30 1M w
100 Home f *>
200 Peerless, b 90..... £ \ ]n
J0O Peerless * 3s' a
5000 Petroleum Center » «
8000 Petroleum Center, b 60 »?
90 Thl«y-Three •••* « 2°
Street — . „
80 Homa « • w
MINING STOCKS.
Following were- the sales in the I San Fran.
Cisco Stock asd Exchange Board yesterday.
. Moraine Session.
100 Challenge 21 500 Occidental 09
200 Con Cal * Va.1 85 6C0 Ophtr W
300 Crown Point... 07 200 Potosl 1
100 Gould & Curry. M 800 Savage ......... 13
J0O Hale & Norcrs. 19 400 Sierra Nevada- 13
300 Mexican -,. 23
Following were the sales in ths Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday^
Morntn£ Session.
300 Andes «6] 400 Crown Point.... JJ
300 Best & Belcher ff 200 Mexican 22
5COBest & Belcher 14 1 200 Mexican ....... 21
SOOChollar Wi 200 Ophlr 86
IOO C C & Va....l82Vi 800 Potosl 13
500 C C &. Va 1 80! 200_Potosi U
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. SATURDAY. Oct. 28—12 m.
Bld.Ask. B1( 5; AB £,
Alpha 01 02 Justice^. 01 03
And»s *""*."".".'. 04 05 L^d/ WashV.T.1 01 -
Belcher 08 Vi Mexican 13 20
list & Belcher 15 jJOejfti OS W
SSK&ssse S. g g
Con Imperial... - , 01 S erra £*"*&*' » «
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hal 31 *»
Crown Point.... 06 07 St Lpata , S ,
Eureka Con.... 14 -Standard 3 80 S 9»
Eiclwiuer - 02 Syndicate -.... — 07
Goufd & Curry. 13 14 Union Con W M
?u a j\l & < ?°. r . C .! S : H S Ye?l h ow"iac^t" S £
Receipts of Hay were light and the market
~was steady' at previous prices. Bran and Mid
dlings were quoted easy, but there was no de»
cllne. _ . \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0••
BRAN— $19@20 per ton.
MIDDLINUb— $i0 50(tf2J/5O per ton. .
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, }1«@17 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. J27@2S; Jobbing. $28 50
@29; Cocoanut Cake. $20®21; Corn Meal,\ |33@
34; Cracked Corn, $33 50@34 50; Mixed Feed, Sis
®19. • . - '-
HAY— Wheat, $9© 12; fancy, *12 50; Wheat
and Oat, ?S 60(S.ll 50; Oat. JSlgplO; Barley and
Oat, f7@9; Aimila, $8© 10 50; Clover, *o5&tf<;
Volunteei, $5@8; Stock, J5@7 per ton.
STRAW-30S45C per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bank Clearings.
The local bank clearings during the past
week were $25,4c8.796, against $29,366,361 during
the same neek last year.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mall advices from New York say:
"The wMk doted with no further develop
ments of Importance in the coast raisin mar
ket and the eituation 1b somewhat better than
It has been in many weeks. The local and
nearby trade bought new seeded at 6%c and
6%c t. o. Ss. coast fairly well and there, was
moderate buying also of Sultanas. London
layers and looee Muscatels, some further busi
• ress In all varieties being reported Saturday.
x^ jooe* raisins are more plentiful and lower on
,^ihe epot, a number of cars coming to hand
curing the week. New 3-crown were offered
Saturday lit 6%c. Seeded continue in active
demand sad the epot from 7%@7«ic. New
Malagas are having some call and layer Valen
cias are going out iairly well. Imported Sul
tanas are yuiet. The Smyrna market is re
ported firm. *
"Currants continue In very good demand
from the consuming trade, the lower pilces
and the fine quality of the goods proving very
r.ttractive. The market closed with holders
generally .-u-kirg 6%c for AmaJlas In barrels,
but probably this price could be shaded. Figs
vere steady, with some call for very fancy.
Cables late In the week quoted the Smyrna
market sbrnit Is 6d hisher.
•"As the time for the arrival of the first new
Persian dates draws n^ar. interest Increases
perceptibly. Three steamers are due with
oates within a short time, two bringing about
l ri 0.0C0 boxes each and the other about £0,000
boxes. The latter quantity, according to the
importer, is coming per Perugia, which it is
eald will arrive between October 31 and No
vember 4, and it is stated will be sold at auc
tion. The two large cargoes, per Tabarlrtan
end Gorgiftan. are coming to a large Importer,
who states that the former vessel should ar
rive by the middle of the present week. The
Perugia's cargo was transshipped via Naples.
"Evaporited apples are in moderate demand
en the spot, new crop Xew York State prime
j-elling from 95f9'<ic; choice, 9%<£9%c and
fancy, 10<S10%c. Strictly prime stock is scarce.
Western apples are coming In quite freely, but,
although quality shows some Improvement,
most of the receipts are still smoky and goods,
s»ll slowly from 7®*<\ Raspberries are firm'
end in ecod demand."
T" '. _, . JVcather Report. •
<12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 26-5 p. m.
Th* following are the seasonal rainfalls to
iat<?. e« compared with those of came date
lut scona, and rainfall in last twenty-four
beers:
Lert This Last
Stations— 14 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.C4 4.35 5.42
K«?d B>aff 0.18 2.14 3.0j
0.14 0.70 l.CJ
Pan Francisco "... 0.09 0.92 1.43
Fresno 0.08 0.67 0.44
Independence 0.14 0.91 0.84
Pan Luis Obispo... 1.46 1.76 1.93
]yo« Ane-elee 1.74 .1.86 0.26
Pan EHego 0.06 0.12 0.30
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
€S: minimum. 60; mean, 64.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 48-3i>|Oniaha 71-54
Cincinnati 6I-3S | Duluth 70-16
Washington 56-32 i Salt Lake Clty....6S-E0
Jacksonville 82-64 i Chicago 5S-M
New York 52-40JSt. Louis 76-50
Kansas City 78-54] Philadelphia 52-40
THE COAST RECORD.
5 .s.s 0 » 5
6TATION. 3 ?3?3 g.2 £0 ' S
• i Ie 3 i § V E
: • : : • s
Baker 29.78 6S 48 SB Cloudy ioo
Astoria 29.70 60 56 SE Rain .C2
y 29.86 60 41 W Cloudy T.
f -urtka 29.78 60 XA 6W Rain .38
. Tresno 28.84 C8 68 S Cloudy .06
\ J-^gEtaff 30.06 €6 40 SW Clear .00
Pocateilo. Idaho.. .29.84 64 4« SE Clear -CO
Independence 23.S4 58 £0 S Pt Cldy .01
Lo* Angeh* 29.9C 66 58 SW Rain .OT
Phoenix 29.86 «« 60 XW Clear .03
Portland 23.70 66 66 FE Cloudy" T.
Re-1 Bluff 29.80 6« 54 N Rain J8
Roeeburg. 29.70 08 56 SW Rain . , T.
fcacramento 29. 7S 72 €2 8 Rain .12
f-elt Lake 29.94 60 50 SE Cloudy T.
StnFrancoco 29.76 68 60 SW Cloudy .06
San Luis Obispo.. .29. S>0 66 5S S Rain .40
San Diego r?.86 €8 62 SW Cloudy .06
Seattle 25.70 68 62 SE Cloudy ' T.
Spokane 29.76 70 4S N Cloudy .00
NeahBay 29.66 M 48 SE Cloudy .04
Walla Wa Ja 28.70 70 48 SE Pt Cldy .00
Winnemucea 29. S2 60 46 SE Cloudy T.
Yuma 29.86 82 62 W CTear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm has moved slowly northward along
the coast and now overlies Washington and
Northern Oregon. Rain is falling at the hour
of observation at nearly every station in Cali
fornia, Oregon and Western Washington.
Showers more or less heavy have occurred over
the entire country west of the Rocky Moun
tains, except Arizona- Very heavy rainfalls
are reported at Los Angeles and Ban Lulb
Obispo, l.<4 Inches being reported at Los An
geles and l.« at San Luis Oblepo. Thunder
storms are reported In Nevada and Utah.
The tem;>erature has fallen about 10 degree*
In the Sax. Joaquin and Sacramento valleys.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thlrtr
hours ending midnight October 27:
Northern California— Cloudy unsettled weath
er, probably showers Sunday; freeh southerly
winds.
Southern California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Sunday, probably showers; light southerly
Vrinds.
— 4 .Vevada— Showers Sunday, possibly thunder-
Utorme; cooler; brisk to high southerly winds.
San Frar Cisco and vicinity— Cloudy unsettled
weather .Sunday, probably showers; fresh
southerly winds changing to westerly.
• ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
•Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2— •. . : •. .
October \u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0.:.. .... -70%
December.... 71% * 71% : 71% - 71%
May 75 - - 75 • ,; ! 74* 75
Corn No. 2— \u25a0 . \
October 537/
December 56% 57 56% 57
M OatsNoV2^"'-' -"* M * - 58?i m
October , 35% 36% S5% 36
May.... 38% 3S% 38 , 38%
December.'. \u25a0' 36% 36% 36 \u25a0 36%
'Mess Pork; per. barrel-
January .'...15 07% 15 12% 15 07% 15 12%
May 15 13 13 20 15 12% 15 20
Lard, per 100 pounds— 1 -\u25a0:-.. :
October 8 97% 8 97% 8 97% 8 97'4
November 8 95 8 97% 8 95 8 97^4
January 8 90 8 90 8 83 8 90 "
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October 8 35
January- 7 82% 7 82% 7 80 7 S2U
May ...<...». 7 92% 7 92% 7,90 7 92%
The Economiste Francais estimates that the
shrinkage in valuation of Russian enterprises
in two years is »iot le»s than 60 per cent,
which would represent' losses to French in
vestors and speculators of $200,000,000. The
long process of liquidation in Germany also
continues, following the collapse from specu
lative inflation. The maturity of obligation at
the year's end in those two countries and
Great Britain's continued necessities for the
conduct of military affairs In South Africa
Indicate a strained period at that time, which
Is likely to be reflected over the whole finan
cial world. As to Immediate money conditions
in New York, lh» Government surplus is mak
ing renewed demands upon the market, now
that Government bond redemptions have
ceased, the receipt of over $2,000,000 Australian
pold this week havins failed to offset this
drain. •
Railroad bonds have been in improved de
mand at advancing- prices.
United States refunding 2s declined % and
old 4s % per cent. The 3s advanced % above
last week's . closing call. - .
The movement was Initiated In the Chicago
and Northwestern stocks, shifting thence into
the Vanderbilts generally, then Into St. Paul,
Union and Southern Pacific and then into. the
coalers. The industrials \u25a0 and specialties have
moved independently,, as is usual in periods of
irregularity in the general market. A notable
feature of the market was the evident pre
dominating professional character of the opera
tions. Commission houses which upually
opeiate on orders from the general speculative
public have been conspicuously In the back
ground during the week. Brokerage houses
usually employed by the great financial inter
ests In the street have executed large orders
on both sides of the market, leaving' the un
informed public confused as to whether those
interests are committed to the long or ebort
side of the market.
Doubt and uncertainty. In fact, are still the
prevailing sentiment in speculative circles.
Some of the buying has been attributed to
progress toward a settlement of the Northern
Pacific controversy. If insiders have bought
stocks for that reason it is on information of
which the public is kept in ignorance. The
actual developments show a condition of that
controversy so far from settlement as to prom
ise a prolonged period of - negotiation, even
with the best Intentions for final peace of
the parties In interest. That negotiations are
In actual progress it- clear, but it is also clear
that these negotiations are now first under
taken on a subject which Wall street assumed
was definitely settled when Mr. Morgan an
nounced the members he had chosen to balance
the Northern Pacific board of directors. The
various statements given out on authority of
President Hill of the Great Northern and of
the Harriman-Kuhn-Loeb interests clearly
show divergent views and the holding to them
with determination. As contrasted with Mr.
Morgan's expressed conviction that the North
ern Pacific board contains within Itself all the
elements to assure a settlement fair and satis
factory to all interests, comes President Hill's
suggestive assertion that Great Northern, as
Joint guarantor of the Burlington purchase
bonds, is to be a factor in the settlement as
well as the contending Interests among the
actual stockholders- in Northern Pacific Uf-elf.
The Hill interests have insisted upon their
contention that Northern Pacific preferred is
to be retired in accordance with the power
vested in the company under the reorganiza
tion plan. The effect of this would be to oust
the Harrlman-Kuhn-Loeb interests from their
control, which is through preferred stock hold
ings, and leave the Morgan-Hill majority of
the common stock in control of the company.
The Union Pacific party is equally insistent
that their control of th» disputed property is
not to be relinquished. " The recent buying of
Northern Pacific preferred is supposed to be
by this party. It is admitted that numerous
legal and technical obstacles exist to the ad-
Iuf-tment of ownership of a railroad company
by competing on parallel lines. In Its bare
outlines it eeems clear, therefore, that many
difficulties still exist in this puzzling problem.
Until they are definitely, cleared up a depress
ing factor will overhang the stock market. Im
portance is attached to the money disturbance
In foreign markets, as bearing on the large
foreign credits which have been us*d to carry
the large holdings of Northern Pacific ever
since the lockup in May. Repayments of these
credits have continued to sustain the foreign
exchange market this week, as for some time
past. The course of the loan account of New
York banks show that this burden 1r shifted
upon domestic credit Institutions, waiting upon
the Northern Pacific settlement for relief. The
usual fall Inflow of gold to this country Is
thereby Interrupted, except as the Australian
remittances can be substituted. The cal'ilng
home of French cf edits seems to be for . the
purpose of meeting heavy losses incurred by
French capital by over-investment in Russian
industrials. .
After falling into a lethargic condition early
in the week, the stock market developed a de
gree of activity and strength later. The buy
ing, which was responsible for this advance,
was large and concentrated in its source and
congested in a few stocks, shifting from day
to day from one group to another.
ol Germany shows a recuperation in cash re
sources of over $12,000,000. with a reduction of
loans and contraction of note issues of about
equal amounts, but sterling exchange declined
in Berlin again to-day, indicating continued
pressure, of gold there. There remains some
requirements to be filled at New York for re
mittances to London on account of subscrip
tions to the issue of consols, an Installment on
which is due November 7. The question of
gold exports from New York next week is,
therefore an open one.
Quotations for all descriptions remain un
changed. Hides are firm, Wool steady and
Hops quiet and easy.
. HIDES AND SKINS— Culla and brands mil
about l%c under quotations. . Heavy salted
Steers, ; lie; medium, 10c; light, »c; Cow Hides,
»%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c; Salted
Kip, 9%c : Salted Veal, 10c; Salted Calf, io,a
lfl%c; Dry Hides. 16@16%c; Culls, 14@l5c; Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 18@19c; Culls ana Brands
16(&>17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each:
short Wool, 40@60c each; medium, 50©75e; long
Wool, S0c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides* salt, $2 50
©2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium, $1 7a
for small and 50c tor Colts; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for medium, $1 25 for
Email and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or
red skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; win
ter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35a
TALLOW— Refined. 6%c; No. 1 rendered. 5@
6V4c per lb; No. 2, 4@l%c; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine, 14jj
15c; do, medium and coarse, Il@l3c; Oregon,.
Eastern, choice, ll@12c; do, fair to good 9©
Uc: Nevada. -10@12c.
i Fall— San Joaqulu, 6%@8%c: San Joaquin
Lambs'. 7%@9c; Middle County. 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free. 9@llc; do. defective, 8@9c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, Il@l2c per lb.
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and ll@13c per lb for
good to -choice.' \u25a0 -,-
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops,
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
8 60, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 60(3 2 75 per . barrel for family and
$2 76@3 for bakers': Washington bakers', $2 75
MILLSTU.FFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. 13 per 100 jbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $3; Hominy, *4
@4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4©4 25; CrackeU
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour.
$3 2a- Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35; In sacks,
J6 50(g8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green
Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. .
Flour and Millstuifs.
# \u25a0 — ; — — — — «
CHICAGO. Oct. 26.— Wheat experienced a dull
market with lower tendencies. Trade waB local
and longs were inclined to let go of their hold
ings and settle up deals over 8unday. Un
responsive cables started the selling, Decem
ber opening -a shade to %<3%c lower at 71%
©71%c. Drouth news still continued to j ar
rive from Argentina, but with no response at
Liverpool this had little effect. Opposed against
this ! slight bearish; factor .was 'the news of
relief froni the drouth- in" the -Southwest and
Information that as soon as the flax crops
were out. of the way the Northwestern move
ment would begin again. To this wan added
proof in the way of increased Northwestern
receipts ' to-day. On these conditions Decem
ber sagged off to 71%c, helped by heavy liqui
dation by one or two prominent \u25a0 local bulls.
Near the end of the short session, \u25a0, however,
news of shipments for Russian ports brought
on a reaction and -.shorts, covered, which
brought December back to Its higher opening
price, closing easy. %c lower, at 71%@71%c.
Trade in the corn pit was narrowi and rather
quiet. In the main it held fairly steady. De
cember closed 3 /a@%cup at 57c. -•
' Oats showed independent strength under the
Influence of the improving cash situation.. De
cember closed %c higher at 36%c.
Provisions were almost dead, there being only
enough business to establish quotations. Prices
were slightly lower 'at the opening on a 'lower
hos market and January pork closed 2%@7%c
down, ribs 2%c lower and lard 5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel, lOftcr threo
half-barrels. 10%c; one tierce, 10%c; two tierces,
lfic; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Chicago, was weak, but not materially
changed. Wires to Boltoo. De Ruyter & Co.
report plenty • of Hogs to come in as fast as
conditions Justify. Private .estimates give the
following stocks on hand: Pork, 40,000 barrels;
Lard. 27,000 tierces; Short Ribs, 10,000,000 lbs.
Everything Is now weak here — cured meats
and barreled goods— and dealers are rather ex
pecting lower prices In a few days. There is
no change yet, however.
.CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%Vs per lb for
heavy, I2%@13c for light medium. 14c for light,
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured.
Eastern sugar-cured 1 Haws. 14<rj 'California
Hams. 13%c; Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family,. $12 50; Prime .Mess Pork
$15; extra clear, ?23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef,
14o per pounds ....
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8c per lb for
compound and 12c for pure; half -barrel's, purs.
12%c; 10-lb tins. 12%c; 5-lb tins. 12?4e; jf.ib tins.
13c.
Provisions.
$10^)00 Ferries and Cliff House bonds 120 23
$20cS Hawaiian C and S Co 5a »9 75
Board—
45 California Fruit Cannera 9$ 09
•10 California Wine Association 89 30
150 Giant Powder Con 83 oO
25 Giant Powder Con 83 °S
20 Giant Powder Con 83 CO
• 50 Hawaiian CommerciaJ and Sugar.. 42 50
UOOO Hawaiian C and S Co 5s 99 50
$6000 Loa Angeles-Pacific R R bonds 101 50
SO Market-street Railway S3 CO
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal as 121 75
150Paaahau S P Co 1150
50 S F Gas and Electric Co 44 7»
245 S F Gas and Electric Co 45 0O
$10 000 Stockton Gas and Electric bonds. 102 75
10 Spring Valley Water 87 CO
100 Vigorlt •••• * «
Giant S3% 83%(Vigorlt 4* — I
SUOAR.
Hana .......... 4 6%iKilauea 11% —
Hawaiian 40 SO iMakaweU 27 »
Honokaa 11% 11% Onomea J4 2S
Hutchinson ... 16% 17%|Paauhau 11% 12 5 *
' MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Paclc.141%143, Oceanic S Co.. 44 41
Cal Fruit Asn. 97% — Pac Aux FA.. VA —
Cal Wine Asn. 83% 90 Pac C Borax. .163 —
Mer Exchange.UO — Par Paint ....» li — J
Morning Session. \u25a0*
California .....130% — [OSLt H.... 40 — :
Geary — 60 Presidio. 30 —
Market ,. S3*j S3%! .1
POWDER. »
STREET RAILROADS.
Local bank clearings gain over $ 5 ,ooo,ooo for the week.
Fair Saturday's business on the Stock and Bond Exchange.
Sihcr and Exchange as before quoted.
Wheat easier again. Barley scarce on the spot.
Nothing new in Oats, Corn and Rye. I
Lima Beans reported somewhat damaged by the rain^
Hay in moderate receipt and steady.
Bran and Middlings weak, but no lower.
Potatoes and Onions steady and unchanged. '\u25a0
Poultry weak and dull, with liberal stocks.
Game still affected by th? warm, close weather.
Butter depressed by large stocks. Cheese unchanged.
Fine ranch Eggs firm and in fair demand. S
Nothing new in Fresh Fruits. Dried Fruits dull.
Local dealers expect a decline in Provisions.
Wool steady, Hides firm and Hops quiet.
Hogs come in freely, with arrivals from Oregon. .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20!L.lttle Chief ....... 12%
Alice 20[Ontario" 10 50
Breece '.. 100'Ophir 80
Brunswick Con 10 ! Phoenix- ..: :.... 06
Comstock Tunnel.. C6. Potosl .; " 09
Con Cal & Va 175|Bavage 10
Deadwood Terra... ol 1 Sierra Nevada 14
Horn Silver 1 9» Small Hones 40
Iron Silver 601 Standard 3 80
Leadvllle Con 05'
|^|^llway p-fd:;>^H^|||
Toledo St L & W pfd ; "" U
\var,ash ... i r^«i «nat tail on
ipBl£iit§tlI|fsi
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd .t... »
Wisconsin Central 600 21% ">i" 21 '
Wisconsin Cent pfd ..„. .... .... Hy.
Express Companies— - - .
Adams ;.. > • ' 1S5
American .'..... "* \u25a0 Jon
United States v "" v 90
Wells Fargo , . ' ""
Miscellaneous— " "" ""
Amalgamated Copper..,; 43,600 , 88% 86% 86%
Am Car & Foundry...... 200 25% 25% 23
Am Car 4. Foundry pfd \600 ' 80% SO 80%
American Linseed Oil... ..... '• " w
Am Linseed Oil pfd ..-••\u25a0• ••\u25a0• •
Am Smelt & Ref • ioo «% 43% .42%
Am Smelt & Ref pfd.... 200 97 97 97
Anaconda Mining Co.... 500 36 35% 35%
Brooklyn Raold Transit 2,900 61 60% 60%
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 600 9SV4 95 94%
Consolidated Gas 1,100 215 214% 215
Cent Tobacco pfd 115%
General Electric 100 258 258*" 256
Glucose Sugar 1,400 41% 39?i 39%
Hocking Coal /.... 200' 14% ( Vl4\i 14
International Paper..... 1,700 20^119% 19%
International Paper pfd 1,700 76 1 76 76
Intei national Power 200 90 90 89%
Laelede Gas ..... *....' 92Vi
National Blecmt ; 41%
National Lead 200 19% 19%'. 19%
National Salt 31
National Salt pfd .... .... 64
North American.... 100 95 95 93
Pacifle Coast 1.600 62 62 61%
Pacific Mall .... .... 43%
People's Gas 25,7(50 105 103 104%
Pressed Steel Car 1,100 40% 40 40%
Pressed Steel Car pfd... . 400 S2% 82 82V«
Pullman Palace Car 219 "
Republic Steel ...;...i... 700 1SV4 15 • 15%
Republic Steel pfd.....;. 2C0 66%. 6C% 66%
Sugar ,\ 2,300 .119% 119% 119%
Tenneesee Coal & Iron.. 300 60% 60% 60
Union Bag & Paper Co. 14%
Union Bas & P Co pfd. 70
United States Leather.. 600 12% 12 ' 12 '
U S Leather pfd........ .' 80%
United States Rubber .... 15
U S Rubber pfd .... 49
United States Steel 13,000 42% 42% 42%
U S Steel pfd 10,100' 91% 91% 91U
Western Union 91?s-
Total shares sold 335,500 .'i
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2« reg 108%L & N Uni 4s ..161%
Do 2s coup 10S%,Mex Cent 4s 83%
Do 3s reg 107%l Do 1st inc. 30%
Do 3s coup 108%Mlnn & St L 4s. .103%
Do new 4s reg....l3S iMK*T 4s.....:.. 99%
Do new 4s coup. .139 Do 2ds 80
Do old 4s reg 111%'n Y Centrists 105%
Do old 4s coup.. .111%! Do gen 3%s 109
Do 6s reg.. 106% N J/Cent gen 5s.;i30?4
Do 5s coup 107% Ker' Pae 4s 104%
Atchison gen 4s. ...103%! 'Do 3s : 73
Do add 4s 97% N & W con 4s. ...102%
B & O-4s 104% Reading Gen 4s.... 97%
Do 3%s 96%|St L & I M con 6s. 115%
Do conv 4s 107% I S Li'SF 4s 95
Canada Sou 2ds....lO8% St L SW lsts...... 98%
Cent of Ga 5s 108 Do 2ds ....:... 79%
Do 1st Inc.-. 71% SAt-Ar Pass 4s. 87
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO7% Sou Pac 4s 93%
Chic & Alton 3%s.. 85 Sou Ry 5s 120
C B & Q new 4s.. 98% Tex & Pac lsts. ...120
C M ft St P gen 4s.ll0% Tol St L & W 4s.. S2
C & N con 7s 139 Union Fac 4s. ...... 105H
C R I & Pac 4s.. .106% Do conv. 4s..; 108%
CCC & St L gen 4s.lO3 Wabash lsts 120
Chic Term 4s..<T.. 94 - Do 2de.;. ....110%
Colo & Sou 4s 88% Do Deb B 58%
D & R G 4s 102% West Shore 4s 113%
Erie prior lien 4s.. SS^jWheel & L.E 4s... 91%
Do Gen 4s 87%1'YVis Cent 4s SSVi
F W & D C lsts. .108 Con Tob 4s 6314
Hocking Val 4%s..lO6%l ;
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. s
Money— - 1 Westlnghouse Elec 72 .
Call loans ...... 3%$?.4%l Bonds-
Time loans 4@4% ? N E G & Coke 5s.. 52%
'Stocks— I Mining Shares—
Atch Toa & S F.. 78 Adventure 23
Do prefd 96% Blngham Mng Co.. 30
Amer Telephone... 158 Amal Copper 86%
Boston Elevated... 167 Atlantic 35
Boston &. Maine.. 193 Calumet & Hecla.. 680
Dominion Coal ... 45% Centennial 17 '
Do prefd.... 117% Franklin .;. 16%
U S Steel..... 42% Humboldt'- .: 50
Do prefd.. 91% Osceola ...100
Fltchburg prefd 144 I Parrot : 37%
Mex Cent 22 Quincy 160
NE Gaa & Coke.. 6 Santa Fe Copper.. -4
Old Colony 20fi% Tamarack 295
Old Dominion 27 Utah Mining 23%
Union Pacific 101% Winona 2%
Union Land 2V4 Wolverines .- 59%
West End 93% . ..,
; . CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales. \u25a0
Second Session— No sales.' • \u25a0
,- Regular- Morning Session— No sales.
\u25a0'•\u25a0\u25a0" Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
70%c; May— 4000, 72%c. ' - ;-.--\u25a0 '- \u25a0\u25a0 »
OATS— Continue dull, with liberal offerings.
Grays, $1@1 20; wnltes, $1 15@1 30; black. $1©
1 20, and red, $1 05@l 17% per ctl. • :-.
CORN— There is no further change to report
The market continues dull and weak.
Large yellow is quoted at $1 40@l 42%; small
round yellow. $1 40@l 42%;. white, U 47%; East
ern corn, nominal.* . , . .:\u25a0•:. f ... ...
RYE— 72%fr?76%c per ctl. \u25a0 . ' .*
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal: none In first hands.
Informal Se«3ion — 9:15 o'clock — December—
2000 ctlE, n:May— 2000. $1 04%. ' : - - ,
Second Session — December — 4000 ctls, $1; 4000,
fl 00%. " -•" \u25a0• - \u25a0"-\u25a0:'.• -
Regular Morning- Session— May— 18,000- ctls,
$1 04%; 14,000, $1 04%; : December— 12^fl0. $1 00%:
10,000, $1 COM. : \u25a0-• ''\u25a0\u25a0*-"\u25a0 .- •• :
BARLEY— The i market • continues without
change, being dull:. Offerings are very light
and spot supplies are getting scarce. . There
Is plenty of \u25a0 Barley in the country, however.
• Feed, 73%@76c for choice bright, 72Vic for 'No.
1 and 70c for off grades; .Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier, 95c@U 05 per ctl.
CALL' BOARD SALES.
Chicago | opened f easier • on local realizing,
though the feeling -steadied at the decline.
There was a big cash ( business - on Friday In
Wheat, Corn and Oats. > Stocks at Minneapolis
increased 300,000 bushels for the week.
, This market was easy for shipping grades
and some fractions lower on call. - --.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 9S%c<P 1 *l; milling,
$1 OS 1 ,-®! 03 per ctl. .'.,-.
WHEAT— The foreign markets were quiet, at
usual on Saturday. ( \u25a0'. \, '..',..
Wheat^ arid Other Grains.
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — \u25a0 13%
Silver, per ounce \u25a0 — ..-,.- 67%
Mexican Dollars, nominal ....... 47 © 47%
$1 20; two-crown, $1 19. Price per 1b: * Stan
dard loose Muscatels — Four-crown, 4*4e; Three
crown,4%c; Two-crown, 3%c; Seedless Mua
catels, 4!4c; Seedless 8ultanas, 5%c: Thompson
Seedless, 6%e; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy. 8%cj
choice, 7%c; standard. 6%c; prime, 6%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c Bleached Thompsons—
Extra fancy, lie: , fancy, 10c; choice. 9c; stan
dard, 7%c; prime, 6%c. -Fancy seeded, 6tfc;
choice seeded, 5%c.- .'" " '- •
• NUTS— Chestnuts. «@12%e: Walnuts, No. 1
«oft shell. .9^0; No. 8. 7%e; No. 1 hardshell. 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 13© 14c for papershell, 10
©He for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 6@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 13S12%c;
Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans",- ll©13c; Cocdanuts,
*3 50@5.
HONET— Comb. 12®12%c for bright and 10®
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted.
5@6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per 1b. \
The market 'for evaporated '> apples ruled
rather quiet to-day/ but about steady. [ State,
common to good, 6@8c; prime, 8%c; choice, 9c ?
fancy. 9%c. \u25a0 "
California dried fruits were dull.
FRUNES-3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8%@13c; Moorpark, 8@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@9Vic
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
31
AUCTION SALES
'&* A CARLOAD G0NSI6NMENT 5^
A carload consignment *from THE WILMAX8
CO., Newman, of 4 and 5 year old fillies and
geldings sired by Reflector and Richards Elec-
tor, all broken, single and double. FRED H.
CHASE & CO.. 1732 Market st. >
£«30 Head GENTLE HORSESfe
to be sacrificed to make room for our annual
thoroughbred sales; horses now at yard. Occl-
dental Horse Exchange, 721 Howard st.THE SAN -I FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, - OCTOBER 27, 1901
32
8A2T FRAJT CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of Tht San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year. •
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p.m.
£00 Hayes rtreet; open until 9:80 p. m.
€39 McAllister street: open until 8:30 p. m.
£15 Larkln etreet; open until 9:80 p. xn.
1SU Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
22£1 Market street, corner .Sixteenth; open
BntU 9 p. m/ \u25a0 '[:
106 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. xn.
2096 Valencia Et; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and. Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m. "
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
• CHURCH SERVICES.
CENTRAL Church. Mission St., between Sixth
. and Seventh. — Pastors. .Rev. Arthur H. Brlggs
and Rev. Herbert F. Brigps: 11 a. m., sermon
by the Rev. F. D. Bovard, D.D. ; 12:45 p. m.,
Sunday-school. Mr. v Rolla V. Watt euperin-
' lendent; 6:1S p. m.. Societies of Christian En-
deavor; 7:30 p. m., evensonc under the direc-
tion of Mr. Roscoe Warren Lucy, 'organist and
choirmaster; programme — Organ prelude (Mer-
kel); "Hymn of the Homeland" (Sullivan);
"Prayer" (Tosti), Miss. Logan Tooley; solo,
"Traumerei" (Schumann); "No Shadows Yon-
der" (Gaul); 8 o'clock, evening sermon; topic,
"A Man and His -Message." The seats are
free and the people are welcome. _.
UNITARIAN Church , (First), S\V. cor. Geary
, and Franklin sts.— Rev. Bradford Leavitt,
minister; Rev. Dr. Stebblns, minister emeritus;
Chas. A. Murdock. superintendent of Sunday-
school; the Sunday-school Is at 10 o'clock; the
morning service is at 11 o'clock; Rev. Mr.
Leavitt wjll preach; subject, "The Use and
Abuse of Sunday." All are cordially invited,
t There Is no evening serlvce.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor. Capp and j
Twentieth 6ts.— Rev. E. F. Din6more, minis- j
ter. Sunday-school at 9:45 o'clock. The min-
ister will preach at 11 o'clock on "Theism or
Knowledge of God," and at 7:45 o'cl'ock on
"Agnosticism or Ignorance of God." A cordial
welcome for all etransers.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness
ave. and Sacramento st.— Services at 11 a. m.
and 7:80 p. rn. ; Sunday-school, 12:45 p. m.;
Christian Endeavor at 6:15 p. -m.; Rev. W. K.
Guthrle will preach In the raornlne. and lp
the evenlnir the oratorio of "St. Paul," by
Mendelssohn, will be eung by the choir (aug-
mented for the occasion), and Rev. Dr. Mac-
kezie will lecture . on the subject All are
Invited. .
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Octa-
Yia and California sts.— Rev. John Hemphill,
D.D., pastor; Rev., Geo. G. Eldredge, associate
pastor. Dr. Hemp'hill will preach at 11 a. m.;
topic. "Do Miracles Ever Happen?" At Sec-
ond-street Mission, 7 :30 p. m.. Mr. Kldredge
will preach; topic, "The Christian Motive."
Morning Sabbath-school at 9:45 o'clock. Y. P.
S. C E. at 7:30 p. m. Afternoan Sabbath-
school. 12:80 o'clock. • Wednesday evening
prayer meeting at 7:30 o'clock. All are cor-
dially Invited to attend these t ervices.
TRINITY Church, cor. Bush ar<fl Gough sts.—
Rev. Frederick W.« Clampett, D.D., rector.
Sunday. Oct 27, the 21st' aftr*- Trinity; serv-
ices, 7:S3 a. m., holy comm/.nion; 11 o'clock.
morning prayer, litany and. sermon; S p. m. ,
monthly musical services.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor, will preach at boOi services; at 11 a.
m_, topic, "The Proper. Place For a Light";
at 7:S0 p. m., topic. "Hew God Chose a Lead-
«r." All are cordially invited.
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
7th ave. and Clement st. — Pa6tor. Rev. Philip
Cooxnbe: residence. 3U.5 Jackson st.. telephone
Pine 4475; 11 a. m., subject, "The Victory
That Overcometh Ur.e World"; 7:45 p. m., lec-
ture by Attorney Samuel J. Brun; theme,
"The Laws of Mo»«s in the Light of Modern
Decisions: Sunday-school. 9:45 a. in.; C. E. So-
ciety, 6:45 p. m. Seats free. A cordial invi-
tation to these services is given to all who -can
attend them.
EMMANUEL Ba,ptist Church, Bartlett st.. near
23d. — Morning "service, 11; preacher. Rev. J. I
George Gibson; subject, "Life's Bitter Lee- I
sons"; evening, 7:30, sermon. "The Age of I
Doubt"; barytone solo, "Jesus of Nazareth
Passeth By" (Perkins), by the pastor. Rev. J.
George Gibson; Miss Lotta Underbill, or-
rarist.
TIRST Church of Christ Scientist, Central
block, 223 Sutter St.. between Kearny st. and
Grant ave.— Christian Science service at 11 a.
xn. Subioct of lesson-sermon, "Everlasting |
Punishment." Sunday-school for children at j
the same hour. Wednesday evening meeting j
at 8 o'clock. Free reading-rooms, 206 Kearny
et., rooms 509-E10. All are welcome.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
Ets. — This i Sunday) afternoon af 3 o'clock,
"Confidential Talk to Men," by Mr. M. C. i
O'Brien, gymnasium director. Recitation of |
"Barabbas" in the hall, Friday evening next
by Mrs. S. H. Welter .
GOSPEL Tent, corner Gough and Page sts.—
Free lectures by Evangelist J. McDonald;
subject, "A Dispensational View of the Feasts,
of Jehovah." Commencing to-day, 3 p. m.,
and every evening during week, except Satur-
day, at 7:45 o'clock. Tent heated. No col-
lection. All welcome.
*THEOSOPHICAL Society, Odd Fellows' bulld-
ing. Seventh and Market sts.— At 8 to-night
Mr. "W. J. Walters will lecture on "When i
We Lived on the Moon and Mars." Stereoptl-
con views. Library open dally from 1 to 4 p.
m. ; Tuesday evenings. 7:30 to 9 p. m. ; Inquir-
er's class. Thursday, 2:30 p. m.; Golden Chain
(for children), Sundays, u a. m. Public in-
vtted. .
ffHEOSOPHICAL— Free public lecture every
Sunday at 8 p. m.. Flood building. S09 Market
St.; 6UbJect to-night, "The Crown of Crea-
tion." by Mr. Charles P. Nellson; public cor-
dially invited. Bible class, Sundays. 11 to 2.
Inquirers' meetings, Thursdays. 2:30 to 4 p.
m. Free lending library open Monday, Thurs-
day and Saturday, 1 to 4 p. m., and Saturday
evenings.
MEETISGS — SUNDAY.
.--....\u25a0 ...... — .. > — - _,,_
M.-DK. JOHN A. KERGAN will lecture this
evening at Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle, 909
Market et Subject, "Physiological Magnet-
ism"; to be followed by a series of mganl-
ficent Art Views. Free tickets will be dis-
tributed for X-Ray exhblltion at Sanitarium
next Tuesday evening. Seats free; no col-
lection. Remember the Question Box.
A 25c SEANCE to-night; every one receives
test; no matter what failures you have had j
before; BROCKWAY. the Psychic,' guarantees
. satisfaction: all questions pertaining- to busi-
ness or social affairs receive attention at this
eeance; come early if you do not wish to be
disappointed. 299 Hyde st, cor. Eddy.
UARMACHEIS, occult medium; grand circle
to-night 8:15; lecture. "The Mystics": direct,
convincing tests to all; advice from friends on
improving your conditions In life, 10c. Address
232 O'FarreU st
GRAND Spiritual meeting, 909 Market, rear
hall; 11. free: 2-8. 10c; Mr. Swan. Mme. Max-
well, Mott. Wrenn. Stoddard, McKee; con-
vincing teat: others; good music; singing.
h*J MUSTAFA brings all his power to-night;
materializing eeance without a cabinet in the
light; come and see your spirit friend; 2 and
; S p. xn.; SOc. 1610 Bush St., near Franklin.
; C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
' diurn: spirits speak face to face; seance Tue.,
Fi\. Sa.. 8 p. m., 60c. 10S4 Bush; p. Larkin 2273.
\Jl— SPIRITUAL test meeting. 909 Market, front I
I ball; U, free: 2:30-8. 10c: Mme. August psych- !
leal phenomena; Mrs. Seeley.Hodgson. Wilson.
;J£ME. Young's demonstration of spirit return
to-night 605 McAllister st: 10c Mrs. Seal,
.- subject. "Mrs. Piper's Confession."
'PROGRESSIVE spiritualists. Occltental Hall,
- S06 Larkln et., October 27. 7:30 p. m. Speaker
\u25a0 Mrs. R. 8. LUlle. Admission free.
MRS. EBERHARDTS spiritual test meeting
to-night 2250 Twenty-second st., bet. Mission
and Valencia.; 10c
•MRS. ETQDDARD. convincing test to all cir-
cles; 10c. Sunday, Tuesday; readings daily.
278 Ninth ct
C. V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie seance to-day
12 and 8 p. m.. 50c 1084 Bush St.. near Leav-
enworth.
ARNOLD DICKSON'S famous materializing
seance to-night; readings daily, SOc up. 201
Turk et \u25a0
Mrs. Harland's test meeting to-night: sealed
letters ans., 10c; readings dally. 148 Sixth st.
I TV. G. KEEGEN holds a spiritual meeting every
• night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 Sixth.
' -"NOW." lecture by Henry Harrison -Brown.
Odd Fellows' bldg.. 8 p. m.; music; seats free.
CALIFORNIA Sunflower League— Thursday
October 3L 7:30,' Occidental Hall. 305 Larkln.
Mrs. GHlinrham's spiritual test meeting-, 8pm
I 10c. SOS Larkln; hours 1 to 5; phone Howard 745!
; MRS. ROBINSON, 509B Larkln— Sittings dally;
; no circle until further notice; phone Sutter 341.
: MRS. HATCH, full form materializing eeance
' to-night 8 o'clock; admission SOc. 186 Sixth.
OAKLAND Woodmen Hall, 12th st— Spiritual
meetings 2:30. 7:45 p. m. Prof. Perkins, others.
TREE palmistry lecture: free readings for all. 1
330 Ellis St., near Jones, 8 this evening. \u25a0
'A— PROF. GEE. 108 6th-Circle to-night 10c;
gives full names; questions answered. .
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly CalL
- 16 pares. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
MEETING NOTICES.
THE officers - and members . of ' .-
• Hartnagel Chapter No. 3, U.'.A. r - f*JgL-
O. D.. are hereby notified to as- /Jt\
eeznble at their ' hall on SUN- //ia\
DAY,- October 27. 190L at 1:30 /j§f»A
o'clock p. m. sharp, for the pur- //ja£j\
pose of attending the funeral of \u25a0&-
our late brother,- Arch * Druid - - - . -»
JOHN M. GRAVES, late Grand Secretary, i
JAMES F. MARTINONI, C. D,
• . Attett: - JOHN. HUTTON. Secretary. -
' *?-*'\u25a0\u25a0 ''-.-' ' ' \u25a0 ;\u25a0- ,--. -- -— — ' -. -~~
CARPET. \u25a0 BEATIJfG AND - CMS AWING.
WHEN • you become disgusted with poor work
send to -SPAULDING'S •Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
MODERN- Co.: steam cleaning. 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN- Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.
»c; renovated; relaid.- 105 14th st-;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
~ . tel. Main 394. GEO.WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. -, 1703 Harrison ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S . Superior Carpet-cleaning " Works,
O. 333 Golden " Gate . ave. : telephone East , 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning - and- Reno-
;vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.: tel. Mission 74.
7 COLLECTION OFFICE^.^.^
G^EO^GE^vTlcELl/rTAgency— No charge un-
less . successful. Room 310, - 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85. 916 Market. Advice frre: tel. Red 5211.
' : y':-- COTTAGES TO / LET.
WETMORE, 7, off Clay, above Powell— 4 sunny
rooms, newly papered, painted; yard; $12 50.
$14— LOVELY sunny cottage. 637 Dolores St.,
-below Twentieth: 2 yard3-. water. -
__ denti 5 t J!l,
A— DR. Tr~£f~HIGG-fNS. 927 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
' : for painless dentistry ; pure gold I filling $1 60:
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $3 up; a good metal plate, $15;
gold and porcelain crowns, - $5 to $10; teeth
• wi th'out plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
" ket st.; cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions *\u25a0 done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty;- gold "crowns,
$3 50 up; plates,' extractions free, $4 50 up: of-
;'flce hours, 9 a. m: to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for- best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or" fillings by, my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
: experience: no students: advice free; prices
" cheapest \u25a0 and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE ,W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate. -the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
\u25a0' 50c; plates, $5. full set;' all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AMALGAM fillings, $1; silver fillings, 50c: gold
or porcelain crowns. , $5; set of teeth. $7;
teeth extracted painlessly. \ New York Den-
tists, 969 Mission st.. southeast corner Sixth.
"AT "• Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy St.— Work done
• on weekly installments; lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st. -.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, ft; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
I YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ,
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkir*— Pain-
less extraction SOc: plates $5 up: phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN. dentist, v third floor, Ex-
'aminer.buildingr'formerly In Murphy bldg.
CEEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pases.^ent to any address In the
-United States or Canada one year for $1.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
PACIFIC . Detective Agency, room 610, Exam-
iner building; telephone John 381; reliable
work and efficient service guaranteed.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
. or at the Hospital." 610 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking £*Mtilinery School—
"Class rates; -patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion' and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
' EDCJCATIOXAL. \u25a0.\u25a0
'HEALD^T^CHOOL OF~~ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical: day and night. 24 Post st. S. F. ;
catalogue free. .
! AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$S per month; $J0 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, -bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
. fipelllng._Spanish. etc. ; experienced teachers;
S new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
; HEALD'S SCHOOL' OF MINES, -24 POST ST..
," S.' F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
i engineering;- day and night; catalogue. free.
\u25a0\u25a0LEADING actor, unchallenged reputation, fif-
teen years' experience in England and Amer-
v ica, will take limited number of advanced
' puiiils for. stage; company now forming. Ad-
dress, with refs. for terms, box 13,">S. Call. ,
"A — The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
; vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHEK-
MARSH. COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
' A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
: school for the university, law and medical
j colleges: references. President Jordan or any
i Stanford professor.- Phelan building.
\u25a0-CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough.
; modern methods; positions for all graduates;
i- new 60-page catalogue free! 305 Larkin st. -^.
i MERRILL-MILLER" College— Shorthand] typ-
' ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
I rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
i ENGINEERING— Civil, elec:. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. 'Van
der Xalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Kail.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott building.
DANCING — Ladies and gentlemen trained to
become teachers; also pupils prepared for the
vaudeville stage, at IRVINE'S, 421 Post st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
- Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
. Cisco Busfhess College. 1236 Market st.
i Leo. Cooper's School of Acting, .814 Geary st.:
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. . Latin. Mathematics. - Literature a
specialty. .MISS ROULSTO.N, 776 O'Farrell st.
SPANISH, French, etc.Prof.DeFllippe'sAcademy
..of Languages, 3"0 Post; estab'cl 1871 ; ablest profs.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market; nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolm, guitar
lessons. SOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting-Pupils pre-~
i-^pared for the stage.. 125 Mason st. \u25a0\u25a0:".->
PROF. L.' MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
I ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
! ILLUSTRATION— night class. . 424 Pine st. -
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F.;
| founded .1863; new SO- page catalogue free.. -
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr." 6th.
A" WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The'Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wr&pper for mailing-. $1 per year.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
- Call, 16 pages,, sent to any address in . the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
\u25a0 postage paid: -. .\u25a0-;\u25a0, \u25a0 . , . \u25a0
':\u25a0:.' EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.:
JAPANESE and~SHMsTTiSpT^ir^iH~klndsl
1 cooks,' waiters and house servants. 'GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135. .-
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds of
help furnished. • 433 \u25a0 Bush st. ; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Officer-Furnish most
reliable. help. 524 Bush st.; tel. Bush 516.- -
ORPHEUM/ Employment \u25a0 Of flee— Japanese. Chl-
\u25a0 nese help. ; 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
/ flee;. All kinds help." 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
EMPLOYMENT [ WANTED — -KEMALB.-
S WEDISH i laundress 5 desires ' a situation: best
\u25a07 of .references. ,: J. -F. CROSETT & : CO.V 316
'\u25a0Sutter 'st.- --.. ,'":. ; ;. ..;.;\u25a0 - - \u25a0-,. ; , - .-
SWEDISH : cook desires - a situation. '-"J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. "-.—.
A . FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and laundress
desires situation; : good reference; city or
' country.', MISS CULLEN,', 325 8utter st.
A '• COMPETENT German .' second srlri • desires
situation; good ref. Miss Cullcn, 325, Sutter.
PROTESTANT, woman with a child desires
.: housekeeper's place; neat and < steady; . refer-
. ences.-: Please call 2015 Hyde st..,-'- \u25a0 \u25a0
COLORED .; woman wants any , kind - of , work ;
\u25a0'day or week. -.-Address 418 Natoma st;', near
>FUth. -.v": \u25a0 ->:'."• '•*\u25a0\u25a0• - - -;;\u25a0; ;•-. .
SITUATION . wanted • by. a i woman : to - do gen-
.1 eral \u25a0 housework; city : or ; country, -r Call 214
. Flfth:at.,-near.Howardr -* \u25a0<• : - \u25a0 s -,.,
A NEAT, reliable woman wishes position as
; . housekeeper. . Call 5ft Sumner St., off Howard.
\u25a0between Seventh, and Eighth.'. .-;\u25a0•*"; v-
REFINED, competent young woman wishes po-
V-aitlon to attend Invalid or as companion 'and
.; to assist in household duties; $20 to $25. , Box
\u25a0\u25a0/ 1357., CaU - officer /,,. ..,'-., \u25a0•*
SITUATION as chambermaid In first-class ho-
.. tel ; or family; references.' ... \u25a0 Box \u25a0 1526. Call. >\u25a0";,
YOUNG . lady; . experienced, > highly educated,
;• 'domesticated, .etc., wishes, position "as. secre-
tary, governess or companion.;. Box 1525, Call.
NEAT; German girl - wishes 1 to \ assist ; in light
. housework and care of children.; 12 Oak Grove
<;' ave.;-^rear,-3 near. Sixth : st ; between Harrison
and Bryant - 1 '-. . --•»
EMPLOYMEgT. WAJfTOD— FKMAM5;
REFHJED English lady "wishes" -position as
housekeeper, companion or seamstress; rei-
erences. Box 1444. Call office. .
A COMPETENT, experienced lady stenograph-
er desires position; good correspondent; rei-
erences. Box 1359, Call. ,
tottng ladv wishes a position as saleslady in
T °u^t or milfinTry store; willing to accept small
wages till experienced. Address or call E. S..
510% Jessie st.. near Sixth. . .-
RESPECTABLE woman wishes general house-
- work a few hours every day. MRS. is., w^s
Stevenson ave.. off Valencia, near Market.
RESPECTABLE woman wants work by , day:
washing. Ironing and house cleaning; $1 per
•day. and carfare. Address Laundress, 300
- Hayes at. . . - . .
A FULLY capable and very refined young Eng-
lish lady desires a position as governess In a
highly respectable rich gentlemans
For further particulars address box 701, Call.
NEAT, reliable, elderly woman wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper; the care of children,
cooking and - washing : references given .
wages $12 month; no postals. Call 1020 How-
ard st^roomS^^ __
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants a place aa house-
keeper; is a good manager and fewer, or
would like to take charge of rooming-house.
Box M54. Call office. ,
WANTED— By young lady, position as stenog-
rapher; can produce good city references.
Box 1418. - Call office. -
8WEDISH girl -wishes housework in small
family. Apply at 160 Fourteenth st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like mending. Ap-
ply at 602 Minna st. \u25a0_
YOUNG lady desires to secure position In of-
fice; Quick at figures! competent as steno-
grapher; salary to start no object, oox u^>.
Call office. "
WANTED— Position as housekeeper In hotel or
take charge of respectable rooming-house by
lady of ability and experience. Address MRS.
B. F. G.. 319 Ellis st.
COLORED lady would like place as ladles'
maid; can do halrdresslng, manicuring and
face massage. Call or address 1033 Clay st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., noar Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $150 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; /free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2300 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
YOU5fG Englishman and wife as butler and
1 valet, maid and steamstress; . nrst-olass
. needle- woman; comfortable and respectable
place desired more than wages. Apply MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st. . - . *
TO house property . owners, etc. — We do. all
kinds of building and Jobbing, alterations and
repairs, carpentering, plastering, bricklaying,
etc.* either by tender or the day; good work;
liberal commission allowed to agents putting
work our way; all orders or tender proposals
receive immediate attention. Address care
Manager . Hobson House, Kearny St., San
Francisco. Cal. - ~_
GARDENER wishes position ;'iong years' expe-
rlence; thoroughly competent In all branches
of horticulture; Inside and outside work, and
.all work pertaining to large grounds; best
of recommendations. Box 1434, Call office.
; A STRONG reliable young man with sev-
eral years' experience in liquor work wants
position In any capacity In liquor - or wine
house; can do barrel repairing; good refer-
ences. Box 1113, Call office. . - \u25a0 \u25a0
YOUNG married man. age 26, capable of man-
aging large stables, can break horses to drive ;
or ride, also do teaming of any kind, wishes
employment. Address J. BRODESSER, 617
Eddy St. -
POSITION wanted as electrician and, engineer;
would like to take charge of small plant in
country: speaks English, Spanish and Ger-
man. Box 1451. . Call office.
AN' experienced storekeeper and wine cellar
man, married, desires steady position in club
or hotel; strictly temperate. Box 1438. Call.
YOUNG rAan desires office position; highest
California referencea. Box 1436. Call office.
GARDENER. German/wants situation; compe-
tent in all branches of gardening: long ex-
perlence. Address R.. box 1433. Call office.
WANTED-A situation by an all-round man:
handy with tools: useful In kitchen and
. chamber. Box 1475, Call office. :
SITUATION wanted by a good kitchen hand;.
can do -short orders. 'Box 1605. Call office.
YOUNG man (21) with 2 years' experienc- at
carpenter work wants a Job. - Box 1604. Call.
ANY- respectable work by ambitious and In-
telligent young man; can furnish good refer-
ences. M. W.. box 1435. \u25a0 Call office.
WANTED— To do some painting or raper
hanging in city or country. Box 1389, Call.
AN elderly man wishes a position to take care
of horses or garden; -good driver. «13 Mont-
1 gomery st. ' , - -* ' * ' ' - ' - '
ATTENDANT'S or. valet's position by young
German: can give massage. M. W., box
1484, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman' and valet: single;
neat appearance; so-ber: uses no tobacco: ex-
pert horseman and driver; best ref. and per-
sonal from last employer. Box 1431, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with all kinds of
tools, wants steady work any place or In
factory or wholesale house or as watchman;
Al references. M. L-. 719% Bush st.
YOUNG man fluent in English, French. Span-
ish Italian, desires situation; \u25a0 willing to
work. Box 1443. Call office.
YOUNG man. 21. desires position In an office
as assistant bookkeeper or at general office
work: experienced; best references: salary
moderate to commence. E. B. J., 715 Sutter.
RELIABLE, competent man with .good refer-
. ences wants situation with private family.
Address* W. S.. 415 Powell st. \u25a0
TRAVELING salesman would take exclusive
line to New Mexico or Arizona; expenses, sal-
ary or commission. Box 1473, Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober man, German, 29. speaks
and writes English, ' wishes position driving
delivery wagon, collecting or any kind of po-
. sitlon; references. Box 14S4. Call office.
A STRONG young man of 21 would like a posi-
tion in a wholesale house to do porter work.
Address M. H., 1115 Steiner st.
STRONG youns man wants- situation to drive
team: heavy or light. Box 1472. Call office.
GARDENER wants situation: is also a good
horseman; city.v Box 1471, Call office.
WANTED— A situation as silk and dress
goods salesman; best references. Address box
! 1449. Call office.
i WANTED— 'Work as millwright or foreman of
planlng-mill or woodworking factory: over 20
years', experience; sober 'and steady. Box
1438. Call office.- ' . . . .' \u25a0 . . '
A YOUNG man, good habits, seeks position as
bookkeeper or office work of any kind; good
references. Box 14S2, Call office. -
A SOBER and reliable man wants situation at
-moderate wages; understands fruit culture in
all \u25a0 its branches. Including oranges, lemons,
olives, flowers and vegetables; can milk, etc.;
20 years' experience in Europe and California.
Address WILLIAM. 1678 Mission at.
WANTED — Light steady work around private
'place or resort; can assist In kitchen (not
restaurant); please state full particulars; ref-
3 etences; age 35. HART.LEY, care L. FITZ-
GERALD & SON, grocers, corner Twenty-
third and Hampshire sts. -
BY a nurse with hospital . training, a position
in a hospital or an insane Institution;- private
case preferred;; understands electrical treat-
ment and massage; well recommended. Box
1425. Call of flee.' \u25a0-...';-\u25a0 *
A YOUNG man with experience aa traveling
1 solicitor and capable of - producing business
j desires to identify himself, as salesman, with
.- an established house. Box 1432, Call office-.
POSITION in 'first-class grocery store as sales-
man or buyer; this State or Arizona; by ex-'
perlenced man; no tending bar; referencea
Box 1632, Call office. ; .
POSITION as! typewriter and stenographer-
commercial work preferred; refer to Nolan
& George Co., wholesale shoes, 316 Market
\u25a0 st. Address N. S..- in their care. . "* el
YOUNG- man aged 21. wishes position doin*
anything; experier.c d grocery clerk and box-
maker. Box 1421. Call, office. . .
HELPER^ in carriage and wagon work wants
work; 10 years' experience. Address N P
;1020 Howard st.' . \u25a0_ * *
MIDDLE-AGED man wants light work; small
"' Cau'ofncV sood reference8 - L- A., box 1415.
POSITION in, wholesale liquor or grocery busl-
ness as salesman; experienced, either in city
or on. the road. Box 1373. Call of flee.
WANTED-Posltlon as solicitor or collector by
young man of good address. ;, Box 1417, CalL
PRACTICAL miner, and mill man of 15 years'
experience in general mining and milling de-
S !£J P° s , ltlon to take dharge of mine o7lni£
good ..references'; moderate wages Addrwli
• Miner.. box 1407, Call office.;' Address
A MIDDLE-AGED man. well educated desires
-position as porter in some wholesale 'conmfiS
\u25a0 W^,H TED ~ Sltuatlon M J an ltor, or porter-' se-
\>: Address box ; 1101. : Call office. - *?- £*
r'_ BUSINESS • ''CTAJf C^'8-^onttoned^r'
$1000 BUYS the poultry, fencing, ; wir« netting,
brooders,- incubators, etc.," of a three-acre
farm, near Oakland. The chickens and
pigeons are fancy -stock, some prize winners;
, rent of land $12 per month; containing barn
and house of 7 rooms, 100 choice fruit trees;
all in good condition.- - ---'. * J -.'±'
See GEO. W. AUSTIN ft CO.,
:. -. \u25a0-.•-\u25a0. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
\u26664000-^GENERAL merchandise store In suburbs
of Oakland, doing = $100 per day; well estab-
lished; owner .sick and wishes to retire. 55
$1250— A nice restaurant, 3 I entrances on
main streets; on. good business corner; must
• be seen to" be appreciated. ; : .
$1800— A very respectable lodging-house on
. NW corner; doing fine business; owner going
East. ' v- .'•\u25a0•-' • . \u25a0 , '' . \u2666
. $500-Cigar stand; central;; well ' stocked;
steady trade; -can make $100 clear If run
right. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
-1008 Broadway, Oakland, ' Cal. \u25a0
ARE you Interested in having a little money,
from420 upward (invested without any etiort
on you>*j>art) earn for you permanent - cash
j income, bigger every week than a whole
year's legal interest upon same amount? If
so, send us your name and address. No spec-
ulation or gambling scheme, . but legitimate
business. First-class references in any part
of United States. E. J. Arnold & Co.,. Ninth
and Pine sts., St. Louis, Mo. '
$650 INVESTED immediately will secure an
interest in new invention fully as valuable
; as the telegraph, telephone or electric light,
and will furnish immediate and permanent
employment exhibit-ing same in office eigljt
hours daily, at $2 50 per day cash; and also
a commission of 10/ per cent . on • all sales;
money Is needed to secure foreign patents at
once and this is rfh unparalleled opportunity;
many fortunes have been made. out of in-
ventions not one-hundredth part as valuable
as this which Is without doubt the greatest
\u25a0 scientific discovery of the twentieth century;
satisfy yourself by thorough investigation be-*
fore investing a penny. . Address box 1413,
Call office. . . \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0:'
THE "Mi Capricho" Cigar Factory, Havana,
! Cuba, makes a specialty of reaching the best
1 trade at low .prices; desires . to \u25a0 establish
j agency in San Francisco: exclusive rights.
! Address MI CAPRICHO, 17 O'Reilly St.. Ha-
! vana. -. \u25a0' ._\u25a0>' . \u25a0 ... . * \u25a0 » \u25a0 " . ' '
FOR rent by the Wyman Land Co., 1137 East
Fourteenth et./ near 23d ave., Oakland— Bak-
ery and restaurant, furnished: good location;
also grocery and market, tailor shop, jewelry
store, billiard hall, etc. . .'\u25a0''
PARTIES looking for a reliable and profitable
investment a favorable opportunity is offered
.in a manufacturing business; particulars
given only at Interview. Address box 1437,
Call office. \u25a0 : ... . ." .-
$200— PARTNER wanted in light business suit-
ed to plain, steady man satisfied with $20 a
week; no experience required: trial given be-
\u25a0 fore buying. .935 Market St., room 14.
FOR exchange— A full-rigged topmast schooner,
A No. 1; now earning $200 net per month; al-
ways in. demand. Address K. W., postofflce
box 364, Alameda. -': \u25a0 ' . •\u25a0
WANTED — Energetic business man desires to
buy half Interest In profitable business; will
invest $400; state particulars fully. Box 1442,
Call office. ' . '
$1300 WILL buy interest in old i established
manufacturing business with position at $35
per. week. Box 1447, Call office.
FOR sale— Grocery, bar and liquor store: fine
location;, long established;, partner sick; cen-
tral; no.asents. ' Box 1483, Call..
A— CIGAR stand; 30 to select from; $100 to $12C0.
Ask C..L. HEDGES, 461-462, Parrott building.
GROCERY and bar. 3 living rooms; bears full
investigation. Call at 935 Market St., room 14.
PAYING restaurant; fine location; worth $1000;
make quick sale $600; Investigate. 363 Hayes.
GOLDEN opportunity to establish business;
will sell or. rent. Owner, 454 34th St., Oakland.
WANTED — To buy paying business; warehouse
preferred. Address box' 2346, Call, Oakland.
GROCERY and bar, 3 living rooms; bears full
investigation. Call at 935 Market, room 14-. j
BRANCH bakery; candy and dairy produce on
\u25a0 account of sickness. 1209 Devisadero st.
FOR sale— One of trie best ci£ar stands in .Oak-
land; principals only. Box 2314, -Call office.
INTEREST in a. meritorious Invention. . See
working model at 3673 Eighteenth st..-
$75— TAILOR business; nicely furnished room
in rear; cheap rent. "So O'Farrell st. •
EXCLUSIVE agency small stock of. syrlngro3;
fast sellers. Box 14 Jo, Call office. ..
CIGAR store, very good corner, at a bargain.
Call at $35 Market St., room 14. '
PRINTING office 'for sale or rent] terms rea-
sonable. Box 1412, Call- office. .
CIGAR . store, very good corner, at a bargain, j
Call at 925 Market St., room 14. ,::\u25a0 > \u25a0'"/'
$73— CIGAR store for 'sale: must lsave for Ore- i
gon to-nicht. . 245 Third st. .-. . . -
HAIR dressing parlors; well located; parties;
leaving. SALSBURY. 459 Ninth St.. Oakland, i
INCOME $1000 per year^can be secured by any j
one who will take trouble to -Investigate our j
plans; no -gold mine, oil-well or gambling
echeme: straightforward business proposition.
JUMIAPA CO.. 621 Fullerton bldg., St. Louis,
Mo. . - ;
DRUGGISTS— Unusual opportunity to buy up-
to-date paying drug business in large interior j
city; about $2500 required: Particulars by
addressing box 1633, Call office. : |
$1200— GROCERY; 'fine town; 20 miles from Sail
Francisco; best trade; sales $1150 month; rent I
$15; fixtures, horse, wagon; will Inventory at
cost. Address 1 week, box 1423, Call of nee. j
FRUIT store for sale on account of, sickness;
good location. 2764 Mission st., near Twenty- i
fourth. . \u25a0 .- .. - • , --•.-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '
:^ — _ : — : : — : __ i
SMALL bakery and delicacy, store; good loca-
tion; very cheap. 139 Noe st.' "
I FOR sale— One of the best transient corner sa-
loons in city; established 20 years; with . 44
newly furnished rooms; will sell together or
• separate; price $6000. Box 14CS," Call -office.
BUTCHER shop; established - 10 years; best j
town In State; death- cause selling; must sell i
this week. • Business Board Trade, 1 326 Pine. |
FOR^eale — Bakery, confectionery and laundry
offlor, near grammar school; 2 large rooms.
Address box 1377, Call offlca.
FOR sale— Established 'private boarding and
lodging house; near car house. Box 1376, Call.
FOR sale — Oyster and chop house;- good busi-
ness. 390 Fourth St. v \u25a0, \u25a0"
1250— RESTAURANT; cost $1000; rent $30; sound
value. D. McRae Furniture Co., S37 Mission.
$40— RESTAURANT and coffee saloon to-day; i
secure It. .Apply furniture store, S37 Mission.
j SALOON for sale, opposite the ferry. Apply
i lll^East St., north of Market.
J LODGIXG-HOUSKS KOR SALE.
I ."..-........... REMEMBER THAT. ....'......,..-. |
.............DECKER IS ON DECK '.:...
AT 1050 MARKET STREET
...WITH BARGAINS IN .EVERYTHING....
GIVE HIM A CALL. HE WILL SUIT YOU
.....IN SIZE. LOCATION, PRICE AND
PAYMENTS ..:.........../....
,48 rooms; clears $200./..........:.. :..... .$3200
- 8 rooms; on Howard...... .'... 300
50 rooms : new ; payments.' : 0000
140-room hotel; clears $600........ ....10.000
33 rooms; transient; clears $250.' 2000
8 rooms; on Mission ..".... ........£:.. 275
" 9 rooms; fine corner. ..'.;.. 325
24rooms;'the best ............. . . .'. . . ... ..... 3000
12 rooms; "large yard 1500
40 rooms ; , bearding .........'........-...;;... 4500
17 rooms; fine corner 1350
60 rooms; apartment house : 4200
7-room flat on McAllister st....... ........ 225
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard .'.... 350
' 10-room house; fine location. :.. 425
'.24 rooms; on. Geary St.. ....... .'........ 1900
100 rooms; clears $250; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient: only $400 cash...... .^'750
8 rooms; flat; near City-Hall.:: •....'. 350
18 rooms; on Sixthst.; clearsJSO 800
\u25a0 24 rooms; on Market Bt. ; clears $150 1600
10 rooms; on Mason st.; new....: 750
32 rooms; 'offices; clears $250......;... 7.... 3500
' 21 rooms; $600 cash, balance' payments.... 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE
-.'^FRENCH SPOKEN. :' -..•:
H.'^ C DECKER. 1020 ; Market ; tel. : Mint 796."
Al TRANSIT HOUSE. ~ . .-
Good corner; money, maker for right, party;
\u25a0" don't fail to see this bargain; easy payments.
' RETSLOFF. >906i Market . st. .-'.\u25a0 :; v \u25a0 ' .. \u25a0
A FEW SAMPLES OP OUR .LARGE LIST:
Any of the following on monthly payments:
' 25 rooms; good location;, clears' $150..;.:. $1200
20 rooms; best in the. city;' offer wanted. '
13 rooms; fine furniture-, . ..;..:. .7. ..:...;.. 1050
21 rooms; corner; part cash... 1500
28 rooms; piano; clears $60; payments.:... 400
. 199 rooms; grand corner; clears '$600..... ...5950
.42 rooms; cost $12,000 to furnish............ 7000
. 6 rooms; corner flat; payments..'...;...... -360
;-"• 6 rooms; $125 , cash, balance payment..... 860
.40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice ."";•.-.. .... v 1250
10 rooms; O'Farrell; $150 cash; bal. pymts. 750
t:-:v-' CALL, WE CAN SUIT YOU. .-
•18 rooms; respectable; clears $90.. ..........' 1500
110 rooms; modern; hotel;' clears $600.'.". .v. 10, 000
~*2Q'rooms; good location; money-maker..... 750
MONEY, LOANED.... iPHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 7 Market St.. corner
•Bills.-, room .12. \u25a0:>.•\u25a0:"; "v. , .• : .- ... '. -.- ', .-;
A.' CAMERON &• CO., ~T
.850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st
• Rooms 21/ 22 and 23. .Phone Bush (28. "\u25a0\u25a0 '
See. our list of bargains. -; -.' . . ,-. -.
'\u25a075 r.; rent $175; Al loc.; carp., fur.;, full.. $5500
. 38 r.; rent $100; hotel and bar; 80 board's. 2500
'26 r. ; rent $75; Market;, well, fur.; pays.. 1000
'.14 r.'; rent $60; go/fd .furn.'- inc $105.. ;../.•.\u25a0 1000
.10 r. ; rent $25 ; cor. ; fine . flat ; , pays . well. . :• 476
\u25a0 • 8 r.; rent $35; water .free;, good home...." 800
"- 7 r.; rent $35; Ellis; modern- flat-...'..;..; j 500
V 6 r.j-rent ?35; fine little flat ....-......?;.•.. : 275
N..-.r..FlaU,- a to 14 rooms. $150 to $1000...... «
Private residences, \ 7 to - 28 r.'r to I^OOft. \u25a0
BUYERS— Before . buying a house ro to • • -
G. W. SCHWINHARD, ' .
r Phone Mint 1911.' ; 817 Market at, opp. 5 Ma»on.'
. He can suit you in house* and prices, -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE. . ;
ENGINEER well up In the lc« machine bust,
ness, electric light and power, with 28 years'
experience, wants position; . Al references.
Address box 1238. Call offlca.
MAN with wife and 3 children from the East
would like to find employment for himself
on a ranch; also for his wife at same place.
Address A. E. GfiAIG. Monticello. Cat
MARRIED man would take charga of ranch
or rent on shares; stock ranch preferred;
' have had experience.. Address box 1323. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1834
Valencia at.
EXCHANGE.
BEEF cow to exchange for fresh roilca cow;
difference In cash. J. F. PERLI, Angel
Island.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 43 offices In operation; new method o{
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. CaU
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken In payment for services; good mining
\u25a0. and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMEXT~CO.. 32S Post st.
';' FLATS TO LET. J^
FURNISHED flat of 4 rooms complete forV
housekeeping, bath; warm belt of Mission; '
cars pass the door; $20 'per month, gas in-
cluded. 161 Chattanooga st.. cor. of Twenty-
third. - . -
ELEGANT new modern flat, 6 rooms. Tii
Shrader st., one block from Golden Gata
Park. \u25a0 \u25a0
A MODERN flat. Just renovated: 8 rooms and
bath. 735B Ellis st. L •
MODERN, sunny upper flat. 7 rooms and bath;
first-class order. 105 South Park.
2731% MISSION— Lower flat. 5 rooms and bath.
O'FARRELL. 1933— Modern flat, < rooms, bath; -
yard; basement; cheap to good tenant.
THREE rooms, basement and yard; la rear.
118 Flllmore st.
TO let— A cozy flat of 3 rooms and yard; $10.
20 Harrison ave.
4 ROOMS and bath; upper flat. 15 Perry st.
$11 — FLAT of 5 large rooms and bath; son all
round. 924 Shotwell st..- near 24th.
$13 50-2S9 SHIPLEY, near Sixth; nic* mlddls
flat; bath; gas; yard; sunny.
$22 SO— 111 LIBERTY at., near Guerrero; hand.
' some flat; choice neighborhood.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
AS 8- room "flat, nicely furnished; sunny; $50.
724 Powell st. _"*
WASHINGTON, 2833— Handsomely furnished
sunny flat, 7 rooms, with piano, garden.
$25—1517 GOLDEN GATE ave.. furnished p«*A.
floor, 4 rooms, etc. ; piano, bath, garden. • jB
\u25a0 FLATS WANTED.
CENTRAL prettily furnished flat; must hav*
afternoon sun; 4 to 7 rooms. Box 145S. Call.
* FRAMES AJTD PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KTiT.T.KR. 12«-130 Hayea, nr. V. Ne—
—Beat -work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
A SUNNY flat of 5 rooms and bath: furniture
for sale; fiat to let -with basement at a. sacri-
fice. 16ft Hoff ave., off Sixteenth st
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1137-1131 Market.
Immediately — New furniture, parlor, bedroom.
dining-room; sacrificed. 124 12th st., Oakland.
FURNITURE of 5-room flat, downtown; first
quality; used 8 months. Box 1326. Call.
• ' FCIlJflTlIRE WASTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710, Market; teh South 413.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st. pays httjhen
yjprlce for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st ; telephone Larkin
27S2; highest price paid for furniture, carpets. J
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car- j
peta. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Markef \
,,_, _._._ ,._ , , GLOVES' V- - - a,
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price; %
warranted; kept in repair. 131 Grant ave. |
~ HELP WASTED FEMALE^
AT C. ft. HANSEX ft CO..... '.Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 head waitresses ....$33 to $10
- 3 waitresses, commercial hotel, see party hera
10 a. m. Monday $20
2 chambermaids to wait, short distance.... }:•)
10 waitresses, hotels, city and country $20
Restaurant waitresses..-:. 15. $7. $3 week
. FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks of all nationalities $25, *35
Housegirls, city and country $10. $-5
Second girl, Berkeley, fare paid $2}
Housegirls. Martinez $?0
Housegirls. Marysville $3)
Second girls, nursegirls $15. $20
C. R. HANSES & CO 10* Geary st.
NEAT American nursegirls with references.
$li Apply at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 1M
' Geary st. •
MART SULLIVAN, the cook, who used ~to
work In Berkeley— Please call or : send ad-
dress to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cooks, laundresses, second girls,
waitresses, nurses, housework girts, all kinds
of housework ; places too numerous to ad-
4 vertlse. In both city and country. Call early
Monday morning to J. F. CRO8BXT ft CO.,
316 Sutter. st.
MISS HORGAN 33S 8ntter sU
4 cooks. German families. $30 and $35; 2 cooks,
city and Oakland, $30; French, nurse and
chambermaid. $25; infant's nurse,, $23; second
girl, Oakland, $23; bousegirl, Oakland. $30;
30 housegirls. city and Oakland. $25; 4 second.!
girls. $20; 40 young girls to assist. $20. $15. »y
"WANTED— A head saleslady for a flrst-claa«
bakery and lunch parlor In large country
town; must be able to take charge of store;
German preferred. Box 1483. Call. .
WHOLESALE house desires th* services of
trustworthy woman over 23; ex-
r perlenc* In office work not necessary. Box
H79, Call office.
GIRL to do plain cooking, no washing. Hi
• Apply at 233 Third ave., Richmond district*
take Geary or Sutter st. car and get off at
Third ave.
WANTED— A first-class suit saleslady; non»
other need apply; in answer stats amount of
experience and salary expected for a perraa-
nent position. Box 1478, Call office.
TYPEWRITER to assist In Insurance office.
Address, in own handwriting, giving experl-
enc« and salary expected. Insurance Offlee,
P. O. box 2604.
HOUSEKEEPER wanted by widow with small
family; good home but very small wages; no
; objection to elderly or lady with a child.
Address box 1338. Call.
A— GOOD dressmakers and cloakmakers that
are -used to alteration work wanted at ,
KELLY &.JJEBE3'. 120 Kearny st.
A LADY with large acquaintance among pn>-
feasional and business women; no soliciting;
remuneration good. Box 1806. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook for delicacy store; no other
. need apply. Call at room 7. New Western
Hotel, from 9 to 11 this morning.
AN experienced lady for scalp treatment and
manicuring; call 10 a. m. to 6 p. m. 412 Four-
teenth St.. Oakland.
RELIABLE American working housekeeper;
fond of children; moderate wages; good honvk •
Box 1477. Call office. 7
EXPERIENCED bands and apprentices on
men's neckwear. L. SAMTER & SON. SIS
Market st. •
EXPERIENCED waist hands wanted. JUDA
BROS.. 109 Battery st _
WANTED-A girl for plain housework. 2S04
Twenty-fourth st.. near Bryant.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on tailor skirts. A.
KAHN, 143 Geary st.
GIRL wanted to do housework; wages $1& Itf*
Larkln st. -
OPERATORS on ladies' underwear to work ia
factory. 656 Mission st.. fourth floor.
OPERATORS .on children^ wear to work ia
factory. 658 Mission st-.^onrth flocr.
50 GIRLS to learn to operate on ladies' a- J
children's wear In factory. 638 Mission St.,
. fourth, floor.
WANTED— Young girl for general houseworS:
_ no cooking. 1S31 Eddy st. ;
YOUNO girl to care for child during day; must
sleep home: call Monday. 340 Page st.
A: WAITRESS wanted at 29 Fonrth. st.
WANTED-First-cUss sleevemaker. Apply 133
Van Ness ave.
WANTED— An asslitant in medical treatments.
Box 1440. Call of flee. \
WANTED— Young girl • for light houje-cJi
from 10 to 2. Apply 1901 Oak St.. cor. Cola- __
A GIRL to , assist • with housework. 225 TSiri
.ave.. -Richmond district, to-day.
YOUNG girl over 10 years can have good BOffi'
; by •rolxlas »J5 yolioia it. ' - ,
jLODOnt G - HOUSKS FOR. SA1E— Con.
THE' DONALD > INVESTMENT CO.,
\u25a0 850. Market st.... ....... ........ .Tel. Davis 281
„ WE HAVE NEW 45-ROOM HOUSE. WE
FURNISH TO YOUR ORDER. ' WE WILL
SELL IT TO YOU AT YOUR OWN PRICE—
-PART CASH.
\u25a0 36 rooms; good" income .....'......•.'..••. $2,600
18 rooms; Folsom st ' ..:;............".....,. 750
;17 rooms; good transient location........ 1.500
15 rooms; Van Ness; good furn.... 1.400
6 rooms; fine furn. ; a nice home -700
8 rooms; a bargain \u25a0;...;;.•......'•••••••"•' 650
5 13 rooms; good;' new; clean •:.....'.'. 1,500
16 rooms; fine condition; all rented..;... 1,600
19 rooms; modern house; fine furn....... 2,500
21 rooms; well furn.; good income:.:..... 2,600
: 18 rooms; good location : pays well...... 1,500
\u25a0 b rooms; good ; furn. apd carpets........ ! ' 500
\u25a0 100 rooms; elev.; furn. and carpets new. .10,000
.\u25a0_ 40 rooms ; new . furn. and carpets; please.. 5,000
AT once — Lady with few- hundred dollars to
. manage Al rooming-house with boarders.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market, st.
NEW HOUSES JUST LISTED- -
17 rooms; rent $50; clears $55; only......... $1000
. 19 rooms; rent $55; lease; part .cash..:.... 1600
32 rooms; rent $100; elegant place......... 3150
35 rooms; must sell; make offer.....:...... 1000
41 rooms; rent $87; money-maker...:...... 2200
24 rooms; rent $65;, part- cash....... ...1000
: 27 rooms; business corner; cheap rent ". 1S0O
28 rooms; rent $30; clears $100... aou
40 rooms; cheap rent; north of Market.... 3800
120 rooms: rent $110; profits $1600 yearly... 3500
WINSTON &\u25a0 WOLF. 1026 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st.,. rms. 1, 2.
Tt'M Black x-S-0-3: office near Call bldg.
. He has 4 salesmen. .Business is booming.
He has 3 ladles canvassing for lodging-houses.
Get his free list of 541 lodging-houses.
He has money, to loan; payable monthly, or
-.yearly. Itemized inventory- with every house.
A CLEAR TITLE OR NO" SALE. .
_\u25a0 Several good city arid country hotels. '
Houses, prices and terms to suit all buyers.
HEALY & HENDERSON, \u25a0 ••'\u25a0 -•\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 "~~
6 Eddy st.. IS and 1»; Phone James 2771 \u25a0
rooms; rent .$25.. •."....."........... $3iO
15 rooms; downtown; rent $55.. 1,200
.23 rooms; close in; see this; rent $65..... l.OOu
11 -rooms; Turk st: rent $40 COO
.130 rooms: electric lights...... 15,'OCO !
7-room flat; McAllister st...... ; . 250
9- room flat: new; rent S45 750
10 rooms: G. G.; new 6aO
25 room*; downtown; elegant...'...' 2,500
A— 10 ROOMS; Ellis st.; rent ?32 50;. cnly. ..$300
.16 rooms; good furniture; carpets: only 725 !
16 rooms ;\u25a0 Lea venworth ; good carpets; fur. 700 !
E 12 rooms; Market st.; rent $40; good house 550
Many more bargains; get our list first.
--.. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st. .
PRICE $2700; $1800 down; 60 rooms; rent $100;
running water;- gas; fireplace in each room;
.roomers pay gas; modern ..corner, building;
dining-room rented for 4 boards: l l i blocks
from 14th and Franklin station. , The Merritt,
V corner Twelfth and Franklin sts.. Oakland.
THE largest and be3t list of lodging-houses,
hotels and business chances can be found at
the office of FISHER & CO., 935 Market st;
phone Folsom 1592. . , .
$900— 14-ROOM house, a bargain: half cash,
balance to suit purchaser. McBRIDE & CO..
993 Market st. .
FOR Sale— At a great sacrifice a 100-roomed
- house paying- $150 per month; rent $65; price
tlSOO. 993 Market st: McBRIDE & CO.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices in all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market St.
A— LODGING-HOUSE wanted; 50 rooms; no ob-
jection to transient; no agents. Box 1384, Call.
$700— BAY-WINDOW house: IS rooms; 3 baths;
rent $44; modern; always full. Box 1427, Call.
SUNNY new 7-room flat cheap. • Address box
1658. Call office. - - , \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 , . - ' \u25a0
SPIRITUALISM. . V
A— MRS. DR. -FARNHAM, spiritual medium !
and life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun., j
Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.:
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.: Ellis car.
BROCK WAY'S, psychic seance. Sunday. Tues-
day, Thursday; 8:15 p. m. ; 25e; readings daily.
299 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 25G4.
HARMACHEIS read this week only 50c: con- \u25a0
- vincing test clr. every'eve., 10c. 332 O'Farrell..
MRS. LESTER, circle S p. m.. 10c; readings
50c and $1. 148 Sixth, r. 12; tel. Howard 1129.
PROF. Gee 108 6th— Readings SOc and $1> clr.
every night ex. Sun.. 10c: tel. Howard 1123.
FRIENDSHIP Hall/335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night. 10c.
_/__:\u25a0 CLAIRVOYANTS. '
PERMANENTLY LOCATED
IN HIS OWN HOME.
• 417 ELLIS STREET.
r: \u25a0 -•- v*v- -WESLEY OHMAW; -v; - » -. .-
PSYCHIC, TKANCE, CLAIKVOYANT ME-
DIUM. HE WILL TELL YOU WHAT ' YOU
CALLED FOR- ANYTHING YOU WANT TO
KNOW. So Is the work of ORMAN
that without a word, without a question, he
tells you what you came for, just what you
want to • knew. He gives names, dates, *act3
and locations in:thevast.pioblems of life, cor-
~rect information about all affairs, love, court-
ship, marriage, divorce, sales, wills, property,
old "> estates, speculation, diseases, pensions,
patents,- investments, etc., f etc., in all their
varied and multifarious \u25a0 details. He recog-
•nlzes none as his superior who by any means
advises and foretells" events arising through-
cause \u25a0 and effect. His remarkable psychic
power has won for him a reputation that has
been accorded to but few. Lowjest fee, $1 this
week. Everything guaranteed or no charge.
, -\u25a0 BEWARE '
of pretenders and partially developed mediums.
They copy his advertisements, and in \u25a0 many
smaller cities use his name. They even use his
photograph" attached to their advertisements.
Please remember that WESLEY ORMAN can
be seen only at his SAN FRANCISCO office.
; Hours from 1(1 a. m. to 7:3'J p. m. - Sundays,
I 10 a. m.' to 2 p m. \u25a0 <
- - WESLEY ORMAN.
417 ELLIS STREET.
A— ISMAR, THE GYPSY.
Ismar, the Egyptian Gypsy,' draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds -fail where suc-
cess is possible, were it not for the lack of fore-
sight into the future; if you are In trouble of
anv kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfied
In life,, consult Ismar, fpr she is a prophetess
of world-wide fame, and her name has become
a proverb in thousands or homes made happy
by her aid and advice; Ismar can be . con-
sulted daily from 10 a.m. to 5 p.' m.; Sundays
from 10 to. 12 a. m., at her office, 1148 Market
St.. opposite Sixth. \u25a0 -, '-. - - v
SPECIAL — Owing . to large number of Inquir-
ies from country patrons Ismar wishes to an-
nounce that her readings by mall are equally
-as satisfactory as In person; readings, by mail
$2; send lock of; hair, date year of birth.
MME. M. BERNARD "^ V .
THE FAMOUS \u25a0> .
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, g' v <;s an .accurate de-
scription of the past, re vt-als the" present .hap-
penings and portrays- events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble,. discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love -or business troubles.: consult this, great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. \ Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
j 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS.DR. F. CLARKE.~~the well-known, trance
' medium, is permanently located at- 1206 Mar-'
ket st, vorner, Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take .elevator. .Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall:' send stamp for. pamphlet
with special terms. : Dally and Sunday.'
A— LINCOLN. . CLAIRVOYANT,
... HIGH PSYCHIST.
. The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds' when others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk st.; readings by mall.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 23c and up^ satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to S p. m. 215% Sixth st.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL. clairvoyant, 1008% Mar-
ket st, from Alohobar; first appearance; will
• read: your life without asking questions;
hours 9 a. F m. to 9 p. m. ; Sunday till 2 p. m.
MME. PORTER: wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with -double, veil— second, sight;
. diagnoses > disease with life reading; "ladies 50c,.
gents $l;«palm. and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
I3MAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant; and
'\u25a0'; palmist. - permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite, Sixth; private readings daily, .10 a. m.
to 5 p.m.. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. :m.
Miss M. Wille,326A -Ellis st.greatest of all crys-:
\u25a0 tal -seers; reads your life correctly; full names
-given; sittings, 50c up; 3 questions by mail $1.
MRS. ARMSTRONG, scientific palmist, astrol-
• oglst.^-clairvoyant .reader;- 50c, $1; hours, 1 to
, ! 5. v 7. to 9.r 1055 Broadway, Oakland, room 8.
MRS.. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
. .' 25c. gents SOc ; readings daily. 132 Sixth st; !
MME* HANSEN, card reader and palmist, tells
• past, present and ; future, \u25a0 25c. ' ;\u25a0 148 Sixth, r. 14."
MRS. DR. VALEEN, clairvoyant; palmist, glv-ss
V, names; advice all matters., 1583 Market, nr. 12.
CLAIRVOYANT, '\u25a0 card ' reader/ from Louisiana;
-qnly 10c; from 1 to 8.^262 Minna st., nn; 4th.'
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c,
: gents .' 50c. - \u25a0 951 Mission, 1 nr. 6th ; open Sundays.
MRS. MALLORY, 917. Howard, clairvoyant and
• spirit card reader; consult; me. \\ ' . ., :
MRS. MELVILt, well known clairvoyant, water
reader., 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jesaio 1563.'
MRS.- B." " Baumann, * well-known fortune teller,"
.. \u25a0\u25a0> has 'removed from 815 : O'Farrell to . 222 , Eddy. ;
VmmE. AUGUST, : clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
: truth or no pay; 25c. • 1149 Mission. , over store.
MME. SCHAFFER.-! clairvoyant, » card reader;
sittings dally.: 448^ Jessie >t», bet. Sth and 6th.
MME. j RAVENNA reads life fluently ;, business
. "• advice ; names ; given ; 25c : up. \u25a0'. 5 Fourth st .' i
?. " : ' \u25a0 ' I H W9.?J?P ISIT . s v . £/-.•-•:• -,'[;:.
BUNIONS,' corns,' ingrown' nails; painless core."
. '. DR. - DUNCAN. '206 Kearny st. , room • 3O7»
MEETPTG KOTICES— ContlP««A.
OCCTOENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. \u25a0 .
M., will meet THIS (SUNDAY) AF-^^.
TERNOON at 2 o'clock to attend thelCjP
tuneral- of our deceased brother. JOHN /\u25bc>
T. BERGMAN, late of Sunflower Lodge No.
86, F. and A. M.. at Wichita. Kansas. Mas-
ter Masons invited. By order of the W. M.
\u25a0 . \u25a0 WALTER G. ANDERSON. Seoretary.
GRAND Master Wm. Nlcholls Jr., \u25a0^iMllta^
I. O. O. F., of the State of Call-
fornia, will pay Excelsior Lodge
No. 310. I. O. O. F., an official 'WU'P*
- visit on MONDAY EVENING, October 28,
1901, at Excelsior Hall, 2319 Mission st. Vis-
itors cordially invited. • •
O. M. COLBURN, N. G.
E. A. WHEELER. R. S.
THE Officers and Members of the Grand *JVo
Grove of California. United Ancient Or- rap
der of Druids, Past Arches and mem- -"?*•
bers of the Grove aje hereby notified to meet
at Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter St.. SUNDAY.
October 27, at 1:30 o'clock p. m... for the pur-
pose of attending the funeral of our late
brother. JOHN M. GRAVES. Grand Secre-
tary. , By order of JULIUS S. GODEAU.
\u25a0 '"Noble Grand Arch. -•
THE carpenter contractors of the city and
' couhty of San Francisco will hold their third
adjourned meeting In O. C. F. Hall, Alcazar
buildirg. 120 O'Farrell st. TO-MORROW
(Monday). October 28. at 8 o'clock p. m.
sharp. All carpenter contractors are cordially
invited to attend.
G. G. GILLESPIE. President pro tem.
W. R. J^CK, Secretary, pro tem.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from N. Gilman. in the American
House Mine, at the American House, Plumas |
Co.. to deposit tailings in a ravine below the
mine: from James 'A. Modglin. In the Old
Gardiner's Point Diggings, near Port Wine.
Sierra Co., to deposit tailings in Saw Mill
Ravine: from the California Company, in the
North Hill Placer Mine, near Milton, Cala-
veras Co., to deposit tailings In Rich Gulch,
and from L. V. Tefft. in thf Lone Star Mine,
near Cromberg, Plumas Co., to deposit tail-
ings in Jackson Creek, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59. Flood build- :
ing, San Francisco. Cal., on November 11,-
lgQl. at 1:20 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WANTED— Our great set of Christ-
mas books now ready. Best and newest books
for children. Colored pictures. Lowest prices.
. Best sellers ever known. Agents selling from
12 to 25 books a da". Also life William Mc-
Klnley and Complete Story of His Assassina-
tion, including Lives of Lincoln and Garfleld
and Stories of their Assassination. About 500
extra large pages. Biggest, best book. Superb-
ly illustrated. Lowest price. Handsome and
\-aluable premium. 75 per cent to agents. One
' book free with each ten ordered. Freight paid.
Credit given. No experience necessary. Outfit
free. Sell the best book. Make the most
money. We gl\-e the most liberal treatment.
All orders shipped day they are received. We
own the largest binderies and are the cnly
publishers shipping books promptly. HENRY
NEIL, 323 Dearborn pt., Chicago. 111.
WE want agents for our "Economy" Harness
Riveter, with horse and cart; agents can
make $200 per month selling them to farmers
and rig owners. Send 50c in stamps for sam-
ple and prices. Foote Economy Co., - Los An-
geles. Cal. - - . '\u25a0
WANTED— Agents for Murat Halstead's "Il-
lustrious Life of William McKinley"; outfit
free: books on hand: agents supplied. \u25a0. THE
WHITAKER & RAY CO.. 723 Market, S. F.
WANTED — Experienced agents to sell patent
glass hones; a good seller; something entirely
new. Apply to H. A. KAMPE, 18 Mason St.,
Bachelor Hotel.
AGENTS, either sex; Indian corn, bunion, cal-
lous and \u25a0wart cure, with a written guarantee.
DR. BURGER, Chiropodist, 622 Clay St., of-
fice 11A. ' ~- - . .
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or Insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
GLOBE Portrait Co.— Removed to 1C67 Market
st: agents wanted; can make $3 to $5 a day.
ADOPTION. -
MATERNITY Villa— Good homes for healthy in-
ftints. Dr. Erollle Funke.1416 Sth nt.. Alameda:
ASPHALTUSI KOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re- \u25a0
paired: postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 2477.
ASTItOLOGY.
ASTROLOGY reveals past, present, future:
send 25c with birth-date, hour, if known, for
life sketch and 64-page astrological book.
PROF. M. BAIRD, box 253, Pomona, Cal.
PROF. ROUSSEAU, astrologist; complete life
reading. SOc: by mail. 50c. 1163 Market st. t
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
FREE advice— J. M. VERDENAL, attorney, 314 i
Montgomery st — Divorces, private; fees low; j
probating; bankruptcy; collections; suits;
titles perfected; documents drawn; mortgages;
property bought: money 'loaned; insurance 30c
on 1100. P. B. TRAVERS. evenings. 418% Post.
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy: col-
lections; attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships; deeds; wills drawn ;fees low; open
eve's. THURSTOX. 1008% Mkt, r. 4, opp. 5th.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty;- quick;
quiet; no charge without success: collections,
wills, deeds, etc, prepared: charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, sixth
floor. 91S Market— Legal business of all kinds
solicited; advice free: able body of attorneys.
ADVICE free; moderate fee if successful: office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT. 927 Market.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason. !
L. S. CLAHK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar- !
ket st; consultation free; no fees in advance. I
BICYCLES- — For Sale or Exchange.
GOOD, second-hand bicycles, for sale, S5 up;
send for bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL,
809 Larkin «t. „ \u25a0 \u25a0
j BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home (piano lessons free); every atten-
tion given; can accommodate 5 children; rate
$8 a month. Call or address
SCHWEINHARD,
Rooms 1-2, 917 Market St., opposite Mason.
! LADY with small child would - furnish - good
|- home and care for little boy or girl at reason-
able compensation. Address box 1320, Call.-
A GOOD home for a child, where parent c&.n
have room. 1978 Ellis st.. near Devisadero.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children: low terms. 1607 California st.
BOOKS—NEW AND <5LD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2356?
-HOLMES BOOK CO.,* 701-706-708 Mission st
\u25a0
TRUNKS;
TRUNKS ' of every dessription at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard.
i BUSINESS CHANCES. " \u25a0 ' ' '
A. STENBERG CO.. .............. 733 Market st.
v Phone Black »491.
, Stores, city and country real estate and all
! kinds of business bought and sold. Lodging-
! houses, restaurants and cigar stores' a spe-
cialty. ,- • .'.
FEW BARGAINS.
$3500— Grocery; central; large trade; n. Markt
J500 — Grocery; good small stock; horse, wagon
: S500— Partner in grocery; fine stock; well lo-
• cated; wants practical groceryman; half int.
$2000— The best paying restaurant north Mar-
ket; usual receipts $150 day; seats 100; sick-
ness compels sale at once. .''\u25a0'\u25a0
BOOMING and boarding-houses, \u25a0 hotels, flats,
stores and business places of every description
sold and exchanged. , McBRIDE '& CO., 993
Market st; phong Folsom 450.,. , •
FOR SALE— A good saloon on Market st. ; on
account of death will be sold at a bargain- no
agents. Apply McLEOD & HATJE, 615 Mar-
ket st. " - . \u25a0' .. .-.-\u25a0: • .
A-$250; RESTAURANT; good location; well
fitted up and paying; muet be sold at once.
Pacific Business Exchange. 765 Market , st.
$300— RESTAURANT; chance to. get bargain;
part down; good location. DONALD McRAE.
S37 Mission al '. -,' \u25a0 \u25a0 ... \
A — DELICACY store In first-class running or-
der: snap. MITCHELL A CO.. 120C Market.
$600— RESTAURANT . and bakery; well estab-
lished with 3 rooms; must be sold; Third and
! Howard. HEALY & GILLESPIE, 630 Market
A FINE business, not selling but giving away;
call and see. FISHER & CO., 935 Market st. ;
phone Folsom 1592. . - . . : ' \u25a0 • \u25a0
HONEST speculation— Make your ' money earn
a steady Income; $25 upward . invested . with
. us will earn 20 to 30 per cent monthly, pay-
able every 15 days;, send for our new. book,
."Successful Systematic Speculation," . mailed
free; tells how to operate on the. grain mar-
ket without loss; highest ' commercial,' \u25a0 finan-
cial and successful customer references.
\u25a0FREDERICK E, PARKER, 'Broker. 155 La
Ealle st. Chicago., I1L r ..
FOR SALE— An old-established painting busi-
. ness realizing/ between ' $400 -. and $500 per
month;. also a full equipment of ropes, .falls,
ladders, .wallpaper/ etc For particulars call
or address PORTER L. BLISS, . 820 Post st.
Ban i Francisco (upstairs) ; , office hours from
10 a. ny to 4 p. m. ' . - . . '\u25a0.•..-.-<
WAREHOUSE business for sale at a bargain!
Including " fully equipped \u25a0 plant for '. grinding
and cleaning grain; large storage accommoda-
tion; no competition; on R.'R., Alameda Co.;
price for all $2500, including large lot;. for sale
on account age of owner. : H. H. CRANE, -608
-\u25a0 California' st. , - • . *-,- • . ,.•\u25a0: ...
B ALOON y first , class : near theater; - small ex-
penses; large receipts; \u25a0 good* reason for sell-
ing on account of 'Other business. 826 Taylor.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER ;27, 1901.
33
'OPFICES AND" STORES' TO; LET. -
A— 410 KEARNY; i $10 upward; modern sunny
f offices ; : light ! and janitor service - included • ln
-rent..- -" . .>_\u25a0:'\u25a0'\u25a0 ;'.\u25a0.-•' ':— • •-• >\u25a0•"' • .* • \u25a0 ;\u25a0\u25a0-.
STORE. 29x40, with four rooms above; Kearny-
Merchant sts., 'Hall' of Justice. 413 Kearny.
328 PACIFIC st— Handsome store; also S04 San-
some St., nice store, $10 per month. ,.-' \u25a0 .; \u25a0
ROOM, light, phone; suitable • for designer or
. •- card, writer; |5.. Inquire 1008 = Mission at. . .
.;.;.;.- '_ '.'"^ -;•';\u25a0'^•'•^.9^«'- i .v "" \u25a0-i;'-> .\u25a0 - '•-;' ' { --
OIL tanks, second-hand, ln 'good '-order; all
sires; cheap. • II. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st»
\u25a0 \u25a0':.'; _-..'.--.\u25a0'. PALMISTRY. \v
.HT^TE^OM^FO^EXLir^cientTflc ; palmist~5Ti
Taylor st. J , bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 56L
-NEERGAARD. president St.- Germain College?
•*''- reads from.l to 5. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2S33.
, 1'AlATKilS A»\l> DttCUUATOJU. fj
J. C. KOMAINE. 640 G. G. ave.; phone Polk 142S;
best quality work; lowest prices; get figures.
., .. . • PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER \u25a0\u25a0 wanted in -trunk • and telescope
manufacturing bujinesa - Box 1468,- Call.
..;;'.\u25a0 ',.;\u25a0„" ' , .; ' personals:. - ;:
THE Star Hair Remedy positively restores gray
I and' faded hair to natural color without cjye.
" Proof, one 'preparation restores all shades and
colors, blonde, ash blonde, red, all shades of
% brown (preserving the glint or golden hue pe-
culiar to brown hair) and black. If a dye It-
.would dye all shades same color. /Also euros
& dandruff, stops falling," grows new hair. Sold
. by druggists and hairdressers. Ask for it.
.Take no other. It's guaranteed. The Star
. Remedy Co., 3S5 Geary st, S, F."'"
INDIAN baskets, Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. . NAT. RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
- St., largest curio store in America; visitors
- welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upward. !
AN elegant line' of remnants for suits to or-
der, sio; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants' free of charge;, other suits on in-
stallments,: $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, . 1117 Mar-
ket st,, between Seventh and Eighth.
ALL can have luxuriant hair if scientifically
-cared, for;; hair grotfn, gray restored, dand-
, ruff cured;, shampooed hair dried by the sun
MRS. E. -11. ;DUNLAP. 34 Kearny st. and 47
' Post st.
GENT 43, son 13. want acquaintance with eco-
. nomlcal Protestant woman who likes chil-
dren; one' with own furniture or little' means.
Address Honorable,' Call. branch, 615 Larkln.
MRS. BRIGGS, dermatologist— Superfluous hair,
. moles,,.other facial blemishes permanently re-
I moved; without' pain or scars by the latest
. electric appliances. 968 Sutter; tel. Larkln 3171. j
ONE BOTTLE of Plnus will cure any case of
. rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
.$2.50 per. bottle. - For circulars,- Plnus'Med. !
Co.. 731 Valencia st.'. S. F.; tel. Church 1571. !
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st,, near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
I free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certa'.n of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J.' W.' EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market -St., near Sixth.
RAG carpets wove to order, and for sale; alsa
chenille- wove rugg, silk portieres: dealer ln
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
. . rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
CANCEK cured at home by internal treatment;
- .-. no knife, .plaster or pain; .book and testi-
monials mailed free. . Cancer Institute, 121
. West. Forty-second ht, N. \u25a0 Y. - .'.'
MAURIAGE paper,' containing hundreds I of !
"personal" advertisements' of marriageable '
people, many rich, mailed free. J. W. ;
GUNNELS, Toledo, Ohio. , -
AN inspiration' and guide to; ailing women;
health book sent free. • Write or call THE
VIAVI CO., 2204 Van Ness ave. . •
ADELINA PATTI'S Ueauty Cream. Secret of
- continual youth; 50c, postpaid; free demon-
stration; come, and see us. Bon-Ton, 324 Post'
GOOD Work and politeness is what you find at
Lederer's; halrdresning 25c; hair dyeing. • G..
LEDERER. 123 Stockton St. .
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legiti-
mate detective business. Emma Spreckels
: bldg., rooms 323-324, S;;F.; tel. South 381.
AT cash prices; ladles', tailor-made suits, coats,
. silk waists, - trimmed hats, skirts, etc.; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth st
WHITE enamel-iron beds, single; three-quarter
or double. I $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
BEAUTY doctor from East wishes lady patients
","'to_treat"at their homes. Address box" B., Call
branch, 300 Hayes .st. .. '.. " ; •; .
.SUPERFLUOUS hair .and moles destroyed with
• . electric needle. MISS . EATON. 1119 Sutter St.
PRIVATE detective; work; reasonable rates; 10-
• years> experience.* J. B.- RAY, .457 Minna 3T.
TWO' sharp travelers want commission -lhies;
'.'••coast trade. Box- 1450, Call- offlce. ' . \u25a0 *?}
SEND stamp for list books which can"*.' be
bought elsewhere. Books, 406 East 75th, N.-Y.
FOR sale cheap; a new. full-dress suit; S8
\u25ba breast. Box »C9, Call offlce. - ..-..
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
-Dr.G. S.Moore, 332 O'Farrellj send- for circular.
WILL pay cash and- good prices for old seal-
sklns. Box 1205. Call office.., -'
Superfluous -hair removed free for 1- week by
elec. needle. Dr. Lnla Brooks. Mission & 16th;.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
-teacher; translations. 513 McAllister st.V >
LACE curtains cleaned for 35c per pair and up..
'1277 Mission st. ;. phone Folsom 2G2S.. - 1 '--. • \u25a0. . \u25a0
STOP that •\u25a0'•cough"— California Lung Balsam
; .wlll-do it; all drugglsts:phone Pine 23S6.
MASQUERADE costumes. . play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Market.
500 MEN wanted to order suits. for $1 per week..'
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors, 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50: dress *pants. »2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush -and Dupont.
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix j-our own rnofs; 60c
. per gallon.. Ill Van Ness av».
OBESITY cured: no dieting; no weakening. THE
. A'VIDA CO./736 Valencia St., bet. ISth & 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn .Paint the best
tcora cure;' 23c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna ; restores gray
hair. to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
• OLD gold, silver, -diamonds and precious stones
bought' J.R. JENKEL., 817 Market st. .;
CHEAPEST and best in "America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or. Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. -. \u25a0 "..\u25a0.'\u25a0 \u25a0' \u25a0 '...\u25a0•\u25a0'\u25a0
''PLANING AND TURNING MILLS.;
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. : CARL F. HAAS, 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AXD . SURGEONS. v
DR." C." ; C~O 7 DONNELL-6Tfice and residence,
1021% Market Bt..' between, Sixth and Seventh..
DR. WONG HIM, herb j i dpctor, . successfully
treats all diseases of the human- body; seo
testimonials at offlce, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium, .
764-766 Clay st; see 'testimonials at offlce.
~ RUPTURE SANITARIUM. .1
Market; treatment free; $100 paid for any truss
* as good as our new double lever rupture holder..
* ' ' '»
'.; • • -. SPECiAii-. notices;. .:--. ; v -.\u25a0\u25a0_ •;'\u25a0.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or- country. • PACIFIC COLLECTION
\u25a0CO.; 415 Montgomery st; rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
CHEAPEST and best ln , America— The Weekly
...Call, - 16 1 pages, ' sent .Jo any . address in the
-United States or Canada ona year. for $1.
DISEASES' and- ailments of. men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEVVING BJACHINES .AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
•teed. -Chas. Plambeck.1915 Mission, nr. 15th.:
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented,' exchanged; re-
palrmg; * lowest ura.tes.TeI.; Black ;1124. 205 4thl
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented,' exchanged; re-
- pairing slowest rates; phone Mint 45. > 145 6th.
WAREHOUSES. \u25a0
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving; Co..
offtcb . Post r and ; Powell sta. ; tel. Main 6713. i •
GOLDEN: WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Ml«-
slon st;.teL Howard .941. 'F;>W. ZEHFUSS.'
PACIFIC" Storage and' Furniture Moving Com-
'. pany,;2320..FIllmore.st; phone Jackson 281.'. n
: BEKINSj Van. and Storage. Co., 722 Mission st;'
••tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. •\u25a0
; \u25a0.;:'.;/.-:,\u25a0../\u25a0',\u25a0 to.:, lease.'-..-.' •\u25a0.. '\u25a0•;' '
CORNER?'lot.T37:6xl37:6 f efet". SE.'corner Beach
, and Taylor sts.'. North Beach, near seawall.
Apply owner, \u25a0 810- Ellis -st. -.-; .\u25a0\u25a0".,,. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'-.-'.
AND
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We !
B sell: better machines for leea money than any
\u25a0 house ln the city; rentals,* $3. > The Typewriter
- Exchange,- 536 California; telephone Main 256.*,
i WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.--Exper*.
u typewriter doctors ;estlmate- f-ree. j 209 Sansome.'
A WEEK'ff news'for'5. cents— The Weekly Cajl.
.16 pages,- in wrapper for mailing Jl per year. J
:i^r ;3 ;,: i; ,..;:U^-.:-^K^_vry^;:-: ;:
\u25a0-*'.-. ',[ -\u25a0'\u25a0' i^'s'T^b voirsby^ ' : ]_ .[[ j: '
LOST— Left in tie toilet room '< of Emporium
Saturday a small-sized black jacket; suitable
.reward offered' for return. Write MISS E. J.
\u25a0 STEPHENS^ Stanford University, Cal. - • \u25a0 ,
LOST— A due i book, of California Council No.
,1. D. of L. . Return to 27 Oak st :.
LOST— A passbook with- th« Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San . Francisco, in the
name of FRANK . M. GLOSEMEYER; No.
256-284. The finder, will please return to bank.'
LOST— A passbook - L with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MRS. LAURA ELLA BAILEY; No.
92.791. , The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Near Jefferson square ;'skye terrier, one
year old; name Dandy. Return tp 722 Gclden
Gate ave.; liberal reward. . - . -.-..- •
LOST— On Market st., a fox terrier bitch, both
I ; ears yellow; reward. - Return to ED LANG-
LEY. 444 Jersey st. , t ... -'.\u25a0\u25a0•. -'-\u25a0'. .:\u25a0
LOST— Fox terrier," in vicinity of Washington
. Square; tag No. 1373. Return to 608 Filbert
. st. and receive liberal reward/' .\u25a0'\u25a0-'.
IT will pay. to "Remember" that the Califor-
, nla Watch Cape Co., 220 Sutter St.. needs old
\u25a0 gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carDet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st;
tel. Bush 421. • .. m. /-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•- -.,:.::
'•\u25a0 ,' "\u25a0- - medical. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 v •' ' ; ,_;'.„"
DR. O'DONNELL— AH' who. are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have -been used for many years by-
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most > obstinate Cases, have
been relieved by my medical treatment: free
confidential advice, on all subjects of. a- deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaint*
treated ; relief to the longest cases. DR. O.
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market St.- opp. Fifth.
A— Mrs. Sweet, graduate Royal University, Ber-
lin; 25 years' experience in midwifery cases;
utmost confidence can be placed in her; takes
. & treats ladies before & during .confinement;
befct care, attention; confinement $15; board $4
week; infants adopted. 3S27 ISth st.'; Mlssion-
\u25a0 -st. cars; consultation free; \u25a0 phone; Capp 2803.
MRS. D. WYETH and Mrs. Kohl, reliable
ladies' - specialists for female, complaints; In-
t-tant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience;
. private home before and during confinement.
410 O'Farrell st.. near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.. \u25a0
DR. 'and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists;
well known and reliable; 25 years' practice ln
S. F.; maternity home; fee low: 806 Market
Bt, corner Ellis. .- .
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market st.. S. . K. I
MRS. D. .ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable la-'
dies' Epecialist; a' prlv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care; low fees.'
THE original MRS. DAVIES'is still located at
122S Market; maternity home provided; offlce
hours 10 a.m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.'-
DR. NO TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st. opp.
Union pquare; all diseases cured by herbs.
J1ILLIXERY.
MILLINERY— Striking original designs,' becom-
ing effects, from new or old material. M.
OLIVER, 97SA Geary st.
u MIXES ASDrMIXIXG.^ ___
MONTEZUMA MINING COMPANY'S
• FIXAN»AL REPORT.
,/ TACOMA, September 1, 190L;
RECEIPTS.
Shares sold for cash $42,256 99
Shares sold on contract $£3,038 10 '"
Payments on contracts.... 13,123 07 13,123 07
Bal due on stock contracts.. $49,915 03 ;
Coal sales for cash • 2,500 00
Total cash' 'receipts. ... '. |57,8S0 06
EXPENDITURES.
Tacoma, Copper Mine..'. ......". $5,478 35
Chicago Group Copper Mines. 200 00
Blue Star Group Copper Mines 724 71 ,
Nijrger Claim Copper Mine... 2.C00 00
Coal Lands 2,178 04 '
Live Stock ......:.. 45 00
Coal Mine „.... 16,267.90
Iload ; 875 07
Mor.tezumpa. Townsite 339 04
/Expense - 7,381 OS
f 35, 489 22
Cash on hnad 22,510 43
Current accounts outstanding. ; 113 53
' • *;. ' "... '$57,999 6a $57,999 65
.'.. ' .. /.-ASSETS..^ J
Investment ln mineral' claims ' ' $8,403 09
Investment in Coal. Lands..:. . . 2,178 01
Investment in Live Stock - - '- - 45 00
Investment in Coal Mine, half .- ' \u25a0 \u25a0 • -
- COEt *:>.'-..: V...; ...-...-"- ". IS, 267 DO
Investment In Townsite, 'half - \u25a0
cost . t>- 339 Ot
Due on contracts for stock.... . ;49,915 03
Cash ..;....:........ f 22,61043
'\u25a0' . ' > ' ' ': ' $99,608 53
'. LIABILITIES..
Current Accounts .'. 119 59
Net assets at actual cost...! 1 .. $39,538 91
THEO SHENKENBERG, • .
.. . i . Secretary and Treasurer.
The 2000 acres of coal lands alone, with the
development work done. - are worth almost a
million dollars, and are growing more, valu-
able every day. . The coal body is enormous,,
and 'the quality unequaled.
The second dli-ldend will soon be declared.'.
. Last offer " of shares at present prices— 23c
cash or 28c on installments. - You have watched
this stock advance steadily; you will see It
go soon to par value. It Is now the best In-
vestment stock -on the coast. Maps,- photo-
graphs and reports for interested persons. Call
or write.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST
CO.. v
Fiscal Agents, \u25a0 ' \u25a0 .
328 Montgomery et..' San Francisco, Cal. S
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
'BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back, bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second- hand; we always have a large stuck of
saloon outfits on hand;. 32 complete outfits on-
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In '24 hours. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019. 1021, 102S
Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
GOOD firewood for sale cheap. Risdon Iron
Works, cor.' Howard and Beale sts. - -
RETIRING from business— We are" selling out
. our stock of 1 pictures, frames and moldings
at a reduction of half off; must .close out
everything by Nov. 15. JONES & CO., 704
.. Larkin' st. near Ellis. ' : • ' -:.-,
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
. ers, etc. :' also wood-working tools, such aa
. band saws, wood planers, shapers, stickers,
mortisers,' saws, etc. J.' B. JARDINE, 220
Fremont st. : . . \u25a0 . . \u25a0
A NEW system of buying diamonds, watches,
sealskins, trunks, valises, etc., is being ln-
. augurated at , the Portland Loan; Offlce, £5-
Stockton et. All 'you need is a very small
deposit. . - .. , • (\u25a0•...-
FOR sale at a bargain — One -narrow gauge
-railroad locomotive, one narrow gauge rail-
road steam motor,, one traction steam engine.
For particulars apply to Fi -H.- LANG
Salinas, Cal. -,.-,.\u25a0;.-. -\u25a0
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Estate of W. A.
Hartter; a full line of photo supplies, -grapho-
phones, records, etc. Room' J513, Examiner
building." - ; .. , . ;
A BARGAIN— 75 Substantial perforated bottom
. chairs; suitable for concert or home use; will
sell the lot very low. Address "box 1439, Call.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern. engines and
boilers bought and sold: KROGH MFG." CO.,
9-17 Stevenson St., near First,' : - .. ;.
FINE -suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75.- MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 60 DERBY and' Fedora hats, $1'75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
8 HP. boiler and 6 hp. automatic engine; com-
' plete, perfect. H. S.-WHITE, 616. Mission st.
PRINTING— 1000 business cards, $1 25; all prlntl
ing low. 509 Kearny st; phone. Black 1873.'-..
AT reasonable prices— Choice" runts, hen pig-
'\u25a0 . eons, white homers. 2041 Linden st w Oakland.
MOUNT, Olivet Cemetery stock for sale at $1 35
sharer- Box 1448, Call offlce. >
SINGER sewing machine (new style); 5 drawer;
\u25a0oak; complete; cheap.. 1915 Mission, nr.i 15th.
FOR sale— 2 National cash • registers » for half
price. Inquire Old Louvre, Phelan building.'
GALVANIZED Iron eaves, troughs and tin gut-
tera at SHIELDS & HADLER'S. 648 Mission.
A RARE chance; 2 bicycles, J6 and $10 a piece.
416 Larkln st, near JTurk.* J ;;..- . .. ,
ST. BERNARD dog . for sale, 1 year, old; well
.; figured. 622 .Eighth st. . \u25a0 '.•\u25a0\u25a0: . .•/ -„ ', '
CANARIES for sale. -103 Grove street.'--.
FOR sale— Offlce ' safe \u25a0 cheap. : . .Address box
.1452. Call Office, y \u25a0\u25a0^\u25a0',-.- J \u25a0•.\u25a0?.'. v .•..:." :\u25a0• t
FOR sale— Horse and phaeton. for family or doc-
V tor.'. .Call morning at drug store/ 1M4 Valencia.'*,
. "\u25a0 ' '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.'\u25a0• -V
LADY for office jrork; no tyr^wrTttar^tt^r
week. Acdras box 1356. Call office"
ERRAND girl. 121 Post rt. room -8L
n ° l8her> ™«t«fl~~l6lH
GIRL cr boy to wash dishes and h*ln wait at
table ln restaurant 644 Mis^on^t
GIRL for general housework; wages $20 Cull
Monday at 13> Broderick et. ~.
COMPETENT cook. 2344 Sutter st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
has ccmpleted ten years of successful school
work and can give to its patrons the ; bSeflt
of past experience. We have to offer the b«t
*mem dresscutting ever invented, a thoroith
business training under competent ins?rocufrs
and latest design*; millinery cours™ un-
equaled: patterns cut to order. lOMMarket rt~
$25 TO K5 per week guaranteed: 6 ladles and
J gentlemen: theatrical sketch: no previous
experience necessary. <r a ldwell College of <£a
jory^nd Acting. Hoover Hall, lS27^Iarke??t"
A ss^i!yairva 1 » 1 !ri--s:'
THEATRICAL-Wanted actress and ctevlr
,^? n <g5*o, fl £, ddrew wlth .'^renee,. bo?
WAXTED- Experienced* seametress on cloak
r^t 'HA^BRO^ """I "*- "
E «3^fi E h TIC ' * r 'S nt *««\u25a0» to learn to cut or
l n V;?T^ER^T rte^ : gffe".y- GAy ™ ER
A «^L^J nd ° m !, table eaer *y. Possessed of
fel.-a««rtlon; good opportunity to right par-
ty. tr. rfc-RSOX. room 412. Parrott building..
WANTJiTD— First-class skirt finisher DAV.
ZIGEK. Ladies- Tailor. 37 Powell st.
°^ rvv^c"?,, on cloaks and suits at IL
RATNERS, 121 Post st
" P '^I T ? D ~ A first-daes saleslady: references.
Call tet. 7 and 9 p. m., 206 Hickory ave. .
WANTED— 58; a young girl to assist in light
housework; sleep home. 523 McAllister st
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
learning. Belasco & Harris Co.. Ml Market.
MACHLXE operators at LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.'S overall factory. ZZy, Fremont st; good
wages; no experience necessary; steady work.
Apply SIR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee £ hlrts ; also a few bright girls about 16 ;
.years of age for Instruction; paid while learn- '
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove ets.
HAIRDRESSING taught ln 2 weeks; manlcur-
ing & facial massage included; course $5: po-
sition* positively guaranteed; 4 good position j
waiting. S. F. College. 233 Geary et.. room 15.
"WANTED — Experienced operators on ladies'
dress ekirts; steady work; good pay. MARKS
' BROS.. 1212 Market 6t
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts:
rteady work: best prices. LOWEXEERO &
CO.. £7 Jessie ft.. 6th floor. \u25a0 .
WANTED— Girl for housework and cooking.
KTi O'Farrell Et
PROTESTANT girl for general housework. $20.
2712 Polgom et.«
GIRL to assist with general housework; deep
home. 1203 Eutter Bt
WANTED— Woman presser. Union Dye Works.
164» Market st.
WANTKD— Immediately, a wetnurse. 906 Guer-
rero St.
WAKTKD— First-class waist, skirt and cloak
hands Apply 1200 Geary st
WANTED — Women lor light work on Irult.
1731 Folsom st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore et
A BRAXCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been establlsced at 109C
Valencia et - . .
~A HELP WANTED — MALE.
A TO-DAY. SUNDAY
TO-DAT. SUNDAY
AT C. B- HANSEN & CO.'S.... 104 Geary st.
Railroad work free fare
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK.
50 drillers and muckers $2 to $2 50 a day
-FOH COMPAJfY WORK
V lalK.rers ....'.:.. ..:$1 75 a. day
Kree iare 6HJj> te>-day free fare
10 men for concrete work, country, $2 25 a
'day; 3 rough carpenters, country, $3 a day.
C< R. HANSEN & CO..... 104 Geary st
J. NICHOLSON, the blacksmith, please call or'
-write to C. R. HAJCSEN & CO..- 104 Geary st.
CIVIL iservice Government Positions— 9889 ap-
. pointnrents made last year; probably 10,000
this y«;ar; common school education required
for th? examination; catalogue of informa-
tion free. Columbian Correspondence Col-
lege, Washington, D. C.
EXPERIENCED city driver to take orders and
collect for teas, coffees; city references and
cash deposit required:, ehort hours; perma-
nent position; srood salary to right man.
Columbia Tea Co., 222 Sixth 8t
WANTED— Printer to take, charge of a small
Job off.ee in a wholesale house; pony cylin-
der and two Gordon presses; give references
and wngM expected. Box 1474, Call. offlce.
TYPEWRITER to assist ln Insurance office.
Address in own handwriting, gi\-ing experi-
ence and ealary - expected. Insurance Offlce,
P. O. lx>x 2604, city. . -
WANTED— A strong errand boy who knows
the cit:r well. Apply R. D. DAVIS & CO.,
corner Geary st and Grant ave. \u25a0 . .
EARNEfiT young man willing to work his
way through business college. Apply Cali-
fornia Business College. S05 Larkln st.
"WANTED— Assistant managers by a very
promising company. Call for ten days. 473
\u25a0Parrott todllding. . '
OLD rentlenian for light work; small wages;
rpferem«s. Address D., Call Branch, 1941
ilhsion Et • - .
tVANTEi:>— Cash boys at RAPHAEL'S.
WAN'TED-A bushelman at RAPHAEL'S.
V.'ANTED- Two first-class men'* clothing
salesmen at RAPHAEL' 8. - - - -
YOUNG man to take out orders and care of
horses, butcher Bhop. 1193 McAllister st.
BOY to learn printing •business; must have
common schooling. 516 Commercial at
A COAT maker for the country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter st .
A BOY helper for candy factory. B. -J. BAUM,
405 Jon-;s i?t.
BOY-warited for offlce; 17 to 18 years old; must
live at home. Address S. S., Call office.
WANTED— Sober man with $75 can make $15-
$18 per week; no risk. 78 Third rt. room 2.
MAN and wife to work; man must understand
care of horse. Apply 2476 Howard Bt . • .'
BOY to learn watchmaking. O. SIXZ, 36
Geary ft., room 34.
EXPERIENCED parcel wrapper; also dress
goods salesman. Box 1445, Call offlce.
PRESSED on ladies' tailor suite; Sunday 10 to
12. or aiond&y. A. KAHN, 142 Geary st.
17ANTEI>— Large wholesale bouse intends to
establisH branch office ln San 'Francisco; de-
elres manager for same; salary • $150 per
month & extra profits; applicant must fur-
nish gcod references & have I1S00 to $2000
cash. ASdress Superintendent. P. O. box 115L
Philadelphia, Pa.
MANAGER— Large house, extending business
.rapidly, desires arrange capable man manage
efnee this city: salary {200 month, all expen-
ses, extra commtesions: must furnish $1200
cash;. no soliciting, office duties wholly; flrst-
\u25a0 class references given and expected. Super-
intendent, box E3L New Haven, Conn.
AMEITICUS representatives; wages S3 day;
large house, new lines, bona fide opening men
and women good character willing to work;
permanent chance advancement 206 State st.,'
New 'Haven. Conn. • \ \u25a0
WANTED- Man in each county to represent
c-tabllshed house, solid financial standing;
bana file weekly cash ealary $18, paid by
Check each Wednesday, with all expenses
from headquarters; money advanced' for ex-
penseg. Manager. 877 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
WANTED— Salesman to sell dry goods and gen-
eral stcre trade; permanent position to right
' nun. Address, with particulars,' - J. W.
BREEN, 14 South Commercial st. St Loulu
Mo. . .'
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 41;!. Parrott building.
W ANTED— First-class leather burner. Apply
-between 8 and 11 a. m. HALE BROS.
PANTS prtssers wanted by 8. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factor?'. 27 Geary st
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker an ladles' flne tailor-
Ing. DANZIGER. 237 Powell St.
GOOD operators on cloaks at H. RATNER'S,
131 Post «t> . . . -
ERRAND boy who resides in the Mission. H.
HEWEMAN. 109 Sansome «t • ; '
fcETAL ;?oli£hers wanted. 8. F. Novelty and
Plating Works, Bay and Stockton • ets.
tt'ANTEIJ-rDomestlc talesman;. etate age, ex-
perience and salary expected. Box 1414, Call:
>^2Sg*g^WANTED— MALE—Coii". '
A ~ MURftRAY & .RE ADV.... Phone Main 5848
reading Employment and Labor Agents.- .
cC;~ Office open 7 a.' m. Monday..'.
c &\u25a0\u25a0•;;; ••• R - Men ........Free
c - KJ W. R.R... Ukiah
&o teamsters and laborers. Ukiah. free fare.
•_, SAWMILL- AND WOODS.
*\»re paid : See boss here
• l~*}? nn t0 work: ln toIHs and yards. $35
and fd., no experience required ....
f wam »ers for woods, $55 and found, fare
gaM see boss here
fchlngle packer. $65 and fd.; shingle packer,
• *<>z and fd
. , . : LABORERS.
J laborers for factory; 10 laborers, country.
\u26662 2a:' 10 drillers, $2 50; laborers to help sur-
veyor, city; 5 laborers to-day. . Sunday. $30
-„• MISCELLANEOUS ...„
hardener, country $30 and found
Stableman. Institution, $25 and found; stable-
man, private, $25 and found: stableman, fac-
tory,, country. $25 and found
Buggy washer, city „ $40 and found
6 muckers for a large mine ...$75
.Choreboy for store, country, $!2 to $15; boy
for stqre. $10 and found; milk wagon driver,
$25 and found; 13 milkers, $30 and- $35 and
found; 10 choremen; S chore boys; 25 farmers;
3 plow teamsters
-• MECHANICAL
Harness-ma ker, country • shop
Harness-maker, ranch $40 and found
I Machinist, factory Lathe hand,, near city
Tinsmith... Carpenter 'for mine
Horseshoer, city .Machine blackvmlth
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Camp cook, near city $40 and found
4 cooks, city and country; 15 waiters, city
and country: 3 butchers; 3 porters, hotels; 15
kitchen hands, dlshwa*hers, etc.; slaughter-
house butcher, ranch, i 50 and found
MURRAY & READY 634-636 dlay et.
BRIGHT, well educated boy. 15, to learn ar-
chitect business. 126 Kearny 6t. room 44.
WANTED— Big boy; good wages. E. MES-
SAGER. 145 Post St. , •
YOUNG man; tlnshop: learn trade. Apply 7 to
9; age 16 years. 533 Mission . st. -
WANTED— Drapery and domestic salesman.
Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m.. HALE BROS.
WANTED — Upholsterer . and carpet-layer;
steady work to right man. 2408 California st.
STOCK clerk, age about 20 to 21; retail store.
Box 1470. Call offlce.
TOUNG man about 18,. anxious to learn candy
making. 538 Washington st.
TAILOR on custom coats to work Inside. - A
SIMON & SON, 120 Ellis St.
WANTED—iiale, experienced polisher on shirt
machine. 3372 Mission st
A BRIGHT young man, about 16 years of agej-
for general work in our cutting-room. • Stand-
ard Shirt Factory. cor t Gough and Grove sts.
BOY acquainted with gents' furnishing goods-
go errands. 535 Valencia Et
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. '
BARBER ehop; splendid position; good busi-
\u25a0 ness; a bargain. 803 Kearny st.
COAT, vest and pants makers wanted, apply
11 a. m.. Stevenson st entrance. CHARLES
LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5S3 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
1000 MEN wanted-Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
.constructed for the Sweepstake Mining- Co..
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work/ good board and best
wages in State. . San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery Et., room 25, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
WANTED— Steady, sober German as driver for
baker wagon, on Western Addition route;
must have sufficient experience' and refer-
ences; good wages; state former employment
Box 1341. Call offlce.
BARBERS— A 3-chair barber shop; centrally
; located in lively town of 10.0CO; average re-
ceipts $300 per month; owner 'Is going into
other business ; will bear investigation. Box
13S2.. Call offlce. ,
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that' Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
nine Denver House. 217 Third st. ;- 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week/
"MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay St.
"WANTED— Iron molders and -machinists, at
505 Mission st. . • ;\u25a0\u25a0
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 211 Third st. j
WANTED— Salcon porter at U2 East st.. corner
Howard; wages $10 per week; call early.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c 563 Mission st. bet." 1st and 3d sts..
WANTED— Men. for light work Jon fruit 1731
KoUom *t~.. - - .- _-.. .*../\u25a0 . -
TINSMITHS wanted. American Can Company,
618' Batten' st. .
TAILORS— First-class ladies' tailor wanted for
the country. Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO.
ELDERLY man who understands nui-sery
work and florist business. \u25a0 Cal 1 . 500 Hslght
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the word. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis, r. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. It.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.,' near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.- .
A BRANCH offlce for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
"Call. 16 pages, sent . to any address In the
United - States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. \u25a0 • -
HORSES^XD^WAGONS. ~
SALE of horses, property of G. T. Shea; 30
good young horses, 5 to 8 years old; all well
broke and well bred; one flne iron-gray geld-
ing, one black gelding, one large bay gelding,
Wllkes trotting bred; the above three are ex-
tra driving horses and will be shown to har-
ness: to be cold at auction TUESDAY, Octo-
ber 29, 1961. at 11 o'clock a. m., at Nelson's
Training Stables, corner St. Charles st. and
Eagle ave.. Alameda. Cal. J. A. MONRO,
Auctioneer. Passengers by broad gauge leave
.train at Bay-et station.
FOR Sale— Bay gelding, 6 years old, 16.1. can
trot 2:80 or better; brown stallion,' record
2:2S I /i, gentle for lady to ride or drive; also a
Borrel road team, 16 hands, 6 years old, would
make a flne doctor's team. Dexter Prince
Stable. 1503 Grove st. -
A HUNDRED head of well broke German
army horses, suitable for all business pur-
poses. Just arrived. - JOHN H. HALTON, at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard, 1732 Market st.
WANTED— Horse, buggy, and harness fpr
board and care; good care given and If sat-
isfactory will buy If price is reasonable.
Address Horse, box 1149, Call offlce.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday. October 23, at 11 a. m., at the
Arcade -Horse Market. 327 Sixth st JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. 5
ONE ,1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one gurney: all second-hand; one second-hand
• trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.
FOR sale— A team of horses, harness and bak-
ery wagon. Apply C32 Market st.room 23.
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands; Found, gentle. E. S.. 721 Howard st.
ONE second-hand delivery wagon; also busi-
ness buggy. 1370 .Turk st. -.-." .-
A BARGAINln good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 Q. -G. ave.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry, 1
baker's, 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts. , harness.
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AX A NO. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for gale, -cheap. • 532 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. S. , F. .. ' Vet
Col.. 510 G. O. ave.. Dr. E. J. Creely. dean.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at ST. '
ELMO HOSPITAL. . 230 Douglass st..- S. F.
• . * . HOUSES. TO LET. : -
A— PRINTED list houses to let: Bend for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN St CO., 14 Montgomery.
A— NEAR Van Nees ave. : downtown location;
10 rooms, bath, sunny. 1523 Bush st. - .'. -. .
$18 -{-ROOMS; near *Po well and Washington,
or will sell; $500 cash, balance $25 per month.'
THE MCCARTHY CO., . 646 Market st. . r
CLXY. 1249— Upper part of house, to let; sulta-,
ble for small family^ \u25a0-\u25a0'•' ' .'. \u25a0 '•_
$35— PACIFIC Heights house; 2619 Octavla st;
7 rooms, bath; rent $35; apply at ogg e j____j_ : .
"HOUSES TO LET— FPRXISHEpTT"
$100— MAGNIFICENT 10-room newly furnished
home for rent; all Improvements;.". electric
lights; furnace; two bathrooms, etc. ; I Presi-
dlo Heights; marine view. :Box 1607, Call." \u25a0..*\u25a0..
CLAY, 3710— Furnished house of 8 rooms and
bath; billiard table' and Stelnway grand
piano; marine .view; rent- $70 per«nonth.-
- HOUSES' WAXTEP. ' -'"*\u25a0•.\u25a0'.'•':
WANTED— Lodging-house of 15 rooms or, more,'
furnished or partly furnished; state price and
\u25a0location. Box 1467, Call offlce. . ». - .
BY . permanent tenant 6 or 7 room house or
Cat. with yard; north of : McAllister* . Write
(• to M. B. B.. 32A Belvedere sf; .-." .'^J^^':^.,
REAL ESTATE^-CITY'^-FOB ' SALE.
BALDWIN & M0WEl£ r ~
10 Montgomery Street
$1200— MISSION COTTAGE— $1200.
Diamond st, near 19th; cottage of 4 rooms;
lot 27:6x120. , • '
$5200-FLATS^-RENTS $50 50 PER MONTIL
.Woodward ave.. near 14th and Mission; 4 sep-
arate fiats; lot 25x70.
- $4000— MISSION INVESTMENT— $4000.
Eighteenth st., near Folaom; 3 separate flats
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; lot 24x100;
rents' $34 per month; an offer wanted.
$6000— BUSINESS PROPERTY— $6000.
Minna at, near 3d; 3-story brick building,
store below, lodgings above; rents $47 per mo.
• $1730— A SMALL INVESTMENT.
Must be sold to close an estate: vicinity ot
Folsom and 8th sts. ; cottage. 4 rooms;, lirga
lot, 60x50. .
VAN NESS AVE. INVESTMENT.
. $4000 cash— $11,000 mortgage can remain; 3-
story building, . renting for $90 per month; '*ey
lot. affording exceptional light and sun; lot 30x
100; price $15,000.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$31,000— Rents $285 per month; new property
on north line of Sutter St.; lot 55x137:6. \u25a0
$18.000— RENTS $170 PER MONTH.
Jackson st. Pacific Heights District: 3 new
modern fiats, just completed; lot 25x137:6; key
lot; exceptionally sunny and light.
- VAN NESS- AVE. FLATS.
\u25a0 $15,000— Rents $135 per month; new modern
building .of 3 separate flats; lot 30x105; street
bltumlnized; a permanent investment
- >• BUSINESS CORNER.
$12,000— Price reduced from $14,000: prominent
Improved corner' on Haight st. ; store and two
flats; rents low at $1030 per annum.
HAYES-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$18,000— Excellent business piece, consisting ot
.stores and flats; always 'rented at $143 per
month; extra large lot; investigate this.
! . BARGAIN IN FLATS. .
$7000— Rents $66 per month: 3 separate flata et
7 rooms and bath each; north Une of Hayes st.
this side of Flllmore; lot 27:6x137:6; a decided
bargain.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT. '
$20,000— Renta. $144 per month; residence tad
flats, vicinity of Van Ness ave. and MoAlll 3ter
st; lot has double frontage; 42x120.
CHOICE LOTS FOR FLATS.
$2000 — Baker St. near Golden Gate av». \u25a0
$1600— Waller st. near Shrader and the Farlc
entrance; 25x137:6. \u25a0 - ;
$2250— Stanyan st, near Frederick; faces thsj
Park; 25x106:3; only lot left; level and ready fos
building.
$3500 — SE. cprner Green and Gough; JSxlflO.
DOWNTOWN INSIDE INVESTMENT.
$20.000— Extra large lot, 40x105; 2 substantial
buildings, renting for $115 per month; splendid
site for apartment house: nr. Sutter and Mason.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
$3500 — Rents $86 per month and can be In-
creased; building in first-class order; separate
flats; Sacramento st. near Hyde; large lot, 35
xl37:6.
. BUSH-ST. INVESTMENT.
$11.000— Large residence of 12 rooms and bath,
easily converted into flats at outlay of tkOOO;
would rent for $1920 per annum: lot 30x137:9.
WESTERN ADDITION CHEAP HOME.
$1850— Turk st. near 'Baker; cottage of torn
rooms and basement.
$3500— FOLSOM-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Two-story building, store below, flat above. 7
rooms; vicinity Fourth st.
- $3600— RENTS $33 PER MONTH— $3800.
4 separate flats in splendid condition; vicin-
ity of Folaom and 9th sts.: lot 27x75; all rented.
5 • . SUNSET DISTRICT.
Choicest building lots on very easy payments:
on ths H-st. electric cars and fronting Golden
Gate Park and the new Nlneteenth-ave. boule-
vard; lots, and streets on the official grade:
macadamized; plank sidewalks; gas and water
service; low prices; bound to Increase ln value;
your oWn terms; interest only 6 per cent.
; Call at once at our branch offlce (open 'veek
days, Sundays and holidays), corner of It st
and Ninth ave., south of Golden Gate Park,
and ask io be shown these beautiful lots; full
particulars and price lists also at our office.
. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
' ' .' 10 Montgomery «t
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.,
203 Montgomery st. opp. Mills Building. '
BANKS PAY ONLY
THREE PER CENT.
ALL THESE PROPERTIES PAT OVER
l FIFTEEN PER CENT.
$21,500— New elegant modern corner bulldirgea
' Ellis stj rented well; close In.
$17,500— Turk-st corner. Close to Market.
$17.000— Post-st business property: 28 feet; cloaa
to Kearny; well improved: pays big.
$17,000— Near Ellis and .Leavenworth; 37:6 ieet
$16,000— Rents $1680; Ellis st.; new and modern.
$15,CC0— Rents $1710; Bush st, nr. Mason; new.
$15,000— Hyde st; 32:6 feet; new modern corner.
$15,000—57:6 on Leavenworth; well improved.
$14,500— New Octavia-st flats: rented well.
$12,500— Rents $1362; foreclosure sale; 5 well-
built modern fiats; close ln.
$12,000— Renta $1400; new modern flats; key lot;
north side; park panhandle.
$10,000-«« flne flats; Haight st; 30x137:6.
$9,500— $6000; mortgage 8 per cent; cost $1(5.000:
"2 handsome modern residences. 12 rms.
$8,500— Superb modern panhandle residence 14
.rooms; $20C0 cash, balance < per cent
$8,000— Rents $960; 2 new Pacific Heights 3ats.
. $7,000--Make offer; snap; presents bank raort-
. .'.-gage $3500; modern residence. 1 rooms;
Haight st, near Pierce.
$7,000— Clay st, near Polk; very cheap: 9 rooms
and bath; choice neighborhood. -
$6.500— Rents $768; 4 modern flats; key lot:
Sacramento st; near Devlsadero.
$6.500— Leaven worth-st flats: best block: 6 and
•-'em * rooms ' bath; eaay walking distance.
$».500— Rents $600; 3 handsome Mission warm
belt flats: north side; 28 feet front.
$1,500— Lot 44x137:6; modern cottage, 6 rooms
J«~, S nd bath: McAllister St.; $1500 cash.
$3.900— Sacramento, near Leavenworth- 2 flats.
$3,600-^Rents.$52S; S flats; Clara st.
$3,200— Rents $396; Tehama st, near Third.
$3,150— Rents $408; Paciflc-st business property.
$3,000— New Richmond flats; every modern. Im-
provement; Geary and Sutro cars few
feet.
$3,000— Rents $408; near Third st; S flne 2ats.
' .NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery st. opp. Mills Building:
QOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.'
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 .MARKET ST.
$14,000— Four modern flats on Fell rt.. near
Buchanan; containing 7 and 8 rooms and bath*
rents $102 50 per month. .
$13,000— Five fiats on Grove st, near Franklin;
lot 27:6x120 feet; rents $131 60 per month.
$3000— Choice residence on Post st, near Lar-
kin; containing 10 rooms and bath; rents for
$52 50 per month; lot 25x120 feet - • '
$8000— Three choice flats on Bush st. near
Scott: containing 6 and 7 rooms and bath; rents
for $60 per month; lot 27:6x137:6 feet.
$7500— Half a block in the Richmond District,
on Twenty-eighth ave. ; close to Point Lobos
ave.: this is a good chance to speculate.
$6500— Two fiats on- Grove st. near T^jwnn.
lot 25x120 feet: rents $50 per month.
$3500— Two flats on Hayes st, near Central
ave.; 6 and 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x100 feet;
rents for $45 per month.
$45(H> — Choice \u25a0 10-room residence on Caps rt..
near Seventeenth; lot 80x123:8 feet - •
$4500— Clay st. near Fillmore; residence of
8 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6 feet. \u25a0 - -
$4000— Two flata on Natoma St.- near Sixth;
lot 25x75 feet; rents for $30 per month.
$3250— Two nice flats on Clara st. near Sixth:
lot 22:6x?0 feet;- rents $28 per month.
, $4000— Twenty- third st, near Bryant; 3 flats
containing 5 rooms and bath each and store
and 2 rcoms; bakery and oven; occupied as a
bakery; lot 50x104 feet; rents $49 per month.
$3250— Choice cottage on Dolores st. near
Twenty-second; containing 5 rooms and bath;
'lot 26x95 feet.
$3000— Choice cottage on Shotwell st., near
TwMity-flfth; containing 5 rooms and bad; lot
25xlJ5 feet. - \u25a0 - -
$1650— Hardy St.. near Sixteenth: choice cot-
tage of 3 rooms and bath; lot 25x73 feet; rented
at present for $12 50 per month. - '
$10CO— Choice lot on Fourteenth st.. near Cas-
tro: lot 25x115 feet; owner anxious to Mil;
make offer.
$700— Choice SE. corner ln the Mission.: lot
23x100 feet.
Further particular* of \u25a0 BOVEE, TOT &
SONNTAQ. •.•'•\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
' 513 California Street
- - IMPROVED. *«-
$18,500— Turk,' near Jones; 27:6x137:8; two J-
story houses. - \u25a0•\u25a0
$8250— Hayes, near Buchanan; 27x35; S flats;
rents $67.
$S0OO— Pacific st, near Powell;' 40x60; store
and 2 flats; rents $69.
$7730— Washington, near Walnut; 84:4^x127:8%;
house of 10 rooms and bath.
$5000— Union place, near Green; 20x58:9; two
houses; rents $41.
$3000— Leavenworth, near Union;. 25x112:6;' 3
new flats; rents $47. -. \u25a0 \u25a0 -. -
$4750— Mason, near Sacramento; 3 flats;' rents
$41 60.
$4300— Union, near Jones; 22:6x120, to rear
street; residence of 7 rooms and bath.
$4500— Corner 28th and Capp; 30x65; 2 houses;
renta $31.
$4200— Clara, near 6th; 25xS0; store and two
flats; rents $46. .
$3330— Clementina st..* near Sixth; 20xS0; house
of 6. rooms and bath; rent $25.
$3000— Scott place r near Broadway; 25x58; six
flats; rents $39. ;
\u25a0 "UNIMPROVED. '
$7000— Broderick, near -O'Farrell; 60x137:8.
$S500-iHaight. near Devisadero; 50x125: -
$5500—Greenwich St.. near Taylor; 45:10x137:1
$5000— Capp st. near 25th: 63x113.
Cor. 19th ave. and Clement: 200x120.
$4500— Cor. Leavenworth and Filbert; EOx$7:6;
will subdivide.
. $4000— Corner- Jones and Filbert sts.: 23x70.
$3500— Fulton st. near Flllmore: 33:«xl37:«. :
$2250— Union st. near Webster: 34:4%xl37:8.
$1600— Union, -near Pierce; 28-4x100.
$1250 each— Polk st, near Chestnut; 3 lots, 27:8
x87*6
$iiio— Octavla st. near Union: 23x59:8.' \'*' '
" $1000-:Sanchez, near ISth;. 23x105. . ' \ .
$S5 a front foot— Mission st., near ISth.
4C0 lots, $200 to $400; terms easy; electric road
passes.. ,.\u25a0'.. .?» i, . , ....
$7000— JUST completed;, artistic bome. finished
in natural oak and ' maple woods; S rooms;
must be seen to be appreciated; Masonic ave.
"and Frederick st. J. STIERLEN/ owner and
builder, on "premises. ' .' " . '. % .> -
FOR sale^-FIne business cor.. 87:6x100; all stone
"curbed and street in order: no more street ex-
c flenses ; \u25a0 $2350. -Hi McAllister st. room 16. •
For "Additional Classified - Adds' Seo
: . J Page Thirty -Four.
MISCELJLANEbtB--^
A— BUYS, sells or" rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
: etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st ,-;\u25a0=:\u25a0
HANDSOME chinchilla j Angora cat,, also . kit-
tens; highest pedigree; reasonable price. 33J.3
gay st. -• •' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' .- ;--.' -.'•-, .:;-,.' - ..-.;- \u25a0'.•.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags- and dress
suit casts. A.' B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st. .
CHEAP,' 4 H. P. gasoline- engine; 2 steam
pumps; air kinds tools. L. Sparber, 546 Mission.'
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT,- 821- Mission at. •
PHOTO bargains-list . No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery st. . ry. .; -
CASH register (Hallwood); brand new; $55; re-
ductlon. -H. F. ALLEN, 202 California st*-.. ]
BIG prices paid for sealskins; full dress & Tux-
edo hutts. Portland Loan Offlce. 23 Stockton.
BOATS, launches, : rowboats carried ln stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.. . ', ; ,
JEWELRY for sale and .made, to order. T,
FERSHTAND, 126 Kearny. st... room 29. y. -
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
• tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post St. ;
GASOLINE engines, airsizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK, Sl^Mlgslo^ st.' -
SAFES— New arid second hand. - THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento St.
ENGINES. and boilers; second-hand machinery.
i J. . BURKE,;. 189 Beale st. \u25a0 ' ,
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, . perfect order. . 216 California st.\
A WEEK'S hews for 5 cents— The' Weekly Call. 1
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
-'\u25a0' '- MISCELLANEOyS WANTS. £gj
WANTED— Second-hand, Edison test; recep-
tacles<ln.good order. Apply box 1476,- Call.
WANTED— Second-hand upright nlano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD, 1706 Market sU
TILTON wants good second-hand- clothing and
theatrical' goods. 154 9th st.; tel. Folsom 2522.
3IONEY TO.LOAA. / .
aX^manhattan loan company.~~~~T~:
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, , town and country, property; second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
"on unsettled i estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. -We ..will purchase
'\u25a0any of above securities. Tel. Red .5024. MAN-
..-.. HATTAN LOAN CO., -7th floor. Crocker bldg.
A NEW idea in' the money-lending business is.
being tried by the Portland Loan Office, 2J
Stockton St.; phone Bush m.~ If you need
money phone us and . the manager of our.
, • loan department will call on. .you and loan
, you money at low rates on your, diamonds,
'7 watches, sealskins, etc., or else you can call
at our office. All,. business confidential.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. '\u25a0''. '
First, second arid third mortgages... ......
Undivided interest in real estate ln probate..
. Mortgages and legacies bought; no . d<-lay
Gfef my terms before doing business elsewhere."
..; ft. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st., room S ;
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and , third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities; manufacturing 'and mer-
cantile Interests; corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E: OLSEN.
$250,000— EASTERN capital to loamat low rat»
on California securities, first or second mort-
gages, city or. town properties, undivided in-
terests in real estate, legacies, etc., also flrst-
class ranch property; will loan as high as 75
. per cent of real value. W.-L. HARPER, 3W
Farrott building. . \u25a0 \u25a0 - . . . . . -
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 .Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages,; estates, etc.; financial
problems- of all sorts and sizes., If your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you n^ed more money'
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.'
ANY proposition ;;any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests; chat-
tel -mortgages, etc. D. J. r HALLORAN,
Adams building. 206 Kearny St.. room 314.
RELIABLE fcorporatlon; established. 1S65, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
9 Grant arc. near Market st; <el.. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private -place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry. Store," 846 Market
st; tel.- Main 1644. Branch 19 Third'st.
A MILLION at 4 per cent; smaller amounts at
6; city or . farm property ; long time; state
' amount desired and location of property. P.
O. box 2073. ;: ,->.;.--\u25a0 .•\u25a0-''•\u25a0-\u25a0-\u25a0 -- .-- . \u25a0 • >\u25a0
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st; phone Red . 1603. - \'.' •\u25a0" •\u25a0 . '
ON real estate,- 1st .-or and mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos without removal; any amount;
' lowest rates. \u25a0J.JBecker & Co.; '26 Montgomery.
$500,000 AT. 6 per cent in sums to suit-in 'city;
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; second.
mortgages. R.J.- MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
CASH loaned to. salaried people on note with-
out indorser or. on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
\u25a0 LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.* by private
party; no removal i no' commission;- confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory, bldg.i S01 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; -,-no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party; 1170 Market st, room 68.
LOANS on. pianos, "furniture, without removal,
libraries, j goods- ln warehouse, etc. ; any amt. ;
. lowest rates; prlv. .Ormsby, 26 Montg., office, 7.
8% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no 'removal;
no commission; private;. Room S.l^ 6 Eddy st
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
• commls.; confidential. Whitehead, 1706 Market. -
ON furniture, pianos; lowest/rate;' n6 removal;
strictly private. LICK, 116 McAllister st. ,-.;
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. \u25a0 302 Montgomery st, rV 1.'
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without I r.dorser ; v other propo-
sltlons. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan. big.
THE TOUSLE Y Company; -loans and ditf-
counts. 321 Parrott building: • \u25a0 \u25a0 -• \u25a0
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern:
. plan. ; Western Loan Co.. 309: Phelan bldg.
V MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. -
AGAIN we remind- you that our piano stock,
• both new and second --hand, is the-- lamest
west- of -Chicago \u25a0 and 'Includes the-most ra- 1
liable makers' to choose from.' New pianos
sold, upon easy payments of $6 per month;
some good pianca for $3, $4 and $5 per month.-
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Stein way dealers,
. corner Kearny ' and Sutter sts San i ran-""
. Cisco; corner Broadway,- and Thirteenth nt.t
'Oakland. - • \u25a0 . ' ' •— . . • --o- —
• ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS— i
Second-hand uprieht pianos from $55' up. ' '
Second-hand square . uianoH from $50 up.
\u25a0 Second-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right Dianos from $175 up. 'BENJ. CURTAJC
& SON, 16 to«20 O'Farrell. Chicksring, Jla-
sort and Ilamltn, : Vose, Sterling pianos. . i
AN -unusual, chance to* get a good piano for a
\u25a0low price, is offered any one who will call on
us at once; we will. show how you can save
-, from $100 to $130 in buying from us; we want
your patronage and are willing; to.-pay for it.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
\ ket st. \u25a0 , . • ;-- - \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0•..' " \u25a0-':'
ALL highest, grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co., sole agents most famous and oldest Amer-
ican makes; easy payments: big allowance for
second-hand pianos; rents $2 up allowed; bar-
gains, $25 up; Stelnways, $185; Chlckerlngs,
' $135; SOothers; agents wanted. 217 Geary. St.,
ANY piano sqld.by us taken back , any time
1 .within 2 yean and full -purchase price al-
lowed on a new . peerless . Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c: a day to buy a
. piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
iQ'Farrell st; established 1850. . ,;, .
A SMALL Weber. upright, $125; elegant walnut
case, Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck,
oak case; Hardman square. $45; organs $25
up. - BOWERS. &\u25a0 SON, 23 Fifth St., IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
A FACT, worth" remembering is . this, you get
\u25a0your money's worth -• whan you buy \u25a0 a piano
from us; we \u25a0 sell the- famous Decker & Son
. and BaumeUter: -cash^or payments. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS .MUSIC CO.. 769 Market at.
A FIRM'S - failure -itb "realize on -account of
-strike has plnoed two carloads of high-grade
, : pianos in storage to be sold- at Eastern I fac-
, tory \u25a0 prices ; second-hand \u25a0 pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market ist. .;. :-u
PIANOS— The. most - modern - and • up-to-date;
Steck. Everett, Conover, . Packard, . Ludwlj,
Hardman and. many others; wholesale and re-
tall. The Wiley B. Allen Co., 938 Market st,
S.F.; (Branch Store. 951 Broadway. Oakland). .
LADY going East "wlir.eell piano; first-class
make; splendid touch and tone; will take no
; less than $140 caBh. :. Box \u25a0 1660, Call offlce. .;
HANDSOME 3-pedal upright; used 6 months;
" sacrifice ; leaving city. : . 602 : Eddy," cor. Hyde.
NEW piano, pianola and music on sale; great
bargain; party going away. ; 217 Geary st..
WANTED— 5 square pianos and organ for coun-
try schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308-10-12 Post;
$25— HERTZ piano ; good for practice ; Schaff er
\ upright., nearly new, $99.. ; 217 Geary: st. ;» -
SUPERIOR violins, : slthers,"old and ' hew. -; H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 -Latham: place. |
8OHMER.' Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,.
. Splelmann pianos. /308 Post st. -..-'-: -
GOOD second-hand upright for. sale cheap.
.SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister. St. y ...;; . c-~ , . '\u25a0\u25a0>.
ELEGANT piano ' as 'good 1 as "new ; ' ' standard
0 make ; ; a , sacriflce. ; ,- Hornung 1 a, 2t6 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE' S, ' 22 ! TurkT at., : ne"ar ' Market—
. Shonlriger.v Schubert "anfl Stelnway "bargains.
. ELEGANT, mw ,upf Ight pianos 'for rent, . $3 : per
t mo. : . SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co- " 560 Hayes,
. REAL' ESTATE^CfTY^FOB ) < SALE.
G. H.-UMBSEN & CO.. ' .''.':;
-.;-.<'., Real Estate Agents, *"
\u25a0 .'' -~ \'\-- •• _'\u25a0\u25a0 14 Montgomery st
$55,000— Reduced from $60,000; rents $4110 per
; '. . . annum;- choice corner on -Kearny st,
short distance from Market.
$36,000— Choice corner on Van Ness ave.: old
', v ., improvements; rents nominal; would
-'".. a "yield handsomely If properly improved;
. i-".\ 60x109:9. -, - \u25a0 • \u25a0
$27,500— Rents' $2484 per annum; Howard st,
\u25a0 ; J 'near Fourth;, splendid investment; lm-
' « : . . provements consist of 9 flats of ' 6-5
rooms each and 2-story house of 12
: rooms; 50x155; two .frontages; bank
' mortgage of $21,0<)O can remain. /
$17,000— Rents $2016 per. annum;, near Sixteenth
\u25a0 \u2666 and Mission its. ; 12 flats of 4-5 rooms
and bath- each; brick foundation; ce-
rnept walks; street bituminlzed; these
fiats are" never vacant.^ '
$16,000— Rents $1200 per annum: Leavenworth
\u25a0st, near Ellis; 2 three-story houses of
9 rooms and bath each; steadily rented;
• 37:6x77:8, with L 3x20. " , -
$10,000— Sacramento st, near. Franklm; one oX
- -the choicest residence locations;; 2-story
\u25a0- . house of 10 rooms and bath; an ideal
., location for flats; 20x137.
$3.000-V-Rents $710 per annum, which is low;
Oak St., only a short distance from
1 • Market st. ; 3 substantial bay-window
flats of 7 rooms and bath each; brick
• ~ foundation, etc.; -30x120 to rear street
$9,000— Rents JS40 per annum; Green St., near
- Powell; 3 modern flats and rear houses;
- *;S3:7xl37:6.
$S,500— Rents $900 per annum; Pierce st, close
to DubocePark; 3 desirable flats of 6-7
. rooms and bath each,- with rear cottage
of 6 rooms' and bath; brick foundation,
etc.; 25x125.- ' .
$8,200— Rents $630 per annum; choice corner on
Pine, st ; ' 2 bay-window flats -of fr;7
• rooms and bath each; in perfect order;
27x87:6. ; T . - ' \u25a0 ' •
$7,000— Rents $768 per annum; corner on Mason
st. ; good building consisting of store
' and flat. - - ' ' *
$5,500— Oak St.; 2 substantial flats of -5-6 rooms
and bath each; brick foundation; ce-
ment walks, etc. ; rented at present at
\u25a0 $37 per month; rents can be easily in-
\u25a0 --->* -. creased, i.- \u25a0 -
$3,800— Twenty-fourth at, near Castro; coxy
j- bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; brick foundation, etc.; large gar-
; den; 55x114; bank mortgage of $2000 can
remain; bargain.
$2 r 500— Close to Ninth and Harrison sts.: 4 flats
of 3-6 rooms and bath each; brick foun-
-- dation;' 25x85.
Send for our Real Estate Record, con-
taining a list of properties' for sales in
all ' of the city. f
Latest Pocket. Map of San Francisco,
25 cents. - - - \u25a0 /
G. IT. UMBSEN & CO.,
;, , J4 Montgomery st.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., •
\u25a0 '14 Montgomery st.
• . AUCTION ... ,
. AUCTION
AUCTION '. ' . . ' - .
, auction ;\u25a0*•/ • »
• auction ..'v \u25a0
AUCTION '
At our salesroom. MONDAY. Oct. ,23th, 1901.
at 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREE SALE.
The following three properties' to be' offered
by order of Gustave H7 Umbsen, referee, sub-
ject to confirmation by the court: '.
No. £
Nos. 32 to 34}J Moss st, bet. 6th and 7th,
Howard and Folsom sts. ; tenements of 6 and
3 rooms each; rents $75 per month; lot 43x80.
-....' - No. 2.. .
' No. 455 A, B, C.D, E Tehama st, bet. 6th
and - 6th sts. ; 6 tenements . of 3 and 4 rooms
each; rents $60 per, month; lot 25x80.
No. 3.
No. 4373 24th st.. SE. cor. Hoffman ave.;
cottage of 5 rooms, with stable; rents $10 per
month; lot 125x110.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
Nos. 7G0-762 Hayes st. north line, bet Bu-
chanan and Webster sts. ; 2 bay-window flats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath each; stable on rear
street; rents $57 50 per month, which ore low;
bank mortgage of $5500 at 6 per cent can re-
main; lot 25x120 to Ivy a-ve.
. \ CHOICE MISSION itESIDENCE.
No) 1406 Guerrero Bt, near 26th; elegant resi-
dence of 13 rooms and bath, with large
grounds; can be readily converted into flats at
t-mall outlay and made a good paying invest-,
ment; lot 50x135, Irregular.
• CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
No. 813 Pacific st. and 1220 Powell St.: SE.
1 cor.: 3 stores and lodging-house; rents $95 per
''month; three mortgages. ***-. - "'\u25a0\u25a0 ,
-\u25a0 NATOMA-ST. INVESTMENT.
j Nos. 415-417 Natoma st, bet. 5th and 6th sts.;
improvements, 2 houses, 2 flats and 2 cottages
of 2-4-5 rooms each: rents $63 per month; lot
£0x80. '"• • ' . .-- •
s MARY MEAGHER ESTATE.
' ' Executor Sale. '. " •'.'
• SE. cor. Ellis and Broderick sts.t i flats of
4-5 rooms each; rents $42 per month; lot 37:6x
137:6; subject to confirmation by the court
- B. TURRE ESTATE. -
The following three properties must be sold
by order of legatees: -.- -'.-•. -
. -•: . .. :. i, ; . No. -1.. f \u25a0<\u25a0
Nos. 105-5% Devlsadero st, bet Waller and
Haight Bts.:: 3 bay-window, flats of -5 and 6
rooms and bath each; rents $43 SO per month;
-fot --23X100. --- -r— :—-.— -— j-.-.i-'.sm«. :--,-..' '
. -: • . .- rKo-S. ... \u25a0
. No. 639 . Commercial St.. . bet Kearny and
Montgomery sts.; 2-story frame building; rents
$17 50 per month. , ,i -/• \u25a0:\u25a0
• \u25a0 ' v N °- • *!'f "" .
No.' 502 Stockton at, bet Bush and Pine sts.:
3-story and basement - brick .bulldlzur of 14
rooms; rents $64 per month, which is low.
. X GUSTAV WALTER ESTATE.
'. : Administratrix Sale.
" The following three properties 'must be sold
to close the estate: . x : . \u25a0
; No. 1. ' '\u25a0 *;.-?
.'27th »t.. north line. bet. Church and San-
chez sts.; building lot 53:4x114.
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 •••\u25a0•- No. J.
-Part of outside land block 1186, fronting on
14th ave.; U st and San Miguel Rancho.
. . . No. 3.
Part of outsic» land block .1186. fronting on
14th ave.. V st. and San Miguel Rancho. ;
For i further particulars apply to- '
G. H. UMBSEN- & CO..
14 Montsomery st.
MADISON & BURKE, ,
- .- ' Established January. 1858. ' '
\u25a0:-\u25a0\u25a0.' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 , REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
,' t .626. Market st. opp. Palace Hotel.
Eddy st. inside tof ' Hyde : ' large rooming-"'
bouse; steady income; 25x137:6; $16,000 asked.
$19,500— Large residence .on the Geary-st. hlli,
inside of Octavla; 18 rooms; sun on all sides;
large lot
J625O— Clay^st, near Buchanan; 9 rooms and
bath; in good order; 27:2x127:8. *
Only $4500— Sunny side. Nineteenth •'st,""rear
Valencia; 8 rooms; rents' $25; lot 23xS5.
$SSOO — Very cheap . corner ; Church and Valley
sts.; store and flats; rents $36; only $3S00.' ;
$3500— Two flats; Clinton Park; near Dolores
: st. ; rents $3iO per year. . - .
J30C0— A nice sunny home; north line Bush St.,
near Devisadero; 7 rooms and bath; lot 24x137:6.
$3500 — Twenty-sixth, near Castro; two flats;
rents '$27: lot 25x114. ; '-*,-.
I $2800— Mission home; ColllngWood st, near
Nineteenth; cottage and large lot 65x125. .
$2750— Sanchez st, NW. corner: Jersey; cot-
tage of 4 rooms; lot SOxlOO.
\u25a0 $2000— Nice cbttage'home on Nineteenth' st.
near Eureka; modern, 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x75.- • \u25a0 •\u25a0 - \u25a0 • . \u25a0"•
'"\u25a0 $4000— Valencia st, -near Twenty-fifth; partly
improved; 36x90 to an alley.
$c;co— Seventeenth St., near Dolores; 4 flats;
rents $59; lot 36:6x57:6; offered low to force
sale.' .•.-\u25a0\u25a0' MADISON A BURKE.
>•- ' . .; .626 Market 'gt
HEADQUARTERS . FOR PARK LOTS.
Our bargains In Sunset attract many buyers.
Choicest graded lots wltn splendid view of
ocean and park from $500 to' $900; $10 monthly.
$100 to $350— Don't miss seeing our new level
Ocean Boulevard Lots! '. Installments. -
Call at Sunset. Branch Office, 9th ave., near
H st, every day or Sunday, v ...
$400 to $800— SNAPS!, IN RICHMOND LOTS.
,60 Lots; $200 to $250" each ;. installments.
A CHANCE IN A LIFETIME!!
\u25a0 - • . \u25a0\u25a0 Secure Lever Building Lots'-/.
In the Excelsior Homestead. \u25a0 \u25a0
Near Mission Street Electric Car*. -'-^
E0 per cent lower than lots sold - there.
80 minutes' ride from Chronlcle'building.
CALL AT ONCE FOR DIAGRAMS.
$850, " $1000 to $2500— 4-room cottages, easy
terms. ; ; \u25a0 ' \u25a0' . , ' -. . . -r« - ...*.:
' ';\u25a0>\u25a0 " * SOL GETZ & BROTHER, '
..... ., Room; 54...- Chronicle building.
HAWKS & SKELTON.'. -- .
Rents "Collected , and Entire Charge Taken '
-• . , \u25a0 . .x . -of Property.- - •'
$6500— Good investment; O'Farrell st to rear
street near Laguna; rents $50; steady renting
property. .., ' . "- '«- . \u25a0 *' .
$3250— Flats; Hartford, near Twentieth and
Castro; 4 and 5 rooms; rents $330 per annum;
a flne investment' . "•
$4250— Lot ' north ; side Page st , near ' Baker;
30x137:6; overlooking 'park; choice for home or
flats. . - — ~ . .-. \u25a0 • *\u25a0 '• : - ". .' - : "\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ; •
- $5000— Corner Page . and Laguna - sts. ; 35x100;
flne location i for home or flats. \u25a0'... •• . \u25a0'-
- Choice lots; Hyde and Francisco sts. ; 15 min-
utes from eur offlce; superb view of bay; cor-
ner; 35x112; $3500; Inside lots. $1750. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.
$3000— Lot on south side of Chestnut st, west'
of Hyd<»: 27:6x110: flne viewof bay.- - ; '
- $650O : -Lot NW, Hyde and Filbert sts.; 60x137;
fine Site for building .with every .room -sunny;
good j view south; also bay .view, from" upper
• HAWKS & SKELTON. ' 323 Montgomery st. '
$2400^-5 ROOMS and bath; easy terms; 818 Eliza-
beth. near Douglass..' J. 'ANDERSON. ; builder.
WE have ; cash buyers for- improved property.-
::DONNELLY i;CO.: «32.Market St.' , .-.?.'> -THE SAN FRANOISCO CALL£ SUNDAY,: OCTOBER 1901
34
REAL ESTATE— CITr— FOR r SALES.
EAfiTON. ELDRIDGE &" CO.. --."
.; »_ • ; 628 Market street
. ' SPECIAU
Leavenworth-st. Flats. \u25a0 "• •
$12,600— Three elegant modern flats, 6, 6, S rooms
and bath, and 2 rear flats. 4 rooms and
bath each, bringing in a monthly rental
of $112 SO; this property is . modern In
every respect, desirable, well" located
and In demand; two frontages; must be
eeen to be appreciated.
DOWXTOWN PROPERTY. \u25a0
Mission St., inside of Seventh. -
114,000— Southeast line of Mission st.. near new
postoffice; frontage of 35 feet; lmprove-
• merits 2 houses. 7 rooms and bath each;
property In this block recently sold for
$600 per front foot.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
New and Modern. -
pj,O0IMrhree elegant new flats containing 6,
T. 7 rooms and bath; north elde of
street ; thoroughly modern; Just com-
pleted . and renting for $120 per month,
• -.\u25a0--'\u25a0 • or 1 per cent; a silt-edge proposition
lor parties wishing a permanent invest-
ment; key lot 25x137:6 feet.
XEW MODERN HOME.
$>S,T50— .TJTp-to-date residence of 7 rooms; tiled
mantels, electric lighting, domed ceil-
ings, etct absolutely perfect v and a
magnificent new home; near Halght
and Steiner Ets.; lot 25x90 feet. .
MORRIS- AVH. FLATS.
#$,000 — Four fine flats ot 4, £ rooms each; in
the best renting portion of this district;
pays $552 per annum; will subdivide;
lot 40x75 feet
GUERRERO-ST. FLATS.
43.690— Seduced from $4500: 2 fine flats of 4-5
rooms and bath each; on the best block
of Guerrero st and In the heart of
the Mission warm belt; rents for $372
per annum; lot 24x105 feet.
_ VALLEJO-ST. FLATS.
#S.88O— Two -m-«U-built flats of 4-5 rooms and
bath each; Vallejo st, near Larkln;
always rented; and pays' over. 10 per'
ce&t per annum.
• • ' '
FAYS OVER 30 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
Only SSOO cash required; 4 well-built
Cats,-J rooms each. In good condition;
modern plumbing; this is a bargain that
cannot be duplicated. • \
; MODERN MISSION COTTAGES.
AT TOUR OWN PRICE.
. - OX TOUR OWN TERMS. \u25a0 V
\\ v FIVE SOLD THIS WEEK.
.•'•'\u25a0 ;. "We have over 60 cottages In all parts
Cf the Mission; call and get a list.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
> ________ 63S Market street
LYON & HOAG, ~~~
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
$20,000— A large corner lot. 57:6xS7:6; close to
town, east of Jone*, not far from Post;
with good house of 12 rooms and bath;
splendid location for hotel.
T4.500— Rent $42; two fine modern flats, 5 and
< rooms, bath, etc., each; in splendid
repair; always rented; large lot 25x114;
worth more. * \^_^—
?",139— f'jw'j cash, balance $30 monthly; a brand-
new 2-story house, containing 6 rooms'
and bath and finished basement; all
rooms handsomely decorated and tinted;
flne mantels; reversible window sashes;
lot 25x120. best house in Sunset district.
_ couth of Golden Gate Park.
$3,750— Rent $40; two splendid bay-window
flats, near Park Panhandle; contain 5
and 6 rooms and bath each; lot 25x100;
m c~. £**. iB a Ereat bie bargain. 1
$33,600— Choice business property within 3 blocks
\u25a0 .-.- of City Kail: a large corner lot, 55x95,
with Improvements In splendid repair;
conslstlug of 3 stores and flats above;
always rented for $200.
TS.O0O— Howard st.. near Twenty-fourth; a dou-
ble house of 7 rooms -and bath each;
rents $45; lot 60x122; 30 feet of lot unim-
proved; foreclosure sale; must be sold
at once.
112,000— Page Et, close to Park; 3 handsome
new flats, containing 7 rooms and bath
each: total rente. $112 50; key lot; com
manding abundance of light and sun.
$6,250 — A handsome up-to-date home on Maple
st, near Clay; Presidio Heights; 7 large
sunny rooms,- bath, etc.; key lot:
25x112:6. ,
$6,760— Fine bay-window flat3 on Buchanan st;
contain 6 and 6 rooms and- bath; sub-
stantially built; always rented; splendid
neighborhood.
510,000— Rent $107 50; three brand-new flats in
splendid location in Western Addition;
/ contain 7 rooms, bath. etc. each; lot
25x100; best interest paying proposition
on the market.
$4,000— Guerrero st,, near Twenty-seajnd; 2
flats, 4 and 5 rooms; rent $35; always
rented; good location; good building.
Send for our complete printed list of prop-
erty for sale In all parts of the city.
LYON & HOAG,
. 114 Montgomery st
F. B. ECRRTHNB, '
REAL ESTATE " AGENT.
138 Montgomery Street
BUCHANAN ST., NR. GOLDEN GATE AVE.
$3500— Three modern flats of 6 rooms each;
rents J70 per month; lot 31x51.
MODERN RESIDENCE NEAR THE PARK.
. $6750— Two-story new modern residence ; 8
rooms and £>ath: lot 25x87:6.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS COTTAGE HOME.
$3250— Laurel Et, near Sacramento: nice mod-
ern cottage of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x112:6;
etreet bitumlnized; easy terms if desired
GREEN-ST. MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
$9500 — Modern residence of 9 rooms and bath;
lot 60x120; unobstructed marine -view.
PAGE-ET. BARGAIN LOT. ~
52000— Page Et. near Lj-on; 25x100; a snap.
RENTS $1224 PER ANNUM, PRICE $14,000.
Noe Bt.. near .Market; € flat* of 5 roon*
each; lot £1x96.
- - $15,000— RENTS $1530 PER ANNUM.
Three elegant new modern flats; Page st;
key lot. 25x155; gilt edge Investment.
ASHBURY-ST. MODERN HOME.
$10,000— Ashbury st. close to the Park: beau-
tiful modern residence of 10 rooms and bath-
lot 27:6x137:6.
CORNER ON EIGHTH ST., SHORT DIS-
TANCE FROM MARKET.
$12,000— Store and lodging house and 2 flats
in the rear; total rental $90 per month; lot
25xS5: fine corner for grocery-'
GUERRERO ST., NEAR MARKET.
$7500— Modern residence of 10 rooms and hcth;
lot 27:6x117: choice neighborhood; owner having
left the city has given instructions to sell the
property: make an offer.*
BARTLETT-ST. BEAUTIFUL HOME.
$7500— Modern cottage home; - 10 rooms and
bath; lot 6Sxll7:6; In the Mission warm belt.
TWENTY-FIFTH-ST. CHEAP RESIDENCE.
$2700— Twenty-fifth St., near Valencia; 2-story
house of 6 rooms and bath: lot 22x100; mort-
gage of $2000 can remain if desired; must be
Bold. . . •
GOLDEN GATE AVE. SNAP.
$S50— Nice building lot; 25x100.
BARGAINS AT ~T~ '
OSCAR HETMAN'S,
14 POST BT.
\u25a0 FIRST WEEK FIVE LOTS.
SECOND WEEK THREE LOTS, . ' -* -
And now only two of those Folsom st. lots left
for sale. They have cement walks, streets
graded and sewered, and cars pass directly In
front of, the lots. You can buy them on easy
monthly payments. ,- ; /
JUST FINISHED AND READY TO MOVE
INTO. • ..
That 6-room cottage on California ave. ; %
block from Mission Et. and directly In back of
Mission-st. car bouse. You can buy this ele-
j rant home., with a small payment down, and
the balance In easy monthly payments. It beats
paying rent to the landlord.
2 lots for $59 each, on $5 monthly payments;
near Mission st.
A Bryant st. bargain— S-room cottage with
driveway, on Bryant fit, near Ninth; on easy
terms. . "..
Building lots on easy monthly payments close
to Twenty-second-st, car. line.
$12 SO a month will buy a 4-room cottage and
level lot 1 block from Foleom-st. cars.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
Loans at S.per cent
7TH FLOOR, CROCKER BUILDING.
Phone Red 6024.
$500 cash, balance $650 at 6 per cent; level lot
etreet finished; sunny side of Church «t, be-
tween 17th and 18th; cheapest lot In the dis-
trict; will loan full cost of improvements.
• 9700 cash, balance $2300; bank- mortgage; lot
£1x125: Valencia Et.. near 26th; 6-room cottage;
good locality vf or flats; a bargain.
WfU loan parties having vacant lots the full
cost el improvements at S per cent.
EXCHAKGES. u --.; v /C'-'-i'-
11200— Equity ln~ two new ' flats, rented for
t25, rood locality, for city or Oakland im-
proved or unimproved, country or town prop-
erty; -will pay cash difference.
$7000— Equity in modern 12- room residence on
the sunny side of Pine et, near Octavia st,
large lot fine gronnds. for city or Oakland,
country or town^ property.
MANHATTAN . LOAN CO..
• *\u25a0 7th floor. Crocker bnlldlng.
"WHY pay rent when you can buy a new cot-
tage of 4 or 6 rooms and bath same as paying
rent See D. COFFIN, at cigar store. Twenty-
ninth and Mission Ets. .
COTTAGE. 4 rooms and one of 2 rooms; 60x150;
462 Douglass ct, near 21st; must be sold. Call
after 2 p. m., or at 310 Noe st
WANT to hear from eotne one with real estate
firm who • -wants to go In for himself. . Box
•M4L Call office. . .. .V..--. _,v. :- .
$500 CASH, $20 monthly, buys elegant six-room
and bath homes In Mission Warm * Belt.
\u25a0 HENRY FEIGE, builder and owner,. 1068
Capp Bt- . \u25a0 . t . \u25a0•.-;-.'>\u25a0•-.• - .-";\u25a0 ...
BARGAIN— Cottage for sale; very easy terms.
Stoneman et, near i Folsom.
BERKELETT ADYERT1SEMENTS
''\u25a0-; ; BERKELET REAL : ESTATE^ .
i $450— LOT 60x170; $100 down, $10 ',per : month ; • 4
, blocks to station and electric cars; .cheapest
property in town. ; ,- * '..- \u25a0
~ ; $1200— 4-room new.' cottage ; \ west front; $300
down, $10 75 per month pays 1 principal and in-
terest.' . \u25a0 ' .- v. •--_-;.--' .,:':\u25a0•-\u25a0.--:
.-\u25a0•\u25a0 $1800— 6-room house, new, : ; in .growing part 'of
town; small payment down and easy monthly
Installments. . .-:• \u25a0'\u25a0..'•\u25a0
: $U00— Lot in a fine neighborhood; this is a
bargain. - '•--.- : •--'..• ,- ..
••, $3600— Beautiful ' 6-room house; up to date In
every respect; 2 blocks from Berkeley station.
$6500— 17-room boardlrig-house;' well 'situated;
Iot>50xl30. .-. S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
' '\u25a0• « .Opp. First National Bank.-
$2500 — A BANK sale; new, modern ' two-story
house of . 7 ' rooms \u25a0 and enamel > bath ; lot 40x
. 155; : $100 'cash, -balance' $25 \u25a0 per*/ month, ' ln-
."> eluding interest at 8 per cent; sunny side' of
the. street; street- work all complete; cement
sidewalks laid; one-half • block - from electric
* cars; • - 10 minutes' - walk .\u25a0 from . University
grounds; liberal \u25a0 discount 'for- cash. •
GEO.W. AUSTIN,- & CO..
'.> . . 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
WILL ; THIS TEMPT YOU? ,
. $3000 will buy . a fine two-story house and
lot. , near ' the station on 'the sunny side of
the street; street work . all done; to any. one
buying . this v property during the coming
week, I will give as a bonus a fine corner
' lot, . 60x100, , adjoining; the above; mind you,
there la no mistake, will give you the. lot
free if you buy the house and lot. Apply to
JOS. J. MASON, adjoining P. O., Berkeley
'\u25a0\ station. .... . ' , \u25a0 \u25a0 ., ,". .. •- . \u25a0 . v- \u25a0 ' ' 7 - • .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
\u25a0 Call. 16 pages, ' tent to any address ln-the
,; BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
$28— NICE furnished cottage, 7 rooms, stable.
NW/ cor. Grove and Blake st3., Berkeley.
FRUITYALEADYERTISEMENTS
.; FRUIT VALE REAL ESTATE.
$3000 — NEW. house of .7 • rooms and porcelain
bath; in perfect order; large lot, -37x120 feet;
"cement basement; open plumbing; 3 blocks
from. local trains; K.O feet from electric cars;
$250 cash... balance- $25 per month, Including
- interest at 8 per. c-ent. .
\u25a0 - " GEO. W. AUSTIN & CQ..
1008 .Broadway, Oakland..
$350— DEERING tract; "lots 50x123; sewer and
city water; prettiest residence lots in Fruit-
vale.- \u25a0 . , ...
$950— Fruitvale-avei. lots, \u25a0 50x135; adjoining
$1250 lots; only 5 minutes' walk from station.
\ $4500— A beautiful .' home; large grounds;
1 will take acreage as part payment. . See H.
\u2666 VV. DAVIS.. Frultvale ave., a block from sta-
tlOn. \u25a0:'\u25a0.\u25a0,.;. • ' •\u25a0\u25a0 ; \u25a0
OAKLAND ADYERTISEM ENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
i OAKLAND REAL INSTATE.
$250O-^-A BANK SALE— $2500.-. .
$100 down and easy monthly payments, will
.' buy a cozy, nearly new modern colonial cot-
tage of 6 rooms, bath, hall, brick foundation,
with folding doors and sanitary plumbing; lot
30x100 feet; above the street grade with nice
open lawn, stone ' walks and; all street Im-
provements; Insured for $2000 and all In flne
..condition; electric cars In /front; handy to
Adeline Rt. station; location very desirable;
near schools and churches; liberal discount
for all- cash. • .
- • GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
' ' \u25a0 . . ' . 1003 Broadway. Oakland. .
$1800— IN Piedmont; modern Eastlake cottage" of
5 large rooms; 2 bay-windows; bath; laundry;
high basement; lot 50x110 feet; sunny side;
elevated ground; choice location; right near
the cars; will be sold on monthly payments
if desired. .
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
... 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
WE have for sale within 3' minutes' walk of
. the City. Hall 3 houses ranging' in size from
5 to 7 rooms In different locations; all central
and very -desirable, and in flrst-class condi-
tion; well rented for $15 to $22 30 per month;
price $2500 each;- full and detailed description
of each one will be furnished on application.
GEO. W. AUSTIN 4 CO..
\u2666\u25a0 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$2500— BRAND- new two-story house of eight
rooms and bath; all modern; lot 40x150 feet;
' street work complete; one block from elec-
tric cars; house insured for $2300; $10U cash;
balance $30 per month. Including interest.
GEO. W. AUSTIN &. CO.,
. .. .1008 Broadway, Oakland.'
$800— PLAIN but cozy cottage of 5 rooms; good
condition; sunny side; -close to San Pablo
. : ave. electric cars ; street \u25a0 work all done ; in-
sured for $800; policy paid for three years iu
.advance goes with the place; title perfect;
terms can be arranged ; would rent - for $8 lo
$10 per month; look this up; owner on prem-
ises. ' ; ' . ' .- V
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
;.- ' ' \u25a0\u25a0 1008 Broadway. Oakland. •
$3000— LARGE comfortable cottage in good con-
dition; lot 50x250 feet (note the size); fronting
two streets; all street work ' complete ; good
stable; chicken yard;- chicken 'houses; iruit
trees; flowers; vegetable garden; . one block
from San Pablo ave.; good location; land
alono worth the money; cost $5000; well rented
now;.. Insured for $1600 three years In ad-
vance, Included; taxes paid to date; title per-
fect; no mortgage; for a big sacrifice see
'. this at once; terms can be arranged. *-- /
GEO. \V. AUSTIN & CO., '
.' , ' . 100S Broadway, Oakland.
JlSOO-^-SACRIFICE for a quick sale; comfort a-
k ble modern Eastlake cattage with bath, dou-
ble bay-v.-indow. hall, high basement and
brick foundation; lot 43xiuo 'feet, (note the
slze);r very sunny; half- block from public
park; 3 minutes' walk from Clinton station;
very select residence ; location; neighborhood
and surroundings the very best; street work
complete and stone. walks laid; house alone
is insured, for $1750; rents for $15 per month;
must bo seen to' be- appreciated; never before
I' offered for sale; a special . bargain and will
stand a close investigation. ' •
•GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
..- : ,'" '-\u25a0'-.-. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
A— SPECIAL list; investigation: solicited.'-,
$22,500^ — Magnificent home sacrificed; 1 yr. old.
. $13,500— Lakeside residence; formerly $20,000.
$16,500— Mortgage: $8500; sacrifice; Haywards
ranch.' , \u25a0„,,• - - - % .... - . .
, $5000— Rents $50 month ; . choice modern flat.' '
$6850— Choicest home In Piedmont for price.
' $2500— Mtg.- $2008; new 6 rooms; cor.. 65 ft.
$2350— Bank sale; " $250 cash; Adeline station.
$2600— Neat .7-room ' cottage; . 21st- and Tele-
graph. ; ' . \u25a0 ' -
$1000— Magnificent lot,' 50x150;' formerly $2500..
$1250— Mortgage $900;. cozy 5-room home; East
Oakland station.' : .~-./ . .-
1 i $1000— Cottage. 5 r. ; Market sta. ; rent • $11.
\u25a0 LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
- : ! >-460 and 4C2 Eighth St., Oakland.
ABSOLUTE sacrifice: $7250; recent cost $9000;
.includes $800 worth 4 months old carpets; ele-
•gant home, 8 rooms; • latest interior decora-
. tions; flne mantels; gas grates; electric appli-
ances; Ideal home; neat and clean; barn; 60x
240; double front; near Senator Perkins, Ver-
non Heights; choicest neighborhood; mortgage
* $5000; big bargain; appreciated if seem in-
• -vestigate-at once.-* . ." . \u25a0 " . . , ' '
... LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,'
Exclusive agents, 460 and 462 8th St., Oakland.
$18,50(^-FINEST. business corner In the grow-
ing, city of Berkeley;, old Improvements. pro-'
: duce . $900 1 per annum ; a choice contract we
. have secured; this corner, will be worth $50,000
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
•Vg 460 and 463 Eighth' St.. Oakland.'
$300 CASH. s $40 month; only 1 left of 5 elegant
; 8-rocm homes in the choicest location In Oak-
land; to see is. to buy; why. pay rent?. See
immediately.- : '-•':•-.
, .LAYMANCE. REAL ESTATE CO.; ,
. I .. 460 j and 462 Eighth st:,* Oakland. .
$25,000— A. magnificent Oakland , residence, : clear,
j for San ' Francisco business property and ; pay
difference. . '•\u25a0...•-.: -'.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0--'. -..\u25a0\u25a0^' . : c \u25a0.. .
• $30,000— Incumbrance $12,500; flne ;\u25a0 Oakland
• business block for dear ranch property.- j ;
' $5000-^Contra', Casta Improved | ranch ; • Oak-
, land 6 miles; for. Oakland home.*- . : - •
gj I $16.500— Incumbrance $8500; magnificent Hay-
wards • fruit ranch; cost • $25,000; for some
j ' money ' and clear property. \u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 - l
'\u25a0"'-, LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
; . - 460 and 462 Eighth st., Oakland..
i . HANDSOME \u25a0 new \u25a0 Colonial ', house of . 9 ; . rooms,
I laundry, bath, : furnace-room, etc; everything
- - modern and up • to date : -\u25a0 gas ; - '• and * electric
,.' lighting ; Nob » Hill -' of : East ' Oakland,' r over-
looking beautiful grounds of F. M., Smith; ;1
block from car line treasonable terms to right
party. . - ' GEO. • B. M. GRAT,- . '
.-.'*''* "" ..-.--. '.;;.\u25a0-.. 454 Ninth st
$3500— A SACRIFICE; elegant house of 8 rooms,
laundry : and ibath: modern In every particular; 1
' plate-glass,. windows:; beautiful lawn and
garden: good lot: on, one of. Oakland's promi-
- nent .; thoroughfares: • this -. property >ls- worth
$4500;. $500 down, and balance on time.. 'jr-- \u25a0
. ;.. : i i >GEO.TB.''M.-ORAT,'V«'<
.-I.'^-' i-.r-.v \u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0•--\u25a0\u25a0-"-•\u25a0 -\u25a0\*.- 454 'Ninth ; st. -y
! FROM $100 1 to $500 down, balance i about what
\u25a0-..you are now' paying for rent, will buy a good
modern : cottage t of . 6 ; rooms, 1 bathroom,-' laun-" 1
'dry," 6-foot basement ; lot 60 feet . front ; 'street
..work all' doner'owner is a non-resident andis
1 only here, forf one week to close this up; total
-prlce:only $1500; this is a snap: close to San
j Pablo ave. Call at. the office and we will take
' you out and -show, it* to you. JAS.'S. NAI-
SMITH,; 471. Twelfth* st., i bet.' Broadway. and
-Washington. <• ' • ; . :
FARM, 1 100 acres. -'Alameda . County; .well . im-
\u25a0-: proved . and .bearing : orchard ; I clear; - will rent.
'sell or exchange for city Improved. .-'w\- x .-:.-. - -
\u25a0 WYMAN LAND CO., 1137 E. 14th St.,
' " •" Near 23d ave.7 Oakland."
REAL ' ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE."
j-X \u25a0 . \u25a0 -. \u25a0- \u25a0 •-.-;:.: "-'\u25a0- \u25a0 \u25a0"
O. D. BALDWIN & SON;
• • • »; .^22. MONTGOMERY ST.
$11,000— Finest northeast corner v lot on Presidio
\u25a0 \u25a0 " 'Heights; 37:6x127:8; magnificent marine
'view. \u25a0 . . .\u25a0 ' • ;;-". : ' *\u25a0"-\u25a0\u25a0
$10,000^-Rents ', $97 50; 3 new flats of 6, 6 and 7
. rooms and bath; all the latest improve-
ments; Park' Panhandle district. ,-' '
$10,000— Very choice lot near Sutter. and Taylor
\ sts.; 33 feet frontage;, will pay 12 per
cent net if improved. :•> .' ' "S ;
$8500— Rents $80; 2 fine modern flats *of « and
\u25a0 l '=., r .9 rooms and bath. each; on Devisadero
\st., jjear Washington; Iot-25xll0. -.,:
$7500— Attractive modern j residence, 9 rooms,
• bath, furnace, etc., on Baker st., near
/ ' "Fulton; lot 25x100. ' ''
, $4500— Rents $42; '3-story bay-window build-
ing on Powell st.. near Clay; always
rented; first story of brick; bank jnort-'
'. gage of $3000 can remain.
$4250— A bargain; house of* 7 rooms and. bath
en Washington st., near Devisadero; lot
. 25x127:8; bank mortgage of- $3000 can
remain. 1 - - s ' \u25a0 • .- C- \ '. \u25a0-
$3500— Rents $42; 4 flats of 4 rooms each on
\u25a0 Clementina -St., near Ninth; always
rented; pays W per cent net. •-, ' '\u25a0
$3250— Fine residential lot on Laguna st., near
Pa=e; 25x100. - ' ' " \u25a0'-\u25a0'\u25a0
$200O-^Rents $24; near Folsom and Seventh
sts.; 3 flats;' lot 23 feet frontage.
$12,000 — Rents $95 and can be. raised;. 3 elegant
' flats and 'large - lot > on Scott st.,near
-California. '- ' .- , -• : ,
$12,500— Howard st.. between Third and Fourth,
north side; 43xSO; 2 brick houses; 'rents
• $60; this property -is bound to enhance
' - ' in: value. ' \u25a0. ' \u25a0
$8JO0— Folsom st., near Sixth; 25x100; 3-story
building, store and 2 flats; always rent-
' ed at $60 per month. . , : . '
$3250^ — Two nice flats of 5' and- 6 rooms and
bath each; rents $50; a bargain. 1
J5C0O — Two flats on . north side of Bush st.,
near Webster; 27x77:6. l
$S00 each— 3 lots on Norfolk st; off Folsom,
between Eleventh and Twelfth.
$500— Castro st.. near Fifteenth; lot 25x48; a
snap. - ' .-
$1200— Fifteenth st., between Noe and Castro;*
24x?O; Etreet accepted: - concrete side-
walks. •' '• ..,-.\u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0 . : \u25a0 ' -
$1500— NE. corner Fifteenth and Castro sts.;
24x90; street bitumlnized; concrete side-
walks. • ~ ' .
. $3500 — A- dead bargain; Folsom St., near
Eleventh; lot 86x75 and good house of
' 10 rooms and bath. \u25a0 \u25a0 . .
' 13800— NE. corner Folsqm and -Norfolk sts. ;
38x75; suitable for stores and flats.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. ' ' C67 Market st.
Opposite Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.-
JI2.0CO. ' ,--,.-,
Downtown Investment; rents $4000 annually; 5
years' lease to one tenant guaranteed; mort-
gage $18,000; positively pays 8 per cent net.
$42,000.
Post-st. corner; downtown; fine 3-story build-
ing; 4 stores; rents $240; 67-ft. front.
. \u25a0 • • •'. ' $35,000.- ' \u25a0
Mission St., near Fourth: splendid brick struc-
ture; elevator; good high basement; rent
$250; one tenant.
• $35,000. . : .
Corner close to Mercantile Library; lot 85x120;
3 frontages; rent $205; . can be increased to
.$400." ' ", ' , •
$30,000. ;'• r >
Eddy st., near Jones; 48 feet frontage; frame
improvements; this is a quick seller.
. $19,500.
Modern improvements; lot 72x137:6; rented at
$170. ' . " \u25a0 .
$16,500.
Panhandle corner; 2 new buildings; rents $142;
lot 37x115 feet. \u25a0
$15,000. \u25a0
Leavenworth-st. investment; 67 feet front;
rents $105; always rented.
$12,750.
New Van Ness ave. flats; rents $125; a safe
buy. '
. $6500. •
Corner; marine view; splendid improvements;
rents $60. . .- -
' '. ' ' $4950.. . "" i .
Two modern flats; only half block from Mar-
ket St.; rents $40; post nearly $7500.
. - . '$3800.
Jones-st. flats; rents $41; lot 4o-foot- frontage.
- ' $700. cash.
Balance $1300 mortgage can remain; 5-room
cottage; in the Mission; Twenty-fourth-st.
A.'M. SPECK & CO., ', 667 Market st.
SANTA FE ••' ' .
The Coming City at POINT RICHMOND.
Terminus of the great SANTA FE R. -R..
Where -the Standard Oil Co. is, now . con-
"'., structing immense -. refining : works costing
millions, to employ hundreds of \u25a0 men.
Where the 1 Santa Fe shops and terminals
.employing hundreds of men are now located.
Where J. Pierpont Morgan has Just, pur-
chased at Immense cost a great terminal for
his railroads. - \u25a0
Where the pipe line from the Kern oil fields
to tide, water will terminate. , . ..
Lots All Level Streets Graded
$125 and up.' ...$10 cash, $5 monthly
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery, st.
$4800 — A sacraflce; must be sold' at once; price
• reduced; new modern flats on Bush, near
Devisadero; best buy in the Western Ad-
dition. ! . . • ( •,
$4500— Rents $51; new flats in the Mission; im-
mediate sale. - •
$1300 — House and lot'on Prentiss,' near Eugenia. .
$700—25x100; cheapest lot in Mission; street
, graded, sewered and macadamized; San-
chez, near Twenty-eighth. -
$225— Cheap; level~lot on Holly Park 'and East
Park st. '
$1700— Cost $2500; ' 6-room cottage; Sanchez,
near Twenty-Blxth.
$1400 — Mission bargain; make offer; cottage.
Twenty-ninth, - near Noe.
$196— Corner, 76x100; all level; close to now
line of S. P. R. R.; Twenty-seventh ave.
"" and I street, in South San Francisco; a
pickup.
- McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
A FINE CHANCE VTO SAVE MONEY. ' S
YOUR FIRST PAYMENT OF $300 IS ALL A
$2800 new 5 room \u25a0 and bath cottage on north
side, of 23d St., near ' Douglass, will "cost .you;
the balance you" can pay off' wjth your monthly
rent you' are paying to the landlord; don't de-
lay.' . \u25a0 . . ' \u25a0 v.
Also 4 rooms and bath opposite terminus of
Valencia-st. cars.
Large 2-etory house on 49th ave., fronting the
boulevard and overlooking the Pacific Ocean;
a splendid location for a hotel; : - lot .50x120; 2
blocks from electric car; easy terms. V \u25a0
$650—4 rooms; carhouse, 47th ave., near ocean
beach. ' "• •
$850— 3-room house on Prentiss st. -
4-room house on ' Arlington st. ; - $10 monthly
payment.-. '\u25a0•.\u25a0'\u25a0•' - . • ,. .-. • ,^ ; -
$100— Park lots; great future property; south
of Cliff House; $1 down, $1 monthly. . . ; \u25a0
$500 - to $75ft— Boulevard lots, fronting ocean
beach; 2. blocks trom park; will be. worth $5000
within 10 years. v . . .
Alvin Tract, near Elmhurst . station, Alameda
County: 15 minutes' ride from Oakland; 25x125,
$50; $1 down, $1 monthly. ,
$5000—37:6x129; corner Francisco st. and Van
Ness ave.; street bltumlrrfzed. •'„\u25a0
JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter - St.
FOR SALE — As a whole or in subdivisions, 50-
vara lot, south line Union st. ; 137:6 'feet east
of Pierce. .Lot, northeast corner • Green and
- Pierce 6ts., 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS, Real Estate Broker.
S 324 Montgomery st. \u25a0 - . .
$350 AND $250 each. 2 sunny corner. Mission
lots; frontage on 3 streets; cash or Install-
ments. Apply : 360 Jepsle st. , \u25a0,,!..-•'
$2200— 6-ROOM 2-story bouse; bath; stable;. lot
26x100.. 1229 York, st. . '..-,' , m \u25a0'«.
NEW cottage,' 6 rooms, baths; lot 37:6x100 feet;
Mission; $2S00; terms to suit buyer. 413 Kearny.
MISSION-ST. lots at bargain ; I terms and easy
payments. Apply BABIN. 413 Kearny at.
RE All ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.'! ..
\u25a0 "A highly improved country home and invest-
ment-property near San Jp?e,' consisting of ISO
acres; . of which 100 ' acres are planted to the
finest varieties of resistant -wine grapes. There
is a family orchard surrounding the .buildings.
The improvements consist of a large "12-roonY
modern residence, with i spring water • piped
throughout. The house is surrounded by hand-
pome grounds containing a large "fish pond and
fountain.- There are also stables and other
ranch buildings. 'The house sets'on a sufficient
elevation, to command a beautiful \u25a0 view of the
Santa Clara Valley. The wine industry Is as-
sured' good prices for years 1 to come and wine
grapes are selling for $25 to $30 per ton, which
makes a resistant vineyard an Investment prop-
osition. This property Is worth your immediate
investigation. - For full information 'call on or
address. , .McAFRE BROTHERS.'^-?
103 Montgomery St.; San. Francisco. .Cal.V
A BARGAIN— Sonoma* County; 32 acres'; haif-
• '.mile from Sonoma city; all nicely Improved';
--. 18 acres in fruit; good 9-room house; also
cottage, barn, etc.; nice profitable home;
must be sold on account of the death of
owner; terms easy. . .....
ANOTHER -BARGAIN— San Mateo County,
. west of Redwood City; 5014 acres, nearly all
• in. fruit and. vines; .two .creeks bound the
' property; good I house,'' etc. ;- profitable home.
A RANCH of one acre, a ranch of 10,000 acrss,
- or any size I between those figures,-. In all the
counties • of \u25a0 Calif onda,'. can : be , provided ' for
. you by the . undersigned. .... ' v - •
HOUSES - and \u25a0 lots : in San • Francisco, * Oakland,'
., Berkeley *< and 'Alamedav to- exchange r for
'. country property. , .
5 J. H. GILMORE, .
' .;.;> 323 Montgomery st.', ''
1. ,' . ' ."_•'\u25a0 San;. Francisco.'" 1
AN extraordinary sale" of a fine fruit ranch near
% Haywards' depot; cost $25,000; mortgage $8500-
. reduced to $16,500;'full bearing; city style Im-
provements; flne section; fine neighbors; local
• trains - to ; S. - F. : ' owner desperately \u25a0 in : need of
Immediate sale; simply . must sell; Investiga-
' tion solicited. :"- - '"' V"- f ' .-* -\u25a0 '.- ~
\u25a0 LAYMANCE RE AL ESTATE CO.'/*- '
: ' . • 460 and- 462 Eighth st.i Oakland. V
A — IF you want to buy,* sell - or exchange city
- or country property call on MARION GRIF-*
FIN. 719 Mrket st.;-S.F.r office near Call big.'
$1250— FOR •\u25a0' sale or ' exchange, h a ' nice > 10-acre
> fruit ranch I In . Tehama \u25a0 Co. ; all In bearing.
..-.JW. A. \u25a0 GRANICHER. . 100 Webster st. \u25a0. :\u25a0' >'\u25a0 •--. •
RANCH I foreman wanted ; \u25a0' single I man ; * wages
% (40; reference. .. Address , box ; 14SS, Call "office.
RE Alt ESTATE — CIVY— FOR 8 ALB.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
REAL ESTATE AOENTS. - - - .
J 218-220 Montgomery St..
JUST . BUILT. \u25a0 '"-\u25a0« ' : '~
$17, GOO— Broadway, N. line; new house of I
etories, attic and basement; 7 bedrooms,
8 baths; large lot, 40x137:6 feet; natural
wood finish; square hall; planned by.
Architect Edgar Mathews. . . \u25a0 '
ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
$12,500— Pacific- ave.; modern residence, 7 bed-
rooms. 2 baths; hardwood finish on
main floor. \u25a0 \u25a0 • . ' -\u25a0 \u25a0-,...
$3,100— Halght St., sunny side, near Pierce St.;
25xU0 ft.; cheap. „ • -
$3,76O-New two-6tory house of 7 rooms and
bath; Sixth ave.: on Sacramento-st.
cable line: lot 25x120 ft.
MODERN FLATS.
$6,000— Devisadero St.; 2 modern flats; rents
• $40; lot 25x90 feet.
, NEAR MARKET ST. 1
$7,500— Oak at., near Market; 2 fiats and. cot-
tage; rents $53; lot .27:6x120. feet. .- )'.'.
GRAND INVESTMENT.;
$16.000— Mission st.; solid and substantial 3-
Etory frame building, store and looglng-
- house; rents $130; pays over. 6 per cent
' net: lot 50x122 :fi feet. • \u25a0
NEAR MARKET ST.
$13,000— Turk St., , near Jones; 2-story \ house, 8
rooms and bath; present rents nominal;
lot 23x137:6 Teet. V .
«-. PRICE REDUCED.
$10,00*— Price reduced from ,$12,500: muet be
6old; sunny side of Pine St.: substantial
house of 12 rooms and bath;. hardwood
floors; large lot, 3S:9xlC7:6 feet.
INVESTMENT PAYS 10 PER CENT NET.
$1,230— Rents . $18 monthly; $400 mortgage at 6
per cent can remain; south of Market
Bt.- Investment; close to Third and Bry-
r* - ant sts.
MISSION FLATS." '
$5,000 — Mission flats. San Jose ave.; rents $40;
lot 35:1^x83 feet;, every room light and
>^^ Spnny. :\u25a0 j .-,
SPECIAL.
$16,000— MIssion-st. business property; substan-
tial bulldins of stores, lodging-house
above; rents $130; lot 60x122:6 feet. , ,
PRICE REDUCED.
$4,250— Price reduced from $6000; comer resi-
dence,, on best part of San Jose ave.; 2-
etory residence of 7 rooms and bath;
lot 30x137:6 feet.
\ "SNAP IN INCOME PROPERTY.
$25,000-Mlsslon St.. near Ninth; lot 40x160 feet;
church building on Mission st. and two
- dwelling- houses on Ninth.
MARKET-ST.
?13,M0— Market-st. corner, at Junction of
Church and Fourteenth sts.; 93 ft. front-
' age by 94 ft. and 108 ft. depth.
RESIDENCE. NEAR GOLDEN GATE 'PARK.
$7,25<H-Haight St.. near. Broderick. north side;
' contains 10 rooms and bath; fine view;
house modern In every way; .lot 27:6x
137:6 ft.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$7,000— Clay St.. near Baker; 2 modern flats. «
and 7 rooms and bath; lot 27:6 ft. front;
a rare chance. .
PAGE-ST. CORNER.
$16,000— New flats; rents $142 60 monthly; a very
good investment: 6 tenants in all; lot
37:6x112:6 ft.; rents are low and can be
Increased. J >'
S ANSOME-ST. CORNER-
$15,000— Two-story buildin*; rents $110; a fore-
closure sale.
VAN NESS. NEAR PACIFIC.
$S,500— Van Ness ave. residence; bargain: lot
alone worth the price; contains 9 rooms
and bath; near Pacific ave^; lot 25x100
\u25a0 feet.
SUTTER-ST. FLATS.
$10,000— Sutter St.. north side, near Webster; I
modern flats of 7 and 9 rooms and
bath: lot 27:3x127:6' ft.; very sunny;
always rented.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St., Mills bldg.
McAFEE BROTHERS,"
10S Montgomery St., S. F.
$40,000 — A big corner with 3 frontages: a trans-
fer corner; fine for stores and flats; cen-
trally located; must be sold at once; an
offer wanted: investigate this.
$13,500— Modern home on Pacific Heights; nearly
new and finely finished throughout; on
north side of street, commanding beau-
tiful marine "view; can never be ob-
structed; lot 27:6x137:6. . \u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0
$10,500—3 fine new modern fiats, near the Park;
.7 rooms and bath each; rent $102 50.
$7250 — 2 lots on Buchanan St., near Sutter; flne
for flats.
$7000—2 new flats on Bush st. ; 6 and 7 rooms;
rented f or J60 50.
$G7^-Howard st. near 12th; 3 flats, 7, 8, 5
rooms; new plumbing, etc.; rented for
$63 monthly; lot 25x137:6; owner anxious
to sell; offer wanted.
$5000— Modern 8-room story and one-half house'
in the Panhandle district; owner offered
$40 rent; cheap for the money. - , .
$2750— Fine building lots at corner Scott and
& McAllister sts.; must be sold for absent
$3250 heirs.
$2750— Cottage of 6 rooms and bath in the
Mission: on Shotwell st., near 22d; easy
•terms if desired.
$1500— Cheapest lot in Presidio Heights; on
Clay St.: 25x102:8.
$1450 — On Shipley st., near Fifth; house and
lot;- very cheap.
$1600— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; on Duncan
st.,' in the Mission;- owner leaving city;
mortgage of $1000 can sland.
McAFEE . BROTHERS,
: y)8 Montgomery St.. S. F.
CENTER & SPADER. . ,
Real Estate Agents. Rent Collectors.
.11 /Montgomery, St., Lick House' Block.
$5500— Snap; 16th st., near Valencia; 65 ft.
front, 110 ft. deep; street work complete.
$4000— Make offer; Harrison st.,' near 3d; lot
and improvements, 2SxS5. -."
$10,000 — Washington st.; '.corner residence. 10
rooms, bath, basement, etc. ;• large lot. 30x87:6;
particulars at office.
$6500— Modern 2-story house on Jones st. ; 10
rooms, bath and basement; large lot, 30x96.
$2500— Snap; modern cottage -on Castro St.; 5
rooms and bath; lot 25xS0.
flSOO— Cheap corner lot on Castro and Eliza-
beth sts. ; 26x105. - /
$4750— Rents $10; 2 modern flats on Stelner St.,
near Golden Gate ave.: lot 25x87:6.
' $5&00— Rents $42 50; Grove Et. ; 2 fiats, < rooms
each: lot 25x137:6.
$4300— Bush st., near Fillmore; 2-story house,
6 rooms and bath; lot 25x120 to rear street.-.
$1800— Snap; an offer wanted for lot on Hayes
St., near Lyon; 25x137:6.
• $5000— Fillmore st., near Oak; choice lot; suit-
able for flats; 37:6x110; make an offer.
$S300— Rents $77 50 n*r, month; 3 new -up-to-
date flats, 6, 7 and 8 rooms; on Folsom st. ; lot
25x100. . . _ , .
$2500— Two- story house. 2 tenements,' 7 rooms
each, renting for $22 • Rondell place, off Six-
teenth St.; this is ch/ap property.
$3300— Rents $31: 2 bay-window -flats on Fair
Oaks st.. near Twoaty-thlrd. containing. 5 and
6 rooms; lot 3O:6xllV:6 to rear street. ... •
CENTER & SPADER.
TWO or four flats or residence in the Mission
or Western Addition; must be in good condi-
tion and modern; buyer wants to purchase for
the income. W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
WANTED— To purchase a property, ' improved
or unimproved, on Valencia. Mission or How-
ard: - W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
VERY cheap corner: a flne purchase; SE. Fil-
bert and Pierce; 36x82:6; all street work done
on both streets: Filbert bituminizM; good -lo-
cation to build 4 flats; only $1850; Union, with
cable cars,". is next street south; price reduced
from $2350; easy payments. W. J.' GUNN, 530
California Bt. .. ,
. — x '
EXCEEDINGLY cheap and - large corner lot;
Baker and Vallejo; 137:6x128:9; price only $10,-
000; both streets graded, .macadamized and
sewered; stone pavement on Baker; grand ma-
rine view; in the same block lots have sold at
$300 per foot during this month; thla Is a fine
. speculation. W. J. QUNN. 530 .California st.
G. A. TURNER & CO.. • ' .. , ' ' - .
. REAL ESTATE BROKERS. .
• ,11 Montgomery Street.
$6750— Fine rsorner, near the Park; substantial
residence, 8 rooms, bath; in perfect con-
dition; lot 25x106. -
$6500— Two . very flne flats ; near . Golden Gate
Park; pay 10 per cent net. gj
$6000— Sutter St., near in; residence, 8 rooms,
bath and basement; stable for (horses;
: . lot 27:6x137:6.
$4000— Cozy . 2-story house, - Sutter- St., inside
.. Fillmore; large frontage; small cost
would make. into flats and pay big.
$4000— 19th st., near Howard; 2 cottages; rented
well; a good buy.; , -. ., . . . : .
$3000 — Front of 2 flits and. fine rear cottage:
rented well; lot 25x100; close to 10th and
Folsom sts. ; this Is a bargain.
(2500— Bernard St.; 3 fiats; pay well; a good in-
vestment. -.-\u25a0.. \u25a0;\u25a0 ' -,-\u25a0
$9750—3 NEW flats. \u25a0 6>. 6 ' and ', 7 rooms; at the
\u25a0 park; rents $93 per month. - . '
$4500— House of 8 rodms; recently renovated;
Eddy St., near Scott; for a few days only.
JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st.
$9000— BUSINESS property on - : First ' St., : bet;
Howard and Folsom; \u25a0 wholesale and factory
'site;, old building; rents $47; cheapest lot on
street. . ROTHERMEL & MERRELL, 507 Cal-
ifornia at. - '..•\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0' \u25a0 '\u25a0 '
$2250— COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath; modern
building; lot 50x180 ;• will exchange for house.
HEALY & GILLESPIE. 630 Market st.'. ».-* -
.ONLY $3250 , for choice - corner; worth $5000;
northwest corner -Twenty-third > and : Dolores
sts.; 50x57, with two-story-building: a snap
Address owner, GEORGE B. y M. GRAY 454
Ninth st., Oakland. ;.- •• . : _ , ' •
$330 EACH— Corner lots ;.Eugene ave.; frontage
/ 3 streets; graded; cash or install. 360 Jessie.
PIERCE st.. near Broadway • 35x100. , for $3250
: to sell quldcy 646 Market *k^™^ \7 *~'
FOR sale— Cottage of . 4 rooms." large basement
and yard; . half ; cash. . S022 ; Pierce, it . -
jftAKLAM ApRTpMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL 'ESTATE. "'
I AUCTIONS ' AUCTION'! 'AUCTION!!! |
AUCTION ! , AUCTION ! ! ' ~ AUCTION ! ! •
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!! .
AUCTION! AUCTION!! •\u25a0 AUCTION!!!
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
WOODWARD, WATSON ft CO.,
WOODWARD, . WATSON & CO..' -
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., '
WOODWARD, WATSON 4 CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON A CO.. i
it; WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
"(Successors to William J. Dingee.) '• -
. - REAL- ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL" ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
. REAL ESTATE: AUCTIONEERS.
. 'real estate auctioneers.
."\u25a0\u25a0:... .:-.'\u25a0 \^-' : V- A
AUCTION. - -
AUCTION. '
: A*UCTION..
AUCTION.
AUCTION. >
AUCTION.
Special. Credit Sale of
S3 33 38 33 ' '.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE RESfDENCE LOTS. j
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE} LOTS.~
CHOICE ' RESIDENCE, LOTS. -
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS. _'
Facing West Street, } "
Market Street. - | .
35tH Street and 36th Street.
. . • SATURDAY. November 2, 190L
' At 2 p. m.
AT SALESROOM, 903 BROADWAY.
These lots are surrounded by. new homes
and more are in course of construction. \u25a0
The - street ; 'work - Is complete. Terms only
1-5 cash; remainder In easy installments.
Carriages at office for Inspection of property.
Office open evenings by appointment.
Installment or flat loans negotiated for home-
builders. .
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
For catalogues and other particulars apply to
WOODWARD, WATSON .& CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO .
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, - WATSON * CO.. \ '
, WOODWARD, -WATSON.. & CO.,
' • ' WOODWARD,' : WATSON " W CO.. ? ?£
(Successors to William J. Dingee.)
- Real Estate Auctioneers,
903 Broadway, dakland.. <
\u25a0_ '
$3000— COST TO DUPLICATE $4000.
New • 7-room house; cement basement; the
latest In design and finish; nickel and, open
plumbing; -choice neighborhood; Improve-
ments opposite cost $16,000; 3 blocks to local
station; owner non-resident; house must be
sold; positively the finest \u25a0 property for the
money ever offered for sale in Oakland; call
early cr you may lose an opportunity.
\u25a0 . J. S. MYERS & CO..
\u25a0' '" 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
ISOOO— CHOICE new story and a half house;
I six rooms; basement; in fact, an ideal beauty
. in location and architectural finish; lot is
j high and sightly; near Senator Perkins', house
on Vemon Heights; owner compelled to sell;
' no reasonable offer refused: space too limited
to extol its charming qualities; seeing is be-
lieving; call early.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
... \u25a0. 1002 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS— COST $3500.
.1 am' instructed to sell without reserve a 6-
room two-story house .with all the latest con-
veniences to the highest bidder this week; I
think $2600 will buy the property; It. is a
forced sale; space too expensive to enumer-
ate- Its mar.y good qualities; lot 50x140; con-
venient' to cars, schools and business center;
owner must sell. J. S. MYERS & CO.,
- . 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. .
$1250— 5-ROOM cottage,' bath, barn; good condl-
- tion: big lot; Just oft Telegraph; $250 cash,
s balance to suit. .
$1500— 4-room cottage, built 3 years ago; cost
$2000; convenient to local and street cars; ex-
£ tra well built p very high* basement; could be
done off: this is a snap.
$1750— 6-room, new house, modern In every
way; sunny; good neighborhood; near local;
$150 cash, balance Installments. . --"
$3250 — 10- room house in East OaklaWI; near
local. and car line; cost over $5000; 4 ySirs old;
an elegant, cheap, modern home. -
_$4500— 2 . elegant 6-room cottages; lot 63x145;
good location; rent well; 'to trade for. fruit
F: F. PORTER & CO., 466 Eighth st.
SOUND INVESTMENTS FOR CAPITALISTS.
' Hotels for j sale. - ' V.
Lodging-houses.
Grocery stores. '\u25a0 /
Hardware stores. <^_
Drug stores. • • "' •'.'\u25a0'\u25a0X
Fifty good farms for sale; some for exchange.
; Business property . paying 6-percent net on
investments "; ' ..
j Colony • property from 10 to 23,000 acres.
" Thirty-page catalogue of California homes.
Large" list; may exchange. ... . \u25a0
- See E. E. BUNCE for all bargains, SS2 Broad-
way, Oakland. . . . • .. ..^.
$375 CASH, $8 50 monthly; '3-room cottage; sta-
. ble. barn,' shed, chicken-houses; good well of
.; water: two-thirds \u25a0 acre, more or less; all
-fenced; fine soil; no fogs nor cold winds;
some ' trees and . shrubbery: adjoining East
Oakland; . price '.- $856; over 300 ehickens, 5
geese. 12 ducks, 24 pigs, horse, wagon and
cow ;: assorted family -orchard, all fenced;
stock at' a bargain; sse this at once;' there's
a fine living In It: call. or send for circular.
455 Seventh st.. opposite Broadway station.
1 Oakland. .H. Z. JONES. Land Owner. ...
FINE modern residence, , 14 large rooms; 2 bath-
rooms, servants"; basement: hot water fur-
nace: stable for 4 horses; half a block of mag-
\u25a0 nincent .garden; grand view: Ideal place for
children or 'invalid; 40 minutes from S. F. ••
45 from Berkeley; no reasonable offer refused:
sold on; account -of change of residence. Ap-
ply premises. . southeast corner Sixth ave*. and'
Twentieth st.. East Oakland.
SEVERAL modern . homes in " Oakland. \u25a0 Ala-
meda and Berkeley taken on bank foreclosures
'Will be sold on easy installments; apply «,t
once.: O. A. LANE^ Mills bldg., S. F. . *
HOUSES : of \u25a0 every ; description and price for
- sa".e < or f rent.,-. Apply to W. E. BARNARD '
\u25a0 HIS Broadway;: telephone Main lO.-^-.-.
$1800— CORNER with •' house and : room for an-
• other; near Broadway. ; W.'F.,N 1509 Howard
St.. S. F. - -'\u25a0\u25a0- - ---- ".'-'\u25a0 ,\ \u25a0 \u25a0 '.. .,
.' OAKLAND HOUSES TO" J LET.
A FEW ; CHOICE HOMES. " • , ~ \u25a0 -V
\u25a0 ..* $27 50-^Upper, flat '7 rooms; In town •
\u25a0 -.- $22 50— Upper '.flat; near. San Pablo *\u25a0
; \u25a0 \u25a0 . $13 50— Cottage 5 -rooms; Caledonia' ave.
t25— Cottage 6 rooms^Alblon st;-- <- "
JlJ-^Cottage 6Mt>oms;-2ii7 < Peralta-*'
;r\,$15 and $1S— New 1 modern flats; Grove st
near Jeffi;son-st. Park; near both trains- '7
rooms each. \u25a0 > •'...- .' . . - 7"
. $50— Completely furnished, 1 7 4 rooms ; plano-
.- garden and use of- horse. and phaeton
V GEO^W. AUSTIN & CO..
• 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
O AKX.AIVP JFUBJIITURE - FOR ' SALE, x
AN IntroducUon to you from H.* Schellhaas the
furniture dealer. Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
\ OAiKLAjnP ROOMS AJTO '\u25a0 BOARD.
ELEGANT board: and rooms, $10 montlUy and
upwards; single room and board, $0 per week:
'lunches 20c. dinners 25c; $4 week for board;
an elegant table upstairs. 1103% Broadway,
Oakland. ' . •
TENTH, 572— Beautiful sunny rooms; excellent
home Ubie"; terms moderate; references.
ROOMS FOR 'HOPSElCEEriXG.
THE VAN NUTS apartmentv corner BuslTand
Jones are now open for Inspection; suites of
S 4. 5 and « rooms for housekeeping: modern
In every particular; choicest location to city;
"sunny corner; selections may now be made by
applying to manager on premises; hours U a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; a few especially flne suites suit-
able for physician. or dentist Phon<} East 601.
BUEXA VISTA ave., 449. overlooking Golden
Gate Park and ocean, near Masonic ave— 5
rooms, parlor floor; also 3 other rooms; pri-
vate house; furnished or unfurnished; stable.
CALIFORNIA. 1527— Sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms to let: gas and bath.
CENTRAL ave.. 722, near • McAllister— Three
. furnished housekeeping rooms; sunny and
cheap; no children. _I_^_^___
EIGHTH. 112—5 lovely unfurnished bay-window
. rooms for housekeeping. '
ELEVENTH. 120— Modern unfurnished front
and back parlor: gas, bath; cheap.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, '$12;
three, $14; three, $16; also single. $V$5 and op.!
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 40»— Alcove and kitchen:*
completely furnished;? bath; grate; yard.
GOUGH. 115— Sunny modern parlor; gun ran*e;
phone; gas; bath; complete housekeeping; $13.
HOWARD. 935%, between Fifth and Slxtn— Tw«
nice sunny rooms for housekeeping; reason-
able; 00 children. .
HOWARD. 1063—2 sunny connecting completely;
furn. rms. : running water, range, eto. ; . $10w
HOWARD. 1063—3 sunny 'front completely rum.
bay-window rms.; elec. lights; range; others.
HYDE. 408— Sunny hskpg suite, $17; basement
rear suite, yard, laundry, $13; permanent only.
HYDE. 514— A suite of newly furnished honso.
keeping rooms;, every convanlene*.
LANOTON, .256%— 8 sunny, nicely . faraisaeJ
rooms for. housekeeping; prlvat* faailly. .
MISSION. 766. near Fourth— Furnished roomj
and housekeeping rooms to let. - _\u25a0
OAK. Ill— Two large sunny rooms and kltdura
connecting; gas; bath; gas stove; rent mod*
erate. ' ,\u25a0 '••'\u25a0'"
OAK GROVE ave.. SS— 2 large sunny famished
connecting housekeeping; rooms; gas; batik.
O'FARRELL. 317 (November 1>— Sunny room»t
gas stove; bath; $15; single room, |10l
O'FARRELL, 917—3 connecting unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; use of laundry and yard.
PACIFIC, »r7— First floor; hall 37x37; t front
1 rooms; rent $12 60; same building, J l&rg*
rooms, 4th floor, bath and hot water, ft.
PAGE. 113S— 2 unfurnished housekeeping rooms I
bath, closets, pantry, eto.: yard.
POLK. 1002—3 and S room suites, completely.
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
POST, 827— Three v modern connecting rooms,
complete for housekeeping.
SUTTER, 895, corner Hyde— J front room* fur-
nished for housekeeping. \u25a0
TEHAMA, 47S. near Slxth-3 rooms, kitchen*!
complete for housekeeping; $12.
VALENCIA. 12»-Furnished rooms wltn Wtcheni
private family; adults. \u25a0
WALLER, 210— Unfurnished for housekeeping,
beautiful suite of sunny parlors; lavatory j
hot and cold water; bath; gas; grate; marina
view; private. ,
WASHINGTON. 1220— Two or three sunny
• rooms; gas ranse. • •• v ,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IMS
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Vntnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant. '
sunny; grill attached; country visitors find no
place like the Argyle; take McAlllster-st. cars.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 143 Sixth— Rooms.
23c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House, 216 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c. $1 to $3 week.
A SUNNY suite, and singles, neat and clean,
bath, phone. Prices low. 332 Stockton.
BRADY, 39. off Market— Newly furnished sun-
ny rooms; private family; $3.
BURNETT/ 1426 Market* fold No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rma.. suites.*' single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 EIII3. corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. .
ELLIS. 922— Nicely furnished room with private
.bath attached. n
EUGENE. 265 O'Farrell— New House, fireproof,
new furniture; electric elevator; 25 privato
suites with bath; baths free: flrst-class. \u25a0
EVELYN, 203 Powell— Clean, sunny rooms;
bath; phone; from $1 50 to $7 50 week.
FELL, 253 — Furnished rooms for" gentlemen;
$1 50 and ud per week; laundry tree; call
after 6 p. m. - \u25a0 • .
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single-
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
FURNISHED room, suitable for two gentle-
men; near .Golden Gate Park; good car ser-
vice; $10 a month. Address box 1634, Call.
GEARY, 403, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 1017— To let. a sunny furnished -room,
suitable for a gentleman. In a private family.
GEARY, 1137— Modern suits and sunny rooms;
newly furnished.
GOUGH. ISIS— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
with hot and cold water; gas; bath. .
HAIGHT, 632— Large, sunny, well furnished
room; modern; running water; gas; bath..
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
et., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly \u25a0 flrst-class*
. 60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st, cable cars to Turk st. \u25a0
HOWARD. 761%-Nlcely furnished sunny bay*
window and other rooms; reasonable. \u25a0
HOWARD. 1073—3 rooms In the rear house. $S>
LARKIN. 804— Sunny front room, nicely fur-
nished; suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen;' gas and
grate; $7 and $3.
LOCUST ave.. 125. near Van Ness— Front fur-
nished room. $1 50 week.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 930% (Laurel House)— Rooms to let:
\u25a0 locked door; no transient.
N ATOM A. 622— Two furnished rooms to nrl-'
vate family.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market st. -
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.*
O'FARRELL. : 637— Front room suitable for ona
or two gentlemen with private family. ...
PAGE 1813, near the Park— Two large sunny
connecting' rooms; furnished \u25a0 or uhf urnlshed.
POLK. 1339— The sunniest, best room, In the
city for the money; closet; baths; private;
gentleman or lady. . -
i POST, 527— Nice large front room; gas. bath;
private family; reasonable.
POWELL, 233 (Edinburgh)— Sunny rms. single.
suites; on Union Square; reasonable; Tel.
ROYAL. House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles', par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $3 to.
$8; month, $S to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 23 Eighth St.!
nea^ Market— Furnished or unfnrntehed.
SUTTER, 309— Nicely furnished annny rooms
cheap; also housekeeping. j .
SIXTEENTH. 2926. . near Capp— Two or . three
sunny \u25a0 unfurnished rooms; gas. bath; rent
$3 or $12. -"•_
SUTTER. 320% (The Stanford) — Suites from $3
to $7; singles $2 to $3 per week; transient.
/ - ZmbZ • \u25a0 - '\u25a0 *
TAYLOR. 810— Sunny room for gentleman; $10.
TENTH, 123. near Market— Larsre sunny front
rm., , furnished; .large closet; rent reasonable.
TRAINED nurses wanted to rent newly fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; central location;
sunny: bath; phone; gas range. Box 1603,
\u25a0 Call office. ... ,. - - -
WILLIAM. 15. off O'Farrell., near, Taylor— Nice
sunny room: new flat; folding bed: gas;
: phone; $7' month. *.' ' • "\u25a0•
2 SUNNY . rooms : . handsome private residence;
• gentlemen; central. M.. box 1371, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st.
ROOMS AXD HOARD WAITED.
ROOM and board wanted by stranger, young
man. In a private; distinguished family. A.
ROGGERS. Palace Hotel. . . . .
ROOM - and ! - board \u25a0 for gentleman and jflrl S
years old • In family without children; .state
price. Box 1325. Call.
BY. two very re\peetable young men In strictly
private ' family* $40; •\u25a0 write fully. Box 1380 »
•Call. . - \u25a0' - ..'---'\u25a0 --... , '
SUNNY room, with board, for % adults; small
•child; central; reasonable. Box 1457, ran
REAL ESTATE— COUKTH.T— For Sale
$90O-RANCH7 66 ; acres, il r mile from " station;
.\u25a0; above St , Helena, ? Napa County, with 1 house,
.• barn and orchard ; good ! water ; plenty wood :
: _20 acres in cultivation," rest pasture and wood
; land; ". a' snap. \u25a0\u25a0 y '\u25a0-- \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 . , '. „.._,"'-
S1000-160-acre ranch in the ' hills.*: 6 . miles
~;from ; Ukiah, with 4-room house and ' barn;
orchard and garden; spring water and enough
wood to pay for the place. • \u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0 "--'-'\u25a0 ' •;"
: ' ROTHERMEL & MERRELL. -
'--\u25a0\u25a0• -V \u25a0:••' •...;\u25a0'>•: . , 607 California st.
REDWOOD and tan oak and pine timber lands
in lots to suit; 160 to 6000 acre3 at from $5 to
$10 an acre. \u25a0-...- \u25a0;-.- » - -...;\u25a0 '. -.- r a ;
Also flne IIst : of. farms,' fruit -ranches -.and
stock . ranges. *• Call or address • " — '
ROTHERMEL & MERRELU
•-•\u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0'•'-'\u25a0\u25a0- . -.,-\u25a0 y. 607' California- st:
A BEAUTIFUL ' and : productive ? ; home -. near
--Haywards, Alameda County; IS acres, - nearly
.; all in full-bearing orchard (none better); sur-
fi roundings first class; sightly, and beautiful
• location;- modern residence, etc. ;>this choice
piece of property must be sold to close estate
interests ; price $7500 ! for immediate sale.- H.
H. CRANE, 50S California st. - .\u25a0"\u25a0-, \ .-
$750— ONE acre of flne land in the town of
-Lodl. San Joaquln County,- with 7-room hard-
, finished house, barn and outbuildings; Swells,
and windmill. „ : v ... ; .
$1600—10 acres highly .! improved . near Stock-
\u25a0 ton:: house, '4 rooms, barn, 2 wells,'- windmill,'
\u25a0 orchard,- etc. ; C. F. MOORE, 935 Market St.,
. ' San Francisco. , \u25a0\u25a0' . ;':-:,.-' "•.\u25a0•'
—FOR SALE NEAR- SAN FRANCISCO—
' Small tracts, $00 to .$90, per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma, Co. ; future value assured, as
T San Francisco- Is growing rapidly: location
\u25a0_ best for poultry and general farming: Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st, for. pam-
phleta and lnformatlo'n.. .: .. w '.
$4500—23 : ACRES; beautiful -home . and fruit
.farm; flrst-class- .improvements; personal
. property; 16 acres In bearing orchard, balance
hay and garden land; 1 mile from depot; near ;
• this city; Alameda County; this Is a splen-
I did' and well-kept property. H. H. ORANE,
508 California st v ..-•'-:, \u25a0 . •.:-
j A SNAP; only, $500; 1 acre of land in Stockton;
. house,/ barn,> chicken : houses, etc. ; orchard, I
alfalfa- patch, 2 wells, flne water. ; windmill;
$850;, 12 acres. close to Stockton, house of B
rooms, barn, well, etc C. F. MOORE/ 935
Market room ». ; \u25a0\u25a0 .'•\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 ; /
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres; El
Dorado County,. near E.'B. ; Box 222, Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
freellst. C. R; WINFIELD. Petaluma. ) Cal.
.-United . States or Canada one year ' for ii,
\u25a0\u25a0•postage-paid. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0".\u25a0-.-..\u25a0•. V '
SI1HURBAN REAL ESTATE.
-- - ' ' - v" ------ .~~-— \u25a0— \u25a0-\u25a0.«
MILLWOOD, Mill Valley— Elegantly furnished
house of 9 rooms and bath; beautiful grounds;
rent low to responsible parties. F. B. SUR-
RYHNE, 138 Montgomery st. -^ V- • \u25a0
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE..
FOR sale or 'exchange;' nice corner cottage;
stable; Berkeley. > Owner, box 1659, Call.
REAL ESTATE WANTED. Of
. HOUor] . ot 1 \u25a0 rooms \ - modern * not oven > \u25a0 \ cOOO \
Western-Addition preferred; no agents. Box
1446, Call office. . \u25a0
. PROPERTY WANTED, : _;
WANTED— House of 6 rooms; north of Mar-
ket, east oj^Van Ness: Box 1426. Call office.-
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
REAL ESTATE.
AT AUCTION -, PRICES. %?\u25a0 • .
"Must be disposed of this week. ' . .
The greatest bargains ever placed ! on - the
market. — .;.\u25a0 -\- . > \u25a0 .
. Great chance. to secure a home cheap.. , '
$900— 7-room house.; lof 45x148;
\u25a0 $1100— 5-room cottage; lot 48x122. ...
$1230— 5-room cottage; lot 30x125. '•
$1500— New 4-room cottage; lot 25x150; Morton
st. station. ' -. •'.',\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. ' . \u25a0 . .-
J1S00— New 5-room cottage; modern;; lot 35x
100; a snap. .' £ , • : ": \u25a0''•'"
. $21J0— Fine corner lot, together with new. mod-
ern 5-room cottage. . \u25a0 •\u25a0 . . \ • \u25a0
$2500— Foreclose; '8-room 2-story house; lot
35x150.
$3000— Elegant 6-room 2-story house; large lot;
fine location. - \u25a0 ' t - '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•; \, -' .
' $3250— To ' settle an estate; 8-room house; lot
40x207;; windmill, etc. ' .•
. $3500— 7-room house; all modern, improve-
ments; nice Jot; Lafayette st...
; $4500— One ' of the finest homes In Alameda;
8 rooms and bath; lot 50x150. - .; J
\u25a0 Houses built, rented and exchanged. -. i •
' ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
, • \u25a0 . 1500 Park, st..- Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings. - -. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
$2400-COTTAGE of 7 rooms ind bath; street
'work' all done;' near! school and station; lot
41x143.^- " \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.--,\u25a0: ;-.. _.-.-;.. -r^-.i
$3750— New 2-story house on Morton st. ;. all
modern improvements; , lot 40x150; easy terms.
Complete chicken ranch, near . Frultvale, of
3'4 acres; house of 7 rooms; barn,' choice fruit
trees, .fine, well, windmill, and" tank, stock and
fixtures go with place; rent $10 per month. . \u25a0
Building lots and houses to let in all parts of
Alameda. H. P. MOREAL & CO., real estate
agents. 1424 Park st. -.-.\u25a0.- -,.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 • .
$1900 WILL build a 'modern- house of 6 rooms;
lot" 37:6x125: Central ave.; $400 cash.
$2800 — New, cottage, 6 rooms; lot 60x120. J.
r H. YOUNG,; 1243 Park St., Alameda.
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
\u25a0 acquired by foreclosure; V*. cash.' Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
IpE R KELEY REAI ' ESTATE. .
BARGAINS IN BERKELEY.
$200— Lot 40x135; street sewered; Virginia st.,
3 blocks of school.' '. - ; ', - '\u25a0' ,- , „
$530-=Lot 49x65; on Cedar st., one block of
Berryman depot; street work done. .<-.-• .
$650— Corner lot, 49x65; within two blocks of
Berryman station and electric cars; street work
all done; a big snap. ' , .'. > • •
$650— Lot 40x120; on Shattuck ave., within tf
block of depot. .--. ." .- - \u25a0 ' . \u25a0\u25a0<- \u25a0 •> .
$650 to $10UO — See our bargains in building sites
In North \u25a0 Berkeley ;. only 2 blocks from depot
and electric cars pass the door; nothing offered
iso cheaply In town; see them before purchasing
'elsewhere. V" . -.-/-• - \u25a0 ~ ,
$2500 — 8-room house; cor; lot; terms easy/ ,
$550 and upward for lot In the beautiful Whee-
ler Tract; few minutes' walk to depot," electric
cars and university. \u25a0\u25a0 ' ; '.- - "..•-.-
View unexcelled anywhere .in the world, con-
sidering the. short distance to climb; street sew-
ered and macadamized ; we can make terms if
desired. '.'\u25a0 \u25a0 .- -\u25a0 . • • \u25a0• s. \u25a0• \u25a0: . ;
$650— Lot' in .the Hlllegass Tract; street; work
done; size. 40x60; a bargain. -\u25a0' ' .-.'• >
MAY & MORTIMER,
, . • '.' .'-\u25a0 y . 2123 Center st.,
' . ... . \u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0. • ". .,»\u25a0 \\. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Berkeley. H|
CHOICE BERKELEY PROPERTY. V ~*
A splendid corner lot for $40 per front "foot;
also a fine inside lot for. $20 per foot; both lots
in the beautiful \u25a0 Scenic- Park; convenient to
cars and university. \u25a0 '. " . '\u25a0\u25a0 :
/ MAY ft MORTIMER,
.. ;/". 2123 Center st., ;
\u25a0 1 ' '. \u25a0 ;-• '..:-. K -; -•'• Berkeley.'
LOOK at the terms. Isn't this your chance?
- $250 \u25a0• cash,*- balance easy installments, low In-
terest buys this new modern up-to-date home;
9 fine rooms, reception hall, bath, pantry, etc. ;
tinted- walls, - grass and gas- fixtures; open por-
celain plumbing; corner lot, 50x118; both streets
Improved; nice neighborhood; tlose to stations,
'cars, etc. \u25a0\u25a0 , \u25a0 \u25a0 •,;./-\u25a0 \u25a0 . .
. . OTHER GOOD BUYS. *.
$1400— Lot 40x140; cottage • home •• of 6 \u25a0 rooms
j and bath, high basement; -very easy terms. \u25a0-
[ $1600— New house of ,6 rooms and .bath; lot
40x112; $200 cash, balance like rent
•'*.. $1800-^Flne place for money; new house of 5
rooms- and bath, high basement,' nice porch,
porcelain- plumbing, tinted. walls, gas fixtures,
etc.; lot 52x100.' 1 - . .;\u25a0. -^ - -.\u25a0 - .-
. $2150— I *ot 60xl00j new modern u p-to-d a te~ cot-
tage^, rooms,- hall, large pantry,, with tiled
sink; mantel;- combination gas and electric fix-
tures; :hlgh. basement, : etc. ;: small.- cash pay-
ment; easy installments;- low- interest. .". C '
$1700— Lot 60x130; near Telegraph ave. ; cot-'
tage-house 6 rooms, r - •\u25a0, «.
" \u25a0 . LOTS. '•\u25a0\u25a0:> . LOTS, c ,' \u25a0 ' ' LOTS. r • '
"Now Is the time to -buy- lots. Bargain, to
be had, that should double , In' value within 2
years. Absolutely the best investment on. the
market - \u25a0 H., D. IRWIN, ; Lorln, Station.
$2000-NEW 6 and 6 room cottages at Golden
Gate and Lorln and Ashby stations; only $200
down, balance $20 per '. month ; one block ' to
/train and electric cars; porcelain bath, • tiled
sink, stationary : tub*, coved ceilings,, tinted
walls, \u25a0 gas fixtures,- sideboard, ' sewer and
water all connected; ready to move into. •
\u25a0"\u25a0 •' - - .' W. C. MORAN & CO. .
$100— LOT 80x127.- . - - - '. T^~
$200- r Lot 50x135. • , - •\u25a0 \u25a0; \u25a0 .
$300^-Lot 40x120; fenced and barn. . '
. $400-^Lot 60x135; corner.;. !
.. $500— Lot 50x136 ; street work . done. , . -.
\u25a0 f 5150-iAcre lots. - * v .
":Send for maps of the Wheeler Tract; grand-
est view In Berkeley ; ." street i work ' all t done ;
» will » double ; inside of 2 years; prices range
from $500 up> ;,:-:". \u25a0' \u25a0•••-. ; . ;• • 7^
W. C. MORAN^& CO. '
.Lorln Station, and Schmidt Block/ Berkeley. ~>
ALL IN EAST !\u25a0 BERKELEY. \u25a0"• : \u25a0'• ' >• »
\u25a0\u25a0;. $475— Lot ' 40x100 1 east ' of Grove \ st. ; i Includes
all: street- work. t \u25a0-..'. \u25a0:.-\u25a0, v '- \u25a0\u25a0-.\u25a0.. ..
I $550— Lot v 40xl25; \u25a0 all street work; 3 blocks ' of
university.. - . , — - . .--'•-• •\u25a0•
'--\u25a0 $600— Lot 50x130; paved' street; *' blocks ' of
Unlverslty/of. California
,$850— Nice; lot, in Hlllegass Tract \u25a0-..' .
$1200— An \ elegant lot; - sightly; strictly choice
- location ; . all \u25a0: street . work. -i'. !•'>-* -\u25a0— <
- $1650— A choice -lot; fine location;', north of
Ellsworth ;. east , of ' Haste. \u25a0\u25a0•: -v ':-
• $2200— Comfortable 8-room • house; \u25a0 nearly new;
all street work." . "; . -.• •\u25a0\u25a0- ;-,.. \u25a0 •,"•%-..
'\u25a0 $4000— Modern 8-room house In fine location.
$4500— New, 11-room house; close to university.
$5500— Boarding-house , of . 15 ro*ms; i close - to 1
university;-; nearly new.'-.> .-,-.• '.- \u25a0** .,-#•, ' - " v .-i ;\u25a0
'••i. Property for sale on quite moderate terms.?
".'\u25a0• v- . ' -J*.-V • LYMAN.' ALLEN,- ;
\u25a0 \u25a0•> ; >\u25a0•;..;,*\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0.'\u25a0\u25a0 .. ' \u25a0"': '" 2129' Center, st 7?The unexpected death of John M.
Graves,, grand secretary of the -order,
than whom a better Druid never. lived in
this State, has been a shock to ithe entire
membership. . He <was respected .7 by.-, all
and | haa the fehtire confidence 61 1 6very
one with whom he' came In contact. #
Noble Grand Arch ' Godcau has* ap
pointed* James F. \u25a0 Martlnonl, past noble
grand areh, ajnost energetic member of
Ancient Order of Druids.
Grand. Master Nicholls announces the
following official visitations for the
month of November:' 7th, Campo Seco
Lodge, £t Milton; 8th, Mineral Lodge,' at
Copperopolis; 9th, Hope Lodge, at An
gela; 11th, Sharon Lodge, at Murphys;
12th, Independence l«odge, at Railroad
Flat; 13th, West Point Lodge, at "West
Point; 14th, Volcano Lodge, at 'Volcano;
16th, San Andreas Lodge, at San Andreas.
A special session of the Grand Lodge
will be held at San Andreas on Saturday.
November 16, at such hour as may be
fixed hereafter. . - w . .
The entertainment by Tetba Buena
Lodge given in Memorial Halt : on the
night of the 24ch inst. w.as- well attended
and there was presented, a programme of
varied numbers that was greatly enjoyed
by all. The event was followed by danc
ing. ' •' '. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 - . \u25a0
Last night the degree teams . of Apollo
Lodge went to /Vacavllle, where they in
admirable style conferred the second and
third degrees- on a number of eligibles.
The team and . members of. the lodge,
about sixty, \u25a0 went to that place in a
Bpecial car that bdre on the outside the
narne of the.longe. Apollo Is'dolng much
to bring the Odd Fellows to the front.
Frank H. l MeCormick, late general
freight agent of the R. I & P.- R. Com
pany, and • the late,.- Robert L. Cockrill
were, members of ' Apollo \u25a0'_ Lodge: Thg
funeral of the latter was. under «the aus
pices ofthe lodge. He was also a mem
ber of Oriental. Encampment. v,
Templar - Lodge \u25a0 members paid a - fra
ternal • visit "td Spartan Lodge at its last
held meeting." .- ;• • , • — • .- ; 
\u25a0- Oriental : Rebekah Lodge had a double
Initiation at Its = last held meeting before
Odd .'Fellowship.
GRAND HOTEL..
H H Jones. Palo Alto Mrs Conavar Ind
§ )1 2rm l8pl 5 1 . > SulBUn 6 M " lken . Susanvllle
S T Hills, Minn Mrs Sawyer Napa
Eliza M Belcher, Pa Miss Sawyer Napa '
L E Aubery. \u25a0 L. Ang F Pllmmer & w Minn
J E Roth. Pa P-Whedon. N ± \u25a0
L. J Lambert, St Paul T H Htnter Boston
E C Montfort, St Paul O W Woodward Cal
R C Lawrence, Boston 11 H Smythe S 'Lornz
Mrs F I Hewitt, Mont MUs H LeSse'y. Chlcgo
G W Kopp, Sonora Mrs M Lessey Chlcgo
C Blrchler. Dawson J Hand, Alameda
H Elworthy. Concord O M Rooney, Sacto
M J Doyle, Texas R Boswain, Cotati
B Dunn, Cal ' ' R Follner, Phila '
J C McClure, L Ang J'Cavanaugh Cal
C M Blanchard Pa A Asleton & w, Boston
F N. Phillips, N\Y M Dutra & w Cal
AV R Hervey, L Ang H Tuttle, Reno
Miss Hervey, li Ang G Smith. S Bernardino
Miss Grlswold, Chicago C J Xex, St Louis
Miss Bullard, Iowa W. Hill Cal
EH Ward, Red Bluff Mrs Bittlnger, Denver
J C LUHs. S Barbara J Thomas, w & c N Y
W R Southard, N Y W Smellle. London
Mrs Wines, S Barbara J Leonard, Denver
C Moltzen & w, Cal L J Miller, Stockton
H G Seymour, Sacto M Wlntlsh, Wyo
C E Towne, S Crus L Harris, Bakersfleld
J "F HcLeanon. Cal E West, Stockton
E Smith, merced' A Smith. L Ang
J Jacoby & w. Central Miss K Snider, L Ang
America-. .Ed Fremont, L Ang
A H Bailey, Cleveland W Jackson, Detroit
G A Berry, St Louis; W Robinson, La Ford
B fcoore & w, Stktn Miss V Holler. S Rosa
S P ' Conavar, Ind A Sylvester, S Rosa
PALACE HOTEL.
C E Flowers, St Louis R D Meyer, Stanford
C B Kaufman, 8 Ran G B Libby, New York
T T Williams. S Ratal Mr & Mra O C"Ash-
J Welnbergr, Chicago ton, Boston- .
T W Terple, Chicago T Marshall, Salt Laka
C Stein,- Chicago D R Gray, Salt Lake
W H Owens, Sp«:*%e Mrs Gray, Salt Lake
L T Wright, Shasta Mr & Mra A M Thom-
W • B Swain. Marysvll son, Chicago
D ' B Dean. Boston J H Aller. • Boston \u25a0•
Mr ; & Mr« A 'J With- O F Richards, St Louis
\u25a0erell, Chicago . L J Edwards, Omaha
R B Miller, Portland T Engle, New York
F H Hubbard. NY C A Clapp, Boston
J M Keith ft w. Mont W Peck, New York
Miss A Beckwlth, Mon J Vernon, New York
Mr & Mr« T.^Bllfleld. J H Lynch, NY
New York" A Futda, Parli
LA Nares, Liverpool B L Smith. Nevada
W G Saundera, Eresno O JSmith, Nevada .
G E Church, Fresno J L Stelght. *U S N • ;
gEverhardt, Oakland X. E Nlles. New York
•-W Muse, ! Chicago : J W Van Dyke. \u25a0 Ohio
HA. Culladen & -, w, F E Castle, New York
Guaytnaa >. • / - A N Renton, Belmoht
K nosenthal, Chicago . Mrs H S Renford &
E E Reed. New York sister, Mexico. •\u25a0,-.,
T Alton. San Mateo \u25a0 •
HOTEL AHRIVAL&
Great Sachem Boyes, Great, Chief of
Records Bliss, William Connolley, past
sachem of Pocahontas Tribe, and D. P.
Mclntyre ,of Awashte Tribe visited Man
hattan Tribe in San Jose last week, when
a team from Navajo Tribe of Santa Clara
conferred the adoption .degree In first
class style. After addresses by the visi
tors-there was a banquet.
.The great sachem paid a visit to Tip
pecanoe Tribe in Baden last week. He
found the new tribe doing well.
Arrangements are being made to insti
tute a new tribe of the order in the Hayes
Valley district.
Last week the great sachem and the
great chief of records, together with a
delegation from the tribe In Vallejo;
visited the tribe in Benicia, where three
palefaces were adopted. The great chiefs
presented the tribe an American flag to
be displayed from the staff over thi
wigwam. ' i
During the first week in December a
new wigwam will be dedicated In Vallejo.
The event will be followed by a celebra
tion .and ball.
. The last meating of Montezuma Tribe
In the Pioneer building was an interesting
one. The \u25a0 many \u25a0 members present were
efltertalned with an interesting talk on
the principles of. the order by James G.
Smith, P. G. S., who recently returned
from the session pf .the Great Council of
the United States. This tribe, which is
one of the largest and most prosperous on
the reservation, will give an entertain
ment to its friends in its wigwam.
The proceedings of the last Great Coun
cil-of California are- out.. They make a
good sized book, which has been carefully
compiled by the great chief of records
and is a valuable addition to the Red
Men's literature of this reservation. '.:. v
The great sachem announces visits a»
follows: Novembert 5, to Miantonomah
Tribe, 7th, Sotoyomf#8th, Arapahoe; 11th,
Pocahontas, 13th, Oshonee; 15th, Aleta
Council, Crockett; 18th, Wenonah Council.
Sacramento; 21st, Pawnee Tribe, . Ala
meda; 25th, Cherokee Tribe, Berkeley;
27th, Altahmos Tribe, and 29th, Awashte
Tribe. ' / ,-v
Improved Order of Red Men.
Seven Pines Circle, Ladles of the Grand
Army of the Republic, will give a camp
fire and ball in the Pioneer building on
Thursday, the 31st inst., in aid of Its funl
for the relief of sick and distressed sol
diers of the Civil War. ,
Seven Pines Campflre.
Last Tuesday night Germania Lodge of
the Knights of Honor, the German lodge
of the local subordinates, gave the flrst
of its winter entertainments to its mem
bers and gentleman and lady friends In
the Alcazar building. There were a large
number present, who \u25a0<• were entertained
with the programme of music, song and
specialties in English and German, fol
lowed by the serving of refreshments and
tl.en dancing.- Those who contributed to
the pleasure of the evening were Miss
Maughan, Misses L. and C. Bodefeldt
Miss Craft, Miss Mangels, Miss Lucy
Frank, E» C. Stock of Liberty Lodge and
J. P. Dwyer of Yerba Buena Lodge, the
"prince of ventriloquists," who enter
tained with conversations with imaginary
Individuals who wanted to get into the hall
without having been invited. ' There were
addresses by Grand Dictator Archibald,
Supreme Representative Crowe and Grand
Trustee Lampe. The affair was under the
direction of Sir Knights Miller. Wrede and
Mangels. A Hk<» event will be given once
a month during the winter season.
At a meeting of Yonemlte Lodge last
Wednesday night ' there ' were present
among the visitors Grand Dictator Archi
bald, Grand Reporter Johnstone, Supreme
Representative Crowe and District Deputy
B. E. George, all of whom delivered short
addresses of interest to the members.
During the evening the district deputy
was authorized to visit Norma. Polar Star
and American Eagle lodges, which are in
his district, to arrange for a district meet
ing.
At a meeting of Keystone Lodge last
Thursday night there was work in the-ini
tiatory degree conducted by Grand Vice
Dictator Charles H. Holcomb. After the
meeting there were addresses by Grand
Reporter Johnstone on the condition of
membership and assessments, a few re
marks by the new addition to the lodge
and by a member on a feasible method of
reinstating members who. have become
suspended.
Knights of Honor.
Mrs. Alice Frances HIckie, recently
elected grand associate conductress, paid
her, first visit as a grand, officer to' her
home- chapter. Mission, last night. ' .'
• California Chapter at its last held meer-
Ing elected a dozen applicants for mem
bership. \
During the past week Grand Patron C.
E. Mitchell and Grand Matron Mrs. Clara
A. Giberson of the order of the Eastern
Star paid a' visit to Golden Gate Chapter,
where they were greeted by about 300
members of the" order. Five candidates
were initiated, after which there was a
pleasant social hour in the banquet hall.
The same officials, accompanied by
Grand Treasurer Agnes Johnson, visited
Ivy Chapter. , . .
The grand patron and matron visited
San .Francisco Chapter and witnessed the
initiation of flvo strangers.
Beulah Chapter at its next meeting will
have work In the initiatory degree and
the members will make arrangements \u25a0 to
entertain all visitors with that hospitality
for which this chapter is noted.
Order of Eastern Star.
On the 23d Inst. San Luslta Parlor of
San Luis Obispo gave a ball in aid of the
park Improvement fund... '; :. \u25a0\u25a0
Amapola' Parlor .of Sutter Creek enter
tained its members at a Halloween party
last Friday night. -
Last Friday the members, of Winona
Parlor of Arcata were the guests of Ar
cata Parlor of the Native Sons of the
Golden West, who made elaborate prepar
ations to entertain them. Winona, which
is but two. months old, Is very prosperous.
San Miguel Parlor of San Miguel, and
Los Pimentos Parlor of 'Santa Paula, have
each adopted resolutions in memory of the
late President William McKinley and have
sent letters of sympathy to Mrs. McKin
ley.
Darina Parlor will have an open meeting
on the night of # November 4, and it is ex
pected that Its many, friends will be In at
tendance. There is to.be a feature of the
entertainment under tha direction of Mrs.
Lena Jarvis. \u25a0• •-. \u25a0
S Grand President Mrs. Genevieve W.
Baker recently : visited the two parlors in
San Jose, Vendome and San Jose, and was
accorded a most cordial welcome. Her
visit -was one of instruction, she learning
what the two subordinates are doing, and
the parlors learning from her much that
will be of great benefit to them. The grand
president Introduced a feature that has
never before been known in the order, the
examination of each officer along the line
of their duty, and as to how each per
formed the same. In a manner worthy of
emulation by any grand officer, she gave
kindly advice where there was error, and
each officer seemed to receive in the kind
est spirit the instructions which are in the
interest of impressiveness and dignity in
the conduct of the business of the parlor.
After each meeting there was a banquet,
and there were addresses, including an
eloquent one by the grand president.
Among the visitors to the office of the
grand secretary last week were Mrs. So
phronla King of VisalJa, Mrs. Ed. Jones
of Sutter Creek and Hanna Bailey of
Darina Parlor.
La Estrella Parlor No. 89 of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West will hold
a Halloween social in the banquet hall of
the Native Sons' building on the night
of the 1st of November. There will b«
weird ghost dancing and all kinds of
games that appertain to Halloween.
The high or lady jinks given by La Ves
pera Parlor in South San Francisco re
cently was a decided success, the several
numbers presented being equal to many
that have been presented at the best vau
deville shows. There were many visitors
present, including Grand Secretary Miss
Frakes, Dr. Florence Temple of Darina
Parlor, the membership of Minerva Par
lor, and many from Oro Flno Parlor*
Darina Parlor, which is noted for its
harmony and- hospitality, had a very en
joyable social hour after meeting on tho
night of the. 21st inst.
Past Grand President Lena Hilke Mills,
one of the bright women of the order, who
is one of the best parliamentarians of the
organization, was recently elected a mem
ber of the California Woman's Club. The
friends of the new member declare that
the club is to be congratulated upon hav
ing acquired so gifted a member. Mrs.
Mills is a member of Joaquin Parlor of
Stockton. : . *' \u25a0 . \u25a0 ••
Native Daughters.
Potomac Council of the Degree of Poca
hontas. Improved Order of Red Men,
gave a "Hard Times Party" in Shiels
building. on the night of the 19th inst. and
it was voted the most interesting and de
lightful function ever given by this wide
awake council. The. grand march, which
was an attractive feature, was made up
only of couples who were attired in hard
luck costumes. Between dances there
were vocal and instrumental numbers and
at the close of the function it was de
cided that M. T. Donnigan was entitled to
a beautiful tidy that had been donated
to the council. The affair was under the
direction o& Mrs. Henry Dilges, Frank
Pearson, Miss Monica Sharkey, Miss Lot
tie Richardson and Mrs. A. Richardson.
. Oneida Council gave a very interesting
and pleasing entertainment in Union
Square Hall on the night of the 23d inst.
That the affair was a success was due to
the untiring efforts of Mmes. H. Beach,
E. Hull, A. Goodall, Kate Adams, Misses
J. Mathias and K. Dondero and. Messrs.
G. Dastigue.H. Ohland, W. Goldman, A.
Friedman and G. Ernsberger. The pro
gramme, followed by dancing, was made
up of music and specialties contributed by
Mrs. Lancaster, Messrs. Beach and
Menke, William Fenstermacher, Emelio
Lastreto, Master Donald Cameron. Mrs.
Lotter, Miss Brandt, Miss Kummerlander,
Miss Verdie E. Gilmore, Cecil and Bertie
Treanor and the Lev! family.
Degree of. Bocahontas.
The Government has published a report
concerning petroleum, in which the gains
in production in different States for the
year 1900, as compared with the preceding
year, are given as follows: Calif ornia.
1.457,389 barrels; West Virginia, 2 2SS046-
Ohio, 1,220,622; Indiana, 1,206,210; Texas)
167,026. '
There is less development work going on
In California- than there was some months
ago. Owners of oil properties who are not
compelled by the terms of contracts to
push work are waiting for the, combine
to get. into working shape. The date of
the actual beginning of the operations of
tho Associated Oil Company may not be
many months hence. The stockholders of
tne several companies will have all the
bearings of fthe combination thoroughly
explained to them by their directors when
they come together to finally determine
what they will do. A meeting of the
stockholders of the. Reed Crude Oil Com
pany has been called and will be held
early next month.
The rails of the Sunset Railroad have
been laid for the entire distance. Mixed
trains will run over the line until the traf
fic warrants the separate running of pas
senger and freight trains. Extensive de
velopment in the Sunset district Is now
expected to take place. ; ,
General activity is reported in the Fill
more and Santa Paula oil fields In Ven
tura County.
Owners Wait Developments.
It is reported that the new contract
made by the Santa Fe Railroad Company
for'OHis at considerably higher prices
than were named in the old one. This
would seem to indicate the belief of the
railroad people that the price will go still
higher^ which is the general opinion of
all observers of the trend of the oil in
dustry'and of the Interests more or less
bound up with it. '
A scheme for an ambitious combination
Is reported to be in incubation in the
Kaet. This has been given the name of
the Western Oil Men's Association. The
headquarters, are at Toledo, Ohio. The
arnounced purpose of this organization
is to -bring into co-operation the' produc
ers in the petroleum .fields of the United
Slates,' Canada and Mexico. The States
mentioned as likely to, be included in the
organization are Ohio, Pennsylvania, West
Virginia, California, Texas, Colorado, Wy
oming, Kentucky, Kansas and Louisiana.
Only a vague Idea of what the project
actually amounts to or what It signifies
ha? as yet been given currency.
Three companies of Glasgow capitalists
are reported ,to have been recently en
gaged In getting leases in Barren County,
Krrtucky, of what are supposed by them
to; be oil lands. Leases have been pur
chased to about 30,000 acres. There are
wells, in the county that have been operat
ed for some years, but they are small pro
ducers. :,;'J ..--.-
While there are . no new developments
to report In connection with the work of
the Associated Oil Company, othsrwlse
known as the combine of producing com
panies in the Kern and McKlttrick fields,
the promoters appear to be satisfied with
the progress they are making. It is no
tlcable that certain papers that were op«
posed to the combination when it was
first reported in The Call to be a success
are now saying that- It is a good thing.
Since the company took shape the price
of oil has advanced.
•While the refineries are thus in line to
help the oil producers to a market, the
other causes' that 1 lead 7 to -a demand for
the fuel oil of California are active. The
fuel has been Introduced In the mines of
tha mother lode in Amador County, to
some extent, and the use of It will un
doubtedly increase in the/ next year. . It
has largely supplanted the coal mined in
Amador County. The principal: competi
tion is now with wood. Five companies
are arranging to carry out tfre contracts
for. the supply of oil : for the ! reclamation
districts on the Sacramento and San
Joaquin rivers.
Tanks for '2500 barrels are in construc
tion at Antioch, which will be filled from
the oil cars, and a barge with a capac
ity of 2500 barrels will carry the oil to
where it is required for use. The Bup
positlon is that the reclamation districts
alone will use from 30,000 to 40,000 barrels
of oil a year at the beginning.
Combine Makes Progress. . •
There Is talk Id Southern California
about a large increase in the capacity of
the oil refineries in Los Angeles, which
will tend to consume the crude oil and
to make a market. . At Bakersfleld the
Dupage Oil and Refining Company has
been incorporated, with Bakersfleld as
the principal place of business. At Los
Angeles =the Franklin Oil and Refining
Company has been : incorporated. If Is
announced that the purpose of this com
pany is to acquire the Franklin refinery
In Los Angeles and to operate it. Ac
cording to' the accounts that come from
the south the American Refinery in Los
Angeles will soon. reopen its doors. - '
The' Pacific . Refining Company, which
has started to build a refinery on the
main line of the Santa Fe, just outside
of the city limits of Bakersfield, will
have a dally capacity of 900 barrels when
it is completed. Most significant of all
the refining schemes is, of course, ;that
of the Standard Oil Company, which will
operate on a large scale on the shores of
the bay of San Francisco.
Railroad Into the Sunset
. District Is Ready to
Operate.
Increased Consumption
Is . Made Sure by
Refineries, y
f- vv PN. OGDEN H. FETHERS
~\ I of Janesville, Wls., supreme
_«•»- I chancellor of the Knights of
"*\u25a0" J .Pythias, is thinking of flee-
J L Ing from the severe weather,
of the Northwest next win
ter and spending a few
weeks In Southern California during Jan-
VMxy and February. The lodges in that
section will give him a chlvalric welcome.
Sprinjrville Lodge No. 150, at Fortuna,
will give a ball on Friday evening next.
Fern Leaf Lodge of Forest Hill has
removed from Masonic Hall to Odd Fel
lows'. Hall, where it has more commo
dious quarters.
Colonel Rapson of the State of Wash
ington, an old-time retainer of , the Cali
fornia domain, Is back, oa his native
heath. He says the Knights of j Wash
ington and Oregon, almost to a man, to
gether with their families, will attend the
coming biennial convention of the order
at San Francisco. Each of those States
will send down at least one regiment of
the Uniform 'Rank. > I
The. Fresno lodges will give a ball on
November ,6, and it promises to be a bril
liant-social event.
The team of . San Francisco Temple,
D. 0. K. K., will probably take another
pilgrimage shortly to the oasis of Sacra
mento. • There is a good-sized class of
neophytes at the capital city awaiting the
opportpnity to taste the sweets of
Khorassan.
The present administration is urging
upon Its membership the advantages to
be derived from holding district conven
tions and ' social functions at frequent
Intervals, dispensing with the use of
rituals in the opening and closing cere
monies as well as in conferring the
ranks, and ' furnishing the newspapers
with accounts of the doings of the order.
"The newspapers of the country are the
most helpful allies of every. good move
ment," says the grand chancellor, who
Is himself a newspaper man, "and we
make a serious mistake when we forget
this fact.' Pythianlsm was devised as a
blessing to the people, and the people
have a right to know if it is actively en
gaged in the discharge of its noble du
ties. The public can be reached, effec
tively -nowadays only with thfe aid of the
press, "which is the world's greatest edu
cator and informant.";
\u25a0 Last Thursday night the grand chancel
lor paid an official visit to Olympic Lodge
of Grass Valley. About fifty, members of
his own lodge, Milo of Nevada City, ac
companied the chief executive. The trip
was made over the 'new electric railroad
that connects the two mountain cities and
a brass band enlivened the excursion. The
Grass Valley Knights turned out In full
force to greet the visitors and gave them
a most cordial reception. A fine banquet
was one of the features of the evening.
The Knights' Era, with I. M. Townsend
as editor, and D. N Harland as business
manager, Is the new official organ of ,
Lodge No. 155 at Selma, Fresno County.
It is a curio in journalism. It is a four
page, two-column folio, well edited and
neatly printed. It is to be issued "when
the spirit moves," the subscription price
being $250 a year, with single copies at $10.
The lodge news is written up in readable
style, and there are some breezy joshes on
the individual members. Selma Is one of.
the wide awake, progressive lodges of the
many of that character. :
General McGlashan is building a large
new house at Truckee, and hereafter will
be prepared to entertain all his Pythian/
friends who chance that way.
Selby Lodge at Crockett Is doing some
good work in spreading the order through
Contra Costa County.
Reports from brigade headquarters in
dicate that there will be five new compa
nies of the Uniform Rank mustered in
within the next four weeks.
Supreme Chancellor Fethers writes as
follows to the head of the order in this
State: "Your . letter about the prepara
tions in California for .the reception and
entertainment of the thousands who are
going out there next August to attend the
international gathering at San Francisco
reached me in time to read it to the grand
lodges of Missouri and Illinois, represent
ing more than 70,000 members.- It was re
ceived in both conventions with repeated
cheers and : long-continued applause."
The official visits that had been sched
uled for the latter part of the week have
been postponed. • \u25a0 '
The anniversary ball that was to have
been given last night by Golden Star
Grove has been postponed until the 26th
of November. The invitations heretofore
Issued will be accepted at that time.
El Dorado Circle of the Druidesses re
ceived a visit from about thirty members
of Olympia Circle at the last held meet
ing. The visitors witnessed the initiation
of three candidates in the amplified
form, the work, being done in a manner
that won for the officers the most flatter-
Ing words of commendation. There were
addresses by a number of the visitors
and' members and then light refreshments
were served.' : .
the order, grand secretary to fill the uu
expired term of the late John M. Graves.
During the early part of the past week
the noble grand arch, accompanied by a
number of the grand officers, paid an
official visit to • Golden Star, Vasco da
Gama and Galileo groves. At each place
there was a good .attendance and the
work was exemplified in a manner that
showed that the officers are proficient in
their duties. At each grove .the visitors
were entertained and there were many
addresses of a "character- calculated to
arouse the. enthusiasm of the members
who were present to a degree never bo
fore known. . . • •>
NEW USES MAKE
DEMAND FOR OIL
At the meeting of San Francisco Lodge
of the Fraternal Brotherhood on the 18th
inst. seven strangers were ' initiated. This
lodge has arranged for a • public reception
with music ' and . dancing in Native Sons'
building on the night of November 6. : ,
Supreme Actuary C. W. Stone returned
last week from , a visit ' to the Supreme
Lodge in Los Angeles, and -states that
Fraternal Brotherhood.
The testimonial benefit that was given,
in the social hall of the Shiels building
on the night of, the 15th inst. under
auspices of Court TerDa Buena in aid of
a member and family in distress was ono
of the most delightful affairs given by this
court and it was greatly enjoyed by a
goodly number of people: There was, a
splendid programme of musical and liter
ary-numbers, together with, a well-bal
anced programme of dances. Chief Ranger
Hoffman was master of • ceremonies and
Orator Cuthbert. chairman of the \u25a0 com
mittee of arrangements, was highly, com
mended for the fine entertainment present
ed and the successful manner in which It
was carried out. . . \u25a0 . \u25a0 : . \u25a0 - j*-.
Independent Foresters.
Golden West Tent has secured the ser
vices_of Deputy_ Supreme _ Commander
Blake to work" for lCand hfthe last two
weeks he, has secured twenty-two candi
dates. This tent is anxious to add to its
membership, and is going to do it if it. can
be done.. Next Tuesday night the tent
will. have. an old time smoker in its hall
in the Pioneer building. \ t h 'j.i'.;;
Knights of the Maccabees.
The Board of .Public Works yesterday
rejected the bid of the Union Pavlnsr
Company to repave the roadway of Sutter
street, between Stockton and Grant
avenue, on the ground that it isexcesshr^
The bid was for $3357 and the estimate.!
cost $2W5. The bid of the City Street Im
provement Company to repave Jackson
street, between Montgomery and San
some, was also rejected. This bid was
$2323 and the estimate $1600.
there are encouraging reports from all
parts of the State. It is claimed that this
order' now ranks third -In the forty-tiro
beneficiary associations operating in this
Lodge asserts that it has a
membership of more than 400.
Board Rejects Bids.
Court Ivanhoe of the Ancient Order of
Foresters entertained a large number of
Its friends at a smoker last week, at
which there was offered an interesting
programme of music, songs and stories.
Court Prosperity received a visit from
the board of deputies last week and the
meeting between officials and members
was an instructive one. - .
» Court Occidental was visited by High
Chief Ranger Boehm last week.
A new court called Summers was Insti
tuted recently at Carters with thirty
charter members by A. E. Heskett, D. H.
C. P..
I Court Bohemian celebrated its fifth an
niversary by giving a banquet to its mem
bers last week,
Mrs. 'A. Boehm, wife of the high chief
ranger, is slowly recovering from her re
cent severe attack of illness.
Sherwood Circle, Companions of the
Forest, had a pleasant social last week.
Franklin Circle was visited last week
by the board of deputies and the next
night the same officers . visited Bourne
mouth Circle. .
Santa Amanda Circle is working hard
to secure the grand prize.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Richard Tormey,' 13 years of age. liv
ing at 213 Waller street, reported to tha
police yesterday that he was held up by
two young men on Waller street, between
Laguna and Buchanan, about half -past
seven o'clock Friday night. One of the
men pointed a revolver at his head, while
the other went through his pocket3. tak
ing a gold watch and chain and $1. Ho
was then hit on the head with a blunt in
strument and told to go ahead and not
make an outcry. He described one of the
men as about five feet seven inches tall,
dark complexion, smooth face and rather
heavy set, and the other as five feet ten
inches tall, slender build, dark complexion
and smooth shaven. Policeman Owen3
called at the house yesterday and saw
the boy's parents, but they said they
knew nothing about the hold-up.
Savs He "Was Robbed.
The Grand Lodge officers have arranged
a series of musical and literary socials to
be given during the winter months at
Odd Fellows' Hall. The flrst of these will
be on the night of the 20th of November.
Fcrget-Me-Not Lodge of the Degree of
Honor will give an entertainment and so
cial on the night of the 9th of November.
Grand Chief of Honor Mrs. Nay has
called a meeting of the lodges of Ala
meda County and of San Francisco for
the 30th inst. in Oakland, where she will
conduct a school of instruction.
Valley, Magnolia, Spartan, Excelsior
and St. John lodges were busy last week
initiating candidates from four to ten In
the various lodges. Spartan promised to
have a class of twenty for a future meet
ing.
Last week there was a large gathering
of Workmen at Newman, on which occa
sion those present were addressed by
Past Grand Master Workman William
Vinter.
Grand Recorder Spencer paid a visit to
San Rafael last Tuesday night and found
the membership of that place very much
enthused in favor of the work. On Fri
day he paid a visit to -the lodge in Stock
ton, and he- expects to go to Fresno on
the 29th inst.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
City Electrician Hewitt Snrjmits Esti
mates of System Along Street
Car Lines.
City Electrician Hewitt submitted yes
terday to the Board of Supervisors an es
timate of lighting the crossings of streets
along the lines of the street railway com
panies'. The plan .13 presented as applied
to the Market street Railway Company.
T "It r is P proposed'to Install a series-alter
nating plant for lighting exclusively, sep
arate from the present power Plant. The
plant calls for 800 lights, with sufficient
margin for an increase, and would ba
located, if possible, on the property ad
joining the present power plant.
"It is proposed to use the railroad poles
exclusively and hang the lamps twenty
four feet above the center of each cross-
Ing and suspend them by diagonal spans
attached to ornamental wood extensions
on the present service poles, the trimming
; to be done by a special trimmers wagon.
In the boiler-room four boilers^ are pro
vided, with one held in reserve."
The proposed plan has worked success
fully in several cities, and it will cost
$293,664 to install It, with fixed charges of.
$49,353 96 per annum. ;^ j
PLAITS TO LIGHT THE
CROSSINGS OF STREETS
The fish pond party given last night by
Excelsior Circle in the Alcazar building
was well attended and proved to be a
pleasant affair. There were many who
caught fishes with silver hooks.
Grand Treasurer Mrs. Kemp Van Ee
has just returned from official visits to
the circle In Angels Camp, the one in So
nora and the, one in Stockton. She re
ports that there Is considerable enthusi
asm in the circles and that all officers
did their work well. In the last named
city the circle- was addressed by C. P.
Rendon, P. G. C. R. of the F. of A.
At the last held meeting of New Century
Circle one stranger was initiated into. the
order and four, applications were.present
ed." At the meeting to-morrow night there
will be a pleasing entertainment under
good and welfare. •.
On the occasion of her birthday last
week Past Chief Companion Mrs.- Sarah
Beversen was given a violet 'lunch by
members of the circle and friends at the
residence of Mrs. A. E. Drendel, Brosnan
street. There were present: Mr. and Mrs.
H. M. Lemme, L. E. Harris, Harry Lem
me, A. Ugrow, C. Richmond, F. Schles
singer, Harry and Howard Overacker,
Mrs. C. Lemme, Mrs. E. Crawford, Mrs.
A. Smith, Miss Sadie Overacker, Miss Liz
zie Doyle and Mrs. Drendel.
Grand Chief Companion Miss Alice Tlc
oulet paid an official visit last .Wednesday
night to Elmhurst Circle and was ac
companied by a number of the grand offi
cers. The visit was an instructive and
pleasant one.
Inter Nos Circle of the Companions of
the Forest of America at its last held
meeting completed arrangements for a
Christmas tree party to be given on the
night of the 14th of December. Trustee
Nealy tendered his resignation and it be
ing accepted Companion Engel was chosen
to fill the vacancy. One stranger was in
itiated.
American Companions.
W. H. Tobln, recently commissioned in
the regular army, has resigned as cap
tain and adjutant of the First Infantry.
National Guard.
The resignation of lieutenant A. F.
Eamm of Company B, First Infantry,
has been accepted, as has also that o!
H E. Harvey, lieutenant of Company G
of the Fifth Infantry- _ , . .
H F. Bennett of Company F of th3
Fifth Infantry has tendered his resigna-
C?" C. Covalt has been re-elected fljst
lieutenant of Company F of the Fiftn
Infantry. Major Poulter presided at tho
6 Major' D. A. Smith has been ordered
to preside at two elections for first lieu
tenant in the Fifth Infantry; In Company
D on November 8 and Company I o.i
N Compan r y 14 B of the Fifth Infantry ha«
arranged for a banquet and high Jinks In
San Jose on the 30th inst.
Companies C and G, the Nationals of old
times in this city* but now batteries li
and C of the First Battalion of artillery,
gave a ball in the Ellis-street armory la
celebration of the forty-sixth anniversary
of the organization of the original soar
panies. ' . -
Tire of Being Soldiers in the Service
of the State of Cali
fornia.
OFFICERS RESIGN" FROM
THE NATIONAL GUARD
On the night of the 21st lnst. Court
Zenith had a social in the Alcazar build
ing that proved to be a very pleasant
affair. For the entertainment of the many
ladies' and gentlemen present there was
an excellent programme of the vaudeville
order and dancing.
Court Defiance and Court Washington
will each give a high jinks in their re
spective halls in the Alcazar building on
the night of the 3d inst.
The relief board of the Foresters of
America of this city has made arrange
ments to give a grand entertainment and
ball in Native Sons' Hall on the night of
the 3d of December.
Court Elmhurst will give a social affair
at Elmhurst Red Men's Hall In that place
on the 9th of November and Court Mag
nolia will have a social function on the
19th of that month.
A new court of the order was instituted
at Hollister with thirty-four. charter mem
bers. It will be known as Court San
Benlto.
Foresters of America.
At a meeting of Golden Gate Camp No.
64, Woodmen of the World, there was read
a communication from Head Consul Falk
enburg In which he set forth the fact that
on the 30th of last September the mem
bership in the Pacific jurisdiction wa3 73,
429 and that the entire order was 232,223.
As- a result of the log-rolling in the nine
jurisdictions last August 8642 candidates
were initiated. The head consul is at work
oh a plan for the winter campaign, which
he expects will bring many strangers out
of the cold to the warm fires of the campa
At the same meeting the officers, ass'sted
by the full-degree team, in the presence
of a large number of nighbors, initiated
the following named : P. Boland, M.
O'Leary, H. C. Wilber, C. E. Church,
Charles C. Crowley and C. J. Welir Jr.
These increase the membership of the
camp to 1601, with thirty, petitions to be
acted upon.
The following named have been Installed
by M. T. Moses, P. H. C, as the officers
of McKinley Camp, instituted a short
time since, with a membership between
tUe ages of 18 and 30 at the time of admis
sion: T.: I. Fitzpatrick. P. C. C; Daniel
A. Ryan, C. C. ; Frank P. Haynes, A. L.;
Edward Shortall, B.; E. A. Calegaris, E.;
Oi A. Moraghan, AV. ; Dr. Smith and C. A.
Westover, M.; Dr. A. H. Gianlni, P.;
Frank P. Mann, C. This camp was organ
ized by Merton C. Allen, D. O., and tha
membership is drawn largely from the
Native Sons.
Woodmen of the World.
Everything went awry in the examin
ation into the Nome contempt cases yes
terday morning before Commissioner
Heacock. Attorneys waited for witnesses
that never came, and clashed at every
opportunity offered. Amicus Pillsbury
and Francis J. Heney livened up proceed
ings in a tilt and Judge Maguire helped
to fan the fiery tempers to the blazins
point.
Thomas J. Geary was again put on tha
stand at the opening of tne morning sen
sion. After Heney had asked a few ques
tions in cross-examination the witness
was delivered into Pillsbury's hands. The
amicus curiae went over the whole of
Geary's statement made In court during
the previous day. He tried to show thac
Geary had certain meetings with Mc-
Kenzie on the day of his arrest, and tried
to fasten upon him a series of malfeas
ances in the matter of advice relative to
the disposition of the gold dust.
When Geary retired from the stand
Pillsbury called for Deputy Marshal
Burnham, who Pillsbury thinks will tes
tify that Noyes and McKenzie and Geary
had a conference after the arrest of the
latter. Burnham could not be located,
and in order to refute possible testimony
to this point Judge Maguire wanted to
put on Judge Noyes, so he could be re
lieved from, the responsibility of further
attendance. Pillsbury objected, so Noyc-*
did not go on the stand.
Attorneys Heney and Pillsbury broke
loose in wordy war yesterday. Heney
asked until Tuesday for a presentation to
the Court of Appeals of his motion fox-
Striking out big blocks of the evidenca
taken. Pillsbury refused, saying he was
held accountable to the court for th-j
prosecution of the case. Then Heney sal I
something mean about the consideratt
ness of attorneys and provoked a reply
from Pillsbury "that it was merely a
difference and he couldn't help it." Ha
was willing to stand upon his reputation
for grace and courtesy. Heney said: "I
am ' here neither for grace nor favor, Mr.
Pillsbury, and I think you should at least
show ordinary courtesyfcto a brother at
torney. But your mind is constructed o*i
different lines. You can't help it." The
amicus curiae was too busy to say much,
so he let the matter drop.
The examination will be continued at 9
o'clock Monday morning, and at 11 a. m-
Judge McLaughlin, who was not well
enbuga yesterday morning to attend the
examination, was argued ex parte for the
selection of evidence by the court, ii
order that he may be required only t>
meet that portion which connects Judge
Noyes with the contempt charges.
Amicus Curiae E. S. Pillsbury
and Attorney Heney
Clash. .
Nome Contempt,. Cases
Go Over Until Mon
day Next.
Last Monday night Presidio Parlor re
ceived a fraternal visit from delegations
from Alcatraz, South San Francisco, Al
calde, Rlncon and California parlors in
Stempke's Hall, and after the initiation
of a stranger President Werner of the sit
ting parlor delivered a pleasing address
of welcome which made the visitors feel
at home. This was followed by short talks
by a number of the visitors and the ex
tending of the visited parlor's hospitality.
Sequoia Parlor -has appointed a com
mittee to arrange for a grand compli
mentary ball to be given in one of th«5
large halls on the night of the 14th of
November.
Native Sons.
one of the largest audiences that ever
assembled In the lodgeroom. Veteran Odd
Fellow Robert Burns delivered an Inter
esting address, during which he praised
the work of the officers very highly. On
the night of the 30th the lodge . will hava
a candy-pull, ihe candy being prepare-3
by a practical confectioner.
LAWYERS FINISH
WITH TOM GEARY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1901.
35
TOLD IN ANTE-ROOMS
native of Canada. (Sacramento. Cal.* and
Brockville, Canada, "papers please copy.)
FLAHERTY-In San Mateo. October 25, 1301.
Mrs Ellen, beloved wife of the late Dennis
\u25a0rlaherty, and mother of Thomas, Dennis,
John, Michael and Laurence Flaherty and
Mrs. J. c. Robbi, a native of Ireland, aged
62 years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock;* from St. Matthew's
I Catliclic Church. Interment St. Jrfhn's Ceme-
tery.
GARDNER— In this city. October 23. 1901.
Marie Gardner, relict of the late Eugene
Oardner, a native ct Mulhausen, Alsace,
ared 41 years.
G7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. .:
GARTNER-In this city. October 25. 1901, Cap-
tain Carl Gartner, a native of Stettin, Ger-
many, aged C2 years.
(I^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Sutar & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, where services
will be heH under the auspices of the Board
of Relief, I. O. O. F. Interment L O. O. F.
Cemetery.
GRAVES— In this city, October 23, 19C1. John
M. Graves, beloved husband of Alletha Anna
Graves, and father of George R. and Dr. J.
H. Graves, a native of Connecticut, aged 70
years 4 months and 6 days. • \u25a0
CCy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Druids'
Hall, AH Sutter street, where services will
be held under auspices of the Grand Grove
of California, U. A. O. D. Remains at 1003^
Valencia street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
HADEN— At National Military Home, Los An-
geles County, October 19, 1901. of paralysis,
Major Porter .Haden, husband of the late
Margaret A. Haden. and stepfather of Miss
Annie L. Russell (Haden). born In Elktvn,
Todd County. Kr.. May 10, 1831.
HANSON— In this city. October 26. 1901, Ellen;
beloved wife of Christopher . Hanson, mother
of Willie and Alice Murphy, daughter of Mrs.
Margaret Carey, and sister of William, James
and Alice Carey, a native of Boston, Mass..
aged S6 years 4 months and 26 days.
E7Remalns at the parlors of Carew &
English, 29 Van. Ness avenue. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
HAWLEY— In this city. October 25, 1901. Sam-
uel, beloved husband of Hope Hawley. and
father of Samuel. Godfrey, Thomas, Joseph,
-William and Frank Hawley and the late
Mary Ellen Halllnan and Charley Hawley, a
native of England, aged 59 years.
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. C20 Second street, thence to Good
Samaritan Mission. Howard street, for ser-
vices. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HURLEY-In this City. October 26, 1901, Dan-
iel Hurley, beloved brother oi the late Mark
Hurley and Ellen Daley, and uncle of Mich-
ael. Ellen, Daniel, Mark and Charles Hurley
and the late Annie Maguire, a native of the
parish of Disart, County Cork,' Ireland, aged
SO years.
• CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 183 Rufs street, corner of Folsom,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the resose of his soul at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross : Cemetery.
KROPP— In this city, October 28. 1901. Henry
W. Kropp. beloved son of Ellen KropD, and
brother of Walter Kropp, Mrs. Edward Car-
vill and Mrs. Niles H. Stover, a nAtive of
San Francisco, aged 26 years 11- months and
12 days.
Me WILLIAMS— In Hongkong, James Me Wil-
liams, father of Charles F., George E. and
Fred J. McWiHiams, a native of Burlington,
Vt.. aged 72 years.
MAGUIRE— In this city, October 26. 1901,
Katherine J., beloved daughter of Katherlne
and the late Timothy Maguire, and sister of
Mary, Joseph, John and Harriet Maguire, a
native of Newburs, N. Y.
MARTEL— In this city, October 25. 1901, James
L. Martel. beloved husband of Jane Martel,
father of Alfred, Louis and Adele Martel,
Mrs. J. M. Masten and Mrs. Charles J. Sto-
vell, a native of New Orleans, aged 78 years.
(New Orleans papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acoualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2613 Buchanan street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery, private. Please omit
flowers.
MENDEL— In this city. October 24, lfitfl. Mau-
rice Mendel, beloved brother of M. P. Men-
del, A. Harris MendeL Dora Mendel, Mrs.
• Flora Newman and Mrs. F. Rausch, a na-
tive of Colmar. Posen, Germany, aged 85
years S months and 24 days. (Los Angeles
papers please copy.) ?••\u25a0•
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ' funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 482 Franklin street, near Grove, thence
to Third and Townsend streets. Interment
Salem Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MESA— In this city, October 24, 1901. Mrs.
Manuela M. de Men,' wife 6f the late Au-
gustine Mesa, and mother of Dimes T.. Mary,
John A.. Emma and Alvino Mesa, a native
of San Francisco, aged 63 years.
C7"rhe funeral will be held from her late
residence. Mayfleld; Santa Clara County,
Cal., to-day (Sunday), thence to St. Aloy-
slus Catholic Church. Mayfleld. Cal.. where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Menlo Park. Cal.
MILLER— In this city. October 26, 1901, Mary
Ellen, beloved daughter of John F. and Lily
Miller, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
months and 27 days.
MORIARTY— In this city. October 25, 1901, Ella
Moriarty, dearly beloved daughter of . Dan
and the. late Mary J. Moriarty, sister of
Mrs. A. Anderson, and niece of John ' J.
Tierney and Mrs. J. J. Barnett, a native. of
San Francisco, aged 22 years 5 months and
9 days. A member of Young Ladles' Sodality
of St. Peter's Church.
Ey Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her uncle, John J. Tierney. 1333 Utah
street, between Twenty-fourth . and Twenty-
fifth, thence to St. Peter's Church. Alabama
street, between Twenty-fourth and Twenty-
fifth, for services. Requiem high mass will
be celebrated Monday morning, October 28, at
S o'clock, for the repose of her soul at above
church. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PUMPHREY— In this city. October 24, 1901.
Milton G., beloved husband of Helen E.
Pumphrey, a native of Ohio, aged 63 years
5 months And 4 days. A member of Lincoln
Post No. 1, G. A. R-. and El Capltan Divi3-
Biori No. 15. O. R. C.
(CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment National Cemetery.
PYNE— in , this city. October 25. 1901, at St.
Joseph's Home, Arthur Pyne, beloved brother
of P. W. and E.. Pyne, Mrs". T. J. Barrett
and Mrs. O. R. Schmierer, a native of Ire-
land.
I (CyFriends are Invited to attend the funeral
from Star of the Sea Church. Eighth and
Point Lcbos avenues, to-morrow (Monday), at
10 o'clock, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Remains
at Ui« parlors. of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street. .
ROSENBERG— In this city, October 26, 1901,
Emelie Rosenberg, beloved wife of the late
MorlU Rosenberg, and mother of Louis and
Harry Rosenberg and Mrs. David Gross of
Seattle, a native of Austria.
SCHNEIDER— In Oakland. October 26, 1901.
Mrs Christine Schneider, mother of Joh
Schneider, a native of Baden,. Germany, age
79 years 10 months and 19 days.
SULLIVAN— Laid to rest In Holy Cross Ceme-
tery October 25, 190L the late Daniel R. Sul- |
llvan. beloved son of P. J. and Ellen Sulli-
van, and brother of C. J. Sullivan and Mrs.
Phil Brown, a native ct San Francisco, aged
35 years.
SULLIVAN— In this city, October 28. 1901. Kate
fiulllvan, dearly beloved mother of Frankie,
Mollie and Clara Sullivan and Mrs.. J.. F.
DayVn. a native of Wales, aged 60 years.
TItfRNEY-ln this city. October 25. 1901,
Thomas, dearly beloved husband of the late
Fannie Tierney. and father of Jphn, Wil-
liam and Matthew Tierney and Mrs. E J.
> Wren, a native of County Louth. Ireland,
aged 73 years T months and 9 days.
CTFrfends and acquaintances art respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), from his late residence. 24 Folsom
avenul, thence to St. Joseph's Church. Tenth
street, for service at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. A requiein high mass
will be celebrated Monday. October 28. at 9
o^cloek! at St. Joseph's Church, for the re-
pose of his eoul. . ' ' .
THOMPSON-In this ,city. October 28 1901.
Christina Thompson, beloved steomother of
Mrs. Mattle Branhofer. and grandmother of
Alex. Etta. Walter and Mattle Branhofer. a
native of Sweden, aged 68- years « months
a> tt7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her Ute resi-
dence; 3271 Mission street, near Twenty-
ninth, thence to St. Paul's Church. Twenty-
njnth and Church streets, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemeterv. \u25a0
WEBBER— In San Leandro, October **•,}*>}>
Mrs. Catherine Webber, mother of Mr. M; •»•
O'Brien, Mn. A. Miller and Mrs. D. Ounn.
a native of Balbriggtfn, Dublin. Ireland, aged
' 8 (prfntermcnt Holy Cross Cemetery, San
Mateo County, to-day (Sunday), on "rival
of 12 o'clock creek boat from Oakland, tnencu
by electric funeral car. «„•„«,.,
WILLIAMEON— In this city. October 26. 1901,
Maud Gertrude Williamson, beloved daughter
of Jobn and the latfe Mary Williamson, a
native of San Francisco, aged, 10 years.
WISE— In this city, October; 25. : 1901, Cathrine
T. Wise, beloved wife of • F. J. .Wise, and
mother of Alma and Lorraine .Wise, a native
of San Francisco. \u25a0
lT7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral. to-day
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2162 Fifteenth, street. Interment; Holy
Cress Cemetery. ',''
Florist- Cp^
>r * ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS ;
'.: Pr/ces /?easonab/e.\> r
107 POWELL ST.NUftELUSS 5056
K.OOMS_ AJS'P BOARD.
HARRISCN, 570-Rlncon Hill for genteel peo-
ple: IJ SO, 14. »j; housekeeping rooms at mod-
erate prices; room only $1 month to |12: write
or call for particulars.
THE CECILERNE. 930 Van Ness ava.
ROOM arid board for two in elegantly . fur-
nished iclvate home; billiard room and tele-
j>h»ne. £5 Baker st.
THE COE.BIN. 8S6 Sutter st.— Rooms single and
en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny ex-
cellent tabie.
Bl"SH. 1120— Sunny double parlors and single
room, with or without board; private family.
HOTEL Itepeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished-
excellent table: special rates to tourists. '
OFARKELL. 605 (Johnson House)— Exceptlon-
ally fur, suites; boautUul grnds; table board.
CALIFORNIA. 607 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
t&mily hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
HOTEL La? Palmas. 1S20 Market-Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
ROOMS WAXTED. ~~
TWO refined ladies wish 1 or 2 nicely furn
room*; tight housekeeping or use of kitchen'-
small private family; near Market and Ma-
eoh; rent not exceeding IIP. Box 1S56. Call.
WAXTED— 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms",
bet. Hyde and Gough. Turk and Sutter; aun-
ny side." Address E., 615 Larkln st.
MAN wishes unfurnished room, S3 to $4 month
In small family. Box 1424, Call offlce.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Henry O. Chlsnolm. 42. Ontario. Canada, and
"\ ienna E. Vassar. 44. Los Angeles.
,>'' a * J - vj^ sa ?« 3 *. Oakland, and Margaret
A . Titus,. 20, Frultvale.
6 .?• Koblnson. *«• 125 Locust avenue,
and Elisabeth; C. Undevald. 24, U23 Pierce st.
Thomas Lloyd. 41. city, and Kmelia H. Peter-
eon. 20. Seattle. Wash.
Klre G. Lamb. 25. San Ardo. and Annie P.
Koch, 51. Saa Ardo.
Eric Ericksen. 34. 715 Howard street, and
Augusta Mullath, 40. 434 Greenwich street.
Lyman W. V.'entwortb, 27. 3188 Twenty-first
etreet. and Xellie M. Rowe. 22. 176 Capp street.
Joseph B. O'Connell. 35, Redwood Canyon,
and Catherine Rlley, 25, Redwood Canyon.
Edward. V. Conroy. 29. city, and Mamie Har-
rington, 24. Sacramento.
Berkeley W. Moore. 29. Stockton, and Xellie
C. Bicescm. 35. Stockton.
Denver C. Davlcon, 26. Modesto, and VJola
F. Ricketu, 23, Live Oak.
Kelson S. Carman, 27, San Jose, and Ethel
AmesbuTT. 21. Healdsburg.
BIHTaS—MARRIiQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with tne name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COXLOK— In this city. October 22. 1901. to the
wife of Francis Conlon. a son.
CR1TTE:CDEN— In this city. September 26,
1901. tc the wife of J. L. Crittenden, a
daughttx.
DETHLEFSEK— In this city. October 23, 190L
to the -irlfe of F. Dethlefsen. a son.
LEVY— la this city, October 24, 1901, to the
wife of S. Levy, a son.
McLURE— In Oakland. October 10. 1J01, to the
wife of James T. McLure. a son.
MARX— :.n this city, October 22. 1901, to the
wife of William C. Marx, a daughter.
NERXET- In this city, October 26. 1901, to
the wife of Thomas Alexis ICerney, a son.
RUSSELL— In this city, October 26, 190L to
the wife of Stephen D. Russell, a daughter.
SOUTHERN— In this city. October 22. 1901. to
the wlie of Fred Southern (nee N'agle), a
daughter.
ECHLICHTING— In this city, October 19, 1901,
to the wife of H. F. Schlichtlng Jr.. a
daughter.
HARRIED.
JEKTZSKH— GAHRE— In this city. October 20.
1S01, by tlie Rev. Paul Branke. Karl W.
Jentzech and Helene H. Gahre.
KROEKKE— MOHRDICK— In this city. Octo-
ber 20, by the Rev. Paul Branke, William
H. Krcenke and Bertha Mohrdlck.
LAMB-KOCH-In this city. October 26, 1901.
by the Rev. John Eteshens. Klze G. Lamb
and Annie P. Koch, both of San Ardo, Mon-
terey County. Cal.
WERXEtt— VON' DER MEHDEN— In this city.
October 17. 1901, by Justice of the Peacs
Thomas Dunn. Charles F. Werner and Ade-
lene ven der Mehden. both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Bauer. Mrs. Katie Maguire. Katherine
Bode. May Mattel, James L.
Broflenen, Minnie MendeL Maurice
Butler. Mary Meta, Mrs. M. M. de
Davis. Charles Miller. Mary E.
Donohv.e, Annie- Moriarty. Ella.
Dorrar, WUllam Pumphrey, Milton G.
Farrar, Kate Pyne, Arthur
Flaherty, Mrs. Ellen Rosenberg. Emelie
Gardner. Marie Schneider. Mn. C.
Oartne-. Caj>t. Carl Sullivan. Daniel B.
Graves, John 11. Sullivan. Kate
Haden, Major Porter Thompson. Christina
Hanson. Ellen Tierney, Thomas
Hiwltj. Samuel • Webber. Mrs. C.
Hurley, Daniel Williamson. Matid G
Kropp. Henry W. Wise. Cathrine T.
Me Williams. James
BAVER-In San Jose. October 26. 190L Mn.
Katie Bauer, wife of L. Bauer, aged 46 years
2 months and 11 Cays.
CTTuneral to-morrow (Monday), at 2
o'clock, from the family residence, 203 Del-
mas avenue. £an Jose.
BODE— In Alameda. October 24. 1901. May,
beloved wife of L. C. Bode, daughter of Mrs.
M. Geerdts of Bails rd. Wash., and sister of
the latt Mrs. M. Rlley. William F. GeerdtR
and Alt«rt Geerdts of Ballard, Wash., a na-
tive of Iowa, aged 26 years.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Utvited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1035 Taylor avenue, between St.
Charles and Caroline streets. Interment
Mounia-n View OmeterT-
BRODERSEN— In this city, October 24. 190L
Minnie Brodereen, relict of the late William
Broderssn. and dearly beloved mother of
William E. Brodersen and Oscar R. Jenlgen,
a na.tlv<> of Hessen. Germany, aged 75 years
10 raorths and 7 days.
C7" FT. ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully irvlted to attend the funeral to-day
'Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. S459 Twenty-sixth street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. -
BUTLER-In this city. October 26. 190L Mary ,
Butler, beloved wife of George H. Butler, a
native of New Hampshire, aged 65 yean 2
months and 14 days.
DAVIS— In the City and County Hospital. Oc-
tober M. 1901. Charles Davis.
X>OXOHUE-In this city, October 25. 1901.
Ancle, beloved daughter of Ellen and the
late Patrick Donohue, and 6lster of Maggie,
Katie. Clara and John Donohue and Mrs. R.
A. Barclay, a native of New York.
CyFrlvnAs and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 60 Halght street, thence to Sacred
Heart CThurch for services at 2 p. m. Inter-}
tnent Koly Cross Ometery.
rxmOAN— In the City and County Hospital.
October 26, 190L William Dorgan, a native of
Ireiarai, aged 70 years.
FARRAP— In Los Gatoc, October 25, 190L
Kate, widow of the late William Farrar. a
— — — —^ — —^ — \u25a0
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
EA27IEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
rCNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth «t., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Can Mateo County. '•
OFFICE BIG MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
lEutra* McGinn. McGINN BROS.
J Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
121 EDDT STREET.
Telephtinfe South 232. San Francisco.
No Canntftlon With Any Other House.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 28 Fifth et. Tel. South 167.
rCNEE.iC 0ISE0T0S3 AND EKBALMERS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opene-1
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy et.. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
KEW FI»M OF UNDERTAKERS.
Bemuol McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
MtBrextrty. with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. ha\e opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 MiKnioa utreet, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
— —
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows* Cemetery Association
; Point Loboe ave.. S. F., Cal.
( The ordinance prohibiting burials in San
\ Franclt.cc after the nrst day of August, 1901.
* dowTiiot refer to CREMATION. Neither doe.
It *Cect i:b* COLUMBARIUM because there i»
nothing less harmful to the living than the
aehw of their dead. . . -;.. '
Permits to cremate will be Issued \u25a0 by the
Board of Health the eame as heretofore.
GXiORQS R. FLETCHEB. Manager.Arrangements have been concluded
for the funeral of the late John M.
Graves, secretary of the Grand Grove of
the United Ancient Order of Druids of
California. The funeral service will be in
the Druids' Hall on Sutter street at 2
o'clock this afternoon, where the
ceremony of the order will be conducted
by Julius S. Godeau. noble grand arch,
assisted by Appointed Grand Secretary
James F. Martinoni and other grand offi
cers. Past Noble Grand Arch Bahrs will
deliver the eulogy and Past Noble Grand
Arch L. F. Dunand will speak of th"
work of the deceased. The local groves
Hartnagle Chapter, the Past Arches' As
sociation, the circles of Druidesses and
several groves from nearby cities will
take part in the funeral cortege. The in
terment will be in Cypress Lawn.
At a meeting of McKinley Grove last
night a memorial setting forth the virtues
of the deceased grand secretary and offer
ing sympathy to his widow and relatives
was adopted and a copy ordered sent to
the family.
Important Topics of the Day to 3e
Discussed Each. Friday
Evening.
The students of the Hastings College
<th© law department of the University of
California) met Friday evening In the lec
ture hall. City Hall, San Francisco, and
organized a debating society. A constitu
tion was adopted, ofllcers elected for the
ensuing year and subject and debaters
named for the first debate.
The officers elected were the following:
President, Frank M. Cattell; vice presi
dent A. F. Dreher; secretary and treasur
er. P. R. Parker.
The constitution provides for debates
every Friday evening under the Parlia
mentary system. The first rebate will be
held next Friday evening, November 1, at
7:30 o'clock, in the lecture hall of the
Hastings College of the Law, City Hall.
San Francisco.
The question for debate is: "Resolved,
That the army canteen should be re
established." The leaders and debaters
are the following: Leader for the min
istry. J. H. Steinhart: debaters. Frank W.
Aitken, A. M. Xuckolls and H. G. Thieie
Jr.; leader for the opposition, Percy
HUrht; debaters, P. B. Anspacher, P. R,
Parker and Donald Rush.
The first of the eight-Inch iron pipe for
the Standard Oil Company's pipe line to
extend from the Kern River oil field to
Point Richmond has been shipped from
Pittsburg and is now on the way to Cali
fornia. This will be great news to thou
sands of persons financially interested in
the prosperity of the oil industry of Cali
fornia, for it means that the Standard Oil
Company has determined to enter, as
<-arly as possible, into competition with
the railroads operating in California for
the transportation of the bulk of fuel
oil from the producing fields of the State
to tidewater on the bay of San Francisco.
"When the line is actually in operation the
rate for moving oil will probably not ex
ceed 10 cents a barrel. The railroad now
charges 40 cents and the significance of
this probable saving of 30 cents a barrel
\u25a0Rill not be lost upon those who are in
the oil industry. In connection with the
beneficial effects that the great combina
tion known as the Associated Oil Com
pany can be counted upon to bring about,
the lot of the oil men promises to be
much better in the immediate future
than it has been in the past.
Authentic information Is received that
the Standard Oil Company has contracted
for the manufacture of the entire amount
of pipe that will be needed for 400 miles
cf pipe line. At the same time the con
struction of tanks, that will be needed in
connection with the pipe line, with the
aggregate storage capacity of hundreds
of thousands of barrels, is in progress in
the East. Many of the tanks have been
completed and they are ready to be
moved to California. Work will be pushed
as fast as may be necessary upon the re
mainder.
In the construction of the pipe line and
its accessdries the Standard Oil Com
pany will expend $5,000,000. The first step
taken by the company in connection with
the pipe line was to secure rights of way.
This work has so far been accomplished
that there are very few breaks in the
continuous land grants extending from
the Kern River fleld to tidewater and the
breaks are insignificant. There will be
no obstacles to prevent the laying of the
pipe line when the proper time comes,
In the near future, to perform that work.
Connecting Other Districts.
Mention has been previously made of
the great refinery that the Standard Oil
Company will construct at Point Rich
mond. To this the oil will be piped. At
first there will be only the direct line
from the Kern River district to tidewater.
Branches will b* laid later to connect the
McKittrick and Coalinga districts.- While
the distance direct from Bakersfield to
tidewater is only about 270 miles, which
\u25a0will be the length of the main pipe line,
the lateral branches that will be con-
LAW COLLEGE STUDENTS
FORM DEBATING SOCIETY
structed, from time to time, will give for
the pipe line system a total length of 400
miles.
The fact that the Standard Oil Com
pany has already arranged to invest
J5.000.000 In the pipe line and other large
sums in lands and in the refinery to be
placed at Point Richmond fully demon
strate that the large corporation has de
termined to be a great factor in the hand
ling of California fuel oil north of Te
hachapi and also that its astute managers
have faith in the permanency and vast
ness of the supply that is to be devel
oped in this State. No more nattering
tribute to the richness- of the oil re
sources of California could possibly be
paid, for the Standard Oil Company's
experts are the best.
The company has solved the problem of
moving the dense fuel oil over the long
distance between. Kern County and San
Francisco Bay. There has been an opin
ion in this State that the oil could not
be piped long distances. The confidence
of the Standard Oil people, based upon
their actual experiments, continued dur
ing a series of months, evidently deter
mines that the fear that the oil could not
be piped is a mistaken one. The .plan
adopted is to have pumping stations dis
tributed along the line at intervals of
twenty miles and there will be settling
tanks at each station, to settle the oil
before pushing it farther along upon its
journey. Experiment has demonstrated
the feasibility of this arrangement and
has also resulted in the selection of the
right sort of pumping machinery to do
the necessary' work. All the pipe will be
of eight-inch- diameter, which will per
mit of a rapid movement of a large bulk
of oil.
'Arnfy of Employes.
The construction of the Standard Oil
Company's pipe line will call into use an
army of employes In this State. Even
after the line has been made ready to
operate and is in actual use the employes
will be legion. The necessity of walkers
to . guard and watch the pipe line, the
machinists needed to make repairs and to
do the necessary construction work that
will be required from time to time, the
gangs to attend the numerous pumping
plants and to the settling tanks and to
start the oil upon its journey and to re
ceive it, will make it necessary to keep
up a long payroll. The Standard Oil
Company people say that there will be a
village at each of the company's pumping
stations along the ! entire line of pipe.
This news, by reason of the several
series of facts already published, will be
eeen to be of vast importance to the en
tire State. San Francisco will receive
fuel for manufacturing purposes and for
other uses in large quantities, in reliable
6upply and at rates for moving that will
onable the oil producing companies of the
State to make money for their stock
holders.
COMPLETE ARRANGEMENTS
FOR THE GRAVES FUNERAL
Standard Oil Company Makes First Shipment From Pitts
burg of Mains Needed -to Carry' Crude Petroleum of
Kern County Cheaply to Tidewater at San Francisco
MATERIAL FOR BIG PIPE
LINE NOW ON THE ROAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,1 StJNDAY, :OCTOBER 127, 1901.
ITot a Menace to -Navigation.
R. Axman of this city denies that the
blowing up of Arch rock in the San Fran
cisco Bay was a failure. He saya that
the Government was -well satisfied -with
his work and the statements that have
been made that the rock is still a menace
to navigation are untrue. Mr. Axman
ripserts that in shattering the rock he ful
filled his contract. He says that within
a few months the sunken fragments will
have been removed by dredging.
Select Your Beverage Carefully
And then stick to It. Every bottle of EVAVS'
ALB eells another. That's how it wins its
way. Sherwood & Sherwood, Pacific Coast
Agents. •
The "Bohemians of America." an or
ganization patriotic in character, will
give a banquet Monday evening in honor
of the birthday of President Roosevelt.
The national "day of the organization is
the birthday of Mr. Roosevelt. Dr. H. B
Mehrmann of Oakland will act as toast
master and a beautiful silk banner will
be presented to Oakland Hospitium No 2
fcy Colonel H. L Kowalsky.
Hemember President's Birthday.
The oldest perfumes were those recov
ered from Egyptian tcnibs. 1500 to 2000
years before the Christian era.
Druids of This and Adjoining Cities
.Will Follow Remains of Dead
\u25a0 Secretary.
36
I j^dman'g __Furniture
ra T^I 1 Is the woman who selects
1 r l6a.S6d sure lv ° ne ° f ° ur Dressin « iab
g X A>^/C*>JV>VJ-, PU1 V^J-J 9 i es . Whether it is oak of
|| striking grain, dainty birdssye maple or rich mahogany you'll surely find .
g one among so many that seems to have been designed for you. Some are
|i richly carved, others depend on design and finish to win your favor.
p From $18 to $30 most tastes may be gratified though prices run up to $6$. g
B Mahogany finished dressing table with shaped plate mirror as low as 7.50 1
I With Carpet-rugs W& I
H Tapestry, from H of a yard to a yard 2nd U long, for from 65 to 05 cents, :
I you'll want them. Nicely fringed, dozens of patterns. High pile grades \
I? 95 cents each, all others 65 cents. Carpet Department, Third Floor. .
P T-~ ~~~1^4-*~ Mlld {hou 2.h jt be there !s call for extra bed-
@ ITI "WiH Lol » r ? om flJrn 'shings. We are ready to meet
H XX A VV1UUV1) the call with every grade of good comforts, ;
g fleecy blankets and newest in bed-spreads. You'll find beauty and elegance, i '
1 in color pattern, and always something new— you'll meet with court- I
N teous treatment if you only come to look, and right prices. First floor. t
*~j| . ««The Credit House." Six Stories High. |
\0^^^0^f rM ? "weaier "^b* I % YOU 'W£U1 K Uj^' IN OW \u25a0 . I No doubt about the\ Ylffef
I • \u25a0" — —f price. We know that I j . \u25a0• • \u25a0' ! •• «^^^^ A I sweater— It is on« of \4%/
f-- 1 'T^y now: you wl11 know H m m ' Jk ' >\u25a0 - ' \u25a0 ._ • 9 , ~^_ _^ _^ / "fl S'*^-"^ — -~W I thos * matchles* HALTS > \%/7
[S\ /f WOOL". IT in S A navy" I i B Bfl ft I fl B i. ok m"^ M B & j ll j -. WOOL, in plain colon \S'/
Wl/% %JL\, tliV JL^XJ TTVl ; 1 1 lVV# • or in stripe.. «,«,„. *
r* Sw red and black, red . and I " N * * range or colors. Vf
PffiY navy and red and wfiUe I IT ' S THE OLD WAY of merchandising to get all you can at the start and take what you can get at the finish— V fl»1 AA F "L \ V
S//Jr (Pi ETA Csi/-*tt I ' t0 ma !"' ar ge_profits when the Roods are most wanted, and sell at a loss when the demand ceases. ' . . \. \| l|() rflrh W
\ J I&L3U EuClL I . r 1 ' 8 T HE NEW WAY—the. HALE way— toprice'.everythinjr so reasonably at the start that losses are mini- tyUVV l^UVlI. M
T&¥ ™ v I rnized at the season's end. It's' the modern way — the, HALE way— to give you new, fresh goods when you most want
\g - • I thern^ at prices you gladly pay. Never was this correct theory of merchandising better cxampled than" in this present 1 . % \u25a0
mmmimimimmxmmammmmmmmmammmmamm offering: ... \u25a0 \u25a0 n,,, »\u25a0 iuMm*mcaB\mrtummaBSBGBtM^EZ.
Brand New Coats A irffif y A Fall Curtain Effort.
\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0•»\u25a0.\u25a0" . . \u25a0. i \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.. ' . .
The cloak journals, report that all over the country the long garments are in . And -when you see this splendid lot of lace curtains you will understand that
great favor, and here in San Francisco the popularity of the "Raglan" is undis- it was with no small effort that we gathered these 4174 pairs,
puted. In the lines of beauty they give to the form, in their warmth, comfort, And you will realize how active and alert. our buyers are — and how hard wc
and protection to the dress, they are the peer of any style that has been strive to meet your requirements and save your pocket,
brought out. , .. For this is a curtain event worthy of this great store.
' •"•\u25a0 "" HI^ m^ mmmmmmm "^ ""^^ $16.50— Ladies' Baglan Coats— That's our Nottingham Curtains — But 100 pairs in this lot l^ m^ l^^ m 9 mm^^ miC!m^ m f^ a^%
le^jp^il " f" ce for t his P articular garment, .but it- —and all in ecru color. They are 3 yard? j " |^J $<£, QQ V(\ V j V^ti
; i^^^^Mg!- ]?°ks and is much better than the price in- long by 36 inches wide, making them a very iffi ' ( f / ' r^V^/^^^H V\ c >i I
! U^m^S" ' dicates. convenient size for small windows — patterns 4' vi: ' 5 V, 'jT 6 * <f */y4A * T^^£c }^\ 1
WWSSlrfW It's well made from wool covert cloth, pos- are neat and attractive. The reduction for \u25a0 fc| WjJ^jfl $g} ppfe t^§S |
rSf%20 messing that life and action you Io6k for ?n a /h.s sale is from 6oc to 45c per pair. M^X^Mi^^W^^^^ I
; li. %Jr5i|r ?tyhsh garment, and comes in those two fash- • . M^^Mi\\^^<M§ul%^^K
>, -A 'onable shades of Oxfcrd gray and tan. It has Nottingham Curtains— This is a big lot— nearly mgMWt^NttllTw£&
i JlfLSOfcis/ th e haif.fittmg yoke back, velvet collar and cuffs. three thousand pairs— 2914 to be exact— and ,
I JSSSk and is waterproof. .* such a variety of patterns, and such beauty f&BSffl l» ll^^^f f^S^T
/ 1T\ /^ntSSQk '\u25a0\u25a0 ' \u25a0 of designs as well! It's a lot direct from a j|l".^' / I \?} - :^ v - .'*. fcra
/ N 4.. \S|\ ?14.75 for a Ladies' Baglan Coat— It's an- wel1 known manufacturer, and why he let I P tf+- -. 'f^.^fel fA l %?j
/ JbEmS^uL^I other of those big values you find in' our us have them at the prices he did we need ( f • |.; > |".f-^E^i '%\u25a0 '{%!
- \ ffi^F3Ea«P cloak department on the second floor— Made not explain here, for when you see the 0.\ \ V 0W<- \\, ij \
• I'^i^Xf^VW^ *B& of w ° o1 covert cloth, in Oxford gray and goods you will not question their matchless • \\ ,*fo j '"(fa/ 1$ h\
ir^^y^ri^jmr ' tan color— has half-fitted \u25a0 back, turn-back value. ... t< 'fe\'ji*7s*« \u25a0%&'A s *&. '\u25a0 H
-I >^ %I^!0j cuffs, velvet collar and is waterproof— it's • In both 'white and ecru— C5#'lt^^^J;fe 1
\ * / /•SlPSS^ 5 *^ KOt thC Style and thC g ° y ° U are lookinR for 468 pairs, worth 85c, for. . .'. T2c fe T ' I %V£p£- $gr \ $*jft
_ \ V=5i // A /&^ 1 i*^i«\. / 646 pairs, worth $1.10, for ..O5c . fS ' n»v» •* *\u25a0)>>(. '"" %i Jk*ff *»*]>
X\ jRI •/ NnSMitiS&l \ * 15.00 for this Very Late Style Ladies' 658 pairs, extraordinary value. ..91.2."> (g> . y.'^W.tl i'?fe. M
/bhdi\y •\u25a0/ il//^«x! l «>l \ 42-inch. Kersey Coat— It is beautifully 742 pairs, worth $1.75 $1.45 . /<p *^.i* i?M$$M$$- "*\V*^* M
M I f iVfrTimSflf fl \ trimmed with bands arid tabs of stitched vel- 400 pairs, worth $2.25 to $2.50. . .?1.95 \u25a0 i>A ["/fesig&v V*^A^ ; '.$ %£?& UT
I W/ // M SS^Mf /\ \ vet ' - has f strapped seams, turned-back cuffs . \u25a0•\u25a0 V T J, *;;&££j-. '1 \\ \
'./' 1\ \ '/\u25a0F f '\ and is finished with rows 5f tailor-stitching. Madras and Cable Thread Weave Curtains— .<< \u25a0\*&**®$[?i '^^ f^M^0\\
I . v I I "A \\ \J J Some 30 patterns, including very pretty 'j ( [* \ ' t^j'Pf^^J)^i^' $5^'~§0&t l %\
- nl rC \ Q <«}] Putf\ / Wcw C* Adi 1 C New ones in Marie Antoinette and Battenberg ef- |f<W(L-- f$&
\u25a0!l\1>4 DUA. VUdldt Arrivals. fects. as also dainty -designs with plain cen- \u25a0'fei^Wi^S^^^^fe^lS
w \J \ il ters and narrow and medium width borders. , «Rwi
\u25a0I K \ ~~- \\ \ In many sections of the East the 27-inch box -There are .850, pairs -in ecru or . white— all ' Jffi$&J$fiR] %/^W%<Mi 'P^V^'^f^V 1
// |-\ /k\ \ coats are running the Raglans a close race for close .imitation of real hand-made goods —
1 I 1 -I \ supremacy, and for many figures it must be ad- the values range from $3.50 to $4.00— all to TLK/T/Ylvli^^/fi^ 1
:/ I 1 . si \ mitted they are very smart and chic — ' goat $2.05 1
7 l»V"' l i| ' ll 914.75 for a 27-inch Box Coat— Made from Fine Nottingham Curtains— There are 230 pairs pV .. s ' y_jj mm f Jnjj_xn 1a n. 7
.7 >r.'.*K'r"*.''.l H imported kersey, the satin lining is of best — ecru and white, fine Nottingham curtains rftf/Vl'Tii V/ /^wfiw r T l i*^- y 'e^>^'^^--'' c ?t|
fe/^y^t?ffii\ i\ quality, seams are strapped; the stylish turn- — are ?>Vi yards long by 50 to 54 inches wide W I I'll '// j <W f^ft |&^ 4* 7 f \| jj^l
££&&&&>'•'.' Z\ ik^^fr' back cuffs, collar and lapels are finished with —they are in dainty, neat patterns and are :j^|'j' '' ''. ' ?wh W^ivi^ K ' J^\ I » l^j
/^^WAffil close rows of stitching, and there is also worth. fully $3.00— this sale the price is. ... y& \£j.£>£$3y 1 /{fWi.AJ^
r^JW™ stitching around the bottom— stylish tan $2.5O j » i/0( I I >
"* ~ % \^- F BsfSwW^wBSi • • - .- Cable Thread Curtains— There are 80 pairs— fsk / / *$${%$$& 1 ' |&j
**-^' ' jt^. 913.5O for a 27-inch Box Coat— Made from size is tPA yards by 50 inches. The patterns J$p / . • r^k IWi '•
i Pl3»£P&B&&-- ~ liT^V*^^^^^^^ fine imported kersey clothi fitted back. are very pretty and the price quite attractive. Kg I ' f (n^7 <fo^f fa'ife) v I I »
/!^\H^Ml^&*^ttr stitched strap seams, velvet collar, stitched • 93.75 per pair {& .' . / £&% mj Mgfc? I C 1
/ X; \ \OT W ' cuffs, satin lined, nicely finished with tabs ... Bfo- . I <ssa jfM V^fe^N'v* I i 1^1
- / I ca^r^e^uitradoni-^^fe^ Arabian Curtains-The quantity is not great: f& / ' M {$$} .SWR ! il
/ / © ia\l castor. >} (See illustration.) what the stock', lacks in size is more than Ci \u25a0•/ : \u25a0 MW -TO -iwfe pi
It •/ ll /^? ?? "<Sf\ made up by the individuality and beauty of «? '/ cXf? \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0ijKi Vi^\iA} * &\
I Jj 7 J\ ffcfr \»$ri \1 ; 912.75 for Ladies' 27-Inch Box Coat— (See designs. It will surprise you what beauties F&l / ; *fcj&^$£? \^-4.fM ' j&?
U ® "©//A I I^^Br^ I ll t^* illustration) — It is nicely made from y° u can obtain during this sale for ?5.OO, t?p / / %{[#!lf jffiij X'k^'"' \ \ V(
O' //'j/® rf\ I II fine imported kersey cloth and lined with 96.50 and 9 7 ' 30 per pair. - \u25a0 M \u25a0 / / '^^-^W WA?'-r' 1* *«t
-a/ A. // w\ 1 1 satin— has fitted back, stitched strap scams, $r If I ' {^TiW^/' v^§*L A I c$
A \u25a0f/^Jl Jt : ">x*^» II velvet collar, stitched cuffs, is finished with /&W/&&7 \^u^\ v^t \ I
§F*hJJ / \ iSxA i3 straPS °' sti ' ched ve "'~ tan ° r Curtain Poles andTrimnring? §MM' »|
W^JViIr^^A\y\ n P^\| $10.00 for Ladies' 27-inch Box Coat-Made A 5-Foot Oak or Mahogany Pole—With neat W)Mft%y
fWfv 'M kJy \ \i 1 from imported kersey cloth and lined \u25a0 with brass ends, rings, pms and brackets all com- fWjfg^ »K-
$FU \ ' •'? lK) r 1 l .r/2«Z5| best satin< coa . t collar> turn ed-back cuffs. plete v {or "" -uC f llmK S$ffM'
// f l'\ i-i *$L ' \ n -j±3 yoke back> st ' tcnec^ stra P seams, handsome- vwlk fwivfil
V n%\ •'•»( \ V- Hi-i^iiiTMfPl ly finished with rows of stitching on collar. Bay Fittings — 1 or 1 inch oak or -U^ V\ ' ':\u25a0\u25a0' J J %$f : '% (
\u25a0 ' >! '.'I. X ' \ A WBmmmmm cuffs pockets and all around garment— tan mahogany poles, with brass ends, ansle lJ[tt^ - ' &r<ffcr%
n ' ) «n WliiiHiriiiilllVirJ °r black - joints, rings, pins, ctc.-all complete.... 95c 3^^j) \u25a0 .- ' . - fefefefrjl
Black Goods at 75c^ Yard. r t Needlework SecBdnllp^onrf Sale of
Here is an extra heavy 44-inch wide vrvvwvm _
serge with a fine twin and a superb fin- W s e SSu^MMKhl^ha^^Tf intefest -I? your . progrcss - v 2 \i \u25a0 'annelette ' Underwear.
. , ° - . „ • i • \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 r .. ll s because 01 tnis tnat we nave provided an expert instructor — one we know to be cour- , r
ish. It is well sponged and thoroughly teous, painstaking and thorough. Unly necessary for us to announce a
Shr xf k " £# „ a W^B^^^^^^^Mm&M^M Sak % ??nnelette, underwear to gain
1 lllS second lot IS an all worsted serge to see them, and we want you to see them. The orders which we feel sure will follow we will your attention, for you have come to
with one of those heavy twills that make vcry quickIy and accuratel y execut e- '* " . know 'the matchless values -we give in
,, t • <• 11 r» • 1 • 1 PillOW TODS* ' 7|_ - -t.; . ,- - .,- \u25a0 \u25a0 °
up so nobby. It is full 48 inches wide. # Haven't you a Florodora Pillow yet?. No! Then here is your opportunity, for we have tnese ; goods. \u25a0•
And here is ! a beauty. We describe it brief- J ust received a new lot of pillow tops where the lithographing is a work of art. And-yoii know^also that every gar-
ly as a 50-inch black paquin, made from the fin- _, : . Pillow Slips for Baby. ment will be full sire rnrrprtlv rut' rarp '
est worsted yarn/and extra heavy. Its a sample line of 75c baby pillow slips at 20c each, so you see you will have no time 11Ic^ t .«*«; U 5 !"" Size, correctly CUt, Care-
We had, to' take the balance of the manufac- to lose if you want some of them.^ . ; . ... fully made and of good Sturdy material
turer's season output; to get our selling price. • The material is a very^ fine cambric, the designs very beautifully embroidered in silk— \u25a0pio« T ,.i«t + - cv*U- %- \* j r j
down from $1.00 to 75c, so as to include it in the ' there is a four-inch ruffle edged with lace— instead of 75c the sale price is 29c -^annelette Skirts -oc— Made^of good qual-
7"5c black jjoods sale. Splashers and Tray Cloths. ' : ity- heavy flannelette; 27 inches long, cut
Here is another dollar. grade in this 75c sale. A clever collection of stamped splashers and tray cloths— Momie linen," fringed with and '\u25a0' lul r wldtha t bottom^ assorted pmkjmd blue
The goods are black figured prunella— full 44 without openwork 15c each stripes— worth 35c Sale price ....-5c each
inches wide and very dressy for skirts — the de- ... The Best Yarns. Ladies' Skirts 43c — Pink, blue and cream —
signs are in small and medium sizes. Best German Knitting Yarn 23c hank made of good quality daisy cloth flannel —
Rlo^Ir rnnHo ««- <C1 ftftVo»^ ? est | het ! and v Floss made • •'--^............. ..lOchank cut extra long and wide— sale price
DlaCK GOOdS at Ol.OU YaPd. Best Spanish Tt arn ..;...„ -•yg i 5c hank 45c each
. From the immense line of black goods at S"J SmanJwnVooY ' " ....."...... ..-.,10c and 12i^c hank Flannelette Gottos 43 c_made of piak and
one dollar per yard we select this lot because of . \u25a0 §"£ Germantown Wool lOc and 12£c hank blue striped flannelette— square yokerturn-
the superior beauty and value. The goods are the \u25a0 v y '.'Jill' ' * * oC Iap down collar— splendid value^ sale price
best black Venetian produced; are extra heavy . ' Q o ia, a? " Ro/1^! m a ' : .. 45c Mch
and with a finish that is delightful. • . Ol Bedding. \u25a0 ' ' "^ i'* r Z'l
How well they will please our patrons is Blankets— White wool blankets, in the popular 4-lb. weight/size 60x80 inches and the regular lan ° eI ette Gowns 58c— Made of good heavy
shown by our having at five different times this \u25a0 $4-5o grade .........•.........................:...... ;'..... 93. 75 pair flannelette, square yoke, turn-down collar.
season duplicat ed our original order. • • Blankets— Gray wool blankets, in'5-lb. weight, and that good 70x82 size S3 50 nair assorted pink and blue stripes— extra value
. Comforts-Filled with good, clean, carded cotton, covered with flowered 'siikoiine stitched-- \u25a0 —sale " price ; 5Sc
__,,,. -, -~ A , l _ \u25a0-\u25a0 . a $1.25 quality ,... ........:....:..•.......;.;..; ..Sl'.OO each Flannelette Kimonas 75 c— Ladies' pink and
Millinery VeiVetS cJjio",!* 8 Spreads-^-Heavy, white crochet spreads. 72x8.^ .-. $ 1.00 each 1- blue striped flannelette kimonas, with plain
' Velvet pop ularity b not merely confined to Cfn^AHnH,, Greatly ~ . - b r .^ ' \u25a0 and blue daisy cloth collar and cuffs; new
Stationery, undcrpriccd. . A Lace Sale at 5c and 9c m^n^tTL^:'^''\yy''y'''^\ t
in- all the swell millinery. That's why in those ' . \u25a0 **\u25a0•*« J^ .Flannelette Gowns 7oc — Made of good heavy
delightful pann e velvets we have such a wonder- Gold plated ink- J^. Pef Yard. * quality striped . pink and blue flannelette,
ful ranjje of col orsr-a range that rivals the rain-- .HnH. witln Ln rart fi*^^**!^^) ' ' xt.u- v \ i . with yoke and cuffs of plain pink or blue
bow .' ...: jpi.SOyard \u25a0 ds> %vlth pcn ' rack • u othmjf wron^ about these laccs . that , they daisy flannel, collar, cuffs and yoke trimmed
n^Hon n«^.^^ \/^t A< t attached — as illus- lUr^rWft should be sold at such prices. Their sole fault :.' with finishing braid— see • illustration— sale
UOliar DPeSS VelvetS attacned as urns +J$M i.JV'ffllA' ls that - while they are good regular stock, they price 75c
In Half n Hundred f h c d M . trated— sold usually 4Bfi*t&lz&/SF are , odd P f ieces . an d that, according to^ the Hale Flannelette t
,Jor:^ . You know that this method of merchandising, is an offense that calls Gowns 8Sc—
is- the greatest velvet for 50c— now..:. -2oc 1^ • tor their immediate dismissal— and so they go at Made of good irfc 1 ?^
\0^W^h' season in the history of : vT , . . to^SciiuTh;;;'"^''^?'? 6^ heavy flanne1 -' X$
W3^^ \u25a0 v>elvet makin^ > * QUlrCS A N °- J ruled . commerc i a l note paper. E^r wi£ iSrtioS «te. collar and : ,
W-.ST'"^- :And you' know that worth regularly 25 c; now. ../... ..15c package , t^^S^^S^^^tS^S- 'SS ° "^ s4Mh<2
\u25a0^Sf XI . with such the case this' .i wt . . t i^.^ to 2U -SSJl V ; - 1 H '-^k\. \u25a0 ' '
\^!/ :; ' house has with its' \u25a0'* Wc have - a at assortment of cup and sau- inches wide,. : • 7 2/t **"*\u25a0\u25a0 flannel..; /fe^i^.
' MM ' m the. OcLot^There arc -Normandy. \u25a0 Valen- SraM on^coM if^WiW
Ire. 15 '" YoV^ SllV -—^^ : 3fH--vS c T&C^^£ THAT^NOT 1 WORTH gjSed"* flaE ' J ! ' Sk "
.^^^^1^ lection? /wh? em-. . C xl 4 sJ'.'.^tL Liberty- Silk Pleating. "ok" 0 ' tT/n! Ml \ ' |ImV
./^KVpf// : braces'imore than. fifty ,^§/gKOBKf:l:: C^k?SSSid:!^& v^Abbut 150 yards in lavender, purple, orange Siv A Z^rl / I MW
/. u »i shades, to obtain, an V%S8P§^^iSiS2§§7 Cash Boxes. w.x yellow,. mle and grass creen Ar#TtVi«J *u 1' 4 t0 I4 tf/Hl, *' \\W V&
Btylish Waist made from idea of its beauty °» v ™ want? If so, you buy a one-fifth'tl^ f ca " ~ f xceI " SUffi \\\W.
Hole's Dollar Velvet. $1.00 yard mi&jQlS^ not ui iwo value.— 9c yard. one ntth the lent value— >' yj^U] I \\y^ ;
- - - • • - - - sale price 3Oc j^ m £ m^iss£s^&&Bs!mmmm~—