PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JULY 18, 1901.
VOLUME XC— NO. 48.
LEGIONS OF EPWORTH LEAGUE ARE IN READINESS
FOR MOMENTOUS WORK OF THE GREAT CONVENTION,
WHICH BEGINS ITS SESSIONS AT THE PAVILION TO=DAY
Continued on Page Two
a FTER unusual delays en route,
J^ the main body of the Epworth
/^ League arrived in this city with
/ out serious mishap yesterday. A
¦^ -^ careful estimate places the num
ber of arrivals at fully 6000 per
sons. Nearly thirty special trains, loaded
to the guards with tired and flusty Leag
uers, puffed into the Oakland ' mole with
headway of from thirty to ninety minutes
each. About ten trains will arrive to-day,
and it is expected that the last- of the vis
itors will reach the city' before midnight
to-night.
The principal delegations from a stand
point of numbers arrived during the morn
ing hours. These specials were met at the
Oakland mole' by the Oakland detail of
the local reception committee and escort-
ed across the bay, where they were di
rected to the Pavilion. Hundreds of the
visitors were received by relatives and
friends at ' whose homes they will make
thrir. headquarters during their stay. The
others were provided 1 with accommoda
tions by the entertainment committee at
the Pavilion. The result was a crush at
headquarters throughout the day, and the
usual confusion attending largo gather-
Ings was, of course,- a conspicuous feature
of the scene.
The committee headquarters waa
thronged with the visiting Leaguer* until
far into the night, .-Their number was
swelled with the arrival of 'every- train,
but tha 'members of the : various' commit-.,
tee* attended to all wants with commend
able celerity, and diBpatch, The uniform
courtesies extended to the visitor* by tha
lrcal committees evoked many expression*
of gratitude and praise.
"I have often heard people speak of the
hospitality of the Callfornlana,". said" a
prominent Leaguer last night, "but I have
never had an opportunity till now of ob
serving that fact personally, Tour people'
are doing a ¦ wonderful work in handling
the arrangements for the "convention. {On
all sides Twe havebeen received with onen
arms, ! and nothing j la left undone to add
to our comfort and* pleasure, g It is a do-/
light to be with you, and you' may be sure
we I appreciate . our warm , reception very
Wghiy.'\: •'. ¦¦-;..-. , ¦./,..;/ .¦¦"..¦¦... •;,¦-¦,.,¦ "*><
During:. the evening hundreds = ef' the
Continued on Pag© Two,
Epworth Visitors Voice Wonder at and Gratitude for the Noble
Reception Accorded League Members by the Hospitable People
of San Francisco as Well as Committees of the. Convention
LEAGUERS APPEAR AT THE PAVILION,
WHERE THEY ARE HEARTILY GREETED
BY FELLOWS IN CAUSE OF CHRIST
of the congregation. The altar and altar
rail were hidden beneath a profusion ot
flowers and bunting.
Many ministers from various States
were In the congregation and after Rev.
A. C. Bane had finished his prayer they
entertained with accounts of the Epworth
League's work in their different States.
Among the visitors who spoke and led in
prayer were: Rev. Mr. Wicket of London,
England; Rev. D. L. Martin and Rev. H.
W. Baker of Pennsylvania, Rev. George
Beatty of Ireland. Rev. J. W. Chynoweth
of Sacramento and Rev. Charles McDer
mott of Washington.
J. Whiting, one of the pioneers of th«
First Methodist Church, gare an interest
ing account of the early days of the State
and the founding of the historic Powell-
Street Church. Miss W. L. Turney de-»
lighted the congregation with a solo. The
usual reception and introduction of dele
gates took place at the conclusion of the
meeting.
At Howard-Street Church.
At the Howard-Street Church white and
red paper festoons literally hid the celling,
from view. In front stood a handsome
new Epworth League banner, made by a
member of the church for the local chap
ter. It ; was In the shape of a League
cross with the church painted In the cen
ter" and suitably lettered. .This was the
first time It had been displayed and was
a surprise to many. The Junior League's
Continued on Page Two,
pllshed throughout the world and its mag
nificent possibilities for future achieve*
ments. Following the pastor, Hugh Smith
of • the Los Angeles delegation spoke
eloquently on the reception which the Ep
worth Leaguers have been accorded in
this city, and complimented the local
leasruers on the success of thelr^efforts.
Many of the Iowa delegates offered
prayer and called down blessings upon the
people of this State, who have so royally
welcomed them. They also paid high
tributes to the climate, resources and
scenery of California.
Pennsylvanians Are Guests.
After the conclusion of the meeting an
informal reception was held In order that
the visitors might be Introduced to their
local brethern, ..
At the prayer meeting, which was held
at the First Methodist Church on Powell
street, the greatest enthusiasm and fervor
were displayed. At this church the Penn
sylvania delegation were" the invited
guests, . Despite the fact that the entire
representation of the Quaker. State had
not yet arrived the church was crowded.
Many delegates other than those from
Pennsylvania were In attendance. Rev. F.
K. Baker, the pastor/ led the meeting and
in: his. opening remarks welcomed the
leaguers to the city.
. - In front - of the altar a beautiful . Ep
worth j League banner of white ' silk was
displayed.' Streamers, of . the league's
colors, suspended from the four walls and
brought together In the center of the
church, formed a canopy over the heads
LIft'tJp."
THE convention with Its elaborate
programme of speeches, music
and routine work is not the only
entertainment which has been
provided for the visiting Epworth
Leaguers. -While the general com
mittee has been arranging the main re
ceptions and amusements, each of the
local league haa been quietly planning
to entertain the visitors J at . Its own
church. ; During • the remainder of the
week receptions, entertainments and
prayer meetings will be held In all the
San Francisco churches. Each church
will invite a delegation from some par
ticular State and in this way it. is hoped
to bring, the leaguers Into closer contact
with each other and to better display the
hospitality "of the city.
In accordance j with this plan a special
prayer meeting was" held last nlght'at the
California-Street M. E. Church, to which
the Iowa delegation was especially in
vited, i The services * were under : the
auspices of the Epworth Church League
and were conducted by Rev, A. C. • Bane,'
the , regular/ pastor, The church was
lavishly decorated with flowers and the
Epworth League colors in honor of the
occasion. Across the front of the choir
rail, were, the; words •'California, .1901,":
worked in white on a background of green .
foliage, ; On the sides of the altar was in-T
scribed the league motto, "Look Up and
-. In his opening? remarks of welcome Rev.
A. C. Bane dwelt upon the . great good
that the Epworth League has . accom-
S0M ?tt^S^ NE S METHODIST. MINISTERS, A GROUP OF THE MEMBERS OF THE EPWORTH LEAGUE FROM
ILLINOIS, AND SCENES OF GENERAL INTEREST IN CONNECTION WITH THE CONVENTION OF THP
GREAT RELIGIOUS ORGANIZATION WHICH OPENS IN SAN FRANCISCO TO-DAY."
»¦ ¦ . - ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦. - ¦ •
League Members From Pennsylvania, Indiana, Illinois, New York,
Iowa and Other Eastern States and Canada Participate in
Praise and Song. Services and Listen to Addresses of Welcome
TRAVELERS
ARRIVE BY
THOUSANDS
Each Hour During the
Day Large Delega
tions Reach the' City
THE appearance of the long-await
ed special league trains was well
nigh continuous after 4:15 o'clock
yesterday • morning. In quick
succession the trains bearing the
Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, Canadian,
and other delegations arrived. The Indi
ana special was in charge of the Rev. Mr.
Hawks, and the Chicago travelers, num
bering 171, were guided by R. L. Duval.
The Pennsylvania special, having on
board 111 passengers, in charge of Mr.
Bell, arrived at noon, and at 2 o'clock a
second special with 250 leaguers from Chi
cago aboard steamed into the mole. La
tor additional parties from Texas, Geor
gia, Indiana and other States arrived. A
delegation of eighty-one leaguers from
Chicago steamed into the station at Third
and Townsend streets at 11 o'clock. The
party was conducted by the Rev. C. A.
Kelly, pastor of the Emerald avenue
Methodist Church South of that city.
Two New York Bpeclals in charge of
Rev. Mr. KInsport were expected last
night, but they did not appear. The spe
cials will in all probability arrive early
this morning. There are 396 souls In this
party of leaguers from the Empire State.
The local travel yesterday was very ex
tensive, and It promises to be equally
lively to-day. All of the regular trains
are crowded with travelers who are com
ing to attend the convention meetings.
These number several thousand and will
tend to swell the concourse of strangers
In the city to an appreciable extent.
The train from Los Angeles, arriving
MANY VISITING STATE DELEGATIONS
ARE PROPERLY RECEIVED IN LOCAL
SANCTUARIES BY FELLOW-WORKERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL._ "\ ¦..•••-. v •.:,. ..
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF EP
WORTH LEAGUE NOW ' IN AT
TENDANCE ON THE CONVENTION.
THE reception committee force of
aids was increased yesterday by
the addition to that body of the
youngest college president in
America. The young man who en
joys this rare distinction is Pre*
rident Charles. S. Story of the Pa
cific Methodist College at Santa Rosa.
Professor Story is 23 years of age, a na
tiw of Solano County, a Stanford gradu
ate and a savant whose reputation Is fast
making him famous in literary and educa
tional circles. '
• Pi ofessor Story graduated from Stan
ford with the degree of A. B. In 1898, and
with the degree of A. M. in 1900. He is a
professor of English and history and a
scholar of rare attainments. He is par
ticularly noted for his deep researches in
the old English, a^d on the Chaucer po
etry he Is a recognized, authority. His
work and exceptional talents attracted
the attention of David Starr Jordan, who
predicts a brilliant future for the young
man. About a year ago he accepted the
presidency of the Pacific Methodist Col
lege, to the faculty of which his work has
given great satisfaction. This position he
expects to resign next week in order to
go to Harvard with the intention of pur
suing his study of English and history.
Professor Story has/ been assigned to
the ferry detail, where he will serve to
day. .' T
Learned Specialist in English
and History to Resign His
Position to Goto Harvard
Professor Charles S. Story
of the Pacific
College Dons a-White Cap
x>y an order of the board of control,
missionary work is to be made the chief
endeavor of the league during the com
ing year, and at the meeting this after-l
noon the elders and district workers from'
The first general missionary meeting of
the Epworth League Convention will be
held at the Pavilion this afternoon. It
will be , conducted by Charles Vernon
Vickery of "Washington, D. C, who is in
charge of this branch of the work at the
convention.
Called for This Af
ternoon. \
General Missionary Meeting
WILL FORWARD
MISSION WORK
Placer Mines on Lynn Canal. J
TACOMA, July 17.— According to reports
received to-day placer mines are to be
developed on the east side of Lynn canal,
near Haines. A stampede has taken place
from Skaguay and dozens of claims have
been filed upon. ¦
THERE Is trouble brewing among
the transfer men now operating
at the ferry building, and a free
fight may be looked for any day.
One faction calls the other "kick
ers and squealers" and the "kick
ers and squealers" respond with
names that are certainly not parliamen
tary. ,'¦ - ,.- t -..;... .-' -.
The situation Is about as follows: When
the Epworth League Convention was
nearly due some one In authority went to
the "outside" transfer men and asked
them to take hold of the handling of the
leaguers baggage. An agreement was
almost reached, the basis being the reg
ular.charge of '25 cents a trunk, when an
other factor appeared on the scene. Thia
was a syndicate composed of the Oceanic
Transfer Company, San Francisco Trans
fer Company, California Transfer Com
pany, Signal Transfer Company, Com
mercial Transfer Company and Golden
Gate Transfer Company. "With the ex
ception of the Oceanic Transfer Company,
whose rate has always been 50 cents a
trunk, all the others are what Is known
as "23-cent companies"; that Is, their
regular rate has hitherto been 25 cents for
moving a trunk to any part of the city.
"With the advent of the syndicate tho
Convention Transfer Bureau dropped Its
negotiations with the "outside" transfer
men — those not connected ¦with a syndi
cate. Soon after an agreement was
reached by which the syndicate com
panies took hold of the handling of the
baggage, and one and all made a fiat rate
of 50 cents. The California, Signal and
Golden Gate companies never before took
In the water front, but the chance to
make 50 cents where before they were
glad to get 25 cents brought them, around
the ferries with a rush.
Since the Epwortb Leaguers began ar
riving the syndicate has had its men
coming and going about the ferry build
ing at will. The drummers wear tne
league cap and the police do not molest
them. Should an unfortunate "outside"
man show his nose Inside one of the
arches that span the front of the depot,
however, he is greeted with a "Get out
side now or I'll run you in."
The Pacific Transfer Company has al
ways charged 50 cents to move a- trunk,
and is still maintaining Its rate. Morton's
Special Delivery has been and is charging
35 cents. These concerns have secured a
great deal of the business, and the "syn
dicate" has not done as well as It ex
pected, but that does not make any dif
ference with the "outside" men, who
think they have been unfairly dealt with
In the matter.
On the other hand, the "syndicate" as
serts that none of the outside men are
responsible, and that a trunk lost means,
"lost without recourse." In regard to the
doubling of the rates they have little to
say, but claim that the companies are all
under heavy expense In order to make
prompt and careful delivery, and that 50
cents is a fair charge. The "outside" men
say the matter is not ended yet, and that
complaints will be filed with the Police
Commissioners in regard to the police end
of the affair, and an investigation of the
50-'cent charge of the convention de
manded. The charge that they are not
responsible ia laughed to scorn and a
dozen of, them point to the fact that for
years they have done business at the fer
ries and always made a living, paid their
debts and never got into trouble over lost
baggage. The end is not yet.
It Now Costs Fifty Cents to
Have Trunk Moved, Instead
of Twenty- Five, as Before
Pool of Transfer Companies
Causes Increase of Rates
for Hauling of Baggage
LEAGUERS
MUST PAY
DOUBLE
Continued from Page One.
VISITING STATE DELEGATIONS
The popularity and- favor with, which
the Park .sisters are known in the East
will be faint praise alongside of their Cal
ifornia reception. To hear them once is
but to want to spend an evening enjoying
the melody of their instruments.
There are five of them in the family,
but the oldest is now married and has
retired from the quartet to give place to
the "baby," as the youngest one Is termed.
All but this one have visited Europe twice
and appeared before royalty. In their last
season they appeared In London for six
consecutive months, besides playing in
Paris.
Their names are "Annie, Georgia, Ada
and Kitibel and all of them are members
of the Baptist church. They only play for
religious and social gatherings, but are
in constant demand. Besides the cornets
they have a string quartet, consisting of
the mandolin, zither and two guitars, and
render vocal numbers in duets and trios.
Altogether they are a remarkable family.
The sisters go from here to Long Beaeh
and afterward to Pacific Grove for the
Chautauqua, then to Ocean Grove," New
Jersey.
Four Clever Cornet Soloists
Whose Work Charms
All Hearers.
PARK SISTERS
ARE TALENTED
' . • • . , • \
j The convention practically opens this morning with the celebration of the Lord's Supper at three
houses of -worship,' at which the more notable members of the league now in the city will officiate. The
programme for the day and evening is as follows:
11 a. m.— Celebration of the Lord's Sup
per in First Congregational Church, led by
Bishop Isaac W. Joyce, LL.D.
11 a. m. — Central Methodist Episcopal
Church, led by Rev. John J. Tigert, D. D.,
Nashville, Tenn.
11' a. m.— Howard-street Methodist Epis
copal Church, led by Rev. A. C. Crews,
Toronto, Canada.
MECHANICS' PAVILION—
2:30 P. M.
Chairman, Rev. Thomas Fllben, D. D.,
Pacific Grove, Cal.
Song service; Robert Husband, musical
director; .devotions; Rev. Judson S. Hill,
D. D., Morristown, Tenn.
ADDRESSES OF WELCOME.
On behalf of the State, the Governor,
Hon. Henry T. Gage.
On behalf of the city, the Mayor, Hon.
James D. Phelan.
On behalf of California Methodism, Bishop
JOhn W. Hamilton, D.' D., LL.D., San
Francisco. Cal.; Rev. J. C. Simmons, D. D.,
Woodland, Cal. ¦> K '
RESPONSES."
On behalf of th« Methodist Episcopal
Church, Bishop I. W. Joyce, D. D., LL.D.,
Minneapolis. Minn. *
On behalf of the Methodist Episcopal
Church South, Rev. H. M. du Bo6e, D. D..
Nashville. Tenn.
On behalf of the Methodist Episcopal
Church of Canada, Rev. James Henderson,
D. D., Toronto, Canada,
On behalf of the" Colored Methodist Episco
pal Church, Bishop L. H. Holsey, 'D.
Atlanta, Ga.
MECHANICS' PAVILION—
7:45 P. M. -
Chairman, Rolla V. Watt, San Francisco,
Cal. \ *,
Song sen-ice: J. j. Morris, musical director;
devotions; Rev. H. M. McKnlght, Los An
geles, Cal.
ADDRESSES.
"Young PeoDle's Movement In the Nine
teenth Century," Rev. Charles ¦ Bayard
Mitchell, D. D., Minneapolis, Minn.
"Young People's Movement In the Twen
tieth Century," Rev. G. W. Kerby, B. A;,
Montreal, Canada.
"Methodism of the Twentieth Century,"
T.-B. Hutchinson. Napa, Cal.
| ALHAMBR A THEATER—
7:45 P. M.
Chairman, Rev. A. C. Crews, Toronto,
Canada.
Song service; W. C. Stadtfeld. musicaf"
director; devotions; Rev. P. A. Cool, D. D.,
Spokane, Wash.
ADDRESSES.
"Young People's Movement In the Nine
teenth Century," -Rev. Alonzo Monk. D. D.,
Knoxville, Tenn.
"Young People's Movement In the Twen
tieth Century," Rev. Matt S. Hughes. D.
D., Kansas City, Mo.
"Methodism of the Twentieth Century,"
Rev. E. E. Scott, Vancouver. B. C.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE—
7:45 P. M. *
Chairman, Rev. T. N. Ivey, D. D., Ra
leigh. N. C.
Song J service; Isaac E. Blake, musical
director; devotions; Rev. G. .H. Cobbledick,
D. D., Botbwell, Ontario, Canada.
ADDRESSES.
"Young People's Movement in the Nine
teenth Century," Rev. C. W. Mlllard, D. D.,
Yonkers, N. Y.
"Young People's Movement H the Twen
tieth Century," Rev.' John H. Coleman,
D. P., Glens Falls, N. Y. -
"Methodism of the Twentieth Century,"
Professor Collins Denny, D. D., Nashville,
Tern. .
EPWORTH PROGRAMME FOR TO-DAY
been adorned with a beautiful art loan ex
hibit, the larger portion of which t came
from the Hopkins Institute of Art. i
In tho Eastern portion Miss Helen
Keller gave several stereopticon exhibi
tions, which will be continued daily be
tween the sessions of the convention. By
Blmple arrangement of curtains that por
tion of the art gallery has been be parti
tioned off and made dark enough for a
successful lantern exhibition. Pictures
of the famous war vessels-built by the
Union Iron Works and several models of
the same boats have been installed in the
same portion of the building. The pic
tures of the Olympia and tho Oregon at
tract considerable attention.
The rest room is in the Immediate
charge of Miss May Thomas of Ukiah,
Miss Grace Williams of. Santa Rosa and
Mis3 Lulu Shelton of Woodland, three
members of the reception committee, who
will have charge of the aids detailed for
thl3 work. . — ;...:-• : .4-av-:
Continued from Page One.
TRAVELERS ARRIVE BY THOUSANDS
Continued from Page . One.
Governor A. T. Bliss, Lansing, Mich. ; Rev
Samuel Plantz, Appleton, Wls.; Bishop Henry
W". Warren, Denver. Colo.; Bishop Earl Crav
ston, Portland, Or.; Rev. John M. Buckley,
New York City; Rev. Joseph Berry. Chicago;
F. D. Fuller, Chicago; Rev. J. W. Frlzzelle,
Rock Island, 111.; Rev. Edward M. Taylor,
Cambridge, Mass. ; Rev. A. H. Long, La Porte.
Ind. : Rev. Bennett E.- Titus, Syracuse, N. Y.;
•G. M. Wheeler, Providence, R. I. ; Rev. Robert
Remington Doherty. Jersey City; Rev. George
W. Pennlmen, Clinton, Mass.; Rev. 'H. A.
Schoetter, Covlngton, Ky. ; Rev. Charles Bay
ard Mitchell, Minneapolis; Rev. Matt' S.
Huffhos. Kansas City; Rev. John H. Coleman,
Glen Falls, N. Y.; Rev. Ward Beecher Plck
ard. Cleveland. O. ; Rev. Fred de Land Leete,
Rochester, N. Y.; Dr. B. L. Paine. Lincoln,
Neb.; Rev. J. W. Boshford, Delaware, O.; Wil
lis W. Cooper. Kenosha, Wls. ; Rev. Edwin
Locke, Holton. Kan.; C. A. Gos, Omaha: Rev.
J. XV. Van Clear, East St. Louis; Rev. W. D.
Parr, Fort Wayne, Ind.; Rev.. S. S. Sulllger,
New Whatcom, Wash. ; Rev. P. L. Cobb. Nash
ville; Rev. - T. A. 'Moore, Hamilton, Canada;
Rev. R. A. Carter. Cambridge; Rev. A. C.
¦ Crewe. Toronto, Canada: Rev. John TlRert,
Nashville; Rev. G. W. Kerby, Montreal; Rev.
A. Monk. Knoxvllle, Tenn. ; Rev. T. N. Ivy,
Raleigh, N, C. ; Professor Collins Denny, Nash
ville, Tenn.: Rev. E. A. Pearson, Aurora, Can
ada; Rev.' T. E. E. Shore, Toronto, Canada:
Rev. B. B. Hoss, Nashville, Tenn. ; Rev. J.
W. Newman, Alabama; Rev. Jamea Henderson,
TorontOL Canada; Rev. "W. H. Wilbron, To
ronto, Canada; Rev. J. M. Barcus. ¦ Texas ; Rev.
W. J, Smith, Toronto; Rev. G. R. Turk, To
ronto.
LEAGUERS APPEAR AT PAVILION
Rev. E. J. Harper of Macon, Ga_, trav
eling and financial agent of the Wesleyan
Female College of that city, is another
leading arrival. The school with which
Mr. Harper is connected was founded in
1836 and graduated its flrst class in 1840.
It now contains 350 ladies and has a plant
worth $300,000, with an endowment of $50,
000.
Rev. Mr. Spencer, general secretary of
the Church Extension Society of New
York, arrived during the day. Among the
noted arrivals registering at the Palace
yesterday were the following:
Yesterday's arrivals included many more
noted men of the League. Among these,
was Rev. £>r. Thirkield of Cincinnati, an
old college mate of Dr. Hutsinpiller of the
Central M. E. Church of this city, whose
guest hetwill be while here. Dr. Thirkield
will also occupy Dr. Hutsinpiller's pulpit
next Sunday. He is general secretary of
the Freedmen's Aid Society and Southern
Education Society and ex-general secre
tary of the Epworth League.
The Freedmen's Aid and Southern Edu
cation Society is one of the greatest de
nominational institutions in the world. It
sustains forty-three institutions in the
South, with 400 teachers and 10,000 students,
about equally divided as to color. It aim?
to reach the 10,000.000 negroes and 3,000,003
"mountain whites" in the Southland. Dr.
Thirkield. who succeeded California's own
Bishop Hamilton as its general secretary,
has been a worker in the South for seven
teen years under its auspices and Is cred
ited with some notable achievements. He
was a leader in the establishment at At
lanta, Ga., of the Gammon Theological
Seminary for the education of colored
ministers, and chiefly instrumental in
equipping it with a $500,000 endowment,
largely made up of redwood lands in this
State. He is booked to address the. con
vention on the work of the society of
which he is secretary. ¦"'."-•
League Included Among
the Arrivals.
Many More Noted Men of the
DISTINGUISHED
VISITORS COME
easy chairs, tables»and other comforts for
the convenience of the visiting ministers.
The Ministerial reception committee, of
which Rev. John Stephens of Simpson
Memorial Church is Chairman, will receive
, and .the clerical delegates there.
The central portion of the art gallery has
Commencing yesterday morning there
was a detail of the reception committee
constantly on hand in the art gallery.
This spacious apartment has been set
apart as a rest room. The. west end has
been partitioned off and furnished with
Clerical Delegates Will Be
Received by Local
Ministers. .
REST ROOM IN
ART GALLERY
.The. man , who . makes ¦. trouble '.- between
two women gets more < enjoyment out of
it than the women do.
HAD HIS COLLAR-BONE BROKEN.—Wil
liam Howard, while eprintlng on a bicycle
Kulong Golden Gate avenue yesterday, . fell from
bia eeat and broke his collar-bone. Howard,
after treatment at the Enjereency Hospital,
was sent to his home at 10 Dodge place.
Special Epworth League Excursion to
[ Los Angeles and BeturnJ JJJ15.OO. '
Thursday, July 25. Good going on, any
train, -either, Coast line or -via Fresno.
Return limit August 31. Stopovers'",** Pare
for Epworth Leaguers and friends only
$15 round trip. Offices of . Southern ¦ Pa
cific. '613 Market' street- and- Mechanics'
Pavilion. . ¦ . . . •: . ¦ ;
Receiving Hospital Open.
The receiving hospital being conducted
by the Pacific Hospital Association in the
Pavilion has been placed in running
order. Dr. H. A. Hess is in charge,
with Mrs. Dr. J. W. Cook assistant. E.
E. Porter will have charge of the male
ward and Miss E. E. Peterson will ¦ be
head nurse. Her -assistants are Miss
L. Drake, Miss M. Berhnes, Miss Shier
Miss A. Campbell, Misg E. Stone, Miss
Hampton and Miss " Edith Owens. •
The flrst and only patient yesterday
was a worklngroan who fainted and cut
his head in falling. 'Mr. 'Porter dressed
the wound, which was not Berioua.
Leaguers attended' tho various receptions
accorded- to state delegations at local
churches. Addresses of welcome were de
livered by eloquent divines, and general
Kalee services were the rule. The con
vention formally opens at the Pavilion
this afternoon, though there will be praise
cervices at the churches In the morning.
In addition to exercises at this place
there will be meetings -at the Alhambr.a
and Metropolitan Temple. Interesting
programmes will be rendered.
The specials from Iowa and Michigan,
the latter carrying among its passenKors
Governor Bliss of Michigan, arrived many
hours late. The parties were large ones,
and all report having had an excellent
time en route.
¦ Among the trains to arrive this morning
are the Reynolds & Baird : special of -287
people and the Cincinnati special,Icarry
ing 292 passengers, conducted by J. S,
Marshall. . It is believed by the railway
officials that the last special will have ar
rived before 5 o'clock this evening," .
here In the morning- an hour behind time,
•was In two sections,. both of which were
crowded. The first section bore the
leaguers from Los Angeles, San 'Diego
and other points south, while the second
carried the Bakersfleld and Fresno con
tingent. The parties were escorted to the
Pavilion by the Townsend depot detail of
the reception committee, where accom
modations were readily provided.
' McKlnley reception committee, $1500; Risdon
Iron Works, $50; John Finn Metal Works, »50;
The Chutes. $25; Security Savinus Bank, $25;
Hlckmott Asparagus Canning Company, J2§[
John Curry, $25: American Bteel and Wire
Company, *25 : F. A. Hyde, . J25 : Shalnwald,
Buckbee & Co., $20; Demlng-Palmer Milling
Co., $20; A, L, Hettrick& Cq,, $20; Indianapolis
Furniture Company, $20; Meyer Bros., $20; Pa
clilc Metal Works, $20; Charles C. Moore, $10;
W. H.' Fuller Desk Company (second donation),
$10; A,. - C. Freese, . J10; "Weaterfeld's Bakery
(second donation), $10; Chlnn-Beretta Optical
Company, $10; Parisian Dyeing and Cleaning
Corrpany,- $10; M. Wlndt, $10; , San Francisco
Packing and Provision Company, $10; Roth,
Blum & Co.. $10; California Barrel Company,
JlOjTha Rush Estate, *10: Wing Sing Loong
Co, $5; Barr, Atchlson & Co., $5; B. Stubb, $5;
A; Miller, $5: Gullixson Bros,. $5; Carson Glove
Company $5; Slg. Cohen; $5; - Sanford: Bros,
(second. donation),, $5;, the Bella Vista, $5: the
Palace Grotto, $5: the Junction Cafe, $5; Mar
ket-street * Chophouse, J5;-S. ' Quarsr, -•¦
viously reported, $2045; total,'- $18,033; grand
total, ,,$20,0S0.
The subscriptions to the convention
fund yesterday aggregated $2145. This
sum Includes the $1500 donated by the
Presidential reception committee as not
ed by the press yesterday morning. The
total of r subscriptions to date is $20,080.
The subscriptions yesterday were: . ;"
Subscriptions to the Fund.
Rallies of State delegations will be held
on Saturday night, commencing at 7:30
o'clock at the following churches:
Central M. E. Church— Ohio, and Michigan.
Grace M. E. Church— Indiana and Illinois. '•¦
Howard-street M. _.E. Church— New York,
New Jerssy and Delaware. - .-
Simpson Memorial Church — Pennsylvania,
Maryland and District of Columbia.
Trinity M. - E. Church— Oregon, Washington,
Idaho and Montana.
I First M. B. Church— Colorado. "Wyoming,
New Mexico and Arizona.
Centennary M. E. Church South— All South
ern' Learuers.
First Congregational Church— Iowa, North
and South Dakota.
United Presbyterian Church— Missouri, Kan
sas and Nebraska.
First BaDtiat Church— AH Canada Leaguers.
Swedish Church, Howard street, near Ninth
—All Swedish Leasuers.
Third Congregational Church— Minnesota and
Wisconsin.
St. Paul's German Church, Broadway, near
Stockton street— All German Leaguers.
STATE RALLIES
SATURDAY NIGHT
¦ The proceeds derived from this source
will be devoted to the fund for the erec
tion of- a new Epworth Church. "The res
taurant is being managed by J. GK Gage,
and the assistants areladles belonging to
the ' various " Methodist churches. The
ladies who served the tables yesterday
are members of '- the "> California-street
Church.- Those who will assist to-day are
ladies of the Central Church. To-morrow
Simpson Church will be represented, and
on Saturday tho ladies of Grace Church
will aid. . On Sunday the Howard-street
Church ladles will officiate, and on Mon
day it will be general volunteers' day.
'.-In -addition.. to .the serving of substan
tial meals the. ladies have donated many
souvenir articles to be sold for the benefit
of ' the church. - These include little ar
ticles made of California redwood, burnt
work," bric-a-brac and articles of personal
wear and adornment. Persons wishing to
aid the cause in the shape of donations of
edibles and articles of any description are
requested to send the same to the build
ing, where Rev. Mr. Woodward may con
stantly; be found. . ; - : . „ :
The Epworth Church of this city, Rev.
W. M. "Woodward, pastor,' has established
a restaurant opposite the Pavilion with
an entrance on Larkin and another on
Market rtreet. An excellent meal is
served here to all comers at 25 cents each.
More than 1500 persons were served yes
terday. ¦
Ladies of Methodist Congre
gations Serve as
RESTAURANT OF
EPWORTH CHURCH
The t map of the world prepared for the
Ecumenical Council Missionary Confer
ence of New York arrived In .the city
and was hung up in the missionary ex
hibit last night. It is 50 by 27 feet in size
and is the largest map of the world in
existence. This -addition to the exhibit
will, no doubt, prove a source of interest
to every visitor. "
all parts of the United States .will assem
ble and discuss plans for the missionary
campaigrh. , , [Tj \
F. D. Fuller, chairman of the *pro
gramme committee, announced last night
that the time of meeting of league work
ers, set for 2 o'clock to-day in the art gal
lery, had been changed to 1:30 o'clock. All
presiding elders, Epworth League officers
and others Interested in the work are re
quested to attend the conference to be
held, at that hour. An address will be de
livered by- Dr. James M. Buckley, after
¦which General Secretaries Joseph F.
Berry, H. M. Du Bose and A. C. Crewes
will present new features of league work
to be launched at- the convention. It is
desired that evety chapter shall be repre
sented at this meetinc.
Notice, to League Workers."
Explanations were made and tho guest*
departed, all promising to be on hand last
night. And all went well at the second
attempt. The event took place at the
home of a mutual friend, Mr. Chandler
1206 Golden Gate avenue.
Miss Martha Brigham of Toledo, a hard
some young lady of 23, arrived in the city
yesterday about noon and at 8 o'clock la«st
evening the Rev. Dr. jHutsinpiller of the
Central Methodist Church pronounced the
words that made her the wife of William
C. Vandergrlft, a young draughtsman of
thia city.
This was the consummation of a ro
mance that originated In her native city.
All of the arrangements had been made
for the event to take place Tuesday even
ing, but after the guests had arrived and
the minister was ready, a telegram was
handed the young man, which announced
that the bride-to-be was Just over the
Nevada line on one of the belated* trains
and could not keep her promise. '
Away When Guests
Assembled.
Miss Martha Brigham Far
STALLED TRAIN
DELAYS WEDDING
The services were conducted by the pas
tor, Dr. Wilson, assisted by Dr. Case.
Most of :he time was occupied in im
promptu testimony and greetings.
F. A. Jackson conducted the services at
the Central Methodist Church in the ab
sence of the pastor. Rev. Dr. Hutsinpiller,
¦who was attending a wedding. This
church was not so elaborately decorated
as the Howard street, but was crowded
to the vestibule, as its sister. The
samrt order of service prevailed here and
nearly all the States were heard from, as
well as Oklahoma, Rev. W. A. Spencer
was compelled to come forward and sing
a song when he arose to speak. At the
close Dr. Chase introduced the pastor, who
had just entered, as the president-elect of
the University of Ohio. I He added, how
ever, that Dr. Hutsinpiller had refused
the proffered honor. A social time fol
lowed. _, > -•
pretty banner occupied a conspicuous
place.
At the present moment the working pecple
of San Francisco and the Pacific Slope are pro
foundly apprehensive by reason of the ap
proaching expiry of the Chinese exclusion act,
the provisions of wh'ch lapse by limitation on
Hay S. 1902. We feel certain from all experi
ence that unless* the exclusion act is perpet
uated, great numbers cf Chinese will shortly
enter the United States and establish them
eelves in occupations upon which our own citi
zens now depend for a livelihood. For that
reason we have taken all possible steps to ln
eure the re-enactment of the Chinese exclusion
act at the coming session of Congress.
We may say here that the sense of the masses
in ?he West is now, as it always has been,
practically unanimous for the maintenance of
Chinese exclusion. Wo recognise, however, that
vre must depend upon the sentiment of the
citizen* of other sections of the country for
the support necessary to carry out this meas
ure of national legislation. For this reason
we address you, and, furthermore, for the rea
son, that, as we are given to believe, a large
public opinion in the East now favors the un
restricted admission of Chinese. We cannot
believe that these representations correctly ex
press the attitude of our fellow-citizens In
other localities. At any rate, we are convinced
that in es far as such sentiment may prevail,
it is ba^ed upon an inadequate knowledge of
the facts. With us the actuating motive Is not
altogether a question of excluding the "cheap
man," although, of course, that question Is a
very important and material factor. The ques
tion that really underlies the whole movement
for Chinese exclusion, and that which we de
eire particularly to bring to the attention />[
the Epworth League because of Its direct bear-
Ing upon the work of your organization, is
mainly a moral one. In brief, it is a question
of health and home. During your stay among
us you will no doubt have an opportunity of
Inspecting Chinatown, where you will be shown
the Chinese in their own homes. With your
permisElon we would ehow you, as well as we
may, the Chinese In our homes. In the only
opportunity at your disposal you will be shown
the Chinese in their plcturesqueness, suavity
and liberality; we would show them in their
filth, vice and poverty. You will be shown the
Chinese In the Sunday schools and missions;
¦we would. If need be, show them in the gamb
ling dens and opium Joints. You will be shown
.the part taken by the Chinese as domestics In
the American family; we would ehow the part
taken by them as clave masters in their own
families.
Bring Vices and Diseases.
With us tbe question of Chinese exclusion Is
primarily* a question of preserving pure and
unsullied the ideals of American home life. In
a word. It Is a question of protecting ourselves,
our wives, daughters and sons from contami
nation by the degrading, repulsive and Im
moral characteristics of the lower-class Asiatic.
In. its social aspect the question, of Chinese
Immigration presents a number of well-defined
and generally understood phases that are deep
ly repellant to the cherished standards of the
American people. w * fln< l that the Chinese
bring with them, cultivate and hand down from
generation to generation laws, customs, vices
and even diseases, peculiarly their own and
yet essentially insidious in their effect upon
our people, and that they establish in the midst
of cur communities a social organism based
upon the principle of race preservation and
defiant cf all restraint, moral, legal or execu
tive — an organism that admits tbe American
only to contaminate him and which makes it
self felt ia the surrounding society with the
tame result. -
We desire that the Epworth League, or the
Individual members thereof, shall make all pos
sible Inquiry Into the lives and habits of the
Chinese in this city and vicinity, and their
effect, actual and possible, upon the lives and
habits of our own people. .We would ask, if
upon reflection their Judgment approves the
etep. that the members of the league shall use
their Influence In their respective localities for
the re-enactment of the Chinese exclusion act
at the coming cession of Congress. - .
Friends of the Epworth League, the worklng
nwm and the working-women of the Pacific*
Slop* submit their petition and ask you to help
them eave our domain from the threatened In
vasion of Asiatics and conserve its boundless
possibilities for the development cf the greatest
good to our race and people. Very respectfully,
W. H. GOFK. President. .
B. ROSENBERG. Secretary.
San Francisco Labor Council. July 12, 1&01.
try. . •'¦ ¦ ¦-¦ -»—-» • ¦-
Coast People Apprehensive.
San Francisco Labor Council
Addresses Epworth League
Convention on.This Topic
—! »¦
Request Is Made That Chinese
Exclusion Law be Consid
ered—Re-enactment Urged
»
The San Francisco Labor Council has
addressed the folio-wing communication to
tlie Ep-worth Leagru» Convention, -which
vrfll be read at one of the sessions of
ihyi body during the "week:
To the Flfti International Convention of the
Ejnrartb Leasrne —Friends: The San Francisco
Jjalwr Council, In the name of its 49,400 mem
bers engaged In tie industrial affairs cf the
city, begs most respectfully to tender to your
distineuiEaed gathering iu heartiest greetings
tuna elneerest -wishes lor the success of your
"We ti4 tou welcome la the name of the
Trorklagmen and worklagTromen, organized for
progress Is tbe material affairs of life by im
provement in the conditions under which we
earn «ur fiaCy bread. Wfl^bid you welcome in
the name ot the worlrinKinen and •workingwo
roen, organized lor progress in the moral and
intellectual phases of our being: by the study
*nd establishment of equitable principles of
ceallnt between man and man. We bid you
welcome In the name of tne worklnrmen and
vcrklnewomen, organized to glorify the Crea
tor by the application of the virtues of the
j^l.tecus life on earth.
We trust that the deliberations of the Ep
v.orth League -trill redaimc- to its continual
ferovrtb and the extension of its Influence as a
world power in every good cause. To the Ep
worthians throughout the world we would ex
tend our warmest congratulations upon the
¦worthy and complete manner ia which they
are represented by the convention, now bo au
epteioiiEly inaugurated in our city. To the
members of the convention, and to their ac
companying families and friends, vre would
tay: The rates of our city and the homes of
our pecple are open to you. Make free of them
at your pleasure. May your stay;, be long; yet
may It be too short to fill the measure of our
jr.utual. enjoyment and rood will. And when
the parting comes may it be with mutual re
epect and mutual hopes for the advancement of
& common cause.
Looking to the Future.
In the hours of relaxation that will diversify
end llgtten the more serious labors of the con
vention you will traverse our city, noting with
an impartial, yet friendly, eye that which you
may commend, as well as that wnich you must
deplore, in our civic surroundings. You will
cote the thorouchfares that extend with regal
sweep from bay to ocean; the alleys and by
ways that lie between, where dwell the sons
and daughter? of toll; the towering dome and
the groveling tenement; the hive of industry,
-where wealth accumulates, and tbe haunts of
idleness, -where men decay. You will mark, on
one hand, the peaceful haven that bears upon
its bosom a world-wide commerce, hardly ex
ceeded by that of any port In our country, and,
on the other, the great Pacific, whose majestic
swells break upon our shores in the never-be
ginning, never-ending anthem of th« sea.
As fou travel over our valleys,. plains and
mountains your cheeks will be fanned, your
nostrils graced and your hearts warmed by the
Bephyrs. scents and sunshine of a demesne la
den with the fruits and garnished by the flow
ers of earth's choicest giving. You will stand
in ewe before those subiime works of nature
that fe.ru the heavens or cast their eternal
Ehadows over the silent canyons. In city. State
and elope, from the queenly Tamalpals and
Twin Peaks that guard the Golden Gate to the
pnotr-capped Hood, standing sentinel on our
Northwest frontier, lies an American common
wealth, proud and potential —nature's noblest
gift to the indissoluble family of States.. Here
it lies before you. fit and awaiting to be mold
ed to the highest ambitions of man and the
greatest glory of God.
Friends, we ask you in all gravity, "Whafc
t-hall we do with it?" That which we have
i Iready done •with it we submit to your candid
i r.& discerning Judgment. We ask you to*"luark
well our conduct ia the past and our promise
of the future. We ask you. as our fellow-citi
zens, to epare no Jot or tittle of criticism; we
feel assured that, as our guests, you will ad
vise with us fully, earnestly and Judiciously,
and co-oi>erate with us generously and power
fully. The Pacific 6lope Is yours ae well as
oure. We most earnestly wish that its future,
under wise administration, may be blessed with
advantages to the United States and the whole
world, as we are confident that the result in an
opposite state of affairs will be harmful to
even the least considerable section of our coun-
EXCLUSION
OF CHINESE
DEMANDED
¦...-:¦ . . -¦;._"'¦¦ ••¦-•-. .• . . > ' -i "
THE SAN FRA.NO1SCO CALL, THURSDAY, JT3LY 18, 1901.
EPWORTH LEAGUE BEGINS CONVENTION WORK
YOUNGEST PRESIDENT OF COLLEGE
IN UNITED STATES IS A MEMBER OF
THE LOCAL RECEPTION COMMITTEE
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I GOLDEN GATE I
CLOAK and SUIT I
1 H0I1SF I
I 1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET STREET. 1
y The largest exclusive §
| Cloak and Suit House t|
H west of New York City. jy
I Great Reduction I
I Sale now on. I
I Tailor Soils, Jackets, 1
I Capes, Skirts, Furs and I
I Feather Boas. 1
| Misses' and Children's M
H • Long and Short Coats. j|
a Sts Usplty ia our wladovt. K\
Golf-Grip '
Eye-Glasses
(Patented April a, 1901),
NEVER TILT OR SLljp
Only to be had of
OPTICIANS / L OT o5^ H ' CAPMR * T^
64Z Market 5t. instruments
UMDCR CMROMtCLE BUU-DtN-i. CATALOGUE FREE.
DR.MEYEHS&CO, gggg^
Specialists. Disease jt§^r5f ~ aC>^^^^
and weakness of «§§#
men. Establla had Sra^ T _ M f
1SSL Consultation f^?f 4f*H r tl¥
and private book V,*^ zf* r^l
free, at offlc© "or by *CieV .'Viliil !
mail. Cures guar- [1$<V<€#&M*
anteed. 731 Mar- U5^«^
ket street (eleva. Jv "*^^^^»
tor entrance). Sao /woVJ^Kfe^kSEATTLE, July 17.— The contract for
the construction of an electric road be
tween Seattle and Tacoma, a distance of
twenty-eight miles, was let to-day.
COLON, Colombia, via Galveston, Tex.,
July 17. — By a recent "Governmental de
cree all exports from Colombian ports
will be subject to taxation. This ruling
carefully fixes the Isthmus in its expor
tation of bananas, cocoanuts. Ivory, nuts
and timber. The same decree orders that
lighthouse dues at Colombian ports, for
merly payable in sliver, shall be doubled
and made payable in gold.
Taxes on Colombian Exports.
Valuable Find of Ambergris.
SANTA BARBARA, July 17.— Unless
local scientists have made a great mistake
a valuable find of ambergris has been
made at Concepclon. W. F. Walraven, a
bridge carpenter, who has been at work
on the Southern Pacific bridges along the
coast line, came to town yesterday with
some specimens of a whitish, oily mass,
which he took to local chemists to ascer
tain what it was. They all pronounced it
to be a fine quality of ambergris. This
confirmed the belief of Walraven, who
has sent a specimen of the substance to
San Francisco to undergo a test by
chemical analysis. Should the test prove
its genuineness, the value of the find made
will probably exceed $5000.
UNCLE SAM WILL GET
NAVAL STATION BY LAW
Government Begins Suit in Hawaiian
Court to Condemn Land at
Pearl Harbor.
HONOLULU, H. T., July 10.— The
United States Government has begun suit
in the District Court of Hawaii to con
demn about 800 acres of land at Pearl
harbor* needed for a naval station. The
suit is the first definite step taken here
by the Federal Government looking to
the establishment of the proposed sta
tion. The complaint filed sets forth, that
the Government has been unable to se
cure from the owners of the property
quotations of prices at which they were
willing to sell, and that the land in ques
tion is necessary for the carrying out of
tho plans of the Government. The sum
of $16,800 is named as a fair price for the
land wanted.
VOLCANO UNDER SEA
HURLS UP PUMICE STONE
Phenomenon Off the Coast of Hawaii
Interests the People of
Honolulu.
HONOLULU, H. T., 'July 9.— A volcano
under the sea at Hawaii is indicated by a
recent phenomenon at Healakekua. Large
quantities of pumice stone suddenly ap
peared on the surface of the water, and
they are supposed to have come from
some subterranean discharge from the
volcanic depths. The water for many
miles was strewn with the stone. This is
thought to have some connection with
the recent signs of activity of the volcano
Kilauea.
KANSAS CITT, Mo., July 17.— Andrew
Carnegie has offered to give Kansas City,
Kans., $75,000 for a free library, the city
to furnish the site and spend $7500 a year
in maintenance.
They will make their home in San Fran
cisco.
SACRAMENTO, July 17.— A notable
event in local society circles was
the marriage of Miss Dorothy E.
Kirk, daughter of State Superin
tendent of Public Instruction T. J.
Kirk, and Frederick A. Houseworth,
which was celebrated at the home of the
bride's parents last night. Only a few
intimate friends and the relatives of the
young couple .witnessed the ceremony.
The groom is prominent in Insurance cir
cles in San Francisco.
The bride was attended by Miss Imo
gene Kirk, her sister, and Miss Gertrude
McCloskey of Holllster. Rev. C. L. Mlel,
rector of St. Paul's Episcopal Church, q(H
ciated. The young couple stood under
neath a beautiful floral canopy while the
vow was taken. An orchestra rendered
delightful music during the evening and
after the nuptials a wedding repast was
partaken of, accompanied by a rare ex
change of compliments and best wishes.
The Kirk residence was tastefully decor
ated for the event.
Mr,, and Mrs. Houseworth left on the
Oregon Express on their wedding trip.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, July 17.— Judge James C.
Brady of Kooteiiai County, Idaho, died
from the effects of an assassin's bullet at a
local hospital at 6 o'clock this morning.
His body was hardly cold in death before
his two children had been abducted and
were being hurried East on a Northern
Pacific train by their uncle, Frank Pine
of Keswick, Iowa. Father Purcell, a
Catholic priest and friend of the Judge,
whom the latter with his dying breath
had made guardian of the children, swore
out a warrant. The train was stopped at
Sand Point, Idaho, and the uncle and chil
dren were taken into custody by the con
stable. Idaho courts will be appealed to
to decide which shall be guardian of the
children. Tho decision will determine also
whether the orphans shall be brought up
in the Catholic or Methodist faith.
Judge Brady while In his office in
Rathdrum. Idaho, on the night of July 5
was shot by Henry Wilmbusse. "Wilm
busse is a German whom the Judge -had
committed to an insane asylum and who
escaped. He llred once, the bullet pene
trating under the Judge's right eye and
fracturing the skull at the base of the
brain. Wilmbusse fled, but was captured
in this city a few days ago by a police
man after a flght. , Two loaded revolvers
were found. on the prisoner. ,
Judge Brady was formerly a -Catholic..
He married a Methodist lady, who died
here two years ago.. »The children are a
girl aged 7 and a boy aged 5. After the
Judge was wounded and was dying he
went back to the Catholic faith. Despite
the objections of their uncle the Judge
had the children brought to his deathbed
and baptized by Father Purcell. Then he
commended the children to the priests
care, nominated another friend to be ex
ecutor of his estate and passed away. _
The grandfather and the priest started
to-day on the east-bound train for the
family home at Rathdrum with the chil
dren. The uncle accompanied them. He
took possession of the little ones when the
others alighted at the station and contin
ued the journey. The swearing out of a
complaint and wiring ahead for the arrest
quickly followed. „, \
Mr. P<ne prvs that when Mrs. Brady lay
dying the Judge, her husband, promised
tnat ihe two criildren should be reared in
the Methodist faith. He contends that
under this promise he was justified in at
tempting to carry out his dead sister s
wish with respect to her babies, even if it
were necessary to abduct them.
Judge Brady was one of the prominent
Democrats of Idaho, of«which State he
had been a resident thirteen years. He
was serving a second term as Probate
judge and was editor and owner of the
Silver Blade, the official paper of Koote
nai County.
Sensation Follows Killing of
Judge Brady by Insane
Assassin.
Iowa Citizen Is Taken
From a Train in
Idaho.
KIDNAPS A DEAD
MAN'S CHILDREN
Steel Corporation and Striking Members of the Amalgamated
Association Are Preparing for a Bitter Struggle—Ef
forts Are Being 'Made to Start Non-rUnion Mills
OFFERS OF ARBITRATION
ARE NOT BEING HEEDED
Beneath a Pretty\ Floral Canopy the San Francisco Insurance
Man and Charming Daughter of California's Superintend
ent of Public Instruction Are Made Husband and Wife
FRE DE RICK HOUSE WORTH
WEDS DOROTHY E. KIRK
WARSHIP SINKS
PIRATE JUNKS
Chinese Vessel Destroys
• Fleet of Sixteen
Sail Boats.
Annihilates the Crews, and
Those Taken Prisoner Are
Decapitated.
FEARFUL EXPLOSION
OF MILITARY BALLOON
The few prisoners who were taken were
executed on board the warship the fol
lowing morning. They were lined up in
a row and decapitated.
Two of the junks attempted to rescue
the leader of the pirates, who had been
thrown overboard, but was uninjured. No
sooner was he on deck than the two
junks were locked together with grap
pling irons and anchors and a last stand
was made there. Two boats' crews from
the warship came up and with their
rifles and a machine gun stripped the
decks of every living man. Then, Junk
by junk, the warship's men boarded the
craft and put to death with their swords
and revolvers those who still remained
alive. By 10 o'clock in the morning the
warship sailed away with not a single
living man left behind and only the
burning wrecks of the fast-sailing boats
of the pirates marked the scene of the
battle. •
The Chintai came up with the main
body of junks at 4 o'clock in the morn
ing, and, as the haze disappeared, the
'Junks tried to make sail and scatter out
in flight. The warship was in such a po
sition that she could use her heavy
broadside guns and the artillery that
points directly over her bow. One by one
the junks were dismasted, and the shrieks
of wounded and dying men mingled with
the roar of the guns. Three junks were
sunk almost with the first shots, and the
bodies of dozen of the pirates who had
jumped overboard in a vain endeavor to
escape death dotted the sea. Solid shot
ripped the junks from end to end, and
assisted in the annihilation of the crews.
The decks were slippery with blood even
before boarding parties were sent out
from the warship to complete the work.
VANCOUVER. B. C, July 17.— Sixteen
pirate Junks, returning from a buccaneer-
Ing expedition in a thickly populated set
tlement on the coast just north of Shang
hai, were rammed or blown up by the
Chinese man-of-war Chintai .three weeks
ago. News of the big sea flght was
brought to-day by the Empress of India,
whose passengers say it was the bloodiest
punishment that has been meted to the
pirates during recent years.
. The Chlntal had -been chasing the pi
rates for two days. She could easily have
come up with tiiem at any time, but
waited for the favorable opportunity that
came early on the morning ol June 28.
One fleet of ten junks parted company
witn the others -during the night, but it,
too, was being chased at last account,
and Its destruction seemed certain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
One Person Killed and Forty
. Badly Injured on
an Island.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 17.— During
operations with a military balloon near
Schluesselburg, on an island in the Neva,
twenty-one miles east of this city, the bal
loon exploded and blazed up. One person
was killed and twenty were injured, sev
eral fatally.
Low Southern Pacific Bates From All
Over the "West to San Francisco.
Tickets on sale at all Southern Pacific
stations to San Francisco and return at
low rates July 15 to 18, arriving San Fran
cisco not later than 18th. Additional dates
of sale in California only 19th and 20th,
reaching San Francisco by 20th. Limit
31st.
LONDON, July 17.— At a meeting to-day
of the Eastern Telegraph Company,
Chairman Sir John Barry announced that
in conjunction with the postofflce author
ities the directors of the company were
formulating a scheme to enable the pub
lic, by means of a code, to cable to the
Far East for about one penny a word.
Cablegrams at Penny a "Word.
Stinson Wins Bicycle Race.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., July 17.— Stlnson
won the twenty-flve-mile motor-paced
bicycle race from Walthour this evening
in 39:15:25, breaking the .record for a six
lap track.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 18, 1901.
BALDWIN CONFIDENT
i • OF FINDING .THE POLE
Ships of the New Expedition to the
Arctic Sail From i
Norway.
TROMSOE, Norway, July 17.— Shortly
Lefore midnight last night the ships of
the Baldwin-Zeigler Arctic expedition
weighed anchor and with the stars and
stripes and Norwegian flags at their
masts steamed off to the north." As they
left the harbor the crewa of the other ves
sels there <ave the expedition a parting
cheer.
Evelyn B. Baldwin, chief of the expedi
tion, was in excellent spirits. His last
words to a correspondent were that ho
had little doubt of reaching the north pole.
The America will proceed first to Arch
angel in Russia and than return to the
Island of Vardoe. off the coast of Norway,
whence the final - departure for Franz
Josef Land will be made. Touching at
Hounlngsvaag, the America and the Bel
gica will pick up the Frithjof and all three
vessels will proceed northward together. .
All affiliated unions have been asked
not to patronize drug stores after 9 p. m.
It Is the intention of the drug clerks to
close all stores at 10 o'clock if possible.
A letter has been cent to all physicians
and clergymen asking their support
The committee appointed by the Retail Drug
Clerks' Association to devise plans for short
ening- hours held a meeting- on Tuesday night
and adopted a card to be placed in various lo
calities. readlnK as follows:
"Help the drus clerk. Purchase your drugi
before 10 p. m.; 8 to 10 hours is the ordinary
day's work. Why not be reasonable with the
men who have the lives ot the community In
their hands? Give them shorter hours."
The Retail Drug Clerks' Association has
issued the following address to the public:
The restrict Council of Carpenters has
elected the following named officers:
President, H. A- Butler; vice president, J.
P. Harkins: secretary, J. F. Macdonald;
treasurer. M. Sa.unders; warden, C. Mul
ler.
Carpenters' "Union No. 95 has donated
$25 to the striking machinists and ac
cepted the new by-laws of the Building
Trades Council.
Branches 1 and 5 of the Brewery Work
men's Union met last night to discuss the
changes in the schedule proposed for ih6
consideration of the Brewers' Protective
Association. These were ratified and will
be submitted at a meeting to be held this
afternoon.
The barkentlne Mary Wlnkleman ar
rived from Kahulul yesterday after a
long passage of thirty-three days. On
June 14 the maintopmast head carried
away, which accounted for the delay. On
July 14 in latitude 37 degrees 3 minutes
north, longitude 127 degrees 57 minutes
west, an Indian canoe about thirty feet
long was spoken. This is the craft in
¦which a couple of young men of British
Columbia are going to make a tour of the
South Seas. They left Victoria several
weeks ago. They asked the Wlnkleman
to report them, well.
Spoke an Tnriimi Canoe.
Ask Shortening of Their
Long, Weary Hours
of ToiL *
PITTSBURG, July 17.— "Wo have
not heard from the other side at
any time, in any way or on any
subject since we parted at the
Lincoln Hotel last Saturday."
This positive statement, made by Presi
dent Shaffer of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation this afternoon, disposes of the ru
mor from New York to-day that the strike
had been settled. Shaffer stated further
that no actual negotiations were on be
tween President Bishop of the Ohio State
Arbitration Board and himself tendlns
toward arbitration. A letter received by
Shaffer from Bishop, asking if he would
consent to the reopening of the confer
ence, has not been answered yet.
The principal events in the day's his
tory were the failure of the sheet steel
people to reopen the Wellsville plant with
non-union men; the offer of the financial
assistance made to the Amalgamated As
sociation by the two million members of
the American Federation of Labor, and
by the American Window Glass Workers
Association; the determination of the as
sociation to organize the immense steel
plant at Vandergrift, and the fact that
6everal of the closed plants are being pa
trolled by armed watchmen and guards.
Amalgamated Men Satisfied.
The Amalgamated officials to-night pro
less great satisfaction, over the results
accomplished since the strike, but officials
of the companies, as heretofore, will say
nothing 1 . ...»
The man upon the companies side who
had said anything up to date is Persifer
F. Smith, manager of the Sheet Steel
Company. The fight that he has on at
WellsviUe Is followed ciosely by the work
men, and to-morrow an open public meet-
Ing will be held at Wellsville. when Presi
dent Shaffer in person will present the
strikers' side of the case and endeavor to
overcome the effects of alleged misstate
ments concerning the late conference.
DRUG CLERKS
ADOPT A CARD
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
CHICAGO, July 17.— Unionism In the po
lice department and remote possibility of
a strike. Such are the latest develop
ments In the organization of wage earn
ers. Under the rhme of the Policemen's
Protective Association, an organization
perfected in a perfunctory manner last
April has developed into what is now rec
ognized in police circles as a typical union.
A membership of 1700 is said to have been
attained, and. confident in its strength, all
secrecy as to its alms and purposes is to
be thrown aside Sunday, when a big meet
ing is to be held and 100 new members
initiated.
Following the announcement of the
Mayor's policy to reduce salaries or com
pel involuntary "vacations" to meet the
deficiencies In the city exchequer, the po
lice department was disturbed to-day by
allusions to the possibility of a strike be
ing ordered. While there is nothing: in
the constitution to warrant such a. course,
it would be, ¦within the power of the rrpm
bers to decide upon a strike by ballot.
Officers Have a Strong Union
> and May Resist Loss
of Salary.
E&eci&l XMspatch to The Can.
SALINAS, July 17. — Scores of men and
boys fought for hours to-day to stay the
ravages of a series of grain fires, the ori
gin of •which has not been determined. By
their valiant efforts the several conflagra
tions were confined to small areas and the
valley saved from tremendous loss. At 2
o'clock this afternoon a message by tele
phone from Riverside, near the Spreckels
sugar factory, reported the gralnflelds
afire and asked that an engine and men
be sent. When aid arrived a field of 250
acres of barley belonging to L. B. Hig
gins was found 'n flames. It 'was claimed
two Chinese had driven along the county
road and after having lighted cigarettes
deliberately threw several burning
matches Into the field of standing grain.
Two hundred men were soon fighting the
fire, aided by several water wagons. After
a hard struggle they succeeded in check
ing the names. Higglns' loss is about $3000,
covered by insurance.
CHICAGO POLICEMEN
MAY GO ON A STRIKE
Hardly had the fire-fighters rested be
fore another alarm was received from a
field two miles distant and in close prox
imity to the sugar factory at Spreckels.
This fire was on the ranch of James
Thompson, and .. is said to have been
caused by sparks from a locomotive. The
entire force from the factory, aided by
the gang from the first fire, fought for
nearly three hours to subdue the flames,
which destroyed four immense stacks, the
product of 250 acres of barley ready for
threshing.
A third fir© was reported late to-night
about three miles from the scene of the
last one.
Three Field Fires Do
Great Damage Near
Salinas.
"Manager Smith has been invited to at
tend the meeting and make a statement
for the Sheet Company.
"While Wellsville is the present strike
center now, the battle ground will be
shifted to McKeesport next week if- the
report be true that the W. Dewees wood
plant of the American Sheet Steel Com
pany will resume operations.- This would
afford one of the most trying situations
of the strike. It would necessitate the
importation of non-union men from other
places, and the bitter feeling engendered
by such a movement would be hard to
control.
The report from Wellsville, Ohio, to
night says:
Boys Doing Men's Work.
"The attempt to start the "Wellsville
plant of the American Sheet Steel Com
pany this morning resulted in a partial
success. As a result one mill was in op
eration to-day with a complete force.
Boys are doing men's work and receiving
men's pay. Helpers are taking the places
of skilled workers and confusion reigns.
Although steam, is issuing from every
smokestack and the management says
three mills are working, millmen laugh
at their claim and say that there are not
men enough inside the plant to operatfe
one mill pronerly."
At Monessen, Pa., about 500 men of the
steel hoop mill are out. Much pressure is
being brought to bear on the 800 men of
the tin plate workers, and it is now con
sidered more than probable that they will
refuse to quit. Notices were to-day post
ed In the tin mill granting a voluntary
advance of 10 per cent to heaters and
catchers and 8 per cent to the rollers.
Percy E. Donner, superintendent of the
tin mill, said to-day:
"As far as I have been able to ascertain,
after a close investigation, only four or
five men talk of quitting:."
•The Monessen tin mill has a greater
output than any other mill In the combine
and all efforts will be made to keep it
running-. Repeated efforts to organize the
men in the tin mill have proved futile.
SCORES OF MEN
COMBAT FUMES
2TEW YORK, July 17.— Tlic daily loss of the three steel com
panies and men of the steel strike, according- to conservative esti
mates, exceeds $400,000. This is divided as follows:
AMERICA!* TINPLATE COMPANY $90,000
AMEBICAN SHEET STEEL COMPANY 50,000
AMEE-ICAU" STEEL EOOP COMPANY 70,000
TOTAX i 5210,000
¦WAGES OF 56,000 MEN .$206,0OJ
GRAND TOTAL $416,000
LOSS DUE TO THE STRIKE
PRINCIPALS IN A PRETTY
WEDDING CEREMONY AT
THE CAPITAL CITY. '
Seattle-Tacoma Electric Line.
THE
3
» ADVERTISEMENTS.
Naptha and soap together —
Fels-Naptha soap — more effi-
cient than soap.
Your grocer returns your
money if you don't like it.
Fcls & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
I DR. GREEN, Specialist. |
1 DISEASES OF MEN QUICKLY CURED. 1
;V Ebbi fpreckeli Eci'dias, Eoomi 118-418, @
&> Off s* Hour*: 40 A. M. to 3 P. M., 7 to 9 P. M. ,S.
® Sund«yf, 10 A. M. to 2 P. M. ®
f\ a —— n nil I f Corner Fourth and
Pftff RnVft 'sr-h-r-^ss.-
Uril i]UlnL £tcam and La*"-. .
WIU " "• W1 !"""5c. Overcoats and;
valises checked free, j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' x£f The reductions we quote ln\ : " 5
«r< this ad are bona-fide. They are -_
vj" especially made for Frlday"a V
±- sale and pood only on Friday. .:¦¦.
;\ The shoes are stylish, well ;•*.
•p made and in every way desira-
"£ ble. H
1'. The regular price, as quoted 3
V # in each Item. Is the price you ;•
.*•' will have to pay in case you -.•
£ wish to purchase any day ",'
is other than to-morrow.
£ We hold these sales every js
£ Friday. . M
.v INFANTS* SHOES—
¦: l Laird, Schober & Co.'s make '•„'¦
f\ —black or tan, kid or patent /
leather— sizes 1 to 5^ — our reg- »*.-
;V ular $1.25 line. Special for Frl- v.;
•,t day's sale 85c pair >:¦
5 CHILDREN'S SHOES— v
j'. Laird, Schober & Co.'s make :<
V —kid only— lace or button — '\
« hand-turned — spring heel s^ — "••
•* sizes 5 to 8 — our regular S1.50 S'
• •"•". line for Friday's sale t\ ¦ »£
* 81.10 pair :>
3 LITTLE BOYS' SHOES— *!
• A laced tan shoe of wonderful £
f- wearing quality — our great $2.00 -j.
•• leader. In sizes 9 to 13, will be 'i>
A placed en special sale for Fri- V
': day only at S1.3O Pair ft
V LADIES' SHOES— /•
¦-"• - A laced kid shoe with either j
*, cloth or kid tops— flexible sole — V.
;- medium weight and of good \%
•'• quality— our $2.50 line special J
£ for Friday's sale...$l.S5 pair R
; LADIES' KID OXFORDS— J
;-" Either patent leather or kid £
V tips— just the shoe for summer *.J
:; wear— our ?2.00 line special for r.
"k, Friday's sale $1.65 pair ;I>
£ Closing Out Tan Shoes. $
£ Everybody ought to buy their S
ft tan Ehoes now. "We are selling $
:A out our summer stock at a sac- .»
¦?; riflce. Some odds and ends are S
t'l priced at almost nothing. It la C- ,
Ci a grand opportunity to get a ;•
!i good pair of tan shoes cheap.
;> This sale will continue every ;;
;•• day until all tan shoes are sold, tf
;•_• See them in the windows. K.
THERE'S A NIGGER IN
THE WOODPILE
Of many laundries' claims for work-
quality.
Take them with a grain of salt and de-
pend upon the U. S. holding Its reputa-
tion for excellence of cleansing and fin-
ish, care In handling goods and prompt
and satisfactory service.
"No saw edges."
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Off Ice— 54 San Pablo Ave.
1 ThI* Great Trala
I A "° raw but twlc«
II per week during '
I THUBSDAT tt - M r\
H tuc Leaving at 9 am,
1 E It arrives In
I fftinrnniiii Chlca *° ** 2 - 18 I
I C&LIFQRH1& ,zvzr
1 LI ml I LU its hlflU standard ¦<
1 of sarvlcs Is
§ ON fully maintained.
DR. BALL'S REINVIGORATOKgragl
Five hundred reward for any HSKT^'sfijI
case we cannot cure. This secret HP"" '**_•_}
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours. E _?3
cures Emlsslocs. Impotency, Vari- f*3g Sgs
cocele. Gonorrhea. Gleet, Fits, nJn ftiffl
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all VOii U4U
wasti/is effects of Bel f -abuse or IgHQ
excesses. Sent sealed, ?2 bottle; 3 hJUrWnWalU
bottles. 15; guaranteed to cure »ny case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 855
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073ft
Market St.. S. F. All private dUeaaes quickly
cared. 8end for free book.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Halha
on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahla
£ Co. (est'd. 1852V 409 Market at.; upon in-
stallment or rented; also beer apparatua.
COAL, COKE ANJ PIO IRON.
J. C-, WILSON S C0-> TelephonrMafaTlSSi.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I AC RAYFC. * fft Shipping: Butchers. IM
JA> IHJ I E3 g V>U- clay. TeL Main 1234
~ ~~~ OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD ft ELLIS.
418 Front St.. S. T. Phone Main 1713.
LUBRICATING OILS. BNSIGX & McGUF-
FICK. 23 Spear St.. S. F. Tel. Main 8320.
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
LADIES* JERSEY RIBBED BLUE VESTS
2 for 15c. - 20c and 25c Linen Collars at 3 for
25c, Large Linen Spools 2 for 5c. at 105 Fifth.
printing:
EC HUGHES, ms^s^e^har.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO..
J3 First Street, San Francisco.
Bl^^HlBP ' Annua/ $y Abandon Homes, Friends and I
¥ iwlHm A Business to Escape the ¦ M x _Jl
lr%W .Jjfjjip \ Miseries of This Periodi- jk_M\ !C¥l
Rnmmiri^fejjJ^^^f *> CSBM %M£aW£&B*t*nM /TOsH 111 fc^: &t A^lss
1 ff^» yd$v\ Were y ° U ever at the 8tation o:f a h a 7- fever resort during the jBi I ? wH HjOT
1 -*-r^^^«*l^rT / KIMm^ u\ latter weeks of Au g u st? Oh, the panting, weeping, snuffling, sneez- \\\Mb|| ll^s'] ' r^fj
li^rey ' l '*%'&£- ' "K^* iDg ' cougbin S« husky-vciced throng! Disgusted with themselves, - " lrt l\w»!m«' fT^4~^^»Ji
m r^&$& y^ V II "^fliWl vi '^ compelled to drop every interest and take an expensive journey to get '! u\\W|| I r ~ r=^^
E *S~j^|L/^ $ | ||v relief from a most exasperating and misery-engendering malady. A a "11
E^^^^ . l^^!Sb J » ''v^ dejected, listless, disgruntled crowd. >ja B
H$l^|/1®\ T^L" 1 * iTfrl^tjIh ft Just listen to tn eir tales of woe. Says one, between sneezes, '" i\« Kr^ Ts
Hm' I HUll H-^2a\ J^T "I don't Bee how my business can spare me, but with this I was worse ' 1 r^Kr!
HI than useless there." Another wails: "I could have had a desirable JpjL j Lr—^S^l'B
Hr?^ *\Jdm^ :^&^ v l¥f7ff Si school at a good salary but the term begins the first week of Septem- fiWlik 1 t^-sSCnAX-fl
iiD'3&vY \VVY I Itirv ber and there X would be unable t0 do more than attend t0 my nose I IM \i - • 2§S?v!
till after a^heavy frost." Another: "This is the harvest time for my I F^fefiiPlilj
I* i A fk$t^^^&Jjftp_v business and hirelings won't half gather it in." Another: "I had to F&U H JaH Pc^-tII
n (/^/^S^jMy) iW^^^^M, rUn awa^ from a dan gerously ill child I should have nursed, but, in I il 1 ffll
M Wr^k^^m I/HIST rW e my condition * was a disturbing element instead of a factor for com- *¦" f S| | -^C^_\^%
B Jliiii^ml wHI^((k/ r> '^ f ° rt in the Sick room -" And like complaints; not one out for fun, not j. J^| 9 "'^^^^^H
one happy in the enforced exile; just prisoners to locality, waiting for *t M
£%>& M ulvw'* <rrrrtl\a»mv^ these people early in the season had purchased Stuart's 's^. >4k T i
Pv^. 4j-J J 4l\ Catarrh Tablets, which are for sale by all druggists at 50 cents a box, * ==^^^) r 4& B
iTxvS '3t x lv\ UUUwlSRDw Snd tak6n th6m f aithf ully so as t0 S et their systems thoroughly under ' « - ',11 Q ]£J |
if \ %^ Vuv^Auli^^*^^ e ' r n^ uence » ev would have been rendered immune to the excit- > ' !! 'R i [^- /M>?*\ Mi
I X^^^lfJ/^L X WwEsir antS ° f autumnal catarrh, the plant dust that has no unpleasant effect J© V v^^^Wfl^*^ Jsl
K '*'*-. on. constitutionally perfect people. They could have attended to (^v $*^* USl^ '* =!^11
M % their duties or their pleasures and been spared an expensive journey »jCt >S^ ' «§f^ ~H
Ik/' | "S* Vis- \iH ( inllPnlnVin A little folder and booklet on the cause and cure of hay-fever i4 ij Hvl&Wv a
BvV^W * 7 ¦ VJ limRf.tBmiai SDd catarrh \ mailed free to a11 who »PPly. Address F. A. Stuart Co., l LX i^BS^ HFourth Day of the Third National Shooting
Festival Gives Assurance' of the Com
plete Success of the Entire Celebration
Crack Shots Will Appear on the Ranges
To-Day and Will Try Their Marksman
ship for the Many Rich Prizes Offered
and more accretions to shooting reputa
tions. This is the order of the day, and
it has made a mild sort of delirium out
of the schuetzen gathering at Shell
Mound.
"SWEAT BOX" IS TRYING
ON THE NEEVES OF ALL
The glass cases that set off the hon
orary targets are veritable "sweat boxes."
When a suspect is taken in hand by the
THREE days came' and went at
Shell Mound Park this week
and when tho Ehootingr ceased
each nipht all that was heard
was: "Walt until to-morrow."
The to-morrow was yesterday.
When the long shadows fell on
the shooting ranges last night and
athwart the tables where the shooters
congregate after their rifle labors, there
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, JU^Y 13, 1901.
Salfleld, John Utsehljr. Auarust Hlntermann, s
John Brugger and H. Hlnkel of San Francisco.
Silver medals, for 60 points and over— H. M.
Pop*. Massachusetts ;.*M. C. Ramsey. Colorado:
K. D. East. Colorado: F. S. Sp«th, Cincinnati:
F. Mathle. "Wisconsin: E. F. Rtchter. Mllwau
kee: P. J. M&fcina. Chicago: -William Hayes,
New York; F. N. Schofleld, San Piego; E. D.
Neff. Loa Angles; Frank Uninstaller. Sacra
mento: W. C. Morken. John Utschttr. Jt Bach.
I*. C. Babin. A. II. Papo. John r>. Hata«. "WIU
Ham Ehrvnpfort. X>r. V. H. Crtuu. J. C "Wal
ler, H. Tletjen, H. Meyer, H. Hellberr. n.
Stettin and Otto Lemcke of San Fr&aclsco:
Max Schmidt. San Jose. . . . .
PROMINENT MEN WHO DISTINGUISHED THEMSELVES AT THE RANGES AT SHELL MOUND ON THE HON
ORARY AND GENERAL. PRIZK DAY OP THE THIRD NATIONAL. TARGETS DURING THE FOURTH
SCHUETZEN BUNDES FESTIVAL.
captain of detectives or the Chief of Po
lice and put through the mill of danger
ous cross-question ho goes through no
more trying ordeal than these men who
shoot on the . honorary target for the
handsome prizes offered for the three best
shots. Men of Iron nerve and steel cold
eyes, men who never falter in ordinary
rifle competition shake like a leaf when
undergoing tho test of the honorary
shooting. Their hands shake, their eyes
become dimmed and they come out of the
stand full of boyish apologies. This hri»
pens to the best of them, and that is why
porno dark horse Is likely to step In and
walk away with a prize that far exceeds
his merit for consistent shooting. Men
like William Hayes, tho shooting king ot
a continent, would not venture into tho
glass case until nerves, temper and eye
are all attuned to rbo work before them.
KING HAYES TBIES HIS
HAND AT SHOOTING
King Hayes essayed a few random
shots yesterday. He Is not yet right, and
no one knows it better than himself. This
man, cool, accurate and precise, will not
V #
ADOLPH STEECKEE, WHO IS
PICKED AS KING SHOOTER
OP THE UNITED STATES.
News travels quickly In the range sec
tion. Whenever & big score- is made a
shout pops up and then a rush is made to
the platform where tha tables and the
ready waiters are. Congratulations,
toasts, general hilarity come in train and
then a return to the butts for more honor
Rhine wine and shooting divided tne
honors of the fourth day. Good Bcores
always call for good wine with these
marksmen -who make the schuetzenfest
a prolonged holiday. And good scores
were found on every hand yesterday.
Prom the early chill hours of the morning
until tho ruddy sunset the shooters
poured Into the rlflo stands. The rifles
ppat their fire In an unbroken stream.
Every rang* received more than Its due
ef patronage and the shooting secretaries
were in a stew of labor and excitement
all the time. I
xras many a toast to the Third National
Bundes Fest They were honestly given.
The Third National Bundes Fest is a
One of the Old World who made a figure
yesterday was Julius Becker, for. many
years a resident of San Francisco, a shoot'
ing king in his native country and a wear
er of medals stamped with the marks of
foreign glory. He is a' Knight of the Or
der of Wlnrich von Knieprode, the father
of shooting guilds. Becker was at Marien-
their optics to blot 'out judgment, sight
and nerve.
PRESIDENT WELCOMES
KING OF OliD 'WORIjD
All this is "constantly recurring in^the
shooting stand. OutBfde in the park the
side life goes on. Here the kings of other
days, monarchs of the rifle, who have
reigned, abdicated or been deposed, keep
their small audiences attent with tales of
forgotten times. The bands play and the
glasses tinkle* and reminiscences flow like
the wine that gurgles out of the long
necked bottles. - •
bergr and Dantzlg for tho great German
shooting festivals and has. carved silver
to show for it. Taken in hand by Presi
dent Kuhls, he was the guest of honor of
tho day. President Kuhls welcomed him
in the name of all the shooters of North
America and said other kind things that
nindo the heart of Julius Becker beat with
pride.
•NOTEWORTHY SHOOTING
Or THE FOURTH I>AY
Tho big men of the fourth day's shoot
ing were Dr. F. Schumacher of the San
Jose Rlflo Club, President Kuhls and W.
Glindemann of the San Francisco Schuet
zen Verein. Schumacher earned his laurels
on the Eureka, the honorary target, and
is up to date the high man for special
prize, winnings. His three shots were made
on the Eureka and they added up just
70 points. On his first shot Dr. Schu
macher made 24 points. Then he repeated
this performance, something far out of
the ordinary. His third shot was 22. •
Altogether there were fifty-one shooters
on the honorary range. Max Schmidt of
the San Jose Rifle Club made 65. the next
highest score for the day. M. Reubold of
San Francisco made 64, and Jacob Grueh
lcr of Sacramento made the same score.
F. W. Belknap of Los Angeles made 63. W.
C." Morken and Antone- Lemalre of San'
Francisco made 61 each, and George Kef
fel of San Jose made 60, as did William
Dressier of San Francisco. These were
the best scores on the honorary target for
the day. ¦."¦-' - . "¦ ¦
"v "William Glindemann's shooting was of
the stem-winder kind. On the ring target
he reached the high score of 73" out of a
possible 75. He shot 23 on the first trial
and 25 twice right after It. Glindemann
shot three other cards, 70, 71 and 66. He
uses his own manufactured trigger.
Other high, scores were as follows:
Standard American— E. Berg. Iowa, 4S;
Louis Bendel, San Francisco, 48. Bear tar
get — F. "VV. Belknap, Los Angeles,' 15. Alan
target— John Utschig, 77; Charles F. Thier
bach, 77. • - .
F. P. Schuster made the first and Wil
liam Glindemann the last bullseye of the
day.- Charles Thierbach, -who holds the
world's record on the man target, on a
score of 79 out of a possible 80, made his
first appearance on the range yesterday,
and again went at the man target, scoring
77, though he promised to try and make
the possible before the festival closes.
The "coppers' shoot" to-morrow will not
find all the police officers of this cjty un
. practiced; ... The portly, i forms j of several
Strecker has fired 170 of his 200 shots for
the kingship. He was in such good-form 1
that he did not waste a minute of the
day, /perforating the targets until the
closmg hour. : In one string of ten shots
he registered 26 out of 30. Strecker has a
comfortable lead on all competitors up to
the present time. .
YOUNG MB. PAPE PALLS
IN HIS HONORARY WORK
If there was any chance of . big honors
on the honorary target .for young Mr.
Pape they have vanished. His 1 fall was
registered on the Eureka target, where he
did not find It. Full of hope,- A. H. Pape
attempted to surpass his father, who reg
istered 67 on Tuesday. It was son not like
father. Fifty-two was the young man's
score, and now there is deep mourning
in the Pape family. . Many .others will go
the same way, for they step into 'the'
honorary stand with visions -of tho tern-
pie of prizes before their eyes. It seems
as if the handsome, valuable cups . and
shining twenties . were dangling before
do hU best work for a few. days at least.
He has. an eye that makes itself felt even
to tho novice. It Is cold, calculating,
used to welghtnjr matters and, ranging dis
tances to tho smallest fraction of an inch.
When asked if he would ro Into tho hon
orary rar>ge yesterday he gavo* an em
phatic no. "I am not ready for the t«.3k."
he Bald, "Wlmn I am properly . strung
then I Bhall shoot my string." In blue
coat, the only change of dress he makes
for shooting, King Hayes prepared his
cartridges, and his gun for the work of tho
next few days. Ho does not expect to
equal his forme* record, for it Is some'
time since ho Jin a done any religious prac
tice with the rifle.
ADOLPH STRECKER, THE ,
MAN FOR THE KINGSHIP
The sapient are beginning to sift the
shooters and select the king for this fes
tival. Four men seem to stand on a pre
eminent step 'n the contest. They are
M. C. Ramsey of Grand Junction, Colo.;
Adolph Strecker of the California
Schuetzen, D. W. McLaughlin of the Gold
tn Gate Rifle and Pistol Club and Fred
Schuester of the Germania Schuetzen.
These men are shooting like demons, pick
ing off points that startle the markers and
scorers. "Look out for Strecker," is the
cry. There is a substantial foundation for
it, too, for Strecker is outdoing his own
remarkable records hour after hour. This
kingship will not be settled for some days,
and it keeps all in a conjectural, nervous
boll all the time. ¦ .
spirits of their police brothers who have
entered the prize shoot.
POPUIiAB MERCHANTS
FAIL TO HIT TARGET
On© of 'the amusing: features of "all
people's day" was the contest between
Pete WenJger and Louis Schlatter. Both
of these gentlemen eater to the tastes of
the eating: and drinkinff public. They be
came Imbued with the idea that they
were Intended for greater things than
catering to the wants of the "Inner man"
and spoke loudly of their skill with the
gun. Each one had probably used a rifle
before starting for Shell Mound, but thejr
scores were not of the kind that made
any great impression on those who know
What a good score is.
They shot for points and out of a pos
sible thirty in ten shots Schlatter mad©
ono. "Wenlger used up ten shots and did
not even see the flajr which tolls the
shooter that the target had been hit. At
the close of the contest Schlatter ' and
Wenlger were informed by an unfeeling
scorer that they would make good "farm
ers" as they had plow6d up more ground
than all the participants In the festival.
Emll Berckman of Hoboken. New Jer
sey, was one of the steady shooters of
the day.
PLUCKY MBS. ECAN1TEL
SCARES CRACK SHOTS
The marksmen at Shell Mound I*ark
yeaterdav were greatly surprised when
Mrs. O. F. Mannel stepped up to the en
trance of the class case facing the hon
orary target and presented a ticket enti
tling her to a try for one of the big
prizes. She .Jjot her "try." and Incident
ally made some of the crack, shots feel
rather small. When she relinquished her
gun she had 44 scored opposite her name,
and left the booth with the knowledge
that many of the men who tried for hon
ors would not get as many points.
Mrs. Mannel was nervous, otherwise she
would have made a higher score. To shoot
in the presence of so many men who had
national reputations as sharpshooters was
a little too much for the brave little wom
an, and she failed to come as close to a
dead center as she might. She succeeded
however, in frightening the "cracks."'
More than one expert rifleman' was heard
to remark that "Mrs. Mannel would make
them hustle to hold a place in the first
ranks if allowed to shoot under more fa
vorable circumstances."
Mrs. Mannel is the wife of Q. p Man
nel. president of the Columbia Pistol and
Rifle Club, and enjoys the distinction of
being the. champion woman revolver shot
of the coast. V
NOTES ALONG- THE LINE
'• : AS THE MAEJKSMEN SHOOT
E. H. Goetze earned one of the fastlval
cups yesterday by scoring more than 300
on the point target. ***
_One ;Qf the surprises of the day -was
Hans Becker, a la-year-old boy h 6 w £
played great skill with the rifle aid sue!
ceeded in scoring three twenty-ones on
the ring target. His scores at th? otw
e 1hInThe^v^a^e\Td U^d^
c^ry° £ fUtUre
; Dr. Fred Bangs, one of the best shots
among the members of/ the San t™!
Dr.;.E. Schumacher of the San Jose Rifle
Club ; Is Highest on tl^e Honorary Tar
get With, a Score of Seventy Points
William Glindemann of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein Makes the High Score
on the Ring Target Up to the Present Date
"bobbles" were . seen yesterday at Shell
Mound, and rumor has it that the officers
expended several dollars for gunpowder
and entry tickets- to enable them to get a
line on the ranges. Sergeant Helms and
Officer Kavanagh. two of the finest, were
caught facing the butts several time3
during the day, but they refused to shoot
in the presence of witnesses. The scores
made by the peace preservers were not
made public, as it was feared that their
averages would act as a dampeneron the
Cups, for scores of 300 points and above-^
.Tames Busfield. Massachusetts: L. Vogel, New
York; P. W. Belknap. Los Angeles: Captain F.
A. Kuhls. A. H. Pape, Kdward H. Goetze and
Adolph Strecker, all of San Francisco.
Gold medals, for 130 points and above— H. M.
Pope, Massachusetts: H. H. Uckotter. Cincin
nati; F. S. Speth. Cincinnati: O. II. Westcott.
Los Angeles: E. Maxey, San Jose; F. H. Banso.
San Jose; C. M. Henderson, F. P. Schuster.
Otto Bremer. ' F. E. Mason, M. F. Blasse. H.
Mocker. Louis Bendel, Adolph Strecker. E.
Ladd, J. W. Goetze, H. Gehret, C. Meyer. D.
• • -«.
ADOLPH STRECKER OF THIS CITY MAY
BE NEXT KING SHOOTER OF AMERICA
4
ADVERTISEMENTS. . : .
Do you have a feeling of undue fullness
in the stomach, belchings, or sour or
bitter risings? These are but a few of
the symptoms of the diseased stomach.
The worst thing which can be done
for the stomach in such a case is to take
some tablet or powder which merely
gives temporary relief from discomfort.
The best thing to do Is to begin the cure
of the disease by beginning the use of
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical. Discovery.
It cures diseases of the stomachy and
other organs of digestion and nutrition.
It makes the "weak* stomach strong,
and puts the body in a condition of
vigorous health. •
"I was troubled a long time -with dyspepsia,
torpid liver, and constipation," writes Mrs. Julia
E. Deal, ot Ostwalt, Iredell Ca, N. C. "Could
scarcely eat anything at all : would have attacks
of pain something like cohc, and sometimes it
seemed as though I could not live. I wrote to
Dr. R. V, Pierce, stating my condition, and in a
few days received a kind letter of advice, telling
me to use Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discov-
ery. I took four bottles, and one vial of Dr.
Pierce's Pellets, and now I can eat anything I
. want and it doa't hurt me. I have not been in
bed a day since I took- your 'Goldea Medical
Discovery,' and I have not since felt any symp-
toms of disease. I have not talcen any medicine
ia twelve months."
Dr. Pierce'a Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipation.
What S. S. & Does WjTWI
Jor Children
Children are constantly exposed to all sorts of dis- $|ltf^r It
eases. The air they breathe is filled with germs, sewer SjIsjyNv "aEz^it!
gas and dust from the filthy streets are inhaled into the f* N^HjjgJpl? 1
lungs and taken into the blood. At the crowded school 1 Voll?Si
rooms and other public places they come in contact \j' Vi
almost daily with others recovering from or in the first «S\\ s~v&WS>>e&
stages of contagious diseases. You can't quarantine M\V^^^m
against the balance of the world, and the best you can
do is to keep their blood in good condition, and thus ffi^J^^ctfr?/
prevent or at least mitigate the disease. You have 5 J S£y%ggS%Sai&5r
perhaps learned from observation or experience that |^^^^^^^
healthy, robust children (and this means, of course, g*f^^^^^^
children whose blood is pure) are not nearly so liable to l^&Zr-^^liM?
contract diseases peculiar to them, and when they do it flfc*y ' ~*^/§>eS$
is generally in a mild form. On the other hand, weak, jjsafl s '^Saiflp
emaciated and sickly ones seem to catch every disease I"\^sj**>ffi5
that comes along. This is because their blood is lack- I A V\?l^§wf"^i
ing in all the elements necessary to sustain and build S-iil-J^ynm:^
up the body. Poisons of every description 'accumulate jffij^^^f^-
in the system, because the polluted and sluggish blood $$T' '' '" ¦¦'
is unable to perform its proper functions. " Jf % fS^^^^fej
Such children need a blood purifier and tonic to give L^^^^^^.
strength and vitality to their blood, and S. S. S. , being a |^^^^^^^
purely vegetable remedy, makes it the safest and best for -^\a
the delicate constitutions of children. S. S. S. is not only llf^Prj^ fi||§7
a perfect blood medicine, but is pre-eminently the tonic ||l§k^^|i™
for children ; it increases their appetites and strengthens
the digestion and assimilation of food. If your child- wfTi^/^mrMi
ren have any hereditary or acquired taint in their blood, %]lv^*^Mj$iX
£ive them S. S. S. and write to our physicians for any f/ ui j <rtmpz
information or advice wanted; this will^cost you noth- £$1\ r^^sf 4^
ing, and will start the little weaklings cTri the road to es^-Lyjkwl '/fm
recovery. Book on Blood and Skin Diseases free. s^Z//lv^^
the swFr^sraaHCjco.. Atlanta, qa. j^™—^^The manner in which corn has held its
own during the drought was something re
markable, and is a source of wonder to
the' farmers;" In some places It has, had
no moisture for over two months. It has
made almost no growth, but the leaves
have been kept green and the tassel kept
off. Weeds coula not flourish in the dry
spell any more than the corn, and they
were easily eradicated. The fields are
therefore clean and have taken a new
lease of life since the rain. "With a large
wheat crop and the present" fair prospects
for corn.' drought suffering in Kansas will
be reduced to a minimum.
Good rains are reported to-night ever
portions of Eastern and Central Kansas,
and in each cage is mentioned the fact
that the rain i;Tnot ended. Emporla, Clay
Center, Ellsworth, Balina, Atcnison, fcjyi
vian Grove.: Great Bend, Concordia,
Quenemo, Ottawa, Fredonia and Osage
City are among the places favored with
rains, which ranged from one and a half
to two inches. .
Secretary Coburn.of the Kansas Board
of Agriculture ls .enthusiastic over the
result 'of the rain. Coburn has been
optimistic all along as to the ultimate out
come of the drought, saying there was not
the least cause for alarm, as Kansas could
well taue care of herself. He Is sure that
the corn yield will reach at least half a
crop If the present very favorable weather
conditions continue.
The drought In Kansas has been broken
and with it has gone the excessive heat
spell. It is the opinion among those who
have been watching the weather con
ditions that the season will be more fa
vorable to crops from now on.
TOPEKA, Kan., July 11.— Rains that
have fallen In Kansas last night and to
day have. practically assured a corn yield
of at least 50,000,000 bushels, and the yield
may be even greater. The State is under
the influence of a low barometric con
dition and more rain is expected to-night.
Correspondents from numerous Kansas
towns, in reporting rains, say that the
sky is overcast with clouds, to-night and
that more rain within a few hours is cer
tain. - *
Reports From All Sections
Promise Season of
Prosperity.
of. Fifty Million
Bushels.
• : ..- ; .- ... _ » 7 r /
Goad Rain Assures Yield
STORM SAVES
KANSAS CORN
ORIENTAL,' HOME OP THE "WOMEN'S HOME MISSIONARY SOCIETY,
BISHOP HAMILTON, WHO PRESIDED AT DEDICATION AND LA
DIES WHO WILL HAVE CHARGE OF THE INSTITUTION.
The house was tastefully decorated with
greens and geranium blossoms. Along the
side of the stairway hung a huge Chinese
flag, donated by the Chinese Six Compa
nies for the occasion.
furnish a room, but Mrs. C. W. Klnsey,"
Mrs. Matthews, Mrs. Beckman, Mrs.
Gardiner, Mrs. Bunny, Mrs. . Dearborn,
Mrs. Buckston, Mrs. Smyth, Bishop Ham
ilton and the Girls' School -at Fooehow
pledged the necessities for the windows.
Iiishop Hamilton next announced a col
lection but asked that individuals donate
furnishings for rooms at $100 each and
windows at $16. No one volunteered . to
He was heartily applauded as he with
drew, after expressing his pleasure at be
ingr present.
Itatlon. . You will never regret your work
for the Chinese, for the time is coming
when they will be a factor ln politics and
religion."
Burglars Wreck Railroad Station.
SANTA CRUZ, July 17.-The safe In the
railroad station at Capitola was blown
open •with powder by burglars at 2:30
o'clock this morning. The explosion sent
the safe through the side of the building.
No money was obtained, as the safe did
rot contain anything but tickets.
Visitors will find at Sanborn & Tail's. 741
Market street, between Third and Fourth,
the best line of California souvenirs and
postal cards, stationery, fancy leather
goods, camera supplies and park and citv
views to be had anywhere. All members
of the Epworth League and their friends
cordially invited to visit the store of San
bcrii. Vail & Co., whether wishing to pur
chase or not. •
Epworth. League
dedication of the Oriental;
II ""Home of the Women's Home Mis-
I siohary' Society of the Methodist
JJL Episcopal Church took place yes
terday afternoon and was attend
ed by all the people that could be crowd
ed into the lower rooms of the beautiful
edifice. .Owing to the non-arrival of trains
Bishop J. \V. Joyce, D. D-, president of
the league, did not arrive to participate
in the exercises, but Bishop Hamilton,
who presided, extemporized a programme
that pleased everybody, and raised $100
for the ladles besides.
The home is a handsome concrete build
ing on the mission style, located at 912
Washington street. It contains twenty
two rooms on the two floors and base
ment. It was constructed at a cost of
$7000, which was contributed by Interested
parties and church organizations.
The work here had a very small begin
ning as will be seen from the following
historical facts: \
In August, 1870. the superintendent of the Chi
nese mission. Rev. Otis Gibson, called a meet
ing of Christian women to plan lot-active work.
Eleven answered the call. "The Woman's Mis-
Eionary Society of the Pacific Coast" was then
organized and a constitution framed.
In 1872 the Woman's Missionary Society of the
Pacific Coast applied to the General Missionary
Society and proposed to become auxiliary to
that society.' The proposition was accepted,
and thereafter the General Missionary Society
appropriated funds for the work, and what
was raised by the Woman's Missionary Society
of the Pacific Coast, if not needed ln the work,
was sent to the treasurer of the General Mis
sionary Society ln New York.
At the annual meeting of the W. H. M. so
ciety, held in October, 1893. at Toledo, Ohio.
Mrs. Williams was a delegate, and 60 pre
sented the work a,mong the Chinese and Japa
nese women on the Pacific Coast that the so
ciety realized as never before that it was the
legitimate work of W. H. M. Society. They
adopted It, making It a bureau of the same
and electing Mrs. Williams as secretary, since
which time the General Missionary Society has
been relieved of the burden and the women of
Methodism have accepted the responsibility.
First Woman to Be Rescued.
In October. 1S71, more than a year after the
organization of the society, the, first woman
came. She was rescued from the bay, where
phe had attempted suicide. Her name was Jim
Ho. She soon began work In a Christian fam
ily and ln two vears married a Christian Chi
nese. She died in 1880. In 1873 a school was
opened with Miss L. S. Te^mpleton as teacher.
For the past four years the home has been
under the management of Mrs. Kate Lake as
matron and assisted by her daughter,. Miss
Marguerite Lake, who ls doing brave and tire
less work in striving to rescue girls from dens
of infamy and lead them into paths of truth
and usefulness. The average number in the home
is about twenty. At present there is a larger
number of small children than ever at one time
before. Nine are under twelve years of age.
The expense ls |60 per year for residents and
530 for day pupils. A number are supported by
individuals and societies. In all about 500
women and girls have been helped ln one way
or another.
Rev. J. D. Hammond read the Scripture
and Rev. John Kirby. D. D., offered the
dedicatory prayer. Rev. M. C. Harris
read an original poem, written by
Mrs. Harris, which was heartily re
ceived. Rev. Mr. Gardner followed at
length, giving the inside history of the
ladies' work and commending them for
their faithfulness. Rev. Mr. Smyth,
president of the university at Fooehow,
Fukien province, China, told of home life
in that country and expressed his gratifi
cation at the place offered the slaves in
this land. Two little Chinese girls added
Interest to the occasion by singing a song
In English.
Ho Yow Delivers Address.
His Excellency, the Imperial Consul
General to the United States, Ho Yow,
who had been an interested listener, was
then introduced. "This work ought to
have the indorsement," he declared," of
every right-thinking person, whether
black, white, brown or yellow. I am glad
to see the ways and means provided for
the rescue of the slave girls. The lawa
of China favor the rescue work. Its non
enforcement is the fault of the petty offi
cials. The enticing of jrlrls from home
for Buch purposes ls punishable by decap-
Vissengers had. A few of them dropped
t>art of their coin in the bottom of the
stage and afterward recovered it. One of
them had $240 in a purse, which he quietly
deposited on the^ top of the stage. An
other dropped $200 in the road and shoved
•the. dust over it with his foot. He after
ward returned and found It. A third, not
fo fortunate, pitched a half-dollar to the
robber, declaring that was all he had,
but the closer proximity of the rifle soon
.brought several $5 pieces. The ladles
were treated with all courtesy and were
¦not much frightened.
: Sheriff Smith and his deputies have
been searching the country in all direc
'tior.s from the spot and several deputies
sre still out, but they work under disad
vantages, as the description of the rob
ber is uncertain. The drivers say he was
about five feet ten inches tall, wore a
dark sack coat and overalls and a black
slouch hat. There -was a white cloth mask
over his face and he had long dark whis
kers, which were probably false.
By the time this stage was properly at
tended to the second coach drew up and
was treated ln like manner. The high
wayman did not get all the money the
The robber was lirst seen by Raymond
Hill, who was driving- the nrst stage. He
was on the bank above the road -with the
muzzle of a Winchester rifle pointed at
the driver. When the body of the stage
was Just in front and beneath him he
said. "Stop." He then ordered the male
passengers to get out. line up and pitch
their money up to him on the bank. The
ladies were told to stand up In the stage.
The passengers at first believed it was a
•¦Josh," but were sternly ordered to hurry.
Bu-.it Bucknell and Raymond Hill, the
orivers of the two stages, returned tto
I'kiah to-day. They confirm the report
telegraphed to The Call last night that
a single man did the work, and did it
with marked success. The point selected
ljy the robber was eminently fitted" for a
hold-up, it being a narrow place in the
canyon of a branch of Russian River and
on an uphill grade.
The V.'illits and Blue Lakes roads sep
arate about four miles above Ukiah, and
it' any one left I'kiah ahead of the stages
he could easily have committed the rob
bery and then cut across country to Cal
pella. on the "Willits road. Shannon is
beins held for lurthor investigation.
t'KIAH, July 17.— Under Sheriff Thomas
to-day arrested a man who is suspected
o£ having robbed the two stages on -the
Blue Lakes road j-esterday. He gives the
name of Peter W. Shannon. The suspect
came to Ukiah yesterday forenoon on a
bicycle. He stopped at the Donahue
Jiouse. where he said he was on his way
to Eureka. At 2 o'clock ln the afternoon
he started on his wheel on the same road
by which the stapes left town. He said
to-day that he went straight to W'lllits,
remaining there last night. At 9:30 o'clock
this morning he pedaled Into Uklah.
Some boys who -were fishing yesterday
near where the hold-up took place recog
nized him as the man they saw in the
near vicinity about the time of the rob
bery. Shannon Is reticent and answers
questions with apparent reluctance. He
(says he came to California from Mon
tana in May; that he has done no work
pir.ee his arrival, but makes a living by
•"beating-" nlckel-in-the-slot machines,
lie says he has a. system by which he can
"jeat" any "square" machine. He had
mere than $30 in his pocKets, and a card
showing that he Is a member of the Cal
ifornia Cycling Association. He wears
blue striped overalls and a dark coat and
carries no baggage.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Seen by a Party of Boys Near
the SceDe of the
Hold-Up.
Under Sheriff Thomas
Arrests a Suspect
in Ukiah.
SUPPOSED STAGE
ROBBER IN JAIL
To a thoughtful mind, the trust problem la
one of serious Import It must be firmly grap
pled with, for It creeps upon society before you
are aware of Its existence, ln this respect much
resembling the various disorders which attack
the stomach, such as constipation. Indigestion,
dyspepsia, biliousness, liver and kidney trou
bles. Hostetter's Stomach Bitters is th« one
reliable remedy for all such ailments. Ba sure
tA arlva It a trial. -
The Trust Problem.
, - - - ¦ • ¦ 1 • -• • - r - • - : • • • ....¦¦ . ¦ . . ¦ v ¦ _:¦' * ¦¦'¦-_. ¦ .r- . ¦ ..i ¦ -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 18, 1901.
Service of Prayer and Pithy Speeches by Earnest Workers in the
Noble Cause of Rescue — Ho Yow Gives Thanks "in Name of
His People — Several Hundred Dollars Donated by Active Workers
METHODIST ORIENTAL HME
IS DEDICATED BY TH E BISHOP
5
Got a Toothache?
DON'T ATTEMPT TO CURE IT WITH ANY
of the so-calleditobthache cures. Better
let the ¦ . ,'' ¦
; DENTISTS
;. Examine the tooth, locate the trouble and le-
> move the cause. .
Examinations Made Free.
All our work is hlgrh-grade. The teeth made
in our laboratory ire perfect in appearance and
action and are very- durable.
No charge for extracting when , teeth are
made here. ' ,
. Gold Filings, $1.OO.
ChaMersDeitaFco., 133 poweii st, ,
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains lento nnri nr« «lii« i« nrrl*« itt
MAN rilANCIHtm.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From July II. 1901. - arrivi
":OOa Benicia, Sulsun, Elmira and Stcra-
memo.... «:2.-5 P
7sO«a Vao»»llle, WictE'a, Kuinsey ._ 7:53i-
< :3Ua Martinez, .Sau Uauimi, Vnllejo. Napa,
I'alfitoga and Haute lioaa 0:83r
8:0Ua Davis, Woodland, Knigbts Lauding,'
• Alnrysville, uroiille 7:55p
SiOOa Atlantic Kxpress— Ogden and East 12:23p
»:««»a NHea, L»thror, Stockton ?:23p
»:OO.\ Niles, Mendott\, Uanford, Yisaliu,
Porteryille 4:5op
8:30a ShwU Expresa-DaTis, WilUams(for
Bartlett Spriugs), Willows, Keu
Bluff, Portland 7:SSr
•• «i!l«A Sau Ji>Be. J.liennore, .Slock tun. .
lone, UaerauiBiitu. PlaoerTille,
M»vy«»ille. Uhico, Ueil Hhiflt 4i25p
. 8i3Oa Oakdale, Chinese (Yoscmite), So-
nora. Oftrter/i 4:S3p
!»:O«a Hayward, Niln and Way SUtlous.. 1 1:5.1 a
9<OOa. Vallejo lK:23 r
. UtUOA Los Angeles Espresa — Martinez,
Tracy, Latlirop, Htooktou, Merced
Fresno snd Los Angeles 7:23p
1 0t3OA Valli-jo, Martina ami Way Htatloiis 7:53r
i I U:OIU The Overland Limited— Ogden, Den-
j ver, Omaha. Chicago O:33r
fl:»np Sacramento lilter Hie.nien )StOOA
rt:3«p Hayward, NHra and Way Stations.. 7:03r.
¦Ituur lieuicla. Winters, Haoraiiiento,
W<H)lllAll(1, Klli.llti J*Ddlilg,
! MuryiTllle. OruTllls.. I 0:55 A
4tOOp Murtinex, Hau lUnion. Vallejo,
I Napa, (/'allatoitn. .S»nt» Uoaa WiSSi
4:0Of Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Lodi... 12>25p
1 4tit(ipHayward, Mle/i, Man .lone, Livtrmoro tH:»&A
• 4i3«p Port Cos-a, Twc7, Lathrop, Stockton 10:23a
3:0OpTIi« Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
• . . Bakersfleld, Sangun for Santa Bar-
> bara, Los Angeles. , S:33a
, 8>00p Martiof z, Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 13:23r
5tO«rYoaemlte..... 12it5r
' BsItOp New Orleans Eiprens— Mendota,
' V - Fresno, Bakerstieid. Los ADgeles.
Burning, £1 1'aso, New Orleans
and East 7:33a
i . 0:flQp Ilajward, Ulles and San Jose 7:33a
, feiOOr Vallejo..... 11:254
<(<O»p Oriental : Mail— Ogden, Cheyenne, : -
Omaha, Chicago 12>23r
0:OOp Oriental Mail— Ocdeo, Denver, '
, St. Louli, Chicago. 4:83r
7«00p Oregon aud California Kxpress.Hao*
riiiiienti), Marj'svlllp, KhiIiIIiik,
1'ortlnuii, I'liget Hunnd and Kiisk 8>33a v
Min.tp San Pablo. Fort <!o»ta, Martinez
anrt Way Stations 11i23a
; J8iO3p Vallcjo 7i3ap
COAST LINE (SnrroiT (JrtH B e).
(Foot of H:irket Street.)
' {7i43a Santa Cruz Excursion to Manta Cruz
d and Principal Way Stations JS:OrSp
8iI3a Newark, (>:in.rrvlllL-,.Sa'i.ToeB, irdton, ,
Iionld«rOrcelc,8aiilaCrit7.aiidVVay
SUtlous. SiSOr
fSilllp Newark, C'enterrille, San Jose, Nexr
Almaileu, Foltoo, llonlder Creek,
Santa Crux ami Principal Way
Stations........... IOiHOa
. 4jIBp Newark, Hau .lose, I.oiGatos \HiM\k
«4:1Sp Glenwood.Boulder Creek, Santa Crur «A:3Oa
. OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
1 from SIR 1 RANCISCO— Fool of Muk«t Street (Slip 8)— '
I t7:16 9:00 ll:00i.U. 1:00 3:00 f3:18c.M.
titm 01IUID— rttl •( Bto.dwtj.— 1«:00 ta:O0 f 8:05
10:00 t.M. 12:00 2:00 l:C3r.u.
COAST IilNE (Hroa.1 «an«;e).
(Third nnd Town8oml Sts.)
«« I oa San Jose and Way .stations O-.UOa
47:OOa Han .lose and Way Stations IiSOp
/7:««A Now Almaden /4:1O» |
t7tUOA Sunday - Excursion for Ban Jcse.
Hanta Cruz, Pacific Grore and •
• Principal Way Stations J8:30* ,
ViOOa Hau .loo». HolUster. Hanta (!ruz, ¦ ., >
Pacilie Uruve, ealinas. San Luis . '
Obispo, Santa Barbara and Prin- " * ¦ - .
cipal intermediate Stntliins 7:30r
10:30a. San Jose aud Way Stations O:»Or ,
lltJIOA »hii .lose hihI Way .Stations StUOr
ji: Iftp San Mat^c, Kedwood, Menlo Park. ]
Palo Alto, Hanta Clara, San .lose, -
1 — Hollister, Santa Crux, Salinas,
Mouterey and J'acllic (iroTe |I0:43a
SiSOr San .lose, Tres Pinos. Santa Cruz, ;
Padfic Grore and Way .Stations 4:10p
f4>15r Sau Jose ami Principal Way Stations »:-i3a ,
43:OOr San Jose, Los Gatos and Priucipal '
• Way Station tOiOO*
SiSOr SanJose ami Principal Way Stations 8:30a
•iOOp Kedwoad, Han Joan, Gilrny, Saliuas,
Ban ta Barbara, Lou Angeles 1 0:03 a
6:3Or San Jose and Way .stations.... fM:O«u
all»4»p 8an .Tosa and Way Stations......... ¦ 7::»Op
A for Morning. " ; -. p for Afternoon. . '
t Sunday excepted. I Sunday only. '
a Saturday only. . ¦ < Monday. ¦
« Saturday an 1 Sunday. / Tuesdays and Fridaja. :
Excursions
East™ ¦
The places, the rates for
the round trip and the
dates of sale are below.
The other details can be
had; of the Santa Fe
. Agents. t
BUFFALO, S87J&*
Aug. 22 and. 23 j
Sept. 5 and 6.
MILWAUKEE, $74.50
July 17 and 18.
CHICAGO, $72.50
July 20 and 21.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50 .
August 20 and 21. ¦
CLEVELAND, $82.50
Sept. 5 and 6.
THE COMFORTABLE WAY IS
641 Market Street.
CAUFOBUI . I0RTS1ESTEBI RI. COl
LESSEE " :
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 13:35.
S:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
t>an Rat'ael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:10, 7:B0, 9:20, U:10 a. m.; 12:«,
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. U:IO a.m.: 1:40. 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I "Week
Days. { day 3. | Destination. I days. | Day.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
I : . .' Fulton.
7:20 am "Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsbur?. 10:40 am -
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale f 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland pOMO am|10::5 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 arc! and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami ¦ I ~ 110:40 am 10:25 am
\ f 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 p'm| 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
I and
5:10 pm 5:00 pml Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 8:20 pm
1 7:30 ami 8:00 ami ~. 110:40 am 1 10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm; Sebastopol. | 7:3T» pm| 6:20 pm
. Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for AHrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skacss .Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprlnsrs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Eprinss, Upper LaKe. Pomo. Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverside, LJefley"«, Buckne'.I'a.
Sanhedrin Heights,. Hullvilfe, Git's Hot
Springs, llendocino City, Fort Brasrg. West-
port. Usal. Willits. Laytonvllle, Cummins.
Bell's Sorincs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. - * . / • , . . -.
Saturday to -Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. • • •, : •¦¦
On -Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. -
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
BulliVnr.
H. C. WHITING. :'••-¦'¦:.; R. X. RTAN.
- Gen.' Manager. - ¦ Gen. Pass. Agt.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEABSY ST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manbood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Ciirracnarnntrrd. Call or write.
Dr. J. JP. lilBBOX. ban .Francisco. CaL
REMARKABLE
500 LADIES' CRASH SKIRTS, value for 50c; will be
closed out at. . ..... . .25c each
200 LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED SILK WAISTS,
value for $6.00; will be closed out at. . . ...... :.$3.75
100 BLACK SUITS, all-wool, tailor-made, value"for$7.5o;»
wilL be closed out at $2.90
50 GRAY CLOTH SUITS, tailor-made, waist, and skirt'
trimmed with satin, value for $17.50; will be sold at. ...
'• • • • • • ......... . . ..... . . . $10.00
FEATHER BOAS, in black, natural and gray; at. ..$7.50,
$10.00, $12.50, $15.00, $20.00, $25.00, and $30.00
80 BLACK CHEVIOT SKIRTS, all-wool, tailor-made,;
value for $6.00; will be sold at ... .... . . . . -. ;$3.90
60 ; LADIES' ETON JACKETS, in black, tan, castor, gray*
and blue^yalue for $8.00; will be closed out at. . .$5.00
J. (D%RIEN & CO.,
1146 MARKET STREET, gg|?
Bet. Taylor and Mason.
PROFESSOR SMITH, OF GEORGIA,
I CURED OF NERVOUS PROSTRATION.
Hon. ITartln VT. TVheelock of Montpel-
/^^^^^^^^k ler ' Vt-> ln a letter t0 The Peruna Medl-
§&g$fflj$§2§^ r "* hav e alwaj-3 had a strong antipathy
KjfmmB&r / v \ against giving any testimonial ln regard
tMBSBBb. . \ t0 P r °P ri etary medicine, but after miich
jmV«i Investigation I -was convinced that yours
VBJffiuSxrf S-+F& WaS worthv - I have been troubled ¦with
/W>3||*' '*Jr$SSS fWiin what ls termed Post nasal catarrh, caus-
I? jJ^ "siP" t*0£ I in S an oppressive feeling In th^ head and
• \ I considerable nervousness and sick head-
X,^ 1^^^^^. / "Noting the wonderful testimonials
\ v '. from eminent men regarding Peruna. the
i\ /MP'ig^a sreat remedy for catarrh, I concluded to,
|V **r *• Jr ' and dld » tr y a bottle of Peruna. I must ac-
J >^- . / knowledge that the medicine seems to
* - .A. possess tonic, warming: and remedial vlr-
'j^y^^- *~ r*"^ v tue ln exce ss of other medicines and that
>fgr2g^. SsX^v the US6 of Peruna ln my case has been
V Jllim advantageous nnd that I have faith
Mt^ggm&ZjtL^] enough ln Its medicinal virtue to continue
mZ%ZZ&i ltS *»e- -Martin W. TV'heelock.
sa?s" : J ° hn F ' SChmWt ° f Cartha?e ' Ohio -
' "^^^\, " '¦fc^* "Peruna has saved my life. For five
PROF. A. M. SMITH. years the best doctors had pronounced
Hon. A. M. Smith, Principal Fuller me lncu rable. I suffered with a compllca-
Academy of Veazey, Ga., writes: Uon ° r "iseases— palpitation of the heart,
"Allow me please to express to you
my Sincere thanks for your wonderful cannot be beaten as a tonic. I have
life-giving medicine', Peruna. gained forty pounds since taking Peru-
/ l FOr ! he *?,°J 3r ih S 6 ° yB<irS D^ a later letter he says:
/ nave been troubled With nerVOUS- "* am In the best of health since I have
ness, at times resulting in almost wm^ne^be iitSS 1 ?iS d8 in bu u,J
nervous prostration. Recently I have house."— John F. Schmidt.
had very severs attacks and was in- Is a Natural and Efficient
duced by a friend to try Peruna. Nerve Tonic.
This I have dnna atith mnna ihnn i , I ! eruna strengthens and restores the ac-
.7 , nave aone mtn moro than tlvlty of every nerve ln the body. Through
Satisfactory results and Consider Pe- %t } e vse of Peruna the weakened or over-
runa the best medicine On the market strength andTthe Wood'vessels'at once U be-
to-day for what it is recommended. fi; g «*£&
I nave a Orotffer who thinks it IS dlately disappear. All phases of catarrh
the greatest thing in the world. To Sentiy C C S! C> are promptly and per -
all who suffer with nervousness in any If >" ou do not derive prompt and satis-
form I would say 'use Peruna/; With St^tiT. t &rS£u?£S£ M k
bait wishes and many thanks for your gV^iTt? gfveTou^'vSabfe H£.
spJendid medicine, I remain sincerely, vice gratis.
: i$m ' m i 0—.4L, ft Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
.> H. m. omiT/l. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
¦ B— a—g— C ¦IIMMIIIIMlllllA
TheMMimChlfgr
Of the Burlington Overland
Excursions has made the trans-
continental trip scores of
times. He knows all the
points of interest en route. He
looks after his passengers day !
and night ; sees that the por-
ters do their duty; that the
journey across the continent
is ENJOYABLE as well as
qtupk and comfortable.
From Los Angeles, Mondays and Wed-
nesdays; San Francisco, Tuesdays and
' Thursdays — Omaha, j
Chicago, Kansas City,
\P^hflntCMSfl St. Louis and beyond. t
|)i|i|j|"i"ij(l|)}j Tickets and berths {
|jB*S>S£JEtt]| at 631 Market Street. f
iv&rtMfS] W. D. San-bor*.
I I Gen'l Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausaltto Parry.
Commencing April 28, 1901.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— €:55. 8:30, *9:30. 11:00 m. m..
12:45. MM5, 3:15, 4:15, 5:15, *fi:15, S:43 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, "Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS-7:0O. 8:00, •3:00. «10:00. 11:00, 11:3.)
a. m., 12:43, "1:30, 2:30, *3:43. 5:00. 6:00, 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— '5:23. 6:27, 7:47. 8:35. 10:15
a. !n.. *12:23. 1:15. 2:20. '3:35, 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRII'S on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15. *8:00. 9:45. *ll:0O a. m.. 1i
m.. 1:00. 2:15, *3:30, 4:30, •5:43, 6:45, »:30, 10:10
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:53. 10-a,
a. m.. 12:33. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
an*] Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:M. 11:10 a. m., 12:15.
1:50. 2:30. 3:43. 5:C0. 6:13. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 d. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Toxnales and way stations.
6 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
;0 a. m. Sundays— Point . Reyes and way
stations. • <
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local I Llm'd I Ovrrd I Local
I Dally I * I Dally | Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p '
Ar. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford . 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ....
", Vigalla .. 3:40 p 4:4Sa *
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kans. Cy 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago ..| 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train la the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only
carrying: Palace Sleeping: Cars and Dinln*
Cars through- to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of lo-
cal first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
Ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. ¦ .
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno locaL
Corre3pon.d£is train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicae o-
also Palace- Sleeper, which cuts out at
Fresno. Corresponding train* arrives " at
6:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local.' stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily
Offices— 641 Market street and ln Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-'
l-lT-rt. "¦ - .. . . ...
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY,
Yl» SumHm Fen/— Foot »f Market St.
%£"£ .....WEEK DATS..... J *f*-»'
8.-00 A. M.1 f 12:13 p. it.
9.00 a.m. U5 y u. '
10*0 a. m.I anvDAva J SSOr.u.
130 p.m. 8:50 P.M.
2:30 P. m.J *.--., --:-¦¦•-•.--¦; I 7:10 p.m.
rare. Saa rnadrt* to Sam»« aad Return, |1.4§
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St. & Sanaalito Ferry.
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
. COOL AND DUSTLESS.
Dally Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
Dining Car, Meals a la Carta.
- Library Observation Car.
REDUCED ROUND TRIP BATES TO
EASTERN POINTS.
E. S. BLAIR. Gen. Agt.. 633 Market at. .
ADVEHTISEHENTS.
You will miss a great opportu-
nity if you do not avail yourself
of this chance. Only a few days
mere of this price smashing sale.
MONROE CAMERA No. 2,
Regular $5.00 value, for
SS f. 75 during this sale only.
Extra plate holders, for this sale
only, at 25c each.
Other cameras at correspond-
ingly low prices.
Country orders solicited.
j AtixtSliirpseirPnip.* 42l'mfep~3i
£ — -^ STRICTLf RELIABLE.
i^n MEN
ONLY!
?&&Ot R* FAR THE
j V^ifki*fi ¦"-* greater number of
SI V^l\ patients seeking relief
*r( / VvS«S2ri5JV Ts iOT eo-c&lled weakness
ILy are strong, robust men in
>y \ \,1 fl v&. ' every other respect. Our
\\ \Vhll // theory that Loss of Vltal-
U \/i // J/ Ity Prematurenesa. etc.
¦ re not weaknesses, but the symptoms of in-
tl&xcmaiory processes in the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by con-
tracted disorders and early dissipation, ls now
being adopted by the leading specialists of the
world. Under our local plan of treatment,
directed toward reducing the enlarged and
swollen Prostate. Immediate results, as indi-
cated by Increased circulation and renewed
strength, are observed. Our colored chart of
the organs, which we send free on application,
Je Interesting to any one wishinc to study th»
anatomy of the male.
DR. MICOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAJCA BITTERS. THE
*-" great Mexican remedy; gives health and
rtrength to sexual organs. Depot. 823 Market.
Q R. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHEA, GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of th«
Onraos of Generation.
___ Frice |i » bottle. For salt far drnrrists. iover $1000 and under $10,000, 4 per cent on
anything over $10,000 and under $20,000, 3
per cent on over $20,000 and under $50,000,
2 per cent on over $30,000 and under $100,
000 and 1 per cent on any estate valued
at $100,000 and over.
BULKHEAD-M. T., City. If a party
owns property in the rear of property
owned by another, that property being
eight feet higher than that in front and
there is a bulkhead built, if there should
be a cave who would be responsible for
repairs would depend upon conditions. If
It was a party bulkhead both would have
to pay in equal share. If it was con
structed by one party, the one through
whose negligence the cave occurred would
be responsible for damages or repairs.
Stop Diarrhae and Stomach Cramps. Dr.
Slegert'B Genuine Imported Angostura Bitters."
Chicago and* Return $72.50.
. On sale July 20 and 21, the Union Pacific Rail
road will Bell round trip tickets to Chicago,
good for 60 days, at rate of $72 50. D. W. Hitch
cock, ; General Agent, 1 Montgomery st., San
Francisco. ' .-
- A Chicago woman has, complained in the divorce
court that her husband persists in walking backward
when he is in the house. Perhaps he is afraid to let
her get behind him.
A New' York country town is boasting a woman
with a hoe. She killed a huge snake with -that very
'necessary 'and'desirable farm- implement.' • .
Cheap Bates for Epworth Leaguers
!&!' - and Their Friends. •%.&¦
The Santa Fe will sell low rate tickets to all
points, July 12 to; August 15 Inclusive, to hold
ers of Epworth League-tickets and friends.ac
companying them. '^ fita.ll , at Santa Fe office, 641
Market street, or. ferry depot. ¦'
Best "Way to the Yosemite.
The Santa Fe to Merced and stage thence
via Merced Falls, Coulterville, Hazel Green.
Merced Big Trees, Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at 5 the
next afternoon. This is the most popular route
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at 641 Mar
ket st. for particulars and folder. *
Grand Canyon Excursion.
On July 22d a special excursion rate of $40 for
the round trip, San Francisco to the Grand Can
yon of Arizona, 'will be made. Leaving San
Francisco at 8 p. m. on the 22d, you reach the
Canyon for supper the 23d. No other sight is
comparable to this, the grandest of ' nature's
marvels. Ask at 641 Market street, the Santa.
Fe office, about it.
Wah-ta-wass, a full-blooded Indian girl,
Js probably the first of her 'race to become
a professional stenographer and type
writer. She is employed by a prominent
Boston lawyer, and intends to go through
Radcllffe College by her earnings.
Special " information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
¦ ? «
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
OUT of the scandals of the suit brought against
Howard Gould by his former valet, F. D.
Mowbray, there is a possibility that after all
some good may come by the establishment of a
precedent which will protect witnesses against the ag
gressions of unscrupulous attorneys. It will be re
membered that. ( in-the course of the trial when Gould
was on the stand the attorney for Mowbray conducted
the cross-examination into Gould's private life, evi
dently seeking' by various means to make the witness
odious in the minds of the jury. A verdict was given
for Mowbray, but an appeal was^taken, and the
Appellate Court has just reversed the action of the
lower court.
It appears from the reports that the action of the
Appellate Court was largely determined by what the
Justices regarded as an undue license given to the at
torneys for Mowbray in cross-examining the ' de
fendant. The Justice who delivered the opinion is
quoted as saying: "It cannot be that because a party
refuses to submit to a demand made upon him, and
himself goes upon the witness-stand to contradict tes
timony given by. an adversary, he can by reason of
that fact.be compelled to divulge the secrets of his life,
unless such secrets are connected with or have some
bearing upon the matter being tried. A party, when
he becomes a witness, is entitled even on cross
examination to be protected. Witnesses have some
rights which courts are bound to respect. Attacks
of the kind set out in this record cannot be made upon
one's private life under the guise of cross-examina
tion. Their purpose is either to coerce the party into
a settlement or else to unduly and unjustly prejudice
the jury against him. Such examinations tend, to
bring the administration of the law and a trial of ac
tion into disrepute and to lessen the respect which
litigants have for the courts."
It is gratifying that to the decision thus given there
was no dissent. It is certainly good morals and good
sense as well as good law. The extent to which wit
nesses are abused- by lawyers of a certain. type has
long constituted one of the most -serious reproaches
against our. system of conducting trials. It, has at
times- seemed as if the bar. and the bench regarded
witnesses as persons having no rights that courts are
bound to respect. The New York decision, if it be
followed elsewhere, will tend to good in many ways,
not the least of which will be a better service rendered
to the cause of justice by "eliminating from trials a
great deal of evidence that is irrelevant and designed
only to prejudice juries and thus unfit them for
rightly performing their duty.
THE RIGHTS OF WITNESSES.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
- CLOSING CEMETERIES— J. S., City.
On the 30th of March, 1900, the Board of
Supervisors passed an ordinance prohibit
ing burials in the cemeteries of San Fran
cisco from and after August 1, 1901.
VANnERBILTS MOTTO— M. • F. A.,
City. It Is said that Commodore Vander
bilt's business motto was, "Never buy
anything that you cannot pay for; never
sell anything that you do not possess."
ORANGES-D., City. The total ship
ment East out of California of oranges
during the season 1900-1 was up to July 7,
1901, 20,579 carloads. During the same per
iod the shipment of lemons out of the
State was 2236 carloads.
CITIZENSHIP— W. F. G., City. A
native of the United States who located In
a foreign country, became a citizen there
of and who in after years would return
to the United States with the intention of
resuming his citizenship ' would have to
make application to be naturalized the
same as any alien.
BOER WAR— Theo., City. The result
of the Eoer trouble of 1880-81 was that
after the British defeat at Majuba, where
a British force had been assembled to
crush the Boers, Gladstone came into
power and stopped the war. He conceded
the Boers' demand for partial Indepen
dence.
PERCENTAGE TO ADMINISTRA
TORS—A. S., Novato, Cal. The code of
California allows to administrators of es
tates In probate 7 per cent on estates of
value not exceeding $1000, 5 per cent on
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"What time ia it?" asked his wife, sus
piciously, as he came in.
"About X."
' Just then the clock struck X.
"Gracious! When did the clock com
mence to stutter?" he said, with feeble
attempt at Justification and a Joke. — Mon
treal Star.
Sanguinary Indeed.— Mr. Ferguson—
"What a fiery waist you have on. "What
color Is it?"
Mrs. Ferguson— Ox blood.
"I begin ,to understand now why you
told the dressmaker to put in another
gore."— Plttsburg IMspatch.
Jumbo, a Barnum pet of the African persuasion, has been
exploited as the "biggest ever." But, in animal parlance, ho
had "more daylight under him." This extreme length of leg
and an unprepossessing hump on Jumbo's back pushed his
height to a sensational point, though he weighed a ton and a
half less than* Bolivar does. At the time of the latter's acqui
sition he weighed 8700 pounds. Now it has Increased to 12,000.
He Is ten feet high, or four inches better than twelve years
ago, and two inches higher than any Indian elephant ever seen
by Savealson, the. great traveler and elephant authority.
In the dietary way he is a wonder. Hay and potatoes dis
appear as If by magic. Of the former he eats 150 pounds each
day.
Adam Forepaugh gave Bolivar to the zoo as a Christmas
present in 1888. He enjoined them to handle him carefully.
"That's the finest beast I ever owned, and he won't do any
harm If he don't get away. But, mind you, that you keep him
fast," said Forepaugh, who had obtained him at the age of 10.
He-^is now 40, and there seems no reason why he should not
live 100 years longer. A native of Ceylon, he ia both the largest
and most perfect type of Indian elephant ever seen in this
country. In fact, his great size was the chief reason that Fore
paugh let him go. It had become extremely dangerous to carry
him about on trainboard. His back persisted in pushing up
until the top of hlg car could not clear the overhead structures
along the railroad, and once this caused a wreck up In Central
New Tork. He was too big a proposition for "Ady."
chains must suffice. As Bolivar is always in motion there can
be no fear of his blood becoming sluggish through Inaction.
There Is no yard for him. though his campanlon la allowed one.
for his strength and weight and wicked tendencies would be
come assertive, and there is a moral responsibility In keeping
him incapable of harm. It might make a good story If he got
on the rampage, but the zoo would need repopulatlon.
BOLIVAR, the pride of the Philadelphia Zoological Gar
den, and probably the largest elephant In captivity, has
been chained, standing In one place, for nearly thirteen
years, says the Philadelphia Times. Day and night,
season in and out, his ponderous bulk has kept up its
ceaseless swing and rock from side to side in this one corner
¦within an area circumscribed by the detaining power of three
chains. Circuses come and go and elephants galore stop within
the sound of his trumpeting blasts, but he never seems to
care: only keeps his corner, apparently well contented.
Each year Bolivar seeks to create a sensation. Never of an
amiable temper, the first of the summer months usually finds
him contracting ugly moods. Then he wants to fight. His food
does not suit, noise irritates him and incidents generally viewed
complacently throw him into a towering rage. There Is trouble
brewing If Keeper George Harrison does not look out. It Is
impotent rage, though, for it only brings to his elephantship
another chain, which is attached to the free leg. Then all are
drawn fairly tight, and Bolivar is left to sulk and grumble and
sway harder than ever until hl3 saccharine qualities show
again. It is about time now for his annual tantrums.
"Does it not injure him to stand so long in one place?" was
asked of Superintendent Brown. He says it does not, and he
has, with the air of anatomical charts, proved to various In
quiring agents of the Society for the Prevention of Cruetty to
Animals, that Bolivar is not cruelly treated. In most animals
the bones of the leg do not set directly above one another, but
are placed at such angles that a constant strain on the muscles
Is necessary in standing 1 . With the elephant the formation is
different. The bones are set squarely together, with broad,
bearing joints and directly vertical to each other. Thus a solid
column or four solid columns support the body, and the muscles
are hardly necessary at all In standing.
For exercise the swaying and short stepping allowed by the
& -»-«¦•« «t«ii»««t»»t»t» .»..t..t.-t..*-.t..»..t..»-.t--»-t. j_
A NEW VIEW OP FRANCE.
SO much has been written of late about the sta
tionary condition of the population of France
and the assumed decadence of the virility of the
people, it is interesting to note that another view of
the subject has been taken by recent students of the
matter. It is not denied that the population is sta
tionary, nor that in such respect France stands alone
among the great nations of Europe. It is claimed,
however, that the small birth rate is due mainly to the
land system of the country, which makes almost every
French peasant a land owner, and therefore is not to
be looked upon as a sign of racial decadence or, even
of a bad sociological condition.
There are no other people of the world, not even
those of the United States, among whom there is so
large a proportion of landowners as among the French,
nor are there any people as a whole who are more
prosperous. The law, however, requires the land to be
divided among the children of the proprietor at his
death, and the effect has been to limit the size of fam
ilies. That much has been long known and often com
mented upon, but now it is to be noted that in dwell
ing upon the evil of small families, most students of
French affairs have overlooked the good that results.
One writer says: "It is true that a stationary popu
lation does not furnish as many conscripts, as many
emigrants, and, in France, not as many seekers for
employment in the industries of the cities. On the
other hand, where the great body of the population is
agricultural, the average standard of living and com
fort is kept higher. There is less extreme poverty. If
the army is not so numerous, that is not an unmixed
evil, for it is probably ample for defense, and is less of
a temptation to aggression. If colonists are fewer,
foreign trade is not on that account necessarily less
profitable. If labor tends to greater cost in wages, it
also tends to greater capacity, and in modern condi
tions it is skill and the use of machinery, not wages,
that determine the cost per unit which tells in com
petition." '
Another writer says: "France has the most sub
stantial civilization in Europe. Her condition is the
ideal one of social philosophers, for she has a greater
proportion of independent land holders than any other
country. Her sturdy yeomanry are the envy of Eu-.
rope, and the guaranty of national stability."
There is no reason to doubt that these views are.
well justified. There may be evidences of decadence
and degeneracy among the absinthe drinkers of Paris,
but there are none among the thrifty land owners of
the country. 'France is all right.
London financiers are expressing the deepest con
sternation at the fact, that we are selling England
too much and reaping a harvest of too much British
gold. It is timely to note that they do not complain
that they are not getting value received.
Chief Secretary to enforce the crimes act, With per
fect frankness he explained why he Issued that invi
tation,' ¦: *I hate your rule iff Ireland, and it is the great
ambition of my life to destroy it. You are able to
preserve the pretense of constitutional government,
but as one who hates your rule I would like to see
this mask torn from your faces.' "
After that speech it will be seen that Rosebery's
emission of Irish questions from the crisis he was
considering'shows that he is! not much stronger than
the leaders he was criticizing. Evidently he had no
counsel to offer on that subject any more than on
anything cise, and yet this is surely a good time for
the British Government . to take some steps toward
doing justice te the Ir-ish people. As the London
Chrenicie itself says: f 'A time when Ireland may
fairly be described as erimeicss is one which should
be seized as an opportunity by a far-sighted Govern
ment. For large constitutional charfge the occasion
is not now, nor is the attitude of the Irish on the war
likeiy to hasten it. But now is the time when efforts
should be made to govern Ireland somewhat more in
accordance with Irish ideas."
The integrity of life still depends upon the obser
vance of restraints and limits that seem to be neces
sary to the well-being of man, no matter what the
social system or his place therein.
We hope that Mr. Wilson will not handicap his cult
by viewing marriage loosely, or attempting to cancel
the line which divides honesty from dishonesty, and
morality from immorality.
The evidence appears to be on the side of the
declaration that if the- conditions for which Herron
and Wilson declaim had existed and been maintained
among men to this day we would have neither science,
nor art, nor civilization. If this be so, to introduce
those conditions now may mean the loss of science,
art and civilization by processes as gradual as those
by which these have been gained by man.
Would a government have invented and perfected
the steam-engine? Would it have invented the tele
graph and telephone, the turbine wheel, electric light
and the appliances of electric power?
Governments do not invent nor improve anything.
Government cannot even defend itself without the
help of the individual who, under the much abused
competitive system, has felt moved and spurred on
by the- necessity that he excel in order that he may
live better and in more agreeable circumstances.
With all the resources of the universe in, public
ownership, what stimulus would there have been ; to
the ambition and the inventive genius of man?
We suppose that theologians will never agree upon
what Christianity is. The simple view of it as a life
to be lived, and not a dogma to crack heads and cut
throats about, is not generally accepted, perhaps be
'cause it is simple. But one is at a loss to find in what
little the New Testament teaches any authority for
denouncing private ownership of property as sinful
and anti-Christian. The brief passage which de
scribes the forlorn fraternity of the Disciples and ac
cents their trials by saying that "they had all things
in common" cannot be taken as authority for the
overthrow of an industrial system that has developed
out of the frictions, the ambitions and the energies of
man. The competitive system is as old as the first
ambition to be better than his fellows that stirred one
man to work more cr do better work in order that
he might have more and live better. No one has yet
shown how the civilization we have could have grown
on the foundation advocated by Herron and Wilson.
The eclipse of Rev. Mr. Herron is followed by the
rise of a successor in the person of the Rev. J. S.
Wilson, who hails from Evanston, 111., and is now on
a tour in California. He preached in Los Angeles
last Sunday and made an attack upon existing in
dustrial conditions that is described 'as "scathing."
These reformers all "scathe" when they* get in ac
tion. In his view the competitive system is opp'osed
to Christianity, and should be put down. He is not
only alarmed, but incensed, because "the present sys
tem is a gigantic struggle for existence. The re
sources of the universe are subject to private Owner
ship, and while such ia the case there can be no true
Christianity." s
lator of morality.
REV. GEORGE D. HERRON had a meteoric
career as. an endowed and grubstaked teacher
of what he called "Christian socialism," and
ended the same by desertion of his wife, a divorce
and partnership with the rich daughter of his rich
patroness through a sort of jump-the-broomstick
marriage. He began with an attack on the industrial
system of the world because of its competitive fea
ture, and ended with an attack on clean and decent
marriage. We by no means say that his social doc
trines gain or lose bj' his loose morality and light
view of the marriage tie, but it has come to be a
common thing that many who rave against social con
ditions are found to be at war with common honesty
or common decency. Nearly every anarchist assas
sin has been found to be a thief or a notorious vio-
HERROITS SUCCESSOR.
The local committee chosen to provide the recep
tion to President McKinley has turned over to the
Epworth League a surplus of $1500. This should
suggest another opportunity to congratulate Mr.
Scott.
LAND LAWS FOR IRELAND.
The salient feature of the debate was the^emark
ible speech of Mr. Redmond in reply to the Chief
Secretary. The London Chronicle • in reporting it
says: "He began by referring to /the criminal stat
istics, which show that there have been no cases of
homicide inlreland during the last year. " He claimed
that that record has no rival, and he asserted that the
great national associations -like • " the United Irish
League are the cause of this unique immunity from
crime. He disclosed some 'of the ludicrous ways in
which the , Irish Government tries ¦ to suppress free
speech, and he wound up with. an', invitation to the
from the speech that the Government has troubles
enough or. its hands and does not intend to stir up
another hornet's nest in Ireland either by bringing in
a land purchase bill or by trying to suppress the
During the same debate another interesting phase
of the Irish question came under review. Some of
the Ulster Tories, called upon the Government to sup
press the United Irish League. ' To that request the
Chief Secretary replied that the league is not offen
sive. He went on to say that the number of agrarian
outrages in Ireland is lower this year than ever be
fore since the. crimes act was withdrawn. It is clear
The omission is the more curious because Parlia
ment has recently been engaged in a very warm de
bate on Irish affairs. It will be remembered that at
the opening of Parliament there was promise in the
King's speech that the Ministry would introduce a
bill "providing for the purpose of regulating, the vol
untary sale by landlords to occupying tenants in Ire
land." That bill has not yet been introduced, but
when the subject was brought up for discussion" in
the Commons the Chief Secretary for Ireland said:
"The Government is as convinced as any member of
the House that a land bill for Ireland is a necessity."
It is with phrases of that kind the Government seeks
to postpone the issue. It declares the land law to be
a necessity, but it does not bring in a bill to provide
one!
LORD ROSEBERY in the manifesto he has just
issued to the Liberal party in Great Britain
pronounces a good deal of very just criticism
upon the divisions of the party, but does not offer any
counsel as to how to form a policy on- which they
can "unite for action. He says: ."It is a matter of
sorrow and anxiety to see a weak Government faced
by a weaker opposition at a juncture of foreign hos
tility and international competition which needs all
the vigilance and agility at our command." It will
be noted that in pointing out the factors that consti
tute the elements dangerous to the British empire in
the present crisis the former Prime Minister makes no
allusion to Ireland.
In the meantime, however, the advantages of rural
life are increasing. As farm holdings become smaller
the families are not so lonely as they have been in
times past, and, moreover, there are greater facilities
for getting to and from cities and for enjoying the
benefits of libraries and schools. In California, where
ten nrrrc of Innd well cultivated as an orchard, a vine
yar" •-- :i :r.arket garden, will yield enough to sup
port r fimily. there is no reason why the cities should
grow at the expense of the country. In 'this State,
therefore, the drift toward the cities is never likely
to reach the danger point, or even to reach that dis
proportion between urban and rural population that
now exists in some of the older States of the East
How long the drift of the population to the city
will continue and how far it will go are matters on
which there has been a good deal of ingenious specu
lation. Some writers have estimated that all of Eng
land and Scotland from London to Glasgow will in
the course of this century become virtually one huge
metropolis, and American cities are expected to ex
pand in proportion. • The only limits that can be
placed upon the growth of cities are those imposed
by the difficulty of feeding large populations and the
difficulty of transporting people from their homes in
the suburbs to the business centers. Improving fa
cilities for the transportatior^pf food and of passen
gers are of course every year widening the limits im
posed by such difficulties. Steamships and railways
can carry food to New York or London for popula
tions far in excess of those now living in those cen
ters, while various kinds of street railways, under
ground and overhead, as well as on the surface, af
ford ample means for transporting the people from
one part of the city to another with ease and with
rapidity.
This movement toward the cities is not surprising.
It has long been noted in all civilized countries, and
the causes that determine it are well understood by
the general public. None the less it is regarded by
sociologists as an evil that should be counteracted
as far as possible. It is from the rural districts that
all nations draw their best manhood. That applies
not only to physical vigor but even to mental acute
ness, which might have been expected to be more
common among children raised in a city. The facts
show, however, that a majority of the men who make
their way to the front in any large city, either in this
country or in Europe, are from the country and had
their early training on a farm.
The greater portion of the urban population is in
the Northern and Eastern States. In Rhode Island
91.6 per cent of the people live in urban communities.
Next in order come Massachusetts, 85.g; New York,
71.2; New Jersey, 67.5; Connecticut, 65.5; Pennsyl
vania, 51.1; Illinois, 51.0; California, 48.9; Maryland,
48.2; New Hampshire, 46.7; Ohio, 44.8; Delaware,
41.4; Colorado, 41.2, and Michigan, 37.2.
When compared with the census of 1880 the drift of
population to the cities is shown in a striking man
ner. In that year only 25.8 per cent of the people
lived in towns of more than 4000 inhabitants, and
there were only 850 such communities in the coun
try. In 1890 the number had increased to 899, but in
1900 they numbered 1158. Moreover, in late years
the larger cities have grown in population even more
rapidly than the smaller ones, and in 1900 about one
half of the urban population was living in cities of
more than 100,000 people.
FROM a recently issued bulletin of the Census
Office concerning the urban population of the
United States it appears that at the time the
census was taken there were 28,411,698 people living
in towns or cities of more than 4000 population. That
amounted to 37.3 per cent of the whole number of
people in the country, being a gain of almost 5 per
cent since the census of 1890, when the percentage
was 32.9.
ELEPHANT BOLIVAR CHAINED IN
SAME SPOT FOR THIRTEEN YEARS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 18, 1901.
THURSDAY JULY i8, 1901
JOHN-O^SPRECKELS^JPr^prie^or^^^^^^
liitnt All etmmt&iMtiiu U W. 6, LEAO, Ktrngtr. .
jfA.SAGEH'S OFFICE Telephone Fr ess B04
rUliL,lC4TIO.N OFFICB...Uarket and'Tlilrd, 8. F.
Telephone Press SOI.
12D1TOH1A1. BOOMS S17 to 221 fiteve«i«B St.
Telephone Preti 2O2.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per "Week.
Single Copies, 5 Cents.
Tfrni by Mall. Incln dinar Postasret
PAILT CALt. Onclufilnj: Sunday), «m» year *••<>•
DAILY CALX. (Including Eanday). « months *- M
DAILY CALL ttnclufllnr Bnnday). t months 1-W
r>AILT CALLr-By Ptnsrle Month -. eSe
RUNDAT CAL.L. One Tear 1 - 50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year ? 1W
AH postmasters nre authorized to receive
•nbscrlptlons.
Eajspls eeplea -will be forwarded when revested.
Mail subscriber* In orflerlnr chanw of address should be
particular to cin both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 77777777. ....1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGTHSSS.
J£tt*per rereign Adrertising. M»r?oatt« Building. CMetgo.
(Items Distance Telephone "Central 26U-")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT: .
C C CAHX.TO7T • .Herald Sqnare
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEPHEIf B. SMITH 30 Trlbnne Building
JCETV TORK NKWS STANDS:
TTaldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. »1 Union Square;
Murray Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. ICews Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Vr^mont TToTi^^t An<3!tor1nm Hotel. ' ,
HOW THE GIANT OF THE PHILADELPHIA ZOOLOGICAL GARDEN IS CHAINED BT THREE OF HIS LEGS
TO THE WALLS OP HIS CAGE. HE IS FORTY TEARS OLD AND THE LARGEST ELEPHANT EVER SEEN
IN THIS COUNTRY.
OUR URBAN POPULATION.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera-house— "The "White Heathen." .
Central— "Michael Etrosoff."
Tlvoli— "Babes In the Woofi."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Colunfbla— "Under Two T1a.es."
Alcazar — "The School for Scandal."
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— S peclaltle*. •
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ereninc
Fischer" »— VaudevlJIe.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Eutro Bathf— Swimming.
AUCTION SALES.
By F. H. Chase— This flay, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at 1732
Market street.
By Wm. G. Layng— Tuesday. July 23. Horses, at 721 How-
ard street. ' ¦ «
By Union St-TCkyardu Comrany — Monday. July 29. at 10
o'clock. Packing-house Machinery, at Rodeo. Cal.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LE1YIHG TOWS FOR THE SUMMER.
Call nubscrlben contemplating » chrrnge of
resideace during the Rammer months can ham
xiirir paper forwarded by mall to their new
addreiiei by notifying The Call Bnsineaa Office.
This pajtcr will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local agent la
all tonitk on the coast. %
HroTmrreTnrffTnryo^roTrraTr^^ xs~\
if CALIFORNIA'S "I 1
1 OIL QUEEN. I
I THE SUNDAfEXODDS FROM I
I SAN' FRANCISCO. | \
." i THE LAWYER AND P
'jsl HIS FEE. E°
I - — !¦ ; -
1 COMING SPORTING EVENTS. |:
j°°J BY LOUIS HONIC. Joe
I Next Sunday's Call I
juuuulp. juuuuju juuuuumio g g 9 o 0 0 00 _o_o C
iS THE FIVE BATTLES A &
if YOUNG MAN HAS |
..' Hi ... JO FIGHT. I
;o«j BY REV. F. K. BAKER. £>«
!p LITTLE RODNEY JONES' |i|
i| PETITION TO p
Hj PRESIDENT McKINLEY. p
iu! E| HOW MULES ARE TRAINED P
Jooj ...FOR... l°o
B THE YOSEMITE TRAILS. P
loo ¦ j°o jGALLANT VETERAN" OF THE
CIVIL. WAR WHO DIED YESTER
DAY AT COLD SPRING.
*
to the Army of the Cumberland and was
chief of staff of the Eleventh and Twelfth
corps, under Hooker, vat Lookout Moun
tain, Tenn., Missionary Ridge and Beveral
subsequent actions. He commanded a di
vision of the Twentieth Corps in Georgia,
and was- brevetted brigadier general and
major general :n the regular army.
He was the originator and author of the
system of corps badges, flags and marks
adopted in the Army of the Potomac and
followed in other armies, and now worn
by veterans. He was also the author of
the standard work on "Camp and Outpost
Duty for Armies in the Field."
After the war ho had charge of the re
cruiting service and of the forces in New
York harbor, commanding Governors Isl
and, Davids Island and Bedloes Island,
1865-69.
Resigning from the army, he became
Assistant United States Treasurer in New
York, and afterward organized and built
a railway in Central America.
In September, 1886, at St. Margarets,
Westminster, England, he married Mrs.
Julia L. James of New York, the Bishop
of Bedford and Canon Farrar performing
the ceremony. He planned, organized and
commanded the civic parade on the third
day of the Washington centennial cele
bration in No «- York, May 1, 1SS9, the
largest movement of citizens in a public
demonstration ever on this continent or
known in modern history. He organized
and moved the funeral demonstration to
General Sherman as the representative of
Generals Howard and Slocum.
In 1891 he war elected president ot the
Society of the Army of the Potomac, of
which body he was the principal founder.
He has been for thirty years a trustee
of the Citizens' Savings Bank in New
York City, and was the only living mem
ber of that board who was with the bank
from its foundation. He was president of
the national bank at Cold Spring, his
country home.
General Butterfield declined the Repub
lican nomination for Congress in the
Tenth Congressional District of New York
City In 1S91.
MANY STAKE NOMINATIONS.
High Class Dogs Drawn for Saturday
and Sunday Events.
One- of the most interesting coursing
events in the history of the sport will be
run off next Saturday and Sunday at the
Union Park. There are 128 nominations
drawn from the best classes of dogs in
the State. Pitted against each other are
the followins:
Lady Grunard vs. Cascade; Greenhall vs.
Naughty Girl; Norah va. Warship; Modest Girl
va. Sisquoc; Silver Cloud vs. Mayflower; Little
Sister va. Argus; Lucky Baldwin vs. "War
Eagle; Haphazard vs. Royal Alliance; Snapper
Garrison vs. Echo; Sleigh Bells va. Copper
King; Real Article vs. Thornhill; Hot Haste
vs. Thelma; Matoaka vs. Homer Boy; "Wild
Kcllpse vs. Snap Shot; Kettleman vs. "Wild
Norah; Vagrant vs. Golden Russet; Patriot vs.
Trade Dollar: Vandal vs. Annie Hall; Shadow
vs. Golden Garter: Master Rocket vs. Blue Rib
bon; Harlean Gladys vs. For Freedom;- Tapioca
vs. Banner Bright; King Cotton vs. Sir Pasha;
Narcissus vs. The Chief; Herschel's Pride vs.
Rude Awakening; Game Boy vs. Ben Kirby;
Tyrone Prince vs. Modest Lad; Royal Union
vs. Pickpocket; Rich Argosy vs. St. Ives; Mas
ter "Workman vs. Royal Archer; Greenbuck va.
Sweet Emma; Strayaway vs. Lear King; John
Doe vs. Harper; Best Bargain vs. Rocker; Tea
Rose vs. Frisco Lad; Master Lawrence vs.
Rosle R; Honor Bright vs. Jesiby; McKinley
vs. Bona Magnlflca; Mount Ida vs. Roman
Athlete; White Hat vs. Honesty; Cadelaria vs.
Motto; The Grafter vs. Cecil M; America vs.
Lilac; Miss Wilson vs. Bowery Boy; Wedge
wood vs. Faraway; Palo Alto vs. Mose; Fonte
noy vs. Agamemnon; Montana Belle vs. Spite
ful; Ireland vs. Chicago Boy; Bonnie Pasha vs.
Union Jack; Athena vs. Boney Boy; Jingle
Bells vs. Bad Boy; Pleasant Girl vs. Brutus;
Achilles vs. Liberator; Talk to Me vs. Royal
Anne: Fine Fire vs. Sir Lawrence; Castaway
vs. Flower of Gold; Anchor vs. Parlor Maid;
Silver Lyon vs. Dewdrop; Johnnie R vs. Vul
can; Lady Clare vs. Crocket Hill; Bonaflde vs.
First Foot; Loyal Lad vs. Ploughboy; War
path vs. Black Flush.
Lake Tahoe and Eeturn.
Very low season round trip tickets to
Lake Tahoe from San Francisco, Oakland.
Alameda, Berkeley, San Jose, Stockton,
Sacramento. Marysville, Napa, Santa
Rosa. Woodland. Friday to Tuesday,
round trip from San Francisco only J10.S0.
Literature nearest agent or at 613 Mar
ket street.
The shoot by the National Guard, which
had been announced for 8 o'clock on Sat
urday morning, has been changed to 1
o'clock in the afternoon. The guardsmen
will trv to rival the best scores of the
German riflemen.
The National Guard. Shoot.
Kansas City Forger Arrested.
Frank Richards, a stenographer from
Kansas City, was arrested on Washington
street yesterday morning by Detectives
Byram and Bell and locked up in the City
Prison. Captain Seymour received a dis
patch from Joan Hayes. Chief of Police
of Kansas City, to arrest Richards, aa he
was wanted thore for forgery. After the
arrest he received a dispatch to hold Rich
ards, and said «.n officer would be sent
to take him back. Richards Is accused of
forging the name of Otto Webber to a
check for $50, which he cashed.
Society of Gardeners.
The Pacific Coast, Horticultural^ Society
met at Mission Opera Hall. 2121 "Mission
street, Monday evening. H. Plath pre
sided and H. H. Llllenthal acted as secre
tary-^ Superintendent McLaren of Golden
Gata'TPark was admitted to membership
and said that all the park gardeners will
follow him into the organization.
At the next meeting, to be held at the
same place, August 5, the question of the
admission of women to membership will
be discussed.
James J. Jeffries, heavy-weight cham
pion of the world, arrived In the city yes
terday from Catalina Island, with the> In
tention of remaining in this city for the
winter and partaking in a few exhibitions
In the pugilistic arena. :
Jeffries looks to be in the pink of con
dition and when seen last evening with
his manager, J. P. Egan, he expressed
himself as .being delighted to be in the
city of the Golden West again.
When asked as to the object of his visit
to this city, Jeffries said:
"I left the 'East about six weeks ago in
order to escape the hot spell. We came
right through to the coast and went to
Catalina Island. We had a great time and
enjoyed tuna fishing and goat hunting. I
propose to stay here for the winter and
make a few matches. I would like to meet
Fitzsimmons, from whom I won the cham
pionship of the world. Six* months after
I whipped him he claimed that he had
been 'doped' and that he was in no con
dition to fight me. Well, I will give him
the first chance. If Ruhlin or Sharkey
want to meet me I will take them on in
proper 'order. I have so far made no ar
rangements with any clubs, although I
have received proposition* from them.
"I expect to remain here for a week and
then I will go to the mountains to spend,
the balance of my vacation. I weigh at
the present time about 225 pounds, but I
hope to be able to fight at. 205 or 206
pounds. I shall do a certain amount of
exercise In order to keep myself in trim.
I need not say that I am delighted to get
back to this coast. Pugilistic affairs in
the East are in bad condition, due to the
faking managers and certain fighters."
J. P. Egan, manager for Jeffries, was
welcomed by a host of friends. The pop
ular manager of the champion of the ring
has changed but little since he was here
last. He also expressed his delight at be
ing in San Francisco and escaping- from
the heat of the | East. "When asked to
give his views on. pugilism in the East
Egan said: "It is as Jeffries says. Fake
fighters and fake promoters have spoiled
the game all over the country. The pub
lic is always willing and anxious to see
a genuine fight, but it is tired of the so
called fighters who lay down in the ring
In order to make money through the bet
ting books. Pugilism will always be pop
ular as long as It Is genuine. Jeffries will
be ready to meet Fitzsimmons, Ruhlln,
Sharkey or any of the others who feel
they have a right to contest 'Jim's' title
to the championship. As his manager I
shall exact the same conditions as were
exacted from him when he challenged
the holder of the championship."
Champion Heavy-Weight Pre
i\ paired to Meet All
Comers
He Will Spend the
Winter on the
Coast.
JIM JEFFRIES
ARRIVES HERE
The San Francisco Produce Exchange
held Its annual meeting yesterday morn-
Ing at 11 o'clock in its rooms in the Mer
chants' Exchange building. There was a
full attendance of members.
The annual reports of the president,
George W. McNear, and the treasurer,
Henry F. Allen, were received. The re
port bf the president was as follows:
To the Members of the San Francisco Prod
uce Exchange — Gentlemen: I have the honor to
submit my annual report of the affairs of your
exchange for the past year, the twenty-third
year of its corporate existence.
It is the closing period of three comparatively
dry seasons, during which there has been only
a moderate ¦ production of the cereals most
traded in by your members. It has been a sea
son of low prices, void Of all speculative char
acter, and, consequently, not a season favor
able to general prosperity or to this exchange.
The new season commences with prospects of
a large harvest and good 'export demand for
our cereals. We have good reason to expect a
much larger business and to have results bene
ficial to the producers and to your exchange
association.
During the year it has been your misfortune
to lose by death four of jour members— W. H.
Yates. John F. English, J. Fairbanks and Wil
liam Presbach. W. II. Yates and William
Dresbach were charter members. There have
been thirteen new members admitted and a like
number were retired.
Good Financial Showing.
For the details of the financial conditions of
your Exchange and Call Board, I beg to refer
you to the reports of the secretary and treas
urer. From these reports you will see your
margin fund earned $4472 12 net. a very good
showing considering the reduced amount in the
fund resulting from the lack of speculative Call
Board contracts during the year.
Your indebtedness on your Merchants' Ex
change etoek at the beginning of the year was
$28,000. You have received in regular dividends
on your Merchants' Exchange stock $8488 and
an extra dividend out of Its reserve or building
fund of $25,464, or a total during the year of
{33.952.
You have paid off the indebtedness of $28,000;
also $1200 has been transferred to the Call Board
Association to make up Its deficiency for the
year of $1450; also various expenditures, among
which were $650 unanimously voted the Galves
ton sufferers, leaving a balance of cash on hand
of $2256 85. You now have among your assets
2122 shares of Merchants' Exchange Associa
tion stock (out of a total of 2431 shares Issued)
free of incumbrance, which at the sale value
of $300,000 for the Merchants' Exchange Asso
ciation property will give you $261,867 53. There
will also be a further dividend from the Mer
chants' Exchange stock on the final completion
of the sale and distribution of its assets. Thus
you will realize a value for each membership
something more than $1300 in cash.
It has been the desire and opinion of the
members of this exchange that a more suit
able building, one that would be a credit to this
city, should be provided for its purposes. This
condition Is about to be realized by the union
of your forces with the general merchants,
bankers and manufacturers of this city in the
promotion of the new Merchants' Exchange.
To bring about this most satisfactory condition
has been no easy task, and much credit is due
to your secretary, Mr. Friedlander, in his un
tiring efforts and to your virtually unanimous
subscription to the membership of the new ex
change. We are also under obligations to a few
public-spirited capitalists, who came forward
with liberal cash assistance in the purchase of
the property of the Merchants' Exchange Asso
ciation, thereby guaranteeing the construction
of the proposed building.
San Francisco's Future.
The future importance of San Francisco as
a commercial center. Its geographical position
on the highway to the Orient, is now attracting
the attention of people throughout the United
States. The new Merchants' Exchange, bring
ing together all the mercantile and financial
interests of this city in a strong commercial
union. Is bound to exercise important Influence
in promoting the future greatness of your city.
The President of the United States and part
of his Cabinet have shown their Interest in this
city and coast by having honored it with their
presence. We have also been honored by a
visit of the Harbor and River Congressional
Committee, the Chicago Merchants' Club, as
well as many and large delegations from va
rious societies, and I am sure they return to
their homes and posts of duty with favorable
Impressions of the possibilities of this city and
coast; and the merchants of this city have quite
recently sent a delegation to Washington, in
which your association was represented, to fur
ther the commercial interests of this city in
the establishing of direct communication with
our new possession across the Pacific that we
may have better facilities for trade and com- '
merce with the Philippines and the Orient in
general. '
This city has a great commercial future. Let
us do our part in preparing for it.
I desire to express my appreciation of the
faithful and efficient manner in which I have
been aided by your board of directors, your
secretary, cashier and various committees in
conducting the affairs of this exchange during
the past year. I tender my thanks to them for
their faithful performance of their duties and
for the harmony that has existed among: us.
Most respectfully submitted,
G. W. McNEAR, President.
San Francisco, July 17, 1901.
The directors for the ensuing year are:
G. W. McNear, president; H. Sherwood
vice president; Henry F. Allen, treasurer-'
E. W. Ferguson, J. M. Pcttlgrew, Max I.
Koshland, E.* A. Breese, E. E. Kahn,
George P. McNear; appeals committee-^
Maurice Casey, J. J. Moore, H. A. May
hew, H. Sinshelmer, H. Epplnger.
Merchants Display Mucli In
terest in theJProposed
Annual Meeting of San
-Francisco Produce
Exchange.
CONSERVATIVE
SHOWING MADE
Wanted In Los Angeles.
J. O'Brien Roche was arrested by De
tectives Whlttaker and McMahon yester
day afternoon on a warrant • from Los
Angeles charging him with ' obtaining
money by false pretenses. Roche denies
the charge emphatically and says he will
have no trouble In proving his Innocence.
POUGHKEEPBIE, N. Y., July 17.—
General Daniel Butterfield died at
his home, Craigside, at Cold
Spring, at 8:30 to-night. He had
been In very poor health for a
year or more, and has been in a condition
of semi-paralysis for some time. He
leaves a widow, but no children. About
fifteen years ago he married the widow of
Frederick James of Cold Spring, and she
survives him.
Daniel Butterfleld was born at Utica, N.
T., October 31, 1831, and was graduated
from Union College in 1849, and afterward
for a time went into the service of the
Mohawk division of the New York Central
Railroad, and subsequently became the
general superintendent of the eastern di
vision, of the American Express Company.
He served in the New York militia, Sev
enty-first and Twelfth regiments,-, fron\
1851 to 1861. As colonel of the Twelfth'.
New York militia he went into the war in
April, 1861, and led the advance into Vir
ginia. He 'was commissioned lieutenant
colonel in the United States regular army
and brigadier general of volunteers. He
served through the peninsula campaign,
was wounded at Gaines Mill and covered
the retreat to and from Harrisons Land
ing. He took part in all the battles of
August and September, 1862, and was pro
moted major general of volunteers No
vember 29, and colonel of the Fifth United
States Infantry July 1, 1863. He was bre
vetted brigadier general and major gen
eral in the regular army for gallant and
meritorious services. He commanded the
Fifth Corps at Fredericksburg, Va., and
was chief of staff of the Army of the
Potomac at the Chancellorsville and Get
tysburg campaigns. He was wounded at
Gettysburg, Pa. In 1863 he was transferred
SUCCESSFUL LADIES' NIGHT
AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB
Four Little Chinese Boxers Bring
Down the House in Shouts of
Laughter.
Under the direction of Leader John A.
Hammersmith, the ladies' night at the
Olympic Club last evening was one of the
most successful ever given by the club.
William Greer Harrison himself acted as
master of ceremonies. The large gym
nasium, was crowded with visitors, a
large number of members of the shoot
ers' bund being among the specially in
vited guests. • ¦
The first number on the programme
showed Harold Manor, Joseph Connor,
William Cavanagh, Walter O'Leary, OtTo
Ritter and William K. J. Toohig in some
excellent springboard leaping. George
Head followed with a daring trapeze act,
and then came William F. Karl in the
cleverest bar work seen here in a long
time. He was helped by 'Henry Bailey in
a clown stunt.
Clement Milward and Sam Berger, and
J. E. Britt Jr., introduced as the "cham
pion with the, gloves," and William J.
Leonard put up three rattling rounds of
boxing. Britt and Leonard were the
more clever in their bout, but Britt was a
little too quick and too heavy for his
man.
Harrison now announced the presence
of the bund members, and asked the band
to play "Die Wacht am Rhein" in their
honor, the audience rising. The Olympic
Club then gave three cheers for the bund
members, the visitors returning the com
pliment. Captain Kuhl, president of the
shooting 1 club, was introduced and made
a brief speech.
The members of the Arlon Verein, led
by H. Holzhauer,- sang "Maiennacht,"
with tenor solo by John V. Oppel. A. M.
Stone did some trick Jumping. The turn
Bection of the Verein Elntracht marched
in in force and made many curious pyra
mids. There . was fancy club swinging
by H. Schreiber, Otto Ritter, W. O'Leary
and Professor I Lando.
Then came the event of the evening in
the introduction of four little Chinese
boxers, each not over three feet high and
each a native son. The house came down
in applause, and laughter at their tricks
with the gloves, under the direction of
Trainer Hammersmith.
The "upside down" trapeze act of "Will
iam de Boe -was first class. In the fenc
ing, next on the programme, O. Kehrleln
and E. Kehrlein handled the foils, O.
Ortlon and Professor Tronchet the duel
ing swords and O. Kehrlein and Professor
Tronchet the broadswords. W. J. Leon
ard gave an exhibition of fancy bag
punching, and the evening 1 8 entertain
ment concluded with wrestling bouts be
tween J. Spiro and George Braun, C.
Bayly and Charles Pentony, R. Cornell
and George Hensley, and TV. McCullugh
and Charles Jenkins.
• ¦ . ¦¦- 4 . • • n • ¦ . ..- . y ¦ ..... _
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, -JULY 18, 1901.
General Daniel Butterfield, One of the Conspicuous Figures
in the Civil War, Dies at His Home, Craigside, at Cold
Spring, New York, After Long Illness and 'Semi-Paralysis
CLOSE OF THE CAREER
OF A GALLANT SOLDI ER
7
AMTJSEMEKTS. .,-
vU.LU§liI33#% LEADING THEATRE
IAST NIGHT TO-NIGHT BUT TWO.
1-AREWELL TO FRISCO. TT II TTfc T|T|
Good-by Matinee Sat. I 1 II I I ¦ I
Positively Last Time I I 111 I LJ LI
Nxt Sat. Ngt. July 20. 1 I I II 1 p 1%
CHARLES I I I 1 I I I I I 1
FROHMAN'S U 1 1 JJ JLJ 11
COLOSSAL
PRODUCTION _ji_
By Arrangement "With 1r M
DAVID BELASCO.
Paul M. Potter's 45**tt
Big Drama on ¦ . _ __ ' _. _,
Oulda's Famous Novel. TIT B 4Pi ¦¦
Over 100 Peode. I J I H Mil
ADM TO HI fl| T \
BLANCHE BATES 1 JJllUlJ
&S "CIGARETTE."-* *-"*» w «**¦
FYTRA f IBSEN MATINEE
J I * rt • With Miss BATRS.
TO-MORROW (FRI.) AFT. at 2:30.
One Performance Only of Henrlk Ibsen' a
HI=OOrt G f\ 13 t_ E. Ft.
Blanche Bates as the Heroine.
M^T MONDAY, July 22,
The Representative Irish Comedian,
MR. CHAUNCEY
OLCOTT
"THE SWEETEST SINGER ON THE STAGE."
In the New Irish Comedy,
"CARRETT O'MAGH."
"Written by AUGUSTUS PITOU. Manager.
The play will be presented here with the grreat
cast, all of the magnificent scenery and grand
.effects that characterized Mr. Olcott's long and
successful engagement of five' months in New
York.
Hear OLCOTT'S NEW SONGS.
SEAT SALE BEGINS TO-DAY.
VAUDEVILLE IK ALL ITS MODERN REFINEMENT
CHEVALIER ENRICO MABIO
SCOGNAHflLLO; DAJOT BBOTH-
EBS; CHARLES LEONARD
. FLETCHER; ETTA BUTLER:
GILBERT AND GOLDIE; IRVING
JONES; BIOGRAPH, AND LAST
TIMES ~ OP ""CLAYTON WHITE
AND MARIE STUART, AND
PROSPER TROUPE.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chalra and Box Seats, 50c. - '-
BELASCO AmBTHALCSsiixtfte
* maatenrHMu
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A Colossal and Stupendous Production of
MICHAEL STROGOFF
Magnificent spectacular features. Gorgeous
scenery.
A Profusion of Wonderful Features.
JAMES M. BROPHY
AND A GREAT CAST.
DDJT EC Evenings 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
rjftlLCJ Matinees : 10c, 15c. 25c
Next Week— Big Revival of "TRILBY." ¦
OJL YMriA cfo^Sr^i.
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE IN
THE CITY.
THE TWcTlAMONTS,
Marvelous Society and Novelty Acrobatic Duo.
LESTER "REEVES,
The Eminent Barytone.
IONE
. In Poses Plastlques.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAY.
ADMISSION FREi: >
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO~vs. OAKLAND.
To-day , Friday and Saturday at 3:15.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P.M.
RECREATION F*ARK,
Eighth and Harrison street*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOT HOW CHEAP
BUT HOW GOODl
COFFEE
Ceylon, Flat, or Pearl Berry-
Rout or Ground — 4$c — z$£Ibs. $l.
Finest coffee grown in Ceylon.
Mandehling Java Maleberry
Roast or Ground — 4JC— r\i lbs. $i.
Genuine Old Dutch Government.
New York Costa Rica
Roast or Ground— 40c— 2*4 lbs. $1.
Choicest coffee sold in New York City.
Mexican Volcano Colima
Roast or Ground — 40c — z lbs. 75c.
Grown on slopes ofVolcano Colima.
Hawaiian Hilo Kona
Roast or Ground — 40c — z lbs. 75c.
Best transplanted Java Berry Kona.
Capt. Cook Coffee Co. Kona
Roast or Ground — 35c — 5 lbs. 51.
Famous original Konaberry, cultirated.
Pineapple Flavored Colima
Roast or Ground — 25c — ] Ids. f i.
Very fine and rare. Between the coffee trees pine-
applet are grown. Sample cup served afternoons.
$1 lots of coffee sent free loo mile* by express.
Postal and telephone orders receive prompt attention
H43 Market St, bet 7 & 8 Sis. Tel. Mint 761
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great*!
J MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A Ch lCJllUEZZTST.tet.6:i47th,S.r.Cil. k
\ Or The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
m World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
V RgKA <#sease fwiUlvrlyrarnd by the oldest W
0 I 52 I Specialist on the Coist. Est 36 years. 0
A ACttf A OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN S
\ f CSraR Consultation free and strictly private. \
sf I Ufiffl Treatment personally or by letter. A m
\ v. If Vim Porititt Curt in every case undertaken. T
A m ff 11 A Write for Book. PDILOKOPOY«r A
W • H II HARRIACE. MAILED FREE. (Af
\ ft IL . nluable book for mrn) \
f DB. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St, S. P. F
J*W£^*L&~** THF 1
ONLY STORE I
( WEST OF THE MISSOURI 1
1 WHERE SHOES ARE SOLD DIRECT FROM I
I TANNERY TO CONSUMER. I
H « The Regal Store at corner of . Geary and Stockton streets is |
H owned and operated by the company that tans the leather and H
H manufactures Regal Shoes. fa
If From the time the tanner, takes the hides until the shoes M
M reach the wearer the various processes of making and handling H
m the Regal are all controlled by one firm.. Only one small profit £9
» is paid by the wearer. H
H Shoes sold by ordinary methods require complicated handling f|
H which involves the payment of five separate and distinct profits. 9
H These profits must be added to the cost of manufacturing the H
j shoe, thus making good shoes very. expensive and cheap shoes M
E very poor in quality. §|
E In a nutshell the reason why Regal' Shoes are better than II
Em other shoes is because the money saved by selling direct to the B
If W earer is put into the shoes in better materials and styles. • ||
Ef In quality, style and fit — in everything except price — the |1
El Regal Shoe at $3.50 is the equal of any $6.00 shoe made. No B
9 other store on the coast sells a $3.50 shoe anywhere near as good M
Eg as the RegaL .: "'¦ ' M
M Try a pair. The Regal line includes 26 styles of Oxfords, the I
I popular summer shapes. M
1 TWEIS'S SHOES ONLY. I
I Car. Geary and Stockton Sts. I
' Bj| ' - ' * ' ¦ - - ¦ wn
ffl Women's Regal Shoes are made in all the popular styles, H
¦ both dainty and mannish. The same reasons which account for El
B the superiority of Men's Regal Shoes i apply equally well to the H
I women's styles. Women's Regal Shoes are obtainable through Eg
H the Mail Order Department. Address L.C. BLISS & CO.. H
H Manufacturers, 109 Summer Street, Boston, Mass.. II
1 CATALOGUE OF MEN'S^AND WOMEN'S SHOES SENT U
if ON APPLICATION. g
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIGOEADAGKE
Positively cured by theso
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
In the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
>ffiy DEWEY.STRONG &C0.^FS^
Cl f)
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST
24 Po«t st.. Ean Francisco, Cal.
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
Write for 80-page catalogue (free).
COGSWELL
Polytechnic College
Corner Twenty-sixth and Kolsom etreets.
EAN FRANCISCO.
Courses of Study to fit younc men for
positions as
CARPENTERS. PATTERN MAKERS.
FOUKDRYMEK. MACHINISTS, DRAUGHTS-
MEN, SURVEYORS AND STEAM
EN61NEERS.
Open to any graduate of the grammar
Echools or eauivalent course.
A ONE-YEAR BUSINESS COURSE,
WITH STENOGRAPHY AND TYPEWRITING
For young men and women over 16 years of age.
MUSIC COURSES. FIASCO AND VOICE.
DOMESTIC SCIENGE COURSES,
¦With Instruction In
ElTVnXG. COOKERY. DRESSMAKING.
MILLINERY. HOME NURSING.
INVALID COOKERY. KTC.
NORMAL COURSES,
To Prepare Students as
TEACHERS OF DOMESTIC SCIENCE AND
MANUAL, TRAINING.
NO TUITION, except a tte of Five Dollars
per half year to cover cost of materials and
breakages.
TERM OPEN'S JULY 23. 130L
Office now open for applications. Send for
Catalogue.
BARTON CRUIKSHANK. M. S.. President.
ST. GERTRUDE'S ACADEMY FOR
YOUNG LADIF.S.
Conducted by the Sisters of Mercy, opens Aug.
E, 1001. Full Academic Course of Etudlea. Spe-
cial Normal Class for preparlne Teachers.
Grammar and lower classes graded on State
Schools. Modern building:; steam heated;
lighted by eas; large exercise grounds; loca-
tion unsurpasaed for health. Communication
by several lines of steamers.
Address MOTHER SUPERIOR. Rio Vista. Cal.
KILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY,
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
plomas; seminary course accredited to the
Universities; rare opportunities offered In mu-
flc, art and elocution; thirty-sixth year; fall
term open* Aug. 7. 1B0L Write for catalogue
to MRS. C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills College
P. P.. CaL
HAMUN SCHOOL and VAN NESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
San Francisco, Cal.
Bearding School for Girls. Accredited by
universities of California and Leland Stanford
Jr.. also Vassar. Smith' and Wellesley colleges.
Reopens August 12. i90L
SARAH D. HAMLIN. Principal.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
AND NEWSPAPER ILLUSTRATION.
DAY AND NIGHT CLASSES.
New Term Begins August 5.
424 PINE STREET.
RAYMOND COACHING SCHOOL,
465 Eddy St.. San Francisco. Cal.
Repairs deficiencies in all grades. Prepares
for Law and Medical Colleges and for the
Universities. Sessions continuous.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME.
SIXTEENTH AND DOLORES STS.
San Francisco. Cal. -
WILL OPEN AUGUST 1.
Address SISTER SUPERIOR.
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS,
20M VAN NESS AVENUE.
OPENS AUGUST 19. For catalogue and spe-
cial Information apply to
MARY B. WEST. Principal.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOIj
for the university, law and medical colleges;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building.
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
, 6AN RAFAEL, CAL.
Xmas • Term Will Commence August 14.
Major Geo C Collins. Commandant.
REV. C HITCHCOCK. Principal.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A THOROUGH SCHOOL.
Progressive, exceedingly thorough, finely
eoulpped departments; positions for graduate*.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for girls, 212« Cali-
f orX st. Accredited to the unlvers It es. The
next session will begin Aug. 6. For Illustrated
catalosrue address the principal.
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
ST. MATTHEWS MILITARY SCHOOL,
CAN MATEO. CAL. The next term win begin
Aupuet IS, 1S0L For catalogue and Illustrated
circular address Rev. WILLIAM A. BREWER,
A. B.. Rector and Head Master.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY,
S02 Montgomery «t.. San Francisco. CaL
Lessons personally or by malL Acknowledged By
official reporters, "best teachers, best system/
Co "le fie 8a i Rafael for Young Ladles.
Conducted by the gleters of St. Dominic.
Opens August 1, 1301. Full college counw of
eiutiles. Modern building; steam heated. Un-
surpassed for beauty and bealthfulness. Ad-
drees MOTHER SUPERIOR, College San B*-
fael. 6an Rafael. Cal
UNIVERSITY SCHOOL. 161S Bush St. (west Of
Franklla)— Principal GEORGE BATES. Mgr..
is Intended to furnish the beet preparation for
the universities or for business to a limited
number of pupils. Opens on Monday. Aug. 6.
For circulars, etc., address 904 Van Nees ave.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FATAL ECONOMY. *
__...¦-. . . n
WHM/JJiX VERY old maxim declares that it isn't econ-
omy to pick up pins ; the time is worth more
ij||S^ than the pins. Similarly it is not true econ-
P^^^ omy to do without Ivory Soap; your health
requires the daily removal of the bodily excretions >
¦which are discharged through the pores of the skin. I
These tiny mouths must be kept open, and they
should be opened only with a pure soap.
IVORY SOAP— 99 4 X& PER CENT. PURE.
CO^tmaHT 11)1 >T TMl HOCTtH 4 gAMltf CO. CI*CIWM<Tt
LAST FOUR NIGHTS OF
FLORENCE ROBERTS
AS LADY TEAZLE, Supported by Whit*
Whittlesey. In
"THE SCHOOL
FOR SCANDAL,"
Next "Week— "THE COUNTRY GIRL.'* *
Seats Now on Sale.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at X.
LAST WEEK— THE GREAT HIT
THE BABES
the WOOD.
. Next "Week— By Universal Request.
"THE TOY MAKER."
Popular Prices 25c and 60c
GRAND OPERA SEASON JULY 29.
Orders Now Taken for Season Seats.
Bale for opening week, Monday, July 22.
Telephone — Bush 9.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
Presents Another Tremendous Successs,
The White Heather
The cast includes Mary Van Buren, Kather-
lne Grey. E. J. Morgan, John Mason. Theodora
Roberts and the first appearance of Harrington
Reynolds this season.
SAME PRICES— 10c. 13c. 2Sc. 60c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats. All Matinees, Ec.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
NEXT "WEEK— "PAUL KAUVAR."
CHUTES/nd ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
special To-night !
THE AMATEURS
AND A
LADIES' HIGH -KICKING
CONTEST.
LUNETTE,
THE MAID OP THE AIR.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
"FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
IlOtnfin O Admission lOo.
CHARITY MARTIN, G. ,3. "WAJmELL.
Fietro Buzzl, James J. Mackey, Clinton Mont-
gomery, the Kelcey Sisters, Baby Ruth. Miss
Alice "Wren and Clarence Lyndon and Htnrlcha*
Orchestra. Reserved Seats 25c. Matlneo Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS
OPEN DAIX.Y FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. Jt
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. ra.
ADMISSION 10c UK CHILDREN So
Bathing. Including admission. 25c: children 20o
fcJ-V PALACE V .-
Connected by a covered paa-
sageway and operated Jointly
under one management on the
American and European plans.
1100 rooms: 900 with baths. «
Weekly Call,$l . 00 per TearPOPULAR MEMBER OF STOCK
COMPANY AT THE CENTRAL
THEATER.
Lunette, "the maid of the air," Is the
special attraction at the Chutes and Zoo
this week. A "ladies' high kicking con
test" and the usual amateurs' bill will be
on the extra Thursday programme for
to-night.
Fischer's Concert House has a good pro
gramme this week, in the hands of Char
ity Martin. G. S. "Wanrell, Pietro Buzzi,
James J. Mackey, Clinton Montgomery,
the Kelcey sisters. Baby Ruth. Miss Alice
Wren and Clarence Lyndon. The musical
numbers are particularly interesting.
Charity Martin, G. S. Wanrell and Signor
Buzzl singing a terzetto from "Ernani"
that Is very well received.
The Orpheum has . the usual unusually
good bill this week. Etta Butler is seen
in her last impersonations on the variety
stage, to which she now bids farewell.
Charles Leonard Fletcher also does some
gcod imitations of prominent folk: Gil
bert and Goldie, old favorites, are again
on the boards: the Damm brothers are
marvels;, the Chevalier Enrico Mario
Scognamillo is a headline 'cellist, and
Clayton White and Marie Stuart in a
quaint new sketch, and the Prosper
troupe, complete the good programme.
"Trilby" will follow "Michael Strogoff."
with Mr. Brophy as Svengall and Juliet
Crosby as the barefooted heroine.
some months. All the effects are pro
duced by red fire . and electric lights.
' Bananas with purple leaves and seedless
fruit have: been - Introduced into British
conservatories.
! The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis dally. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. . For full . Information ask L.
M. Fletcher, 126 California street. • •;
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
The San Rafael Hunt Club will hold, its
next paper chase Saturday, July. 20. THe
hunt club will assemble. at the. Hotel Ra
fael for the start at 3:30. There will be
a hunt of eight or nine miles, and the fin
ish will be near the; restaurant at Fair
fax, where the riders and friends will
gather for an afternoon tea." The entries
go far have been very large, and this
will probably be the meet of the season.
Many new riders have entered for the
chase.
San Bafael Hunt Club.
A novel event was held yesterday on the
courts of the California Tennis Club. The
affair was a handicap doubles and singles,
in which only, four men participated.
The first match .was a doubles between
Hugh Hume, and Ray Splivalo and Ray
Cornell and Adrian Splivalo, in which the
latter team allowed their opponets odds
of fifteen. In spite of the large handicap
Cornell and Adrian Splivalo won three
sets out of four, the score In their favor
being- 6 — 0, 6— 2r 4-r6, 6 — 2. Hume had never
played before a. crowd of spectators and
consequently was afflicted with stag©
fright in the early part of the ¦ match.
Later on. when his nervousness had worn
off. his play improved, and -with the able
assistance of his partner they took : the
third set.
Cornell was the star of the four, but
was little ahead . of his , partner, who
played a very clever game.' ¦ '
As there -was but one cup offered the
winning team decided to split up and play
a handicap singles match to . see . who
would become tho owner of the prize, and.
Incidentally, the handicap champion of
Belmont. ••
Cornell agreed to allow his partner In
doubles the largo handicap of thirty each
game. The fact that he either over-esti
mated his own ability or under-estimated
tho ability of his opponent -was soon^ap^
parent, for Splivalo obtained a big lead at
the start and was never headed;
The handicap seemed to worry Cornell
and he was unable to put up his best
game, while Splivalo played very aggres
sively and took many chances, which en
abled him to \rin out rather easily. The
ecore. In Adrian Splivalo'u favor, was 6—2,
6-3. - :
Many spectators from Belmont and the
city were on : hand and were treated to
some very good tennis.
SPLIVAIX) WINS TENNIS
HANDICAP CHAMPIONSHIP
"Did you see The Call to-day? We want
an ordinance prepared -which -will include
the county license knocked out by the
Kelley amendment to the Political Code."
The situation is this: The saloon men
have signed an agreement to. pay Taylor
and Mason a < certain sum to obtain im
munity from payment of license imposed
by the Supervisors of the county. ' The
liquor men are obliged under the signed
agreement to pay. counsel fees. .The. City
Trustees, however, -do not propose that
the public, shall lose any revenue, hence
they intend to flx a city license that will
equal both the city and the county license
hitherto imposed. The prospect Is not a
cheerful one for the liquor dealers. They
will be compelled to pay as much tor li
cense as they formerly paid, and in addi
tion thereto will contribute a fixed sum
to the manipulators of the new law.
To-day Adolph Sllva, Trustee of Sausa
lito, introduced an ordinance in the City
Board taxing all saloons and adding to
the city license a sum equal to the county
license knocked dut by the Kelley-Taylor
law. The Trustees called upon the City
Attorney to-night and said:
SAUSALITO, July 17.— The disclosure In
to-day's Call regarding the "joker" in
Assembly bill 456 is the topic of comment
here. The decision of the Supreme Court,
considered In connection with the. law as
doctored by Senator Taylor and Assem
blyman Kelley. convinces the authorities
that the County Supervisors of Marin
County cannot Impose license on saloon3
in this place. . •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Taylor-Kelley Joker a
Boomerang in
¦ Sausalito.
LIQUOR DEALERS
ARE THE LOSERS
2:10 class trot, purse $1500— Dolly Dillon won
two straight heats. Best time. 2:11%. Satin
Slippers, Klnir Chimes, Stamboulet. Phoebe
Chllders and Annie Burns also started.
Russell House stakes, $2500, 2:17 class trot —
Charley Me won the second, third and fourth
heats. Bent time, 2:HVJ. Metallas won the first
heat in 2:UM. Sybil H. Al K, Belle Curry, Ma
rique and Clara Kimble also started.
Wayne Hotel purse. $2500, 2:14 class pace-
Dan Patch -won three straight heats. Best
time. 2:08. Captain Sphinx, Amorel, Fred the
Kid and Lady All Right also started.
Free-for-all . pace, purse $2500 — Anaconda won
the second and third heats' in 2:02%, 203%. Co
ney won the first heat In 2:02. Connor and In
diana also started.
In the second heat Coney was favorite
in the auctions at $50 to $25 for the field.
It was a fair start and Coney and Ana
conda were In front, racing together at
the quarter, which was done in :29 flat.
Just as the figures were hung »ut Coney
broke, and Anaconda shot ahead alone.
With the others five lengths behind he
paced the half in :59^4. one of the best
performances ever seen, and duplicated
Coney's time to the three-quarters, 1:31%.
The mile, however, was three-quarters of
a second slower, 2:02%. Coney made up a
great deal of ground lost ! by his break,
but was several lengths - behind at the
finish. His record performance used
Coney up. and in the last^Tieat Anaconda
won all the way. with Connors "second at
the wire. Summary:
greeted the figures that were hung out by
the timers— :29?i.
With Coney still in the lead they passed
the half mile post in 1:00 flat, the three
quarter pole in 1:31>4 and Coney whizzed
under the wire in 2:02 flat, winner by three
lengths. . '¦ •
Recent experiments made by M. Gau
tier. of Paris i have shown that hydrogen
is a constant constituent of the air • to
thos extent of two in 10,000 parts . by vol
ume.
Englishmen Admit That Conduct of
a Team "Was Unsportsmanlike.
LONDON. 'July 17.— Secretary Newburn"
of the English Lawn Tennis Association
was interviewed to-day regarding a cable
gram from the United States imputing
an unsportsmanlike spirit to the English
lawn tennis team in refusing to go to the
United States. Newburn said.:
I am afraid It is only too true and. no one
reerets it more than the officers of the asso
ciation It happened in this way: R. F. and
H L Dohertyand G. W. Hlllyard promised
In" 1900 to SO over. - Two weeks ago we picked
a team comDOsed of the two Dohert^s, Hill
vard W V. Eaves, R. Barrett and S. H.
Smith The Dohertys kept us waiting three
days 'when H. F. Doherty said the doctors
had told him he must not play any more, and
H K Doherty gave a similar excuse. Hill
yard said he would not go if the Dohertys did
not Eaves' backed out and Smith could not
alter his business in order to take the trip. "We
were all UDset, but endeavored to get up a
team of second-raters in order not to dis
appoint the Americans. These players, how
ever having had no expectation of being
asked could not make the necessary business
and Personal arraneements upon short notice.
"We miKht perhaps have obtained third-class
men » but we thought it better to cancel the
whole arrangement than to send over an un
steadv lot. We urged the players to go. but
witho"ut • effect. It was impossible for A. "W.
Gore to get away. . •
What makes the matter worsa Is that
Messrs. "Ward and Davis, who came here and
eot beaten, behaved in a ; thoroughly sports
manlike way. Americans cannot . make any
more severe comments upon our leading play
ers than we do ourselves. I have .written ex
plaining, expressing deep regret, and . hoping
the Americans will accept • our challenge . for
next year, : though if they did not they would
certainly be within their rights after the way
the ¦ men have failed to keep their promises.
TENNIS PLAYERS . REGRETFTTL
The production of "Hedda Gabler at
the Columbia Theater to-morrow after
noon, with Blanche Bates in the name
role has aroused an extraordinary inter
est in play going circles. It is but rare
ly that an Ibsen drama can be seen here,
or anywhere: more rarely still . that .its
principal figure is Interpreted by so bril
liant an artist as Miss Bates. Miss Bates
will be well supported by leading mem
bers of the cast of the "Under Two
Flags" company, as follows: Jorgen leg
man. Albert Bruning: Hedda Teaman his
wife. Miss Blanche Bates: Juliana Tes
man his aunt, Mrs. F. M. Bates: Mrs.
Elvfted Miss Mabel Howard; Assessor
Brack7Carnpbell Gollan; Etlert Lovborg,
Eugene Ormonde; Berta. servant of the
Tesmans, Miss Helen Ware.
• • * . r . •
"The White Heather," a scenic wonder,
is the Frawley company's play of the
week and is pleasing large audiences at
the Grand Opera-house. The scenery is
the whole show in "The White Heather,
with^ the exception of one small acting
part that is admirably cared for by Theo
dore Roberts, the rest of the large cast
having practically nothing to do but
adorn the scenery and look pleasant,
which they do to admiration. The diving
scene is a marvel in its way. Next week
"Paul Kauvar" will be put on.
• * .. * - ' .
Sheridan will give way to Wycherley
next week at the Alcazar, when Miss
Florence Roberts will revive "The Coun
try Girl " in which she appeared with so
much success last year. White Whittle
sey will be seen as Dick Belville, a role
in which he supported Miss Ada Rehan on
a recent tour, and George Webster will
essay Squire Moody. '
Meantime "The School for Scandal'
goes more smoothly each evening, and Is
drawing excellent houses.
. • • •
The Central Theater has a very good
production of "Michael Strogoff" this
week, with James M. Brophy in charge of
the name part. Brophy does exceedingly
good work as the Russian hero, and the
settings of the play are' of the best. De
cidedly one of the most effective stage il
lusions ever seen here is the rea..stic
"burning of Kolyvan," that occurs In
the third act of the play. The scene
represents a city built upon the hills be
ing destroyed utterly, by fire, and the ef
fect of the gradual creeping up of the
flames, the quick spreading of the de
stroying element, the destruction of one
building after another, and the final
crashing down of the walls into a heap of
fiery smoking ruins is an altogether ex
ceptional stage picture. The stage man
ager of- the Central, George Nicholls, is
the inventor of the machinery of the
scene, and has been at work on it. for
THESE are the final nights of
Charles Frohman's great produc
tion of "Under Two Flags" at the
Columbia Theater. The. last mat
inee will be given on Satur
day and on the evening of that day-
Blanche Bates will appear for the ia=>t
time here as "Cigarette" in this Produc
tion, which has made a new record in
theatrical history. Next Monday night
and for the following two weeks tne
Columbia will offer as its attraction the
clever Irish comedian. Chauncey Olcott.
who brings his entire original cast an
production of the new comedy. Garreti
O'Magh" direct to this city from >.ew
York, where the play had a very success
ful run of five months.
¦' Our city's guests are cordially invited to
visit the art rooms and gallery, of paint
ings at S. & G. Gump Co., 113 Geary st. •
TJICIAH, July 17.— The TJkiah Game Pro
tective Association has been very success
ful lately In obtaining convictions of vio
lators of the game laws. W. ¦ N. Dutton,
who was arrested yesterday, ; •was .to-day
fined $40 f cr killing- deer. • S3. 1 Brown and
L. ,Lenbe of Mendodno were convicted of
similar offenses and fined $25 each.
Fined for Killing Deer.
Two Day Excursions to Palo Alto, San
Jose, Del Monte, Monterey and
' ¦ ¦ ' -V Pacific Grove. ': V • ¦ '¦.-/$
Leave Monday, Tuesday. Thursday, Fri
day next week. Round trip, .Epworth
Leaguers and -friends, $8.50, Including ho
tels and Seventeen r mile .Drive at Del
Monte. Southern Pacific offices, 613 Mar
ket street, Third and Townsend streets,
Valencia, street and Mechanics' Pavilion.
Flfth race, five furlongs— Ascension won,
Honolulu second, . Colonial Girl third. Time,
1:01. .
Sixth, race, five furlongs, selling — Oclawaha
won, Lady Adnor second Zlrl third. Time,
1:01 1-5.
Seventh race, mile and a sixteenth, selling—
Big Gun won. Armor second, Tinge third. Time,
1:48 1-5. J
BUFFALO. July 17. — Fort Erie summary: {J
First race, three- year-olds, selling, six and
a half furlongs— Guesswork won, Lady Hay
man second. St. David third. Time. 1:21%.
Second race, four and a half furlongs— The
Commoner won, Lucrusta. second. Major Dan
iels third. Time. :56.
• Third race, one mile— Uletlde won, AH Saints
second. Talala third. Time, 1:40.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling:— Hunting
won, Eau Claire second. Oconee third. Time,
1:15.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Hie Away
won. Lofter second, Oak Maid third. Time,
1:14%; ¦¦'¦.
BUTTE, Mont.. July 17.— Weather clear;
track fast'. Results:
First race, six furlongs— M. L. Rothschild
won Undergrowth second, Joe K third. Time,
1:16%. '•:¦•..¦>
Second race,- live furlongs — Don H won, Ned
Dennis second. Cushion third. Time, 1:01%.
Third race, four furlongs — Cayenne Pepper
won Pirate Maid second, WInnecook third.
Time, :49%. .
Fourth race, one mile — Donator won, Rio
Chlco second. Llndenella third. Time, 1:43V£.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Monda won. Yule
second, Distance third. Time, 1:15. /
Sixth race, five furlongs— Barney P- won,
Amasa second, Abba L third. Time. 1:02%.
-CHICAGO, July 17.— Washington Park results:
First race, one. mile — Admonition won. Six
Shooter second, Jlmlnez third. Time, 1:40 2-5.
8econd race, mile and a furlong— Federal
won. Captain - Gaines second, Prince Blazes
third. Time, 1:48. \
Third race, five furlongs — Endurance By Right
won Elsie I second, Old Hutch third. Time,
1:00 3-5. - . . *
Fourth race, mile and twenty yards— Sidney
Lucas won. Headwater second. The Lady third.
Time. 1:41 2-5. -- ¦ i£«5 : B«
Fifth 1 race, six furlongs — Andes won, Henry'
of Franstamar second, Isaline third. Time,
1:14. ' .
Sixth race, six furlongs— Rival Dare won;
WInterj second, Astor third. Time, . 1:13 3-5.
Third race, mile and seventy yards, selling-
La Sparta won, Sadie. Levy second. Pirate's
Daughter third. Time. 1:4S»4.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth, purse —
General M" Cruder won. Belle Simpson second,
Skillman ilrd. Time, 1:49. '
Fifth rs.ee, mll>i and twenty yards, selling —
Lunar won. Peter Duryea second. Guide Rock
third. Time. 1:44%.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Brulare won. Xorth
ern Spy second. Tom Collins third. Time, 1:15.
NEW YORK, July 17.— Brighton Beach re
sults:
First race, seven furlongs— Tom Kenny won,
Arden second. Bobs third. Time. 1:2S.
Second race, selling, mile and seventy yards-
Ethics won, Margravlate second. Balloon third.
Time. 1:45.
Third race._lhe Winged Foot handicap, five
and a half furlongs— Alibert won, Brixton sec
ond. Andalusian third. Time, 1:07 l-, r i.
Fourth race, mile and a furlong — Prince of
Melbourne walked over. Time, 1:55/-
ST. LOUIS, July 17.— Delmar Park results:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Merry
Wager won, Elsie Barnes second, Floridan
third. Time. 1:17. '
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling
—Hunter Ralne won. Miss Dora second, Taby
Tosa third. Time. 1:11.
in the Country.
Purse-Winners on Number of Courses
HACES ON EASTERN TUACKS.
MAN ACCUSED OF BRUTAL MURDER OF LITTLE GIRL LISTENS IN
TENTLY TO TESTIMONY GIVEN BY CHILD'S BROTHER AND A
WOMAN NEIGHBOR, WHO SAW THE SHOOTING. ,
fe»|-^HE preliminary examination of
1 j Robert G. Wilson, ex-pollce otneer,
if on the charge of murder for
il shooting and killing Maggie Hart
well, the little girl, on Shipley
etreet, July 4, was commenced before
Judge Conlan yesterday afternoon. The
defendant was represented by ex-Judge
Bahrs and ex-Judge Ferral and the pros
ecution by Assistant District Attorneys
Alvord and Igniting.
Wilson was' accompanied Into court by
his wife and some friends. He took a
deep Interest in the testimony given by
the witnesses, and several times prompted
his attorneys to ask questions. The most
notable feature of the examination yes
terday was the contradictory evidence
given by George Hartwell, a brother of
the murdered girl, and Mrs. A. Cademar
torf under cross-examination. The boy
also contradicted the evidence that he
gave at the Coroner's inquest in some
particulars.
The boy testified that before Wilson
fired the shot he and Mrs. Wilson were
Bitting on their front porch. After a fire
cracker had been thrown, which went
over a tree and landed on Wilson's porch.
"Wilson stepped from the porch, took hold
of a post with a flat top with his right
hand and placing his left hand in his hip
pocket pulled out a revolver and flred into
the crowd of boys and srirls, the bullet
striking his sister- He did not see Mrs.
Wilson on the porch after the shot was
flred.
Mrs. Cademartori testified that she lived
Favorite at Grosse Pointe
Shows Remarkable
Speed.
GONE! BBS
GREAT RECORDS
DETROIT, July 17.— In the free-for-all
pace this afternoon at the Grosse Pointe
track. Coney, the favorite, went the
fastest mile ever traveled in a. contest
¦upon the track, going the distance In 2:02,
•which is three-fourths of a second better
than the gelding's previous record. The
attendance ¦was 5000.
Indiana had the pole in the first heat.
The four horses were eent off to a perfect
start. As they rounded the first turn
Coney took the pole and led, with. Ana
conda next. When they flashed by the
quarter pole every one realized that it was
a fast quarter and enthusiastic cheers
opposite Wilson's house, and after the
firecracker, hai exploded and (fallen on
Wilson's Wilson came from the
porch with his hands in his pockets. He
leaned against the post with a round ball
on top, put his right hand in his hip
pocket,, pulled out a revolver and flred
into the crowd. She did not see any one
except "Wilson on the " porch before or
after the shot was flred. She was positive
that It was the post with the ball on top
against which Wilson leaned before he
flred the shot and that he used his right
hand. -
The boy was recalled, and ¦ on . being
again questioned repeated that It was the
post with a flat top that Wilson grasped
with his right . hand, while he fired the
shot with his left hand. The witness
said he had nis eyes on Wilson all the
time.
The other witnesses examined were Cor
poral George Russell, who produced a dia
gram of the scene of the shooting, which
he had made,~and Dr. Giannlnl, who made
the autopsy on the girl's body at the
Morgue.
. The defense 4 will not put on any wit
nesses, but there are many more to be
examined for the prosecution. The exam
ination will be resumed this afternoon.
It is proposed that on the first day of
the meeting, which is Tuesday, July 30,
ladies shall be admitted free, and as there
are many stylish turnouts in Sacramento
that are driven by ladles the association
will offer a handsome prize for the finest
single or double rig that will be shown
on the first day of the meeting. It 'is ex
pected that, there will be a number of
competitors for this prize.
All six of the $1000 purses for the breed
ers' meeting that closed on the 1st of July
were declared tilled. There were seven
teen entries in the 2:25 class pace, and all of
the other classes filled with big fields. The
association closed purses on the 15th for
the balance of the programme, and in ad
dition to the regular events there will be
three or four road races for members of
the Golden Gate Park Driving Club of
San Francisco and for the Sacramento
Driving Club. These races will excite a
great deal of local Interest, as owners are
to drive.
One of the sensational races of the meet
ing will be the 2:14 trot, in which are en
tered Richmond Chief, . 2:13Vi; Oseto,
2:13^.; Lottie, 2:15; McBriar, 2:14; Anzella.
2:13%; McNally, 2:15; Boydello, 2:14%; Ned
Thorne, 2:15^4, and the green mare, Nora
McKinney. There never has been a more
closely matched field of fast trotters
named for a race in California than these
nine horses. Each and every one of the
record horses has been working around
his mark lately, and wonderful stories
have come up from San Jose about
"Farmer" Bunch's mare Nora McKinney,'
so that there is a strong feeling among
the trainers that no matter how fast they
go in this race the McKinney mare will
be up among the money-winners. It
should surprise no one if it take six or
seven heats to deside the winner of the
2:14 tret.
- Among the stand-bys that will be seen
in tho sulky are "Farmer" Bunch, who
has a better string this year than he ever
started out with before; Ed Lafferty,
whose string is not a large one, but con
tains several extra good prospects; "Wal
ter Maben, who recently arrived in Sac
ramento wtih several fast ones from the
citrus belt; Sam Hoy, C. A. Durfee, I. H.
Mulholland, Billy Donathan, Al McDon
ald, Hi and Will Hogoboom, C. A. Spen
cer, ¦ Henry Hellman and many more who
are accustomed to bringing out horses
that can beat 2:15.
The Pacific Coast Trotting Horse Breed
ers' Association is one of the oldest and
strongest organizations of the kind in the
country and numbers among its members
the proprietors of all the leading breeding
farms in the State' and all of the well
known horsemen. 1 The association em
ploys paid officials in the judges' stand
and conducts its races strictly accord
ing: to rule. -. .
SACRAMENTO, July- 17.— All of the
blue-blooded trotting and pacing horses
that are In training for the races this year
are congregated at the State Fair groyinds.
In preparation for the meeting of the Pa
cific Coast Trotting Horse Breeders' As
sociation,' which will be held on July 30
and 31 and August 1, 2 and 3. This meet-
Ing will open the racing circuit for 1901,
and will be followed by a meeting at
Santa Rosa and one at Woodland, to be
held before the State Fair. From the
speed shown by the horses In their work
outs it is expected that a number of green
ones will come to the front. at this meet
ing and prove to be "crackajacks? ' There
are.several horses entered in the 2:25 class
pacing, purso $1000, that have been show
ing quarters better than 30 seconds and
miles close on to 2:10, and it is expected
that when it comes to a race they will cut
the latter figure several seconds,, as the
Sacramento track will be in prime condi
tion for fast time. * ' „
Special Dispatch to The Call.
on July 30.
Breeders' Association Will
Open Its Progamme
Splendid Fields to Meet
on the Sacramento
Race Track.
HARNESS STARS
WILL COMPETE
Will Revive the Play in Which She Met With Such Success
Last Year— GhaunceyOIcott Will Follow Blanche Bates
. at the Columbia— Central and Grand Are Drawing Well
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
IN "THE COUNTRY GIRL"
Two Important Witnesses, the Girl's Brother, .George, and: Mrs.
A. Cademartori, Contradict' Each- Other as to Which Hand
Defendant Used in Firing Shot, but Both Are Sure He Fired It
WILSON'S HEARING FOR MURDER
OF MAGGIE HARTWELL BEGINS
CRACK SHOTS
IN COMPETITION
Fulford of Utica Wins
the Honors at Long
Island.
— * ?
Grand American Live Bird
Handicap Is to Be Held
To-Day. _
?
NEW YORK, July 17.-EHJah D. Ful
ford of Utlca, N. Y.. outshot a field of
seventy-eight contestants in the prelim
inary handicap at 100 targets per man at
Interstate Park, L. I., to-day and won
the tournament, -with a cash prize of $..»
and a sliver trophy valued at $30. Ho
broke 05 out of 100 targets and shot from
the eighteen-yard mark. His closest op
ponents were John W. Hoffman of New
Germantown, N. J., and D. AV. Sawin of
Gardner. Mass., each of whom broke 92
targets from the seventeen-yard . mar/.
The next best score was 91, made by s>.
A. Inman of Pascoag. R. I., who stood a.
fifteen yards.
The association added $100 to the purs©
and entrance fees, which were $7 each,
and the money was divided among tno
sixteen highest scores. Sawin and Hoff
man shot off the tie. and the former won
second honors by breaking 44 out of 50
targets, Hoffman smashing 40 out of a.
similar number. None of the back mark
ers, such as Crosby, Gilbert, Heikea, Fan
ning and Banks, shot up to their averages
made in England recently, but they were
heavily handicapped to-day, as they stoorl
at twenty-two, twenty-one and twenty
yards from the traps.
To-morrow the big event of the tourna
ment will be begun. It Is the Grand
American handicap at 100 birds per man.
$10 entrance fee, with $200 added, with a
special silver trophy to the winner. Thar*
were seventy-one entries received for this
contest to-night, but there wl.ll probably
be a dozen post entries heard from to
morrow. Following are the sixteen high
est scores in the preliminary handicap:
E D Fulford. Utica. N. T. (13 yards), killed
95 " D W. Sawin. Gardner, Mass. (17 yards),
killed 92 J. W. Hoffman Jr.. A'ew German
town. N J. (IT yards), killed 92. F. A. Inman.
Pascoag R. I. (15 yards), killed 91. O. E.
Dickey. Boston (19 yards): R E. Dudley. New
York (18 yards); H. Y. Ellison. Richmond. Va.
(16 yards), and Simon Glover. New York (21
yards), killed 90 each. I. C. Ell, Chambers
bur* Pa. (16 yards): I. T. Allman. Millbrook.
N Y (17 yards); F. H. Snow, Brooklyn US
yards); "W. R. Crosby. O'Fallon. 111. (22 yards>.
killed S9 each. J. S. Remsen. Brooklyn OS
yards); C. E. Mink. Philadelphia (18 yards); T.
K. Howe, Highham, Maes. (18 yards), and F.
Whiting. Whitingsville, Conn. (13 yards), killed
88 each.
The handicap was preceded by sweep
stake events, three of which were at fif
teen and two at twenty bluerocks each.
In the first event at fifteen clay pigeons
there were ninety-three entries, four of
whom. "W. R. Crosby of Fallon. 111.: C.
W. Phlllls, Cincinnati; J. E. Elackbird.
Lancaster, Pa., and D. W. Sawin, Gard
ner. Mass., broke fifteen straight. In the
¦ second event, twenty bluerocks, eighty
nine entries, Glover, Gilbert. I. C. E.
Crosby, Banks, Kelsey and Sanford broke
twenty each. In the third event, fifteen
bluerocks. ninety-two entries, Apgar,
Glover, Gilbert, Crosby, Banks, Dudley,
Schortmeyer, Lawrence, Snow, Tallman.
Mink, Van Allen and Douglas broke fif
teen each- In the fourth event, twenty
bluerocks, eight entries', Remsen, Piercy,
Storr. Stearns, Dailey and Kelsey broka
twenty straight. In the fifth event, fif
teen bluerocks. ninety-three entries. Gil
bert. Crosby, Banks, Squeirs and Mlngo
broke fifteen each.
LOCAL BALLPLAYEBS
STILL HAVE GOOD LEAD
Manager Ewing Believes That the
Dudes Are in Form to Win
- Next Series.
Won. Lost. Per Ct.
San Franrfsco « » .K6
> Los Angeles M 31 -523
Sacramento .............SO 33 .462
Oakland 29 *» -*27
The Oakland balltossers still have a
tight hold on last place, but Manager
Ewing continues to live in great expecta
tions. He thinks that hi3 team Is now In
fine form and that it is overdue on a
winning streak. This week the Dudes are
to go against their old enemies, the Fris
cos, whom they have always managed to
worry. The Friscos have never been sura
of victory when up against the Oaklands.
The line-up for to-day Is as follows:
San Francisco. Pcs'.tlona. Oakland.
Graham ...' Catcher Lehman
Evan3 Pitcher Hodson
Pabst First Egan
Schwartz Second Arrellanea
Reilly Third Babbitt
Krug Shortstop Francka
Hildebrand Left field Dunleavy
Croll Center field Drennan
Nordyk* Right field Strelb)
Sergeant Victorious at Bisley.
LONDON, July 17.— In the shooting com
petition at Bisley to-day, held under tho
auspices of the National Rifle Associa
tion, the Alexandria prize wag won by
Sergeant Ransom of the Royal Engineers,
stationed at Galeb Head, with an aggre
gate score of 68. O. W. Wetmore of Can
ada was seventeenth, with an aggregate
score of 65.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 18, 1901.
8
I HEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A SAN FRANCISCO PHYSICIAN.
Uses Herpid.de Successfully in Treat-
ing Sycosis of the Beard.
He says: ~I recently treated a case of
6ycosis (similar to 'barber's Itch') of the
lower lip with Newbro's Herpldde. There
Teas an extensive loss of beard, with in-
flammatlon extending well down . on the
chin. The result of the application of
Herplcide was most gratifying. The loss
of beard ceased and a new growth of hair
is now taking place over the once in-
flamed area.
(Signed) "Melville e. O'Neill, M. D.
"845 Howard street.
"San Francisco, CaL"
Herpiclde kills the dandruff germ and
causes the hair to Brow abundantly.
Ctie<//ftf/icMetfcd/0ep£rfmefifo cftfjel
U.S. ARMY^ NAVY, Service!
>WlLUAKUWOLFF.VcO.' r '.
\ 5TSaM fRAMCISCO.'T 1MAIL, steamships came and went
in quick succession yesterday.
The Peru, from China, Japan
and Hawaii, arrived at 11 a. m.;
the Arequipa, for Central and
South American ports, sailed at noon,
while the Nippon Maru, for Japan and
China, via Honolulu, got away at 1 p. m.
The Peru brings the news of the dis
masting- of the San Francisco bark St.
Jarses. The latter vessel was on her way
from Newcastle, Australia, to Honolulu
and when spoken off Diamond Head on
Jul7 10 was fifty-five days out. Captain
Pillsbury of the Peru says the St. James
must have been caught in some very
heavy weather, aa her fore royal mast,
main topgallant mast and mizzen topmast
were gone, besides a number of spars,
sails and running gear. The St. James
was under jury rig and was making good
progress,*
The St. James is owned by the Cali
fornia Ship Company and is commanded
by Captain Tapley. She will be temporar
ily repaired at Honolulu and will come
here for a thorough overhauling.
The Peru brought up the following
named cabin passengers:
From China and Japan— Miss L. Bruce, Mrs.
M. S. Hunter McLelian, Miss Ida McLellan,
Mrs. M. Atkinson. Gerard H. Matthews,
Maurice Chapln and E. Perrault.
From Honolulu — C. K. Lyman, Mrs. Moore,
John Piver, L B- Burn. Miss L. C. Annan.
Mies Ross. J. L. Upnan, E. Pollitz. Captain
O. Rice. Rev. William Kincald, Charles Greene,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Mattoon, A. R. Severn, W.
A. Rodenbergr, W. T. McClennan. Miss Mc-
Clennan, Mr. McClennan. E. Ol mated, Mrs.
Scrimg-eour. M. M. O'Shaughnessy, George
StraterneycT, Mrs. S. B. Cheek, daughter and
maid. E. Koepke Jr.. W. Macfarlane, Ethel
Angus, M. F. Prosser, Dr. T. E. Bailly. Mis*
N. F. Hawley. M:es C. B. Albright. Miss Mary
Klnney, C. B. Wells, wife and two sons.
TWO twatt. STEAMSHIPS SAIL.
One Departs for South America and
the Other for the Orient.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany's Areauipa sailed at noon yesterday
for Central and South American ports.
Eta did not take away a very large cargo
but carries a number of passengers. The
following named went Tiway in the cabin:
II. A. Baiss, E. F. Euphrat. A. Keller. Ro
dolfo Mendez, Mrs. P. L. Eepinosa, Mrs. Emilia
S de Pena, August Schumacher, Miss Octavia
I'ena. Miss Julia Gazena, Henry Meyer, En
rique Praquet. Dr. Luis Lazo, George Fay,
H. C. Kohler. R. T. Schraubstadter. Joseph
Williams. J. T. Hudelson. G. Beaumont. Isldro
Arro, Co'sma Zanbitta, J. B. Harris, Mrs. J.
B. Harris Captain F. Eaton, G. B. Dennis,
Mrs. E. Wiseman. A. R. Davout, J. E. Norton,
A. Gibert. Mrs. A. Gibert, E. P. Blackburn.
Edwin Walters. E. F. Doty. J. Marsden. J.
La wry.
The next steamship of the line will be
the Aconcagua. She will brins passengers
to San Francisco but vrill not cmrry any
when going away. She is only 'making
one. trip in place bf the Limari and it
would not pay to have her fixed up in or
tier to comply with the United States In
spection laws for the sake of a few pas
sengers.
These who sailed for the Orient on the
Nippon Maru were:
For Yokohama— George Bedinger. Leon Brock,
F. von Homcyer, F. H. Kinsman, Mrs. F. H.
Itingroan, S. Togo. Mr. Yokota. ¦
Fcr Kobe— J. G. Smith, Mrs. J. G. Smith and
two servants.
For Sharurhai— Mrs. Ida Baker, Minister E.
H. Conger Miss M. S. Keeves, O. W. Drollette.
For Hongkong — K. Battorff, Mrs. K. BattornT
and infant. Mrs. Grace Cohen. W. F. Draper,
l)r L. H. Fales, Mrs. L. H. Fales, H. J.
CoRliner V>r. J. J. Kinyoun. E. C. Ktmball.
Mrs. Mary Todd Larwill. W. T. Rickards. Mrs.
\V T. Rickards, Mrs. Xellle Robinson. J. It.
Thompson. Mrs. D. Wilson. A. L. Young.
From Honolulu— Hiss E. B. Alden, Dr. W.
Vv. Keen. Miss F. Keen. Miss D. Keen, Dr.
n, F. V.'ier. Mrs. R. F. Wler.
Mrs Grace Cohen and Mrs. Daisy Wil
eon very nearly missed the steamer. They
ca^ne down at the last moment and had to
be assisted aboard. C. Yokota was First
Chanceller of the Japanese Consulate here.
He has been transferred to Shanghai but
v.ill stop over at Yokohama.
Minister Conger is returning to his post
at Peking and Dr. Kinyoun 13 going to
i ' • * '¦'¦'¦-
! BARK ST. JAMES, OWNED IN SAN FRANCISCO, AS SHE APPEARED OFF DIAMOND HEAD LAST WEDNES
DAY WEEK. THE ABOVE PICTURE IS FROM A SKETCH MADE BY CAPTAIN PILLSBURY OF THE
MAIL COMPANY'S STEAMSHIP PERU. .. ]
Tolstoi Very HI but Improving.
LONDON,' July 17.'— According to a tele
gram from Tula, European Russia, dated
yesterday and received to-day by. M.
Tchertkoff, Count Tolstoi's representa
tive ;ln Great. Britain, tbe Count's fever
is said ; to be very violent, but Improve
ment in his condition is perceptible. . .
HONOLULU— Sailed July 8— Bark Mohican,
for San Francisco.' July 9— Bktn W H Dlmond.
for San' Francisco. "¦-•. - ¦ . ; .
Arrived July 2— Bark Oreztm. ; from Newcas
tle, NSW; schr Americana, • from ¦ Newcastle,
NSW. July 3— Br stmr Aorangl, from Syd
ney: schr Endeavor, from Port Blakeley; bktn
Kllkitat, from Port - Gamble: • bark -CD Bry
ant, hence June 19. July 4— Ships Emily Reed
and E2 well, from Newcastle. NSW; bark Ed
ward May, hence June IS; »chr Helene, hence
June 19; schr Jessie Minor, from Eureka. July
5-Ship Republic- from Newcastle. NSW; Btmr
Aloha, hence June 22; Br stmr Miowera, from
SEATTLE— Arrived July 16— Stmr Chas Nel
son, from Skaguay; stmr City of Seattle, from
Skaguay.
Sailed July 1&— Stmr Dolphin, for Ska gn ay;
stmr Dlrtsro, for Skaguay, stmr John S Kim
ball, for San Francisco. ; - '¦¦
Arrived July 17— Stmr City of Topeka, from
Skaguay; stmr Despatch, hence July 13.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived July 17— Schr
John A Campbell, from Honolulu.
Sailed July 17— Ship Henry Villard, for Hono-
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed In July, 17 — Bktn
Northwest, bence July: 5. .
Arrived July 17— Ship Paramlta and bark
Reaper, from Honolulu; bktn Northwest, hence
July 5. ' ' • ; • V •' ' "
Arrived July 17— Br' etmr Algoa, hence July 13.
NEHALEM RIVER— Sailed July 16— Baree C
H Wheeler, for San Francisco. In tow of tug
NEAH BAT- Parsed in July 17— Br stmr Al
goa, hence July 13. for. Seattle: stmr South
Portland, from Cane Nome, for Seattle.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 16— Schr Volunteer,
"Arrived July 17— Stmr Empire, hence July 13.
Sailed July 17-Stmr Empire, for San Fran-
ASTORIA— Sailed July 17— Stmr Columbia,
lor San Francisco. -. "• . .
EUREKA— Arrived • July 17— Stmr Pomona,
h< TACO J MA-Arrlved July 17-Bktn Portland.
"PORT U Sailed July 17— Ship
Henry Villard, for Honolulu. /^ "V.~ ,:-'-~)
ISLAND PORTS. x '
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived July 16 — Stmr Santa
Barbara, hence July 14.
CAPE NOME— In port June 24— Whal stmr
Jeanette, hence March 19.
Arrived June 26— Schr Fred E Sanders, from
Port L^dlow. June 27— Schr Lottie Bennett,
hence May 13.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived July 17— Stmr Se
quoia, hence July 16.
VENTURA— Arrived July 17-Stmr Coqullle
River, from Grays Harbor; stmr Oeo Loomls,
hence July 16. and sailed for San Francisco.
GRATS HARBOR— Arrived July 17— Stmr
Saa Buenaventura, hence June 30; schr Wi
wona. from San Pedro.
ST LAWRENCE ISLAND— Off June 2t-"Whal
stmr Belvedere.
POINT LOBOS. July 17, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind N\V, velocity 20 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
LONDON. July 16— Ger ship Arthur Fitter,
from Portland March 25. for Queenstown, was
spoken June 25. la.t 22 N. Ion 28 W, with fore
topgallant mfzzen and main royal masts gone.
HONOLULU. July 10— Bark C D Bryant was
discovered on fire Sunday. July. 7 at 5 am.
Tug Fearless pumped nine streams Into her for
three hours before fire was extinguished. Ves
sel was considerably -damaged and cargo con
sisting of hay and feed was badly burned and
damaged by water. Loes estimated about ?la.
000. - •¦¦ ..-,--..
Stmr Valencia arrived at Oyster Harbor with
crew of wrecked whaling stmr Balena on
board. >
M ISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, July 16— Dutch bark Pas, from
Liverpool, for Oregon, got ashore at Youghal,
but got off and proceeded.
MELBOURNE, July 16— Nor bark Passepar
tout, from Vancouver April 11, has been towed
Into » Sydney, her destination, "with cargo
shifted.
Per tktn Mary Winkelman, from Kahulul
July 17— July 14, lat 37 3 N, Ion 127 57 W, spoke
an Indian canoe about 30 feet long, bound
from Victoria for South Sea and Australia.
Wished to be reported all well. June 14 while
vessel was oft Kahulul harbor, carried away
main topmast.
MEMORANDUM.
Per BChr" O J Olson— July 6, off Koko Heads,
bark Hesper, from Eureka, for Shanghai.
Wednesday, July 17.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman? Seattle.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Dieero.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka.
Stmr Celia. Higgins, .
Stmr Newbure. Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, San Pedro.
Stmr "Washtenaw. Zolling. Tacoma.
Jap stmr Nippon Mara, Greene, Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Yokohama,
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Oyster Harbor.
Br stmr Arequipa, Lee, Valparaiso. -
Schr Esther Buhne, Salvesen, Grays Har
bor.
Scbr Volant, Halveson, Port Gamble.
Schr Roy Somers, Soiland, San Pedro.
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgensen, Coqullle River.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Fort Ross.
SPOKEN.
Per schr Ottillie Fjord— June 21, lat 30 N, Ion
Io0 W— Passed bktn Mary Winkelman, with
main tcumast carried away.
May 29. lat 33 3, Ion 30 W— Br bark County
of LlnlithKOWEhlre, from Oregon, for United
Kingdom.
June 13. lat 30 N. fllon 20 W— Br ship British
Kes, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
June 25, !at 4 N, Ion 30 W— Ger ship Peter
Rickmers, from Oreeon, for Queenstown.
July 1, lat S5 N. Ion 39 W— Ship BenJ F
Packard, from Norfolk, for Honolulu.
Per sehr Irene— June 6, lat 5 38 N, Ion 153 39
W— Br bark Ivanhoe. from Port Blakeley, for
EAILED.
Wednesday. • July 17.
Jap Etiar Xipi>on Mara, Greene, Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu; W H Avery.
Br 6trnr Arequipa. Lee; Valparaiso and way
ports; Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
Br stmr Bristol,, Mclntyre, Ladyemith; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
Bark Yosernite. Hamilton. Melbourne; Demp
ster & Son.
Schr Forest Home, Wayland, Ladysmith;
Swaj ne & Hoyt-
CLEARED.
Sohr Rio Rej-, Hansen, 24 hours from Men
doclno.
Schr Ottillie Fjord, Bosch, 32 days from Ma
hukona.
Schr Abbie, Petersen, 3 days from Eureka.
Bktn Mary Winkelman, Guttmorsen, 33 days
from Kahulul.
Wednesday, July J7.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson. 66 hours from Grays
Harbor; bound to San Pedro: put In to land
passengers. ;
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, 17 hours from
Cleone.
Stmr Del Norte. Green. 46 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Peru. Pillsbury. 29% days from Hong
kong, via Yokohama 18 days 14 hours, via
Honolulu 6 days 19 • hours.
Br Etmr Wellington, Salmond, 86 hours from
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Hongkong for the United States Govern
ment.
Vancouver. July 6 — Stmr China, hence June
23; «ttnr Colon, from Port Los Angeles; stmr
Hawaiian, hence June .27; schr Oliver J Ol
sen, from Newcastle, NSW. July 8— Bark
Haydn Brown, from Departure Bay; schr Em
ma Claudina. from Eureka; , schr W H Mars
toh, hence June 26; schr A B Johnson, from
Newcastle, NSW. July «9— Bktn S N Castle,
hence June 27. •
- Outside bound In July 10— Bark St James,
from Newcastle, NSW, partially dismasted.
Sailed July 3— Br stmr Aorangl, for Victoria;
ship Balclutha, for Puget Sound; Ital bark
Amelia Ciamua and schra Golden Bhoro and
Mary E Foster, for Pucet Sound; U S stmr
Philadelphia, for Pago Paso. July 5— Br ship
Hilton, for Portland. July 6— Barks Alden
Besse and Andrew Welch, for San Francisco;
Br stmr Miowera, for Sydney; stmr China, for
Yokohama-
Arrived July 7— Schr Oliver J Olson, from
Newcastle, NSW.
¦THA HURON A— Sailed July 1— Brls ConBuelo,
for San Francisco.
KAHULUI— Arrived June 28— Bktn Ruth,
from Honolulu; Br bark Antiope, from Lady
smith. July 1— Schr Allen A, from Honolulu.
To sail July 8— Schr Allen A, for San Fran
cisco. •
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 16— Stmr Allianca,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— Sailed July 14— Br ship Formo
sa, for San Dlejro.
CALLAO— Sailed July 4— Br bark Godvla, fcr
Tacoma.
COLON— Arrived July 6— Nor stmr Hero,
from Norfolk.
GENOA— Cleared July 1— Ger stmr Hathor.
for Valparaiso and San Francisco.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed July 1— Ger stmr Kam
byses, for Hamburg-.
PANAMA— Sailed July 6— Chll stmr Aconca
gua, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN -Sailed July 15-Br ship An
dromeda, for Dublin.
GUAYMAS— Arrived July 16— Schr Dauntless,
from Port Townsend.
OYSTER' HARBOR— Arrived July 17— Stmr
Valencia, from Nome. - ; '¦ - * - ¦
OCEAN STEAMERS. '.:
SYDNEY, NSW— Arrived prior to July lfr—
Stmr Sonoma, from San IJrancisco, via Hono
lulu, Apia and Auckland.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to July 17— Stmr
Gaelic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu and
Yokohama.
BROWHE AD— Passed July 15-Stmr Servia,
from New York, for Queenstown and Liver
pool.
CHERBOURG — Arrived July 17 — Stmr
Deutschland, from New York, via Plymouth,
for Hamburg, and proceeded.
SOUTHAMPTON*— Sailed July 17— Stmr Kai
ser Wilhelm der Grosse, from Bremen, for New
York,, via Cherbourg.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 17— Stmr Oceanic,
from Liverpool and Queenstown.
Sailed July 17— Stmr St Louia. for South
ampton; stmr Majestic, for Liveroool, via
Queenstown; stmr Frlesland^ for Antwerp.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. •
The Bertie Minor will load lumber at Eureka
for Honolulu: the "Win. H. Smith, coal at Ta
cotna for Honolulu; the S. T. Alexander, mer
chandise here for Kahulul; the Jabez Howes,
lumber on Puget Sound for Sydney, 41s, Mel
bourne or Adelaide. 48s 9d, prior to arrival.
Lumber for Australia,
The bark Yosemlte cleared yesterday for Mel
bourne with 731,214 ft lumber and 7761 bdls door
stock valued at 128,710. !
Steamer Movements.
_^ TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 96,268 to 96,363. inclusive,
tJelng 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $30,C0O— $40.
100 numbers from 72,498 to 73,598. inclusive,
being 60 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $30CO-$24.
100 numbers from 58.559 to 58,659, Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $40CO— $16.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
909 numbers ending with 18, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $30,OC-0— $S.
939 numbers ending with 4S, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize of $SO0O-$3.
The subscriber having supervised the single
number drawing, class "O," Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100,000 placed in the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them. "Witness
my hand at. Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A.,
this Saturday, July 13. 1901.
W. I* CABELL, Commissioner.
$15 0C0 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF FIRST CAPI
TAL PRIZE. \
State of Missouri, City of Brookfield, County of
Linn.— 89. -< ¦ >
The' undersigned herewith testify that they
are the lawful owners of one-half ticket No.
4S0O in the Honduras National Lottery Com
pany (Louisiana State Lottery), which they
bought from the authorized agent in St. Louis,
Mo. In the drawing of said lottery, which took
place on Saturday. June 15. 1901, in Puerto
Cortez, Honduras, C. A., the above number 4300
drew the first capital prize of $30,000.
R. A. BARRETT,
R. S. McCONNELL.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, a notary
public In and for county and State aforesaid,
this 22d day of June, 1901.
CHARLES H. JONES, Notary Public.
$7500 FOR 50 CENTS— ONE-FOURTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
I, the undersigned, do hereby certify that I
am the bona fide holder and owner of ticket
number 4SC0 In • the Honduras National Lottery
Company, which said ticket is one-quarter In
the drawing of June 15. 1901, which drew ' the
capital prize of $30,000, my residence being 1314
West Mulberry street, Baltimore. Md.
JAMES H. GRAY.
Sworn to antj subscribed before me at New
Orleans. I>a., this 3d day of July, 1901.
M. C. SONIAT, Notary Public
$2000 FOR Jl-ONB-HALF OF THIRD CAPI
TAL PRIZE
' State of Missouri.'
CITY OF ST. LOUIS. June 21, 1901.
Mrs. J. A. McNally, wife of Mr. James A.
McNalJy deposes and says that she resides at
1220 North Sarah street, city of St. Louis, Mo.;
that' she is the rightful owner of half of ticket
No. 79,321. which drew the third capital prize
of $4000 in the Honduras National Lottery Com
pany drawing which took place on Saturday,
1 June 15, 1901, in Puerto Cortez. Honduras, C.
A and that she received . to-day in this city
the amount of her prize in full without any de
duction or expense whatever.
, MRS. J. A. McNALLY.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 21st
day of June, 1901. - - ¦ .
- JOHN W. BENSTEIN, Notary Public.
$1000 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OF SEC
OND CAPITAL PRIZE.
NEW YORK, June 22. 1901.
I am the bona fide owner of one-eighth ticket
No 32007 of the Honduras National Lottery
Company, drawing held at Puerto Cortez, Hon
duras • on June v 15, 1901. Said ticket drew the
second capital prize of eight thousand dollars,
and I have received the money in full. -
JOSEPH BLOCK.
222 E. Broadway. New York.
Sworn to before me thj,s 22d day of June, 1901.
. M. SALMANOWITH,
Notary Public, New York County.
Originals of foregoing: affidavits held by
president of Honduras National Lottery Com
i pany. (L. A. State Lottery Co.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 18, 1901.
BARK ST. JAMES IS PARTLY
DISMASTED IN A HURRICANE
sharp.
9
'tie.
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom July 18
Fulton Grays Harbor July 18
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... July 18
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. July is
Rival Willapa Harbor July IS
Santa Rosa — San Diego & Way Ports July IS
Conemaugh Nome & St. Michael... July 13
J. S. Kimball.. Nome. via Seattle July IS
State of Cal Seattle : July 18
\V. H. Kruger. Tillamook Bay July 19
Robt. Dollar... Seattle and Hadlock July 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. July 19
Point Arena... Point Arena July 19
Pomona Humboldt July 19
Bmplre Coos Bay July 19
Crescent City. . Crescent City July 21
Asuncion. Seattle July 21
Noyo Humboldt July 21
Eureka Humboldt July 21
San Bias Panama & Way Ports.. July 21
Santa Barb'ra: San Pedro ; July 21
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports July 21
Bonita San Pedro & Way Pts. July 21
Corona.' San Diego July 21
Milton Nanalmo July 22
Coronado San. Pedro July 22
.North Fork.... Humboldt July 23
Mariposa Sydney & .Way Ports.. July 23
Sierra .'... Honolulu \ July 23
Arcata Coos Bay July 23
HermonthU Seattle : July 23
G. Dollar....... Grays Harbor July 23
G. W. Elder.. Portland and Astoria.. July 24
Aconcagua Valparaiso & Way Pts. July 25
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
1 Pier,
l"
Arcata
San Pedro....
Eureka
Newport
Arctic
Mandalay....
Conemaugb...
J. S. Klmball
Zealandla....
Umatllla
Rival
Coos Bay.....
Empire
July 18.
Cooa Bay
Humboldt
Humboltlt
Panama & Way Pts
Nome and Teller. .
Coquille Rive*.
Jnly 20. !
Nome via Seattle..
Nome via Seattle.. j
Honolulu
Fuget Sound Ports
Wlllapa Harbor ...
Newport. & Way Pt
Coos Bay
Jnly 21.
Humboldt
San Diego & Way.
Jnly 22.
Seattle & N. What.
Nome & St Michael
Astoria & Portland
Grays . Harbor
Point Arena.
Humboldt
Jnly 23.
Ban Pedro & Way.
Jnly 24.
Seattle & Hadlock.
San Diego & Way.|
4 pra
10 am
9 am
12 m
12 in
10 am
¦ I
4 pm
2 pra
11 am
12 m
9 v am
10 am
|Pler 13
Pier 2
Pier n
PMS3
Pier 3
Pier 8
Pler-
Pler 2
Pier 7
Pier 9
5th St.
Pier U
Pier 13
Pomona......
Santa Rosa..
1:30 p
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 11
Rainier
St. Paul
Columbia
Coronatio
Pt. Arena
Santa Barb...
5 pm
2 pm
11 am
5 pm
2 pm
2 pm
Pier 3
Pier 31
Pier 24
Pier 3
Pier a
Pier 2
Bonlta..
9 am
Pier 11
Robt. Dollar ,
State of CaV..
S pm
9 ami
JPier 2
(Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
City of Seattle.
City of Topeka
Chas. D. Lane.
Cottage City...
Fa ration
Victorian
Queen......
Excelsior......:
Nome City.....
Humboldt......
Skaguay t Way Ports.
Skaguay & "Way Ports.
Nome & Teller City..'..
Skaguay &.Way Ports.
Skaguay &. Way Forts.
Ekagruay & "Way Ports.
Skaguay & Way Ports.!
Cooks Inlet & Way Pta
Nome:& Teller City....
Skaguay &-Way Ports.,
July 19
July 19
July 20
July 22
July 22
July 23
July 24
July 23
July 25
|July 23
'tie.
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom July 18
Fulton Grays Harbor July 18
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... July 18
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. July is
Rival Willapa Harbor July IS
Santa Rosa — San Diego & Way Ports July IS
Conemaugh Nome & St. Michael... July 13
J. S. Kimball.. Nome. via Seattle July IS
State of Cal Seattle : July 18
\V. H. Kruger. Tillamook Bay July 19
Robt. Dollar... Seattle and Hadlock July 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. July 19
Point Arena... Point Arena July 19
Pomona Humboldt July 19
Bmplre Coos Bay July 19
Crescent City. . Crescent City July 21
Asuncion. Seattle July 21
Noyo Humboldt July 21
Eureka Humboldt July 21
San Bias Panama & Way Ports.. July 21
Santa Barb'ra: San Pedro ; July 21
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports July 21
Bonita San Pedro & Way Pts. July 21
Corona.' San Diego July 21
Milton Nanalmo July 22
Coronado San. Pedro July 22
.North Fork.... Humboldt July 23
Mariposa Sydney & .Way Ports.. July 23
Sierra .'... Honolulu \ July 23
Arcata Coos Bay July 23
HermonthU Seattle : July 23
G. Dollar....... Grays Harbor July 23
G. W. Elder.. Portland and Astoria.. July 24
Aconcagua Valparaiso & Way Pts. July 25
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
1 Pier,
l"
Arcata
San Pedro....
Eureka
Newport
Arctic
Mandalay....
Conemaugb...
J. S. Klmball
Zealandla....
Umatllla
Rival
Coos Bay.....
Empire
July 18.
Cooa Bay
Humboldt
Humboltlt
Panama & Way Pts
Nome and Teller. .
Coquille Rive*.
Jnly 20. !
Nome via Seattle..
Nome via Seattle.. j
Honolulu
Fuget Sound Ports
Wlllapa Harbor ...
Newport. & Way Pt
Coos Bay
Jnly 21.
Humboldt
San Diego & Way.
Jnly 22.
Seattle & N. What.
Nome & St Michael
Astoria & Portland
Grays . Harbor
Point Arena.
Humboldt
Jnly 23.
Ban Pedro & Way.
Jnly 24.
Seattle & Hadlock.
San Diego & Way.|
4 pra
10 am
9 am
12 m
12 in
10 am
¦ I
4 pm
2 pra
11 am
12 m
9 v am
10 am
|Pler 13
Pier 2
Pier n
PMS3
Pier 3
Pier 8
Pler-
Pler 2
Pier 7
Pier 9
5th St.
Pier U
Pier 13
Pomona......
Santa Rosa..
1:30 p
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 11
Rainier
St. Paul
Columbia
Coronatio
Pt. Arena
Santa Barb...
5 pm
2 pm
11 am
5 pm
2 pm
2 pm
Pier 3
Pier 31
Pier 24
Pier 3
Pier a
Pier 2
Bonlta..
9 am
Pier 11
Robt. Dollar ,
State of CaV..
S pm
9 ami
JPier 2
(Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
City of Seattle.
City of Topeka
Chas. D. Lane.
Cottage City...
Fa ration
Victorian
Queen......
Excelsior......:
Nome City.....
Humboldt......
Skaguay t Way Ports.
Skaguay & "Way Ports.
Nome & Teller City..'..
Skaguay &.Way Ports.
Skaguay &. Way Forts.
Ekagruay & "Way Ports.
Skaguay & Way Ports.!
Cooks Inlet & Way Pta
Nome:& Teller City....
Skaguay &-Way Ports.,
July 19
July 19
July 20
July 22
July 22
July 23
July 24
July 23
July 25
|July 23
The Original Little Louisiana Company of
San Francisco, Organized January,
1887. Drawing July 13, 1901.
¦No 96318 wins $7500, sold In San Francisco;
No. 72548 wins $2000, sold In San .Francisco; No.
58609 wins $1000, sold In Ban Jose and San Fran-
cisco- "No. 61918 wins J500, sold tn San Fran-
cisco: Nos. 8430 and 91162 each win $250. sold in
San Francisco: ¦ Nos. 31210, 42070, 58563. 79042,
80690 each win $100, sold In San Francisco and
Sacramento,* Cal. • --¦¦-. ~ •. - . ¦ -.*
HIGHLAND
Only Three Hours* Staging
To the pretUest healthiest, most restful place
ia all California. Resident pbysidan. Every
comfort and amuseisent. Rat^j— $M. $12. $11.
115 and $1( per week. Call on LKBS D. CRA1O
m Montgomery st.. and »•• photographs or
hotel and surroundings. We take P»«*or» In
writing full particulars. Addr«ss CBAJG A
WARNER. ¦
CAMP REVERIE,
IN THE^
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
NO.W_QPEN-
. Camp Reverie on the -GuemevUla branch of
the California Northwestern Railway is practi-
cally a hotel under canvas. _ • . .
Table board by the week. $8 60. famished
tents— different sizes— everything^ B « w -* h * r *!*
reasonable. Railroad fare from San Francisco,
round trip. $2 B0. Take boat at .TlburonFerrT-
Call or address Camp ReverieAssoelatlon.
Room 81. Flood Building. San *J!
particulars and booklets: or write Camp **V'™
Association. P. O. ForestvUl*. 8onom& .Co.. ,
Cal. Booklets may also be had at the ticket
offices of the California Northwestern Railway. ,
Delightful Surroundinqs and WITTCD
Excellent Accommodations at " 1 1 1 L«li .
MEDIGAL SPRINGS
LAKE COUNTT. CAL. V
Certain cure for Stomach. Ltver. Kidney.
Bladder. Skin and Blood Disease*. _
Recommended by Leading PbysieUes. Thau-
Tickets, California and Northwestern Rail-
road. Stage from TJktah,
RODNEY McCORMICK, General Manager.
wfTTEViraDICAL SPRINGS COMPANT.
Upper Lake P. O.. Lake County Cal.
Main Office & Water Depot. «16 Market, r. M.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove.. Lowest rates on the market.
Special rates for. Epworth Leaguers. Staging
2V4 hours first afternoon and 9 hours next day.
arriving at Yosemlte Valley 5 P-JIJ. Send for
Illustrated folder. . WM. J. WHITE. Gen 1
Agent, 630 Market st.. opposite Palace Hotel,
S. F.; tel. Black 3571. J^
*% WM i/l/lr) JBOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
v/r l3/v/7.V Co.; only 4% hours from
Uft/l 17 I/O San Francisco: but 9 miles
• staging: waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath in State:
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mall- and -express; nrst-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages : round
trip from S..F. only $3 BO. Take Tlburon ferry
at 7-50 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the pa«t
six years. Further Information at Travelerof-
flce. to Montgomery . et., or of J. F. MXTL-
GnEW. Bkaggs. Cal. '„-. s
¦ . . . N A PA: . . I Napa County.
SODA SPRINGS! Cal>
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL
health resorts.
Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains dally,
foot of Market street. 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further information address
A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
OWN A HOME "tSSj! 11 CAMP HEEKES
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker, $30
up: boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill depot, store, postofflce at camp: board
and lodging $6; take Sauxalito ferry, $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER,, or H. M.
GREGSON. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
J$3? Three trains dally: 2% hours* ride. A
Bettens. Mgr.. Byron Hot Spgs.. Cal.
-Lombard & Co.. »6 Geary street. City.
BEN LOMOND.
Park House In the Santa Cruz 'mountains; 5
minutes -from station; fine scenery; fishing,
hunting, fine drives, free carriage meets all
trains. : • MRS. J^ N. HATES. .
HUNTING AND FISHING GM.ORE.
Parties wishing to go on a hunting and fish-
ing expedition In the Coast Range, where deer
and bears are plentiful, and trout-flshlng is
elegant, may find their way out by writing to
G. A. EATON. Lowrey. Tehama County.
JOHAINIVISOERG.
First-class family resort In the Napa red-
woods. Exhilarating air. hunting, fishing,
EwlramlnK and boating. Terms reasonable. In-
quire THEO. BZ.ANCICENBURG JR., Prop..
Oakville. Napa Co., or The Traveler's Bureau.
10 Montgomery st
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENTOT OOOD
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZT
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
Trains lpave 3d and Townsend 8 a. m. and 2:«
p. m dally. For pamphlets address R. ROB-
ERTSON Prop. -
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
FlshlT'c; boats: excellent table; climate per-
.feet: 16 miles from Txuckee. 'In an unbroken
forest. Further Information Traveler office, 10
Montgomery, or i MRS. H. M. CLEMON3,
Truckee, Cal.
VICHY SFIftNGS,
The only place In the United States where
Vichy "Water la abundant. The only natural
Electric "Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
XJklah. J. A. REDEMETER & CO..
Proprietors.
For rest afldheaitliiN THE SIERRAS
near Colfax on C. P. R. R. Elevation just right —
2»C0ft— 136 miles from San Fr. No staging; good
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds $8.00 a week. Sand for
booklet Orchard Springs, Colfax, CaL
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO, Cal., Verano Station
(King's Crossing), on California Northwestern
Hallway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms,
tl per. day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU. lessee.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In Santa Crua Mountaina. Health, pleasure,
fishing, . hunting and swimming; good table:
guests at home; never fall to return; send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET, Llagas. " "
TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR A
few guests; mountain scenery: pure air. SS
per week. H. B. LAWLBY. Callatoga. Cal. -
HO! FOR THE GEYSERS.
Via C.xC. Foss* Etage Line from Callstoga.
The scenic route. Livery In connection. C C
FOSS. Proprietor. Caltstoga. CaL
CAMP f AYLOll- ¦ST^fSlW.fffS.
redwoods. Call Traveler office, 20 Montgomery
street, or address H. Q.- MARTIN. Proprietor.
B0ARD.FRU1T FARMg^ft^r-drfflt
Terms. J6; fare 80c. Box 64. Redwood City.
—^-OF THE '/.
u • ¦ -• ¦ - "- t
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.)
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.]
Single Number, Class "G," Drawn at
Puerto Cortex, Honduras, C. A., Sat-
• urday, July 13, 1901. , '
• ~ "~. ¦
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. . Prize
37.. 16 47. ....... 24 57 1G
126 16 273 24 340.. 16
412 40 '519.. 40 811.... 40
707 16 716 16 781. 16
.803 40 842 ...' 40 1033....... , 10
1087 16 1114 24 1145 16
1148 ;.. IB 1154. 16 1250 16
1303 ' 16 14J2... « 24 1607 16
1633 16 16S8 40 1694 .40
1943 16 2001 40 2162 1«
2197 24 2237 16 2327 120
2X96 24 2439.. 24 2535........ 40
27S0. ....... -24 2732 16 2848 80
2S79 ;... 24 3008........ 16 3172 16
3193 16 8209......... 10 3222 ¦ 24
3223 16 3351........ 24 3894. 24
3419 40 S695 .40 3885 16
3918 24 3987 40 3997 16
4004 Z4 4141 16 4158 " 16
4369 24 4403 89 4458 24
4664 120 478C. 80 4S12 80
4819 24 49S9... 80 4982. 40
5035 16 5448 120 6529 24
5655 83 5087 81} 6688 16
5819 16 6183.....:,. 18 6373 18
6437 16 6375 18 7021........ 1«
7085........ 24 7164 24 7252..."..... 1G
7324 24 7ZC8 16 737S. ....... 16
7427... 16 7713.....:.. 16 7882 16
7958 24 8184......;. 40 8184 18
8349 :.. 16 8401 84 8430; 1000
8684 24 8945........ 16 8891 24
9089.. 16 0054 16 9158 80
9284 40 9469 16 9494 ,. 40
9556..' 24 9676 24 9881 16
9896 16 9931........ 16 9977.: 40
10120 .'." 80 10188 16 10150 16
10249 16 10309 1« 108&7 18
10712 -16 10724 24 10777 80
10779 ¦ 16 10S3S 40 11109 24
11260 16 11325 16 11380........ 18
11371 16 11465 40 12088 18
12167 16 12175 24 12387 16
12422 16 12433 80 12486 40
12496 24 12529 24 12810 24
12638........ 40 12653. 120 12742. 18
13030 40 13049 4513128 « 40
13146........ 16 1335S 24 18381 18
13421... 40 13431. 18 13555 80
13590 24 13626 16 13766 24
13809 40 12823 80 18919 80
13343 .24 13990. 16 14221 24
14318.. 16 14396 24 14445 36
14475 16 14480 120 14568........ 24
14700 16 14705 40 14748 16
14875 16 14942 24 15090 16
15191 16 15208... 80 15256........ 80
15460 16 15486 40 15517 M
1561&7 24 15824 16 15968 16
15984 40 16265 16 16316 40
16318 16 16347 24 16429.. ' 24
16442........ 49 16505 24 16728 40
16S04 80 16807 24 17064. 18
17240 40 17263 4017283 80
17489 24 17487 16 17503 40
17608 16 17621 24 17650 18
17679 24 17748 24 17752 24
1S043 16 18187 16 18192 24
18317 120 18426... 40 18427 16
15157 16 18481 24 18505 24
18534 24 18547 16 18619 24
18673 16 1S761 80 1S778... 16
18796 1C 18888 16 18914 16
19048 24 19080 24 19160 .24
19173 16 19260 :. 18 19441 18
19495 16 19589 24 19602 .' IB
19877 34 19885 24 199S7: 18
20004 40 20008 80 30019.. 24
20069 16 20083 80 20152 ' 16
20139 80 20227 40 20289 24
20341 40 20384 24 20454 18
20500 80 20S61 16 20910 40
21223 16 21233 16 21245 3«
21260 24 21274 16 21280 16
21456 120 21476 16 21593 24
21640 24 21721 '16 21822 24
21S27 40 21837 24 21861 40
21923...'.... 24 21961 10 21967 24
220S6 40 22164 '.. 16 22174 24
22216 2422460 40 22471 16
22499 120 22561 16 22588 16
22614 24 227S0 16 22815........ 15
23055 16 23056 16 23079 16
23164 40 23292 36 23305... 16
23343... 24 23475........ 40 234S9 ...16
23533 80 23564........ 16 23589 24
23649 40 23676 16 23696 16
23827 40 23S59 24 23968 80
24033 120 24036 16 24076 16
24263 24 24313 16 243GS 24
24597 40 24785 40 24964...'. 16
24993 40 25075 40 25297 24
23406 40 25057 24 25731 16
25883 49 25941........ 16 26160 16
26523 40 26614 16 26654 16
26681 40 26708 ' 16 26730........ 16
26765 40 2C993.. 16 27099 ...' 80
27140 • 24 27148 16 27207 24
27289........ 24 27381 24 27377. ..-'40
273S0 ' 24 273S8.. ...... 16 27446..."?.... -40
27557 16 27825 16 23170... 24
28210 16 23359 16 28593 40
2SG30 40 28898 40 29000 '16
29042 16 29061 40 29197 16
29308 40 293S4 24 29429 80
29528 40 29617 16 29731........ 24
29837. 24 29S82 80 29965.. 80
30015 80 30051 40 30068 16
S0097. 40 30250 16 30291 16
S0301 40 30504 16 30519 16
30321 16 30526........ 16 30800 24
30885..^ 16 30904 16 30980 24
31096 16 31097 16 31122 24
31162 24 31210 400 31216 16
31292 16 31315 16 31364........ 24
31383 24 31497 16 31504 SO
31629 16 31746 24 31785 .24
31945 24 32263 16 32286 16
32287... 40 322!>2 24 32349 40
32360 40 32379 40 32409 SO
32455 24 32459 24 32471 16
32514 16 32598 16 32751 "24
32S39 40 32881 16 32S82 24
32SR7 24 32968 24 32993 16
33103 16133224 24 33239. 24
33453 80 33513 16 33729 16
33838 80 33850 24 33953 :.. 24
34094 16 34308 24 34566 120
34621 16 34623 16 34664 80
34S11 24 35009 24 33023 16
S5415 16 35484 40 35477 24
35302 16 35605. 16 33615 24
36037 16 3615S 24 36230 16
36245 16 36278 24 364S0 40
36534 41)36676.: 40
36885 16 36932 16 S7089 • 16
37099 16 37185 24 37292 .120
37208 40 37463 24 37588........? 1«
37K22 40 37630 24 37722...:....:. 36
37733 80 37795.. 16 37821 X lfi
S7S80 80 37884 16 37913 ..." 40
37953 24 38087 16138150 ...16
33224 24 S8456 24|3S519 3<S
38544 16 38563 16 S8625 ..."'24
38708 16 38777....*:. 16 39002 16
S9030 40 39127 16 39391 40
39421 24 39499..* 16 39587 '40
39818 80 40013 24 40021 .VC 16
40074 16 40291 16 40415 ..16
40423 80 40430 16 40512 16
40517 16 40644 * 40 40695 " J4
40722 16 40733 24 40750 18
40852 SO 40924 16 41253 16
41255 16 41232 24 41474 .80
41703 24 41721........ 16 41786 24
4180S 40 41832 24 41885 40
42070 400 42107 16 42197 80
42212 40 42277 24 42515 16
42548 40 42357 24 42626 16
42712 120 42744... 24 42755 120
42807 1642957 16 43203 24
43219 40 13232 24|43516 80
435W5 40 43711 40 43853.. 24
4S884 40 42885 24 44269 24
44287 24 44323........ 24 44798 16
44839 16 44841 40 44873 40
44983 24 45012 40 45079 16
45127 120 45188 16 45322 16
46385 16 45570 16 43601 16
45642 16 45782 16 45929 ¦ 40
46025 16 46118 16 40130 ..40
46370 24 46392 16 46548 24
46868 40 46977 36 47172 16
47241 24147467 at 47478 40
47485 16 47493 ..„ 120 47499 24
47585 16147703...... 80 47835 120
47869........ 16147927..... r.. 24 47931 16
48077 16 48093 16 48099 18
4S100 ' 24 48193........ 80 48216. 36
48268 80 4S281 ' 16 48359... 16
4S496 16 48556 16 48358 120
48599 24 4S647 24 4S734. '- 1R
48940........ 24 48953........ 16 49001 80
49095....:.:. 16 49109..: 16 49151. 15
49362.:...... 40 49372.."...... 16 49423....;... 84
49478 ¦ 16 49488 24 49505 40
4951!» .40 49541 24 49734 40
49826........ 40 49832 40 49837 10
49S86 120 49937,. 24 50034 : 40
50154:..-- 16 50164 24 50258 24
50312... . 24 50338 16 50396.... '....' 40
50471.;.;.... —80 50494.... 16 50580 40
50684 16 50741 24 50768........ 40
50881 16 50E82 16 51002 89
61239,. 1 - 80 51278........ 24 51331........ 24
61371 16 51507........ 24 51595....;... 24
516S1. 16 51678 40 51912........ 1«
51918 2000 52052 1SIE2106. 16
52168 80152195 40152366 24
62393 80 52467 40
52563 40152589 24 52602 24
52679 ' 40 52729 120152744 15
52979 . 16153224 : I«l53259 40
53304 ." 16153427 1C15356S 16
53689 16 53784 24153794 16
53941. ' 16154061.: 16I54337 24
54474 .... 16154772........ 120154884 .\. 24
55018 16155056 16 55114 80
55258 , 16IB5519 24155570 16
65766.... 16155851. JBI55924 16
56069 24156168.. 16156355 80
66630 40I56S79 1657023.. 24
57041........ 80157137:....... 24 57543........ 24
57613........ 24I57630........ 1«|57669 '40
57705.... 40(57727 40157859 40
57873 24
57905..'. .40158038 24158078 16
58171........ 40158458 16158307 16
r,sr,B3... 400I5S609... 400OI5S613.. ...... 16
58631........ 16IBS673.. . 16158732 16
5S736 40158820.... 24I5SS64 18
58923 24158988 24IF.9039 24
59053........ 80169090 16159167 80
59180. • 16159263........ 1SI59534 ' 16
59644........ 1<5)59S7O. ....... 16159934.. 80
60105 :.\. -40160112.. 80160173... ' ie
60231.. 24160278 1SI60298 80
60379.. 16I6046S... ¦.:..< 24160521 .... 24
606S9.. ...... ,"¦ 40161081.. ....... 45161106.. ...... 80
61232........ 80161280.'....... 24161403..:..... 16
61421........ 16161458........ .16161702........ Zi
No." : ' Prize. |No. ' Prize. No. Prize.
61757 16 61781 ...16 61867.. 24
61892.. 4062060 24 621S2 24
62260 24 62433........ . 24 62509 16
63062 80 63108 .16 63165 2 16
632S2 16 63300 40 63309 1G
63456...... ~T. 40 63574. 18 63063. ......4 24
63657..:.....- 16 63698 ..120 63720 16
63721.. / 16 63916 16 64147 1«
64501 4064631 « 16 64756 40
64811 24 64981 24 64984 16
65001 40 65006 40 65017 24
65022 40 65161 16 65204 16
65270.. 18 65445..'...... 15 65811........ 16
66053 24 66081..; 24 66344... .24
66534 ' 40 66542 24 66617........ 40
66S27 24 6S6S3 40 66764 40
67000 16 67062... 16 67162 21
671B1.. ...... 16 87332 16 67373 16
67378 40 67430 16 67630........ 16
67543 4067613 16 67644... 40
68043 40 68073 40 68182 40
68284........ 16 68315 16 63355 40
68401 16 68439 16 684S8 16
68601 36 08631... 16 63766 24
68861 40 89028 16 69131 16
69432. 16 69540 16 63546 '4#«
69656 16 63756 80 69834.. 24
69933 16 69964 ¦¦ 24 70019 16
70O77. 1670094 80 70264 80
70408 16 70478 40 70483 24
70585 40 70875 16 70897. ....... 24
70959 .... 16 70993 16 71041 40
71057 16 71061.. 16 71320 24
71337 .16 71345 16 71396 40
71402 16 71415 24 71431.. 24
71634 .... 16 71603........ 24 71599.'. IS
71620 80 71700 16 71786 S4
71778 16 r ¦>>
71875 ...1672045 1872184... 24
72317.. 40 72319 18 72321 80
72886 16 724E9 24 72517 16
72544... li 72548 8OC0 726S9 24
72701 80 72828 24 72923 16
72939 4072972 24 729S3 16
73082 24 73109,.; 24 73198 16
73533 40 7368J 24 7SC88 16
73766... f 16 73M8 24 78B59 24
78882........ ' 24 74031 24 74080 21
7<077 40 74148 80 71170... 16
74J08 38 74709.. 80 74717........ . 18
74727 10 74787 44 74833 40
74905 60 71683 80 75027 24
76097 24 7J177 84 7517S 18
76346........ 24 765G3 40 7M26 24
756EC. ...... 16 76712 18 767S5 24
75793 40 76831... 16 71892 80
76114... $079225 16 78276 SO
76840 18 76870. 40 7838* 24
77073....;... 24 77216 21 77440 24
77297 16 773S1 16 77889........ 80
77557 247756&... 40 77919 ..40
77742 4077S17 80 77902 19
78062 16 78124 18 78187 1«
78217 40 78307 18 78331 40
78f,03. ....... 16 78588 40 786S4 18
78857 16 78872 16 78K56 18
7S9C9 16 79028 -24 79034 40
79042 400 79083 40 79182 16
T9442 16 79458 16 79631 40
79693 4080112 40 80193 40
SC240 24S0292 18 80431 18
80442. 24 S0604 24 S0890 400
80751 16 80760 ' — 80 80870 10
80915 80 80988 : It 81042.; 24
81474 16 81679 40 81804 40
81633 16 81680 16)81734 24
81774 16 81942 80 82023 16
82067 80 82823 80 82415 24
82674 16 82723........ 24 827SS 19
83006 2483175 -1« 83198. 40
83243 16 S34M 10 83468 16
83805 24 83569 16 837S8 18
88842 16 83S45 16 84299 16
84211 24 84581....:... 40 84591.. 24
846C6 16 84563 16 34694....:... 40
84827 16 84815 24 84932 .40
8501a 24 85182 ...24 85326 24
85344 120 85525 S4 SE599 16
86008 16 SG044.. ...... 16 S6172....:... 80
8C220... 16 86299... :..V.-' 24 86450.. 40
S6521 24 86603 40 S6469 .... 40
86819...:.... 4086936 18863S5.. IS
87013 ':.. 16 87062 16 87071 16
87252... 16 87316 24 87363 24
87379 16 87434.... 40 87455 40
87701 18 87714 24 87761 18
87809 24S782S 80 87892. 16
88159........ 16 88182 24 88299.... 16
88624... 16 88645 24 88917........ 40
88924 4088992 16 89101 40
89117 40S9166 16 89363 120
89385 24 89444 16 89478 16
89504 4089530 24 89596........ 16
89692 120 89945 16 90365 80
S0456 24 90885 24 90887 16
91022 1691162 1C00 91192........ ,1S
91233 80 91246 24 91324 24
91328 24 91773 16 M821 24
91886., 16 91945 24 92253........ 24
92316 16 92572....'.... 24 92671 16
92792 16 92798 24 92812; 16
S2916... 24 93081........ 24 93094 24
93235 16 93246 120 93586 80
93S21 24 93878 40 93978 24
93979 80 94054 40 94193 16
94402 16 94407 16 94453 IS
94505 S094719 80 94S96 16
94930 24 94959 24 94975 24
95164... 24 95171 16 95194 16
95246 24 95513 16 93520 16
95557 16 - .
95E62 80 95606 16 95746 24
95748 24 95905 16|96044 16
96119 13 9ei56 24 96241 24
86318 30000 96466 80 96476 16
96649 24 96703 16 96775 24
96783 80 96980 24 97053 16
97112 40 97134 16197212 40
9739S 16 37518... J0I9760O....- .16
97764 80 98017 • 80198097... .' 40
98118 40 98129 24 98213........ 16
98285 24 9S361 24 98401 24
98418 16 98581 40 9S615. ..:.... 15
98635.... 16 986S9 ,40 98793 24
98879 16 98959 16199074 16,
99143 - 80 99164 40 99238 '.. 40
99340 16 99402 16 99447; 1«
99461 18 99464 24 99694.. 16
99848... ..... 18 9D867 24 99919 40 j
99985 16 j
Centra! California
t«a Jos* U tb« central city of California, »n4
Hotel VcadoxzM to Its most attractive ttaxvrm.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Alxnadea
Quicksilver Kin*. Alum, Roc* Park and count-
!••• otber attraction!, reached ov*r perfect
read*. Hotel tborou«lily modern and first class
ia erery revpect, with serrloe unsurpassed.
Rat*s rca*on»bU. For further Information call
*t "Tntreler" otfle*. M Montsomery street.
Bin Frmnciaeo, or address .
OEO. P. gKELL Mrr.. 8am Joyy. CaL
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
- 1% Hours' Rtde From Los Aajssles Cal.
GKKATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WIST.
. Third Annual -Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
cassent, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Klcfcth Season of ocr Famous Marine. Band.
Tbe Society Resort.
Tbe £portsman'a - Paradise.
HOTEL METKOPOLE and COTTWTRT CMIB
always open. Gelf and Tennis Tournament*.
IDEAL CJMP LXFE.
. For full Information, hotel rales, ualqua ar-
ransemcxcU for caaaptac asd illustrated pam-
pnlots, apply to ,
. , E. C. PECK. Afent.
10 Montgomery at-. 8an Francisco*
Or nxmrata co..
" , ta Soqta BprlDic St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
~^s*^T „
THE E3ASHTE RKSORT OT CENTRA1»
Calif orrla. «n Ifcuterty Bay. i Now open.
Free booklet. R. M. BRIARS, manager hotel:
FBAJJTC REAJTtgR. aapt. camp. Capltola. Cal.
IB • WW SPRINGS
Healthiest and beat climate, prettieat pUe»
In all California.; lota amusements; fine. walks:
all mineral waters. Rates. $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city ofilcs.
918 Larkin st.. B. F. DRUBT £ KHOEGER.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR 6PRCVGS.
Eulpirar Creek. Colusa Co.. Ca!.. M miles by
stage west of Williams; fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on tbe Coast; temperature 1U
dec Cures rhenmatlsm. dropsy, salt rheum.
sltla diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging, '
including baths. 110 a week. WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, bat not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Caliente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No stasis?: 4S miles via C. N. Ry. or
K. P. B. R. Immense swimmlnc tank. Splen-
did table. Come Sundays, try It. riound trltv
}1 10. Telephone: expensive Improvements; XI)
and $H. COOPER & SHEDDEN, Apia Ca-
llente.' Cal.
RUBICON PARK,
A dellffhtfol rummer resort on the shore of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new. Best beach for
bathisir on the lake. Flshla? and huntlnar.
Goats, flvbins- tackle and saddle hors»s at mod.
erata tire: $3 per day. or $10, $12 «nd n* p«p
week. Poetofflc*. telephone. >. L. FROST.
Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cal.
POINT. ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Greatly Improved. New cottases. large, hall,
pianos, billiard, pool and other games: every-
thing new; $7 Der week. Round trip by ctmr.
Point Arena. $7. Inquire at Peadle Bros.*. 34
Mission, and N. P. R. R- Co.. 14 Sansoms
St.. or nt DR. W. A.. McCORSIACK. Point
Arena, Cal.
. KLAMATH HOT RP*INCS.
Finest fishing, hunting and .health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. Oa Kl.imath River.
Hates. »2 and *2 SO per day; »13 to «14 per wee*.
Call Traveler OJflce. ?> Montgomery st.. cr
nddress TCDSOX BBOS.. Beswlck, Slsklyou
; County. Cal.
V/HITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
2*4 fours' ride from S. F. : 5 miles from Va!-
lejo. Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
rla eczema, kidney, liver, stomach disease*.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
nnd bathinir. Dancing Pavilion. $3 to $10 a wwk.
Special rates families, at. MADRTD. Vallejo. Cal.
SOLID COHORT HOME SSSfft. %
altitude. No foe: climate' delightful. Lar?<
orchard, .vegetable garden. Hot. cold baths.
Sprlnff water. Rates. $7 wee* tip. Stage m««M
train. 8CHTTLKR ft SCHKBKN. Napa. Cal.
CAMT* CUHHY
Makes It possible for you to scend a week or a
month In Tosemlte without exhausting all yon*
resources. Rates. $12 per week; $45 per month.
! Office. CO Market street. • •.„• "•--,
yOSEMITE/t
mso.oo
Or less will cover atl expenses et a 10 days*
trip to Tosemlte. Curry's' Office. 633 Market
street. 8. F.
YOSEMITEI!
* HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shore of Clear Lake; home cooklnr:
$7 per week and upward. F. and A. M.
SCALES. I-akeport. Lake County. CaL
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two miles from St. Helena. Board and room.
$7 a week: cnraplng privileges. SI SO per week.
Address "W. W. McCORMICK. St. Helena.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
BTAGE LINE.— Hopland-to, Barlett Springs.
Via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stage* connect
-with trains at Hoplaod. Leave ilopland at
12:30; arrive at Lakeoort at 3:30; arrlvs »;
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New {-horse 14-pts-
¦enger tourist wagons, mad* to order for thU
stage Use. with all the most modern Improve-
ment*. Passengers (or Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call tor tickets by Bartlett" Springs
Etage Line.
MILLER * HOWARD. Proprietors.
LAKE COUNTY. — New 13-passenger Tosemlt*
Etage. all outside seats. Leaves Callstov*
dally (Sundays ezcepted) at 11:30 a. m., direct
to Harbin. Selgler. Adams. Howard. Ander-
son, Astorgs and Glenbrook: buy round-trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Callatoga:
also to Mlddlatown. Loww Lake. Kelseyvllla
and Lakeport. TTM. SPD2RS. Proprietor.
THE LAUREL. Los Gatos— First-class family
boardlns-house; borne cooking; beautiful
surroundings; 5 minutes* walk to- town. Terms,
i $8 to $10 a week. Piano. References. MRS. J.
McTTKNZTE and MTSS A. HAMTLTOy. Prop*.
The Weekfy [all
61 per Year*
GEAPE-NITTS^^
Wise Picnickers
| ...Take... |
| GRAPE-NUTS
V, Ready Cooked, Delicious and |:
|; Most Nutritious. |;
FOR PICNICS.
In making up lunch for picnickers some
form of substantial food that cannot eas-
ily be injured In transit should be sup-
plied, and the most ideal article for that
purpose Is Grape-Nuts. This food comes
in a 15-cent package, is already thorough-
ly cooked and can b« used either dry or
with the addition of some milk op cream.
This Food 1b used by some epicures in
frying fish, for it adds & delightful flavor
and is naturally superior to the ordinary
crumbed crackers or cornmeal . for this
purpose. In addition: to the' 4 convenienc©
of Grape-Nuts Food, ltt; high, nutrttiv*
food value ehould sot be lost eight of.600 Monarch of Arizona '. 20
600 Oil City Petroleum 25
300 Reed Crude 38
600 Sterling 1 25
250 Twenty-eight 1 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
500 California Standard 25
1000 Four 35
50 Junction 10
50 Junction 09
1000 Monarch of Arizona 21
600 Monarch of Arizona 20
20O Monarch of Arizona 13
50 Monarch of Arizona «
300 Oil City Petroleum 2o
50 Peerless, b 60 5 2o
50 Peerless < M
900 Petroleum Center 03
1000 Petroleum Center «i
15 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 7 »0
5 San Joaquin Oil & Dev J 3.H
50 Sterling } r?
25 Twenty-eight 1 2a
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session.
Board — ,„
1000 Lion •-• i"
300 Occidental of West Virginia 49
1000 Petroleum Center 03
MINING STOCKS.
The following" were the sales In the San Fran
clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Best & Belcher IS 700 Ophlr 85
500 Caledonia 36 10O Ophir. s 10 60
1100 Con Cal 4 Va..l 95 300 Sierra Nevada. 17
200 Mexican 13 200 Sierra Nevada. 18
100O Mexican H 7C0 L'nlon Con 13
600 Ophir 67 150 Yellow Jacket.. 06
100 Ophir «6
Afternoon Session.
BOO Best & Belcher IS 100 Gould & Curry. 13
300 Challenge Con.. 21 200 Mexican 15
300 Chollar 07 400 Ophir 60
700 Con Cal & Va..l 95 300 Silver Hill 23
300 Confidence ..... 85
The following were the sales In the Padflo
Stock Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
209 Caledonia 33 300 Ophlr ««
200 Challenge Con.. 21 600 Ophir $5
650 C C & Va 2 CO 1700 Overman 18
150 C C & Va 1 93 400 Overman 15
1000 Gould & Curry. 11 200 Union Con 15
150 Hale & Nor 19 400 Tellow Jacket.. 07
500 Mexican 1* 1100 Tellow Jacket.. 06
100 Ophir 67
Afternoon Session.
ICO Best & Belcher 19 100 Confidence 85
ICO Best & Belcher 18 200 Gould & Curry. 13
300 Chollar 07 400 Ophlr «5
100 C C & Va 195 200 Ophir W
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
' WEDNESDAT, July 17 — t p. m.
Bld.Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 03|Justlce 01 03
Alta 04 OSIKentuck 01 03
Andes 03 04|Lady "Wash 01 —
Belcher 07 09IMexlcan 14 15
Best & Belcher IS 19 Occidental 03 04
Bullion — 03 Ophir 66 67
Caledonia 31 33 Overman 14 15
Challenge Con.. 22 24 Potosl 05 08
Chollar 06 08 Savage 0« 07
Confidence 83 — Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 93 2 00 Seg Belcher.... — 02
Con Imperial... — 02 f Sierra Nevada. 18 17
Con New York. 01 02! Silver Hill 23 30
Crown Point... 07 08iSt Louis 06 —
Eureka Con 06 — I Standard —3 63
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 05 07
Gould & Curry. 13 13 Union Con 14 16
Hale & Nor.... 20 21 Utah 01 03
Julia T..... — 02 Tellow Jacket- 05 0«
KEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Clark Blethen to T. B. McFarland, lot on
N line of "Washington street, 159 W from Polk.
W 42 by N 127:8%; $11,500.
W. F. Whlttler to Kate R Somers, lot on N
line of Union street. 74.41 E from Franklin. E
50 by N 117.329; $10.
Frances Van Vleet and Anna H. Gill to Sam
uel L. Kahn, undivided two-thirds of lot on NJ3
corner of?Buchanan street and Oliva avenue, N
30 by E 87:6; $10. ,
Mary J. Safford to same, undivided one-third
Tj. H. "and Lizzie Sly to Thomas Butler, lot
on NW corner of Filbert and Broderick streets,
N 50 by W 108:2: $10.
James E. Coomes to Elizabeth R. Coomes, lot
on W line of Baker street. 37:6 S from Golden
Gate avenue. S 25 by W 96:10%: gift.
Charles M. Mason to Belle Mason, lot on E
line of Lyon street. 60 S from Golden Gate ave
nue, S 25 by E 100; eift.
• Thomas W., Katherine A.. Lny A. and Chris
topher C. Rivera to Marie L. de Labrousse. lot
on SE corner of Clipper and Sanchez streets.
S 28 by E 80; $10.
George Avancino to James Caprlle. lot on W
line of Powell street, 70 N from Green, N 20
by W 77:6: $10.
George H. Howard to William Lambert, lot on
NW line of Natoma, street, 432:6 SW from Sec
ond. SW 60 by NW 70; $5.
William H. and Joseph H. P. Howard, Julia
D. Bey lard and Agnes Hayne to same, game; $5.
Charles M. Mason to Belle Mason, lot onNE
line of Seventh street. 105 NW from Folsom.
NW 50 by NE 80: gift.
B. W. Foster to Southern Pacific Company,
lot on E line of Pennsylvania avenue. 200 Jf
from Twenty-third (Nevada) street. N 233, E
172. SE 32. S 220:10. W 200; also lot on E line
of Gould street. 200 S from Paul avenue. S
25 by E 100, block 2, Garden Tract Homestead:
also lot 25, block 2. Garden Tract Homestead:
also lots 31 and 32. block H. Silver Terrace: also
lots 26 and 27. block 2, Garden Tract Home
stead; $1.
T. C. Van Ness to John Trounson, lot on W
line of Minnesota street, 100 S of Nineteenth
(Butte). S 100 by W 100; $3300.
John Trounson to A. H. Payson (trustee),
same; $10.
Teresa Wenslnger to A. H. Payson <trustee>.
lot on NW line of Tulare and Illinois streets.
N 200 by W 2C0: $10.
Manellne L.. Louise E. and Helene A. Dolet
to A. H. Payson (trustee), lot on E line of Ken
tucky street. 125 S of Marin. S 73 by E.10O; $10.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Frandsco>
(religious corporation sole) to A. H. Payson
(trustee), lot on SE line of Marin and Ken
tucky streets. E 2C0. S 200, W 100. N 73, W 100.
N 125; $10. • •
Builders' Contracts.
Riadon Iron and Locomotive Works (owners)
with James A. McMahon and William H.
Healy (contractors), engineer H. C. Holmes-
All work for construction of a .wharf ICOxfiO
on E part of Potrero Nuevo block 506 for $23sO
and a wharf 300x60 on Potrero Nuevo block
6C6 for $7043: $2350.
Nellie G. BacRus (owner) with Duffey Bros,
(contractors), supervision of H. L. Smith —
Plumbing, gasflttlng and sewering for a two
flat frame building on lot on W line of Jones
street, 105 N of California, W 105 by N 32:8;
$1«6.
Same owner with Charles Dunlop (contrac
tor), supervision of same— Inside lathlnsr and
plastering and all outside cement, plastering
and molding for same on same: $1430.
Mrs. Mary Mocker (owner) with C. P. Moore
(contractor), architects McDougall Bros.— All
work for alterations and additions to make a
two-story frame building with brick founda
tion into a two tenement building on lot on
S line of Golden Gate avenue, 222 W of Frank
lin. W 28 by S' 120. W A 136; $5600.
William Ede Company (a corporation) (own
ers), wtth W. H. Wlckersham (contractor*
architect Albert Fan- — AH work for a two-storv
frame building structure and certain altera
tions to adjoining building (stores and dwell
ings) on lot on NW corner nf Sixteenth and
Valencia streets, N 89, W- 58. N 11 W 41 S
100. E 102: $3050. . ;»,..
Emelie M. Chabot (owner) wtth James W
Smith (contractor), architects Shea & Shea-
All work for a two-story and basement brick
building on lot on SW corner of Howard and
Hawthorne streets: $10,942.
Paul Bancroft (owner) wtth J. G. Grannls ft
Co. (contractors), architect Clinton Day—Heat
ing system for building on lot on SE corner
£ f "£ u ?,« Ne^<£ venue * nd Sutt « street. 8 83:10
1 by E 109; $7187.
for light amber; water white extracted. 6®5%c:
light amber extracted, 4®4%c; dark. 3%c.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues firm at previous prices.
: CURED MEATS-^-Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium, 13%c for light, 14%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%@14c: California Hams.
13c; Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50;
Family $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra
clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 13%@143
P6 LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half -barrels, pure.
10%c; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins U%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half -barrels. 9%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
9c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, l6%@llc; medium, 9@10c; light, 8%@9c:
Cow Hides. 8%@9%c for heavy and 8%@9c for
light; Stags, 6%c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal.
9%O10c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, lb%c;
Culls 14c; Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf, l.@18c;
Culls' and Brands, 14@15c; Sheepskins, shear
lings. l5@30c each; short Wool, 30@o0c each;
medium, 60@75c: long Wool, 80c@$l each; Horse
Hides salt, $2 50@2 75 for large and $2@2 2j
for medium, $1 50@l 75 for small and oOc for
Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large $1 oO
for. medium: $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins^ — Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large ana
smooth, 60c; medium, 35c,
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; cnolce,
5c; No. 2, 3%@4c; greaue. 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1991— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14@15%c; do, Lambs*, lie per lb;
Northern, free, 12@13c: defective. 9@llc; Mid
dle County, free. 10@llc; do. defective. 8@10c;
Southern, 12 months, 8@9c; Southern, free. 7
months, 7@10c; do, defective, 7 months, 7@8c:
Oregon Valley, fine, 14@15c; do, medium and
coarse, ll@13c; Oregon. Eastern, choice, ll®13c;
do. fair to good. 9@llc; Nevada, 10®ll%c ;
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
Sah Francisco Meat Market.
There Is no further change to report.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@6c per lb for
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@8c; Ewes, 7@7%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8%@9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6%@
6%c; over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders. : sows. 20 per
cent off, boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7%@9%C.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 8%@8%c;
local make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
S2@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c; Fruit Bags, 5%@
6c for cotton and 8%@8%c for Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay,
$5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend. $9;
Cumberland, J12 50 in bulk and S13 75 In sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Cannel. $10
per ton: Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 60 per ton. according to brand.
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases, No. 1,
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
94c; raw, 92c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases, 85c; China
Nut. 53® 63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, 65c; cases. 70c; Sperm, pure. 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white, 3T%@42%c per gallon; Fish
Oil. in barrels, 35c: cases, 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
12%c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 18%c; Astral. 18%c;
Star, 18%c: Extra Star. 22%c: Elaine. 23%c;
Eocene. 20%c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In
bulk, 15c; In cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c;
In cases. 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c;
In cases, 26c. .
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon in cases and
52c in drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, crushed and fine crushed, 5.75c;
Powdered, 6.35c; Candy Granulated. 5.35c;
Dry Granulated. 5.25c; Confectioners' A,
5.25c: Fruit Granulated. $5.25c: Beet Gran
lated, 5.15c; Magnolia A. 4.85c; Extra C,
4.75c; Golden C. 4.65c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more: 50-lb bags,
lCc more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its eaulvalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6c; boxes, 6.23o per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, JULY 17.
Flour, qr sks 20,493 Lime, bbls 182
Wheat, ctls 3,950 Pelts, No 1.749
Barley, ctls 11.060 Hides, No 311
Oats, ctls 4;990 Wine, gals 13.000
Rye, ctls 715 Leather, rolls 118
Tallow, ctls 281 Quicksilver, flska 156
Sugar, ctls 1,150 Hay, tons 610
Beana, sks 9 Straw, tons 5
Potatoes, sks..:.. 4.8S0 Wool, bales i 68
Bran sks 1,005 Shorts, sks 355
Onions, sks 670 Broomcorn. bdls.. 60
Middlings, sks... 8S5
Business was fair on the morning session of
the Bond Exchange, with marked firmness In
the light stocks. Gas & Electric advancing to
$47 62% and Pacific Gas to $46 50. There was a
sat? of German bank stock at $1880. The oil'
stocks were featureless.
There was nothing new In the afternoon.
STOCTK ANT> BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, July 17—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS."
Bld.Ask. I Bld.Ask.
4squar coup..ll2%113% 4s qr c (new).138 139
4s quar reg 112%113%l3s «iuar coup.. 109 109%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5s.lO5% — Oceanic SS 6s.l01%" —
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus S 6s. 127 —
C C Water 53.107% — Pac G Imp 4a. — 100
Ed L & P 6s.l28%133% Pk & C H 63.. 106 —
Fer & C R 6s.U7% — Pk & O R 6s.U7 —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s. 120 —
H C & S 5%s.lO6% — Sac E G R 5s. — —
Do 5s — 102% S F & SJV 5s. 12% —
Los Ang R 53.115 ¦ — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6s. — 102 S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6S.100 — (1909) 111% —
Do gntd 58.103 — (1910) 112%112%
L A & Pac 5s.l00%102% S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s.lO2% — (1905). Ser A. — 110%
Markt-st C 6s.l25% — (1905), Ser B.109% —
Do 1 c m 5s.l23% — (1906) U2%114
Nev C N G 7s.lO5 114 (1912) 120% —
Nor R Cal 6s.lll% — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 119 — cp gntd 5s... 107 —
Nor Pac C 6s. 100% — S P Br Cal 68.138 —
Do 5s ...105% — S V Water 6s.ll3% —
Nor R Cal 5s. 110 113 Do 4s 103% 103%
Oak Gas 5s...U2'4 — Do 4s 3d m..l01% —
Do Trans 6s.H6%118 Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do Water 5s. 102 103
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 79% SO, [Spring Valley. 88 86%
Marin County. 50—1 •
; GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 4 — Pacific Light.. 46 43
Equitable 4% 5 Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4% 5% S F G & E 46% 47%
Oakland 50% 51 San Francisco. 4% 4U
Pac Gas Imp.. 45% 46% Stktn G & E.. g —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. — 247 I
BANKS.
Anslo-Cal ...:. 77% — L & P A 150 160
California .... — 408 Mer Ex (Hq).. 16 _
Cal Safe Dep..lO7% — S F National.. 127% —
First Natlonal.303 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1870 1925 Sav & Loan.. —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust. .1600
San Francisco 51S 520
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 134 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 40 Presidio 33 —
Market 73 —
POWDER.
Giant 75 77 (Vigorlt 3 3%
SUGAR.
Hana — 7 Kllauea 17 —
Hawaiian . — El Makawell 34% 33
Honokaa ...... 17% 17% Onomea 21% —
Hutchinson ... 17H — Paauhau 22% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack..l30%131% Oceanic S Co.. — — '
Cal Fruit Can. 98 99 Pac Aux P A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 99%101 Pac C Borax.. 165 —
Merchnts' Ex ..110 — Par Paint 18 • —
) ' Morning Session.
Board—
10 California Fruit Canners g? oo
. 10O Equitable Gas 4 75
2 German Savings & Loan 1880 00
10 Hutchinson S P Co 17 62V4
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 6s in 00
B0 Pacific Gas Improvement 4$ 50
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 50
70 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 75
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 00
65 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 25
15 S F Gas & Electric Co. 9 90 47 50 i.
10 S F Gas & Electric Co.... 47 62%
$1000 S F & S J V Bonds, cash 120 50
5 Spring Valley Water 85 75
Afternoon Session.
•Board—
$3000 Bay Counties Power Co Ss 103 50
10 California Fruit Canners 98 00
100 Honokaa Sugar Co 18 00
175 Honokaa Sugar Co ; 17 87U
60 Honokaa Sugar Co 17 75'
185 Hutchinson S P Co 17 50
25 Hutchinson S P Co 17 50
20 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 17 25,
50 Pacific Gas Improvement 46 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 50
130 S F Gas & Electric Co.. 4700
20 Spring Valley Water S6 00
PRODUCERS' OIL - EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
300 California Standard ....;........ 25
Do prefd./ SS% Osceola 91
General Electric. ..250 Parrot 62U
Mexican Central... 24U Quincy 175
%*F £*? & Coke -- 6% Santa Fe Copper... 6%
° d Colony 208 Tamarack 346
Old Dominion 30% Utah Mining 29%
£ u p*>er 19 WInona 2%
Lnon Pacific 102 Wolverines ........ 69
Union Land 3
London Market.
LONDON. July 17.— Anaconda, 8%; Atchison,
75%; do prefd. 97%; Canadian Pacific, 102%;
Northern Pacific prefd, 9S; Southern Pacific,
52%; Union Pacific, 99%; do prefd, 88%; D. & R
G., 41%; do prefd, 96. Bar silver, steady, 26%d
per ounce. Money. 2®2% per cent. . .. .
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. July 17.— Money on call steady
at 2%@3% per cent; last loan and ruling rate.
3% per cent: prime mercantile' paper,' 4@4%
per cent; sterling exchange firmer, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87%@4 87% for
demand and $4 84%@4 84% for sixty days;
posted rates, $4 85%@4 8S; commercial' bills,
$4 83%@4 84; bar silver, 58%c; Mexican dollars,
46»4c; Government bonds, strong; State bonds,
steady; railroad bonds, strong.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, July 17.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the' $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $171,649,912;. gold, $100,211,131.
NEW YORK, July 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
14,271 barrels; exports, 12,424 barrels. Quiet but
a trifle more 6teadily , held. Winter straights,
$3 30@3 50.
WHEAT—Receipts, 57,850 bushels; exports,
41,800 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 76%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 74%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 75%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 83%c f. o. b. afloat. Options had
a firm opening on Northwest damage reports
and higher cables. They sold off under general
realizing at midday, but eventually turned firm
again on good buying for French account,
strong Paris cables and covering, closed firm
at %@lc net advance. July, 73 l-16@74%c;
closed, 74%c; September, 72 l-16@73%c; closed,
73%c; October, 73 l-16@73%c; closed, 75%c; De
cember, 74%@75 7-16c; closed, 75%c. >
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES-Qulet.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull: No. 7 invoice, 5%e;
mild, market quiet; Cordova, 8%@12%c. Fu
tures closed net unchanged to 5 points lower,
with the tone steady. Total sales, 17,000 bags,
including: July, 4.85c; September, 4.90@4.95c;
October and November, 5.00c; December, 5.15c.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 9-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3-16c; molasses sugar,
3 5-16c. Refined, unsettled; No. 6, 4.S5c; No. 7,
4.75c; No. 8, 4.65c; No. 9, 4.60c; No. 10 4.55c;
No. 11. 4.50c; No. 12, 4.50c; No. 13, 4.40c; No.
14, 4.40c; Standard A, 5.20c; confectioners' A,
5.25c; mold A, 5.80c; cut loaf, 5.95c; crushed,
6.95c; powdered, 5.55c; granulated, 5.45c; cubes.
5.70c. ' - '
BUTTER— Receipts, 10,632 packages. Firm;
State dairy. 14@14%c: creamery. 15@19%c; fac
tory, 13@15%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 8200 packages. Steady;
Western, candled, 13@15c; Western, uncandled,
8@12%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, July 17.— In dried fruits trade
was quiet with special new features lacking.
Evaporated apples. State, common to good, 3%
<E?5c; prime. 5%@5%c; choice. 6@6%c; fancy, 6%
@7c.
California dried fruits continued quiet and
steady. Prunes, 2%@3%c per pound.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8®12c; Moorpark, 7%@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled. ll@12c; unpeeled. 6@10c.
CHICAGO, July 17.— A sharp advance at
Liverpool stimulated a local demand for wheat
at the opening of the market and September
sold from 6SVi<?6S%c, %@%c to Ts@lc over yes
terday's close. Reports of scattered local show
ers, however, soon started selling. Northwest
ern traders also sold and reported Improved
conditions in the spring wheat country. A de
cline to 67%@67%c ensued in consequence, al
though the market was not a weak one. It
was, however, a nervous one and a covering
movement followed reports of damage to the
French crop. September rallying to 68%c. An
other decline to 67%@6"%c followed, but reports
of 65 loads taken for export, mostly for the
French account, It was said, turned the tide
again and the market closed firm, September
%<@%c higher at 6S%c.
Reports from the Southwest regarding corn
¦were generally sensationally bad and the
weather bureau report, while noting local show
ers in various sections, came far from showing
adequate relief. The market opened strong,
but the feeling was nervous. September closed
%c higher at 50%c.
Oats were fairly active and firm. -September
closed firm, %c higher at 31%c.
The speculative interest in provisions was
small, but reports of improved export sales, to
gether with fair support from local packers,
caused an advance In prices despite the liberal
run of hogs. Fluctuations were narrow. Sep
tember pork closed 10c, lard 2%c and ribs 5c
higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 67 67 66^4 87
September ..-. 68% 68% 67% 6814
December 70% 70% 69%, 70
Corn No. 2—
July 49% 49% 49 49
September 51 61% 60 50%
December 52 62>/ 4 61 61%
Oats No. 2—
July 30% 30% 30% 30%
September 31% 32 31% .31%
May 35 35% 34% 35
Mess Park, per bbl—
September 14 07% 14 22% 14 07% 14 20
January 14 25 14 37% 14 25 14 37%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September 8 52% 8 60 8 52% 8 57%
October 8 50 8 57% 8 50 8 57%
January 8 27% 8 35 8 27y 2 S 32Va
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 7 85 7 90 7 82% 7 90
October 7 82% 7 90 7 82% 7 90
January 7 47% 7 52% 7 47% 7 62%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 3 Epring wheat, 63@65c; No. 2 red,
essiifffigo; No. 2 ccrn. 49%c; No. 2 yellow, 49%c;
No. 2 oats. 33@33%c; No. 3 white. 34%@35%cr
No. 2 rye, 54%c; No. 1 flaxseed, $188; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 88; prime timothy seed, $5;
mess pork, per bbl.' $14 05@14 10; lard, per 100
lbs, $8 52%Cf? 55: !-licrt ribs sides (loose), $7 75@
7 95; dry salted shoulders (boxed),' 7%©7%c;
short clear sides (boxed), J8 30@8 40; whisky,
basis of high wines, $127; clover, conirart
grade, $9 50. '
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bbls 49.000 . 31,000
¦Wheat bu 437,000 ' 447.000
Corn, bu 530,000 ' 117,000
Oats, bu 239,000 SS.OnO
Rye. bu *. 10,000 10,000
Barley, bu 1.000 .......
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 14@>19c; dairies,
13@16c: cheese, strong, 9M,@10%c; eggs, steady,
io<ai:%c.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . Sept. Dec,
Opening 6 6% 5 7%
Closing • 5 6% 6 7%
PARIS.
Wheat— I , July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 60 21 90
CloBing • 20 75 21 90
Openirig •••"if*j HIJJ'j
Closing ,__^^. 26 40 27 70 -
, Chicago Livestock.
CHICAGO. July 17.— CATTLE— Receipts, 16,
550, Including 1525 Texans. Steady to strong;
good to prime steers, $5 25@6 10; poor to
medium. • $3 70(j?5; ptockers and feeders, $2@4 40;
cows and heifers, J2 75@4 90; canners,.Jl 50@2 25;
bulls. $2@4 35; calves, $3 75@6 50; Texas steers,
$3 75<3'4 40. . . . ' ;-l '
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 33,000; to-morrow, 28,-
CCO; left over. 7100. Slow and 10c lower. Mixed
and butchers, $5 60@>6; good to choice heavy.
$5 65@6 07}4; rough heavy, $5 60®5 60; light,
$5 50@5 90; bulk of sales, $5 75@5 90. ':'.-.
SHEEP— Receipts, 23,000; ' Sheep steady to
shade lower; lambs, dull and around 25c lower;
good to choice wethers. J3 90@4 40; Western
sheep, J3 50@4; yearlings, $4@4 75; native lambs,
$3 60@5; Western lambs, $5, 50@5.
.. ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, July 17.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1380; market. 10@20c higher; natives, - $4 15®
6 90; cows and heifers, $lig>4 85; bulls and stags,,
$2 25@"4 90; 'Btockers and feeders, $2 25@4 40;
veals, $2(g5 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 11, 700; generally 10c lower;
yielded an additional large amount to the
money market. New York exchange at Chi
cago fell rather significantly and abruptly from
25 cents premium to 10 cents discount aa a re
sult of the easier money conditions In New
York. Stocks closed strong and active near
the top.
The bond market became active and strong
late in the day in sympathy with stocks. Total
sales, ?2.1C0.OO0. United States refunding 2s
and the old 4s and new 4s advanced % per
cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
72.&00 Atchison 77%
22,500 Atchison prefd 97^
4,600 Baltimore & Ohio 98
Baltimore & Ohio prefd 91
2,600 Canadian Pacific 102^4
£.00 Canada Southern 67^i
8,100 Chesapeake & Ohio 44
4,200 Chicago & Alton 38%
400 Chicago & Alton prefd 76%
Chicago, Burlington & Quincy, t r..l94%,.
3.2U0 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 84
100 Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd.... 69tf
2W Chicago & Eastern Illinois..... 129?i
5,200 Chicago & Great Western 22%
Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 81
COO Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 47
1,000 Chicago & Northwestern 196^4
6,600 Chicaco, Rock Island & Pacific.... 147%
LCOO Chicago Terminal &Txans 20%
l.i-OO Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd.. 39
1,600 C C C & St Louis 89%
2,200 Colorado Southern 13%
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 49
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 21
2.200 Delaware & Hudson 155%
2,100 Delaware, Lackawanna & Western.225
200 Denver & Rio Grande 41%
3,600 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 92
48.D00 Erie 3SVi
10.700 Erie 1st prefd 68
6.S00 Erie 2d prefd 51%
.'00 Great Northern prefd 178
Hocking Valley 60
LOOO Hocking Valley prefd 74%
7,100 Illinois Central 150%
£00 Iowa Central 36%
600 Iowa Central prefd -. 75
1.100 Lake Erie & Western 58
200 Lake Erie & Western prefd 117
13,700 Louisville & Nashville 105%
10,100 Manhattan Elevated 119%
.3.900 Metropolitan Street Railway 169%
•3.600 Mexican Central 23%
1,200 Mexican National 9%
1,100 Minneapolis & St Louis 108
21,700 Missouri Pacific 106%
1.600 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 27H
3,200 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 65%
100 Xew Jersey Central 157
3,600 New York Central 152%
3.100 Norfolk & Western 48%
Norfolk & Western prefd.. 88
2.J00 Northern Pacific 118
1.400 Northern Pacific prefd 96%
8,200 Ontario & Western 32%
21.S00 Pennsylvania 145%
P C C & St L 79
7,900 Reading 40*4,
6.4OO Reading 1st prefd 76%
4.100 Reading 2d prefd 52
700 St Louis & San Francisco «%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 78
2.:00 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 69%
2.r,00 St Louis Southwestern 30%
4,200 St Louis Southwestern prefd 62%
85,500 St Paul 163VA
600 St Paul prefd lgo'
91,fio0 Southern Pacific 55%
21,500 Southern Railway 30
3."00 Southern Railway prefd , 84%
C.1O0 Texas & Pacific 40%
4C0 Toledo, St Louis & Western 20
Toledo, St Louis & Western prefd... 34%
154,700 Union Pacific 102%
1.500 Union Pacific prefd 89"^
1.700 Wabash 20%
4,200 Wabash prefd 38%
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 18
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d pfd.... 29
2,100 Wisconsin Central 21%
1,000 Wisconsin Central prefd 43
Express Companies —
Adams 170
American 1R8
United States .../ 88
Wells Fargo •- 140
Miscellaneous —
19,200 Amalgamated Copper 114% !
'2,900 American Car & Foundry 29^
600 American Car & Foundry prefd.... 83%
300 American Linseed Oil 25
200 American Linseed Oil prefd 62
4,200 American Smelting & Refining 54
800 American Smelting & Refining pfd.101%
3,500 American Tobacco 120
1.P00 Anaconda Mining Co 43%
12,100 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 78
1,000 Colorado Fuel & Iron 98
2,600 Consolidated Gas ' 218%
200 Continental Tobacco 64%
S00 Continental Tobacco prefd 117
1,200 General Electric 252
1.700 Glucose Sugar 54%
300 Hocking Coal 19Vj
500 International Paper 20%
200 International Paper prefd 76%
L000 International Power 93
100 Laclede Gas 95
200 National Biscuit 41%
100 National Lead 20
300 National Salt 44
200 National Salt prefd 77
3,200 North American .*. 102
Pacific Coast 60
Pacific Mall 37
2.<=00 People's Gas 115V4
700 Pressed Steel Car 41%
200 Pressed Steel Car nrefd 84
Pullman Palace Car 206
2.500 Republic Steel ..J 19%
, 200' Republic Steel prefd 74
46,700 Sugar 141%
34,800 Tennessee Coal & Iron 6076
5W Union Tag & Paper Company 15%
1,200 Union Bag &- Paper Co prefd 70%
United States Leather 12%
400 .United States Leather prefd 78
United States Rubber 19
102.1M United States Rubber prefd 57%
49.100 United States Steel 40^
6.400 United States Steel prefd R8H
Western Union ' .91%
1.W1.500 Shares Fold.
CLOSING. BONDS.
TJ S ref 2s res: 107%!N Y Cent Ists .104%
Do coup 10.*% N J-Cent sen 5s. .129%
Do 3s reg 108% Northern Pac 3s... 72%
Do 2s coup.. 1C9 Do 4S 103%
Do new 4s reg...l3RU N Y C & St L 4s.. 107%
Do new 4a coup. 138% N & W con 4s 103
Do old 4s reg 113 Or Nav Ists 107
Do old 4s coup. ..113 Do 4s 102%
Do 5s reis 107% Or Short L 6s 130
Do 6s coup 109 Do con 5a 116%
Dls of Col 3.65b. ...128 Reading Gen 4s 95%
Atchison gen 4s 103% ROW Ists 101%
Do adj 4s 97% St L & I M con 5s. 107
Canada Sou 2ds...lO9% S L & S F gen 6s.. 133%
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO7% St Paul con 173
Do 5s 119 St P C & P Ists. ..120
C & N con 7s. .....138% Do 5s 116%
Do S F Deb 5s.. 122% Southern Pac 4s... 92
Chic Term 4s 43 Southern Ry Es..,.116%
Colorado Sou 4s:... 88% Stand R & T 6s.... 62
D & R G 4s; 101 Tex * Pac Ists.... 118%
Erie Gen 4s... 87 Do 2ds 103
F W & D C Ists. .104 Union Pac 4s 105
Gen Elec Es ;200 'U'abash lets ..118%
Iowa Cent l?ts....'.115Vi Do 2ds ..'.113%
L & N Uni 4s 102 West Shore 4s...;..lJ2
M K & T 2ds 84 Wis Cent Ists..... 87%
Do 4s.... 97% Va Centuries 96%
¦-MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con.. .'.. 20 Little Chief... u
Alice 40 Ontario ...9 25
Breece 1.45 Ophir 60
Brunswick Con 12 Phoenix io
Comstock Tunnel... OC Potosl 05
Con Cal & Va..:.... 19 Savage 05
, Deadwood Terra. 1 ...' 50 Sierra Nevada 13
Horn Silver 1 35 Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 45
Leadville Con '..05%, .. * .. ;,..-. .
BOSTON STOCKS - AND BONDS.
Money— : West End.......... 95
Call loans 4®5 . Westinghse Elec... 66%
Time loans ..4@4%. Bonds
Stocks — " Atchison- 4s 102
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 77% N E Gas & C 5s... 66U
Do prefd..... 97% .Mining Shares-
American Sugar...l41% Adventure'.....:... 24%
Amer Telephone... 157 \ Blngham. ....{..... 22%
Boston & Albany. .251 Amalg Copper...'-.;. 114%
Boston Elevated... 189%l Atlantic ............ 37
Boston & Maine. ..193% Calumet &' Hecla.785
Dominion Coal 38% Centennial 28 '
Do prefd..... 114% Franklin 17
US Steel........... 40% Humboldt 25 '
pige. 10@15c off; light and light mixed, Jo 40®
5 72%: medium -and heavy, $5 55@5 90; pigs,
J3 7S(@'4 75; bulk, J5 50@5 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2100; steady to 10c lower;
lambs mostly 25c off; top springs, $5. . *
' Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, July 17.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: .
The wool market is stronger and more active.
The increased business has been very unevenly
distributed, however, a half-dozen houses hav
ing transacted the bulk of the business. The
demand has -been chiefly for Territories and
Oregon wools, although an interest has been
manifested in fleeces, all of which have been
moved at full prices. The trend of the market
on fine stocks is toward a higher level and a
better inquiry is noted for medium etock. Some
dealers report that it is impossible to get
higher prices, but on fine wools better prices
certainly have been obtained than could have
been secured two or three weeks ago. From
the lowest point touched in the past year there
has been a recovery from 2c ' to 4c per scoured
pound, or say 5 to 10 per cent. The sales for
the week in Boston amounted to 6,780,000 pounds
domestic and 140,000 foreign, making a total of
6.920.0CO pounds, against a totalof 3.SS2.700 for
the previous week, and a total of 1,663,000
pounds for the corresponding week last year.
The receipts of wool in Boston this week
amount to 29,241 bales, against 14,843 last week
and 17,245 last year.
Shipments of wool for the week ending July
15 aggregate 5,662.799 pounds. This shows an
Increase of 1,939,688 pounds over the shipments
of 3,723,021 pounds for the previous week. Since
January 1 the shipments amount to 131,725,18o
pounds. - *¦
CHICAGO, July 17.— Porter Bros. Company
sales California fruit: Apricots— Royal, $1 10.
Plums— Imperials, $1 40; Wickson, $1 85@2 10;
Ogon, $1 50; Chalcot, $1 80; Satsuma, .$1 50;
Comedy, $1 15; Burbank, $1 50<g>l 70. Peaches—
Crawfords, $1 26@1 50; Foster, 1l 40@l 65. Pears
—Bartletts, $2 50@2 65. Nectarines— $1 50.
Grapes— Fontainbleau, $2 15.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Peaches— Early
Crawfords, $1 B0@l 60 box. Pears— Bartletts.
$2 60@3. Plums— Kelsey • Japan, averaged $2 80
single crates. Prunes— Tragedy. $1 75@1 95 sin
gle crates. Three cars fruit sold to-day.
NEW YORK, July 17.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Pears— Bartlettt, $1 60@
2 50 box. Peaches— Fosters, $1 30@l 60 box. Red
Nectarines— Averaged $1 60 single crates.
Plums— Kelsey Japans, $1 45@2 25 "single crates.
Prunes— Tragedy, $1 50@2 30 single crates. Ap
ples—Alexanders averaged $2 50 per box; Red
Astrachan averaged $1 75.
Porter Bros, sales: Pears— Bartletts, $2 55®
2 95. Peaches— Fosters; $1@1 65; Decker, $1 40®
1 70; Crawfords, $1 25@1 45; St. John, $1 50; Mc-
Kevitt 70c. Plums— Burbank, $1 20@2 35; Yel
low Egg, $1 85; Wickson, $1 55@2 36; Satsuma,
$1 20; Splendor, $1 80; Comedy, $1 50@l 85; Kim
ball $2 20. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 65@2 20; Ger
man *1 80®2 25. Grapes— Fontainbleau, $1 80.
PITTSBURG, July 17.-^The Earl Fruit Com
pany's eales of California fruit at auction
realized the following prices to-day: Pears—
Bartletts, half boxes, $1 30@l 70, average $1 60;
Clapp's Favorite, boxes, average $2 25. Peaches
—Early Crawforda, boxes, $1 25@1 60, average
$1 SI; Deckers, boxes, average $1 63; Fosters,
boxes, $1 S0@l 50, average $134; Imperials,
boxes, $1 40@l 60, average $1 54. Red Nectar
ines—Single crates. $1 35, average. Plums-
Abundance, average Jl 50, single crates; Bur
banks, single crates, $1 75@1 90, average $1 80;
Queckenbacs, single crates, average $190;
Wieksons. single crates, $1 60@2, average $1 92.
Prunes— Gros. sinele crates, average $1 80;
Tragedy, sinrle crates. $1 E0ig'2 05. average
Jl 62'; Germans, single crates, average Jl 50.
Two cars sold to-day. Favorable weather.
BOSTON, July 17.— The sales of the Earl
Fruit Company of California fruit at Ruction
to-day relaized the following prices: • Peaches-
Early " Crawforde, boxes. $1 70®2 15. average
$2 03; Hole's Early, ¦ boxes, $1 15@1 70, average
$lf,3; St. Johns, boxes. $1 80@l 95, average
$1 87: Pears— Bartletts, boxes, $2 50®2 85. av
erage $2 72. Plums— Bradshaw, single crates,
SI 'aSfl 45, average • Jl 40; Burbanks, single
crates, $1 25@1 70, average Jl 45; Ogons, sin
gle crates, 65c@?l 55, average $1 46 ;• Satsuma,
single crates, average $1 65. Prunes— Tragedy,
single ' crates, $1 60m 85. - average $164. Four
cars sold to-day. Weather hot. • ¦
¦i New York Metal Market.
NEW - TORK, July 15. — The metal markets
at home and abroad were quiet to-day. Lon
don tin was 7s 6d lower with spot closing at
£133 'and' futures at £116. The local market
was also lower and easy at the decline, as thero
was not brisk buying, the quoted basis being
$27 12%@27 70. The local copper market held ]
up to "previous prices and lake was quoted at
$17 and casting and electrolytic at $16 62y>.
London, however, was 2s 6d higher and closed
at £68 for spot and £68 8s 9d for futures. Lead
quiet and unchanged both here and abroad.
Spelter was dull and unchanged at $3 900)3 95,
while London showed a decline of Ds, closing
at £16 10s. '-" Iron at New York' was slow and
nominal, with plgiron warrants quoted at J9 50
@10. The English Iron markets were quiet.
Glasgow closed at 53s Id and Mlddlesboro
closed at; 44s 7V£d.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 17.— Cotton futures closed
steady, with prices net 1 to 12 points higher.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, July 17.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales * to-day numbered 14,575 bales.
Scoureds were dearer. Improved French buy
ing, coupled with a good demand from home
and German buyers, imparted a better feeling.
America bought a fair pupply of coarse cross
breds and merinos. Punta Arenas brought out
strong competition.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 17.— Clearings. $278,
198; balances. $42,158.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 17.— Wheat— Unchanged ; Club,
66c; Bluestem, 57c.
¦- Ship Calverton, loaded for Europe, succeeded
In getting a crew to-day and will sail soon.
-5. -' OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 17.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
E5@56c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, July 17.— Consols, 92%; Silver,
26%d; French rentes, lOOf 60c; wheat cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; Walla Walla 2Ss 6d;
English country markets, dull.
LIVERPOOL, July 16.— "Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 9d@5s 9V4d; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; weather- in
England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d.
" ?
Exchange and Bullion.
The Nippon Mara took out a treasure list
of $233,767, consisting of. $157,601 in Mexican
dollars, $1161 in gold coin and $75,000 in silver
bullion. ¦ ¦
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...... — ' )4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SSV^
Sterling Cables — " 4 S9^
New York Exchange, sight — 12&
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15 *
Silver, per ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars, nominal ........ 47 @ 47H
• Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets 'were firm and
Liverpool futures were higher.
Chicago opened firm on continued unfavorable
weather and strong cables. Broomhall cabled
continued unfavorable reports from Russia.
Subsequently the felelng became easier on re
ported showers at scattering points in Kansas,
Iowa and Illinois. Advices to Bolton, de Ruy
ter & Co. said that' prominent bears were re
instating short lines covered on the preceding
day. ' Later on, however, there was a rally from
the early break and the news became bullish
again. The opinion, wa3 growing that the crop
damage to Corn was fully as serious as . had
been reported. The • Northwest reported blight
in spring Wheat in Minnesota and i South Da
kota and French authorities estimated the Im
port-requirements of France at 100,000,000 bush
els. This was apparently confirmed by heavy
purchases in ' the Southwestern markets for
French account, and about 1,000,000 bushels
was ¦ sold around 68c bx i Chicago, commission
houses. The weather was reported clearing
throughout the West and speculators considered
the rainfall Insufficient: The condition of the
crop in the Northwest was said to be excellent,
however, with a fair prospect of 200,000 bushels,
and New York sold heavily.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96%c; milling, 98%@
$1 OVA Per ctl. ¦ . ' ,
¦ .'¦-¦. CALL BOARD SALES.
i Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock—December—10,
000 ctls, n 01%; 4000, $1 01%. " ' .
Second Session — December— 20,000 ctls, $1 01%;
4000, ¦ $1 01%. ._ ;.
Regular Morning Session— No sales. '
Afternoon Session— December— 4000 ctls, $1 01%.
BARLEY — Fair sales are reported at steady
quotations. Feed. 73%c for choice bright, 71'^®
72Hc for No. 1 and 67%@70c . for off grades ;
Brewing and Shipping grades, 75 82'^c; Cheva
lier, nominal. '
: CALL BOARD SALES. . '
¦ Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 70c. .
. Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales. = >
¦ OATS— There is nothing new beyond. the heavy
purchases ' for speculative account mentioned
Shipment of $233,767 to China.
Exchange and Silver as before.
Wheat futures rather firmer. Barley steady.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before.
Hay continues zeeak. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans tending downward.
Liberal shipments of Potatoes to Texas.
Onions and Vegetables show little change.
Butter; Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Poultry still weak, with a light demand.
Plums and Prunes in active demand and firm.
Peaches firm and Bartlett Pears higher.
Melons coming in more freely.
Provisions firm and unchanged.
No further change in the Meat market.
Stocks and bonds shozv little variation.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
yesterday. Prices show: no change. -There are
free offerings of 'red, but white and black are
hardly seen. : .
"White, $1 35@1 43; Surprise, $1 50@l 55; Red,
97%c©$l 12Vi; Black, $1 10@l 20 per ctl. .
'CORN — The scattering rains throughout the
West have not improved the condition of the
crop much and speculators are again buying
at Chicago, though the feeling is not very bull
ish 1 and a few clouds over the Corn belt are
sufficient to send the bulls scurrying for cover.
This market is governed wholly by Chicago and
is dull. . as nobody feels like doing anything
until the crop prospects are mora definitely as
certained.
Small round Yellow, $150; Eastern Yellow,
$1 42Y-; White, n 47*4; Mixed, $1 40 per ctl.
RYE— 72^@77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— None in first hands.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family extras, $3 23@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, {3 15@3 15;
Oregron, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. -
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3; ex
tra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats,' $4 75; Hominy,
$3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 35@7 85;
in sacks, $K@7 50; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peat,
$5; Green .Peas, f 6 50 per 100 lbs.
: Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Hay are less excessive,* though
still liberal, and the market continues weak.
Otherwise there is nothing new.
BRAN— $17 50@18 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $19"50@21 per ton. .
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 60(317 B0
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; job
bing, $26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal.
$28@29; Cracked Corn, $23 50@29 50; Mixed Feed,
$16 50@17 50.
HAY— New Is quotable aa follows: Wheat,
$8 50@9 60: choice, $10(310 50; Wheat and Oat,
$8@9 50; Oat, $6@S 60; Barley and Oat,. $7@8;
Alfalfa, $8@9 50; Clover, nominal; Volunteer,
$5@7. ,
I STRAW— 35<3>42%o per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
. There It no further change In Beans. The
selling pressure continues ' and the tendency is
downward.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 2502 50; Small White,
$4 75®4 90; Large White, $3 50@3 85; Pink. $1 30
@1 50; Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3; Llmas, $S 15
@6 35; Red Kidney. $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal. Tellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary, 3}4@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2Vfcc: Hemp, 3%c; Timothy, 6%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 60 per cti.
Potatoes, Onions and' Vegetables.
The demand for Potatoes for the West and
Southwest is said to be the sharpest for years.
Yesterday from seven to ten cars were sent to
Texas. The market Is naturally very firm un
der this condition and prices show some ad
vance. .¦
Onions rule firm. Red are getting
nominal, as the season for them is drawing
to a close.
Vegetables continue- In good supply aa a rule
and the market is without especial feature.
- POTATOES — New Potatoes. »1 10@l 25 in
sacks and $1 10@l 50 in boxes for Burbanks,
$1@1 15 for Garnet Chiles and $1 10@l 25 for
Early Rose; Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l 60.
ONIONS— New Red, 30@55c per sack; New
Tellow, 80c(g$l.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 75@2 25 for
large, $1 25@1 50 per box for No. 1 and 50c@$l
for No. 2; Green Peas, 60c@$l 25 per sack;
String Beans, l@3c; Limas, 3c: Cabbage, 35®
40c per ctl: Tomatoes, from Winters, 35@60c;
Rivers, in large boxes, $1@1 50; Dried Peppers,
12@18c; Green Okra,<20@25c; Carrots, 25@35c per
sack; Winters' Cucumbers, 85@50c: Bay, 75c©
$1; Garlic. 2@3c; Green Peppers, 75c@$l 25 per
box for Chile and $1@1 75 for Bell: Egg Plant.
$1 25@1 50 per box; Green Corn. 50c@$l per sack;
Alameda,.$l@l 50 per crate; Berkeley, 85c; Sum
mer Squash, large boxes. ¦ 20@30c; New Mar
rowfat Squash. $40 per ton. «
Poultry and Game.
Poultry continues weak with a light demand,
but prices show little change. One car of East
ern came in.' ¦ -¦ '
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, — ' for Gobblers
and — for Hens; Geese, per -pair, $1@1 25;
Goslings, $l(gl 25: Ducks, $2 50@3 for old and
$3©4 for young: Hens. $4@5 50; young Roosters..
$o@«; old Roosters, $3 6<*g:4; Fryers, $4@4 50;
Broilers. $3@3 50 for large and $1 50@2 50 for
small; Pigeons. $1 50@2 per dozen for old and
$1 50([?2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $l(gl 50; Rabbits, $1@1 50 for
Cottontail and $1 for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. ,
Butter continues in good shape" 1 for sellers,
stocks being moderate and the demand very
fair. • Cheese is coming in more freely, but Is
still quoted firm.
Eggs are quoted dull by almost all dealers,
though the demand is sufficient to absorb the
receipts and the feeling is steady.
Receipts were 46,400 pounds and 152 tubs of
Butter, 969 cases of Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs, 34.550 pounds of California Cheese. —
pounds Oregon Cheese and 6000 pounds East
ern Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery, 20@21c per lb for fancy
and 13%@19%c for seconds; dairy. 14@18c per lb.
CHEESE— New. 9@10c; old. nominal; Young
Americas^ 10@llc per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 17@20c for good to fancy;
store, 13@loc per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extra. 20c; firsts, 19c;' seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 19c; firsts, 17c; seconds, 15c;
store, 12@14c.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9c; choice, s^c;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 10c; East
ern full. cream, 13@15c per lb.
EGGS —
California Ranch— Selected white, 19c; mixed
colors, 17c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 16c; standard,
13c; seconds, . . -
Eastern — Standard, 16c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Plums and Prunes continue to rule very firm
under light receipts and a good demand, and
the latter advanced. Peaches are also firm and
Bartlett Pears are somewhat higher again.
Figs are 6tlll scarce and higher.
Melons are quieter, as arrivals are somewhat
larger and prices are easier. Grapes from
Yuma' still arrive in bad condition. There is
not much change in Berries.
Two cars of Watermelons arrived from
Fresno. • •
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 25@50c for small. -
APRICOTS— 25@50c per box, 40@6oc per crate;
in' bulk, $15@17 50 per ton for small and $20@30
for large. . '
CRABAPFLES— 30@50c per small and per
large box. l«iii
PLUMS— 35@65c per box and 30@S0c per bas
ket: Prunes, 35@75c per crate and 40@50c per
PEACHES — 30@50o per box and 30@50c per
basket for common and 35@50c per box and 35<g>
55c per basket for Crawfords and $22 50 per ton
in the country; Sawyer's Seedlings, 50@65c per
basket on the wharf.
NECTARINES — White, 40@75c per box; Red,
PEARS— Dearborn Seedlings, 50c per box and
EOc per basket; Bartletts, $1@1 25 per box for
No. 1, 50@75c for No. 2, and $32 50 per ton in
STRAWBERRIES— $3@5 per chest for Long
worths and $3 60@4 75 for large berries.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5@6 50 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES-$3@5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4@0 per chest.
CURRANTS— $4@6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 12%c per lb.
FIGS— Black, per box for single and
II 25@1 75 for double layers; White, nominal.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 75c@$l per box and $1 25
(32 per crate: Cantaloupes, $1@1 75 per half
crate and $2@i 50 per large crate; Watermelons,
from Fresno, 12%@20c each ¦ ¦
GRAPES— Seedless and Black, from Arizona,
60@75c per crate; Fontalnebleau, from Vaca
ville 75c@$l per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Mediterranean Sweets.
$1 oOS'2- Valenclas, $1 50@2 50; St. Michaels,
$1 50@2- Lemons, $1@1 50 for common and $2@3
for good to choice; Grape Fruit, 50c®$l 50; Mex
ican Limes, $7 E0@8; Bananas, $1 25@2 per
bunch; Pineapples* $1 50@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS— Apricots, 8@9c for new; Evaporated
Apples, 4@6c; sun. dried, W4(iI2^ic: new evapo
rated Apples, B@6c; Peaches, 3%@4c for stand
ard, 4%@5V4e for choice and 6@6%c for fancy;
New Peaches, 6c for July and 5c for August de
livery; Pears, 207c; Plums, pitted. 3@4c; unpit
ted. %<g;lV4c: Nectarines, 4@4&c for . red and
4@5c for white. .
B PRUNES— 4 sizes: 40-50g,- 6>4c; 50-60s, 4^0;
60-TOs, 3%c;.70-80s, 3&c: 80-903, 2%c; 9O-100s, 2&c;
10O-120S, l%c.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' .Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c: unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10Uc per lb;
choice,. 9%c; standard. 8%c; prime. -8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6V£c; -4-crown. 7c; 3-crown. 6%c; 2-crown, 6c;
Pacific brand— 2-crown, ¦ 5c; 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown, B'/fec; seeded (Fresno prices), 5%c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown, $1 60 per : box;. S-crown.
$1 60; Fancy Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50;- Im
perials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in ' Calif ornia. -. • . . . •
NUTS-^Walnuts, No. , 1 eoftshell, I2ffli2%c:
No. 2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10V4c;.No. 2,
6%@7%c; Almonds, 13®14c for paper-shell, 10®
lie for. softshell and E@6c for hardshell: Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, • 12@12 1 / 2C ;
Filberts, 12@12V4c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 5C@5. . . ¦ ....
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and 9@9&c
THE SAN FEANCISGO; CALL, THUESDAY, JULY 18, 1901i
t Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacifle Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 17—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-flay:
Eureka, €2; Independence, 94: Red Bluff, 94;
Fresno. SS; Los Angeles. S2; Sacramento. 86;
Esn Luis Obispo, S4; San Diego. 68.
Sen Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
€0; minimum, 50; mean. 55.
THE COAST RECORD.
Temperature " a. m.. £1 degrees.
Vi'EATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slightly over the
Southern half of the Pacific Coa6t and has
fallen sligrhtlv over the Washington coast.
The temperature has changed but little over
the country wect of the Rocky Mountains dur
ing the past twenty-four hours. In the great
valleys of California the temperatures are
thphtly below the normal. No rain has fallen
west of the Rocky Mountains.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. July IS:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; light
Foutherly wind in the interior; fresh . westerly
m-in'-s on the coast wtth fog.
Southern California — Fair Thursday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Thursday; fresh westerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday:
fresh westerly winds.
SPECIAL DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
fan Jcse— North, clear, windy; fruit doing
cicely.
HoIliPter — Clear; early peaches all picked;
crop medium, quality fair.
Earta Maria— Apricots, light crop; weather
continues favorable for beans; grain threshing
as before.
Ventura— Beans and corn doing well; scarcity
of fruit pickers and farmhands.
Napa— Southwest, clear; peaches ripening
Clooiy; almonds, light crop.
Palermo— South, all crops as reported.
Hanfcrd— Favorable for fruit; about 70 per
ceiil crape crop estimated.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Forecast Official.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. July 17.— Early knowledge of
the terms of Mr. Morgan's letter nominating
the members of the Northern Pacific board of
directors to fill the vacancies to be created
v.rs undoubtedly the cause of the emphatic
recovery In prices of stocks to-day. The first
intimation of the news came to the street
through the open buying of round amounts of
various stocks by brokers generally understood
to act for both the Morgan and the Harri
man interests. The fact of this buying was
evidence of the satisfaction felt by both.par
ties to tie Xcrthern Pacific contest over the
terms of eettlement, provided for by Mr. Mor
gan's action, aside from the strong assurance
felt 'rom the per«onality of the new members
of the board that a fair and satisfactory ad
justment would be secured. The additional
recommendation for the immediate reconstruc
tion of the board rather than to await the
regular meeting In October was a further
cause of relief to the speculative mind: The
conviction that an early settlement of the
Kcithern Pacific controversy was at hand,
which permeated the market all the morning,
was crystallized by the rather spectacular de
vice of a sale cf 200 shares of Northern Pa
cific common stock on the board. The price
»-.-« 118. The mute record on the tape com
ing smoothly from the ticker with the quota
tion Jumbled in whatever line of the trans
action .of the market was eloquent of perhaps
the most disastrous quarrel that ever unsettled
values in Wall Mreet. The last of the strag
gling transactions in the stock which followed
the sale for J10C0 in the culmination 5 of the
comer In the panic of May 9 was made on
June 3, when the stock 6old at 150, which waa
the settlement price offered by insiders to
Fhorts. . Finee that time the stock has disap
peared from the market and there has not been
evr>n a nominal quotation for it. The reap
pearance of the stock on the tape was imme
diately followed by a violent bound in prices.
There were occasional l.auses in the move
ment, but no notable recessions in prices.
New buyins: orders came into the market In
piccpsslve installments for enormous blocks.
The stock* of the railroads Immediately af
fected were naturally the leaders in the move
ment, but the strnncth cpread to other parts
of t!ie market and all other considerations
were Ignored. A rumor that th° steel strike
would be settled within forty-eight hours en
tlrelv fniled cf- corroboratlon. but the recov
ery in the steel stocks continued without in
terruption. The' news of the day pointed to
additional recruits for the striklns employes
of the Anthracite companies, but the early
weakness in the coalers was wiped out and
the stock* made buoyant advances over last
night'e level, extending in the case of Erie
first preferred 3%. The declaration of the
first dividend on this stock of 14 per cent,
presumably for the half-yearly period, helped
the advance, although there had been talk
that the stock would be placed on a 4 per
cent basis from" the outset. The extreme rise
over last nisrht in St. Paul reached 9%. Union
Pacific ~~A. Southern Pacific 4% and Atchlson
4~'.. . Rock Island rose 3 points in sympathy.
There were many other advances in the rail
road list and amons the New York tractions
of from 2. to Hi points, the Southern. South
western, trunk lines, coalers and less Import-
Hit croups all being represented. Among the
industrials and specialties United States Steel
rot 2% over last night, the preferred 2. Sucar
4% Oenera.1 Electric and Colorado Fuel 5^4.
Vo'rth American 2*i and Western Union and
Amalgamated Copper 2% each. The strength
in the corn market to-day ceased to influence
the etock market. - Sub-Treasury operations
10
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
California Fruit Sales.
KTATIONS.
So
o
it
S S D
*=.* Hr o?
CK »J *•<» .
05
1
-3
¦ f
Astoria
Baker
Carson
Eureka
Fresno
FlasstalT
Pocattllo, Idaho
Independence -•
Los Angeles
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
Rosotiurg
Sacramento
Salt Lake
Fan Francisco ..
San I-uIs Obispo
San Diego
Fertile
Spokane
Neah Day
Walla Walla
Winnemucca ...
, ..SO. 04 66 52 XW Clear
...29. SO 90 51 JCAV Clear
..29.S6 86 54 W Clear
..30.06 C2 48 NW Clear
..29.80 SS 62 XW Clear
...29.SS 88 M W ¦ Clear
>.. 29.74 CS 56 S Clear
...29.72 94 66 SE Clear
...29.S6 « 60 W Clear
..."9.64 106 80 W Clear
...29.96 76 52 SE Clear
...2S.S4 94 64 SE Clear
..29.92 SO 04 NW Clear
...29.SS S6 56 SW Clear
,..29.76 9S 66 NW Clear
...30.00 60 50 W Clear
>..29.92 M 4S N Clear
...29.90 68 60 SW Clear
..29.9S 76 50 KW Pt CWy
...23.SG 8S 52 W Clear
..30.04 60 50 NW Cldy
...29.81 90 60 SW Clear
..29.78 92 46 W Clear
...29.70 1C6 76 SW Clear
0
0
0
o
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
t>
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
STATIONS.
B 2 C
Plifif
fie ffi
Co
1^
: p
Sc
: a
'Ca
Pa
itur:
pa .
em
ah :
nfrr
¦a
er
jse
10
Maria ...
rd
73 56
M 46
73 M
76 46
32 59
76 «
K» 59
N*"
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
KTATIONS.
So
o
it
S S D
*=.* Hr o?
CK »J *•<» .
05
1
-3
¦ f
Astoria
Baker
Carson
Eureka
Fresno
FlasstalT
Pocattllo, Idaho
Independence -•
Los Angeles
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
Rosotiurg
Sacramento
Salt Lake
Fan Francisco ..
San I-uIs Obispo
San Diego
Fertile
Spokane
Neah Day
Walla Walla
Winnemucca ...
, ..SO. 04 66 52 XW Clear
...29. SO 90 51 JCAV Clear
..29.S6 86 54 W Clear
..30.06 C2 48 NW Clear
..29.80 SS 62 XW Clear
...29.SS 88 M W ¦ Clear
>.. 29.74 CS 56 S Clear
...29.72 94 66 SE Clear
...29.S6 « 60 W Clear
..."9.64 106 80 W Clear
...29.96 76 52 SE Clear
...2S.S4 94 64 SE Clear
..29.92 SO 04 NW Clear
...29.SS S6 56 SW Clear
,..29.76 9S 66 NW Clear
...30.00 60 50 W Clear
>..29.92 M 4S N Clear
...29.90 68 60 SW Clear
..29.9S 76 50 KW Pt CWy
...23.SG 8S 52 W Clear
..30.04 60 50 NW Cldy
...29.81 90 60 SW Clear
..29.78 92 46 W Clear
...29.70 1C6 76 SW Clear
0
0
0
o
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
t>
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
STATIONS.
B 2 C
Plifif
fie ffi
Co
1^
: p
Sc
: a
'Ca
Pa
itur:
pa .
em
ah :
nfrr
¦a
er
jse
10
Maria ...
rd
73 56
M 46
73 M
76 46
32 59
76 «
K» 59
N*"
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
AUCTION SALES
fe, ANOTHER BIG £=>
AUCTION SALE
Of Selected and Accepted
GERMAN GOVERNMENT ARTIL-
LERY HORSES,
Consisting of
100 MARES AND GELDINGS.
Broken single and double, and weighing from
10CO to 1350 pounds, and are from 4 to 10 years
old. Many handsome single drivers, well
matched teams and saddle horses. All are
solid in color and have passed the veterina-
rian's inspection. They are suitable for livery-
men, stase owners, teamsters, expressmen, etc.
No reserve. Terms cash.
Sale Takes Place
TUESDAY, July 23, 1901,
From 10 a. m. Sharp to 1:30 p. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD ST., NEAR THIRD.
WM. G. LATNG. Auctioneer.
Horses at Salesyard July 20th.
fe AUCTION SALE fe
OF
BO HEAD OF
Broken, Driving and
Work Horses.
To B« Sold
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY - - - - July 18, 1901
AT 11 A. M.. AT
Salesyard, 17:3 Market St., cor. Van Ness are.
Horses Now at Tard.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.,
(Successors to Killip & CO.)
Livestock 'Auctioneers.
Also a number of 2. 4 and 6 Horse Wagons to
sell or trade for stock.MUSICAL FEATURES OF THE
CAMP LIFE OF THE CADETS
TENTING AT NAPA.
The pain of parting is experienced by
the small boy when his mother attempts
to comb his hair.
ITALIANS MAY
MAKE DEMANDS
WASHINGTON 1 . July 17.— The Italian
Government has taken cognizance of &
recent affray at Erwin, Miss., in which it
is claimed two Italians were lynched and
a third seriously grounded. The facts have
been communicated to the Foreign Office
at Rome and the Italian Embassy here
has made representations to the State
Department. At the same time the Ital
ian authorities are pursuing an investi
gation of their own through their Con
sul at New Orleans and their Consular
Agent at Vicksburg, Miss., which is not
far from the scene of the alleged trouble.
Thus far the reports received from these
officials establish the essential points ln
what is considered a rather serious condi
tion of affairs. First, it is reported posi
tively that the Italians were killed by
lynching. Second, the Italian authorities
nearest the scene of the trouble have
established to their satisfaction that the
persons killed are Italian subjects ln the
full sense, not having taken out natural
ization papers. There is every indication
that the facts will constitute an Interna
tional incident similar to that with Italy
-growing out of the killing of Italians in
Louisiana.
The first report of the trouble at Erwin
came In a brief press dispatch four or
five days ago. The Italian Consular of
ficers at New Orleans and Vlcksburg have
since made telegraphic reports, and the
Italian Charge d'Affaires, Carignani, took
prompt action ln advising his Government
and in laying the matter before the State
Department. The department has ren
dered every assistance possible, although
this again has disclosed the difficulties of
Federal action in a matter occurring
within the jurisdiction of a State. The
Governor of Mississippi, it is reported,
will proceed" In person to Erwln to Investi
gate the matter.
Best Routes to the Yosemite Valley
Are via the Southern Pacific.
Choice of three old-established stag©
routes, with largest and best equipment.
Big tree groves en route. Rates low as
any, with or ¦without hotel or camp ac
commodations en route and In valley. Full
Information and literature 613 Market
street and Mechanics' Pavilion.
In the Divorce Court.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Florence A. Spohn against Joel Spohn
for failure to provide. May Swain against
Arthur B. Swain for cruelty. Mary
Washburne against Ajay Washburne for
desertion, Lavina Harris against David
D. Harris for failure to provide and
Maria '. Cetrlno against Antonio Cetrlno
for cruelty.
SACRAMENTO. July 17.— A week has
elapsed since a resolution introduced by
Governor Gage was passed by the Capitol
Commissioners, removing State Gardener
Dunn' from office and requiring that the
facts of his case be laid before Attorney
General Ford for such legal action as he
might deem proper. The resolution bore
every evidence of having been carefully
framed, with the Idea of political effect
uppermost. It expressly "passed up" the
responsibility of Dunn's presence in of
fice to former Governors Markham and
Budd. and represented that he was kept
in office during the Gage regime only upon
the earnest solicitation of the two ex-
Governors and others high ln the councils
of state. In fact. Governor Gage was
exhibited before a. sympathetic constit
uency as one whose confidence had been
grossly betrayed and when the typewrit
ten and carbon-copied resolution closed
with a direction that the Attorney Gen
eral be given the facts of the Stata
Gardener's misdeeds, it seemed that be
fore Dunn loomed the penitentiary and
behind him stalked the turnkey.
But It develops that the manifestation
of outraged virtue was only a sample oC
current gubernatorial "hot air." Attorney
General Ford declares that he has receiv
ed no communication whatever on the
subject of Dunn's offenses against the law
either from the Governor's office or the
Capitol Commissioners and this afternoon
the secretary of the latter body admitted
the truth of this statement. Meanwhile
Dunn received the advice of friends that
he would better take his departure while
there was no hindrance to his doing so
and he fled on Saturday night and is by
some believed to be in British Columbia,
Absolutely no effort has been made either
to prevent Dunn's departure, to ascertain
his whereabouts or to communicate th©
facts of his criminality to the Attorney
General.
• On top of this confessed inaction comes
the positive statement of A. C. Remick,
a well-known meat merchant of Sacra
mento, that Governor Gage either knew
all about Dunn's dishonesty when he took
office or had ample opportunity to find It
out. Remick was a deputy in the office
of State Treasurer Rackliffe up to the
latter's death. He asserts that he and a
number of other attaches of the Capitol
and even of the grounds superintended by
Dunn, addressed and filed with the pres
ent Capitol Commissioners early in Gov
ernor Gage's term a petition in which
they charged Dunn with rascality and
with being unfit to retain the place. No
attention whatever was paid to the peti
tion either by the Governor or the other
commissioners. Remick laughs at the
Idea of Gage holding his predecessors re
sponsible for Dunn's presence. Dunn has
all along been credited with a potent pull
at the Capitol.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
in Canada.
Deposed State Gardener Is Be
lieved to Be Now Safe
Governor's Office Makes
No Attempt to Pre
vent Plight.
PERMITS DUNN
TO EVADE LAW
Colonel "William H. Heuer, United
States engineer in charge of the Improve
ment of rivers and harbors In California,
has sent his annual report to Washington.
It contains the annual recommendations
that are the basis of work when the Com
mittee on Rivers and Harbors takes up
the question of improvements for the wat
erways of this State. It will be found that
the recommendations do not Include any
for large new improvements. From this
It should not be inferred that Colonel
Heuer is not advocating many., things that
are earnestly desired and were strongly
recommended by Congressmen and others
when the Committee on Rivers and Har
bors was here recently. In fact, all' tne
work that he has specifically mentioned
in earlier reports, upon which action has
not been taken, is still under consideration
with Colonel Heuer's favorable recom
mendations.
"Until a recommendation Is disposed of.
said Colonel Heuer yesterday. "It is still
pending. Congressmen can turn back to
the files. As a matter of fact there are
several large and important matters that
have been brought to the attention of
Congress which may be possibly taken
up at the next session. Among these are
the improvement of the channel to Mare
Island to enable the passage of large war
vessels to the navy yard to be repaired
or for other purposes: the deepening -of
the water above the Suisun flat, the flat
being five or six miles long; the construc
tion of a canal around the city of Stock
ton: the Oakland harbor improvements,
including the tidal canal, etc. These are
just as much before Congress as if they
were included In the last report. The
estimates have been made and the works
have been described ln connection with
earlier reports.
i"A recommendation has been made for
an appropriation for the snagging of the
Upper, Sacramento River, the amount
asked being $25,000. There is a large ton
nage that moves on the river above the
city Of Sacramento, something like half a
million tons per annum. The' failure of
the river and harbor bill in the last Con
gress has left snagging to be done by the
State or not done at all. A contract has
been recently entered into by the State
for keeping navigation of the upper river
open by the removal of snags. When
there is high water it Is possible to go to
one side of a snag, -but not so when the
water is low. Our aim is to keep the water
seven feet deep at low, water to Sacra
mento, four feet deep to Colusa and three
feet deep to Red Bluff. These are the
present depths and they enable barges to
move freight above Sacramento."
HEUER REPORTS
ON WATERWAYS
Colonel Ed F. Browne of Aspen, Colo.,
made an address on the same lines. He
gave many statistics to show the impor
tance of the mining industry, and de
clared that it had been misrepresented
in Government reports; that more than
10 per cent of the exports of the coun
try last year were the unmanufactured
products of mining.
Sidney Story of New Orleans ma.de an
Interesting address on the question of
building the Nicaraguan canal. He de
clared that the building of the canal by
the United State3 was rendered more
necessary by the attitude of European
nations, which are discriminating against
American products. The canal would en
able Americans to greatly extend their
trade in the Orient. He much preferred
the Nicaragua route to that across the
Isthmus of Panama.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion submitted its report, which was
adopted. The following are the officers
elected: President, John Henry Smith of
Utah; first vice president, Leon Bryson
of Iowa; second vice president, L. Brad
ford Prince of New Mexico: third vice
president, J. S. Whelis of Texas: fourth
vice president, ex-Governor Seay of Ok
lahoma. The other officers are chosen by
the executive committee and will be
named to-morrow. The members of the
executive committee are selected by the
different delegations.
At the evening session Congressman
Chester I* Long- of Kansas spoke on the
subject. "Our Trade Should Go Under
Our Flag," and Charles J. Moore of Crip
ple Creek gave a. lecture illustrated by
stereoptlcon on "The 'Formation of the
Cripple Creek and Leadville Mining Dis
tricts." ; L. ,
Francis B. . Thurber .of New York,
president of the United States Export
Association, closed the evening session
with an address on "What Shall We Do
With Our Surplus Products?" He said
that our great national resources in
fields, forests, mines and factories de
manded wider markets; that there are fif
teen hundred millions of people in the
world, and "the field is the world.*
At the morning session of the congress
ex-Secretary Noble expressed himself as
opposed to a department of mines in the
Government on the ground that the laws
regulating mining are made by the States
and not by the Oeneral Government. He
favored a bureau of mines to test and dis
seminate information regarding mines
and treatment of ores. A department of
commerce, whose head should be a mem
ber of the President's Cabinet, he declared
to be a necessity.
The address of Robert Graham of Crip-
T>le Creek was in favor of a department
of mining whose head shall be a member
of the President's Cabinet.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Julv 17.—
Festivities connected with the Trans-
Mississippi Commercial -Congress began
to-day with a flower parade at 10 o'clock.
A large number of carriages, handsomely
decorated, were in line.
Important Themes Discussed
by Trans-Mississippi
Congress.
Project.
Cripple Creek Delegates
Talk of Nicaragua
NEED OF CANAL
IS INCREASING
Ladles,* men's, boys' and : girls' shoes,
worth $2 50 to $3 50, are being sold this
week for 75c a pair^ You pick what you
want. Next Monday the balance - will go
for 50c a pair at the factory sale of shoes,
717 Market St.. near Third. - • ;
Only 75c a Pair.
Conclave of Sons of St. George.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 17.
The Grand Lodge of the Order of the
Sons of St. George adjourned sine die thia
evening
San Francisco was chosen as the next
place of meeting after a spirited contest
by the Canadian delegates, who wanted the
next Grand Lodge to convene on British
soil, at Vancouver. The Americans were
in a big majority, however, and the only
question was as to which city in Cali
fornia should be selected. The next Grand
Lodge will meet on the fourth Tuesday
of next January. •
The opening of the ballots for the vari
ous officers placed the Grand Lodge in a
delicate position with regard to the in
stallation #f M. H. Dunn, the recently de
posed Stare gardener, who was declared
elected to the office of grand vice presi
dent of the order. Dunn saved the Grand
Lodge any difficulty in this connection
by forwarding his resignation, which was
accepted. W. H. Fuller of San Francisco
was elected to fl.ll the vacancy so created.
The other officers installed were: Grand
president, Thomas Bradbury of Nanaimo,
B. C; past grand president, Robert Sharp
of Los Angeles: grand secretary, Thomas
Poyser of San Francisco; grand treasurer,
Frank Winterburn of San Francisco;
grand messenger, J. .H. Cocking of Vic
toria, B. C; grand assistant secretary, W.
H. Price of Victoria; grand" chaplain. M.
V. Argall of Grass Valley; grand inside
sentinel. C. B. Olver of Jackson; grand
assistant messenger, W. G. Johnston of
San Francisco; grand outside sentinel, W.
H. Bradley of Sacramento; trustee, G. B.
Boswell of San Francisco.
NEW TORK, July 17.-The following
Californians are in New York: From
San Francisco— C. A. Hitchcock, at the
Cosmopolitan; M. King, at the Imperial-
Mrs- M. McDonald, at the Grand Union'
O. W. Richardson, at the Astor House*
G. B. Warren, at the Victoria; L. Burns'
at the New Amsterdam; B. C. Samuel'
at the Astor House; H. A. Gerrich, at the*
Union Square; H. F. Jones, at the Broad
way Central; J. G. Sutton, at the Gilsey
A- Boers, at the Herald Square.
From Los Angeles — J. W. Henderson, at
the Imperial; Miss Brotherton. at the St.
Denis; Mrs. T. Campbell, Miss F. Camp
bell, at the Gilsey; Miss A. J. Davies, at
the Murray HI1L
Californians in New York.
Lieutenant Colonel McGloin tried to sur
prise and capture the camp this morning,
but was foiled by the alertness of Captain
F. J. Grimley, officer of the guard; Lieu
tenant Coligan and Drill Instructor An
dy J. Gaughran. The attack, repulse and
capture of the attacking forces formed a
clever piece of military strategy. For fif
teen minutes the camp and the rolling
plain in front were the scenes of exciting
incidents. The plan to attack the camp
originated with Colonel McGloin. He had
Attack on the Camp.
The closing chorus; was by members of
Company F— J. Kllgallon, W. Magulre,- J.
Twomey, J. McCarthy, F. Geary, ID. Cul
len. H. McGilvray, H. Moore, L. Roberts,
J. Mullins, W. Driscoll, C. Levy, L. Reilly,
T. Burns and W. Clancy: selections, by
icgimental band. •¦
"Quo Vadls Upside Down,", a realistic
scene from that beautiful Roman drama,
had as its Marcus Vlniclus a bum actor
stranded ln Yountvllle, Lieutenant James
McCormlck; Ursus, a mighty Roman
giant, Pat Casey; a baggage smasher of
the Southern Pacific Company at Yount
ville. Sergeant Frank H. Gilson; Bulga
rian Bull from Butchertown, one of the
company. Time, ragtime; place, Yount
ville, Napa County, Cal.
Overture, by regimental band; opening
chorus, by members of Company N— W.
Hannigan, E. Dinneen, J. L. Flynn, R.
Birchett, J. Cailahan, F. Doling, J. Fitz-
Bimmons, J. Gallagher, G. J. Jacobus, D.
Kennedy. J. Kearney, J. McDonough, P.
J. Merrill, C. Kelly, Lieutenant McBride
and Lieutenant W. Carey; monologue,
Norman Morgan of Company L; tenor
solo, Lieutenant John O'Brien, battalion
adjutant; banjo solo, David Torres, regi
mental quartermaster, and Frank Gon
zales, lieutenant and battalion adjutant;
juvenile trio, Vincent Thomas, Arthur
O'Connor and Leo. Murphy of Sacred
Heart's Junior choir; Mat Kreling, in imi
tations of Lew Dockstadter; cornet solo,
by A. Putz, chief musician; vocal selec
tions, by Willard Sloane of Company A;
selections by regimental band: German
comedians, J. Fltzslmmons, F. Doling and
J. J. McNamara; vocal solo, George F.
Kean.
ALL HEADQUARTERS, CAMP
(l^ POWER. NAPA, July 17.— Napa
(v j Opera-ncuse never held a larger
or more enthusiastic audience
than that which enjoyed the
vaudeville entertainment given to-night
by the League of the Cross Cadets for the
benefit of St. John's Church of thia city.
There was not an inch of standing room
to be had. The efforts of those who took
part in the programme were highly ap
preciated. . The entertainment was pre
pared by Captain Ben McKinley. Captain
Joe Kennedy and Captain Frank Grimley.
Colonel McGloin acted as director. The
programme included the following fea
tures: .
The band was in camp practicing at this
time and hurriedly took up a position near
the pole and rallied the . defenders with
patriotic music. When victory was as
sured it. played "The Star Spangled Ban
ner" and^the victors cheered incessantly.
A number of the cadets suffered slight
scratches In the melee. \ The maneuver
was extremely exciting and, was' enjoyed
by all who watched its outcome. Colonel
McGloin reluctantly surrendered . . his
sword. He afterward said he was beaten
by 'overwhelming numbers. - - ,
,' To-morrow night another passage of
acms .will be had. Sabers will not be
used. Half the. regiment -will -leave camp
and: attempt to return without discovery.
The - besiegers and - the besieged will be
The second battalion, commanded by
Captain Kennedy of Oakland, rushed
through the camp and attempted to take
the colors, but were defeated and made
prisoners. The fighting around the flag
staff was highly exciting. Blood, was
shed in the excitement and the hospital
corps, ¦ under command of Major . Mor
risey, had three litters on hand to carry
off the wounded. The defenders of the
camp formed a solid bulwark at the base
of the tall pole and with sabers uplifted
prevented the attacking forces . chopping
away the halyards.
One section waa sent to the west of the
camp, ln command of Captain Grimley,
and the other moved out on the plain -to
meet the enemy. McGloin had ordered
one battalion to enter from the northeast
portion of the camp, bo that the cadets
would be shielded by the trees and hospi
tal tents. The other battalion, command
ed by himself, crept in from the south
east and was shielded from view by a big
winery. A deep ravine in the center of
the plain and the tall grass made the
spot an ideal one for carrying out the at
tack and defense. Gaughran brought his
men through the tall grass and concealed
them close to the ravine. The cadets lay
in ambush and awaited the coming of the
enemy. McGloin • rushed his men across
the field* and down the ravine and as they
dashed up the slope they were met and
repulsed. There was a terrific clashing
of sabers and hand to hand scuffling.
Sergeant Dave Torres deserved a medal
for bravery. He captured the colors car
ried by the enemy. Within a few minutes
McGloin and his entire battalion were
prisoners.
taken the regiment out, and after in
structing it in battalion formations di
vided it into two battalions. He then sent
scouts out on both nanks of the camp to
discover the best mode of attack. Gaugh
ran was In his tent and happened to spy
the scouts. He immediately surmised that
an attack was imminent. He ordered the
buglers to blow the assembly, and this
was followed quickly by the call "To
arms." The guards were drawn ln within
a few minutes. All the convalescents were
ordered to repulse the attack. Gaughran
assumed command of the squad of sev
enty men. After formation he deployed a
line of skirmishers, divided ln two sec
tions, consisting of two platoons in each
section. ,-,
Trt. Charles F. Roberts, sanitary super
intendent of the New York Health De
partment, ls In the city and paid a visit
to the local health office yesterday. Dr.
Roberts comes to the coast for pleasure
but will observe the system employed In
preventing the spread of disease in this
city. He has been connected with
Gotham's Health Department for thirty
three years.
E. N. Baxter, special agent for the To-
Eemite Stage and Turnpike Company, is
one of the late arrivals in San Francisco.
PERSO.VALS.
T J. Donovan has turned nurse. Every
night he calls on a lady friend in the vicinity
and holds the baby while discussing the pros
pects of another war in "the Orient.
' The noisy twelve In Company F are Ser
geant 'John Mullins. Corporal J. Twomey. W.
McGuire. B. Cullen, T. McCarthy, J. McGuln,
F. Geary. T. Killgallon. L. Roberts. H. Mc-
Gilcray. W. Driscoll and H. Moore. They keep
the camp awake nights. - • . - • . ¦ ,
The officers of the regiment will give a co
tillion in- the Pavilion to-morrow night.
Private Buckley has written tha following
lines to be sung to the tune of the popular
melody known as "Sue, Dear":
"Stew, stew, stew, I have had enough of you.
The only thing we can get to. eat is stew, stew.
\ stew. .
It ls strong enough to walk, It is loud enough
i to talk, \ .
With an ax you cannot separate the gravy.
It has whiskers like a billy goat.
And you cannot ram It down your throat.
If you ; throw some of this antiquated stew,
stew
Overboard, this stew will float.
CHORUS.
"This Is*, great stew, :
It only weighs a ton, too,
It is rough and It is tough
And It is old and gray.
More than one stew j >
Will be paralzyed for life, too,
From trying to eat that tough stew
. In the .same old way.".
'More pie' rings ln your ears,
And when Max shouts out 'the ple'a all gone'
. He Is met with a volley of jeers.
"How Deacon Jones did roll his eyes
When the watermelon came.
And when the Doc told him about stomach
aches
Said: 'Well, dls coon will be to blame.'
And then there's Dr. Toothache Doyle
Who roams about all night,
With a pair of tongs and saluting you
With, 'Good morning, | are your teeth all
right?'
And Dr. Morrlsey, who just arrived
With a car load of black pills.
Compelling the boys to swallow on» ,'
For any kind of ills."
Rev. Father J. J. Cullen arrived in camp thl3
afternoon and that popular priest's heart must
have been made glad by the enthusiastic re
ception he received from the Cadets. H« was
escorted from the train by Company D. Ho
brought Vincent Thomas, Arthur O'Connor and
Leo Murphy. Father Cullen ordered a cart
load of watermelons for Company D, and late
to-night the boys enjoyed a watermelon party.
The camp has two poets and both are striv
ing for the honors of "poet lariet." Lieuten
ant McCormlck. of D and M. J. Buckley of L
are the rivals. A contribution by McCormlck
In part as follows, has been received with ap
proval: . .
"Oh, such a time when the gang falls In
And we all line up to chew;
How the beans and the pancakes disappear
Along with a plate of stew.
It is then that the cry of 'bolo' ls heard
Lieutenant "William Beasley will be the
guest of .honor at a swell "feed" to be given
him to-morrow evening at the Palace Hotel
by. the members of the advance guard.
CTotes of the Camp.
commanded by Colonel McGloin and Drill
Master Gaughran.
"These views I have met with In the
Hast and are in part my own conclusions.
It was thirty years after Alaska was a
Territory before she received proper rec
ognition. I have been given to understand
that the natives of the islands do not fa
vor the- suggestion. This is largely a mat
ter of Eentiment, which I can readily un
derstand."
"I may say here that the idea of annex
ation of the islands to California was sug
gested to me in the East and has been
talked of for some time. There is strong
objection to giving statehood to Hawaii,
chiefly an account of the small proportion
of whites in the islands and also on ac
count of the distance between Hawaii and
the mainland. The Hawaiian Islands are
in such a position that they may at any
lime suffer from a move on the world's
political or commercial checker-board.
Remove the center of the world's com
merce from the Pacific Ocean and Hawaii
would soon be forgotten.
"If there is a movement for annexa
tion," said Dr. Jordan, "I did not originate
it. One day while I was talking with Mr.
Fitch he spoke of the possibility of duty
between Hawaii and the mainland, in
view of the recent decision of the United
States Supreme Court as to the status of
Territories, and I replied that I thought
the best and safest thing for Hawaii was
annexation to California.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, president of
Stanford University, in an interview hero
states that, though he was the first to
give in Honolulu expression to the opin
ion that Hawaii ought to be annexed to
California, he has no connection with the
movement to put the scheme into effect.
HONOLULU, H. T., July 9.— Politics in
Hawaii just now centers in the proposition
to annex the Territory to California. The
administration or "missionary" newspa-
Sers here declare that Circuit Judge
[umphreys, who is now in the States, en
tered into a political "conspiracy" with
others here to spring the proposition and
try to carry it in California and the
United States. The home-rulers appear to
be bitterly opposed to it and Humphreys
is accused of betraying them. The old
row has broken out again, with
Humphreys as the target of both the
"missionary" and many of the home rule
leaders.
MAKE CHARGES
OF CONSPIRACY
E Fenton. $2! 94; S. P. Morrison, 599 56; L.
Smlthson. $78 60; M. McCarthy. $o9 IS; H.
Byrne $24 80; M. Haussler, $1 So; J. P. Baloun,
tS5 50; L. B. Deal. $65 50.
P. T. Rllev was appointed a substitute
In the commercial department of Lincoln
School. ,
The demands of the following named
teachers for services rendered during the
month of November and December, 1S93.
were ordered paid out of the surplus fund
Of 1901:
Miss E. J. Williamson was assigned to
the Halght School during the leave of
Miss A. Nelson.
Mrs. T. T. Spencer, now a special teach
er in the commercial department of the
Lincoln Day School, was declared a reg
ular teacher. *
Miss M. A. Fay was assigned to the
Cooper School.
The appropriation of money to principals
for a petty repair fund was discontinued.
The resignation of Mrs. Rose Brelden
bach. nee Scheierd, of the Dudley Stone
School was accepted;
Miss Ellen Bartlett was appointed a
substitute in the cookery department.
Under a suspension of the rules the Bur
nett and the Fairmount schools were de
clared grammar schools. This change
was recommended by Superintendent
Webster one year ago.
George Bates was assigned to the Hum
boldt Evening High School, vice Charles
L. Turner, on leave.
On the recommendation of a majority
of the principals of the high schools
Fisher & Schwartz's "Elements of Alge
bra" was adopted for use in the high
schools.
Miss Helen Grace was assigned to the
Humtoldt Evening School.
Miss Pearl Hobart, from Emerson to Cooper;
Miss Matilda Nelson, from Starr King to Emer
eon; Miss H. Featherly, from Hancock to Sher
man; Miss J. A. Dwyer, from Sherman to Irv
ing: Miss A. A. Breese. from Irving to Starr
King; Miss A. TVettig, from Cooper to Long
fellow: Miss E. Foley. from Fremont to Fair
mount; Miss F. Quinlan, from Fairmount to
Fremont- Miss Carrie M. Mills, from Cooper to
Jean Parker; Miss A. E. Sutherland. from
Grant to Spring Valley; Miss E. R. Daniels,
from Spring Valley to Grant; Miss M. Stone,
from Longfellow to Humboldt, during leave of
Miss L. C. McN'ear.
The board abolished the French class in
the commercial department of the Lincoln
Evening School and Miss C. B. Labar
raque, the teacher of the class, was dis
missed. Miss Labarraque has the mis
fortune of being blind, but the affliction
has not militated against her complete
success as a teacher, says Superintendent
Webster.
Teachers in the department were trans
ferred as follows:
The Board of Education demonstrated
yesterday that it plays favorites In the
matter of applications for leaves of ab
sence. After rescinding the leave hereto
fore granted to Miss K. Hodgkinson,
denying a leave to A. J. Houston of the
Franklin Evening School and refusing to
extend a leave for one year to Miss R. L.
Ach the board went into secret session,
and agreed to gTant an extension until
August 4. 15W1, of the leave of Joseph
O'Connor,' principal of the Mission High
The reason ascribed for rescinding the
leave of Miss Hodgkinson was that the
lady had married in "Washington, D. G,
while on an Eastern trip and she nad not
stated that such was her intention when
she applied for tHe leave. Superintendent
Webster thought the rescission a remark
able proceeding and asked if it were done
under the marriage rule of the board. Mrs.
Kincaid replied that Miss Hodgkinson had
deceived the board and must suffer for It.
Miss Ach is now in Paris, studying medl-
Leaves of absence were granted to Miss
M. A. Roper, Miss A. Nelson, Miss Ida
Roberts and Mrs. Jeannette Wallace with
out right to return to a particular class.
Board Rescinds Leaves
of Absence of
Teachers.
•
Directors Decide on Many
Transfers in the De
. partment.
CHANGES MADE
IN THE SCHOOLS
TEACHERS' PAY
TIED UP AGAIN
Injunction Stops Auditor
Frorfi Approving
Demands.
Payment of Claims for Ser-
Delayed.
vices in 1898 Further
Some" of the protesting teachers waived
their objections and received their back
pay as per agreement, but ethers remained
obdurate, and the injunction was the re
sult.
A committee of teachers, headed by C
HI Murphy and "W. D. Kingsbury. waited
on Auditor "Wells and entered a protest
on behalf of those who were not willing
to sign the agreement. It appears that a
minority of the teachers are disinclined to
pay back the money to the merchants, and
Murphy and Kingsbury desired to lay
their plaint before the Auditor. The lat
ter, who is acting as a sort of peacemaker,
became angry when Murphy characterized
the proceedings as a "hold-up" of the
teachers. "Wells informed Murphy and
his associates that the money was legally
due the merchants, as after the teachers
had received their back salaries they will
have received an aggregate sum of $7000
above the city's indebtedness to them.
There was a steady stream of teachers
passing through the Auditor's office in
the morning, all of them signing agree
ments to pay back: the amounts they had
previously received from the funds to
which the merchants had waived claim a
year ago.
The injunction is the result of the action
of a minority of the teachers, who pro
tested yesterday against the agreement
between the merchants' creditors and the
teachers, •whereby the teachers were to
be assessed proportionately to reimburse
the merchants for their surrendered
claims. The injunction was applied for
by one of the merchants through his at
torney. Senator J. C. Siras. The writ was
made returnable July 19, but a postpone
ment ¦will probably be granted. Lloyd &
"Wood will represent Auditor "Wells.
A temporary injunction was granted by
Judge Dunne yesterday restraining Aud
itor Wells from approving teachers' de
mands for salaries for November and De
cember. 1S9S. The Auditor had already
authorized payment of claims to the
amount of 540,000 out of the $127,000 of 1S98
claims.
Gentlemen: In accordance with the rnemor
*r.Curr. elzned by you under date of May 21.
i:»Cl. under which the composition of the board
of directors of the Northern Pacific Railroad
to be elected at the nest annual meeting was
left In my hands, I beg leave to advise you of
r:y conclusions, as follows:
I nominate the following rentlemen as the
new members of the board to fill the vacan
cies to be created: James P. Hill, president
Great Northern: E. H. Harrima.n, chairman
of the executive committee of the Union Pa
cific Railway; TV. E. Rockefeller, director of
the Chicago. Milwaukee and St. Paul; J.
McK. Twombley. director of the Chicago and
Northwestern Railway: Samuel Rea, vice
president of the Pennsylvania Railroad.
1 would sursest that the attention of the
board be called to the advisability of arrang-
lns for these gentlemen to assume their duties
as directors of the company as soon as pos
sible without awaitlnjr the annual election.
It is my opinion that a board thus constituted
will contain within itself the elements best
adapted for the formulation of a plan referred
to ln said memorandum ln connection with
tTiliiani K. V&nderbilt, named therein as
referee. Every important interest will have
its representative, who will be brought into
cloce touch ¦with the situation as a whole, and
there Fhould be no difficulty ln reachlns a
conclusion that will be fair and Just to all
concerned and tend to the establishment of
permanent harmony among the different lines
To this end I 6hall be rlad to co-ouerate ln
puch manner as will seem desirable. I am.
gentlemen, very trul^\
J. PIERPONT MORGAN.
No statement as to the nature of tne
memorandum was made public and a
reference In the letter to William K.
Vanderbilt was not explained. At the of
fices of Kuhn. Loeb & Co. and J. P. Mor
ga.n & Co. it was said that the arranpe
ment indicated in the letter was mutually
satisfactory. Morgan's letter follows:
MORGAN NAMES
A DIRECTORATE
NETV TORK, July 17.— Offlcial announce
ment was made to-day by J. Pierpont
Morgan that he had selected James J.
Hill. E. II. Harriraan, William Rocke
feller, H. McK. Twombley and Samuel
Rea to fill vacancies to be created ln tBe
directorate of the Northern Pacific Rail
road. This announcement was made by
Morgan in a formal letter addressed by
him to J. P. Morgan & Co., Kuan, Loeb
& Co., E. H. Haxriman and J. J. Hill, ln
¦which he says he has selected five direct
ors to be elected at the next annual meet
ing of the company in accordance with a
memorandum signed on May 31, by which
the composition of the new board was to
be left in his hands.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, { i J.UIiY j 1 8, 1 90 J.
Camp Power's Garrison Scores a Hit in an Entertainment Given
in the Napa Opera-House for the Benefit of St. John's
Church in City Whose Hospitality the Campers Are Enjoying
CADETS DO VAUDEVILLE STUNTS
BEFORE A DELIGHTED AUDIENCE
11
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing- but
soap. The harm is done by-
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the fat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap?
Pears'.
Pears'
|^ "RIGHT BERE, DOCTOR,"
IjL J3 ¦¦ That's the place, right in the small of the back.
|*V It's>a dull ache,. sometimes a stinging "catch,"
_^ a "Q* 6 ** feeling," a burning pain. It exposes
I^\JL^ * the fact that you are in bad shape,
• . your strength has been overtaxed,
ibfflrivmx/ wSsSfe!**. your kldnevs are breaking down.
&'f/ir* Vlls fl$HnMm§^i. your .nerves are shaky, your bowels
M$[4F\ v^*^ gfffflWSSSV constipated. You need the help of
m f — lifre^t Dr - McLaughlin's
it ! JQil Electric Belt.
iKgf^ £^^^\ix{&4&&!£ztfir Mr. T. Harrison. Colma. Cal.. says:
tSu^ ¦ m« £jK ''RgJSS&r "My back waa very bad when I grot your
aft? . q -fitTrfc^l A Tl W^ ¦ B*! 1 - J' was 'weak *nd painful. The
wa~ i . tr / K*^r^ Belt has cured me, and I have not an
L ° B"*^«^aUH^TTRF fllPF I don't want any pay If I can't
%»w JL 3U vunL- cur e vou. That Is easy for you.
Bl*83ai!£S!^«ISlain?iN Pu t my Belt on when you go to bed and your
RltSiSSllHggSaaSlSSlrrSar P aln ls £° ne ln tne rnornins. It restores vigor
K*SSailSSSti8P'llav*€ of rnen, cures Varicocele, Indigestion. Consti-
llVlllskllllllla§£€f patlon, Kidney. Troubles. Rheumatism and all
fttilHlfltllailBlllpir pains and weakness or no pay.
¦sSflfiswflifi'ilH?? I take other belts in trade to show how much
BiaMvillilllS^afSl' better mine is. Call or send for my free book.
fifi»il^»IIl«llll TH) M f MrT AllfiHTIN 702 Market £t,
lllsl^lllllislll illCLAUUllLlil, cor. Geary, S. F.
if If fall illllll*! Ofl " Hoor8: 8 A ' M ' t0 8:30 p " x * Sand *7 s 10 10 L
f-?§M8«l/ lillfilli L0B Angeles Offlce - m Wei>t Second St.; S-attl*, MSTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, 7 JULY 18, 1901.
12
SAN .FUAXC1SCO CALL. j
DUFIXESS OFFICE or The S2n Francisco
Tali. ro,n»r c< Market end Third streets: open
until 1? o'dock •'very r.lpht la the year.
HHANCH OKFlCrrS— iTT Montgomery street,
corner Cl^y; c;;rn u«t : l 9:30 p. m.
200 Hayc* hUret: Open until 9:30 p. m. i
CV MoAI'.iFior f-trect; np?n until «:30 p. rn. \
61.'. Larkin street: open unUl 3:20 p. m.
IM1 Mifsicn street : nr*n until 10 p. m.
SMI Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: cpsn
until S p. m.
IOC Eleventh rtreot: cpen until 9 P. tn.
3C?6 Va!cncia ftrcct ; op«n until 9 P- m-
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ttnets: oppn ur.tll 9 p. m.
;ICO r-l'.rnni-e street: op>n until 9 p. rg.
MEETING XOTICKS.
A KEGVLAR mwtins of Verba Buena \
IjcxIiz* of Perfection No. 1. A. and A. rf .
Seottirh Rite of Freemasonry, will be ft J
held in Conimarulery Hall. Masonic JQ* 1
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. **f;* |
July 1R 1901. «t S o'clock shan>. Degree Htn. ;
HENRY BVRNKR. Secretary, j
MISSION Chanter No. 73. R. A. M-— jC i
Stated meetinrr THIS (THUnSDA*) ,1 \,
KVEN1NG. T:30 ' o 1 cluck. Business. t\./- ¦
iloyal Anh desrrre. Hy orifr of the ;
II. P. JOHN It. HILLMAN. Sjcrctary. j
CALIFORNIA l^odce No. I. F. and A. m
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) i\^
nVENlXG. July IS. at 7:30 ©"clock. Tt3\
Third decree. By ordT of the Master. '
FRANKLIN' H. DAY. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 114. F. and A. M. •
— Officers and member? will assemble at t
the Masonic Temple THURSDAY. July lS3<
IS at 1 o'clock p. m.. to attend the fun- j
eral of SILVESTER TRULL, late of Colum- I
Wan Lodgp. F. and A. M.. Massachusetts.
Sen-ice IS residence, S3S Clayton fit.
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 1M. F. end A. M. m
—Special nweting THIS (THURSDAY) «J\_
EVENING at 7 o'clock. Third degree. JkJ\
Master Masons cordially Invited. Byf v'
order oi the W. M.
FREH3ERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212. F. n
an<J A. M.. mwts THIS (THURSDAY) *\^
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First de- >S. J?
rree. By order <jf the Uat=ter. /^V>
E. C. HARE:. Secretary.
DOrtlC Lodge No. 216.'«$. nnd A. M.— m
Fpeoial weetlrg THIS (THURSDAY) -J\ m \
EVCKTICO. »t 7:30 o'clock. First de- \C Jt
sree. Mk'oiis are irvited. Hy order of '^y • ¦
ths Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 179. I. O. J*tfAZfi& j
O. F.-lniti«ticn THIS (THURS- 3£*f$S '
DAY) EVBKHCG. Visitors wel-
¦ come. FRANK R. WEBB. N. G. '*" w
E.*F. mSWELL. R. S.
MEMBERS of the Brotherhood of yrfTjv !
Teamstc-rs aif requested to attend /Sb§^ i
the next regular meetlne. THI'RS- C^r*b-riJ 1
DAY EVENING. July IS, at Turk- "
»treet Temple. 117 Turk ft. Business v *-*^ j
of Importance. JOHN MCLAUGHLIN. I
Secretary. ;
REGTTLAR meeting *»f the Caledon- v «Ts,
Ian Club FRIDAY EVENING at 8 %&\U
o'clock. Open meeting for friends Tj^Xlkr :
at 8:80. Gnod pmcramm?. All ln- 1
vited. Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin sL
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief. ?
JAMES II. DUNCAN. Secretary. I
ANNUAL meeting— Tho Rlsdon Iron and L-jco- !
motive WorkF— The annual meeting of the I
stockholders of ths Riedon Iron and Locorao- |
tive Works for the e'ection of trustees for the i
ensuing year and the transaction of such
other bufinrers as may he brought before the .
meeting will be hell at the office. of the com- |
puny, southeast corner of Beale and Howard
rts.. S*n Frandscj. en MONDAY, the 5tli |
day of August, 1S01, at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary. !
ANNUAL meeting.— Regular annual meeting of j
the stockholders of the Spreckels Sugar Co. ]
¦will be held at the office of the company. 327 j
Market st.. San Francisco, en MONDAY, the j
t9'h day of Julj* at the hour of 11 a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. The transfer books will ..
close en Friday. July 28. 1201. at 3. p. m.
W. H. HANNAH. Secretary
AGEXTS WASTED. ;
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur- !
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bids, j
SCALP and face massage agents. MADAM
RUGG. 11S3 Market St.. between 7th and sth.
ADOPTION.'
INFANTS adopted into good homes. MRS.
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Aiameda. j
ASPHALTCM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: prFtal. 1136 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607. |
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. j
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy: col- j
lections; attachments: mortgages; bills of sale:
partnerships': de«ie: will? drawn; fees low.open I
eve's. TIIURSTON. 100S»2 Mkt.. r. 4. op. Sth. ]
ADVICE tret?: civorce law a specialty; private; |
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge" unless successful. J. .
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister bt.. rooms 2S-29.
ADVICE free: nn charge unless successful. W. j
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market Et. opp. Ma<«on. I
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bids:.. 917 Mar- j
ket Ft : conF-jltation fre*: no fees in advance. '
nOAKUIXG FOU CHILDRBX.
WANTED — Hcn.e for I children; also room for '
parents. 611 Central av., Alameda; C. Mellin. ( :
WIDOW rrith cwn home near school wishes
children; reasonable. 4C23 25th. nr. Sanchez.
£ OR 3 children to hoard, week cr month; b«.»t i
care:«jnny yard -nr.Echor>l:reascTiableJ607 Cal. .1
BOOKS — IKW A.\n OIJJ. i
BSoKS^r^veryndnTAought^ Tel. "iKeTlsHs. i
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-70S ilission st.
KISIXKSS CHANCES.
A— $600; SALOON, ett. many years in choicest
business part of this city; low rent; Investi-
gate at once and you will find a first-class
paying business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^i
Kearny j>t.
A— J1000; GENERAL merchandise store, with
coal and hay yard, across the bay; estab.
many years and doln;? a splendid business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C>,i Kearny EC
A— $300: SALOON, with 4 furnished rooms. 4th
and Market st?.; net rent $22: rare chance:
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A— $700: COFFEE saloon and restaurant, near
Call building, clearing $1M per month; rare
chance. It. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A— *2800: STATIONERY, dry goods and Yankee
notions with laur.dry route and route of all
6. F. dallies, across the bay, or will sell pa-
per and laur.dry routes for J1M0. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 2(il£ Kearny Et. .
A— $1500: HALF-INTEREST, saloon on Kearny
et., clearing $200 per month; lease: rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE/ 26>4 Kearny st. j
A— J1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block south of Market St.; aally receipts from
J90 up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
¦chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $550; SALOON with 36 furnished rooms; $350
cash, balance on time; rent $G0; located
Fourth st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
DRUG store, downtown; fine location; 'big
money-maker; legitimate reason for Belling.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S3S Market st.
100 CIGAR stands. 200 candy stores. 300 g'ro- '
cenes and bars. 400 saloons. 500 bakeries, COO
stores cf »I1 kinds; hundreds of businesses to ;
choose from; call in and see what we can •
offer. WALTKR HAYES & CO, 83S Market. ;
J22S— BRANCH bakery ana variety store; fam-
Hy rooms. McLAUGHLIX & CO.. 77714 Mar- '
ket 6t. ; established 2il years.
$125— FHUIT store; barsaili this day. Me- i
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777'i. Market st. j
IF you want to buy or pell your business call
at the JJorton Business Agency; we have first- j
class lodging-hou^s. groceries, stores, etc.. at
Kreat chances. 1010 Market, opp. Fifth. Me- '
BRIDE & CO. i
YOU can be suitf^l in any kind of business by
calling at office. ¦ ¦
O. W. S'HU'EIXHAnn. 917 Market Bt.. near ¦
_Flfth. Phone Mint 1311. ' . 1
WANTED — An honest ana sober partner with j
J3CC0 in an optical business; must either be !
an optician or be able to attend to corre- j
sponding. etc.; cash receipts about $1500 to '<
t2C*fl J>er month. Address GEORGE MAY- j
ERLE, German Exi>ert Optician, 1071 H Mar- I
ket ft/. San Francisco. >,
A— GROCERY and bar; no better money-mak-
ing place in city: fine cash trade; trial given
before buying; owner wants to retire after
several years In business; gilt-edge chance; a
safe investment. ZZS Pine St.. ground floor.
NOTE — A oorner saloon in a Rood location for
sale at a bargain, including: building and fix-
tures. 400 Tov/nsend st. : no agents.
DRYGOOPS store sacrificed : cheap rent; living
rooms.. Box 2932. Call office. ¦:¦ -
$300— PARTNER In dyeing and cleaning. 1451 '
• Point Lo)>os ave. '* •
WANTED— To rent my coffee house to an able
party. CIS Clay at.
MM ALL paying business wanted ln Oakland.
Box 2274. Call offlce. Oakland. "
$7."/t— P.ESTAURANT In factor}' district: bar-
Caln on account of departure. Box 4455 Call.
BUSINESS CHAXCES—-Contjlnnert.
~
FOR sale—Hotel of 50 rooms; close proximity to
«-n FrancVco; newly refitted and renovated;
rent IMS p«r n:onth; lease to suit tenant: city
of coco 1-ibabltant?- only commercial hotel ln
the cltv'and making money every month tn
ih» vear Inquire a* office of RAILWAY
HAND BOOK PUBUSHIKG COMPANY. 20
Muntgcmcry st.. San Wandsco. .__
$1000— OLH-ESTAIiLlStlKD stationery bazaar.
EChoct sui<'»lies and' candlos; sunny living
S?!£S l° ea^ rkolt: y ne no SSSfi
ICV- V°3 n,OJ S
yg.13.CnM ofCce.
MILL1XERY Etorc ior solo In the thriving
£§i§ liESi
binatlon: best in town; good business; must
•sell account slcUnera. J. L. FAUSSETT.
Lompoe. CaL
FlR^F-CLASS location for experienced hox-
ness-maker to open store; no opposition.
Inquire at -.00 mirnore st.
P^AcT^mu^o^^^ay:
DMVil«\ta»™pZrle^r!MGea?y.".rVom
5. bet. S a. m. and 1 p. m. |
FOR sale—Small oyster stand- a bargain Call I
S a. m. to 4 p. m.. 4IS',j I*rkln Ft. ;
partner with a s^all capital in
a saloon. 624 Seventh Et. ¦
LADY partner; small capital required; estab-
llshed business. Box 2914, Call office.
sToo-SACRIFICE: needs monev: nine lots: near
San Mateo carhouse. Box 3798. Call offlce.
WHO wants to Join Fastern parties In a part-
nership? lOOSli Market Et.. room 4.
»
*A*».rc«- .r.^.^F-c cc
LODGI^G-KOCSLS I-Oil SALb.
H. C. DECKER
1020 Market st, opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 796.
26 years in Business in This City
QfYers for gaj e and Exchange
gra^^Ti^^S'tJS^SS
40 flats. 3 to 12 rooms $§0 to '750
fr^r%\ en^^^^^^. SU°iorlZ
20 hotels. 40 to 200 rooms. ?1000 to 8.000
<0 grocery stores 5400 to 6.000
20 candy stores. $300 to ,1,200
40 saloons. $100 to 6.000
10 cigar stores. $300 to.................... 1.000
IfOO otner i>us*inesses, an Kinas. yi'.u to., ju.ouu
100 vaCHiit lots. $25 to 8.O0O
75 houses and'lots, everywhere. $600 to.. 50.000
L1!a^SS^^^§Myfi
..To Buy. Sell or Exchange Anything Catl..
I can suit you. H. CHECKER. 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO.. .
S0^o IS?WSLfl. tOS2?. ik.has.
If you have hot#l. rooming-house or business
to rcll lift with u*. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains
6! rm*.; rent $131; good fur., carpets $32oO
4S rms.: rent $150: perm., transient 2400
nn\^ O !pe ar^ etinTrraniren^:::-ToS
MONEY loaned on deterred payments; 1V» p. c.
1« rms • rent *65 pri board: good fur $1000
10 rms.;' rent j:.2 50: fur. carpts & loc. good. 4C0
6 OvVr:^ n iou' 8e9n^t^ rd C^ d be^rV-bu yin? g 5
WINSTON & WOLF.
t 1 *,„„!» =.« ->Vi, warK" Bl"
- rw™.- r«.w n at" «„;«: ei'mw S16',
26 rooms; good corner; part cash 500
42 rooms: rent $10^; payments 100
55 rooms; rent $1CO: paying house 2100
" . BUYERS,
Tmi m«v buv any roominE-hou«e ln
ihi ritv .ndTv ftffT
the cit>. and pay for it
from thP nrcfits •
of the house
Vacant house, furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
r. Tg»-T> f r^n o- xtarM- rhnn> FnUnm iv»
rj SHtoR*^"H-3i^, et'P|L 0°eSi! omJSfto
rooms; price.... $..OCC 42 rooms pr ce....$3300
-Hr^ms:T 1a1Td SomeTr;nt ro^r^oTprlce:i?o? 0
22 rooms; elegant: rent only S63; Price....$1500
We have over SCO more, any location, kind
or prite. at bargains and hurried sales.
A WELCOME, to all Epworth Leaguers."
MARION GRIFFIN
719 Maiket St.. by Call Bldg.: tel. Black ISM;
restaurants, delicatessens, stores of all kinds;
ra lodging house,. Call at offlce for list.
THE largest and ,best list of lodging-houses
aau hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
Phone Mint 1911.
¦ ~—
A—WANTED at once, tenants for new rooming
house; 00 to 100 rooms. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st.
r~s^,T\ ii i,».,c»- in. f^nt- n Mr
Xess^sicc)!££ 3sST Call ofnw
\ an r»eS£, £SOX »^ail Oince.
--^o-HQ^" ~* —¦
¦
SrillITUALISM.
™ .
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun.. Tues. Fri.. 8 p. m.. 50c: you can speak
to vour spirit friends face to face and recog-
nize them: rive names; has received medals
from many countries; taken last world's
record medal at Paris Fair. lOSt Bush; tel.
'273 Larkin%t. -
. : ¦ .
MRS. J. -T. WHITNEY-
Trance, business medium: life reader: exam-
Ines ore: oil locations; medical clairvoyant:
treats, cures Flck: cancer removed without
. use of knife. 1161 O Farrell. nr. Gough: Ellis-
st. car; clt.. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED bmlnenj-MRS DR. FARNHAM.
the world-renowned spiritual mMIum: advice
SJ&MSSS: t°h f e i^rat^dTmln-lnl^0^:
rlaltv; circles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve.; letters
answered. Residence (no signs). 38 McAllister.
BROCKW/Y hclds proof positive
test seance Sun. and Thurs.. S p. m.: admlF-
eicn "5^- developing class.Tues.. 8 p. m.; pil-
vate readings d.y. SalisUt-y, 209 Hyde, c. Edy.
GRAND benefit materializing seance for Mrs.
V EomTn^° rw1n krece^
50c mln i0S4"Bu Sh eCsr e g P ' P ' '
' " TT T. 7. T7I
1 Arnold' Dlc-un'
photoH dailj ; farewell 24th. Arnold DicKson,
; 14S Sixth. . .
;.t>o rnppuipnT'g or.i^t,, Qi to,» „...,¦¦-,
Mffi-^SK^i.^Sl^S!rv£
BHrSLATERlc'cles C5c; Sun.. Mon. Frl.
fves., R:la: "«>d. aft., 2:43; sit. 10 to 4 except
Sat. & Sun. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
. ——
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 6C5 McAllister; 10c: come, skeptics.
MRS. VIGAIVS test meeting to-night. 10c; also
Friday. 8 p. m. 113 Sixth St.. room 32/
- ' —;
MR?. LESTER. 14S Sixth, room 12; circle to-
night. 10c; truthful readings dally. i.0c and $1.
™v'ATjr» PiTjrTT v>* Flll.t-Rpa.Hncs dailv
ED\>ARD EARLE. 3.8; Ellis-Readings dally.
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
MRS HUBB\RD 109 Oak; dr. Tues.. Frl.. 8
n m • Wed.. 2:30 p. m.lOc;readings daIly,50c.
. p- : _: ! !
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
M»v»r: sittings dally: te«t to all to-night. 10c.
¦
CLAIRVOYAXTS
...*.,*
: rCv'Ti^Tnri
MME. M. BER ™g D F.MOI,g .
T.titj ±>aail»l.s
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at Ii Third st. next Examiner bldjr She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
Fcrlptlon of the past, reveals the present hap-
peninga and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in troube discontented, un-
happy or not fatisflc-d ln.me. or have domes-
!&!Sm2nd bU y^ ew^^
them. Valuable »dvlce ln all affairs of life;
25C up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
A—LINCOLN CLAIRVOYANT AND
He your H n I a1n H e. P c So^,?, Ioy desire, hopes.
avoid had luck and how to make yourself
lucky: reunites the separated: makes harmony
In your horns: gives accurate advice on all
busies affairs; investments, mining, oil; read-
ing s by mall: send stamp for terms. 125 Turk.
KNOW YOUR FUTURE.
Mme. Montazue, clain-oyant and palmist.
gives advice in all affairs of life; gives
a^'^^^oS^a^SS^I?
wered us Tu'rU st flat I
wereo.. ii» xunt st.. nai i.
WHY. if some people only knew they could be
benefited by my wonderful occult power what
rlcht MRS DR. VALIFV 15"3U Market «t
rignt. aik^. uii. vau^. l&.3^ Market st.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
__vUh__c___n___D___^^
4|5!?S?SSi«i^
orwif^6^
g AJ5. n &^sag^aazs£W.'
KKOW your fate: Mme. Richards, astrological
ffll?V?n«^"l%l^te^ dir SSr 1IW?
tans, ana we. i.w Mission st., cor. 8th.
MME. SANDERS. 127 Mason, medium: teaches
V^™£ tw^^^RK^VFnxft
' q y ' * ' r a ' u to "•
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
CulrprVva^Sings aalTy^o" 18 ™ 1"^^ m"
: — 1
MME. LA ROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
, test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor.6th.
Mrs. Mallory, clairvoyant card reader: when oth-
ers fall consult me; L. 2Jc. G. 50c. 917 Howard.
CT, MR VO > V » vr<—Cn«tln»i«»rt.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil—second sight;
diagnoses disease with life readlnc: ladies 50c;
gents-$l; palm, and clatr. s>t.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
— ¦— —
MME. CARLSON, medium and astrologist:
horoscopes cast; lessons given, COc; hours 11
, to 1 and 4 to G. 148 Sixth St.. room 22.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles 25c. gents 50c. 132 Sixth st. . ;
M WIIT p t . _„_ „,„, ,.,„,.__* mertinrr
?ffi£KStB P^ S$$&££X£®
»n a ..rrviTi 1.LmS.^tri
WardfM6
leader. 11. Sth.German spoken;tel.Howaid ]S46:
™^«^^,;«
'^jfs^^sssj^&se
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. S Fourth st.
"
CAjnLPBTJBaA^S^JlIttOJCLBA^IXG.
WHEN become dlspusted with poor work
wai SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
T ' "• Co '= e Si^l
RUDOLPH & CO carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1.C3 Harrison; tel. Mission JH.
CON*KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
™ Golden Gate ave.; telephone Last 1.6.
AgjTAKgQ g&&*®^V£$g£i
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. .rTOpnetor._
CITY Steam C"pet-beaVng Works G H.
STE1ENS, Mgr.. 35-40 Sth St.. tei. aoutn .j».
J- E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and .Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission ii.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest:rate.J 8TRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st. telepnone jessie a^.
,
• CHIROPODISTS.
.
JNGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warte. chll-
'blalns: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415, Sutter.
——»
~ rtT _ ,,r^inv nvvirPK
\j\3LtltmidKj I iu.i up r *\>C3.
t^^^^'t^\tTZJ.
Gfe?sR^cc^sfu:,EL^onS/3foen^MLl h e a trir n-
COTTAGES TO LET.
¦ ——¦—-
WOLFE. 8-4 rooms; rent $8 50. Key No. 12,
next door. .
m^"1^^^^^^^1^^^—^^^^^^
" I)F\TISTS '
.„„.. "
AkU^E^CT4^^
have y'our extractions done painlessly: teeth
w Ithout plates our ra 8Pf(Pn| lt 5: ee c°'d co c u r °wn?l
f^ln^T'T^t^lffm^uai&i^i
n.m.-J.W.THATCHKR.M. P.. Manage,
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; .extractions or fillings by my-
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
GE°RGE W" LEEK" 2° °'Farre" St"
A-NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl.
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 60; fillings.
Me; plates. JS^full set; all work painless and
"TTp Tl7o Tpd^y si -Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
DR. II. G. TRUMAN, dentist; third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 23c.
. ,: rATOr-ciRv n .ro.,i.,n, p aln
DR R. L.WALSK.S15H Gearj-.nr.Larkln-Paln-
less extract on 50c: plates $a up;phonePolklU5.
LOWEST prices In S F Painless extraction
50c ¦ N Y DenUsts 969 Mission st COT 6th
ooc. r\. \. uentists. Jbj Mission si., cor, otn.
VAN VROOM-"Palnless"; evenings and Sun-
da y3- 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without Dlate DR H G
yoUNG »41 PoTkT ¦
u ——
: nPTvrTivp irPvrir(i
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
mate detective business; divorce cases po.i-
tiveiy rer used. Emma sprecke is bnlidin,,,
rooms d.j-d.4. aan francisco. tei. houtn 6*1^
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
-™_™~™ r?":;~: r™T
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEOx pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
.'
EDUCATIONAL.
—
ATRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing. bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com' 'law.
penmanship, etc.: experienced teachers; new
typewriters; positions secured; catalogue free.
CAT T APHFR marsh Pn,i >f> p 77T^
tiALLAOHhR-MARSH College, ParrOtt bldg.
SfS^lKfiii
. U h cYl th b a ookkee e p P ing full
¦ "cal P°t"^eepmB. iuu course. »ou. catalogue.
A—THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan^or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AnTTXTr »w..ti™. cn^la»i .. w n ?> g h i
ACTING elocution specialties; Hallett School.
*f?H iated w. a^ a ??n a% eec ViTin?
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
.ri-DDTt t «n t t!-t« /-. .. o. _.. ~ .
p^Uclx'b^^evinl^oo^iO-ih Pa?'-
¦ ln*| ct\c^div°dua? lnftruct?on* <catalogue
biag.. individual instruction, catalogue.
KNGINEERIXG-Civil. elec.mining. mech.,Fur-
vey. nssay. cjanide: day, eve.: est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis'bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
c-sco Business College. 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY—Perfecting beginners: business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
High school students—Weekly Geometry Papers
make home study easy; circulars. 3040 16th.
ARITHMETIC. fr^eping. grammar, writing.
' etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, jir. 6th.
MARY P. Westhaus. piano, mandolin, guitar
logons. 50c: piano for practice. 39 Fifth ,t.
HEALD'S Ru<?ine<iq roll("»(» 24 Pn^t Rt «? F •
80-&I' catalogue fre^. F> '
; 2
MEDICAL hypnotism taught to students of
both sexes; chronic functional nervous dis-
eases and habits cured. Suite 5, 141 Powell.
ZZ^^^E^^^EZl
Electric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion. nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
r>rs K & K's Electric Sanitarium 8 Maqon
. *w. « iv. » etne -annanum. b mason^
~ EMPLOYMENT OFKICESr"
;T^7^^^T^rT:^^rT2nr7^Tn~^T"
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks waiters and house servants. GEO.
AO*\.I & CO.. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 13a.
Pmninvmmt r>ffl<-A—Tarmnooo ohi
nesehelD 426 Powell nr Sutter- tel Black Vo72
nese Help. 4^b foweu.nr.tautter. temiaclc oQ7Z.
CHINESE and Japanese employment offlce-
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
TTt^.T^. T zrz ;
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
¦
EMPLOYMENT WASTED—FEMALE.
~~~v~-^~^w^«-^ ~~~>~^~^^>^w^w»«.
A MOTHER and daughter want positions to-
gether in the city; cook and second girl. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
; _^
A FIRST-CLASS second Birl wants a situation;
best of references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
, : _!
a FIRST-CLASS pastry cook desires a position
m a firST-class hotel; has best of references.
Appiy
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
YOUNG lady. Just arrived from East, wisl^s
situation at chamber work or care of chll-
dren; will help them with their studies. Box
' ' '.
V^^N^h^S«nr^^?«^Sta"iS
-—— — j "
ELDERLY Protestant woman wants house-
work ln small family; can do plain cooking
and is 5ood laundress; wages $15. Box 3851.,
Call offlce. ¦ • ,.
WORTHY, refined Eastern woman, elderly, de-
sires position; is good housekeeper; fond of
children; has references; no postals. Call 2C3
StCVenSOn *•• r0°m- 7-
A YOUNG woman with a small child wants
_ g nougekeeper; clty or country; best of
references. Box 3976, Call office.-.
¦ :
Sfi 5'-7r-°a
¦ ——^——_—___^^
WANTED_By competent ladies' nurse, any
kind of nursing; good housekeeper; terms rea-
sensible. Address 630 Van Ness ave.
___N_.9_a____ ¦', , , . ¦'
T^Sf^ i vSt^n^aS,.r aUr:- rCfer-
A GERMAN woman with.a girl of 7 .wishes
g-
3S2D. Call offlce.
A THOROUGH fitter and trimmer on ladles'
t«LilorIn»r and house suits wishes enga-e-
ments; $1 £0 per day. 244 Taylor st ¦¦•
YOUNG lady having considerable clerical ex-
perience desires position in offlce: can assiet
on books. . Box 2978, Qp.U offlce. -. :
WINCHESTER-House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket—200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night;. *1 50 to
J6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. * "
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
XV AX TEP— M ALE.
A RELIABLE man and wish to take
charge and do the work In a small place In
the country or stock ranch ; good references.
Address. T. D., 1519 Howard -St.- .
SITUATION by a sober young German; stranger
In city; 8 years' ..experience in wine and
liquor; is willing to work at anything. G.
T.. Call branch office," 106 Eleventh st.
WANTED— By a young man of experience, po-
sition in slaughter house; good references.
Box SS1S, Call office.
'SITUATION wanted by a reliable man as
watchman. Address GUS REIMERS. 120
Howard St. - • ' . . .
WANTED— By middle-aged man, watchman,
elevator or any light work; can give best of
references; small wages. Box SS23, Call.
BTEADT, sober man, about ' 50, wants work
about private place; can milk, care for horses
and garden, etc. Box 3977, Call.
A SCANDINAVIAN surveyor would like a Job
with a surveying party. Box 3970. Call.
GOOD cook wishes work in private family. Call
420 Minna st. J>.
MIDDLE-AGED French gardener wishes eitu-
ntlon in private- family; speaks French and
German, but not much English: worked 20
years .at Purls nnd 5 months in this country.
Address ERNEST EOEGEL, 212 San Pablo
nve.. Oakland.
A /GARDENER, flrst-class. wishes position on a
large private place; city or country; com-
petent to take full charge; references. Pleas*
addres3 Gardener, 711 California St., city.
WANTED — Position by a first-class coachman;
thorough horseman and good all-around man;
also good gardener; best of references given.
Box 3S05. Call office. .;
MAN and wife, experienced waiters, desire em-
ployment; country hotel or resort. Address
box 3S2S, Call'offlce.
GOOD harnessmaker wishes position in shop
or livery stable. Address 237 Minna at.
CHR. BILLKR.
BUTCHER wants position In some wholesale
' place to drive wagon or some other work.
Write to C. W. F., 1709 Leavenworth st.
WANTED — Permanent position by a middle-
ap;ed man, stranger in city; steady and reli-
able and of fair f' 'cation. Box 4498. Call.
BUTCHER, single.* German born, good experi-
ence, wishes position; city or country. Ad-
dress Butcher, 4S5 Pine St.
YOUNG man wishes to hear of a position in
grocery store or 6aloon: city experience; flrst-
cla&s reference. Box 3933. Call offlca.
WANTED — Position by flrst-class American
cook in private family or camp; good refer-
ence. Address box 3930, Call office.
YOUNG 'man experienced in general office
work would like situation. Address, box
3926, Call office. . .
GOOD Japanese couple want places; man as
cook, wife nurse and housework; both speak
English. 358 Jessie St.; tel. Howard 2346.
GOOD Japanese man wants place to do house-
work; speaks English. 338 Jessie St.; tel.
Howard 2246. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia St.-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows and mattresses steamed;
renovated. E. J. O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
st. : phone Capp 26S2.
FLATS TO LET.
$37 50 — UPPER flat on Larkln, between Jackson
and Pacific, 7 rooms, etc.; brand new; light
and sunny; never yet occupied.
$32 CO for lower 7' rooms and $40 for upper
9 rooms, on Flllmore. St., between Green and
Union; both flats light and sunny and brand
new. LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
HOUSES, COTTAGES. FLATS TO LET.
1125 Lea v'wth; h.,8r.$52 921 Buchanan; f. 6r.$30
2118 Central av. h lOr 50 1C1S Bush: f. 9 r 30
1178 Ellis; f. ST...'.. 45 2427 Sutter; c. 6 r 22
1521 O'Farrell; f. 7 r. 37 418 Clayton: f. 5 r.. 21
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market et.
PINE,>2132— 6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Inquire of owner,
2134 Pine St.
LOWER flat. 3725 Twenty-third St.; 5 rooms
and bath; $15.
A SUNNY corner flat. 7 rooms, bath; central.
1521 O'Farrell, near Laguna.
TO let— 4 rooms,; $10. 247 Shipley st.
A FINE flat of 5 rooms and bath at 45S5
Eighteenth Et. : fine view.
NEW 6-room flat; faces park. D4 Partola st.,-
off Waller, west of'Stelner. '
FLATS TO LET— FURSISHED.
CORNER flat, 7' rooms, bath, piano. 2543 Mc-
AlHster. MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market.
FLATS WASTED. -
WANTED— Near the park or in desirable part
of Mission, below Twentieth st., furnished
flat of 7 rooms and bath by family of adults:
. rent reasonable. Address Immediately box
4457, Call offtce. . . .
WANTED— Unfurnished flat of 7 or 8 rooms. and
bath, near Park; rent not over $30; on long
term. Address box 3317. Call office. .
FURMTURE FOR SALE.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48"50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. lft7-1131 Market.
FINE furniture of 6 'rooms for sale; house for
rent very cheap. Inquire 2627 Pine st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market — Buys furniture.
merchandise, etc.; pl^one Jessie 2071. -
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
j pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st. f ,
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st.. pays highest
prico for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 clove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
AT V cTir"ilANSEN^& CO.'S. . '. ... ..104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT „..
Waitresses, chambermaids to . wait, fancy
Ironers, oooks, starchers, polishers, shakers
out and assist on mangle, city and country;
highest wages paid.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl, choice place, Oakland, $20, see
party here; cook, city, $30: many chpice places
on hand, as well as orders coming In daily for
. housegirls, cooks, second girls, nursegirls,
i city and country, at going wages.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
EASTERN girls wanted to work for private
families and hotels.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO .'..104 Geary st
MRS. M. E. DAY...: Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, country, fare paid; 5 wait-
resses, large commercial hotel, $22 5o, see
party here; 12 waitresses, different resorts,
$20 and $25; 18 waitresses, city and country,
$20; restaurant waitress, $30; lunch waitress,
73c; chambermaid, country, $20; 3 chamber-
maids to wait, $20. V
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
Cook. $30; second, $25, American family; cook,
Santa Cruz, $25, see lady bere; many others.
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Laundress, family work, $30; cash-
. icr for - restaurant, experience in restaurant
required, $7 a week; 4 second girls, city and
. country, $20 and $25; 2 nurses, $20; 16 wait-
resses, city and country, hotels and springs,
$20 and $25 and fare paid; girls for house-
work — for Fruit vale $25, Stockton $30; cham-
bermaid, $7 50 a week, sleep home; cook, $30,
see party at 11 o'clock, for country; 40 girls
. for seneral housework, city and country.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
COOK for Alameda, $30; 3 cooks for city... .$30
8 housework girls..'....'. $25
4 housework girls, country $25
' 5 second girls .: $20
20 young girls, to assist $20
MISS HORGAN'S 323 Sutter st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist at housework;
sleep home. Apply 123 Collingwood St., near
Eighteenth. . . . -,
I GIRL to assist -with light housework and chil-
dren, to so ( short distance in country. Call
1 ' 1613 Scott St., near Sutter.
• A YOUNG girl to take care of child and assist
with housework: German preferred. 111^4
Webster st. . -
I WANTED— Neat girl; . general housework:
must understand, cooking 7 small family. 3003
! Jackson St.- . v
WANTED— Girl who' wants good home and do
1 light- housework. Call at 503 Lyon st. Friday
I morning. • ¦•¦¦¦._- ¦ ¦ ' ' ¦
.WANTED— Girl who wants good home to do
| light housework; $10 per month. Call at 408
1 Tehama. st. (stable).:
WANTED — An experienced nurse girl . for
grown child;- must be good sewer. Apply
. 13S2. Geary et. . " • 4
" WOMAN '.for short distance In the country .to
wa!t N on table, assist in light work; no»ob°
I.; Jection to a child. 159 Minna st. .-.; ; 0
WANTED — Machine /handa. Apply GOLD-
j - STEIN & CO. ,733 Market st. , '. , ¦ ,
HELP WASTED— FEMALE — Con.
WOMAN or girl for clerical ¦work. to be done
at home; must live near Powell and Market
sts. Box 3900. Call office.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED— A lady to attend an Invalid who
. has difficulty in walking; must be strong, tall
and. a good reader; please state references
and terms to H.. box 3S27. Call offlce.
OPERATORS on shirts and overalls; Inexperi-
enced instructed. liEYNEMANN & CO., 410
Mission st.
YOUNG girl -wanted for light housework; Ger-
¦ man preferred. Call 1207% Scott St.; sieep
home.
EXPERIENCED operators and learners: also
young girls to sew on buttons. G. W. REY-
NOLDS, 597 Mission St., corner Second.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing: wages 520. Call 8 to 12 a. m./slZ Brod-
erick st. . ¦
WANTED-rErrand girl. Apply GQLDSTEIN
& CO., 733 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS Jacket and skirt hands; steady
work. K. MESSAQER. 145 Post Bt. __
TWO girls to fold paper boxes. 16 Fremont
street.
TOUNG srirl for chamberwork and care of 4-
year-old boy; $10. 3022 Clay Bt.
WANTED— An experienced nurse girl. 2344
Mission st. . . ¦
EXPERIENCED saleslady -wanted in fancy
and .dry goods store. 1400 Stockton st.
WANTED— Hairdresser and apprentice. 1036
Market st.
GIRL to take care of 2 children. Apply 2S66
Sacramento St.
WANTED— A young girl for general housework
In small family. 1105 Gough st. . .
6 GOOD tailoresses; custom coats: steady work.
COItN'S. 956 Washington st, Oakland.
WANTED— A girl to assist In light housework.
Apply 3037 Washington st.
GIRL for cooking and housework, $16 a month.
1117 Van Ness ave.
WANTED— A girl to do cooking; wages $25.
Call from 10 to 12 at 601 Stelner st.
A GIRL for general housework: small family;
cooking'; wages $15. I21fi*i Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— Mature woman as traveling man-
ager for established business. Box 3S31 Call.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 p. m. this evening. y*v
FINISHER wanted on custom coats. E3S Na-
torna st.; steady work; good pay.
GERMAN girl for general housework; wages
{25. Call from 8 to 1 p. in., 617 Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
HELP WASTED- MALIC.
A— MURRAY & READY.. „'.. Phono Main 5S4S
Employment and Labor Agents...
Office Open 7 a. m. To-day
Railroad Men-
SO laborers, Ukiah free fare
150 teamsters, Uklah $2 day
375 men to cut right of way, Ukiah
wages J2 to $2 25 day free fare
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK
175 men to work for the S. P. R. R. Co. in
section, steel, ballast and other gangs on the
Los Angeles and Santa Barbara and other
divisions; wages $1 75 to $2 25 day; we ship
three times dally, free fare, no other ex-
penses, fee $1
Blacksmith, R. K. camp free fare
FOR ELECTRIC AND POWER CO
30 laborers, no experience $67 50
15 drillera $75
Man to run capping machine, canning Co
MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT
Blacksmith, mining town, $3 day, see boss
here; 2 rough carpenters, $2 50 day; ranch
. blacksmith, fare $1. $40 and fd.; 17 black-
smiths, machine and carriage shops, camps
and ranches, $3 50 and $3 day, $52 and $45 and
fd.; 9 blacksmiths' helpers, $175 day and $52
and fd. ; gang edger man, see boas here
SPECIAL LABORERS
10 laborers, large company, near city, 8 hours'
work $2 day
20 laborers to pile lumber In lumber yard.. $60
SAWMILLS AND WOODS
12 lumber pliers, steady job, $35 and fd.; 10
laborers, no experisnce, sawmill company, $35
to $45 and fd. ; 2 tree fellers, $45 and fd. ; bark
peelers, $40 and fd.
MISCELLANEOUS
Choreman, Catholic institution. $25 and fd.;
machine can capper; young man to drive
butcher's wagon, 25 and fd. ; young man tc
learn to tend bar, etc., fare paid.
Agricultural Department.' .........Dairies
10 muckers, large mine, $60 and fd. ; B'laborers,'
surface work, no experience, $30 and fd. ; 10
laborers, gold mine, $75; 5 laborers, 35c fare,
$34 and fd. ; 25 laborers, quarry, $60; 5 laborers,
factory, $175 day; 3 stablemen, $40 and $50;
gardener, private place, $40; stableman, pri-
vate place, $30; 25 2 and 4 horse teamsters. $2
and $2 25 day; 5 men to handle grain, $3 day..
150 farmers, men to work in hay and harvest
$125 to $2 day
. 10 fruit pickers. $30 and fd. ; 10 ranch team-
sters, 10 hay balers, good wages; choreman,
private place, $25; choremen and boys, $25 and
$20; pruners for orchard; 15 milkers, $30 and
$40 and fd. ; butter maker, $35, see boss here..
..HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS..
Second baker on cakes, city, $40 and fd.; sec-
ond cook and dishwasher, same mill board-
ing house, $45 and $30, see boss here; butcher,
small country shop near city, $25 to $30; assist-
ant butcher, slaughter-house, $30; second cook,
lumber camp, $35, waiter, same place, $25; 15
cook's, 8 waiters, shirt polisher and ironers;
¦ waiter, springs hotel; kitchen help, etc
i MURRAY & READY 634. 636 Clay St.
AT C. K. HANSON & CO 104 Geary st.
WAIiTED TO-DAY
...Teamsters, laborers and tunnelmen for...
Ukiah
Truckee
Nevada
Coast Road
Chatsworth Park
Wages $1 75 to $3 a day
Free Fare Free Fare
j. Blacksmith, summer resort. Lake Tahoe. ?4S
and fare paid; 2 blacksmiths, country shops,
$2 r-0 and $3* a day; tool sharpener for railroad
camp. $2 75 a day. free fare; 10 farmers and
icilkers, $30 and ?35
.) HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Extra steward, $2 a day; extra vegetable
cook. $2 a day; extra cake baker. $2 a day:
extra pantryman. $1 a day; extra porter, $1
¦ a day; 10 extra waiters, $2 a day, for coun-
try hotels, fares paid; second cooks and
-broilers, $60 and $70; 3 bellboys. $15
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
FARMER for Santa Barbara, see boss here
to-day, $30; milkers, $30; 6 scraper teamsters,
$2 25 a day; choreman, $20; farmers for
San Luis Obispo Co., $20; driver for milk
wagon, $35 and found; laundry man and wife,
$50; washer for laundry, $30; choreboy for re-
sort, $15; choreman for camping party; sta-
bleman for country, $30;* 6 laborers for mills
and woods. $26 and found; 6 boys for factory,
$1 day and board. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
ERRAND boy with a wheel; hotel cook, $50;
second cook, same house, $35, - country: res-
taurant cook, {,10 to $60; pastry cook, $50; 3d
hand baker, $30; bellboys, $15; porter for
club, $1 day; waiters, $11 week; but-
ler and valet, $50; dishwashers, vegetable
men and many others. J. F. CROSETT &
-CO., 628 Sacramento st. '
AT the California Employment Agency,
59 Third St., nr. Call bids.; phone Bush 405.
100 railroad laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work,
$1 75 to $2 50 a day.
..Los Angeles and Santa Barbara divisions..
50 teamsters for Ukiah, $2 per day.
50 railroad laborers for Uklah, free fare.
...No Experience Required....
........Offlce fee $1. no other expense....
FREE FARE
6 harvest hands, $2 a day and board.
5 lumber pilers. $35 a month and board.
3 men to feed hay press, $3 to $4 a day.
Laborers, teamsters and milkers.
6 sawmill men, $30 to $35 per month and found.
20 laborers near city, $2 per day. \
A— PIANO player for springs, $25, free fare: 4
. strong men for bottling works, springs, $25,
free fare. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
A— FIRST-CLASS chef for commercial hotel.
$100; gee, party here. MRS. M. E.» DAY. 335
Geary st. . / ¦
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 323 Kearny st.
50 R. R. laborers, Uklah and Santa Barbara.
"free fare; 50 laborers, lumber mill, ship Sat-
urday; 20 laborers. 20 teamsters, $2 25, fare
" $1 20; floor man for horseshoe shop, $2 50.
A— HOTEL Gazette, 26 Montgomery st., rm. 12.
.2 waiters, resort, $30; 2 colored waiters,. $30;
¦ houseman, city, $25; all-round cook, $45.
TWO Japanese boys for hotel work. Apply at
HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm.- 12.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment.- 927 Market St., : room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
PARTNER wanted— Best paying barber shop in
city; price $1250; $500 cash required. Call at
385 Geary* st. . "** ' '
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
I good opportunity to right man.. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building. ¦
MAN for bottling department In wholesale
liquor store. Address with experience and
references, box 3347, Call offlce. - ¦
WANTED — Good advertising • solicitor; snap
Job: $100 in sight; quick. Address box 3813,
':¦ Call offlce. . -.-¦ . •'.; - .
WANTED— Cooks," waiters and waitresses; also
.extras for Epworth League meeting; register
¦;.-at once; no fee. ,127 Mason st. ...„-.-„•
EXPERIENCED hardware salesman, 25 to 35.
A years of age: state age. experience and ref-
¦Verences. Address box 3S48, Call office." . ".
HELP WANTED— MA I, V — Cg*. j
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy: a'blebodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English.
further Information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis st, San Francisco.
WANTED— Artists; I will pay good price to
artists who can put on a good wash; must
understand reproduction value: brlns sam-
ples and be prepared to go to -work If ac-
cepted. MARIE LOUISE RIMES, 700 to 705
Emma Spreckels building.
WANTED- A young man who Is an experi-
enced wrapper for delivery department. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS.. 979 Market St.. between
8 and U a, m..
WANTED— An intelligent youth in a law of-
•flce; address in own handwriting, stating age
and salary expected: law student not wanted.
Box . 3S15. Call of flee. ••
GOOD, active, •well-acquainted painter and
papei-hanger. with some tools, wanted aa
working partner In paint shop. Apply M. A.
BROOKS t 12 Golden Gate ave.
SHOEMAKERS wanted; experienced stock flt-
ter; also man to run rounder. Apply fore-
noon shoefactory^lW^llsslon^st.
PRESSER on vests. BELASCO & HARRIS,
541 Market st.
OPERATOR on coats. BELASCO & HARRIS,
541 .Market st.'
WANTEP-German waiter. 435 Pine St.
WANTEDr-Lunch waiter from 11:15 a. m. to
1:30 p. m. 210 Townsend st. "¦* > ¦
WANTED-FIrst-class soleleather fitter. In-
qulre DOLLIVER BROS.. 29 Second st.
STRONG boy for painter's apprentice. 7 Spear
St.. after 5 p. m. KIMBALL & O'IfEILL.
MAN for outside work In the city. Box 3S49,
Call office. '•
WANTED-Man to work about the place. 1443
Harrison St.
INTELLIGENT office boy, between 16 and 18;
steady Job; references. 18 Fremont st.
BARBER; must have certificate; steady. 643
Sacramento st.
BAKBER; single man; wages $14. Inquire at
shop, Butter and Stockton sts.
BARBER evenings. Saturday ' and Sunday;
wages $9. 222 Gough st.
GOOD barber; colored or white; on good com-
mlssion. Inquire Call office.
LINE etchers wanted, $20 a week. California
Photo- Engraving Co., 513 Market st.
WANTED-Waiter at 21 "Mission st.. corner of
Steuart.
"WAITER wanted; carry trays and do porter
work. 37 Eddy st.
WANTED— One shirt polisher and shirt fin-
ishers. S372 M Us Ion st.
WANTED-Flrst-cIasa waiter. 29 Stockton et.
WANTED— Good sober steady engineer; must
be American. Address box 3375. Call office.
BARBER shop. 2 chairs, for sale- cheap. 683
Fourth St.; owner going away.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
, price. C63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ATTENTION— "Wanted men at once to learn
the barber trade; In 8 weeks we make you a
journeyman barber; we prepare you for the
examinations before the Commissioners and
secure you a position; outfit of tools free;
having 100 applications for help w« offer tui-
tion almost free. San Francisco Barber Col-
lege, 741 Howard st
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade; only
8 weeks required: 2 years" time saved by our
method; examination and diploma gVren
free; complete outfit of tools donated: special
Inducements this month. Call or write 'at
once for special offer and free catalogue. ilO-
LER BARBER COLLEGE.' 635 Clay St.
WAREHOUSEMEN and grain handlers are
hereby notified to remain away from Port
Costa and Crockett until further notice. By
order Eay Counties Warehousemen's Protec-
tive Association No. 9228.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st. .
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
YOUNG college graduate who understands
Ehorthand. MYSELL-ROLLINS & CO.,, 23
Clay st.
"WANTED— Young man with some money; $30
a month and board: no experience. Restau-
rant, 49G Fourth st.
WANTED— A bright young man to solicit for
printing house: good hustler. Address A- B.,
box 3S30. Call office. ¦ ¦ ___^
BARBER, first-class, wants a Job In country
town; state wages. Address box 3969, Call.
"WANTED — A good photoarrapher and router.
Address box 443S. Call office.
WANTED— 100 quarrymen and rock drillers.
Apply 232 Montgomery st.
BOY about 13 for carpenter shop: wages $3 per
week. S. J. "WILKINS & CO.. 51 Sacramento.
WANTED— Presser on pants at 8 Grant ave.,
upstairs.
BASTERS on coats. S. N. "WOOD & CO., 27
Geary Et.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— Draughtsman: one accustomed to
\detailing terra cotta work. GLADDING, Mc-
BEAN & CO., 1358 Market St., S. F.
BARBERS — An up-to-date, one-chair barber
shop for sale; clearing over $1CO a month; in
a good town. Box 3793, Call office.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLjiT
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post- No. 2,
G. A. R.. room 40. Fhelan bids.. 806 Market.
BARBER shop for sale; money In sight; $70; a
special bargain. Inquire at Call office.
WANTED — Planing-mill manager. Address box
SS02. Call office. ¦ .
WANTED— 10 first-class lathers. $4 60 per day,
which Is $1 above union wages. Apply Sut-
ter and Hyde sts.
WANTED — Wagon blacksmith and helper. B37
Brannan st. ¦
FOR sale— 2-chalr barber shop cheap; account
of sickness. 206 Leavenworth st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to EOc. 663 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have GOO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 60c. 241 Third st.
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
HORSES AND "WAGON'S.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
$75— PACER, buggy and harness; very gentle;
lady can ride or drive. 21 City Hall ave.
$22 50 — GOOD pedler's wagon for sale. SCSI Fol-
som st.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EG AN & SON, 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
. HORSES WANTED. '
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
, ery »t., room 25. ¦
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases— A few select
cases will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
tarium, 230 Douglas St., San Francisco. .
• ROUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES WASTED,
WANTED— To rent unfurnished house of ten
to twelve rooms, in the- Western^ Addition;
must be modern in every way. A2dress box
3S08.' Call office.
WANTED— A lodging-house, from 11 to 17 rrns. ;
cash payment; state price. Box 3799, Call.
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
HOT bath in ten minutes at cost of 2%e; saves
• fire In range; you light your flame and by th»
time you are disrobed your bath Is ready; no
danger from explosion; sold on installments;
call and see it in operation. RIBBON
WATER-HE ATINO CO.. Exam, bldg.. r. 607.
LOST AND FOUSD.
LOST— At Mill Valley depot, on 5:10 train, July
16. one sable fur cape lined with blue brocade
silk: Finder please return to 2713 Sacramento
st. and receive reward. •
LOST— Bank book. bet. 2 and 3 p. ro. Finder
¦ please return to San Francisco Savings Union.
. LOST A5D FOUXli— Continued.
LOST— Fox terrier doff with collar and bells.
Saturday. July 13. Return to 71 Tremont ave.
and receive reward^ •
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolls.
jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMOMAL-
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladiea
eend 10c for latest list. MRS.HERTZ. 708 Ellis
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell sc;
tel. Bush <21.
MSDICAL.
A-KEN'OWNED specialist; these who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladiea only;
my regulator has no equal; all clasfts of 1#-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps ths unfortunate: the most obstinata
cases are Immediately relieved without patn:
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment: th« most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorrhea and all troubles of male and female
sexual organs; treat yourself; be your own
doctor; 4 months' suppository treatment. *4;
maternity home; bust developer; send stamp
for circulars. 1126 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give In-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Post st.
to 410 O'Farrell: reliable ladies* specialist ; 24
years' successful practice; guar. treatment at
office; any ailment; private home for patients
before and during confinement; low fees.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed ln all female
- complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails: the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best care; fee low; consult frea.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
Dr. and Mrs. Davles. 122S Market: our regulator
i.« a treatment that has brought health and
happiness to thousands of suffering women;
office treatment guaranteed; strictly reliable.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cur* all
skin diseases. >TW cor. G. G. ave. & nilmofe.
MIXES AXD MIXIXG.
$50,000 LOAN will acquire half Interest ln fully
developed and newly equipped California, gold
mine, producing over $10,000 monthly, expenso
$2600. Call after 10 a. m. or address 20 O'Far-
rell st.. room 27.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALS.
IX)ILERsPenKines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
IKTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont »t
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
Eecond-band ; we always have a largo stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
cne floor, ready made; we can ship e very thin %
In 24 hours. J. NOONAM. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1021
Mission St.. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
ON tcount of vacating present location tad
moving to new works we offer for sale— for
removal— our present buildings, consisting of
machine shop, foundry and boiler shop, wltli
traveling cranes. Rlsdon Iron Works, Be»l»
and Howard Eta. •
Graphophones. Phonographs. Gramophones. 13 to
S15O; easy terms; children's toy graphophonea
Jl M;2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. US Geary.
AIR compressor. 3 sizes. 5. 10. 20 stamp mills:
20 minimc cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; ateam
and water power. J. B. Jardlne. 220 Fremont.
BANK counter. 90 feet: cut up to suit: must
sell before August 1. F. G. JONTES. 1113 Web-
ster st.. Oakland; phone Main 211. ¦
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear St. ¦
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood; lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market it.
A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, S30 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. *2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHIN'G PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A — 37x52; 2-roller Campbell press: fine' condi-
tion. Address box 3925. Call office.
$19 DOMESTIC sewing machine;. 5 drawers;
good order: complete. 1915 Mission*, near 13th.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second-
hand. J. E. DOAK. all Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits _ show cases; all lengths and sizes.
J. SCKWEKPT, S21 Mission st.
AT 3c roll, wallpaper, painting, paper hang-
Ing. * 1302 Webster st. ; tel. Jackson 1321.
WE pay big prices for ladles* sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
100. COO HARD bricks and 6000 good slates at
Mission and Anthony sts.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second-
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission at.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold.
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 51S Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st., San Fran.
$64 MAGIC lantern and movinsr picture ma-
chine $37 SO. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS* 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California »t-
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand:
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand movlnar pic-
tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St. : tel. Folsom 2523.
AlO.MiiV TO LUA.\.
AA-SLVNHA^TAjT^OAN^ColSpANi;
$300,000 at 6 per cent ln sums to suit. City A
Oakland; town & country property, second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests ln
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAX-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor.Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAX
2k Montgomery St., room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market st.. loans on
first and second mortgages. Interests in es-
tates, undivided Interests ln real estate, lega-
cies, etc.; if your property is mortgaged and
you need more money, see HERMAN MUR-
PHY. 630 Market st.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc; do
not borrow of your friends or yon will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied;' no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount: 8 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates ln probate, interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests; corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
at.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
$23,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
country; see me before going elsewher*.
HARPER. 337 Parrott building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
.party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
qufck: lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 63.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamond*.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos; no removal:
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. . 303 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 np: no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. ' S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex. 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no indoraer: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 3CD Phelan bldg.
JIOO.CCO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 803 Examiner building.
MOXEY WANTED.
"— —
$700 "WANTED at 7 per cent: first mortgage;
city real estate. Box 3817. Call office.
WANTED— Loan of $40,000; secured by real
estate; money required to improve property.
Address box 3S32. Call office. . .Troubles of the Tobey.
The grain handlers' strike at Port Cos- j
ta and Crockett is making trouble for'j
some of » the sugar fleet. ' The men that i
handle the latter vessels' cargoes are in
sympathy with the^grain handlers, and
Monday when the Gerard C. Tobey was
towed to Crockett they refused to work
the ship. The owners at once sent a tug
up the river and towed the bark to Oak
land, where she is now discharging. Until
the strike is over no more vessels will go
to Crockett to discharge. The bark Kalu
lanl is now in the stream awaiting a
chance to discharge at Oakland. ¦
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORT.
NEAH BAY— Passed in July 17— Bark Levl
Burgess, hence July 7; stmr Macklnawr hence
July 14. ¦ -
Passed out July 17— Chil bark Royal Sov
ereign, for "Valparaiso.
OCEAN STEAMERS. .
HONGKONG— Sailed July 16— Stmr Olympla.
for Tacoma- July 17 — Stmr Indrapura, for
Portland, Or: 8tmr Empress of Japan, for
Shanghai, Nagasaki, Yokohama and Vancou
ver.
CHERBOURG— Sailed July 17— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der . Grosse, from Bremen, for New
Yorls. . • •
ANTWERP— Arrived July 17— Stmr Neder
land, from Philadelphia.
QUEENSTOWN- Arrived July. 17— Stmr Ser
via, for Liverr*ool, and proceeded.
Sailed July 17— Stmr Ultonia, from Liver
pool, for Boston. .. ' • , .
.¦ . : — ¦ ? .
Sun, Moon and. Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
, Francisco Bay. Published by official-au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur' at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point •
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, JULT IS. r
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the - successive tides ¦ of - the
day. In the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of the day,", except ; when . there are . but ' three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The ' heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States - Coast ' Survey charts, except when a
minus . ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then'
the number, given is subtracted from the depth,
given .by the charts.' The plane of reference Is
the mean of the lower low waters. ¦;¦>¦ : ¦'¦¦¦
CLERK DIMMICK
TO LEAVE MINT
• — ¦ —
Search for Gold -Thief
to Be Continued
With Vigor.
*- —
Officials Are Hopeful of Find
ing Evidence to
Convict.
-— — ¦ ¦» ¦ ¦ ¦-— • fc
Walter r Dimmick, chief clerk at the
Mint, will not hold hla position many
days. The notice given to him three
months ago by Superintendent Leach
that he must find another position will go
into force ere the week is ended.
Meanwhile the investigation as to the
of the Mint employe who stole
JoO.COO in gold coin proceeds. The count of
all the gold in the Mint will be finished
by to-morrow. Yesterday over 55,000,000
was. inspected and resacked. No short
age has been found in any of the sacks
inspected.
Superintendent Leach was seen yester
day afternoon and made the following
statement: ....
"It is not fair to myself or other Federal
officials for anyone to say that we have
been lukewarm in our investigation. We
are unable to give out the result of our
investigations, as it would defeat the ends
we are working for. I will say, however,
that men have been arrested on far less
evidence than we have secured in this
case. Personally I have no power to
order the arrest of any suspected em
ploye. The matter rests with the Secret
Service Agents and the United -States
I>istrict Attorney.
"The newspapers and the public mu3t
understand that it is impossible for us
to give out every fact that we have dis
covered. Too much has already been
made public. There is not an employe in
the Mint who would not give half a
month's salary to see the thief arrest
ed and convicted. ¦
"It i3 inadvisaBle to arrest a- man on
moral evidence. Legal proof must be
produced, and the aim *of our investiga
tion has been to secure that proof.
"V wl11 stat e that the search for tKe
thief will not be abandoned. It must be
realized that sometimes it is not wise to
arrest a suspected person immediately
suspicion rests on him. i
¦ktV j V j re £ards Dimmick remaining in the
Mint employ, if you will watch events for
the next few days you will probably se
cure the information you desire;," -
It was learned last evening from a Mint
omcial that Dimmick would ¦ leave . the
employ of the' Government, in a few days.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
.Rev E M Taylor, Mass
Rev A H De Long. Ind '
B K Titus. NY
E M Wheeler. R I r i
R R Doherty, N J- i
Hv*. Schroetter, Ky
C B Mitchell, Minn -
Rev M- S HughesK City
Rev J H Coleman, N Y ¦
Rev W B Pickard, O
Rev F De L Leete, NY
B L Paine. Nebr :
Rev JW Bashford. O :
W^ W CooDer. W^is
Rev E Locke, Kans |
C A' Gos. Omaha .
Rev J W Van Cleve, -
St Louis ,
Rev W D Parr. Ind
Rev S S SulIIger.Wash *
Rev P L.Cobb, .Tenn ;
Rev R A Carter. Mass -
Rev A C Crews. Canada ,
Rev J Tieret. Tenn
Rev J M Du Bose.Tenn \
Rev G W Kerley,
1 1 Montreal •
Rev A Mons. Tenn ;
Rev T N I very, N C
Prof C Denny. Tenn .
Rev E A Pearson,,
Canada :
Rev TEE Shore, Can- •
ada ;
Rev E E Hoss, Tenn ;
Rev J W Newman, Ala ;
Rev J Henderson, Can- .
Rev W H Wlthram. ,
Canada
Rev J M Barcus, Tex .
Rev \T J Smith. Can- '
ada ;
Rev G R Turk, Canada :
Gov A T Bliss, Mich ]
Rev S Plantz, Mich !
Bishop N W Warren, '
Colo
Bishop E Cranston, Or \
Rev J M Buckley. N Y ]
Rev J F Berry, Chicago •
Rev J W Trizzelle & !
, w. Ill 1
Gov H T Gage, Sacto ' >
R Halloran, N Y '
W W Cooper. Chicago
J D McGilvray; Denver •
J Collier. Boston 3
Mrs Collier, Boston '
R Dempton, Omaha ""
Miss B G Allen.Omaha <
Irwln Fisher, Pa '
E M Corson, Pa 1
A S J Dougherty & w, 1
St Louis }
R S Keyser. N Y "*
F D Leete & \r. N Y 1
K F Burkhardt. Ohio <
W Harrison. Cincinnati
W F Hall & w, Clnnn J
W A Rodenberg, Wash, (
DC <
A R Servom. Wash.DCjJ
Miss F E Withrom, . I
- Toronto -
W H Withrom, Tornto 1
J Taylor, Los Ang . <
J P Taylor. Los Ang "•
Miss N F Fleming, Ga i
Miss L Fleming, Ga 1
Miss M Fumey. Ga • 0
Miss L Clark; Ga :
M Welch, Ohio I
Miss O Daniels, Ga <
Miss E Parks. Ga 1
Miss J Stovall. Ga ' j
GRAND HOTEL.
Rev T Dunlap, Ont
A McKee, Ontario
W A Ward, Texas
Mrs. Ward, . Texas
Wendell Ward, Texas
J W Townsend, Utah .
Mrs C D McComb, Ky
Mrs T McComb. ¦ Ky
Mrs K McComb, Ky
Chas Allen, Ky
C C Patterson, Ky '
O W Davis & w, Tenn
W L Horn & w, Tenn
Mrs T Davis. Tenn
L A Clendener, 111
H O Leopold. Pa
H H Munshower. Pa
J S Robinson. Pa ¦ <
G W Ach, New York
R Niblock, Pittsburg'
S Denholm, Pittsburgh
J A Hanna, Pittsburg
J Kammer, Pittsburg
Mrs E Williams. ! Ill
Mrs H Volk. Chicago
J Shook & w. Chicago
S L Heron, Tenn
Ida McDavid, Florida
Kate Curry. Tenp
Mrs E S Leland, Miss
B Leland, Miss
Miss N Moore, Miss
Miss A McFarland,
- Mississippi
S D Knox. Arkansas
H N Moss & w, Illinois
G C Hartman, Pa*
S H McKee, Pa
Mrs C B Moore, 111
Miss A Munn, III
Mrs A Covey, Wash
Mrs" M C Stewart,
Canada ¦_ *
R A Peers. Colfax
Miss Storey, Chicago
Miss Wing, Illinois
S H Lumpkin & w,
•rexas
Miss O Lumpkin, Tex
T W Aukln. Pa
C C Wagner. Ohio
E H Bergeman,'
Holland
G F Hildebrand, ,Wis
A G Stark. Phlla*
W G Kleinstuber & w,
Delaware
Mrs J Gibson, Iowa
Mrs N R Bradford,
Illinois
A B Banta> N J "
R M Goodheart. N J
Charlotta Scobey, . Ill
Ida M # Knider. " 111
Florence Hegan. Ill .
K L Scobey. Ill -_
RAILROAD MEN
DISCUSS RATES
Passenger Agents Decide
on Joint Card Pub-
Adjustment of Schedules for
Clergymen and the
Employes.
? ¦ ¦¦
GLEXWOOD SPRINGS, Col.T July 17.—
The Transcontinental Passenger Associa
tion continued its session at the Hotel
Colorado to-day. "A proposition to pub
lish 'joint rate sheets semi-annually v;as
adopted. The application of the Knights
of Pythias for rates to their convention
to be held ai San Francisco In 1902 was
laid over until the next meeting. *
The matter of special rates to the Pan-
American Exposition at Buffalo was re
ferred to the California terminal lines for
action. A proposition to fix an arbitrary
charge for changing return routes for"
California excursion tickets after arrival
In California was laid on the table but
will probably be taken up for further ac
tion at the next meeting. The transpor
tation of officers of the army and navy
was referred to the California terminal
lines. The matter of rates to clergymen
and railroad employes from the ?Jissourl
River to the Northern Pacific Coast were
adjusted to the complete satisfaction of
all competing' lines.
The proposition to establish joint agen
cies at Los An.?ele3 was under discussion
and finally referred to a special committee
to report at the next meeting of the asso
ciation. For the fifth annual meeting nt
the National Livestock Association to be
held a Chicago in 1DC2 it was voted that a
rate equivalent to one fare and one-third
be made.
THE SAN FRANCISCO;XALL, THURSDAY,- JULY-I8, 1901.
13
,w J Smith, Canada
T A Moore. Canada
W J Cahill. N Y
G W Kerby, Toronto
G R Turk. Toronto
W W s Cruggs, K City
A C Crews & w, To
ronto
E M Ballard. Ohio
Mrs H C Ballard, Ohio
J G Gince & w. Ala
F W Nash, Manila
R 1> Hamilton, Canada
A Delohy, Canada
G- M Davidson & w,
Chicago . -
T A Rich & w. .Oxnard
V, Vlzzette. L Ang • -
J Heed. Santa Cruz
A S Borgham, St Louis
O W Posey.. Berkeley
W Bayly. Berkeley
C Burke, Berkeley
J H "Brown. Chicago -
L Fltzgarrell, Butte
F A Butt. Los Ang '
E Herzel, Chicago
C H Clark & W.Chicago
C H Harry & w, N Y
C P Harry. N Y
Anne E Longaker. N T
F E Stewart. NY \
A J W Copelln. Chicago
Miss Copelin, Chicago'
Mrs A J W Copelln.
Chicago
R T Sloan & w. Kan
sas City
T H Lumokln & w.
Texas
Dr J S Baer. N J
A Gusdorf & w. N Mex
S J Haijrht Jr. Ill
H W Halght. Ill
E A DIever, Chicago
A "Westmoreland. Ar
gentine ...-.: .. .
Miss R C Davidson.NY
Miss M Smith. N Y
J P McCoy, Honolulu
K McCoy. Honolulu n ¦
F Sunpick, Honolulu
A J Heron, Idaho
Cerena B Chamberlln,
Idaho
Jennie Nixon. N Y
Bessie Ferris, Cal .
Dr J W Day, San Jos«
W Shoemaker. Fresno
G Law & w. K City
Miss P Cross. Ind
Miss R Joseph, Ind
E R Tuttle, StLoula
P J Erymson. Ind
W F McGinnis, N Y
F W Schuerer. N Y •
Countess de Navallles,
-NY
Mme de Navailles. N Y
C E Lurbeurs. NY:
C Bousall, & w, N Y
Mrs T L Atwood. N Y
Miss H L Atwood. N Y.
Mrs S A- Mead. NY
W H Garrlgens. N Y
G E Saul. JN Y
W B Jones. N Y
S Weinhelmer, N Y
L M Elsheimer, N Y
J J Ttsrert. Nashville
Mrs De E Luther, Ga
Rev T R McCarthy, Ga
G Murphy, Augusta
N T Smith. Ind
A E Eisen. N X
Colorado
R E Maher, Texas
B T Shepard Jr. Cal
Chas Teagae, Cal
J J Stown, , Tenn
W B Ricks, Ark
C H Covell & w. Mich
B Chamberlain, Idaho
EM McFadden, Pa
S N Marshall & w.Ark
Mrs W F King. Ariz .
Mrs H Gilbert, Aurora
Miss E Gilbert. Ill
Miss H Felsenheld, 111
J D Boyd, Marysvllle
B L McCoy, Oroville
Mrs H B Young, la
Miss Young. la
C W Wilbur, L Ang >
Mrs M' McDowall. Tex
Miss K - House, Tex
Miss J Hucker, Tex
Miss F Carter, Tex
Miss C Carter, Tex - '
Miss A Jones.-^Tex
Miss M Cloud. Ill
Mrs J W Wilson^ 111
Mrs M A Hanrlll. Ill
Mrs P.W.Brown, III ¦•
H G Lacy, Hanford
Mrs W J Anderson, 111
B H Mounts. Ill
J Hopkins & w, Cal
D E Carey. Phlla -
E • F Scattengood. Pa
T F Dalton, Boston
F F Geating. Ottawa
M French & fmy, Utah
S W Hart, Wls
L S Hart. Wla
Dr T J McGee & — ¦
Alleghany, Pa
H Schleuk & w. Minn
R Luseombe, L Gatos
F R Willis. L Ans
L C Hoppe, New York
M'L Viculns, N T
DM Springer, IU
Miss G Jennings, Ohio
Mtss M S Morse. Ill
Miss I Morse, 111
C E Gray. Chicago
H Houston, Mich
V H Taesett. ind
T B Henneesy & w,
Chicago . . •
N J . Benney, Georgia
H F Montgomery, Miss
F H Fletcher. Iowa
RW McSwiney, Iowa.
W J Guinan. NT,
J E Scott & w. Iowa '
R B Butler, Fresno
N W Duncan. Ill
J A Button, Oakland
V E Rouse _ • fmy. • I
Sun rises ...........'
iuneets ...........:.'......
loon sets V '..'.
.8:55"]
.5:01
.7:30
i. m.
Time - Time ' Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L W H W |gg
iTTT. 0:27 5.8 7:00—0.3 2:03 .5.3
19 ... 1:18 5.S 7:40 .0.2 2:41 5.4
!0 ... 2:14 4.8 8:20 0.7 3:20 «5.4
!l ¦¦¦.. 3:12 4.3 8:55 1.2 4:00 6.3
!2 .. 4:16 3.9 9:40 1.6 4:40 5.3
S3 f 5:2C 3.6 10:22 2.0 6:21 5.3
L "W r H • W L W I
!1 ... 0:17| 1.3| 6:43 3.5j 11:12| . 2.5|
ITtmel
L,"W
Ft
7:15
8:13
9:14
10:13
11:14
2.3
2.2
.2.1
1.9
1.7
'h'wi
|-6:03|
I 5.3
Sun rises ...........'
iuneets ...........:.'......
loon sets V '..'.
.8:55"]
.5:01
.7:30
i. m.
Time - Time ' Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L W H W |gg
iTTT. 0:27 5.8 7:00—0.3 2:03 .5.3
19 ... 1:18 5.S 7:40 .0.2 2:41 5.4
!0 ... 2:14 4.8 8:20 0.7 3:20 «5.4
!l ¦¦¦.. 3:12 4.3 8:55 1.2 4:00 6.3
!2 .. 4:16 3.9 9:40 1.6 4:40 5.3
S3 f 5:2C 3.6 10:22 2.0 6:21 5.3
L "W r H • W L W I
!1 ... 0:17| 1.3| 6:43 3.5j 11:12| . 2.5|
ITtmel
L,"W
Ft
7:15
8:13
9:14
10:13
11:14
2.3
2.2
.2.1
1.9
1.7
'h'wi
|-6:03|
I 5.3
MCSICAL IXSTItl'MENTSu
THE WILEY B. AI.LEN CO.. SS3 Market. S. F.
(.Branch JSl Broadway. Oakland.)
\\> srll the popular pianos of the day— Steck,
l:.ere« Packard, Conover. Hardman. Ludwig.
j:nidwin. Valley Gem. Smith & Barnes. Har-
: ington. Klngsbury, Jewett «nd Straube.
\ou rannot afford to buy a piano until you
pee THE WILEY D. ALLEN CO.
AI.L pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
vpright or baby grand piano any time within
2 years trom date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, ii per
month; some cood pianos sold for $3, $4 and
*S per month. EHKRMAN. CLAY _ CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Fts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
A SURE Indication that the public Is appre-
ciative its the feet that our 20 and 39 per cent
reduction sale of pianos for July Is such a
success.
Think of a $500 piano for $2M. Such prices
were never offered befor*. We sell for cash
nr payments. THE ZENO MAUVAIS CO..
7C9 Market gt.
ANT piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
low^d on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price: costs you only 20c a day to buy «i
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 3«
O'Farrell Bt.; established 1850.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains — 1 £mer-
fon, 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtas. 1
Fterlinf. $75. *125, tl»5. etc.; easy payments. :
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, IS OTarrell at.. '
Chlckerinjr. Vo&e, Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of celf-players.
ALL mckes; great barrain; $50 up; rents $2
up allowed; we want agents; pianos lurnlshed
free: you get first money when you b«1L
HEINE PIANO CO.. !17 Geary Bt.
JAS. KEEFFE'S piano vareroomi now per-
manently located at 22 Turk St.. near Junc-
tion Mason. Market & Turk: largest In city.
ANOTHER cleaning-out tale of storage pianos
at your own price: $6 installments: no re-
eerve. \YILSON"S STORAGE. 1706 Market et.
PIANOS $73 up; Hartman, $100; Chlckering.
$150; Nieuman. $150. W. C. HAMILTON. *
Flood bulldlEg. .
$2 B0 RENTS a fine upright piano: a few left.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes Bt.
SOHMER, Byron Mauiy, Lester. Hamilton
and Epeilmann pianos. 308 Post et.
PARTY going to Chicago must sacrifice hand-
come S-pedal upright piano. 7S2 Ellis et.
TWO upright pianos left on sale; Fisher. $95;
Chickerini?. $126. Room 38. 217 Geary st.
GOOD cecond-hand upright for Bale cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.
A SPLENDID Steinway: uprights, $100; pianos
rented $2 upward. BRTTENN. 208 Post Bt.
$S0 — FINE upright; baby grand Steinway: other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory. 1729 Mission.
A LARGE lot of s*t?ond-hand upright pianos
for Bale cheap. HORNn.VG'S, 216 McAllister.
A FINE upright piano for eale cheap. 837 Mc-
AUlster st.
SUPERIOR violins, .zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. •
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
FOR the choicest double store in city for re-
tail trade .address Owner, box 4434, Call.
LIGHT, cheerful office* ; $15 and $20. Emma
gpreckels bulldinr. tn Market st.
OIL.
COSTA RICA PETROLEUM _ COAL CO.
We have just received advices of the grant-
ing of the concession to us by the Costa Rlcan
Governmect. We now own over 50.000 acres
of the finest oil and coal lands In the world:
Fame is also best tropical agricultural land:
the stock Is as yet 10 cents per share, but upon
receipt of the Government documents will Im-
mediately be advanced to 25 cents. The stock ;
cannot fail to go to several dollars per share. I
Call or send for prospectus to PACIFIC
, FTATES MINING & INVESTMENT CO., S26
i Tost st.. San Francisco, Cal. Reference, the
J Consulate of Costa Rica in San Francisco.
FOR sale — A lease on proven territory adjoin-
ing the San Joaquin Co, Apply <74 Par-
rott bids.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating on £120 acres of oil land in nine
districts. Office, 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
40 ACRES, just north of Bakersfield. $50, con-
ditlonally. HAMILTON & CO.. 8 Flood bldg.
OIL tanks, second band. In good order; all
eiz«s: cheap. H. S. WHITE. £16 Mission ft
PAIXTERS AXD DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting; good, rell-
ablework. Clark's, SOS Larkin ; tel. Larkln 1069.
BOOMS papered from $3 50 up; tinting done.
Hartmarm Paint Co.. 319 3d gt. : tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist: bead and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st.
MME. GERMAINE, the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast; 1 to 5. 906 Market st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 61S
Taylor ct.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PERSONALS.
—THE EPWORTH LEAGUE^ ~~~~~~~
LADIES and GENTLEMEN— YOU are in-
vited to the parlors! O f the BOHEMIAN DER-
MATOLOGY. 131 Poet. R. *, for your sham-
poo, 25c; GRAY hair restored, HAIR grown
on bald heads. PIMPLES, freckles, facial
¦ blemishes removed; figures trained; IM-
PORTED French preparations used exclu'ly.
THOSE fine large. 6Oft fluffy comforts have ar-
rived from the East at the cut-price 75 cents
to $2 25 cheaper than we ever had them;
Cal. wool blanket!, all kinds and colors, $3
to $12 pair. SMITH'S. 27 Market st.. 3rd floor.
GOLD medal cots lead all others In durability,
comfort, appearance; we have all kinds from
a dollar or go to $»¦ At SMITH'S. 27 Market.
I RUGS and srt squares; you cave money on
w these every time If you are a cash buyer. At
£. SMITH'S. 27 Market et.
$3— GOLD SPECTACLES for $3; honestly worth
$10; — e want you for a customer, hence this
reduction. No matter what your eye defect Is
we CORRECT it and give you glasses In a
gold frame for $3. ORIENT OPTICAL CO.,
71i> Market st.. Ban Francisco. Cal.
A— EPWORTH Leaguers' downtown meeting
place at the Bon-Ton at 224 Post st, near
Powell. Luxurious reading-room; writing
facilities. Dainty tea 6erved every afternoon.
Everything free. Manicuring, hairdreesing or
baths. 25c. All visitors welcome.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary st.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
THIS Is to certify that L DANIEL LEVY, will
not be responsible for any debts incurred by
my wife, SUSAN LEVY, she having left my
bed and board. DANIEL LEVY.
OUR new book free, sealed, fully illustrated,
treats all conditions of men. how to attain
"Perfect Manhood;" should be in the hands
of every male adult. Addrees ERIE
MEDICAL CO.. "Book Dept," Buffalo, N. Y.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
26c to $160 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and. baggage to and from the ferry.
H WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, S20 up; ele-
jrant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
y Market Et., between Seventh and Eighth.
WILLIE MOORE, sick at the house. 1200
Franklin st If father or mother see this
call at once.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, t.--£le. three-quarter
~ double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St. near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 836 Mission st.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teachf-r. CU McAllister et
ALFREDCMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
bair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
POISON oak cured in one application or no pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. 469 Hayes st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter Bt
TAILOR made suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market ct.
MASQUERADE .costumes, play books, wigs;
conntry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, tn« best
corn cure; 25c: all druggists. (
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and reFldence.
10a Market Et, between Blxth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats ail diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, rr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 CUy ft.; nee testimonials at office.
FILISS.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here "In your
*|~ruidst; many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
f over SO names of prominent business men
r Vrent •« reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1350 Call
office, fi. T.. Cal.
REAL -STATE — CITY— FOR SALB.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. "
Bargains in Sunset. See them at once.
Sunset Branch Otflce.- 9th ave.. near H st.
$CCO to $903 each— Graded and sewered; build-
ing up fast; superb view of park and ocean;
$10 monthly.
11(0, $150. $200 to $350— Choicest ocean boule-
vard lota, ready to bull! on; $5 monthly.
$75, $100 to $250— Level lota near Misslon-st.
cars; Friend id bargains, for choice homes; $3
monthly. •
CHOICEST RICHMOND LOTS.
$400 to JSOO— We never fall to sail; on choic-
est streets; on very easy terms.
$10CO. $1250. $2000 to $3500— Elegant cottages In
Richmond. Sunset and Mission districts; 'all
barcains; on Installments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
1 E4 Chronicle building.
WANTED— Old buildings to be removed, build-
ing material any description. Dolan Building
Supply Co.. 1611 Market; tel. Howard 2436.
FOR sale 2-story house, to be removed. 5C8
McAllister Et. j
ELEGANT flats California st. for sale: or ex-
change for Oakland property. Box 3897. Call.
REAL ESTATE CODXTRY For Sale
A BARGAIN In land— Only J5 per acre for 320
acres of land In San Benlto County, within
12 miles of Gonzales station: one-half Is good
farming land, partly enclosed and under cul-
tivation: the balance good pasture land, wtth
plenty of running water; cabin, barn and
chicken-houses. Apply C. S. CAPP _ CO.,
Real Estate Agents, COO Market st.
$5CO0 — 26 ACRES; fine paying home in Calistoga:
8 acres In fruit; 40 tons prunes raised last
year; soil black loam; abundance of good
water; good house. 8 rooms and bath; wind-
mill and tank; barn full of hay; fruit, house,
shop, etc.; fruit trays, grader, etc; two
horses; Jersey cow; chickens, etc. For further
"particulars address box 96, Calistoga, Cal.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $C0 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growin* rapidly; location
best for poultry and general fanning. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St., for pam-
phlets or information.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A FINE residence in San Jose to exchange for
city property. Call on C. C. SMITH, 630 Mar-
fcet. San Francisco. _'
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE.
Cottage of 4 rooms; fine location; $1500; offer
wanted.
~ $1CO»— Cottage on Pearl Bt.; lot 55x100.
Two new modern 7-room houses, near Morton-
st. station, for £7oO.
S-room 2-story house on San Antonio ave.,
near station ; $5000.
' lot 150x107, with all Improvements; near
Park St.; $12,000.
500x107 feet, with all improvements; near
Park St.: $9000; choice property.
Beautiful 7-room house; lot 50x150; $5500.
10-room modern cottage; all on one floor; on
ncrthwest corner.
$8000— Price reduced to $5500; the most com-
plete cottage in Alameda; beautiful grounds;
must be sold.
E. D. JUDD & CO..
" 1424 Park St.. Alameda. *
ALAMEDA and Fruitvale bargains for lnvest-
ora and house-seekers on easy terms or ex-
change for city or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One of the finest residences in the city; 13
rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.; best location; fin-
ished In oak, birdseye maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated: lot S5xlT0 feet.
SPECIAL.
Two modern cottages, 5 rooms and bath;
near stalon; J.1S00.
A. R. DENKE,
Webster-st. Station, Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BE YOUR "OWN^LANDLORD! ~—™— ~ -
Cottage. 6 rooms. In good condition: conve-
nient to station; large lot; windmill and tank;
good water; barn and chicken-house; price
$1100; $100 down. $12 60 per month.
Genuine bargain — Modern 2-story house of 6
rooms, bath, etc, on fine corner; central loca-
tion; 2 blocks from station; lot 40x130; abiut
10 minutes' walk to university; price $2000; $150
down, balance $20 per month.
Owner must sell; make offer— Xew modern
Hs-story house. 6 rooms, bath, etc.; conveni-
ent to station and stores: lot 40x117; price $lS00;
$100 down. $17 SO per month.
NOTHING DOWN secures this new l'A-story
house of 6 rooms, bath, laundry, tubs, etc.; lot
50x100; XVt blocks to electric cars; 2 blocks to
station; payments $20 per month. • We have
others on the same terms.
Take Berkeley train, get oft at Lorin sta-
tion. Office west side of railroad tracks. Open
Sundays. HOME REALTY CO..
Formerly RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
NEW 7-room, 2-story colonial house: large
rooms: fine mantel; electric fixtures; porce-
lain bath laundry tubs; all fine open plumb-
ing; right up to date; only 2 minutes to rail-
road etatlon; lot 40x100: price $2400. For
terms call on J. R. PERKINS, Lorin station,
Berkeley.
CALL and eee the 2 new 5-room cottages I
am building; high basement; mantel; all the
latest plumbing; well, tank and windmill;
10 minutes to railroad station; price only
$1400: $100 cash, balance on easy payments. J.
R. PERKINS, Lorin station. Berkeley.
FINE, new, up-to-date 8-room, 2-story colonial
house; porcelain bath, electric fixtures, man-
tel; a fine, convenient home for somebody;
pric* $2500 for cash, or will exchange for
country or San Francisco property. J. R.
PERKINS, Lorin station, Berkeley, formerly
Oellerlch & Perkins.
No. 14S— $8000: 18 rooms; house new anH newly
furnished; one of the finest boarding-
houses in town: one block from U. C.
grounds; the house Is full of boarders
at present.
No. 165— $5500: 14-room house; rented for 2 years
at $50 Der month: thU is a good In-
vest cent.
No. 185 — $2200; new 6- room house: cement walks.
No. 194— $SOCO; 10-room house; south front; lot
eoxi:o.
s. s. quackenbush,
Opp. First National Bank, Berkeley.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, eent^to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$^W^6RIGINAL~cost $34Oo"~! " "*~
7 rooms and bath, fine basement; corner lot,
33x120; street work complete; best neighbor-
hood In Oakland; owners are non-residents;
hence the great reduction in price; must be
eeen to be appreciated.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1(02 Broadway, Oakland.
$2700— A COZY cottage home.
Fine neighborhood, convenient to every-
thing; main street; lot 60x115; small stable;
an ideal spot, but must be sold; seeing is be-
lieving; don't miss this. •
J. S. MYERS & CO..
- 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$3250— THE finest, both in finish and architec-
tural arrangements in Oakland; the choicest
neighborhood; large lot, near business centers
and schools, etc.; terms, $400 cash.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
10Q2 Broadway, Oakland.
$2200— A NEW bungalow cottage, up-to-date,
five rooms and bath; an ideal home; large
lot: near local station and business centers;
cheap for $3000; owner must cell; wants an
oCer; mortgage -$1800. balance cash.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$16) CASH — $10 monthly; fine business corner;
125x120, fronting two rr.aln roads; superb soil;
choice climate; grand view; for business or ¦
residence this excels; come and look Into this
bargain; only $590; time limit one week; It
lays near a fine 3-story school house; electric
car line, two churches close by; 12 new nice
homes gone up within 4 months-; adjoins East
Oakland. Call or send for circular. 455
Seventh St.. opLoslte Broadway station, Oak-
land. HENRY A. JONES, Owner.- .•
$200 CASH, $20 monthly; up-to-date, modern 2-
story house of 9 rooms; . all conveniences;
large lot. 150 feet deep, on Fruitvale ave.; no
fogs nor raw winds; a lovely home at a bar-
gain; price all told. $2750: will make terms
to suit or discount for cash. 455 Seventh St.,
opposite Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
NEW HOMES — —
On Telegraph avenue.
Just Completed.
Entirely Modern.
S rooms, bath and laundry; front and back
rtairs; nickel-plated plumbing; mantels, gas
flxturec, lawn, cement walks, 1 etc.; lot 31x100;
all four of a different architecture.
JAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
1GCC— COZY, modern Eastlake cottage of . 5
rooms, bath, hall, hl.srh basement, laundry.
brick foundation, double parlors, etc. (all in
good condition); street work all done; ston*
walks laid; 1 block off San Pablo ave.; handy
to narrow-gauge station; sunny frontape; now
weil rented ; bargain for a quick cash sale,
but terms can be arranged.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD. .
V ANTED— In Oakland, good home for girl 10
years old; references. Box 2273, Call otflce,
Oakland. '
OAKLAND FURXITURfi FOU SALE.
V.N introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR IIOVSBKEEriSG.
? IFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $10
and $12; also others; single rooms, $5 up a
month. • -
rOLSOM, 776^4— 2 neatly furnished connecting
rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
FOURTH— 225— Nice housekeeping rooms; also
fclngle.
IIS; ALCOVE room and adjoining room; gas
stove: sink; bath; tel. 1911 Geary, opp. park.
SARRISON. 731—4 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; rent $16; bath.
rIOWARD. 1324—2 furnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping.
tlYDE, 412— Sunny parlors & alcove suite, un-
furn. ; basement floor suitable for boarders.
MCALLISTER, 2000, corner Central ave— 2 sun-
'ny rooms furnished for housekeeping; sink;
$10; also 2 housekeeping rooms. $7 per mo.
MINNA, 322— Housekeeping rooms; sunny dou-
ble rooms; rent moderate.'
MISSION, 945— Front room and kitchen com-
plete for housekeeping. '
SEW modern apartment house; suites 2, 3
and 5 rooms for housekeeping; electric lights;
gas ranges; baths. The Malar Flats. 531 Turk.
DCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Bay-window
room and kitchen; other sunny rooms; day;
week or month.
POLK. 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping. $15 up; reference.
POWELL, 911'4— Unfurnished or partly; 1 to 4
rooms; kitchen; range; modern imp.; ?5 to $12.
POWELL. 1401— Large sunny front, suitable for
housekeeping; also suite; gas and bath. ,
r/HE BELL. 1773 aiarket— Sunny suites for
housekeeping, $10 up; singles, $6 up.
rWELFTH. 120—2 nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; select locality; private
family. '
rWENTY-THIRD, 3726, nr. Dolores-3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
K BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia Et. ¦ '
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn,
\HLBORN~HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals, 23c; free coach.
K— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $125 to Jo per week, and
light housekeeping- rooms: open all night.
VRLINGTON House, 112 Kearny St.— Pleasant,
sunny rooms.
VT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms, newly
renovated; 25c to $1 night; phone Black 4915.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
2LARA. 166. near Fifth— 3 rooms; also 2
rooms.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Ma?on— Elegantly .
furnished gunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let. .
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms;
$1 week and up.
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single with baths;
transient. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
3EARY, 1012— One sunny furnished room with
use of telephone. •
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— Pleasant
medium sized room for gent; reasonable; ref.
1OTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
st., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly flrst-class;'
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HOTEL Graystone, 66 Geary st. — New 6-story
fireproof hotel; electric light and elevator; un-
questionably the most luxuriously furnished
in the city; eteam heat; private baths: one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331.
HOWARD, 1609—3 sunny rooms; back and front
parlors; use of kitchen; private family.
HOWARD. 1613—1 nicely furnished sunny bed-
room, with piano; hot and cold water; suit-
able for Epworth Leaguers; new flats.
FESSIE, 353. near Fifth and Market— 2 fur-
nished connecting rooms; suitable 3 persons.
KEARNY, 34, and 47 Post— Of flees or aunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
—VGUNA, 1131— Nice elegantly furnished large
rooms.
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up. ¦
UASON, 503— Handsome suite; also single
rooms; very reasonable; centrally located.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath: single rooms $10 up.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 925^— Well-furnished sunny bay-
wlndow front and other rooms; lower flat.
D'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
DXFORD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
POWELL, 15— Changed hands; rooms, $1 50 per
week and up. *
POWELL, 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nished rms.. en suite or eln. ; baths; transient.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week. $2 to
$8; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
5HOTWELL, 227, nr. 17th— 3 sunny rooms, un-
furnished. . .
5IENA House and Faloon, 410-412 Broadway-
Most elegantly furnished sunny rooms in lo-
cality; rents reasonable; first-class attention.
5TOCKTON, 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rma. ; run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
fWO large sunny unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping. Southeast corner Market and Ninth
«ts. ; apply dentist's office.
VALENCIA, 1171— Furnished large front rooms,
suitable for doctor or dentist; references.
.VALLER, 1611, near Golden Gate Park— Front
room. .
2i<ASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
V BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at. 1096
Valencia st. .
ROOMS AND BOARD..
VN exceptional, table; pleasant rooms; good
service; popular rates. 807 California st.
JNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner in
Oakland; unsurpassed • family tab' e,' 25c per
meal; $4 per week; every accommodation and
attention. 1103V4 Broadway, cor. Twelfth St.,
third flat. Oakland. . ¦ ¦
VLMORA, Twentieth and Mission; warm belt;
new management; modern; sunny rooms; ta-
ble board : unexcelled. Tel. Church 1181.
SLLIS, 1127 — Nicely furnished alcove room;
sun all day; water; private family; board
optional. - • ,
IARRISON, 670 (Rlncon Hill)— $3 50 week to
right parties; American family.
JEULAH, 135 — Sunny rooms, with or -without
board, in artistically furnished home, nr. park.
[•HE HEATH.312 Eddy-Nicely furnished eunny
front rooms, en suite.single; .excellent cuisine.
HOTEL Repeiier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists. :
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny. rooms, en suite & single; board.
CHE Crocker, S15 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite: beautiful grounds.
RO^MSMl^B^pjff ANTED.
V ANTED— By 2 young ladles, room and board
in private family; convenient to business dis- I
trlct. Box 4382. Call. ' .
ROOM? WANTED. "
TWO 'unfurnished rooms for middle-aged lady;
light housekeeping; reasonable. Box 3850,
Call office. . ,
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ILL kinds -bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum ' gives
notice that the. following orphans, half-
orphanrf*and abandoned children, also found-
lings, have been received in the orphanage
from December 81,' 1900. to June 30. 1901:
Charles Drsgler. 7 yrs.' 6 mos.: Henry Drag-
ler, 5 yrs. 6 mos.: Antony Marino. 5 days:
Mary 7 yrs.. 'Margaretta 7 yrs. and Joseph
Olsen 3 yrs.; Catherine Gibbons, 5 yrs. 1 mo.;
Catherine. 9 yrs. 3 mos.. Anna 7 yrs. and
Henry Mennors 3 yrs. 6 mos. : Virginia Klrby,
5 yrs. 7 mos.: Rose 5 yrs and Lewis Passolot
3 yrs. 6 mos. ; Banodino Bartona, 3 yrs. 3
num.; Louis Drexil, 5 yrs. 5 mos.; Martin
Samuels. 8 yrs. ; Ida /Woldloff. € yrs.; Cliff
Kuntz, 2 yrs. 1 mo. ; Harry Russ, 6 yrs. ; Mary
7 yrs. 1 mo. and Bernice McClelland 5 yrs.
38 mos.; George McKann. 5 yrs. 7 moa. ;- Ada
7 yrs. 4 mos. and Michael Doland 6 yrs.; John
Larken, 2 yrs. 1 mo.; John 3 yrs. 6 mos. and
Evalyn Kessler 5 yrs. 10 mos.: Lucy 5 yrs.
10 num. and Lizzie Giovanina 4 yrs. 6 mos. ;
Edith • Doland, 9 yrs. ; Magdalina 5 yrs. 11
mos. and Fulton Vannici 4 yrs. : John d' Arsy,
3 yrs. 1 mo. ; Mlra 10' yrs., Ernest 8 yrs.,
Josie 9 yrs.. Eleanora 5 yrs.' and Katherine
Gianetti 1 yr. 10 mos. ; Mary Smith, 3 yrs. ¦ 6
mos.; Gertrude 3 yrs. 7 mos. and John Daley
2 yrs. 11 mos. ; Gertrude 5 yrs. 11 moe. and
Mary Sullivan 3 yrs. ; Irene 10 yrs. 10 mos.
and Raymond Pcfand 2 yrs. 11 mos.; Albert
8 yrs. 6 mos., Gordon 1 yr. fi mos., Kenth 4
yrs. 10 mos. and Constance Heanery 6 yrs. 8
mos.; Katherine 4 yrs. and Edward Slattcn
3 yrs. ; Ellenor Edwards, 4 yrs. ; Olander Mur-
rey, 3 yrs. ; Edward 3 yrs. 11 mos., Lewis 2
yrs. and Bertha Kavanagh 5 yrs. 5 moa.;
Elenore Brady, 12 yrs. ; Iona .7 yrs. and Mary
Gladwin 3 yrs. 7 mos.; Mary 10 yrs. 8 mos.,
Frederick 3 yrs. 3 mos. and Bertha Louis 4
yrs. 10 mos.: Dante Tarraborl, 6 yrs. 3 mos.:
Katherine Kaihi. 3 yrs. 1 mo.; Gertrude 5
yrs. 10 mos. and Francis Kelley 8 yrs. 11
mos. : Mariana Purdee. 5 yrs. 10 mos. ; John
6 yrs. a mos. and Catherine Matthews 4 yrs.
2 mos. ; Margarite Kulsar. 8 yrs. 10 mos. r
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society hereby gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
girls and boys have been received at the asy-
lum on Haight st. from January 1, 1901, to
July 1. 1901: Anselina Willet. 7 yrs.; Delia
Willet, 2 yrs. 10 mos.: Emma L. Hennisrer,
4 yrs. 3 mos.; Annie Kenyon. 9 yrs.: Rachel
Kenyon. 6 yrs. ; Minnie Iverson, 12 yrs. 10
mos. ; James Farley. 7 yrs. 7 mos. : Raymond
Francis, 6 yrs. 4 mos.; Herbert E. Francis,
5 yrs. 9 mos.; Martin Kvalvig, 11 yrs. 1 mo.;
Albert Lake, 7 yrs. ; Harry Lake, 4 yrs. ; Clar-
ence Stephenson. 7 yrs. ; Charles F. Hennlger.
2 yrs. 10 mos. ; Thomas Semler, 12 yrs. 6 mos. :
Henry Hanson. 5 yrs.; Arthur Davis, 9 yrs. 8
mos. ; George Kvalvig, 9 yrs. 3 mos.; Herbert
O. Love, 6 yrs. 6 mos. ; • George Elliot, 3 yrs.
6 mos.
SPECIAL NOTICE— Office of the Collector of
Customs, port of San Francisco," Cal., July
15, 1901— Notice Is hereby given that the Com-
missioner of Navigation, under date of July
10. 1901, has authorized a change in the name
of the barkentine "J. C. Pfluger" to "Coro-
nado." Said vessel was built at Sunderland,
England, in 1874, official number 7746, gross
tonnage. 1062; owner. J. D. Spreckels & Bros.
Company. W. B. HAMILTON, Special Dep-
uty Collector of Customs, N. S. >F.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19. tel. 55S0.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell ets. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 810 Mis-
sion St.; tel.. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 2S1.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
greTt^argTin¥Tn~typewriters— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 206.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for Jl week
and have your work in sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4S85.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60: anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, San Francisco, July 15, 1901. — At a
regular meeting of the board of directors of
this company, .held this day, a dividend was
declared, payable on and after July 17, 1901.
LOUIS WEINMANN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 93 (twenty
cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
oflice of the company, 327 Market street, on
and after Saturday. July 20, 1901. Transfer
books will close on Saturday. July 13, 1001. at
12 o'clock noon. E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The'following marriage^' licenses were Issued
yesterday: . "~ - ~" '¦* " *.
Robert B. Gaylord, 25, Oakland, and Harriet
B. Lumley, 22, city.
Frank L. Carpenter, SO, city, and Edith R.
Elliot, 26, city.
Graham Coghlan. 2S, 741 Chestnut street, and
Elizabeth B. Hook, 26, 741 Chestnut street.
Edward L. Snerry, 25, 1628 Clay street, and
Emma L. Wayne, 25, 1709H Jones street.
Leopold H. Garrod, 22, ' 24 Grove street, and
Rosella C. Simpson, 21, 17 Gilbert street.
Harry C. Brownlee, 26, 610 Polk street, and
Hilda Goodman, 19, 1217 Geary street.
Richard B. Chapman. 27. Los Angeles, and
Mary L. Stephens. 21, Los Angeles.
John E. Kelly, 34, 105 Clark street, and Eva
T. Mayfleld, 20. 266A Shipley street.
William N. Dirks, 24, Alameda, and Emma
Fontes, 18, Oakland.
Edward J. Kreider, 30. Golden West Hotel,
and Eunice Holton, 21, 28 Eighth street.
Frank Freeman, 19, . 632Va Olive avenue, and
Leonora E. Ahern, 18, 28 Tehama street.
Francisco R. Perelra, 23, 412 Cortland avenue,
and Eatophania S. Baptlsta, 20, 412 Cortland.
Charles W. Scheoer, 31, city, and Lizzie
Seheper, 26, city.
BIRTHS— MARBIAGES- DEATHS,
BORN.
LYNCH— In this city, June 29, 1901, to the
wife of Henry H. Lynch, a son.
. . MARRIED. .
DICKENS— COLLINS— In this city, . July 16,
1901, by the Rev. E. J. Lion, Tilden T. Dick-
ens and Jennie Bur Collins of San Francisco.
EPPLER— HEITMANN— In this city, July 14.
1901, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, John G.
Eppler and Anna Heltmann, both of" San
Francisco.
______
Behan, James McLaughlln* William
Cameron, Mrs. M. J-' Nelson, Margaret
Castagnetto, Florence Pendola, Mary
Connor. Marion E. Proctor, George A.
Dallman, John ; . Ryerson, Rose
Danz, Pearl C. Schaefer, Diedrich
Dougherty, John F. Schlpper, Peter G.
Franklin, Hy . Smith, Ellen
Helmers, Nils S. . Stombs, Sadie B.
, Latson, Margaret M. Trull, Sylvester
McCue, Patrick Valenci, Domingo
McGowan, Winifred Waltjen, John H.
BEHAN— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late James Behan to-morrow (Friday)
morning, at 9 o'clock, at St. Peter's Church..
Friends are respectfully invited to attend.
CAMERON— In this city, July 17, 1901, Mrs. M.
J. Cameron, mother of Mrs. J. W. Cuthbert,
a native of Canada. • .
CASTAGNETTO— In this city, July IB, 1901,
Florence Elizabeth, dearly beloved child of
' Florence M. and Edward Castagnetto, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged- 6 months and 12
days.
(t_?"Funeral this day (Thursday), at - 2
o'clock,, from the residence of her grand-
parents, 1234 Dunont street. . Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers. -
CONNOR— In this city, July 17, 1901, Marlon
E., beloved daughter of Patrick and Annie
Connor, and sister of Lillian Connor, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 9 months and 17
days. . • .
DALLMAN— In the City and County Hospital,
July 17. 1901, John Dallman, a native of
Germany, aged 28 years.
DANZ— In South San Francisco, July 17, 1901.
Pearl Cecelia Danz, dearly beloved daughter
of Henry and Katie Danz, and sister of
Ralph Danz, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 months and 14 days.
inyFrlends and accualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her narents, 1214 N street south, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets south,
South San Francisco. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DOUGHERTY— In this city, July 17, 1901, John
F., acn of Rebecca and the late William
Dougherty, a native of County Donegal, I ro-
land, aged 39 years and 5 months.
' c_TThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:45 o'clock, from th« parlor of
J." C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ' -¦ . ' ' ¦¦ ¦ . - '¦
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKRS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
""^EugeneMcGinn. • McGINN BROS. 1
Funeral Directors and Embalmers, •
. 31 . EDDY STREET.
Telephone South Z52. . San Francisco.
No Connection With^Any Other House.
SAW FRANCISCO, Cal.— Notice is hereby given
t-iat • CHARLES HT JACOB of the firm of
CHARLES H. JACOB & CO.. funeral direc-
tors and embalmers, ' 318 Mason ; street, has,
.by order rif coifrt, had his name changed .to
CHARLES H. J. TRUMAN, -by. reason of
• which the name of . his •-. firm ¦ becomes
CHARLES ; H. ' J. 'TRUMAN - & CO. Under
I this name he continues to do .business at the
same place. Telephone Main 5213, ¦
FRANKLIN— In Seattle, "Wash., July 14, 1901,
Hy Franklin, beloved son. ot Marcus and
Hanr-ah, Franklin, and brother of. Isidor.
Nate, Arthur and Melville Franklin. ¦ Mrs. N.
• D. ¦ Newman, ' Mrs. J. Michaels and Mrs. D.
M. Mcses.a native of Oreffon. aged 32-yeara ¦
' and 7 days. .' .
[ETFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day : (Thurs-
day), - at 10:15 o'clock, at the lainily resl-
| edr.ee, 655 Golden Gate avenue. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
HELMERS— In this city. Nils Sam'l Helmers,
beloved- husband of Louise A. • Helmers, and
father of Victor, William and Alexis Hel-
. mers, a native of Skaane. Sweden, aged <b
years 7 months and 17 i days.
LATSON— In this city, July 16, 1901, Margaret
M. Latson, beloved mother of Mrs. H. M. .
Rosekrans, Mrs. Hiram Rosekrans,: Mrs. J.
¦ Lee, Mrs. E. Myers and Charles and. William
Latson, a native of. New York, aged 82 years
and 1 month. • •
(C7"Funeral services -will be held this day I
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence, 336 Shotwell street. Interment private,
Masonic Cemetery.
MeCUE — In Butte. Mont., July 14, 19CQ. ' Pat-
rick, beloved brother of ' Thomas.' Timothy,
Stephen and James McCue and Mrs. ¦Michael
Doran, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
a;ed 31 years. • . • -
(ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
McGOWAN-In San Rafael, July 16." lMt,
Winitred, beloved -wife of . Peter McGoivan.
a native of County Sligo, Ireland, aged 67'
year3. • ¦ ' -•-_ ...
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral - this * day
¦ (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her lato resi-
dence, 2017. Dupont street, thence, to. St.
Francis Church, where a solemn rarulem
high mass will be celebrated for the impose
of her soul at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ' • . •:
Mclaughlin— in this city, July 17. isoi.
William, husband of the late Catherine Mc-
Laughlin, father of Edward, Daniel F.. "Wil-
liam J. and- Cornelius MeLaugrhlln and Mrs. f
F. O'Leary, and brother of Michael Me- !
Laughlin, a native of the parish of Culdaff,
County Donegal, Ireland, agad 65 years.
NELSON— In this city, July 16," 1901, Margaret
Nelson (formerly McDonough), dearly beloved
mother of Thomas, Matthew and Annie Mc-
Donough, Mrs. F. O. Erickson and Krs. W.
D. Conroy, and sister of the . late Thomas
Quinn, a native of Swinford. County Mayo,
Ireland, aged 53 years and 7 montl_. . •
(CTFriends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late,
residence," 317 Harrison street, near. Fremont,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, corner Fr&-
mont and Harrison streets, where a. solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for:the
repose of her soul, commencing at, 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. . •
PENDOLA— In this city, July 16, 1901, Mary
Pendola, beloved wife of Peter Pendola. be-
loved Bister of Mrs. W. Patteson and Mrs.
Peter Howell, daughter-in-law of Mrs. Cat-
*rina Pendola, and sister-in-law of -Mr8.
Mary and Louis VaJsansriacomo, a native of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged' 31 years 6
months and 9 days. -
15" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from 3>30 Eight-
eenth street, thence to St. Charges Borro-
meo's. Church, where a requiem hieh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her' soul,
commencing: at 9:30 o'clock. . Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PROCTOR- In this city; July 17, 1301. George
A., husband of Louise A. Proctor, a native
of New York, aged 45 years 5 months and
10 days. \ .
ICFFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeraJ services to-morrow (Fri-
day), nt 2 o'clock, at the Masonic Temple,
corner Post and Montgomery streets, under
tha auspices of California Lodge No. 1, F.
and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
RTERSON— In this city, July 17. 1901, Rose,
beloved wife of George M. . Ryerson. mother
of John F. Ryerson, daughter of Margaret ¦
and the late William Fivey, and sister of
Miss Essie Fivey. a native of New . Tork
City, aged 36 years 4 months and 9 days.
(New York City papers please copy.)
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Fridey), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 606 Jessie street, near Seventh, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street, ¦ between
Howard and Folsom, for Bervlcea at 1:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriage. .
SCHAEFER— In Baden. San Mateo County.
July 15, 1901, Diedrich' Schaefer, a native of
Amt Delmenhorst, Oldenburg. Germany, aged
32 years. .
[C7" Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral -par-
lors of Theodor Dlerks. 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. '
SCHIPPER— In this city. July 16. 1901, Peter
G. Schipner/ a natiVe of Michigan, aged 40
years 8 months and 26 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 . o'clock., from the : funeral .
parlors of Porter & White; 122 "Eddy street.
Interment National Cemetery.. O
SMITH— In this city, July 16, 1901, _tlen. be-
- loved mother of James ' L. • Smith, a native of
"the parish of Ballycallen, ¦ County Kilkenny,
Ireland, aeed 70 years.
|_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
•'(Thursday)., at 8:30 o'clock.- from her late
residence, 1419 Kearny street, between Union
• and Filbert, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a solemn requiem "hiKh mass will be
celebrated for the reaose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ' .
STOMBS— In this city, July 17, 1901. Sadie
Belle,' dearly beloved wife of William H.
Stombs, mother of Mildred Lorayne Stombs,
daughter of Joseph and Marianna Foster,
and sister of Mrs. T. Bettencourt and Mattie,
Manuel and Joseph Foster, aged 31 years 3
months and 6 days.
. (E?"Remalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eijfhth. . • Interment at San Leandro to-mor-
row (Friday).
TRULL— In this city, July 16. 1901. Sylvester,
beloved husband of Emeline Trull, and father
of Harry Trull and Mrs. A. C. Bassett. a na-
tive of Massachusetts. (Boston papers please
copy.)
E7"The funeral services will take place
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of his son, 838 Clayton street. In-
terment private.
VALENCI— In the City and County Hospital,
July 17, 1901, Dominpro Valenci, a native of
Mexico, aged 54 years.
WALTJEN— In this city. July 16, 1901, John
Henry Waltjen, a native of Salinas, Cal.,
aped 30 years 11 months and 19 days.
tC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funpral this day
1 (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 529 Sixth street, between Bryant
and Brannan, and thence to St. Rose's
Church, Brannan street, near Fourth,' where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the rcDose of his soul, commencing at 9
"o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BAY . AND RIVEB STEAMEB3.
jiSTTjAyFY^
Steamer3 ; GEN. ; FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
v 9:15 a. m., 2:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. ' Sunday, : 9:45 a, m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p.m.. except'
Sunday.' Sunday. 7 a. m.. : 4:15* p. m. Fara S3
cents. . Telephone Main 1S03. ' - Landing and of-
fice, pier 2, UissloD-st. dock- HATCH BROS.
' ./¦ OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Go.
». : Steamers v leave Broadway
V^. ¦ ¦• Wharf. San Francisco:
iS^Sbi_ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
Wf?*Sv£k July 15. 20. C5. 30, Aujruxt »•
SS^^Sw^ Change to company's steam-
l PV PiS^VSa *" at Seattle.
' Bp«&iV£li Fcr Victoria. Vancouver CO.
¦¦ FifcJfKZ&CutiSi C-). Port Townsend. Seattle.
it*^ J **>£&XirV> Tacoma. Kv^rett. Anacortei
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
B5 » 11 a. m., July 15. 20, 23. 30.
Aug. 4. and every fifth day thereafter. Chansa
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at- Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.,
July 11. 16. 21. 26, 81. A us. 5. and every fifth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo <Loa An-
ee l eS )_Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.:
Steamer Corona. Wednesdays. 3 a. m, ¦¦-..>* •
Fos Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cni2.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harfoni
(San Luis Obispo). Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro, Pan Pe-
dro and 'Newport (*Coos Bay only)— Steare»r
Coos Bay. Saturdays. 9 a. m. ; Steamer Bo-
nlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. xn. ¦
For Ensenada. Maffdalena Bay. San Jose dsl
Cabo, Mszatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. • '
The company reserves th"» right to change
steamers, sallinjr dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKFT CF^IC; — V New Montgomery
street f Palace HotelV • - ...
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Asents.
.10 aiaricet st.. San Franrlaco.
O. R. & Af.CO.
O_ly Stesmahtp X»l_» to
v PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lin* from Portland to nil
points Cast. Through lirksts tr» nil
points, all rail oi> Mteam-shio «nrl rail, at
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE 3E2TH aai MlliX
SS. COLUMBIA
Sails July 12, 22. August 1. 11. 21. 31
ES. GKO. W. ELDER
Sails July 7. 17. ZZ^Auirust «. 18. t*
D.W.HITCHCOCK.Gen.Ast-.l Montsom'y. S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
MET T05X. 8GUTnAlfPT0N. LOSDC*. - ?AK1_
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. ..
From New Tork Wednesdays at 10 a. tn.
St. Paul... August 7 St. Louis.. September 4
6t Louis August 14 Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
Philadelphia-August 21 St. Paul Sept. 13
St. Paul August 28 St. Louis ..Sept. 25
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerw.
From New Tork "Wednesdays at _ noon.
Pennland July 241 Kensington ..August 14
Southwark July 31 *Zeeland August 21
•Vaderland ..Angust 7|FriesIand August 23
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery it.
I We have certain special lnducer K
ments to offer to freight shippers |1
and passengers to M
NOME:! I
CHAS. CONKLIN & CO., . _ . 8
710 Market St. Phone Main 5337. p
Steamer JOHN S. KIMBALL sails H
4 p. m., July 20. m
Grand round trip excursion! Kj
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, it 1 p. _..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hicgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers (or
India, etc. No cargo received oa board oa
day of sailing.
6S. NIPPON MARU.. .Wednesday. July 17. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU. ...Saturday, Aug. 10. 1901
SS. HOXCJKONG MARU
' Wednesday. September 4, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Tor
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*,
_L Market street. - corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Ayrat.
¦/PANAMAS Ik ¦HST
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIBEGT.
Cabin. UC5; Steerage, $40.
S. S.' Argyll uails Satur I iv. Auft. 1O
5. S. Leclonaw units Monday, Ar>£. 26
6. S. Arft\13 s-!r Tuesday. Sept. 24
From Steuart street at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
S. S. ZEALANDIA, for Honolulu
•. Saturday, July 20, Z p. m.
S. S.' SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Aus....Tburs.. Aug. 1. 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti .
, Tuesday. August 6, 10 a. m.
J. D.SFSEGKELS k BROS. CO., BsrsraJ Agents. 327 HarSet St
Een'l Passsngap GtSss, 643 iiirket St, Fier Ha. 7. P2S& SI
C0MPAGMS GENEHALB TBAXSATLAMIKJUS
DRIECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _*,**-.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of -^kSaT*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. --««*»•
North River, foot of Morton street; La Bre-
tagne. July 23; La Champagne. August 1; La
Gascogne. Augunt 8; •L".Vquitaine, August 13.
First class to Havre. 170 and upward. Second
class to Havre. J45 and upward GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J.- F". FUGAZI.& CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railrcad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And CIA SUD AMERICA.- A DE VAPORES
, To Valparaiso, « topping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. / Sailing from Har-
rison-st. wharf, 12 m.
AREQUIPA ....Julyl7|PERU ........ August 7
ACONCAGUA ..July 2l|GUATE_ALA...Aus M
Thes« steamers are built exDrensly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapuico or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 31S California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. A«eat_At the office of the Oriental Steamship
Company last evening- it was denied that
Strong and Lady Hope were on board the
Nippon Maru. The passenger list was
produced as proof that the elopers had
uot sailed on the companv'g vessel.
Inquiries as to the identity of "Mr. and
Mrs. Smith and two servants." booked in
the passenger list for Kobe, Japan, failed
to elicit any information as to who the
travelers were.
When the Nippon Maru pulled out into
the stream the head of a man in a straw
bat was seen at one of the ground glass
¦windows of the forward suite on the port
side of the ship, while a woman's head,
\-earing a sailor straw hat. was observed
at the adjoining window. These windows
belonged to rooms occupied by Strong and
Lady Hope.
The suite of rooms in which Strong and
Lady Hope were hiding were locked and
tfce curtains were carefully pinned over
the porthole facing- the forward part of
the Fhip. All the officers of the Nippon
Maru claimed that they knew nothing of
Strong and Lady Hope being on board,
but a minute before the ship pulled out
of her berth one of the officers admitted
that the couple were in hiding. Orders
had been issued by the officials of the
company that nothing should be given out
in the matter.
On Tuesday Strong and Lady Hope
went on board the Nippon Maru and spent
the night in a suite of rooms forward on
the upper deck. Early yesterday morn
ing the dogs belonging to the ex-army
officer were brought to the Mail dock and
placed by Strong's^ servants in a room of
the ship. Strong was seen In consultation
with on© of the officials of the steamship
line on the deck of the vessel.
The greatest secrecy was maintained as
to the departure of the notorious couple,
the officials of the steamship company
and the officers of the vessel profess
ing entire ignorance of the presence of
Strong and his companion on board.
Putnam Bradlee Strong, late captain in
the United States army, accompanied by
Lady Francis Hope, sailed for the Orient
yesterday on the steamship Nippon Maru.
LADY HOPE SAILS
FOR THE ORIENT
William Joost, aged 12 years, residing at
10 Mary terrace, had a knife wound on hia
right shoulder , dressed at • the Emergency-
Hospital yesterday! j The wound was in
flicted by , Oscar Loewenthal, aged 15
years, who lives at 2454 Mission street.
Joost - and two other boys took from
Loewenthal a box of chewing gum he was
offering for sale on Park avenue. Loewen
thal, after being despoiled .of his » wares,
drew a pocket knife and cut Joost. He
was arrested and charged with an assault
with a: deadly weapon.
One Boy Stabs Another.
Death. From Criminal Operation.
Sadie. Stombs, a married woman, died at
her residence last. Tuesday : from the ef
fects of an operation. Shefwas attended
by Dr. Peters,' who • failed > to-" report ther
case to [ the Coroner, I and" the * body was
ordered ' to . the Morgue /yesterday after
noon for an autopsy. " Relatives - of the
woman said that the injury was self in
flicted.,- -.¦;;.•.;--.:. ¦.'¦:.¦;].--,-, '¦•¦•.--..- •-••,-¦¦,¦:•. ,W, :?r S'-.vr.' :
cures piles or J50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and rruarantea It *
Epworth. I*eague Excursion to Beau
tiful Monterey Bay End of the
Week. .
Leave Southern Pacific, Third and Town
send streets, July 20, 9 a. m. Stop at
Stanford University and San Jose. All
Sunday and Monday morning at \ Del
Monte. Monterey and Pacific Grove.
Round trip, $11.50. includes tickets,- ac
commodations at Hotel Vendome, ¦ San
Jose, and Hotel del Monte, Del Monte,
and Seventeen-mile Drive, for Epworth
Leaguers and friends. Southern Pacific
offices, . 613 Market street. Third t and
Townsend streets and Mechanics'. Pavil
ion. -• --.- ¦'¦."' •-¦':¦¦•¦<.
" The Postoffice Inspectors yesterday re
moved; their, office . from the Appraiser's
building to the ferry depot. This com
pletes the removal . of the postoffice- ex
ecutive force front the "Washington-street
postoffice. with the exception of the Post
master, his | assistant, ! superintendent of
the postoffice, superintendent of city de
livery,' and the cashier. The Washington
street office will continue to remain "the
lovers' :' postofflce," where ¥ enamored
swains, married and single, may patron
ize the general , delivery windows under
fictitious names. : The vacated offices in
the Appraiser's building will be taken by
the Chinese Bureau.
Lovers' Postoffice Left Alone.
James R. Dunn, chief of the Chines©
Bureau-, declines all responsibility for the
arrest and- prosecution of Leong Wbon
Ho, the -Chinese woman- who ¦ sold her
house, borrowed money right and left,
and delivered herself to Dr. Gardner
to be deported. • Chief Dunn says
that he was not consulted in the matter
at ail, and that Leong Woon Ho's case is
not a bureau matter, her prosecution for
perjury being in the hands of United
States District Attorney Woodworth. ;. ...
Not a Bureau Case.
Pagendaro and Cliff Are Instructed
as to Their Rights by Judge
Mogun.
Tho cases of Frank A. Pagendarn, fore
man In the San' Francisco Iron Works,
and Fred M. Cliff, a machinist, charged
•with assault to committmurder for shoot
ing 'William Dunn at First and Harrison
streets Tuesday night, were called In
Judge Mogan's court yesterday. They
were instructed as to their -rights, and at
the request of the prosecution the cases
•were continued for a week, as Dunn would
not -be able for some time to leave fhe
Receiving Hospital.
Attorney Jossph Coffey, who represents
the employers' ¦ association, wanted -war
rants issued . for the arrest of fif
teen strikers on the charge of in
• citing a-riot. The Judge de
clined to sign them, on the ground that
the complaining witness Dunn was not In
court and that the prosecuting witnesses
on the riot charges were now defendants
in his court. There would be time to ap
ply for the warrants when the present
case was heard, he said.
WARRANTS REFUSED FOB
ARREST OF STRIKERS
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Tubs and swimming. Best tonic for nervous
and bodily exhaustion. Bay st.. near Powell. •
DE FERRARI HELD FOR TRIAL.— United
States Court Commissioner Heacock yesterday
held Girolomo de Ferrari- to answer before the
Federal Grand Jury for defrauding the Inter
nal Revenue Department by selling liquor
without paying the special revenue tax there
for.
? .
Baron von Polenz, an officer of a crack
German cavalry regiment, who arrived
hero last April from China, and who at
tempted to cut a wide swath in local so
ciety circles, is in trouble In Los Angeles.
A prominent attorney from Los Angeles
arrived here last night with an order to
search the Baron's trunks, which have
been attached by the proprietors of the
Palace Hotel and held pending the pay
ment of a bill for board owed by the Ger
man army officer. The Los Angeles law
yer claims that the Baron's trunks con
tain papers of great value to a number
of people in Los Angeles.
When the Baron arrived here from Chi
na last April he possessed considerable
means which he immediately proceeded
to spend in a manner befitting a member
of the German nobility. When he had
spent all his "fortune" he left for Los
Angeles,- leaving his trunks as security
for an unpaid board bill.
While in Los Angeles he succeeded in
interesting a number of wealthy residents
of the City of Angles in a patent, which
he claimed had been sold to the German
Government. The patent, the Baron said,
would yield immense profits to any one
who would take it up. He claimed that
all the papers which were necessary to
prove his identity with the German nobil
ity were in the trunks held by the Palace
Hotel management.
GERMAN BARON
IS UN TROUBLE
J. S. Howell, Charles J. Heggerty, John J.
Barrett. J. O. Reis, Thomas J. McCann, J.
N. Shannon, H. B. Churchill, Dr. Charles Mo-
Gettigan, Sid Robertson, . Henry Harris. Theo
dore T. Goodman, C. A. Moraghan, J. C.
O'Connor, A. Ulrlch, Harry Toung, Nat Jacobs,
H. E. Curzon, Henry Shaw, Phil Fay, Charter
Delariey, George Jones, John F. Farley, Her
man Kohlmoos, W. H. Kent, Dr. E. N. Short.
Phil Bekeart, Thomas Conroy, Charles Mora
ghan.
He Leaves To-Day to Attend the
Meeting' of the Grand Itodge '¦
.' V. In Milwaukee; <
Theodore F. Bonnet, who leaves to
night to attend the Grand Lodge of Elks
to be held at ' Milwaukee, was tendered a
banquet by a number of his friends at a
downtown restaurant There were toasts,
speeches, songs and a general wishing of
a pleasant Journey to tne delegate-.
Those present were:
liKS GIVE BAaraiTET
TO DELEGATE BONNET
Now, however, the prisoner has brought her
self before me on habeas corpus proceedings
After remarking that the question pre
sented had never arisen before In the his
tory of the country and that it should be
decided by the Supreme Court of the
United States, he continued:
If the petitioner applied to the Federal courts
for a writ of habeas corpus and appealed to the
United States Supreme Court, all proceedings
by this court until decided by the United States
Supreme Court would be null and void. There
fore it seems to me it would be highly improper
for this court to proceed to set this case for
trial — that is. the indictment for trial, and
order witnesses brought here from Delaware at
an expense, of $9000 -or 110,000, when the case
could not be tried. Counsel for the
officers of the court, stated in open court that
it is their intention, should this writ of error
be refused, they will take the question of Juris
diction to the Federal courts upon such habeas
corpus proceedings, and it seems to me that a
decision will be reached much earlier by allow
ing the writ now than by forcing counsel into
the Federal courts . on habeas corpus proceed
ings, as the case cannot be tried pending any
Buch proceedings in the Federal courts. .
Judge Cook took under advisement
Tuesday the request of . the defendant's
attorneys for leave to apply for a writ of
error to the Federal courts, and yester
day morning he consented to grant their
request and in doing so gave, among
others, the following reasons: .
The attorneys for Mrs. Cordelia Botkin,
charged with murder, have gained their
point and will have the question of juris
diction passed upon by the highest court
in the land. In the meantime the date
for the second trial of the defendant Is
indefinite.
¦ If I am wrong in. holding that this State ha3
jurisdiction and if the Supreme Court of this
State is wrong In affirming my ruling, and a
writ of error in this case to the Supreme Court
of the United States Is granted, that court will
so advise me and my order of remand will be
by that court reversed, in which case the pris
oner will still be before me on proceedings
which she, herself, has invoked, and under sec
tion. 1493 of the habeas corpus act of the- Penal
Code of this State I can, should the Supreme
Court of the United States hold the crime
triable only in Delaware, order her delivered
into the custody of that State.
and has herself invoked the habeas corpus stat
ute of this State. That statute bo invoked by
her gives me the power unaer section 1493, as
follows: "In cases where any party is held
under illegal restraint or custody, or any other
person is entitled to the restraint or custody of
such party, the Judge or courc may order such
party to be committed to the restraint or cus
tody of such person as is by law entitled
thereto." ...'..
Notwithstanding the verdict of the Cor
oner's Jury that William Hoist, the vic
tim of the Pacific Stained Glass "Works
fire, met with an accidental death, Cap
tain of Detectives Seymour is satisfied
that he committed suicide. Hoist had
been despondent since the death of his
wife, a short time ago, and frequently de
clared his intention to commit suicide.
Early Tuesday, morning fire was discov
ered in the glass works, of which Hoist
was the proprietor, and an alarm was
rung in from the nearest box. Despite
the efforts of the lire Department, the
place was soon reduced to ashes. As no
trace of Hoist, who was in the habit of
sleeping in the works, could be found sev
eral of his friends started a search for
him. They discovered the charred re
mains of the unfortunate man under a
pile of burning timbers. By his side was
a revolver containing six empty shells.
Four of 'the cartridges had been exploded
by the heat and the other two bore evi
dence of having come in contact with the
hammer. As the body was burned almost
to a crisp the Coroner was unable to
show conclusively that Hoist had commit
ted suicide.
According to the police, Hoist had been
drinking heavily since the death of his
wife and seemed to be mentally unbal
anced through grief over her demise. On
the night of the fire he was unusually de
spondent and frequently referred to his
sorrow in being separated from his wife
by death. Hoist did not enter the works
until after midnight, which was not In
keeping with his usual custom. He gen
erally retired early and was up as soon
as the sun rose. About an hour after he
had returned to the works a passer-by
heard a pistol shot. A few minutes later
a police officer saw flames issuing from
the glass works.
HOLST'S DEATH
NOT ACCIDENTAL
Judge Cook- Grants Leave to Apply for. Writ of . Error to
Federal Courts to Decide Question of Jurisdiction.
LAWS' DELAYS MULTIPLY
TO MRS. BOTKIN'S GAIN
REGISTERING
OF PHARMACISTS
President Searby Says New
Rule Was Made at the
v June Meeting.
State Board Now Admits
Graduates on College
Diplomas.
"And other States, while this board
holds control,", observed Finper, "will no
longer make California the dumping 1
ground of their ignorant and incompetent
drug clerks, as they have done In the
past." .
"We have demanded back dues from
nobody," said Searby.
"Some men came .here and refused to
pay their back dues," said Finger, "and
we said to them, 'You pay what other
men have paid who were not delinquent
under the old law r.nd we will register
you,' "
In relation to the statement of Mr. Sear
by relative to *he exaction of back dues,
F. H. .Wilson, in whose behalf suifmay
be begun to test the power of the board,
says that three years' back dues were de
manded of him before his registration
would be renewed, although he had not
worked as a pharmacist in the meantime,
and that he holds the receipts of Secre
tary Calvert for the amount.
"This board has tried and is trying to
be fair," Searby went on. "I want to call
your attention to the fact that as a re
sult of the working of pharmacy laws in
this State accidents from ignorance on
the part of pharmacists have been almost
eliminated." .
"We had to exclude none or all, and we
took the course of excluding all."
Good and Bad Schools.
"They will be after August 1."
This, it will be observed, does not ex
actly agree with the statement- made by
Clerk Calvert heretofore. Before the
publication in The Call graduates all un
derstood that they must take the exam
ination. ,
"In the matter of the admission of grad
uates without examination," said Finger
of Santa Barbara, "we had to admit all
or exclude all. There are schools— I will
not say in this State — but there are
schools run for no other purpose than the
making of diplomas. If the board recog
nized credentials from the good schools,
it was put out of its power to keep out
the graduates of diploma mills.
"Then graduates, of tile California Col
lege of Pharmacy will not be required to
take an examination before this board?"
he was asked.
The members of the State Board of
Pharmacy, In session in this city for the
purpose of examining candidates for reg
istration under the State law of 1901, had
•every one of them something to say con
cerning the article in yesterday's Call
upon the -board's methods of conducting
its business. For the most part, however.
President Searby was made the spokeman
of the board. "This is not the only board,
nor the only State in which it is exacted
that candidates for registration shall
take an examination," said Mr. Searby.
"The States of New York and Pennsyl
vania and Ohio, as well as many others,
provide that candidates shall be exam
ined before' they are permitted to dis
pense poisons and compound prescrip
tions. Those States accept no credentials.
If I were to go to any one of them my
self, I would have to take an examina
tion before I would be permitted to go
into business.
"I want to say, before I go any farther,
that at the last meeting of this board in
June, the time for the filing of applica
tions upon credentials was extended to
August 1. This was doae for the express
benefit of graduates of the California Col
lege of Pharmacy and of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons, who took their
school examination and received their
diplomas after the date set for the final
applications before this board. We did
this so that there would be no discrimina
tion."
"The present practice of the board, In
this respect, is based, I am informed,
upon an opinion of the Attorney General
that the new law continues the old la_w
in effect. And yet the' new law repeals
the old, and in those portions where it
does not, certain specific reservations of
rights under the old law are made,"
Members of the State Board Talk.
"As The Call has stated, the constltu
tolnallty of the new pharmacy law must
stand the test of the courts," said Attor
ney Frank I. Klngwell yesterday. "My
people are in. this fight to stay. The ac
tion will be commenced just as soon as
the necessary papers can be prepared.
You have heard, I suppose, that the board
has ruled that It will register graduates
of the California College of Pharmacy of
this year's class without examination, on
their credentials. This Is notwithstand
ing the fact that the graduates were giv
en to understand that their credentials
would not bo accepted. Relative to the
payment of back dues, accrued under the
old law, I understand that the board will
accept payment and register the delin
quents who pay up. Nevertheless, In at
least one case where the tender of the
sum duo was made In. my presence, ac
ceptance was refused. Secretary Calvert
stated, at that time, that he had accepted
the back dues from, one applicant and
continued the registration, but that . he
doubted his right to do it, and that my
client must make application for exam
ination. The application was made and
the fee paid, and the man was subse
quently registered anew on his creden
tials. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY; JULY :i8. 1901.
Strong was recognized on Tuesday
night, when he went on board the Nippon
Maru, by some of the customs officers on
duty on the ship. -
14
To- Day.
CHILDREN'S WHITE MARSEILLES
CLOAKS OR CAPES— Fleece lined; effec-
tively trimmed with beautiful embroideries
and Insertions; some worth as high as $4.00.
To-day we offer you your fl> | QQ
choice of many at tJ>l»OO
CHILDREN'S PINK AND BLUE FAN-
CT DIMITT DRESSES— Bretelles over
shoulders ; skirt trimmed with double ruf-
fles; yoke tucked front and back; bretelles,
ruffles and yoke trimmed with fine Va-
lenciennes lace and Insertion; sizes 4 to
14. Regular price of these dresses is J3.00.
We're closing: them out to- fir J v'A Q
day at , tJHo'4-O
CHILDREN'S "WHITE LAWN SLEE7B.
J LESS . APRONS— Trimmed with embroid-
ery and • insertion; . worth 50c; Opr r
sizes 4 to 12. On sale -^Ow
BOYS' CALICO WAISTS— Regr- ''iPZ'Jf
ular price 25c. On sale IUv
' • BOTS' PERCALE \ BLOUSE- WAISTS—
Sailor collar, . front and . sleeves trimmed
with ruffles; our regular. 33c kind, f O/-»
On sale .:. l*7w
WOMEN'S SILK WAISTS— Made of best
quality taffeta, entire front, back and
sleeves of fine tucks; one of the latest and
prettiest effects Is given in this waist by
the insertion of 3 closely stitched tabs
through which - an under portion . of ', still
. finer tucks is disclosed ; considered good
value at ?5.50. On special CO <7ff
OfiV* Sale of WOMEN'S WAISTS—
C/Ow Some made of white lawns;, front
of all over Venetian lace or air over em-
broidery; many .tucked all over and trim-
med with numerous rows of fine insertions;
some made of French ¦ chambray in | colors
of brick red, < watermelon pink, new blues
and tans, and not a waist among the lot
worth less than $1.50.".
WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK.
1212^1214 MARKET SlV
' Between Taylor and Jones. \
SPECIAL BARGAINS!
THURSDAY— FBIOAY— SATURDAY
Some of the things
you need— if not in this
list then at our store
at equally good values*
Sapolio, 4 cakes for. . .25c
Regularly 3 cakes 25c <
Laundry Soap, 7 cakes 25c
' Our "Ideal" brand un equaled
for quality. Usual 6 cakes for 25a.
Lucca Olive Oil, qt bot 50c
Imported from Italy. Regular 60c.
Eastern Bacon, per lb 17£c
Fancy sugar cured hreakfast bacon.
Regularly 20c lb.
Cheese, per lb. 12£e
Fancy California full cream.
Regularly 15c per lb.
Fruit Syrups, bot 35c
Raspberry, Strawberry. Vanna,
Grenadine, Pineapple, Lemon.
Regularly 50c.
Cocktails.. ...... % 4 £ tS
Whisky, Manhattan, Gin and Martini.
Regularly 25c, 60o and *L0O.
Free, delivery. Catalogue- for tha AiHaff.
COPKTBY 0BPSB3 SOIICITTO.
S9 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5523.
».|H'-»I !!¦-» lll» »,., »«, II ». l>. ¦. I.,, ., „, S <_»ll^_ _|H'>|' 1
The J. Nooobii Furniture Co. (Inc.) '
' '« : : , J I (
4^f^fl 'I e~«""V|
— : — -i •» * -^
e If LJ p— • ~ I,
©\6H-0R- blTTkE-AT-A-TIttE: V
Chamber Suites l'
1 Only $15.50. ' ('
1 Elegant golden oak finish fine (
i suites for very little money. We i
have more expensive ones for )
more money; mahogany, oak, )
cherry, etc. We can furnish your
whole house complete for a very '
i small figure. We pay no rent —
you get all the benefit. Try us /
once and you will always trade
here. '
The J. Hoonan Furniture Company ( i
(Incorporated). \
' I?.l 7 "siS? 3 M| sslon street (
Abeve Sixth. - San Francisco. 1
»« close at 6 p. m. every day but—*'
- Saturday. V
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
ADVERTISEBCEETTS.
• ~~^vK Another" xnenfioxr of^"^¦-/vP^^^^
m tSm Bathing fA .
f|WfJ Suits- AAyif
There's style to a bathing a¥ '^"~
T"" M ' suit— at least there should be. . .* _ -[_
- <5*v *' l^n!!'* " ts S et^ n S more pronounced . »- ,mr lj*>. _" »-
I - r^n^S — I every season. Here are suits •»— ~ r~
with style and dignity and some shape to them— so different to wnat you
rent. Then you take anything that's given to you and pay more at the end
of the season than if you had bought one to begin with.
At $2.75. ; -
LADIES' BATHING SUITS, good quality alpaca, made with trunKS and
blouse In one piece, with separate skirt— colors navy blue and black £.•<»
At $3.75.
ALL-WOOL BATHING SUITS, navy blue, trimmed with bands of red flannel,
sailor collar, separate- skirt finished with rows of white braid.
At $4.5O.
DARK RED BATHING SUITS, made of alpaca, with .^iViSfd with
lar and tie-separate skirt which as well as collar and sleeves is finished witn
white wool braid— dark red only.
Sale of Kid Gloves, 40c pr.
Some of them need freshening up a bit, others have the misfortune to be
shy of certain sizes in certain shades. As a whole there's every size from
SVa to 7. Some in one shade, some in another, tans, modes, browns, reds
and white. One price while they last, 49c.
We can't touch the glove question without saying something about our
"H. B." Gloves for a Dollar.
They are the embodiment of all that skill and art have conceived. Women
who have been used to wearing 51.50 gloves now prefer them. They have two
clasps and covered seams— come in a full variation of all the pretty shades.
For Sl.oO-We are selling the celebrated "Hte. J°uvin" % I< £ es - t^ e Z ( ,"!.,!£ so r
lutely perfect In fit and wear— ma^e from the choicest, of French kid skins in
all fancy and staple shades. "We also have the blacks, with patent nook
• fasteners. . . •
We clean and repair free of charee— All gloves costing $1 and upwards, and
as long as you .want us to. .
Magnetic /yrice-s in
Present-style hats-
We knew you'd want a fill-in hat, so we've got these ready. Mark you
they are not styles you don't want. That wouldn't be in keeping with our
new July policy. We are making cheapest now what you want now—
Sailors 25c.
Bough straws, in good stylish blocks.
Walkers 35c— they were 55c and 48c.
There are several styles, draped hats. Fedoras, straws In all colors, good styles la
splendid variety.
$1.50 Trimmed Hats 95c.
Several pretty chic styles put up by our own experienced milliners.
$2.25 Trimmed Hats for $1.95.
And at %Z 25 they are under-priced— they are products of our own workrooms, fixed up
from the best materials.
$3.25 Trimmed Hats for $2.95.
Some of our smartest hats in this lot. - "We've put a few of them in th» window. Ther*
are not enough of any one kind to describe— we want you to see them.
STRAW BRAIDS— lc, 3c, 5c, 10c and 15c.
WIRE FRAMES — 5c each. , • - - -
BUCKIiES— 14c and 29c.
FLOWERS AND FOLIAGE— lie, worth 15c to 35c
I ¦ THE, PRICE, OF I
I HAS BE,£N REDUCEJD TO I
I If your dealer cKarges you tlie i
I old price, 5 for 10 cents, 4on $ t I
I pay it; go to a dealer who will 1
I give you your money's worth I
[Bring this Ad. with you "1
and get 10 Percent Off J
Our line embraces one of the
most compl-ete assortments of
good trunks ever offered. ¦¦ In
fact, we have trunks for all
purposes. Our
'BUREAU TRUNK
. is a perfect marvel of conve-
niences, and is, li«?ht, , strong-
and ornamental. We also have
a choice line of dress suit cases \
and bags of all descriptions.
128-132 Ellis St.* Sty
I/ / |m^$sN dentistry I
1 "MN1R0QM" 1
I 1001 MARKET, Cor. 6th. |
I _y_ &Pm&$MS* 'jm
Hy S^E*^; Jmim
M Our prices on high-grade shoes are completely in the' shade. Dur- H
Kg tag our Special Midsummer Sale they have dropped as the mercury ID
Kj falls when It is struck by the north wind. The following are ex- H
£| amples of what has happened to our prices on broken lots small Ha
res sizes and a few entire lines of our best footwear: Km
m LADIES m
H W£n*and^i S «£- Tan Chrome Kld ' h and- S ewed welt and turn sole, B
H - REDUCED TO §1.50 .Former price. |4, $5 and $6. M
flS .Broken lots of Ladies' Tan and Black Kid Oxfords— m
H Srt. EI> T ° 5Oc ~ Respective of former prices-to close them ¦ S
S fize^and'width^- 1^^ 11161 * one ~ Btrap sll PPers, French wood heels, all H
{]¦'¦ REDUCED TO S2.7O. . hi
I MISSES and CHILDREN, 1
¦ «ad M T^ S Sho 1 es3 Ildren ' s broken lots of . the finest grades of Black ' 9
«5 REDUCED TO 31. OO to close them out. §B5