Champion Oarsmen From Npted Golleges and Amateur Rowing
/ Clubs Are in Fine Formfor the Sensational- Events at theHenley
on-Thames Regatta— Pennsylvanians Are Confident of Victory
CAMBRIDGE'S TRINITY HALL GREW
WINS THE PRELIMINARY HEAT IN
THAMES CHALLENGE CUP CONTEST
ONE DAY'S RECORD OF INTENSE HEAT. !
won the Ladies' Challenge Plate, beating
college eights . from Oxford and Cam
bridge. :'
\ The course at Henley is one mile 550
yards., from Regatta Island to the Red
Lion Hotel, which Is near the bridge ;the
crews row against the stream, but this is
made as little of a hindrance as possible
by closing the locks above and below on
the days of the regatta.
The .Henley "course : was soiriewhat
changed in 1896 'with the intention of ren
dering matters more equal- for the con
testants on the Bucks and Berks stations.
The famous Leander Rowing Club, which
is made j up of old Oxford ' and Cambridge'
"blues," i has ; won the Grand . Challenge
Cup eight. times and holds it now. Henley
is distant aboutiforty miles from London,
or one hour's ride by rail. Its hotels and
cottages are crowded during regatta week.
Ordinarily the. station near the Berkshire
bank of the river is the more advantage
ous, but, when a strong westerly or south
westerly wind .is blowing, j the ¦ shelter, af
forded" by. the i bushes on, the Bucklngham
shire bank Is .worth a good .deal... As the
race j is ; a" short one It -has to be rowed at
top speed; and here {he narrow blades and
the : tremendous ' reach and body ¦¦ swing,
i combined ..with a hard catch at 'the begin
ning of the , stroke, give . English crews a
great advantage. . Then there are no' con
flicting J theories :of rowing among good
English; oarsmen, the -style In - vogue at
Eton, Radley ; and J the forty-odd colleges
of 'Oxford and Cambridge being precisely
the same: : Aj considerable proportion of
the: best 'oarsmen in England comes from
Eton^\ where j every .'.'house's has its eight
oar.Vand^the j headmaster - : of .' •. which [was
In • hia : day one of ; the best oarsmen In the
country. 1 *: The. Oxford - University eight
usually,;' visits .Eton' for " some days in
each year, to get the benefit of his coach
ing. ' ' - ;*;/:. .. ¦;. .¦¦- ¦¦-; > • >;»$&&**¥&
The only American colleges which have
sent crews to Henley, regattas are.Colum
bia,. In 1SS5, Cornell arid .Yale. ; This year
the crew of the University of Pennsyl
vania is at * Henley. : In 1897 • E. : H. Ten
Eyck won the Diamond Sculls, . but was
not allowed to compete in 1S98. because he
was suspected of^ professionalism, being
the son of a professional and an Intimate
of professionals. He shortly afterward
justified the _ suspicion by openly entering
the professional ranks.
.Henley regatta is managed >by a board
of stewards, most j of whom \ are old ' Ox
ford, or Cambridge; oarsmen.; ; .The'" Grand
Challenge Cup Is for eight- oars with cock
swains, and the contestants must be mem
bers of a .university /or -'public school
(such as' -Eton,'' Harrow,^Winchester; etc.)/
officers of : the army or navy/- or members
of an amateur 'club \ established at least
one year ¦ before • the 'day/ of entry. The
other principal prizes : are V .the -Ladies'
Challenge Plate arid the -, Thames Challenge
Cup, : ± both'. for eight bars,! the; Stewards*;
Visitors', 'arid' Wyfold .Challenge' Cups" for
four oars; the Silver Goblets for pair bars
andthe'Diamond Sculls." The eight-oared
crew of Eton schoolboys has severaltime3
BY ARTHUR INKEESLEY.
The 'regatta at. Henley {on-the-Thames,
England,' was Instituted in 1839 and began
with only one prize— the Grand Challenge
Cup which is still the blue ribbon of ama
teur oarsmanship. ..The Universities of
Oxford and Cambridge used to compete
at Henley, but have long ago ceased r to
do so' as it is found J impossible • to • get
the eightjbest menat eachuniversity to
gether, twice" in a year. .So the two great
English universities reserve their best ef
forts for the annual race from Putney to
Mortlake. ¦ Good college eights go to Hen
ley each year from Oxford and Cambridge
and though these crews are picked from
colleges comprising only j 150 to 250 men,
they have hitherto been found quite able
to dispose of crews from all other parts
of the world. • . •';¦;• ' '¦'.'¦
Oarsmen Participate.
Events at Henley in : Which Crack
HISTORY OF. THE REGATTA.
training this evening by a final pull over
the course,, finishing with three minutes'
brisk stroke, at. a splendid gait, : which
elicited the applause of the spectators. '
BARGE CREWS PRACTICING ON THE THAMES FOR THE HENLEY RE
GATTA AND. THE POINTS OF STARTING AND FINISHING IN THE
CONTESTS FOR THE VARIOUS PRIZES. '
HENLEY, England, July 2.— Owing
to the large number of entries
for the Thames challenge cup
at the Henley regatta, which
commences to-morrow, three
heats in the contest for that trophy were
rowed this afternoon. The results were
as follows:
First heat— Trinity Hall, Cambridge,
beat the Vesta Rowing Club. The Cam-,
bridge men led throughout and paddled
home six lengths ahead in 7:35.
Second heat— The School of Mines won
by a length and three-quarters. Time,
7:33. I .'
Third heat— Kingston beat the Thames
Rowing Club by two lengths. Time, 7:57.
The heats were rowed under depressing
conditions, with heavy .clouds and occa-.
sional rain. The weather prospects" for.
the formal opening of the regatta to-mor
row are not promising.
Americans Are Confident. .
The oarsmen of the Pennsylvania Unl- .
verslty did only routine work. this morn
ing The Belgian crew's rowing was the
feature of the niornlng's work. They ere- :
ated such a favorable impression that
many of the spectators thought it quite
possible that they would beat Leander in
the trial heat, in which, case the Ameri
cans and Belgians would in all probability |
meet in the Grand Challenge cup final.
The . American crew will have ' its ¦ first
race over the Henley course > to-morrow.
The members of the crew themselves ate
very confident, not only of the result of
the race ¦with the London Club, but they
are also confident of winning the final on
Friday. The general . opinion of rowing
men here to-night, however. Is that Le
ander is sure to win in the final, and from -
more than one quarter the correspondent
hears the opinion expressed that at least
two of" the Pennsylvanlans are over
trained.. There was little evidence of this
when the American oarsmen came in from
their paddle this, afternoon. They all
looked, fit. Coach Ward, who stood by:
and noted his men with approving glances !
as they carried their boat to the boat
house, said: .
Coach Ward Satisfied.
"I am perfectly satisfied with their work
and their condition. In every respect the
boys are as good as ever they were in
their lives. I have great hopes. Of course
It is always difficult to predict the result
of any boat race, but all I ask is. that all
the men be in as good condition Friday as *
they are to-night."
Coach Ward is undisturbed by the fact
that during Leander's trial, over the full
course the latter made several seconds
better time than the Pennsylvanlans. '
"The conditions were entirely, different,"
said Ward, "and I am well satisfied with
the outlook."
The Pennsylvanians concluded - their-
city, as well as -the patrol wagons and
many other vehicles, were kept busy
answering calls. At the rate of about one
a minute the calls came in over the po-?
lice wires throughout the day. breaking
, all records of demands upon the ambu
lance service, and providing patients
enough to crowd all the hospitals of the
city as they have never been before
crowded.
While " the official temperature In the
lofty tower of the "Weather Bureau re
mained . at PS. the temperatures on the
street level ranged all the way from 100
to 10S.
The terribly fatal nature of the heat
was shown in the large percentage of
death? among those prostrated. Of the
210 cases of prcstratlon reported up to
I 11:30 o'clock to-night. 143 resulted fatallyl
Among the more prominent victims
were Rev. Dr. Newland .Maynard. an
Episcopal clergyman and lecturer: Jacob
S. Rogers, the former locomotive builder,
and L. E. Adams of Chicago, editor ot
Eouity.
Between the hours of 2 a. m. yesterday
(Tuesday) and 32:43 a. m. to-day (Wednes
day), there were in the boroughs of Man
hattan and the Bronx 158 deaths and 173
prostrations.
The same weather conditions which pre
vailed in this city were experienced in
Brooklyn. It was estimated by the po
lice at midnight that during Tuesday
there had been sixty deaths and 150 pros
trations by heat in Brooklyn."™
In Greater New Torjc.
.The total number of deaths In. the bor
oughs of Manhattan and the Bronx be
tween the hours of 2 a. m. yesterday
(Tuesday) . and 2 a. m. Wednesday morn
ing were 165. The prostrations during- the
same period were 173. The total for
Greater New York was: Deaths. 223;
prostrations. S73.
FIFTY DEATHS AT PITTSBTJRG
Prostrations Too Numerous for an
."/Accurate Record.
PITTSBURG. Pa.. July 2.— "While th«
maximum temperature to-day did not
reach yesterday's figures, the effects of
the long continued torrid weather were
morft disastrous than on any day since
the hot spell began. Up to 11 p. ra. fifty
deaths had been reported in Pittsburg.
Allegheny and suburbs, with many pros
trations. The only out of town death vic
tim was Charles Henney of Lexington,
Ky. He was a prominent Elk, and, was
here on business. He was found uncon
scious In a closet in the Pittsburg Bank
of Savings and died shortly after reaching
the hospital. All of the fatalities are
probably known to the authorities, but
the prostrations have been so numerous
that it Is hardly possible to keep track of
them. Beginning at 8 o'clock this morn
ing the thermometer registered 83 degrees
and at no time during the day did It go
below that point. At 4:30 p. m. it stood,
at 94.' the maximum, and gradually reced
ed until 11 p. m., when it registered 83.
These are the Government figures and
hardly approach the marks on reliable in
struments on the street leveL In one mill
at the Homestead plant fifty-two men
were prostrated and finishing mills No. 23
and 32 and open hearth mill No. 3 had to
close down. The workmen were as busy
carrying out and caring for their com
rades who were prostrated as they wera
In performing their legitimate labors. In
numerable children throughout the city
are heat victims, and . the { mortality
among them Is unprecedented. So many
horses have succumbed to the heat that
deliveries of all kinds are badly crippled.
Particularly la this the case -with the de
liveries of ice, and for a time almost an
ice famine was threatened, even though
the • ice companies had an abundance at
their plants. One ice company lost flfty
six horses, while other companies suffered
in proportion.
HIGH TEMPERATURE RECORDED
Deaths Reported in Various Eastern
Cities.
"WASHINGTON, July 2.—Thunder
storms in this vicinity closed a decidedly
hot spell late in the afternoon. The ther
mometer, which had reached almost a
hundred degrees at noon, fell steadily
throughout the afternoon and evening 1 , so
that at 9 o'clock to-night the record at
the Weather Bureau showed only 78 de
grees. No promises are held out of a con
tinuance "of the comfortable weather.
There were a dozen heat prostrations and
five deaths up to 6 o'clock to-night.
CLEVELAND, O., July 2.— The highest
temperature reached here to-day wa3 92.
To-night a good breeze is blowing. Five
deaths a-nd eighteen prostrations were re
ported to-day.
TOLEDO, O.. Jnly. 2.— Three deaths oc
curred here to-day from the excessive
heat. All were laborers. The official fig
ures show that the maximum temperature
in Toledo was 93 degrees.
DETROIT," Mich., July 2.— Four deaths
Causes of the Big Strike.
This view would r.ot be taken were it
rot for the attitude cf two men. One cf
them Is Charles M. Schwab, president of
the United States Fteel Corporation. The
other is Percival F. Smith, head of the
American Sheet Steel Company. Schwab.
as the right hand man of Andrew Carne
gie, has crushed cut union labor in *he
Carnegie Works. He is one of the most
emphatic anti-unionists in the country
and believes that labor unions retard
TWO OLD WOMEN MAY HAVE
PERISHED IN THE FLAMES
PITTSBURG. July 2.— Aside from
the faith that is being pinned to
J. Pierpont Morgan's probable
6tate of mind when he steps from
the Deutschland to-morrow, there
5s no sign that the Joint strike involving
most cf the mills of the United States
Steel Corporation will be avoided. The
strike that has begun was until to-day
practically no strike at all.
The men are not working for two rea
sons: First, many mills at this time shut
down anyway for repairs; second, the
men left work owing to tne failure of the
representatives of the union and of the
manufacturers to sign the scale, but no
itrike was ordered until notice was sent
out by President Shaffer to-night. The
expiration on June SO cf the scale which
has not been renewed was a signal for
work to bo abandoned and the men, like
a trained army, quit without the formal
ity of a notice and will remain idle until
the scale Is signed.
A far more serious phase ¦will be devel
oped in two weeks. If at that time, when
the repairs are completed and the men
have had their rest, the scale be not
Fipried then will come the great conflict.
There is ground for the belief that the
prrat chain of plants of the United States
Steel Corporation, with the exception of
the Carnegie Works, will be tied up and
between 150,000 and 200,000 men will volun
larllv hrrnTip iril*>
NEW YORK, July 2.— A tornado struck
the shores of the Hudson River. near Os
sining, N. Y., this afternoon, cutting a
path two miles or more long and several
hundred feet vride. All along its course
trees were uprooted, buildings unroofed
and windows blown In. No houses were
blown down as far as reported, neither
•wers there any fatalities as far as can
be learned.
The tornado embraced practically the
whole village, and the Sing, Sing Prison
was in the very center of' the storm's
path. There was great excitement and
much tamage. Almost every window on
the water side of the prison was blown
In, «jn<S the rain and yellow mud, scooped
up by the wind, was driven through the
prison in every- direction. '
The prisoners had just been locked in
their cells for the night when the. blast
hit the place. They set up an awful howl-
Ing and screaming. Their terror was in
tensified when a moment after the win
dows were blown in there was a ripping
and roaring sound caused by the wind
tearing off the roof of the administration
building. The roof of a shop, was also
torn away.
Through the village trees were torn up
by the roots. Some of these were large
and some were hurled Into houses, crush
ing in the sides and carrying . away
porches and eaves.
TORNADO CAUSES GREAT TERROR
IN THE SING SING PENITENTIARY
Interested in export trade. The United
States, Great Britain, Japan, and it is
thought Germany, are in favor of an in
crease in the customs duty of China to 5
per cent effective. This would require
that the other revenues of China be drawn
upon to assist in the settlement of the
indemnity. Russia and France support
the customs tax of 10 per cent effective,
believing that the indemnity can be settled
more promptly by such an increase in
customs.
end that a power receiving them shall
dispose of them as it sees fit.
The United States was willing that
these bonds should bear 3 per cent inter
est, but finding Itself alone on this point
agreed as a compromise to accept 4 per
cent Great Britain and, it is believed,
Germany were willing to accept the bond
proposal- . •¦ ¦„';
Russia, Japan and France at first de
6ireil an international loan, but it is clear
that this proposal would not be adopted,
and then in order that the bonds they
would rpgerve might be floated at par the
suggestion ' was made that the rate of
interest be advanced either to 5 per cent
or that in order that they might receive
in full the moneys claimed for expendi
tures or damages an additional amount of
bonds be issued in their favor. Both of
these suggestions w.ere unacceptable to
the United States.
Regarding the means China shall adopt
for raising funds with which to meet the
indemnity there is a division between ex
porting nations and nations not so deeply
CALL BUREAU. 1405 G STREET,
Iff. W., WASHINGTON, July 2.— The dead
lock on two Important points of the In
demnity question is the result of almost
four months' discussion by the powers of
this feature of the Chinese negotiations.
These two points are: The method of
payment China shall adopt and the means
China Ehall adopt for raising the Indem
nity demanded.
The powers are divided on both of these
points. Regarding the method of pay
ment, the United States has. insisted from
the start that China shall give to each
power bonds to the amount of Its claims
DEADLOCK OF POWERS ON POINTS
OF CHINESE INDEMNITY QUESTION
by a second and then a third call for the
f.re fighters.
The scene as the frightened inmates
rushed half-naked into the streets, utter
ing shrill cries and imprecations, beg
gars description. As the flames rapidly
spread from the central structure to-, the
adjoining buildings the pandemonium in
creased.
Half-clad women, shrieking hysteri
cally, attempted to dash back into the
blazing buildings, crying out that some ot
their children or their kin were perish
ing in the flames, and it took the united
efforts of the police and the firemen to
ished in the flames.
At 3:30 it had been impossible to verify
these rumors of deaths, and it may be
possible that the women may have been
rescued by friends and found shelter in
seme of the nearby houses.
The burned tenements were situated on
the side of Telegraph Hill, and the flames
were therefore clearly visible throughout
the city, leading to the general impression
that the conflagration was greater than
it really was.
While the financial loss is not heavy,
the destruction of the chattels in the old
buildings is a serious loss to the poor
Italians inhabiting the place.
Two aged women are thought to have
perished in a fire that broke out in the
Latin quarter at 2:45 o'clock this morning,
destroying three tenement houses at H15
and 317 Valiejo rtreet and 3 Prescott
place, together with all the contents.
The three tenement houses were occu
pied by Italian fishermen and their fam
ilies. The tenement at 317 Valiejo street
was a four-story structure, and was con
ducted by C. Demarti. who also con
ducted the hou«e at 3 Prescott place,
which was a three-story building. The
house at S15 VaJlejo street was a three
story tenement, conducted by M. Scheelin.
It was in the Scheelin building that the
farces were first discovered. How the
fire originated is not known, but as soon
as the flames were seen an alarm was
turned in. and this was quickly followed
restrain these frantic creatures from
sacrificing their lives.
The firemen got the fire under control
at 3:30 o'clock, though at that hour the
old buildings were still blazing fiercely.
Between seventy-five and eighty peoplo
were rendered homeless, losing all their
worldly effects.
There were many rumors of loss of life,
some placing the number of victims as
high as five, but closer inquiry brought
the number down to two. One of these
victims is supposed to be Mrs. * Taran
tinl, an aged cripple, who resided in the
tenement at 317 VaJlejo street. Several
persons stated that they saw her trying
to get out, but that she fell back into the
flames.
Other persons also stated that another
old woman in the same building had per-
Early Morning Fire Destroys Three Tenement Houses,
Together With All . Their Contents, in the Latin-
Quarter on Telegraph Hill: .-'.'¦,. > •
The "suffering .caused by s the heat . was
unprecedented. All the ambulances In the
It was after the hottest July 2 in the
history of the local Weather Bureau,' and
a day that almost reached • the city's rec
ord - of September 7, . 1SS1, that this scant
relief came. The morning opened with
the temperature at S3 at 6 o'clock. In an
hour f it ¦ had , gone • to S7, and in another
hour had climbed a point higher,' jumping
all the way to 93 by 9 o'clock. The wind
was; scarcely perceptible, and the humid
ity." which was 59 per cent, aggravated the
conditions. .,' Then ; the mercury^ kept on
'climbing, registering 95 at 10 jn' clock and
going up a point an hour until it reached
9S in the hour between ; 12 and -1, and
stayed .there until .after 3 "o'clock. The
humidity, : however, had fallen to 41 per
cent. -.
NEW YORK, July 2.— The heat which
has worked such havoc in this city since
last Sunday wa3 somewhat mitigated late
this afternoon fcy a succession of thun
der-storms, which cleared the atmosphere
and sent the mercury tumbling down 10
degrees between the hours of 4:30 and 8
p. m. Never did a downpour of rain re
ceive such an enthusiastic reception as did
this one. The thunder and lightning were
heavy, and many houses were struck,
causing fires, but so far as known . no
person- was killed or injured. During the
last downpour hail fell in quantities. .
fortunates at Ne-w York.
Vehicles Kept Busy Gathering In Un-
"Acting Chief TJ. S. "Weather Bureau."
SUFFERING IS TJNPRECEDENTED
"The eastward movement of another
low pressure fir ea in the extreme West
renders it improbable that there will be
any long continued relief from the high
temperatures over districts now affected,
but it Is not probable they will reach the
previous extreme in the Atlantic States,
because of the . influence of a moderate
West Indian disturbance, which appears
to be moving northward over the Lesser
Antilles. H. E. WILLIAMS,
"The hot wave which has prevailed dur
ing the. ten or twelve d'ays over New Eng
land, the Mi'ldle Atlantic j States, the
lake region, the Ohio Villey and trie Cen
tral West and Northwest, continued dur
ing Tuesday, although temporary relief
was ifforded during the afternoon by
numerous thunder-storms in New England
and the Middle Atlantic States and at
Chicago and St. Lot'Is. . As yet this warm
wave has not equaled in duration those
of 1SS1 and 1900. except in New York City,
where during the present hot wave the
maximum temperatures have ranged
from 90 to 98 during the past seven days,
exceeding the greatest previous record by
two degrees. Neither have the extreme
temperatures of the present wave yet ex
ceeded the previous., highest records,
although they very nearly equaled them.
Low Pressure Over Wide Area.
At "Washington the maximum was 100,
but during a Rust in the afternoon the
thermometer fell 15 degrees in as many
minutes. Numerous prostrations and
deaths are reported from the heat, and in
many places industrial plants were forced
to suspend operations.
The Weather Bureau to-night Issued the
following:
.Phoenix. Ariz., had- the highest tem
perature- to-day.^ the thermometer regis
tering 106, . while at Philadelphia ; it was
again 102, at Atlantic City 96.' Boston 94:
Chlcaero, where over half an inch of rajn
fell. S6;. Cincinnati. 96. Davenport. Iowa
92, Des JToines 94. Indianapolis 94. Kansa3
City 100. Little Rock. Ark.. 93. Fitchburg
97. Pittsburg 94. Salt Lake 96. Springfield.
111.'. S6. St. Louis 96 Vicksburg 94.
The indications for the next twentv-four
hours for a large portion of. the heated
area point to cloudy weather, with show
ers, which, however, because of their local
character, will bring only partial relief
from the heat. The prediction oCrthe offi
cials, here is- that the temperatures for- 1
the next forty-eight hours will show a
fall, of probably four or five degrees, but
that they will still climb above the 90-de
gree mark in most places. The Atlantic
coast: will get- some relief from a "West
Indian disturbance which Is now moving
north ward.
Phoenix the Hottest Place.
W" SHINGTON. July 2.—Re
ports-received at the Weather
Bureau in this city from
throughout the entire area
affected by the, intense heat
show a continuation of very^ hic:h temper
atures, save in a few favored localities,
where more moderate weather resulted
in consequence of thunder-storms or other
local atmospheric disturbances. No Im
mediate relief of a substantial character
is in sight. The rainfall reports show
that there has been precipitation through
out the affected area varying from less
than a hundredth of an inch in many
places to almost an inch. Generally speak
ing, the thunder-storms which have come
have been - what Is known as "dry
storms." f>o tl4it very little rain has ac
coTrranied them. .
progress. He said before the Industrial
Commission at "Washington on May 11
that labor organizations were not fair to
bright workmen because they put them
on the same plane with 'poorer ones, and
he thought such organizations were a
great mistake and a great injury to labor.
Smith, the other man who is contribut
ing to the seriousness of the situation,
has been In frequent conferences lately
with officials of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation qt Iron Workers who refused on
Sunday to sign the sheet iron scale.
Smith, it is generally believed, is seeking
a labor conflict regardless of conse
quences. He represents a branch of the
trade that is a part of the business of
the United States Steel Corporation. That
corporation controls his company.
Conditions of Machinists' Strike.
WASHINGTON, July 2. — President
O'Connell of the International Associa
tion of Machinists, said to-day that he
regarded the machinists' strike as practi
cally won.
"Even if an order should be issued at
this time directing all men out to return
to work on the old basis," he said, "the
nine-hour day would be won.
"The movement has been attended with
every success and in many respects is the
most remarkable struggle on record.
There are now only 8000 men out and
agreements are being signed every day,
reducing this number. It has not been a
strike. It simply has been a cessation of
work. A strike, to the mind of the, pub
lic,* means riot and bloodshed. The ma
chinists have had none of these. It is
true, there have 'been one or two cases of
assault, but these are liable to occur at
any time and cannot be chargeable to the
machinists."
The first financial aid to be received by
the machinists since their strike began
was accepted to-day by President O'Ccn
nell In the form of a check for $5000 from
the American Federation of Labor."
Probability That Nearly Two Hundred Thou
sand Men Will Leave the Several Plants
Owned by the Billion-Dollar Corporation
GREAT STRIKE ORDERED
AND THE BATTLE IS ON
AGAINST THE STEEL TRUST
Continued on Pags Two.
SAN FRANCISCO,: WEDNESDAY, JULY 3, 1901.
VOLUME XC— NO. 33.
Torrid Rays of Old Sol Cause a Heavy Cas
ualty List and in Several States There
Is No Immediate Prospect of Relief
HOT WAVE STILL CLAIMS
HUNDREDS OF VICTIMS
IN CITIES OF THE EAST
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
CITIES.
! Temper- I Proxtra- I
atnre. ( tions. I Deaths.
.1
!
I
Kew York I
k !
OS
21O
14S
Brooklyn . i
08
I
ISO
CO
Philadelphia I
102
20O
25
St. Louis . . . !
9O
7
Pitt.tbnrsr ..:..... I
.
i
SO
Cincinnati
96
10
AVanlilngrton ..I
Toledo I
1OO
O.I '
¦
12
Cleveland I
18
Baltimore ....[
1O3
/
4D
23
CITIES.
! Temper- I Proxtra- I
atnre. ( tions. I Deaths.
.1
!
I
Kew York I
k !
OS
21O
14S
Brooklyn . i
08
I
ISO
CO
Philadelphia I
102
20O
25
St. Louis . . . !
9O
7
Pitt.tbnrsr ..:..... I
.
i
SO
Cincinnati
96
10
AVanlilngrton ..I
Toledo I
1OO
O.I '
¦
12
Cleveland I
18
Baltimore ....[
1O3
/
4D
23TOUISIG BUSINESS MAN AND TALENTED YQTX) frOUNTT MISS. WHO*
' "WILL. BE UNITED IN MARRIAGE TO-DAY ?AT THE HOME >OP. MRS.
S. A. HUSTON OF WOODLAND.
'WASHINGTON, July 2.-Harry Ache
son, who has been an usher at the: White
House since President Garfleld was Presi
dent; will; become a s pension' examiner
nextweek. He. will' be succeeded on the
White House staff by Charles J. Pusey of
Maryland,- the . Pullman conductor : who
was in charge of the- train on which the
President, and r arty recently made the
trip to the Pacific Coast, •. •¦•
White House Usher Promoted.
TJlTKNOWir MATT DIES
IN THE PATROL WAGON
Found I/ying- at Point of Death, in a
Doorway on Sacramento
Street.
An unknown man, about B0 years of age.
was found "last -night at about 11 o'clock
by Special Officer Frank Farrell lying in
a very precarious condition in a doorway
at C25 Sacramento street. When the offi
cer discovered him he was apparently at
the point of death. A patrol wagon was
immediately summoned, but the man died
before the police station was reached.
At the Morgue, where the body was
searched, nothing was found by which
It could be identified. There were no
marks or bruises upon his person to indi
cate that he had met with foul play.
" The man was attired in a dark suit of
clothes. He was about 5 feet 10 inches in.
height and weighed In the neighborhood
of 180 pounds. He had gray whiskers and
was slightly bald. When found In the
doorway his shoes were missing, which
would seem to indicate that, suffering
from Illness, he had wandered from his
room to perish In the street.
Swindled by a Comrade.
Thomas McDoull . and Warner E.
Hughes were members of the same regi
ment and were paid off last Sunday. They
took rooms in the St. George Hotel, 812
Kearny street, kept by Peter Toplni.
McDoull deposited $70 with Topinl and got
a receipt for It. Yesterday morning he
discovered that Hughes had stolen the
receipt from his pocket while he was
asletp and had presented It to the clerk
at the hotel, who handed him over the
money. Hughes paid his bill and dis
appeared.
PHILADELPHIA, July 2.-Philadelphla
passed through another period of torture',;
and to-night -many persons lie dead as a
result of the day's excessive heat. More
than 200 others were prostrated.' The of
ficial record of temperature made yester
day, 102 degrees, was eclipsed to-day,
when the Government thermometer' at 3
p v m. touched 102 8-10 degrees, which now
stands as the Quaker City's record. Just
as the temperature attained these tQp fig
ures an electrical disturbance off to the
south caused a welcome change in the at
/nosphere. In twenty minutes the tem
perature dropped to 35 degrees and the
wind rose from a hot zephyr of several
miles to a cool breeze of twenty miles an
hour. The temperature continued to fall,
and at 5 p. m. 82 degrees, the minimum
for the day, was recorded. At thai time
the wind had increased to thirty miles
: an hour. Then there was another change,
and by 6 o'clock the temperature had shot
up to 90, but immediately' after that it
began. to grow cooler, and at 8 o'clock the
degrees of heat registered were 86, with
an eighteen-mile breeze blowing over the
city. - .. -
Until the distant storm referred to re
lieved the suffering. of map and beast,
matters were becoming serious. Early in
the morning . the hospitals . began receiv
ing heat patients, and there. was no such
institution in the city that was not taxed
to Its limits throughout the day. Yester
day's record breaker in the way of deaths
had been outdone before noon, , at which
hour twenty-five deaths had been re
ported to the police. The .¦ pt-ostrations
also outnumbered those of yesterday.
Up to midnight fifty- two deaths •' had
heen reported, with over 300 prostrations.
These lists of deaths and prostrations are
increased hourly as further reports are re
ceived from police stations and -hospitals.
BOSTON, July 2.— A gale of wind, ac
companied by a beautiful display, of great
banks of black clouds and here and there
deluges of rain, temporarily broke the
heat wave throughout New England late
this evening. The storm ended tho sixth
Philadelphia Passes Through An-
other Period of Torture.
PROSTRATION AND DEATH.
and three prostrations from the heat is
the record here to-day. The maximum
temperature was 90 degrees. At 5 o'clock
this afternoon a heavy rain and thunder
storm cooled the air and lowered the tem
perature to 88 degrees. It continued to
drop until at 9 p. m. the weather office
reported the maximum 76 degrees, with
the temperature falling steadily.
ST. LOUIS, July 2.— The long, deferred
rain came to St. Louis this afternoon at 4
o'clock. The rain was not of long dura
tion, but In forty-five minutes .81 of an
inch of water had fallen. At 1 o'clock
this afternoon the thermometer registered
93 degrees. After the rain the mercury
dropped to 80 degrees. Thirty-three per
sons — a larger number than were treated
during the entire summer of 1900— are at
the City Hospital suffering from heat
prostrations. During the twenty-four
hours ending at 8 o'clock to-night four
deaths and seven prostrations had been
reported.
CINCINNATI, O., July 2.— Two deaths
and sixteen prostrations were reported
here to-day, making a total of seventeen
deaths and ninety-two prostrations during
the present hot spell. The Government
thermometer at 4 p. m. registered 92 de
gress, which is 5 degrees lower than at
the came hour yesterday. At 9 o'clock to
night the thermometer recorded a tem
perature of 85 degrees.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. July 2.— The tem
perature at 3 p. m. was 100 degrees, and
there was very little breeze. Four heat
prostrations were reported. A number of
horses died on the streets. The prospect
for continued hot weather to-morrow and
on the Fourth of July is good. The high
est official temperatures in the United
States to-day were reported from Kan
sas—Hays City. 104; Fort Scott and Mc-
Pherson 103. At midnight to-night ther
mometers on the street registered 87 de
grees, and hardly a breath of air is stir
ring. To-morrow will probably be hotter
than any day yet. One death from heat
was reported to-day. ¦
NEW, YORK, July, 2.— Jacob S. Rogers,
formerly owner of the Rogers Locomotive
Works of Paterson, N.' J., was found dead
hi; his room in the Union League Club of
this city "to-day. ' , •:-.' •
Jacob S. Rogers.
' SANTA ANA, July 2.— David H. Newton
dropped dead at hisL_home on West Third
street this morning. He was 65 years old
and death was probably due to heart
failure. , • . ¦- < .•,'•,>.•.:.•<•.:¦;
David H. Newton.
NEW YORK, July 2.-Albert I* Johrson
of Cleveland, brother of Mayor TonV L.
Johnson, died sto-night at Fort Hamilton,
a Brooklyn suburb. Johnso'n died from
ah affection'of the heart. Although he had
been, ill for some time, he had only been
confined to the house about three weeks.
At his bedside when he died were his wife
and four children : his brothfer, Tom L.
Johnson, and his mother. .-¦
Albert I#. Johnson.
WATSONVILLE, July - 2.— P. Ai Peck
ham died early this morning from a par
alytic stroke. He was a brother of the
late Judge R. F. Peckham of San Jose.
He is survived by a widow and eeveral
children, among whom are George W.
Peckham. editor of the San Jose Specta
tor, and Charles E. Peckham, late editor
and- proprietor of the Watsonvllle Daily
Register. The funeral will take place
here on Friday, morning.
P. A. Peckham.
Heat prostrations in Chicago to-day
were due rather to the great humidity
thatf to oppressive heat. In point of heat
85 was the highest recorded.
During a heavy thunderstorm late in
the afternoon the lightning struck in
fully twenty-five different places in vari
ous parts of the city, Tl)e flre depart
ment was forced to respond to eighteen
alarms of flre, all due to lightning.
CHICAGO, July 2.— Two deaths and nu
merous prostrations were reported in Chi
cago to-day, and two men were struck
by lightning in the course of the thunder
storm which brought relief late in the
afternoon. One woman, who suffered
from thejieat. attempted suicide.
Started.
Two Men Are Struck and Many Fires
LIGHTNING IN CHICAGO.
During the six days of Intense weather
about seventy deaths from heat were re
ported in New England, of which a score
were In Boston:
BALTIMORE, July 2.— This city was
again at head of the hottest cities to-day.
At 8 a. m. the Weather Bureau thermom
eter registered a temperature of 91 de
grees. The highest point reached by the
mercury to-day was at 2 p. m., when it
touched 103 degrees, the maximum tem
perature of yesterday, and this figure was
maintained for an hour. A slight breeze
between 5 and 6 o'clock brought it down
to 86 degrees, and the minimum tempera
ture of the day— 80 degrees— was recorded
at 8 p.m. Up to midnight 23 deaths and
49 prostrations were reported.
day, and practically the worst of the
heated spell, for while fatalities were not
quite as numerous as on other days the
prostrations were many and severe, ani
mals succumbed more readily and Infan
tile diseases increased to an alarming ex
tent.
UT WAVE- STILL CLAIMS HUNDREDS OF VICTIMS II THE EAST
Continued from Page One.
The silver service is of six pieces, lined
with gold. On the salver is the inscrip
tion:
"Presented to Colonel J. B. Wright by
the employes of the Sacramento division,
Southern Pacific Company, California,
July 1, 190L"
The presentation was made at the resi
dence of Colonel Wright, twelve employes
of the company representing the em
ployes. The speech was by Bonus Light
ner, the veteran engineer. A feeling re
sponse was made by Colonel Wright.
SACRAMENTO, July 2.— Colonel J. B.
Wright, who was for many years super
intendent of the Sacramento division of
the Southern Pacific Company, was pre
sented with a magnificent silver service
by the employes of the operating depart
ment of the road last night. The service
cost $S00, the subscription being limited to
$1 each, and is one of the most beautiful
ever turned out in this State. Colonel
Wright only recently entered a stately
house on H street and the service will
handsomely become his new possession,
while it will always remain as evidence
of the esteem of the men charged with
the actual duty of running the division
over which he presided.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Beautiful Silver Service
for Their Former
RAILWAY MEN'S
GIFT TO WRIGHT
struck an uncompleted brick apartment
house on Ninety-fifth . street, near West
End avenue, this afternoon, destroyed the
house, with an estimated loss of $150,000.
The high wind prevailing .carried the
sparks to residences in the vicinity, caus
ing damage to the extent of several thous
ands of dollars. Among other buildings
destroyed was the old Riverside Drive
hotel, which, forty years asp, was a resort
of- the elite of the city. '
Loss of One Hundred and Fifty Thou
sand Dollars Caused in New
York.
TSEW YORK, July 2.-L!ghtnlng which
BOLT OF LIGHTNING j
DESTROYS BUILDINGS
The body of a man, which was after
ward identified as David Anderson, was
found a half-mile off the trail, near No.
2. Bourbon Creek, on June 15. A Coroner's
jury later returned a verdict to the effect
that he came to his death by freezing.
When the Senator left the north Port
Clarence Bay was still frozen over and
closed to navigation."
SEATTLE, July 2. — The steamship Sen
ator arrived to-day from Nome. The
Senator pulled into her pier about an hour
after the Centennial had tied up. She
had ten passengers and probably $100,000
In gold. The vessel left Nome at noon on
June 22 and brings but little later advices
than the Centennial. She had an unevent
ful voyage down.
When the Senator left Nome the steam
er John S. KImball had not arrived in
port, nor had she been reported. There
was some uneasiness felt as to what could
have caused the delay to the steamer.
The Senator experienced the same
trouble with the Bering Sea Ice on the
return voyage as did the Centennial. She
tried to get to St. Michael, but, like the
Centennial, had to abandon the attempt.
The Senator brought a consignment of
gold valued at $62,000 from the Nome
Banking and Deposit Company to the Pu
get Sound National Bank. There was $20,
000 divided among several of the passen
gers.
On June 23. one day out from Nome, the
Senator spoke the steamship St. Paul.
The St. Paul had been slowly pushing her
way through the ice and was then six
days out from Unalaska. She had tra
versed 370 miles during that time. All on
board were well.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Senator .^Arrives at Seattle
'With Gold From the
Nome District.
Enter Northern
Harbor.
Steamers .Yet Unable to
ICE BLOCKS WAY
TO ST. MICHAEL
Carries Man She Nursed,
. ZANESVILLE. Ohio. July 2— Miss
Barah Munson and Ernest Alfred North
cotte were married at the summer home
of Ebenezer Buckingham of Chicago at
Lake Forest on Sunday. Miss Munson
formerly lived here. About a year ago
with her parents. Judge and Mrs. G. D.
Munson, she moved to Los Angeles, Cal.
About six months ago Northcotte, secre
tary of the Great Southern Gas Company
of this city, was stricken ill and taken
to the hospital. Miss Munson came here
at once from California and nursed him
hack to life, even after the physicians
had given him up. Last week he was able
to leave the hospital, and with his fiancee
Jeft for Chicago Saturday.
" RICHMOND, Va., July 3.— Telegrams
received here this (Wednesday) morning
say the big Homestead Hotel at Hot
gpringB, Va., was destroyed by fire. The
jguests'and servants of the hotel were all
safely housed in the Virginia Hotel and
near-by cottages. There was no panic
and no person was hurt. The loss ls esti
mated at $500,000. Tho hotel will be re
built at once.
m
Fire on Antioch Hills.
ANTIOCH. July 2.— A big flre raged yes
terday and last night on the hills south
Of Antioch. Thousands of acres of pas
ture and some grain were burned. The
hills now present a desolate appearance.
FliAJffiES I/EVEUOra FOBESTS.
Conflagration Rages in the San Ber
v*': nardino Mountains.
. SAN BERNARDINO, July 2.— The for
est flre that has been raging for four days
Jn Deep Creek Canyon, in the San Ber
nardino mountains, is assuming alarming
proportions. Forest Supervisor Bartlett
to-night sent out additional men to assist
the regular rangers. The conflagration was
started early last Friday morning by care
less campers, who forgot to put out their
fire before breaking camp. Fears are en
tertained that Suverkrup & Hook's big
lumber mill, and logging camp will t>e
burned, as the flames are now In close
proximity. " -
Noted Hotel Is Burned.
KESWICK. July 2.— For four days past
a forest fire has been raging a few miles
* southwest of this place. The Crown
Point mine buildings have been destroyed.
miles of fencing burned and much stock
pasturage denuded, the fire sweeping over
liundreds of acres. The conflagration was
started by the carelessness of two trav
elers, who left their campflre burning
near Mile Mountain. A north wind
fanned the fire and It spread and rolled
southward in a billow of flame. Its roar
could be heard a long distance.
Extensive Damage.
Forest Fire in Shasta Comity Does
As Williams ls a town of but a few hun
dred Inhabitants, it would appear unlikely
that the loss entailed in its destruction
vould be $1,000,000, unless the conflagration
reached the large sawmills some distance
away. These plants are extensive, and
their destruction would account for the
high estimate made in the foregoing dis
patch. .
3V1I Nil BTJTLDINXrS DESTROYED.
WILLIAMS, A. T., July 2.— Fire started
tliis morning at 2:30 o'clock In Fleming's
general merchandise store, completely
wiping out the main business portion of
the town— two entire blocks and a portion
of another. A conservative estimate of
the loss is $1,000,000. The insurance covers
only a small portion of the loss. It is not
believed any persons perished. There was
virtually no water supply and no fire de
partment.
The following are the principal losers:
T. A. Fleming, $5000; Tolfree Hotel, $35,000;
E. M. Twitty, 53000; George U. Young,
"Williams News office, $12,000; J. Johnson,
$3000; M: Salzman. $100,000; M. A. Ranney,
$23,000; J. Weltzler, $6000; Tetzleff, $3500;
Ben Sweetwood, $10,000; Captain P. Smith
Company. $1000; J. C. Phelan, $5000; Poison
Bros., $50,000; George Matthews, $3000; C.
E. Royce, $2000; "Williams Drug Company,
$1000; Hayward Hotel, $12,000; L. Schay,
50000; Simpson's Opera-house, JSOOO; Nal-
Pkolsky. $7000; A. B. Bruner & Son. $3500;
"W. A. Dodson. $6000; George W. Martin.
$7000; J. Walsh, $1000; H. Layb. $2500; H.
F. Ashurst, $2500; Button Furniture House,
$5000.
at a Million Dollars.
I>oss in. "Williams, Ariz., Is Reported
DENVER, Colo., July 2.— A special to
the News from Globe, Ariz., says: A dis
astrous flre occurred here to-tiay. The ap
proximate loss is $80,000. Fourteen build
ings are destroyed. Fire now under con
trol.
FIRE LEVELS KN TliiE TOWN.
PHOEXIX. Ariz.. July 2.— A private
telegram received hero this evening re
ported that the north end of the town of
Globe, through which Pinal Creek takes
its course, has been destroyed by fire. No
particulars have been received and none
¦wtU be to-night, for the reason that Globe
is connected with the world by a private
telegraph wire that ls not in operation at
night. There Is no way of learning the
crigin of the lire or the property loss.
The north part of the town includes
i bout one-third of the business portion,
though none of the larger stores. Kell
r.er's lumber yard is said to have been
turned and there are a number of resi
dences, blacksmith shops, stores and sa
loons In that vicinity. "Whether the flre
has spread south of the creek is not
known. . .- ,.
'Globe about eight years ago suffered a
lire that destroyed the entire business
j;art of the town. In connection with to
day's conflagration it is interesting to re
«all that about two weeks ago, according
to Giobe^newspapers, the local volunteer
Tire companies called upon the business
men for aid In their efforts to provide flre
protection. The meeting was called and
Vmt on© merchant was present. The flre
raen then caused to be published the fact
that they woull disband, and that should
¦ a conflagration start they would take
great pleasure In witnessing the devas
tation.
Arizona Town in
; Ashes.
Residents Suffer Through
Neglect of Their Fire
Department
Special Dispatch to The CalL
FIRE DESTROYS
PART OF GLOBE
Northern Portion of the
James Hare Wins the Heart and Hand of
Pretty Bertha L. Huston, Only Daughter
of the Editor of the Home Alliance
CHARMING WOODLAND MISS
BECOMES A BRIDE TO-DAY
FRIGS LITTER
CITY STREETS
Minneapolis People Star
tled by Strange Visi
tation.
Huge, Green Mass Drops Into
the Town- During the
Storm.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MINNEAPOLIS, July 2.-If one of the
Egyptians mentioned in Exodus had re
turned to-day to -the world of his early
activities he would have found little dif
ficulty In calling 1 to mind how the country,
Buffered from the seven plagues many
thousand years ago. -
¦ While- the storm- -wras at Its highest
pitch, the air assumed a sudden cyclonic
hue and turned dark and threatening In
Northeast Minneapolis. All at once there
appeared, as if descending from the sky
in the direction of the wind a huge green
mass, ; looking so much like a cyclone that
extraordinary precautions for safety
were made. ' ; , ~
'- When the storm ? abated a surprising
scene met the gaze of the citizens as they
threw, open windows and doors to get the
benefit of the cool air. Three inches deep
and covering 'an area of more than four
blocks was a collection of a most striking
variety ' of : frogs-. So thick was the con
signment "of "quackers" In some places
on the . sidewalks . and in the street that
traffic was impossible.
FIVE NEGROES KTT«T,KT>
IN" FIGHT WITH OFFICERS
Deputy Sheriffs in Mississippi Re
turn Fire of Blacks While on
Investigating Tour.
FRIAR'S POINT, Miss., July 2.— A re
port from the southern part of Coahoma
County, to-night states that Deputy
Sheriffs Frank Johnson, Edgar Montrdy
and Frank Mullen were fired upon by
negroes upon entering an alleged "blind
tiger." ¦ The fire was returned and many
shots were exchanged. It is stated that
four negroes were killed outright and that
a fifth has since died from wounds. The
white men escaped uninjured. The of
ficers went to the place where the shoot-
Ing occurred to investigate a complaint
from several citizens that "blind tigers"
were running in violation of the law.
Gompers Bapidly Recovering.
WASHINGTON, July 2.— President
Gompers of the American Federation of
Labor, who suffered concussion of the
brain as a result of a fall from a street
car last week, is progressing rapidly
toward recovery.* He will go -to Deer
Park, Md., to-morrow.
EARL KNEELS
BEFORE PEERS
Russell Appears for Trial
in the House of
; Special Dispatch to The Call.
— LONDON, July 2.— Earl Russell, accom
panied by the Countess (Mrs. Somerville)
drove to the House of Lord3 this after
noon and appeared at the bar. He was
formally taken Into custody on the charge
of bigamy, by Black Rod General Sir
Michael Blddulph.
Earl Russell made many obeisances in
advancing to the bar. Formerly it was
the custom to approach the bar in a
crawling position, on hands and feet, but
this has been modified. On reaching the
bar Lord Russell sank on his knees and
remained there until the Lord High Chan
cellor, Lord Halsbury, told him to rise.
When asked if he had any application to
make. Earl Russell requested that the
,trial be postponed beyond July 18. in or
der to enable him to prepare his defense.
His application will be heard July 4. The
Earl was released on' bail. The proceed
ings were private.
Honors for a First Bishop.
ST. PAUL, July 2.— The Catholics of the
Northwest celebrated at St. Paul to-day
the semi-centennial of the arrival here
of their first bishop, the Right Rev. Jo
seph Cretin. This forenoon pontifical high
mass was celebrated by Bishop McGol
rick of Duluth on the grounds of the St.
Paul Seminary. Archbishop Ireland
preached the sermon. After the mass a
Te Deum was chanted. At 3 o'clock took
place the Aula Maxima of St. Paul Semi
nary, the presentation of the jubilee fund
and of the memorial volume.
Mrs. McKinley Is Improving.
"WASHINGTON, July 2.— The President,
who is busy clearing: up public business
prior to his departure for Canton on
Friday of this week, will see only those
having urgent matters to bring to h.ls at
tention. " The extreme heat of the past
few days has not affected Mrs. McKInley
unfavorably. ._
THE SAN FJRANC1SCO CALL, WEPfffiSDAY, JULY 3, 11)01.
WOODLAND, July 2. — Miss
" Bertha I* Huston and Mr.
James Hare ' will be married
to-morrow at the residence of
Miss Huston's mother In this
city.' The bride to be Is a sweet and pret
ty young woman, very popular In church
and social circles, and the only daughter
of Mrs. S. A. Huston, editor of the Home
Alliance.
Mr. Hare is a young business man who
recently came from Marysvlllo to this
city. !
2
THE DAY'S DEAD.
yCSS^K- VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY fcr MEN
JB$H*®L MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
fcj%^^ Sl*?* have been in U3e over fifty
fc¥$"H?C»% years by the leaders of the
i EsSxP^fJcGrk Mormon Church and their fol-
BSj£&uwWju| lowers. Positively cure tho
BrfisUfvQi!®* worst cases in old and young
V2?^iVtSiu arising from effects of self-
VsN-^T^'fS?? abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
TfeSKvty Manhood. Impotency, Lost
NsStSwr I Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, fSS. g^, Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Nef^jffJ rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects yZ.JzL a re Immediate.
Impart vigor andCc«TS potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a eur» Is at
hand Restore small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; SOc a
box- *6 for $2 60 by mail. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 8 boxes. Of*
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO..
•10 Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO.. .;28 and 40 Third gt.
DR.PiERCE'S I
OOLi>EI%I
MEDICAL.
FOR THE
I B1_OOD,L1IV5R.1LUMGS.1
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
— of the: — %}
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- —OF THE—
MANCHESTER FIRE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF. MANCHESTER. ENGLAND. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1900, and for
the. year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia: pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $3,312 14
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
- Bonds owned by Company 1.40O.8SO 00
Cash in Company's Office 21,944 54
Cash in Banks 135,157 66
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loan* 5.054 1?
Premiums in due Course of Collection 270,302 56
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Flre and Marine Risks . 153 93
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid.' 4,293 83
¦¦ Total Assets fl, 841, 098 85
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $88,244 83
Ix>ssp* In process or Adjustment or
in Suspense 71.122 S3
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 15,203 20
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning 1 one year or less. $l,07S,333 68:
reinsurance 50 per cent 539.167 83
Gross premiums on Kire Risks run-
ning more than one year, J9S9.9SO 61; \
reinsurance pro rata 4S6.0SQ 42
All other liabilities 79,SSS 47
Total Liabilities J1.2R9.403 40
INCOME.
N°t cash" actually received for Flre
premiums $1,337,23) CJ
Received for Interest and dividends
' on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 52,436 72
Total Income I. .$1,439,748 78
- , . EXPENDITURES.
Net amount raid for Fire Losses (in-
' cludlnjf $125,685 47, . losses of pre-
vious years) .:... $376,05117
Paid or allowed for Commission or"
Brokerage : 2S3.5C2 38
Paid for. Salaries. Feed, and other
charjres for ofneers. clerks, etc.... 86,602 08
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes W.701 n
All other payments and expenditures. 88.398 0*
Total Expenditures Sl. 395, 255 43
Flr^
Losses Incurred durlnjr the year $9G8.754 69
Risks and • Premiums.' Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written -during, the
year ................... $179,879,502 $2,015.063 14
Net amount of Risks
¦ expired . during 1 the *
year '. I 173.572,742 1,911,679 44
Net- amount in forcel
December 31. 1900 .....| 194.146.167 2.063.316 17
*"" = ~~~ GEO. S. A. YOUXO.
JJ. S. Manager. '
Subscribed and pwnrn to before m*. thin 6tlJ
day of February. 1901. EDWIN F. COREY
Commissioner for California In New York-
pacific coasTdepartmenf,
323 California Street, S. F.
THOS. J. CONROY, Manager.
' GEO. W. BROOKS, Asst. Mgr. .
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE& CO Directors
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Scrofula
. Few are entirely free from It.
It" may. develop so slowly as to cause
little if any -disturbance during the whole
period of childhood.
It may then produce irregularity" of the
stomach and bowels/dyspepsia, catarrh,
and marked tendency to consumption be-
fore manifesting itself in much cutaneous
eruption or. glandular swelling.
It is best to be sure that you are quite
freo from it, and for its complete eradica-
tion you can rely on
Hood's Sarsaparllla
The best of all medicines for all humors.
The best Whiskey made in Scotland
ANDREW USHER
Oi Vi Gr
specialIeserye
* To fc» obtained tho Vorld over of Wine
Msrciistj ml Cellars
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO., siNFKANcisco
Pacific coast agents
OH. METEHS&CD. jg^&fe'
Specialists. Disease Jtfg|£p r "^^W&
and weakness of Ip|p? V
men- Established slijgy wtSsff*
1881. Consultation tty| / V^^ Wf
and . private " book "*^ . \.\
free, at office or by AJ|j* v
mall. Cures guar- '
anteed. 731 Mar- K&Sm&W
ket street (eleva-
tor entrance). San /M^/ _§SM 1|^k
Francisco,. =.,. v ...•.¦
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
{S A GREAT KESTOilATXVE. INVIGOKA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th>» Kld-
neya and Bladder. Sells oa its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agent*,
123 Market st.. S. F.— (Send fcr Circular*.)
*>vvvvv\v\vyvvwvvvvvvvwwvwv;
I A PERMANENT CURE 1
2 of the moat obstinate cases of GonorrhoM <
? and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
c days ; nc other treatment required. S
S Sold by all drnggistk.. ... ?
IA/. X. HESS,
K0TAEY PUBLIC AND ATTOSHEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013, Claus Spreckela Eld?.
' Telephone Brown 931.
- Residence. 821 California St.. below PowelL
San Francl3co.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
.>--£¦ • ¦ ,
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—- •
CALEDONIAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH. Scotland, on tha 31st (Jay
of December, A. D. 1900. and for the year
ending on that day., as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blanJc
furnished by the Commissioner..:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company J1,S34,«8O on
Cash In Company's Office W3 K
Cash In Banks 1O.931 93
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans H.4S4 13
Premiums In dua Course of Collec-
tion l&i.ttM 9S
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 493 9*
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 2.1U *)
Total Assets .11.910.617 S3
LIABILITIES. " ==
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ U.72S U
Losse" in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense- 48.540 TO
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 11,196 13
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or lesn. $937,721 08;
reinsurance 50 per cent 4«3.9&> 54
Gross premiums on Flre Risks mn-
- nlnp more than one year. JS33,-
978 27: reinsurance pro rata 4W.2M 74
All other Liabilities 69,733 $3
Total Liabilities ..$1,101,382 82
INCOME. =
Net cash actually received for Flra
premiums '••..........fl.333.4C3 41
Received for Interest and dividends
. on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other foureea «X7S2 90
Received for profit on sals of se-
curities 7.108 3
Total Income Jl.I9s.279 54
EXFEN DIT U HES. ' t ~ ~
Net amount paid for Fire Lone*
(Including: $3)1.773 23, losses of
previous years (830.488 3
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerag* 359,400 43
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
chanres for officers, clerks, etc.... 90.008 17
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes .-. 40.SM13
All other payments- and expendi-
tures : 82.332 13
TottI Expenditures J1.323.K9 31
Flr«.
Losses lnenrred dnrlnr the year $ 79«.883 5a
Risks and Premiums. I Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year J13«.9S3.S«3 11.702. S43 13
K»t amount of Risk*
expired during: the
year ..:...... . . . . 15XTO.443 1.59S.1M U
Net amount In forcel [
December H. 1900... ,j 181.595.182 \ 1.831.699 43
CHAS. H. POST. TT. S. Manager
N. A. McNElL. Assistant Manairer.
Subscribed and sworn to before me tht« 28th
day of January. 190L H. 15. FRANCTC.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COASTDEPARTMENT,
323 California Street, S. F.
THOS. J CONROY, Manager.
6E0 W. BROOKS, Asst. Mgr.
BALFOUR, GOTHRIE & CO. Directors.
ADVEBTISEBUaTTS. _]•_
Fty>$sSHSS' r - W 'y A»^ j&3 rnrT^TWBff^™"fiMMBBTrifiiT«fffinBWw8(viir8ffy HlffftT ffi
|u)| M. Pasteur, of France, invented a process for kill-
pgi ing all possible germs in a product, and we use it. Shm
ill Af ter each bottle of Schlitz beer is filled and sealed Pri
Frf it is sterilized. . Spl
a'Si This is an extreme precaution. The beer is brewed jgjBjg
P|| in extreme cleanliness, cooled in filtered air, then Sjj
&£jm filtered. It seems impossible for a taint of impurity to LjIJ
Pjfi get to it. Yet we sterilize every bottle. Ir^l
Eu|] . We, who know brewing, know the value of purity. l|gjg|
|?li| We add vastly to the necessary cost of our beer to Sv|
W$ assure it. You who drink it get the healthful results of yM
||&J our precaution. Your physician knows; ask him. W&&
E»Uj 'Phone Main 447, Sherwood & Sherwood, 212-1* Market St., San Francisco. E&§1
M^ Every Bottle Steriiized E^H
/^ W^ I TUIIDCniV tJitsummer. 1
I **¦ | I jflUsiouai _ I
Oak Extension Table, 42-in. U I . ' . . o §3
quarter-sawed oak top, heavy g g jiip MWi-j « • wn, ¦ H
fluted legs, extends to six R g 6 i! arrives In |]j
feet $8.75 H | Ch!canoat2i5 U
•Get an estimate from us on | SSJl iuJs! pn on Thursdays |
everything required to furnish a H liul II illlllisi H
your entire establishment. 1 | Vfl "' W"" 111 and Sundays. |
Credit and'free delivery within § B iigiivpiv * H
100 miles. We close at six. | | 1^1! Jlj H
except on Saturday. | | LI lil 1 1 LU Its hlgH slandard S
_- -^ '^, I 1 clservlcalJ §|
To Brilliant j I •*— — ¦ i
FURNITURE CO,, 1 1 WI3TI ft |
338-342 POST' STREET, | S **"" ¦ » B l f
Let Us Take a Pmno Into Your Home.
#175 This dull summer month of July ls
J^ m^ &$&£& the) time when you can buy sl piano
Es^y^-S-j "¦^T"T> ]T^5~'' > ~ to a better advantage than during
JtfJjt Jff^i/i t J •^fyJmAsJL-M. any ot * ier seas °n of the year. If you
c Tr^ l !L Vf-'J- -f r"i'lVii$n£s?\ want a high-grade piano such as tho
' / lK\\/^Wr^(J/t</ TTARTITWATT. PACKARD or CON-
i til \» ;%-— I ' \ mrr . \tJ \ 0 VEB, let us say to you that we will
ill N^l SjTi\ deliver one of these pianos at a lower
V I f— vSs^^^"^* 5f I W Price Just now than you will ever be
'. 1 I — . i|~7~~^nT*yi^r \\ able to obtain one again. ..It is our
I / T^§^/v//Sr 1 \\ Intention to make July the banner
M -SPUzJ I fffff I \\ month of the year, notwithstanding
ffYltlM^^r^zsMl ; \\\ the fact that " ls a dull . sumnier /
|Rj , ?— 3y " Investigates our new "easy .payment"
I f,Vj . . ' :rnr ' plan. .There is no excuse foryour not
* /\r , having 1 a piano now, no matter how
1 ¦«* <tt/?^. limited your means may be. We are
JsJ *y^^l^ tno People to assist you and can show
£¦¦» «»"«—-• y OU e very consideration.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 933 Market St.. Sati Francisco.
BRANCH, 351 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.ton * Duncan, the venerable lawyer and
fighter from Kentucky, who has had un
fortunate legal entanglements with hla
daughter, Mrs, Tom Lewla, concerning
the disposition of the late Mrs. l>uncan's
property and jewels, waa examined In th*
Township Court to-day on supplementary
proceedings. His daughter's attorneys
subjected the old man to a. rigid examina
tion aa to what sources of lncom» ha had
beyond those derived from his late wife's
property. The colonel replied that h» had
made several thousand dollars by the
correctness of his political prophecies of
the election in '92, having backed his be
liefs heavily. He addeE that his income
had been increased considerably by his
skill as a whist player.
Mrs. Lewis' attorneys asked Colonel
Duncan to irive the names of som« of the
gentlemen from whom he had won at
whist. The KentucMan indignantly re
fused, protesting that snch action would
be unworthy of a Southern gentleman.
The court insisted that the colonel an
swer, but Colonel Duncan refused to take
the least notice of the court, burying hl9
silvery head in the /olds of a newspaper.
As the /township Justice is powerless un
der the present law to exact a fine for
contempt of court, the proceedings of ne
cessity came to a standstill.
Torpedo-Boat Biddle on Trial.
BATH, Me., July 2.— The official trial
trip' of the torpedo boat Blddle was held
to-day. The contract speed was ' twenty
eight knots, and It was unofficially stated
that she averaged 2S.6 knots during a two
hours' speed run. ¦'.:.' .-•;_ '
Aged KentucMan Befoses to Tell
From Whom He "Won. Money
at Whist!
LOS ANGELES, July 2.— Colonel Blan-
COLONEL DXTNCAir DEFIES
JUSTICE OF THE PEACH
TttATTT CHEW BATTLES
"WITH THREE TRAMPS
Conductor Sends a Bullet Into the
Head of One of His
Assailants.
SAX BERNARDINO. July 2.— News has
reached here of a fight that took place
early this morning on the Southern Pa
cific Railway at a watering station be
tween Indlo and Yuma. The participants
were the crew of an east-bound freight
train and three tramps. Shortly before
reaching the station the tramps were dis
covered by the head brakeman stealing a
ride. He requested them to get off at the
next stop. They did so. but when the
train started they again got aboard. The
train was stopped and upon being ordered
off again, the tramps drew knives and at
tacked the conductor. The latter drew
his revolver and nred. The bullet entered
the head of one of the tramps. The rest
of the train crew came to the conductor's
assistance and finally overcame the
tramps. The wounded man was placed
aboard a passenger train and taken to the
Sisters' Hospital in Los Angeles for treat
ment.
Suicide Follows Attempted Murder.
REDDING, July 2. — Crazed by liquor,
Thomas Young, a teamster at Bella Vista
lumber camp, twelve miles east of Red
ding, attempted to kill his wife yesterday,
and when ¦ she escaped from him he sent
a bullet through his own brain, dying in
stantly.
Killed by a Cave-In.
REDDING, July 2. — John Rose, a miner
aged 35 years, was caught in a cave-In
this morning in the tunnel of an old min
ing property near Copper City and killed.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 2.— TV*. D. Pierce
of Marysvllle was nearly asphyxiated In
his room at El Carmelo Hotel in this city
last night. Pierce blew out the gas and
went to bed, and when a watchman broke
into his room he was unconscious.
Blows Out the Gas.
SANTA ROSA. JuJr 2.— Mr. and Mrs.
Dattock of this city, their two children
and a young lady guest were poisoned
yesterday by eating icecream that ap
pears to have become either tainted or
poisoned In the making. AH are now out
of danger but they had a narrow escape.
The icecream was made upon the prem
ises. - •
Poisoned by Icecream.
SAN RAFAEL, July 2.— Jesus Garcia, a
San Quentln convict, was released from
custody to-day by Judge Angellottl by
virtue of a writ of habeas corpus Issued
by the Supreme Court and made return
able before the Superior Court of Marin
County. Garcia had been sentenced in
Monterey to serve- five and eight years,
respectively, upon two felony charges, the
former sentence to be served in Foisom
and the latter in San Quentin. He was
tsien to San Quentln. where he served
his term. Judge Angellottl decided that
of the two concurrent sentences the
longer alone need be served, and ordered
Garcla's discharge.
Convict Garcia Goes Free.
PHOENIX. Ariz., July 2.— Tod Carver.
alias Hilliard, one of the most notorious
outlaws operating In this Territory In re
cent years. Is behind prison bans. He was
captured by George E. Scarborough Jr.,
Ed Halverson and Pollard Pearson and
jailed in St. Johns, the county seat of
Apache County, on June 27, the news
reaching here to-day.
For months officers have been on the
trail of the bandit and his capture was
effected near Luna, N. Mcx., by a clever
scheme. Carver recently returned to
Arizona from Texas. The officers were
on the lookout for some time before they
found an opportunity to take him by sur
prise. They finally located his camp, and
during his absence from the rendezvous
secreted their horses elsewhere, and, slip
ping In, quietly took possession and hid
themselves.
Late in the evening- Carter and another
man came Into camp. When Scarborough
shouted "Up with your hands!" the
stranger obeyed, but Carver replied, "Not
for an officer." Scarborough repeated his
command and was about to open fire
when Carver's hands went up. The
stranger was given his liberty and the
officers escorted Carver to Luna Valley
and thence to St. Johns, where he is
eruarded by an extra force to prevent a
rescue by his friends.
Fifteen months agro Frank Lesuer and
Andrew A. Gibbons, two popular young
men. were murdered near St. Johns by a
band of outlaws, one of the leaders of
which was Carver. The identity of the
man is beyond question, and all that re
mains is to prove conclusively his connec
tion with that r>articular crime.
Since the wanton murder the Apache
County officers have sought contlnuously
for the outlaws and have followed notori
ous gangs- all over the West. Scarbor
ough is a son of George Scarborough, who
was killed a year or two ago In South
eastern Arizona and v.-ho was famous
throughout this region as a bandit
catcher. The son took up his work with
the rangers shortly after the killing of
his father and for a young officer has a
notable record for daring and .bravery.
Dispatch to The Call.
Man - Hunters Hide in His
Camp and Treat Him to
a Surprise.
Cleverly Effects Capture
of the Arizona Cut
throat.
POSSE ENTRAPS
OUTLAW CARVER
SACRAMEXTO. July 2.— The Prince and
Princess Hatzfeldt are guests at' the Cap
ital Hotel. They will leave to-morrow
for the East. Joseph D. Redding, the San
Francisco attorney, will not go East with
them, but will remain In California. The
Prince explains this by saying, that Mr.
Redding Is a native Calif ornian and Is
naturally loth to leave the State.. Sac
ramento happens to be the scene of Mr.
Reddlng's happy childhood hours, and It
was supposed that he would put in much
6t his time looking up old primary school
chums and swapping yarns with them.
But while Mr. Redding under ordinary
circumstances is quite given to social
amenities and the exchange of reminis
cences, he did not indulge that amiable
weakness to any extent to-day. The only
person who seemed to awaken the confi
dence of the Hatzfeldts* counsel to-day
was Frank D. Ryan, a well known local
lawyer. The Prince and Mr. Redding had
Mr. Ryan at luncheon in their apartments
and the fact that the three were together
considerably during t£e day gave rise to
the general impression that there was
"something doing" in the legal line.
The Prince was asked if any settlement
had been made with the legatees of the
Huntington will, and he declared that no
setlement had ever been suggested, much
less accomplished.
The Prince said that he might go to
Newport for the season " or return to
Europe, his course being governed ¦ en
tirely byconditions when he reached New
York. E&cally the impression Is that
some form of a legal proceeding will
shortly be sprung by the Hatzfeldts and
that the visit of Redding and the con
ferences wijh local counsel bear out this
Idea.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Will To-Day Take His De
parture From Sacramento
for the East.
Hatzfeldt Takes Frank
D. Ryan Into His
Confidence.
PRINCE CONFERS
WITH ATTORNEY
WOODLAND," July 2.7-MorriB & Smith,
who' have a new process for making olive
oil,' offered to establish \ a- plant" in Wood
land for a bonus of an acre of land. . < A
.suitable site was secured and Jn less than
three hours'- canvassing sufficient money
was subscribed , to : pay for i It. The : same
gentlemen will probably establish a pick
ling plant -and a cannery. >¦.•-.'-?..
.Woodland's New Plant.
eel ved here to-day from Bartlett Springs,
Lake County, announced that State Sur
veyor General Martin J. . Wright >was crit
ically ill at that' place.. His son, Frank
Wright, ' Deputy Surveyor General, left
to-day for the Springs. :
BARTLETT .. SPRINGS, July 2.-r£ur
veyor General" .Wright, who has ...been
very ill here , for several '. days, improved
so much this • afternoon , that It 'has-been
decided to remove him' to his- home \ in
Sacramento. K 'Arrangements - , have been
made for a. start to-morrow mornig,"' the
invalid to .be I transported -by private con
veyance. Although Mr;. Wright's life was
despaired of, it is believed that he is now
out of danger.' , .; , ._ „
SURVEYOB, GENERAL
, V WRIGHT IS VERY ILL
Frank Wright Summoned to His
Father's Bedside at Bartlett '
| Springs. •
SACRAMENTO, July 2.-A telegram re-
The Balaena is -a total wreck." She is
hanging to the rock .where She struck,
but is liable to slip off Into the water and
sink at any time. She struck on the port
side and crashad a hole fully twelve feet
In length In her hull. The waves during
the night of the wreck pounded her stern
to pieces. The wrecked whaler is a ves
sel of 600 tons burden.
In a very short, time the boats were
manned and the crew started for shore.
The sea was bo high that it was impos
sible ; for the boats to keep together, but
they all made the island eventually. .The
boat which contained Captain Cotte was
stove In as it struck the beach, but the
captain and all the men succeeded in get
ting beyond the reach of the waves. The
drenched and half frozen - crew remained
huddled about in groups during the re
mainder of the night. Several had their
hands and feet frozen. .
The Balaena was on a voyage to. the
Arctic. She was provisioned for thirty
months. The whaler left San Francisco
on April 4 and after battling with the
ice -for weeks had succeeded in working
through the worst of the floes. She was
headed to pass St. Lawrence Island when
the wreck occurred. Shortly after mid
night on the -first of May the wind rose
until It assumed the strength of a gale
and the whaler was driven to a point
twenty miles .west of Southeast Cape,
where she struck a rock. The captain im
mediately ordered the boats out. The
whaler seemed to have been hung on the
rock and although the waves "were pound
ing her terribly she did not founder. !
News of the wreck, -which occurred on
May 1, reached Nome on June 21, and the
whaler Alexander was immediately sent
to St. Lawrence Island to the relief of
the wrecked crew. . Captain Cotte, with
several of the crew, reached Nome in a
rowboat with "particulars of the loss of
his vessel and the terrible straits to which
starvation had reduced the crew.
SEATTLE, July 2.— The whaler Balaena
of San Francisco, belonging, to the Pacific
Steam Whaling Company, lies on St.
Lawrence Island, twenty miles west of
Southeast Cape, In Bering Sea, a total
wreck. -Captain P. F. Cotte and the sixty
men In. the crew had an almost miracu
lous escape from death. Through the
bravery of . the officers all got to the
shore.
Crew of San Francisco
Craft Miraculously
-.!.-: Escapes. , ' •'
WHALER BALAENA
CRASHES ASHORE
; The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco, and St.
Louis dally.. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. ' • For full information ask L.
M.. Fletcher, 212 California street. * '
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
mento.
STOCKTON. July 2.— The City Council
to-night refused final passage of an ordi
nance granting franchise to Captain John
Cross and others of Los Angeles for a rail
road, to enter the western part of the city
by crossing Stockton Channel. . The road
proposed was to run from Stockton to
Sacramento, along the western boundary
of the county- and up ' the course ] of the
Sacramento River. Objection was made
cy the Tesla Company and others to
granting the franchise, because the road
would Interfere with /established 7 lines
here. The vote to-night was three for the
ordinance and two against, which killed it.
._ — V — • -
Ends Life With a Bullet.
SAN JOSE, July 2.— Andrew L. Johnson,
who for the past ten years has been en-<
gineer at the Farmers' Union, committed
suicide about 8 o'clock this morning at his
home on South ~Tenth street, near Mar
garet, by • shooting /himself In the. head:
Family troubles and an overindulgence In
liquor are the causes assigned. - He had a
wife and family. • . V
Befuses to Grant a Franchise for the
Proposed Line to Sacra-
STOCKTON COTTirCTL : BALKS
NEW RAOXItO AI> ', PROJECT
returning to San Francisco In August.
where-they will make their home on Gold
en Gate avenue.
Board of Education met in the office of
the Superintendent of Public Instruction
this morning, with Samuel Black In the
chair and Messrs. Van Llew, Burk and
Daley present. Dr.- Wheeler and F. B.
Dressier appeared later.
Superintendent Kirk reported that Dr.
E. E. Brown had been granted leave of
absence from the State University for one
year, and F. B. Dressier had been ap
pointed at the head of the department of
pedagogy of that institution in the in
terim, and it was ordered that for one
year he take Dr. Brown's place on the
State Board of Education and upon the
committees of which Dr. Brown had been
a member.
At the afternoon session ten ballots
were taken on the adoption of a primary
United States history textbook for the
public schools, without a choice. Mr.
Burk of San Francisco protested against
the adoption of any history textbook
until that adopted at the April meeting
should have been given a year's trial. _He
proved a clever obstructionist' and carried
his point by blocking every attempt to
make a choice.
Dr. Dressier of the State University said
he had examined the courses of study of
forty counties and found that twelve had
already adopted Barnes' .primary history,
ten had adopted Eggleston's, seven Mont
gomery's and one Scudder's.
The board refused to appoint a commit
tee of teachers to examine and rfinort upon
the best textbook of primary and gram
mar grade geographies, but appointed - a
oommittee consisting of J. W. McCly
monds of Oakland, W. H. Baker of San
Jose, T. L. Heaton of Berkeley, A. W.
Stamper of Chico, and M. W. Haskell of
Berkeley to examine and report upon the
best primary and grammar grade . arith
metic book for use in the schools.
Superintendent Kirk attempted to have
the board examine the course of study- of
the Kern County boardr but no action
was taken. "'..
A committee consisting of Dr. Dressier,-
Mr. Van Llew and Mr. Burk was appoint
ed, according to the provision of the new
law, to examine and recommend the text
books to be used In high schools. I:
State Board of Education
Fails to Select a
History.
SACRAMENTO, July . 2.— The State
TEXTBOOK FEUD
WAGES MERRILY
Cisco.
Mr. Davidson is a son of Peter Davidson,
a pioneer, who came to California in 1840._
He was among the first settlers of San".
Jose, having resided there when the town
consisted only of tents. In 1844 the elder
Davidson married a daughter of the Cas
tros and the two families were associated
In many ways. Peter A. Davidson, who
Is a man of San Francisco, re
tains many of the ancestral acres in this
county. He was a student at Santa Clara
College. •
The bride is the -daughter of early pio
neer settlers of San Francisco. She Is
graceful In manner and conversation and
beautiful of feature. She is a finished
musician and her social accomplishments
are many.
Rev. Father Leggio performed the wed
ding ceremony In the presence of only In
timate friends and relatives. Miss Louisa
Peralta was bridesmaid and little Edna
Pearl Vidy carried the bride's bouquet.
Walter A. Vidy was best man.
The large parlors of the Castro homo
were appropriately decorated In pink and
white. In the spacious dining room and
veranda the tracery of smllax and deli
cate tints wandered over the wedding
breakfast table.
The bride wore a gown of mode shade,
trimmed with white and gold, with Im
ported picture hat. Her ornaments were
diamonds, a splendid sunburst of gems
being the gift, of the groom.
Mr. and Mrs. Davidson left on the after
noon train for Santa Cruz. They will go
to Southern California for several weeks,
| Bitten by a Rattlesnake.
ANGELS CAMP, July 2.— A 13-jiear-old
daughter of Tony Alrola was gathering
elderberries yesterday near Robinsons
Ferry when she stepped on a rattlesnake,
which bit her on the left leg below the
knee Before^a physician could be sum
moned the poison had spread to her body.
At present she is not expected to live.
PITTSBURG, Pa., July 2.— Ten boys
were overcome to-day by foul fumes in a
tunnel leading to the old Keeting mines,
owned by the PIttsburg Coal I Company.
A train crushed two of them to death.
The others were rescued and will recover.
The dead: "Anthony Miller, aged 15; Pat
rick Gallagher, aged 14. ."¦¦
Murderers Sent to Prison.
RAWLINS, Wyo., July 2.— Judge Craig
to-day sentenced Orlo McSwain, convicted
of murdering James Taylor, to twenty
years in the penitentiary. George Moore,
who killed • James Edmunds at Hanna,
Wyo., last ".winter, 1 , was sentenced -/ to
twenty years on the verdict of murder in
the second degree. -
Train Kills Three Plasterers.
WATERLOO, Iowa, July 2.— A Burling
ton, Cedar Rapids and 'Northern '.'. train
struck Ollie Haffmari,' Joe Golllnvaux, O.
C. Thorsen and Joe Hurley, near Water
loo to-night killing the first three outright
and fatally Injuring Hurley.; The men
were plasterers and were returning from
work.- ¦¦'---¦:::¦ '¦ ." ¦ ~-y ¦ ¦ ¦•. ¦-¦
Crowds View Pingree's Body.
NEW YORK, July 2.— All day to-day ex-
Governor - Plngree's ¦ body ; lay : in ; state In
the | chapel of - an .undertaking j establish
ment : and : wan viewed .' by .; many people.
The body was In a solid oak casket, which
cost : $1000. i The chapel was . draped .with
American na « e '"^^^^^^^^^M
Boys ] Killed by a Train.
Prominent Man in Coburg Shoots His
• Wife and. . Daughter and
Kills Himself. - .
LEIPSIC, July 2.— Two companies of
this city have failed as, a result of the
collapse of the Leipziger Bank. A promi
nent resident of Coburg, in despair as re
sult of his losses in the Leipziger Bank
failure, shot and severely wounded his
wife and 1 daughter and then shot and
killed himself. ' .
Xdeutenant Scott, Who Hescued. Men
of the Torpedo-Boat Winslbw,
Quits the Service.
NEW. YORK, July 2.— Lieutenant J. H.
Scott. of the revenue marine service, who
distinguished himself at the rescue of per
sons- on the disabled torpedo-boat Wlna
low on May 11, 1898, has resigned and gone
into the railroad business. In accepting
the reslgnationthe Secretary of the Navy
"The records show that your service
during the Spanish-American war, espe
cially on board the cutter Hudson, at the
action off Cardenas, May 11, 1898, were
gallant and conspicuous and have been
appreciated by the department and as
well by the United States, as is shown by.
the Joint resolution inclosed, you having
been the executive officer of the vessel
throughout the war. Your resignation is
regretted and the department wishes you
every success." m ¦_ .¦¦>,
COIXAPSE OF A BAM
THE CAXTSE OF TRAGEDY
LEAVES NAVY POSITION"
FOB. RAILROAD BUSINESS
ern States. ;
WASHINGTON, July 2.— The following
patents were issued to-day: California-
Scott W. Alexander, Los Angeles, yield
ing automatic adjustable car fender;
John U. Bllse, Pleasanton, vineyard plow;
John C' Desgranges, San Francisco, ex
cavating and gold-saving" apparatus; Pe
ter N. Grisen anjl J. S.' "Walsh, Montague,
boiler leveling device; Benjamin Hall,
Nevada City, roasting furnace; Hipolito
Splrldlon, Los Angeles, pivoted window;
Hans C. Lausen, Newman, bedstead at
tachment; Francis T. Leilich, San Fran
cisco, stop mechanism for sewing or other
machines; John Manes, San Francisco,
assignor to Suspension, Beam Scale Com
pany - of " V California,, weighing ma
chine; Alexander Pratt, assignor to Pratt
Mining Machine Company, San Francisco,
feeder for stamp mills; William J. Rock
wood, Monrovia, manufacture of mosaic
art panels; Frederick H. Rogers, assignor
one- half to T. T. Porteous, San Jaclnto.
automatic electric cut-out; Joseph Schulte
Jr., assignor one-half to H. J. Hennecker,
Monterey, bicycle brake and support;
William D. Watklns, assignor one-half to
J. W. Bolster, San Jose, automatic tele
phone switch; John H. Young, Alameda,
anchor. t .- . •.
Oregon— Chester F. Fowler, Columbia
City, assignor to G. Page, Sara, Washing
ton, saw g-aug-e.
Washington — David. B. Baker, Tacoma,
wood split pulley; Gilbert Larson,
Bothell, railway; Walter MacFarlan,
Seattle, pipe boiler.
The Postoffice Department to-day Issued
the following: Postmasters commissioned:
California— Charles A. RaBmuasen, Lotus;
John G. Graves, Beegum. Oregon— Mary
E. Wilson, Wilbur.
These pensions were granted to-day:
California — Original — Henry P. O'Connor,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $6; Henry
Hall. Veterans' Home, Napa,' $6; John
Brady, second, Vallejo, $6. Additional—
Isaac H. McAllister, Long Beach., $12. In
crease — Hugh . Kennedy, San Francisco,
$10; John Spread, Veterans' Home, Napa,
$10; Albert Brown, Veterans' Home, Napa,
$10; Benjamin W. Rawllngs, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $8; Edwin Baxter, Los
Angreles, $10. Mexican war widows — Jane
Williams, San Francisco, $8.
Oregon— Original— George F. Tref ren,
Grants Pass, $8. Increase— James Sarnett,
Selma, $12: Charles F. Deguire,.Silverton,
$8: John B. Gross. Bandon, $8. » - •_•
"Washington— Original— Henry W. Doty,
Port Angeles, $6; Andrew Ellsworth,
Seattle. $6. Increase— Allen Day, Issaquah,
$10. Original widows— Mary A. Davis,
Black Diamond, $8.
Patents Issued to a If umber of In
• ventors in Three of the West-
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Suesser says that one night when his
sister was in church at Salinas one of the
Farleys sat behind her and put his hands
on - her shoulder. His action was sus
picious, and a person seated next to Far
ley, made him desist. Suesser claims that
Farley then told that person that he had
"a notion to kill' the girl right here.*'
The prisoner says that had he remained
in Salinas last night he .would surely have
been lynched. Thomas Farley told Keefe
after their arrival here that a mob had
been organized. Farley had served as a
deputy sheriff and; knew the jail thor
oughly, and Suepser declares Farley could
have' opened the combination door and let
the avensers in. .¦¦¦'¦
Suesser has not yet engaged- counsel,
but he says he will put up,a hard fight for
his life. Since he was previously brought
here to escape lynching, at the time of the
murder, Suesser has grown thin and lost
his braggadocio spirit. -
Suesser was se"en at the County Jail to
day and affirmed the story that Sheriff
Keefe had received Information that a
mob from Gonzales intended to lynch
him last night. He is not only afraid that
some of the Farleys may kill him, but
said that . a short time ago one of the
Farleys had • made a threat against his
sister while/she was in church. He de
nounces Thomas Farley as a coward for
attacking him on a train when he was in
the custody of an officer and handcuffed.
Suesser says he asked Sheriff Keefe last
evening on. the train to loosen his hands
so he could defend himself, and he inti
mated he would have settled with Farley
then and there. ,
SAN JOSE, July 2.— George Suesser, the
murderer of Sheriff Farley of Monterey
County, who Is to be given a second trial
in this county, will have to wait a couple
of months, as the courts are just now en
tering on their summer vacation.
Special XMspatch to The Call.
Thomas Parley Admits That
Gonzales Citizens Had
Organized.
Believes Sheriff Keefe's
Action Saved His .
¦ •¦',-. Life.
SUESSER FEARS
MOB VENGEANCE
SUISUN. July 2.— Miss Agnes Crimmln,
teacher of the Intermediate, department
of the Fairfield School, has been selected
as Goddess of Liberty for the celebration
In that town on the Fourth. Hon. Arthur
\V. North will be the orator.
Fairfleld's Goddess of liberty.
ST. HELENA. July 2.— The Indepen
dence Day celebration here this year will
excel anything of its kind heretofore at
tempted in St. Helena. It is In chargre of
the Knights of Pythias and Native Sons.
In the morning there will be a race be
tween the two local vhose companies ana
the hook and ladder company will make
an exhibition run. Following a parade,
exercises will be held in Hunt's Park,
where the address of the day will be de
livered by Senator C. M. Belshaw of Con
tra Costa. 'vV. A. Mackinder will act as
president of the day and Miss Joy Noble
will read the Declaration of Indepen
dence. In the afternoon races and games
will take place.
St. Helena's Celebration.
dismissed. . \ __
To-morrow night 1000 wheelmen win
take part in the first parade of the cele
bration.
- Mayor Frank P. Frary presented to the
Queen the freedom of the city and with it
a key to the hearts and homes of the peo
ple. The key was accepted by the Prime
Minister, and, after the crown had been
placed on the Queen's head, the Prime
Minister read the proclamation of the
Queen directing that all her loving sub
jects open wide their hearts and homes to
entertainment, suspend business, drive
care out of the city and devote their at
tentf on to the fiesta. 1 \ The order of knight
hood was by decree conferred upon Mayor
Frary and the chairmen of the committees
preparing for the celebration, and the an
nouncement was made that the Queen
had prepared for the entertainment of her
subjects a choice vaudeville performance
which would be given immediately.
There were eight numbers to the per
formance, including singing, fancy danc
insr, equilibrist performance and -slack
wire work. At Its close the people were
SAN DIEGO, July 2.— Before a con
course of people that filled the D-street
plaza from end to end and crowded over
Into the nearby streets. Queen Katherine
(Mrs. Kate Shirley) was to-night crowned
as Queen of the carnival of Fourth of July
week. The ceremonies were preceded by
a band concert. After the din of fireworks
and the blare of trumpets had announced
the arrival of the Queen, she was con
ducted to her throne by Prime Minister
Oscar Trippet and the maids of honor,'
following, saluted as they -.approached
the throne and were waved to their seats.
They were Miss Lena Sefton, Miss Ella
Gerichton. Jessie Barrett, Stella Klanber,
Virginia Garretson, Mabel Stockton,
Mabel Gassen and Sue May "Wood. Two
pages, Leora and Percy Copeland, bore
the crown on a satin cushion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Proclaims an Era of Jollity
and the Relegation of
San Diego Queen Begins
Her Reign of a
FAIR KATHERINE
HOLDS SCEPTER
SAN FRANCISCO COUPLE
MARRY IN SANTA GLARA
Rev. Father Leggio Presides at the Wed
ding of Peter A. Davidson and; Miss
Josephine E. Vidy in the Castro Home
.» • ¦ - . .. •• ¦ ¦ : ¦ ¦ ; ¦ _*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JtJL.Y 3, 1901.
SANTA CLARA, July 2.-^Josephlne
B. VIdy was married at noon to
day to Peter A. Davidson ar the
home of the Castro family, corner
of Lafayette and Santa Clara
streets. Both are residents of San Fran-
PRINCIPALS IN A J WEDDING
AT THE CASTRO HOME IN
SANTA CLARA.
A-n Identity of Names.
SAN RAFAEL, July 2.— The Miss Reed
referred to in the article published in this
paper June 27. exploiting the supposed
whereabouts of the Rio de Janeiro, is not
Miss Clotilda J. Reed of Reed's Station.
3
1KB. JSjgt*3£EB.'S SW AMP-BOOT.
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble
and Don't Know it.
How To Find Out.
•FIH a bottle or common glass with yota
water and let It stand twenty-four hours; a
,. , , r"\_ 3- ,-t.. sediment or set-
JhrjvJ '.^'Cj tl' n & indicates an
-^R&'jI (St Jb&Znai unhealthy condi-
m/l V^K3=fe^^U/ tlon of th « fad "
WAiPnrffl ki neys . ; lf tt stalM
***^\ fT«^7/*U ev ldence of kld-
r*$$ frequent desire to
convincing proof that the^*baeys and blad-
der are out cf order.
Wlxat to Do.
There Is comfort In the knowledge so
often expressed, thar Dr. Kilmer's Swamps
Root, the great kidney remedy fulfills every
wish In curing rheumatism, pain In tho
back, kidneys, liver, bladder and every part
of the urinary passage. It corrects inability
to hold water and scalding pain tn passing
it, or bad effects following use of liquor,
wine or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to ' go often
during the day, and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the extra-
ordinary effect of Swamp-Root Is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.
If you need a medicine you should nave tho
best. Sold by druggists in 50c and$l. sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of this
wonderful discovery |K w ft^ > '_
and a book that tsllsgS^^^^sCHI^S
more about it, both sent
absolutely free by mall.
Address Dr. Kilmer & Homa of s^mp-Boot i
Co., Blnghamton, N. Y. When writing men-
tion reading this generous offer tn this paper. '
. • t ' OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
National Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
nectlcut, on the 31st day • of December. A.
D. 1900, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the, provis-
ions of sections 610 and 611 of tha Political
l Code, condensed as per blank furnished by tha
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In '
Caen $looo,ooo oo
. ' ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $331,784 94
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 708,815 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 8,175,951 00
Cash In Company's Office 845 93
Cash In Banks 286,654 15
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 488,97136
Total ABsets $4,9)2,693 33
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid . $84,755 86
Losses In process of Adjustment or 2
In Suspense ; 189,998 22
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 22,757 79
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-,
ning one year or less, $1,893,464 23;
reinsurance 50 per cent 946,733 12
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $2,119,-
5S1 99; reinsurance pro rata 1,098,687 64
All other liabilities 165,903 04
Total Liabilities $2,458,813 67
¦ r , INCOME. ¦ /
Net cash actually received for Fire /
premiums $2,735,587 13
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 41,96104
Received for interest and dividends ¦
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 149,122 88
Received for Rents S.026 01
Received from all other sources.... 2,781 75
Total Income '. $2,982,478 83
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $184.196 45, losses of
previous years) $1,524 884 91
Dividends to Stockholders 120,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 467,903 20
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 183 24198
Paid for State. .National and Local
taxes '. -. '94 54163
All other payments and expendi-
tures 355.248 17
Total Expenditure. $2,745,819 89
- ¦ -
- '-.'--- Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year...... $1.561, 517 06
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. | Premiums .
Net amount of Risks
written during: the
year $350,426,541 $3,691.335 98
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 300,568.177 2, 984,245 18
Net amount In force <
December 31. 1900.:.. 401.467,507 4,013.046 22
— JAMES NICHOLS. President.
.. B. K. STILLMAN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 14th
day of January,' 1901.
FRED B. SETMOT7B, Notary Public
ST-A-TEiijyLElSrT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE— -
Springfield
Fire and marine Insurance Company
OF SPRIXGFIELD. IN THE STATE OF
M&es&chusetts. on the Slat day of Decem-
ber A. D. 1900. and lor the year ending: on
that day, aa made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the pigvisions of sections €10 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed aa per blank fur-
n:sh«l by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash 11.500,000 00
ASSETS.
neal Eetate owned by Compaffy* %t2Z,WM 00
Loane on Bonds and Mortgage» €16,800 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and ¦
Bonds owned by Company 3,72^684 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledsa
of Bonds. Stocks end other market-
able securities as collateral 40 - s i* 22
Cash in Company's Office 3Jl2 i2
Cash In Basks 093.56! 69
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 81.143 SE
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages IS, 612 77
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 891,602 59
Rents due and accrued 664 17
Due from other Companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid..... 1,939 19
Total Assets 55,159,623 47
LIABILITIES.
Lopses adjusted and unpaid S63.667 72
Losses in process of Adjustment or -
In Suspense 108.288 09
Losses resisted. Including expenses... 20,350 94
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine one year or lees. JL378.ES9 SS;
reinsurance 60 per cent 684,269 79
Gross premium* on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,722.-
7C2 03; reinsurance pro rata 885,503 00
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 78.300 E2
Total LJabUItle» .si.8£0.4S0 06
IJfCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums JLJM2.320 25
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Morteapea 22,284 81
Received - or 'Merest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 150.162 70
Received for Rents 4,653 35
Total Income .......................{2,129,421 21
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount raid for Fire Losses On-
cludine J169.717 17, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,142,707 20
Dividends to Stockholders 150,000 00
Pa!d or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 354,910 29
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 110.745 57
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes - S2.2S2 IS
All other payments and expenditures 213,817 51
Total Expenditure* .«.O64,4CT 75
Fire. :
Losses Incurred during the year U.162.463 94
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during; the
year $236,949,609 $2,543,613 63
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 202,670.909 2.158,999 00
Net amount In force
December 31. 1900 307,528.667 3.111.241 O
A. W. DAMON. President.
X7. J. MACKAT, Secretary,
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23d
<lay of January. 1SC1.
P. & BAIL.ET. Notary Public
S. E2. Corner Bush and Sansorno Sts., -
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
CEO. D. DORNIN, . GEO. W. DORNIN,
Manager. '¦ — Ass't Manager.
City Agency, 209 Sansome Street, San Francisco,
H. C. AHPEL & CO., Agents.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
"*~ iimm— nr«i— f^Ti ' ***' *
The new patterns added to our regular j .
$10.00 made-to-order suits are $12.50 and
$ig.oo lines and also a number of new pat-
terns up to the standard of our regular ten-
dollar goods.
. The higher-priced goods were reduced
asjhey are light weight and light patterns—
we want to sell them now.
\ The man who has lived all his life in an
atmosphere of $1 5.00 and^ $17.50 suits will
find these suits satisfactory and equal to his ;
customary clothes. - . - !
Every suit is guaranteed ; your money's
worth or your money back ; a year's repair-
: ing free if the suit should perchance need it.'
y » .. Rather unusual guarantee for a tailor to
(ff*r ? -
Our samples are awaiting your call. '
• Suits for out-of-town customers satisfac-
torily made through oun self-measuring system— f
write Sop samples. .
718 Market Street 'and ;
CorV Powell and Eddy Streets.Soldiers Loot Servian Villages.
BELGRADK, July 2.— Albanian and Tur
kish troops are again pillaging and out
raging in the Servian villages of Sand
jak and Novl-Basar, tinder the pretext
that they are searching for concealed
arms.
HAVANA, July 2.— General Wood, who
has been suffering from malarial fever. Is
improved. His doctors report the fever
as diminishing. General 'Wood has not
been at his office for several days.
General Wood Regaining Health.
Fire Destroys a Costly Church.
NEW- YORK, July 2.— St. Agnes'
Church, Brooklyn, was destroyed to-day
by fire originating from a lightning bolt
Only the wall3 of the church are left
standing. The loss is $250,000.
In the freshmen race. Pennsylvania was
first, time 10:20 2-5; Cornell second, time
10:23; Columbia third, time 10:36 1-5; Syra
cuse fourth, time 10:44. The previous rec
ord for freshmen eight for this distance
was 9:19%.
The results of the day -were: '¦¦.;-"•
'Varsity eight— Cornell first. tlma
18:531-5: Columbia second, time 18:5S: Wis
consin third, time 39:051-5; Georgetown
fourth, time 19:21. Best previous record
for 'varsity eljrhts was 19:44 3-5. No time
¦was taken for Syracuse and Pennsylvania,
who were many lengths behind.
In the 'varsity four Cornell was first,
time 11:39 3-5; Pennsylvania second, time
11:45 2-5: Columbia third, time 11:513-5.
The best previous record for this distance
was 10:31 1-5.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N. T.. July 2--The
varsity race between the six crews was
a most brilliant one. such a race as Cor
nell, Columbia and Wisconsin put up be
ing the greatest ever seen on any course.
When the crews neared the bridge at the
threermile mark these three crews were
having a most magnificent struggle. Their
shells were at times lapping one another
and this position was maintained until
the three crews entered into the last half
mile of the race. They were all rowing
a steady, strong stroke of about thirty
two and thirty-four and then Cornell
raised her stroke and made an elegant
spurt. Increasing her lead over Columbia
by a length. Columbia, also entered into
the spurt and again went after Cornell.
When the three leading crews were within
a few hundred yards of the nnlsn line tne
shells of Cornell and Columbia began to
draw toward each other, thus shutting
out the Wisconsin lane. The Badgers
still kept their steady speed and the nose
of their shell was gaining on the leaders
at all times. Gradually the shells of Co
lumbia and Cornell again began to part
and the Wisconsin crew then made a des
perate effort to push up. but the power
did not seem to be In the boat. Cornell's
cockswain then began to swerve his shell
toward the east shore and Columbia fol
lowed, leaving Wisconsin in their wash.
Cornell finished first, Columbia second.
Wisconsin third and Georgetown fourth.
All four of these crews broke the world's
record. Syracuse was almost a quarter of
a mile behind Georgetown, with Pennsyl
vania an eighth of a mile still further up
the course.
Exciting Finish, in Which
Columbia Plays a Strong
Part
Cornell Wins the Inter
collegiate Boat
Race.
ROWING RECORDS
ARE SHATTERED
Comptroller Dawes Suggests a Second
Investigation of the Seventh
National's Books.
WASHINGTON. July 2.— Comptroller
Dawes to-day sent the following telegram
to Forest Raynor, receiver of the Seventh
National Bank. New York:
"Confirming my telegram to. you to-day,
if, after a careful and. complete examina
tion of the books of the Seventh National
Bank, you find no evidence of criminal
violations of the national banking act,
you will ask the United States District At
torney to make a thorough investigation
on his own account, affording him access
to the books of that bank for that pur
pose" g
Briton Honors an American.
WASHINGTON, July 2.— Embacsador
Choate has Informed the State Depart
ment that a South African war medal has
been awarded to A. M. Blenn, an Ameri
can citizen, in recognition of the valu
able service rendered by him as driver of
the engine connected with the water sup
ply of Ladysmith during the Siege of that
town. •
¦ . . ? • » ¦
Clergyman Commits Suicide.
SEWANEB, Tenn., July 2.— The Rev.
Greenough "White, late professor of reli
gious history at the University of "the
South, was found dead in his room this
morning. He had taken his life during
the night by. drinking carbolic acid.
m ' ¦
Two Men Shot From Ambush.
LEBANON. Ky., July 2.— At Scott's
Ridge, Marion County, early to-day Rich T
ard Horde was shot from ambush and in
stantly killed, and his companion,- David
Allen, mortally wounded. No arrests have
been made. • ¦*
Mrs. McKinley Ready to Travel.
WASHINGTON, July 2.— Mrs. McKlnley
continues'to improve in health, and 'all
arrangements are perfected for the Presi
dent and his wife to leave here Friday
night for Canton for the summer. •
Buys John Potts.
PEKING, 111-, July 2.-4Bert Whiteley of
Chicago purchased from Levl Turner of
Wheaton, to-day, the four-year-old bay
gelding John Potts, by Ernest B.'for $5000.
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY
MAY MAKE AN INQUIRY
Kennedy and Griffin Draw.
LOS ANGELES, July 2.— Jack Kennedy
and Hank Griffin fought a twenty-round
draw before the Century Athletic Club to
night. ' -
ROTHESAY. Firth of Clyde, July 2.—
Sir Thomas Lipton refuses to entertain
the challenge of Kenneth M. Clark,
owner of the Karaid, for a series of trial
races between the Karaid and the Sham
rock II, but offers to sail the Shamrock I
ag-ainst the Karaid in five matches, each
match to be for £500 a side. The Royal
Ulster Yacht Club has notified Kenneth
A. Clark that it must decline to take up
the question of his challenge.
Lipton and the Karaid.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 2.—Subscrip
tion books were opened here to-day look
ing to the formation of a new trotting as
sociation, which will be a rival of the Na
tional Trotting Association. It will be
known as the Continental Trotting Asso
ciation. Subscriptions to the $10,000 capi
tal stock came in rapidly. It Is said that
W. B. Kasig: probably will be elected
president and Frank L.. Chamberlain of
this city secretary. The headquarters will
be in Cleveland. It is understood that
the new association will embrace prac
tically all the cities now Included In the
grand circuit. -.
New Trotting Association.
ENTKIES FOB THISTLE
CLUB OUTDOOR GAMES
Some of Those yTlio Will Strive for
Prizes in Annual
Contests.
The'entries for the Scottish Thistle Club
games, which will be held on July 4, are
as follows:
350-yard handicap— C. F. Lulterdt, Caledonia
Club 15 yards: A. G. Dondero, unattached, 18
yards; P. C. Gerhardt, O. C. scratch; Frank
Ferom unattached, 15 yards; "V. Victor Ligda,
Aloha Club, scratch; Henry Imhof, O. C. 20
vsrds- C L. Braun. unattached. 18 yards; Hal
Tcmpieman.' A. A. U.. 20 yards; F. W Bur
e«!« O C 10 yards; G. W. Braun, O. C. 14
vsrds: W. Garcia. O. C. 10 yards.
"* Half-mile run-C. F. Luiterdt. C. C. 30 yards;
A G Dondero. unattached. 35 yards; P. C. Ger
hardt O C. 15 yards; Frank Ferem, unat
tached 25 yards: V. Victor Liffda. Aloha.
Scratch; Henry Imhof, O. C. 40 yards; C. L.
' Braun, unattached. 45 yards; Hal Templeman,
A A L . 40 yards;' A. MacXIchol, unattached.
;4f» vards: G. W. Braun. O. C, 30 yards; E. W.
Srn'ith O. C, scratch : M. L. Esplnosa,- O- C,
35 yards; W. Garcia, O. C, 15 yards.
Runnln? hroad Jump— C. F. Luiterdt. Cx C.
-15 inches; Ed Hussev. O. C, scratch; Harry
Irwin O. C, 2 feet 6 inches; Frank Ferem. un
sttached. 2 feet 6 Inches: V. Victor Ligda.
Aloha. 15 Inches: F. W. Burgess, O. C, 1 foot 9
'"pole vault, heljrht— Harry Irwln, O. C
scratch: Charles Monson, A. A. L., 6 Inches;
Jo* Collins. O. ,C, 10 Inches; Fred Peake, unat
tached, 10 inches. ' ' ' ' .
Officials — Starter. G«on?e James; referee. John
Bockman: Judges — Al Collins. Herbert Hauser;
timers — George Thompson and John Hammer-
Moran at the Top.
BOSTON. July 2. — By the hardest sort
of riding James F. Moran pulled himself
to the top of the score in the six-day race
at Charles River Park to-night. Score:
Moran, 135 miles; Champion, 133; Stinson,
130; Nelson, 127.
.The best match of the day was between
Fred Brown and Drummond ilacGavin.
the two University of California men.
Both players were in fine form and after
playing three close sets Brown finally won
out by steadiness. In all three sets Mac-
Gavin had a lead of 2-0 and 4-2, but his
opponent played a great game and won
out, the score being 7-5, 6-4, 8-6.
George Whitney was in poor form yes
terday; but disposed of Collier rather
handily. The score in Whitney's favor
was 6-2, 6-3. 6-L Had Collier put more
speed Into his strokes the result might
have been very different. Harry. Haight
and Cnet Smith played an extremely close
match, the score in the former's favor be
ing t-6. 6-S. 7-5. 6-L Smith had a good
lead in the first three sets but his op
ponent proved to be steadier ana more
experienced, which enabled him to win
Percy D. Kahn surprised everybody by
the clever game be put up. He defeated
Richard Erskine 6-2, 6-1, 3-6. 7-5.
- The first match in the preliminary round
was between Harry Dibblee and Charles
Kuehn. The latter, while suffering from
an attack of stage fright, lost the first
two sets 6-0. In the third set Kuehn was
more confident and won 6-3. The fourth
set fell to Dibblee 6-3. The complete
score in his favor, was 6-0, 6-0, 3-6, 6-3.
Ogden Hoffman, one of tie best men in
the second class several years ago, forced
R. N.. "Whitney to play his best game to
win. The score in the latter*s favor was
6-4, 7-5, 6-2. Merle Johnson beat John
Craig "of Woodland in a rather one-sided
contest. The score In favor of the former
W ?f was thought that after Brown had
disposed of MacGavin, handily, he would
have little trouble in beating Harry
Haight. but the latter, when once fairly
Ftarted, played a terrific game. Brown
won the first set, but in the second set
Haigbt commenced to show his real form.
This set also went to Brown 7-5. At this
stage of the game Haight, who was for
merly one of the best players on the coast,
g-ot down to ¦work and took the next two
sets easily. In the last set Haight, who
Is much older than his opponent, appeared
to be worn out and the set went to Brown
6-0 The score in the latter's favor was
6-0. 7-5, 2-6, 3-6, 6-0. " .
Carl Gardner, a novice, -who plays for
Ixiwell High School, also caused a genuine
surprise by almost beating Alex Stewart
of Oakland. The latter is an experienced
player, but his younger opponent made
him put his best foot forward to win.
This was the closest match of the day, tRe
score in Stewart's favor being 6-3, <-5, 4-6,
3-6 9-7.
In his match with Dibblee. Kahn with
drew when the score was two sets to one
ntrainst him. Jack Hoffman and Grant
Smith each won a match by default.
The matches to be played to-morrow are
as follows: Johnson vs. J. Hoffman, G.
Whitney vs. Dibblee, Brown vs-.R. Whtt
nev and Stewart vs. Grant Smith. This
will probably bring Johnson and G. F.
Whitney together In one-half of the semi
finals and R. N. Whitney and Grant Smith
In the other.
The first ¦ singles tournament for the
championship of California begran yester
day on the courts of the Hotel Rafael at
San Rafael. A slight breeze blowing
throughout the day diminished the heat
somewhat and the players were less dis
tressed after their matches than usual.
A crowd well above the average for the
first day was on hand and witnessed some
very good matches in the preliminary and
first rounds. Of the twenty men entered,
eighteen were on hand when play was
called. .
The winners In the first two rounds
were Merle Johnson, John Hoffman,
George Whitney. Harrison Dibblee, . Fred
Brown. R. N. Whitney. Alex Stewart and
Grant Smith.
Preliminary and First Round
Completed on the
First Day.
Opening of Annual Ten
nis Championships
at San BafaeL
STATE PLAYERS
IN TOURNAMENT
NEW YORK, July 2.-The last of the
yearling sales \ until fall took place at
Sheepshead Bay track to-day, while those
f rom P the Silverbrook Stud, the property
of L. O. Appleby. were under the ham
mer The best bidding was on a Knight
of Ellerslle-Lizzie Pickwick colt, a full
brother to All Green, and he went to Dave
Johnson for $4800. Others sales were:
Bay or brown colt by Tristian-SpaJdie.
P H. McCarren, $1000; Standard Bearer, b.
c, by Handspring-Longstream. W. T.
Powers. $2500; ch. c. by Knight of Ellers-
He-Belle Dailey, R. "W. Walden, $lo00.
New York Yearling Sale.
First race five . furlongs, purse $600— Plum
Tart won, Arian second, I. Samuelson third.
Second race' six furlongs, purge $600—Marti
mas won, Vulcain second. Anna Bajn third.
T ThTrd 1 racl."°k:enwood stakes. $2000 added, five
furlongs— Abe • Frank won, Pentecost second.
Sir Oliver third. Time. 1:03 2-5. _
Fourth race, mile and a furlong, purse $1400
— Monarka won, Star Chamber second. W ild
Pl^tVS ra ne m a e nia 7 iiuenth. purse $600-
Fantasy won. Qur Nellie second. Tammany
Chief third. Time, 1:52 2-5. _
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, purse $600-
Hard Knot won. Leo Newell second, Scotch
Plaid third. Time. 1:51.
Trotting and pacing— On Trial won in straight
heats, 'Bird second, Billings third. Best time,
2:26tf-
Second race, six furlongs— Sam Green won,
Joe K second, Jean Spencer third. Time, 1:18.
Third race, one mile— Frank Duffy won. Ping
second. Guilder third. Time, 1:43%.
Fourth race five furlongs — Heigh Ho won,
Mr Dougal second, Kitty Kelly third. Time,
Fifth race, four furlongs— Water Scratch
won. Dandy second, You You third. Time,
Sixth race, mile and an eighth, over four
hurdles— Aurlffera won, Rio Chlco second, Ar
temus third. Time, 2:07.
CHI6AGO, July 2.— Washington Park sum
mary:
BUTTE, July 2.— Only one favorite won In
to-day's races and that was In the first event.
Weather warm; track fast. Summary:
Six furlongs, selling— River Princess won.
Land Hose second, Florabelle third. Time.«l:17.
Seven furlongs, selling— Kdna Gerry won,
Ononetta second. Pauline J. third. Time,
1:27^4.
Five furlongs, selling— Georglana won. Hoe
second. Emma Bellow third. Time, 1:OS^.
One mile, selling— Pine Chip won. B. G. Fox
second. Robert Gray third. Time. 1:41%.
Six furlongs, selling— Semicolon won, Flop
second, Arochra third. Time, 1:14.
One mile, selling— Princess Evelyn won, Cey
lon second, Meggs third. Time. 1:41U-
One and a sixteenth miles, high-weight handi
cap—Princeton Girl -won. Decanter second;
May W. third.
CIN'CINNATI, July 2.— Newport summary:
BT. LOUIS. July 2.— Delrnar Park summary:
Five furlongs, purse — Potheen won, Phonollte
second. Ben Hemstead third. Time, 1:04.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Nandora
ucn, Castillo second, Tom Gllmbre third.
Time. l:4S«i.
Five furlongs, selling-— Sister Sarah Tvon,
Brandrol second. Maggie Clopton third. Time,
1:C3^ ¦ • . ...
Six end a half furlongs, selling— Jerry Hunt
won, Tobe Paine second, HI {Collar third.
Time. 1:2794-
Seven furlongs, selling— Ben Boy won, John
Morton second, Curd Glllock third. Time, l:3ihi-
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Zonne won,
Judge Steadman second, Orris third. Time,
1:E4.
NEW TORK. July 2.— Sheepshead Bay sum
mary: ••
Bix furlongs— Dublin won. Handwork second,
Unmasked third. Time, 1:13.
One mile, selling— Intrusive won, Dolando
second, Vitellius third. Time. 1:S9 4-5.
New Futurity course, six furlongs-^De
Reszke won. Howell "W. second. Port Royal
third. Time, 1:16.
¦ The Long Island, one mile and an eighth-
Gold Heels won. Brigadier second, All Gold
third. Time. 1:53.
Five furlongs, selling— Lady Radnor won.
Step Onward second. Frivol third. Time, 1:02. ;
Results of Racing Events
;/ . "' on the Various
In the Mixed Races at Butte
Only One Favorite Is
Victorious. - -
PONIES WINNING
IN THE EAST
IN THE BETTING MOFFATT RULES
THE FAVORITE OVER GARDNER
Chicago Middleweight Has Reached Weight and Will Do Light
Work Until the Fight— Neill Is the Preference of the Bet
tors JDver .Thurston Among Sporting Men ;at the Sausalito Pools
BALL GAMES
0F BIG LEAGUES
Tuesday's Contests Be
tween American and
National Nines.
Cleveland in Fine Form Plays
Its Third Successive
Errorless Game.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON. July 2.— Plan's passes to
first base, followed by opportune hitting, gave
Washington to-day's game. Powers' throwing
was a feature. Attendance 1500. Score:
Clubs — ' R- H - I s -
Washington •'••-W 13 2
Philadelphia 6 13 1
Batteries— Patten and Clarke; Piatt and Pow
ers.
MILWAUKEE, July 2.— Cleveland to-day
scored their third victory over Milwaukee and
incidentally played their third errorless game
in succession. Attendance 1250. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Milwaukee 4 7 1
Cleveland 6 12 0
batteries— Hawley and' Maloney; Moore and
Wood. •. .
CHICAGO, July 2.— The Chlcagos bunched
their hits and •with Detroit's errors won their
eighth consecutive game. A severe storm
stopped the game In the sixth inning. Attend-,
ance 2t00. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 6 1
Petrojt 8 6 7
Batteries— Griffith and Sullivan; Slever and
Buelow.
'BALTIMORE, July 2.— Boston broke Balti
more's winning streak by taking to-day's game.
Attendance 1300. Score:
Clnbs— . R. H. E.
Baltimore • 8 U 2
Boston 1" " 1
Batteries— McGinnity and Robinson; Winters
and" Schreck.
NATIONAL I/EAGTJE.
. BOSTON, July i 2.— Cincinnati batted Plttln
ger*s offerings hard and often to-day and won
easily. Hahn was effective at all times. Mur
phy of New Haven played his first game for
Boston. Attendapce 1660. Score:
Clubs— v R. H. E.
Boston •'¦ 17 3
Cincinnati 10 13 3
Batteries— Pittinger and Klttredge; Hahn and
Bersren. Umpire— Nasb.
NEW YORK, July 2.— New Tork made It
three straight from Chicago t>y winning an un
interesting game to-day. Attendance 1900.
Score:
Clubs— R- H- E.
New York '. 6 10 2
Chicago J 10 B
Batteries— Phyle and "Warner ; Hughes and
Kllng. Umpire— Cunningham.
PHI1«AI>EX.PHIA, July 2. — The horns team
apparently had to-day's same well In hand, but
in the eighth Inning Plttsburg made three hits,
which gave them four rung and the game. At
tendance 1900. Score:
Clubs— R- H- E.
Flttsburg- 6 11 2
Philadelphia 3 9 2
Batteries— Philllppl and Zlmmer; White and
McFarland. Umpire— CDay.
BROOKLYN. July ?.— To-day'a game with St.
Louis was called at the end of the eighth Inn
ing on account of a terrific thunderstorm. St.
Louis won by bunching six hits In the first two
innings. Attendance 600. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E\
St. Louis .'. - •••* 1 0
Brooklyn 2 7 3
Batteries— Powell and Ryan; Donovan and
McGuire. Umpire— Snyder.
BOXERS RAPIDLY GETTING INTO FORM FOR THE FOURTH OF JULY BOUTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GAI.Ii^ WEDNESDAY; JULY 3, 1901.
In the "Mountain of the Monks/' on the
coast of -Macedonia, i there . '. are • twenty
monasteries. The place is :sacred to ¦ the
male ,ser -and no > woman' is <: allowed -to
cross. iU borders.; . \
Battle Continues in Manchuria.
TIENTSIN. : July 2.— Fresh reports of
fighting in Manchuria and on the frontier
of Chill Province have been received
here. A pitched battle has fought
at; Shenyang, in which ° the natives de>
feated the Mohammedans. 1 % : ., : -. ¦¦ .
Attorney General Buys a House.
.'WASHINGTON, July 2.— Attorney - Gen
eral Knox has bought a home in this city.
The house is located in a fashionable sec
tion, on ' K" street," Northwest, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth. The considera
tion was . Jll^OOO^^^^; ._¦¦:/';-
SANTA ANA,- July 2.— The Coronado
flyer on the Santa Fe ran over the body,
of; a .man In Santa Ana Canyon this
morning. At the. Coroner's inquest this
evening evidence that the, unfortunate
man had been . murdered . and • then laid
upon the rails was adduced. - The train
men testified that when they picked up
the body a few minutes after it had
been struck it was cold and evidently had
been lifeless for. hours. There is no clew
to the Identity of the man.'who.was a
middle-aged 'Mexican. ¦-,. -..,'... -. - ;
Unknown Victim Placed oil the Santa
Fe Rails in Santa Ana
! '..- \ Canyon.
IMURDERKD MAN'S BODY
RUN OVER BY TRAIN
A little later a hint was received as to
the identity of the dog, and Miss Smith,
assisted by Sergeant Reynolds, made a
desperate effort to reach tha officer de
tailed to kill the collie. They were too
late. The dog had already been shot to
death. ¦ ¦ ; . '
' Scott was . no common dog. He was a
life-saver; and his death was due to his
zeal in that direction. The dog was a
handsome collie, and for several ' years
had been the companion of Dan Saph, a
fisherman at Thirty-third street and Lake
Shore. He had rescued many small boys
from death in the lake, during his life.
Tommy Ackerspn, 10 years of age,
sought relief to-day from the heat by
plunging in the lake. Scott saw the little
fellow out beyond his depth. Jumping
from the pier that projects into the water
at that point he seized the bather by the
leg and dragged him to shore. The boy
returned to his home and Informed his
parents that a dog had bitten him and' Mrs.
Ackerson made complaint to the Stanton
avenue station. An officer, was detailed
to kill the animal, the police not recog
nizing the hero, of many reports in the
police accident book.
CHICAGO, July 2.— "While the Stanton
avenue police and Miss E. Valentine
Smith, a representative of the - Anti-
Cruelty Society, stirred about to-day en
deavoring to save the life of a canine
hero, Scott by name, a policeman's bullet
killed. the animal. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sad Mistake Causes the
Death of a Note
; worthy Dog.
OFFICER KILLS
A CANINE HERO
At the dinner party given at thet Palace
Hotel" by Mrs. Reed on Monday night
Mayor Phelan - won ' a rare I bit of art s in
"The Madona and Child," g painted ; by
MIgnon . Samuels. The Mayor has!prom- :
ised to give the painting" to. be -hung, in
the library of the City and; County Alms- 1
house. ; • ;
Mayor Phelan Wins Painting."
First Payments Out of Surplus.
•Auditor Wells yesterday audited... the
first demands to be . paid out of the sur
plus fund • under . the. constitutional
amendment. They, were for judgments
obtained by the First National -Bank for
$11,142 71,' and ; J. W. Mackay and R. V.
Dey as trustees of the .Fair Estate -for
$37,118 67. on protested . taxes declared'il
legal by the Supreme Court.
At San Rafael on Saturday • evening
next,. at Hall Rafael, Mrs.. S. H. Dewet,
niece of the famous Boer leader. . General
Dewet; will lecture on ' "Boer . Life ' and
Customs." Mrs. Dewet Is a bright and
interesting speaker, and her story of the
lives of her country people is of distinct
value In its bearings on the- Boer; war
question. She will be assisted by Miss
Alice Beach McComas, pianist; Miss San
nie Kruger, vocalist , and niece of Presi
dent Kruger, and :Miss Carroll," • the
whistler. \ ;
Boer Lecture in. San' Rafael.
SAN JOSE. July 2.— The system of elec
tric railways radiating from San Jose
that a syndicate of capitalists, headed by
George T. Dunlap of Gilroy, has promised
this county assumed a more definite shape
to-day at. a hearing before the Board .of
Supervisors upon the question of offering
the franchises for sale. The entire day
was taken up in discussion. All sections
of. the county are to be reached, the'ag
gregate mileage of the system being above
100.
The original petition had seven roads
in one franchise. This has been changed
and the roads divided into four franchises.
The first Is for a road from San Jose to.
Gllroy, with separate -lines to Pacheeo
Pass and Sargenta; the second from San
Jose to Alviso. by way of Santa Clara;
another line will reach Los Gatos by way
of Campbell, and the fourth is from Santa
Clara along the San Francisco road to San
Mateo County. ' • •
The roads are to be built along the side
of the county roads. Work must com
mence In nine months and be completed
within two years.
Resolutions were passed by the Super
visors this afternoon directing the clerk
to advertise the Gilroy and Alviso. fran
chises for sale. . The others will be taken
up to-morrow and passed, i
Dunlap : still refuses to divulge who his
backers are, but as long as good faith is
shown by the promoters there will be no
opposition to the granting of the fran
chises. He declares there is plenty - of
money back of the . project, and that if
given an opportunity San Jose ; will soon
be the center of an electric railway sys
tem that will have no equal on the coast.
Special Dispatch . to The Call.
Santa Clara Supervisors
Welcome New Rail
• road System.
SYNDICATE GETS
THE FRANCHISES
INCIDENTS AT THE TRAINING
QUARTERS OF THE VARIOUS .
. PUGILISTS. "
fight with . Gardner last December, ls\
right again. It was in the seventh round
that the bone snapped on him, but he went
SINCE Sunday last Jack Moffatt,
who will meet Gardner on the
Fourth pf July, has done no .real
training: He has just kept fit and
if he can. hold tya present condi
tion until the afternoon of the fight he can
have nothing to complain of. He says he
feels well and strong and ready and he
tips the beam at* 155.
That makes him three pounds under the
required weight; but ha does not expect
to be any heavier at the weighing in.
"I am always a bit light." he said yes
terday, "and I will be satisfied if I weigh
in at, 155. All I want now is to keep the
'edge' on until the fight.
"I have done no hard work since Sun
day. Every morning- now I take a short
run and in the afternoon I punchthe bag
and do half an hour's gymnasium work,
but I do no sparring. I have.no need for
it and a man may hurt himself at the last
moment.'* ' '. ¦ ' '
Dr. Jones, the clnb physician, called at
Moffatfs training. quarters yesterday and
examined his heart and lungs. " He said
Moffatt was all right and sound as a bell,
which opinion was delivered after much
listening through a 'stethoscope and
thumping- of ribs.'
•Moffatt's arm, the one he broke in the
Prior to the installation the officers of
the parlor gave an exemplification of the
initiatory, work in the presence of a num
ber of the grand officers. It was an in
novation in that work, as it was per
formed- In a subdued, light with many
symbolic effects, after the manner of the
higher order. The officers were attired In
university gowns. The initiation work
was novel and added much to the imprea
siveness of the heretofore beautflul cere
mony- It met with the approbation- of
Grand President F. L. Coombs, Grand
Vice President L. F. Byington, Grand
Secretary JJenry Lunstedt and other
visitors..' After the work there was an
installation supper in the banquet hall at
which Dr. B. MeElroy was the toast
master. The toasts were: "California "
responded to by Dr. A. H. Glannini;
"Stanford Parlor," President Bruce
Cornwall; "The Native Sons," ¦¦ Grand
President P. X2 Coombs; "The Native
Daughters," Grand Secretary Lunstedt
and remarks by Grand Vice President
Byington, Grand Orator McLaughlln
Grand Trustee Wagner, John W. Lewis,
Henry S. Martin and many others.
Inter Nos Circle of the Companions of
the Forest of America had its officers
installed last night by District Deputy
Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, assisted by Mrs. M.
Connell as marshal. After., the Installa
tion there, was a banquet In honor of the
district , deputy, who will leave for the
Eagt in a few days as representative from
the State of California to the j supreme
circle of the order. During the evening
a member of Inter Nos; on behalf of the
circle, /presented Mrs. Atwood a - beau
tiful reticule, expressing the hope that it
would be useful on her journey East.
There were responses to sentiments by
Mrs. I Emma Agnes Harrington, P. G. C.
C. ; Dr. ¦', "W. . A. Atwood, Mrs. Errett, . the
new chief companion; M. Licht of Martha
Washington Cirole, and "Papa". Johnson,
the grandfather of Inter Nos. After the
banquet there was dancing and good-by
and godspeed ¦ to the district deputy.
The new officers of Pioneer Lodge of the
Friends of the Forest were Installed last
night* by Supreme President Mrs. Reed In
the presence of a large number of mem
bers of the order. After the installation
there was a banquet partaken of by about
150 persons and oratory by ', the supreme
andthe new officers. -«
•¦•" Redwood 1 Circle of the Women of Wood
craft had its recently elected officers In
stalled -in Native Sons Hall last night.
The^names of these have already been
published In The Call. The ceremony was
witnessed by "a large number of members
of the orderand friends, who,' for the first
time, were made aware of the manner in
• which qfflcers of this order are inducted
into office. VThe members and the guests
were then treated by the circle to an ex
cellent collation and. Ice cream.
Past president, William D. Hynes; president,'
Bruce Cornwall; first vice president, S. O.
Stanyan: second, vices president, August F.
Schlelcher; third vice president. Jay T. Nash;
recording secretary, Kred H. Jung; financial
secretary, Joseph G. Cox; treasurer, Henry D.
Lansing; trustees— Grant A. Laugrhlln, Henry
Van Valkenburgh, Joseph Greenberg; marshal.
John J. Van Nostrand; inside sentinel, Thomas
F. Ryan: outside sentinel. A. C. Trautvetter.
Surgeons — L. D. Baiigalupi, M. D.; E. R. Bry
ant, M. D.; Edwin Bunnell, M. D. ; Charles
Clark, *J. D.; Washington Dodge, M. D.; A
H. Giannlnl, M. D.; Henry Kugeler, M. D.;
Alfred McLaughlln, M. D. ; John-M. William-
Bon, M. D.*
Stanford Parlor, Native Sons of the
Golden "West, installed the following of
ficers last evening with all the impres
siveness of the ritual of the order:
Novel Initiatory "Work
Introduced by Stan
• ford Parlor.
NEW OFFICERS
DULY INSTALLED
in to finish his man anyway. The fight
was stopped,- however, and the decision
was given to Gardner. It was supposed
by many that the decision went that way
because Gardner did tb,e work, but clip
pings from I^ew York papers that^Mof
fatt has show that It was Moflatt who did
the work and further, that he had Gard
ner going in the round- before he broke
his arm.~ : Moffatt alao has a picture taken
of the arm'aft'er It had healed. The bones
knitted badly and. he had an X-ray photo
graph taken of the arm. It showed the
bones out of place so the- arm was broken
again and re^et properly, ' v ¦
To-day will be/ a particularly quiet one
fpr Moffatt. 'His run in the morning will
be very short and. his half hour In the
gymnasium will be a scant one. On
Thursday morning 1 he will come into the
city ready for the ring.
Not much betting -has been noted on
the fight, but brisk action is anticipated
to-day at the Sausalito poolrooms. The
; prevailing odds are' 10 to 7*4, : with Mof
fatt on the long end. Neill is a 10 to 8
favorite over Thurst6n. -
¦. The mutuels were at closing time:
Moffatt. \ "'Rounds. Gardner.
109... lto 6 ..:'..1I3
110.......... 7 to 12 .......114
1U 13 to 17 115
112 ......IS and over.......... IIS
Neill. Rounds. Thurston.
117 1 to 6 121
118. ........;...</.... 7 to 12 123
119............ :i3 to 17 124
120.......:........ 18 and over 125
tmith.
4
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"SENT .FREE. TO MEN!"
A Most Remarkable Remedy Thit
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
A Free Trial Paekag-e Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all whb
£-111 write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled ior years against the mental and
ohysical suffering of lpst manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It Is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ine from youthful folly, premature los»
of strength and memory, weak back, vari-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
*The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
-effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
*tlens and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
'Institute. 328 Elektron building. Port
Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desire one
'of their free trial packages, will be com-
piled with promptly. The v Institute is de-
Jdrous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed and the free samples will enable them
so "see how easy it is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
isent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, bo that Its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to ; write
without delay. ,
-UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION ANI> AFFAIRS
OF THE • . .
Aachen and
Munich Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE, Germany, on the
31st day of December, A. D. 1900. and for
the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of •Cali-
fornia pursuant to th» Provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.^
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $7«,527 60
Cash In Company's Office ; 40 08
Cash In Banks 75,345 66
Interest du« and accrued on all
Stocks and loans 920 00
Premiums In due course of Collec-
tion - — — - 95 -™ 47
Total Assets $313,533 71
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3,848 03
losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 45.840 83
Losses resisted, including- expenses.. 4,640 99
Gross premiums on Fira Risks run-
ning one year or less. $482,439 J5;
re-insurance BO per cent 241.219 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $230,823 74:
re-Insurance pro rata.... — 126.536 82
All other liabilities .-» 16.029 26
Total Liabilities $437,815 53
INCOME. "
Net "u^ns 01 " 8 ""." 0 "". 6 "" f -°"-^ « $543,818 «1
Received for Interest and dividends *
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 23,532 24
Received from all other sources...... 10,410 27
Total Income $576,579 13
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $51,»75 29. losses of pre- \
vlous years) " $358.85o 17
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 10«,872 87
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 69,838 80
Paid for State. National and Local _
taxes .-, -- 18,663 ?7
All other payments and expenditures 64,140 73
Total Expenditures $606,370 43
Fire.
Ix>sses Incurred during the year $356,929 C9
Risks ana Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
1 . 1 !? $59,521,885 $766.359 55
Net amount of Risks
.expired during the
year ...1 49.61S.4I5 832,514 53
Net ¦ ! . amount In force •
December 31. 1900 54.878.215 713.263 99
SAM H. WEED (of Weed & Kennedy),
; . ' . ¦ ¦ - Manager. .
Subscribed and sworn to before me this ls.t
day of January, 190L F. FISHBECK,
Notary Public.
STATEMENT
. . -p^GB 1 THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
Hanover Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, in the State* of New Tbrk,
the tlst day of December. A. O. 1300, and
for the year ending on that day, as 'mad* to
the Insurance Commissioner ot the Stats of
California, pursuant to the provision* ot mo-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Cods, con-
densed as per blank furnished by tha Coo*
missioner. *
CAPTTAIfc
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash .n.000.000 «
ASSETS.
Real Estat* owned by Company $430,000 Oft
Loans on Bond* and Mortgages 8.500 M
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company.......... 3,231,573 75
Cash In Company's Office.... 53.97S T4
Cash in Banks. 83,039 57
Interest duo and accrued on all .
Stocks and Loans 13. (73 S9
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 14 M
Premiums In doe Course of Collec-
tion 240.077 40
Renta due and accrued 1.443 33
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid.... 8,940 83
Total Assets .~ ..—....$3,108,305 70
UABIUTIEg. =========
Losses adjusted and unpaid V22.8S7 M
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 80,223 83
Losses resisted, including expenses.. ¦ 19.847 29
Gross premiums on Fire. Risks run*
ning one year or less. $1,227,925 62;
reinsurance SO per cent 813.963 n
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,292.-
' 13| 76; reinsurance pro rata.., 714,373 51
All other liabilities 51,363 4ft
Total Liabilities .tl.623.S43 40
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,720,597 28
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 173 00
Received for Interest and dividends .
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from .
all other sources 89133 83
Received for profit on sale cf securi-
ties 17.803 64
23,139 40
Total Income $1,863,923 05
EXPENDITURES. ~~ "*
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $139,S67 78. losses of pre-
vious years) : ; $1,111.812 74
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
.Brokerage 343.839 23
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 147,839 J3
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 88,207 33
All other payments and expenditures 153,215 7<
Total Expenditures $1.931,93t 23
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $1,178,023 60
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $22S.983,190 I2.340.5S6 63
Net 'amount of Risks
expired during the
year 192.eS3.9C3 2.042,336 60
Net amount In force
December 31. 19QO 251.501.175 2,573,360 33
CHA8. A. SHAW. President.
JOa McCORD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th
day of January. 1201.
TO. BATES, Notary Public
CESAR BERTHEAU - - Pacific Coast Manager,
., AIFRED.R. .GRIM, Assistant Manager,
MARTIN RASCHEN' and GUSMESSlNGEfl, Managers City Depaifeni,
Of flee— 428 CALIFORNIA STREET.
6AN FRANCISCO.' CAUWEDNESDAY. JULY 3.
AMERICAN SHIP HEXRT FAILING OFF THE FARALLONES. SHE IS
THE LOFTIEST VESSEL SEEN IN THIS PORT IN MANY A DAY
AND SPREADS A CLOUD OF CANVAS.'
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order . of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when -a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the. mean of the lower low waters.
. Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. . :
NOTE— The higrh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Turner's appointment was not the re
sult of a civil service examination. He
was appointed on the recommendation of
Congressman Kahn as an extra clerk to
handle the military mail, and it was thi3
class of mall that suffered by his depre
dations. He was receiving a salary ot $75
per month — good pay for a young man of
his caliber. ¦¦
A -»-¦»-«--»-«-»-»¦¦». *»»»»'»«» V.t..t..t..t_.t..»_ rffc
Inspector Bricker was apprised of the
fact that for several weens newspapers
had been sent through the mails witaout
stamps, Turner being the last person,
througn whose hands the packages
passed. A watch was set and Turner was
caught yesterday with his pocket full of
stamps that he had taken off mail pack
ages uncanceled. These stamps he in
tended to use, as he had used others, ln
sending packages of purchases he had
made lor people In the country.
Turner admitted having taken the
stamps that were found in his pockets
and alleged that he was only "joshing."
"I did it only for a josh.. See? Dat'a
all dere's to it."
E. J. Turner, an extra clerk in the Ferry
Postofflce, was arrested yesterday by
Postofflce Inspector L. H. Bricker on
charges of stealing stamps off mall mat
ter, sending newspapers unstamped to
friends and for other criminal violations
of postal laws.
Removes Stamps From Mili
tary Mail and Uses Them
for His Own Profit.
Caught in the Act by
Postal Sleuth
Bricker.
CLERK TURNER
STEALS STAMPS
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
July 2. 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon , to-day —
l.<e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or . at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. ..
' . CO. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, , U. S: N., in charge.
? ¦ . . ¦ ¦ ¦ • . :
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of. High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance - to San
hazy; wind NW, velocity 32 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQUA- Arrived July 1— Schr Sadie, from
San Pedro: schr Lily, hence June 20.
• ABERDEEN- Arrived July 1-Schr Kona,
I hence June 14.
ROCHE HARBOR— Arrived June 2S-Brig W
G Irwin. hence June 8.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 2— Ger bark Nal,
from Hio~o.
Sailed July 2— Stmr Geo W Elder, for San
Francisco; Br bark Nivelle, for Queenstown.
July 1— Schr Repeat, for San Francisco
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 1— Schr La
Gironde, hence June 20. July 2— Stmr Grace
Dollar, hence June 26.
Sailed July 2— Schr Esther Buhne, for San
Francisco. June 20— Bktn Encore, for Mel
bourne; schr Orient, for San Francisco; schr
John A, for San Pedro; schr Gen Banning, for
San Francisco. ¦
PORT LDDLO1V- Arrived July 2— Schr F S
Redfield, hence June 15.
Sailed July 2— Schr Volant, for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed July 2— Schr Robert Searles, for Mel
bourne.
NOYO— Sailed July 2— Nor stmr Horda, for
Guayaquil.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived July 2— Stmr Luella,
from .
SEATTLE— Arrived July 2-Stmr Kintuck,
from Port Townsend; stmr City of Topeka.
from Dyea; stmr Centennial, from Nome; stmr
Senator, from Nome, and reports could not get
within CO miles of St Michael on account of
the ice; spoke stmr St Paul June 23 off Nuni
vick Island; six days out from Unalaska, for
Cape Nome.
NOME— In port June 21— Stmr Valencia, from
Seattle; stmr Elmore and schr.Abble M Deer
ins, from Seattle.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 2— Schr "Webfoot,
hence June 15.
Sailed July 2— Schr Mary E Rusa, for San
Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived July 1— Stmr
Navarro.
PORT GAMBLE-Arrived July fc-Schr Hono
lulu, from Victoria. . t
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 16— Schr Allen A,
from Eureka. June 19-rSchr Mary E Foster,
hence June 5. June 22— Nor bark Odderajaa,
from Newcastle. Aus; bktn Ruth, from New
castle, Aus; schr G W Watson, from Kaana
pall. June 23 — Bark Mohican, hence June 9;
bktn Planter, hence June 8; bark Fort George,
from Newcastle, Aus; stmr Zealandia. from
¦ea ln distress. June 24— Schr Carrie and An
nie, hence June 7; brig Tanner, from Port
Blakeley; schr Annie M Campbell, rrom Port
Gamble. June 25 — Ship Hawaiian Isles, from
Newcastle, Aus; Btmr Sierra, from Sydney.
June 26— Bktn Benlcia, hence June 13.
Sailed June 22— Stmr Zealandia and bktn Ar
cher, for San Francisco; schr Bertie Minor,
for Port Townsend. June 28 — Bktn Amelia, for
Port Townsend; schr Defiance, for San Fran
cisco. June 24 — Schr John A Campbell, for ,
Port Townaend. June 25— Ship Wm H Smith,
for Port Townsend.
MAHUKONA— Arrived Jun« 17— Schr Mary
Dod^e, from Lahaina.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW TORK— Arrived July 2— Stmr Advance,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Juno 29— Stmr Peru.
for San Francisco.
ADELAIDE— Arrived prior to' July 2— Bktn
Jane L Stanford, from Port Blakeley.
SWANSEA— Sailed July 1— Br ship Pegasus,
for San Francisco.
KOBE— Arrived July 1— Bktn Chaa F Crock
er, from Port Gamble.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— In port June 10— Ger
bark Empereur Menellk, for San Francisco;
ship John Ena, for San Francisco; Br ship
Lord Temnleton, for San Francisco; Br ship
Marechal Suchet, for Panama; Nor bark Cli
via, for Panama. " ¦ ,
Loading June 10— Ship Kennebec, for Aca
pulco; ship Alex Gibson, for Honolulu; bktn
Chehalis, for Honolulu; schr Churchill, for
Honolulu; Br ship Drumburton, for Honolulu;
Er ship Drumcraig, for Honolulu; bktn Echo,
for Honolulu; bark Himalaya, for Honolulu;
schr HonolDU. for Honolulu; schr Inca, for
Honolulu; bark Invincible, for Honolulu; Br
bark Ivanhoe, for Honolulu; ship James Drum
mond, for Honolulu; bktn James Johnson, for
Honolulu; schr Mahukona, for Honolulu; ship
Mary L Cushingr. for Honolulu; schr Otilla
Pedersen, for Honolulu; Nor bark Prince
Louis, for Honolulu; Fr bark Prince . Regent,
for Honolulu. • -
Sailed May 11— Bark Empire, for Honolulu.
June 7— Sehr F M Slade, for Eleele. May 25—
Ektn Gleaner, for Kehei.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 2— Stmr Lake
Superior, from Montreal.
BOULOGNE— Arrived July 2— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived July 2— Stmr Hohen
zollern, from New ; York, for Naples and
Genoa.
BREMEN— Arrived July 2— Stmr Kaiser Wil
helm. der Grosse, from New York, via Cher
bourg and Southampton.
Sailed July 2— Stmr Frlederich der Grosse,
for New York, via Southampton.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed July 2— Stmr Patricia,
from Hamburg, for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 2— Stmr Taurlc,
for Liverpool.
LIZARD— Passed July 2— Stmr Mesaba, from
New York, for London. ;
DUNGENESS— Passed July 2— Simr North
town, from Chicago/ via Montreal and Syd
ney, C B, for Antwero: . • ¦. •
ROTTERDAM— Arrived July 2— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York, via Boulogne.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LODOS. July 2. 10 j. m-Weather
June 25, In Unlmak Pass— U S (*mr Seward,
from Seattle, for Nome; brie Courtney Ford.
June 2«— Stmr Brunswick. y'
PORT TOWXSEND— Sailed Julv. 2— Schr J
M Wcatherwax, for Tacoma.
SPOKEN,
Stmr Zealandia sailed from Honolulu June
22 for San Francisco and returned on June
23 with boilers out of order. Pert of passen
gers came on stror Sierra to San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SEATTLE. July 2— Whaling stmr Balaena,
from Ss,n Francisco Adi II 4, was wrecked on
St Law rence Island May 1 during a heavy
»rale. Captai.i and crew landed at Nome. Ves-
DISASTER.
Per schr Conflanza, from Coquille River July
2— On June 30 at 4 p m. 10 miles SW of Point
Gorda, experienced a heavy NW gale, shift
ing cargo and washing overboard 10 M feet
lumber and also the schooner's yawl, caus
ing the vessel to spring- a leak.
MEMORANDUM.
SAILED.
Tuesday, July 2.
Stmr Bonita. Nopander, San Pedro.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stair GlBsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, Grays Har
bor.
Stmr Aloha. Wehman, .
St»nr Emplra, Macgenn, Cc-os Bay.
U S Btmr Oregon, Thomas. Port Orchard.
Bar^e Santa Paula, McGovern, Ventura, in
tow of tuz Rescue.
Schr C T Hill. LIndahl, . :
Schr Jennie Grif tin. Campbell, Point Reyes.
Tuesday, July 2.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, Sail Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Mary D Hume, Moore, Nushagak; Pa
cific SUam Whaline Co.
CLEARED.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. 42 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Alsoa, Wehman, 32 houra from Alca
traz Wand.
Ship Henry Falling, Matthews, 21 days from
Kahului.
Ger shiD Wandsbek, Tadsen, 28 days from
Hioeo.
Schr Marion. ToDfer, 11 days from Tacoma.
Schr Conflanza. Jacobsen, 4 days from .
Tuesday, July 2.
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette, days from Syd
ney, via Honolulu 6 days.
Stmr Westport. Ericssen, hours from
In addition to cargo previously reported, the
steamer Walla Walla, which sailed Sunday for
Victoria, carried 1577 pkgs fruit and vegeta
bles, 50 cs raisins, 613 eks potatoes, 38 sks on
ions and 1000 lbs copper, valued at {3000.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Additional Cargo.
The El Dorado will load lumber at Grays
Harbor for Honolulu; the Serena Thayer, lum
ber at Eureka for Hilo; the William Law,
wheat or merchandise here for Europe, 27s 6d,
prior to arrival.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
The battleship Oregon sailed for Puget
Sound yesterday. . She will go to Bremer
ton Xor an overhauling.
S. Lund, formerly dockmaster at Spear
street, has taken charge of Boole's ways
in Oakland.
The schooner Confiajiza arrived yester
day with nearly all of her deckload of
lumber gone. Last Sunday, when ten
miles southwest of Point Gorda, she was
caught in a heavy northwester. The cargo
shifted, and some of the lashings giving
way. about 10,000 feet of lumber was
washed overboard. The schooner's yawl
was also carried away. The Confianza
sprang a leak and will have to go on the
dry dock for repairs.
"Water Front Notes.
The German ship Wandsbek arrived
here yesterday from Hiogo, Japan, in bal
last. She made the run across the Pa
cific in the splendid time of twenty-eight
days. The Wandsbek was formerly the
British ship Ardencaple.
The British ship John Cook arived yes
terday, 166 days out from Antwerp. She
had a succession of gales in the British
Channel to contend with and then had fair
weather to the Cape. The run from "50"
to "50" was made in forty-five days and
fine •weather was then the rule until three
days from port, when it blew a northerly
gale.
The steamship Horda sailed yesterday
from Noyo with 2,000,000 feet of railroad
ties for Guayaquil. She will be followed
by the steamship Victoria.
Confianza in Trouble.
weather and then met a sucesslon of gale3
off the Horn. She was partly dismasted
and battered, so th«» captain finally decid
ed to go into Port Stanley for repairs.
Workmen are very scarce on the Falk
land Islands and repairing a disabled ves
sel is a heart-breaking job. The Failing
was in Port Stanley until December 30,
1900, and New Year's day of the twentieth
century she was once more being buffeted
by the Cape Horn billows. After a
lengthy passage from Stanley, the Ha
waiian Islands were finally reached and
on June 12 the ship sailed for San Fran
cisco.
This is the first visit of the Failing to
this coast in years. She is -owned by the
California Ship Company.
Kahului yesterday, after a very eventful
trip. She sailed • from New Tork for
Kafcului on April 26. 1900. Off the River
Platte she ran into some very heavy
Ship Henry Failing Arrives.
The ship Henry Failing made port from
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Sierra arrived from Sydney, New
South Wales, via Auckland, New
Zealand. Pago Pago, Samoa and
Honolulu, yesterday. She was off
Mc:gss "Wharf about 2 p. m., but owing
to the large crowd of passengers it was
after 5 p. m. before the quarantine officer
c # L'u!d set through with her.
As was surmised, the Zealandia was the
cause of the Sierra being behind time.
The former vessel left Honolulu at 4 p. m.
June 22. with a big crowd of passengers.
At 9 p. m. two pipes in the starboard
boiler began to leak and Captain Dowdell
decided to put back. When the Sierra
cair.e along the disabled steamship's pas
sengers and cargo had to be transferred
and that delayed the mail boat twenty
lour hours.
When the Zealandia arrived at Honolulu
her boilers were leaking, but the machin
ists and boilermakers would not work on
them. Chief Engineer Keller made tem
porary repairs with the assistance of his
f taff and it was thought the steamer could :
xr.ake San Francisco under easy steam. It
could not be done, however, and now the
Zealandia is laid up at Honolulu for re
pairs. Th6 Sierra, will go out on the Zea.
landia's run on July 6, sailing at 2 p. m.
The cabin passengers of the Sierra were
the following named:
From Sydney and Auckland — L. M. Bour
baiifi, Mrs. C Bourband. M. K. Bourband.
airs. SI. Ulm. Mrs. Hush Wilson, F. W. Col
linsrwood, P. Tonks, Mrs. F. W. Lester, Mrs.
Myere, Miss Rona Myeis, Miss Mary Watson,
S. Williamson, Mies Jane Binns, M. TV. Mor
eaii, T. C. Bush. G. A. Litzenbergrer. Miss A.
Shepherd, George E. Turner. Herr Hoffman.
13. J. O'Brien. A. Tons. Miss Tonks, A. Hager
and wife. H. Beale, D. E. Thornton, F. J.
Whitby, Mrs. A. J. Storr. M. B. Ferguson,
Ulza F. M. Johr-Ban. H. Schnell. P. G. Black.
Kiss C. H. Austin. Dr. A. W. Hare, Hugh
"Wilson. Count and Countess de Rejihini. F. S.
Tons. E. L. Yencken and wife. Miss G. Bruce.
W. Cruwzier. J. \V. Dearder, H. Carlyon and
wife. Miss M. Walker, T. W. W. Morgan and
A. Kalman.
From Honolulu (including the Zealandia's
passengers) — airs. A. A. Stevens. J. P. Erd
mari. lire. S. Mathews, Mrs. Crelghton. S. P.
Perrr, S. Simon, T. S. Sedgwick, Mrs. R. R.
V.cir, H. M. Lull, Mrs. McLean. Mr. Ell
ford, Miss Morgan. Miss Ncedharu, Mrs. P.
T. Melson, Miss McStocker and maid, C. O.
Hasten. Mrs. E. W. Fuller and daughter. Mrs.
\\\ L.. Peterson, Mrs. Maroon and three chil
dren, Mrs. W. E. Brown and child, \V. A.
Vantor, D. H. Lewis, Mrs. Morrison, Mrs.
Driscoll and daughter, Mrs. Clark and daugh
ter, F. A. Alexander. H. Lachman, Mrs. J.
It. Burns, T. D. Bates, the Ellford Dramatic
Company. C. M. Tozler. Miss Flora. Ross, M.
Ji. Macfarlane, Miss B. Quinn. J. McGiren,
ilre. Mumford and child. F. M. Smith. Mrs.
R. W. Smith, Miss Stevens, Mrs. O. H.
Walker, Dr. Rice and wife. Miss Lishman, A.
J. • Coates. Miss Johnson. Mrs. T. Sedgwlck,
Martin Peeck, Miss Lycott. Miss McLane,
Mrs. Elleford. \V. C. Cook. Miss Lofquitt.
C. C. Van Hanson, Mrs. Afong, Mrs. C. A.
Hasten, Mrs. Patton, child and nurse; Mrs.
J. A. Hopper, J. W. F. Nichols, wife and
son; Mrs. J. B. Hopkins. Mrs. McCarthy and
five children. L. H. Miller. Mrs. Turner and
maid. Mrs. F. Vf. Gregg. Miss H. B.
Frost, D. Adams, M. Louissen and wife, Mrs.
Burns, Baby Cummings, Miss Diggs, M. F.
Lucas. Mrs. Vanvater, Mrs. H. T. Rice, Dr.
Huntington, wife and two children; J. D. Me-
Ourway and son. Miss E. II. Morrow. Mrs.
V. P. Kurnell and two children, C. J. Mc-
Carty. H. T. Sturdlvant, T. E. Hudson, Mrs.
and Miss Frazier, F. L. Richmond, L. Hun
zersberger, Miss A. Smith, Miss Forsythe,
Miss A. M. Woods, Miss Grace, Miss M. Hod
nott. Miss E. Lyons. S. A. Crook, Mrs.
Kutrich and son. I. von Hamm, Miss Gunn,
Mrs. B. F. Sandoxr, Miss EL McKinley. Miss
M. L. Hoppier. Mrs. A. G. Curtis and child, R.
Randolph, C. J. Holt and two children. W. H.
Morrison. Miss Laughlin. Captain Sodgren.
II. Dochert, J. G. Dook. Mrs. B. H. Deemen.
L. Sargrent. Baby Lillian. Mrs. Charles Brown
and child. Miss Laura Ross, Mrs. R. Turner
s.n.1 three children, A. J. Ludwingson, Dr. J.
Mori. Mrs. W. A. Morrow. Mrs. C. J. Deering,
J. W. T. Nichols and wife, T. O. Hihn. F. A.
Teeters and wife, G. A. Cooke. J. F. Morgan
an<J daughter. A. J. Ames, V. M. Fulcher and
A. W. Colter.
Besides these the Sierra brought seven
ty-five eecond-cabin passengers and about
100 in the steerage.
The Sierra brings the news that Harry
Hix jumped overboard on June 1 from the
brig Tanner and was drowned. The Tan
ner was at Honolulu from the sound when
the mail steamer sailed. Hix was suffer
ing- from delirium tremens when he jump
ed overboard.
The ship Sena-tor. which left the sound
for Europe with a load of lumber and had
to put into Hilo in distress, has been sur
veyed and found seaworthy. She will pro
ceed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL- WEDNESDAY, ' -JULY; 3, 1901.
Takes Aboard AIL the Zealandia's People, Mail and Cargo at Hono
lulu Owing to Breakdown of That Vessel When Five Hours Out
for This Port — This Delays the Mail Boat Twenty-Four Hours
MAIL STEAMSHIP SIERRA ARRIVES
WITH BIG CROWD OF PASSENGERS
5
Sun rises...
Sun sets
Moon rises
Time Time
Date Ft.
L -VV H W
3 ... 6:20 —0.6 1:27
H W L, W
4 ... 0:08 5.6 7:00
6 ... 1:00 5.4 7:40
6 ... 1:55 5.1 8:19
7 .. 3:00 4.C 9:04
8 .. 4:11 . 4.3 9:56
9 ... 6:30| 4.0 10:4S|
Time| |Tlme|
Ft. ( Ft. Ft.
L. \v( H w
4.9 6:10| 2.91 .....
H \V L W \
-0.4 2:11 5.0 7:01 2.7
-0.1 2:46 6.2 ' 8:00 ' 2.4
0.3 3:22 5.3 9:04 2.1
O.S 4:01 5.4 10:10 1.7
1.4 4:44 5.6 11:14 1.2
1.8 5:34 5.8
4:51
7:3!
S:34 p. m.
Steamer. ¦ • From.
W. H. Kruger. Fort Bragg
Hermonthis Hamburg & Way Ports
Fulton Grays Harbor
Strathgyle Oyster Harbor
N'oyo Cayucos
Eureka Humboldt
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael...
Mineola Kanaimo
Washtenaw.... Tacoma
San Pedro Humboldt
Pomona Humboldt
North Fork.... Humboldt
Q. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria..
Santa Rosa San Diego
Crescent City.. Crescent City
wOos Bay Newport -%
Point Arena... Point Arena
krequlpa Valparaiso & Way Pts
Gr. Dollar Grays Harbor
Rival "Wlllapa Harbor
3Mty of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports ....
A.rcata Coos Bay
Milton Nanaimo
wzarlna.. Seattle and Tacoma....
Bonita.. San Pedro & Way Ports
Corona San Diego
Progreso Tacoma
Ueelanaw N. Y. via Panama
Klppon Maru.. China and. Japan
Kewport Panama & Way Ports.
Columbia...... Portland and Astoria..
a.
>ue.
July 3
July 3
July 3
July 3
July 3
July 3
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 5
July 5
July 3
July 5
July 6
July 6
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
Steamer.
I Destination.
July 3.
Seattle & Hadlock.
Sluslaw River ....
Tillamook Bay
Humboldt
San Diego
July 4.
Humboldt-
July S.
Coqullle Klver ....
Seattle & N. What
Puget Sound Ports
Jnly G.
Hamburg- & Way..
Humboldt
Humboldt
Valparaiso & Way
Newport
Australia & Way.
Jnly 7.
Mexican Ports ....
Astoria & Portland
Humboldt
Humboldt
San Dlegro
Jnly 8.
Seattle & Fairhavn
Coos Bay
Point Arena
Panama & Way.;.
Grays Harbor. ....
Willapa Harbor ..
July O.
China and Japan..
San Pedro
ISalls.l Pier.'
Robt. Dollar.
Acme
W. Krugrer...
Noyo
Corona
5 pm Pier 2
3 pm Pier 13
5 pm Pier J3
B pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
Eureka
9 am Pier 13
Mandalay
Rainier
Umatllla
6 pm Pier —
5 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 9
Ammon
Santa Barb...
Pomona ,
rucapel
3oos Bay
Sierra
12 m Pier 27
10 am Pier 2
1 :30 p Pier 9
12 m Pier 10
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 7
Curacao
3. W. Elder..
North Fork..
3an Pedro —
Santa Rosa..
10 am Pier 11
11 am Pier 24
8 am Pier 2
10 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 16
12 m Pier 13
2 pm Pier 2
12 mPMSS
'5 pm Pier 2
E pm 5th St.
1 pm PMSS
9 am Pier 11
Despatch
\rcata
Point Arena..
?an Jose
3race Dollar.
Rival
Doric
Bonlta
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. July 3
Ukl Skaguay & Way Ports. July 4
"¦lty of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. July : 5
-lumboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. July 5
Senator Nome & Teller City.... July R
Valencia Nome direct July fi
¦"entennlal..... Nome & Teller City.... July 5
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. July 6
Skagruay & Way Ports. July 7
jueen Skaguay & Way Ports. July 9
71ty of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 9
Sun rises...
Sun sets
Moon rises
Time Time
Date Ft.
L -VV H W
3 ... 6:20 —0.6 1:27
H W L, W
4 ... 0:08 5.6 7:00
6 ... 1:00 5.4 7:40
6 ... 1:55 5.1 8:19
7 .. 3:00 4.C 9:04
8 .. 4:11 . 4.3 9:56
9 ... 6:30| 4.0 10:4S|
Time| |Tlme|
Ft. ( Ft. Ft.
L. \v( H w
4.9 6:10| 2.91 .....
H \V L W \
-0.4 2:11 5.0 7:01 2.7
-0.1 2:46 6.2 ' 8:00 ' 2.4
0.3 3:22 5.3 9:04 2.1
O.S 4:01 5.4 10:10 1.7
1.4 4:44 5.6 11:14 1.2
1.8 5:34 5.8
4:51
7:3!
S:34 p. m.
Steamer. ¦ • From.
W. H. Kruger. Fort Bragg
Hermonthis Hamburg & Way Ports
Fulton Grays Harbor
Strathgyle Oyster Harbor
N'oyo Cayucos
Eureka Humboldt
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael...
Mineola Kanaimo
Washtenaw.... Tacoma
San Pedro Humboldt
Pomona Humboldt
North Fork.... Humboldt
Q. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria..
Santa Rosa San Diego
Crescent City.. Crescent City
wOos Bay Newport -%
Point Arena... Point Arena
krequlpa Valparaiso & Way Pts
Gr. Dollar Grays Harbor
Rival "Wlllapa Harbor
3Mty of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports ....
A.rcata Coos Bay
Milton Nanaimo
wzarlna.. Seattle and Tacoma....
Bonita.. San Pedro & Way Ports
Corona San Diego
Progreso Tacoma
Ueelanaw N. Y. via Panama
Klppon Maru.. China and. Japan
Kewport Panama & Way Ports.
Columbia...... Portland and Astoria..
a.
>ue.
July 3
July 3
July 3
July 3
July 3
July 3
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 5
July 5
July 3
July 5
July 6
July 6
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
Steamer.
I Destination.
July 3.
Seattle & Hadlock.
Sluslaw River ....
Tillamook Bay
Humboldt
San Diego
July 4.
Humboldt-
July S.
Coqullle Klver ....
Seattle & N. What
Puget Sound Ports
Jnly G.
Hamburg- & Way..
Humboldt
Humboldt
Valparaiso & Way
Newport
Australia & Way.
Jnly 7.
Mexican Ports ....
Astoria & Portland
Humboldt
Humboldt
San Dlegro
Jnly 8.
Seattle & Fairhavn
Coos Bay
Point Arena
Panama & Way.;.
Grays Harbor. ....
Willapa Harbor ..
July O.
China and Japan..
San Pedro
ISalls.l Pier.'
Robt. Dollar.
Acme
W. Krugrer...
Noyo
Corona
5 pm Pier 2
3 pm Pier 13
5 pm Pier J3
B pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
Eureka
9 am Pier 13
Mandalay
Rainier
Umatllla
6 pm Pier —
5 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 9
Ammon
Santa Barb...
Pomona ,
rucapel
3oos Bay
Sierra
12 m Pier 27
10 am Pier 2
1 :30 p Pier 9
12 m Pier 10
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 7
Curacao
3. W. Elder..
North Fork..
3an Pedro —
Santa Rosa..
10 am Pier 11
11 am Pier 24
8 am Pier 2
10 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 16
12 m Pier 13
2 pm Pier 2
12 mPMSS
'5 pm Pier 2
E pm 5th St.
1 pm PMSS
9 am Pier 11
Despatch
\rcata
Point Arena..
?an Jose
3race Dollar.
Rival
Doric
Bonlta
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. July 3
Ukl Skaguay & Way Ports. July 4
"¦lty of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. July : 5
-lumboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. July 5
Senator Nome & Teller City.... July R
Valencia Nome direct July fi
¦"entennlal..... Nome & Teller City.... July 5
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. July 6
Skagruay & Way Ports. July 7
jueen Skaguay & Way Ports. July 9
71ty of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 9
¦_ "
¦*'.¦¦¦¦'¦ '
There is nothing worth read-
ing on soap but this:* Fels-
Naptha saves half the work of
washday— the worst half.
Your grocer returns your
money if you don't . like it.
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received oa board oa
day of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU... Wednesday. July 17. 19m
ES. AMERICA MARU.. ..Saturday, Aug. 10. 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. September 4. 190t
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Sto«m»l»lp Xaino «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East.. Throngh ii;lcet* to all
points, all rail or steamshio and rail, at
IiOTVEbO 1 X«..A.rX > :E3S.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BSBTH aai XSAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA I..... ,;
Sails July 12. 22. August 1. 11. 21. tl
SS.'GEO. W. ELDER .'' «
... ...Sails July 7, 17. 27, August 8..18. J5 '
D.W. HITCHCOCK. Oen.Agt..l Montgom'y. S.F.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBsT
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VAUEji.
Steamers GEN. FRI3BIE or MONTICELLa;
¦ ¦ 9:45 a. m.. 2:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 1 a.m., 12:30 noon. 8 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Far* Sit -
cents. Telephone Main IMS. Landing and of-
fice, pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH UROsk
OCEAN T3AVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
V , Steamers leave Broadway
fct. Wharf. San Francisco:
MBhfic. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
DH^m^ July 5, 10. 15, 20, 25, 30, Aug
> Ka?^2d l S»*. *¦ Change to company* a
Kgi fcmffa steamers at Seattle.
I £B&£«s!^W| For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
| SBSZtfl^nl c -)> Port Townsend Seattle,
i /^**B|Kk Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
"^ and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
- " • • • ¦ ™* 11 a. m., July 6, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30,
Aug. 4. and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at . Seattle for ¦ this ¦ company's steamers for
Alaska 'and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
- For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 o. m.,
July 1. 6, 11. 15. 20, 25. 30, Aug. 4, 9, 13, 18, 23,
28, Sept. 2. ¦¦-¦¦-. ¦.•¦..-:•¦-.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa. Bar-
bara, Port Los. Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.;
steamer Corona, Wednesdays, 9 a. m;
For Los Aneeles, .. calling at Santa Cruz,
Monterery, • San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro, San - Pe-
dro and 'Newport (*Coos Bay only)— Steamer
Coos Bay, Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; Steamer Bo-
nlta,' Tuesdays, 9 a. m. -
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia . and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th , each
month. "¦¦¦¦:
For further Information obtain company's
folders. '
| ' ¦ The ¦ company reserves ; the right to . change
steamers, .sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice. ' ' '
TICKET OFFICE —4 . New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
• : . .• -. ¦ • , ¦ 10 Market St.. San Francisco.,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND . WASHINGTON '. STS.— RH-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $ I 50 day;
15 to $8 week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water. every room; flro grates ln every
[ room; elevator runs all night. ' :
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
MEW TOSS.' S0UTHAKPT0H. LONDON. FABI&
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a, m.
St. Louis July 17j Philadelphia .August 21
St. Paul. August 7 St Paul .. August 2S
St. Louis August 14i St. Louis.. September 4
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday. 12 noon.
*Zeeland July It) Southwark July 31
Frieslarid July 17 •Vaderland ..Ausuet 7
Pennland July 24 Kensington ..August 14
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
: INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
, ' ' CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA R. R. Sf
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECTS
Cabin. $105: Steerage. $40.
6. S. Leelanaw «ails MonJjy. July 15
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, Aug. 12
S. 6. Leelanaw - sails Monday. Aug. 26
From . Sea Wall (Section 1) at i p. m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0MPA6NIE OEKERALB TRAN3ATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. -^^^
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, iSmSwSS
North River, foot of Morton street; La Gas-
cogne, July 11: *La Normandie,' July IS: La
Bretagne, July. 25; La Champagne, August 1.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers. ,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Ai»AAnfi>(T C t? A HAWAII, 8AM0A, NEW
I occaBics.sxo. sjBj^asa
SS. SIERRA' (via Honolulu), " for Samoa, .
NEW Zealand and Australia .... . : ¦
Saturday, July 6, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.
..........I. ........ Tuesday, August 6, 10 ft. m.
J. Q.SPRECKEtS k BROS. CO., Gmtral Agents. 327 Market 8t
Qen'l Passenger Offics, 643 Market St., Pier Ko. 7. Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And CIA SUD AMERICA* A DE VAPORES
To /Valparaiso/ stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard-street wharf No. 3 12 m. ¦ • ¦ \
TUCAPEL ......July 61 ACONCAGUA ..July 21
AREQUIPA ,... July — IPERU ........August —
These steamers are built . expressly for- Cen-
tral ¦ and • South - American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California 'street.-- ;
BALFOUR, QUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. AgenU.
-, ¦> ; THE EMPOBIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOBIXTM. ¦' ~*t>i
I - 9c ¦' 8P?rVii " iS 11 *? «* Thursday, $
5 Reguar 1 5 c Glass Stopper Bolts; ™ W»jkdlera TECBBMe BaZaaft -,, .„ , *
Jf../ special to-day ouly. ". CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. J U V *» "- Ui /» $,
S'- ' ¦¦ ¦ • - •¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ • i^i- %
| H* SummerfSeleB & Gq.'s Giotfoing §
i on &®Bg s&t 3T® on ifa® 0$m,&Q %
J Thousands of dollars* worth of reliable, seasonable clothing for men and bovs, at a fraction %
*£ more than half regular prices. A sale of genuine merit — the best clo.hing bargains thai g
g i he bg store has ever been able to offer. \ $
«• A - «
H Men's $10.00 Sack SuftS — All-the-year-rounI Boys* Three- Pise: Suits — S z s 'or io to 15 yean of a;e, ma 3«
8? weights, in Chevicts and C-ssimeres, ;n nobby nvxtu ci, a'so p'a'n fftf^± ter"a!s Al -Woo*. Cheviot anJ* Cissimcres, in b^ae and fancy mix- 5
*' b u: and black; we 1 made, eveiy detail carcfury ia-rled out; K^ijfl ttr:s, double and single brcutei v: ts, man-'ahioreJ s'ylcs; *^
j» eith r round or fquare cut sack coa s, with deep Ficnch facing, K JW regularly worth $7.50; Summ rfi;li's sa'e &jfB *& *7 3*
it su, erior trmming ; in fact, a goo i al-rau:;d rfjffc g» £5 K*T\ -F r^ ;e . %P^rB 4&m m %
2£ bmincs suit, ucr:h Jio.or, fcr. .... ... . . *&S3b 0 <O> ' /JJ. V Me n's Pants— M^Voi "a-jiwool matcria>, in dark J
tf Men's Stylish &15* GO Suits— * a- Wor- /f ((KkS ha!r-:in: 8T"p. 3> neat, f're:sy tffes, exira strong nd re- Jf
* steds, Bu: and Black Serje-, Twe:dj and C-evot Suit- / Yjl \ Hab'e ' pin's, regu arly £** H bb^
K . ings, p'ain effects and pretty m'xtjr:s; sack coats, roun 1 / ', VV 4/f \ /^S» $3.00; sale price Kh^HiJ M B \.
«f or (qu?re cut, many of them with th= popular mill ary / 1 if \ ff: -I M**w**t <Hvtf-r-fi> HnAsc Tfnum JC
1 ,h ? ud r the best of^ngj and nn'shin,,; perfe^y / > U'I A fyl "^££^£$1 «SJS, h |
g. taiuied Jl 5 .oo uj»; at ch » UIts h ™J~\/ i A TV^L ing and fcm effect,, pcrict h cJ, de- J
2 e v r r. been ofcred in &<& fag- iSV\ ,, V^iyT\ t«», fu'Iy wor.h Js-oo; &*£ CZ £S *
ic * h . eit> • • • • • && /?^m \ -, FA xfer%S u Fi« only ;.. . . : $^ido 3
tf Wtobeso.datfao.Coeach.Wcnt.-ds ,^^7/ \N- * 7 ,ome patt.™ of , Ilk. and v Jour., worth g
|f P;q Ue: Serges and Oxford Surtingsm all WyZ&PxT I i \A -A easily f+oo and $5.00 &*2 *****
W of the latest colcnags, also blue and blacky W^TWl // VT 1 « ci > ** »' c P^« • • 9^a 2S g
K itylishly destine', bes: make, could not be i\r*>f 1 I / / I L_ ___* — . .. ' 1 « , . , 9.
Jf. wholesale! at the big (&<&« JB E» ijT U // I T^Tif B ° yS 5flifo-Six8 from fr
Z ftore's special price.. *PiBMa*§'& J/U Al / ' ' // 3 *<> 8 J ears only, made^of handscms All- X
*K __ _ __. _ __ , -, . -jry^Jtri la 4 J I I 11 Wool Cassimerss and Cheviot;, also B.u; »5
«f M9W& H:gTa-Gn*dB Oven-^H^ I hjl Strgw, vestsof same material cr fancy silk 5
g COaiS- Jwg:5, Whprori, Coverts JT ' TV / "11 «*Sj as pr^rred, well made, perfect %
f and Oxfords, an exceptional section or nn= Ml 1 fitting? gsod iearingjs **^ 'J*O *
X oVerccitings, la'es: iasbion, collars of .>m 3 ¥#¥^f . ! VJ. A suit,; during this 8 afc_ &<& m*frjg *
*f mitiraa or of nk velvet; llasd with 1 -\ v \> If " ¥^ ' X ¦ «-. •» n -«>t-a»«
g the- best of ItaUan Coth or Serge, ' V \\ V> I I 'ft BOVS* LOffg PantS SuJtS-Al- *
Jf made to s :11 at j 20.00; we're go'ng to <£$ T^ [\ (I .J^*^ Wco1 ChevI0tJ and Cas=imrre-, either round jj
g s 11 them for &•$ fl JS SS \ \ \\ W^-S^f or square cut coats, in dark brown an! .J
X flyfgjayff L/ if VIJ *?>-tt#*^* fency mixtures, nzes icr boys n to 19 JS
» , , . ¦ . .T" nT kS\ years of age, nicely trimmed, wc'.l-maie ru:t, wcrth $ 6.oo ; tha; 2
X Boys' 'Long Pant, ,s«t*- Mad, of standard J{ IA \Q^> Summerfie d purchase enables us to tell at ... j£*)) AO «
* mills' choice fabric, m piety patterns, al.o **^ && B +$& «
in pla'n b'ue and black s:rges, and dark jj
a? ii!k mixtures, with either round cr tquare cut coat; sails for boys is Bovs' 7WO"PJCCO Suits — Siz;s for 9 to. 15 yea-*, j»
*? to 19 years, that are woith regularly $10.00; (^Jfl? €&£& E 13 -*' 8 an<1 r -°~^>/ ra. : xture8, well made and «O €t SP **
markeJ for ths sale xJPwB%eF%& well worth J 3.00; our sale price yf IvO j|
% Boys' Russian Blouse Suits at 57c oa the Dollar — In ssrgrs and cheviots, all the new shades of blue, red, tan, gray and j|
k brown ... ' $6.00 Suits, $3.42; $6. 50 Suits, $3.98; $7- 5° Suits, $4, 68 £
I f\ Special Sale jriMfflufflipfrfi Special Sale of 1
I fm of outing rBr&wrwri$s> men , s FurnisMn g S \
iliiiiSii^pS ABB KindS. *~ •<** Fourth. J
* i LJ/ or cray, new modern toe: ., . , . ' ,. ., Men $ Bathing Suits— In Ihck rad whte, J*
S k \^fe rL?»$..75 pair, al sizes! V V° U ™ sh US i0 dehveT them to wh^ ™<* orange stripe, blue white
«T I \^?V\ 'speciil to-day a 4»O yOUT IlOUSe, buy \'OUT fireWOrki 'tripe and maroon with
{$¦• I A 1\\ onl y- ••••••• $"'3 & from samples in the main store. white sri F e, our regular r*& >f
JC (^¦Ladies' Tan Vici Kid Lace , If yoU wish to take vour fi. eworks *%*££&££% fef $
I VJ- ifhrou.buv mentintL Jessie- "/^^ %
* V I rep!ar $3.00 pair.aii sizes and street annex, rear ot the store. only &B.&& yaifj |Y|*
* VJ !^£ f^S" r— — _ Assortments for Home Disphy-Contain- Men - $ Un(Jcrwear at ont ./ A \\ x
K. $2.15 XT^r! i.ngfr^"V? lS^P ieC f 3 - eVery . thlng . ne<:d / d thi doff regular prices: our Lj; | _J 5
&" Lafies' Tan Willow Calf Lace Wp%? *?* d 7 and "^ crlcbratlon ' nT1^e f" pnce cnt!re 8ock rf fine Jm . >]'t , *
K Shoes — Hand S=wcd. KMr I ftom $1.00 to « 10.00. poited L : jle andBal fegm, Jbiji "' -»
i extern f o«;new mJ d-- _£ Colcred Roman Candles^Per dozen: in strifes and fancy figured {{
%> ern toes; Cuban heels; /W£\?S\ \ * Star 8C 6 Star, large...^7o effects— Wednesday only— •»
tf regular J3 50, all sizes Ufr" \ VL<^/ 3 Stir f'tc 8 Star, large .. 33O " / .%
JS and widths to- j§! JV>/ 1 4 Star 12G io Star, Iarge...37O **-oo Suits $j .33 \ , { S
ft day • /^^JKP °Star 2OC 12 Star, large... 57C l3-°° Su'tJ $2.O*9 \f- <> I |_j.^&i
* _""^_'' s\ /\ 8Star 28C 13-5° Suits $2-33 __ f\ L_^ %
jg $2m27 r Extra Loud Torpedoes— Per box.^ C to /SO {4-°° Suits ....... $2 67 ~' /=) F^ X
jf Fire Crackers-At a'J prices, from Goli Chop *4-5^ Suits $3.'"* ) (LX^ 5
tf ; .. ~ 1 Cracken, 2 picks for 5O, to the extra IS-™ SaU $3.33 O^^? *
$ ' Safe Of Ladies' lar * C Red ?«* ' f » ?« hundr Cd : 75 ° ten's Fancy Hosiery-Fancy figured effects 5
f Wash Neckwear. ; ' " and ?«*• t''/" 1^' black * T - ed it* %
h' *s dozen four-in-hand. Wash Scarfs, made of £J«--- a --.««r£. 7£ln u " 7Z%^1 i* 7 ' ?"**?"^' ° $
* dimities, pque and per:a'e. S in fancy color- 7&C. Men s Golf Shirts-G*>d qua'ity of Madras, in
•» ing-, stripes and plain white, regu'arly 25c Iwv Stiong gauze weave Ham- tte:Bt , K S ahrl J $ 1 -5^ q y ' 5
tl and 35c etchi special Wednesday ,-_ r.VOvSov mock, with pillow and Wednesday only C7 M %S ~
*» only 8 SG lM\^tVS s ? le *& n > the bed * ' %
35 dozen Revenibe Pique Rivires, to be wcrn rvf^J^V stif Q«af^» #»#*• X
Jf with Eton jackets or dress waists, white or <^/ 'OffsGCiai w3. © OF jf
I X Light Reading ||
I Ladies' Hose 11c, . 2g!|s|£ . $B 78c . weJ^U, ff^i^ on
If Fire gauge Cotton Ho:e, guaranieei fcst black, Camp Stool — With s'rong canvai seit, rsgu- '^^ at 8c an<1 9 C «ch : 35
If fancy Richeleu rbbsd, douak heels and hrly 20c— as a Fourth ot July spe- .__ 7ft© Modern Authors' U» X
If soles, rfgularly 3 pairs for 50:, spe- -- • cial, to-day only, each MOC bnary of paper-covered books, conuin- X
» . cial. Wednesday only, pa"r. M IC — ing over 250 t'.t'es b/ the world's best writ- 5
jf _, _ — — __ Wednesday ers-StanV J. Weyman. Mary J. Holmes, J
k Telescope GaseZfG Snt*GiaB* • T " oms K - J eiom =» Edna L ? aU » Augmu*
ft These are ice fiber .j- "****?*»***IS» Evans, Mare Corel i, Alexandra Duma», }*
K RSZS^^g^ telescope c»»^wlth I for FlShCrMCn. Ou^da, The Duchess, Ro« M. Carey. Rud- *
X IPl I I I* 8trap9 and handle i Ifvott onI y havc a chance t0 E° fishin S now I" 6 I "P Bn «». Hl11 Cainc/etc etc Wednes- T,
9 I S 9 Iszc 10x17 inches; and then, why buy an expensive rod ? To-day tt Ya °!j Jt r ' " ' IrV ' ' " . . xt \ • "2
*tf - fi k /on special sale Wed- we offer a good one at a bargain price. • "Under TwoFBag^''-^ hozg »
Jf II I? P / nesday only; each- 10-Foot Split Bamboo Rod- Three piece,, fly played by Blanche Bates ; Wtdnetdiy _^ j»
6 *Qn ¦ fl I O^*» or bait, extra tip, nickel, mounted, tie guarJs »J > Jt'^"i' ' '.'.' "ir ••••;•••;•••••- •"* S
$ ' Z * G ' andsUk wrappnfg, ccrk. grasp, reel teW the S^^I'VT'a^ * «« S
If - ST - , land, » nice rod, put u ? in a wood form, Robcr L S ' %,*?**? *Jf S
jf Grocery Specials, with doth b.g -^ . *« __ ' £*'**, of f , £/ ' n * 0 /* -^ S
If Lucca OiI-Cro !S e & B:ackweU's, quirt bot- Wednesday only 66 G b °° k J ensaton of the year ; edntrday only—. 3«
X tie; regularly 70c; to-day only. . . . . 64-G Ioc Bra:8 Cick Ree', 25 yards Qq l n p . 3p " C0Ten _"° •
Jf Eagle Milk-Gail Borden's, to-day......... 15c Brass Click Reel, 40 yards /Oo ,. PI . fc ...j ?*? 'ca» » ~*
JC 5 2 tins, 27 O *>c Brass C ick Reel, 60 y ar Ja tSO E Ji Zabe^ ft""" Oerman Garden ~ P»P« S
I GhTardelli's Cocoa-asc lir.s, to- i 5 c Nickel Click Reel, * s y«ds tOc «ruS'm" p£r i»« t Wh M« 3
X day : 20 G 5°c Nickel Adjustable C ick Red 32o « ? c v k i7 ? " 8 °' t « 3 9,°\ v \
Jf Whole Wheat or Graham Flou:-2 5 c io-lb 50c. -Nickel Multiply Adjustable Cick and ' An English Woman s Love Letters -clcth £
j; sacks, to-day only.. 2Oc Drag Rc=l, 40 yarJs ...38c * 3UO*
Jf Uncolored Japan Tea — 50c quality, to-day mmmm~gl mm Z, "« ¦ - 9
I . .406 White Mountain _ . __ _ . _ {
Tomatoes— Standard qua!ity^to-day ........ FrGBZ6S*S §1.3 &. SpCCial SalC Of J
*f *** * } _V g -^, On special sa'e to-day LSiiiGS" tOdtSm S
* ¦ Liquor Specials. f^pf "J^TSEISZSttS: I
CUr ro toTv'onr 1DC ' rCiU y 4°4* \VlXA Mounts Trip'e Motion Tot a poor style m the lot "are mT^i down |
i wih iSS^ ° Wm "wYv^rV 33 ? _\felMlWnfej*^ I«Cr=am Freezers, th= to-iay without rejard to former prices to J
~ Scotch WnisKey — Wm. Wi.liam«, regu arly *«t te t on the market • 1 • 1 1 tl t» » «•
g . • $1. a 5 per bottle; special to-day only.. gg£ $zJ ?«TS5urt^ m ," 1 tkm 5 ee '- Th T *** "& *
$ Vhite Label Stout-McMullen & Co.7be« W^ To-day S*%8 W^ V-!? tO $Z '°° "**-*** prees $
Jf quaUty, regularly |2. 10 per dozen; special . }^ Ss= i^ $ 2 . 75 8 - ze ( 4 -<,uart), "^'L 7 *+— - ~- }#
$ to-day............. ....$1.99 To-iiy. J$2.27 19C,33C, 49Cm *
********** *W**'**'*'*W*W4W*W*^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wholesome Advice
For People Whose Stomachs Are
Weak and Digestion Poop.
Dr. Hsrlandson, whose opinion in dis-
eases is worthy of attention, says when a
nan or woman comes to me complaining
cf indigestion, loss of appetite, sour stom-
ach, belching, sour watery rising, head-
aches, sleeplessness, lack of ambition and
a general run down nervous condition I
H-3vi£e them to take after each meal one
or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, al-
lowing the tablet to dissolve in the mouth,
and thus mingle with the food eaten. The
result is that the food is speedily digested
before it has time to sour and ferment.
These tablets will digest the food any-
way, whether the stomach wants to or
not. because they contain harmless di-
gestive principles, vegetable essences,
pepsin and Golden Seal, which supply
just what the weak stomach lacks.
I have advised the tablets with great
success, both in curing indigestion and to,
build up the tissues, increasing flesh in
thin, nervous patients, whose real trouble
was dyspepsia, and as soon as the stom-
ach was put to rights they did not know
what sickness was.
A fifty cent package of Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets can be bought at any drug
store, and as they are not a secret patent
medicine, they can be used as often as
desired, with full assurance that they
contain nothing harmful in the slightest
degree; on the contrary, any one whose
stomach is at all deranpred will find great
benefit from the use of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets. They will cure any form of
stomach weakness or disease except can-
cer of the stomach.
DR. NG TOY KEE.
— x^ SAX FRAXCISCO, Cal..
f. \ Oct - WOO.— DR. N(3 TOY
g; 1 KEE, 210 Stockton st-—
{fa »s a I^ ar Sir: I have been
r* *& 51 treated by other doctors for
Ti^r J/ my stomach troubles, and
cir*» ,f all ha\-e failed, but I fln-
giL i " ally called on you, and you.
tr-^^'BYhm w * th your eklllful treat-
jf@f-* A&^Sl mcnt; ' have curei me. I
K&SL # vff#S3>#2r f eel better now than I have
tft U>Zt<[2*iW u ' r J' p ars. and I will gladly
recommend you to any one.
Tours truly.
C. H. COWCAT,
Brooklyn Hotel, San Francisco, CaLWEDNESDAY .1..JULY 3. i°oi
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
lidrew All CooaKlcxtioni to W. 8: LEAKE, Hunger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Premu Z04
PUBLICATION OFFICB...Market and. Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Sterenson St.
Telephone Prens 2O2.
• v
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cents Per Weelc
Single Copies. S Cents.
Terms by Mnll. Including: Postage! :,,-•
DATL.T CALL <Indudlng Sunday), one year W-00
DATX-T CALL, (including Sunday), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALl. (Including Sunday), 3 month 1-60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 650
J5CXDAY CALL. One Year , 1-50
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear •••- l-°°
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail «Txbscrlbers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AXD OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request-
OAKLAVD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORfiB KROGXESS. I
Kuufn rtrelgn Advertising, K&r^uette Building. Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 261>.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT: ',*¦
C C. CARI/TOX Herald Square
ITCW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEPHEJT B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bull dine
HEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A, Brentano, 81 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehennan Bouse; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
.WASHnrGTox o>. c.) office... i40« g au w. w.
. " MORTO3T E. CB.A3TE, Correspondent. f
BRAJfCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:30 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 63S
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 616 Larkln. open until
• :39 o'clock. 19<1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. £261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
nntll 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 TOlmore. open untU S p. m.
It is conceded that the British are doing in South
Africa just about what Weyler did in Cuba, but as the
affair is not within our sphere of influence we have no
kick to make-
An English editor says that the British merchant
is the easiest man on earth to swindle. This gives
us no particular reason, however, to cease watching
our innocent British competitors.
Such climatic conditions are bound to handicap the
East in competition with California should this State
ever have sufficient fuel and manufacturing equip-
Among the industrial effects of the heat have been
the closing of most of the big mills in Pittsburg and
elsewhere. It is reported from Philadelphia that in
Monday, forenoon . the number of prostrations at
Cramp's shipyard was so large that at noon work was
stopped and all the men employed were relieved trom
"duty.
Of course weather, of that kind is of exceptional
severity, but every summer finds the Eastern people
sweltering with heat and well nigh incapacitated for
hard work. While the Californian can work with
vigor at all seasons of the year the Easterner is com
pelled both in midsummer and in midwinter to relax
his efforts. It is possible that from^that enforced rest
he derives something of benefit, but subjection to
such humid heat as that which for several days has
been inflicted upon the East can hardly be perma
nently beneficial even in an indirect way. The Cali
fornian going about his work or his summer pleasures
with full vigor of body and mind is sure to be much
better off in every respect than the panting dweller in
the fields or in the cities where men fall prostrate and
horses drop dead from the slightest exertion.
It appears that in the crowded districts of the large
cities on the Atlantic seaboard and in the Mississippi
Valley the unfortunate people are'sweltering in some
thing like a furnace that does not cool off even at
night. From their crowded tenements they pour
forth to the parks, but find little relief even there.
Thus the New York dispatches announce that all the
grass plats in Bryant Park and Battery Park are used
as beds, that an army of men have been sleeping on
the sands at Coney Island, and on Monday the re
port says: "More than 100 men appeared at the
Manhattan end of the bridge carrying blankets and
pillows, and by midnight at least 15,000 persons were
asleep on the beach and hundreds more were coming."
SJJMMER in the Eastern States this year has be
come altogether too severe to be treated as a
jest by even the most incorrigible jokers. It
has gone beyond the point where it could be met by
sighing for a lodge in a garden of icebergs. • Day
after /day the reports bring stories of men, women
and children killed or prostrated in such numbers as
to prove that the heated spell has attained the evil
rank of an actual calamity. When on a single day
and in a single city there occur fifty-eight fatal sun
strokes and, eighty-seven cases of prostration on the
streets, it is evident that a condition prevails which is
almost as destructive as plague or war.
THE EASTERN SUMMER.
Herbert Spencer has shaken off the feebleness of
old age long enough to write a letter protesting
against the war in South Africa and saying: "What
ever fosters militarism makes for barbarism; what
ever fosters peace makes for civilization." The truth
of his words is demonstrated by what is going on in
the Transvaal, but they are little likely to be heeded.
A great deal of this well ordered conduct on the
part of white and black alike is doubtless due to the
thoroughness of the military training they have re
ceived in the army. They went away from their
homes as young recruits, but they return seasoned
and disciplined soldiers. - They carry with them back
to civil life a sense of the responsibilities they ac
quired in the army. They have learned to withstand
temptation, to believe that order is better than dis
order, and to take pride in conducting themselves
in such a w2y as to command respect When, how
ever, all that has been done by discipline is conceded,
there remains much in the . conduct of these thou
«ands of young men that must be due to the posses
sion of a native good sense and an inherent self
respect They do not intend to discredit an honor
able career in the ranks by a -week or more of dissi
pation. They intend to, save their money .and their
honors and to carry them undiminished to their
homes, where they will be received as men of whom
the whole community is proud.
Their conduct has not been that of a mere ordinary
absence of turbulence or lawlessness. It has been so
exemplary as to have attracted attention and won gen
eral commendation. When it was known that thou
sands of soldiers were to be paid off it was expected
that the streets in the neighborhood of the tenderloin
would be crowded at night by soldiers in various
stages of intoxication, that the late street cars would
be thronged with them, and that their disorderly con
duct would be a nuisance and annoyance. Had such
things occurred they would have been forgiven on the
old pleas of youth, of liberty and of the natural ex
uberance of men just returned to their native land
after years of absence. However, nothing of the kind
has taken place. The men in uniform have been
everywhere visible upon the streets, but they have
shown themselves as quiet, as courteous and as or
derly as h the restraints of military discipline were
still upon them.
" In a particular measure the colored volunteers have
commanded respect and admiration. That may have
been due to the fact that the public did not expect so
much from them as from the white troops; but, what
ever may have been the cause, the men of the colored
regiments have been especially noted for meritorious
behavior. Their politeness and courtesy shown to
ladies in the cars and elsewhere and their general
good conduct have attested not only their respect for
the rights of others, but the high standards of con
duct they have adopted for themselves.
OUR returning volunteers who after long ser
vice in the Philippines have been paid off at the
Presidio and are now making their way back
to their homes and to civil life have shown in this city
soldierly qualities and a self-respecting manhood not
less honorable than any called for while with the flag
at the front These thousands of young men, freed
from the discipline of the army, turned loose in a
large city far from the homes of many of them, and
with their pockets full of money, have conducted
themselves with a degree of decorum that has won for
them the praise of every one whose praise is worth
having.
MEN WE ARE PROUD OF.
Of course it is said that, as personal must always
pay tribute to real property, the latter will get its
return in the increase of such tribute with the in
crease of untaxed personalty. But, as personalty is
not likely to increase beyond the use that it has, and
as under the present system there appears to be per
sonalty enough to go round and serve the purposes
of society, we are inclined to doubt that any increase
will recoup the realty owner.
Now while an argument may be made for exemp
tion of the personalty of a manufacturing establish
ment as a bounty to secure its location, it will be
somewhat difficult to convince realty owners that they
must pay all the taxes, and that Mr. Carnegie should
pay none. He, no doubt, like his brother millionaire,
Mayor Johnson of Cleveland, would see much merit
in such exemption, but the costliest functions of gov
ernment are those that protect personal property. A
large percentage of all city taxation is to maintain
Police and Fire departments to protect personal prop
erty against thieves and fire. But realty can be
neither burned nor stolen.
Mr. Purdy is evidently a single taxer, for in advo
cating local option he advises the total exemption of
moneys, credits and personalty. He uses Carnegie's
case as an illustration. He says: "Mr. Carnegie holds
three hundred millions in bonds. In the present state
of our New York law, if he retain his residence in
the city of New York, he will be liable to pay a tax
of seven and a half million dollars a year. • In Pitts
burg he would pay one million two hundred thousand.
In Connecticut it would cost him the same. In De
troit it would cost him two millions. But he can have
his legal residence in Idaho, the only State in the
Union that has the sense not to tax credits at all,
and pay not one dollar of tax on his evidences of
debt."
The New York Chamber of Commerce has rec
ommended a plan that has the merit of simplicity for
raisins State taxes. The amount to be' raised for State
purposes is levied on the counties in proportion to the
amount they raise for local purposes. This does
away with State equalization entirely and tends to
economy in local taxation. If a county be 'extrava
gant and raise a large revenue for lavish expenditure,
it must pay State taxes in proportion to its own
income. In fact, it is- a sort of income tax.
Local option in taxation will finally disappear in
practice. That is to say, the fact of county and State
tax being paid on the local assessment will finally
compel the same system throughout the whole State.
Mr. Purdy, secretary of the Tax Reform Associa
tion, tells of an instance in New York in which the
Assessors used some local option. The town of Vol
ney had three Assessors, and they divided the work
so that one assessed the property in the large village
of Fulton, and the others took the town outside.
These increased the assessment outside from its for
mer figure of $25,000 to over $400,000, most of the in
crease being on the cattle, horses, hogs, sheep and
implements of the farmers. The Assessor of the vil
lage made no raise on personal property. When the
Board of Supervisors of the county met as a Board
of Equalization it -found that no other town had fol
lowed the example of this one, and that it had no
authority to equalize personal assessments, so that
town had to bear its burden of increase in county and
State tax; but the Assessors learned something, for
the next year the assessment fell back to $25,000.
In its practical operation local option taxation will
develop difficulties that must be, as far as possible,
foreseen and provided for. Every State has a system
of equalization of assessments. The local Assessor
makes the assessment, but the valuation fixed by him
must pay the State tax, as well as the local tax, and so
there is an effort made to equalize the assessment that
one county may not pay an undue share of the State
tax. ; v ; ,-* _
COLORADO has before it a constitutional
• amendment providing for local option taxa
tion. This amendment was urged especially
by the single taxers, but was backed by ihe large cap
italized interests of the State.'
LOCAL OPTION TAXATION.
Loss of hair, which often mars the prettiest
face,' prevented by Parker's Hair Balsam.
i - Hlndercorns. the best cure for corns. U eta.
11 SUMMER : RATES :at i Hotel"' del ; Coronado,
Coronado Beach,\Cal.. effective after April 15,
$60 for' round trip, > including . 15 : days \ at . hotel
Pacific Coast S.~ S.Co..\4 New Montgomery st
Fourth of • July rates to Stockton, Fresno,
Vlsalla, Hanf ord. 7 Bakersfleld and all points on
the Santa Fe Valley line. Tickets on sale July
3 and 4 at 641 Market st. and Ferry Ticket
Office.'
"The Santa Fe to Merced and stage thenc»
•via Merced Falls. Coultervllle. Hazel Green.
Merced. Big Trees, Cascade Kails and Bridal
Veil Falls to Sentinel Hotel. This gets you la
at 5 In the afternoon, which is ahead of any
other line and costs you less. Ask at Ml Mar
ket street for particulars."- . • •
Quickest Way, to Yosemite.
Shamrock II since her accident has been reformed
and converted,, and now, the question j is whether she
has not become too proper to take part in a race. ;
Everything pertaining to the New World
may be easily and cheaply seen at the Pan-
American Exposition, and the best way to
get to Buffalo is by the comfortable trains
of the Nickel Plate Road, carrying Nickel
Plate Dining Cars. In which are served Amer
ican Club meals from 35c to $1. each. Book
free, showing pictures of exposition buildings.
Hotel accommodations reserved. JAY W.
ADAMS. P. C. P. A.. 37 Crocker building.
San Francisco. Cal. " '.-.'.
Are You "Of the Old World"?
The young 'woman pulled the :l bit '; of
work she was -at out of the machine and
rose from her, seat. The nervous-looking
man' took v her seat in front of the ma
chine, grabbed": a couple of sheets of. pa
per "¦> stuck them Into ,the machine and
began to hammer the keys rapidly and
expertly. rHe ; wrote a. couple of ¦¦¦ letters,
tuEEing : at his ; bristly mustache between
sentences. -Then he jumped up, handed
the young woman a ?5 bill and hurried
The nervous-looking man was John D.
Rockefeller, the richest man in the world.
"Miss," said; the nervous-looking man,
"if you're not too busy, will you let me
use that machine for about ten minutes?"
A' few afternoons ago a nervous-looking
man with a'chopped-off grayish mustache,
and dressed In a baggy-looking brown
suit, with a. sack coat, walked through
tho rotund a, of one of the Fifth -avenue
hotels, New York, and . approached a
young woman who was seated at a'type
writer behind a. railing in a corner.
Hotel Typewriter.
WASHINGTON, July 2.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
St. James— J.'. Irwln "and wife, Santa
Paula; National— T. Dlckson, Mrs. 8. J.
Jones, Mrs. R. Fredericks, San Francisco;
Metropolitan— O. R. Morgan,* San Fran
cisco; Raleigh— H. Mackeman, Miss. O.
Mackernan, Los Angeles. v
Californians in "Washington.
Official Route Christian Endeavorers
to Cincinnati. Ohio.
The Burlington Route via Denver has been
•elected as the official route.. Through Pullman
Tourist Sleeping Cars to Cincinnati will leave
San Francisco . July 1 at 6 . p. m. Tickets on
Bale June 30 to July 1; rate. $76 50 for round
'trip. July 1-2 we wUl sell round-trip tickets
to Detroit at $S2 !3; July 3-4 to Buffalo JS7;
July 20-21 to Chicago 172 50. For sleeping car
berths call on or address Vf. D. Sanbora, Gen
eral Agent. 631 Market street. • .
The new moon is like a giddy young girl
—not old enough to show much reflection.'
The fewer steps a man takes the longer
his shoes last. .
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
NEW YORK, July 2.— The following
Calif orniang have arrived at the hotels:
San Francisco— D. Newell is at the Al
bert: L. D. Owens Is at the Hoffman; C.
H Pearce Is at the Bartholdi; E. S.
Reed is at the Albert; S. Eckstein is at
the Astor; Miss R. A. Levy Is at the
Marlborough; F. H. Robbins is at the Im
perial; A. H. Ten Braeck Is at the Sin
clair.
Californians in New York.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
It is certain: the bosses of each party will: have their
gangs registered and that they will make a fight to
carry the primaries under the new law. Good citizens
must -be .vigilant and resolute in, opposing . them.
Those, therefore, who- propose to leave town should
register" before they go, in order to make sure of
their right to vote when the election takes place.'
At the present time business is dull and there is no
rush at the registration office. It can hardly be a mat
ter of difficulty for any citizen to find time to have his
name registered so as to make sure of his right to
vote at the approaching primaries, but what can be
done so easily now may be troublesome, later on.
When the citizen returns from his holiday he will find
a good deal of back work claiming his attention, and
when "once absorbed in it he may forget all about his
political duties until too late. The safe way, then, is
for every citizen to register at once. ;';"
The issue is one bi great importance to every citi
zen, no matter to what political party he belongs. ' It
has been pointed out again and again by the ablest
students. of our political system that the defectiveness
and frequent corruption in .American municipalities
have been due mainly to the fact that so large a pro
portion of thebusiness men of the community neg
lect their political duties. In times past that neglect
in San Francisco has been because of the boss domi
nation of the primaries, 'but now we, have a primary
election law which gives every citizen an opportunity
to have a voice in the control of his party. No ex
cuse remains, therefore, for any neglect of political
duty. There should be a full vote of the strength of
each of the two great parties at the primaries,
and in order that such vote -may be given there must
be a. careful attention to registration.
A MONG the people who will leave the city about
j\ this time for their summer holidays there are
¦*¦ *¦ doubtless a good many who have not regis
tered, but who intend to register when they return.
It would be well for all such citizens to change their
plans a little and register before they go.
BEFORE LEAVING* TOWN.
About the time the hot spell passes in the East we
may expect to have reports from that section of thun
der, lightning and tornadoes. They are never quite
safe over there.
. A POEM 'WANTED— Reader. City. This
correspondent writes to ask for the name
of a poem, but the handwriting Is such
that not one out: of twenty to whom the
communication was shown could make out
half .the. essential • part -thereof. Cor
respondents are respectfully informed that
thisiSsnot a guessing department and that
all questions asked should be in a legible
hand.' \ **"- '¦¦"¦.•-:
DOUBLE PEDRO— S., Oakland. Cal.
The question asked Is somewhat hazy,
but it seems that the writer of the letter
of Inquiry wants to know how the count
is in double pedro on the last play. If so
the count is in the following order: High,
low, Jack, game, pedro of the. trump and
the ordinary pedro.
LUXEMBURG— S., City. Luxemburg is
a grand duchy of Europe, governed under
a special constitution by the King of the
Netherlands. From 1815 to 1866 It was in
cluded \ in; the Germanic Confederation.
By the treaty of 1867 It was declared neu
tral territory. There is also the province
of Luxemburg, In the Kingdom of ¦ Bel
gium. It was separated from ' the grand
duchy in 1839. ¦
CARNEGIE— R. G. B., Sampson, Or. No
one can tell what the exact wealth of
Andrew Carnegie is, and it Is doubtful if
he himself knows. It la stated that his
income from this time on will be about
$15 ,000,000 a year. He is probably the rich
est man in the United States at this time.
ARRIVAL OF STEAMER— A. O. S.,
City. The Call # publishes in Its shipping
news the arrival at New York of all trans-
Atlantic steamers the day following the
receipt of the news of arrival.
RESTAURANT-J. R. C, Haywards,
Cal. In running a restaurant meat, but
ter, eggs, sugar, fruit, etc., are charged
to expenses, as well as rent, light, coal
and water. . -
A DATE IN 187&— B. C, Somersville, Cal.
The 9th of November, 1878. fell on a Sat
urday.
TRAIN OIL— "W. S. D.. Berkeley, Call
Train oil la the name given to an oil ob
tained from the fat or blubber of the
whale.
MUTILATING COIN— D. J. H.. Oak
land, Cal. There is a United States law
against mutilating and defacing United
States coin.
HOLIDAY— Inquirer, City. The 1st of
January is a. holiday on the Stock Ex
change in .London. England, and a bank
holiday in Scotland.
HALF CENT-F. W. L%, Berkeley. Cal.
A half cent of 1S25 is not classed as a pre
mium coin. The dealers' price for such
is from 13 cents to $1.
. VALLEJO'S POPULATION — Constant
Reader, Fairfleld, Cal. The population of
the city o'f .Vallejo, according to the
census of 1900 is 7965. In 1890 it was 6343.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
"Gracious, sir, that's what- attracted
me! It appeals to all my old military In
stincts."—Chicago Tribune.
"But. Colonel, are you not afraid to
marry her? Remember, she has had three
husbands, and they all committed
suicide."
Mr. Crimsonbeak — Yes; if I had known
as much twenty years ago as I do now I
never would have married.— Yonkers
Statesman.
Mrs. Crlmsonbeak— Do you think, John,
a person gets wisdom with years?
"Arthur, I don't try to buy you the kind
you want; I buy you the kind you ought
to want."— Daily States.
"Marie, It Is queer that you never can
buy me the kind of necktie I want."
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
history In printing. the great number required for The Call's
subscribers.
The shipment, as indicated in the dispatch from G. IT.
Cram, was made from tho "Windy City last night. It la draw-
Ing nearer to the point of destination every minuto and should
arrive early next week. As soon as the atlases are In town
The Call will announce when they will be ready for delivery.
The atlas is the finest that has ever been printed, and the
subscribers who have been so patiently waiting for It will b»
more than compensated for their patience when they receive
this attractive up-to-date work.
F. Beudy, a Denver mining man, la a
guest at the Palace,
F. P. Miles, a mining man of Coulter
ville, Is at the Palace.
¦W. H. Cllntock, a mining man of Sonora,
is a guest at the Lick.
Miss Mary. Van Buren of the Frawley
Company is at the Palace.
J. M. Engle, a prominent lumber man of
Qulncy. is at the Palace. '
Frank H. Short, a prominent attorney
of Fresno, is at the Palace.
- Charles Kchn, a wholesale liquor dealer
of Portland, Or., is spending a few days
at the Palace.
Allan Pollok, the future manager of tho
San Francisco Hotel Company, leaves to
day for an extended tour of Europe.
" John F. Camplin and Louis S. Noble,
two prominent mining men of Denver, ar
rived yesterday and registered at the
PERSONAL MENTION.
THE CALL'S ATLAS will soon be here.
Thousands of them, compiled and printed expressly
for The Call by George F. Cram's atlaa publishing
house of Chicago, are now speeding across the continent,
and not many days will elapse 'before they have reached
San Francisco and are ready for delivery to the thousands of
readers of The Call who have subscribed for this splendid pub-
UCa The" demand for this atlas has been enormous, and the pub
lishers have been more busily engaged than ever before in their
FAC-SIMILE OF TELEGRAM RECEIVED YESTERDAY FROM GEORGE F. CRAM. THE CELEBRATED ATLAS
MAKER OF CHICAGO. NOTIFYING THE CALL OF THE SHIPMENT OF THE ATLASES FOR WHICH
V THOUSANDS OF THE READERS OF THIS PAPER HAVE SUBSCRIBED.
About Ten Days.
Shipment Left Chicago Last Night and the Books Will Be Delivered in
ON ONE SIDE THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF IS HONORED AND ON
THE OTHER THE SERVICES OF "THE MAN BEHIND THE GUN"
ARE RECOGNIZED. '
There is little or nothing to be gained by raising
another sectional issue. The constitutionality of the
Southern suffrage acts can be safely left to the Su
preme Court. There is no. use reviving old antagon
isms between North and South. The Ohio' Republi
cans should remember Grant's platform, "Let us have
peace."
While this issue has much to commend it we be-,
lieve the sober judgment of the Republican party will
not sustain it. We have had sectional questions in
our politics for years, and out of them have come
strife and wars and still further strife. There must be
an end to that sort of thing at some time, for we
cannot go. on being sectional and divided forever.
This is as good a time to end.it as there will ever
be. The South has felt a new impulse of loyalty re
sulting from the war with Spain, and there is no
longer any suspicion in the North of the existence of
a disunion sentiment among the Southern people.
The negro in the South is fairly prosperous. He has
ample employment, and his children are provided
with schools and colleges. Moreover, there is among
the white people of the South a distinct line of cleav
age which promises to bring about the existence of
two parties there. That will mean the breaking down
of the Bourbon domination and the establishment
in the South of a party that will be as progressive in
politics as in business. .
Following the lead thus given the convention
adopted in its platform a plank which after reciting
the disfranchisement of the negroes in several States
says: "We therefore call upon our Senators and Rep
resentatives in Congress for such legislation asshall
secure the strict enforcement of constitutional meas
ures guaranteeing to every citizen the right of fran
chise, without distinction as to race, color, or previous
condition of servitude. And we demand that repre
sentation in Congress and in the Electoral College
shall be based on the actual voting population's pro
vided in the constitution, proportionate reduction
being made for any State in which the right of suf
frage is denied except for crime."
Senator Foraker in his addressat the opening of
the convention declared: "This is no time to show
indifference to the wrong the Democratic party is
committing to-day in the Southern States against the
black man, whom it is robbing of his suffrage under
the forms of constitutional amendments and legal en
actments that are in violation of the constitution of
the United States. This is worse, if possible, than
the inhuman lynchings of which we read almost daily,
because it is without provocation, and is a blow aimed
both at a class and the government of a nation. Con
stituted authority must find a way to suppress these
wrongs, or the Government will deserve to lose the
support of a race that has shed its blood for' our flag
in every war and upon almost every field where it has
waved."
OHIO Republicans have taken a step toward
making the South once more an issue in na
tional politics, and it is probable that under
the lead of Senator Foraker the State campaign this
fall will be largely directed to that end. .The issuers
that raised by the Southern States in virtually dis
franchising the negro, 1 and the demand of Ohio Re
publicans that the representation of the South in^Con
gress be proportionately diminished. •¦"'¦•¦¦ '
A NEW SECTIONALISM.
Senator, Hoar says it. would be a "most delightful
thing to be a United States Senator if onejwere not
obliged to attend the sessions of the Senate." The
phrase sounds witty, but after all any office would be
nice if one could have the salary and the honor with
out having to spend any time at the office.
The design of the merit medal Is a flve
polnted star in open work, encircled by
a laurel wreath and supported by a bar,
the whole backed by a red, white and blue
ribbon. On the face the five points of the
star bear this inscription: "United States
Navy in the War with Spain, 1898." A
"foul" anchor fills in the* center of the
star. The name of the recipient will bo
engraved on the back.
Every navy man who was In the "West
Indian campaign at all, as either block
ader or fighter, will get a medal of one
kind or the other.
ONLY A FEW DAYS MORE AND THE CALL'S SPLENDID
ATLAS WILL BE READY FOR ITS MANY SUBSCRIBERS
AS was announced in The Call's
"Washington dispatch at the' time.
. Secretary Long on June 24 adopted
designs for the two medals author
-. ized by Congress to commemorate
the achievements of the navy in the Span
ish-American war. One is to be known
as the "battle medal," and is intended for
all the men who participated in the West
Indian campaign. The other is. the merit
medal, intended for such men as Ilobson.
of Merrimac fame; Lieutenant Ward, Svho
went to Spain and obtained valuable in
formation about the enemy's navy; Victor
Blue, Buck and others/
The battle medal bears on the obverse
side the profile likeness of Rear Admiral
Sampson, with the inscription, "United
States Naval Campaign in the -West In
dies, 189&— William Thomas Sampson,
Commander, in Chief." On the reverse
side is a* scene on the deck of a warship
in action, the central figure of which is
"the man behind the gun." This is in
tended: to recognize the services of the
junior commissioned officers and the
jackles. ¦'
It was Secretary Long's Idea to have the
man behind the gun a distinctive feature
of the battle scene. ' This scene shows a
typical American bluejacket stripped to
the waist sighting a rapid-fire gun. Be
hind him is a young officer pointing to the
target to be struck, while behind the offi
cer' is a marine with a belt full of car
tridges about his waist and a gun in his
hand, awaiting his time to go into action.
In the background Is the dim. outline of a
battleship. On the whole a spirited scene
of the gun deck of a warship Is portrayed.
The Naval Board of Awards, which rec
ommended the, designs to : the" Secretary,
sought to. dodge the Sampson-Schley con
troversy ' without . sacrificing glory for
Sampson by stating in its report to the
Secretary that Sampson's likeness was
placed on the medal because he ¦was com
mander in chief of the .West Indian
squadron, just as Dewey's likeness was
placed on the Manila Bay medals, and,
further, that these medals are for all the
men "who , engaged in the West Indian
campaign, whether at Santiago or else
where.
Californians are much given to bragging of their
climate,. but they have never overrated its value. For,
pleasure, . for work, for health or for sanity thj;re is
no climate comparable all the year round to ours, and
we have good reason to be grateful for hV
There is another important factor in the problem.
All students of crime arid insanity have noted that
offenses against person, insanity and suicide increase
in frequency as summer approaches and diminish
toward winter. The severe heat of the Eastern sum
mer affects the nervous organization of men and ren
ders them more liable to all kinds of abnormal out
breaks. ¦'-"' ¦;\,.S : -'-'. ,
merits to make her competition formidable.- -It is cer
tain,that if. pther things were ecjualmen working the
year round in* tliis climate and getting good, healthful
sleep every night could easily! surpass those who. for
two or three months of summer can hardly work by
day or sleep by night on account of the heat.
THE SAN FKANC1SGO >CA1L* WEDNESDAT, JTJLT 3, 1901v
LIKENESS OF REAR ADMIRAL SAMPSON
ON THE SANTIAGO BATTLE MEDAL
6
Columbia— "Under Two Flags."
Alcazar — "Saj>ho.**
Grand Opera-house — "The Only "Way."
Central— "Davy Crockett."
Tlvoll— "Babes in the "Wood."
Orpheum — Vaudevlll e.
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Sixteenth and Folsom streets— Scientific Boxing, Thursday,
July 4.
Sutra Bath* — Swimming.
AMUSEMENTS.
AUCTION SALES.
By J. X Doyle— This day. at 11 o'clock. Horses. Carriages,
etc. at S27 Sixth etreet.
Call smbsertben contemplating m ehang* «f
residence daring- the summer months can bar*
tkrlr paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying- The Call Business Office.
Tk.is paper will alio be on aaJe m.t all mmaer
¦»s«it» aid la represented by a- local ageat lm
•U town mm the coast.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYISG TOWS FOR THE SHIER.OPPOSES APPOINTMENT OP
HOSPITAL SXTPERINTENDENT
Supervisor d'Ancona Says Healta
Board Violates Charter and Ex
ceeds Appropriations.
A. A. d'Ancona, chairman of -the Super
visors' Hospital Committee; sent a com
munication yesterday to the Board of
Health in which he takes exception to the
appointment of a successor to Dr. Suss
dorff as Superintendent of tne City and
County Hospital and calls attention to the
fact that the board has exceeded its ap
propriation for the. payment of certain
employes. D'Ancona says:
The appropriations of 112.480, for student
nurses, orderlies and ward tenders, and ?23 »*o
for other employes, have been - overdrawn by
|46O, and I would ask that the salaries paid to
these employes do not exceed the sums named
The plan whereby your board will give the ex
ecutive control to two officers — one to attend to
the business of the hospital and the other to
professional aiTalrs — Is In violation of the pro
visions of the charter, which say that the resi
dent physician shall give his whole time to the
duties of his office. .. ,
It seems to me that no officer should be ap
pointed to take the place or the Superintendent
who has Just resigned; as none Is needed »The
resident physician should be made the execu
tive of the hospital and should supervise the
business, affairs of the hospital, together with
the professional. ; Furthermore; the duties and
responsibilities of -the internes should ¦ be
greatly "¦ increased. - In this way the - hospital
would be far better; conducted - than under a
¦ystem in which the executive duties are di
vided, and at a saving of $175 to $200 per month
CHINESE SLAVE TO BE DEPORTED.—
Unl^J States District Judge de Haven yester
day on appeal confirmed the report of United
States Commissioner Heacock that Jeung Juen
Ho be deported to China. • • f •: .¦¦
last night. More than 500 members at
tended and a number of invited guests,
including the best, known chefs of the
city, were present.
H. J. Kleser, the retiring president, was
The new. officers were installed. They
are as follows:
Alfred Elllng, president: A. Kuhn, vice presi
dent; Charlea Stickles, treasurer; J. ,S. Fytton,
recording- secretary: J. E. Marsh, financial sec
retary; directors — H. Besenthal. James Ken
nedy, E. Hoppe,. TV. Turner, C. F. Peterson, B.
Randall, Charles Lelchterlng.
The retiring officers were as follows:
H. J. Kleser. president: ' Fred Errltt. vlge
president; Charles Stickles, treasurer; W. E.
Collins, recording secretary: J. E. Marsh finan
cial secretary; directors— H. Besenthal, Frank
Brennan, P. Chester, Alfred Elllng, L. Hess,
Li. ¦ Hay.den. .
Tho programme Included a large number
of specialties and phonograph numbers.
H. J. Hanson sang a bass solo: L. J.
Harris and A. . Granger and Gus Kerner
gave " recitations : Dawson . Mayer told
stories; Frank Onslow sang tenor solos;
Charlea Schlundt' gave a barytone solo;
J. S. Fytton sang and C. McLaughlin sang
and danced. \ \ :
"WAITERS' ASSOCIATION'
GIVES PLEASANT SMOKEE
ITe-flr Officers Installed and Guests
Entertained "With. Programme
of Clever Specialties.
The Pacific Coast Waiters' Association
gave a pleasant smoker at California Hall
WILL, CELEBRATE THE FOURTH.— The
management ¦ of the Chutes has completed ar
rangements for a ; macniflcent display of flre
works on the Fourth. An effort will be made
to surpaas everything in that j line which has
yet been held at the Chutes.
The charge of burglary against Matthew
Collins, special policeman, was dismissed
by Police Judge Mogan yesterday morn
ing. Later the Judge ordered that the
case be again placed on the calendar, he
having been informed that misrepresenta
tions had been made to him The court
ordered that Collins, who was out on
bonds,, and the witnesses for the prosecu
tion be subpenaed to appear in court this
morning.
Collins was arrested on the charge of
entering the cigar warehouse of Rlnaldo
& Co. and stealing 3000 clgarsi which he
was alleged to have sold to Arthur Bird
sey, a saloon-keeper at 123 Front street.
Charles S. Bier, a member of the cigar
firm, swore to the complaint and engaged
Attorney Ach to specially prosecute. As
Collins had denied that he sold the cigars
to Birdsey, the last named engaged At
torney Riordan to look after his interests
during Collins' preliminary examination.
Ach Told Him There Was No Case.
When the case came up yesterday Bier
was called to the stand. He testified In
effect that he had been informed by At
torney Ach, who was not in court, that as
there had been no breakage in making«an
entrance to the store there was no case.
There were only three keys to the door
of the warehouse. He had one, the cashier
had one and the porter the third, therefore
Collins could not , have had a key. He
admitted that the cigars had been stolen
between the night of June 18 and the morn
ing of June 19, but he was not sure that
tho ones which Birdsey alleged he had
purchased from Collins belonged to his
firm.
Ex- Judge Ferral, who represented Col
lins, made a motion to dismiss the case
as there was no evidence against the de
fendant.
Attorney Riordan at this point said that
his client, Birdsey, was not in court. He
had been in attendance, but as Attorney
Ach had informed Riordan that there was
no evidence against Collins and he had
withdrawn from the case, Birdsey had
been told that he was not wanted. He
could be sent for If it was deemed neces
sary.
Birdsey Ready to Testify.
Bier again took the stand and said there
was no us© sending for Birdsey, as he
could not testify to anything material.
.The Judge then gTanted the motion to
dismiss. Later he was notified of the
fact that Birdsey would testify that he
had purchased the cigars- from Collins
and he Immediately ordered the case put
back on the calendar. Detective Me-
Mahon was instructed to bring Collins
into court and subpena all the witnesses
to be present this morning. McMahon
found Collins and the Judge instructed
him to be in court at the time- arranged
"There is something peculiar in the
case." said the Judge, "and I want all the
witnesses to tell what they know In open
court. There is apparently no disposi
tion to prosecute the case and I want to
know the reason."
Judge Mogan Suspects
a Scheme to Free
Collins.
REVOKES ORDER
OF DISMISSAL
mar the success of the undertaking and
all interested predict that it will forever
redound to the glory of the League and
the people of California.
The following appeal for subscriptions
to the expense fund was issued yt&ter
day:
Appeal for Subscriptions.
The finance committee of the International
Epworth League Convention finds itself much
delayed In gathering funds for the coming of
the great convention and time presses so close
as to make the situation uncomfortable; our
visitors are to be with us in a few days.
The committee was ready to press its can
vass at the time the Presidential reception was
projected and the subscription undertaken for
its funds. There was nothing to do in the
premises but withdraw our plans and to wait
till this was over.
We have pressed the canvass since that date
and have in sight only some fourteen thousa'hd
dollars of the twenty-five thousand dollars re
rcquired.
The estimated amount required cannot be re
duced: the contracts covering nearly the whole
amount have already been made. We feel sat
isfied that this situation . needs only to be
brought to the attention of our citizens to have
prompt and generous response by them.
. At the time the convention was secured the
committee having the matter In charge pledged
twenty-live thousand dollars for the city to meet
these expenses. This pledge was made neces
sary by the fact that Los Angeles, then in com- ;
petition for the convention, through Its Cham
ber of Commerce, offered to guarantee twenty
five thousand dollars to meet estimated ex
penses of the gathering. We felt assured then
and are confident now that our citizens are
ready to fulfill this pledge.
The promised attendance on the convention
Is greater than anticipated. Definite reports of
travel indicate that the larg-est number of per
sons from the East ever in California at one
time will be here during the convention.
Asking the prompt and generous response of
our citizens, I am, THOMAS FILBEN.
Chairman General Committee.
The following subscriptions are
acknowledged:
Hale Bros $150
Raphael Welll & Co 150
San Francisco Laundry Association 300
Estate of James Thelan ". ]00
Hills Bros 100
TV. & J. Sloane & Co . 100
John Breuner Company 100
O'Conncr, Moffatt & Co ]00
Miller & Lux J00
California Hotel f,0
Columbian Bank JO
Hlbernla Savings Bank 50
Holbrook. Merrill & Stetson :... 50
Ames Sz Harrie 50
TV. P. Fuller & Co .- BO
A. J. Johnston, Sacramento EO
Sach Bros ' bo
Dennett's Restaurant 50
Dojge, Sweeney & Co B0 I
Welch & Co E0
Pareells-Greenwood Company 50
Mount Tamabals Railway BO
Spring Valley Water Company 50
J. C. Coleman 50
Kdward Coleman E0
The Lick House ;.... 50
Total $1,850
Previously reported 8,750
Grand total $10,600
The total number of native born voters
Ip 45.183. and other countries 28,444, a total
of 73.633. Of these 23.248 were born in Cali
fornia. 1427 in Illinois. 2323 In Massachu
petts. 5037 in New York. 80S2 in Germany,
S261 in Ireland. 1209 in Sweden. 1 In Ice
land. 2513 in England. 1 In Morocco. 2 In
Malta. 3 In the Philippine Islands, 251 in
Australia. 21 at sea. 5 in Tahiti. 814 In
Italy and 5 in Argentine RepubMc.
The registered vote In 1896 was 72 992
:SS8. C2.S65; 1900. 73.633. and the vote polled
in 1900 was 65,161. The expenses of the
office with a municipal election In 1S96
1S57 were $202,000, and in 1900-1901 $109,000.
Registrar Walsh yesterday submitted
his annual report of the Department of
Elections to the Election Commission for
approval. The report will be sent to the
Mayor and shows a financial statement,
the* nativity of all registered voters, regis
tration and vote polled since the adoption
of the purity of elections law and other
data. The total appropriation for the de
partment was $109,500. of which $109,168 47
was expended, leaving a surplus of
I"5gures Given en Registration and
Expenses of Department for
Several Years.
ELECTION" COMMISSION
FILES ANNUAL REPOBT
SOUS ASSESSMENTS ON
FBANCHISES nrCBEASED
Assessor Dodge Eaisss the Asssssed
Valuation en T-wo Big Quasi-
Public Corporations.
At least two big quasi-public corpora
tions will be called upon this year to pay
Increased taxes on their franchises. The
assessment roll just submitted to the
Board of Supervisors bv Assessor Dodge
<iifc!oses the fact that the franchise of
the Pacific States Telephone and Tele
graph Company has been assessed at
$1,500,000. whereas in the year preceding
the corporation paid taxes on the same
itf>m at a valuation of $380,673. This Is an
inoreasr of $T.19.227.
The Market Str^pt Railway Company
has had its iranchise assessment raised
from J12.535.3Tii. on which it paid taxes last
? far, to S13X72.1S5. this year's valuation
This Is an increase of over $1,000,000. The
franchise of the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company was reduced from
$1.?1 1.571 to $^06,770. due to shrinkage In the
value of up property and reduction in the
value cf it? stock caused by competition.
On the Fourth of July trains will be run
over the Mill Valley and Mount Tamal
rals Soenir Railway to the top of the
mountain with tho game frequency as on
Sundays and at the same hours.
To Tamalpsis on tha Fourth-
Mechanics' Pavilion to
Be Completely Re
fitted.
BEGINNING WORK
FOR CONVENTION
THE contract was awarded last
week for the erection of a new
parochial residence for the clergy
of St. Peter's Church, of which
Rev. Father Peter Casey is the
pastor. The parishioners have been busily
engaged in raising the necessary funds,
and sufficient money is now assured to
proceed with the building. The structure
Is to be built back of the present church
and will front on Florida street. It will
cost about $11,000. The plans prepared by
Shea & Shea, architects, show the Italian
AH about the headquarters is busy pre
paration. The heads of all the commit
tees report that plans are. complete and
will be executed in ample time for the
convention. Nothing has yet occurred to
It has been decided to spend $5000 on
deaorations. In addition to what -will be
done in that line by private individuals.
Gigantic Maltese crosses are to hang over
the streets all the way from the ferry
station to the Pavilion. Hundreds of Ep
worth League red and white banners are
being made to decorate the buildings in
which exercises are to be held. Uniforms
for the ushers and guides are also being
made. *
It is expected that many thousands of
the Leaguers will be in the city several
days before the convention, although the
railroads are planning to handle the bulk
of the traffic on -July 16 and 17.
Some of the delegates who have ar
ranged for a tour of the principal points
of the West are already on the way and
others are starting daily.
The Pavilion has not, however, the
capacity for containing all the people
who will wish to attend the meetings of
the convention, and exercises will take
place simultaneously In Metropolitan
Temple, the Alhambra Theater and sev
eral of the largest churches. Open air
meetings are to be held at noon on all
four days of the convention in the City
Hall Square and on Van Ness avenue. '
The work of preparing the meeting
places and decorations for the Epworth
League convention is now actually under
way and will continue uninterruptedly
Until July IS, the day on which the pre
liminary exercises will take place. It has
been discovered that considerably more
work will have to be done on the Me
chanics' Pavilion than was originally out
lined and it ha3 been found necessary to
employ two shifts of men, who will labor
night and day until the arrangements are
completed.
A great auditorium is to be built in the
center of the Pavilion, and all around the
sides booths for the exhibits of the uif
ferent counties and religious organizations
are to be constructed. There will also
be in the same building an emergency
hospital, telephone and telegraph con
veniences, an information bureau and a
branch postoffice exclusively for the use
of the visiting delegates.
• Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Louise F. McDonald against John S. Mc-
Donald for cruelty, Harry L. Curzens
against Hattie A. Curzens for desertion
and HJalmer A. Erunell against Marie E.
Brunell for desertion.
Lizzie Kosher has been granted a di
vorce from Paul Kosher for desertion.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Renaissance style of architecture. Work
will be commenced to-morrow.
The facade of the proposed building is
marked strongly and beautifully by a
triple arched portico. The sides are em
phasized by pavilion breaks, which de
stroy the appearance of great length and
give grace and dignity to the design.
The first floor is to be devoted to a re
ception hall and offices for the clergy,
culinary and living apartments, while the
second floor provides each clergyman with
a separate study in addition to his bed
chamber. The reception room Is to bo
paneled in redwood, with the natural fln-
ish. The rest of the residence will be
noted for Its strict simplicity and con
venient arrangements. The house will be
heated with steam and wired for electric
lighting.
The plan is peculiar because of the shal
low depth of the lot necessitating the en
tire length of the house to form the
facade. The depth of the house will' be
35 feet and the width or frontage 92 feet.
The parishioners are 'enthusiastic over 'the
plan to build a suitable residence to re
place the present abode of the energetic
and self-sacrificing pastor and his able
assistants.
FRONT ELEVATION OF THE HANDSOME NEW PAROCHIAL RESIDENCE TO BE BUILT ON FLORIDA STREET
THIS SUMMER FOR THE REV. P. S. CASEY, PASTOR OF ST. PETER'S CHURCH, AND THE CLERGYMEN
WHO SO ABLY ASSIST HIM IN PARISH AFFAIRS.
Union cards came down from restaurant
windows all 'day yesterday at .varying
hours. Some proprietors anticipated the
time, while others held the cards in sight
until the last minute. Some overstepped
the limit. A record of these is being kept,
agents of the Jobbing butchers having
been scattered around the city for that
purpose.
Those who were interested in the matter
were unable last night to give a definite
idea of the number of cards that were
taken down. The spokesman for the job
bing butchers said, "It does not matter
how many union cards came down to-day;
tfley will all be down In due time."
Secretary Rosenberg of the San Fran
cisco Labor Council, speaking for tho or
ganizations affiliated with that body and
in the presence of Business Agent Lane
of the Cooks' and Walters' Alliance, made
the following statement: <
Information has come to us that some of
the union restaurant cards hare been surren
dered under threats of the Jobbing and retail
ing butchers that meat would not be furnished
to restaurants displaying union cards. This
simply means that the Kmployers" Association
is enforcing the policy of withholding supplies
from union houses. Wherever possible we
shall meet that Issue by withholding men, or
where that is not advisable, withhold our pa
tronage. There is no question but that the
wholesale and Jobbing- butchers are at the
bottom of the present difficulty. The executive
committee will meet to-morrow night and then
when we have more detailed reports at hand
we shall strike back at the butchers . mainly
responsible for the interference. We are going
to convince some of the retailers that the
trades unionists, and for that matter the gen
eral public, is opposed to the methods of the
Employers' Association.
President vGoff of the San Francisco
Labor Council was before the Building
Trades Council at 915V6 Market street last
night and advocated the plan of issuing
a journal devoted to laboring Interests.
Goff made a gallant plea for the proposi
tion, but the sense of the meeting, taken
by a rising vote, was against the plan.
The following statement, presented by
W. E. French, representative of the Der
rickmen's. Engineers' and Structural Iron
Workers' Union, was adopted last night
and furnished the press over the seal of
the Building Trades Council:
It has been reported in public print that Guy
Lathrop, "lately of the Building Trades Coun
cil," but now secretary of the State Federa
tion of Labor, and a member of its " executive
council, did indorse a variety of measures re
cently passed on by that body.
As this report, like everything else emanat
ing from the same source, is more for the pur
pose of deceiving the public, and because It Is
wholly false as far as it concerns the Building
Trades Council, we deem it our duty to set the
matter right before the reading and thinking
public of S'an Francisco.
Guy Lathrop is not nor has he ever been a
member of the Building Trades Council any
more than the thousands of other men who
hold membership in any affiliating- union can
claim to be. He has not nor has he at any
time been a delegate to the council, and is not
likely to be in the future if his present In
dorsing proclivities and erratic tactics are not
changed. O. A. TVEITMOB, Secretary.
The Leather Workers have agreed to
assess themselves 5 per cent of their
weekly wages until further notice for the
benefit of the striking iron workers.
Barbers - Honor State Board.
I. Less, secretary of the local associa
tion of Journeymen .barbers, has been
elected delegate to the .meeting of the in
ternational association to be held at Sag-
Inaw, Mich., in the early days of October.
At present he is in Bakersfield, where he
is preparing to organize the barbers of
that town into a union. He will return,
and visit various cities in the San Joaquin
Valley, organizing unions wherever there
Is sufficient material.
The Board of State Barber Commission
ers announces that certificates will be
ready on Monday afternoon and will
be promptly distributed to those entitled
to them. They were the guests last night
of the Barbers' Protective Association,
Speeches were made by Calish, Fleming
and Drake, E. P. Roche and others. At
the conclusion of the meeting refresh
ments were served.
At the ball to be shortly given by the
several local barbers' organizations, the
retiring president of the Journeymen Bar
bers'. Union,- J. R. Bliely, will be presented
with a gold badge by the organization, in
recognition of his services. No date has
as yet been set for the affair, but it is
proposed to make it a grand occasion.
The date selected will probably be that on
which the State Board of Barber Commis
sionefs will be ready to conclude Its la
bors in this city.
The Shinglers' Union has elected the
following officers: President, "William
Joy; vice president, Fred Brooks; record
ing and corresponding secretary, William
Garvey; financial secretary, John Bald
win; treasurer, William Kurlbaum; ser
geant at arms, Fred Joy; auditing com
mittee — H. Robertson, E. Davis, J. Sulli
van; delegates to Building Trades Council
—William Joy, Larry Smith, Fred Joy. An
entertainment and social tendered to the
retiring officers will be given at 1159 Mis
sion street on the evening of July 12.
m .
Bookbinders Have Wo Union Label.
Harry Gibb, president of the San Fran
cisco Typographical Union, yesterday said
that the bookbinders have no right to any
union label, not being affiliated with the
International Union of Bookbinders or
with the local Allied Printing . Trades
Council; the rules of these bodies forbid
ding the use of a label other than the Al
lied Printing Trades Council label. The
bookbinders nave been given thirty daysl
notice by the Labor Council, said Gibba,
to affiliate with the International Union,
otherwise to withdraw their delegates.
The effect of passing the resolution of
fered In tho Board of Supervisors to re
quire the bookbinders' label on all muni
cipal books would have been to restrict
all binding to bookbinders, shutting out
the printers and pressmen. The Interna
tional Printers, -Pressmen and Bookbind
ers are one association as allied printing:
trades and have. only one label, and the
bookbinders are not entitled to the special
label they claim.
Strong Statement Emanates
From Local Building
Trades Council.
Union Restaurants Ac
cede to Requests 'of '
the Butchers.
CARDS REMOVED
FROM WINDOWS
Yearly Report Shows That
Private Institutions Have
From figrures at present being: compiled
In the office of the Superintendent of
Schools the fact was developed yesterday
that the average daily attendance in the
public schools for the fiscal year just end
ed shows a marked decrease compared
with that of the year 1S99-1900. Superin
tendent Webster states that notwith
standing the increase of 2613 in the num
ber of census children, as returned' by
Chief Census Marshal Elbert. the average
attendance has fallen off 2S3, although
according to the census returns the at
tendance should have been sensibly In
creased. The figures for 1S29-1900 were
25.004 and those for the last fiscal year
34,771.
Another Interesting fact In connection
with the report now being prepared is
that the parochial schools and private In
stitutions have had a slight Increase in
their attendance. While the law does n<n
require the calculation of the grand tot">l
In the attendance in private schools, each
oae has taught more pupils during the
last fiscal year than the year preceding.
Superintendent Webster ascribes as the
reason for the decrease in the attendance
in public schools and a corresponding in
crease in the private schools the high
classification Inaugurated by the Board of
Education. He says that the reason why
there are not at least 1500 pupils more in
average daily attendance is the fact
that some parents were unable to
find a class in which their children could
be enrolled. Other parents were opposed
to their children attending classes which
were overcrowded. As a consequence the
private schools reaped the benefit of the
lack of accommodations In the schools
maintained by the State.
Webster will shortly file a report with
the board, in which he will reiterate hlf
recommendation made last year that the
maximum enrollment in the grades front
the second to the eighth, both inclusK-e,
be fixed at fifty pupils, and in the first
grade the pupils enrolled shall not exceed
forty. Webster contends that even these
figures are too high, according to the best
educational thought of the country, but
the funds available will not permit of a
lower classification, as it would necessi
tate the employment of a number of ad
ditional teachers. The School Directors,
with the possible exception of Denman
p. re beginning to realize that the classifi
cation at present in force is too high and
after further consideration they may de
ride thjat the Superintendent's figures are
the correct ones and should be adopted.
Too High.
Superintendent Webster
Says Classification Is
PUBLIC SCHOOLS
LOSING PUPILS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 3, 1901.
Work Will Be Commenced Immediately on an Imposing Structure
Which Will Be a Fitting Tribute of the Parishioners to the Noble
Work Performed by the Pastor and His Able Assistants
CLERGYMEN OF ST. PETER'S PARISH
WILL HAVE NEW PAROCHIAL HOME
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mellin's Food is not a medicinerBut a
proper and satisfactory substitute for
mother's milk when the natural nour-
ishment cannot be obtained. Because
Mellin's Food contains the necessary
nutritive elements in the proper pro-
portions and quantities, the infant's
development te natural^ and complete
and prepares a foundation. for. future.
L « . liL -J a.' *j
liCdl Lll ci 11U. i jet L tl VI ty»
OJto-FOR-A-FREB .SAMPLBOP MEIXm-8 FOOI*
WfELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS..
AMUSEMENTS. \, %};
f*ftl BIMISIA SM FHAXKSCO'I
VUlaUSwlt&lM LEADING THEATRE
SECOND WEEK.
EXTRA EOLIDAY MATINEE TO-MORROW
the bio TTTITTITIT^
SPECTACLE l|\|
CHARLES I I III 1 I il II
FROHMAN'S - E I III I I H ft
COLOSSAL I j | H I | | ' 1 I
PRODUCTION. UllUJJIi
By Arrangement with w * ¦ ¦•^ ¦¦-¦ ¦*•*
DAVID BELASCO.
Panl M." Potter's • ¦^^^Bj
5-Act Drama on \^ar
Ouida's Famous Novel.
Over 100 People. S*^m
Including- TIT ¦ f4 fHi
BLANCHE BATES TjT ft PC 1
as '•CIGARETTE." U| II I \
Every Night This and I ¦ I - H |T,|
Next Week . 1 3 I I I | ! I I V ~
(Except Sunday). X JJjLlUK/
Matinee Saturday.
FISCHER'S concert house.
riOUnfin O Admission lOc.
CHARITY MARTIN. SIG. G. S. WANRELL.
Anita. Fallon. Graham and Grevllle Co., AI
Hazard. Ingham, Viola Vignette. Murphy and
Hart.
Reserved Seats. 23c. Mstlnee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally Fcom 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing- From " a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHD^DREN 6c.
Bathing. Including Admission. 25c. Children 20c
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
SCOTTISH UNION
AND NATIONAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH, Scotland, on th» 31st day
of December. A. D. 1900. and for tha year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California pur-
suant to the provisions of sections S10 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed aa per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $213,437 E9
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,064,050 17
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,040,323 SS
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities aa collateral 2,830 00
Cash In Company's Office , £33 74
Cash In Banks 619,527 9S
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 22,402 44
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 13.858 54
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 431.135 48
Total Assets $4,312,383 10
LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $76,233 81
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 151.411 77
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 12.3C0 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlns one year or less. $1,390,534 75;
reinsurance CO per cent J (95,237 37
Grose premiums on Fire Risks run-
• nlng more than one year, $1,931.-
096 71: reinsurance pro rata 960,431 S>
Due and accrued for salaries, rent. •
etc 5.000 0i>
All other liabilities 1SS.174 07
Total Liabilities- .*2.088.MS 9t
INCOME. =
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums .: $1,939,934 83
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 60.288 n
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 77,051 51
Received for Rents 2,129 S3
Total Income J2.08O.072 83
*¦ EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $215,203 S3, losses of pre- ¦
vious years) : $1,389,883 7*
Faid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 833.4S5 81
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for offlcen. clerks, etc.... 91.9W 07
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes - 84.024 90
All other payments and expenditures 116,283 SO
Total Expenditures 52.073,613 SI
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year J1.S43.071 T3
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks.) Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $357,480,804 $3,433.140 0
Net amount of Risks.
expired during the ;•
year ..' S15.0S1.S51 J. 988. 921 «
Net amount In force
December 31. 1900 332.670.794 3.341.831 48
JAS. H. BnEWSTER, U. S. Manager,
* . Hartford. Cona.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 231
day of January. 1901.
CLARKSOK N. FOWLER.
- Notary Public
T. J. A. TIEDEMANN,
General Agent Pacific Coast Department.
- . 439 CALIFORNIA STREET, .
Safe Deposit Building.
i»PALACE HOTEL*-
"Visitors to Ban Francisco who mako
their headquarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
b« obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attach** and onequ&Ied
cuisine. American and European plans.
»GRAND H0TEL«»
¦InDrMSLOOigrTiu
'AMUSEMENTS.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at I.
"IT'S A GREAT BIG HIT'."
The New Midsummer Extravaganza,
THE BABES
tL" WOOD.
Book by Ferris Hartman.
BUSHELS OF FUN'. LOADS OF MUSIC!
Popular Prices 25c and Me
Telephone— Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAT (WEDNESDAY), JULY 3.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
AN ENTIRELY_N£W BILL,
CLAYTON WHITE AND MARIE STUART.
PROSPER TROUPE, BIMM, BOMM, BRRR.
P. RICHARDS, LA MOYNE BROTHERS.
INA ALLEN, GARDNER and VINCENT.
THE BIOGRAPH. EMILY LYTTON.
CHAS. BOWSER & CO.
A SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE THURS-
DAY. FOURTH OF JULY.
oLvheatr e^aT
LAST FIVE NIGHTS.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In* Her Greatest Success.
TO-MORROW 4TH OF JULY MATINEE.
SEATS SIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
Neit— "THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
GRAND 1 OPERA. MOUSE
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE THURSDAY.
JULY 4th.
USUAL MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUN-
DAY.
ALL THIS WEEK »
. T. DANIEL FRAWLEY Presents
"THE ONLY WA Y."
Original Version by Freeman Wills.
Strongest Company Ever Seen at Popular
Prices.
10c, 15c, 25c, 60c, 73c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
NEXT WEEK— "SECRET SERVICE."
BELASCG A*r>THAim
ii* mat enriuu
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
EXTRA MATINEE TO-MORROW (JULY 4).
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday
Special Engagement of
JAMES M. BROPHY.
Superb Production of Frank Mayo's Great Play
Davy Crockett.
Sensational Climaxes— The Attack by Ferocious
Wolves, Etc.. Etc.
PDtrCC Evenings 10c. 13c. 25c. 33c. 50c
•HltCw- Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
. Next Week— James M. Brophy In Gillette's
war play, "HELD BY THE ENEMY."
CHUTES^™ ZOO
SPECIAL TONICHT,
THE AMATEURS
AND A -
LADIES' HEAVY-WEIGHT
LIFTING_CONTEST.
TO-MORROW-
BIG 4TH OF JULY CELEBRATION.
GRAND FIREWORKS DISPLAY
AT NIGHT.
. Telephone for Seats— Park , 23.
SEATS ON SALE.
OPEN-AIR CONTESTS
—OF
THE SAM FRANCISCO ATHLETIC CLUB.
AFTERNOON OF JULY 4,
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STREETS.
(Jack) MOFFATT vs^GARDNER C6eorge)
TWENTY ROUNDS FOR MIDDLEWEIGHT
. CHAMPIONSHIP.
(AI), NEILL Y3. fiRSTOH ("Dutch")
TWENTY ROUNDS FOR COAST CHAMPION-
SHIP.
' Tickets for sale at 914 Market street.
Popular Prices, ?L $2 and $3.
D0 YOU START A T EVERY SOUND? H
p#^u3 6 jM^^^fi ARE. YOUR. ME.NSES IRREGULAR? Jf
Thcsc symptoms of female disorders are signals of danger ! Female trouble il
WMlW&^WmSxgM £f? m " on an d quietly but thcy give sure warning o f their approach M
J^^^^^^^VLwM P* 1 * b "° mistaWn S the dark rin 5* "nder thc eye, thc weak nerves, the fM
WW& IT WMwnW drowsiress b y da y and thc v^u!n«s at ni^ht Yet there are thousands of ' H
W^m^y JSsSS-jPJfl women who have these nervous spell*. They start at every little iarrmtf noise II
WEl and thcy becomc irritated at the slightest cause. They suffer terrible periodical f%
BIw V/^&v 5^®?.^ P ams " But {hc y oftcn havc but a va 5 uc ldea of what ai«» them. Thcy would W \
hIP 3$Wkw$% Sf Shcdtd t0 kn0W thcy rcalIy arc sufferin £ fr °m dangerous maladies, about J$
H |v|L^V>HHMHW| £Wk * he mos * d&ngtrous a woman can have. But Mrs. Combe was cured by Wine ' t&i
H rivA*§#XmMSS« 5fl! ° f C£rdUI ' and *° S ratcfuI ls shc that 5he wrotc this testimonial of §§
W^f I have suffered with irregular and painful menstruzlion and was so weak I could not do my housework for cUht fl§
M ¥? r J!t °1,. aC S? ni l t £ f m y w « kn "*- ' Wed everything but to no benefit My husband heard of Wine of Cardui fnd BBS
IH Jh«J'ord«Br.ck.pr«o S hL He wed Thedford's BJack-Draught and it did him «o much S ood that he induced me to 18
Eigf take Mine of Cardm for my troubles. I did so and it did me so much £ood that now I know it is the mrrfVni. tZ P*
J£3l weekly women. I am using it now. Mrs EC COM BF IP
tpS Mrs. Combe is only one woman in hundreds of cured as she was. Letters like hers Wei
!%i arc c 01^' 11^ to us evcr y day from all over the country. Will you not give Wine of Cardui a trial? eH
P$M For advice and literature, address, tririnp symptoms, "Tha Ladies' Advisory iP«
Kry Department," Tho Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tonn. ' t®3THE COAST RECORD.
Business In evaporated apples was confined
.to a hand-to-mouth trade again to-day.. yet the
undertone remained steady with prices un
changed. State, . common to. good. • 314if?5c
prime, 5%@5?ic; choice, -6@6Uc;'. fancy, - 6'/.@7c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EGGS — Receipts, 12,241 packages; steady
Western, candled, 13@14c; Western, uncandled'
10@12%C. ------ -- -/....: ,- .
The opening in coffee was steady with July
2 points lower and ' other months 1@5 points
higher. The close was finally barely steady
with prices 1@3 points net lower.
BUTTER— Receipts, 14.865 packages; quiet;
creamery. 15@19i£c; factory, 12>4@15c. - '
SUGAR— Raw, steady to firm: fair refining
3 9-16c; centrifugal. 96 test, 4 7-82c; molasses
sugar, 3 5-16c; refined steady. :: ¦
WHEAT— Receipts. 164,300 bushels; exports,
1E2.415; spot firm; No. 2 red, 75%c, f. o b
afloat: No. VNorthern Duluth, 83%c afloat- No
1 hard Duluth. 83?&c f. o. b. .afloat. Options
opened steady on the strong French cables
eased off later owing ' to bearish crop news
larger receipts and liquidation, but rallied
finally on the late strength in corn and a large
decrease In world's stocks, closed firm at" Uc
net- advance. July. 71 15-16@72%c, closed 72%c
September, 71ii@71%c. closed "lTgcr October'
71%@"2 l /ic, f closed 72^c; December, 73 l-10@74ci
closed 74c. /
HIDES— Quiet. '(
HOPS— Firm. '
WOOL— Quiet. .
COFFEE— Spit Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice 7%4c
mild quiet; Cordova, 8%@12%c.
NEW TORK. July 2.-FLOUR-Recelpts, 21,
187 barrels; exports, 21,000; dull, but fairly
steady; Minneapolis patents, $3 70@3 90; Min
nesota bakers, $2 90@3 10; winter patents, $3 60
@3 90; winter straights, $3 40@3 50; winter ex
tras, $2 50@2 85; winter low grades. $2 30@2 40.
WASHINGTON, July 2.— To-day'B statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $172,605,544; gold. $98,314,002.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. July 2. — Money on call, firm, at
4@6 per cent; last loan, 4; ruling rate, 6 per
cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4(g 5% per cent.
Sterling exchange, inactive, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 87%®4 87% for de
mand and at $4 85Vi(ff4 85% for sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 86<g4 8S»,4. Commercial bills.
$4 84%. Silver certificates, nominally, 60c. Bar
silver, 59%c. Mexican dollars, 47c. State bonda,
inactive; Government- bonds, steady; railroad
bonds, weak.
LONDON. July 2.— Atchison, 90%; Canadlnn
Pacific, 10614: Union Pacific preferred, 92%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 97%; Grand Trunk,
10%; Anaconda, 9%. Bar silver, dull, 27%d per
ounce. Money, 1%@2 per cent.
New York Money Market. .
CLOSING,
The stock market to-day was as dull as
ditch water and what business there was in
the American department was compressed in
the first hour and a half. ¦ The list was heavy
on American bank failures and the strike in
the steel trade, but the best authorities io not
regard the labor troubles as serious, knowing
that only twenty per cent of the steel em
ployes belong to the labor unions. Although
London was a seller, the quantity was small,
and New York turning a quiet buyer, the
whole 'lifit rallied on an average of half a
point to a full point, Atchiaon leading in tho
recovery. The close was at the top, but the
market was neglected.
Money on call was easy at l\i per cert", and
finally became, unlendable.
NEW YORK. July 2.— The Commercial A.d
vertiser'a London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
BOSTON, July 2,— There Is . a better tone to
the wool market here -this week and a more
buoyant feeling prevails, . but the . improvement
is not sufficient to advance prices materially.
Prices "are stronger, however, and buyers who
lefused to buy wool at market prices two weeks
ago are now paying It. Territory, wools are
quoted at , 40@42c . for fine medium and fine
scoured, staple in, while the strictly staple ar
ticle | calls. for 44®43c. ¦ <" ; , .
i Fine . Australian wools are firm and '• costing
on the scoured basis 70@75c for superfine and
clothing grades. _.'!; - .-.,¦¦• '
- . Quotations: ;- Territory— Scoured H basis— Mon
Boston Wool Market.
, ST. JOSEPH, Mo.; July 2.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 20S1. Market active to strong: natives,
$4 50@6: cows and heifers, $1 60@5 20; bulls and
stags, $2 755i'4-90: stockers and feeders, $2 75@
4 40; veals, $3 2r J @6 25. . : "
HOGS— Receipts, 9530. Market 6@10c lower;
light and light' mixed, $5 75@5 95; medium and
heavy. $5 S0®6 CZM ; pigs. $4@5 ; bulk, $5 80@5 95.
SHEEP — Receipts, ¦; 3437. Texas ' grassers,
steady; others, 10@15c lower.-
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, July 2.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3500,
including 900 Texans. Native and Texas steers,
weak; butchers' stock, steady to slow.. Good to
prime steers, $5 20®6 25; poor to medium, $4 10®
5 10; stockers and feeders, $2 50@4 50; cows, $2 50
@4 65; heifers. $2 6o@3; canners, $2@2 50;. bulls,
$2 5004 50; ¦ calves, $4®6 40; • Texas fed steers,
$4 25i@'5 25; grassers, $3~50@4 15: bulls, $2 60@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day,'. 18,000; to-morrow,
30,000 estimated; left over. 6000. Market slow;
top' $6 20. Mixed and butchers, $4 80@6 15; rough
heavy, $5 80@o 90; light, $5 80@6 10; bulk of sales,
$5 95@6 07Vi. •¦ '-: . .
SHEEP— Receipts, 13,,000. Sheep, steady;
lambs, steady to strong.- Good -to choice weth
ers. $3 50@4 10:. fair to choice mixed. $3@3 75;
Western sheep, S3 25@4; yearlings, $3 75® 4 15;
native lambs, $3 25@5 10; Western Iambs, $4@
510. ; .' .^ ¦-¦*¦ • ' " \ ~
Chicago Livestock Market.
V CHICAGO, July 2. — Porter Bros. Company
sales California fruit: Prunes— Tragedy, $1 25
(HI 55; Simoni. TOiS'idc; Abundance. $1; Bur
banks, 75i?i95c; Peach Plums, $10145; Japan
Plums $105. Apricots— Royals. 85@95e. Peaches
—Early Crawford, $145(5)165; Hale's, 75c@$l 05.
Pear? — Wilder, $1 40 half box; Clapp's Favorite,
$1 50; Bartletts, $2. Figs— Black, 75c<g:$l 05.
Cherries— Royal Anne, 70ciS$l 90; Republican,
S0c(5$2 05; Tartarian, 80c; Imperial, $2; Blng.
|1 10@2 65. Eighteen, cars fruit sold to-day.
NEW YORK, July 2.— Porter Bros.' Company
sales California fruit: Car from Sacramento:
Apricots— Royal, 60c; Peach. 45@50c. Plums-
Abundance, 45@75c; Red June, 65c; Peach. $1.
Prunes — Tragedy, 90c@$l 30; Slmoni, 80c. Car
from Vacaville: Apricots— Royal, 80c. Peaches
— Hale's, $1 05; Foster's, $1 20; St. John, 65c©
$1 35: St. John, 83c@$l 05. Plums— Burbanks,
60c<g$l 15; California Red. $1 33@1 70; Sultan.
90c; Abundance, 55<570c; Climax. Jl 20; Peach.
$1 10: Satsuma. 70c; Wickson. $2 35: Norman,
85c@$l 15; mixed, $1 05. Prunes— Tragedy, SI 25
@1 40; Simonl, 80c. Pears— Wilder, ?1 65. Figs
—Black, 20c. Car from Vacaville: Apricots-
Royal, $1 60@l 90; Montgamet, $1 20@l 30.
Peaches— Hale's. $1 10@l 40; Early Crawford,
70c; St. John. 95c. Plums — Royal Hatlve, 65c;
Burbank, 75c@$l 25; Abundance, 40®65c; Sul
tan 65@95c; Climax, 90c; Norman, 70c; Wick
son U 35; Red June. $1 33. Prunes— Tragedy.
$1 15@135: Simoni. 70c. Pears— Clapp's Favor
ite, $1 65. Figs— Black, 90c.
Car from Vacaville: Apricots— Montgamet,
$120 Peaches— Hale's Early, $1 10<8>l 25. Plums
—Burbank, 60<gSOc; Abundance. 65® 80c; Climax.
$1 20®l 35; Red June, $1 30; Shiro, 90c,; Royal
Hatlve, 85c: Satsuma, 75c; Peach, $130. Prunes
—Tragedy $1 15@1 30; Simonl, 85c. Pears—Bart
letts. »1 95, half boxes. Figs— Black, 40c.
Car from Vacaville: Apricots— Royal, 85c@
$130. Peaches— Hale's, 90c@Jl: St. John, $1.
Plums— Abundance, 65@70c; Climax $115@145;
Burbank. 55c@H 10; Royal Hatlve, '65c; Ogon,
80c. Prunes— Tragedy, Jl 10@l 30. Figs— Black,
45@85c Pears — Clapp's Favorite, 35c.
Car from Winters: Apricots— Royal, 7Sc@$l 05.
Peaches— Alexander, 40c; Hale's, 50@80c; St.
John, 70c. Plums— Abundance, 50@75c; Bur
bank, 65c@$l 20 ; California Red, $115; Tosabe,
$1 20; Ogon, 75@95c; Satsuma, tS5c; Mikado, 80c.
Prunes— Trasedy, $110©125; Simonl, 50c.- Figs
— Black. S0@98c.
Earl Fruit Company's sales: Peaches — Hale's
Early, 55c@$l 20. Plums— Burbanks, 65c@?l 30.
Prunes— Tragedy, 95c@$145; Simonl, 40c@?l SO.
Eight cars fruit sold to-day.
- CHICAGO, July 2.— Earl Fruit Company
pales California fruit: Pears — Bartletts, $4 60
boxes, $1 45@2 40 half boxes. Peaches— Hale's
Early, -45cfS$l 25 box: St. John, 90c@$l 65.
Plums— Abundance, 75c 5? $1 05 single crates;
Burbanks, 95c@$l 45; Climax, $1 13@1 65. Prunes
—Slmoni, 40c@$l 05 single crates; Tragedy,
SI 35(31 CO. Ten cars fruit sold to-day, ;
ICEW TORK, July 2.— Probably the all-em
bracing topic of the weather Is sufficient ex
planation of all that called for notice in to
day's stock market. The attendance at the
board fell to the smallest of the summer and
business fell to insignificant proportions. The
recording of transactions of "odd lots" or lots
of less than 100 shares was resumed for the first
time since business in exchange reached abnor
mal proportions after the election last fall. Quo
tations were made of bid and of asked prices
where no transaction could be effected. The move
ment of .prices in the few active stocks was also
barren of significance. London was Inclined to
take a pessimistic view or American affairs,
especially of the steel strike, and caused some
sympathetic effect at the opening here. But
prices did not fall as far as the London parity,
and there were dull rallies after the opening.
There is not entire freedom from apprehension
over the labor outlook in the Eteel trade: but
Wall streef has arrived at a conviction that in
its present phase the desire for a relaxation
from arduous work plays a large part In the
action of the men and that the crucial stage
in the controversy will not be 'definitely devel
oped until later in the year. The South had
light on the probable action of the United
States Steel, as their meeting was called for
the hour of closing of the exchange. The iso
lation at sea of J. P. Mcrgun caused a belief
that action in the many important projects in
which he is a force would await his presence
and advlcp. and emphasized the waiting dispo
sition of the market Yesterday's crop scare
rumors were partly offset by reports of this
morning of rains In the corn belt, but the con
tinued hot . wave and the Government weekly
report on cotton were rather depressing factors
in the market.
The failure of another small bank in Buffalo
created an unfavorable impression and was the
occasion of conjecture regarding the nature of
securities held for collateral by banks in gen
eral. The call money market was distinctly
easier than yesterday. Witn the day's business
below 200,000 shares and the prospect of con
tinued hot -weather unanimous approval was
given to a movement to require the governors
to reconsider their refusal to adjourn the ex
change over from July 3, at 3 p. m., to Monday,
July 8, at 10 p. m. The individual movements
of prices during the day do not call for special
comment.
The bond market shared in the dullness and
heaviness of the stock market. Total sales, par
value, n.585,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. . Bid
11,200 Atchison 88
1,790 Atchison prefd 104%
100 Baltimore & Ohio 107
Baltimore & Ohio prefd 94H
150 Canadian Pacific 104%
Canada Southern '. 63
300 Chesapeake & Ohio 48
600 Chicago & Alton 445;
430 Chicago & Alton prefd ;... 79
8,600 Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 197
100 Chicago Ind & Louis 37^4
Chicago Ind & Louis prefd 72
Chicago & Eastern Illinois ...125
600 Chicago & Great Western 24
100 Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 85
Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 61
Chicago & Northwestern 195
200 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 154^4
Chicago Terminal & Trans..'........ 23
Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd.... 45U
400 C C C & St Louis 87?
400 Colorado Southern '. ; 15
600 ¦ Colorado Southern 1st prefd 52
ECO Colorado Southern 2nd prefd.... 2314
Delaware & Hudson K6K
£20 Delaware Lackawanna & West.... 237
'. Denver & Rio Grande 49'
125 Denver & Rio Grande prefd " 97
£.500 Erie a-tll
4.700 Erie 1st preid ' 7J1?
100 Erie 2nd prefd j; B7 ™
220 -Great Northern prefd "ice
200 Hocking Valley
210 Hocking Valley prefd *"" 75*;
2.S76 Illinois Central 1531J
600 Iowa Central •!! 40
600 Iowa Central prefd io'4
2,260 Lake Erie & Western " 52%
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd i'o
1.320 Louisville & Nashville 103
8,860 Manhattan L '.i Zi .
500 Metropolitan Street Ry 173
Mexican Central 28
Mexican National... 10%
700 Mlneapolis & St Louis iO7«
4,010 Missouri Pacific ...120&
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas ;... 20
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 62U
WO New Jersey Central ]60
2,241 New York Central is« >
1,200 Norfolk & Western £1T4
Norfolk & Western prefd 83
Northern Pacific ; no'
Northern Pacific prefd 97
1.600 Ontario & Western 36U
. 6,500 Pensylvanla .'..150?»
New York Stock Market.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK, July 2.— Special cable and tele
graphic communications to Bradstreet'e show
the following changes in available ¦' supplies
from last account: Wheat— United States and
Canada, east of the Rocky Mountains, de
crease, 2.700.000 bushels; afloat for and in Ku
rope. decrease. 100.COO bushels; total supplier,
decrease, 2.800,000. Corn— United States and
Canada, east of the Rockies, decrease, 2,2fi0 -
COO bushels. Oats— United States and Cana-i.i,
east of the Rockies, increase, 261.C0O bushela.
Available Grain Supply.
Wheat— - " ; . July. ' Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 85 2190
Closing 20 85 2190
Opening .26 65 27 95
Closing 26 65 2 ( 9a
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening ..5 5% 6 6%
Closing 5 5?g 5 6»i
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady. ¦ Creameries, 14%@19c;
dairies. WAQW^c; cheese, steady, 9@10c; eggs,
steady, lie.
Temperature at 7 a. m., 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen steadily during the
past twenty-four hours over the Pacific Slope.
The depression central yesterday over the
valley of the Colorado is moving slowly north
eastward and now overlies Utah.
The temperature has fallen from 8 to 10 de
grees over Nevada and Eastern Oregon. In
the great valleys of California the temperatures
are from 8 to 13 degrees below the normal.
Rain Is reported at El Paso with high west
erly winds.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, July 3. 1901:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; brisk
westerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Wednesday." with high west
erly winds.
San Francisco and Vicinity— Fair Wednes
day; brisk westerly winds.
San Jose — Strong Northwest wind. Picking
apricots in foothills. Drying will begin in ten
days.
Palermo— High south wind. Some damage to
pears.
Hollister— Fruit not injured by hot weather.
Light crop pears.
Santa Maria— Threshing barley and oats with
good yield. Chevalier barley stained.
Ventura— Walnuts better than average. Lima
beans and beets growing nicely.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull,
easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 68@63c; No. 2 red,
C5ft@65>/2c; No. 2 corn, 45%c; No. 2 yellow, 44»4@
44%c; No. 2 oats, 27%c; No. 2 white, 31',4c; No.
3 white, 23%(g v 30%c; No. 2 rye, 47c; good feed
ing barley, 47®51c; fair to choice malting,
barley. : No. 1 flax seed, Jl 88; No.
1 Northwestern, $1 88;' prime timothy seed, *4 30
@4 35: mess pork, per bbl, $14 35@14 40; lard,
per 100 lbs. $8 D2Vi@8 55; short • ribs sides
(loose); $7 90@8 10; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
7Vi®'7Hc; short "clear sides (boxed), $8 35@-3 45;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, con
tract grade, $9 50.
flZtyth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 2—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures- were
reported from stations in California to-day-
Mount Tamalpais. 60; San Luis Obispo 70:
Fresno, S9; Los Angeles, 74: Red Bluff, S2:
Sacramento. 76; San Diecro. 06.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
60; minimum. 4S; mean. 54.
Weather Report.
Reports from the grape districts are not com
plete, but proepects appear to be good for at
l^a.st 3*2 sversfifi croi"* In most sections. I5e—
ciduous fruits matured very rapidly during the
veek, and much progress was made in picking,
drying ana canning. The yieM of prunes,
peaches ar.d apricots throughout the Santa
Clara Valley will be very light. Oranges and
ciives are in good condition.
Eax-ramenlo Valley — Clear, pleasant weather
prevailed during the first of the week, and was
followed by remarkably high temperatures for
June. Witn the exception of northerly winds
in some localities, which caused but
little damage, conditions have been favor
able for all crops. Harvesting is progressing
rapidly. The yield of wheat is fuliy as good
as expected, and the quality excellent. Hay Is
abundant and cf good quality. Hops are eaid
to be earlier than usual and looking well. The
hot weather toward the close of the week has
caused fruit to rii>ea rapidly, and orcbardists
are endeavoring to handle the crop expeditious
]y. The olive crop will be large. Citrus fruits
and grapes continue in good condition.
Coast and Bay Sections — High temperatures
have prevailed most cf the week except on the
northern t^ast, and grain and fruit have ma
tured rapidly. Harvest is progressing in all
hections, and wheat and barley are yielding
large crops, excellent !n quality. A heavy crop
of cood hay is being taled. Fruit picking, dry
ing and canning are in progress. Keports from
the Santa Clara Valley Indicate that prunes,
peaches an<l apricots will yield very light
crops. In the vicinity of Niles the apricct crop
is vtry neavy, end there will be a fair crop of
reaches. The cherry crop in Alameda County
is very light. Small fruits In Humboldt Coun
ty will be light and of poor quality. Sugar
l.rets are in good condition.
San Joaquin Valley— The weather was clear
and cool during the first part of the week and
¦very •warm during the latter. The warm
weathrr ripened both grain and fruit very rap
idly. The grain harvest is general, and rapid
l>rogresa is being made. The yield and quality
are fully up to expectations. The grain is
moftly being stored in the warehouses, very
iittl? being-. shipped to market. Large fires oc
curred in several portions of the valley during
the iatter part of thir week, destroying many
i«rg<? fidJs of grain end much pasturage. The
M-eond crop of alfalfa is being cut in eome
flaws, ar.d both the yield and quality are good.
Considerable hoy is bting shipped. Fruit is
ripening fast, and a l?.rge crop of good quality
will be harvested. The canneries and dryers
sire in full operation, and large quantities of
apricots and peaches are being shipped. Grapes
are doing nicely, and the outlook is for a large
raisin crop. Stock is ir. good condition. Water
for irritation Is plentiful.
Southern California — The warm weather has
been beneficial to citrus fruits, berries and
tome varieties of deciduous fruits, but has
caused slight Injury to apricots and walnuts
in some 6ections. Orange groves are being lib
erally irrigated, and the trees are In excellent
condition, with indications of a heavy yield.
Deciduous fruits will yield light crops In nearly
oil sections. Beans are in good condition, but
were slightly damaged by extreme heat in por
tions of Ventura County. Sugar beets con
tinue thrifty, and a heavy crop is predicted.
Grain harvest and hay baling are in progress.
Lo» Angeles Summary— Extremely warm
weather of the the past week was not beneficial
for beaiis. but killed black scale. Apricot dry
ing has begun in some places and starts next
tve^k in others: crop light. Grain harvest and
hay baling continue.
Abnonnaily high temperatures prevailed In
nearly all parts of the State toward the close
of the week, accompanied in some sections by
light northers, but very little damage to crops
resulted from the extreme heat. Conditions
generally throughout the week have been fa
vorable for all crcps. Fires in portions of the
fan Joaquin Valley have destroyed many large
fields of Erain and pasturage.
Grain harvest continues in all sections.
Wheat and Barley art yielding large crops in
nearly all districts north of the Tehachapi, and
the grain is rerx>rted of excellent quality. A
lair crop Is being harvested in portions of
Southern California. Warehouses are prepar
ing to handle a heavy crop from the San Joa
quin and fcjacramento valleys. Hay baling is
progressing-; th» cro;» is large in most sections
end of pood quality. Hops are isaid to be ear
lier than usual in some places, and give indi
cations of a heavy yield. Sugar beets continue
thrilty. Corn, jxitatoes. beans and garden
vegetables are doir.j well.
The weekly report cf A. G. McAdle, section
director of the climate and crop section of the
Weather Eureau, says:
The Weather and Crops.
"The demand is the most noticeable feature
of the business for June, both in the redwood
and pine, spruce and fir circles. Receipts have
not been able to keep up with the call and
there is very little pine or redwood in San
Francisco or its nearby localities. Generally
business is greatly improved along all lines,
and the manufacturers, with the retailers, feel
thp.t a very prosperous season is ahead."
"The thirty days just closed have not seen
eny Important innovation and the status of
the trade circles of the coast, and especially
in this State, are felt to be improving with
the passing of each day and week. Prices
have advanced on redwood boards and pine
has been affected in a like proportionate man
ner. There is every reason to believe that
there will be further and more important rises
before the end of summer. The most notice
•able feature of the lumber trade hereabouts
is the scarcity of lcth. Orders for building
purposes have been so heavy and frequent that
the manufacturers and dealers have not been
able to ke*p up with the market demands.
Never before has San Francisco and its vicin
ity witnessed to much building with wood as
the principal structural material, and con
tractors and retailers have seen very encour
agintr times lately.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron 6ayg
The Lumber Trade.
SUMMARY OF 'THE MARKETS.
Exchange and* Silver as before quoted.
Wheat futures advanced. Freights steady.
Shipping Barley in demand; but feed quiet.
Oats, Corn and Rye continue dull.
Hay and Feed stuffs as previously quoted.
Beans and Seeds still neglected and nominal.
Potatoes continue to decline. Onions and Vegetables quiet.
Poultry continues dull, as before.
Eggs still in excessive supply and weak.
Butter and Cliccse unchanged.
Fresh Fruits continue to show the effects of heat. , . •
Limes higher and getting scarce. Oranges and Lemons unchanged.
Nuts, Raisins and Honey dtdl.
Dried Apricots in steady demand and firm.
Provisions strong in sympathy with the Western markets.
Good Wools and Hides moving off well. Off stock neglected.
Hops rule dull, with growers and buyers indifferent. ,
Beef, Mutton and Pork as before quoted.
Grain Bags firm at the advance.
Linseed Oil very strong.
Oil and Mining Exchanges adjourned for the week.
"... P C C & St Louis 74
2,130 Reading 45^
1.400 Reading 1st prefd -79%
3,7oO Reading 2nd prefd :. 5614
St Louis & San Francisco 46>i
••• St Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd. 82
200 St Louis & San Fran 2nd prefd 6Si£
100 St Louis Southwestern 33
••;•-• St Louis Southwestern prefd 66^
4,350 St Paul 174%
,100 St Paul prefd 186
11.200 Southern Pacific 59U
3,200 Southern Railway 33
2.4C0 Southern Railway prefd 87
3.100 Texas & Pacific ; 44%
1,000 Toledo St Louis & West 21
....... Toledo St Louis & West prefd 33ti
1S.300 Union Pacific .: 10C%
•'• Union Pacific prefd '.. 90*4
700 Wabash 22^4
1,100 Wabash prefd 43^
100 Wheeling & Lage Erie ....20%
• • Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd...... S2Y
200 Wisconsin Central 24Vi
200 Wisconsin Central prefd 46
Express Companies— : ¦
Adams '. 170
American ....*....'. 192
"United States ...;..... 87
: Wells Fargo ....150.
.Miscellaneous — .
2,900 Amalagamted Copper .122%
800 American Car & Foundry..... 32%
400 American Car & Foundry prefd 88%
300 American Linseed Oil 26%
1.3C0 American Linseed Oil prefd 58%
300 American Smelting & Ref 57%
400 American Smelting & Ref prefd 103
100 American Tobacco '. .138
600 Anaconda Mining Co 43
1.000 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 82V4
1,600 Colorado Fuel & Iron. ...111V4
200 Consolidated Gas 222
800 Continental Tobacco 6S\4
Continental Tobacco prefd 118V4
600 General Electric 260
2C0 Glucose Sugar 60%
800 Hocking Coal /. 23
100 International Paper 23
400 International Paper prefd.. 77U
International Power 95
100 Laclede Gas 87%
S50 National Biscuit 45 |
200 National Lead 22U
200 National Salt 44%
200 National Salt prefd 75
100 North American 102%
Pacific Coast 68
100 Pacific Mail 41
300 People's Gas 11SU
100 Pressed Steel Car 43%
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 85 .
Pullman Palace Car 209
1,000 Republic Steel 21%
1.000 Republic. Steel prefd 75
2.700 Sugar 144%
2.S00 Tennessee Coal & Iron 70
100 Union Bag & Paper Co 16U
100 ITnion Bag & Pa'per Co prefd 72%
625 United States Leather 13%
200 United States Leather prefd 78% I
United States Rubber 21
100 United States Rubber prefd 61
29,343 United States Steel 47%
9,245 United States Steel prefd 08%
700 Western Union 92%
197,500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg...*..107 N Y Cent lsts .104%
U S 2s ref coup. ..107 N J Cent gen 5s.. .132
U S 3s reg, ex Int.. 108 N Pacific 3s 73
U S 3s coup 108% N Pacific 4s 104'i
U S new 4s reg.. ..139 N Y C & St L 4s. 107%
U S new 4s coup. .139 N & W con 4s 102%
U S old 4a reg.. ..112% Or Nav lsts 107
U S old 4s coup. ..112% Or Nav 4s 102%
U S Ss reg 108% Or Short Line 6a ..129%
U S 6s- coup 108% Or S Line con 5s.. 118
Dist of Col 3.65s... 125 Reading Gen 4s.... 97
Atchison sen 4s..,.104Vi R G W lsts 101
Atchison adj 4s.... 9SVi St L & I M con 5s.H7
Canada So 2ds 109 St L & S F gen 6s.l36%
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO7% St Paul cons ..180
Ches & Ohio 5s 119% St P C & P lsts... 120
C & NW con. 7s.. .142% St P C & P 5s 11754
C & NWSFdeb 5s.l22% So Pacific 4s 93
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 94% So Railway 5s 118
Colo Southern 4s.. 89% Stand R & T 6s 62 .
D & R G 4s 101% Tex & Pac lsts.-. ...118%
Erie General 4s.... 8S Tex & Pac 2ds 103
F W & D C lsts.. .106% Union Pacific 43. ..105
Gen Electric 5s.... 200 Wabash lsts 119%
Iowa Central lsts.117% Wabash 2ds 112
L & N Uni 4s. .....102 West Shore 4s 112
M K & T 2ds 86% Wls Cent lsts. 8S%
M K & T 4s 9SV- Va Centuries 94%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 13
Alice 43 Ontario 8 72
Breece 1 DO Ophir So
Brunswick Con 16 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel... 06 Potosi 03
Con Cal & Va 2 15 Savage 07
Deadwood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada 15
Horn Silver 1 S? Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 G3
Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— : Union Pacific .....10S?i
Call loans 3%@4% Union Land ........ 3%
Time loans 4 @4% West End 93
KtocKs — I Westinghouse El... 68
A T &. S F 88 Bonds —
A T & S F prefd.. 104% Atchison 4s ....102
American Sugar.. .144% N E Gas&Coke 5s. 5>>%
Am Sugar prefd... 121 Mining Shares-
Am Telephone I0CV2 Adventure 25
Boston & Albany.. 254 Amalg Copper 123H
Boston Elevated... 1S3 Atlantic 37-i
Boston & Maine.. ..194 Calumet &. Hecla.793
Chgo, Bur & Q....197 Centennial 30
Dominion Coal 39 Franklin 17
Dom Coal prefd.. ..113% Humboldt 25
U S Steel 47% Osceola 92
U S Steel prefd.... 98 V4 Parrot 53
Fltchburg prefd. ..146 Quincy .'.174
General Electric. ..265 Santa Fe Copper... /
N E Gas & Coke.. 7% Tamarack ...343
Old Colony 208 Utah Mining 32%
Old Dominion 318 Winona 1
Rubber 22 Wolverines 69
a — — : — *
CHICAGO. July 2.— Wheat was weak early on
continued declines at Liverpool and on fine
harvesting weather and increasing movement.
There was a complete rally later, however, on
French news, Broomhall reportlng\ that the
crop in France had been injured by the heat
and storms, and private cables announced
France would require eighty to ninety million
bushels of Wheat , from abroad. It was mostly
a local market, with shorts adding to their
lines^ early and buying later on the reaction.
September opened Vsc lower to "c higher at
G5%<565?ic. Between these limits the price held
fairly steady. The low point was touched. at
65?gc. Toward the close a quick advance was
made to 66Hc and the close was firm, and %@
%c higher at 66@66%c.
There was a nervous, active market at the
opening In Corn, with conditions nearly the
reverse of those prevalent yesterday. Showers
over the Corn belt, with reports of no dam
age thus far to the growing grain by heat,
caused a weak opening and considerable long
Corn came out September opened %@MtC to
a shade over a cent lower than yesterday's
close and later the price dropped to 45Uc. " To
ward the close there was a sharp advance o"n
good, commission-house buying, together with
buying by outsiders and the market advanced
to 47%c. closing %@%c higher at 47c.
Oats were active and lower early, recovering
with other grains toward the dose.' Septem
ber closed %c higher 'at 27%c. . ¦ : . ' '
Provisions were dull and heavy on large re
ceipts of hogs. September poric closed 22%c
lower, lard 7%c lower and ribs 5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
The mining and oil exchanges adjourned yes
¦terday afternoon to next Monday morning.
Business was light and featureless all day.
Giant Powder will pay a dividend of 75c on
the 10th. and Alaska Packers' one of 73c on
the 12th.
The California Mutual OH Company has lev
ied an assessment of 10c. delinquent July 5.
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
SCO Lion 12
75 Peerless ' 4 95
4C00 Petroleum Center ort
100 San Joaquln O & D Co 7 «7ii
100 Sterling ~ 1 27^
¦ PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornin~ Session.
Board—
1300 Bear Flae .-. o<?
200 Caribou "" •?*
300 Four * 35
10 Peerless 5 f^
10 Peerless "/.!!* 4 90
10 Peerless "" 4 7-
Street- * "
1C0 Central Point Con 1 go
MINING STOCKS.
Followlns were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Moraine Session.
200 Chollar OC 100 Ophir ri
150 Con Cal & Va..2 2S KO Ophir .... 84
100 Hale & Norcrs. 22 1000 Union Con 17
100 Mexican 23 100 Yellow Jacket.. 07
Afternoon Session.
100 Challenge IX 2tO Ophir rj
175 Con Cal & Va..2 25 200 Sierra NevadaJ* 21
10O Hale & Norcrs. 21 100 Silver Hill " 27
200 Hale & Norcrs. M ...... -1
Following were the sale3 In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia .... S3 20O Mexican 23
300 Chollar C« 500 Ophir 81
100 Con Cal & Va2 22 500 Yellow Jacket 07
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belchr 22 200 Ophir g%
100 Best & Belchr -23 500 Ophir " 83
100 Con Cal & Va 2 25 500 Union Con"" IS
ICO Con Imperial. 02 200 Sierra Nevada 21
500 Mexican 22
?>, < CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, July 2—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid A«-V
Alpha 01 02 Justice . _ £
A Jta 04 t« Kentuck '. 01 03
Andes'.:: 04 K> Lady Wash ot —
Belcher ......... «>9 10 Mexican «2 22
Best & Belcher 23 24 Occidental ... 03 •,!
Ru »l°n 01 CJ Ophir 82 83
Caledonia 37 40 Overman 16 17
Challenge Con.. 17 ts Potcsl 03 ir.
Chollar C6 U Savage 07 If
Confidence r.l 6<s Scorpion _ C4
Con Cal & Va.2 20 2 2» Seg Belcher _ <v>
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 20 21
Con New York. 01 1)2 Silver Hill... 25 »¦»
Crown Point.... Of. 07 St Louis " Ott —
Eureka Con 06 — Standard I J sc 3 7f»
Exchequer _ 02 Syndicate OT. «7
Gould & Curry. 13 1-. Union Con 16 •"
Hale & Norcrs. 19 20 Utah C* -il
Jull » —'• — 0: j Yellow. Jacket*! 07 '
STOCK MARKET. '
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb.- 23@50c per" box;
Asparagus. $1' 75(52 23 for large, $1 25@1 50 per
box for No.'l and 50c@$l for No. 2; Green Peas,
Tomatoes are lower, but the other Vegetables
remain ' about as before. The market is well
supplied with all ¦ descriptions. .
¦ POTATOES— Burbanks, $1 25<?il 75 for Oregon;
New Potatoes. GCclB-U 25 for Burbanks. $1 15@
1 23 I for Garnet Chiles and 80c(g$l for ' Early
Rose, s V ¦ ¦ ¦
ONIONS— New Red, 33<§55c per sack; New
Yellow. S0®ft0c per ctl. -
Potatoes continue to decline, though receipts
are not heavy. '-Red Onions are weaker, a'p:?In.
Potatoes; Onions and Vegetables.
'.SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50® 3; Canary, 2W$
3%c, for Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 2@
2y.c; Hemp, 3%c; Timothy, 6«4c
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60 per ctl. 4
BEANS— Bayos, $2 45@2 60; Small White,. $4 73
@4 90: Large White.. S3 70®3 90; Pink. $140®
1 70; Red, $3@3 23; Blackeye, $3 10(g3 25; Limas,
$6 40; Peas, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
These markets are lifeless and, featureless.
Beans and- Seeds.
Hay continues quiet and prices show no
further change. There Is enough coming in to
fill all current wants, but dealers expeot a
marked increase in arrivals after the Fourth.
All other descriptions under this head remain
unchanged. Bran and Middlings are firm.
BRAN— $17 50@18 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$19 30W21 per. ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 50@17 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; job
bing. $26 50; Cocoanut Cake. $17JZ18; Corn Meal.
$28!S 1 29: Cracked Corn, ?28 50@29 50; Mixed Feed,
$16 50«J17 50. . .
HAY— New is quotable as follows: Wheat.
$8 50@9 50;" choice, $10; Wheat and Oat, $S@9 50;
Oat, $7 50(39; Barley, and Oat, $G 50@8; Alfalfa,
$6<ff8; Clover. $5®6 - per ton: Volunteer, $4@7 50.
STRAW— 25@47%c per bale. „
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family extras. f3 25©
3 60, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15ig"3 23;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 73@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
<@3. ¦
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, i $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal,: $3; ex
tra cream do. $3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy.
$3 75® 4 ; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, - $3 60; Farina, $150; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels),- $6 33@7 85;
in sack*; $6@7 50; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green' Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. ¦ t
Flour and Millstuffs.
Regular morning Session— December— 20OO ctls,
$1 00%: 4coo. $1 01: 20,000, $1 oivi; 24,000, $1 oivi:
26,000. $1 01%. May— 2000. $1 05%.
Afternoon Session— December— 12,000 ctls;
$1 OlVi.
BARLEY— The feeling was rather steadier,
both on and off call, though feed continued
quiet, with light offerings. Dealers continued
to report an active demand for new brewing
for shipment.
Feed, 72Vfc for choice bright, 70@71%c for No.
1 and 67V2@68%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 75@82V2c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informan Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular morning Session— December— 6000
ctls, 67%c; 6000, 68c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS-^The market continues very dull,
though there has been no further decline for
some days. Receipts are light and offerings are
less than they have been. White, $1 35<S1 45;
Surprise. $1 50@l 55; Red, $1 05@l 15; Black,
$1 1001 20 per ctl.
CORN — The almost dally receipts' from the
East keep the market well supplied and as the
demand is not active the feeling Is rather easy.
Prices, however, remain unchanged, being de
pendent upon the Eastern quotations at present.
Small round Yellow, $1 60; Eastern Yellow,
$1 27V£<51 30; White. $1 37Vi: Mixed. $1 27^.
RYE— Continues dull at 75@S0c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — Is quoted at $1 65 per ctl, ex
warehouse.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls..$l OOH: 6000, $1 00%.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, $100%;
10,000, n 00%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
This market made a material ' advance on
call, but shipping quotations showed no change.
Spot wheat— Shipping, 95@96&c; milling, 97&C
@$1 0214 per ctl.
Bolton, de Ruyter & Co.'s telegrams • from
Chicago reported- a steady but dull market,
with continued liquidation In July. Offers . to
France were accepted and one exporter was
short 1.000.0CO bushels of the new crop. Out
siders dumped their long July Wheat. New
Tork reported 200.000 bushels worked for export.
At the same time Spring Wheat conditions
were perfect and new Wheat was freely of
fered to Europe, which depressed the market.
There were copious rains in the Nebraska Corn
belt, and scattering rains in Iowa and Kan
sas.
"WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are quiet and steady
on the spot at 33s 9d, usual options. The char
tered wheat fleet port has a registered tonnage
of 19,000. against 32,590 tons on the same date
last year: disengaged. 6400 tons, against 2618;
on the way to this port, 213, COO tons, against
1S7.S0O.
i WHEAT— Liverpool was depressed, but Paris
advanced. Broomhall cabled serious damage to
the French crop by heat and storms, and said
that estimates of the yield ranged from a
minimum of 240,000,000 bushels to a maximum
of 300,000,000 bushels. The world's supply, ac
cording to Bradstreet's weekly estimate,
showed a decrease of 2,80O,C0O bushels, as fol
lows: East of the Rockies, 2,700,000; Europe
and afloat. 100. 000.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days' — $4 86Vi
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12&
New York Exchange, telegraph.. — 15
Silver, per ounce ;... — 59H
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49% @ 50
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS,
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks l,836[Cran, sks 1,710
FOR TUESDAY. JULY 2.
>ats, ctls 6.06O Vllddlings. sacks. 20
"otatoes. sacks.. 2.613 feather, rolls 131
Beans, sacks 430 Julcksilver. risks 217
;orn. East. ctls.. 600 Raisins boxes.... 3C0
Unions, sacks 50 Hides, bdls 40s
Say. tons 330 D elts. bdls 453
5traw. tons 38 3randy. gals 5 shrt
Wool, sacks 583 Wine, gals 4S.0P«
Bran, sacks 1.7S8 Tallow, ctls ...... 213
Receipts of Produce.
BEEK— 6%@r!>ic for Steers and 6©6%c per Id
for cows.
VEAL— Large, "V4@8c: small, S@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7S8c; Ewes, 7@7%o per
pound.
LAMB — Spring. 8%@9c per pound.
PORK — Live Hoes. 200- lbs and under, e^c;
over 200 lbs. 6c; feeders, : eows. 20 per cent
off, boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs.
7^@9^c
There Is no change whatever In any descrip
tion. The demand and supply about balance.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follow*:
San Francisco Meat Market.
Nicaragua— ll%@14c for prime to fancy
washed: 9© lie for fair to strictly good washed:
7%®8c for good to superior unwashed; 8%S9*i<J
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— UVi<314Vic for prime
to fancy washed; lQii@10*ic for strictly good
washed; 9%@10c for good washed: 8'g9Hc for
fair washed; 7V4@7%c- for medium; 5H@7c for
inferior to ordinary: 10>.2@12c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 9@9%c nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry: 7&SSUc nominal for
good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 2S@32c per lb: Sola
Leather, medium, 2C.@30c: Sole Leather, light.
25323c; Rough Leather, heavy, 27@2Sc; Rough
Leather, light, 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
3S@33c for No. 1 and 30@33c for No. 2; Harness
Leather, medium. 30® 37c: Harness Leather,
light, 29@35c; Skirting. 36@40c; Collar Leather.
W16C per foot; Kip, unfinished. 40@50c per lb;
Veal, finished, lC©17c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits, 14#16c; Rough Splits, 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $26©2S per ton; Stick.
$lSig-2O per cord.
OILS— Linseed is very firm at the sharp ad
vance of Monday. California Castor Oil, in
cases. No. 1, 73c: pure. $1 30; Linseed OH, In
barrels, boiled, 89c; raw, 87c; cases, 6c more;
Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels. 80c;
cases, 85c; China Nut, E3@63c per gallon: purs
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, 63c; cases. 70c: Sperm,
pure. 65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 37%@42Ho
per gallon: Fish Oil, In barrels, 35c; cases, 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
12%c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 18%c; Astral. 18%c;
Star. 18%c: Extra Star. 22%c; Elaine. 23^«c;
Eocene, 20%c; deodorized stove gasoline, in
bulk, 13c; in cases, 21c; Benzine, In bulk, 14c;
in cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c;
In cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon In cases and
52c in drums or iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%@
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7@7%ic according to'
quantity.
1 SALT— H. R. H. is quoted at 521 per ton in
large sacks and $22 In 50" a. Liverpool Is
quoted at $19 25@20 for the best and $1S@1S 60
for lower grades. Hfgglns', $27 50(530 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $46 60@47 50 per flask . for
local use and $44^43 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 10O-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.25c; Powdered, 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.83c: Dry Granulated, 5.75c: Confec
tioners' A, 5.73c: Fruit Granulated. 5.73c; Mag
nolia A. 5.35c; Extra C. 5.25c; Golden C, 6.15c:
barrels, 10c more: half-barrels. 23c more; box
es, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Dominos. half-barrels, 6.50c; boxes. 8.70c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. $lS919c: extra sizes, higher;
Redwood. $18@13: Lath. 4 feet. S3 90@4; Pickets.
$20; Shingles, $2 for common and $3 75 for
fancy; Shakes, $13 for split and $14 for sawn;
Rustic. $23^29.
Salvador— HQW^g for strictly prime washed:
»®ll%c for good to prime washed: 808%c for
fair washed ; 10%@12c for good to prime washed
peaberry: 8%S9c for good 'to prime semi
washed: 8%@S%c for superior unwashed; 7%<S8o
for good green unwashed; SHQS'^c for good to
superior unwashed peaberry; S@7^c for com
mnn to ordinary.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14@14%c for strictly
prime to fancy washed: llVa@13^aC for prlma
washed; 10% ©lie for good washed; ll@12%4c for
good to prims washed peaberry; 10@10Vic for
good to prime peaberry; 9%@13%e for good to
prime; 8 J A@9c for fair; «@7%c for common to
ordinary.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 5Uc:
cases, regular. 5%c; cases, extra large. 6c;
cases, Eastern style, 6%c; boneless, 7%c; Nor
way. 7&c; Narrow Guage, 7V»c; Silver King. 8c:
blocks. Oriental. 7c; blocks. Seabright, 7^4c;
tablets. 8c; middles. Golden State, 7%c; mid
dles, "White Seal, 8%c; 6-lb boxes, fancy bone
less, 9c; 2-lb boxes, fancy boneless, "Vic: desic
cated Gilt Edge, per dozen, 75c; pickled cod,
barrels. $7 75; pickled cod, half-barrels, $4 73.
CORDAGE— The local cordage company quotes
as follows: Pure Manila. 12»/ic per lb; Sisal size.
9V4c; Bale Rope. 9c; Duplex, 8'^c. Terms, 60
days, or l^i per cent cash discount. Lots of
10.000 lbs. lc less.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit Can
ners quote as follows, in 2Vi-lb tins: Apples,
$1 15@1 55; Apricots. $1@1 50; Cherries, black.
$1 5(Xg2; do. white. $1 5C@2: do. Royal Anne. $1 60
@215; Peaches, yellow, $12C(gI65; do, Lemon
Cling. $13C@173: Bartlett Pears. $125@173;
Plums, 90c©$l 23; Nectarines, $1@1 50: Muscat
Grapes, 93c@$135; Quinces, $110@155: Straw
berries, $1300173; Raspberries. $1 55@2; Black
berries, $1 30@l 60.
COAlr-WelHngton. $3 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $6 £0: Coos Bay,
J5 50: Wallsend. $3; Co-operative Wallsend. $U;
Cumberland. $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Cannel, $10
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 43 per
20C0 lbs and $3 50 per ton. according to brand.
Grain Bags, 7%SSc; local make, less than
Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32@33c; Fleece Twine. IVa
©Sc; Fruit Bags, 5%@6c fur cotton and 8H<S3?*o
for Jute.
' GRAIN BAGS— Calcuttas continue firm at the
advance. - San 1 Quentin Bags, $7 65; Calcutta
General Merchandise.
WOOL— Sprinsr. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 14@13!ic: do. Lambs', lie per lb;
Northern, free. 12Iifl3c: defective. 9@llc; Mid
dle County, free, 10<§llc; do defective, 8@10c-
Southern. 12 months, 8@9c; Southern, free. 7
months. 7(0 10c: do, defective, 7 months, 7@8c;
Oregon Valley, fine, 14S13c: do, -medium and
coarse, ll@13c; Oregon, Eastern, choice, ll@13c
do. fair good. 9®llc; Nevada, 10@ll%c.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb. .
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
Wool dealers report a good demand for the
finer grades, all others being neglected. Sev
eral descriptions show a small advance.
There Is nothing doing in Hops for the rea
son frequently mentioned of late.
There Is a good demand for the better class
of Hides, both salt and dry. and previous quo
tations are generally maintained.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. I<n4c: medium. 9@9V4c; light, SVi@9c;
Cow Hides. SH^c for heavy and 8@8^c for
light- Stags 6',4c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal,
9VK<xl0c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16£1S^ C ;
Culls, 13^@14c: Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf. 16%@
17c: Cxills and Brands. 13@14c; Shtepsktns.
shearlings. 15@30c each; short Wool. 30@Mc
each: medium. 60@75c; lonsr Wool. SOcfril each;
Horse Hides, ealt. $2 50(82 75 for large and $2 23
for medium; $1 50®l 75 for small and 50c for
Colts: Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 50 for
medium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins. 35c: fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth,
60c; medium, 33c.
TALLOW-No. 1 rendered. 4%®4%c per lb;
choice, 5c; No. 2. 3',4iS4c: grease. 2@2%c.
The market rules firm In sympathy with
strong Eastern markets, but prices show no
further advance. .The demand is quiet, as
usual in midsummer.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium. 13%c for light, 14^c for
extra light and 15^c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%@14c: California Hams.
13c;- Mess Beef. $12 per bbl: extra Mess, $12 50;
Family $13 50: prime Mess Pork. $15; extra
clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef. 13&@14c
Pe LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and lOVic for pure: half-barrels, pure.
10%c; 10-lb tins. UUc; 5-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE-One half-barrel, 0%c; three
half-barrels, O^c: one tierce, 9!4c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, STsc per lb.
Provisions.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers" Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy,- 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached • Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10'4c per lb;
choice, 9 We; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, Sc; Seedless, 50-lb boxes.
6Hc; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown. 6%c; 2-crown, 6c;
Pacific brand— 2-crown. '5c; 3-crown, 5',ic, and
4-crown, 5}~c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5 l Ac; Lon
don Layers. 2-crown, $150 per box; 3-crown,
$160; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Im
perials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
pins »>oints in California.
NUTSV Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, Il@H«Jc;
No 2. 8@3%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c: No. 2,
6Mi@"V2c; Almonds, 13<pi4c for paper-shell. 10
©lie for softshell and 5©6c for hardshell: Pea
nuts. 5® 6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. ll@ll%c:
Filberts, 12@12V4c; Pecans, 11® 13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50@5. • " I
HONET-Comb, 10@llc for bright and 9@9>ic
for light amber; water white extracted. 5®5}jc;
light amber extracted. 4@4%c;- dark, 3%c.
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb.
PRUNES-4 sizes, 3c; 43-50s, 6*ic; 50-60s, 4!ic;
60-703. 3%c; 70-SOs. SUc; 3D-90s, 2%c; 90-100s. 2&c;
100-120s. l%c.
FRUITS— Apricots, 8@9c for new; Evaporat
ed Apples, 5>4@Sc; sun dried, U4®2}4c: Peaches.
3%@4c for standard. 4 1 / £@5l£c for choice and
6'S6Hc for fancy: Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted.
3@4c; unpltted, %@l%c; Nectarjnes, 434&C for
red and 4 ft 5c for white.
Honey is freely offered but the demand is
slack. Nuts and Raisins are quiet and fea
tureless. Apricots are firm and in steady de
mand, and still higher prices are possible.
New Peaches and Apples are not yet mention
ed, but they will soon be. There is nothing
new in Prunes. It is now admitted that the
crop will be light, both here and in France,
and the trade say that were it not for the un
fortunate muddle in the market we would
probably have a brisk and good market this
fall. At present nobody ventures to foretell
the future one way or the -other. One thing
is tolerably certain — the i small and poor
Prunes which comprise the carry-over stock
will not be accepted by foreign buyers. .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 75c@$2;
Seedlings. 50c@$l 25: Mediterranean Sweets. 50<3
@I1 50; Valencias. Sl@2 50; Lemons. 75c@$l 25
for common and' $1 50@2 50 for -good to choice;
Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mexican Limes, $8@7;
Bananas. $1@2 per bunch for New Orleans and
75c3$2 for Honolulu; Pineapples, $1 50@2 50 per
dozen.
GRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona, $1 73 per
crate; Fontainebleau, from Vacaville, $1 50 per
box.
PLUMS— 15@40c per box and 15@30c per bas
ket; Prunes. 25® 60c per crate and 20@30c per
basket; Plums in bulk, $10 per ton.
PEACHES— 15@50c per box and 15@30c pet
basket for early common and 50c per box and
basket for Crawfords.
NECTARINES — "White, 50c@?l per box.
PEARS— Dearborn Seedlings, 40@75c per box:
Bartletts. EScffiJl 25 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3 50@5 per chest for Long
worths and $3S5 for large berries.
LOGAN BERRIES— $536 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— ?3@4 per chest. *
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
CURRANTS— $3 ECS6 per chest.
FIGS— Black, 25@50c per box for single and
40c®$l for double layers; White, 50c.
MELONS — Watermelons from Indlo, per
dozen; Nutmegs from Tuma, $1@3 per crate;
from Indio, in large crates, .
APRICOT&-25@50c per box, 35@60c per crate
and 10@30c per basket; in bulk, 15@15 per ton
for small and $20@25 for large.
CHERRIES— 60@75c for black and 73c@$l for
Royal Anne.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS,
APPLES— Cold storage, old, $125@2 50 per box:
new, 35c@$l per large box and 15@23c.per bas
ket. . /
Limes are still higher and getting scarce.
Lemons and Oranges are in ample supply and
unchanged.
Summer fruits continue to show the effects
of heat, being soft and sunburned. Prices, how
ever, are not materially changed, and have been
remarkably stationary for a week. Apricots in
bulk have a very wide range, say from $5Q15
per ton for small and scabby up to $20(925 for
good to choice large fruit. Figs maintain the
advance noted at the beginning of the week,
supplies being somewhat lighter, though there
is no scarcity. Melons and Grapes are not mak
ing much show as yet. There are plenty of
Apples, Plums and Peaches on the market, but
Pear3 are rather shy. Cherries are hardly seen
now. ¦ . Berries continue cheap.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
65c@Sl per sack; String Beans, !@3c; Cab
bage, 40@60c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Los An
geles, ' 75c<8W 25; from Winters, 75c<3$l;. Rivers,
in large boxes. $17502 25; Dried Peppers. 120
18c; Dry Okra. -15@20c per lb; Carrots. 25@35c
per sack; Marysvllle Cucumbers. 50® 60c per
boi; Winters, ; Bay. $1 25@1 50: Garlic,
2@3c; Green Peppers. 6@20c per lb; Egg Plant,
6«?9c per lb; Green Corn, 60c@51 25 per sack;
Bay do, $1@1 50 per crate; Summer Squash,
large boxes, 35@5Cc ' _V -:.-*
Poultry and Game.
Prices for Poultry have shown little varia
tion for several weeks. . Good large young
Roosters continue . to sell well at the high
prices, but everything else on the list is weak
and dull.
One car of Eastern came In, making two thus
far this week.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, S@10c for Gobblers
and 8@10c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@1 25;
Goslings. $1@1 25; Ducks, $2 50@3 50 for old and
$3 50@4 for young; Hens, $3@4 50; young Roost
ers. $C<37 50; old Roosters. $3@4; Fryers. $4©
4 50; Broilers $3@4 for large and |2@2 50 for
small: Pigeons. $1 E0@l 75 per dozen for old and
$1 50(31 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare $1 50; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontail and $1 25 for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The depression, In Eggs continues, and quota
tions are slightly lower in ¦ the open market.
Even 'the best ranch are dragging. Supplies
are too large for the poor midsummer demand.
Stocks of Butter are not as heavy as they
were, but the reduction is mainly due to the
liberal storing which has been going on, so In
reality the goods are still on the market Just
the came. Large quantities are arriving soft
and otherwise in poor condition, owing to the
recent hot spell.
Cheese has not changed for some little time.
Receipts were 46,500 pounds and 150 tubs of
Butter. 973 cases of Eggs, 3S5 cases Eastern
Eggs, 6150 pounds of California Cheese and 9C00
pounds Oregon Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery, 17%@18c per lb for fancy
and 16H@17c for seconds; dairy, 14@16%c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 8@9c; old, nominal; Young
Americas, 9@10c per lb. . - •
EGGS— Ranch, 15®17o for good to fancy; Btore,
12H@14c ser dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds,
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, 13c.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 8c; choice, 7%c;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 9c; East
ern, full cream, 14316c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected white, 15c; mixed
colors, 14c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 13%c; standard,
12%c; seconds, — — .
Eastern— Standard, 14c per dozen.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed new,
4s l%d; do old, 4s 3d. Futures— Quiet; July, 4s
lid; September, 4s %d; October, 4s l^d.
tana, fine medium and fine, 13(gl4c: scoured, 40
@42c; ¦ staple, 14@15c; - scoured, i 44 @ 43c. Utah,
Wyoming and Idaho— Fine medium and fine, 13
@14c; scoured, 40@42c; staple, 14@14&c; scoured,
43@44c. • ¦ . ¦ ¦;-.. •-..«¦*¦--
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices — Comb-
Ing superfine, 71® 72c; good, 6S<2>70c; average,
65(3>67c. .'
' London Wool Sales.
LONDON, July 2.— The fourth series of wool
auction sales opened to-day with offerings of
13,042 bales. The selection was not good, cross
breds and medium Merinos predominating.
Competition was unsatisfactory and there was
considerable hesitation until holders met this
new demand by accepting 5 to 15 per cent below
the May average. Thereafter the bidding was
spirited and most of the offerings were sold.
American buyers secured a few good lines of
crossbreds. •..¦•¦
Nnv York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. July 2.— Pronounced wcaicnesr
In ¦ the : tone of "the metal market, with free
offerings and an absence of substantial dnmand
here, caused the market to ease off generally.
At the close the feeling was heavy, with lower
prices crobable to-morrow.' barrlnsr more
marKed Improvement abroad. Private cables
attributed London's weakness to large offer-
Ings from all primary points, offset ro some
extent by stubbornly held spot tin. The mar
ket for tin closed weak at $27 70 bid and J28 10
asked, S Piglron warrants were very dull, with
S9 50 bid and $10 asked. Lake copper was -very
dull, with the flat price $17. Lead was un
changed at {4 37}4, while .spelter ruled very
dull, with $3 SO bid and $3 95 asked.
Tin futures in London lost £2. Spot tin.
in that market, however, closed net 10s hlghjr.
Copper declined lls 3d to the lowest figures of
the year thus far. Lead declined Is '3d, whila
Iron was dull and lower abroad. Mlddlesboro
closed at 44a 7%d, while Glasgow reported 51s
lid.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, July 2.— Clearings. $492,849; bal
ances, $136,241.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 2.— Wheat— 'Walla Walla,
66%c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 2.— Wheat quiet and un
changed; bluest em. 67V4c; club, 56%c. • s
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, July 2.-i-Consols, 93V4. Silver, ZVA&.
French rentes, lOOf 70c. Cargoes on passage,
buyers indifferent operators; No. 1 Standard
California, 29s; cargoes Walla Walla, 28s 71£d;
Knglish country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, July 2.— WHEAT— Quiet ; No. 1
Standard California, 5s 9d@5s 9%d; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour in paris, firm; French coun
try markets, firmer; weather in England, over-
C< c6tTON— Uplands, 4 23-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 2 red Western win
ter. 5s 7d; No. 1 Northern spring, 5s 6%d; No. 1
California, 6s 9V4d. Futures— Steady; Septem
ber, 5s 5%d; December, 5s 6%d.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO; VAIAs, WEDNESDAY, JULY 3. 1901;
¦ California dried f rutts : were dull and not
quotably higher. : Prunes, ¦ 2%@6%c per pound
aa to size and quality. ¦ • -
APRICOTS-Roya!, 8@12c; Moorpark. 7%@12c
PEACHES— Peeled, U@18c; unpeeled, 6@10c.
Chicago Gra in ' Market.
" Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18.000 -10,000
¦Wheat, bushels. 127,000 27,000
Corn, bushels 196,000 200,000
Oats, bushels 197,000 372,000
Rye. bushels 3.000
Barley, bushel3 13,000
PARIS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
8
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Grain and Produce.
Articles— Open." High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 64% 64% 64 64%
September 65%- 66Vk 65% 66%
December , 67% 68 67«4 68
Corn No. 2—
July .44 45% > 43% 45%
September 45%' 47% 45% 47
December .. 44V4 45% 44 45%
Oats No. 2—
July .....:.......... 27 27# 26% .. 27%
September 27% 27% 26% . 27%
May 29% 8<H4 29% . 30%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July .....14 40 1445 14 27^ 14 37^
September 14 70 14 70 14 45 14 52^4
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 8 55 - — . 8 55
September .7....... 8 62% 8 62& 8 65 8 60
October 8 60- 8 62& '8 55 8 60
f Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
July 7 97Vi 8 00 7 97tf 7 97^
September 8 10, 8 10 8 05 8 07>/j
October 8 00 8 00 7 95 8 00
STATIONS.
P
3
K S C
Sg :?= S3
ffff<§
* t >
: 05
g =
&S,
re
•1
•3
Astoria 20.06 fiO £2 BW ¦ Pt Cldy .01
Bcker 2>.'« W <8 W Rain T.
Carson 29.M 71 C4 PIT Clear .03
Fresno 23.86 »'S6 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.34 S2 60 BW Clear .00
Focatello. Idaho.29.54 99 C2 \V Clear .00
I,os Aneeles 2S.92 74 6D SW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.CS IOC SO NAV Clear T.
Portland 30.02 «2 52 AV ' Cloudy .03
lied Bluff 29. SS 72 56 S Clear .00
Roseburg S0.O8 CO DO NE Cloudy .14
Sacramento 23.92 76 52 SW Clear .03
Salt Lake 29.f.8 94 72 S Clear .00
Pan Francisco ..30.04 60 48 TV - Clear '¦ ".Oft
Ban Luis Oblspo.30.00 70 54 W Clear . .00
San THego 29.92 66 W W
Seattle* 29.98 68 52 W
Spokane 29.76 80 54 SW
N'eah Bay 30.02 60 60 SW
IValla Walla ....29.78 74 54 SW
SVinnemucca 29.64 82 54 W
ruma 29.68 106 72 SW
Clear
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Clear
Clear
.00
.02
T.
.03
.00
.00
.00
e
STATIONS.
£^
tn 8i **3
3 5" 3 3 <;S
: | : 3 |S
1°
§1
i
?an Jose 71 55 NW Clear
Sollister 74 41 Clear
'alermo Si 65 S Clear
5anta Maria 71 60 Clear
Centura 72 &5 Clear
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
STATIONS.
P
3
K S C
Sg :?= S3
ffff<§
* t >
: 05
g =
&S,
re
•1
•3
Astoria 20.06 fiO £2 BW ¦ Pt Cldy .01
Bcker 2>.'« W <8 W Rain T.
Carson 29.M 71 C4 PIT Clear .03
Fresno 23.86 »'S6 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.34 S2 60 BW Clear .00
Focatello. Idaho.29.54 99 C2 \V Clear .00
I,os Aneeles 2S.92 74 6D SW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.CS IOC SO NAV Clear T.
Portland 30.02 «2 52 AV ' Cloudy .03
lied Bluff 29. SS 72 56 S Clear .00
Roseburg S0.O8 CO DO NE Cloudy .14
Sacramento 23.92 76 52 SW Clear .03
Salt Lake 29.f.8 94 72 S Clear .00
Pan Francisco ..30.04 60 48 TV - Clear '¦ ".Oft
Ban Luis Oblspo.30.00 70 54 W Clear . .00
San THego 29.92 66 W W
Seattle* 29.98 68 52 W
Spokane 29.76 80 54 SW
N'eah Bay 30.02 60 60 SW
IValla Walla ....29.78 74 54 SW
SVinnemucca 29.64 82 54 W
ruma 29.68 106 72 SW
Clear
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Clear
Clear
.00
.02
T.
.03
.00
.00
.00
e
STATIONS.
£^
tn 8i **3
3 5" 3 3 <;S
: | : 3 |S
1°
§1
i
?an Jose 71 55 NW Clear
Sollister 74 41 Clear
'alermo Si 65 S Clear
5anta Maria 71 60 Clear
Centura 72 &5 Clear
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
Articles— Open." High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 64% 64% 64 64%
September 65%- 66Vk 65% 66%
December , 67% 68 67«4 68
Corn No. 2—
July .44 45% > 43% 45%
September 45%' 47% 45% 47
December .. 44V4 45% 44 45%
Oats No. 2—
July .....:.......... 27 27# 26% .. 27%
September 27% 27% 26% . 27%
May 29% 8<H4 29% . 30%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July .....14 40 1445 14 27^ 14 37^
September 14 70 14 70 14 45 14 52^4
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 8 55 - — . 8 55
September .7....... 8 62% 8 62& 8 65 8 60
October 8 60- 8 62& '8 55 8 60
f Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
July 7 97Vi 8 00 7 97tf 7 97^
September 8 10, 8 10 8 05 8 07>/j
October 8 00 8 00 7 95 8 00
AUCTION SALES
fc* AUCTION SALE. £as
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st., 1^«<Jne»-
<Jay. July 3. 1901, at 11 a, m.. I will nell all ths
Horses. Carriages. Buggies and Harness be-
longing to the estate of Thomas Enrlgbt. aa-
ceaaed J. J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.Incident to the Fourth.
Last night Robert Klernan, 426V& Tenth
street, shot himself, in the hand with "a
charge of powder from ¦. a toy pistol and
was treated at the Receiving* Hospital
Charles Giller of 501'^ Birch avenue was
burned - by a roman candle and also , re
ceived treatment. "
Painter Falls to His Death.
Edward Maloney. a painter, lost his
balance and fell from a~ porch yesterday
while painting the side of a house on Liz
zie street and was fatally injured. He
was removed at once to his home, 81 Man
chester street, where he died shortly after
midnight
Colored Man j Dies [ Suddenly.
. An unknown colored man about 65 years
old,, was found : unconscious last' night on
the crrner of ¦ StocKton and Washington
streets and sent to the Emergency Hos
pital. He died at 10:45 and his: body was
sent to the *Morgue. Papers .were found
on . his person, but nothing to make his
Denman Wants His Fee.
William Denman, son of School Director
Denman, who was employed by the Board
of Education: to 'defend : it in a 'suit
brought by Deputy School Superintendent
Kingsbury, notified Auditor: Wells - yes
terdayto hold out $50Q in the schoolfund
to pay his . fee. v . The demand > Is now in
the hands of Superintendent Webster, who
is inquiring: whether Denmark's "employ
ment was legal. ¦ The attorney Intends to
bring suit for. the recovery of the fee.
Schooner C. T. Hill in Danger.
The schooner C. T. Hill, which sailed
from this port yesterday, while beating
about in the prevailing northwest wind
got too close to the shore -and in conse
quence had to cast anchor, on the west
sld« of Bakers Beach. She sent a re
quest to the life-saving station for assist
ance and a boat was dispatched to the
scene. She is but. a ship's length, from
the ehore, and it is feared that she may
be washed upon the rocks. ¦
Mooser Appointed City Architect.
I The. Board of Public works yesterday
appointed William Mooser to be . City Ar-:
chitect a t a' salary - of $250 j per month.
Mooser has heretofore been architect of
the board at a salary of $100 per month,
, but did *. not devote, V all his time to the
duties of ; the* office. With the increased
; salary he will have. his; pfflce. hours from
I 8:30 a. m. until .5 p. m., as -the charter
i-provides. v '- ;-/•;. ¦ . ', >',- ¦'¦¦- : , '.
Army Men to j Be Examined.
WASHINGTON, July 2.— Secretary Root
expects to have all the candidates for first
and second lieutenants in the regular
army ordered for examination before the
President leaves for Canton. , ». .;.-¦
Lightning : Kills Former Lawmaker.
SAGINAW. Mich., July 2.— Colonei
George Davenport, a.former State Sen
ator and one of the rrjost prominent men
in this section of the State, was killed by
lightning to-dav. -. ; v
Husband Against Wife.
The unusual spectacle of a husband ask
ing- permission to testify against his wife's
character was witnessed in Judge Con-
Ian 1 s court yesterday. Nita Paullet, an
actress, was charged with stealing: a gold
ring valued at $8 from John Van Brunt,
227 Sixth street, with whom she had been
contorting. The woman's husband was
in court and told the Judge that when the
cat? was tried he wanted to testify as to
his wife's bad character and would bring:
other witnesses to testify to the same ef
fect The Judge continued the case till
Friday.
Railroad Officials in Conference.
OMAHA. July 2.— The conference of rail
way auditors connected with the Harri
man interests, which began yesterday,
continued to-day at the office of Erastus
Young, general auditor of the Union'Pa
cific system. The entire auditing staff of
the Southern Pacific road is Mere and to
gether with similar officials of the Union
Pacific is making an exhaustive study of
all the auditing departments. The 'ticket,
freight and disbursement offices are being
taken up separately and the systems of
auditing the accounts of both roads are
to be made uniform, in order that the big
systems may work more in harmony. ;
Weinhold's Bonds Raised.
The case of G- O. Wejnhold, ex-salqon
keeper, Lyon and Lombard streets,
charged with selling liquor without a li
cense, was called in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday., At flrs.t Weinhpld said he was
not ready 'to proceed, but finally con
sented to go on. While the first witness
for the prosecution was testifying Weln
hoid demanded a f. trial by jury ; and > tho
Judge deemed .hia manner , so offensive
that he increased his bonds from; $100 to
$500 and ordered him into custody. He
was soon released" on' the Increased bond.
Weinhold was convicted about two weeks
ago ; by Judge Cabaniss, but '¦ on his
promise not to: violate 'the law. again -he
was let off with the light fine of $30.
Stumbaugh Waives Examination.
Eugene Stumbaugh, wanted in-,Wilhur
ton, Indian Territory, for the murder of
Mike > Marshall, April : 6 of this year,
waived examination yesterday and was
held for trial. He will be taken to Indian
Territory' in a few days by a Deputy
United States' Marshal Stumbaugh" and
two friends got into a shooting affray
with another ;cang, and when. the smoke
of their revolvers cleared away Marshall
was found on the floor of the saloon dead.
Cuts Oft 3>Irs. Wood's Allowance.
In settling the account of Mrs. Abbie
Rot=e Wood and Martha \V. Wood as ex
ocutrices of the will of the late Joseph
XL Wood. Judge Troutt yesterday morn-
Ing disallowed items amounting to $5643 05.
Judge Troutt held that Mrs. Wood's al
lowance to herself as the widow of the
deceased should not be allowed, inasmuch
as be. had decreed that her marriage to
Wood in Nevada within twelve months
from the date of her divorce from her
former husband was illegal. An appeal
from Judge Troutt's former decision is
tiow under conrideration by the Supreme
Court.
Accused Policemen Acquitted. <
Charges a_gainst three police officers,
heard by the" Board of Police Commission
ers last night, were dismissed and th<3 ac
cused men went qn. their way rejoicing.
Officer Patrick Butler, accused by Lieu
tenant Mooney and Sergeant Mahoney of
having reported off duty in an intoxicated
condition, was honorably acquitted. In
spite of Mooney's and Mahoney's state
ments, many officers and citizens testified
as to the man's sobriety and he was ql
lowed to go, even beforehis witnesses had
all appeared. .;
Officer James Hayden, charged by one
"indignant" citizen of having made an un
jupt detention' for- drunkenness. ¦' was
found to have acted with" discretion and
within the, bounds of his duty..
Charges against Officer Lord, who re
ported late for duty, were dismissed on
account of his excellent record : and \ipon
the presentation of a good ¦ ''cause. : .
HOTEL GUESTS HURRY
FROM FURIOUS FLAMES
Men and Women Have Narrow Es
cape From Death in West
Virginia Town.
HUNTINGTON, W. Va.. July 2.— A fire
raged in the heart of this city from 11
o'clock this morning until 5 o'clock this
afternoon, resulting in a loss of $200,000.
The flames started in the Adelphi Hotel
from an electric wire on ¦ the fifth floor
and had gained great headway before be
ing discovered. The hotel was crowded
with guests, many of whom were women.
Of these a number fainted when the
alarm of fire rang through the halls, and
it was with great difficulty that they were
removed from the building.
There was not a gallon of water in the
city reservoirs when the fire hroke out,
and all the fire engines in the city were
out. of repair. Rapidly the flames spread
and soon half a dozen residences were
ablaze. The brick annex to the Adelphi
Hotel, on the opposite side of the square,
aleo caught fire and waa destroyed. A
livery stable and a number of private of
fices, fruit stores, barber shops and dozens
of smaller structures were burned.
WILL GIVE TESTIMONIAL
..TO DOMINICAN SISTERS
The parishioners of the Sacred Heart
Parish and the graduates of St. Dominic's
Convent will give a magnificent testi
monial-to-night at Native Sons' Hall to
the Dominican Sisters. A well prepared
programme of musical and literary selec
tions will be rendered- The committees
who have charge of the testimonial have
worked with commendable diligence and
were aided in their efforts by the people
of the parish and the Sisters' friends
throughout the city. Th» very best of tal
ent has gratuitously volunteered Us ser
vices. .
The members Of Company D., League of
the Cross Cadets, in uniform -will act as
ushers. They 'will be ably assisted by -the
young lady graduates of the convent, at
tired in evening dress. A large crowd is
expected and everything possible will be
done, to contribute to its comfort and
amusement. ' ; . r
Sleeting of Mission Federated Clubs.
The Mission Federated Improvement
<"iub met at Asmuspen's Hall on Rhode
Is-Iand street last night. The business
transacted was of a varied character. There
v.as a lengthy discussion relative to the
<1 1 fudging of Islais Creek. A committee
was appointed to confer with the Liquor
Dealers' Association with the object of
convincing that body that the federation,
ap an organization, is not antagonistic to
the liquor business. The committee con
t-ifte of C. E. Talmage, "VV. L. Coles and
V. E. Dubois.
. Ouptav Schnee offered a resolution com
mending the action of Commissioner A.
B. Maguire of the J3oard of Public Works
for his oxertjons in securing from the
Board of Supervisors $15,000 for the Im
provement of Mission road.
The following members were placed in
nomination for the offices of the feder
ation: President G. H. Roundy: vice
presidents, Peter Stolberg and Gustav
Schnee; secretary, W. E Dubois; corre
sponding secretary. C. E. Talmage. The
will be held at the next regular
meeting.
Mechanics' Institute Trustees Meer.
The board of trustees of the' Mechanics'
Institute held its regular meeting last
night. President iryinJS In the chair. There
was little business of interest transacted.
The -report of t'j e librarian showed that
during the mont )'. of June there had bnen
a' marked increase in the number of vol
umes ' taken from the library,! The in
crease was upon an average 200 volumes
per day greater I nan had been taken out
during January <\f this year. The largest
number of book I taken out in one day
during the montii was 1007, an unprece
deritod:figure.' There has been a large In
crease in circulating volume outside of
works of fiction. The librarian also
touched upon the monthly bulletin service
lately begun. In this connection it was
stated that the July bulletin would con
tain a most elaborate series of clippings
upon the subject, of petroleum and its
product, concerning which great Interest
has been shown by members of the insti
tute:' -. v ; . '; -. , ' - ' . ' :.
Hawaiian > Lawmakers
Declare Against the
Proposition.
HONOLULU, H. T., June 26.— The
House of Representatives yesterday
adopted and sent to the Senate a concur
rent resolution opposing the annexation of
Hawaii to Cairfornia. The resolution was
a result of recent newspaper discussions
of the advisability of joining the islands
to California, President David Starr Jor
dan of Stanford University having de
clared himself in favor of so doing.' The
resolution declared such action to be
"contrary to the rights of the citizens of
Hawaii."
It was stated by some, of the representa
tives that Circuit Judge Humphreys, who
is now in California, had gone there to
act in favor of the plan, and the Home
Rulers were quite worked up ' over the
proposition. They all voted in favor of
the resolution opposing such annexation.
The resolution, it is stated, will pass in
the Senate.
¦Acting Governor Cooper has received a
letter from Governor Dole, who Is on the
island of Hawaii, stating that he is much
improved in health as a result of hia
outing. The Governor will be away' from
Honolulu for about a month more, after
which he is expected to return and re
sume his office. Some of the Honolulu
and Hilo papers continue to hold to the
report that he has resigned, In spite pf his
denial.
United States Judge Bstee this morning
intimated that he would not admit to citi
zenship in the United States a native of
the island of Guam. The applicant was
a man named Ooomanche, who has been
a resident of Hawaii for many j years.
Judge Estee had several other cases be
fore him and did not decide the matter,
but, he intimated that it was his opinion
that the court could not grant citizenship
in such a case, the only Polynesians ad
mitted to citizenship being the Hawaiians
admitted by act of Congress. .
The Iwilei stockade has been closed by
order of Acting (jovernor Cooper. He
decided that the. place, which had been
running by consent of and under the pro
tection of the authorities, was conducted
in violation of the Edmunds act, and he
ordered the police to close it. Governor
Dole had allowed the place to remain as it
was for many months, in spite of a vig
orous fight against it; There is strong op
position to Cooper's action, and it • is
thought by many that the breaking up of
the establishment will have a bad effect
morally. Members of the Legislature are
signing a protest against the"" action* of
the Acting Governor. " '•
• Treasurer Wright is preparing to en
force the new income tax law, which goes
into effect on the 1st of next month. It
imposes a tax of 2 per cent on all incomes
over $1000. the sum of $1000 being exempt.
The law is claimed by some to be uncon
stitutional, and it will probably soon be
tested in the courts.
The Oceanic steamship Zealandla, which
left here for San Francisco on the 22d
returned to port on the 23d, having been
unable to continue her journey on account
of leaks in her boilers.
OPPOSE PLAN
OF ANNEXATION
YACHT COMET SAVES
CHTCTAiMAN FROM DEATH
A party aboard the yacht Comet saved a
Chinaman from death by .drowning in the
tapper bay" on Sunday afternoon. The
yacht, which was in charge of Captain
Frank Raymond, one of its owners, was
sailing along the Marin shore. When
about midway between San Quentin and
El Campd the Chinaman, who was in A
small skiff, passed along frantically cry r
ing for help- The bay was very choppy
and he was unable to make shore. The
small boat was rapidly filling with water
and in imminent danger of sinking.
| Raymond put his yacht about and suc
ceeded in. getting a line to the Chinaman
and he was soon on board, where 'he was
"dried out." His boat was in a water
logged condition, but it was towed along
by the yacht and finally beached on El
CaitiDO shore. --¦¦¦ ¦¦ ¦•.,¦: ¦: ¦ *
The Chinaman was exhausted with his
efforts to beat against the tide and heavy
gale which prevailed, but he soon recov
ered. He said that two yachts passed
him while he was In a helpless condition.
Had he not been rescued by the Comet he
¦would have sunk with his boat. He said
he came from one of the Chines© camps
off Point Richmond. He was so grateful
for his rescue that he pressed his rescuers
to accept a. battered purse containing 05
cents. This was refused and the grate
ful Celestial was left at El Campo.
Among the pleasure-seekers on the
Comet who were instrumental in saving 1
a life were Frank Raymond. Frank Clin
ton. Mr. and Mrs. A, Raymond, Miss Net
tie Burton and John Behan and family.
Severe weather was encountered by the
yachts, of the Corinthian Club which
sailed to McNears Landing on a cruise.
The Surprise sprang a leak and the pumps
•were set to work. After hundreds >of gal
lons of water had been pumped out it was
necessary for the whole crew to set to
"bailing" to save the yacht from sinking.
The Harpoon with a party of ladies
aboard got the full force of the wind,
which blew at the rate. of sixty miles an
hour, and the pleasure-seekers ' ¦ were
drenched w}th the salt water. All the
yachts were under close reef, and the
wonder -is that serious accidents were
avoided. .......
ST. LOUIS, July 2.-A bolt of lightning
instantly killed three men, fatally injured
a boy and seriously injured a man and a
boy, members of a St. Louis fishing party,
who had sought refugo from the fierce
storm of this afternoon beneath the shel
ter of a massive sycamore tree on the
bank of Dead Creek at Cahokia; 111. The
d( \VILLIAM INGHAUSER, 32 years old.
JOHN J. GRAFF, 18 years old.
LOUIS STERN, 26 years old. _
The fatally Injured boy is Benny Eglin,
15 years, old. The seriously injured are:
Joseph Eglin. 24 years old; Albert Led
yard, 14 years old.
The men and boys , gathered around a
tall sycamore tree a hundred fpet from
where they had. been fishing. Suddenly
the tree was wrapped with a brilliant
light. The crash which followed was
heard for miles. When the citizens of
Cahokia discovered the r ar *y tnev found
three of them dead and- had much diffi
culty in resuscitating the others. None
of the bodies was badly marked, the light
ning showing its effect only on the feet
of each meniber'of the party. The point
of contact was at the waist line of each
individual, traversing the legs in each
instance and escaping into the earth.
Three Men Instantly
Killed During a Furi
ous Storm.
yr tt EBERNIANS will celebrate the
IB jl liberty day of the land of their
I j v ad6ption at Schuetzen Park to
ll. 11 morrow. The celebration will b,e
the annual reunion and picnic of
the Ancient Order of Hibernians and the
intention of those in charge is to make
it excel any yet given by the order.
The prr : 'amme of games includes run
ning, juk g, "weight putting; tug of war
and Gael' football. Cash prizes more
than psusllj generous and numerous will
be'distribi. ed to the successful contest
ants.
Over 500 gate prizes have been provided,
the first being $100. ¦
A special platform has been constructed
for the ever popular Irish jig and reel
dancing and on this some of the most ex
pert dancers in the State will compete for
the prizes. ' ...
. Stephen V. i Costello will deliver the
oration. A short programme will be
given in the pavilion, after which the
paviljon will be devoted to dancing.
DEATH'S BOLT
IN LIGHTNING
T. P. O'Dowd is chairman of the games
committee. J. P. Dignan of the floor com
mittee, J. J. Donahue of the committee on
prizes/the Rev. D. Q. Crowley of the
committee on orator and poet and Wil
liam O'Shaughnessy of the committee on
general supervision.
Following is the committee on arrange
ments:
Division No. 2— John Kenny, James Gtbney.
John McFadden: No. 8— James Burns, M. H.
McCafterty, J. S. McCormiek, M. J. McDer
mott; No. 5— F. S. Drady, T. P. O'Dowd. P.
I^ynch, M. Leonard; No. 6— M. J. "Wren, E.
Healey, J. Keohane, James Clark; No. 8 — J.
J. Moran, J. H. McGinnis, "VV. K. Manley, D.
Sheerin, J. W. Shinkwin; No. &-J. C./Ry»n,
M. Harnedy, J. C. Ryan Jr., James "Will: No.
10— John Coughlan. George Low, C. B. Flani
gan, John Creedon; No. 11— D. Fltzpatrick, E.
D. Sullivan, Jerome Deasy. I>. E. Collins; No.
12— J. P. Dignan, Charles Hurley, J. J. Gildea,
N. Morrissy; No. 14— J. P. Henry, Dr. C. J.
McCarthy, D. E. Collins, Frank Kelly; No.
17— P. B. Mahoney. William Maher, R. J. Mc-
Cormick. Joseph Fanning, J. Cullinan; No. 20
— J. B. Hagerty, S. V. Costello, "W. D. Flynn,
William O'Shaughnessy.'.
THE ORATOR OF THE DAY AND A MEMBER OF THE FLOOR COMMIT
TEE FOR THE ANCIENT ORDJ3R OF HIBERNIANS' REUNION AND
PICNIC AT SCHUETZEN PARK. .
High Officials to Investi
gate Alleged Cor
ruption.
INDIANAPOLIS, July 2.-At the special
meeting of the Supreme Lodge, Knights
of Pythias, in Chicago next week it is
understood a report will be made exposing
persons alleged to have been implicated
in a deal by which a former Illinois Insur
ance Commissioner received from a man
ager of the Knights of Pythias endow
ment rank 53500 for a. "clearance card"
and a letter of recommendation for the
rank.
Union B. Hunt, Secretary of State, who
is a supreme representative of the order,
will attend the meetlns of the Supreme
Lodge and will favor an investigation and
indictment of the offenders if there is evi
dence to warrant such action.
The storv is that the $3500 bought a re
port showing that an investigation had
been made and that the endowment
rank's affairs had been found satisfac
tory Later the Illinois and Connecticut
insurance authorities began an investiga
tion of the rank. This is not yet finished.
C F. S. Neal of Lebanon, manager of the
endowment rank, sanctioned the present
investigation and has been assisting In
carrving it there. The Commissioners
making it unearthed the $3500 story. Hunt
does rot know who were implicated in the
transaction, but says Neal is not mixed
up in it in any way, except to give it a
thorough investigation. The latter is re
ported to have made an affidavit in Chi
cago last Saturday touching the alleged
payment and the affidavit is said to be in
the hands of the Illinois Insurance De
partment. • ¦ ' .
OAKLAND, July 2. — Joseph P.
Dieves, who for thirty years con
ducted one of the famous resorts
on the San Leandro road, passed
away at 3 o'clock this, morning at
his residence near the Three-Mile House,
his once popular^ hostelry. The old-time
bonlface had been seriously ill for six
weeks from dropsy.
"Joe" Dieves, as his familiars knew
him, was one of the characters In the
early history of the county. He shared
with Tony Oaks of Haywards a wide rep
utation as an entertainer. Before the
days of electric railways and rapid transit
Dieves* place out San Leandro way was
the center of attraction for the men who
enjoyed a quiet bput with chickens or
dogrs. He catered to the sporting- frater
nity, and not a few of the high-hat pat
rons of the game were numbered among
Dieves' guests. In those days there was
plenty of life at Dieves', and the reputa
tion of the place was more than State
wide.
Patrons of the fistic game found Dieves
a great backer of his choices. He took
up Peter Jackson, the Australian negro,
when the antipodean was at his best.
Jackson made Dieves' his headquarters
during his ring campaigns, and mine host
was credited with winning much money
SCANDAL STIRS
PYTHIAN LODGES
Dieves was 54 years old. He was affil
iated with the Odd Fellows and the Work
men, as well as with Edeh Lodge No.
113. F. and A. M., of San Leandro, which
will have charge of the funeral services,
to take place Friday afternoon at 2
o'clock from Masonic Temple in this city.
Besides the wife, Mrs. Lillian Dieves,
four children survive. They are Joseph
A. Dieves, Charles I. Dieves, William
Dieves and Mrs. J. Parsons. There is also
a sister, Mrs. Isaac Surryhne. •
The father died many years ago, leav
ing "Young Joe," as the man who passed
away to-day ¦was known, a moderate for
tune, which he Invested in the San Lean^
dro property which majie his name fa
mous among the sports; "Young Joe"
married Miss Rosa Slegrist, one of a fam
ily of noted acrobats In the early 60's.
They conducted Siebrist's Gardens, a pop
ular amusement place on Broadway. Un
til after her death he carried on business
at the San Leandro resort. Dieves mar
ried the youngest daughter of J. D. Plitta
of Plittsvjlle Park some ' time after his
first wife's death, and then retired from
active business.
Dieves came to California from Germany
with his parents when he was 8 years old.
The senior was one of~the original proprie
tors of the Oakland Brewery when it was
at Ninth street and Broadway.
on the colored fighter, but that went whei
Peter lost his : hold on the game, fo:
Dieves backed Jackson to tire end.
PROPRIETOR OF ONE OP THE BEST KNOWN PLEASURE RESORTS
IN ALAMEDA COUNTY DIES AFTER AN ILLNESS OF SIX WEEKS
AT HIS HOME ON SAN LEANDRO RQAD.
HARVARD STYLE
IS NOT POPULAR
Professor Wendell Too
Harshly Criticizes
Pupil's Work.
His Methods Create a Stir in
Summer School at
Berkeley.
BERKELEY. July 2.— "I can't under
stand how any woman could make such
& fool of herself on one piece of paper."
This is vrhat Professor Barrett Wendell
of Harvard saiTi to his class in English
composition to-day at the University of
California Summer School. The language
was used in criticizing the composition
handed in by a member of his class in
iespor.se to his request asking for a state
ment of the reasons that prompted his
£00 pupils to elect his course. A number
of students stated in their answer that
they wished to learn the Harvard method
of teaching English composition, as Pro
fessor Wendell is considered a grt-at
American authority on the subject.
In commencing Ms discourse Professor
Wendell said: "I really don't know that
there are any Harvard methods, but if
there are any I suppose this is the way."
With tills brief introduction he read some
of the essays, with a running comment
on them. He picked out the obvious faults
la their style and made more or less geod
natured fun out of the papers. "Themes
¦which are handed in to a teacher of com
position can be treated with just as much
freedom as if they were in print," said
the professor, as an excuse for his severe
comments upon the literary efforts of his
class. He characterized some of the
themes as "sloppy," others "nonsensical"'
and "worthless." He finally selected a
composition by a female student, which
he described as "the worst example of
Flop I have met yet." and closed the dis
cussion with a smile and the statement,
"That's the way I would criticize the
Harvard students."
The "Harvard method" illustrated In
Professor Wendell's . class this morning
has created considerable comment among
the students, many of whom are school
teachers. They consider the remarks of
the instructor in poor taste considering
the circumstances. It was not the criti
cism as much as the language used that
caused the comment in Berkeley, particu
larly his use of the word "fool" in com
menting; upon the work of one of his fe
male students. But Professor Wendell
protected himself by announcing at the
Vtpginning that he would use the Harvard
method of criticism. He has created a
little excitement in Berkeley with this
method.
Professor Wendell is considered the star
of the summer school at Berkeley. He
came here as a special attraction and has
over 200 students in his class, showing the
Importance of his course and his work.
Professor Wendell refused to discuss
the incident this evening. He said: "I
make it a point to keep my class work
private and not public property. I must
beg to be excused from saying anything
about the affair."
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The junior pharmacy class of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons was ten
dered a banquet by Professor Charles M.
Troppmann at one of the downtown res
taurants on Friday evening last-
Speeches were made by the professor and
members of the class. Recitations and
songs helped to rapidly pass a most en
joyable time. Among those present were:
Profe&por and Mrs. Charles M. Tropp
mann, Mr?. George Duering. Miss Mabel
Troppmann, Miss Emily Duering and Carl
Troppmann. also W. B. Crawley, Will
Dunsmore, D. Denegri, Lawrence Mc-
Pike. "W. E. Ryan, J. R, Lewis, George
C. Butler. T. C. Harper, P. E. Squire,
William Quinn. H. T. Eckhardt and
Oeorgre A. Kixon.
An enjoyable surprise party was ', given
to William Gantner on Tuesday evening,
June IS. The following were present: W.
Gantner, Miss K. Hallinan, C. Nelson.
Miss H. Nuttman, J. Xuttman. Miss A.
Mooney. W. Sands, Miss Eva Kelson. E.
rie Laney. Miss L. Lickel, J. Guntz, Miss
L. Mooney, G. Svranson. Miss E. Nelson,
P. Strcmberg. Miss S. Ewanson. L. Lickel,
Mies M. Gantner, Mr. and Mrs. H. TV.
Gantner. Theodore Reinhard. Mrs. Rein
hard. Professor Joseph. Mrs. Lane, Mr.
snd Mrs. M. T. Gantner, S. Neleon, Mrs.
Mooney. Mrs. B. Gantner, C. Christen and
Mrs. Miller.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Clayburgh announce
the engagement of their daughter Emily
to Oharles E. Baer of Bakerefleld. They
v.ill receive Sunday, July 7. and Tuesday,
July 9. from 2 to 5, at 1810 Bush street.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Schwartz of 2023 Pine
street announce the engagement of their
daughter Bessie to Harry L. Cohn.
Mifs E. Caliph and Mrs. Lobban will
f pend th* Fourth of July at Camp Taylor.
Mr?. H. Schmidt has returned to the
dty: after spending a month at Sanger
tnann's Villa, near Aptos, Santa Cruz
County.
Mrs. J. S. Morris and daughter Almee
s re visiting Mrs. E. Heineman at 1709
*V-ary street.
Mis? R^instein will spend the summer
j;t "Mountain Retreat," eighteen miles
from I'kiah.
51r.. J. Samuel and daughters. Rose and
Jnlfft. have pone to Los Ang-«les to spend
t!i«>ir Fi'mmer vacation.
Mme. T. Upraan left on the li>t for Fair
fax Villa. wher«> she -will remain a couple
< f weeks.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
; 1118 , Broadway, i July 2.
The, Macdonough Theater will probably
be closed after the middle of this month
and the residents of 'Oakland will be de
prived of even the* small amount of the
atrical amusement that has been doled
out to themat the will of a San Fran
cisco management There is a..disagree
ment between the Macdonough >: estate
managers and the Gottlob-Marx Com
pany, which now holds the lease, as to the
amount of the rental, and between the
two sides the people of Oakland are get
ting no theatrical attractions for the S10,
000 bonus subscribed ¦ by the city toward
the building of the theater.' .
The theater at present pays an annual
rental of . $4200.' The lessees want It . re
duced and the managers of the estate
want the rental increased to $5000 a year.
Each side refuses to modify its demands
and the San Francisco Theatrical Com
pany has ordered its resident agrerit to
preyare tp move. "
-Tne managers of the estate figure that
a theater in Oakland is essential to the
San Francisco syndicate and the San
Francisco syndicate figures that it con
trols all of the theatrical attractions that
come to this coast and the Macdonqugh
Theater cannot be run without its con
sent.
The management of the Macdonough
Theater for the last two years- has been
far from satisfactory to the people of'
Oakland, who feel that they paid to have
a theater built arid that they are entitled
to at least have it kept open. The pres
ent management has done little for Oak
land, in some instances even billing 1 the
town that attractions would not play in
4his city. Oakland is a city that will not
contribute to a cheap road show of the
farce comedy type, but is a liberal pa
tron of the legitimate. In drama. This is
proved by the door .receipts of such at
tractions as Sousa, ' Henry Miller, John
Drew and Hobson's Oliver Goldsmith.
These attractions have played to as big
houses in Oakland as.' in any city in 'which
they appeared.' But Oakland has been
surfeited with one night stand shows.
The town has in consequence acquired a
poor name In the theatrical world and the
theater has acquired a poorer name in
return. There has been little effort upon
the part of the management to cultivate
Oakland, and the condition into which
this yery charming little theater has
fallen Is the cause t>f much cqmrnent.
Dispute ' Over Anaoujit
jof Rental of the
Theater,
Patrons) Are Also Dissatisfied
With the Management '¦'•,
of the House.
THE MACDONOUGH
MAY BE CLOSED
HIBERNIANS TO OBSERVE
NATAL DAY OF REPUBLIC
Annual Reunion and Picnic of the Order
Will Be Held at "Schuetzen Park To-Mor
row, With the Usual .Games and Dancing
THE QPIUM TRADE.— Customs Collector
Stratton reports that ' the total - importations to
San Francisco of onlum prepared for smoking;
aggregated; 1,804,548 pounds from January 1.
1880, to - June 30, -•' 1901. ¦ The Government col
lected $13,861,180 ' duty , on this opium. Puring
the ¦ same oeriod New Tork'Clty received 364.
915-pounds of crude opium for chemical and
medical '¦ purposes ' and Philadelphia received
139,180 pounds. ¦¦_;... .
Extreme Destitution.
One of the most extreme cases of desti
tution which has ever come to the notice
of the public . is that of Mrs. Ellen Far
rell, a widow residing 1 at 214% "Washington
street. Ry. the death of her, husband,
Michael Farrell, a longshoreman, two
months ago, shs-was.left penniless with
four young. children to support. Since his
death she has been forced to depend upon
the | charity of her neighbors for her sus
tenance. The woman is a worthy object
for charitable aid. ' ,?•,">
Big License Collections.
The license office. broke the record yes
terday in the collection of licenses which
aggregated the sum of $11,104 50. Of thte
amount $1010 was for dog licenses, $1730
for slot machines. $210 30 for vehicles and
street cars. $7991 50 for saloons and other
licenses. On the same day last year but
$5337 was collected. For the fiscal year
just ended 43,126 licenses were issued,
yielding a revenue of $160,399 751
Charged. "With Stealing a Watch.
William Doyle was arrested last night
by Officer Tom Murphy and charged with
grand larceny. The complaining witnesses
were Peter Moore and J. J. Sweeney. They
informed the officer that they saw Doyle
extract a watch from the pocket of a.
man named Starkey. Doyle was found fa
a saloon on Mission street and when he
was taken into custody the watch ¦was. in
his possession.
Grand Opera-House Company.
The Grand Opera-house Company wa«
Incorporated yesterday with a capitaliza
tion of $150,000, of which $50 has been sub
scribed. The directors are M. MeyerfeM
Jr.. Charles L. Ackerman. Edward C.
Brown. J. R. Howell and T. J. Craig.
The company has purchased the- Grand
Opera-house lease and other rights from
Walter Morosco, the facts relating to tho
sale being published in yesterday's Call.
Salfield Piles Sis Suit.
Dr. A. C. Salfield yesterday filed his
long threatened suit to' enjoin the. Board
of Public "Works from proceeding with,
the contemplated Improvements to th»
Dudley Stone School. In his complaint
Dr. Salfield avers that if the proposed
new story is placed upon the building it
will exceed the height limit allowed by
law and endanger the lives of the pupils.
The case has been assigned to Judge
Murasky for trial.
Serious Riots Take Place
in the City of
Mexico.
CITT OF MEXICO. July *2.-Th9 public
mind i$ much excited and the clergy are
filled with indignation over the results
of the students^ anti-clerical demonstra
tion yesterday. The students, to the num
mer of 300. held a public meeting near the
statue of Columbus, on El Paso and Shive
driveway. Stirring speeches were made,
showing the intense feeling of the young
r.ier and (denouncing the recent immorali
ties of the few priests, »who, it was
claimed, have been shielded and not pun
ished. A charge was made that former
Archbishop Labastida was a traitor to his
country, while the present Archbishop
Alarief showed no disposition to punish
recreant priests with that measure of se
verjty demanded by the nature of their
offenses.
A company of mounted gendarmes pre
served order, and the demonstration was
witnessed by Governor Coral of the fed
eral district and by Chief of Police Ville
gas.. The students, accompanied by a
great number of people' of different
classes, marched up San Francisco street
and on the way the police arrested three
men for insulting women while going to
mass.
By this time the crowd numbered fully
3000 people and made its way toward the
Church of Santo -Domingo, where the
Dominican fathers officiate. Part of the
crowd entered while the church was filled
with worshipers, mostly women, i Shouts
¦were raised of "Death to the priests!"
"Down with the clergy!" and the priests
left the altar and sought refuge in the
sacristy, with many of the worshipers.
Women cried and shrieked and the dis
turbance went no farther.
Another part of the crowd entered the
Church of Santa Carija, arriving during
12 o'clock mass. Windows were broken
and linages hurled down. The priests were
dispersed and the students made speeches
denouncing the clergy. There were heard
shouts for Father lcaza, who is accused
of many misdeeds.- .
The women present were terrified and
the police made several arrests, but
many of the prisoners were afterward re
leased. . The leaders among the students
had. counseled moderation and | against
making a disturbance, but the mob was
apparently bent on showing its feeling to
ward the clergy. In the" afternoon peo
ple assembled for prayer In the Cathedral
and other churches. . and to-day the
Catholic people are offering prayer for the
enemies of religion. -
Precautions have been taken to prevent
further trouble, but it is believed that if
several priests who are -publicly de
nounced in the press are not punished,
the young men may make an attempt to
invade the temples. Public opinion is di
vided as regards the demonstration made
by the students, but the liberals and non-
Catholics, consider that the clergy will
not be compelled to demand the expulsion
of priests who have been causing public
indignation to reach fever heat. ••" /
MOB WRECKS
THE CHURCHES
OAKLAND, July 2.— Cracksmen used
nitro-glycerine so effectively on the safe
in the Southern Pacific Company's rail
way station in San Leandro this morning
that the massive door was blown a dis
tance of ten feet. The robbers got 540 *or
their few minutes* work, but were forced
to leave behind them about $400 that was
locked up in a burglar-proof compartment
of the safe. They left little evidence be
hind them and the officers hardly hope
to effect their capture.'
The blast that shattered the safe wa3
set off at 1:10 o'clock this morning, the
concussion being so heavy that It stopped
the station clock at that hour. Several
people were awakened by the explosion,
but none of them connected it with rob
bers or safes. T. P. Knightly, assistant
agent at the station, heard the noise from
his home in the neighborhood, but wenc
to sleep again when he was satisfied that
the world was not coming to an end.
Mrs. C. "VV. HcLaughlin. the station
agent's wife, was awakened out of a
sound slumber by the noise, but was not
much alarmed.
That cracksmen had been around was
not discovered until 6:30 o'clock this morn
ing when Agent C. W. McLaughlin en
tered the station. As soon as he opened
the door he saw that the place was a
wreck. The door of the safe, weighing in
the neighborhood of 250 pounds, was lying
across the office floor, at least ten feet
away from the strong box. It was rest
ing party against the remains of a chair
tftat had been smashed to pieces. The
contents of all the small drawers of the.
safe, tickets, checks, books and papers,
were strewn about in all directions. Tha
money till, under the counter near tfca
ticket window, had been forced open ami
thrown on the floor. It contained no
money at the closing time last night.
" An examination of the safe showed that
•the robbers had drilled a quarter-inch
hole through the top of it into which had
been inserted a quantity of nltro-glycer
ine. . The explosive tore through the ce
ment filling and found the point of easiest
resistance to be the cast-iron flanges into
which the bolts of the outer door fitted.
The brittle cast-iron broke easily, freed
the bolts and allowed the door to be
thrown a distance.
The absence of the door left the rob
bers free to rifle the drawers of the in
terior.* In one of these they found $40 in
silver that had been left out for change
in the morning. A lot of checks ai:«l
thousands of tickets were left untouched,
though they were mutilated by the ex
plosion. No attempt was 'made upon the
steel box inside the safe, which contained
$400. . .V— ¦":
All the robbers left behind them -was
an old brace they had used to do the drill
ing with and a small quantity of black
powder in a bottle. A fish plate used by
them as a lever to press upon the brace
was among; the debris.
Agent McLaughlin at once notified
Division Superintendent Agler of the oc
currence and Detective Maloney was sent
to San Leandro to make an investigation.
He said that it waa undoubtedly the work
of men experienced in safe-cracking. H«
thinks he has a slender clew to the rob
bers in the brace and vial of powder h 3
carried away with him.
Fourth, at the Veterans' Home.
The Fourth of July will be celebrated
in good and patriotic style at the Vet
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. Hon.
H. C: Gesford of Napa, one of the gifterl
orators of the State, will address thq
audience. Miss Grace I. Davis of San
Francisco, a singer of rare accomplish
ments, will sing "The Star Spangled
Banner." The literary exercises will
take place in the afternoon.. In th»
evening there will be a brilliant display
of fireworks to entertain the veterans and
other residents of that section of the
Napa Valley. .
Use Too Heavy Charge
of Nitro-Glycerine on
Strong Box.
From the San Leandro
Railway Depot
'
Secure Small Sum of Money
SAFE-CRACKERS
WRECK STATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; ;¦" WEDNESDAY, JULY 3, 1901;
Joseph P. Dieves, Who for Over Thirty Years
Conducted a Sporting Resort on the San
Leandro Road, Dies From Attack of Dropsy
AN OLD-TIME BONIFACE
ANSWERS THE LAST CALL
9
\ NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRUGGISTS MUST BE CHARY.
They Sell All Kinds of Hair Prepara-
tions, and Fear to Discriminate.
Druggists sell all kinds of hair prepa-
rations, and as a rule they are -wisely chary
of giving preference to any particular one,
but many of them have come out plainly
for Newbro's Herpicide, the new treat-
ment that absolutely klll3 the dandruff
germ. H. Swannell & Son, Champaign.
111., say: "One customer of oure who did
not have a hair on top of his head when
he began to use Herpicide now ha3 a fair
start towards a good head of hair. We be-
lieve Herpicide to be by far the best prep-
aration of its kind on the market." Hun-
dreds of similar testimonials from
everywhere. •'
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
| MUSEUM OF ANATOMY #
$ £P lSSllIA2S23 5?.t3t.5:ii^.S.r.Cil. £
\ CT*^ The Lare«t Anatomical Museum in the \
£ ._rjB-L^ * World. ..Weaknesses or any contracted m
V flBifg) disease pamitively carctd by the oldest X
O F£j 3 1 Specialist on the Coast. Est 36 y«a«. (©
A fl*¥* I On. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
\ ¥ Consultation free and strictly private. \
Q a UUtfl Treatment personally or by letter. A A <
\ H J# Tl H ¦*** lhs * Cv'io e^T ease undertaken. T
A r // HA Wnte for Book. PHILOfiUPBYef A
? " tf P niRRMGE, MAILED FKEB. ( A. f
A H U- valuable book for m<*n) \
V BB. JORDAN* CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the. Cops or Gonorrhoea, G1e«t>.
- Strictures and analogous complaints
o? the Organs of Generation.
Pxlca a a bottle. For u!a by. draoittk
if - f TiwinrwimiifiifnMTiMnMiiiiini mihimumi hi it fflfl¦¦,,--. ,. .•¦»-¦-•...-¦¦ -y ',•¦¦' '.-•-,-•¦ , rv,- .,-r v J. ¦>¦;'" -,.¦.¦-.--¦¦ - • -...--....¦,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 3;
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of 1 The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. mJ
SM Hayes etreet. open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 8:20 p. m.
€15 Larkin Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 P- m.
22G1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until » p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until » p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and .Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 FlHmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. ;
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44jF. & A, -jB
M.— Btated meeting THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING, at 8 o'clock. 7%Jl
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary. «
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. lO*. F. * ¦ A: •
M.-«taied meeting THIS (WEDNES-^
DAY) EVENING. July 3, at 7:30 XX
iVclocfc. H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. * A. M.- •
Stated meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _/V_
EVENING, July 3, at 8 o'clock.
H, FORTRIEDE, Secretary. /.XT
OFFICERS and members of South San •
FranclECO Lodge No. 213. F. & A. M. — wf\_
You are hereby notified that the stated JlLj\
meeting of this lodge will be held on • *
the morning of THURSDAY. July 4th, 1901.
at the hour of 9 o'clock. By order of the
lodge- E. C HARE, Secretary.
THE quarterly : meeting of Serv- ._tc.
Ian-Montenegrin L. and B. iVtf^J
Society will be held THIS _2rafl-
( WEDNESDAY ) EVENING.
July S. fit 7:S0 o'clock, at fSgwSjJEa
909 Market st. All officer* and RSS5»W
members are earnestly requested fcSsSEttrf
to attend; fine for non-attend- XJffifiBrxS'
ance will be strictly enforced. „
By order of
S. T. GERUXOVICH. Pres. ? .
SPIRO S. VUCOSAVL.IEVICH. Secretary.
FOURTH of July. Shell Mcund s^.
Park, Berkeley— Great gathering 3. SCO
*nd games of the San Francisco 'SOLi*
Scottish Thistle Club. Great event. *t^*
X3OC0 in cash prizes. Elegant and costly
medals for amateurs. Games open to all
comers. Phenomenal exhibition of strength
by leading athletes of the world. Special
events for members of Pacific Athletic Asso-
ciation. Picturesque Highland dancing. Ex-
citing bicycle and foot racing:. Amusing
clown, barrel, three-legged, obstruction and
pack races. Great Irish jig and reel, cake-
walk and buck and wlsg dancing contests.
Grand open-air concert and fireworks at
night Dancing both day. and night in pa-
vicMns. Highland welcome to all. Admis-
sion (day), adults SOc. children 25c: (nieht).
25c and 10c. Buy your ferry tickets for Shell
Mound. GEORGE MnXER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATER3OX. Recorder. -
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals -will be held in the Parrott building on
MONDAY. July 15. 1901. at 4 o'clock p. m.,
•when a board of trustees will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
ASPIIAI/TCM EOOPCTC.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sideTralks re-*
paired; postal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no. fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no Charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L.. S. CLASS, Emma Spreckels bids.. 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
t OR 3 children to board, week or month; best
care;eunny yard;nr.Bchool;reasonable.l607 Cal.
HOOKS — NEW AND OLD. I
BOOKS 1 of "every kind 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission gt.
BCSIXKSS CHASCES.
A^SZSX); ; ROADHOUSETwith lli"f urnTsbl "rooms7
kitchen, etc.; barn; large yard; about 8 miles
from city; a business paying Al. and well
known. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny «t.
A— fiiOO; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block south of Market st. : dally receipts from
r-0 up; clearing about $100 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— *550; SALOON with 36 furnished rooms; J350
cash, balance on time; rent $60; located
Fourth st. Call R. G. -WILKE. 26'^ Kearny.
A— FRUIT and vegetable store with 4 rooms;
rent $35; on Sutter et.: price $50f>; business
clearing- above 5150 per month. R. G. WILKE,
2G--2 Kearny Et.
A— J350; DELICACY store and branch bakery,
with S living rooms: rent 518; kept by owner
11 years: choice business location. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny St. .
A— $750; SALOON: no better located place in
this city; rent $50; place clears easily $150
per month: no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. -
A LAUNDRY Is a money maker. A company
is being; organized on the co-operative plan
to open a new laundry In San Francisco dur-
ing the next sixty days. The business will
be managed by practical laundrymen who
have a wide acquaintance and are cure of
t good trade of $300 to $600 a week from the
beginning. A email amount of the stock
remains to be sold at $2 50 per share (par
value $10). For particulars call or address
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST
CO., 328 Montgomery et., San Francisco.
$525— Chicken ranch. 1600 chickens, good house.
$1500— Liquor store: flne corner, near Market.
1350 — Coal and wood yard; good bus: low rent.
S1250— Grocery & bar; est. 9 yrs: 4 living rms.
S350 — Bakery; 6 lix'ine rooms; cheap rent.
$5C0 — Grocery, fruit; cor. store; no opposition.
We have some very genuine business oppor-
tunities well worth investigation.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S38 Market St.
TOU can be suited in any kind of business by |
•calling at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. 917 Market St., near
Fifth. Phone Mint 1211.
IK you want to Invest a%y money In any safe
investment the Business Board, 326 Pine St..
has a grand selection; a full guarantee will
be given to all who Invest. ¦: '%$?>
$iroo— CANDY store and factory: bargain; sick-
ness cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. '
777'^ Market Ft. •
OFFICE— Real estate office for eale. JOSEPH j
BAILIE. 759 Market St. :
A BAKERY doing a good business is offered j
for sale on account of death of proprietor. !
Address box 35C4..CaiI office. :
FOR SALE— Sacrifice account Illness, good pay-
ing country hotel. Owner, box 3526, Call office.
FOU SALE — Saloon and lodging-house on'ac-
- count of sickness. 212 East et.
5200— REST AURANT ; good location; splendid
chance for man and wife; rent $15; receipts
$1S to $24 daily; reason for selling, wish to
engage in other business. 17 Thirtieth st.
2 YEARS established; ladies* tailoring; good
ttand; reasonable; account of McJsness. 2107
Fillmore et.
MAN wishes engagement to walk on water;
money maker; silent partner wanted. Box
. 3476. Call office.
FOR sale— Large route on this paper E50
names; easy terms. Box 431L, Call office.
$1M BUTS a well-paying delicatessen store; «.m
account of departure; rent, with 2 living
rooms, Sl». S95-Eixth st.
OUR telegraph tips en Eastern races are wln-
ners. SS7 Market St.. room 116.
MTLK d<rot for sale cheap. Corner Fifth and
Oiara Ets.
GOOD opening for barber shop and baths In
l'.ctel: .also tailor. 718 Valencia n.
CLASSIFIED advertiM»ment(i and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for call advertisements and
subscriptior.s has been established at 1096
Val«*nc<« yt. ¦ ¦ -¦
LODGI1VG-HOCSES FOR SALE. V
45-ROOM house; clear* $200 fjOM
K4-room board inR-house 7500
70 rooms; country hotel and bar '.. 300
f, rooms, en Mission st 25!) I
3^-room corner flat »30
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
10 rooms, on Eddy m ... ; 400
Z2 rooms, on Market rt 1700
I *3 roorrsF; comer : isoo
i» rooms. !n Oakland 450
lS-room house; sure to clear $1CO '... ' 700
IS rooms: all rented: clears $175 2000
r« rooms; elegant corner; clears $150....... 1«K)
, 21 rooms: fine and sunny: clears $140..... 1200
10 rooms; very central; on Taylor sti..... . 400
56 rooms; near Eddy st.: new furniture:. 1350
£00 other bouses, from SSO to $10,000.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth,
MARION GRIFFIN— Money to loan. 719 Mar-
ket et.: by Call bldg.; teL Black 1801.
20 rooms; 3 years' lease; rent $35 $42S
1M rooms; average Income $1200 month; my .
best money-making proposition..; 6500
-t-room flat; rent $18; 2 r. rented for $15.. 200
IS rooms: owner occupies double parlors; 'A ¦
cub; be.\. Install.: Income $100.......... 850
K rooms; fine; brand new; AL .*.„.....: -
tO rooms; elegant; rent $100; clears $200. .6000
LODGING HOUSES FOR. SALE— Con.
A. CAMERON & CO..
... ' 850 Market st. anfi 8 Stcokton at. .
Rooms a. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have. hotel, rooming house or business
to «ell list with us. We have cash customers
for all Flzes and prices. . See list of bargains.
45 r.; rent J160; good, perm., trans.; Al loc. 12500
S9 r.; rent tlZT<; oak fur.; let n. offies: Mkt. 2250
34 r. ; rent $130; good !oe.; fur., orp. clrs. $150 2500
16 r.; rent *«; good fur., carp.; sunny S60
18 r.; rent J85; good furi, carp; large yard.. 1250
12 r.; rent $63; new fur.; clears $56.'- 1S50
23 r.; rent only $75; good fur. car. & locofr. 1600
We have over 500 houses listed. Call before
buying; money loaned on deferred payments;
1*£ per cent. . ,- " ' •
FISHER & CO..:
935 Market; phone Folsom 1342.7.......
75 rooms; price.... $5000142 rooms; price.... $3300
26 rooms; price 1300130 rooms; price.... 2250
22 rooms; elegant; rent only $60: price 1500
14 rooms; handsome; rent only $60; price.. 750
We haye over 300 more, any location, kind or
price, at bargains and hurried sales.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for it
In monthly payments
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 860 Market.
WINSTON & WOLF,
1028 MARKET ST.
20 rooms; 'asking $500; make offer; sacrifice. •
33 rooms; corner: part cash $1800
6« rocnx; rent $100; a money-maker 2100
20 rooms; large yard; rent $75 1500
600 other houses from 4 to 200 rooms.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. -W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market St. (near Fifth St.).
Phone Mint 1911. .'. ¦ .
9 ROOMS; rent $30; finely furnished, good car-
pets; $500. Howard St.. ¦ between Third and
Fourth. Box 4337, Call office. ..
$375— LODGING-HOUSE, 10 rooms; furnished.
£64^. Mission Et. ¦ . ¦
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
SPIRITUALISM.
! COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances:
j Sun.. Tues., Fri.. 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
| to your spirit friends face to face and recog-
I niie them; give names; has received medals
> from many countries; taken last world's re-
cord medal at Paris Fair. 10S4 Bush; teL
2275 Larkin. '
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY— "
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough; Ellls-
st. car; 3it.. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
J RESUMED business— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual "medium; advice in
all affairs in life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed., Fri. eve.; letters answered.
Residence (no signs), 38 McAllister st. . •
JOHN SLATER— Circles 25c. Mon. & Fri. eves.."
8:15; Wed. nfternoon. 2:43; sittings daily, 10
to 4, except Sun. 18C9 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
M. 'WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings. 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.; 50c. 215 Leavenworth.
MRS. GILLINGHAM. spiritual meeting 8 p. m. ;
10c; bring sealed questions. 305 Larkin; take el.
TEST circle tcv-nlght, 10c; readings and spirit
photographs dally. Arnold Plckson. 14S Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANT rard reader Irani Louisiana;
only 10c. 262 Minna st, near Fourth.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; elttings daily; test to all to-night; 10c
EDWARD EARLB, 328 Ellis— Readings daily;
eeance Sun., Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A^LINCOLN CLAIRVOYANT AND
HIGH PSTCHIST
He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
etc., without asking a single question: cures
diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make yoursflf
lucky: reunites the separated: makes harmoriv
In your home; elves accurate advice on all
business affairs ;investment».mlnlng, oil: read-
ings by mail; Rend stamps for terms.125 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c;
gents H; palm, and olair. sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
NAAMAN. Russian coer and palmist, satisfies
when others fail, all affairs life, business or
disease ; no charge unless perfect satisfaction.
S26 O'Farrell st.; hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
KNOW your fate; Mine. Richards, astrological
palmiet and reader of human destiny: never
fails; 25c and Me. 1203 Mission st., cor. 8th.
Mrs. Dr. Sayler. queen of clairvoyants & palm-
ists: names and dates; L. 23c: G. 50c: mail 11.
1E1H4 Market, op. ' Van Ness; tel. Mint 1095.
MRS. DR. VALET2N, clalr.. palmist: advice on
all affairs; messages from departed friends;
teacher of personal magnetism. 1523% Market.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
Cth: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m,,
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives names, facts, dates: satisfaction by mail;
Inclose stamp. 13S2 Market, op. Odd Fellows.
I Mrs. Mallory, clairvoyant card reader: when oth-
i ers fail consult me; L. 25c._G. 50c. 917 Howard.
MME. BERNARD, 17 3d st., gone on vacation;
will return soon; watch paper for ad.
MME. ECHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally.. 448% Jossie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clalrvoj'ant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 23c up. 5 -Fourth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 'pages, in wrapper, for mailing,- $1 per year.
j CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become discmsted 'with poor work
send to SPATTLDING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-337 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
BEATING. 3c; laying, 3c: renovatine. 5c un;
I work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phono Scott 1310.
( RUDOLPH Sz CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
1 reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
| COXKLIVS Superior Carpet-Besting Works,
: 333 Golden Gale ave.; telephone Ea«t 116.
! ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
I tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
i JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
! ovators. 25-27 Eiphth st. ; tel. Jessie 1061.
I CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
| STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 230.
j J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and.Reno-'
I vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth st; tel.' Mission 74. |
I CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
I TON. 3 Eighth St.: telephone Jessie 944.
CHIROPODISTS.
I INGROWN nails» bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
CAPABLE fchiroppdist; references. Box 4338,
Call office. \
jOF^ICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Acency— No"charge~un^
les« successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our ¦ specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions fre^, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2.
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M.D.. Manager. .
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: ladv attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the • Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crown?. $3 DO; fillings.
50c; plates. $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago D»ntal Parlors. 24 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 23c.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy.st.— Work done
on weakly installments: lowest rates.' :
DH. R. I,.WALSH.S15*i G«ary.nr.LarkIn— Pain-
less extraction 50c: plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenlnpa and Sun-
days. TW1 Market St., corner Sixth.
SKT of" teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. • .
A I WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legi ;
timate detective business: divorce cases posi-
tively refused.' Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-374. San Francisco: tel. Bouth 381.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking i& 7 Military School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.'
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 "Port, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC. ;
Electrlc-Chexnlc medication cures faulty, nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K-'« Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
_ ¦- _ ¦ - ' --, ¦ ¦ EDPCATIO NAL. ; ¦ / ¦'
GALLAaHER^MARBH^lie^^Parro^bld^.^'
Shorthand, : typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter. -teacher of
shorthand; reportorial 'phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping. full_course,. $50; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College,. 723 Market st— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life- scholarship, $50; individual
Instruction; positions secured; catalogue frea.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited "preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges ; references, • President ¦ Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Fhelan building. .'.'
ACTING, elocution, specialties;. Hallett School,
associated with -, theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand. . typ-
-ing, practical bookkeeping'. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech:, sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nallien School, 113 Fulton, ,nr. City Hall.
A PULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand ¦ costs only $60. • San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners;, business
¦ college graduates; bookkeeping; figures: short
- time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
KENT Law School, day and night. 663 Parrott
building. . . .
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post et.. S. F.;' ;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
PROF. L. MERKI, successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission et, nr. Cth.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grainmar.writlng,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE^ and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and 'house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 .Post et. ; tel. Buah 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Poweil.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best help. 41H4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of- |
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS. !
EMPLOYMENT WAXTKIJ — -FEMALE.
A RELIABLE competent .woman seeksyposltlon
for about 6 weekB, house work or sewing, or
• take charge in owner's absence. Call or write
427& Bryant st., between Second and Third.
COMPETENT young woman with a child 5 years
old wants situation as cook or housekeeper; !
city or country. Address MUS. L. .L., 333 Jes- I
sie St.- ¦ \ ¦
A COMPETENT nurse wishes situation as
children's nurse; Is capable of raising- a child
upon a bottle; best city reference. Apply 505
Post st.
AMERICAN woman, elderly, economical house-
keeper, used to children, wishes position cook-
ing and washing; capable entire work of
family; wages $12. 268 Stevenson St. ¦ - \
GOOD cook by day: please state party; lunch-
_^eon or plain meals; reasonable; cannot call
only to work. Epicurean, box 3527, Call.
INFANT'S nurse (Protestant) would take entire
charge: best of references from last place;
wages $25. Address Nurse, 18 Seventh st.
YOUNG lady who understands dressmaking
wishes position as companion to lady or
children. Box 4334. Call. ,
A YOUNG woman -wishes position as house-
keeper in hotel or home; any position, of
trust.- Address box 4333, Call office.
LADY wishes sewing and ge"hts' mending at
home. Room 7, 130 Fourth at.
DRESSMAKING by the day or. will work at
home remodeling. 607 Turk st.
TWO girls want situp.tlon, one cook other sec-
ond work. 1022 Larkin St.; phone Larkin 1S61.
A NICE girl wants a situation as chamber-
maid or to do some plain sewing; city refer-
ence. Call at 1535 Mission st., near 12th.
RELIABLE woman, elderly, wishes situation
in American family to do housework or care
of children; wages moderate; references. Box
4316. Call office.
WANTED— A- position as managing housekeep- |
er by a competent woman; has a little girl; i
good references. Call at 1027& Market at, ;
room 9. • ' ,_ i
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York, !
wishes engagements for $2 the day. Apply j
MRS. N. WAHLQUIST. Ef9 Kearny st.
MISS GILLIGAN'S dressmaker tailor system
taught. 10 Metcalf place, near Mason St., off J
Geary.
WINCHESTER Houso. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per nieht; $1 50 to i
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus I
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. *
EMrLOYJIEKT WANTED— MALE. •
EXPERIENCED nurse desires to care for in-
valid gentleman, city or country; will travel;
good references. Address A. i S., care A.
DUNCAN. 127 Seventh St., city.
GOOD baker wants situation: reliable; city or
cou/try. Address G. L., room 674, "Winches- j
ter Hotel, Third st.
COMPETENT man wants -position as delivery
clerk; has long experience; knows city well.
Address P. W., box 4332. Call office.
WANTED — Steady wcrk of any kind by a
young man of 23. Box 4335, Call office.
COMPETENT bookkeeper and accountant, good
penman, wishes permanent position, or will
take rhort sets, pay by the hour: salary
moderate. Address II.. 5C1 Call building. .
A • YOUNG man wishes employment of any
kind: sober and reliable; references. Box
4311. Call office. . • . '
YOUNG man, four years' experience as ship-
ping clerk, wants position- of any kind. Box
4309, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as machinist;
understands all kinds of sowing machines;
knowledge of cycles; town or country. Box
3443. Call office. £ ' . *- -
YOUNG barber, age 16, five months' experi-
ence, wants work at trade; city or country;
wages $1 weekly the first six months. Box
3499. Call office. . ¦ : .
GOOD cook and baker wants situation in ho-
tel or boarding-house in city or country. C3
Second- st., room 14.
STEAMBOAT men: will pay bonus for Job as
assistant steward on deep-water ship; have
been to sea before. Please address E. ' N.,
Winchester Hcuse, Third st., San Francisco.
| CONFECTIONER and ornamenter wants a po-
sition. Address 500 Kearny. st.
COACHMAN engaged for short time seeks en-
gagement with first-class family; good pay;
! no gardening; good references. Address,
stating terms, box 2263. Call Office, Oakland.
GARDENER, first class, single, of long experi-
ence In landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouse work wishes a situa-
tion on a private place. Box 3523. ..Call. '
AN experienced oil-well driller wants position;
can give references as tb ability..* Address
R.. room 63, Golden Wmt Hotel.
WANTED— Situation in a grocery or crockery
store: 8 years' experience; good references.
Box 2263, Call office, Oakland.
BARTENDER,' experienced, references, wants
place, city or country. Address box 346S, Call..
A FIRST class Chinese cook wishes situation.
Apply at Chong Wing Co., 902 Clay St..
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlptions has been established at 10J6
Valencia »t. ... ;',._
FEATHER pillows and mattresses steamed,
renovated. E. J. O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
st. ; phone Capp 2GS2.
FLATS TO; LET.
COLE, corner Oak— One flat of 8 rooms; tiled
bathrooms and sinks; beamed and frescoed
ceilings; looking out on Park; marble vesti-
bule; furniture for sale, which . is - new and
artistically selected; open bet. 10 and 4 o'clock
every day. Key at 409 Cole st. ¦ -¦ ' .
36 WELSH St., off 4th, bet. Bryant and Bran-
nan— Cory, sunny flats; 3 rooms each; in rear;'
rent $6 50; new plumbing, painting, and
papering.- ' ' . . . •
PINB? 2123—6 rooms, bath;, all modern; large
backward; flne basement. ' Inquire of owner,
2134 Pine st.
FURNISHED complete for housekeeping— 4
: rooms and bath; lower flat. 1908 Filbert St.;
call after. 5 . p. m. .' '. .. - :. . ..* '
JIC— SUNNY upper flat, « rooms and bath; mod-
ern; 226A Thirtieth st. PATTERSON & CO.,
11 City Hall ave. '¦ :'-•¦- .;• ¦ -.- : -, , -.,
$30— 2327 PINE St., near Fillmore; sunny upper
flat, « rooms and bath. ASHTON & GARD-
INER, 411 Montgomery st. • ... : ' ,'
$25— GRAND flat. 6 large sunny rooms; modern
In every respect. 1127 ' Guerrero St.. between
23d and 24th. - - - ¦'. . ¦ \
A— NEW marine view, sunny, - 8-rooms, bath.
2414 Van Ness ave.. near. Union u^T -¦ .- ; . ;
$20— NICE flat; choice location; 'splendid view;
warm belt. " 111 Liberty st. '• ¦ - - ¦ \
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath;: $12.
. 716 Natoma St.. bet. Eighth and Ninth..--. ;~*
247 SHIPLEY " St.— 4 and 7 room flats ; - *10
and »2., ,.¦ ¦'.--. '.- . • ¦ ¦" -¦- .- - -'.-.¦ , ¦;-•/?; :- ¦-¦
|27 80— FLAT, 7 large ' sunny - rooms : garden.
. 1S09 Devisadero St.. between Bush and Pine.
; TO LBT--FPRNI3HEP. .
FOR ; sale— Newly . fur»lshed I flat, 4 rooms and
bath. ¦ 411 Ellis * gt.y. near Jones, -y .? '
$25— COMPLETELY furnished flat , of 5 rooms.
1018 Church at. \
r..lT.- > FURNITURE i FOR SALE. - . :
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 60, with No. 7
range.; King Kjiralture Co., 1127-1131 . Market.
:..-¦"- FURW _ IT1 ? R1B WA J ?T EPt --
CAL, Auction Co.,'' 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071. - ¦" :—
BEFORE disposing of your furniture ' see
Golden-Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st .
A. WOLLPERT, • 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1S05 Larkin; tel.Polk694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc 1135 Market st. : tel.- 761 Jessie.
! HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT. C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary »t-
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
¦ Wanted.
Waitresses Waitresses ....... .Waitresses
< For
_ : : .' ' -City, , - . . : '¦¦
: ..' - ¦ Spring, . •» •. •
¦Is,-.. • - - Summer,'
Watering, .
Mountain \ •
Resorts
and
¦h.t Commercial.............. Hotels.- -
Also
Laundresses ...Fancy ironers.... ¦ ... Cooks
Institution nurses. . . . . . .and ..Dishwashers
FAMILY DEPARTMENT. ;
Cooks.... House girls Second girls
Nurse girls.. • and ...... Ranch cooks
Highest wages paid.... Call and select
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
A WAITRESS for a summer retreat, $25, free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY Phone Main 1575.
' "HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses, springs, fares paid; see party
here $20
3 waitresses. Geysers, fares paid $20
Waitress, Lake Tahoe, fare paid..... .$20'
5 .waitresses, coast .....'...$20
15 waitresses, commercial hotel. ...$20 and *2o
S waitresses, city ....j .........$20
Pantry girl, first-class resort, - fare .paid..'.. $20
•4 chambermaids, to wait $20
FAMILY 'DEPARTMENT.
Cook. German style,. $30; second girl, $23;
I many other choice places.
I MRS. M. E. DAY — 335 Geary St.
WANTED— Cook, no wash, $35. Gilroy; Swedish
cook, $35, no.- wash; German cook, $35; 2
laundresses, $30, private family; second work
and nurse. $20; 5 second girls, $20, $25; kitch-
en helper, $25, private family; waitress, $25.
private family; restaurant waitress, $8 a
¦week; - waitresses and chambermaids, coun-
try-hotels, $20 and $25; cook, plain wash,
country, $30.. Apply to J. F. CROSETT, 316
Sutter st. .- . -...'.
WANTED — Intelligent, trustworthy woman,
over 28, by wholesale house; no bookkeeping
or stenography. Box 4336. Call office.
GIRL for general housework; Alameda; $25.
Apply Examiner building, room 607.
SMALL girl to assist with baby; small wages.
3396 Twentieth st. corner Howard.
STEADY sewers on ladies' wear to take work
home. H. FRIEDLANDER, 338 Fell st.
WOMAN to -do housework: 2 in family; ref.
Apply before 2 p. m. Wednesday, 829 Oak st.
WANTED— Girls . at the Contra Costa Laun-
dry, cor. 14th and Kirkham sts., Oakland.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper; must have experi-
ence. Clerks' Bureau, 1CCS 1 ,b Market at., r. 4.*
YOUNG girl to make beds and care two grown
children; wages $6; sleep home. 326 Halght.
GIRL to do chamber work 3 to 4 hours a day;
Gfi-rain preferred. 567 Sixth st;
GIRL for shooting gallery. 424 Dupont st. Call
10 a. m.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework; family of
2; $12 per month; good home for respectable
girl. 924 Fillmore st.. near McAllister. -
$20— RELIABLE Protestant girl; general house-
Work; treated as one of the family, 222
Dolores St., near Sixteenth. ,
WANTED — Woman to ! cook ! in small mining
| • camp in country. Address box 4314, Call.
i COOK and second girl, same house; small
wash; $25 and $20. 1918 Jackson st.
GOOD ' sewer wanted in bindery. MYSELL-
ROLLINS CO.. 22. Clay st. - ¦¦'
OPERATORS end finishers on gents' white
shirts. 535 Valencia.- -. - ..'¦
I LADIES wishing to marry, send address to
MRS. HERTZ. 70S Ellis St.; no charges.
i WANTED — Experienced operators on ladies'
* wrappers; -electric-', power: steady worK.
• MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st. ;
WANTED-^Good finisher; steady work on cus-
tom coats. 927 Market st.', room 623. . •- ' •
! OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 32V4 Fremont St. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. ...
BUTTONHOLE operators to operate on Singer
machine at Levi Strauss & Co.'s overall fac-
i tory. 32«4 Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS. !
FINISHERS on coats. BELASCO & HARRIS
I CO.. 541 Market st.
EXPERIENCED front hands on negligee
shirts. 27 Jessie st. fifth floor. '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. . • ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
reppivpd at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
¦¦ HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT~C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary~st~
Wanted— 1000 men' for new railroad work
Teamsters, laborers, choppers, • drillers, muck-
ers and tunnelmen for
Ukiah
Nevada
Truckee
Coast Road .' ........'...
...Chatsworth Park (Big Tunnel)
Wages from $175 to $2 50 a day.. ..
Free Fare Ship Dally Free Fare
Electrician and engmeer to take charge of and
keep in repair an alternating plant, com-
pressors and air drills. $75 and found. ?? .
,150 laborers for ditch- and levee work, $2 to !
, $2 25' a day: 20 lumber pilers. $35; 20 farmers, i
I milkers and choremen. $35, $30 and $25; black- i
i-. smiths, $40 and $45; wheelwrights. $3.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Extra hotel clerk; second cooks, broilers and
fryers, $70 $60 and $50; cook, country hotel,
north, $50; 20 dishwashers and kitchen hands,
city and country, $30 and $25; Ironer, $40;
hanger up,' $25, for hand laundry, country
hotel. • — ¦ '. -. : j
C. K. HANSEN & CO. ......104 Geary st.
ERRAND boy who knows the city and lives
with parents for our office."
C..R. HANSEN & CO..... 104 Geery' st.
HOTEL cook, country, $50 to $60; bnardlng-
house cook, $40; ¦ restaurant cook. $10 week;
tamale maker, $25 and found; "hotel waiters,
$25; 2 porters, $20; ranch cook. $30; dishwash-
ers, $7 and $8 week, and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
SCANDINAVIAN • coachman, $3ol man and
wife," private family, $50; 2 hay balers; 6
milkers, $30 and $35; assistant dairyman for
. Santa Barbara, $30; farmers. $1 25 day. and
$30 month; teamsters, $1 25 day and. board:
stablemen. $30 and board: choremen, $20 and
¦ $25; man about place, $25; miners, laborers
for mines, mills and other work, $1 75, $2 25
day. and others. J.- F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st. .
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. <
59 Third St., near. Call bldg. . Phone Bush 405.
100 railroad laborers, S." P. Co.'s own work,
L. A. and Santa Barbara dlv...".:.$l 75, $2 50
100 men for new road.... $2 and $2 60 per day
.....:..•.;....... FREE FARE ...................
Office fee' for above......../........... ...$l
10 harvest bands .\.. ............ $2 per day
, : 10 lumber pilers .'.$35 per month and board
10 men for rock quarry .....$2 25, free fare
Teamster, country.. ...:..... ....$1 25 and found
2 handy men for machine shop/country...:..
Milker, . country, 18 cows $30 per month
Blacksmith, country .•..*..'...'....... ..$3 per day
Experienced bookkeeper.$75 to $100 per month
8. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 323 Kearny st.
BO R.' R.. laborers, Ukiah and Sta. Barbara,
free fare: E0 laborers for lumber mill, ship
f Thjirs. ; , 20 - laborers and 20 teamsters. $2 25,
country, fare $1 20; man for. kitchen,' $20 & fd.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm 12.
Second cook, country hotel, $60; steward,
-•miners' boarding-house, $40. • .
A. MAN- to. wash dishes and help. in kitchen,
' mountain ; resort. 1 $30,' fare paid.
MRS. M. • E. ' DAY— — 303 Geary st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 027 Market St., room 207.
. I. j LESS. Secretary; .telephone Jessie 1176. ;
WANTED— Six active men; steady - employ-
menti'JoO per month; $5 returnable deposit re-
quired. S.; D. KNAPP & CO., 113 . Stockton
¦ st., ¦ room 6. -.. - - . --- - ¦_* .-.- ':..-¦¦¦',
WANTED— A first-class ironer on skirts, shirt
waists, etc. ; a steady.' place; wages $30 and
i. found. Address or telephone Stanford French
"- Laundry, . Palo Alto.". • . -; . ., ¦ ¦ - ... ,
WANTED— Sober, active, middle-aged man
. who can deliver i * or 6 cans milk; $15 , and
found. Call at 526 Fourth st., * 6 a. ; m. ; or
...S.p.v.m.' ' • ¦...¦¦ ¦'^ ¦'¦ . ¦-.:.,¦, '¦'"
WANTED—Young man i to ; learn barber trade
in ' private shop; : $20 required. Call 5 at ¦¦¦ 704
..Howard st.;' room 25,- top floor. ¦•';¦: •.: '.'*'- -,~ ':.¦: -
WANTED-^Steady young man to assist gener-
. ally - in ; light -. indoor work ; ' $15 " per : week ' to
start ; ; must have $100 cash. ¦ 25 , Geary, *, r. \ I. f .
A PAPERHANGER ; . non-union ; j no .office fees?
: Mechanics' Registration '. Bureau; 410 . Kearny
;. «t., -room -,i(. -:-., -r.-.-v,-, :;:;-. \r-.r-^'<< ¦:$&&$!£
T- \ HELP -WAKTEP-^— MALE— -Con."'
A— MURRAY & READY ...Phone Main 584S
LEADING EMPLOYMENT AND LABOR
'AGENTS. ¦
,..r:......'..WANT-7 A. M." TO-DAY.:........;.
C. N. W.RY. CO. AND S. P.R.R. CO...:.
..........FREE PASS
;WE ship..morning:.noon and night
60 teamsters, Ukiah. $2 day ..free fare,
60 1 laborers, Ukiah, $2 day.... free fare
. 1C0 laborers,' Santa Barbara dlv .free fare
'. 150 laborers, Los Angeles dlv free fare
Free fare... .....Ship dally........ Office fee.il
.............MECHANICAL HELP ........
. Carpenter for gold -mining company..... ...$75
! 4 more carpenters,- large company, 8 hours'
.work, $3 day; blacksmith's helper, sawmill.
$50 and found; ranch blacksmith, $40; rough
carpenter. $40; blacksmith, camp, north, $SO;
2 stone cutters,' • mining company; machinists,-
pipe fitters, bollermakera and helpers
MINERS FARE) PAID LABORERS
1 2 machine miners, Slskiyou Co, $75 to $82 60
and found; fare paid
6 single hand miners, new gold mine, $75; 6
muckers, $60; 5 laborers, no experience, $60;
2 roustabouts, gold mine, $52 50; 10 drillers,
I $75; 23 strong laborers to do mucking, large
mining company, $60 . and found ; 15 quarry-
men, $60; 60 laborers for : factories, brick
yards, etc.; 1600 laborers, city and country,
$175 to $2 60 day... :.....
MISCELLANEOUS
Stableman for winery, $30; groom for gentle-
man's etable; well digger;' 6 stablemen, city
and country; 20 men for a large lumber com-
pany, to work In mills, yards and woods, no
experience required, $40 -to $65 and found: :
- deck hands, $40
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT......
750 men to work in hay and harvest on farms,
orchards and vineyards, $1 23 to $2 60 day;
60 milkers, $30 to $40; cheesemaker, $35; 6 men
to work on hay press, 20c ton; choremen
and boys ....'
BUTCHERS....... STEWARDS -....'.'..COOKS
Steward for a large company's boarding
house, $40; butcher, shop near city, $50;
butcher and drive wagon, country shop;
washer, hand laundry,' $50: night cook,. $10
week;" cook, small resort, $35; 15 cooks, har-
vest crews and ranches; 12 waiters, country
hotels; baker, $60; porters, ketchen help,' etc.
MURRAY & READY.' 634-636 Clay st.
SOBER German; understands care of horses .
and wagons and light porter work; wages $10
per week.- Apply 300 Hayes St., Call branch. :
AGENTS wanted in every town on the Pacific
Coast to advertise and sell medicine; good
commission. 1327 Market St.. room 3.
TAILORS. ROOS BROS*., 25-37 Kearny st. ' \
WANTEDi-Errand boy for this office. 816 Sut-
ter st. __:_
BOY wanted to learn plumbing trade or
plumber's helper. Apply 1526 Polk st. \
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d ets. "
BOY to do porter work; wages $4 per week.
212 O'Farrell st. \ ;
WANTED— Steady lunch waiter at 517 Mont-
gomery st. !
BOY -wanted. Apply O2 Kearny et. 3
GOOD barber for Wednesday, Saturday and ]
Sunday; steady. 872% Howard st.
WANTED— A good waiter at 18 East st.
AMATEUR sfligers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 p. m. this evening.^,
GERMAN cook wanted. Apply 1354 Post St.,
between 10 a. m. and 4 p. m. •
"WANTED — A good tailor / or vest and pants
maker. 438 Geary st. /
GOOD i dishwasher. Capital Restaurant, 20«
McAllister st. - ,
WANTED^-A shoemaker on repairing; steady '
work. 5S3 Mission st.
A GOOD djshwasher wanted at 315 Grant ave. 1
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: $60 i
- monthly paid our. graduates; two months ,
completes;' more • calls for. our barbers than i
we can supply; tools presented; wages Sat- ;
urdays; diplomas granted; busy season now; \
call or write ¦ for our special offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay St.
WANTED — Hard rock miners, -wages $2 50 per
day; laborers, wages $2 per day; board is SIS
I per month; doctor's fees, $1 25 per month.
Apply to the New Idria Q. Mining Co.. Idria, ,
San Benlto County, Cal., JAMES G. FINCH.
Superintendent.
SOMETHING entirely new; the Boston Instl- :
tute. oC Autoshaving; a school for teaching '
men the art of shaving themselves. For par- >
tirulars call at office, hours 10 to 12 a. m. and '
1 to 4 and 6 to S p. m.. 105 Ellis st., room 31. '
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective As- i
soclatlon, foreman, second and third bread <
bakers; also confectioners; good'pay; perma- i
.nent positions. 127 Masonst. '
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know .
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, i still .
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 large '-,
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. ]
• PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLTS. '
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G..A. R., room 40. Phelan bldg., 806 Market. •
SHOEMAKERS wanted — Lasters,' puller-overs ¦
.on Ideal .lasting machine; good pay to the !
right men. Apply .foreman. 103 Mission st. '
ENGRAVERS wanted. California Photo-En- <
graving Co., 513 Market St.; steady work; i
highest wages. ; •- . 1
WANTED— A blacksmith helper at 1528 San ,
Bruno are. . - / t
£00 MEN to buy suits made to order, $1 per '
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st. '
WANTED — Good barber: steady Job. Apply '
723 Fourth St., San Rafael. . Tel Red 15.
1 . <
EXPERIENCED bookbinder wanted. Myseli- i
Rollins Co., 22 Clay st. ., " - .
YOUNG man to go on the road; $150 mo.; $600
required. 906 Market. st., room 8.
WILL sell 3-chalr barber shop; centrally lo- '
lated. Address JOE HART. 15 Stockton st.
BOY wanted to help In blacksmith shop. 1221
Webster st.. near Ellis. i
WANTED— A. bartender that Is a good man to j
' • serve a lunch: Apply G24 Seventh st.
WANTED— 100 quarry men and rock drillers. [
Apply 232 Montgomery st. ¦ • .
McDO^ALD & PERRY have 50O pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c. 241 Third st. . 1
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships 'for all parts of i
world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St. "
ALL elzen men's shoes, slightly damaged,, half
price. £63 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.' j
WANTED— 5C0 men to buy new and 2d-hand .
army shoes. $1 up; soling: 20c up. 923 Howard.
AT cash prices for $i per week, men's suits to
onler. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
MEN to learn* barber trade; catalogue mailed .
free. ; S. F. Barber School, 741 A Howard ! sti .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar- 3
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free .
. .'bus and baggage to and from ferry. [ ]
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at \ Call branch office, 220O Flllmore.
A BRANCH of flee for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
:: HORSES AND WAGONS. ~
40. HORSES for sale; also wagons, . buggies, "
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market, J
Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. * . j
BUSINESS buggy sold, balance going quickly; .
elegant rubber-tire surrey, sound young horse u
and double harness, worth $500; goes quick
for less than half; best offer takes it; will
\ sell part. 125 Geary st. . 5
ELEGANT rubber-tire surrey, double surrey \
. harness, well-broken, sound young thorough-
bred horse, for less than half of cost;: best
cash offer takes all or part. 125 Geary st. . j
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast .
.pacers. .721 Howard £t. . . ...,'.-¦ (
GRAY . pacer,< buggry and harness/cheap; also .
- three ladles' ¦ saddles. 21 City : Hall ave. ' {
CHEAP horse; suitable for camper. 816 Treat -
arenue. • '' '¦¦¦'.'¦ 1
FAMILY cow for sale. Apply, 57 Bernal ave. ]
FOR sale — A good light buggy. $15. ¦ JAMES /
- NEWMAN. 140 Steiner st. ; fruit store.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness <
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON.; 2117 Mission st.
AN -A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light I
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532, Mission.
HORSES ! WANTED. ~ 7 ~~~ - 1
HORSES wanted, to .work. on scraper Job; four y
or five months' work.'. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery st.. room 25. ¦
i :..¦;.-': houses to let. > ; : ' -
A— PRINTED list houses let ; send i for ' clr- .
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery. "
AT 24 : Morris ' ave., r oft Harrison, . near.. 6th— ".
¦ -sunny 5- room house, $13; in good order; water
r,- free; appreciated if seen.. . ,'
NEWLY furnished house; reasonable; by dav,
: week or month. 417 Powell. ¦>•;.''."•
TOi let— 3 rooms, . with ' stable. Apply 624 Sev-
jenth-at/. .: ..... -. .". ¦»,- . ; - . -
1XSTAKTAXEOUS WATER HEATER! :
HOT. bath in ten minutes at cost of 2Hc; saves
1 1 fire in range ; you light your flame and by the
-•time you are 'disrobed your bath is ready; no -
; ¦ danger from explosion ; sold on Installments ; J
"t- call .' and .: see ; it in- operation. . RIBBON -
..WATER-HEATING CO.. Exam. bldg.. r. 607. i
LOST AND ~ r FOTTSII. .
WILL" party "kindly return bills to O'Brien &
Spotarno, California Market, ¦ and receive re-
ward. , ¦• ".- ',"> .. - - - ''¦¦ '
STRAYED from Bakers Beach— Roan horse,
i one white fetlock on hind leg and scar on
- right front leg near hoof. Notify 2912 Mis-
elon st. and receive reward.
"Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell, bet.' Powell and Mason.
* . MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
- send 10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ, 7»6 Ellis
M^ PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROB., 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist: those who desire to
- obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male comolalnts relieved by treatment /'su-
perior to all others; the only - treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dlf-
. ncult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W^ODO^WE^L^lW^JlaTket.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
. derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
Indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea,
gonorrhea and all troubles of male and female
.sexual organs; treat yourself;, be your own
/doctor; 4 months' suppository treatment. $4;
maternity home; bust developer: send stamp
for circulars. 1126 Market St.. 8. V.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give in-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases Immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped: no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1123
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Post st
to 410 O'Farrell; reliable ladles' specialist; 2S
years' successful practice; guar. treatment at
office; any ailment; private home for patients
before and during confinement; low .fees.-
DR. and Mrs. Davles, 122S Market; our regula-
tor Is a treatment superior to 'others, has
brought health and happiness to thousands of
anxious, suffering" and despondent women;
office treatment; guaranteed; strictly reliable.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, 1035 Market, bet.
6th & 7th— Expert specialists; well known and
.reliable ;25.yrs.experlence; treatment guarant'd
to give Instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never falls; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best cure: fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1118 Market, nr. Maaon.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW. cor. O. G. ave. & Flllmore.
MIXES AND BIIXIXC.
MONTEZUMA COPPER COA1. COKE j
MONTEZUMA COPPER COAL — - COKE
MONTEZUMA —COPPER COAL COKE
" Montezuma shares are now. 15a cash or 17o
on installments. Another advance soon. Why
pay a higher price?
" INSTALLMENT TERMS.
500 shares $5 down and $5 monthly.
1000 shares $10 down and $5 monthly.
2000 shares $20 down and $10 monthly. .
2000 shares $25 down atfS $12 monthly.
6000 shares $30 down and $20 monthly.
These liberal installment terms are equivalent
to an option on as many shares as you wish
at the price named. Options to August 1 at 20c.
It should be a satisfaction to Investor! or.
intending investors touknow a proposition will
bear critical investigation. Read the following
opinion of a Contra Costa County shareholder —
a shrewd, hard-headed Englishman, whose
judgment counts for much:
A CALIFORNIAN VISITS THE MONTEZUMA
MINES.
Concord, Cal.. June 27. 1301.
J. S. C. Thompson, Esq., General Manager
American Guaranty and Trust Company, San
San Francisco:
Dear Sir— Having Just returned from a visit
to the Montezuma Mining Company's proper-
ties near Fairfax, Wash.. I desire to say that
I am more than pleased with what I saw. I
found everything humming at the coal camp,
fcawmill l getting out lumber, carpenters busy
at the flume, .miners extending the coal drift,
and everything progressing favorably. After
spending nearly a day examining the coal prop-
osition, and having satisfied myself that i'
the Montezuma had no copper at all. it had a
very profitable business in. its immense seams
of coal, I rode out to the Mowich camp (the
Tacoma mine, but I prefer to call It the Mo-
ivich, as being the more distinctive name).
The camp is in process of being enlarged, a.
second log- house being nearly finished, and
when ready the working force at this mine will,
I understand, be considerably increased. As it
Is, the v maln tunnel Is now In over 200 feet, sev-
eral cross sections have been made, and a sec-
ond tunnel started down at. the river level.
Every indication points to the fact that the
Montezuma has in this Mowich copper mine
a fund of almost inexhaustible wealth. You
can see that the mine Is a good -one, but how
good it remains to be proved. The rule is for
cooper to be richer and better the deeper you
go*' At least I saw enough to convince me that
In investing- in the Montezuma I had gotten
hold of a good thing. I am quite content to
await developments, and' am ready whenever
the funds are available to increase my holding
in the company. The shares would be cheap
at par.
•I had a most enjoyable trip, -was cordially
received by the officers of the company and
was only sorry I could not spar? the time to
stay longer and see rcore of the beautiful State
of Washington. Yours faithfully,
GEO.' R. WARD.
A Petaluma client increased his holdings by
4C0O shares because a friend of his Is "ac-
quainted with the properties and declares they
are all the company claims for them." Clients
resident in San Francisco and vicinity yester-
day added 30,000 shares to their holdings. The
Montezuma is tffe- only, company that has cop-
per, coal and coke "all under one roof." The
consensus of opinion arming . investigators is
that It offers the best opportunity for Invest-
ment before the people to-day. Address *
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
Selling Agents,
-310 Safe Deposit building, San Francisco.
Telephone Main B803.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, - 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
. INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 193-197 Fremont St.
BARS," back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on'
one floor, ready made.: we can ship everything
' in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021, 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
. ' Bines, boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulleys,
etc.- WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
A$3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
AT 3c a roll, good wall paper; paper-hanging,
painting. 1302 Webater; tel.. Jackson 1321.
2D-HAND machinery all kinds bought, sold.
rented, exchanged. H. 3. White. 616 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
$64 MAGIC • lantern and moving 'picture ma-
chlne $37 50. 109 Montgomery st.
ONE 4-horsepower Covey engine: -one V&-
horsepower Hercules; bargain. 910 Kearny.
SAFES— New and second hand. K THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J.-. BURKE. 139 Beale st. . - - ¦
FAIRBANKSMO-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
GASOLINE engines. 2d-hand. and /other 'ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein, (533 Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxoma.
FIRST-CLASS~second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
ture3. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
We pay big prices for sealskins. - Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
MISC.BLLAXKOUS WAST9. ~*
TILTON • wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially
sklrta. . street dresses. 154 9th; tel. Folsom 2522.
HI MONEY TO LOAN. ~~~~
an t"amount~atTper cent . \ .T.^TT-T^
First, second. and' third mortgages..;......,..
' Undivided interest in real estate In probate.
Mortgages -. and - legacies bought; no delay.
•Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st., room 8.
A— MONEY : to loan at rates which people can
afford -, to ¦ pay A on ' furniture, pianos, etc. ; " do
¦not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their ! friendship; ¦ do business with strangers
and you will -be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms, 9 and 10, 906 Market St.' -
MOST reliable place to borrow on' diamonds.
I watches. Jewelry. W. J. HE8THAL, 10 Sixth;
< highest - price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
¦ ¦ MOVEV TO 1.OAX— -Con-Unwed.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estate*, legacies, chattel mortgages : Mteur-
Ities. manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests: corporation loans. R. 16 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAX. & OLSEN.
IF YOUR raOPERTT. _ ra MORTGAGEr>
and'you'noed more money, nee H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided interests In estates, second mort-
gages. etc. v
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
libtral advances on diamond*^ Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 946 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on ' furniture, etc.. by Prijato
- party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room «8.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; - no " m ,°T a i :
low rate;strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r 1.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81. 8 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no lndorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 209 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sangome St.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; Ioan3 and discounts.
321 Parrott building. _^____
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Eiamlner building.
MUSICAL IX STKUMESTS.
WE have decided to offer every one who buys
a new piano from us during the month of
July a special cut In price amountln* to
about 30 per cent discount for cash, purchases
and 20 per cent on installments wlier* all
payments are closed up within two years;
our regular prices have always been consid-
erably lower than many houses charge for
same class of croods and tber« will be no
raise to offset the cut: Just think what this
means to you— a $500 piano for $330. $400 for
$2S0. $300 for $210; call and see the instru-
ments. Decker, Baumelster. Smith it Barr*^a
and Marshall Sc. Wendell. THE ZEXO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. .
LUDWIG plan©*, * .
Steck pianos.
Hardman pianos. -.-*-,;
Packard pitnos.
Everett pianos. > '>: ."
They are the best and for sale only by the
new piano house. WILET B. ALLEN CO..
933 Market st., S. F. .(Oakland branch. 961
Broadway.) ¦_¦ ¦ ¦ '
ALL pianos purchased "of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may b« exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. M per
month; some good pianos sold lor $3, H and
$3 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY * Pp..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny ana Butter
sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway "and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
ANT piano sold by us taken back any ttm«
within 3 years and full purchase pile* al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHAflfl, 30
O'Farrell St.; established 1350.
A LIST of flne second-hand bargains— 1 Emor-
* son, 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conever, 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. $75. $125. 1145, etc; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & 8ON, II 0'Farrell St.,
Chickerlnsr, /Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
ALL makes; great bargain; $50 op; _ rents »
up allowed; we want agents; pianos furnished
free; you get first, money when yon selL
HEINE PIANO CO., a7'Qeary st.
BARGAINS— Halnes, $290; Kramer. $13S; Nleu--
• mann $140 : Cable. . $173. W. C. HAMILTON.
3 Flood building.
IF you wish first-class repair work done call
and inspect our factory. BYRON" MAUZY,
303 Post st. .
KEEFFBTS, 314 Post— Bargains this week:
Shontnger. Schubert. Behnlng and Schumann
pianos. ' .
TWO upright pianos left on sale; Fisher $33,
Chlckering $185. Room 38. 217 Geary st.
ELEGANT "standard upright piano: little used;
party leaving city; sacrifice. 7S2 Ellis St.
WANTED— Steinway upright; good cash price
for good piano; no dealers. Box 3319, Call.
GOOD • second-hand upright for sal* cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st. ¦_
A SPLENDID Steinway; uprights $100; pianos
rented $2 upward. BRUENy. 203 Post st .
$S0— FINE upright: baby grand Stelnway: other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory. 1729 Mission.
A LARGE lot of second-hand uprlR-ht pianos
¦ for sale cheap. HORNUNG'9. 215 McAllister.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. S60 Hayes st.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Alllster st. p
AT WILSON'S STORAGE, 1706 Market St.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LIGHT, cheerful offices; $15 and $20l Emma
Spreckels building. 927 Market st.
STORE and G living rooms: sunny, modern.
SS08 Seventeenth St.. near Sanches. ' i.--
OIL.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating en 2120 acres of o'.l land in nln«
districts. Office, 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c; biy advance
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and
Investment Co.. 326 Poet. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, "second hand. In good-.. order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. VVHlTEy 515 SHsslon St.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist: head and faoa
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st.
MME. GERMAINE, the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast: 1 to 5. 906 Market st.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientlflo palmist. 515
Taylor St.. b«t. Geary and Post: tel. Black 51.
PAIXTERS AND DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good rell-
able work. Clark's. S08 Larkin: tel.Lnrktti 10<W
"~ fg PERSONALS. ,
CALIFORNIA AERIAL. NAVIGATION CO.,
successors to Stanley Aerial Navigation Co..
Is now building its great ship of the air at
Its shipyard, corner of Fell and Baker sts.:
a limited number of shares for a limited time
is now being offered to the public at $1 per
share at Us office, 306 Pins st., room I; call
for particulars.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you'are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 4S3 Geary st.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
. Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market: 70O rooms;
25c to $150 per night; $1 SO to $$ per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuln*
Scotch. $15 .up; fine dress suits, 120 up;- ele-
gant - overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS, - 1117
Marked st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WANTED— Lady hairdressers to act as agents
for Byer's Scalp Tonio and Hair Restorer.
Call at 252 Ellla gt. ¦
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1313 Stockton st., near Broadway.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
BOHEMIAN Dennatological. r. S, 131 Post—
' Electric needle used; hair and facial treatm't.
POISON oak cured In one application or no pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. 4u9 Hayes st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
Ladles' and gents' . cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom ;tel.Folsom 1181.
TAILOR made suits. $7 50; dress pant3. $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Harriet -Welch,- 2ti5 Bush: hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat. : electrolysis; 17 years* exper.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st. .
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
PH Y S 1 Cl AX S / A X P sr.KGKO.N3.
DR. - C. C. O'DONNKLL— Office and restd>nce7
1021 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats'all diseases of' the human body: see
'testlmcnlala-at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Elite.
: ¦ PILES. _._-_-.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures hers In your
midst: many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over 50 names . of prominent • business men
sent as reference; -no chloroform, surgery or
. delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, j box 1930. Call
office. :B. F.. CaL .-..-, . .Distance by Rail Between the Two
Cities Will Soon Be
Shortened. '
DENVER, . July 2.— A [ new short line
railway, that will decrease the . distance
by rail between Denver and Salt Lake
City, is projected by the incorporators of
the Denver and Salt Lake Railway, Tun
nel and Mining Company that filed papers
with the Secretary of State to-day. It
Is capitalized at $5,000,000. The Incorpora
tors are J. E. Ratchford of Syracuse, N.
Y., and John J.-Reiley, D. W. Hannum,
I* N. Cullis and David J. Kelly of Den
ver- The company- Intends to complete
and use the Atlantic and Pacific tunnel,
projected by "Brick" Pomeroy, which
Hanford bought at Sheriff's sale on March
4 last. It Is proposed to begin construc
tion work next spring.* *
State Department Ignores Claim.
WASHINGTON. July 2.— The State De
partment has declined, to prosecute the
claim of Charles S. Allen, an 'American,
against - th*e Government of Mexico.- Al
len was arrested for working on a broken
water pipe in the streets of Ensenada
without the permit of the municipality.
The result of the judicial proceedings was
his final discharge by the Superior Court,
but he claimed damages for imprison
ment. The State- Department holds that
there has been no denial of justice and
if there had been malicious prosecution
the local tribunals afforded an ample
remedy. . . •
Flow Salesmen Are Beleased.
MINNEAPOLIS, July 2.-A» a result of
the plow consolidation It Is expected that
nearly 100 . Northwestern traveling men
will be forced to look for new positions.
About fifty of these to-day travel out ol
Minneapolis. The release of these sales
men will constitute the largest wholesale
discharge ¦ since the tobacco trust was
formed. .' . . ¦ ¦'- - ¦ .: .
DENVER AND SALT LAZE
TO HAVE A NEW BOAD
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
W R- Butler, Omaha
Sam'l Frldman, USA
Mrs S C Conner, N Y
Thos Conner, NY
John Flnnell, Colusa
Miss Martha Forrester,
- Colusa '
O W Crawford. Cal ;
F A Barr,>Los Ang,
W H Ryan. Redland
E HAbadie, St Louis
DM Traynor, N Mex
H ' Bareemann, St L
R H Wilson, Boston
J Wilson & w, Fresno
S Hoffman,- Germany
H Schnel, Berlin - .
A W Hare.f England
O E Turner," England
B L Yeuken & W, Eng
Miss .Tonks. England
p Tonks, England
Madame de Rlghema,
¦London '
Sig de Righema, Lond
8 Weis, New Orleans
J W Deardln, England
M B Ferguson, Glasgw
Mrs Leo Meyers, c, i &
m, Auckland
D E Thornton, London
C von Haun, Honolulu
F von Haun, Honolulu
T W Morgan, Cardiff •
J W Morgan, Cardiff
J W T Nichols, NY
Geo Nichols. NY
J G Woods. Phlla
Wm Walters, Honolulu
F Beaudry & w, Cal
F A Hoyt & w, N J
H U Hoyt. N J '
F E Nichols, Honolulu
H W Helss, N Y
R B Beals, Boston
J J White, Sacto
Chas Kohn, Portland
A H White, N Y
J A Jaeger, D C
J M Engle, Oulncy, 111
F H Short & w, Fresno
Rich A Parker, Boston
Mary Van Buren, Bos
Prince J de Broglie,
Paris '
Prince A. de Broglie,
Paris ¦
Marc Fassy. Paris '
L Robert, Paris ' '
B L Doheny & w, LosA
FP Mills. Coulterville
T M Vail, Santa Bar
MIss'M O Taylor. S B
Mrs E R Vail, Santa B
Mrs Guh Lion, San J
B M Lion, San Jose
J F Campion, . Denver
J A CaldweU. N Y
GRAND HPTEL.
P Lyman, Fresno : •
Mrs Craig, Woodland
Mrs Simpson, "\yoodlnd
Miss MA Craig, Wdld
Miss C B Craig, Wdld
T Simmons, Tehama
O Harney, Marj'svllle
A Blossom, Stockton
E W Astel, U.S A.: -
E A Cord, . Benlcia —
H R Bickford, Montery
O Scrlbner,- Bakergfleld
R Barton & w. Fresno
Dr Ta&tcart, Bkersfleld
J Herney, Los Ang -
M E Goodhue, Chicago
N Slmcott & w, S Jose
J Pollock, .Gilroy ,
J Boyd, Marysvlllc -.
Mrs G Smith. Wash
R Moore & w, Stockton
J McCudden, Vallejo
Miss McCudden. ValleJ
E Oppenhelm & w. Fin
A ' A Dodworth, NY.
J.W-Flnney Cal ,-
F: Murphy, :Pa .-¦:' V
8 Smalley, Chicago .
H C Thalter. Los Ang
WKlny, -w & d, N Zld
E C Hart, Sacto V
W , E Doan, Sacto ; ;
O -A Cooke, .Honolulu .
,T;C?Bush,- England' •
S Williamson. N Zlnd
W Fickert, Red Bluff.
H Flckert, Red Bluft
M Towsley, Red Bluff
AW Colter, Toledo, Q
D McGilyvay, Pasadena
F..O Hihii. Santa Cruz
Mrs Patton, c Am. Hll
H Carlyou & w. N Zld
L Chavaue, Paris
F Coombs, Napa
II S Qerr, Napa
Miss F Ross. Iowa •
Misa Li Ross, Iowa
Mrs Dermer, Honolulu
J J Ickes, Helena, Mon
J F Ickes, Helena,. Mn
S, Chase, Mill Valley
P Wilson, Stockton / . '
Miss Laughlin, Honolu
M Helnricl &, w, Eurka
P Taylor & w, Los Ang
W E Perren, San Jose
J W Gasklll. Sacto
Va Patterson. Etnfd TJ
J - H ¦ Jones. Honolulu -
J Harrington, San L O
J-Whlttier & w. B G
J Morrison, Ft Jones
MA Call. Iowa - .
A \V Howard. Ind
T Burns, N J- . *•-¦'¦]¦
F B Hannaway, R !¦
C N Trlcker, N Yi--
Ruth B. and Martin Aronsohn to Frank An
ton Meyer, lot on SB corner of Washington
and Devisadero streets, S 27:8V4 by E 110; 110.
German Savings and Loan Society to Charles
H. Olinger, lot on W line of Portola street. 291
S of Waller, S 25 by W 90, lot 17, block 2,
Marioif Tract (Hospital Lot); $10.
Estate of Daniel J. O'Brien (by Margaret
Ford) (Cassidy), (administratrix) to Mary Oil
llgan, all interest in lot on W line of Norfolk
street, 312:10 S of Folsom. S 19:8, AV 67:6, N
22:4&, E 68:9; $400. . .
Estate of Margaret O'Brien (by same ad
ministratrix) to same, all Interest in same; $100.
Welsh Presbyterian Congregation of San
Francisco (a corporation) to Michel and Marie
Lapeyri lot on S line of Thirteenth street, 25:8
W of Jessie, W 40 by S 95; 54350.
-David B. and Lena M. Beaven, to Joseph
Hutchinson, lot on E line of Valencia street.
85 S of Twenty-sixth, 8 32:11 by E 125; *10.
E3tate of Thomas Considlne (by P. Boland,
administrator) to L. W. Hollingsworth, all in
terest in lot on S line of Duncan street, 240 E
of Noe, E'25 by S 114; $250.
Ella H. and Frank H. Tyler to William A.
Lynch lot on N line of Twentieth street, 100
E.of Eureka, E 25 by N 110; $10.
Harriet E. Turnbull to Minnie E. Barrett,
lot on W line of Montgomery street, 37:6 N
of Filbert. N 25-by W 87:6; $10. i
Estate of William 'E. Brown (by Delia J. F.
Wood, executrix) to C. E. Knickerbocker, lot
on SE corner of Pine and Taylor streets. E 53:6
by S 87:6; $12,673. ,, , ,
William H. Crocker to Calvin E. Knicker
bocker, same, quitclaim deed; $1.
Calvin E. and Janet Knickerbocker to John
G Barker, undivided halt of same; $10.
Leon and Llnnie ¦ Kauffman to Minnie P.
Shotwell, lot on S line of Eddy street/ 137:6 W
Of Mason, W 55 by S 137:6; $20. . ,.
Charles and Franceses, Franzol to Lorenzo
Compangno. lot on S line of California street,
137:6 E of Larkin. E 28 by S 137:6; $12,500.
- James Mahon to Helena Mahon. lot on N line
of ElliB street, 62:6 W of Hyde, W 25 by N 87:6;
B Charles A. Hug to Bertha A. Behlow, lot on
E corner of Second and Natoma streets, SE 47
by NE 75: $10. .- ..-.¦• . ' -_ . _ - - .
Mary'T. Connolley to Mary E. J. .Williamson.
James Conley. Annie T. McGary and Mary R.
Egan, lot on NW line of. Mission street, 325 NE
of Seventh, NE 25 by NW 85; gift.
Isaack or Isaac K. and E. V. Kohn to Union
Trust Company. loCon SE line of Berry street,
275 NE of Seventh, NE 137:6 by SE 240; $10.
Margaret A. Mee to James F. Lawler, lot on
N line of Heron street, 145 NE of Eighth, N 69
by E 20; $10. ,
Ellen Ryan to George W. Brown, lot on NE
line of Langton street, 130 NW of Bryant, NW
25 by NE 75; $10.
John H. and Ellen G; Grady to Solomon Getz,
lot on E line of Seventeenth avenue, 271:1 S of
California street, S 50 by E 120; $10.
Charles S. and Mary Jurpes to James Mc-
Glinchey, lot on' S line of Thirtieth street, 175
W of Merced, W 35 by S 123, block 23, Mission
and Thirtieth streets Homestead Union; $10.
James T. Donahue vs. A. B. Southard, Joseph
Martin (by Edwin Schwab, referee) to San
Francisco and San Mateo Electric Railway
Company (corporation), lot on E corner of Una
dllla and San Jose avenues, SE 454, NE 449, NW
416, SW 451, block 29, West End Map 1; $9000., ,
Builders' Contracts.
J. J. McNamara (owner) with Jones, Peter
son & Rountree (contractors), architect "Fred
H." Meyer— Grading, foundations, chimneys,
frame work, carpenter work, tinning, plaster
ing, painting and plumbing for a frame struc
ture on N line of Broadway, . 62:6 E of Pierce
street, N 137:6 by E 30; $9655.
' James L. Flood (owner) with ¦W. W. -Mon
tague & Co. (a corporation) (contractors), ar
chitect Julius E. Krafft— Marble mosaic work
on walls and floor and marble base and thres
holds in conservatory for a three-story resi
dence with basement on N line of Broadway,
137:6 W of Buchanan street. W 137:6, N 175:6,
E 137:6, S 17:6. E 1:6. S 157:6; $1055. ¦-.•••
Vereln Eintracht (corporation) (owner) with
M. Stein (contractor), architects Martens &
Coftey— Repainting, erainin*. tinting.- varnish
ing and whitewashing for building on lot on
NE line of Twelfth street, between Howard
and Folsom. No. 237 Twelfth street: $1225.
Mary J. Sheanon (wife of John) (owner) with
Fred Miller (contractor), architect Henry Gell
fiiss—Excavation, brick, carpenter, mill and
stair work. *lazlnK; plastering, cement work,
roofing/ tin work and hardware for a 2-story
and basement frame building (2 flats) on lot
on W line of Folsom street, . 100 S of Seven
teenth. S 24 by W 122:6; $3000.
RF. AT. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
. . • - t Charges.
STv LOUIS,* July 2.— A dispatch from
Jefferson City, Mo., states that, in ac
cordance with an order sent out last week
by. the Board of Railway and Warehouse
Commissioners to the presidents J of the
St. Louis and San Francisco and the Kan
sas City, Fort Scott and Minneapolis rail
roads to appear t here to-day and answer
interrogatories concerning rumors of a
proposed consolidation -of their lines In
violation of the laws of Missouri, General
Attorney L. F. Parker of the San Fran
cisco and General Attorney I. P. Dana of
the Memphis road appeared before the
board- and submitted statements under
oath regarding the proposed • purchase of
the Memphis by the San Francisco.
They declare that the "Frisco" has not
purchased the line of the Memphis sys
tem'from Kansas- City to Springfield,
known as the Kansas City, Clinton- and
Springfield, nor has it secured the line of
the Memphis road from Fort Scott Junc
tion to Springfield. These are the only
lines which ¦ parallel the "Frisco" and
•which would be prohibited by the laws of
Missouri. The "Frisco" gets the line of
the Memphis from Springfield to Mem
phis. The Commissioners have taken no
action on the statements submitted by the
attorneys.
Attorneys for Eastern Lines Appear
in Court to Make Reply to
RAILROAD MEN" SAY : ' r
LA.W IS 2TOT VIOiLATED
THE SAN FRAJNU1SUO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULX;3. 1901.
11
ICTFrlends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at his
late i residence. 962 Webster street, Oakland.
Cremation at Odd Fellows* Cemetery, San
Francisco. • -
(CyFriends and -acquaintances are respect-
,. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
1 (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2904 Sixteenth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
WELLER— In Stockton, Mary Jane_ "Weller.
. mother of James and Sylvester Herrlman, a.
native of Indiana, aged 69 years.
WHIDDEN-In Oakland. July, 2, 1901, Will lam
G., beloved husband of Llllle Whidden, son
. of Mrs. Sarah Whidden. and brother of
George A. and Myron A. Whidden. a native
of San Francisco, aged 43 years 7 months and
22 days. A member of Oakland Parlor No.
60, N. S..G..W.'- T
and father of Percy Stapleton, . a native of
England, aged 45 years 1 month and 3 days.
STEIGER (nee -HARMAN)— In this city, July
1. 1901. Elian, beloved wife -of Andrew C.
Steistr. , mother of Myrtle and Russell - Stel-
ger, daughter of Sarah and the late WU-
. Ham Harman, and sisfer or William, Frank,
George and Sadie "Harman. 'a native of San
Francisco, .'aged 28 years 11 months and 20
days. . . • . • ¦ - - ¦ - •
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOH SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL." '
10 Montgomery Street.
PARK LODGE CORKER,
PARK- I
STANTAN.
s
3 £
Price Only $15,000.
Size lOOxlOC.
JSOOO— CORNER FLATS. RENTS 564.
ONLT $1500 CASH KEEDED
Three eleeant corner eunny flats of 6 and 6
rooms and bath each; extra, wide frontage;
Fun in every room; natural wood mantels;
porcelain tubs; nickel-plated plumbing; con-
veniently laid out.
Paye 2 per cent net per month; convenient
to Mission. Twenty-second and Castro 6t-
cam.
Go out and Bee them to-day— corner Sanchex
end Clipper sts.
CHOICE LOTS FOR FLATS.
$2600— Scott st.. near Waller; faces Duboce
Park; Eplendid surroundings; 25x116:1.
S1930— Baker St., near McAllister et.; very
cheap; see this at once.
$5200— REDUCED FROM $6000.
Sacrifice; 2 bay-window flats on Oak st.: *
rooms and bath each; high basement; side en-
trance, etc.
TWO CHEAP HOMES.
J1SS0— Turk-st. cottage of 4 rooms and base-
ment; rents Sll per month: lot 24x137:6.
MISSION COTTAGE.
SO0— Diamond st., near 20th; lot 27:6x100;
cottare 4 rooms.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
POTRERO IXSTALLMENT LOTS.
$300 to $500 Each.
Kansas, Rhode Island. De Haro. 18th, 19th
Sr.d 20th sts., vicinity of Union Iron Works;
immediate possession given on payment of $50
cash, balance payable $10 per month; you can
build at once; diagram at office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st
Sunset District Installment Lots and New
. L Homes.
We have the most complete list and the
cheapest property for sale in this district.
r>r>n't buy without first talking with us.
Building lots on H st. and Nineteenth ave.
boulevard, fronting Golden Gate Park.
Prices moderate Terms easy
Lots level Streets macadamized
Official grade.... Plank sidewalks
Welsbach gas lamps Water and mail sen-ice
On car line On Park entrance
Better Class of New Homes
Branch Office at the Corner
of H Et. and Ninth ave.. south of Golden Gate
Park: open every day. Sundays and holidays.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
NEW PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$12,000— Northeast corner, on Fell St.: 2 elegant
modern fiats, 10. 11 rooms and porcelain
bath; stable; every modern convenience;
rents JS5 per mor.th.
DOWICTOWN INVESTMENT.
110,000— On Bush St.. near Mason; through to
the rear street; large, well-built house
of 10 rooms and bath; also house of 6
rooms and bath on rear street; rents $S0
I>er month.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
<6500— Two subFtantlal. well-built flats of 6, 6
rooms and bath and 2 flats, 4 rooms
each, on rear street: rents $60 per
month: cement walk; street bituminized;
lot 26:6xll2:« feet; FiUmore-et. cars
within a tew feet.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
JSOOO— Elegant modern residence. 8 room* and
bath: few feet from Panhandle; can ar-
range any terms desired: bank mortgage
J4000 can remain; 25x100.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT. ~
$4000— Two front houses, 16. 8 rooms, and rear
house of 6 rooms; large lot, 50x80 feet;
rents JC21 per annum; on Harriet st.
MISSION WARM BELT INVESTMENT.
$i0CO— On 19th St., near Mission: 2 fine, well-
built houses of 6 rooms and bath each;
lot I5x£> feet; rents $42 per month.
MISSION WARM BELT FLATS.
53eo— Two modern flats. 4, 5 rooms and bath;
, on Guerrero Et. ; always rented; rents
?34 per month: mortgage J3100.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
J3CC0— On any terms; owner compelled to pell;
cozy home. 7 rooms and bath: modern
and elegantly decorated; near Van Ness
ave.
LOTS! LOTS! LOT8!
Desirable lots in any portion of tht city.
For particulars call at«our office.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE * CO.,
C3S Market street.
FINE cottage, 5 rooms, bath; easy terms.. $3250
Let. 75x120, South Park; half cash 450
2-story "-room residence; cheap 3600 I
Cottage; finest in the land: S rooms 8100 I
Modem 4-room cottage; this week 2250
Mr-rt£6ge. amply secured: $3600 at 7 p. c 8000
Big lot on Clement St.. 90x200 2000
RICHMOND LAND CO., 223 Clement st.
$K0O— TERMS to suit; very handsomely deco-
rated and sunny 10-room residence: substan-
tially built and finished by day work; every
possible latest Improvement; heaters, regit.-
tfrt, C basins, plate and art glass windows,
etc; marine and park view; the choicest of
eny near panhandle; large lot, 26:6x100; Pul-
ton et.. near Shrader; Hayes or McAllister
et. cars; open from 11 to 5.
$1200— For sale — House of 6 large rooms; lot 25x
100; everything in best condition; nice garden,
yard. etc. £2 East Park st. Holly Park, near
Mission ft.
FOR eale— $4250; 6-room cottage: 'desirable
home; in warm belt Inquire 1016 Shot well.
FOR eale— New cottage. 4 rooms, bath, large
basement, near Union st. 3022 Pierce et.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
REAL, ESTATE COUXTRY— For Sale
FOR eal«— A nice borne, S2300; t»4 acres in
prune orchard; also house and barn and
family orchard In Pleasunton. Call at 42^4
Clara »t.: JOHN STEVENS.
POULTRT and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. It. WINFIELD. Petaluma. CaL
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
WISH to exchange good real estate In San
Jose; well Improved; S 60-varas, with large
bearing trees, all kinds of fruit; price $10,000;
for Ean Francisco property. Box 4313. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA and FrultvaU bargains for Invest-
ore and house-seekers; on easy terms or ex-
change for city or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One of the fined residences In the city*. 1}
rooms, I bathrooms, etc.; best location; fin-
Uhed In oak. blrdscye maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated; lot 85x170 feet.
A. R. DE.VKE,
Webster-st. Station. Alameda,
FOR eale— New 6-room cottage; terms. If you
want to buy or build call on J. H. YOUNG,
1243 Park et.. Alamedau
ALAMEDA COTTAGES FOR SALE.
FOR eale— Modern cottage. ( rooms: bath; lot
tOrlBO. «1« Moart ft.. Alatneda. Mastlck stn.
BERKELEY- ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— In Berkeley, near university, < new
modern bouses; email payment down, balance
earoe as rent; lot 40x135; street work com-
plete; lawn and garden made: 10 bearing fruit
trte« on every lot: house ready to mova Into;
water connected; push button*^ and electric
fixture*: shades, mantels, bookca »¦ and side-
board: 6 7 and t rooms, from *26W up; grand
marine view, cement walks, porcelain tubs; 3
cloaeu and fence*.
Boarding-bouse, 11 rooms; very ¦mail pay-
rn« - nt down.
. AUo some houses to Iet.se; call bet. * and 11
«. m~ or by appointment.^ - wtJRT8
¦kTenteentb et. and Broadway, Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IT Is an easy thing nowadays to demonstrate
that the
SUNSHINE WATER HEATERS
Are a success, and it is equally as easy to
prove that the bouses on the north . side of
Prince et.. near Grove, containing these heat-
ers are the best built and cheapest houses
ever offered for sale. . Buying these houses,
you don't have a single dollar extra to pay—
they are ready to occupy. For sale by
JOS. J. MASON.
Adjoining P. O.. Berkeley.
$750— House and lot; near station.
$2700— House of 6 rooms; lot 60x133; near
university; a bargain.
Bargains all over town by
JOS. J. MASON.
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley. Cal.
WOULD you like to buy one of the best located
bouses In Berkeley for boarding students?
Would you like a neat 5-room cottage at a
cheap price, with a grand view thrpwn In?
Would you like an elegant home in the best
part of Berkeley?
Would you like to buy a house anywhere
within the limits of Berkeley?
Would you like to buy a cottage or house In
West Berkeley, where the big furniture factory
is going up?
Would you like to buy a lot and build a
home?
If you will call and eee us we 'will find what
you want. SATOFF & WILKINS.
2121 Center st.. Berkeley station, Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, ln-wrapper. for mailing. 11 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1000— LITTLE or no cash down; $15 each
month; 5 rooms, bath and basement: sunny
eide. near Sao Pablo avenue;, street work all
done will rent for $10 per month and pay for
Itself. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
$1800— JUST like rent; 9 rooms, bath, basement,
etc.: lot 40x120; cost J2500; sunr.y side; near
San Pablo ave.: $20 per month. Installments;
near the local railroad station.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2S00— $500 CASH; balance on easy terms; pret-
tv Eastlake cottage; & rooms, bath. hall, high
basement; 2 bay windows; newly painted;
nice open lawn and cement walks; select lo-
cality; one block from Broadway; cost $S500.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ifCttlt ITUittg KOU SALK.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
IIOOMS FOR HODS EKEEFIXO.
BAKER, 1718, -near California— Two front
rooms, unfurnished; bath; light housekeeping.
BUCHANAN. 601— Sunny corner parlor suit;
complete housekeeping; gas range; bath; rea-
sonable; also others.
CENTRAL AVE.. 722. near McAllister— Three
or fire rooms; furnished; housekeeping; coal
etove.
DALE i»lace. 22. off Golden Gate ave.. bet.
Leavenworth and Hyde — 2 sunny rooms for
housekeeping; also single room, suitable for
couple."
FIFTH. 34S— Suite of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
ELEVENTH, 34—2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay— 3 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard and water: $10.
GROVE, 352 — Two sunny rooms; furnished or
unfurnished ; light housekeeping; no children.
GOLDEN GATE AVE^. 622-2 sunny . front
rooms, furnished; gas. running water, etc.
SECOND. 212— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing and other rooms; neat, respectable, rea-
sonable. ' .. '
GOUGH. 115— Sunny, modern, handsome rooms;
bath heater, phone, gas range; $9 up.
HOWARD. 1CC3 — 2 comp. rurn. front bay-win-'
dow housekpg. rms.; elec. lights; $12; others.
HYDE. 112— Just furnished, front suite, house-
keeping; also large front suite, private, bath;
other rooms: reasonable: modern. m
HOWARD, T2S— Complete furnished housekeep-
ing 1 rooms; reasonable; also single, $S month.
MCALLISTER, CSS— Nicely furnished . sunny
front room; sink, gas range, bath, laundry.
MIXXA, 172 — Large sunny" bay-window room
for light nousekeeplng; no children.
MISSION. 2512—3 or 4 rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; stove; use of bath.
NINTH. 113—2 sunny housekeeping rooms; run-
ning water; bath; reasonable.
OAK, 119 — 1 large sunny clean basement room,
furnished for housekeeping; yard; $6.
OAK. 119—1 large sunny front room, furnished
for housekeep'ng; clean; closet: 19 50.
O'FARRELL, 776— Sunny basement rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; rent $!
and $10. ! ¦
POLK. 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
POST. S62— Housekeeping suites from $10 to
. $17 SO; also single.
POWELL. 15 — Two housekeeping rooms, $15;
other rooms.
POWELL. 1401—2 or 3 large connecting rms for
housekeeping; gas, bath, sink; single rooms.
PRIVATE family— 2 large front rooms; use of
kitchen; Isundry: 110; 2 ladles. Address
Branch Office, 527 Montgomery st.
SUTTER. 2820— Bedroom, dining-room, kitchen:
bath: furnished complete.
THIRTEENTH. 189. Cor. Howard— Newly fur.
suit rms.. complete housekpg.; man and wife.
TURK, 531— New house. Just opened; suites of
2 to 10 rooms for housekeeping.
TWENTT-THIRD, 3728. near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice; neat; complete.
VALENCIA, 12&S>,4— 2 furnished - housekeeping
rooms; use of bath; $10.
WILLOW ave., 10. off Larkin. nr. Eddy— 2 rms/
furnished gen. housekeeping; $12; no. children.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1^96 Va-
lencla Et.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and P"fnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Hooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 23 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— MARKET. 1049A— Nicely furnished suites,
$15 per month up; singles. $5 per month up.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (Old No. 1364)— Fur-
. niched rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EIGHTEENTH, 4543, near ¦ Douglass— Nicely
furnished single and double. \ .
FOLSOM E66A— By a German family unencum-
bered; 2 small furnished hall rooms with bath.
FRANCISCO— Elegant euites;slngle with baths;
transient. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
GOLDEN GATE ave. 730 — Front sunny room;
back hall room; bath; private; reasonable.
HARRISON. 784%. near Fourth-Finely fur-
niched front rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week up.
HOTEL Grayston*. C6 Geary St.— New 6-story
fireproof hotel; electric light and elevator; un-
questionably the most luxuriously furnished
In the city; steam heat; private baths: one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
et.. near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class:
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city: references.
HOWARD. -930 (Boston House)— Furnished
rooms. 10c 15c and 25c; neat and clean.
HYDE. 299— Lovely large corner suites and
tingle rooms: private bath.
KEARNT, 34. and: 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable. _ .
MARKET. 1055— Double and single rooms; tran-
elent solicited: baths. .
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlthed rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTHA Dlace, 3, off Geary St., bet. Mason
and Taylor — Nicely furnished room to let
with or without housekeeping: rent. $7 month.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath: single rooms $10 up.
McCLELLAND. 200 Turk «t.— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms; also transient. -
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth-Ne#ly furnished
bay- window room, $1 per week; .transient.
O'FARRELL. -20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up: transient.
POST. MS— A nicely furnished . bay-window,
alcove room; running water. .". . :,'-
POWELL, | 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nished rms., cn suite or ata.; baths; transient.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unf urn.
ROYAL. House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
rfeading-room, smoking-room and ladies' - par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ' -
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth at.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIENA House and saloon, 410-412 Broadway —
Most elegantly 'furnished 1 sunny rooms In lo-
' cality; rents reasonable; first-class attention.
SEVENTH, 304. nr. > Folsom— Unfurnished; 2
nice clean sunny rooms; connected stove; sink,
bath; tubs: $9: call afternoons.- -•
STOCKTON, 332— The Ottlngton— Few choice
suites nnd several small rooms; cheap. ¦
SUNBERG, 315 ! Ellis— Nice sunny rooms, en
suite or single; hot and cold water; meals
optional. " - •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branchofflce. 2200 Flllmore. it.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements^ and
Bubscriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia et. ' ' ' -
ROOMS AM) IIOAHD. ,
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service; popular rates. 807 California st.
HAIGHT. 326— Newly furnished large front
room, dressinu-room, with running water;
pood board; private; gas; bath; private
phone. • f
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine J sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished stinny
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished ;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1S20 Market— Suites, * ot t
rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
ROOMS WASTED. ~~
GENTLEMAN desires room, with or without
bath. In a desirable locality; state price per
week and month. Box 3484, Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery et., rooms 9-19, tel. 6580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXP SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE^ANIDJIVAJIEJIOJ^
PIERCE-ROIXiLiKr^toT^e'and^ljKilngCoTi
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Mafn 5713. \
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 MIs-
eion st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS..
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FUlmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
TO LEASE.
TO rent or lease — 200 acres of land in Santa
Clara County; partly cleared; near school and
railroad. Box 3498, Call.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT~bXrGAINS IN~TYPEWRITERS-We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for Jl week
and have your work In sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines, $10 up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice.— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. At a regular meeting of
the board of directors of this bank, held July
2. 1901. a dividend was declared for the half
year ending June 30, 1901. at the rate of 7 per
• cent per annum, payable on and after the
15th lnst. Transfer books will be closed
from the 7th to the lath inst, both days ln-
* elusive. GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant • Powder Com-
pany, consolidated — A dividend. No. 31, ot
seventy-five cents (75c) per. share on the is-
sued capital stock of the. company has been
declared payable at the office of the com-
pany, 435 California st.. San Francisco, on
July 10, 1901. Transfer books close July 3,
1901, at noon. A. A. SPARKS, Secretary/
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 29 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St.. on and after
WEDNESDAY. July 10, 1901. Transfer books
closed Saturday, June 29, 1901, at 12 o'clock
m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Security Savings Bank, 222
Montgomery st.. Mills building — Kor the half
year ending June 29, 1901, dividend on tertn
deposits at the rate of three and six-tenths
(3 6-10) per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of three 1 (3) per cent per
annum, free of taxes, will be payable on and
after July 1. 1901.
S. L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
st3., San Francisco, June 2S, 1901 — At a regu-
lar meeting of the board of directors of this
society, held this day. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three and one-eighth
(3%%) per cent per annum on all deposits
for the six months ending June 30, 1901. free
from all taxes, and payable on and after
July 1. 1901.
_^ ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice-Mutual Savings Bank of
Ean Francisco. 33 Post st.— For the half year
ending June 30th. 1301. a dividend has been
declared at the rate ot three (3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after MONDAY. July 1st, 1901.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary st.— The directors have declared a div-
idend of 3^4 per cent per annum on its depos-
its, payable on and after July 1. MM.
¦ ¦:¦/.. ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Wash., July 1, 1901.— Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received at depot quarter-
master's efflce, Portland, until 10 a. m.. Pa-
cific time, and at Chicago, 12 m. t Central
time, 13th lnst., for furnishing and delivery
of 2S0 standard cavalry horses at Portland,
Forts Riley and Leavenworth, or other promi-
._ nent railroad points, subject to an Increase
" of 20 per cent. Preference given to animals of
domestic production, conditions of quality and
price being equal. United States reserves
right to reject or accept any or all proposals
or any part thereof. ! For further information
see Circular to Bidders or apply to quarter-
master at Portland or Chicago. Envelopes
containing proposals should be marked: "Pro-
posals for Cavalry Horses," and addressed to
Depot Quartermaster, Portland or Chicago.
SEALED proposals will be received' at the
office of the Lighthouse Engineer, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. until 12 o'clock m. Monday,, July
22. 1901, and then opened, for furnishing mis-
cellaneous articles, comprising hardware, en-
gineers' supplies, lumber and paint, In ac-
cordance with specifications, copies of which,
with blank proposals and other information,
may be had upon application to Major Chas.
E. L. B. Davis. Corps of Engineers. U. S. A.,
Engineer.
MABRIAGB LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Martin V. HIgglns, 24, Cambria, Cal., and
Vera Hamilton. 22, city. ¦
Daniel • P. Cadlgan, 21. 748 Brannan street,
and Sophia H. Oppenheimer, 21, 49 Langton st.
William J. Moloney, 24, 233 Page street, and
Mary A. Redmond, 20, 233 Page street. •
Alfred J. Pine, SI,' Michigan Bluff, and Evan-
geline Polifka. 26, Michigan Bluff.
Benjamin F. Fox, 65, Watsonvllle, and Jen-
nie Cap well, 29, Ferndale. . . .
Francisco Franco, 30, 65 Jackson street, and
Roza Vieira, 25, 63 Jackson afreet. -
Edward F. Quattlander, 24, 205 Hyda street,
and Bertha Hindringer, 19, 14% Moss street.
John G. Macher, 27, 129 Ash' avenue, and
Josephine Simmen, 20, 883 Capp street.
Bert E. Allen, 34, Cincinnati. Ohio, and Pris-
cllla -P. Beam. XL Saginaw, Mich.
Louis Piper, 23. 810 Montgomery street, and
Priscllla Huddleston, 37, 810 Montgomery at.
Glambattlsta Garlbotto, 85, Stockton, anl
Mary Eangulnettl, 23. Stockton.
"BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES—DPATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notice"' sent* by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication of flees and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
¦;:¦¦/' MARRIED.
ALLEN— BEAM— In this city, July 2, 1801, by
the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,- Bert E.
Allen ' of Cincinnati. Ohio, and Priscllla
Percy of Saslnaw. Mich.'.
BERNHEIM — RITTIGSTEIN — In this city.
June 26. 1S01. by Rabbi Myers, Harry W.
Bernhelm of Napa, Cal., and Susie Rittlg-
Bteln of San Francisco. . * ¦' r '.
HERRINGTON-tGIBSON— In Ean Jose, July 1,-
J9C1, by the Rev. Dr. Dinsmore, William M.
Herrington, D.D.S..,and Lizzie C. Gibson. ..
PIPER— HUDDLESON— In this city, • July , 2,
190L by the Rev.\ Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Louis Piper and Priscilla Huddleson,. both of
San Francisco. r "... ,¦ . . ¦: .
SEXTON— WILLIAMS— In : this city, June • 3<V
. W01, by the Rev. F. K. Baker,- "Francis ¦ J.
Sexton of San • Franclsso and ¦ Mary - S. - WH-
Uama of Coronudo,: San Diego County. -
lEuccesior to Flannagan A QaUacbor.>
• DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mfr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMbALHKIU,
20 Firth St.. opposite Lincoln bchooi. . -
. -. . Telephone -South 80. ' ,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
¦- "-:* mc>%.vo"V7 <fc.. co,v,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS* & EMBALMEltS.
.1239 Market St.. between Sth and 9th.
;;;•.;]-, t Telephono South : 247. ;':;-..;¦
27 and r 29 ; Fifth et. • Tel. ; South! 167. -:*.-•
IUMEEAL ' DIBB0TOS3- AHO ? KMBAI.S SSI.
finest Equipment nt Moderate Rates. *
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 : Eddy at., bet.
Tavlor and Jones. ,- Telephone South 67a. rr »<
Cheap Rates
East via
Santa Fe
' -v
The places, tlie rates for
the round trip and tha
dates of sale ara below.
The other details can b4
had of the Santa Fe agenta.
% BUFFALO, $87.00
July 3, 4; Aug.. 22, 23; .
Sept. 5, 6.
CHICAGO, $72.50
July 2O, 21. „
CINCINNATI, $76.50
jTane 30 and July 1.
. CLEVELAND, $82.50
Sept. 5 and 6.
/COLORADO SPRINGS' $55
DETROIT, $82.25 "
July 1 and 2.
, LOUISVILLE, $77.50.
Aug. 20 and 21.
MILWAUKEE, $74.50
July 17 and 18.
The best service and tho
pleasantest way is fur-
nished by the i Z.i.'ij
Santa Fe
"64! MARKET ST.
CALffORBIi HORTHWESTEBB RT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market S1W
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:M. »:00. 11:08 a. m.: 12:13.
»:30 5:10 *:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra tni»
at 11:JO p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip* at 1:W
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-S:00. »:30. 11:00 a. m.; l:J0. 1:%
6:00. 6:20 d. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:M. »:I0. 11:10 a, m.: 12:«.
t:40. 8:15 p. m. 8»turday»Tr-Kxtr» trip* »t 1UJ
and 6*33 p. m.
SUNDAYS-S:10. S:«. U:10 a. m.; 1:«. 1:40.
6:05, C:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrl-r*
Ban Francl»eo. (April W. 190LI S>n JTmnclsco.
Week I Sun- I I Snn- j Ween
Dayt. | day». I Destination. I day». I Days.
l;30 am &;00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 ar\
1 SO pm »:M am P«taluma. «:06 pm 10:25 ara
tjlOpm 8:00 pm Santa Ron. T:»S pm «:» pra
' Fulton. ¦„
7:J0 am Windsor. 10:35 ara
8:00 pm Healdsbarx. 10:40 am
Lytton.
G«ys*rrlU«.
S:SO pm 8:00 »m CloverdaU. 7:8 pm «:20pra
7:30 am! ?:W pml Hopland 110:40 am]10:25 apx
3:30 pro! 8:00 ami and Ut'ah. I 7:K pml 8:20 pm
-1:30 am ' 10:40 am|10:!5 ara
8:00 am Guemavllle. 7:35 pi" I
i:SQpm 5:00 pm | «:»> pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma »:15 »ml 8:40 am
and 1
. 5:10 pm 8:00 pm Ql«n Ellen. i:0S pml »:i»pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami JM:« am ! 1 2 : S a " 1
8:30 pml 6:00 pro! SabaatopoU I 7:35 pml 6:20 pin
Stages connect at Santa Kosa for Mark West
Springs an* White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for AltrurU: at t,ytton for Lytton Springs: at
GeyservlUe for Skagrss Springs: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyrllle. Carls-
bad Sprlnes Soda Bay. Lakeport aihd Bartlett
Sprlnes: at Uklah. for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wlttsr
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's; Riverside. Llerleya, Bucknell**.
Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullvllle. Orr"»
Springs. Mendoclno City. Port Brag?. West-
T>ort Usal. Wlllits. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. ScctU
* Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
bevond San RafaM at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. ChronlcU
Building.
H. C WH1TTNO. R- X. RTAX.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe Trains
.- .Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local I Um'd I Ovrl'd I Local
<, ¦ \ Dally | * I Dally | Dally
Lv. Pan Franl 7:20 a I 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. ll0:1S a 111:45 a 11:10 p 7:1* P
i " -Merced .112:23 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno ..I 2:05 p I 2:3S P 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford . $:12 p I 3:27 p 7:M a
"Vlsalla ..I 3:40 pi I 4:4S a
•J Jlakersf ldl 6:15 p I 8:20 p I 7;30 a
" Kans. Cyl I t:40 a I 7:30 a
" Chicago .1 1t:15pt9:00p
a for mornJnt:. p for afternoon.
* *9:0O a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrylnir Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnlnc:
Car« through to- Chicago. Chair Car run"
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
flrnt-clan* passenger*. No »»cond-cla.«*
tickets honored on thH train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at »:5j p. m. Tuesday anl
Friday.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fr^no local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally.
8:00 p. to. ts th» Ov»rlaTt<J ETT>r»9)». wit*
fhroug* Palace wnd Tonrist Sleep»r* and
Free 'RfcllnlP* O»alr Ca** tn Chle&gn;
nlfto Palace SWD»r. which fnts out a»
Fresno. Correspondlns train arrives at 5:53
jr. m. dally. ;
7:?n a. Tti. I* P«k»r«fleM Lo^l. stoprlnT
at all »olnt« I" 9i*n Joaauln Vallev.- Cor-
re«T»nndlns' ?rf'i »>rrive^ at t:V) «. m. •'allv.
Offlc»«— «4> Ma'Vet ****** anil In F-nr
T)<>T>ot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oak-
1»ti<1 .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
. Commencing April 23. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLBT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:55. 3:»0. »9:30, U:0O a, nu»
12:45. •1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. *8:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley . and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:49 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »9M. »10:00. 13:09. 11:30
a. m.. 12M5, *l:30, 2:30. »3:45. 5:00. 1:00. 7:13
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Train** marked (•) run to* San Quentln. ¦
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «5:2S. 8:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10:13
a m.. n2:25. 1:15. 1:20, «3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
¦ nd Saturdays at «:4S and 10:00 p. m.
6UNDAYS-6:l». n.00. 9:45. »ll:0O a, m.. 12
mT. 1:00. 2:15. *3:S0. 4:30. '5:45. 1:45. 1:30. 18:l»
P 'Trains marked (•) start from. San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCESCO.
WEEK DAYS-S:45. «:45. 7:5J. 8:5$. 10:30
am 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS- on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«:35. 8:00. 10:03. 11:10 a. m..' 12:13.
1-V) Z-tt. 8:45. 15:00. «:13. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
' THROUGH TRAINS.
«:53 a. m. week days— Caxadero and way sta-
- 8?1S p. m. Saturdays— Caxadero and mj ¦ «ta-
Vtli p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
¦ i a m. Bundaya — Caxadero %nd way stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point * r*eyes and way
gtatlons. •
SDt. Gibbon's Dispensary,'
62O KEAKXY ST. Established
In 1S34 for the treatment of Private
Dbense*, Iyi^t Manbood. Debility or
rtis»-ast» wearlngon body anrt mind and
Skin Diseases. ThaDoctoreureswhvn
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Cnreagnaraateed. Cullorwriu,
, Dr. J. T. OIBBOSf . tJaa Franclaco, CaL
EAILWAY TRAVEL. -
SOUTHERN
PACIFIC
WAY
DOWN
RATES
FOURTH |F JULY.
Tickets on sale 3d and 4th.
Good returning until the 8th.
Every Important City — Every
Important Resort in California —
reached at these reduced rates
via . • / 1
Southern Pacific.
GREAT CELEBRATION IN
SACRAMENTO THIS YEAR.
Inquire 613 Market st., or near-
est Agent.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
TialnuJt-KK- nnit nr« iliici I «» MtTiV« »»
NAN FKAN<!IN«:U.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Strut)
I.BATB — From Jcnk 16. 1901. — AJMura
?:OOa I$«iiicla, Siifami, Elmira, Vao&vtila,
Kuuiaey aud ttucrauiemo ,,,, 0:t5jp
7i3Oa Martinez, SaulUnioii, Vallejo, Napa,
C'aligtoga aiiiUUiita Rosa fl>83r
8:O»a Daris. Woodland. Knig&ts Landing.
MarynWIIe. <>ro»i!l«.. 7:Str
S:OOa AMautiu Kipress— Ogdeu aud Bast 19:3*3?
i *:<»<> A Mies, Lithr jp, Stockton * iSa t
Sf:OO.\ Nilea, AlendoU, Hauford, ViaalU,
Portsrriile 4tS3p i
8:30a Shaata Express— Darte, Williams (for . ,
Bartlett Springs), Willows. Red
Uiuff. .Portland 7:33r
*|3<»A Sail! Joie, I.lTermore, Stockton, _y
Idne, Maorameiito, Placerviile,
. MxrynTillx. Chico. Ke<l Mutt 4»23r
Si3»a Oakilale, Chinese (Yosemite). So-
nora. Carten 4:23r
O:OOa IluyWHrd, NileS and VTay SUUciu.. I I :-VVv
»»0©a Vallejo............. lsi:23p
ViUUa Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Latlirop, Stooktou, Merced
Freauu mid Los AA2«-'e« 7:23p
. ' UsilllA Vallejo. Martinez ami Way Station! ?:D3p
IOiUOa Th« Overland M'i>it.e«l— Ogclen, De.%*
ter, Omaha. Chicago * «i!»3p
1 l:OOp Sucratilttiitii Kiier .Stemiiers... fStOHA
8t30p Hayward, NHm« ami Way Buttons.. 7:33p
•liuup Iti-nlda, .Winters. -rtacranienlo, »•
Woodland, Knltflita landing. *
MuryHville, Oroillle ..... I 0:03a
4i««p Mailinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo. r
Nap*. 1,'alinlonii. .Santa Itnsa t»>25.i
4:00r Nile*. Livcrmore. Stockton. Lfxll... 1S;»3p
4«:tnr Hay-ward, Nile*. .Man .li«ie, Livtrmora t»v"»»* ¦-
4t3Up fort Cob a. Tiacy, Lathrop, Stockton 1 OiSSa
SiOUpThe Owl Limited— Kimum, Tulare. «
. lUkersllttld, Maugus for Santa Uu- .
bara, lios AukkIcs 9:33* .
S:OOp Martin* z. AnUoch, Stockton, Mar-
Md,Fwsno 18:23*
5»O«p Yoaemite 1*s«3f
3t30p New Orleans Express— Mendot*.
' .* Fremo, Bakentteid, Los Angeles,
D mlng, El Paso, New Orleans
¦ and Bust 7iSSa
H:OOp Ilaywnrd. Miles and Nan Jose 7.S.1*
MMMli- ViiilHJn Ilt23%
tiiour Oriental Mafl-Ogden, • Cbeyenne.
Omaha, ChlOigo 12:23p
VsOOp Oriental Mail— Ogden. Deutsr,
St. Louis. Chicago. 4:»3P
' ?>OOp Oregon and California ICxprniu.Hao-
rniiiniiin, Marjmllla, ICeiliililg,
- I'm timid. Pngot .Sound and Kail 8<93*
8iO3 P S»n Pab'.o. Por» OosU, Mirtiaea • m-
and Way Mtattoits 11>S3a
f »03p Vallfjo.. 713.-VP
COAST LINE (Narrow Usage).
( Foot otMirkot Street.) -
1 7 :43a Santa Cruz Excursion to rtauta Cms
and Prlnc pol Way Stati >ns gStOSr
8«I»A Newark.O«!itertllle,.San.luse,PeIton, • ' -.
JioiilderCri<ek,8anlaOriisaml\Vay
Stations.... .;........... 5'3»»
|*<ISp Newark, Cenlervllle, 8au .lose, N«w
AlinaiUii. Kul ton, ilonlder Oreek,
' Santa Cruz and Principal Way
" Stations... •¦•!»•*
4t IB p Newark, Han Jiwe, Lns Gatai t'<""*
«4il*P r.leDwoM.PoulderCreetr, BanUCrui i*i3Qa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mm SiB mSClSCO—Foorof Jtukrt Street (Slip 8)— #-
17:15 0:00 . 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:03 0:16i*.M.
.'roraOUUND-r«il •lUr»»J««j.— M:00 )d:00 18:03
1U:OO».M. 13:00 3:03 1:03 r.M.
COAST LINE <llros.il Uange). .-
' , (Thlr.lLndTowiiaen.iata.)
«: I »A Han Juse and Way .Stations UtKMr
(7:«Oa »au Jon* mid Way Statists.. linn-
/7:««A New Alinadtn..... /4il0p
:7:;m>a Sunday Excursion for San Jcie,
• HutiU Crnz. P.dflo Qrore and i.
Principal Way Buttons }S:30p
S'O«AH«n .lose. Ttfm H.i.m. Hanta Crux.
PhoIOc drove, fallnia. San Loll
* Gbtapo, Santa Barbara ami Prin-
cipal intermediate NuM,.n« 7>8«p
IOiSAa Saa Jcse and Way ritaiioru. 4il0p
IIiSWa SSitu .liwnand Way Stations SiUWp
t»: ISrHan Matmi lUdirnod. Moiiln Park.
; Palo AU6. .Hauta Clara, Haa .lose, '
' Tres Pinos, Hanta Crux, Sallnaa,
Monieiry and I'acllic Ornvn )I«i43a
ttia»p Nan .lose and Way Stations O::U>a
t4:l5r Ban .lone ami Principal Way Stations W>43a
fSiOttp San Joae, Log Gatos aud 1'rincipal •
WayStatious .„.. 1»:OOt
SiitOp Hau.losff ami Principal Way .Station* 8:39a
•¦OOp Eedwoid, Man Jos«, GUroy. SaUnaa, * •
Santa Birhara, Ixm Angeles...... 10:00a
SiOOp Del Monte, Mouterey, Pacino Qrore.
¦ Lotvpoo..., 10:OOa
. «::«0p San .lost: and Way Stations t* i0 °*
q|l:4SpSan Jose ami Way Htatlons. 7»a»P
' A for Morning. " P for A fternoon.
t Humtay exempted. t Sunday only.
. o Saturday only. \. * (Monday. - .
c Saturday tn 1 Bnpday. / Tut-xlayn and Fridays. '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
• ¦. Via Sausallto ¦ Ferry— Foot of Market St.
Leave San Fran. Arrive San Fran.
9:30 a. m.1 WEEK DATS......' 3:35 p. m.
1:45 p. m. f Stay "over: iilzht • at- the- 6:55 p. m.
4:15 p. ro. j TAVERN.- - 8:43 a.m.:
b:(jO a. m. . 12:15 p. m.
• 9:C0 a. m. . 1:15 p. m.
10:00 a. m. *¦....... SUNDAYS ¦ 3:30 p. m.
,11:50 a. m. • . 4:J0 p. m.
: 1:30 p.m. . : 5:30 p. m.
2:30 pm.J -: ~ • 7:10 p.m.
. • On Thursday, July 4. trains will run on Sun-
day time. ¦ Fare,- San Francisco to Summit and
Return, $1.40. Ticket Ordces, £21 Market St.
and Sovsallto Ferry.
JOYCK— In this" city, July 1, 1901,' Catherine
K., beloved mother of Willie and Allie Joyce,
and aister of ' Mrs. S. j de Spain, Mrs. M.
Hayes and Miss J. Stark, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 33 years and 24 days. ' .'
LINDEMANN— In this city. July 2, 1901. I^uise
Lindemann, beloved daughter of William
and Elizabeth Lindemann. a native of San
Francisco, aced 5 months.
LOVATT— In Berkeley, July 2, 1901, Cora W.
Lovatt, wife of Charles R. Lovatt, mother
of Lcttle B. Lovatt, and sister- of William
Whitney, George H. Whitney and Mrs. O.
W. Steeres, a native of New Brunswick,
Canada, aged 38. years 11 months and 16
. days.
CTFriencls arid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, at St.
Mark's Episcopal Church, Bancroft way,
near Ellsworth street, Berkeley. Interment
privf te. . ','¦¦"
MCCARTHY— In this city, June 30, 1901, Cor-
nelius J., dearly beloved son of Maria and
the late Florence McCarthy, brother of John
l-\, Nellie, Josephine, Ed<iv and Charles Mc-
Carthy, and grandson of Mrs. Ellen Burdett,
a native of San Francisco, aged 26 years 5
months and 11 days. , ." ¦.
(E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock. ¦ from his late resi-
dence 31S Chestnut street, between Dupont
and Stockton. .
MCCARTHY— In this city, July 1, 1901, Leon-
ard, beloved son Of John W. and Ellen Mc-
Carthy, a native of San Francisco, aged 8
years 7 months and 24 days.
ITJrFuncral.- this day (Wednesday), at 1
o'clock, from the residence of hla parents,
210% Waller street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers.
MCDONALD— In this city, July 1, 1901, Joseph
A dearly beloved eon of Patrick and the
late Anne Rice ' McDonald, and beloved
brother of William, Clara, Charlotte, Annie,
George, Walter. Belle and the late Mary
McDonald, a native of San j Francisco, aged
31 years.
(CfFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
9 50 o'clock, from his late residence. 223 Ful-
ton street, thence to St Mary's Cathedral,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul,- commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary. Cemetery.
McGIVNEY— In this city, July 1, 1901, John
T beloved husband of Katie McGivney,
•father of Grace and Genevieve McGivney.
son of Thomas and Bridget McGivney, and
brother of Mrs. Edmond Lefever and the late
Mrs Roudalpher a native of Boston, Mass.,
aged 37 yeaiB 11 months and 26 days.
¦ ¦ (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 112 Eleventh street. • Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
RUDOLPH— In the City and County Hospital.
July. 2. 1901. Richard Rudolph, a native of
. Germany, aged 37 years.
SCULLY— In this city, July 1, 1901, Catherine
Scully, a native of New York City, aged 63
years. (New York papers please copy.)
Ityinterment private.
SEGORD— In this city, July 2, 1901. Annie M..
beloved wife of James M. Segord, and be-
loved mother of Mary I., Christine M., Annie
A. and James . J.j. Segord, a native of Ire-
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter. . "'.'
SPILLE— In this city, June 30, 1901, Nicholas
Spllle,* a native of Lemwerder, Oldenburg,
Germany, aged 37 years 1 month and 6 days.
A member of Court ' Hubertus No. 15, F.
. cf a. i -.V^: >;¦•->> :.•;>.: . .• .: ¦¦¦- :
. |nr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ' to attend - the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maasa," 917 Mission street.
Intern.ent I. O. O. F/ Cemetery./
STAPLETON— In this city, July 2, 1901,
Charles, beloved husband of Phllis Stapleton,
trinla, aged 70 years 5 months and 4 days
the Star of-the Sea Church^where.a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated-for the repose
of hl3 soul, commencing: at 10 o'clock.
JESSIE— In this city, July 2, 1901, George K.,
beloved husband of Camilla F. Jessie, and
father of D. Grey Jessie, a native of Vlr-
ICyFriends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:15. o'clock, from his late
residence, 2542 McAllister street, thence to
' CTTriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the iuneral this day (Wednesday), at 11
o'clock, from the chapel at the Odd Fellows'
. Cemetery. -<••>. , . *
HESS1ON— In- this : city, July 2, 1901, Robert
H., beloved husband of Louise Hesslon, and
son of Johanna and the late Michael Hes-
eion, a native of San Francisco. A member
cf Alcalde Parlor No. 134. N. S. G. W., and
Manzanita Grove No. IDS, U. A. O. D.
[CRemains .will be shipped to Los Ange-
les for interment.
ENGLISH-In Oakland, July 1, 1901. John M.
.English Jr., belov.ed son of John M. and
Manuelita T. English, and brother of 'Fred
B. and Ada M. English and Mrs. John Irwln
Jr., born v in Alameda County, California,
aged 25 years and >2 months.
(C7'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 "o'clock, from St. Francis de
Sales Church, of Grove and Hobart
streets. Interment private. . j
HART— June 30, 1SQ1. A. L., husband of Mary
Hart." father of A. Loring, Fred B. and Mary
B. Hart, and . brother of Judge E. C, S. R.,
AV. C, Dr. A. C, R. R., Masgie and Lola
Hart, -Mra.— Richard ?Jones and Mrs. Steven
"Aldington, a native of Indiana, aged 51
years. ' ¦'. ' . . ?.„
{£?¦ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 142 Russ street, between Howard
and Folsom, Sixth. and Seventh, thence to SU
Patrick's Church, where : a requiem mass
•will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. " Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. : ¦ ' • • ' '
DRISCOLL— In Honolulu, June 24, 1901. Wil-
liam A., .beloved husband of Mary Drlscoll,'
¦ son of the late Mary Laden, and brother of
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral ; Friday,
July 6. 1901. at 2 o'clock, from the Masonio
Temole,. corner ¦ Twelfth and Washington
streets, Oakland. Services, under the aus»
plcea cf Eden Lodge No. 113, F.' and A. M.
Interment Mountain j View Cemetery. •
DOWNING— In this city. July 2,'- i 1901, Ma-
thew, beloved husband of Margaret Downing,
and father of Richard, Annie and Llllle
Downing, th» late Jamea and Charles J.
Downing and the late Sifter Mary Cecelia,
of the Order of Mercy, a native of Ireland,
aged 78 years.
C7Frlends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this Say
(Wednesday). " at 8:30 o'clock, from, her lato
residence, ¦. 1032 Mission street, between Sixth
and Seventh, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
Mission street, between Third and Fourth,
where a solemn' requiem hich mass will be
.celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
COHN— In Berlin, Germany, June 14, 1901,
Ernestine, beloved mother of Julius, Cas-
per. Meyer, David and Simon Cohn. a native
' , of Lcebau, West Prussia, aged 90 years.
DAVIS— In this city. July 2, 1901, George Bow-
¦ land, beloved son of James R. and Mary R-
Davis, and brother of , Mrs. C. Btglow and
Marguerite Davis, a native of North San
' Juan, aged 21 years and* 4 months. .
DIEVFS— In Oakland. July 2, 1901. Joseph T..
beloved husband of Lillian Dieves, father of
Joseph A.. Charles I. and William Dieves
and Mrs. J. Parsons, and brother of Isaac
Surryhne, a native of Germany, aged 64
years and S months. ' ~
Charles Conley, Annie T. McGary and Mamie
E. J. Williamson, a native of New. Tork,
ajed 67 years. A member of the Third Order
of SI. Francis. •
B7Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:43 o'clock, from hla late
residence, 1120 Post street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by special train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 3 o'clock.
Please omit flowers.
CONLET-In this city. July 1. 1901. Mary The-
resa Conley,' wife of the late John' Conley,
C7The funeral will take place this .day
"(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1516 Baker street. Interment Masonic
•Cemetery. \';. *" •
CAHN-In San Jo»e, July 1, 1901.; Israel, be-
loved husband of Roslne Cahn, and father of
Mayer ¦'I., I Leopold I. and Julius I. Cahn,
Mrs. S. Nickelsbure and Mrs.- A. L. Lenj?-
f eld, a native of Alsace, aged 73 years and
4 months. '
BALLINGER-In this city, July 1, 1301. Wll-
' Ham G., . father of George . T., . William J.,
May E. and .Theodore E. Balllnger, a native
of Canada, aged 69 years 11 months and 1
day. '¦--'¦- .. '. .. v . . 1-. -''.-': .
Cahn, Israel , . . ' McCarthy, Cornelius
Conley, Mary T. -McCarthy, Leonard
Cohn, Ernestine '" ' McDonald, Joseph A.
Davis, Georg-e R.'. : McGivney, John T.
Dieves, Joseph T. Rudolph, Richard
Downing, Mathew' Scully, Catherine" '
Drlscoll, William A.t Segord, Annie M.
English, : John M. Jr. • Spllle, Nicholas - -
Hart, A. 1j. ¦¦'¦¦• -¦ Stapleton, Charlea
Hefaion, Robert' H.'' ' Steiger, Ellen . ¦
Jessie, George R. - Weller, Mary J.
Joyce,' Catherine E. Whidden, William O.
Lindemann, Luise . x. '
; ;-<••/ ..» - .died. '
Balllnger, William G. Lovatt, Cora W.Journeymen Butchers' Protec
., .. tive Association.
The - members cf the Journeymen
Butchers' Protective Association have
been deluding themselves with the belief
that Charles Ruisinger, their treasurer,
¦who disappeared a week ago, would re
turn and straighten out all discrepancies.
Now they have arrived at the conclusion
that • Ruisinger, whom they Implicitly
trusted, has basely deceived them.
• Yesterday afternoon four of the • direc
¦ tors called upon Judge Conlan and the
Judge advised them to swear o.ut search
warrants to recover possession of gold
medals, books and .other documents and
money -which had been in Ruisinger' s pos
session. This property is supposed to be
cither in safe deposit vaults or in
Ruisinger's residence, which has been un
occupied since a week ago yesterday, Mrs.
Ruisinger having also disappeared. The
search warrants were procured, F. W.
Dar.z, one of the directors, swearinsr to
them. The gold medals alone are valued
at $200. Until they get possession of the
books the directors ¦will be unable to dis
cover how much of the funds Ruisinger
has embezzled if any. .
Ruisinger was also treasurer of the
Journeymen Butchers' Union and It is be
lieved that he has embezzled at least $1300
cf the funds of the union.
BASELY DECEIVED BY
THE ASTTREU BTJISINGEB
Starch Warrants Secured by the
Father Hartnett The ceremony was wit
nessed by the parents and friends of the
happy couple.
The marriage service was -set for 4
o'clock, but many minutes before the ap
pointed hour the church was crowded
with people interested In the young cou
ple. At the stroke of 4 the organ pealed
forth the wedding march from "Lohen
grin." The bride, looking charming in a
pearl crepe de chine gown, was escorted
down the aisle by her father and pre
ceded by. her sister. Miss Theresa Gorman.
The procession was met at the altar rail
by the groom and- his best man, his broth
er, Edward Brennan. The officiating priest
J HARRY BRENNAN, a well
known athlete and business man
of this city, was wedded to Miss
O Katherine Gorman in St. Joseph's
r Church yesterday by- the Rev.
The pet scheme of the late James G.
Fair In building up the tide land at North
Beach will also be attended to. A solid
¦wall ¦will be erected and the land Improved
cund maSe into a. desirable location for
factories and other commercial industries.
On the Fair property at th© northwest
corner of-Golden Gate avenue and Jones
street a modern hotel has been decided
upen. The plans have not as yet been
made, but the structure will be up-to-date
in every respect. • - •
The Lick House is also to be entirely re
modeled on- the inside. The. building 1b an
old one and great space is wasted in \ride
hails. The house will be remodeled on
entirely different lines and great improve
irfJits will be made.
Charles I* Fair leaves shortly for Eu
rope, accompanied by his wife. He ex
pects to be gone three months. Upon his
return to this city he will let several big
contracts fcr the erection of buildings on
the property that was left by his father,
the late James G. Fair.
The most Important contract that "will
be let Is for the erection of modern apart
ment houses on the entire block bounded
by California. Sacramento. Powell and
Mason streets. The houses will be built
or. the latest New York plans and no ex
penses will be spared in their erection. In
the center of the block a large garden
¦will be planted and fountains will be
ferected.
Hotel to Be Erected on Golden
Street
G-ate Avenue and Jones
Apartment Houses on
Latest New York |
Plans.
FAIR PROPERTY
TO BE IMPROVED
BOB CORCOKAN HELD ! FOR TRIAL.—
Robert Corcoran, alias Robert Cotton, wm held
yesterday by United States Court Commission
er Heacock for smuggling several yards of
embroidered Ellk and a Japanese umbrella from
the transport Grant.
The Forty-seventh Infantry was mus
tered out at fhe Presidio yesterday. A
company of the Thirty-eighth Infantry,
which was sent home on the Thyra and
landed at Portland, arrived at the Pre
sidio yesterday and will be mustered out
to-day. • ' '
Major William H. Baldwin, commissary,
United States army, has been named as
successor to Major O. E. Wood, -chief
commissary of the Department of Cali
fornia, who' has been ordered to Toklo
as military attache.
Lieutenant Colonel Henry O. S. Helstand
has been ordered to temporary duty as
assistant adjutant general at army,head
quarters.
A board of officers, consisting of Major
J. A. Hull, Major George S. Young and
Captain A. M. Fuller, has been appointed
to serve as a clemency board to examine
and recommend for release from-confine
ment a number of prisoners at Alcatraz.
Colonel Rawles. chief : of the artillery
district of the harbor of San Francisco,
will In a few days send a force of artil
lerymen to Point Lobos and Fort Baker
to mount six new guns that have been
received here, The guns for Fort Baker
are 5-inch barbettes, and those for Point
Lobos are of the disappearing variety.
They Will Be Mounted
at Point Lobos and
Fort Baker.
SIX NEW GUNS
ARE RECEIVED
was attired In surplice and intoned the
marriage service. Within a few minutes
the couple were husband and wife. The or
gan burst forth again Into a Jubilant
march, and the newly wedded pair pro
ceeded up the aisle. They were halted at
the entrance to the sacred edifice by
friends, who showered congratulations
upon them.
The bridal party was driven to the home
of the bride's parents, at 130A Twelfth
street. The home reception was strictly
private, only the immediate relatives of
both families being present. The house
was tastefully decorated in smllax, greens
and cut -flowers and presented a hand
some appearance. The guests were seat
ed at round tables. During the banquet
the health of the bride and groom was
toasted a dozen times. After the supper
the guests repaired upstairs to the parlors
and until midnight spent the evening in
dancing. Musical selections were rend
ered and greatly enjoyed.
When the bride and groom left the
house they were showered with rice and
old shoes were thrown at them from all
directions.
The couple will leave to-morrow for an
extended tour of the country. They ex
pect to be gone two months and intend
visiting the various watering places and
prominent cities of the East. On their re
turn they, will take up their residence in
this city. The couple were the. recipients
of numerous and .costly gifts.
Mr. Brennan is a successful business man.
He has a host of friends. He is a promi
nent member of the Order of Eagles and
is connected with other fraternal organ
izations. He was for many years captain
of the Ariel Boat Club's champion junior
crew.
The bride Is a daughter of Sergeant Gor
man, chief carriage 'inspector of the Sai
Francisco Police Department. She i:
beautiful and accomplished and extreme
ly popular in social circles of this city
Attorney Campbell, who Is defending
Miss McKenzie, principal of the Hancock
Grammar School, in her trial before the
Board of Education, stated yesterday that
the statement made by Director Casserly
that Judge Seawell had decided that the
Board of Education had a right to try
teachers irrespective of the School Super
intendent is untrue. Superintendent "Web
ster says that no such decision was ever
rendered and that under the charter the
Superintendent alone has the power to
try teachers on charges preferrd by com
plainants. •
Questions Casserly's Veracity.
Some of the old men of the road claim
that Hays will never 1 , issue it and that
there will be no changes. They say that
Harriman is the whole thing and Hay3
can do nothing without first consulting
him. „
"Harriman is no traffic man. said a
railroad official yesterday. "He has
taken Stubbs to Chicago to look after the
railroad interests in this regard. On the
other hand however, there is no man that
tan teach Harriman about the operating
department. In fact. It is common rumor
that the railroad president of to-day does
not buy a dollar's worth of rolling stock,
but that the representatives who wish to
sell anything in this line to the railroads
go to Wall street and arrange their sales
with Harriman.
Pltzhugh has resigned from his position
In St Louis. - Herbert did the same last
month. They are both here, and, so it ap
pears, have not as yet gone to work. If
they have, no official circular has been Is
sued to that effect.
Stubbs will leave soon to take up his
new position as traffic manager for Har
riman in Chicago. It is more than pos
sible that he will be accompanied to the
East by E. O. McCormick, who will have
to go East about the same time to attend
the quarterly meeting of the Transcon
tinental Passenger Association. Mr.
Stubbs stated yesterday that his fam
ily would remain in San Francisco for sev
eral months on account of the hot weather
in the East.
When will President Hays issue the long
expected official circular? Railroad men
have passed over the feverish expectancy
stage. They have ceased to become rest
less, but when they have an idle moment
they are still asking each other "if they
have seen , anything of the official cir
cular?"
No Circular Issued Yet
by Hays Regarding
Appointments.
HERBERT STILL
AWAITS ORDERS
St. Petersburg's cabs charge half the
fare for women that they do for men.- .
. Verus cures piles or $50 reward. ' All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it. •
Fatal Accident.
Leonard, the 8-year-old son of John W.
McCarthy, secretary of the Board of Fire
Commissioners, died last Monday night at
the home of his parents, 210^ Waller
street, from the effects of a fall. The lit
tle fellow was playing with some children
in front of the house and slipped and fell.
He told his mother that his head felt
queer and he was put to bed. He was rest-
Ing easily, and It was not thought until
some .time afterward that he was serious
ly hurt. When alarming sumptoms ap
peared Dr. Jerome Hughes was called in
and found the child suffering from con
cussion of the brain.' Leonard died short
ly after, and the accident was reported to
Coroner Leland yesterday. .The skull was
fractured at the base. . • . ••• .
SCHOOL BOY DIES FROM
' THE EFFECTS OF A FAZiT.
Eight- Year-Old Son of the Secretary
of Fire Commission Meets With
Initial Meeting of Advisory
Oommittee at Party
Headquarters.
The Republican Prinaary League Is far
In advance of all other organizations In
the work of awakening public Interest In
the cause of good municipal government.
Activity prevails at the headquarters of
the league, 930 Market street. Citizens
recognize the fact that the founders of the
league have no candidates to boom. The
• main purpose is . to bring to the j primary
polls a large representation of Republican
voters. Bosses and place-hunters are tak
ing alarm because they perceive that an
awakening of citizens to a full sense of
public duty means the overthrow of boss
ism and the defeat of cliques formed to
further the interests of candidates.
The directors of the league are highly
gratified to receive personal assurance
from " leading citizens that the work al
ready accomplished is widely appreciated.
Yesterday was a . busy day at headquar
ters. In the afternoon the advisory com
mittee met to confer with the president
and board of directors of the league.
Among well known Republicans attending
were Vanderlynn Stow, ; I. J. Truman, J.
E. Doollttle, Marion Leventritt, A. Ger
berding, Emile Bauer, H. P. Sonntag,
George Lowenberg, G. • H. Umbsen, I* H.
Bonestell, B. Arnhold, O. F. von Rhein,
E. W. Joy, Dr. W. F. McNutt and Thomas
R. Bannerman. Owing to absence from
the city or the necessity of keeping busi
ness engagements the following named
citizens abuld not be present at the hour
set for tie meeting, but they sent assur
ances of their support: I. W. Hellman Jr.,
R. H. Lloyd, J. L. Koster, P. N. Lilien
thal, S. C. Denson, J. Levi Jr., B. R.
Hecht, James McNab, Van R. Paterson,
W.-H. Crocker, Wendell Easton, E. W.
McCarthy, H. D. Loveland, J. D. Slebe,
W. G. Stafford, George R. Wells, Mark
Sheldon,. W. E. Dixey, C. C. Burr, Ed
Pollitz, • T. W. Collins, C. B. Rode and
George A. Moore.
At the joint conference of the directors
of the Primary League and the advisory
committee Thomas P. Woodward, presi
dent of the league, presided. The pur
poses of the organization were clearly set
forth by ' A. Ruef, chairman of the
league's campaign committee. He spoke
of the work already accomplished and
outlined the duties aiiead. The members
of the advisory committee listened with
keen interest to all that Mr. Ruef had to
say in regard to the purposes and princi
ples of the organization. At the conclu
sion of his statement H. P. Sonntag,
Marlon Leventritt, Emile Bauer, G. H.
Umbeen and others addressed the confer
ence. The brief speeches Inspired enthu
siasm.' Mr. Leventritt introduced these
resolutions, which were adopted with
hearty applause: :
Importance of Attending Primary.
- The advisory committee cordially Indorses
the purposes and objects of ¦ the Republican
Primary League and commends the faithful
and honest work thus far carried on by ita
members. ¦ . >¦
Recognizing that the primary elections are In
reality the fundamental and Important basis
of every project making for good government,
it is heartily to be hoped that all good citizens
of every party will do their utmost toward
calling out as large a vote aa possible at the
ensuing primary elections, which are now, by
force of a beneflclent • law governing " primary
elections, surrounded by the same safeguards
and securities against frauds and violence as
are regular elections. .
It Is only by the apathy of the great body
of good citizens that the ever vigilant boss
cliques may rule and ruin our city govern
ment. "
As the day fixed by law for the next' primary
election, namely, August 13, 1901, has now on
the petition of the Republican Primary League,
been declared, a legal holiday, there Is no jus
tifying reason for the failure of any good citi
zen to do his share, large or small, in secur
ing a representative vote at said primary elec-
The primary election being held to select del
egates to a convention which will nominate a
Mayor, Board of Supervisors and all the mu
nicipal officers, is of prime importance to
every citizen who favors a strong, clean and
sound municipal administration.
The work of the Republican Primary League
in enlisting public Interest and in organizing
the forces of the Republican party for the es
tablishment- and maintenance of an honest,
firm and stable city government cannot be too
warmly praised.
Advisory Committee Organizes.
The advisory committee resolved to or
ganize and co-operate actively with the
league. A preliminary organization was
effected by the election of H. P. Sonntag
chairman. Vanderlynn Stow vice chair
man, Charles B.- Arnhold secretary and L
J. Truman treasurer. So much Interest
was manifested in the campaign for good
government that the members of the ad
visory committee attending resolved to
increase the committee from fifty mem
bers to one hundred, each committeeman
pledging to secure the co-operation of one
other active citizen. On account -01. the
magnitude of the advisory body .1^ was
decided to create : an executive commit
tee of eleven members to act in conjunc
tion with the league. It was further re
solved that the spacious headquarters of
the Republican Primary League, 930 Mar
ket street, should be the headquarters of
the advisory committee. '
An important conference of leading Re
publicans representing the Thirty-fourth
Assembly District. was held at the rooms
of the league yesterday. Indications of
harmony in the district were noted. The
voters are organizing to send a delegation
of good men to the municipal convention.
Evidence of Good "Work
Accomplished and
. Outlined.
REPUBLICANS
OF TH E LEAGUE
HAPPY YOUNG COUPLE ARE WEDDED
AT ALTAR OF ST. JOSEPH'S GHURGH
J. Harry Brennari and Miss Katherine Gorman United With Solemn
Ceremony by the Rev. Father Hartnett— -Splendid Reception Is
Tendered to the Newly Married Pair by Relatives and Friends
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY ,3/ 1901.
.PENNSYLVANIA -SYSTEM; of , Rail
ways. Office— 30 Montgomery street * ,
' Recorder Godchaux filed his annual- re
port with" 1 the Mayor ' yesterday, showing
that the total receipts for the fiscal. year
just ended were $39,584 45. : The expendl
tues were $33,852, leaving a surplus of
$5732 45. An annual ; deficit" of $8000 under
th£ consolidation act ha» been replaced
by the surplus named. - The. total number
of instruments filed; during -. the year i
amounted to 25,766, as against 24,622 during,
the preceding- fiscal year.-. ".
Recorder Files Annual Report.
'i. Jesse Moore Whiskeys are famous the world
over, for purity, and flavor. as', well as for all
the other qualities ftiat make good whiskey. •
MME. ELL A RTJSSELGL ABRIVES
HERB FROM AUSTRALIA
"En Route to England to Fill Sev
eral Important Engage
ments. '
- Mme. Ella Russell.- the well-known so
prano of England, arrived here yesterday
on the steamship Ventura en route to
England. Mme. Russell was specially
engaged to appear in Australia in grand
opera. ¦ 'during the visit of the Duke and
Duchess of York in the colonies. '
She made a tremendous success in Aus
tralia andi is hurrying home to appear at
Leeds. England, at the annual musical
festival.'- ' . ' .-. ':.'-•;:: \ ' '¦'''_
Mr. Robert Cummings left the city yes-r
terday.to return in six weeks, and he says
nothing.
Shaw wrote to Cummings and was successful
in getting a contract. He asked for $50 a week
for himself and the radiant creature - he - de
scribed as being with him, and -was told 'to Join
the company, as it came west,- at Chicago.
Cumm'nsa had no idea Mrs. Spies .was with
Shaw and did not learn this until he landed In
New York. When he did learn this fact he de,
termlned to terminate that Shaw contract right
there. . , #
When Shaw landed in Chicago, ready to start
to Salt Lake City with the company, he was
Jarred by receiving notice that he was not
wanted. He showed up at the depot with Mrs.
Spies, however, and | insisted- on going aboard
the train that was taking the company.
Then Mr. Cummings fell upon Mr. Shaw and
not only violently restrained him from enter
ing the car, but so altered and marred his linea
ments as to make Mr. Shaw practically unrec
ognizable.
And the plaint. of Mr. Shaw is : that all
this is woefully and cruelly untrue. .
"I have had trouble enough," ¦ he said
last night. "All. I want now is to make a
living. For my own sake, and for the
lady's, I assure you most emphatically
that there is no truth in . the story, of
Mrs. Spies. I never had any trouble, fis
tic or otherwise, with Bob Cummings. He
is one of my best • friends. He told me
only yesterday that he was glad he had
placed me here." , ¦
But Mr. Shaw refused, positively, to say
that he had lost an engagement . because
of the Nemesis.. t ,':¦:
They were stranded at the -end of the
traditional two weeks. ; Let the Nemesis
go on with the story: r , ' ..
Shaw welcomed himself Into the Spies house
hold. He spent most of the time In Spies' of
fice, softly whispering to Mrs. Spies. *.*.;¦•
Last summer, when the companies for the road
v. ere being filled, Shaw succeeded j in Inducing
Mrs. Spies to Join her fortunes with his, and he
secured an engagement with the Krankie Car
penter Company, touring 1 New . England.
h The tale of the Nemesis Is thus told:
Shaw had been engaged by Robert Cum
mlngs, manager, as a general utility, man.
That* was: nearly or quite two years ago.
He lasted through the season,, and when
it closed Shaw was recommended by Mr.
Cummings to J. J. Spies, the well known
dramatic agent of New York, as a capa
ble man for general work. . - . .'. ¦¦ a
' The Nemesis, which is another name for
an article from the New York ( Morning
Telegraph cf December 28/ 1900, goes on
with the story as follows: ¦ ¦ . .
The Nemesis comes all the way. from
New York in the form of a circular that
has been sent broadcast; apparently to
theatrical men all through the. country.
Mr. Shaw- himself • comes from - Los" An
geles with Mrs. Shaw, where he has been
playing with the Ralph Cummlrigs Dra
matic Company. Mr. Shaw saya :that
company owed -him moneys when he left
and that he has need of it. . . -
Mr. Shaw himself dawned on the city
only a few days ago. He was engaged for
a part In a play, soon to be produced at
a popular place of amusement. Then the
Nemesis came. Mr. Shaw was disengaged.
He says, moreover, and with some bitter
ness of spirit, that the Nemesis is wrong
and that it has caused him. trouble before
this.
There is a Nemesis on the track of John'
Jay Shaw, actor. Mr. Shaw was booked
to rise above the dramatic horizon of San
Francisco, but the Nemesis may stop him.
NEMESIS TRACKS
JOHN JAY SHAW
An Episode in the Actor's
Past Rises to Con
fuse Him.*
The police were notified and Detective
Bailey was detailed on the case. ¦ Leggett'
informed him that he could reco?niz> the
man he saw running away, and Monday
Leggett sent anote that if the detectives
would be in the neighborhood of the hotel
about -'2 o'clock ¦ yesterday morning 1 the
suspected robber might be there. Bailey
and Gibson were there at the appointed
time and. Leggett pointed put Martin as
the man. He was at once i- placed under
arrest and locked up in the "tanks." It
is' not the flrst time he has been ; arrested
for robbery. In December, 1898, he waa
held to answer to the Superior Court on
a charge of robbing William Arundell of
a gold watch and charm, but was acquit
ted by a jury the following March. * .
About 2 o'clock Sunday morning Robin
son reached the. entrance to the hotel. H&
had Just made a step inside when he was
struck a violent blow oh the head, which
rendered him unconscious. S. J. Leggetr,
the - night, clerk, heard the noise of th«
fall and ran out to see what was the mat
ter. : He observed a man running away
and ' was able to obtain a good look at
him. : Robinson was carried inco tli-3 hotel
and soon recovered consciousness.' His
goldwatch and chain, valued at SSO, and
about- $100 in coin that had beer, in his
trousers pockets had been stotea. He is
still suffering from the effects of the. blow
on' the head. The robber had overlooked
$400 which Robinson had in an ingide
pocket of his vest.
Charles H. Martin was arrested at an
early hour yesterday morning by Detec
tives Bailey and-T. B. Gibson and lock/ed
up in the ''tanks." He is suspected of
using a sandbag or slungshot ' upon the
head of C. O. Robinson, a guest at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel, Fifth and Mission
streets, early Sunday morning and rob
bing him of his gold watch- and chain and
about $100 in cash.
C. O. Robinson, a Guest
- at the Cosmopolitan,
the Victim.
SANDBAGGING
AND ROBBERY
WELL-KNOWN TOTJNG COUPLE
WHO WERE UNITED IN ST. JO
SEPH'S CHURCH YESTERDAY.
Low Bates All Over the State.
Southern Pacific •will sell Fourth of July
excursion tickets at low rates from every
ticket office on the system. On sale July 3
and 4, limited to July 8. For details in
quire of nearest agent, or at 613 Market
' street.
is
12
ADVERTISE— —iNTS. '
SPECIAL
,
We will have on SPECIAL SALE all tils week
about 500 PIECES BEST QUALITY GROS DE >
NAPLES TAFFETA RIBBON, full 5 IncllBS
in width. ____^
Price lit Yard.
The above aoods are from one of the best
manufacturers in this country and are in the
following shades \ Lilac, Old Rose, Greens,
Cardinal, Blues, Pinks, Cream, Turauoise,
Cerise, iYoru, Navus, Heliotrope, 1 also Black,
We will also sell this week 150 Cartons FINE
TAFFETA RIBBON, with high luster and soft
finish, in all. the new, light shades, in the
following numbers? 7, 9 and 16— prices 50c,
60c and 90c per piece of 10 yards.
FEATHER BOAS.
We have just opened a large shipment of Yeru
fine FEATHER BOAS, from one uard to two
uards long, These ' are in Pure White,
Natural, Black and three shades of Grau.
¦HI. 113, !I5. 117. !I9. 12! POST STREET. i
M^^^^^^ Semiannual
¦ '¦^^u^^ir^^',^8___ Cic**Mi t '3inr& Qiita!
; "^fP%_*-^" k* BaianCy oalGJ
M»l. f$iiiliilS& Special Bargains
Mm iim^^MWS^^^ Handsome Bedroom Suits-Brass .
i^_^SS XPl_I8§KM Beds, Separate Bureaus. Chiffoniers,
g^^^g -_ W -^3^^^SW - ¦ Fancy Rockers. Folding Beds and
rtj "jr^^By-^jj other household goods which you
hB i_Jy£- ; ¦ W '^^^^MJ^^^r^.^cyi^' . can secure at prices never before of- •
. •«^^_____- Don't Mfss This Opporttrnlty.
'Special Discounts from io to 40 per cent for cash.
THE ¦MONEY-SAVING FURNITURE AND CARPET HOUSE,
. Cash or Credit.
KRAGEN FURNITURE C0,,'°^S;S? 1
AT1VT HB.TTRPTVn~JTS
For
This tfzym
The excel- &?&?&%&. (j
lent line of \
Warm Weather FOOTWEAR. \
/ as advertised in last Sunday's \\
papers, has taken the coia:nun- /
ity by storm and won for us an- \
other record for daring- and lib-
erality. These
Ladies' White Canvas
Oxford Ties
¦iMrft are made with ,
"white canvas or I
j£E_tSNV'A white kid tips.
\i* >*££=• J* hand turned soles
S '*_££- . -\ and French heels.
\ J&YlW Sizes 2^ t0 ">>
I 4§JMA$ S widths, AA to Ev
j /9/i /Hit Balance of
3 14 this week only
» !|a */ In order to provide -
|Jf FUN FOR THE
O CHILDREN
T - . we have arrang-ed
t •'-___ _ for the distri-
. Dution of redheads and fire-
crackers, like illustration, untij
,a v to-morrow, July 4, to every child
coming to our store,
i We have no agents, and any
person representing himself as
such is an Impostor.
Send for our new catalogue.
0. ftatecfyinsKi
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
IOTHIBDST. -SANfRAHClSCP
£MM&) WEAK
.f^ygpJll^p A1EN and
2^!»]p WOMEN
¦*'w*9j_W?^_i_»2i&^ can obtain renewed
* f -rr»<.-T*Syf- *S ' Etrer -P th *£>¦& vig-or
» >JVij?S332j>-?^ v S by the > uee °* " Dr -
f //"r#» C > Y^\" proved) BLEC-
~ ' " ¦ ~~~ i RIC B£.L_r 6.nd
appliances. Drugs
oo not etire. Electricity is the remedy!
! Bur no Belt nntll yon eee "Dr. Pieree'a,"
for it Is the BEST and th© lowest in price.
CTCall at office or Bend a 2-cent stamp
lor new "Booklet No. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 2O0 Poet et., San Fran-
cisco. New York office — IMS Broadway.
(211 CMICHESTER'S ENGLISH
pENFWHOVai., PILLS
B _-<ffir*W , _.. OH_*—J and O-Jy Genuine.
~ / 7/^M?iv 8ArE - ii w f7" eUl WS_J«4to-,_rtI>nu«1r«
/M> VNlflL tn CHI CHESTER'S ENGLISH
/y*i^^g^S la Ui:i> »nl Cold metiille bciM. mlel
7?* 9k V_) Dncwmu tsubitttation* and I in It*.
¦if T tD — ""• *"' Sf y°"" r Oraggirt. or arad 4«. la
I _. .l«r mt *?£t,, t °L r? rt t Bm \ mr + T«-**_wnUl_
\~\ nr ~* JWtf **»r~~.e_," *»!_»¦. b/w
_A h i urn Mall. 1 O.OttO Tnttaasl_I«. 8o)4b»
- -r is Dmalm. • CatehMter Choaleal O.1
KtBUop — « p-p«r. Mall—a Bq«are. PH1UU _*_
13 T> TT O _T C TOE BARBERS, BAK-
Jj rLU _t£X__O "¦•• bootblacks, bath-
*^**' W houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourrnllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hansers, printers, painters, shoe factories, .ta-
blemen, tax- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
'Phone Howard 1021.
1 flirA \3 „ 4 Ira a M__.^3
jga Key EA *g Mk g ISO IB
119 TAYLOR STREET.
OLIVES, 25c bottle, now 15c.
U1II Very best Eastern.. .pound |03 A
HA III All brands in stock. Lean. l/oR
1111111 sweet, tender. lt9g
Regularly 15c. FRIDAT.
EGGS, guaranteed, dozen 173.C.
PftftpBcst Ranch dozen Ofli*
rhhN Selected for boiling: and /MR
— ****** poaching. - — **.
20 MORE SPECIALS AT STORE.
BUTTER . ? ;!";c!^.!?^'29b
Choice of brands. Good butter our spe-
cialty.
•GRENADINE, quart bottla 45c.
pnpfU Ghirardelli's tin lf) ft
wwwwn Cut from 2-^ ivv
EASTERN ROLLED OATS/ 10 lbs 25c.
JESSE M00RE™?;:;;- : 45c
Flat Bottle to pack In grip.
HOLT/AND GIN, quart bottle 6Oc.
IJfllirO Port and Sherry... gallon OC a
W Nto St Lawrence Vineyard. hOfi
liuiuu isp6 Regular $1.00 UUU
We Invite Sampling of All Wines.
Mrs. Faber's preserving kitchen open to
all; 16 varieties now ready. 119 Taylor st.
I &6*^_* 4^_.
__* i ¦ . 4^J» _P^jl
MODERN DENTAL
PARLORS,
120S-3IARKET ST.-12M ;
Telephone- Howard 431.
PRICES UNVARYING,.
TEETH EXTRACTED. ... 25c
Cleaning, polishing-, etc Jl 00
Fillings ; Me.
First-class bridge work 6 00
Plates for S 00
Best crowns _; 5 00
GRADUATE DENTISTS ONLY.
St-llaiw 5_^8L_| f9 ____^MkI
drimcnulty:
q^HIS WILL-K^OWN AND RELIABLE OLD
J. Specialist cures B lood Poison , Gonorrhoea.Oteet,
Stricture , Hemiiml Weakness, lmpotf ncn and tnair
allied Disorders. Book en Duteanes ol Man. frs«.
Over 20 yejirs'fxperlence.Teriin reasonable. Hoar*.
Dto3daliy;8:30to8.30«v'K3..Sandara,10toia, Consul-
tationfreeand3*credlyconade:atlal. Can oraddrtsi
P. ICOSCOE MeX CLTY. 31. D.
3G>. Kearny St., San Francisco. CaJ-
i __M> - 1 1 THrlTM_<i i m I i mm m~ up p ' m(\ n.ii *__ _.__ ¦¦ ¦¦ jUrl
You jJJWcanv
Fit Eyeglasses with
a Foot Rule
because fitting eyeglasses to
the eyes requires the skill of the
optician and the right kind o?
glasses. Our glasses nevsrfail
to ftive ' perfect satisfaction —
never fail to correct feeble vis-
ion op to Improve imperfect eye-
. sight of whatever nature. They
give decided < comfort to the
wearer, never come apart and
are ground sccording to the .
highest approved sctentiflc
methods.
§taKwOpt_al€o.
217Kearneic3t- -3-ii Gwcbco,