Continued;bn Second Page.
Continued on Second Page.
Continued on f Second Page.
REDLANDS AWAITS
CHIEF MAGISTRATE
BYW;:F.;BURKE.
| . -^V : '; EDLANDS.v May- 7.— Redlands is astir with all the bustle and prepara-
I -B i . u ° n th^- t . Presage'aij event in', her* history" The streets are filled with
I \-"' ¦P e °P le v a 's ood .^hajf'of them, strangers, or, at least visitors, and, down
I -,'^ -V ;: the :'™4l? flags 'and 'banners and colored bunting flutter in a be
•JL.. >.' iwildering -but .^brilliant-* confusion.-" The" last ; touches are put on decora
' '.-. • ti ? n ; The; last palm leaf is.belngtackedtothe "apex of the great archi
COMMITTEE BUSY
ON FINAL PLANS
W'HILE the members. of thei Presidential party are feasting their
.eyes on the verdure of spnny. fertile Southern California after a
dreary trip, across the desert and are listening to the plaudits of a
people enthusiastically "determined that no welcome shall outvie
theirs,' hundreds of busy men and women in San' Francisco will be
working with the industry of beavers, intent upon perfecting the
arrangements for the local reception, which", "they say, must and shall.be the
greatest of them all in every respect.
The executive committee, will hold an important meeting at 11 o'clock this morn
ing. Thechairmen of the various sub-committees will make detailed reports, and
RHOENIX, Ariz., May 7.— The trip of -the Presidential
party to Congress, Ariz., to visit the Congress mines,
was the most adventurous^and thrilling of' th# entire
. journey. v ; In point of 'novelty "and excitement no other
" place yet visited", will- compare with this.
-. . . ; /Congress is about seventy miles north of Phoenix,
and tlie principal line here is owned by E. P3.' Gage, F.- M.
Murphy, D.JI. Ferry, the Detroit seed man, and N. K. "Fair-,
banks. The town is 1000 feet above the sea and the mine is
located far above the town. The members of the Presidential
party, accompanied by Mr. Gage, t^he president ¦ of the mine.
| went part of the way up the mountain in a railroad' train, the
balance of the distance being made afoot. The President hfrn
self headed the long line of travelers winding up. the mountain
paths. The scene was so strange that the photographers of
ihe party begged the President many times to pose for them,
and he did eo. At one time he started toward a cactus tree
to stand. in front of it to have his picture taken. He stumbled
on a rock, and. in reaching out to catch something his right
"iar.d came in contact with the needles of a gigantic cactus
tree. His hand was painfully pricked. Several people - assisted ¦
in removing the sharp points.
Before the train reached Congress the President had
evinced a desire to go down into the deepest shaft at the mine,
a distance cf over 2000 feet into the bowels of the earth. Mem
bers of the party urged him not to do so, saying that if any
thing should happen to him blame would always rest on the
other members of the party for not opposing the project: The
President agreed with his friends and so did not go down into
j the shaft. He stood at the mouth of the deep hole and watched
the others start down, telling them good-by as the lit le incline
cars began to disappear out'of sight. -All the members of the
party except Mrs. McKinley and Secretary Wilson went down
into the shaft. Miss Hitchcock, ' Miss Barber, Miss' Wilson,
Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Hay, Mrs. Cortelyou, Mrs. Moore and
Mrs. Rixey exhibited the greatest pleasure in the feat they, had
performed. ¦ . • N
President Traverses Deep Tunnel in Mine^
The President accomplished a daring feat, however./ From
the mouth of the shaft where the party went down is a deep,
dark tunnel leading, across under the mountain to the mill,
where the ore is crushed. .Accompanied by. Mr.' Gage, the .
President walked briskly through this tunnel. At times he
was 1500 feet below the' surface of the earth; ' The tunnel had
an occasional canJle burning along its sides, but these gave ¦
practically no light. The track of a little tramway guided the
President in his movements. • . . * ' .
,A few photographers were following behind the President.
Stopping at a dark place the President said* "This i3 where;
you ought to get a photograph." One of the "men wanted time,
to go. to the train for a flashlight apparatus, but the President:
would not consent to wait, and so the opportunity for . the '¦
greatest picture of all was lost. '.
Emerging from the tunnel at the .mill where the ore is j
crushed and the gold separated from it, the. President was :
conducted through the building, paying close attention to 'the;
descriptions of. the workings... He inspected the cyanide work's :
and saw cast a bar of. gold worth 528,000. The President was •
much interested, and asked if he could not see the bar, "It is •
redhot," said Mr. Gage. "I will show it," shouted one of ¦'the j
melters, a man named Richmond, stepping forward! and with \
only the protection of a. few rags for his hands he seized : the ;
redhot mold and dumped the white-hot bar of glowing metal
upon, the stone. The rags were ignited by the heat and ;'the*>
young man's hands were scorched, but he did not wince.
"That is the -true American pluck," exclaimed the Prcsi- :
dent, advancing toward Richmond. "I want to shake your.
hand." He gi-asped the man's hand 'and sh^ok it cordially.
Through the Fertile. Salt River Valley. !
The President did a great deal of walking up and down the
mountain sides on the way. to the various points of interest,"
and b^e seemed to enjoy it. His wife was a little" troubled when*
he started from the car and begged the, members of the party
who were going to places of more or,less'danger to take- care
of her husband. . . . . ' « /
Secretary Wilsonsaid that it was in the section of Arizona;:
around Congress- . that the Department- of Agriculture some
time ago: sent some- date palms that had been secured, by the
department in Tripoli. ..He expects to hear ; good reports from ¦
them' at an. early date; - ', .' ;
The railroad from here to, Congress was carefully . gone overf ;
by the • railroad officials before the long train (of the President -
was pulled over. it. A train of an engine- and four , cars "was -
dispatched ahead "of • the ; train from ; here : to ': Congress and . re- >: :
turn, so as to guard against accident. .Two engines; pulled the '
train,; but they did not run. tandem. Between the first and se'e-r
ond engines .were^ a ,-flatcar. and a', caboose.' '"' The i r failfoad ;'offl- < ¦
cials did not-want to riskthe weight'of two engines on' sdme'df : ;
the tall bridges. '.
BY C. C. CARLTON,,. ,
Special Correspondent of The Cal
. . Leaving^. -the; rich mining section in the mountains,' the train
dropped down^ into; the green Salt River Valley, with its way
.;i:is^alfalfa_'meadow's- and big herds of cattle. -This valley is
called the garden«spot:of Arizona, and was reclaimed by irri
' cation!' - r
Yesterday, passing through New ' .Mexico, and to-day in
.Arizona, the- cow-punchers at the stops" along the route in
. quired, vociferously; where "Teddy" . was. Many of -the Vice
President's Hough "Rklers during the Spanish war were re
'cruitedin this section, and there was much disappointment
.that"he was not in the party. . .
Address to the School Children at Wickenburg
.The tire, of, one of the engines expanded "from the heat
on the way from Congress to Phoenix and there' was a delay
of some time. "The wire was tapped by ah operator and the
news of the delay was sent to Phoenix, which was waiting
impatiently for the coming of the party. The operator, who
tapped the wire sent a request that an engine' be sent out from
i Phoenix to relieve the crirpled engine, which the officials were
afraid would jump the- track. The train pulled along slowly
until the fres.h engine arrived. .. ' ¦: :-. .¦ .
At Wickenburg, the scene of the recent gold' strike, the
train was halted' long enough to permit the President to re
ceive a visit from the school children. The children presented
, Mrs. v McKinley with a , cabinet of .specimens. The President
. thanked the children in Mrs.' McKinley's behalf and addressed
them briefly as .follows:
'. It gives me sreat pleasure to be received by the ¦ Governor ¦ of
'•- your .Territory ¦ and to receive your wa^n welcome as we journey
toward Phoenix. It is especially pleasant to meet the children, the
boys and the girls of the public schools. Tl)er» is. nothing eo essential
in a free government, resting .upon' the j:eople as education, t and I
, have, been glad to note that in your Territory broad and ' ample
are .made., .for education. The schoolhouse ¦ is the university
out of which come' good citizens, and it. is on good 'citizenship we
must rely not only for. the present but for the ' future good and glory
of the'republic. f . .
Train Arrives at Phoenix Two Hours Late.
.'_; 'The accident to the locomotive tender delayed the" arrival of
the "train at Phoenix two hours 'and somewhat' disarranged
the programme here.V 1 Nevertheless the party received a rous
ing welcome. At the station the Territorial militia, a company
, of _, cowboys on bronchos and some of the friendly Pima''and
Maricopa Indians joined In; the wildly enthusiastic reception."
The party was driven to the Adams; Hotel; for luncheon.and
afterward was escorted to the Territorial Capitol, where the
formal exercises tool: place. ; . .¦ : -.-..' :'¦¦ >
Governor Murphy delivered an address of welcome, to.which
the. President responded as follows: ; ¦ " ... • •-.".' ".'
, "Governor, Murphjv my ; fellow* citizens: I am glad to - be
greeted here- by the Governor. of your Territory.- '. I; have* heard
a good deal about Arizona* from those of your people who come
to Washington. They; have,'- as 1; suppose, never , understated*
the facts. I am prepared since my visit through your Territory
lo believe" that what they have. said to me and to others is no
exaggeration of "your real, condition. / '¦" : ";i
, "You^need a few.; more ¦ people, and there is nothing- helps
immigration like irrigation. ; (Great applause.). I have, been
glad to note the splendid .progress you have made and: :1am
glad to : bow in admiration of the pioneers of progress in % the
Territory of -'.You have triumphed .over.: many .trials^
you have overcome many- difficulties, "yOu^ have done what' it
has : been given to few people to do— you have made grass grow
where rt-never, grew.; before. -.You: have field, and, forest,, you
have mines, you. have rich products. from one end. of your Ter
ritory tothe other, and ybu'have a larger 'area" of square miles
"than 'the kingdom of.Italy, thatcontains a population of thirty
millions.' -(Applause.) ;.-."'¦ . ' r
\ '-'I am. glad to. make acknowledgment to the State. builders
here in Arizona,, the men who build the commonwealth that;at |
last^becomes one of the gloriousStates in 1 this gloi-ious Union}
I "have -been : glad to note your -splendid public improvements. .
: This ; Capitol, on * the steps of which I [ stand to-day, : should be :
a matter of pride. to the.people of your Terrftory.^ Your, public
schools,, your university of learning at. the old" capital of the
Territory, v your, care^for 1 the- unfortunate people that dwell; in
your midst, all give evidence of that' splendid civilization which;
you so nobly represent. .^ '
- "Nor. do" I forget, standing" iii' this presence, that when we :
were constrained:reluctantly : to go- to war'with Spain arid ' the ;
,call;was, made for volunteers it' was in this Territory that the ;
first', patriotic • response ; was made. (Great i applause.) . This ."
Territory furnished nearly 200 'soldiers for that unique and gal- .
lant . regiment -of .Rough Riders - (applause), and here ; the flag - :
was;, made vfcy the noble women of • Phoenix ' thaVfirsT floated
over a Spanish. fort in Cuba. .(Appiause.)-. •;.. • :
.'.' "What, a -record that regiment' had! It lost some of its -
Redlands to Greet 'Him.
After an Adventurous Day in Arizona the President Con
tinues Journey While Multitudes Wait at
ACROSS DESERT TO OASES
OF THE SUNNY SOUTHLAND
SPEEDS PRESIDENT'S TRAIN
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MAT 8, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
/VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 159.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Governor Will Be Asked to Declare- May
18 a Legal Holiday, \
Sari Franeiseo Prepares to Give an Object Lesson in Fitting
Reeeption to the Nation's Chief. 1
The committee on . decoration has hit
upon a method of adorning, Third street
which will effect a transformation in the
vista of that thoroughfare. Immense
flags will be suspended from, wires
stretched across the street at a height of
twenty feet. Two flags hangrlnj? from
each wire and festooned back at the bot
tom, and fifty such pairs, will leave a pas
sageway for the parade alone which all
that is unsightly will be obscured by the
folds of the Stars and Stripes. The wo
men of the committee which has In charge
the reception to be given to Mrs. Mc-
Kinley and the ladies of the Presidential
party at the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art on Thursday afternoon. May 16, met
yesterday at the Art Institute and com-
It Is hoped that final decisions will be
reached upon all the important features
of. the week's programme.
The foregoing petition will , be presented
this ; morning to the = executive committee,
which meets In • the offices ; of Irving . M.
Scott;'. by; a j committee composed of J. : C.
Kirkpatrick, W.' H.' Crocker. -Wendell Eas
ton. ! C. S.> Benedict,' W.;B/ Hooper/ Henry
L. . Oavis, ; H.' H.1 Taylor, vA.'j Roos - and ~T '
P. Andrews.- :¦ The committee ' has already
To the Executive ; Committee: We^ the
undersigned : citizens, respectfully request
ana ask ; , for, ; your consideration ' of a
change In the route of the military parade
and escort ¦ to i be tendered President Mc-
Kinley on his arrival ; in this city— that is.
that the j route ; of , parade be changed so
that it will turn down Market street from
Third to Montgomery; to Kearny, v to Mar
ket and out Market, as originally in
tended. \ - •-.•••;.- ¦••• • -.-. ... • •-:... ;•-¦
;. The 'following petition was therefore cir
culated among , the business men yester
day ; and : more ' than 400 signatures - were
attached: 1 r : .
Ask Change in 'Idne, of Parade.
escort to the : President fwaa to move up
Third street to Market and out that thor
oughfare; but a- number of leading citi
zens.who- have subscribed liberally to the
fund raised to entertain. the President and
who- intend decorating v their places, of
business In his honor thought they were
entitled to some consideration. ~
pleted the arrangements for the affair. It
was decided that the guests of: honor are
to be stationed in the ebony room. The
invited euests are to be 'admitted to the
institute throug-h the side entrance and
ushered into the Searles gallery. Prom'
the gallery they will pass Into the ebony
room and then out into the vestibule. v • _."
Twenty ladies will officiate as marshals
and will take charge of those bidden to
gTeet the distinguished ladles. The du
ties of the marshals will be to -see that
the guests pass - in regular \ order II to and
from the receiving room, and ; that the
crowd does not congest in the ebony room
and thereby inconvenience -those, who are
receiving and . those whom they would
greet.
Invitations for the great reception will
be sent out to-day and will number 2000.
The invitations read as follows; ':
¦ - • The Ladles ot the ? -. ;
¦ San Francisco • Art Association
i' and the
Women's Clubs of San Francisco •".
¦ invite you 'to be present at a reception *
¦to - ¦¦ ¦ '¦ - '.-" - ¦¦ ¦ ;.
MRS. KcKINLEt; • .. V
and the ladies of the Presidential ; party ' °
on , the • afternoon of Thursday, ; May sixteenth,'
: " Nineteen huufired and one, ,: ¦
• atlthree o'clock. ';-;,.-.
.', Mark -Hopkins s Institute of .Art.: . ;-';,;-
With each - in vitatlori\will : be inclosed ; a :
An effort \ is \ being made by the , down
town ..business men to - have : the ¦¦ route t of
the parade- and"- escort to President ) Mc-
Kinley changed so ", that they : may have
an •¦; opportunity "to "see "the. distinguished
euest. As was originally intended, the
Representing the Art Association— Mrs.
Phebe Hearst, Mrs. Irving: M. Scott, Mrs. Mar
garet Irvine, I Mrs.- JSrnma Shatter Howard,
Mrs. John F. Merrill, Mrs. J. B. Crockett, Mrs.
Lewis Gerstle, Mrs. A. N. Towne,' Miss A. B.
Chitteiiden; ¦ Mrs. • Horace Davis, .- Mrs. David
Bixler, -Mrs.'. Henry L. iJodge. Mrs. Louis SIoss,
Mrs. Joseph Grant, Mrs. William Crocker, ' Mrs.
Zelle, Mrs. Henry Payot, Mrs. W. B. Bourne.
Mrs. William- Alvord, Mrs. Henry T. -Scott.--".
Century Club,' Mrs. Fred Hewlett: California
Club, Mrs. Lovell White; Sorosis, Mrs. W. R.
Eckart: Laurel Hall, Mrs. J.v Brandt; Forum,
Mrs.- E.»G. Deniston; Sketch Club,. Miss A. F.
Brlggra; . Women' b . Council, - Mrs. ¦ G. I. Bryant;
Spinners' -Club, ,Mrs.:~ A. Gerberding; Corona
Club, -Mrs.' Frank Dalton; Press Club, Mrs.
Ella M. Sexton rMillo Club, Mrs. F. D. Bates;
Wi-Mo-Daugh-Sis, ' Mrs. F. - J. Thayer ; Town
ond Country. Mrs. . James' A. Robinson;- Fort
nightly, ¦- Hiss Susie" Russell; Collegiate Alum
nac. Miss E\ Dean. ¦ "> '. • ' • ¦¦ -¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ :'."
Those having the affair in charge are aa
follows: ¦ ¦¦-•¦•: ; . -y ' -_ -. -¦, • • '•
Women's Reception Committee.
card of : admission, which i must be pre
sented at the door on the afternoon of tHte
reception. >c _
Edward Smith, a cook discharged a day
or so ago from a Kearny street- restaur
ant, was arrested last night and charged
with forgery- He signed the named his
former employer to a number o£ meal
tickets and sold them.
Cook Charged With Forgery.
bravest and its best at Guasimas and at San Juan Hill; but
they fell for a noble cause. The first colonel of your regiment
is now successfully administering the affairs of the Island of
Cuba as its Governor General— General Wood. (Applause.)
(A voice, ''Three cheers for General Wood." Cheers.)
"And your second colonel is the Vice President of -the
United States. (Cheers.) I 'congratulate you upon the splendid
type and character of your people; and I leave with; you my
best, wishes for their happiness and progress, and that they
soon may be able to show the Congress of the United States
that they have builded well and strongly and wisely this great
Territory and are prepared to be admitted Into the Union of
the States." , , ; .
? A Irive afterward gave the President an opportunity to see
the interesting ruins of the ancient Aztec irrigation system. At
the Indian Industrial School, four miles from Phoenix, the
¦_party had a glimpse of what Is being done In the way of educa
tion for the wards- of the nation. . ; ¦ . . -. -
President McKinley spoke briefly as follows:
"'It has given me very great satisfaction to meet with the
pupils of the Phoenix Indian School. It was a very beautiful
spectacle and one which I shall long remember as I came to
the stand marching through your ranks, and. even more beau
tiful to have you assemole around me and declare as you have
that you are for one country, one language and one flag I
wish you well and bid you all good-by.
At a o'clock this afternoon the Presidential special resumed
its journey. The departure was so timed that the Colorado
E>esert and the old^basin of the Gulf of California below sea
level and barren of all vegetation would be traversed during
the night. ? The Colorado River, which is the boundary of Ari
zona, will be crossed at Yuma and the party will awake to
morrow in California.
At various places former residents of- Ohio assembled at
depots to meet the Governor,, but his Excellency, made his
first speech on the trip; at Kingman, Ariz., this : evening, just
before crossing the Colorado River, on , passing from. Arizona
into California. As the^ Ohio special pulled into Kingman a
salute waa fired. After being presented with a beautiful floral
design Governor Nash returned thanks and spoke of Ohio peo
ple in the West. He said: / \ ¦,••• •>.-..* ;•
"While we claim citizenship In Ohio -we also claim .that
greater, and grander citizenship In our. common country. We
go to California to christen the battleship Ohio, with the cer
tain feeling. that she will ever fight for the honor of the flag
and the, honor of our common country." •¦'.-. ;
NEEDLES,; . Cal., May 7.— The Ohio special bearing Gover
nor Nash and party passed through here on time to-night. The
Buckeyes expect to have a drive j at Riverside early in the
morning and reach Los Angeles at 1 o'clock to-morrow, where
they remain until Friday. , ' -
Everybody Is looking forward to getting „ into the green
fields of California, knowing that then there will be a change
of scenery and fresh beauty at all times upon which the eyes
may feed with pleasure. The splendid hospitality of California
Is beginning before the train gets lntt> that State. Boxes of
oranges, flowers and other presents for all the members of
the party are already being received. . ,_...-..
The ride across the remainder of the desert country this
afternoon and to 7 nlght may be somewhat trying. The Presi
dent's car is protected from the dust by means of a new sys
tem of ventilation, which admits the fresh air and keeps out
the sand and dust. The ventilators were made especially for
his car and' have been, in use" since '¦ San Antonio ¦ was passed.
They have proved a great blessing in the run over the plains.
Governor Nash and Party Enter California.
'¦¦ O'Brien & Sportono, $10; Katz & Sons, $10;
W. B.- Moraghan, $10; J. H.'. McMenomy,' $10;
Will &':Finck. $10; Kast & Co., $10; Livingston
Bros., $10; Lengfeld's 'Pharmacy. $10; Eugene
Korn, $10; R. D. . Davis & Co.. $10; \ Von Rhein
& Co.,' $10; Hawks & Skelton, $10; San Francisco
News Company ,< $10; Edward Pollltz, 1 $l0; Henry
St. Goar. ?10: " Robert B. , Hochstadter, $10; R.
G. Brown, $10; Duperu & Co..;$10; W. H. Bre
mer, ¦ $10; ; Jacob i - Barth, - $10: John Sutro.'
$10; G. F. Bowman, $10; A. Miellbronner.
$10; R. I— Turpirv $10; . F. , "W. Hall,
$10; J. B. Reinsteln. $10;" Simpklns &
Thorp, $10; A. B. Maguire, $10; :Hey, Graner
holz & Co., $10; Rothenberg & Co.. $10; C. W."
Craig, i $10: Hey erf eld. Mitchell & Co.. $10: The
Rosenblatt -Co.,- $10; : Royal. Eagle. Distilleries
Company, '$100; Fischer's ¦; Concert - Hall, .$10;
Midway Plalsance, $10; James * Schwartz, " ?10;
'. The . finance committee , reports the fol
lowing • additional subscriptions . received
up to. yesterday, noon:
Additional Subscriptions.
The President, the Cabinet, the commit
tee and the league's past presidents will
form the central , group at • the reception.
The luncheon to be served In the Maple
room will be an elaborate affair and prob
ablv 250 guests will be at table. Accept
ances of invitations to attend have been
received from 170, and many more are ex
pected.
I A petition to Governor Gage asklnff that
he declare May 18, the day on which the
Ohio is to be launched, a legal holiday Is
being circulated. Ten copies of the peti
tion were put out last night and within
an hour 1000 signatures had been secured.
Those who have the movement in hand
are 'laboring Industriously and have so
arranged matters that the petitions will
reach Governor Gage In Southern Califor
nia.
The movement meets with the approval
of a, : large number of people, as 13 evi
denced by the willingness to sign the peti
tion displayed by those approached.
The reception to be tendered the Presi
dent at. the 'Union League Club is to be
held Immediately upon the return of the
Presidential party from the launching of
the Ohio. A . committee consisting of
George D. Clark, president ' of the club;
\V. M. Abbott; chairman of the reception
committee, and Joseph 8. Spear Jr. will
meet the President and escort him to the
main r room, which will be ¦ handsomely
decorated. ¦-.
Petition for Legal Holiday.
- General R. H. Warfli?ld, chairman of the pa
rade committee, -invites you as a member of
the citizens' . committee asking for a change
in the route of the parade and military escort
tendered President McKlnley on his arrival in
this city: to meet the executive committee to
morrow ' morning, Wednesday, May 8, 1901, at
11 o'clock, at the office of the Union Iron
Works, 222 Market street. :~l :. .¦¦".¦¦ -v~ . *;
secured the consent of the parade com*
mittee. and coupled with this they will
call the - executive committee's attention
to the fact that the President and party
will . arrive in thla city earlier than wa3
contemplated. This will make It possible
for a lengthening of the route of parade.
The following communication was sent
to the members of the citizens' commit
tee by its chairman, T. P. Andrews:
(Continued From Page One.)
ACROSS TIE DESERT TO SUSNY SOUTHLAND SPEEDS PRESIDENT'S TRAIN, WHILE THOUSANDS AWAIT HIS COMING
tenant L. K. Brown, the officers of Com
pany G, Seventh Infantry, N. G. C, the
local military organization, and by other
prominent men of the town.
In decorations Redlands has surpassed
herself. Wisely the people have concen
trated their efforts on Orange street, tne
principal thoroughfare, and have made
the most of It. Bands of bunting of red,
white and blue stretched from the trolley
wire Btringers obliquely to the poles,
make a series of arches that seem to close
in over the driveway like a canopy.' Lit
tle banners of red and white have flut
tered gayly all day, but to-night they
hang listless and in bunches in
the warm breeze. Just ready to flop
themselves to the President to-morrow.
For miles around the peppers and palms
have been robbed again and again of their
choicest branches, and through the
green and carnival yellow and the na
tional colors flames the red gold of the
oranges— the jewel of Redlands. They are
everywhere, like eyes of fire peeping from
among the green branches and the flags
and the flowers fringing the arch with
their brilliant hues, and living into let
ters crying welcome to McKinley. They
are characteristically beautiful.
The arch Is typical of the products of
the Redlands section. It Is a double span
spinglng from all four corners of the
crossing, and two of its openings are
banked with green branches and white
yucca blossoms, leaving a narrow way
through which the President and his
party will pass.
COMMIHEES BUSY WITH PLANS
FOB SAN FRANCISCO RECEPTION
(Continued From Page One.)
¦ ¦¦¦¦'¦¦.'-'.- ¦¦¦•
MEN WHO WILL WELCOME THE PRESIDENT AND SCENES WHICH WILL GIVE FIRST IMPRESSIONS OF CALIFORNIA.
• . . - ¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ " . i ¦ . . ¦' - • ¦ ¦ ' . • ¦ - ' -.'¦ '.¦¦'...-' ¦•¦¦,."."v\ . ¦"¦>¦'.¦ ' .
As the comrades composing thla great organi
zation cannot all be brought from distant parts
of the State to welcome the President in a body
Ccmrades Andrew O. Myers. J. Murray Ballev
W. C. Alberger. Leon E.-. Jones J if' Feeds'
?•¦$•£$$% E - H w He r 1<5k ' E " A BunL ie and
Z. N. Goldsby are hereby appointed a commit
tee as the representatives of the Army and
Navy Republican League of the Slate of Cali
fornia to call upon the President during his
stay in our State at such time and place as mav
suit his convenience and extend to him a wel
come on behalf of the league and to convey
to him the assurances of our continued confi
dence and esteem. . ;.", -
W. H. Seamans, commander In chief of
the Army and Navy Republican League
has issued a general order, the concluding
paragraph of which Is as follows:
Committee of Veterans to Call.
R EDLANOS EAGERLY AWAITING
ARRIVAL OF CHIEF MAGISTRATE
Continued from First Page.
that spans the crossing of Orange and
Biate streets, the last load of fragrant
pepper boughs is being scattered wherever
a bare patch shows Itself on wall or cor
r.ers. and everyone is standing on curbs
ted sidewalks suggesting, criticizing the
work.
The welcome planned for the President
ig not to be effusive, but It will be at least
heartfelt and complete. It Is stated that
for the time being Redlands is the gate
way of the State, and bo all things have
fceeen subordinated to the meeting be
tween Governor Gage and President Mc-
Klnley, which will take place In the lobby
of the Casa Loma Hotel just after the
President steps from his carriage.
The President. If his train la on time,
will arrive in Redlands "at 9 o'clock to
morrow morning. He will be met at the
station by H. H. Sinclair, chairman of
the local committee of arrangements; E.
S. Graham, president of the Redlands
Board of Trade and the Casa Loma
Hotel Company, and J. H. Bohon,
manager of the Casa Loma Hotel.
In a laudau drawn by four white
horses the President will be taken to the
hotel. Mrs. McKlnley will follow in an
other carriage, and then the other mem
bers of the party will follow in -nore car
riages, down Orange street under the
flags and banners and bunting and be
tween tufts of palm and pepper, on up the
eteep to the hotel.
Governor Gage and the Congressional
committee will be in the lobby awaiting
him, and there he will tender the Presi
dent the freedom of the great State of
California, from Oregon to Mexico and
from Nevada to the Pacific, with all she
has to offer, and with it will go a welcome
from deep down in the hearts of all her
people. Then the President will be taken
out oa the upper porcn of the building
that juts out over the driveway and from
there he will address the people of the
town. There Is room for all on the open
¦epace before the hotel and to-morrow it
•will be crowded, for all are anxious to
hear the President's first comment upon
California.
After his address the President and his
party will be taken for a drive. The way
•will be out Orange street, under the arch
and on into Smiley Park, then to Canyon
Creek, where the President may pause
and look down on the town of Redlands,
lying like a carpet at his feet.
The way back will be through Cajon
street, the principal residence street of
the town, and then the party will be
taken to the train.
• It Is hoped that at the train the Presi
dent will make an address, but it Is
no part of the programme, and If McKin
ley does so It will be of his own notion-
He Is scheduled to leave at 12, and the
programme arranged will fill a full three
hours. It will be well spent, however, for
as she is now. decked in her best and
brightest. Redlands offers as fair a sight
as the President will see.
Governor Awaits President.
Governor Gage and his party arrived
here this evening at 11 o'clock. In the
party were the Governor, Senator Perkins
and Senator Bard; Congressmen Kahn,
Coombs, Needham. Metcalf and others,
W. F. Herrin. J. C. Stubbs of the South
ern Pacific. John M. Gleaves, surveyor
peneral and president of the Ohio Society:
Cornelius W. Pendleton, Speaker of the
Assembly; Senator Thomas Flint Jr.,
president pro tem. of the State Senate,
and some invited tuests. SSZU
The Governor and his party were tr.et
at the station by several of the prominent
citizens of the town, and after the Gov
ernor arrived at the hotel cards were left
him by Captain H. B. Higby, First Lieu
•»nant J. C. Underwood and Second Lieu-
If You Have Dyspepsia
Send no money. but writs r.v.eShoop.Racine.Wli'.,
boxl37,for six bottle* of Dr.Shoop"s Restorative;
express paid. If cured.pay J5.G0— if uot.lt la tree*
Los Angeles in Gay Fiesta Clothes Ready
for Noon Arrival.
Redlands Appreciates Its Position as Gateway to Calii ornia
and Will Extend Simple Weleome.
FIRST DAY OF PRESIDENT'S VISIT TO THE STATE
DAWNS UPON AN EAGERLY EXPECTANT PEOPLE
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 8, 1901.
2
H. Heynemann, $10; Monteagle & Co., $10; Alex
G. Hawea, $10; W. Loatea & Co., $10; Benjamin
J. Smith, $10; Union Fish Company, $10: Som
<*rs &. Co.. JIO; Seen & Masner. *10; D.
Keefe. $10; C. S. Laumeister, $10; Sol Wan
senhelm & Co., $10; Eppinster & Co., $10;
Anspaeher & Co.. $10; Moore. Fenruson & Co..
$10: Deming-Palmer Company. $10; Captain
.Webber, $10; John Butler. $10: Zenovlch & Vu
eovich. $10: M. Phillips & Co.. $10; Christian
Froeilch, $10; John E. Qnlnn. $10; Union Litho
graph Company, $10; Kutner-Ooldstein Com
pany, $10; Georflre P. Ida & Co., $10; L I*
Dorr. $10: Sol Davis. $10: Thdmas & Gerstle.
$10; Chtckerlnsr & Gregory. H0r Dempster ft
Son, $10; Metropolitan Fuse and Match Com
pany. $10; T. F. A. Obarmeyer. $10: T J.
VValsh. $10: Captain A. H. Payaon. $5flO: Mrs.
At.by _M. Parrott, $100; D. N. & E. Walter &
S°* * o0 . : J - Sloane & Co., $30: Neustadter
Brcs., $o0; Cahn, Nlckelsburs & Co.. $50- Her
mann Schussler, $23; South San Francisco
Packlnsr and Provision Company $23- City
Street Improvement Company, $25; Sterling Fur
niture Company. $23: Hulse & Bradford Com
pany. $2j; Indianapolis Furniture Company. $15-
SfT 11 roa - % Co - * 23 = W«son & Bro.. $23:
Black Diamond Coal Company. $23: Geors*
Goodman. $20; John Hoey & Co . $20- CO
Clinch ft Co., $20; Okal ft Co.. $10; A. Aronl
Z??' 8° : * S< ; lll 2! ter * Vo'^err. $10: Bare Broa..
U0; Mandel, Punch & Wiener. $10; Benjamin
Com^anyfm ?ota.' 1 $ 0 f945 JOnaS - Erlanger - DaVl *
Spring
Cleaning
You are made "aware of the neces-
sity for cleansing your: blood in the
spring by humors, eruptions and other
outward signs of impurity.
Or -that dull headache, bilious, nau-
seous, nervous condition and that tired
feeling are due to the same cause-
weak, thin, impure, tired blood.
America's Greatest Sprinsr Medicine
is Hood's Sarsaparilla.
It makes the blood rich and ours,
cures scro/ula and , salt rheum, gives a
clear, healthy complexion;^ eootf appe-
tite', sweet sleep,' sound health.
For cleansing the blood the best medi.
cine money can bay is !' . *
Hood's
It is Peculiar to Itseli U- MISS EDITH TUFTS, SACRA
i MENTO'S MAY QUEEN, IN
; CORONATION ROBES.
No sunnier, balmier day than this ever
dawned in all this radiant valley; no rose3
were ever more exquisite in. form, color
and perfume than those so lavishly used
to transform the equipages of the parade
participants into moving conservatories.
Two hundred thousand v La France rosea
adorned the chariot of California Parlor,
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
Quite as many roses of pink, white and
red varieties were fashioned Into the
shape of Gutter's Fort, to represent Sut
ter Parlor of Native Daughters. La Ban-"
dera Parlor presented , an old-fashioned
/ s^ ACRAMENTO, May 7.— The floral
pageant which marked the second
day of the street fair and .trades
carnival was replete with ' strik
ing features and wascheered'jby
the multitude that "thronged the'gayly
bedecked streets through which it passed.
From Rio Vista came nearly five hundred
excursionists by boat, accompanied by. a
brass band. Stockton sent a special train
load with a juvenile brass band, the mas
cot of which carried in the parade a silken
banner emblazoned with . the words hi
gold, "Stockton Sends Greeting." From
every direction hundreds of visitors
poured into the city, and great as was
the crowd at the opening of the fair last
night It was out-matched by that which
fringed all the thoroughfares this after
noon.
f Social Dispatch to The Call.'
¦ The victoria in which Queen Edith rode,
behind four white horses, was decorated
with a wealth of white carnations. and no
less than 2000 pampas plumes,- deftly set
to produce a fairy-like effect. "The seven
teen maids of honor from' neighboring lo
calities rode In two tally-hos all ablazu
with red carnations, relieved by_ green
grasses, one vehicle drawn by four-be
ribboned blacks, tho other "by four sim
ilarly adorned white horses.
The Elks, mounted, dressed in purple
and .white duck, formed the Queen's es
cort. '¦ .: • ¦ "
The color effects of the long, parade
were superb and elicited exclamations of
admiration. and haniiclapplng all the way.
Four snow-white horses in russet leather
harness drew the white "spider" In which
sat Director. General Clark and wife, amid
an artlstfc profusion of white carnations.
¦The coronation exercises • following the
parade were most impressive." The;illum
inations and scenes at the. street fair were
repeated to-night in the presence of many
thousands. . . ¦ ¦ ¦" ;
Two Petaluma Hearts Made One.
PETALUMA, May 7.— A pretty wedding
took place this afternoon at 4 the home of
Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Boyson, when their
daughter, Miss Flora E. Boyson. was
united In marriage to Hayes C." Wilsey.
Rev." Charles Walton of the" German
Evangelical church officiated. ,
hayrake driven by pretty Miss Florence
Wieger, every inch of which was covered
with rare blossoms.
j Gold i May ' Be , Confiscated.
; SEATTLE, May 7.— Dispatches from
bawson, under- date" of , April ;23, : . state
that -the .royalty.' has ; been - officially .' re
duced i to \ 5 per } cent : and that certificates
must be presented at the boundary^ show
ing payment j of ¦ royalty; or; the mineriwlll
suffers confiscation j of;., dust.';,. A' vigorous
protest is -being made by the miners.
Both Loads of a Shotgun, Accident
ally Discharged, Enter Knight
<j .,-;* H.Whipple's Body.;" ; :
' CLOVERDALE, May 7.— Knight t, H.
Whlpple, one" of the best-known residents
of Cloverdale, met a shocking death. this
afternoon.,' Whipple was hunting In'com
pany with Principal Couch of the Clover
dale public schools...- The;, two men; had
separated and Whlpple ' was ¦ to a
spot agreed upon,, a shotgun restingupon
his' knees. In going across a little gulley,
a -sudden jolt threw • Whipple out." •; In
falling, the > hammers of the ' gun r struck
squarely against the I axle, ¦ exploding both
barrels. The : charges : took • in
Whlpple's abdomen, . causing almost .. in
stant-death." , ' ---. -
CXOVERDAI*E HUNTSMAN
MEETS SHOCKING DEATH
SANTA CRUZ, May 7.— The Santa Clara
District Association'- of ;/'. Congregational
Churches- Is 'holding' Its -annual*-, meeting
In ¦ this city. There is a large r attendance
SAN JOSE, May 7— A novel) banquet
and reunion will ' be held in the parlors
of the First Methodist Church of this city
next Friday. In which . a premium : will \ bo
put upon old-age. The occasion. will be a
meeting of the Sunrise Society, an organ
ization of the church, a qualification "of
membership being that ' all persons '. must
be more than C5 years of age. ; There '• are
now •about ' seventy-five members! in -the
society and others will join at the meet
ing. Rev. Alfred Kummer, the pastor of
the church, organized" the society two
years ago to*interesl .the old , people in
church work and it has . been a success
from its start. - . / .
Congregationalists
Places Premium on Age.
- NEW YORK, May 5th, 1901.— A. Chris
teson, Manager W. F. & Co. Express,
San Francisco: This Company will carry
over its lines free of .charge contribu
tions usually regarded as express matter
Jacksonville, Fla., fire. ...
JNO. J. VALENTINE.
Contributions for Jacksonville
Sufferers.; V-%
Wells, Fargo &.Co. Will Carry Ail
FREE OF CHARGE.
SAN JOSE, May 7.— Mary "Alice Krapp—
or, as she has been lately known, Mary
Alice. Tuck— seems to have jumped out" of
the frying pan into the fire on her second
matrimonial venture and now ' she seeks
a separation under the -law which makes
marriages ¦ performed within one year
after' divorce null- and void. - In a suit
.filed to-day she asks to nave her mar
riage to' Arthur M. Tuck declared void.
: Mrs.;. Tuck states that on April 3, 1894,
she was married toll." W- Krapp and re
mained his wife " according :: to :- law until
September 24, 1897, when she obtained, a
divorce from ; him in this county. Within
one year she married Arthur. M. . Tuck.
They ¦> lived r together until July 19, 1S98.
,when> Tuck abandoned her. Mrs.. Tuck
declares she. 1 was Ignorant -that- her,: mar
riage with Tuck w;i?' illegal, until after
he left her. .Now; she wants the marriage
annulled. .
¦¦•>:*.¦--¦.'.. -/¦'¦',¦ -? '¦ — -.'.
-. Nobleman Visits Yosemite.
YOSEM1TE, ; May J.— Baron Lelmann of
Holland and; party of seven,"; consisting of
Val • do Beck of Denmark, Mrs. A. "S.
Mohler • and daughters Portland,
Ore., a special photographer' from Los
Angeles/" and two valets, arrived at the
Sentinel ;•, Hotel . ¦ yesterday v in a , special
conveyance.* They : left , their private I car
at Raymond on the secondhand remained
over; at V Wawona a", day: to ivisi t : the Mari
posa\ grove of - big • trees ', before entering
the s valley." The ¦* Baron Vis
pleased with his trip to •Yosemite.
Mary A/lice Tuck Utilizes- the Fact
That She Wedded Within a Year
After Being. Divorced. -
WANTS HER SECOND '/¦.':.'¦¦ V^'
7/?^V) •' MARRIAGE NUXIilFIED
BENICIA. May. 7.— Private Joseph Bick
nell of Troop E, Fifteenth Cavalry; com
mitted suicide to-day by shooting; himself
through the head."
Cavalryman Commits Suicide.
Member of Parliament Repeats His
Serious Charges Against an
English Firm. .
LONDON, May 7.— A. B. Markham. ad
dressing his constituents at Mansfield last
night,. boldly fulfilled hil pledge to repeat
to them his recent attack In the House
of Commons on the 1'irm of Wernher, Beit
& Co. He charged Alfred Beit and Eck
stein with being thieves -and swindlers,
and challenged the former to bring -an
action against him for libel. ¦
CALLS THE TWO MEN
THIEVES AND SWINDLERS
ties having seized foreign mail bags the
embassadors of the foreign powers met
yesterday to decide what steps should be
taken in the matter. It is said that the
Russian Embassador. M. Zenievow, is
prepared to take strong measures against
any further attempt at the violation of
Russian mail bag's, i
The Porte has addressed another note
to the embassadors demanding the abo
lition of the foreign postoffices in Con
stantinople. It is believed the sole aim
of the Porte is to gain control of the cor
respondence from abroad on account of
the "Young Turkey',' agitation.
Embassadors Meet " to Discuss the
Seizure of Postal Packages by-
Ottoman Officials.
CONSTANTINOPLE, May 7.-In conse
quence of the Ottoman postal authori-
TURKEY IS WARNED
TO' DISTURB NO MAIL
FB.EE IiIBHABY SUFFERS
SERIOUS LOSS BY FIRE
Starts in Basement and Endangers
City Hall Before It Is
~~ . Extinguished. ,
OAKLAND, May 7.— Shortly &fter the
attaches of the Oakland Free Library on
Fourteenth street opposite Washington
had closed that institution last night, fire
was discovered in the rear of the struc
ture. Immediately in the rear of the
building and fronting on Fifteenth street
an engine house is located. An alarm was
turned In. but as the fire had made con
siderable headway it was difficult to ex
tinguish it.
Considerable consternation was caused
the inmates of the City Prison In the
basement of the City Hall adjoinlns. This
building Is of wood and old, and several
streams were played on It to prevent the
flying sparks from setting it afire.
Evidently the fire In the library build
ing started in the basement from some
unknown cause. Preparations were being
made to remove to the new library build
ing and everything was in confusion. No
estimate of the damage could be made to
night, although it is thought to be consid
erable, as many of the valuable books
were damaged by water.
FRESNO, May 7.— Judge Olln Welborn,
sitting in the northern division of the
United States District Court for Southern'
California, to-day, in overruling a demur-:
rer made by sheep owners to corn,plaints
against them for trespassing on forest
reserves, gave an important opinion re
garding the jurisdiction of tho United
States executive authority over the'for
est reserves. He held first that the State
law would uphold the entire jurisdiction
of the Federal executives over the forest
reserves, just as that of any private
owner; second, that even if this were not
the case, it could not be questioned that
the United States had entire authority
over its public lands; third, that the right
enjoyed by grazers to run their stock on
the public domain is derived from the
sufferance of the national Government
and not from any authorization of Con-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Judge "^elborn Overrules the
Demurrer in Case Against
Sheep Owners.
UNCLE SAM SUPREME
IN FOREST RESERVES
..SAN DIEGO, May 7.— Admiral Bickford
and his officers on board the British flag
ship Warspite were tendered a ball at
Hotel del Coronado to-night. The im
mense ballroom, almost over the surf of
the Pacific, was thronged with people.
Forty officers' of the Warspite and almost
half 'as many from the Ranger were pres
ent. Admiral Bickford's band was in at
tendance and alternated with the orches
tra in supplying. music for the dance.,
Admiral Bickford was the leader of the
grand march; with the queen of la^t
night's carnival; Miss Louise Moreil.
There were more than 150 couples in the
march. - • . .. • ,
? The Warspite will sail to-morrow morn
ing for Esquimau. /
Special Dispatch to The Call. -
Coronado.
British Officer the Guest at
a Ball in Hotel del
ADMIRAL BICKFORD
LEADS GRAND MARCH
Notwithstanding these and other, posi
tive identifications, ; District \ Attorney
Campbell refuses to order Crill's release.
He is now comparing the' handwriting . of
the -suspect .with that . of ¦ Dunham. -A
number of copy books used by; the mur
derer, at Santa Clara College, which he
was attending at the time of the crime,
have been obtained and the writing. has
been submitted to Expert Ames. This is
surely the last te«t that can be applied
unless "Pudd'nhead Wilson's" system of
thumb marks be brought into play.-. Many
of the people declare Crill's thumbs,
which are short, stubby and square, re
' semble Dunham's," but y the Campbell
¦ murderer left none^of his handmarks be
hind that are now obtainable. .The' local
sleuths ' had entirely overlooked' these
matters in gathering the evidence at ; the
scene- of the: crime. m$3B§&£S$£$m^
SAN JOSE, May 7.— Miss Flora Firnian,
who worked for Crill, the Dunham sus
pect, on the Bessemer News in Leadville,
in 1893-94, and who-is'now a resident of
Seabight, Santa Cruz County, called at
the County: Jail to-day' and " positively
identified the Dunham suspect as Crill.
Mrs. A. C. Hewitt; of the 'Willows^ who
knew Dunham intimately, also declared
the man was not Dunham. , V. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Santa Clara's District Attor
ney Calls In Handwrit
ing Expert.
STILL LOTH TO FREE
THE DUNHAM SUSPECT
OF INTEREST TO PACIFIC
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Contract for Oakland's Public Build-
ing 1 Is Awarded to a San
Francisco Man.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 7.— The con
tract for the construction of a public
building at Oakland was awarded to-day
to A. E. Barrett of San Francisco foi
5Jj9,900, the building to be of Utah gray
Fandstone and to be completed in eighteen
months. ,
Patents were issued to-day as follows:
California— George A. Aldrich, San Fran
cisco, coin-calculating device; Henry Ra
cier and H. D. Cartwright, San Francisco,
support for mirrors; Harry R. Bennett,
San Francisco, electrical signaling sys
tem; James P. Erie, assignor to Erie
Pr.eumatic Hub Company, Los Angeles,
wheel for vehicles; Victor A. Hancock,
San Francisco, gripper for printing
presses; Francis T. -Leilich, assignor to
Ciin:ax Manufacturing Company, San
Francisco, safety catch for incandescent
electric lamps; Edward M. Nold, Pasa
dena, certain-rod bracket
Oregon — Henry A. Rauert, Portland, as
rigror one-half to J. W. Flynn, San Fran
cisco, folding decoy duck; William J.
Smith. Detroit, mortising machine.
Washington — Jens Anderson, Walla
Walla, separator: Charles Williams and J.
A. Mitchell, Spokane, ball bearing.
The Postoffice Department issued these
orders: Postmaster commissioned. Ore
gon—Charles P. Smith, Tamarack. Ap
pointed. California— Katherine Sullivan,
Pampa. Kern County, vice M. E. Phillips,
resigned. _-_ .
These pensions were issued to-day:
Califcrnia, original— Martin C. Barrick
man. Veterans' Home, Xapa, $6; Henry K.
Bcehle. Los Angeles. $12. Reissue— Calvin
M. Wood, San Dlero, ?6. Mexican war
survivor. Increase— Juan M. Santa Ana.
£an Jose, ?12. "
Oregon— Original, Adam O. Faulk. Port
land. 5C. Original widow— Deliaette Ken
dig. Crawfordsville. $8. War with Spain,
original— Ralph Henry, Rocca. $17.
Washington— Original— Isaac Dietderich,
Vancouver, $S; Ebenezer Selleck, Seattle,
JC.
Injured in a Tunnel.
SACRAMENTO. May 7.— John F. Farns
worth was caved upon in a tunnel near
Georgetown. Eldorado County, last Satur
day and sustained injuries that may cause
his death. Hi* hips were crushed, several
ribs broken and he sustained internal in
juries. For a long time he was a mem
ber of the produce firm of M. T. Brewer
& Co.. Sacramento, and is well known to
fruit men throughout the State. For sev
eral years past he has engaged in mining
enterprises in Eldorado County.
Father Is Accused of Murder.
PARRY. Sound. Ont., May 7.— On April
SO the house of Joseph Parton, at Hurd
villc, was destroyed by fire and five chil
dren, the eldest aged 18 years, were
burned. To-day Parton was arrested here
on the charge of murder, it being alleged
be deliberately cremated the children.
Parton, who is 70 years of age, had. It is
alleged, been in the habit of cruelly beat
ing the children.
Descend Safely From the Clouds.
COLOGNE, May 7.— The military cap
tive balloon, with two men In the car,
v.-hirh ascended here Sunday afternoon,
"nroke loose in a gale and was lost io
sight in the clouds, has descended safely.
The occupants of the car were not in
jured.
O'Connell's Appointment Confirmed.
ROME. May 7.— The Pope to-day con
firmed the appointment of Father O'Con
m-11. rector of the American College here,
a? Bishop of Portland. Me.
The steamer City of Seattle, arriving to
day, brought the news, • and Dr. M. H.
Foster. United States quarantine officer
here, was officially notified, and as Dia
mond Point station is not prepared to take
care of such «. large number he has pro
cured tents in which to quarter the pas
sengers upon their arrival. The Senator
was to have started south a few hours
cfter the Seattle sailed and should arrive
early to-morrow. \
passengers, who will be detained there
for fourteen days. The Senator sailed
from Seattle for Skaguay on Tuesday.
April 20. with 163 pasengers. most of
v.hom were bound for Dawson. Upon ar
rival at Juneau the vessel was boarded
by an assistant United States quarantine
officer, and two passengers were found
stricken with smallpox. The quarantine
officer refused to allow any of the pas
sengers to land and oMered the vessel
to return to Puget Sound and go into
o.uarantine at Diamond Point station, as
there were no facilities in Alaska for fu
migating or caring for passengers.
The unfortunate passengers boarded the
Senator at Seattle.
PORT TOWNSEND, May 7. — The
Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
steamer Senator is due at Diamond Point
quarantine station at this place with 165
The Steamer Senator
Has Smallpox
Aboard.
Passengers Start for Dawson
and Land at Deten
tion Station.
Special Dispatch to The Call
TO QUARANTINE
GOLD SEEKERS
To-night the visitors were tendered a
ball, there being more than ninety couples
in the grand march.
The candidates for sub chief ranger are
George B. Goldman of San Diego and Sen
ator E. I. Wolfe of San Francisco. Wolfe
is the choice >f the Heenan faction and
the Heenanites are willing to make any
kind of a compromise to win for him.
Goldman's friends are in to stay, and ex
press confidence In his ability to carry off
the prize. Upon this fight appears to
hinge the subsequent contests, and. the
side which wins' the sub chief rangership
will have a fair chance of sweeping the
boards, including grand representatives.
. O'Brien and Foppman are running
about even for grand recording secretary,
while Grim of Stockton appears to be
leading Henry A. Gabriel of Santa Clara
for grand senior woodward. For grand
junior woodward E. B. Collins is decidedly
a favorite over Foley of Los Angeles.
Grand Secretary Cordy and Grand Treas
urer Conklin have no opposition.
Goldman vs. Wolfe.
The parade of Foresters took place this
afternoon, there being about 500 In line.
Immediately after the parade exercises
were held in the City Park. Judge E. B.
Collins delivered the address of welcome
and was followed by Mayor Clark. The
Mayor presented the key of the city to
Grand Chief Ranger Hugo K. Asher, who
replied in an eloquent speech. This con
cluded the literary exercises and the
delegates immediately congregated in
small groups to talk over to-morrow's
fight for grand officers.
The contest which 'will 'open to-morrow
afternoon promises to be one of the. most
stubborn in the history of the order.
There are in the fielo two tickets, which
are designated as those of the Heenan
and the anti-Heenan factions. While John
Heenan is certain to be the next grand
chief ranger, the fight for sub chief
ranger is a warm one. and politics is be
ing done in earnest.
Resolutions of respect to the memory
of the late Past Supreme Chief Ranger
Lewis Thorne were read and adopted and
the Grand Court adjourned at 12 o'clock
out of respect to his memory.
The report of Grand Secretary Cordy
gives the statistics of the order for the
year. His figures as to membership are
the same as those of the grand chief
ranger. The receipts for the year were
$222,205. The expenditures were: For med
ical attendance and medicine, $43,783; for
sick benefits, 561,075; general benefits,
$9682; donations, $2965; management ex
penses, $71,890; for social purposes, $3397;
sick benefits advanced to other courts,
52S39; total. $200,832. That leaves a bal
ance of $21,273, which, added to the
amount on hand January 1, 1900, makes a
total of $191,413. Since the organization
of the Grand Court in 1SS9 there has been
paid for relief to members in various
ways, $9S9,353. The grand secretary re
commends a change in the law regulating
the junior courts of the order and a bet
ter fraternal relationship - between the
membership of the courts and of the cir
cles of the Companions of the Forest of
America-
Receipts and Expenditures,
CHICO, May 7.— The thirteenth annual
session of the Grand Court, Foresters of
America, convened in Armory Hall at 10
o'clock this morning. Grand Chief Ranger
Hugo K. Asher presiding. By invitation
Supreme Chief Sub-Ranger C. R. Rendon
and Past Chiefs S. C. Hensley and Jacob
Samuels occupied seats on the' platform.
The reports presented by the grand of
ficers show that the past year has been
one of "consequence, moment and pro
gress"; that the executive council in
creased the compensation to organizers to
stimulate them to their best efforts and
that a reasonable sum will have to bo al
lowed to continue the Work of organiza
tion, on the ground that* money expended
for that purpose is not wasted. During
the year ten courts were organized, with
an aggregate membership of 402.
The report of Grand Chief Ranger Hugo
K. Asher shows that the net gain for the
year was 1767 and since then there has
been an^ncreaae of 500 members. No court
surrendered its charter. During the for
estic year the number of initiations was
3750 and during the same period the loss
was 19&3, of which 174s) were suspended for
non-payment of dues. He favor6 organi
zation, the placing of the courts of Ari
zona under the jurisdiction of the Su
preme Court of the order; the establish
ment of a benevolent fund to assist mem
bers who may become financially embar
rassed; a revision of the judicial system
of the order and the continuance of the
official organ for the good that it has done
and will do. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Chicoans Provide Entertain
ment for the Visiting
Lodgemen.
Contests for Office In
terest the Foresters'
Grand Court.
COMBINING FUN
WITH POLITICS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESlXA:Yil MA^ 8, 1901.
LIQUOR AND DEATH
CONSPIRE TOGETHER
Eternity.
Land One Man in Jail While
Hi's Brother Enters
Special IMspatch to Th« Call.
* VANCOUVER, B. C., May 7.— M. A.
"Whittaker came here from England to
find a brother whom he had not seen in
many years. The newcomer was arrested
last night for. Intoxication, being released
to-day. About the hour of his discharge
from the police station. Arthur "Whittaker
was found- dead in the lavatory of a
downtown hotel, having suddenly expired
from heart disease. The dead man Is be
lieved to be the brother of whom tha
other 'Whittaker came. in search.
San Josean. Disappears.
i SAN JOSE, May 7.— Silas Grable. a
hardworking and industrious resident of
this city, has mysteriously disappeared
and his wife and family have- asked the
police to find him. There is a mystery
surrounding. the affair, as hi3 home rela
tions were of the pleasantest. Grable i*
38 years old 5 feet.G inches in height and
weighs 140 pounds. -
Six New Steel Bridges.
REDDING, May 7.— The Southern Pa
cific Company has six new isteel bridgs3
on the way from the East to be put up
in place of the . iron bridges that now
span the river.
Myriads of Buds and Blossoms Arranged in Fantastic Designs Give
Expressive Coloring to a Street "'Fair Pageant.
SACRAMENTO MAKES A LAVISH
DISPLAY OF FLORAL WEALTH
| . BALTIMORE, May 7.— The municipal
election in this city to-day, the first one
of 4mportance held under the new ballot
law, resulted in a sweeping victory, for
the Republicans. They carried eighteen
out" of the twenty-four wards, electing
eighteen members to the first branch City
Council and all three candidates for the
second branch. Only about 65 per cent of
the entire registered vote was polled, and
the colored vote was very light.* Demo
crats attribute their defeat to factional
differences, the friends of Mayor Hayes,
who met with ~ defeat in the primaries,
being arrayed against the followers of
Freeman Rasin. The majorities werr>
greatly reduced in the six wards carried
by the Democrats. .„• *
• VANCOUVER, B.'C, May 7.— The quar
antine has been raised against ships ar
riving from 'Alaskan ports.
tered Vote Polled and Few Ne
groes Cast Ballots.
Only Sixty-Five Per Cent of Regis-
REPUBLICANS CARRY
• BALTIMORE ELECTION
; 'irnyii>iMWiiyni^t 1 '« i "'' w ' 1
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, May l.-t 'I am
not a candidate for the Presidency," said
Senator Hanna laughingly, after he had
read the interview with the secretary of
the National Committee, Perry S; Heath,
printed lira special cablegram from Lon
don.
-Mr. Heath's interview did not seem to
displease the Senator from Ohio, - but he
declined to discuss it in any way, and
when pressed for a statement said:
> "If you want an interview you will
have to interview yourself. I won't talk
about it." - « • .
Among Republican politicians. in "Wash
ington .. the Interview with Heath at
tracted much attention, especially when
it' is. recalled that a few weeks ago Sen
ator Scott, a member of the Republican
executive committee, suggested the nom
ination of Senator . Hanna 1^1904. \ The
two interviews taken together form the
basis of a belief that the National Com
mittee may enter upon a - campaign to
bring about' the nomination of Hanna.
There are many men in the Republican
party who believe that no better nomi
nation than that of the Ohio Senator
could be made, and it would not be sur
prising if he is put forward by the next
convention if the rheumatism from which'
he suffers at times does not • interfere
with his ¦ acceptance.
Advocates of his candidacy say that a
great change has taken place in the popu
lar estimation of Senator Hanna since
he entered the Senate. His straightfor
ward | methods of ¦ advocating legislative
measures and his courage in defending
hi3 opinions - have made friends for him
and have won him the respect even of
those who differ with him. It is recalled
that when' during the last campaign Sen
ator Hanna proposed to take ¦ the
stump in person many Republican politi
cians feared that ' it would be a serious
mistake, but he proved to be one of the
best speakers the party had and his pop
ularity was much increased in every com
munity in which he spoke. The fact that
he- is now being put> forward for nomi
nation by the leaders in the Republican
organization makes it apparent that he
must bg^ considered in any forcasts of
probabw action of the Republican • Na
! tional Convention in 1904. i
Politicians Find Something
Si gnificant in the
Report.
¦ Air- . . - r ¦ ¦
sibility.
Senator Says He Is Not
a Presidential Pos-
HANNA LAUGHS
AT THE STORY
3
DR. KILMEB'S SWAMP-ROOT.
IS IT AW EPIDEMIC?
Vital Statistics Shovr an Alanninj
Increase in an Already Prevail-
ing 1 IMsease— Ara Any Exempt?
At no time In the history of disease has
there been such an alarming increase, in
the number of cases of any particular
malady as In that of kidney and bladder
troubles now preying upon the people of
this country.
: To-day we see a relative, a friend or an
acquaintance apparently well, and in a
few days we may be grieved to learn ot
their serloua Illness or sudden death,
caused by that fatal type of kidney trou-
ble— Bright's disease.
Kidney trouble often becomes advanced
Into acute stages before the afflicted Is
aware of its presence; that is why we
read of so many sudden deaths of prom-
inent business and professional. men, phy-
sicians and others. They have neglected
to stop the leak in time.
"While scientists " are puzzling .their
brains to find out the cause, .each indi-
vidual can by a little precaution avoid tha
chances of contracting dreaded and dan-
gerous kidney trouble, or eradicate It com-
pletely from their system if already af-
flicted. Many precious lives might have
been and many more can yet be eaved by
paying attention to the kidneys.
It is the mission of The Call to benefit
Its readers at every opportunity, and
therefore we advise all who have any
symptoms of kidney or bladder trouble tc
write to-day to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Blng-
hamton, N. Y., for a free sample bottle ol
Swamp-Root, the celebrated specific
which is having such a great demand and
remarkable success in the cure of th€
most distressing kidney and bladder trou-
bles. With the sample bottle of Swamp-
Root will also te sent free a pamphlet and
treatise of valuable information.
Made=to=Measure Suits
Let us measure you for a suit. -.We will take I
your measurements carefully, thoroughly shrink the |
cloth/ then cut it carefully, sew the garments | i
throughout with stout silk twist, use good linings, I
r stay with good canvas every vulnerable point such |
as pockets/buttonholes," armseyes, etc.; the whole* g
suit, inside and out, will be made in a first-class man- g
; ner. by skillful tailors. " |
If you are not satisfied with the suit after it is |
made we will return your money, and do it willingly. | I
If you keep the suit we will keep it in good re- |
pair free for a year. It goes without saying that we I
are confident you will be pleased, or we could not |
give such a liberal guarantee. |
Samples are free for the asking— -come in, look
them over, take some with you a^d compare them.
Our prices range from $ioio $30, and every price
. " I is lower — yes, much lower— than the usual : prices
for madc-to-order suits.
¦-'••*. - ' - j j
Suits satisfactorily made for oui-of-town customers
through our self-measuring system. X j
• : 718 Market Street and j ]
Cor. Powell and Eddy.', V
df* ™ "" '""¦"¦¦* "' r ' "~ ¦ 1> "™^
Dependable Drugs H
' Save §
before
Saturday
\ This week's sale closes
Saturday night at 12 |
o'clock, May nth. - Don't |
delay, for buying now means |
a saving on every article. |
f. A 25c tooth brush and a P
I tube of Lesley's Dental |
j Cream, together 25c . |
Yvcttc Face Powder 25c ' |
i Epsom Salts I -lb package 5c |
' - . Williams' Shaving Sticks 1 5c |5
? Red Cross Absorbent |
Cotton 35c 1
: Belladonna Plasters 4 for 25c |
i Cuticura and Pears Soap — |
; one cake of each for 25c I
5 Ladies' Bulb Syringe 25c |
! Hermitage Whiskey 65c |
i Lennox Hair Tonic '50c g
/ 1128 Market Street I
* San Francisco E
~lOtH and Broadway Oakland BO AKHflJND RACETRACK— Tuesday,
May 7, 1901.— Weather fine. Track fast.
241O. FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; three
; year-olds; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2305 Master Cal, 110.. Sullivan 1 8 n 2 % 1 2
£3S» Carlovignian, 107.Alxndr 4 3h 4 1 2 1
1924 Whangdoodle, 107.Coniey 2 1 % 1 h 3 2
2368 Cambaceres, 107.Materne 3 4 h . 3 1 4 5
(23S0)The Gafflr. 107.Basslnger S 6 % 5 h 6 5
23S6 Cath. Bravo, 107.Fntlroy 5 2 n 6 % 6 4
2109 Follow Me. 107.... Stuart 7 7 2 71 7 1
23S6 Florlsta, 107 Bergen 6 5 1 8 % 8 %
851 Count Hubert, 107.Rnsch 9 9 9 9
Time— H. :25; %, :50; «. 1:16%: mile, 1:43%.
Good start. Won handily. Second and third
driving. Winner, George Panson's b. gr. by
Bersan-Flora. Master Cal won at leisure. Car
lovignian was bet on and did better with a
strong rider up. Whangdoodle quit. The Gaf
flr badly ridden. Florlsta out o£ it from the
start. Count Hubert a rare good Joke.
Scratched— Slssenvine 107, Lucera 107.
Betting— Master Cal, 8; Carlovlgnian, 10;
Whangdoodle, 12; Cambaceres, 6; The • Gaf fir,
3; Catherine Bravo, 15; Follow Me, 50; Florists,
8; Count Hubert, 7-2.
2411. SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; Bell
ing; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. %. Fin.
2399 Formatus, 4, 112..Conley 2 4 1 3 1 In
(2356)B. Taylor, 6, lH.Bassngr 111 12 2 %
23S8 Parader, 6, 116 Ruiz 6 7 1 72 3 1
2250 Uzzella, a, 112. Bozeman 5 3 % 4 % 4 h
2358 S. of Tarsus. 4, 112.Alxdr 3 2 n 2 1 6 %
2S9S F. Duffy, 4, 107.. Ransch 7 5 h 5 % 6 3
Canejo 4, 110...SulllvanlO 8 3 6 1 7 1
2356 Y. Morello, 4. 115. Bergen 4 6 h 8 1 8 1
2320 J Welch, 4. 107..Wtrbury 8 10 5 9 9 4
Begonia V, a, 107. .Stuart 9 9 % 10 10 5
.... Rose Ban, 4, 110..Gaffnyl3 12 11 11
2132 Fairfax. 4, 115. H. Brownll 11 4 12
Time— %. :23%; %. :4S%; %, 1:28%. Good start.
Won first three driving:. Winner. C. T. Boots'
b. g., by imp. Brutus-Forma. Formatus^ better
ridden this trip. Buck Taylor pulled up lame.
Lizzella weakly ridden. Too much use made of
Saul of Tarsus. Canejo can do much better
under proper handling:.
Betting— Formatus, 8; Buck Taylor, 7-2: Pa
rader, 8: Lizzella, 9-2; Saul of Tarsus, 7; Frank
Duffy, 5: Canejo, 7: Young Morello, 25; John
Welch. 50; Begonia V. 60; Rosa Ban, 60; Fair
fax. ICO.
2412. THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; selling;
two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. SL Vt. Str. Fin.
KS9 Escalante, 118. Alexander 6 ... 2 1-11
2333 Monastic. 116 Ruiz 3 ... 3 n 2 n
2369 Snowberry. H6....Conley 7 ... 6% 3h
23S9 Armado, 115 Ransch 4 ... 1*1 4%
2357 Quiet 118 BassingerlO ... 7^4 51.
22S3 Flattered. 115 Hoar 2 ... 6 1 6h
2393 Botany, 115. E. Matthews 5 ... 8 1 7.1
23S2 Waterscratch, 115...Enos9 ... 10 10 8h
2393 Lento, 118 Bozeman 8 ... 4 19 3
2SS9 Knocklngs, 115 Power 1 ... 9 1.10 15
£339 Gerardo, 118 Sullivanll ... 11 11
Time— hi. :24; %, :49U- Good start. Won han
dily. Second and third driving-. ' Winner. E. J.
Baldwin's ch. c, by Amigo-Colontas. WIniler
probably best. Monastic ran his race. Snow
berry showed improvement. So did Armado.
Waterscratch tried to run out.
Betting— Escalante, 5-2; Monastic, 8; Snow
berry, 15; Armado, 10: Quiet, 15; Flattered, 50;
Botany, 10; Waterscratch, 9; Lento, 10; Knock
ings, 60; Gerardo, 20.
2413. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; Belling;
mares; -four-year-olds and upward ; -purse; $350.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2396 Valencienne, 6, lOo.Ftlry 3 12 11 In
(2?96)G. Hope, 6. 105..Alexndr 7 7 3 5 % 2 n
2396 F.Play, 4, lC5.E.Matthws 6 5 % 4 % »3 2
2366 Dan. Maid. 4, 105. Ransch 2 3 % 3%: 42
2396 Mocorito, 6, 103 Enos 4 '4 2 G 1 5 2J;
2336 Midlove. 5. 105 Stuart 1 2 1 2h 6%
2396 High Hoe, 6. lOo.Bassngr 5 '6 % 7 1 7 1
2314 Kovia, 6, 107.... Bozeman 8 8 8 8
- Time— Vi, :2<; %, :«%; %. 1:14%. Good start.
Won first three driving. ¦ Winner, W. L. Stan
field's ch. m., bv St. Carlo-Libbertiaibbet.- *Dls
qualified for fouling: and placed last. Valen
cienne showed marked' improvement. Good
Hope was best and should have won. Foul
Play likewise ran in better form. Dangerous
Maid cut oft on back stretch. Mocorito stale.
High Hoe ran badly. Scratched — Nullah 105,
Clarando 105. Jingle Jinple 105. Abbyleix L 105.
Betting— Valencienne, 30: Good Hope, 3; Foul
Play, 20; Dangerous Maid. 6-5; Mocorito, 15;
Midlove, 10; High Hoe, 6; Novia, 15. . -. ,
2414. FIFTH RACE— Futurity course; three
year-olds and upward; purse, $400. . .,
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str; ! Fin.
(2401)Headwater, 5, 115... Ruiz 3 3h In 11%
2401 Sly, a, 112 Bassinger 1 2 1 2h 2iu
2390 Frank Bell, 5, 114. Shields 2 1 n 4 4 8 V!
<2390)Hai?erdon. 4, 114.. Ransch 4 4 2 3% 4 8
23C6 B. Ormonde, 3, HO.Sullvn 5 5 5 5
Time-To %, :20%: to %, :44%; laft 94, 1:00%;
short %. 1:10. Good start. Won all out. Sec
ond and third driving. H. L. Jones &
Co.'s br. g., by Imp. Watercress-Headflower.
Headwater acted well at post and hod a world
of speed. Bell stopped last sixteenth. Hager
don outfooted. Sullivan on Beau Ormonde
asleep at start. Scratched— Yellowtail 112.
Betting— Headwater, 6-2; Sly, 5; Frank Bell,
7; Hagerdon, 5-2; Beau Ormonde, 3.
2415. SIXTH RACE— One mile . and a six
teenth; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
purse, ?400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St %. Str. Fin.
2403 Merops. 5, 108.. Alexander 4 7 5 2 n 1 h
<2399)J. McCleevy, 5, lll.Ftlry 2 1 V, 1 n 2 2
2383 Ostler Joe, a, HL.Conley 3 4 h 3 h 3 h
2403 Dr. Bern'ys, 6, 108.Rnsch 7 2 2 4 1 4 %
2405 Formero, 6, lll.E.Mthwg 6 3 % 6 2 5 1
2376 Alaska, 6, 110. ...Sullivan 18 6 2 6 3
2340 Homestake, a, 99... Hoar 8 5h v 72 73
2367 Einstein, 6. 108-Bassinger 5 6 18 8
Time— 1-16. :07; %, :25; M, :49; %, 1:15%; m.,
1:42%; 1 l-16m., 1:48%. Good start. Won first
three driving:. Winner, George Miller" b ch. g.,
by imp. Brutus-Mlrope. Merops played In bet
ter luck this trip. Had Fauntleroy drawn his
whip McCleevy might have won. Ostler Joe
closed strong. Dr. Bernays lame and unfit.
Alaska badly ridden. So • was Formero.
Scratched— Mont Eagle 104, Bunello 104, Kick
umbob 104.
Betting— Merops, 9-2: Jim McCleevy, 80; Ost
ler Joe. 8; Dr. Bernays. 5-2; Formero, 11-5;
Alaska. 10; Homestake, 100; Einstein. 9.
Laducier, the committee of ¦ arrange
ments, offered a programme that had for
features songs, instrumental numbers,
recitations and an exhibition of boxing
by Cris J. Lutz and H. Fink. The others
who appeared were Nell Lindsey, S.
Jacobs," Burroughs and Malloy, "William
Smith, H. Glick and Frank Scully. There
were addresses by George "W. Lunt, high
court treasurer, . and F. Carpenter of
Court Twin Peak3.
BASEBALL AVERAGES FOR
BATTING AND FIELDING
Krug Takes^ the Lead Among the Batsmen-How
the Players of the Different Clubs Rank.
«Hk . •: ¦ • — ¦ ¦
, There ' Is : only one man whose" hunting
stories ; a woman should believe— those of
her husband.' r . J
Ancient Foresters Smoke.
¦ Court; Lincoln "of the Ancient Order of
Foresters celebrated the fifth anniversary
of its -institution byV giving an old-time
smoker to Its members ana friends in the
Foresters'; building last night. There was
an; audience ; that- crowded the 4 hall," and
for its entertainment S. Jaeobs.^J A Cos
tello, ,W. A: . Dalzell, F." Ferrlcks and' F.
Trotting Association Meet.
NEW/ YORK, .May 7.— The adjourned
meeting of the board of review of the Na
tional --Trotting ; Association was • begun
hereto-day. Among, the members present
were President P. P. Johnston, Lexington
Ky.; Joseph C.Sibley, Franklin. Pa.; w
G. -PoHock, • Cleveland; Charles Dana
Palmer, Lowell; Mass. : F.- S. Gorton, Chi
cago, • and Secretary -,H. H. Gocher, Hart
ford. . Conn. .The principal matter to be
brought up v at ' this , session * will : be the
question of amateur • records. ; . In '• addi
tion' there will be ; the .usual investigation
of charges preferred. during the past year
as well as laid over cases and the review
ing; of former complaints. The session
will probably last three days. • ,*"¦••
PATBOLlEEN' AEE FINED BY
POLICE- COMMISSIONERS
The chief interest in the proceedings of
the Police Commission last night centered
in the trials of three officers for infringe
ments of the regulations.
Patrolman Hiram G. Smith was charged
by Sergeant Shaw with having neglected
his duty for a visit to friends in the
"Wharfinger's office, where he smoked a
pipe, contrary to police rules. The ac
cused pleaded "not guilty" and produced
witnesses who were present at the time
in question, who testified that they did
not see Smith smoking. Sergeant Shaw
swore that he personally saw Smith
smoking, and as his evidence was positive
the Commissioners rendered a verdict of
"guilty." In view of Smith's long and
efficient service, however, the penalty im
posed way only $10. t
Patrolman Patrick Foley was charged
with neglect of duty in being absent from
his beat. Sergeant Wolf testified that he
had spent an hour on the night of April
28 in a vain search for the accused officer
and finally found him coming from a
building. Foley was fined 520 and repri
manded.
Patrolman Patrick Butler was repri
manded for reporting for duty twenty
minutes late. *•_ »
A number of Chinese liquor dealers ap
peared before the commission in answer
to charges of selling intoxicants to China
town vagrants. They were all placed on
probation.
Several Presidio saloon-keepers applied
for renewals of licenses, but owing to a
flaw In the method of summoning them,
their cases were generally continued. The
Commissioners expressed their dissatis
faction at the closing of army canteens.
They decided to refuse applications for
renewals in the Presidio district as soon
as the old licenses expired.
¦ ? ¦
LONDON, May 7.— C- A. Sands, an
American player, defeated J. W. Marshall
In the semi-final round for all comers in
the amateur tennis championship games
to-day by a score of 3 to 1 sets
Shamrock U. Overhauled.
SOUTHAMPTON, May 7.— The Sham
rock II lay at her moorings to-day to al
low 1 her crew to overhaul the rigging,
stretched by the trial spins, and to alter
her running gear. The mainsail is not
considered, quite satisfactory and Ratsey
has been ordered to supply another, which
will probably be used the next time the
yacht goes out. .It is' not likely therefore
that the two Shamrocks -will race to-mor
row" Mr. Fife Is . expected to assume
charge of - the Shamrock I Wednesday.
Captains - Sycamore and, Wrlnge , speak
highly of. the new beat, but Sycamore is
still > cautious.' ...He; says- it would-- be "a
mistake -to make too much of a day's sail
ing like 'yesterday*- when nothing was in
tended buf an informal trial on different
points, and it Is: probable that neither of
the'boats- was.sentalong.at'full stretch.
From Captain Sycamore's remarks it Is
gathered that he considered the cup chal
lenger had a good -deal in hand most of
the day.
els, will be campaigned by Saunders, aa
will also Dollie Dillon and Janice. James
Thompson will cross the mountains -with
Goshen Jim, Rajah. Thornway, ¦ Algt>nlta
and Little Thorn. John- Blue will take a
hand with a .three-year-old Diablo colt
and another by Charles Derby, Bud Doble
takes along The Roman and Phoebe Chil
ders. "William -Cecil will - campaign Bob
Ingersoll and Key Direct "down the line."
BLUE AND GOLD TRACK
TEAM IS VICTORIOUS
-.EUGENE, Or., .May 7.— Before the
largest crowd that ever witnessed an ath
letic event in this city the University of
California track team yesterday defeated
the University of Oregxm by a score of 75
to 42. The day was an ideal one, the track
was. fast and a number of records were
'broken. Following i is the Summary of
events:
100-yard dash— Won by Cadogan (California),
second Heater (Oregon), third Hussey (Cali
fornia). Time, :10 flat, . equaling tho coast
record.
880-yard run— Won by Service (California),
Becond Clifford (California), third Payne (Ore
gon). Time. 2:06 3-5.
120-yard hurdle— Won by Heater (Oregon),
second Powell (California), third Cheek (Cal
ifornia). Time, 16 seconds, equaling the coast
intercollegiate record.
High Jump— Won by Cooley (California),
second Hoffman (California), third Powell
(California). Best Jump, 6 feet % Inches.
440-yard run— Won by 'Squires (California)^
second Payne (Oregon), third Russell (Ore
gon). Time, 52 2-5 seconds. ¦
Disk throw— Won by Wagner, second Tout
third Smith (all of Oregon). Best throw 93
feet S inches.
Broad jump— Won by Hussey (California) 22
feet X>Vx inches; second . Heater (Oregon)' 21
feet 11 Inches; third Cheek (California) ' 21
feet 5*4 inches. All three Jumps break ' the
I*. N. A. record.
Shot put— Won by Plaw (California), second
Smith (Oregon), third Wagner (Oregon). Best
put. 38 feet 11 inches. ¦
Mile run— A tie between Service (Califor
nia) and Redewill (California), "Poley (Oregon)
won third. Time, 4 minutes 54 seconds .
Pole vault-Tie between Heater (Oregon) and
Hoffman (California). Height, 11 feet. Tout
(Oregon) won third place.
Hammer throw— Won by Plaw (California)
with a throw of 163. feet 5 Inches. Smith fOre
jrpn) second. 119 feet; Wagner (Oregon), third
88 feet. ¦ - '
220-yard hurdle- Won by Powell (California)
second Heater (Oregon), third Cheek (Calll
fornia). Time. 25 2-5 seconds, breaking . the
220-yard dash— "Won by CaVlogan (California)
second Brown (California), third Squires (Call
ifornla). Time. 22 seconds flat, breaking the
coast record.
EASTERN BASEBALL.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, May 7.— Timely batting: and
errors by Conn and Cross aided the New
Torks ' in again defeating the Phlladelphlana
to-day. Attendance, 4200. Score:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
New York .5 10 3
Philadelphia ..... 4 10 * 3
Batteries— Taylor and Bowerman; Duggleby
and MacFarland. Umpire— Nash. ¦ j
BOSTON, May 7.— Poor wcrk by the Boston
Infield enabled Brooklyn to win in the first
inning to-day. Willis, who was wild and in
effective, retired in -favor of Lawson- in the
fourth. Two hits only were made off the lat
ter in six innings. Attendance, 2000. Score:.
Clubs— . K. H. E.
Boston 2 7 , 4
Brooklyn h 4 ,7. 4
Batteries— Willis, ' Lawson and" Kittredge;
Donovan and McGuire. Umpire— O'Day. ¦ ,.;•¦;».
¦ CHICAGO, I May 7.— Taylor was very easy
for Pittsburg: to-day and was batted all over
the lot. while Chesbro .was at his best, allow
ing but three singles, only two of the Chl
cagoans reaching second base. • Attendance,
600. Score:
Clubs— R. H. B.
Chicago ....0 3 2
Pittsburg .......8 16 2
Batteries— Taylor and sKling; Chesbro and
O'Connor. Umpire— Dwyer. - - ¦. ' .
' CINCINNATI. May 7.— With the bases full
in the eleventh inning and one man out. Irwin
hit a little fly to short left, which Wallace
muffed.- Quick as a flash he .threw to the
plate, i Ryan caught the ball and threw to third
and a double. play apparently had been. made,"
but Ryan was standing fully three feet from
the home plate when he caught the ball and
Umpire Emslie allowed the run to score, giv
ing Cincinnati the game. Attendance, .1800.
Score: ' . ;/ r. h. E.
Cincinnati 4 . 9 2
St.. Louis 3 .! 10 3
Batteries— McFadden and Kahoe; Powell and
Ryan. Umpire— Emslie. ¦, : - - < ¦
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. May, 7.— To-day's - game
was characterized • by heavy hitting and con
tinued objections to Umpire ¦ Haskell's de
cisions. Attendance, 3,836. Score: . -
. , R. H. E.
Baltimore ...................:.. 14 I 3 3
Philadelphia..........:.... •••••J° 11 3
Batteries— Schmidt, Howell ana Robinson;
Mllllgan. Platt and Powers.-
MILWAUKED, "May 7.— A. heavy, downpour,
of rain ' stopped . the game in ' the ¦ second '¦¦ part
of the seventh, inning this afternoon, but the
game was resumed after twenty minutes. . Mil
waukee was simply , outclassed. Attendance,
1S0O.- Score: • • : - -
Clubs— R. H. ' E.
Milwaukee ..:... ...-2 6 C
Detroit ........•..•.....:... ..9 10 .3
Batteries— Sparks and' Leahy; .Frisk and
McAllister." .... . . . ¦¦ -'
¦ WASHINGTON, May 7.— Kellum, •¦ with . fault
less support,- to-day pitched Boston to victory.
He permitted only five men to reach first. At
tendance,- 1545. '• Score: ' ...:.¦'; :
Clubs—. : . R. ' : H. .^E.-
Washington .......... -........:..... 3 •/; * ¦¦ - 2
Boston .......".'-..........;...~.^:....7 / .11 . .0
" Batteries-^Carrick • and Clark; ; Kellum '" and
Crtger. : ¦ •' .
INTERCOLLEGIATE GOLF.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J... May 7.— The
Intercollegiate . golf championship tour
nament was begun to-day over the At
lantic City Country Club's links at North
field. Five teams have entered for the
championship, representing Yale, Har
vard, Princeton, Pennsylvania and Co
lumbia universities. - , . ¦;
: The drawings for to-day were: Prince
ton vs. Harvard and Yale vs. Pennsyl
vania. The winner : of the : match be
tween Harvard and. Princeton will meet
Columbia this afternoon and the winner
of this match will meet the victors ' in
the Yale-Pennsylvania match at thirty
six holes to-morrow. The Individual
championship matches will not start un
til Thursday morning. The first pair
teed off a few minutes after 9 o'clock.
Hollins, Harvard, defeated .;, Griswold,
Princeton, 5 up four to play; Brown, Har
vard, : defeated Pyne, ; Princeton, 5 up;
Curtis, | Harvard, defeated Cook, I Prince
ton, 7. up; Richardson, Harvard, defeated
Bonnes, ¦¦; Princeton, 3 up; Lindsley, Har
vard, defeated Poole, Princeton, 4 up;
Averill,- Harvard," was beaten by Wilson,
Princeton, 1. up.
ATLANTIC CITY. N. J., May 7.-In the
intercollegiate golf tournament -which
opened to-day on the Northfieldgolf links
and -which -will until Saturday,
when the' final will be played. Harvard
won an easy victory over Princeton by
the score of 24 to 1. In the match between
Yale and the \Universlty of Pennsylvania
the Quakers really were never in It. Yale
ran ud the total of 46 up. Harvard and
Columbia met in the afternoon and Har
vard. carried off the honors with 13 up.
Columbia's team. won two match plays.
English Golf Championship.
LONDON, May 7.— The 'amateur golf
championship tournament --. opened ' to-day
at Andrews c in dull,; threatening
weather 'and "with a cold wind blowing.
The entries, -numbering. 116," are the larg
est in the history of the competition.' It
took three and a- half ,- hours . to get -the
players away, from the .tee. '• All the best
known amateurs are competing.
;¦,*?;,£• Hilton "of the Royal 'Liverpool
Golf Club, the present champion, and who
is >. expected ., to retain -the title, won his
first match easily against G. F. " Smith I by
6 up and three to play. : Th* precision of
Mr., Hilton's play was remarkable.
,- J. E. ' Laldley, Scotland's *. most hopeful
player, won against P. Balfour.' The only
surprise was the defeat of C. F.. "Whig
ham by James Robb by 6 up arid three to
play.' A' /•-.. •;.•.-: ¦'- t::\ . ¦_-.' . -. »-¦¦¦;
Another for Lester.
• LONDON, May, .7.— At the first day's
racing/ at Chester to-day," the .' Stamford
two-year-old ; plate", given by the Chester
Race Company,; Limited; was - "won by
Noel m \ Fen wick's Speculator/ridden 'by
Lester ; Reiff. :
they will be under the charse of the
club's huntsmen in full uniform.
oil the ground and will begin awarding
the ribbons to-morrow afternoon. Mr.
RIBBON AND PRIZE WINNERS IN. FORMER BENCH SHOWS READY
TO COMPETE FOR FIRST HONORS AT THE OPENING OF THE SAN
FRANCISCO. KENNEL EXHIBITION AT MECHANICS' PAVILION.
CAKTiraBY DEAL , IS
NEAKING COMPLETION
Syndicate Has Not Yet Accepted Price
Asked by Alaska Packers'
Association.
The syndicate involving the principal
salmon canneries on the Pacific Coast is
liearing completion. All of the salmon
packing houses on the coast have named
their prices and these prices have met
with the approval of the syndicate, with
the exception of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation. It is said that the latter's cap
ital stock represents $4,500,000 and that the
shareholders will not sell under $9,000,000.
President Henry F. Fortmann of the Al
aska Packers' Association is at present
in the north inspecting the canneries, but
a prominent officer of the company said
yesterday that the .association had not
yet sold to the syndicate. He admitted
however that he had given R. Onffroy, the
organizer of the syndicate, an option on
the stock. "
George B. Meyers, one of the. owners of
the Meyers. Packing Company of Seattle,
is in this city. His cannery is one of the
oldest established on the coast. He said
yesterday that he had been asked by the
syndicate to give a price for his canning
business and had done so. He added that
all of the canneries have till June 30 to
consider the matter. He would not state
what price he asked, for his concern.
J. Pierpont Morgan and other financiers
are said to be back of Onffroy and will
put up the necessary capital to complete
the deal, should the owners; of the can
neries offer their establishments at rea
sonable figures. • ' 1 .
IF the hopes and belief of the manage
r ment£of ; ;thavi>San vFrajiciEco Kennel
- "Club are reafized~*soclety'will turn out
. 'in full force. this afternoon and even
ing to witness the opening of the
'club's annual exhibition: Never before in
th:e history of San Francisco dogdom. has..'
society taken such an interest in the
bench show, not only because the canine
pets of many social favorites are entered,
but the bluest tlooded stock of the Eastf
em kennels and shows is here for ribbon
prizes.
Terriers have the call just now as house
pets and these classes will be the strong
est ever exhibited in the West. "In the
smooth coated fox terriers champion Nor
folk Victorius, a dog bred' in Canada, but
¦now owned in Texas, is considered the
best of the Eastern stock, -while among
the wire haired fox terriers the great
champion Meersbrook Bristles* will be on
the bench. In Boston terriers, as well as
in Alrdales, Scotch, bulls and others, the
classes will be far above average. Nor
will keen competition be lacking, for 'of
late years California fanciers have been
reaching out for the best stock that
money -can buy and many champions of
Eastern and English shows are now
owned in this State and will be exhibited.
Sporting dog owners and breeders will
have a chance to- see a large number of
Eastern show setters and pointers, as L.
A. Klein and Ben Lewis, the well known
handlers,* are here with' big strings se
lected from among the winners at the.
Chicago show, recently closed. In collies
and St. Bernards some surprises are
promised as local fanciers have recently
purchased some cracks -and will try to
carry ,pff the chief honors with them.
Judges Jarrett, Lynn and Cranfield are
EA&JERN EACES.
NEW YORK. May 7.— Banastar, winner of the
Metropolitan handicap, won the Toboggan han
dicap at Morris Park to-day. Summary: . ¦
First , race, six furlongs, Watercolor , won,
Cervera second. Time, 1:14^- No other entries.
Second race, one mile, selling, Buffoon won,
Animosity second. Scurry third. Time, 1:41%.
Third race, the Larchmont, seven furlongs,
Smile won. Paul Clifford second. Nones third.
Time, 1:27%. .
Fourth race, the Toboggan handicap, six fur
longs, Banastar won. King Pepper second, Un
masked third. Time, 1-.13V4'. ¦ .
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs, Gunfire
won Golden Cottage second. Moss Hastings
third. Time, :04%. , „¦ „ . '*¦'
Sixth race, one mile. The Parader ¦won, Sid
ney Lucas Becond, Bailor King third. Time,
1:41-' ? .,. ' ¦ : •• . ¦¦ .¦ .. ' :. :
CINCINNATI. May 7.—Newport summaries:
First "race, six furlongs, Spree won* Sundown
II second, Nancy Seitz third. . Time, 1:18.
Second race, six furlongs. Unsightly ' won,
Springrwell second, A Winner third. Time,
1:14V4. ¦ ' ¦' ' "" ¦ ¦ ¦' " f
Third race, half mile, selling, Rose of Red
won, Janie Seay second, Kingford third. Time,
:48%. • ' • • " . • . • - - , : \
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs, Zanone
won," Foneda second, Charlie O'Brien third.
Fifth race, five furlongs, Andy Williams won.
El Giva second. Linden Tree third. Time, 1:02%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling; Algie M
won ¦ All's • Well second. Miss Redwood third.
Time, 1:29. '
ST. LOUIS, May 7.— Summary:
• Four and a half furlongs, purse— Wakita
won, Mystee second, • Jungf rau ; third. „ Time,
:56%. •'¦ : ' - • *
Six and a half furlongs, - selling— Wax Taper
won, Kisht Bella second. Horseshoe Tobacco
thfid. Time, 1:22%.. ¦¦¦.-¦- -¦: ¦
Four and a half furlongs^-Queen Burlington
won, Winter Bell second. All Mine I third.
Time, .:56i4. ' w ,'. v
Five • furlongs, purse— Ampere won. Duelist
second, Orleans third. Time, 1:02.
One mile, purse — Tulla Fonso won, Chappa-
Qua second, Tayon third. Time, 1:43. ¦¦¦
' . One and a sixteenth miles, - selling— Chopin
won, Harry Pulllam second, Eda RIley third.
Time, ! 1:50. ,
:¦ LOUISVILLE, fcj May 7. — Churchill .Downs
Seven furlongs, selling— Pat '• Garrett . won.
Full Dress second, Rodd third. Time, 1:29. .
Four' furlongs— Sweet Billy, won, Dodle ¦ S
second, Foundling third. Time, :49%. ¦¦ ¦
¦ Six f urlong8. • selling — Farrell won. The
Butcher second/Sam P.' Cochran third. "Time,
1:15 ' '"¦¦¦' ¦' "• ' ¦ - ¦ ' .
The Wenonah stakes,' four and a half;fur
longs—Bddle Busch won. Cold Stream second, :
Jack Ratlin third. Time, - :65&. • -
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Adronicus won,
Lee King second, Edith Q third. Time, 1:48%.
Four furlongs, selling— Survive won, Onanias
tus second. Donald Bain third. .Time,. l:01V4.
CHICAGO, May 7. —Worth summary:: .:
Four and a half furlongs— Aransas won, Lou
"Vyoods second, Grade I third.* Time,' :56 2-5. ;
'One mile— Dyxona ¦ won, John ¦ Drake , second, '
Hanwurst third. Time,- 1:43. - . ¦ ; - ¦ •
. Mile and a . sixteenth, r selling— Boney ".- Boy
won, Ohnet • second, " Possart third. . Time,
1:48 1-5. ¦¦::¦'*• ¦ •¦ -'. ¦ ' ¦ •¦/::¦ " • -¦¦ '> -
.¦ Five furlongs, selling— Bridge won, Herodlate
second, Hoodwink third. Time, 1:01 4-5. ...'._ v'-"
• ¦ Mile and •- a , hundred t yards — Oxnard'. won,'
Zacatosa second, Tobe ? Paine ¦ third.": r . Time, '
l:49 3-5.;~ -¦.-,;.'¦-: -. . ..•--- .'- .v--:': -,-¦••.¦•-.
Mile and : a hundred yard i — Domadge : won,'
Plead Becond, " W. B. Gates , third. Time, :
1:18 3-5. . . '
By F. £. SHJI-HOLLAND.
WHILE some of our learned
brethren of the scientific fra
ternity take chances In fur
nishing a juicy cut, of prime
¦roast to the savages of the
Interior of Tatagonia to witness a partial
eclipse of the sun. the fast mare Valen
cienne furnished a total eclipse of the
"dope" book for the pains of a trip to
Oakland yesterday. When last Valen
cienne basked in the sunshine with the
silk up she was ridden • by Stuart, the
white-haired "phenom" from- Chappell's
equlno curiosity shop. On this particular
occasion the mare was backed up in the
betting from 8 to 10. Pitted against Good
Hope in the fourth stanza yesterday 30 to
1 was laid against her chances h auntie;
roy, the "chocolate-colored little lord,
replaced Stuart, and Valencienne showed
a clean set of racing plates to her asso
ciates the entire trip, just outlasting
Good Hope by a neck. Dangerous Maid
the favorite, was cut oft and messed
aboui on the backstretch. The winner
was not neglected by one of her ex
owners at least, who was said to have
"strung $500 across the board on her
C^tm e there are other happenings; things
that are bound to occur as a meeting be
gins to wear. Count Hubert. Buck laj
lor and Formero were all numbered
amone the mining at rollcall. going to
fhTfront stanch favorites. Escalant and
Headwater were the successful choices.
It was expected that Headwater would
do all sorts of Queer feats at the post in
the Futuritv course sprint, so the books
laid as good as 3 to 1 about his name.
The geldings act was » disappointment
a" he won cleverlv from Sly after a neat
ShibiOon of skillful Piloting by R the
Frank Bell downed Hagerdon for the
Fhow. while Sullivan on Beau Ormonde
r °Mas^er CaJ. % cast off from Bob Smith's
Darn, won the opening mile run at odds of
S to 1. Coming from behind the Ber-
Fan gelding easily led onxt the 20 to 1 shot
Carlo\tgnian. The Gaffer, first choice In
the ring, finished fifth, poorly ridden by
Following this came the captuVe of the
peven-furlong selling affair by Formatus.
enother outsider. Buck Taylor received
liberal backing, making him the post
choice but he went lame and the i^im
wood Farm representative carried away
the honors by a neck. Parader snatched
the show from Lizzella, weakly ridden by
Bozeman,
"Lucky" Baldwin's colt Escalante was
bet on to take the two-year-old dash, and,
of course, came to town. With, the coin
down Alexander made no mistakes, get
ting his mount over the mark a length In
advance of Monastic. Armado tired
after cutting out the pace, losing- third
position to. Snowberry.
Apparently the last victory of Jim Mc-
Cleevy did not Impress anybody seriously,
for the books again laid 30 to 1 about the
chestnut horse in the betting on the clos
ing mile and a sixteenth run. After a
lonsr, hard drive the outsider loet out by
a head only to Merops. backed from 6 to 9
to 2. Dr. Bernays. first Installed favorite,
displayed signs of lameness warming up
and Formero. the post favorite, did not
earn any decorations.
To-Day"s Entries.
First race— Si* furlongs, maiden three-year
olda and upward, selling.
. Searchlight .«...10C 2380 La Calma. 90
2368 Rasp 92 £068 Ting-a-Llngr ...102
Z3S0 Scotch 104 2305 Sailor 92
23S0 Abbyleix L. 102 ....Key Dare 92
. S Machree 90 1099 Debltick 90
2404 Bonitary J 80 1 23S0 Cerro Santa.... 92
Second race^?Four and a. half furlongs.'
maiden two-year-olds; uurse.
2412 Lento HI 2339 Lilly Dale 10S
2387 Prestene MS 237.". V/arder 108
2179 Hard Night 111 2393 Estado Ill
2400 Vasallo 10S .... Autumn Time.. 108
2393 Yellowstone ...111 23S7 Fred Attcrbury. 10S
22S7 Carlo Ill 2363 Senator Bruce.. Ill
Third race— Seven furlongs, three-year-olds
and up; selling.'' ( K
£408 Hindoonet 105) 24C5 Barney F 100
2407 Jim Hale SSH2409) MacGyle 105
2405 Mellocole 105|
Fourth race— Four furlongs, two-year-olds;
purse.
<23S2)Louwelsea 105iC23S9)Phylli» 1C5
2377 Royalty 1051 <2S21)Coai Oil J«ohnny.l08
<24P€)Tomplon 1051 22S2)Glendennlng ...105
2406 Phil Crimmlns.lOSl 2352 Halnault 105
2400 San L.uition....l0ol 2400 Irma A 105
Fifth lace— One mile and an eighth, three
year-olds and upward; the May -handicap.
2335 Malay 1031 2409 Gotobed 104
2366 Bathos • 971 2366 The Fretter 117
2378 Ada N 9l| 2407 Cougar 93
237SR1O Shannon... 104 '
Sixth race — One mile and three-eighths, four
5'ear-olds and upward; selllne.
2325 Whalebaclc 112| 2333 Twlnkler 112
2399 Twinkle Twink.110 23S1 Rapido 112
2405 Sylvan Lass. ...110 2411 Parader 112
2339 Dare II 112 2374 Dr. Marks 112
2391 Imperious 112 23S4 Lon Luis 112
(2U5)Stromo 112
Prtfbable Winners.
First race^Eailor, Tjng-a-Llng, Rasp.
Second race— -Vasallo, Estado, Carlo.
Third race— MeUocole. MacGyle, Hindoonet.
Fourth race— Royalty, Glendenning, Phyllis.
Fifth race— Rio Shannon, Gctobed, Ada N.
Sixth race— Sylvan Law, Etromo, Imperious
i ' ¦
Track Notes.
Johnny Weber's very shifty filly Moon
bright, which ruptured a blood vessel In
Monday's race, died early yesterday
morning
Matthews, -who rode Foul Play, was
fined $25 by the Judges for rough riding
and -warned that a repetition of the of
fense would earn suspension. -
Owing to his apparent lack of form of
late in the saddle, the judges requested
Marty Bergen to accept no more mounts.
Trainers of the harness horse at Pleas
anton are about ready, and May 15 will
probably witness a general exodus for the
Eastern country. Millard Saunders will
ship twelve, seven of which number will
be sold at the big Fasig-Tiptpn sale. Ven
us II and Czarina, owned by A,B.'Spreck-
Delights an Oakland Audience at Odds of 30 to \.
Long Shots Are Again Triumphant.
VALENGIENNE ESCAPES
FROM HER CUSTODIANS
RACES EAST AND WEST, OPENING OF DOG SHOW AND LEAGUE AVERAGES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAT 8, 1901.
Operiing : Day of the San Francisco Kennel Club Exhibition Will
Find the Benches Littered With the Best of Dpgjs.
PRIZE WINNERS OF MANY SHOWS
WILL STRIVE FOR FURTHER HONORS
THE CULL'S RACING FORM CHART
Jarrett will judge sporting classes, Mr.
Cranfleld greyhounds, and Mr. Lynn all
non-sporting classes outside of grey
hounds. All dogs not offered for benching
before 11 o'clock this morning will be dis
qualified. - -.
The officers of the club and particularly
the' members of the bench show com
mittee are deserving of great .credit for
the able and thorough manner In which
the preliminaries have -been handled.
There has been : no hurry, no confusion,
and all exhibitors have been fully satis
fied. '-' The bench show committee con
sists of Messrs. William S. Kittle, E. C.
F.ord, Dr. D'Evelyn, N. H. Hickman and
J. P. Norman; ¦ . . . -
The doors of the " Pavilion will open
promptly at 10 o'clock this morninsr and
will close at the same hour on Saturday
night.
On Friday a special exhibition of the
foxhounds comprising the pack of the San
Mateo Hunt Club will be given. ' There are
fifty-two ' crack hounds in the pack and
4
NAME AND CLUB.
Games. A.B. .
Runs. -"
i
B.H.
S.B.
I
Percent.
1 Krug, San Francisco..... . 23
2 Doyle, Sacramento' 21
3 Pabst. San Francisco... .' 2S
4 Householder, Los Angreles....; ; 22
5 Brockhoff, Los Angeles ! 20
6 Hlldebrand, San Francisco 22
7C. Rellly, Los Angeles .22
8 Courtney, Sacramento 22
9 Holland, San Francisco .23
McLaughlin, Sacramento '22
11 Drennan, Oakland : 23 .
12 Hanlon, Sacramento 22
13 Devereaux, Sacramento 22
14 Schwartz, San Francisco... - ¦ 21
15 Dunleavy." Oakland 14 ;
18 Nordyke, San Francisco 10
Hutchinson, Oakland ; 19
Lohman, Oakland ,... 23
19 Stanley, Sacramento 17
20 Grahfem, San Francisco 23
21 Kelly., L03 Angeles 22
22 Stretb. Oakland .....; 23
23 Moskiman, Oakland ..: 19
24 Arrellanes, Oakland 23
McGucken, Sacramento...' 16
26 Bowman, Los Angeles.'... •. * 22
27 Spies, Los Angeles 22
28 Borchers, Oakland .- 7 r
23Francks, Oakland' .". 23
30 Johnson, Los Angeles 10
31 J. Reilly, San Francisco ....'.. 21
32 Moore, Oakland ' 21
33 Whalen, San Francisco............ 10
34 Babbitt. Oakland 17
35 Swindells, Los Angeles 23
36 Stricklett, Sacramento 14 '
S7Held/ Oakland \ 14
S8 Sheehan, Sacramento '22
33 Iburg, San Francisco. • 9
40 Hale, Los Angeles 6
41 Russell. Oakland 6
42 Jones. Los Angeles 11
93
.82 •
86
92
70
90
67
86
83
91
91
80
81
• 97
47
60
80
63
. €3
-85 •
84
SI
63
83
69
87
/ 90
32 ¦ .
78
n
35
.43
.92
44
44
. .78
33
10
¦ 35
-12
10 '
. 19
15
16
21
13
11
22
- 11
9
10
12
13
8^
8
17
10
I
¦ »;
5 .
¦ •¦.<¦«••
12
-10 .
3
10
0
15
3
8
5
4
7
6
4
4 '
11
- 3
J_
r —
32
27
23
29 ¦
' 22
23
19
24
' 24
25
24
21 .
21
25
13
15
20
17
15 -
20.
\l
15
13
' 15 .
16.
13 '
17 •
6
r l* ':¦:
. 14
6
•8
15
7
7 ;
11
4 ¦
¦ 2- ¦ -'
1
3
4
6
5
> 4 ".
5
8
«¦'.',
• j . r
6
7
4 "
9 • -
- 6
•-. 1
4
¦¦,¦¦'4 -y.
4
3
3
7
3
•1
¦2 '
7
3
1
1
1
2
1
- ' 3 , "¦
8 ¦
3
0
0
1' ¦ ¦ ¦
1
0
0 S
2 ' '
.344
.329
.325
.315
.314
.301
.233
.273
.274
.274
.233
.263 .
.253
.257
.255
.25C
.251
.25«
, .23*
• .235
.228
.223
.220
.217
.217
.207
.207
:1S3'
.187
.179
.173
.171
.166
.163
.159
.159
. ".141
.121
.100
.100
.086
FIRST BASEMEN. ¦ . ' ¦¦>.¦¦ V •¦-¦'' ' .
X ) Games. I P.O. I A. • | E. \ Percent.
NAME.
1 Hutchlnson '.... 19 16 °
2 Hanlon .' 22 209
SStrelb 22 226
4Pabst : : 23 246
5 Johnson 5 o0
3
7
6
11
6
3
9
1 -
8
2
.981
.972
.970
.963
.965
SECOND' BASEMEN.
I ¦ NAME. - 1 Games. I P.O. I
A. I
A.
-s r
E.
Percent.
Percent.
NAME.
lSch-wartz 13 23
2 Courtney 16 51
3 Arrellanes 2S 6G
4 BrockhofT 20 *9
50 5 .943
43 6 • -910
59 10 .820
39 13 .870
THIRD BASEMEN.
"i NAME. ; [ Games. I P.O.
j A. j W. I Percent.
NAME.
1C. Rellly ..; - I 22 34 61 8
2Sheehan — « » « «
3 J. Rellly • « J2 3? *
4Moore : » ¦ 19 . 21 5o 1<
.922 .
.895
.884 .
.813
SHORTSTOPS. '.
P ' NAME. j | Games. I P.O. | A. I E. I
I
I Percent.
NAME.
i Knie 20 62 64, 13 .906
2KeUy "'T'Y/.'."""".'.'..^. 22 46 80 14. .900
4Francks 23 64 63 2o .800
' , \ - ¦ ' . PITCHERS.
i . NAME. [ ' I Games. | P.O. I A^ I E. I W.P. I Percent.
I j NAME.
l'lburg • ....... 9 6 25 0 0 l.OCO
teu} 11 ..:::::::::::::::;:::::::::::::: " ¦ I S I I :£i
CATCHERS.
i NAME. . ~~ I Games. I Pio ( X. ( El I" P.B. I Percent.*
1 Soles • ~ 22 ; 121 .25 \ 4 1 {'" !$S7
2 StanlSV ¦¦..*..". 17 • 81 20 1' 6 .905
- ' 3iMnian .23- 1"« f 7 6 .911
4 Graham • 23 . 97 - 24 5 8 .823
l'sples
2IStanl6y ......
3Ix>hman . .
4|Graham .... •¦ ..-.
22
17
23
23
FIELDERS.
•' TT — -NAME. ~i ' : " '¦' " " . - ¦ I Games. I P,O. [ a! j E. I "Percent."
I
NAME.
. .. . . .¦««.— . ._ . . > .__
1 Dunleavy .- ?
2 Bowman .; '• '••• • •-..,. •
3 Held-. -
4 Doyle •••
5 McLaugrhlin -
' 6 Swindells
7 Householder •
8 Drennan '.••'•
9 Hildebrand •
10 McGucken
11 Holland
12 Nordyke - ; ;
13 Mosklnian |
'. 14
22
12
12
oo
22"
• 23
22
16
23
10
9
26
. 50
23
20
49
29
• 54
42
re
lu
42
11
¦ 12, -^
8
7
2
- * -
o
1
1
3
1.000
.983
.961
9Tfi
- .. .357
.904
.900
.823
.813
NAME AND CLUB.
Games. A.B. .
Runs. -"
i
B.H.
S.B.
I
Percent.
1 Krug, San Francisco..... . 23
2 Doyle, Sacramento' 21
3 Pabst. San Francisco... .' 2S
4 Householder, Los Angreles....; ; 22
5 Brockhoff, Los Angeles ! 20
6 Hlldebrand, San Francisco 22
7C. Rellly, Los Angeles .22
8 Courtney, Sacramento 22
9 Holland, San Francisco .23
McLaughlin, Sacramento '22
11 Drennan, Oakland : 23 .
12 Hanlon, Sacramento 22
13 Devereaux, Sacramento 22
14 Schwartz, San Francisco... - ¦ 21
15 Dunleavy." Oakland 14 ;
18 Nordyke, San Francisco 10
Hutchinson, Oakland ; 19
Lohman, Oakland ,... 23
19 Stanley, Sacramento 17
20 Grahfem, San Francisco 23
21 Kelly., L03 Angeles 22
22 Stretb. Oakland .....; 23
23 Moskiman, Oakland ..: 19
24 Arrellanes, Oakland 23
McGucken, Sacramento...' 16
26 Bowman, Los Angeles.'... •. * 22
27 Spies, Los Angeles 22
28 Borchers, Oakland .- 7 r
23Francks, Oakland' .". 23
30 Johnson, Los Angeles 10
31 J. Reilly, San Francisco ....'.. 21
32 Moore, Oakland ' 21
33 Whalen, San Francisco............ 10
34 Babbitt. Oakland 17
35 Swindells, Los Angeles 23
36 Stricklett, Sacramento 14 '
S7Held/ Oakland \ 14
S8 Sheehan, Sacramento '22
33 Iburg, San Francisco. • 9
40 Hale, Los Angeles 6
41 Russell. Oakland 6
42 Jones. Los Angeles 11
93
.82 •
86
92
70
90
67
86
83
91
91
80
81
• 97
47
60
80
63
. €3
-85 •
84
SI
63
83
69
87
/ 90
32 ¦ .
78
n
35
.43
.92
44
44
. .78
33
10
¦ 35
-12
10 '
. 19
15
16
21
13
11
22
- 11
9
10
12
13
8^
8
17
10
I
¦ »;
5 .
¦ •¦.<¦«••
12
-10 .
3
10
0
15
3
8
5
4
7
6
4
4 '
11
- 3
J_
r —
32
27
23
29 ¦
' 22
23
19
24
' 24
25
24
21 .
21
25
13
15
20
17
15 -
20.
\l
15
13
' 15 .
16.
13 '
17 •
6
r l* ':¦:
. 14
6
•8
15
7
7 ;
11
4 ¦
¦ 2- ¦ -'
1
3
4
6
5
> 4 ".
5
8
«¦'.',
• j . r
6
7
4 "
9 • -
- 6
•-. 1
4
¦¦,¦¦'4 -y.
4
3
3
7
3
•1
¦2 '
7
3
1
1
1
2
1
- ' 3 , "¦
8 ¦
3
0
0
1' ¦ ¦ ¦
1
0
0 S
2 ' '
.344
.329
.325
.315
.314
.301
.233
.273
.274
.274
.233
.263 .
.253
.257
.255
.25C
.251
.25«
, .23*
• .235
.228
.223
.220
.217
.217
.207
.207
:1S3'
.187
.179
.173
.171
.166
.163
.159
.159
. ".141
.121
.100
.100
.086
FIRST BASEMEN. ¦ . ' ¦¦>.¦¦ V •¦-¦'' ' .
X ) Games. I P.O. I A. • | E. \ Percent.
NAME.
1 Hutchlnson '.... 19 16 °
2 Hanlon .' 22 209
SStrelb 22 226
4Pabst : : 23 246
5 Johnson 5 o0
3
7
6
11
6
3
9
1 -
8
2
.981
.972
.970
.963
.965
SECOND' BASEMEN.
I ¦ NAME. - 1 Games. I P.O. I
A. I
A.
-s r
E.
Percent.
Percent.
NAME.
lSch-wartz 13 23
2 Courtney 16 51
3 Arrellanes 2S 6G
4 BrockhofT 20 *9
50 5 .943
43 6 • -910
59 10 .820
39 13 .870
THIRD BASEMEN.
"i NAME. ; [ Games. I P.O.
j A. j W. I Percent.
NAME.
1C. Rellly ..; - I 22 34 61 8
2Sheehan — « » « «
3 J. Rellly • « J2 3? *
4Moore : » ¦ 19 . 21 5o 1<
.922 .
.895
.884 .
.813
SHORTSTOPS. '.
P ' NAME. j | Games. I P.O. | A. I E. I
I
I Percent.
NAME.
i Knie 20 62 64, 13 .906
2KeUy "'T'Y/.'."""".'.'..^. 22 46 80 14. .900
4Francks 23 64 63 2o .800
' , \ - ¦ ' . PITCHERS.
i . NAME. [ ' I Games. | P.O. I A^ I E. I W.P. I Percent.
I j NAME.
l'lburg • ....... 9 6 25 0 0 l.OCO
teu} 11 ..:::::::::::::::;:::::::::::::: " ¦ I S I I :£i
CATCHERS.
i NAME. . ~~ I Games. I Pio ( X. ( El I" P.B. I Percent.*
1 Soles • ~ 22 ; 121 .25 \ 4 1 {'" !$S7
2 StanlSV ¦¦..*..". 17 • 81 20 1' 6 .905
- ' 3iMnian .23- 1"« f 7 6 .911
4 Graham • 23 . 97 - 24 5 8 .823
l'sples
2IStanl6y ......
3Ix>hman . .
4|Graham .... •¦ ..-.
22
17
23
23
FIELDERS.
•' TT — -NAME. ~i ' : " '¦' " " . - ¦ I Games. I P,O. [ a! j E. I "Percent."
I
NAME.
. .. . . .¦««.— . ._ . . > .__
1 Dunleavy .- ?
2 Bowman .; '• '••• • •-..,. •
3 Held-. -
4 Doyle •••
5 McLaugrhlin -
' 6 Swindells
7 Householder •
8 Drennan '.••'•
9 Hildebrand •
10 McGucken
11 Holland
12 Nordyke - ; ;
13 Mosklnian |
'. 14
22
12
12
oo
22"
• 23
22
16
23
10
9
26
. 50
23
20
49
29
• 54
42
re
lu
42
11
¦ 12, -^
8
7
2
- * -
o
1
1
3
1.000
.983
.961
9Tfi
- .. .357
.904
.900
.823
.813
ATtv h-'R'TTgTnvrMM'I'St,' .
SENT FREE^TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trlkl Packasra Sent by Mail
to All Who Write. .
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who'
¦will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the .mental and
physical sulferingr of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It Is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing? from youthful folly, premature loss
01 strength and memory, weak back, varl-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
ana development just where It is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. * 328 Elektron building. Fort
V, ayne, Ind., stating that you desire on©
of their free trial packages, will be com-
piled with promptly.' The Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed,- and the free sample will enable them,
to see how easy It is to be. cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent' a free sample; carefully ' sealed in a
plain package. '-so that its recipient need
nave no fear of embarrassment " or iJub-
JLVAT" /? e . aders are reqaested to writ©
without -delav. - : » ;:.j. V- i -\: *
©9C©0000©0030Ce0003S©©
©*: • * *\ i . - ' ;¦• -A"'
S The Big A §
§ In the Cycling World. f±l
g CLEVELANDS;- 5
e $35 , $40 $50 J
I TRIBUNES 8
g $35 $40 $50 8
8 CRESCENTS g
• : $25 $30 > $35- 8
8- $25 $30 $40 $50 8
2 See the Clevelana RED-HEAD' RACER. •
*f with special Palmer Tires. "Beauties" • 9
© In a class of their own. -¦ ' A
Q Good allowance for-, your old bicycle, a
8 LEAvnr & Dni, 2
8 309 Larkin StrccL.S r
© ' Bargains In second-hand bicycles. S
q Send for. list. . «*Preferred Death, to Long. Illness.
W.t Bi\ Schneider, of ; 248% • Clara street,
left his Blck wife alone for a few moments
last night and upon" his return found her
dyipg. Before phedied she Informed him
th*t she had taken poison. She had been
In. ill > health for some time and .was very
despondent. Her body.waa removed to the
morgue. ¦
EMPLOYES' MUTUAL
BENEFIT ASSOCIATION
Railroad Men Hold Their Annual
Meeting and, Elect New
; : Officers. '^.^-'-:
'The Employes' Mutual Benefit Associa
tion of : the. Southern. Pacific Company
held .their, "twenty-third annual meeting
yesterday. There are 'at present 1012 mem
bers- in the i association, and .under . the
law of the last Legislature they are noir
allowed to increase the membership to
8000. In ths "past only residents west of
El Paso in the employ of the corporation
were allowed to join the, association, but
under the new l*w the territory has been
extended as far east as Houston, :Tex.
• The - annual report shows - that during
the year ending -April. 30,. 1901, $17,000 has
been paid out In death. benefits, and that
in the > past twenty-one years $131,000 has
been -expended in the same, cause.. The
surplus on: hand is $103,600. -
The following -officers were elected . to
serve for- the, ensuing year: President,
E.~ Black- Ryan; 'vice : president. • C. J.
Wilder; secretary, Mrs. Anna Cummins;
counsel, J. E. Foalds; directors, George
T. Kllnk, C. C. Bonte and E. Black Ryan.
PAROI.E TO BE QUANTED
THE YOUNGER BROTHERS
Men Confined in the Minnesota Peni
tentiary Will Be Permitted to
Leave Prison.
ST. PAUL, May "7.— At a regular meet-
Ing of the Board of Managers of the State
Prison to-day at Stlllwater unanimous ac
tion was taken in favor of paroling the
Younger brothers. . now serving life sen
tences. Before the parole can be effec
tive all three members of the State Par
don Board must approve it and the ac
tion will be submitted to the body as soon
as possible.
This Is In accordance with tho new
parole law, which allows the parole of life
prisoners after about twenty-four years'
imprisonment, being thirty-five years, less
time gained by good behavior. Paroles
are usually granted by the prison man
agers alone, but in the case of life prison
ers unanimous approval of the Board of
Pardons ls also necessary and such life
paroled prisoners cannot leave the State
The Pardon Board does not meet reg
ularly until July, but a special meeting
may be called if the members of the
board consider one necessary.
t.-pt. is TO RETTTRN
TO THE VIRGINIA HOME
Well-Known General Proposes to
Make Future Residence Ainong'
Familiar Scenes.
OMAHA, Nebr., May 7.— General Ftlz-
hugh Lee and his family, including hi3
son. Lieutenant • George F. Lee, left
Omaha yesterday afternoon to return to
their old Virginia home, where they have
scarcely lived for ¦ fifteen years. It was
that long ago that General Lee became
Governor of Virginia and moved to Rich
mond. -Lieutenirnt Lee was mustered out
of the service yesterday, he having been
an offi^r of the Thirty-ninth Infantry,
which ceased existence yesterday at San
Francisco.
»
Financier Is a Co-respondent.
LONDON, May 7.— Sir Reginald Beau
champ was awarded a divorce from his
wife, Violet (daughter of the fifth Earl
of Roden). to-day and £10,000 damages.
The co-respondent was Hugh Watt, a
former member of ; Parliament, who la
well known in financial circles.
Directors Selected for
the Union of Com
panies.
r
NEW YORK, May 7.— A circular has
been issued by H. W. Poor & Co. regard
ing the organization of the United States
Shipbuilding Company under the laws of
New Jersey to'acqu'.re the Newport News
Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company, the
Unlon^Iron Works of San Francisco, the
Bath Iron Works (limited) and the. Hyde
Windlass Company of Bath. Me., the
Crescent Shipyards and the Samuel J.
Moore & Son's Company of Ellzabethport,
N. J., and the Canda Manufacturing Com
pany of Cartaret, N. J.
The following have consented to serve
on the board of directors: Henry
Scott, president of the Union Iron
Works; Lewis Nixon, Crescent Shipyards;
Charles J. Canda, president of the Canda
Manufacturing Company; Joseph Hyde,
president of the Hyde Windlass Company;
E. W. Hyde, president of the Bath Iron
Works Company, limited; C. B. Orcutt,
president of the Newport News Shipbuild
ing and Dry Dock Company; H. E. Hunt
ington, first vice president of the Southern
Pacific Company; ' Irving M. Scott, vice
president and general manager of the
Union Iron Works Company; Edward
Hawlcy of the Minneapolis and St. Paul
Railroad Company; E. ' H. Harriman,
chairman of the board of directors of
Union Pacific Raliroad Company, and
Joseph Stillman, president of the National
City Bank. Other directors will be named
after the committee is instituted.
The aggregate orders in hand of the
constituent companies are said to amount
to $65,000,000; amounting to an average of
four a month, on which the estimated
profit is over $5,000,000. The committee will
be authorized under Its charter to Issue
capital -stock as follows: Preferred (7
per cent non-cumulative), $32,500,000; com
mon stock, $52,500,000. The plan will bo
come operative .as »oon as. the organizers
notify the Mercantile Trust Company, as
depository, that tha corporation has ac
quired the properties of the constituent
companies. ¦
SNIP BUILDERS
NAME OFFICERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN ANTONIO, Texas. May 7.— The en
tire eastern section of Texas was devas
tated by a storm of wind and hail, caus
ing great havoc to property and crop3.
The blow was terrific, and houses of the
strongest character In Its path were de
molished like paper • boxes and trees
twisted off like so many weeds, while
hailstones ranging ¦ in size from marbles
to a man's fist beat the crops out of
existence and broke all the window
panes. The fury pf the storm was spent
in the same section that last year at thi3
time was devastated by wind and water,
when State aid was necessary to prevent
starvation. The same thing is expected
in this Instance.
Farmers had just planted crops, . and
all were up a few inches above ' the
ground. Replanting is necessary, and as
the season is almost too late, it is feared
the population will have to be cared for
by the charitably. Inclined of the State,
who were overtaxed by the drain of re
sources for the recent Galveston disaster.
The extent of the storm was hardly as
great as that of last year, however, fewer
counties being visited. . Eastfalls and
West Limestone counties suffered the
heaviest in the number Injured.
' . ' Church.es Are Demolished. . -
At Calihan the Baptist church wa3
blown down while people were at service,
and J. C. Owens, a negro who had taken
refuge there, was killed, and a dozen of
the congregation- were injured. Other
buildings were wrecked. . Tho hail was
very severe, breaking in the roofs of
many dwellings. •
At Rosebud a regular hurricane pre
vailed and small houses, especially the
abodes of negroes and- poor whites, were
swept away. Many were Injured slightly.
A lamp was overturned by the wind at
the residence of Edward Martin and the
place completely destroyed. The -large
residence of Mr. Wills, nearing comple
tion, the finest In the place, was blown
to pieces and the roofs of many houses
blown away. < . . • _ " • _ '
At Prairie Hill, near Mount Calm, the
Baptist and Methodist churches were
demolished, two business houses dam
aged, several residences unroofed and
crops destroyed. ._ 7 . ""¦• ¦
Five ' miles north, at Plttsburg, . . the
home of Dr. D. T. Kimball was wrecked
and five members of the family, seriously
hurt. Eight tenement houses In the town
were blown down.« ¦ . ' . ' '¦'• - ¦
Crops Are Cut to Pieces. . .
Crops in the northern part of the coun
ty were completely cut to pieces. Halt
and rain struck the town of Thornton,
accompanied by high winds, atjd in v a
minute glass windows began tpv Bhattep
and in less" than 'five minutes window
sashes .: and shingles from the roofs : of
houses were flying through the air. 5 Corn
and cotton as well as gardens were de
stroyed. .•_¦• "- ',' '•' • . • '¦**- ,A . :
The people seem dazed, but. wtliv.go
about repairing and the ¦ best
they can. Cotton seed with which > to re
plant seems, aside from .the repairing hi
buildings, to be the greatest need. - Thd
damage to residences and mercantile, es
tablishments will' runup into thousands
of dollars" and $150,000 to $200,000. will not
cover the ; loss In the Thornton section
alone' The hail did ' not extend, a mile
to the east, but as far as tensor twelve
miles to the west it did great damage.
Of Interest to the Header.
'Mr. SV: F.'Plpher, receiver of. the Cali
fornia' Shoe Co., reserves nothing. * He Is
sweeping this week ladles' J3 1 shoes - for
$L45, men's- S3 shoes for. $1.45. Both are
celebrated makes,- latest styles, and: are
worth $3.V- Yet they are sold this.. week
for $1 45 a pair at the Bankrupt Shoe Sale
of;' the California. ., 1506 , Market y street,
above City Hall avenue. , .«; •
Buildings Are Blown
Down and Crops
Ruined.
STORM SWEEPS
EASTERN TEXAS
Fired Accidentally.
CAMBRIDGE. Mass., May 7.— The cli
max in the Eastman murder trial was
reached to-day when the defendant him
self took the etand to tell his own story.
He went into no elaborate details, and
answered onry the questions put to him
by His lawyer. For two hours he was
on the stand giving his testimony as to
his relations with Grogan and the Inci
dents on the day of the shootinsr. He
declared that the shooting was an acci
dent and that up to last October he had
alwaj-s believed that it was the old-rim
f:re pistol that discharged the bullet
which killed his brother-in-law.
The struggle which followed, he said,
v.as for the possession of the center-fire
pistol which Grogan had in his hand.
Kastman said that he went to Grogan
first to assist him and then, because of
the expression on his face, to get the
weapon away from him. He said that
there was bo much noise and confusion
In the struggle that he could not recall
how many times Grogan's revolver went
off. But that It did go off he was almost
certain. He did not know how he re
ceived his own wound and said he did
everything possible after "the affair to
assist Grogan to the house, and was
prostrated with grief when he found that
he was dying.
The cross-examination was not finished
when the court adjourned for the day.
Declares the Fatal Shot "Was
Harvard Man, Accused of Murder,
INSTSTJCTOa EASTMAN
TELLS OF THE SHOOTING
"Generally speaking." said Mr. Newell
yesterday, "the Government exerts Itself
to help a State in proportion to the ex
lent to which It is willing to help itself.
Last year the Government expended a
FH. NEWELL, hydrographer of
the United States Geological
Survey, who arrived in the city
O yesterday, confirms the view
taken by the California Water
end Forest Association's executive com
mittee that the United States Government
will not do as much work in the State for
the conservation of flood waters this year
as would have been the case had Governor
Gage approved the bill that the associa
tion backed at Sacramento.
NEW YORK. May 7.— Nouroulan, the
big Turkish wrestler, made short worU of
Tom Jenkins of Cleveland, the champion
wrestler of America, at Madison Square
Garden to-night. He downed Jenkins
twice In a catch-as-catch-can match, the
first time In- four minutes thirty-five sec
onds, and the second time in five minutes
two seconds. The match was decided on
the best two out of three falls, and Jen
kins wnlle showing a remarkable amount
of cleverness, was unable to compete
against the enormous weight of his big
opponent. Jenkins weighed 195 and Nou
roulah 346 pounds.
Nouroulah. Throws Jenkins.
Sharkey Loses on a Foul.
DENVER, May 7.— A special to the Re
publican from Cripple Creek says:
"Mexican Pete" Everett to-night got a
decision over Tom Sharkey on a foul In
the second round of what was to have
been a twenty-round go before the Olym
pic Club. The first round was a give and
take affair, Everett making fully as good
a shewing as the sailor. In the second a
few seconds after the round was called
the two men came together in a mixup.
Everett received a body blow which sent
him to his knees. While he was down
Sharkey struck him on the head and the
rtferee gave the fight to Everett. After
the decision Sha,rkey offered to fight
Everett at once for $1000 a side and Ever
ett accepted the challenge, but friends of
botb men interfered.
Nevada City's Election.
NEVADA CITY, May 7.— The city elec
tion yesterday resulted in the choice of
Hiram Shearer for Marshal by a majority
of 104 over both Marshal E. A. Tompklns
and William Ashburn. The other officers
elected were: Assessor, Thomas Lewis;
Treasurer. E. J. Morgan; Town Trustees,
J. H. Rogers and Joseph Eustis. There
was no contest except for the Marshal
ship.
handsome sum in helping the State of
California, acting In conjunction with the
California Water and Forest Association.
There was an intention to expend much
more this year had the Governor signed
the bill to insure the co-operation of the
State in the work." •
The Water and Forest Association has
adopted an address to be sent out by the
executive committee to each of the sev
eral thousands of members of the associa
tion. This will deal in a mild way with
the failure of the Governor to sign the
bill after it had been passed with prac
tical unanimity by both branches of the
State Legislature. The members will bo
advised to maintain the orgayization,
with the hope that the next attempt to
have the work prosecuted by the State
may be successful.
llr. Newell is on a tour of Inspection of
the work that was done last year by the
Government Geological Survey in this
State, that he may be personally familiar
vdth it all. He will visit the Salinas Val
ley first, and will in turn see the other
districts where the preliminary explora
tions have been made. He says that in
vestigations have determined that 1.000,000
acres in California that are now arid can
be irrigated. Enormous power can also
be developed from storage reservoirs. The
Government Is studying how to settle up
the Government lands. Water will settle
the question. He expects immense devel
opment In California in the next ten years
if the work that has been begun can be
pushed.
Japanese is accused
OF A SE3UOTTS CRIME
Federal Authorities "Will Determine
if He Smuggled Foreign Women
Into This Country.
SALT LAKE, May 7.— As the result of
a hearing before United States Commis
sioner Twomey to-day Trakachie Ogas
hara, a Japanese, was held by the Fed
eral authorities under $2500 bonds to ap
pear before the United States District
Court of the State of Washington at the
June session, and answer to the charge
of having brought Japanese women from
Japan and smuggled them Into the Uni
ted States for Immoral purposes. The of
fense is punishable by a maximum term
In prison of five years and a line of $5000.
The arrest of Ogashara resulted from
an investigation which had been made
by Chinese and Immigrant Inspector
Fisher of the Puget Sound District, and
which has covered a period of. several
weeks.
F. H. NEWELL, HYDROGRAPHER
OF THE UNITED STATES GEO
LOGICAL, SURVEY.
NEW YORK, May 7.— Conciliation as a
means of maintaining Industrial peace be
tween labor and capital was discussed by
leaders of unionism and finance at the
Chamber of Commerce this afternoon.
Tho meeting was arranged by the indus
trial department of the National Civic
Federation and all of the contributors to
the symposium were leaders in their sev
eral fields of activity. They met Tipon
common ground and were a unit in the
hope that strife would be eliminated from
the relations of employer and toiler and
a perpetual truce declared.
The speakers were Samuel Gompers,
president cf the American Federation of
Labor; Bishop Potter, John B. Mitchell,
president of tho United Mine Workers of
America; Charles B. Flint, president of
the American Rubber Company; Daniel J.
Keene, of the Illinois Board of Arbitra
tion; William H. Hayward of the National
Association of Builders; James O'Con
nell, president of the International Asso
ciation of Machinists, and Herman Justi.
commander of the Illinois Coal Operators
Association.
Samuel Gompers presided and In open
ing the meeting expressed the hope that
a new epoch had come in the relations of
labor and capital. "We want Industrial
peace, but notTat the sacrifice of any of
the elements of manhood," he said. "The
increased growth in the organization of
labor has brought greater responsibility.
The work Is going ahead actively, how
ever, and we are meeting our problems in
a practical way. We are dealing with liv
ing men and living women and living
children in the hope of better things for
all. The laboring people insist that they
be regarded as something more than wage
earners. They are men with rights and
hopes and aspirations and lpve."
John Mitchell said that he was for
peace because he had known the bruises
of war. "The relations of labor and cap
ital," he said, "are purely a business
proposition. There is no sentiment in it.
Peace is better for both, and I am for
peace if we can have an honorable peace.
I believe there never would be strikes If
the employers and employes could meet
in fair conference. If we could have got
a hearing last 'year the great coal strike
would have been avoided."
Charle3 R. Flint, the . capitalist, was
humorously introduced as the walking
delegate of the American Rubber Com
pany, who worked fourteen hours a day.
He expressed his confidence in the good
that would come of closer relationship be
tween labor and capital. He exhaustively
reviewed the export trade of the country
and the accomplishments of the skilled
American laborer, and said that in this,
the greatest industrial evolution the
world had ever known, there was no room
for strife between American labor and
American capital.
BATLBOAD EMPLOYES STRIKE.
Samuel Gompers, in closing, said that
the thorough organization of labor pres
aged complete protection for the honest
employer against his dishonest competi
tor who "nibbled" at prices..
Company's Refusal to Grant Nine-
Hour Day Causes Trouble.
SCRANTON, Pa.. May 7.— Another
strike of Delaware, Lackawanna and
Western Railroad employes was precipi
tated here at noon to-day by the refusal
to grant the request of the workmen for
a nine-hour working day at the present
rate of wages. A grievance committee of
twelve men, representing' the" macMnlsts,'
waited upon Superintendent of Motive
Power Lloyd and reauested the conces
sion. He refused the demand, a report
was made by the committee and the men
decided to strike at once. All the men
struck, including machinists, blacksmiths,
boiler-makers and helpers, engine wipers
and laborers, to the number of 900.
Word of their action was sent to all
other men in similar occupations along
the line from Hoboken, N. J., to Buffalo.
These, with the shopmen who struck on
Saturday for the reinstatement of tho
man Hicks, discharged at. Dover, N. J.,
make nearly 2000 Lacltawanna men on,
strike at Scranton.
STREET RAUJtOAJJS TIED TJP.
Employes of a Company in Albany
Leave Their Cars.
ALBANY, N. Y., May 7.— The employes
of the United Traction Company, which
operates the street surface car lines in
Albany, Troy, Cohoes, Watervleit and
Rensselaer went on a strike at 4 o'clock
this morning. The car lines in the five
cities are completely tied up. The strike
was wholly unaxpected by the public.
The men want complete recognition of
the Amalgamated Association of Street
Railway Employes and the discharge of
seven non-union men employed by the
company. They also want extra men paid
the same rate per hour as regular men.
A modification of the duties of conductors
relative to registration of inspectors is al
so requested. The strikers, who number
about 1000, are orderly. All sorts of con
veyances are being used for transit pur
poses.
Carpenters Agree to Arbitrate.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 7.— The carpen
ters who quit work to-day because the
contractors would not '• agree to exclude
non-union labor were not followed In their
strike by all the other working men in
the building- trades, and to-night they ap
pointed a committee to meet tho contrac
tors and arbitrate their differences. It is
thought that this action of the carpenters
means an end of the strike.
Causes of Recent Strikes Dis
cussed by Prominent
? Men.
Leaders of Unionism and
Finance in Public
Meeting.
LABOR DESIRES
STRIKE TO END
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 8. 1901.
HAMPERS CONSERVATION
OF STATES FLOOD WATERS
Hydrographer Newell Explains the Effects of Gov
ernor Gage's Failure to Approve a Bill.
5
OCEAN TRAVEL.
.Pacific -CoasuSteamship Co.
kib. FOR
GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PDEBLA
Will Safl
From San Francisco May 26
Connectlne at Seattle with the Company's New
and Splendid Steamship
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY SOth.
The Senator made five trip3 to Notne la»t
year, being one of the first to arrive there. <
landing all her passengrers and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
4 New Montgomery street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts..
- ' . . | 10 Market street.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY!
NOME, sOlCHAEL
And All Points on Ynfc>3 Siysr.
¦^ • •*. --¦•*
Sailing Dates Subject to Chans".
From San Francisco. From Seattle.
May 23 S. S. "PORTLAND
June 1 S. S. "ST. PAUL" Jcne «
May 23 »S. S. "CONEMACGH" ...June 10
•"CON'EMAUGH" carries freight and live
stock. No passengers.
For rates of passage, irefght and other par-
ticulars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANT. -
310 Sansoine st.. San Francisco.
I Passenger and Freight Str. ¦ . 5
"JOHN S. KIMBALL." g
TELLXS.60L07NIN BAY.P03T CLASSICS §
SAILS MAT 25th. R
CONKLIN & CO.. 687 Market St. g--
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at l*t> m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG calling at
Kobe. (Hipgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamtrn for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of nailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May 29 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU. Saturday, June 2X 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU..Wednesday. July 177 1MI
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COKFAQKIS OENZBALE TBA53ATLASTIQTI3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3.
Sailing every Thursday, instead ot &rf£S3}%
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. J t*" % «
North River, foot of Morton Street. First class ;
to Havre, iZo and upward. Second class t»
Havre, *43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New Tork: J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
romery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets sold by *
all Railroad Ticket Agents..
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YAED AHD YALLEJO.
Steamer, " Montlcello.'V '
MON . TUES.. WED.. THURS. AND BAT.
4t »:45 a. m.. 8:15. 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
da- night); Fridays. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays.
10:30 a.m.. 8 p. m. Landing and office, MU-
slon-st. Dock. PJer No. S. " Telephore Main laOl.
O CEAN TItAVEL •
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
? Steamers leave Broadway
wharf. San Francisco:
Egfcw,^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
fcSgwfffcafcv May 1, 6, 11. IS. 21. 28. 31.
3p££"^JW. June 5. Change to company's
1 steamers at Seattle.
Kwl^va V\y For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
I SE®fcrfV l Eai c -)- Fort Town.«end. Seattl*.
• *K^*^y, *.J£Jj-M racoma. Kverett. Anacortes
• and New Whatcom f"Wash->—
a *« 11 a, m.. May 1. 6. 11. 16. 21,
26. 31. June 5 and every fifth day thereafter.
Changre at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Rv.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. r at Vancouver to C. P. Ky.
For Eureka. Hurnboldt Bay— 1:30. p. m.. May
3. 8, 13, 18, 23, 2S, June 2. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo <Loa An-
peles)— Steamer Queen. "Wednesdays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sunday?. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
acos. Pert Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Banta Barbara. Ventnra. Hueneme, San Pedro,
"East San Pedro (Los An?eles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Friday*. 9 a. m.: steamer Bo-
nita. Tuesdays,- 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Mapdalena Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo, Mayatlan. Altata, Las Pat Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (ilex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month. _,
For further Information obtain company^
folders.
The comaany reserves the ri«ht to change
jsteamers. saPinsr dnt»n and hours of sailing
without r"-»vintis notice.
TICKET OFFT€E —4 New ' Montt^msry
street (Palace HoteH.
GOODALL. PTCFKINS & CO.. Gen. Ajft*..
10 Market ft.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO,
Only Steamshio Line to
PORTLAND, Or., *
And Short Rail Li~e from PoT»tlnnd to fit
prints East. Through t : cket* to all
points, nil »»r>J' t «te'»n > «i'''n and rail, at
LOWKST IIATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. cr>I,U?«lBIA SafH May 13. 23. June 2. 12
SS GEO "W. FI.BrR. Fails Mav 8. U. 28. June 7
D: "W. HITCHCOCK. General Agr<»nt.
1 Montgomery St., S. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
•tew r K. srnTH'urrof. r.o»DO5. pahis.
Stopplnp at Cherbourg, westbound. #
F,rom Xew York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St 'Louis.... May 15 St. Paul jnn« 1!>
St. Paul May 2^ St. Tx>uis June n
St. Louis June -.3 St. Paul July 10
RED STAR LINE.
New York anr) AntwerD.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark ......May 1S| Zeeland June 5
Pennland May 22j Friesland June 13
Kenslnctoi*. ..:..May 23', Potrthwark June 19
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
CHAf. D. TATLOR.
General Asr«nt Pacific Coast. 33 Montgomery st.
oceasics.sxe.ssi
SS. ' SIERRA "(via Honolulu) i for Samoa,
New Zealand and Australia
Thursday. May 9. 10 a. m.
SS.- ZEALANDIA (Honolulu onlv)
Saturday. May IS, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti.-. . ;
.-.Sunday. June SO, at. 4 p. m.
J. D.SPEECRELS k BH08. CO., fenaral Agents. 327 Barht St
Sw'l Passsntpr OSir?. 643 H^rt?t St.. Ffcrja. I Pac-ti-; St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
> nci CIA SUD AV.ER1C 1NA E VAPOUR ".
To Valparaiso, stopplns ¦ at Mexican.' Central
and South American ncrts. Sailing Fremont-
ftreet Wharf, 12 m.
GUATEMALA. ..May 1.1LOA ."...June 12
PALEXA .......May MlTUCAPEL ......June 27
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) .Freight. and
passenprer orBce. 316 California street. ¦
BALFOUR. GUTHR1E A CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R.R.S'^
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $103; Stecras*. " $-to.
8. S. Arftyll sails Saturday, May 11
S. S. I.eelanaw sails Monday,'. Jane 3
S. S. Argyll *.' soils Monday. " June 24
.From Fremont-street Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and . passenger office,. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOBITTM. I THE EJEPOBJUat. v^| ? THE EMPORIUM. .
v ¦••..-¦•¦ • ¦"¦ ¦ - ,.-.-.¦*"". * ¦ . ....... . . ¦ • " . • ¦ • «
I Last Day of the Ladies' E€ssS Gtove Sale* $
I ¦ Twq Gs*®at Mattmg S$$®®is$!s* |
I Wash Saiior Suits 03g* |
| And a host of other ineomparable offerings, sush as daily attract the %
%¦ crowds to the big siore, and never disappoint* $
1 Bo lK S f iio^ $3*50 ®i®we& ormaaGopaa Millinery Sale |
$| Wash Suets, 63c g* BB s 4^ &1 #O r , %** eot a L S ? Se * ™ Mk cwi*«-,m«- x
| Boys' $1.0) Wa«h <l?&Ss E® mp 8 a S %9a Goods Worth Up to 65c a Yard at 39c— /IB" lcan S°mbreroj -$
flf /*e£|§^ S.'llor Suits Forages tV U- k A Ail-wool Serges, Chsviots and Suitings, all 30c — Real Mad- *<j
*" M^fli 3 to i o yean* large as- * *~^ *-^e> StOFe flclS made F1O new and des:rable and very useful for outing • ' J^^^^^^^f caa <loiloIe ltraw 2
E $LZW sortmenttose ? ectfrcm: fcett'ef fflOVe Offering in the' BuitS an v mi;tcS ' Wear ' in the S^S" therc ->^^^^^^^ Sombreros; a splen- g
tf - J^kh>^ ma'erial positively fast f f ' -rC arc about 15 co'ors; .the Cheviots and Mixed /^gj^-^E^52r did, i»pn S , dura- #
]£ ' td&M}zr%%!\ co!ore; well maie and P'ISt IWO yeSFS^ I fieSe Q.T6 Su'tings arc in neat, stylish mixtures; not a »*«««a"*^ y a vacation hat; .IT
£ KWfiMXL r«^e=cfiC'n?;?oldng- the Vei"V best Si CO 2lOVeS do thesc EOods worth Iess than 5 OC » the regularly 50c, special to-day and OQ *
ft ¦ ifflfSll r* WS s?-c'al sa'c W-^n-cday tllat %TQ made, 111 all the we rcark them special, to-day *$&-* Trimmed . X
| ffliiifwlf m ' Y '"- B3C neW C0l:>rm - 5 and tee^t °n:y, per yard *$&& Hats^ " Afl^J '
i-#MVpb ""io;v $i.5o w«h styles . glace and sueds Special Safes of g : »J |^^^ ; S
J M 5arorSu:t s -For ag:s kid. two pa ent cla^p slace SMs*tis~DirGSSe&^ Si W^SsT %
$ II r 3 a^W c Si n /TT kid.nvp-clasp pique **- $7.50, J8.50 New $s.oa- S
I I Jl sXX f^t "In w:th Paris P° int backs, /T\ Skirts $S.9S - A *™ g
—^ 0=^W"^' every suit perfect ! y cut ar <l woman's im'tation Dent gloves / \ tp!encid .'ot of navy "?J *H$jf £
fi? i-^~ll^=" and well made; ifbousht with two clasps, all' fitted at OH" I l\ oIae F*f Tl1 - J[™~ K* ' X
% A^ \T in ¦ 'i 1 - 6 M reg "' ar wa y 'covn'ers and wirrmted, until 6 / !\ iiantin= skirts.; aw ewlots \ •? / x
S °^ i . would se 1st 'i.j: and » i t - -i- i • • »_• 1 ' I- il\ back cheviot?, tnm- '. c rV— «« X
% $u 5 o; special Wednesday only tfftgV o dock to-nght, at the astonishingly k^ti}X med and P^ n 5 «" ° ' J^L *
$ Cff^© lowprice, per pair. . . *g JSS*^ " ** DIWCSt S^itHJc and .tyUah. Trimmed Hat,; our g
V : . • • •¦.••¦• *P Ba M *f tyZ2Q-!&>>\ *T S S^ C5 -T" own making; of on y 'the newwt, besc and «
K «-^« *** « —Z '—^r ' YJ£[1P*£ZS 7 *' • on^- W! c th ? ot perfectly cornet mateHab. These M are 5
£* tszriif**' g£toWn*Z m*a**B§Bg &MS&9 - are made wti the J We have priced them lower thaa »
§ R.&ea?G$ fl»«J!Aff»S* Two oxSra * neC J?IS fOf tO' kcSt dr <« I ™ ker if fin « h » le5t Llun S; «ua!to make, buiy week. To-day and balance •«
g Ladies' Tennis Fhnncl Gowns, that day, Wednoe sSay, orr#y- • J2J, /„• ° $5*SB of wee '*« S5.OO, S6.O0, $7.OO g
ff we have aways sold for j^c each; fu : l$ize,' . , r!ar.d.ma"'e Lintn Warp evitin «¦> Cft'tVn nn'-«j «7 Cft*T,?T«« and 4JS,|iO for hats that look worth double. X'
tf gcod cloh, ecpecia'ly desirable for camping ¦ . ' Matthtfs -In reJ, bines, 53^ 00 ' $32 ' 50 ' $30 ' 00 Md 527 - S0 Tal!Of : «5
K pirooses. on special -rale to-day only (a to a ' : '^^^ K oliand gr.-en; art and Dresses, now $25.00— More than 75 styles SSSGSisi SslG Of %
g. customer), eac^ . . 5 'C fC^^W « <&*** & 1 standard of c Tailor now $*S-O° } many 1 JV7* w- *
ft! Choice Of two fine Cambric Gowns, one • goeds; a- rca-ting that is , of them were as high as ) 35 .oo; aU sizes, aJ fiflgn'S Hattdk'fS. 5 Cm *
I of al tucks and .'ace instrti n yo^e, lace en WMMmA dually so^d for, 30-. per ZonS^ 1 no" 325,00 A leading handkerchief Importer who desired to S
Jf cuffi and neck; th: other with fine tucked Ill^W^ yard (or |ia.co perTol) x-ton vt.sxs, now ywww • con fine his business strictly to .ilk haniker- -J
new sty!e voke, tucked embroidery ruffl: on 1 *{$^aW$£S> on sprc'al ta'.e to-day oa!y, &2*e*f%S*ig* *5?Z*ts* chiefs closed out to us all that hs h^d left in $
ft edie of voke, tucks and em l roidery on cuffs' WJ^^nWl pCI> r °" ° f fi "V 7fi! xr D , • 5 i j , ,'• • stock of men's cambric handkerchiefs at less X
% wash silk ribbon arcund neck; the* gcw.is M?fcl» 4 ° yardS " ' ' " & * • J " medlum " nd . darJ ? colonn f than cost of manufacture. *
X .'ways sold ftr $1.50; • gpecal today on'- wi^ML^g^ Hand - made Nruassa ">tulmg navy, garnet, back, etc., grounds; Th . lct ; ncIude3 cambric hemstitched handker- '*
I Grocery Specials, WM^'-JZte WMmttSSM h^SttttZt* I
& » Laundry Soaa— Proctor & GambVs Lrnox, .^^^^S^^^^^^B^S" ls usuall y £old " -~ ~ I bunched together and marked to do«e fl?—, X
SS" an A 1 kitchen soap; to-day only, 9 bars -'^^^^^^^^^^fftt,^1 for 35 C P" (&S2S IL&&23& on Wednesday and Thursday, each «U?«Lr -^
% Soda Crackers-Fresh and Crisp, i|-Koxe«: » f!£:^^^^P^ perroU),cn iWanUGS i&Gm Q . ¦ , g
fg rsgularlv 45', to-day. 33c '- "><^i^\ special sale "^^^" T^ c popular 20th Century vpSCMCMM .#rs-r^>
•? Ghirardelli's Ground Chrcolate, i-'b. tins; to-<?ay only, pe ro I of 40 9cZ double wire frame mantle, with O-s##» (fJ@^$S
£. regu ary 30c, to-^ay ; 25C y ardj " &Om^S9 j^^^ cap and gaUge attachment > fics W«*f? (*SiZ£&<\(. %
.- Bcnek'S Sardines — Daudicol'e & Gaudn; u- P^- Welsbach or any other burners; B !5ir4!caG* /sffl^T^f^^
j^ day, 2 tins 25 7 S¥^SSSiiS §*$iGa the mant'c hanging from the cen- ILBlZlilGS i^/^^^ V
A* Grjpe Nuts— Great b-ain food, a very nutritious r~ n B— * S" **"% &*&& ter ot th= double wire frame, «5<» -,#,--,*.—,„ %rfSs2^ '«
and palatable breakfast muh;. reguary sue OUS JFOSiOSf 2£i»Cm Wm» which do.-s not'Bend from ieat; imBCKWGarm . ~X| fa J^W X
piekage: to-da?, 2 packages 25c A chance to rep'.eni h your music coliecton at Wffi&x, outla.ts a 1 ordinsry mantles; any J50 dozen Lldics* Over. 5
K c i f mon— Guaranty b;an'; to-day, 3 tin.5, 25 *? little co:t to-day; wje offer our entire stock of $$$%$ c^ ;d can P ut them on; equal co li ar . t 27 varet'ei tSS^JTS-/ %
fc] Mackerel — Choice new fish; 3 for . . . .-25C the Na'.i >nal Music Company's 50c foios at V Wf^-^f to any 35c mant'e mafe; on . , ' . '¦&
JC ' . the special price Wednesday \£L^£)W special sale to-day,. r% of fine Swis3 embroidery 5 yjf^+JvC Sl5
?• B „ fi» r ' ' cn > • • dS3O *^ ony mSSG »ko edged with Valen " f \^«Jft S r ' X
V eL$G8§U®$* XZ&£®£®M cienncs lace; this season's I^JfSf'yiMfi
» • —_—»__ .' _ - regular 45c collar; spe- I /W If If
J» Champion Whiskey — Our regu'ar $3.00 p.r 3|| Wtt i^3\>^3 I'^W' bert y J^k; edged with L&J l ! 1g
ga'.lon quality; on spec'al sale to-day (Wednes- _, <S^ttMU»*» r^ y »* chenille and finished with % ¦ |IV . "«J
g dav) on'v, ga'lon $2*4 J P*" B^CBE^ lonS chcni ~ e "reamers; t \ft '*
*g London Club Gin — R-gularly {1.00 boit'e, _^ regularly fa.eo: special !«• / -Vt 5
I on special sale Wednesday ......... 85C C ALI FORNIA'S LARGEST-- AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE to-day, each . . \$) jS
j£ljH M. Pasteur, of France, invented a process for kill-
*?il| ing all possible germs in a product, and we use it. W&l
am After each bottle of Schlitz beer is filled and sealed jrj
t^M This is an extreme precaution. The beer is brewed igSjl
ft|» in extreme cleanliness, cooled in filtered air, then I|m1{
jte^ filtered. It seems impossible for a taint of impurity to O(J
get to it. Yet we sterilize every bottled jSpa
&S^ We, who know brewing, know the value of purity, g^
Egg We add vastly to the necessary cost of our beer to P?w
I gs assure it. You who drink it get the healthful results- of Qj£]
fog| our precaution. Your physician knows; ask him. " Piij
l/tVI Tbone Main HI, Sherwood & Sherwood, 212-14 Market St., San Francisco. l^wl
Hsn [verv Bottle Sterilized E^KlIt is now asserted that Kitchener never approved of
Roberts' ; strategy in South Africa. He claims' that
while Roberts covered a great deal of ground and cap
tured all the important places he scattered the Boers
instead of rounding them up and ending the war. The
criticism seems just; but it must be remembered the
Boers were as wary of Roberts as. th,ey are of Kitch
ener, and perhaps the rounding up couldn't be ac
complished. • •
There is 'said to be a great deal of uneasiness over
the , extraordinary speculation in Wall street, but it
will be noted that those who have stuck to legitimate
business are not worrying.
An Illinois association opposed to woman suffrage
has issued a manifesto, roundly denouncing the efforts
of the fair sex to vote. It is evident that Mrs. Na
tion would receive somewhat too warm a welcome in
that community to suggest the propriety of her
going there to do something more than vote.
a jury"under fire.
C.ONSIDERABLE discussion has been occa
sioned in the East by what appears to have
been a serious miscarriage of justice in the
case of James Callahan, charged with complicity in the
kidnaping of young Cudahy. The accused man. was
promptly acquitted by the jury, whereupon the presid
ing Judge is reported to have said to the jurors: "It
is impossible for me to conceive how twelve men of
ordinary intelligence could have reached such a con
clusion after hearing the absolutely convincing argu
ments in this case. If Callahan had selected his own
representatives he could not have chosen more wisely
in his own behalf, and if the State, on the other hand,
had chosen, it could not have pointed out twelve men
who would'have been more blind to its interest. I do
not know what motives actuated you in reaching this
decision, but I hope none of you will ever again appear
in this jury-box. You are discharged without the
compliments of the court. The defendant is likewise
discharged, I presume to continue in his criminal
course, as you have failed to check him." /
As the evidence upon which the jury acted has not
been fully reported we have no way of determining
how far the severity of the Judge was justified. Our
Eastern contemporaries, however, almost with one
accord, unite with the Judge in condemning the ac
quittal. It'is said there is no evidence that the jury
was bribed or in any other way tampered with, but
the counsel for .Callahan made, a direct appeal to
prejudice against the rich, and succeeded in winning
the verdict of the jury in that way. One report says
the jurors "regarded it as a- fight between wealth and
poverty, and do not seem to have considered either
the extremely criminal character of the offense nor
the boy's deprivation of liberty and the possibility' of
his being murdered had not his father paid down the
ransom."
The case is a peculiar one and, should be investi
gated. It is hard to believe an American jury would
deliberately acquit a criminal solely, because his of
fense had been committed against a rich man; and
yet it is equally hard to believe a Judge would from
the bench make so severe an accusation against a jury
without some foundation. The issue is one of high im
portance. It would be an ominous sign indeed if in
our courts there should grow up distrust and antag
oni&m between Judges and juries. Class prejudices in
the jury-box would be as •dangerous to public welfare
as would corruption on the bench, and anything that
tends -fo raise a grave suspicion of a miscarriage of
justice brought about'-by such prejudices ought to
have. the earnest attention of; the public, to the end
that the evil may be checked at the start.
SPECULATION IN NEW YORK.
REPORTS from New York .are to the effect
that never before haS the city beem so crowded
with strangers for any considerable length of
time. The crowds are not like the swarms that came in
to attend the Dewey reception, or that have thronged
in the city on other festal occasions, for those re
mained hardly more than a day, while the present
crowd has been about the hotels- and the streets for
weeks and promises to remain until well into the sum
mer. It has gathered not to make a holiday, but to
get rich. It has been drawn from all parts of the
country by reports of speculative activity in Wall
street, and is made up almost wholly, of speculators.
One report says: "The extravagance of the time
has never been equaled. * * * . The idea seems to
be that . everything will rise in value and keep on
rising; that there is no top notch, and no chance of
falling. It is said that the old hands at the game have
begun to be afraid and are standing aside, but they
are not missed. Everybody who can raise a margin is
buying, and as so many are gathering in profits there
is no dearth of spenders. The hotels, the restaurants,
the theaters, the shops, are crowded with, throngs who
demand the best and pay for it. No holiday' season
has equaled the lavishness of spending on the part
of those who have grown able so suddenly and easily.
There is a daily carnival of self-indulgence." ' ¦ . •>
On a single day last week over 3,300,000 shares of
stock Were bought and recorded. It is but a short
time ago when that would have been deemed a good
business for a whole week. Great as the record is,
however, it does not tell the whole story. It is esti
mated by experts that in addition to the transactions
recorded there were on that same day sold upward of
500,000 shares that were not reported. Nor does even
that complete the tale, for over and above all stock
transactions among men there' was considerable ac
tivity among the brokers who deal with women specu
lators. " ' '
The lady patrons of the exchange are by no means
few, nor are their purchases on slight value. A rep
resentative of the New York Sun who visited a "pri
vate office" where women assemble to speculate
found seventy-five of them there at one time. The
visit was made on the invitation of a member of the
firm occupying the office, who had said: "You go
down to the Stock Exchange and you think that there
is a good deal of activity. A stranger might be par
doned for thinking that hell had broken loose. If
you'll come up into my office for a short time and
take in what is going on you may be pardoned for
concluding that' a considerable number of the Furies
have gone on' a picnic.",
While the reporter was looking around and noting
the eagerness of the women the broker said: "Most
of these women are putting on more airs in the
way of dress now than they did four months ago.
As you see, most of. them are regular peacocks.
Four months ago most of them were of the wren
variety. The milliners and the dressmakers and the
shoemakers and the glove shops must- be doing a
rushing business on Wall street profits. And, I would
have you to know, most of our customers are now al
together above such a trivial thing as carfare. They
hire hansoms and broughams and automobiles now.
That woman over there (the particular woman was
designated) didn't seem to be particularly affluent
when she was introduced here shortly after the first
of January. Maybe she had money to burn, but she
didn't look like it. Now she has a brougham and a
pair of horses and two men on the box, and she runs
to rubies and. pearls that would give a lapidary fits
and starts." .
It is not American dressmakers and jewelers only
who are profiting by the outbreak of extravagance.
The. Sultan of Turkey seems to think that because
he has bought a warship from an American firm he
neet 1 not pay for the Armenian outrages. He may
find to his cost that it is not the ship but the men "on
it who make Uncle Sam dangerous when he goes
a-gunning.
INDIAN RANGE LANDS.
THE Indian Rights Society is a self-sacrfficing
organization, maintained for the purpose of se
curing the rights which belong to the tribes
and fragments of tribes which were once owners of
the soil on which they live now by sufferance.
One of the most grievous wrongs to which the In
dians were found to be subjected was the encroach
ment upon the grazing lands of their reservations by
white stock-owners. First crowding out the Indians
the whites crowded each other in a scramble for use
of the forage that grew on the range. Then the
sheep c^me along, crowded out cattle and horses, and
proceeded to destroy the range entirely, repeating
within the Indian reservations the harm they had al
ready done on the public domain outside.
When attention .was called to this state of things
the Interior Department adopted the policy of leasing
the Indian land to stock men, making them pay for
its use. Immediately the *situation changed, the lands
were eagerly leased, their forage protected, and now
they are restored to their priniitive condition of fer
tility. The large revenue derived is placed to the
credit of the tribes owning the land, and between the
reservation pastures and the fed-out ranges on the
public domain appears the contrast between the desert
£nd the sown. The reservations are like oases in the
blear waste that common use of the public range has
created around them. This object lesson makes one
wish that there might be organized a "white man's
rights society," to protect the property of all the
people in the stock ranges on the public domain. A
revenue of $10,000,000 a year is being lost by the use
of those ranges as commons, and their potential
wealth is being permanently destroyed by the extir
pation of their grasses.
When President McKinley made his first address in
New Mexico, on Monday, he found statehood de
manded on every banner that fluttered in front and
overhead. Speaking pleasantly to the people, he said
that statehood would come when favored by the will
of Congress, and meantime, said he, "You need more
people and more rain."
A voice from the crowd answered, "We want to be
connected with you so as to get more rain.". This
meant that as a State, with two Senators and a voting
member of the House, New Mexico would add her
Congressional strength to -the movement to force ir
rigation appropriations into the river and harbor bill
and compel the Federal treasury to take up the bur
den of storing storm waters to make the arid West
fertile. Yet New. Mexico has within her borders as
public domain a public asset and property which,
leased as are the Indian lands, would give her more
money for irrigation than she can hope ever to get out
of the Federal treasury- Her increasing aridity is due
to the destruction of her stock ranges by their use
as free commons. An area in that territory which
once supported 150,000 head of cattle does not now
feed • 1500. It is fed-out and gone back to desert.
Yet had it been under leasehold control its grasses
would be as good as ever and its stock carrying ca
pacity as great.
The Federal treasury is now carrying about as
many enterprises as the majority of the taxpayers feel
like paying for. . We are certain that the East is not
averse to Western development, but when New Mex
ico tells the President she "wants in" the Union in
order to fertilize her lands at the expense o^ the
treasury, the taxpaying millions of farmers east of
the Mississippi will no doubt reflect that they are in
the Union, and it is not fertilizing, fencing, plowing
nor 6eeding their lands for them. They are joint
owners of the public domain, just as the Indians, are
joint owners of the reservations which the Govern
ment is so beneficially leasing. Their property in that
domain has been used "for years without rent or any
compensation, and now, in addition to this free use
and waste of their property, they are. asked- to pay
taxes to water and fertilize the farms of others lying
in the same region.
Will it not be perfectly reasonable for them to re
fuse this double sacrifice, and will it not be wise for
the West to consent to the leasing of the ranges and
devotion of the proceeds to irrigation? If this is not
done the issue will soon be acute in Congress, and
every new arid State admitted increases the power to
overload the river and harbor bill and block all legis
lation until it is forced through, •
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
THE CALXr— L. O. D., Palo Alto. The.
Call was established December 1, 1838. It
was an original publication and was not
the successor of the Town Talk or an
other publication. ~;"''
TWO WORDS— A Subscriber. City. Cus
pidor, also written cuspidore. Is from the
Portuguese, and Jaidlnlere Is from th»
French. The latter term Is appllcablo to
a flower stand, a fancy pot In which to
place flowers, to tho wife of a gardener
and to a family French soup.
VISITORS-Reader, Berkeley, Cal. Vis
itors are admitted to the United States
Branch Mint in San Francisco every
working day from 9 to 11 o'clock In the
forenoon. Visitors to the Union Iroa
Works are admitted only by special per
mit, to bo obtained from the office ot the
• SAN FRANCISCO— G. M.. City. Tho
Presidio is a military reservation belong
ing to the United States. It is within the
territorial limits of the city and county of
San Francisco. The boundary lines of the
city of San Francisco and of the county
of San Francisco have been Identical
since the consolidation In 1353. Alcatraz
Island and Goat or Yerba Buena Islands
are in the city and county of San Fran
cisco, so are the Farallones.
SECOND HOMESTEAD ENTRY-J. B.
M., Montague, Cal. The following circu
lar, issued by the General Land Office at
"Washington to the registrars and receiv
ers at United States land offices,. Is an
answer to' your question relative to sec
ond homestead entries:
Tour attention Is called to the provisions of
sections 2 and 3 of the act of Congress en
titled "An act for the relief of th« Colorado
Co-operative Colony; to permit second home
steads in certain cases, and for other pur
poses," approved June 5, 1900 (Public No. 148).
a copy of which sections Is hereto attached.
Section 2 provides that any person who has
theretofore made homestead entry and com
muted the same under section 2301. Revised
Statutes, and the amendments thereto, shall
be entitled to the benefits of the homestead
law as though such former entry had not been
made, but commutation under section 2301.
Revised Statutes, shall not be allowed of an
entry made under this section.
Section 3 provides that any person who.
prior to the passage of this act, has made a
homestead entry, but for any cause has lost
or forfeited the same, shall be entitled to the
benefits of the homestead law as though such
former entry had not been made. Therefore,
you -will not hereafter reject a homestead ap
plication on the ground that «the applicant
cannot take the prescribed oath that h» has
not previously made such an entry, or be
cause he has perfected title under section 2301.
Revised Statutes, to land entered under the
homestead law; but he will be required to
show by afndavit designating the entry for
merly made by description of the land, num
ber and date of entry, ok other sufficient data,
to enable me to Identify the same on the rec
ords of this office, and that it was forfeited
or commuted, as the. caae may be. prior to the
passage of the act.
In any' case where the former entry was
made subsequent to the date of the act. ths
rule given on pare 13. Circular of July 11. 1889.
remains unchanged. It will be observed that
an entry made under section 2 cannot be per
fected by commutation under section 2301. Re
vised Statutes.
The fact that applicants have purchased, nn
der the provisions of the act of March 2, 1889
(25 Stat.. 981), lands patented to the Flathead
Indians in Montana, shall not be held to have
impaired or exhausted their homestead rights
by or on account, of any such purchase.
SUMMER RATES at Hotel del Corcnado.
Coronado Beach. ,CaL. effective after April 15.
JCO for round trip, including 15 days at hotel.
Pacific Coast S. S. Co.. 4 New Montgomery st.
A CHAUCE TO SMHJ2.
."The old man seems mightily pleased
with himself," said Mr. Grlndner's coach
man.
"Sure," said the cook.. "He's been sav
ing all his burned matches for six months,
and this morning he found he had enough
for me to start the kitchen fire -with."—
Indianapolis Press.
Harry— Girls take things so literally, you
know.
Fred— As for example? . "
Harry— Five years ago, when my sister
was 25. I wished her many happy returns.
•And, if you'll believe it, her twenty-fifth
birthday returns regularly every year.—
Boston Transcript.
' ""WTiat do you find In that stupid old
paper to keep you so busy?" petulantly
asked Mrs. Youngcouple.
"I was Just looking at the money mar
ket." he answered.
"Oh, do »they have a money market?
Are there ever any bargains?" — Indianap
olis Press.
"Charley, dear," said young Mrs. Tor
kins, "I hope you are not departing from
the precepts of our forefathers and allow
ing yourself to be dazzled by tho pomp
and elltter of emolre?" •
"What book did you get that out of?"
asked her husband.
"No book," she answered stoutly. "I
remembered some of It after reading a
newspaper article. But I hope you have
not abandoned your old principles. Last
night you were talking in your sleep, and
you said several times that all you wanted
was another king to make you all right.
And after the trouble we had with George
III. it does seem perfectly foolish."—
Washington Star.
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit EOc per lb at Townsend's.*
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound." in fire-etched boxes or Jan bas
kets. 639 Market. Palace Hotel building.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping- Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Novels, poems and sentiment "to thecon
trary. no man starting out to win a girl's
love ever had reason for discouragement.
Care, worry and anxiety whiten the hair too
early. Renew it with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Htadercorns. the best cure for corns. 15 ct».
a A T/rrvmTTT A tts HT WJ3W "YORK.
NEW YORK, May 7.— Tho following:
Callfornians are In New York: From San
Francisco— C. Bradley, at St. Denis: "W.
Hagenbotham, M. Hagsenbotham. F.
Lindsay, at Broadway Central; H. Rohlfa.
T. E. Greene, at St. Cloud; A. MacMlllan.
at Hoffman: G. W. Smyser. F. Taylor, at
Herald Square: F. E. "Ware, at Gllsey.
From Los Angeles — L. H. Batchelor, at
Herald Square: A- Fleishman , Miss Carrla
Carey, Mrs. J. A. Hendy, at Murray Hill.
From San Jose— M. H. Crothers. at
Grand Union.
HAYWARDS AND THE PRESIDENT.
WHILE there is so much scrambling in the
eagerness of all classes of people to obtain
something of a visit from the President
during his tour of the State it is gratifying to find
one locality that asks nothing more than what mod
esty itself could approve. That locality is Haywards.
The Presidential train is to pass through the town on
the way to Stockton" and Sacramento, and the people
have contented themselves with asking no more than
that in passin'g the train shall move slowly, so that they,
— and particularly the school-children of the city —
may have a chance to see the President.
Such a request should be promptly granted. Hay
wards has not asked anything than can interfere with
the general arrangement of the tour, or delay the
arrival of the President at Stockton or Sacramento.
They have not undertaken to have the train stopped
at their town in order that they might introduce their
prominent citizens and have a speech. They have not
sought in any way to impose a new burden upon the
President, or to add a new complication to the pro
gramme of the day. Their request is moderate, rea
sonable and considerate to all concerned.
The plan proposed is simple. It is the design to
have the school-children drawn up in order near the
railroad track, where all can have a good. view of the
train, and it is desired that the President take his stand
upon the rear platform, where, as the train slowly
moves on its wayi the children mayjiave the chance
to see the President of the republic.
The railroad officials are said to have the request
under consideration. It- should not take them long
to determine upon a favorable response. To pass
Haywards at a slow rate would' not long delay the
train, and it could easilymake. up the lost time. It is
to be hoped the request can be granted and that the
school-children of Haywards may carry with them
among the recollections of their schooldays a memory
of the time they saw President McKinley.
CAUPOBUXAJtfS IN WASHHTGTON
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 7.— W. H.
Sherwood of San Francisco Is at the
Shoreham.
Washington City has jusfiaid the cornerstone of
a public library building, the gift of Andrew Carnegie.
Aj there were no ceremonies of any kind it is fair to
assume that" if the people of Washington have not
enough public spirit to erect a library at their own
expense, they are at least conscious that in accepting
'one as a gift they ought not to brag about it.
By Mary Hart well Oatherwood,
AUTHOR OF "THE STORY OF TONTT," "THE BELLS OF. STE. ANNE,
. "THE ROMANCE OP DOLLARD," ETC.
Club Life of American -Women. Is Revo
lutionizing the Strange Ways and
'.. ¦ Customs of the Last Century.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
. The San Francisco Call
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
sto'?"
"Do you never talk with other men In
the bottom of the drug store?"
Basil shrugged.
"Dat not egspenalble."
"19 the club a great expense?"
"Dey pay some rent, some books, fiey
heat some t'ings hevery week."
"You would object to your wife's Join
ing a club?"- ' .
"It don't so be no fun; ma woman and
dat h'out He have some troub' If he do
dat!" ' - .
The little girl slipped her arm around
Basil, under his coat, and laughed. .
"I said: "I'm disappointed. I have been
told the little expenses of women's clubs
are j greatly overbalanced by their
benefit."
"Aw rike," tho Illinois habitant as
sented, politely making way for my opin
ion. •
"And that women were never so closely
in touch with the world's work as at pres
ent."
The Babies in the Souse.
"Aw rike," he grunted. But put forth
as his own view: "Me, I tlnk fifteen .bebes
in de' ouse Is plenty club."
"Ma doesn't think so," the little girl at
his side piped up in the American tongue.
"Oh, you bebe, what do" you know about
it?" said Basil, pulling her ear.
It really seemed that a woman who
maintained such an organization at home
might sometimes like a change of clubs.
"Don't you think the fact that our
mothers and grandmothers were not club :
members influences us more than any
other objections we can bring?" I sug
gested.
"But what good is to for talk, talk, talk,
be noiza!"
"Women are studying and discussing
authors," I quoted from my friend's let
ter. "They are seeking expression them
selves. If your wife had Joined the club
you would no doubt notice changes in her
manner of talking." The lltie girl
laughed again and Basil shrugged.
"Ma woman, he talk plenty," said Basil.
My Imagination began to picture his
mate an overburdened drudge, whom he
probably worked in the field as well as in
the house. However, if she held to the
traditions of her grandmothers she would
enjoy life and make her cares light and to
this tho bright-eyed little girl seemed to
testify.-
Men are. sometimes unreasonably per
sistent. For instance, a man will per
sist In carrying your umbrella for you and
he is sure to dribble the rain on your hat
while he protects the back of his own
collar, or to lay the umbrella down and
lose it. The Illinois habitant showed a
stubborn prejudice against the club spirit
of the age, though all the reasons he
could marshal were the expense of organs
zation and his own conviction that a
woman ought to abide in the house. •
The Little Girl Gives Information.
Evidently there was nothing more to
say and I had Basil's views. I learned just
what I expected to learn. The little girl,
who kept her arm around her father and
seemed amused by him, had something to
Impart before the conference ended.
'•Ma's been invited to the Woman's Club
all winter and she's gone every time and
says she's going to join."
"Ba jeemanyi" exclaimed Basil, startled
out of his politeness. He toed Inward,
like an Indian.
"Now, you know you won't do any
thing,", said the little girl. "If ma wants
to go to the club you'll let her go to the
club. You always let us have our own
way in the family."
Basil grinned and .though I had told him
I was disappointed by his position it real
ly hurt me to see him back down. For'I
am a conservative myself, and secretly
agreed with him that the habits of cen
turies should not be disturbed, and marry
mans are not the same as no gal mans.
He had the grace of not being too seri
ous about anything, and observed: "Dls
gone be fun. I find dat h'out!"
"She said you didn't care." pursued the
little girl. "And you don't care. You just
pretend you do."
"Go on you 'ouse, bebe." said Basil.
"De mos'. for what I been 'fraid is you
git too noiza."
"Come with roe. then." begged the child.
"I see 1 gone change my mind," " he
laughed. "If ma woman go. on club h'evry
week, dat's be aw rike yestida."
When this Illinois habitant touched his
cap and swung off along the street with
1 his outspoken offspring I went my own
way, forecasting what the woman's club
•was going to do In his family. ¦
Clubs, Women and Literature.
If women- need outlets from their own
homes — and I am told there is a great cry
for such outlets— they -will rush into clubs,
and club life Is revolutionizing the ways
of the last century. Perhaps it is selfish
to love one's own accustomed haunts and
books, to the exclusion of the world. I
feel wicked when certain library shelves
attract me too strongly and clean-cut
French becomes preferable to conversa
tion. Women who have not been brought
up on books miss the calmest Joy of life.
Yet there are many who cannot bear their
own company and seek fervently to herd
. Basil Monceau's wife, trained at the
side of my friend, the country aristocrat,
would come out at the end of a club sea
son a different and progressive habltante.
On her part she could help an aristocrat
with very solid qualities. The only danger
in all this exchange is that we may merge
ourselves into a general conglomerate so
that each woman will not be distin
guished as herself, but as a "club wo
man." . - ,
Though everybody is writing ephemeral
books, the study of literature is becoming
savingly common. Distinctions between
.literature and non-literature are occupy
ing many who think they know. But if
I were submitting a book to the ultimate
test, that test would be such an humble
unspoiled reader as the Illinois habitant
or his wife. Fine writing rolls oft his im
pervious^hide as dew rolls off his pumr£
kins. Only f the truth about humanity
penetrates him. The Illinois habitant
would know a fine action when he «nw
one. He tells white lies himself but hX
will not tolerate pretense for real fpplnc?
His taste cannot always be commanded
Delicate turns of expression are lost mi
him. You may. do your work with o
whitewash brush— as a popular actor sav«
are made. But he will toleratl no
coarseness, no weakness of Inward struc-
Tbe; books which endure from genera'
tlon to generation filling slowly j£3Tf d
ranks or actual literature, have beln
loved by the common people; books which
came out of the lives of their writpW£}?2
throes of labor and entered Tthi 1™^ £
their readers as strong influences -
Letters programmes from " various
parts of the country prove that^wnmii,"!
clubs are studying the real thlnra £??S»
erature. .Wisely a great many S of them
began with .the American branch nf ti™.
English tree.* From elect books O f „£$!
authors -members like Basil Mom!£»,^
wife can be led gently on to "iawSS^
All; this makes f or ¦ the high tnlnking
which we are slow to combine Vth ni.^ s
living. No doubt the Sos" £S&au%?
when they take second thought about
clubs and club work, : will agree with i^l
Illinois habitant-"dat's j^S- rTkeVe^
sets them to studying and improving
themselves." "r,, , -
"Give dat weemen plenty club, grinnea
Basil. .-'¦«:'•..'
"You really don't like women s clubsr
The habitant sunk his handa Into nla
pockets and looked around with a wary
eye.
"Some man, she don't like it."
"I can't understand why a man should
oppose what improves the women of nis
family." ,.
"Ma woman not need improve, said
Basil. "He aw rike. He good enough wo
man."
"You don't want her to be a member or
the club?" ,
"Marry mans is not de same as no gal
mans," he explained. "Marry mans, sne
want de woman and da bebes In de house.
Do I hax him for to git marry and not be
hole maid, for run to club on top de drug
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
XU.—THE ILLINOIS HABITANT AND THE WOMAN'S CLUB.
When you want historical facts it Is
best to go after them yourself and get
them rirst hand: for there are so many
liars that darken knowledge with false
traditions. In like manner, when contem
porary matters interest you, such as the
influence and tendencies of clubs, it is
wise to take direct testimony from un
biased witnesses. And the man who can
have the least bias toward federations of
women is the Illinois habitant.
His fathers came years ago from Que
bec province, out of which th'ey brought
no nonsense. The progress of his adopted
State makes his head swim, but does not
move him any faster on that account. He
la the most conservative of her. citizens.
I had heard of him and even seen him.
As we encountered on the street of— let
us say— Ste. Adelaide, I knew I was going
to get unadulterated masculine opinion of
a prevailing modern tendency.-
His name was Basil Monseau. He looked
as if he enjoyed life. And why shouldn't
he?— living always well within his means,
having few wants, and a good farm of
his own. The priest looked after his soul,
and his wife looked after his house and
family. Our conversation began with
some surprise on his pant, though he
warmed to the subject; feeling the superi
ority of the male creature, but being truly
polite and not forcing- that superiority
into prominence.
It was not polite' to say, "X am seeking
unbiased opinions of women's clubs and
their bearing on the intellectual life of
women." Basil Monceau would have
shied polJteiy and escaped down a Ste.
Adelaide alley, with all his unbiased opln
•ions. He Is a much more reticent individ
ual than one of the aristocrats of a small
town. Nowhere else on earth are there
such aristocrats as the social leaders of
small towns. This one had successfully
founded a woman's club, and I her testi
mony in the shape of a letter I held in my
hand at the moment of encountering the
Illinois habitant. .'. \'
Need of a Women's Club.
She wrote; "I realized that there were
so many good women around me, growing
discouraged in lives of constant self-de
nial. They never expected to know much
of art and literature; they never expected
to travel; they were beginning to feel that
cruelest shame of falling behind their
children in mental attainments. It is a
weak plea when we are obliged to explain
to our children, 'I .had not your advan
tages when I was young.' It betrays the
slave of circumstance. To save our lives
we cannot admire tbe righteous slave of
circumstance as much as we admire the
prevailing rebel who carries all before
him. . \
"The past of these women was a vista Of
hardship. They had not enjoyed that best
of early nurture, the liberty of browsing
through old .libraries. The club opened
opportunities.
"Now, the basis of any club is frater
nity. Indeed., the fraternity of churches
affects the race as powerfully as the reli
gion they teach; ¦
"Band women together in a club, and
social differences, money differences, cul
ture differences, vanish. Each woman is
valued at her true worth and spurred to
increase it. ' She learns her dignity as an
individual. Sh« learna to differ, and even
to argue, without starting a neighborhood
feud. -She learns tolerance: and, if the
club Is what it should be, rises even above
backbiting.
"When we began tho school-girlish oc
cupation of writing papers terrified us.
We took to encyclopedias as refugees
from Noah's flood took to the mountains,
until we got courage to broaden research
and venture on independent thinking.
Why Women Fear Everything.
"The hardest lesson for any human be
ing to learn is not to fear. A mother
ought to teach her child daily, 'Fear noth
ing.' Women are bundles of fear. They
fear poverty, and they fear the responsi
bilities of wealth. They are afraid to get
married, and afraid to be old maids. Bur
glars, lightning, mice, the ballot, scandal,
new ventures, old age, other women— they
fear everything! Their commonest ex
pression Is: *I am afraid.' I know all
about it. I am a woman myself.
"Fear is really a savage instinct, born
of Isolation. Draw a woman out of her
isolation and Bhe is not afraid. I do not
believe women's clubs are bringing us to
intenser life. The discouraged ones are
getting hold of the fact that all which is
called success began with 'I can' and 'I
will.' '
••As to the club movement dying out,
that's nonsense. It Is widening- and throw-
Ing off restrictions; It Is Individualizing;
it Is bringing to a knowledge of the
world's work those who never before
dreamed of * getting out of deadening
routine.
"All Americans read something. Our
members had chaotic imDressions of
books, but few of them knew Goldsmith
from Mark Twain. The thought of study
was formidable. "My school days are
over,' they sighed one after another; be
ginning to perceive that our school days
are never over, I suppose you would be
astonished to hear that we were at first
ashamed of studying.' Nobody Is so un
willing to confess ignorance as the very
ignorant. It turned us dizzy to survey
courses of reading. The study of • an
author seemed a tremendous undertaking.
Growth of Courage in the Club.
"But we are growing bold enough to ex
press criticism of our own. From our own
point of view we argue with or against an
author. He has to appeal to each of us
personally. There is no unanimous audi
ence in our club.
"Now, the queerest , thing of all is that
the women who come out most brilliantly
are the women who once seemed to have
nothing in them! They are a series of
surprises. You find them executive, dig
nified, ready, eager for expression, apt as
students, whereas before the fraternity
spirit set them free they appeared dull
and' cold.
"Perhaps -you'd better consult an out
sider if you want an unbiased ODlnion oa
clubs. You see.- 1 am enthusiastic." -
It was for the purpose of consulting an
outsider that I ¦ approached the gentle,
conservative habitant, as described, and
we tried to come to an understanding; he
to learn what I was driving at and I to
surprise his views.
The Views of the Habitant.
A shrewd looking little girl stood be
side him, sliding her hand in and out. of
his pocket. He fondled her head against
his side; showing that they were on good
terms as father and child. We met on
the sidewalk of the Ste. Adelaide, and I
said: •
"You have a pretty town." It is always
a safe thing to say, and is often true.
"Oh, yes, . good ville." he answered' in
the patois of the Illinois habitant. "Far
maire got plenty h'oats, plenty conn."
"This is your little girl?"
"Ma fille, ma fcebes," he declared with a
wide smile, "is do mos' smartes' bebes in
dB' ville." ¦ -
"Have you a large family?" I asked, like
on industrious census taker. .
"H'only fifteen. I git me plenty." V
"They must keep your wife very busy."
A queer smile crept around Basil Mon
ceau's mouth corners. ' • : ¦¦¦:¦¦'¦ ¦•¦ ;
"I not gone ¦ took devoce from- ma wo
man. • Ma woman, he work good."
"And you're not idle yourself?" ....
"I give him ma money what I make It
de plenty. He not go on top de drug sto'
hevery, week, for talk,, be noiza, in de
club." ¦"'¦* " . '¦ . '¦¦-¦'. ."..-. , '
Now we were coming to the point.
"Is there a woman's club In Ste. Ade
laide?" ..:.^:
, "Oh, yes.''. „
' "A large one? . . '¦-...
"I t'ink so. Oh, dat's great tarn for club
in dis town!"
"What do you think of it?"
"Me? ' I not know anyt'ing about it."
' "But you have your opinion." . ¦ •¦
"I not know anyt'ing about it,'.' he,re
peated. ../.. . ,¦ • . - " r.- ¦>¦'•¦» _
Doubtful Regarding Women's Clubs.
"I have been told that.' club work is ex
cellent for women. It broadens them—
Raphael Welll, on his' home-coming
from nine months' sojourn In Paris, was
met at Sacramento yesterday by a beau
tiful bouquet of California flowers. The
blossoms excited the admiration- of the
ladies in the car. At Sixteenth street
station. Oakland. Mr. Weill was met by
a beautiful bunch of delegates from the
Bohemian Club and carried away to
dinner.
M. A! Chapelle of New York, accom
panied by his wife, arrived in the city
yesterday and is at the Palace. He is a
prominent officer of the Eagles and Is out
here to attend the Grand Aerie.
E. H. Fitzhugh, a prominent railroad
man from St. Loui3. returned from Del
Moute yesterday and is staying at the
Palace. He is. accompanied by his wife
and daughter.
E. R. Graham, a prominent Pittsburgh
oil expert, who is largely interested in
land at Bakersfleld. is at the Palace.
D. W. Crowder. who is connected with
tho Lee Mercantile Company of Kansas
City, is at the Palace.
Hon. TV. B. Gilbert. United States Cir
cuit Judge of Oregon, is at the Occidental.
P. P. Brown, a mining man of Holllster,
is at the Lick.
E..E. Bush, an oil man of Bakersfleld.
is at the Grand.
Millard Sanders of Pleaaanton is regis
tered at the Palace.
George E. Churd. a grain man of Fres
no,'is at the California, ;
PERSONAL MENTION.
Those of Europe 'also will reap a rich harvest. On
a:single day last week over 1400 persons sailed from
New York for various European ports. . A large
number of them, of course, are rich people who have
a custom of spending the summer in Europe, but
many of them were persons who have been fortunate
in their speculations/They have money to burn, and
Paris, London and Berlin will see the bonfires.
Another account of the crowding of the city says:
"The way-downtown hotels are crowded nights to
their utmost capacity, Not only are therernany peo
ple attracted to town by the. speculative excitement,
but the overworked brokers' clerks and bookkeepers
camp out downtown nights. In one of the largest
of the downtown hotels every room has been occu
pied for several nights back— some of. the rooms hav
ing as many as three beds— while cots have been put
up and the parlors turned into dormitories.''
So the story goes. lit is a hot time in New York,
and there is money ip it for a while; but how long
will it last? * \
THE PRESIDENT'S DISCRETION.
AT El Paso and in New Mexico President Mc-
Kinley took pains to let his hearers know his
opinion of the nature and 1 structure of our
Government. Wherever there. was an indication of a
supplicatory condition, addressing the" President as the
Government, with dispensing power, he promptly cor
rected the tendency and let them know that while he
represents the Government he is not the Govern
ment. The Government is with the people, and its
three branches are their agents, and as executive he is
at the head of their triune agency.
It is remembered that President Johnson offended
the people by his daily reiteration of the phrase, "My
policy." The President can have no policy that
thwarts the people within the constitutional limita
tions, which are for him and them alike.
The President's great discretion and ' common
sense are noticeable in the natural. and proper man r
ner in which he refains from taking to himself the
enthusiastic ascriptions which are inspired by the
stimulus of his presence among the people. •
Going back to the first President we find the
progress of Washington from his home to the capital
and from the capital through the country was marked
by this same disposition to treat him as the Gov
ernment, and it was met by him in the same sensible
way that President McKinley pursues. In their en
thusiasm, and perhaps in their feeling of dependence,
the people desired to coin some form of titular address
for Washington, and actually discussed such titles as
"His High Mightiness," "Supreme Defender of the
Commonwealth," and others equally fantastic.
We have the survival of that in the common prac
tice of addressing the President as "His Excellency,"
a title used also in addressing Governors of States.
It does not belong to the President, and its use in
addressing him is highly improper. His title is just
as plain as the people he represents. It is "The
President," and nothing more.
The constitution of Massachusetts gives, the title
"His Excellency" to the Governor of that State. No
ether Governor in the United States is entitled to It.
When Governor Gage meets the Presidential party
at the State line the Governor of California will meet
and greet the President of the United States, and
neither one is "His Excellency."
Governor Gage very properly goes to meet the
President as an expression of the hospitality of the
people, and in offer of their greeting, and stands upon
no official punctilio about it.
In Washington's first administration Governor
Hancock of Massachusetts raised a great discussion
by refusing to meet the President and insisting that
Washington should come to him in the- capital.
When President Harrison visited this coast this same
issue was raised, very unpleasantly, by Governor
Pennoyer of Oregon. But there is nothing in it
The Governor is Governor of California, and his
official functions are all vital in him everywhere
within the State, and do" not cease when he leaves the
capital.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, - WEDNESDAY, MAY 8, 1901.
WEDNESDAY • MAY 8 - I 9 01
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Adiresi All Cemmnnirotioai t» W. 8. LBAKE, Manager.
HUBLICATIOX OFFICE... Mar Uet and Tlilrd. S. F.
Telephone Tress 2O1.
EDITORIAX BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered »•? Currier*. It. Cent- Per \Teelc
Mnjrle Copies. 5 Cent".
Terms *>r Slall. Including Postajret
1AILY CALL. <lac\vtiivK Sunday), one year t«.M
DAILT CALL Clariadlr.* Sunday). « months *•*>
DAILT CAti* «nclodin« Sunday). » months »•¦»
DAIL.T CALL— By Single Month ~£
WEEKL.X CALL, One Tear ••— x ' w
All postmaster* are authorized to reeelra
.subscriptions.
Cample copies will be forwarded when recaested.
Man robeernwr* Jn ordering chanee- of tuJdrwm should be
Fsxtlcnlar to tfv» both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS Jn order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLtfD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KUOGKESS.
Basigtr Foreign Adrertiging. Mirqnett* Building. CUetgJ. ¦
(Lccc Distance Telephone "Central 1613.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
C. C. CARL.TOJT Herald Soi»***
works.
6
AUCTION SALES..
By Sullivan & Doyle— This day. at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
227 Sixth street.
By "Wm G I^ayr.c— Tuesday. May 14. at 10 o'clock. Ger-
man Government Artillery Horses, at 721 Howard street.
Call »QbBcrlberi contemplating n. cban&re of
Ksldeaee during tlie summer months can haw
tbe-lr paper forwarded by mall to their ne vr
Addresses by notllyicsr Tbe Call Baslsecs Office.
This paper will also be on «ale at nil ¦noinier
resorts and l» represented by a local cseot in
ail towns on tbe coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWH FOR THE SUMHER.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tivoli— "The Idol's Eye."
Orpheuni— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Sag; Harbor."
Alcazsx — "The Conquerors."
Grand Optra-house— "Son of Xapoleon."
California.— "The Lottery of Love."
Central— "The Octoroon."
Olyro'pla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
fTf'T
Klscher's— Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-day.Francisco Bay. ¦ Published by official au
1 thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high -and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tldo is the> same at both places.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., May 7.— The
town of Landing and the surrounding
country 13 in a state of intense excite
ment over an assault committed' upon
Miss Ether Bonnie, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. • G. W. Bonnie, residents of that
town. The assault was committed 1 by an
unknown white man. who struck the girl
on the head with some blunt instrument,
rendering her unconscious.
At 30:30 o'clock this morning Miss Bon
nie left home for the bluffs along the Mis
souri River to gather mushrooms. While
stooping down she was suddenly seized
from behind, but managed to break away
from her assailant and started to run. He
overtook her and struck her. Believing
the girl to be dead, the man dragged her
body to a well near by and threw her in.
The well contained twelve feet of water
and Miss Bonnie sank to the bottom, but
rose agrain. The shock had the effect of
reviving her to such an. extent that she
realized her peril and made an effort to
climb out. After repeated failures she
reached the top, but was still in a dazed
condition and remained sitting- on the
ed^e of the well.
Mot arriving home for dinner, her
parents J became alarmed . and ¦ beg-an.
searching ¦ for her. and after some time
she was found, still sitting on the edge
of the well. She was then in a critical
condition, but was conveyed home and
mar-aped to tell the story of the assault.
The news soon spread throughout the
country and citizens began gathering and
started out to look for the assailant.
Word was also sent to the city, and the
Sheriff and several deputies started for
tho •¦ scene. Feeling Is so intense that
should the man be caught he will prob
ably be lynched.
Miss Bonnie is reported to have died as
the result of her injuries, but this Is not
yet confirmed.
Kansas Citizens on .the Trail
of a Man Who May
Be Lynched.
THROWS WOMAN
INTO A WELL
Ruffian Attacks Her and
Then Tries to Drown
/_'../ Her.
WEDNESDAY. MAY 8.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
d»y; the third time column gives the last tld»
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on tho United
States Coast Survey Charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
CURIOUS TORTOISES BROUGHT HOME FROM THE" GALAPAGOS ISL
ANDS ON THE SCHOONER W. S. PHELPS. THE LARGE TORTOISE
SHOWN IN THE PICTURE WEIGHS 527 POUNDS.
Branch Hydro£raphic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May 7. 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,-
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
Steamer Movements.
hence Dec 30; Br ship Port Patrick, hence
Jan 6. Captain of the latter died^on the voy-
VALPARAISO— Arrived April 18— Ger bark J
C Glade, hence Feb 22. May 4— Br 6hip Mat
terhorn. hence March 8.
MELBOURNE— Arrived April 2S— Bark Eu
terpe, hence Feb 10.
DUNKIRK— Arrived May e— Br ship Glau
cus. hence Jan 9.
FALMOUTH— Arrived May 6— Ger bark Her
zogin Sophie Charlotte, from Portland.
LIZARI>— Passed May 6— Ger bark Malpo,
from Portland, for Queenstown; Br ship Hale
wootl, from Portland, for Queenstown.
KIXSALE— Pas?ed May C— Br bark Inver
urie. henco Dec IS, for Queenstown. ,
HULI.r- In port April 21— Fr bark Marguerite.
Mollnos, for San Francisco.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Anril 18 — Ger stmr
Kambyses, for San Francisco.
• . OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TOP.K— Arrived May 7— Stmr South
wark, from Antwerp and Southampton.
Sailed May 7— Stmr Cevie, for Liverpool. .
AUCKLAND— Arrived prior to May 7— Stmr
Ventura, from Ban Francisco, via Honolulu,
for Sydney, NSW.
HAMBURG— Sailed May 4— Stmr Pretoria,
for New York.
BROWHEAD— Passed May 7— Stmr Nomadic,
from New York, for Liverpool.
MOVILLE— Arrived May 7— Stmr Anchoria,
from New York, for Glasgow, and proceeded.
BREMEN— Arrived May 7— Stmr Kaiser Wil
helm der Grosse. from New York, via Cher
bourg and Southampton.
BOULOGNE— Arrived May 7— Stmr Staten
dam, from New. York, for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed May 7— Stmr Pretoria,
from Hamburg and Boulogne, for New York. ;
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 3— Stmr Empress
of Irdla. from Hongkong. Shanghai, Hiogo and
Naea?aki, for Vancouver.
TO SAIL.
rO ARRIVE.
Sun, Moon. and Tide.
United States Coast ' and Geodetic Survey-
Times -and ; Heights , of ; High .and Low
Waters •'. at Fort Point, entrance to San
TORONTO. Ont.. May 7.— The Rev.
Henry Scadding, D.D., Cantab historian
and antiquarian and one of the best
known men. in Canada, is dead, aged 83
years.
The Rev. Henry Scadding, D.D.
The furnishings and location of the Xeo
veau Hotel, "12 Stockton street, make It
the most desirable place for permanent
or transient guests. Every convenience.
Moderate charges. . •
Desirable Apartmentsl
Stmr Cltv of Puebla, Jepsen, 62 hours from
Victoria and Puaret Sound ports.
Stmr Signal, Bendegaard, C3 hours from Coos
Bay.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern. from Ven
tura.
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen, 30 hours. from Iver
sens Landing.
Sihr Rio Key, Miller, 24 hours from Mendo
ciao.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, May 7.
Stmr Curacao, Parsons, Guaymas; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Geo \V Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Kav Co.
Nor stmr Jlorda, Svendsen. Chemalnus; Cal
& Oriental J?R Co.
Xor stmr Tellu?. Pederaen, Chemalnus; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
Br Ftmr Milton, Rainey, Nanalmo; John Ro
senfeld's Sons.
Ship Glory of -the Seas, Freeman, Ccmox; R
Dunemuir's Sons Co.
Bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson, Hilo; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bktn S G Wilder, Jackson, Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dimond & Co.
Sohr Maggie C Russ, Oberg, Salinas Cruz; C
A Hooper & Co.
Schr Ralph J Long, Hammond, Golofln Bay;
J S Johnson.
SAILED.
. • Tuesday, May 7.
Stmr Hawaiian, Banfield, Honolulu, via Ka
h'jlui.
Stmr Bontta. Noriander. Newport.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan. Eureka. .
Rtmr Curacao, Parsons, Guaymas.
Stmr Alitak, Rasmussen, Alitak.
Stmr Sootia, W'alvig, .
Btmr Ruth, Higgin«t .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. . ' .
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Celia, Hlggins, Albion. .
Nor stmr Horda, Svendsen. Chemalnus.
Br stmr Milton, Rainey. Nanaimo.
Bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson, Hllo.
Fr bark Commandant Marchand, Arnaud,
Queenstown.
Bktn S G Wilder, J Jackson. Honolulu.
Schr Sacramento, Grugeel, Siuslaw River.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Allen A, Ivem^n, Eureka,
Schr Francis Cutting, Hagerup, Karluk.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, Bihlers Point.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, Bihlers Point. "
Schr Glen. Nelson, .
Schr Mayflower, Gudmansen, Coqullle River.
SPOKEN.
April 25, lat 39 N. Ion 41 W— Br ship Pal
grave, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
April 13, lat 25 N, Ion 40 W— Br ship Haddon
Hall, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Stmr Despatch sailed from Dutch Harbor
April 2 for Nushagak and got within 85 miles
of Nushagak and found solid ice. Returned to
Dutch Harbor April 9. • ,
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 7. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity. 24 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA-Sailed May 7— Schr La Gironde.
for .
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived May 7— Br stmr
Caithness, from Port Townsend.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 7— Br ship Vimeira,
from Hongkong.
Sailed May 7— Nor stmr Tyr, for Vladivostok.
VENTURA— Arrived May 7— Schr Fanny Du
tard. from Port Blakeley.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 8— Stmr Cottage
City, from Dyea.
Sailing of the Bchr Martha W Tuft a mis
take; not sailed.
Sailed May 7— Stmr South Portland, for San
Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed May 6— Schr Ocea
la Vance, for San Pedro. ¦ '
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 7— Schr Lottie
Carson, from Eureka; schr Comet, from Port
Blakeley.
- PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 7— Schr John
G North, from Hanamaulu.
LORING— Arrived April 25— Ship Blntram,
hence April 3.
KARLUK— Arrived April 18— Stmr Kadlak,
hence April 4.
POINT REYES-rPassed May 7— Stmr Pasa
dena, from San Pedro, for Eureka. . .
FAIRHAVEN— Sailed May 6— Stmr Aloha,
for San Francisco.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed May 7— Stmr Del
Norte: stmr Crescent City, for San Francisco.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived March 81— Stmr
Despatch, and sailed April 2 for Nushagak;
in port at Dutch Harbor April 16. .
GRAYS HARBOR— Launched May 3— Stmr O
C Llndauer, • for Ban Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed May 7— Schr Defiance, for
Honolulu. ¦ • • _ ' ¦ . •
Arrived May 7— Schr John A, from San
Pedro; schr Eva, hence May 28.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 7— Schr Queen,
for San Francisco. «
FOREIGN PORTS.
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 7— Fr bark An-
Jou, from Shields, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 6-Stmr China, :
hence April 17. \. .
MAZATLAN— Sailed May 3— Stmr Newport,
for San Francisco. ¦ - • . . ¦
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 6— Br efclp
Anglesey, hence Dec 29; Br chip Crompton, .
CHIPPEWA FALLS, Wis.. May 7.— All
the lumber camps In the northern part of
the State will probably be burned down
ihis summer by order of the State Board
>>f Health. During the past two winters
rr.any camps have been breeding places of
smallpox, and It is feared that the disease
will develop in more deadly form next
winter unless heroic measures are taken.
fcr its suppression.
cide to Destroy the Northern
Lumber Establishments.
Health Authorities in Wisconsin De-
KANSAS CITY. May 7.-Pres!dent W.
H. Holmes cf the Metropolitan Street
Railway Company was ordered by Judge
Ellefcrd, in the Criminal Court to-day, to
appear before the Grand Jury, which is
investigating rumors of jury bribing in
connection with a damage suit, and to
produce the papers of the claim depart
ment of his road. Holmes, through his
cttorneys. refused to compiy with the or
der. Judge Wofford held the railway
president in contempt of court and he was
constructively plac*d in custody until the
matter is passed upon by a higher court.
There is a constitutional question in
volved, and the matter may be taken be
fore the Supreme Court of the State or
before the Federal court. In reciting his
refusal to obey the court's order. Holmes'
attorneys claimed exemption under sec
tions of the constitution, both State and
national, which protect a person from un
reasonable search, and the constitutional
privilege that a person is not compelled
to give evidence that might tend to In
criminate him.
CAMPS TO BE BURNED
TO PREVENT SMALLPOX
Judicial Action.
sas Street Road Causes Severe
Refusal to Furnish Papers of a Kan-
RAILWAY PRESIDENT
IN CONTEMPT OF COURT
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, May 7.
Stxnr Rainier, Hansen, 78 hour* from What
com. ":-,:.
The schooner Maggie C. Russ cleared yes
terla for Salinas Cruz with 70,567 ft lumber.
4200 redwood ties. 700 bdls shingles, 1000 kegs
and 800 cs blasting powder. Value, $7825.
A Carg-o for Mexico.
'I he French bark Commandant Marchand
cleared Monday for Oueenstown for orders
with €7,358 ctU wheat, valued at $65,818, and
22,000 ft lumber as dunnage, valued at $330/
Wheat Shipment.'
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer Umatilla, which sailed Monday
for Victoria, carried merchandise for British
Columbia valued at $23,878, including the fol
lowing: 7 cs ammunition, 2277 lbs butter, 2251
lbs cheese, 800 lbs beans. 247 cs canned goods.
600 lbs chocolate. 750 lbs coffee, 11 cs drugrs,
SS.90O lbs dried fruit. 638 pkgs fruit, .13 cyls
gas, 312 pkgs groceries and provisions, 10 cs
honey, 169 cs hardware, I960 lbs millstuffs. 200
tins matches, 11,000 lbs malt, 700 ¦ lbs nuts, 10
crts onions. 20 bdls pipe. DO cs paste, 15 crts
potatoes, 439 cs raisins, 601 lbs sugar, 368 pkgs
vegetables, 16 cs, EG6 gals wine. In transit—
652,000 lbs sugar, valued at $19,560.
Shipping- Merchants.
The Lena Sweaay will load merchandise
here for Mexican ports; ¦ the Aleterschwan,
wheat at Portland for Europe: the J. C. Pot
ter, coal at Tacoma for Honolulu, prior to ar
rival; the Olga, lumber at Tacoma for Kahu
lul, prior to arrival.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
"It was my first visit to the Galapagos,"
j said H. Finley, mate of the W. S. Phelps,
¦ yesterday. "I never want to make an
! other one as long as I live. There are
I about thirteen islands in the group and
| all of them, save Chatham and Charles,
! are God forsaken. Albemarle Island was
| the scene of our operations. 'It is about
sixty miles long and fifteen miles broaa
and is really composed of six huge crat
ers, which are from 2000 to 4000 feet high.
"Our first landing was on a beach
formed of broken lava. As we sprang
from reck to rock innumerable crabs and
hideous iguanas started out in every di
rection and for a time J thought we were
in the midst of the inferno. Nearly all
the tortoises we found on the sides of
the mountains, where they go after cac
tus, on which they feed, and spme of their
shells are badly burned -where they must
have got into the lava. The biggest tor
toise in our cargo we found up near the
mouth of one of the craters and it took all
hands five days to get him down the side
of the mountain. We had to carry him In
a gliner and maybe we didn't curse his
weight as we staggered under it over the
broken lava. When we got him aboard
the ship we took a rest before starting on
another hunt.
"About Christmas time we went to
Chatham Islands for our mail. There is
a sugar plantation on the island and the
Government of Eucador sends its convicts
there to serve out their sentences. They
are Mormons on the island, but conditions
are different from what they are in Utah.
On Chatham Island every woman has
from four to ten husbands and she, makea
them work for her.
•"When v.e were not catching tortoises
we were seal hunting. The fur seal we
phot, but the hair seal we ; killed with
cHibs. Mr.* Green killed nearly all the
birds and helped us with the seals and
then when the tortoises grave out and
everything else got so wary that we
could not got a shot in a day we put up
sail and started for home. The tortoises
and turtles on the Galapagos will soon
be extinct, as the wild dogs and wild pigs
live on their eggs. We brought enough
cactus away with us to last the tortoises
throughout the voyage. During the last
few week3 they have been torpid, how
over, and have eaten nothing."
"We made a slow passage home," said
Mate Finley of the Phelps. "We prom
ised to call at Clipperton on our return.
When we got back there we found that
all the Japanese sent there to work the
phosphate beds had struck and gone to
the mainland. Two white men were on
the island, and they found it mighty lone
ly. They had an abundance of provisions
and gave us a quantity of flour. They
told us the Japanese had been taken to
the coast to get paid and as soon as they
got their money they cleared out and
positively refused to go back to the isl
and. We were sixty-four days all told
getting here from our hunting ground and
mighty glad I am that che run is over.
"Among our cargo is a quantity of shark
fins, and the procuring of those dainties
was the source of more fun than any
thing that happened during the year we
were rone. Sharks there were in thou
sands and there was never a time but
what two or three of the brutes were
abound the schooner. When we hooked
them they- fought like furies, but what
a satisfaction it was to kill them once we
got the brutes aboard.
# "The stuffed isuanas we have on the
vessel were caught in- the water; the live
ones we caught on the land. They look
exact iv alike, except that one is black and
the other yellow."
tortoises, 1460 hair sealskins, 203 fur seal
skins, a number of live and some stuffed
iguanas, a quantity of shark fins and a
large collection of blrdskins. About half
a dozen of the tortoises are the largest in
the world, one of them weighing 527
pounds. As to their age no one can guess,
but Captain Johnstone, owner of the
Phelps, asserts that all the big ones must
be more than 2000 years old.
A special from Cape Town says: '"Sir
Alfred Milner will sail to-morrow for
home on board the steamer Saxon.
LONDON, May ".—Lord Kitchener re
ports the capture of another hundred
Boers, one 12-pounder, one 9-pounder, one
Maxim and a quantity of ammunition.
to the War Office.
Kitchener Reports Another Capture
BOERS AND GUNS TAKEN.
The British steamship Tantallon Castle,
frcm Southampton April 20 for Cape Col
ony with relief troops and passengers, is
ashore on Roblem Island, near here. All
her passengers have been landed.
CAPE TOWN. May 7.— Sir Alfred Mil
ner. the British Minister, addressing a
mats meeting to-day, said there was abso
lutely no reason for the anxiety felt in
some Quarters lest any change be intro
duced in South Africa that would In any
way weaken the imperial policy. Such a
ihar.fre was impossible. Great Britain
had made up her mind and would carry
out the policy she had laid down.
Lord Kitchener favorably mentions 200
officers, non-commissioned officers and
men.
PRETORIA. May 7.-Dutch refugees
who have arrived here from Pietersburg
pay the reason there have been so many
Boer surrenders recently is because Com
mar.der-in-Chief Botha wishes to get rid
of his weak fighters, who, instead of help
ing him, are an incumbrance. These refu
gees say Botha recently made an address
to the burghers, stating: he wished to re
tain only those who were willing to flgrht
to a finish. The fact remains, however,
the best of the Boer fighters steal away
and surrender whenever they see a
chance, as thej' are sick of undergoing
hardships without any object In view.
LONDON', May 7.— l»rd Kitchener's
first long review 'of the South African
operations, dealing chiefly with the inva
sion of Cape Colony, and dated March 8,
w-as published in the Gazette to-day. He
pays it has been his constant endeavor
since taking over the command to Im
prove the fortification works along the
line of communication, thus reducing the
guards; also evacuating the garrisons re
mote from the railroads, thereby obviat
ing- convoy escorts. He has comman
deered more than 25,000 horses in Cape
Colony since December.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Lord Kitchener Reviews the
Operations in South
Africa.
Who Will Fight
to Finish.
Boer Chief Keeps Those
BOTHA WEEDING
OUT HIS FORCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 8, 1901.
1 • • ¦• v
One Monster Weighs 527 Pounds—It Takes Crew of W. fSg
Phelps Five Days to Get It Down Mountain and Aboard Vessel*
ELEPHANTINE TORTOISES BROUGHT
HERE FROM THE GALAPAGOS GROUP
THE schooner W. S. Phelps ar
rived from the Galapagos (Tor
toise) Islands yesterday after more
than a year's absence. She left'
. San Francisco on May 1, 1900. and
after short stops at Mazatlan and at
Clipperton Island went direct to the
equator. The crew was composed of Cap
tain W. P. Noyes, Mate H. Flnley, a cook
and five sailors. Guy lireen, a taxider
mist, was the only passenge'r. The %hip
¦went after the tortoises known to be on
the islands, seals, reptiles, birds and in
fact anything that would find a purchaser
in the markets of the world.
The voyage was a very successful one
as the Phelps brings back twenty-five
7
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Acme...........
Tltanla.
Santa Barbara.
Roanoke........
Crescent City..
Corona
Hyades
San Pedro
Eureka
Newport. .......
Guatemala.....
Area to. .........
Santa Rosa
Point Arena....
Columbia....'.'..
South Portland
Adato.. ...
San Bias
Coptic...........
Czarina./..:....
Pomona.........
Matte wan.......
Kvarven. .....:.
Kambynes......
Walla Walla. . .
Macklna^......
Alliance......:.
Queen
Bonlta.'..:...
North Fork.:...
Fulton. ...;:...-..
Grace Dollar.:.
Newburgr.
Slualaw Blver
Nanalmo
San Pedro
N T. via Panama:....
Crescent Cltr ..........
Newport
Seattle ;.
Humboldt
Humboldt
Panama & Way Ports.
Valparaiso & Way Pta.
Coos Bay...'. ...'.
San Diego..;; :...:..
Point Arena.. ....
Portland 'and Astoria..
Seattle & Tacoma..
Tacoma
Champertco ......... —
China and Japan
Seattle and Tacoma....
Humboldt
Tacoma ••
Comox . ...'.......
Hamburg & Way Ports
Puget Sound Ports
Seattle •• •
Portland & Coos Bay...
San Diego
Newport '......
Humboldt ...............
Grays Harbor
Grays Harbor ...........
San Pedro ....;....:
May' 8
May 8
May 8
May 8
May 8
May 8
May 9
May 9
May 9
May 9
May - 0
May . 9
May 9
May 9
May 10
May 11
May 11
May 11
May 11
May 11
May 11
May 11
May 12
May 11
May j;
May 15
May 1!
May 12
May 12
May 13
May u
May 14
May 14
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Santa Barb...
Rival. 1 .
Pomona ,.
a. \V. Elder.
Pan Jose
Queen....
Acme
Sierra
I Corona...
Mandalay....
Arcata
Point Arena..
Rainier
•Peru
City Puebla..
Argyll
Eureka
May 8.
Humboldt
Wlllapa Harbor....!
Humboldt .-I
Astoria & Portland
Panama & Way..
San Diego .........
May 9.
Sluslaw River......
Sydney & Way Pts
Mnr 1O.
Newport
May 11.
Coqullle River
Coos Bay
Point Arena .......
Seattle & N. What
China & Japan —
Puget Sound Ports
K. Y. via Panama.
Humboldt .v
May 12.
San Diego
May. 13.
Seattle & Tacoma.
Astoria & Portland
May 14.
Newport
Ptland & Cooa Bay
Seattle & Tacqma.
Grays Harbor .....
I * pm
I 5 pm
|l:30 p
11 am
12 m
9 am
- i
12 m
10 am
I 9 am
llO am
12 m
2 pm
2 pm
1 pm
11 am
2 Dm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 24
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 7
Pier U
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 34
Pier 13
Santa Rosa. . .
9 am
Pier 11
P. Portland...
Columbia
I 5 Dm
111 am
[Pier 13
Pier 24
Bonlta ....
Alliance......
Czarina..."....
Newburg......
9 am
I 5 pm
Pier 11
Pier —
Pier 8
Pler-
Sun rises .....'.
Sun seta
Moon rises . —
i-ii'i
..5:06
..7:06
i. .m.
Time
Date Ft
H W
8 ... 1:15 5.1
9 ... 2:05 5.0
10 ... S:10 4.8
11 ... 4:28 4.5
|L \V|
12 ... 0:09 2.3
13 ... l:10| 1.6
14 ,'..| 2:00| 0.8]
Time ¦ iTime *
Ft. Ft.
L W . H W
8:30 0.0 4:00 4.6
9:16 0.1 4:47 4.8
10:12 0:4 5:34 4.9
11:09 0.6 6:17 5.1
H W L W
5:51 4.4 12:06 0.9
7:10 4.4 1:04 1.2
| 8:25| 4.5| 1:54 1 1.5|
Tlmel
L W
8:29
9:41
11:00
Ft
3.2
3.2
2.8
H W
7:00
7:40
I 8:23!
6.4
5.e
I 5.9
Sun rises .....'.
Sun seta
Moon rises . —
i-ii'i
..5:06
..7:06
i. .m.
Time
Date Ft
H W
8 ... 1:15 5.1
9 ... 2:05 5.0
10 ... S:10 4.8
11 ... 4:28 4.5
|L \V|
12 ... 0:09 2.3
13 ... l:10| 1.6
14 ,'..| 2:00| 0.8]
Time ¦ iTime *
Ft. Ft.
L W . H W
8:30 0.0 4:00 4.6
9:16 0.1 4:47 4.8
10:12 0:4 5:34 4.9
11:09 0.6 6:17 5.1
H W L W
5:51 4.4 12:06 0.9
7:10 4.4 1:04 1.2
| 8:25| 4.5| 1:54 1 1.5|
Tlmel
L W
8:29
9:41
11:00
Ft
3.2
3.2
2.8
H W
7:00
7:40
I 8:23!
6.4
5.e
I 5.9
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Acme...........
Tltanla.
Santa Barbara.
Roanoke........
Crescent City..
Corona
Hyades
San Pedro
Eureka
Newport. .......
Guatemala.....
Area to. .........
Santa Rosa
Point Arena....
Columbia....'.'..
South Portland
Adato.. ...
San Bias
Coptic...........
Czarina./..:....
Pomona.........
Matte wan.......
Kvarven. .....:.
Kambynes......
Walla Walla. . .
Macklna^......
Alliance......:.
Queen
Bonlta.'..:...
North Fork.:...
Fulton. ...;:...-..
Grace Dollar.:.
Newburgr.
Slualaw Blver
Nanalmo
San Pedro
N T. via Panama:....
Crescent Cltr ..........
Newport
Seattle ;.
Humboldt
Humboldt
Panama & Way Ports.
Valparaiso & Way Pta.
Coos Bay...'. ...'.
San Diego..;; :...:..
Point Arena.. ....
Portland 'and Astoria..
Seattle & Tacoma..
Tacoma
Champertco ......... —
China and Japan
Seattle and Tacoma....
Humboldt
Tacoma ••
Comox . ...'.......
Hamburg & Way Ports
Puget Sound Ports
Seattle •• •
Portland & Coos Bay...
San Diego
Newport '......
Humboldt ...............
Grays Harbor
Grays Harbor ...........
San Pedro ....;....:
May' 8
May 8
May 8
May 8
May 8
May 8
May 9
May 9
May 9
May 9
May - 0
May . 9
May 9
May 9
May 10
May 11
May 11
May 11
May 11
May 11
May 11
May 11
May 12
May 11
May j;
May 15
May 1!
May 12
May 12
May 13
May u
May 14
May 14
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Santa Barb...
Rival. 1 .
Pomona ,.
a. \V. Elder.
Pan Jose
Queen....
Acme
Sierra
I Corona...
Mandalay....
Arcata
Point Arena..
Rainier
•Peru
City Puebla..
Argyll
Eureka
May 8.
Humboldt
Wlllapa Harbor....!
Humboldt .-I
Astoria & Portland
Panama & Way..
San Diego .........
May 9.
Sluslaw River......
Sydney & Way Pts
Mnr 1O.
Newport
May 11.
Coqullle River
Coos Bay
Point Arena .......
Seattle & N. What
China & Japan —
Puget Sound Ports
K. Y. via Panama.
Humboldt .v
May 12.
San Diego
May. 13.
Seattle & Tacoma.
Astoria & Portland
May 14.
Newport
Ptland & Cooa Bay
Seattle & Tacqma.
Grays Harbor .....
I * pm
I 5 pm
|l:30 p
11 am
12 m
9 am
- i
12 m
10 am
I 9 am
llO am
12 m
2 pm
2 pm
1 pm
11 am
2 Dm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 24
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 7
Pier U
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 34
Pier 13
Santa Rosa. . .
9 am
Pier 11
P. Portland...
Columbia
I 5 Dm
111 am
[Pier 13
Pier 24
Bonlta ....
Alliance......
Czarina..."....
Newburg......
9 am
I 5 pm
Pier 11
Pier —
Pier 8
Pler-
AMUSEMENT S.
MATIlsEB TO-DAY (WEI).), May 8.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony, 10c; children.
10c, any part except reserved.
ANOTHER GREAT BILL!
THE FOUR HUNTINGS, ZEB AND ZARROW,
PATTERSON BROTHERS. . .
INGHAM, BARNES ; AND SISSON. ALF
GRANT. THE BIOGRAPH.
And Two of the World's Most Popular At-
tractions,
THE AGOUST FAMILY and
McINTYRE AND HEATH.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
LAST "WEEK! LAST WEEK!
DON'T FAIL, TO SEE THE GLORIOUS
"hoot mow."
"TBE TOYMAKER" Monday, May 13th.
First Time in This City.
POPULAR PRICES ...25o and 50c
, Telephone— Bush 9. •..::,.:/;:,-
BESLASCO *"B THAlESjfetftig.
'*°* > 4^_^* ¦ -'1^ *^ tBMXnt C/TY ItAM
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
T T f E-5 ¥7 MAGNIFICENT
M 11 13 REVIVAL. OF
OCTOROON!
.' The Big ' Production of the Season.
Plantation Scenes and Melodies. Buck and Wing
Danclnsr. Clever Specialties, Etc.
DDirCC EVENINGS 10c, 15c, 25c, 33c, 60c
lidvCJ MATINEES 10c. 15c, 25c
Next Week— TERRY McGOVERN, the cham-
pion featherweight, in his Great Success. "The
Bowery After Dark." Secure seata quick.
Every Night (Including Sunday). Matinee
Saturday.
"A strong play, well acted."— Call.
"An effective play."— Examiner.
"Leaves a very pleasant effect."— Chronicle.
JAMES A. HERNT7S
. Latest comedy, and greatest success,
A STORY OF HEART AND HOME.
TO-1NICHT.
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY,
MR. JAMBS NEILL
* AND THE NEILL COMPANY,
Presenting Augustln Daly's Laughing Comedy
"TBE LOTTERY OF LOVE"
SPFCI AT Bargain Matinee To-Morrow.
Jl LVlHli PRICES .. ; 25o and Wo
EVENINGS... 25c. 35c. 60c. 7Bo. 11.00
SATURDAY MATINEE.... ...25c, 60c, 75o
Next— Sunday. May 12. to greet th« nation's
President, "BARBARA FRIETCHIE." Seats
ready Thursday. • ¦ '
oLyH EAT R KjAr'
GET WISE AND SECURE! SEATS QUICK.
......LAST FIVE NIGHTS......
Of the Merriest Show In Town.
THE
CONQUERORS.
MATTNEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
'. —^NEXT WEEK-
FRIENDS.
CHUTES AND^OO ?K^
BIG VAUDEVILLlE BILL.
TO-MORROW NIGHT, TBE AMATEORS
'¦iS And tha great comic feature,
THE LADY BLACKSMITHS in a PRIZE
STRIKING CONTEST.
Telephone for seata— Park 23.
17TGr'WI7R'C! CONCEBT'HOUSE.
flOvHJCiIt O Admission lOc.
Belle Wilton. Evans, Deveeai' and "> Evans.
Satnella. Murdock and DeCamp, : Q,' 8. < s Wan-
1 rell, Maybelle Bowman and the Golden ..Wast
Trio. " <•£' "'.'"• '- '•'¦!
- Keserved . Seats, 2So. M&.tlne« * Sunday. ;
SUTRO BATHS
WILL-, OPEN ¦¦JNlpH'fS.
SATURDAyT]V1A^ II, 1901.
ADVEBTISEMENTSL '
Solid Oak DininK Table. 48 1
inches in diameter — extends to 1
8 feet— only $13.50. Our i
stock of furniture, carpets and 1
draperies is large and includes ¦
\ all new and artistic designs. R
I Get an estimate from us on 1
I everything required to furnish R
your entire establishment I
Credit and free delivery within B
100 miles. We close at six. 1
T. Brilliant I
FURNITURE CO., 1
338-342 POST STREET,^ |
Opposite Union Square. ' a
@VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
have been in use over fltty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church apd their fol-
lowers. Positively cure the
worst cases in. old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
rigarette-emoklng. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power. ICIght Losses, Insom-
nia, Paine In Back. Evil Desire*. I-arne Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unntness to Mir-
ry. Loes of Semen, m Vericocele or Con-
Ptlpation, Stops Ne f^ II rvous Twitching
of Eyelid*. Effects ir;^^ are Immediate.
Impart vigor and CKnTS potency to every
function. Don"t pet despondent; a cure Is at
hand. Restore email, undeveloped organs,
(stimulate the brain and nerve centers; COo a
box; < for 11 SO by mall. A written guarantee
•o cure or money refunded with 8 boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY Co..
40 Ellis ft.. Baa Francisco. Cal. GRANT
nituG OO., 38 and 40 Third at.
I SEND THIS INQUIRY COUPON FOR |
I "The ;- 'Accepted Authority of the 1
I English-speaking World" 1
I "CERTAIN TO SUPERSEDE - "THE MOST PERFECT I
| ALL OTHER DICTIONARIES" DICTIONARY EVER MADE" i
EJ —Prof. A; H. Sayce, LUD,, Oxford Unl- —Prof. A. O. Wilkinson. U. S. Patent B
EH versity, England. Office.' " • U\
I THE FUNK & WACNALLS U
I Standard Dictionary I
Bj Because It represents the most reliable, most eminent, and the most recent scholarship m
j In all the departments of knowledge and information, the Standard Dictionary has be- J3
| come the universally- accepted authority of the English-speaking race. In South Africa, |1
B Japan, China, Slam, India, Mexico, the West Indies, and South America Its substan- $1
n tial merits have secured for the Standard Dictionary a cordial welcome wherever the hi
H -English language Is spoken. In tbe United States. England and Canada It is everywhere I
H the leading and favorite authority. ! It Is International In Its scope, and Us' popularity I
j is world-wide. It contains over 304,000 vocabulary terms — 79,000 more than any other die- j
i TTic^Prcsident ol thc^ United States and All the Great j
I Rulers of Europe Have Procured the Standard Dictionary 1
fcj CARDINAL. VAUGHAN. Archbishop of "Westminster. Kngland. pays: "Well may this \
ft be ca.lled the admiration of Literary England and the pride of Literary America."
W THE JOURNAL. OP EDUCATION, Boston: "In thoroughness, completeness, accu-
I racy, typography, style and illustration it challenges criticism and commands admlra- ¦'
y tion." • " • i
H THE NEW TORK HERALD: "The most complete and satisfactory dictionary pub- j
a lished." ... j
i WB WANT EVERY CALL READER TO KNOW MORE ABOUT >
I THIS GREAT DICTIONARY j
I SEVEN CENTS A DAY WILL BUY IT muHlB HQTOT 00OKW. 01 A I j
M See What This Inquiry Coupon Will COPT OT IT. !
U We request every Call reader who has 30 iSrayette Ptoce Xewrlr'k
I not already a copy of the Standard Die- Gentlemen'- Please send me T the
I tlonary to mall us the "Inquiry Cm.jxjn " to Call «aden! I
9 opposite and let us send him a handsome clntaJnln? colored plates and full par- S
1 pamphlet containing the^ exquisite full- ticulars of the Standard Dictionary. I |
1 S?5?«. plat9 . £ O T ln % JSSi 1 ™L^l? t?,.?V expect to purchase tha Dictionary if 1
l A 20 different kinds of typical woods In their .r « Tam i na fi on o f the namchlet 1
I natural colora; containing also several ' sSlsftctory pamphlet Uj
I other full-page plates and sample pages. provea satisfactory. 1
i with full information concerning the Stand- Name d
g ard Dictionary, and our easy payment plan .,. • fJ
| which enables any one to own the Stand- . Aaareas , a
I ard Dictionary at an expense of less than 7 Date .'... i
i .cents tier day. ¦ ¦ n
I * FUNK & WAGNALLS COMPANY. Publisher •*, 30 Lafayette Place, NEW TORI. |j
AMUSEMENTS.
FIFTH ANNIAL
DOGS.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
May 8, 9, 10, II.
COMPETITION OF THE GREATEST PRIZE
WINNERS OF THE EAST AND WEST.
ALT. THE NEW TORK CHAMPIONS!
PERFORMANCES BT TRAINED DOGS.
OPEN FROM 10 A. M. to 10 P. M.
ADMISSION, 50c; CHILDREN. HALF PRICE.
SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLtTB.
J. P. NORMAN, Secretary.
GRAND* OPEP2A HOUSE
MATINEES SATCRDAT AND STJNDAT.
ALL OF THIS WEEK.
Grand Scenic Production of a Romantic His-
torical Play,
SON OF
NAPOLEON.
PRICES — 10c, 13c, 25c, 50c. A few seat3 73c.
Good reserved seat In orchestra Saturday and
Sunday Matinees, 2,1c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
NEXT -WTESBK-
"GOVERMMENT ACCEPTANCE.*'
RACING! RACING! RACING!
SPRING MEETING— Opening April 23.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUtt.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day. - .
Races start at 2:15 p. ra. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, I, 2:30 and S p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to tha
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts'; no snicking 1 . Buy Tour
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole, connect with" San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole- con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth,
and Broadway. Oakland. These- electric cars
go direct to th» track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:13 and
4:43 P. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
| HOTEL*-
Visitors to San Francisco -who mako
thel^headauarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. . Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and uneqtulecl
cuisine. American and European plans.
»»GKAND HOTEL*-
T>"PTTCII17Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
Dll U OllilO «s. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hansors, printers, painters, sho© factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
jOfLPIERCE'S ELECTRIC BELT
? America Ahead of the World in Electrical Inren- '
? ttonsJ Everybody knows this! Our new Body.'
t Buttery, (U. S. Patent) is itricUy an American'
• Invention— TUB Belt of the Century. It sends a.
• po s-eriol, rerersiblo current through the human .
[body from Unit to tout, cnrizK Chronic and.
, Nervous DUeases and Weakness of Hale or female •
. m if by Magic So positive are we that no other ¦
. belt It the eq ual of " Dr. HercoV that we will w;od ¦
«it OX APPKUVAI. for comparison with any belt'
• now told in America. " Seeing is Believing:** ;
' NOTE. — Wa never lewl belts " On Trial,"' ther^- • >
.fora la ordering "Dr. Pierce'*" no risk is run of- >
• contracting >kln l>l*«ase or otter Disorder* by
? using an appliance previously w»r» br otbei''
' person*. Call, or send a 3c stamp for new "Booklet '
"Sea/Address: PIERCK KLKfTTKIC CO.;
£1145 Ttroa«lw;»v, 'near 2Hth Sr ) >J*w York,. I
. Or 206 Post St,, San Francisco.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
- tor and Nervine.
The most -wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
. The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid*
neya and Bladder. Sells on Its own merita
'NABER. AXJTS & BRUNE. Agents,
823 Market et.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
igfjtg^V' INJECTION. |
..Fa permanent cure J
J . ! i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
l> and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 8 j
- c dajs; no other treatment required. S
/ 5 „_ . Sold by all druggists. ; . ' • 5 ;
Weekly Call, $1 Der Tear
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I BrKATSCfllNSKlTi
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. I
I 10 THIRD ST.,. San Francisco. |
| Very Charming
I I" Ul OUba
1 What every lady requires— A neat flt-
1 ting Sandal to wear at home. They
I are easy on the feet and very, stylish. g§
I Special sale of Ladles' Fine Kid One- B
i Strap Sandals, with low coin toes, H
1 turned soles and low heels. Reduced H
9 to 8O cents a pair; sizes 3 to 8, widths K
I C to E. ; ' . II
FOR FANCY DANCING. I
¦ For fancy dancing and ballet— One- H
a etrap Kid Sandals, with puckered toes; jj
I sizes 9 to 3H, widths B and C; price, 9
I $2. Special rates to dancing classes. |g
I New 80-page Illustrated catalogue Just H
S ,out Send for one. M
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. 1
I 710 THIRD ST.; San Francisco, I
SHr^ SAME shape oHgHBI
DYmaWr _ TWO QUALITIES v^QjUH
BsBSfw^M i — i hShXks
IU.T. HESS,
NOTARY PDBLIO AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015 Claua Spreckels Bids.
:¦-¦-. ¦ Telephone Brown 93L , ~ • ¦
Residence/ 821 California st., below Powell.
'...-.. San Franclaca ,
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the ' Caps of . Gonorrhoea, Gleets,'
' Strictures and analogous complaints .
. . of tho Organs of Generation.
Price $1 a r bottle. For sale" by druggists.LEADING OFFICERS OF ORDER
OF EAGLES WHO WILL ATTEND
THE GRAND AERIE.
Judicious "silence is an eloquent lndica
tlon of wisdom: j: j 7;:v;.: : . - '-¦<}/¦
It's a good reputation that can't acquire
». BDOt. • , v .- ¦
The" California Northwestern Hallway
has decided to run its boats for the
launching, May 18, instead of chartering
them to others. The steamers used will
be the "Ukiah" and the "Donahue." and
with the usual consideration which it al
ways manifests for the comfort'or the
public will sell for these steamers a. very
limited number of tickets at a dollar each,
and the limit Is much below their capac
ity, being only 300 for the "Donahue 'and
700 for the VUlciah." The object -is^ to
have no I more people . on either, boat than
can easily and comfortably see air that is
to be seen, , : \ '¦.-. ' \ ',
LONDON, May 8.— The Dally Express
declares that an alliance between the
Cramp Ship Building Company and Vick
ers ,60ns & Majcjni, Limited, Is ready for
signature. \ -
Cramps and Vickers "Unite.
A navy court of Inquiry Is Investigating
the alleged connection of Lieutenant
Richard H. TdVnley with. the case of Cap
tain Reed, who has been tried for official
misconduct In connection with the com
missary department.
MANILA, May 7. — Lieutenant John Lv
D. Hartman, with sixty-three men of
troop K, First Cavalry, encountered " 250
Insurgents near Balayan, Batangas Prov
ince, Luzon. The enemy made three
stands and were each i time defeated by
the American cavalrymen. There were
no American casualties. ~.,. ; ,
Each. Time Defeated by
Cavalry. ,
Filipinos Hake Three Stands and Are
FORCE OF AMERICANS
- FIGHTS INBTJRGENTS
The contract for the cruiser St. Louis
was recently awarded to the Neafle &
Levy Ship and Engine Building Company
of Philadelphia. In order that there might
be no delay in the construction of the
ship. Admiral Bowles hastened the com
pletion of tracings of the St. Louis plans
and forwarded them to the firm throuch
the superintending, naval constructor. The
latter forwarded a communication ac
knowledging his receipt of the tracings.
The superintending constructor delivered
the plans to the company and, received a
receipt, which he also forwarded to the
department. • •
The company now claims that.lt nev«r
received the plans. When confronted with
its receipt, an explanation was given that
the letter acknowledging receipt of the
tracings was prepared in anticipation of
their delivery and that It had been inad
vertently signed and delivered to the su
perintending constructor.
The tracings of the. St. Louis r>lans are,
of course, valuable and would be espe
cially useful to a foreign government in
case It should obtain possession of them.
Admiral Bowles, cannot understand how
dhe tracings could disappear In such a
mysterious fashion, and in order to pro
tect- -the Interests of the government . ho
has formally recommended a thorough In
vestigation to be made. In the meantime
he has forwarded a set of blue prints to
the Neafle & Levy Company. As the trac
ings which have been lost are of no value
except to shipbuilders and to this rnd
other governments, the Inquiry, if made,
will be Important in fixing the responsi
bility for the loss and ! may indicate the
cause of their disappearance.*
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET N.
W., WASHINGTON, May 7.— There is a
mystery surrounding the disappearance of
the contract plans of the protected cruiser
St. Louis. Whether they have been lost
or stolen is a question which will prob
ably be determined by an official inquiry.
Rear Admiral Bowles, chief constructor,
is much' concerned about the matter and
has formally recommended the appoint
ment of a board to make an investigation.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
H. S. McCann, who was a member of
the crew of the Maine, has filed a claim
for $10,000 for injuries received in the ex
plosion, and Catherine Burns has filed a
claim. for $20 ,000 for the death of her son,
James Burns, who was a member of the
crew. In the petitions in these cases it
is set forth that the destruction of. the
Maine was not caused by any person or
persons in the. ship or in the employ of
the United States, or by any cause what
ever having its origin within the ship,
but by an exterior explosion, and that the
Government of Spain did not assure tho
safety and security of the battleship, a
vessel of the American navy in the har
bor of Havana, on a mission of peace and
rightfully there. The petitioners aver
that the explosion and destruction of the
Maine were directly caused by the wrong
doing and negligence of Spain and its
officers and agents, and that the Govern^
ment of Spain was and is responsible and
liable therefor. It is further set forth
that as a matter of law and fact It has
been determined by the Government of
the United States that the destruction ot
the Maine was caused by an exterior ex
plosion, and the Government of bpain
was, liable for the same.
The United States having. In the treaty
of Paris, assumed liability for the claims
of Americans against the Spanish Gov
ernment, and the Spanish Claims Com
mission having been created for the ad
judication of such claims, the claims ot
McCann and Mrs. Burns have been filed
with that commission, and the commission
must consider them at least 1 to the ex»
tent of deciding whether they come with
in its Jurisdiction. The United States be.
comes defendant in these cases, and It
will be- the duty of the Assistant Attor
ney General, who represents the Govern
ment before • the claims commission, to
practically defend the - Spanish Govern
ment. It is probable that the commission
will avoid a decision that would charge
tho Spanish Government directly with the
destruction of the Maine, and If the de
cision Is made in favor of the petitioners
It will be on the broad ground that Spain
failed to Insure the safety of the ship
while in. the harbor of Havana.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N. W.
WASHINGTON, May 7.— Claims filed be
fore the Spanish Claims Commission may
bring up for judicial determination the
question of whether the Spanish Govern
ment was responsible for blowing up of
the battleship Maine in the harbor of Ha
vana.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Up the Question ot
Responsibility.
Filing of Claims Brings
MUST DECIDE
AS TO MAINE
Officials Mystified by the
Disappearance of
Papers.
CRUISER PLANS
STRANGELY LOST
# "WASHINGTON, May 7.^-On being ad
vised about three weeks ago through the
press dispatches from London of the ex
clusion of American beef from the Brit
ish army, the State Department instruct
ed Embassador Choate to inquire into the
matter. Information has been received
at the department which would indicate
that the notice issued by the army con
tract office of the British War Depart
ment on April 9 last excludes from, army
use for six months from June 1 next for
eign beef of every description, whether
imported dead or slaughtered in Great
Britain.
Dr. Wray, Inspector of American cattle,
appointed by the Department of Agricul
ture, who has investigated the subject, is
of the opinion that the order, when car
ried into effect, will not result in a great
or a considerable loss to American ex
porters of beef or cattle, for the reason
that the domestic supply of beef for all
purposes in Great Britain and Ireland is
bo limited that whatever beef by the new
ruling and notice may be shut out from
army use necessarily will be absorbed by
the general market. .There Is no over
supply now. The annual report of the
British Board of Agriculture for 1393
showed the total of home-bred cattle in
the United Kingdom as follows: Cattle,
United Kingdom, In milk, or in calf, cows
and heifers, 2,5(2,000; other cattle,, 4,078,000;
total, 6,640,000.- : .
Assuming the 4,078,000 to be all that are
properly available for slaughter, they
would furnish something less than one ox
Or bullock for each ten persons in the
population, if the population amounts to
40,000,000. Dr. Wray thinks It clear from
the statistics that for whatever beef the
army may draw on the local markets an
equivalent will have to be furnished from
abroad for the general market.
The quantity of beef Imported from the
United States and Canada (which is
equally affected by .the ruling and notice)
is very large and increasing every year,
and is brought .to Great Britain only to
supply the demand or the aggregate con
sumption, so that, according to the views
of Mr. Wray and many exporters whom,
he has consulted, there Is . no cause . to
apprehend any appreciable direct injury
to the American trade. . '
If these views are correct, • the great
probability is that it will not be practic
able to enforce the new rule for even the
six months for which the' experiment is
proposed to be made, and that contract
ors, in order to fill their army . contracts
with the requisite quantity of beef of
good quality, will have to be permitted to
furnish some Imported meat. Dr. Wray
is equally emphatic In- expressing his
opinion ' that the operation | of the new
order is not likely to increase the exist
ing prejudice against imported American
beef and so work an indirect loss to our
exporters. He was informed at the army
contract office that - the reason for mak
ing the new order is not because of any
such prejudice either in the. War Office
authorities or among the officers and sol
diers of the army who are to be fed, but
solely due to the complaint of the British
farmers,- especially in the neighborhood
of the places where the army "authorities
purchase, and require delivery, that they
are shut out by the foreign article.
Britain Will Have to Ac
cept the Foreign
. Meat.
TRADE IN BEEF
NOT ENDANGERED
The high chief ranger paid an official
visit last Friday to Court Butter's Fort
in Sacramento. He will visit Court Rose
City on the 9th inst.
A new court was Instituted in Mayfleld
last Thurs'day night by High Chief Ran
ger Bqehm and Permanent Secretary Fal
coner.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Died at a Masonic Meeting.
LONDON, May 7. — A painful sensation
was caused to-night at a meeting of Free
Masons In Eastbourne by the sudden
death of F. S. Schrelner. elder brother of
the former Premier of Cape Colony. Wil
liam P. Schrelner.
ST. LOUIS. Mo.. May 7.— Gustave Baare,
aged 50 years, bailiff of the SL Louis
School Board and an ex-Representative in
the State Legislature, was shot and in
etantly killed at his home to-night by his
daughter, Ida, aged 20 years, who then
turned the revolver upon herself, inilicting
a wound from which she died in two
minutes. Both were shot through the
be&d.
The action of the young woman was
premeditated, as was shown by a letter
she left. In It she said that the frequent
insults offered her mother by her father
became unbearable and that she had re
solved to kill him and then herself. Baare
was taking a nap when he was killed.
Cavalry Charges the Mob.
MADRID. 3iay S.— The Government has
decided to suspend the constitutional
guarantees In Barcelona, where serious
riots have taken place among the strikers
and anarchists. The cavalry which was
called out repeatedly charged the mob.
Twenty- Year-Old Girl Resents In
sults to Her Mother and
Causes Tragedy.
MUBJ3ESS HER FATHEE
TEEN COMMITS SUICIDE
Instead of the word "lodEre," that had
been decided upon by the first grand-offi
cers elected.
John W. Considine, past errand worthy
president, Is a familiar flgrure in the
Northwest. His home Is In Seattle, and
he was one of the founders of the Order
of Ea&les. To him Is due the credit of
founding the order of "Good Things,"
which was the preliminary organization
preceding the Eagles.
The San Francisco Aerie Is working
hard to provide "lots of fun" for the visit
ing birds and claims that Eagles from
afar will be too "tired to fly"' after the
sojourn In the city by the Golden Gate.
ALL the grand officers of the Order
of Eagles will be in Ban Fran
cisco next week to attend the
Grand Aerie. Although the order
Is a young one, it has spread
from one end of the country to the other,
and the officers are now traveling to this
city to meet In national session.
Dr. H. R. Llttlefleld. grand worthy
president of the Eagles, will come here
from his home In Portland, Or., to preside
over the business meetings of the order.
Dr. Llttlefleld stands high In the profes
sion, and has lived in. Portland for thirty
two years. He Is an enthusiastic worker
In fraternal orders, and was one of the
prominent delegates who attended he
Knights Templar conclave in this city in
1883.
Peter J. Hughes, grand worthy vl«e
president of the Eagles, halls from Phila
delphia, Pa., where ha is editor of the
Philadelphia Times. He is a clever after
dinner speaker and will address the
Eagles when they sit at the banquet to
be elven at the Palace Hotel next week.
By virtue of his office Mr. Hughes is in
line for election as grand president for
the coming year.
A, E. Partridge, . grand worthy secre
tary. Is the man upon whom, devolves
much work In connection with the Order
of Eagles. His home is in Seattle, Wash.,
and he is prominent in fraternal orders.
He was for many years secretary of the
Odd Fellows. To his. energetic work may
be attributed the success of the Order of
Eagles. He was appointed to his present
post in November, 1899, and is sure of re
election. /
Del Cary Smith, grand worthy Judge ad
vocate, is a prominent attorney of Spo
kane Wash., and Is president of the aerie
of that city. He Is one of the most en
thuslastio of the order, and is now serv
ing his third term as president. His
brother Eagles recently showed their es
teem for him by presenting hia bride with
a costly piano as a wedding gift.
H. H. Thompson, grand worthy lec
turer, also halls, from Seattle, .where he
Is prominent in legal circles. ¦ Mr. Thomp
son had the distinction of drawing 1 . up the
platform of principles and objects of the
Order of Eagles, adopted' by the first
aerie. The name "aerie" was adoDted by
the order on Mr. Thompson's suggestion,
PEKING, May 7.— Some evenings aco
General Gaselee rave a smoking concert
In tbe Temple of Heaven In honor of Gen
eral Chaffee and his officers. General
Chaffee made a political speech, which,
caused comment and adverse criticism
outside the British csunp.
Xt was. however, not believed that Gen
eral Chaffee had "slopped over" quite so
much until Saturday, when the following
version was published In the official
organ of the British Legation and was
accepted on all sides as correct:
"Let Kings, Ministers and politicians
say what they may," said General Chaffee,
"but I can tell you this, that never will
you see Americans and Britishers facing
each other In the field. Our national pol
icy may be to steer -clear of International
complications, but should circumstances
arise in which we must make a choice our
Inclination will be with the Britishers."
China, will request the powers to obtain
for her a loan sufficient to pay the In
demnity as soon as the amount thereof is
made known. She will also ask for an
extra 20,000,000 taels. to be provided an
nually, according to the proposition of the
foreign Ministers.
W. Martin, the American Consul at
Nankins:, announces in a cablegram that
the secret societies there have Joined issue
with the reformers.. Chinese troops patrol
Nanking and sleep under arms.
BERLIN, May 7. — Field Marshal von
Waldersee, in a dispatch from Peking,
dated yesterday, saye that Lieutenant
Kammer and a cavalry patrol attacked
and defeated the enemy's cavalry two
hundred kilometers west of Kalgan, In
Pechlll Province.
LONDON, May ".—The rumors that the
relations between Germany and Russia
axe strained on account of slights on the
part of Count von Waldersee are dis
credited at the Foreign Office. Though it
is admitted in Downing street that the
majority of the powers are considerably
irritated by the field marshal's numerous
expeditions. It Is not believed that this
has led to any definite misunderstanding.
It may be authoritatively stated that if
the British diplomats had any reason to
believe the rumors of strained relations
between Germany and Russia It would
cause them no little satisfaction and they
would not take the trouble to discredit
them.
Epeo!«l Cable to The Call «ad New York Her-
Copyrltfit. 1S01. br the Herald Pub-
Hf*it"f Company.
Speech of the Commander
of Uncle Sam's Troops
Causes Comment.
BY STEPHEN BONSAL.
Says .the Americans Will
Never Face Them in
Battle.
CHAFFEE TALKS
TO THE BRITISH
CORDELE, Ga., May 7.— During a thun
der storm here yesterday the lightning for
a short time was terrific. Three persons
¦were struck and killed. They were Mrs.
J. J. V. Perry. & Miss Kinsey and a ne
gro man.
Lightning; Kills Three Persons.
LONDON, May 8.— A Reuter dispatch
from St. Petersburg, dated May 6, says:
The agitation against the Government
continues, especially in literary and edu
cational circles, some of whose represent
atives are said to be agitating among the
laboring classes. Many arrests and dom
icilary visits have been made in this and
other cities, and the police are extraor
dinarily active. - The correspondence of
several foreign newspaper correspondents
and of members of the diplomatic body
has been secretly examined, many letters
never reaching their destinations.
sored and .the Polica Search
for Conspirators, i
Letters of Correspondents Are Con-
RUSSIA IS FEAKITJL
OF DISASTROUS RIOTS
The report has evidently made a good
Impression, and only a few radicals will
continue to oppose its acceptance. The
convention Will meet Thursday and is ex
pected to take definite action Saturday.
Regarding coaling stations the report
set forth that the places so desired by
the United States were Capes AIay3l and
San Antonio, and another point command
ing the entrance to the Gulf of Mexico.
These would be definitely determined
upon when drawing up the treaty.. The
object of these stations would be the
maintenance of the independence of Cuba
as well as the protection of the United
States. The report also said that the
United State's would in no way interfere
with the local government, and that Pres
ident McKinley. had promised to appoint
a commission, to meet a Culban commis
sion to discuss the economic question and
to draw up a commercial treaty as soon
as the republic is established, and that
he advises the Cubans In the meantime to
study the situation in this reppect. The
report announces^ that Secretary Root
had said that there was nothing In the
Platt amendment to prevent Cuba having
diplomatic representatives in foreign
countries.
In reference to the third clause of' the
Platt amendment the report stated that
the United States would not intervene un
less Cuba was attacked by a foreign
power and there existed In Cuba a con
dition of affairs similar to that which ex
isted under Spain at the time of American
intervention.
HAVANA, May 7.-The special commis
sion r-f the Cuban constitutional conven
tion, which returned here from Washing
ton May 5, made a report during a secret
session of the convention this afternoon.
The commission presented an extensive
account of their conference with Presi
dent McKinley and Secretary Root and of
the banquets and receptions, tendered
them. Senor Glberga objected to incor
porating an account of the social pro
gramme in the report, but the commis
sion insisted upon this point.
Only a Pew Radicals Will
Object to Its Ac
ceptance.
Special Commission to
Washington Makes
Report.
AMERICAN PLAN
PLEASES CUBANS
THE SAN FKA^I CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 8, rJOl.
Memorable Gne in the History of Fraternal Orders*
Local Organization Is Mafcing Every Effort to Render the Meeting a
EAGLES' GRAND OFFIGERS ON WAY
TO THEGRAND AERIE IN THIS CITY
8
No larder is complete without
a pail of WHITE COTTO-
LENE. No household can be
called ."well regulated'-' that de-
nies itself this improvement in
domestic science.
The age of progress in which
we live demands that we lay aside
such indigestible, unpalatable
substances as hog fat and eat
foods that are wholesome and ap-
petizing.
¦ - ¦ " " •
Gottolene
Is a pure, vegetable product.
There is no department of cook-
ery in which it will not give *bet-i
; ter results than butter or lard,
! using one-third less.
i As WHITE COTTOLENE
I is neutral — having no taste or
' smell — it brings out all the nat-
ural flavor and goodness, of food.
; Try it to-day.
; fr^^S^Sgj The N.K.Fafrbank Company,
rj|>j i''^fjpL Chicago— Sols ilaattf seta rera.
l''5ilF£7P&&&'] nDCC! Our dainty booklet,
W\¥&M$J IKtCI .. A p^bj,,, g Mre t."
&?§.^ i *' )^E!^'; ' mailed free to any address.-
; W^W^'^&W- For two 2c Btarnns we wtll
l0££tr2Z&SF£l t(3d free our 125-pag« reclpo
1 |f*%2?fe2«§sa/ book, "Home Heli-s." edltsd
1 '«^£223sS'^ by. Mrs. Rorer.
P. S.— NoHo^FatinCOTTOLENB
Nearly everybody seems to be talcing Prof. Mon-
yon's 1 old Curs whenever a cola appears. It
relieves the head, nose, throat and lungs go quickly
that a cold need no longer be a forerunner of grippe,
diphtheria or pneumonia. A vial of the Cold Care
is like a life insurance policy. Every one of his
remedies is as sure. Mostly 35c vial. Gnid« to
Health free. JVIunvon, New York and Philadelphia.
BU3TOVS IMIALEB CURES I'lTABKH.
• NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I/EARNT AND ¦WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
¦¦ modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to Jl 50 day;
] S3 to $S week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths; hot
I and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room: elevator runs all night. •
BAILWAT TBAVEL.
Wabash
Tourist Cars
I>v. Chlcagro..ll a. m., Mondays and Thursdays.
Arr. Boston.. .5:20 p. m.. Tuesdays and Fridays.
Arr. New York.. 2:30 p. in., Tuesdays & Fridays.
You can use Santa Fe. Rock Island. Burling-
ton or Union Pacific excursions to connect with
Wabash. Tourist cars. Inquire of your agent
for particulars.
ROSS C. CL.INE, P. C. P. Ast..
fc Los Angeles. CaL
C. S. CRANE, G. P. Ast.. '.
St. Louis. Mo.
Daniel n*e ¦>
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
~~~ Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily. Daily. Daily. Daily.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:23 p
" Merced .. 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:33 p 3:03 a
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4-45 a
" Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksrfleld . 6:S0 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
•• Kan City 2:41a 7:30 a
~" Chicago I 2:15 p 9:00 p 1
a for morning', p for afternoon.
. 9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cara and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersf.eld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No seoond-clas3
tickets arq honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:03 a. m. daily.
8:C0 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palaco and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out nt Fresno. Corre-
sponding train' arrives at 5:53 p. m. daily
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stoppin™
at all points In San Joaqtiin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily
Offices— €il Market street «nd !n Ferry
Depot, Ean Francisco; , 1113 Broadway,
Oakland. .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD-
Via Sau?allto Ferry.
Commencing April 28. 1901.
FROM W™™*™™^.****!
WEEK DAYS— €:E5. 8:30. •9:30.-11:00 a. m.
12:45, »l:«. 3:15, 4:15, 5:15, «8:15, 6:45 p ta.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
i^^ndays^T&an^il^O^V 5 "^^
a. S^^^^:l6%^:^° : 6 V7!Sv^
11:00 a^ m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
Train!" marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FKLANClSro
WEEK DAYS-»5:25. 6:27. 7:47. «•» !*&
a. m.. »12:25. 1:15, 2:20. »3:3o. 4:40. 6 Mo m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays.' Wednesday,
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m. uueBaays
SUNDAYS-6O5, 9:45. •11:00 «. m •«
m.. 1:00. 2:15. •3:30.. 4:30. •=:#, 6:45. 7:3o7i0ao
p. xn«
Trains marked (*) utart from San Ouentfn
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-«:43. 6:45. 7:55. 8^ io-m
a. m.. 12:33. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. .5-20 Id m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdivs
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p. a
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00, 10:05, 11:10 a."m > li-ii
1:20, 2:30. 3:43. 6:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10 :30%.^i} "*
THROUGH TRAINS. *" ™*
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
3:13 p." m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way at*.
ToSlSs^d^^oS^ 7 *
stations. ¦ ¦¦¦-.. -.•--• ¦--.--
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Tla S*a»Uio rerrj— F««« of Uarkat St. ,.'
?:Sp JJ*i...... week. days....: S SS'-"-
4ll5 p.' m! > St v "« «J«i»» m m. TATua-v 5 •>:£? '• JJ-
8KK)A. M.I ; fl2 : l?»*M.
9:00 a. M. ' I 1-15f'm
k« m IBB
-, . T JT^ BM rr »" ol '«» «» S-namlt ul «rtnrn. J1.4O
Ticket Offices. 621 Market, St.. & SansalUo Ferry.
BATLWAY TEAVEL. .
ff^'A "i * Just » little btti*
II ' than tnj other tram «
i ' — a HtUo better service—^ |
t H a more homelik*
I! feeling on the p
I CALIFORNIA
LIMITEO
than you find clsewtiers, H
and it runs like this |
LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO |
19 m Mon Tues Wsd Thsr Frl Sat Sun |
ARRIVES CHICAGO |
2.15 pn Thur Fri Sat Sun Mon Tues Wed 5
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO I
ON THE |
¦ j
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* !•*»»«• «••«• »»«•• «"••" '• «wrl»« ¦•»
MAN riUJH!IW».
(Main Une. Toot of Market Street)
tBAT. _ From Mat 3^ 1901. - akriv
"7i3Oa Bejilda. Suisun, Ebnira, V«»TEIe,
Ilnuisey »ud hacrauienlo 7:35p
-•3Ua D»tK WowlUod. Knights LaLduig. •
Marj3Till«, «>ro»lil«_ --• 7sS-»r
7.a«»A All»uUo Kxpresa— O t <lo» »nd *«•* 12:3Sp
7 j»Oa rort » ost*. M.rtiLez, ftemo, Han-
ford, Visalla, Forter.Uo 4:i»r
S:O«A M»rtiiiex.S»uK»ni«)U,V»lleK>»P».
. C'»llxt4>»» »u<I 8»»t» Ut»a O:Zar
8:O»a NUe«. Pl«as»nton, UTermort Stock-
x ton. Fi«qo, flanford. \:»»1U.
Parterrille ~ ........... * »»»»'
8>30a Shasta Eipress-Dafk. W 111 ms(for
Bartlett Springs). Will, in, fitU
Bluff. Portland. 7:33p
• i**A S»i» Jon, LiTermOTe. H».«!kto«».
louA. S»craiimtit«n Fla -ttuM.
M»ri«ill^. Chieo, V-A It ..IT 4:Z3p
8i3Oa Onkdalr, Chinese (Tomjuw), Bo- •
nor*. Carter*... .?'??*
»j»O» Hajw»r(!g, Nil<-« »nd W »y 8tatiou«. 1 I»»3a
»>O»a lx» Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy. Lattir"j\ A u :*ton, ilercea
Vtomno »»•«• JjOB Au*o!ea J«~'
*J«»A Vallrto. Jiartiua4.mil \\ *f HUtfoiU »»»»
I OiOOa Tho OTWlaad Umitwl— Ogdon, Den-
w. Omaha. Chlcmgn .t'l?J
tl:»Op8»cr»inBUU>lU»er.St»»meiii *S'?, A
S:3l»p Uaywarda. H»>-» «nd Way KUtlona. 7i*3r
¦atmvr Meuieia, Winters, Saerameuto.
Wooilland. KnlkhU J^udluc.
M.rysTillff, Orofilla I0s53a
• 4iO»r Mirliner, Hau lUnion, Vallojo,
N»i*. »!»l!iit.>ica. Sai.t* Rom...... ••¦»*•
4K>Op NHot. UTennore, Stockton. Lodl... 1«>9Aa
*.a»»- IlRywirds. Nilea Ban.lo.e.IJTTnBor« t»' a; »A
5-.o«r Tbo Owl XJmitad— Tntcr. Stockton.
Kiesuo, Bakersflelrf. .Sft'i^us for
. Santa Barbara. lx» Anttt)ea J SsSSa
5:OOp Kew Orleans ExprwwT-Bakerarleld.
Ism Aneelea. Doming. Kl Paso, _
New OxleoosandKaat 2-2*
BrOoy Tosemlto .»• '*?? A
' «:ft«r Hay wards, Nile* audgau Jo«» 7 ¦•>¦>»
t«)OOr Vaflejo 11:034
SiOOr Oriental Mail— Osden. CUeyeaae.
Omaha. Chicago !»:»•¦»?
• :O Op Oriental Mall— Ogden. Deuter.
Omaha. Chicago. 4:23p
7i00r Oregon aud California Kxi«reiia,M«o- .
ranieutit, Marymille, Keilillng,
1'ortlHinl. riiget Mound anil Kuk 8iS3a
8t«.%p San Pablo. Fort Costa, Martinez
am! Way Stations 11>.V>*
t»:O3p Vallnjo 7i53p
COAST LINE (N«rro.t <.ans;e).
(Koot of Market Street.) £i; -
tTiTivA Sint-v Crnz Kxcnrsion 10 danta Cma
and Prino-pU Way Stations {9:O3r
8: 15* Newark. OiiM;rfl!livSaii .lo»a, Crl ton.
Boulder Cruek.Oanta Orus and Way
Htattous 3s3np
t3<ISp Newark Contervltlr. Sail .Io«a, New
AlumJfo, KeltoD. ISouIdor (Jreok.
8anta Crux and Principal Way
SUUons flwjnoA
4il3r Newark, San Jose. Lot Gates { ,]£:£{,'£
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrsmSIS raUCISCQ— f»»t *t H>rk«l SUnl(SUsS)—
17:15 9:00 11:00a. ». 1:03 3:03 5:X3r.u.
friaOHUIJ— fMl.tBr««iJw»j.— 1«.00 {9:00 13:03
10:00*. M. 12:03 2:03 i:03r.M.
COAST- IilXE (Broa.l Haage).
(Third aitd To-rnseml Sta.)
StlWA ban Jose and Way actions. «:ui»p
f7:«OA Mail Jose anil Way Station* isSCip
t~l3WA Sunday Excursion for San Jcta.
Hai.U Craz. Y*<AAo Grore and
Principal Way Stations JS:30p
BiOOa hau Juae, Tres I'Iiiob. HhiiU Crux.
Paeiflc GroT<>. saJinia Han Lois
Obtspo ami PrincdD>l iatsrmedUta
KUMona. 4:10p
10t»0A San Jcse and Way Stations.. ?>.1op
/¦O:3ua New Aluiaden / S:3ur
I IiXOa N*ii Jose ami Way SUtinnii SiUOp
fSsiarSan MatKo. U«dwoixl, .Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Hauta Clara, .San .lcjn»,
Trea Pinos. Hanta Cruz. Saiinas.
Mouterey ami Paeilic firore tlo:45*
»s3«r Ran Jose and Way Htatlons 6:.'I»A
f4:ISp San Jose and Principal Way .Stations »: »•"»»
t»:OOp8an Jos«. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations f9:OOt
»:3Op 8aii.Insi> and Principal Way .Stations 8:35a
OiOOp Kedwoid. Han Jost>. Gllr«y. Sallaas,
Santa Barhara, Ixm Aogelea 10:05\
6:00p Dal Monte, Monterey, Paaflo Grore.
Lou.poo 1O:«3*.
•:»«p San Jose an.l Way Stations f«:O«»»
all:45p San Jose and Way Stations. 7:S0y
A for Moraine. P for Afternoon,
t .Sunday exce|ite<L t only,
a Saturday only. / Tuesdays and Frlila7».
CALIFORHIi -K0RTB1ESTKBI RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCiSCO ANO KOHTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Frnnclaco to San Rafael.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. tn.: 12:33.
S:30, 6:10. «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
• at 11:30 p. 01. Saturdays— Kxtra trips at l:J0
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:C0; fi:20 p. m.
]»¦ Rttfnel t» 3aj» Franciso*.
"VVEEIC DAYS— <:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:*3;
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at Ida
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:*>.
5:05. 6:23 p. in.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ean Francisco. fAprtl 18. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- t I Sun- I Wee*
Daya. [ day*. [ Destination. I days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
«:S0 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm «:20 pm
Fulton. __
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
5:00 pm Hsaldsbure, 10:40 am
- . Lytton.
Geyserville.
1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pm! Hopland 110:40 am|10:23 am
1:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Ukiah. I 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami " I 10:40 an 10:25 ana
¦ *¦ f 8:0» amf Guernerllle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pml 5:00 pm| *:20 ym
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9il3 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pml Glen Ellen. 8:95 pm 8:20 pm
.7:30 ami 8:00 ami I 1 ?'*? am | 1 «:S am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
Statres connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: a'.
for the Gey»ers: at Hopland for Duncan
Kprlnss. Highland Springs. Kelseyvhle. Car! t-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Sprjnss Saratoga
Sprlni*. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Sprints Upper Lake. Pomo Potter Valley.
John Days. Riverside. Lierley*s. Bucknells.
Sanhearin Heiirhts. Hullville. Orr"* Hot
Spring. Mendocino aty. Fort Brars. West-
port Usal. Willits. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Sprinsrs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
"Saturday^to Monday round trip tickets at r«-
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
bevond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office — 650 Market Street. Chronic!*
Bulletins.
H. C WHITING. R- "X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ast.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6129 HEARS Y ST. Established
In 1S54 for the treatment of 1'rlvHt"
Diseases. J<n*t MatUH.od. Debility or.
(liwas» weoriDgein body and mind and
Slcin Diseases. The Doctor cores -when
others "fail. Try him. Charges low.
Cure* guaranteed. Call or write.
Dr. JT. F. CilBBON. San Francisco. CaL
WbbMiM $1.00 BBPYear
A 'HVTi'BTTS'E'lvrFTTTS.
\ v \\ Comfort I
I sKmkxuw- j 5 t |j e U n|ygrsal lesil-
roony or people wlio oear
Kti/raa- -cup j
f V^lf^ Afljurtible to Any \
I" x«iii§fc* Klna of Eye " )
\ W~ feL pisses. i
\ St!5HS#\ OTJR ETEOLABSES V
' £«§§SgtJ acd Epectacles are V
-E3* better, wear longer,
are thoroughly com- /
f ortable from first to if
last aafl cost no more than other -\
Slassea; In short, they represent the' •
perfection of eyeglass manufacture. J
Oculists' prescriptions accurately /
i \ ¦ compounded. \
It will surprise vou how cheaply '
¦we are selling eoods in our Camera,
Photo Supplies. Cutlery and Barber /
Supplies Departments. A
AVe give special attention to nail (f
orders. \
)Maxt-Sl)IrpserPnp. » 42[7lfep~3i .) '
World Famous Mariani Tonic
WRITTEN ENDORSEMENTS FROM
MORE THAN
8,000 PHYSICIANS.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
DR.PIERCES
MEDIC AX'
FOR THE
I Bfl.OOD.LIVER.mMGS.
08| CHICHCCTCR'8 CNOLICH
pEHNYROYftL P§ltS
B^,<5J*V Ori«j»B«I»B4 Oily OcnnlBe.
K-VTrV\ l| AFE. Alw.Tirellabta. Ladlac uk DrwUM
1» I1EO »n< t™!d Btu^le bow. K alc«
£^ SEr'fel? ltk "¦• ritfcon - . T " ko ¦• • tie '-- Rcf*-*
Tn "23 *»'««»"• BoUntltBtfwB. umd Imlta.
I W ' ZP (uaiM tor Partlmslmn, Te.tlm««laU
Wv ¥r *°* "Belief for L*mt»r, I 'MUK.r,lrjr«.
0^C\-// tur» Mall. lO.O«OT«tiiB.»lalL 8.14 by
Kmttm tblMff*. MmiUmm Stunk »»"" * . 1*2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Women of refinement who regard healthful
I cooking as a paramount duty; good cooks,
3 leading clubs and hotel chefs, and cooking
j authorities everywhere earnestly recommend
I Wesson's Salad Oil as better value than j
the most delicately flavored Imported Olive 2
Oil and costs very much less. Send for book- \
let, which contains exceptional recipes, by
Lida A mes Willis, National Food Writer, Lec-
turer and Demonstrator; Mrs. S. T. Rorer,
Principal Philadelphia Cooking School; A. !
Mantz, Steward and Manager Rittenhouse
Club, and other valuable information free. \
1 Ask your friendly grocer for Wesson's Oils
and avoid unhealthful cooking fats. '
t Strictly Reliable.
Dr.Talcott
-
& co.
Diseases and
Weakness of
MENONLY
By for the greater number of patients seek-
ing relief for so-called weakness ore etrong
robust men in every other respect. Our theory
that Impotency, Prematureness, etc., are not
weaknesses, but the symptoms of inflammatory
'processes in the Prostate Gland (so called neck
of bladder) caused by contracted disorders and
early dissipation, la row being adopted by-the
leading specialists of the- world, and that bug-
bear, "Weakness of Men,". Is removed from tha
list of incurable disorders. Even the layman
can understand that tonics cannot cure inflam-
mation, and these canes, under their adminis-
tration, go from bad ¦ to worse. Under our
local plan of ! treatment, directed toward re-
ducing the enlarged and. swollen Prostate, im-
mediate results, as indicated by. increased cir-
culation and renewed strength, are observed.
Our • colored chart of the organs, which we
send free on application, is Interesting to any
one wishing to study the anatomy cf the male.
997 MARKET STBEEiVCor. Sixth.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
JiOSEUB OF mhlOffll
A Cp 1051 JtiBZITST. Irt. 8±t7th, S.F.Cal. A
\ S| T'* e l- ar < e " Anatomical Museum in tbe \
B wefe**. ' w ' orlt *- w eikuesses or any contracted A
i*. «W«W dlsease PO» l "»« <t y<-up«»dr)ytheolclest T
\0 flptal Specialist on the Coast. Esl 36 years. ©
4 §%%*§> 0P- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN Q
\ In|x|lM Consultation free and strictly private. \
g fl Jl*yc n TpMtment personally or by kltcr. A ff
\ K If nn r '" itive Cot* in eyery case undertaken. T
BFU II » w nte f<" Book. PHILOSOI'aY or A
. V '.{I \yt MftniRIASE, HAILED FREE. fAV
X {f Ur valuable book for nm) A
f IMS. JORDAN &. CO., 1051 Market St.; 8.' P. Y
DR.-;MEY'ERS&'CO. '¦¦.: / dB^r\
Specialists. DIs- &MW '
ease and Weakness Bpsl
lished 1881. Consul- ' 'MV! \ r
tatlon and ' private '•" • \tj jV ¦ , : r'^^X
book free,, at office 'aWWoS
or by mail. Cures
guaranteed. 731 - NsU8ptK»|
Market street (ele- A***a^iSi»
vator entrance), >SS\. /lT>S£3Si«
Sari Francisco. -^sSs^ir^S l iSs&POPULAR TOUNG COUPLE WHO
ARE TO BE MADE HUSBAND
AND WIFE TO-DAY.
PROMINENT OFFICIAL OF
CUSTOMS-HOUSE AND HIS
YOUNG BRIDE.
The new steam schooner G. C. Lindaur
¦was launched at Grays Harbor yesterday.
She will carry about 450,000 feet of lumber
and was built 'for Wilson Bros. She will
be engined in this city.
Fred Olsen, : a longshoreman, fell down
the hold of the collier Milton yesterday.
,The distance; is more than fifty feet, yet
Olsen was alive and conscious when found
and the first thine he. asked for was a
glass of beer./ At the Harbor Hospital
Dr. McElroy found that no bones were
broken, but that there was possibly in
ternal injuries. Olsen still asked for beer,
but the doctor said "no" positively. Still
the injured man's friends managed to
smuggle in a bottle and Olsen drank it all.
After that Dr. McElroy washed his hands
of the case. .
"Water Front Notes.
On Thursday, May 2, a delightful lunch
eon was given by Mrs. C. Pratt at her
home, 23 Shotwell street, in honor of her
birthday. Covers were laid for twenty.
Those seated at the table were Mrs. C.
Pratt, Mrs. S. Cox, Mrs. A. Iredale, Airs.
J. Sullivan, Mrs. V. Bowers, Mrs. C.
Krecker, Mrs. C. Toung, Mrs. L. Wolters,
Mrs. T. Fell, Mrs. W. Morris, Mr3. M.
Wanamaker, Mrs. H. Heeseman, Mrs. J.
Lunholm, Mrs. A. Widman, Mrs. A. Cos
grove, Mrs. J. Gilbert, Mrs. J. C. Day,
Teresa Wheeler, Miss Gertrude Living
ston, Miss Mae Nolan, Miss Elsa Hoesch,
Miss Rapp, Miss Lucile Levy, Miss Isa
belle Burkmaier, Miss Thorp, Miss F.
Milroy. Miss Emily Mason, Miss Ethel
Girkmaier, Miss Louise Bartlett, Mr.
Herbert Donegan, Mr. George Dinsmore,
Dr. Stephens, Mr. Wheeler.- Mr. Wilson,
Mr. Emile White, Mr. J. B. Kelly, Mr. ,
Thomas O'Toole, Mr. J. N. Kelly, Mr.
McDonald," Mr. | Leonard . Schwartz, Mr.
Henry, Mr. George Fuller, : Mr. C. M.
Fickert. •
A birthday party was recently given by
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Pertinent Facts Shown in the April
Report of the Local Bureau's
Statistician.
JAPANESE LEADING
THE IJOHGBANT BOLL
Richard Eccleston, statistician of the
United States Immigration Bureau, has
prepared the report of landing of immi
grants at this port during the month ot
April as follows:
"ToUtf number landed, 461 immigrants
and 241 tourists. Nationalities—Japan
ese, 142; English. 122; Mexican. 46: Span
ish-American.'. 29; Scandinavian. 17; Ital
ian. 14, Scotch,- Austrian and Filipino. 12
each, and Irish 11. Amount of money
shown, 534.5H2. Occupations— Mariners, 87;
merchants, 52; house servants, 29; not
stated. 26; miners, 22; laborers. 19; farm
laborers, 17: farmers, 9; clerks, 8: skilled
laborers, 8; dressmakers, 4; tailors. ' 4;
clergymen, 3r no occupations", including
women and children. 149."
One hundred and fifty-four of the immi
grants were returning to the United
States. . •
Camera Club Shows Slides.
At the conclusion of the regular month
ly meeting- of the California Camera Club
last ni^ht, lantern slides belonging to
j. W. Irving, president of the club, were
exhibited. It is the custom of the ciub
to give these monthly exhibitions for the
edification of the members and their
friends, and usually slides from Eastern
clubs are displayed.
STIERLEX WINS A POINT.— Judge Heb
bard handed down an opinion yesterday deny
ing the petition of Emma Stlerlen for an ali
mony judgment against her husband. George
Stlerlen.. Judge HebbarJ holds that the agree
ment of separation entered into between tha
parties litigant, by the terms of which Mrs.
Stlerlen • was given $11,000, forecloses any sub
sequent light she may have had to compel her
husband to contribute toward her maintenance
and support. • . .
Cable advices received at the Merchants*
Exchange yesterday announced the death
of Captain SamuelMcLellan of the Brit
ish ship Port Patrick. When the vessel
left, here on January 5 last the gallant
skipper was in perfect health; but when
the Port Patrick reached Queenstown yes
terday her flag was at half mast.-
Death, of Captain McXellan.
News received from Dutca Harbor by
the Merchants' Exchange states that
eighty-five miles this side of Nushagak
the sea was frozen solid. The steam
schooner Despatch left i-utch Harbor on
April 2 for Nushagak, but could not get
within eighty-five miles of the place on
account of the Ice. She returned to Dutch
Harbor and .was still there on April 16.
Arctic Frozen Solid.
The Argonaut Club entertained Its
friends wlthan assembly at Cotillon Hall
last Tuesday evening. The guests were
received by tho following: Samuel M.
Willner, Frank C. Stratford. Dr. Calvin
W. Knowles, Joseph B. Duggan, Robert
Marshall, Alfred Goldstein, Louis Forn
er, Herbert D. Walter and Robert Me-
Gill Jr. Among the guests. were: Miss
Herrman; Miss Cora Kelcey, Miss Maud
Hermenway, Miss Rose Hermenway, Miss
Katherine Wasson, Misses Belden, Miss
Merven Wehe, Archie McDowell and
Willie Sullivan. .
The engagement is announced of Miss
Hilda Hamilton of 612 Webster street to
Ralph A. Russell of Santa Barbara.
Hoitt's School has issued invitations for
the senior reception at Menlo Park, Sat
urday, May 11. < I
Miss Fannie Cohn of 1011 Scott street
will discontinue her day at home during
the summer months.
Miss Gussie Hirsch has gone to Los An
geles on a visit.
Walter Jacobs, son o£ Samuel and Fan
nie Jacobs, will be confirmed Saturday
morning. May 11, and will receive at his
home, 618 Golden Gate avenue, during the
afternoon.
Miss Sarah Lubosch has gone to Los
Angeles on a visit.
Mr. Garfield Ingram and Mr. Leon
Guttman entertained a number of their
friends Sunday. May 5, at Mill Valley.
; Their guests were: Misses Alice Condon,
Lillian Levey, Mary Naah, Rose Condon,
Carrie Leaden, Messrs. Herman Levy,
George Morgan, Teddy Levey.
The annual meeting of the board of
trustees of the San Francisco State Nor
mal School was held yesterday afternogn
at the office of the secretary. H. O. W.
Dinkelspiel. Chairman S. C. Denson. F.
A. Hyde and W. G.-Jobson were present.
The folluwinff additions to the faculty
were made: Miss Jean Parker was elect
ed principal of the Le Conte Training
School, F. F. Bunker was elected a nev.
member of the faculty, and Professor W.
J. V. Osterhout lecturer In science. Miss
Eva Levy, Miss Bertha Roberts and Mi3»
Evangellne Adams were elected assistant
teachers. Miss Margaret Schallenbergjr
was granted a leave of absence from Sep
tember until June of next year in order to
permit her to take her Ph.D. derree in
Cornell University.
Miss Jean Parker, who enters the Nor
mal School corps, has had an experience
of over thirty years in the San Francisco
School Department. For over . twenty
years she has been principal of the Broad
way Grammar SchooL
Mr. Bunker is a graduate of the State
University and the Los Angeles Normal
School. He was for two years actlnff
principal of the Santa Rosa Hlsh School.
Professor Osterhout of the State Uni
versity will give a course of lectures in
science and direct for a time elementary
science in the Training School.
Several Changes Are Hade by the
Board of Trustees at Their An
nual Meeting. . "
NEW MEMBERS OF TACXTLTZ
OF STATE NORMAL SCHOOL
On their return from the honeymon Mr
and Mrs. Stephens will be glad to receive
their friends on the second and fourth
Tuesday of each month at 1969 Eddy
street. - -
Mrs. Stephens is. the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John W. Spencer and is well
known in Western Addition musical
circles.- She has a beautiful contralto
voice and is also a fine performer on the
piano. Her. host of friends will be sur
prised to hear that she is now a matron
as the fact that the marriage was about
to take place had been kept a profound
secret.
Charles A. Stephens is one of the most
popular employes of the Custom-house.
As inspector and boarding officer he has
made numerous friends among the mer
chants by his courteous treatment of all
with whom he came-in contact;: ,~ He has
been about eight years in the' employ of
Uncle Sam and during that time has won
the confidence and good will of his su
periors. .
place • at the , home of the bride,
2028 Golden Gate avenue, the Rev. Wil
liam Rader. D.D., of the Third Congre
gational Church being the officiating
clergyman. The relatives of the bride
arid groom and. a few intimate friends
were the only ones present. Immediately
after the wedding Mr. and Mrs. Stephens
left for the south.
AVERT pretty but quiet wedding
was that of Miss Emily M. Spen
cer and Charles A. Stephens last
evening. The ceremony took
POLICE JUDGES
SHIFT HEARING
All of Them Fight Shy
of the Fiihrig Mur
der Case.
Woman's Attorney Seeks in
Vain to Have Prelimi
¦ : . nary Held.
"Isn't it funny," said Ferral as he left
the court room, "that I have to go and
beg Judges to hear a case of murder?
Don't you think it should be the other
way?"
The hearing was assigned to Judge Con
lan's court two weeks ago, but was con
tinued from, time to time, as Attorney
Ferral was engaged In the Superior
Courts. Ferral saw Judge Conlan Monday
morning and told him he was ready to
proceed, but as the Judge was leaving for
his vacation he said he would, assign it to
Jud?e Fritz's court.
Yesterday Ferral wa3 present in Judsje
Fritz's court with the defendant and tha
witnesses, but • the Judge said the case
was not on his calendar and he could not
take it. Ferral saw Assistant District At
torney Weller, and he informed him that
Judge Conlan had assigned the case to
Judge Mogan's court. He went to Judga
Mogan, but was informed that the case
was not on his calendar and he had heard
nothing about It. So it was passed along.
As a last resort Ferral went to Judge
Cabaniss. as he was led to understand
that Cabaniss had been temporarily ap
pointed Presiding Judge by Conlan. Ca
baniss said he was getting tired of hav
ing such matters passed to him all the
time, and he thought one of the other
Judges should take the case.- Finally he
promised to look into the matter and said
if he could get another stenographer,
Howard Vernon having not yet recovered,
from, a serious illness caused by over
work, he might take the case himself. He
asked Ferral to appear with the defend
ant and the witnesses this morning- and
promised that some disposition would
then be made of the case. • . .
A curious state of affairs was shown In
the police courts yesterday when ex-
Judge Ferral asked each Judge, one after
the other, to hear the preliminary exam
ination of Dora Fuhrig, the midwife
charged with murder In connection with
the death of Mrs. Hennineer of Folsom
street, about two weeks ago, and each
tried to shift the case.
DEFKAUDING AN INNKEEPER. — George
Brown, alias Polndexter, and Bert Capsum,
alias Murphy, the two. young men who. had
a hiKh old time at' the Maison Alladio Sunday
rteht and Monday morning, appeared before
Judtee Fritz yesterday on the charge ; of de
fravding- on innkeeper. - The case was . con-'
tinaed till Friday. : .
. . s; ; ;. . -'
Call at office of. pacific Coast Steamship
Co., 4 New, Montgomery, sty ' and ¦ inform
yourself ., concerning : that company's im-.
proved .service. and. low rates; to Los l An
geles, San Diego, Santa Barbara, Tacoma,'
Seattle, Juneau, Skaguay and all Pacific
Coast ports. ItsiSSj
Why Don't You Travel by Sea?
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Agnes R. Knowles from Henry C.
Knowles for cruelty; Mary G. von Bulow
from J. M. Bulow for desertion: H. Ita
Gushau from Harry J. Gushau for failure
to provide, and Ida May Brown from \V.
I Brown for cruelty.
Suits for divorce were filed by Thomas
Muller against Jennie A. Muller for cruel
ty; Alice Crawford against William L.
Crawford for desertion: M. Marguerite
Wilson against Charles Wilson for deser
tion* Ida Mozarosky against Philip Moz
arosky fpr cruelty; Alancon Lewis against
Helen Er Lewis for desertion, and Cather
ine Welsh' against Thomas Welsh for de
sertion. /
In the Divorce Court.
Samuel. Beach was also arrested yester
day on : a charge of -burglary. He broke
into the room of Mrs. Celia Brown, 1007J4
Market' street. May -2, and' stole all h<»r
clothing.- The detectives recovered ' tile
clothing in a pawnshop. .
Joseph- Kearney, an ex-convict, was ar
rested by Detectives Ryan and O'Dea and
Policeman McNamara and booked at the
City Prison on two charges . of- burglary
April 30 he broke into the office of the
Abend Post an-1 stole a- quantity of type
metal which he sold. He also broke into
the premises'of T. J. Sparks at 203 Fre
mont street and stole $60 worth of brass
He has already served four terms In the
State's Prison. «. „ , . *
Burglars Safe Behind the Bars.
To-morrow I will sell 500 men's . suits,
single or double breasted sacks, in va
rious shades. Also woolen cheviots worth
$15 for only $4.65 a suit. 'Will also sell at
the same time and place. 250 men's over
coats, box, tan, covert or Oxford gray
cheviot, all wool, velvet . collars, to-mor
row, for $4.C5 at the Clothing Assignee
Sale of the Boston, 773 Market street; near
Fourth. P. C. Kelly, assignee. ?
Suits and Overcoats for Men.
WILL- GIVE RECEPTION
TO MISSIONARY WORKERS
Mrs. Sims and Mrs. Williams to B©
Guests of Ladies of Simpson
• Memorial Church.
The ladles of Simpson Memorial Church
will .tender a reception to-morrow after
noon to Mrs. Laura J. Sims, president of
the Deaconess Bureau of the San Fran
cisco district of the' Women's Home Mis
sionary Society, and Mrs. L. P. Williams,
president of the Oriental Bureau of the
same' society. . . ,. .
The reception will be held at the resi
dence of Mrs. Captain Charles Goodall on
the southeast corner of Pierce and Mc-
Allister streets.. Mrs. Sims has just re
turned from an extended tour in the East,
where she has been studying the best
methods of missionary work which will
be applied to the movement as carried on
by the society. Mrs. -Williams will also be
an honored guest. She has just recovered
from a serious illness. r \- \,\' -
Ladies. from all the Methodist churches
of the city will be present to greet the
two zealous workers in the cause of mis
sions. A programme has . been - prepared
which will open with an address of wel
come by Mrs. C.B. Perkins. Vocal solos
will be rendered by Mrs. J. E. Goody and
Mrs. James H. Humphreys, Miss Binnle de
Forest will deliver -a recitation and piano
selections will be played by Miss L. Bush,
Miss Carrie Bright will entertain with the
violin and Mrs. Sims ; . will tell of her im
pressions in the East.; Miss Parsons .will
have charge of the young ladies who will
serve refreshments. The following ladies
will compose the reception committee :
- Mrs. Robert McElroy, Mrs. Bishop
Hamilton, "Mrs. George M. Barrett, Mrs.
James H. Humphreys, Mrs. John Steph
ens, Mrs. ¦ C. B. - Perkins, I Mrs. ,¦ John | Lee,
Mrs. Julia Congdon,. Mrs.; L. A. Peters,
Mrs./J. B. Robinson, ; Miss Cora; Delano,
Miss L. Parsons. . <. . •
Drivers "Will Race^
"The Golden Gate Park Driving Associa
tion met last night and determined upon
plans for the -Decoration ¦'¦ Dav meeting.
Through . the j courtesy of * T." H. Williams
i the association will hold Its trotting- meet
ing. this year i at iTanforan.- There will be
live races: with < purses of. $100 for. each
race, .besides: the O'Kane: cup 'event.
:¦¦. In f the- near .future -the. association will
incorporate for: the building of a half-miJe
track for trotters. : ¦¦* ¦ • . . ¦
"Wisdom of Solomon Exemplified in
the Ruling of a Nevada
County Judg«.
NEVADA CITT. May 7.— Sheriff Get
ehell has gone to Truckee to saw a house
into two pieces to carry out an order of
the Superior Court. The house belongs to
a. man named Lafty, and is built partly
on the lot of Mrs. Vernon. The two quar
reled and carried the fight into court.
There being no other chance for a com
promise the court gave the Sheriff
Instructions to divide the house, first re
oufring the woman to give a bond of
52000 as Indemnity against damages. The
Sheriff is waiting for the bond to be filed
before acting.
EKEBIFF IS OHDEBED
TO SAW HOUSE IN" TWO
Another miner or two will be sent down
the. shaft of the Exploration Company's
mine to-day.
Then Mr. Moore of the Grass Valley
people took him In hand and set him bur
rowing again. with the object of getting
the witness lost and confused under ground
and burying him there,- but Williams ap
peared ., to be well acquainted with what
he was talking about, and even John
Garber did not succeed in throwing dirt
into his eyes. .
Some o£ the ore bodies were like aneur
isms on a human vein, of irregular and
unsymmetrical shapes,, often resembling
potatoes, flapjacks, onion omelets and lin
seed poultices as shown on the papier
mache model and explained by the
witness. Through all these the witness
worked in his testimony like a human
mole, often connecting one body. with an
other by . stringers or leaders of ore at !
least half an inch thick, so that when Mr
Lindley pulled him to the surface he
emerged triumphantly 'at the Pennsyl
vania apex. •
The whole day was taken up with the
direct and crons examination of John
Williams, " a miner from the Pennsyl
vania's diggings. His direct examination
by Curtis H. Llndley led him down the
shaft of the Exploration Company's
quartz mine and set him burrowing after
the ledges, veins and ore bodies tapped by
that shaft, directly and indirectly, by
means of drifts, stopes, inclines and other
things. He was then sent burrowing at
different, depths . until he had traced the
Sold bearing- deposits to the original apex
within the surface .boundaries of the
Pennsylvania mine.
The trial of the suit of the Pennsyl
vania Consolidated Mining Company
against the Grass Valley Exploration
Company was resumed before ( Judge Mor
row Without a jury yesterday.'
John Williams, an Ex
perienced Miner, Plays
Gopher.
GRASS VALLEY
TRISL RESUMED
But the other side claims that they
have not given up the fight and other
complications are sure to 'follow.
Michael Mullaney, -who represented the
pla5ntiff, William Grant, said that the
sale placed the entire control of the prop
erty In the hands of his client and. that
the sale was llnal..
Some 90,000 shares of the capital stock of
the Tuolumne County Light and Power
Conipany were sold yesterday by Sheriff
Lackmann in front of the City Hall. One
lot represented the interest of J. R, Jar
boe and the other that of J. J. Crooks.
Attorney William Grant purchased Jar
boe's portion for $250 and secured the
Crooks lot of nearly 70,000 shares on a bid
Of $1000.
This places Grant In complete control of
the company, for out of the 100,000 shares
outstanding he now owns all except about
1700 shares. The sale was made by virtu©
of a judgment and writ of execution Is
sued by the Superior Court of Tuolumne
County In a suit brought by Grant about
a year ago. Slg Simon, the Sheriff's
bookkeeper, acted as auctioneer, and al
though the bidding was not spirited,
Simon discharged his duties to the satis
faction of those most interested in the re
sults.
When the suit was originally brought
WJlliam Grant appeared as the plaintiff
and Paul R. Jarboe and J. J. Crooks as
the defendants. The suit was to recover
about $19,000 on a deficiency judgment. In
the maze of legal complications appear
the names of Prince Poniatowskl,. Ban
nister, the mining promoter, who was re
cently compelled to give up his gold
watch in satisfaction of a Judgment, and
the Columbia marble quarry, in which
most of the people named above are di
rectly interested. • Regarding . the latter
phase a suit' Is now pending in the Su
perior Court of San Mateo County to de
cide who shall receive the $5000 a year
rental that the Grant side has attached.
So complicated is the situation that even
the attorneys concerned can scarcely give
a lucid explanation of the matter.
A portion of the stock sold yesterday
stood before judgment was rendered in
t*ie name of J. J. Crooks. Subsequently
it was transfered to his wife, Amanda C.
Crooks. Jarboe's stock was transferred
to his mother, Mrs. Mary H. Jarboe, and
under these names it was sold by the
Sheriff.
Transfer of Tuolunme
Light and Power
Holdings.
SHERIFF SELLS
BLOCK OF STOCK
The wedding is to be a simple one as to
details, although it Is the most fashion
able event of many- months.; The bride is
to have but on© attendant, Miss '- Daisy.
Van Ness, who will act as maid of honor.
Robert Eyre, the groom's business associ
ate, is to be the best man — Edward Ses
sions, Harry Houghton, Edward Green
way and Nat Wilson are to be the ushers.
The charming bride to be is personally
superintending the details of her wed
ding and has decided to do away with sev-
Mr. and Mrs. William Thomas,
2614 Pacific avenue. The Rev. Bradford
Leavltt will perform the ceremony in the
presence of 175 invited guests.
THE wedding of Miss Mollie
Thomas and Latham. McMullin
will be solemnized at noon to-day
at the home of the bride's parents,
After the ceremony there is to v be a
bridal breakfast.-. In the •afternoon the
newly wedded couple will leave for- a
•bridal trip, but where they .will go Is to
be kept a profound secret. On their re
turn they will occupy the house at 2517
Broadway, which has been carefully fur
nished for them as a bridal present by
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas, the parents of the
bride. • .'-
Miss Gertrude Thomas, the 10-year-old
sister of the bride, will wear a dainty
frock of white organdie, trimmed with
ribbon and valencienne lace. •
Mrs. Thomas, mother of the bride, will
wear a magnificent gown of pale blue
panne velvet, trimmed with silver bro
caded silk and point applique. Mrs. F. W.
Kimble, sister cf the bride, will wear an
elegant gown of palest green cloth, em
broidered in mess green, en train, with
pink chiffon. . r ¦ • ¦ . . - ¦
The bride is to wear a gorgeous gown of
white satin, elaborately ' trimmed with
point applique. Miss Van Ness will wear
a dainty gown of light blue chiffon,
trimmed with insertions of deep cream
lace.. Her bouquet will be composed of
pink sweet peas.
¦ 4*
eral time honored customs and also to re
vive some fashions of the long ago. Fore
most among the revivals will be the wed
ding bell. The wedding bell that Is to
swing over the heads of the happy couple
is to be composed of pink sweet peas and
will be a thing of rare artistic beauty.
Although the bell Is to be of pink blos
f-oms the other floral decorations are not
to be all in the same tone. . Llllies, car
nations, roses and sweet peas of every
variety of color will be used to make the
home beautiful. The bride's bouquet is to
be something entirely new and original.
Instead of the usual bride's bouquet of
lillies or orchids Miss Thomas will carry
an immense bunch of American beauty
roses. . . , . ¦
After the address the choir and audl
ence sang the hymn "America," The pro
gramme of memorial exercises was pre»
pared by a committee consisting of Jo
seph L. .Tharp, William E. Lutz and Hugrh
M. Burke.
Among 1 the post department command
ers present was Comrade Ed Carlson, • a
veteran, who received a cordial greeting
from the old-timers. .
The Grand Army of the Republic, as one of
the strong, conservative forces of our country,
must never lay down its. weapons of warfare
for good government and good citizenship. The
times are not propitious for the indulgence of
apathy and indifference. Questions of profound
importance— social, economic and Governmental
are pressing with tremendous force upon our
people • * • New problems of« government of
profound import confront us; the Just and proper
regulation of the relations of labor and capital
is a problem we must meet and j3Olve; the un
restrained and unregulated aggregation of cor
porate powei- must not be permitted to Invade
and absorb governmental functions ; in our
struggle for commercial supremacy we must not
lose sight of the fundamental principles o£ gov
ernment which have made us strong and pow
erful aa a nation while preserving to the citizen
his Individual liberty and right of protection
in person and property.
In closing-. General. Chipman spoke of
the responsibilities devolving: upon com
rades. He Bald:
Confronted by Grave Problems.
It Is one of the pleasing memories that come
to me of the historic day when Abraham Lin
coln journeyed to Gettysburg to dedicate the
first National Cemetery to the dead- of the
• Union army. I had the inexpressible happiness
to stand by his side as he spoke the immortal
words the recital of which is now made a part
of our ritualistic ceremony on Memorial day.
I see him now as he stood with bared head
looking out upon that great battlefield appar
' ently hesitating to speak In such presence. The
struggle with rebellion was at Its height, a
great battle had there been fought and . won
by the loyal army of the Union, but peace had
not yet come; nor was ultimate success of the
Union army an assured fact. All the contend
ing emotions of' his soul. Inspired by the awful
responsibility which rested on him as the Presi
dent of a great republic and the commander-ln
chief of its army and navy, seemed to be de
picted on his noble countenance. After a
sweeping look over the cemetery and a mo
ment's pause In hesitation he turned his care
furrowed face toward the vast throng around
him and. spoke as though In the presence of
the throne of God. .
There is something mournfully pathetic in
the thought that a splendid organization like
the Grand Army of the Republic, with such
an illustrious history, should have so brief an
existence: that. post after post must surrender
Its charter;, that department after department
must close Its headquarters; that the occa
sion for a National Encampment must soon
pass away, and that members of the Grand
Army will be found only in small groups scat
tered over this broad land until finally the na
tion will search out the small remaining band—
the last remnant of that Grand Army that
saved the Union— and will honor them as never
men have- been honored,' and .will tenderly
guard them until the Great Reaper shall have
summoned them to Join their . comrades "in
that undiscovered country from -whose bourne
no traveler returns." " ' 'V-- - ¦"¦.*¦¦;
Pleasing Memory of Lincoln.
I do not think it is overstating? the fact when
I declare that the sentiment of comradeship
among the union veterans of the Civil War is
stronger than any other bond | of friendship
known to the social relations of -men, and
among the- numerous fraternal organizations In
this country I know of none where so sacred
a feeling of brotherhood exists as in the Grand
Army of the Republic. * * •
It is the consciousness that the Grand Army
of the Republic had Its origin in a voluntary
service on the field of battle, given ¦ to our
Government when its very existence and the
preservation of constitutional liberty .were the
stake for which we fought, that our comrade
ship is so dear to us and that the simple badge
we wep.r means so much to us. Let no one
marvel: then that we honor the memory of the
dead and cherish the companionship of the liv
ing.
My friends. It Is difficult to realize how
rapidly the survivors of the Civil War are
passing away from these earthly scenes. It is
easy to fix the day not far distant when the
last remaining veteran of the Union army will
have been called to Join his comrades In the
realms of •ternal life. The muster roll of the
Grand Army in the year 1S90 showed a mem
bership of 400,489. The roll at the close of the
year 1900 showed 276,662. In a decade 123,827 had
ceased to answer rollcall. Thirty per cent of
our number died in a brief ten years.
The address, delivered by General N:
P. Chipman, was attentively listened to
by the audience. In'the course of his re
marks General Chipman said: -
Strong in Bonds of Friendship.
Reading from the G. A. R. ritual; an
them, "What Are These?"; hymn,
'-'Nearer, My ¦ God, to Thee"; \ scripture
reading; prayer; and anthem, "Blest Are
the Departed," preceded the memorial ad
dress. , „ . ¦ . ' - V
' Annual memorial services were • held
last evening under the auspices of George
H. Thomas Post,. Grand Army.of the Re
public. In -the decoration of the stage
palm lilies' and . evergreens : were freely
used and • appropriately - placed. Fla^C,
corps badges and stands of muskets gave
martial color -to the surroundings. The
ritual of the Grand Army was strictly
observed in the ceremony. Twenty-five
boys fromthe choir of St. Luke's Church
under the leadership of "Wallace I. Sabin
assisted. in the e'xercises. '.
. The spacious hall was well filled when
Post Commander A. D. Cutler rapped for
attention. The anthem, "Radiant Morn,'.'
was sung by the choir. When the colors
were brought to the platform the choir
and audience sang the "Star Spangled
Banner." Adjutant John H. Roberts read
a brief record of each of the following
named comrades on tttj roll of the dead:
. Robert Eckler, W. H. Smith, R. P. Thomas,
John' Lynch, A. E. Majrill, John A. Jackson,
W. T. Y. Schenck, George J. Hood, N. B.
Brown, D. C. Smith, E. E. Ewlng. C. B. Wag
ner, Job Sternberg, O. T. Lemen, Benjamin
Collins Jr., George D. Flack. J. A. McArthur,
W. B. . Benchley. *¦¦•'- .
Annual Memorial Exercises of
, George H. Thomas Post,
; Grand Army. y .:¦
General Chipman Speaks
to Men Who Fought
for Union.
VETERANS ARE
PASSING AWAY
CONTROL GOES
TO VANDERBILT
Union Pacific Will Be
Annexed to 'His
System.
Reported Termination of the
Contest Over the Rail
road.
"As a railroad man I can see no adx-an
tages to railroads nor to the public In the
po-called transcontinental systems."
Asked if he did not see in the Hill deal
reasons for the Pennsylvania wishing: to
make new Western connections. President
Rinley said that he could not see how the
purchase of the Burlington system could
disturb existing conditions in the Western
railroad or disturb such relations as have
existed between the Pennsylvania and
Burlington. Great transcontinental rail
road svstems In the sense so generally
€!scussed these days Ripley declared to be
"purely dreams." He added:
"I don't believe that the Pennsylvania
Interests have bought a single share of
Atehison stock or propose to do so. I can
see no reason for the Pennsylvania desir
ing to buy the Atchison nor can I see any
thing- that is likely to develop in the im
mediate future that -would change the
situation In this respect."
"I should welcome Pennsylvania Inter
ests, as the Pennsylvania management Is
one of the best managements. If not the
best. In the country- Purchase by the
Pennsylvania of Atchison securities
would establish greater confidence in the
property and be a good thing.
Santa Fe's President Talks of the
Transcontinental Projects.
CHICAGO, Slay 7. — "As a stockholder in
•the Atchison T should be glad to'have the
Pennsylvania interests buy in the prop
erty even to gaining control, but I don't
believe there Is the slightest probability
cf this occurrinff."
This is the way President E. P. Ripley
of the Santa Fe answered a question to
r.ight regarding the alleged attempt of
the Pennsylvania to secure an interest in.
the Santa* Fe with a view to making it a
}!nk In the new transcontinental line of
railroads. In explanation of his state
ment Mr. Ripley eald:
MONTREAL. May 7.— Sir William Van
Ilrrne. chairman of the board of direct
ors of the Canadian Pacific Railway,
pneaking about a rumor that Morgan and
J-!:il had completed a deal to secure con
trol of the Canadian line, said: 'I have
r.<> time to answer imaginations of rpec
v:!ators in stocks. Canadian Pacific stock
la held by 15,000 or more individuals, and
there are not 100 holders who, combined,
could sell control. I do not believe that
a dozen are to be fotfnd who would If they
could. Many think, as I do, that the prop
erty is good enough to keep. I know very
little of the ups and downs of the stock
market- I only know that Canadian Pa
cific is worth more than many other
Ftocks now selling at par. Its value has
been overlooked in the great advance tiiat
has occurred in prices, and this fact
peems to have come to the mind of some
body. The directors have always given
their attention to the permanent welfare
of the property rather than to the stock
exchange quotations of the securities,
feeling sure that the securities would be
properly appreciated by the public In the
end."
ONLY TVtt.T'ATvrg SAYS BIPLEY.
;irr.al mnrtgape can be placed on North
crr. Pacific Railway stock without the
omsent of two-thirds of the preferred
Fti>ck arsd the holders of most of the com*
inon stock represented at any meeting of
ehanjholders called for such purpose.
No meeting of Northern Pacific share
holders has yet been called to approve
The new bonds to be issued and guaran
:.en jointly 'with the Great Northern
Hallway to take up the Burlingrton
f: -sck. {n some quarters to-day the sug
gestion was made that Uie current re
ports of a contest for control of the
Northern Pacific Railway, improbable as
they seem, may have the basis that the
management of the Northern Pacific may
be seeking to control enough of the pre
ferred shares, in particular, to prevent
any successful opposition to the acquisi
x'.r-n of the Kurlinsrton Railroad.
The Evening Post says: From the re
ir.rrkable movement of Northern Pacific
f lares to-day. In the course of which the
ffxmoa rose to 149*4 and the preferred to
JURi. observers in Wall street were led
to believe that a fight for control of the
votir.p rights was in progress. An Impor
tant ripht which the preferred shares of
?\Vr;hern Pacific Railway possess, and
heretofore not noticed, is that no addl-
VaafierWlt system. His idea is that it
Y.-.'.'d be controlled by the Chicago and
Northwestern and New York Central
jointly, with a guarantee of 6 per cent on
Tnion Pacific common stock and possibly
Ida exchange of 3 per cent bonds Issued
- :-t!v by the Northwestern and New
v rk Central in exchange for Union Pa
c'.-Ac common stock. There may. how
ever, be some change in this last feature.
:> Railroad, and that he intends to put
rough his plan for annexing It to the
KEEP YORK, May 7.— The Mail and Ex
r r ?* says to-day: There is excellent au
;\.-rlty for the statement that William
}-;. Vanderbilt has carried the day in the
caatest for the control of the Union Pa-
FAIR BRIDE WILL REVIVE
CUSTOMS OF LONG AGO
Miss Mollie Thomas and Latham McMullin to
Plight Their Troth at High Noon To-Day;
- .:.-¦¦ • ¦ • ¦;.- ¦•"¦ ¦•¦;; ;¦¦¦ - ¦ ¦- : -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 8, 1901.
Pretty Wedding of Charles A. Stephens and Miss
Emily M, Spencer at Home of the Bride,
POPULAR YOUNG COUPLE
ARE QUIETLY MARRIED
Mrs. J. J. Sullivan at her home, 1450 Sac
ramento street, in honor of her little son
Willie. Among those present were the
Misses Clarisse Mansfield, Claire Dis
paux, Sallie Fox, Claire Kennedy, Fran
ces Stewart, Grace Sullivan, Annyta Co
bine, Maud Field, Vibiana Kennedy. , Al
ma Schoenfield, Grace Lester, Dorothy
Weed and Grettie McDowell, Harold
Guarini, Chester Wehe, Albert Hinchman.
Charles Mansfield, Fred Wehe. Charles
Douglas, Merven Callahan, Fred Blester,
Mrs. J. McDade, Miss G. Cosgrove and
Mrs. C. Fell.
9
POSTUM CEBEAL.
FEET OUT.
Curious Habits.
When a r>erson has to keep the feet
«"ut from under cover during the coldest
eights In winter because of the heat and
1'i-irkiy sensation It is time that coffee,
vhich causes the trouble, be left off.
There is no end to the nervous condi-
tions that coffee will produce. 'It shows
in one way In one person and In another
v.-ay la another. In this case the lady
lived in Vermllllon, South Dakota.
She says: "I have had to He awake
J\alf the night with my feet and limbs
out of the bed on the coldest nisrhts and
f>el afraid to sleep for fear of catching
cold. I had bt-on troubled for years with
twitching and j«rk!ng of the lower limbs,
and for most of the time I have been un-
able to so to church or to lectures be-
cause of that awful feellnff that I must
keep on the move.
"When 't was brought to my attention
that coffee ca-used so many nervous dis-
eases. I concluded to drop coffee and take
Postum Food Coffee to see if ray trouble
was caused by coffee drinking. I only
o"rank one cup of coffee for breakfast, but
that was enough to do the business for
nie. When I Quit It my troubles disap-
peared in an almost miraculous way.
Now I have no more of the Jerking an<l
twitching and'ean sleep with any amount
of bedding- over me and sleep all night, in
fcound, peaceful rest.
"Postum Food Coffee is absolutely
worth its weight in gold to me." This
lady's name can be given on application
to the Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle
Creek, Mich. 1
Eg] -;..'¦¦'-.-¦ : \ .'.: ¦ ' ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .•'.'- ¦ • « "- ScM
§3 everywhere. ¦ V * \in I XT' IS — — them —^wntc to k3NEW YORK. May 7.— FLOUR— Receipts, S353
barrels; exports, 24.4C5 barrels. Steadier and
fairly actlxe.
WHEAT-Recelpts, 72,200 bushels; exports.
39,661 bushels. Spot, firm: No. 2 red; 84%c f.'.o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red. 82c elevator: No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 84c f. o. b. afloat (new); No.' 1 hard
Duluth, SOc f.'o. b. afloat. Options opened firm
being sustained by reports of French crop dam
age and a strong Paris advance,- forel_n ' buy
ing, local covering and cold: weather " in the
Northwest. -Closed firm at %(it%c net" advance
May. Sl%@S2',!.c, closed 81%c; July, 78%@79 1-iGc"
closed 79c; September, 76 11-16@77 l-16c, closed
• HOPS— Quiet.
¦•* HIDES— Ouiet.
WOOL— Quiet. . \ .
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7, invoice,: 6%;
mild, > quiet; - Cordova, ; 8V4@12%c. Futures ; closed
steady, with ' prices net 5 points higher. i Total
eales,' IO.ToO bales, including: . June,; 5.35c; "July,
C.45c: September, G.60c; : December, 5.80c; March
C@6.05c. ¦ ¦ ! ¦ . '
SUGAR— Raw. firm; i fair refining, 3%c; cen-
San Francisco data : . Maximum temperature,
C2; minimum, 46; mean, 64.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND K3ENERAL
FORECAST.
There has been but little change in pressure
on the -Pacific slope during the past twenty
four hours. A depreFsion not very well defined
overlies Idaho and Utah.
The temperature continues warm in the in
terior of California. In the ereat valleys the
temperatures are frca 3 to 9 <3eg. abave the
normal. Maximum temperatures exceeding 90
dejr. are reported at Phoenix and Tuma.
Forecast made at San Francisco . for thirty
hours, ending" midnight. Hay 3:
Northern California — Cloudy Wednesday:
continued, warm - in the Interior; cool on the
<rosst witfs fog: light southerly winds inland;
tTteh westerly winds on the coast.
Boctnem California — Cloudy Wednesday,
LIVERPOOL. •
Wheat— July. Sept.'
Opening 5 10% " 5 10%
Closing 5 10% V 5 10%
T. : \ > ' FARIS.
Wheat— May. July-Aug.
Opening 19 60 . , .; 20 45
Closing .:.... 19 85 - "2050='
; Flour— . , ¦ ¦
Opening ;....: ..24 70 2o 65
Closing \ ....25 25 26 10
Available Grain Supply'.
NEW YORK, May 7.— Special cable and tel
egraphic communications to Bradstreefs show
the following changes . in available supplies
from last account:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 3,333,000 bushels, afloat for
and in Europe, decrease, 3,300,000 bushels; to
tal supply, decrease, 6,633,000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 273,000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 131.0C0 bushels.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, May 5.— CATTLE— Receipts, 4000.
Generally, steady; good to prime steers, $S@6;
poor to medium, $4f 4 95; stockers and feeders,
$3 25S5- cows. • $2 6504 60: heifers, $2 70@4 75;
canners. $2@2 60: bulls. $3^4 50; calves. J3 50®
4 75; Texas fed steers, $4 25@5 40; grassers, $3 50
@4; bulls, $2 75@3 90. „„„„„"
HOGS— Receipts, 20.000; to-morrow, 28,000 es
timated; left over, 2000. About steady; top,
S5 87V4* mixed and butchers. $5 55@5 85; good to
choice heavy, »5 65(35 87V4 : rough heavy. $5 50®
5 K0: light. $5 50^5 80; bulk of sales, ?5 72%@5 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 11.C00. Sheep and lambs,
steady; clipped lambs, up to $4 80.. Wooled,
slow Good to choice wethers, $4 ISSN 50; fair
to choic» mixed. $3 S0@4 15; Western sheep, J4 20
@4 50:* yearlings. $4 15<ff4 60: native lambs, $4®
5 15; Western lambs, $4 50@3 15.
Nkv York Metal Market. _
NEW TORK. May 7. — The only feature of Im
portance developed to-day In either foreign or
local circles was the firmness noted In tin.
Prices In London were somewhat higher, clos
ing firm at £119 5s on spot and £115 12s Cd for
futures, while here a rise of 12^ points took
place as the result of good bidding, but holders
were too far above buyers' views and in conse
quence little business was executed. The close
was firmer at $26 12%@26 23.
While copper values abroad reacted 2s 6d to
£70 for snot and £70 10s for futures, the local
situation "for that metal failed to vary . from
Its narrow and listless condition,' prices ruling
nominally as -before quoted— $17 for Lake and
$16 621/4 for casting and electrolytic. Lead was
unchanged both here and abroad. . Spelter ruled
quiet and about steady at old prices, $3 9304.
Iron was without special change. ,
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, May 7.-A quiet market with only
moderate sales is the record of the Wool Ex
change this - week. Manufacturers ape pur
chasing only sufficient to cover present needs
and there is" an entire absence of speculative
feeling. Values are steady,, however, but deal
ers • see little prospect for any material' ad
vance.. Territory wools head the- list of" the
small volume of sales made. Fine medium and
fine scoured Is quoted at 42®43c. while ' the
strictly staple article calls for 45@46c.
Quotations: Territory, scoured basis,, Mon
tana fine medium and fine.- 14@15c; scoured, 42
0*3o; staple, 45@46c: •- Utah. -Wyoming and
Idaho, fine medium and fine. 12@14c; scoured,
4C®42c; staple. 44@46c; Australia, scoured basis,
prices common superfine, nominal, 63@70c; good,
66@6Sc; average, 63@65c.
London Wool Sales.
' LONDON, May 7.*— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 14,548 bales, In
cluding a fine : selection of <: superior scoured
greasy. "Competition was brisk at top prices.
Good scoured Merinos : were 5 to 7% per - cent
above the last series. Ecoureds were bought
freely" by the Continent. French buyers were
heavy purchasers of greasy for Immediate con
sumption. Stocks are very, small and the
prospects are: that the advance will be main
tained despite the large : supplies - in . sight."
American , buyers continued to take suitable
parcels of cross-breds.v.
Portland's Business.
: PORTLAND, May 7.— Clearings, . $333, S6G;
balances, .' $36,273.
Nort'.urn Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. May , 7.— Wheat— Walla Walla?
60c. Cleared— Tyr, for Vladivostok, 10,000 bush
els.- ' •.¦¦-.. ¦ " . - ," - . '• ¦ ¦ - : ,
TACOMA, ¦ May 7.— Wheat Me j higher; Blue
stem, Clc; Club'5?c.
Foreign Markets.
- LONDON." May ' .7.— Consols! 94»£ : silver, 27SJ<1 :
French rentes,' lOlf "• 70cQ101f ', SOc ; * cargoes ui on
passage, '. quiet ¦ f and ': steady ; "cargoes" No. ; : 1
standard '<\ California, / 30s ; Cd ; /cargoes V.'alla'
Walla, '29s. lO^jd; '. English .country, markets,
quiet:." - ¦ -^ ¦" ' -. . .¦-•.' '-.-¦ - f ¦¦
• ; LIVERPOOL. May - 7.— Wheat, ¦ quiet: No. 1
standard California, 6s ¦ 2%d@6s 3d r wheat 1 - in
" Business was lively on the mornlns session
cf the Bond Exchange, but fluctuations were
narrow and few. The sugar stocks were quiet
and featureless.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers' was higher
at J132 50I&136. Giant Powder flm at $74 and Gas
and Electric active at t36 5C®37.
The oi!< stocks remained about as before.
The Sldrra Nevada Mining Company has
levied an assessment cf 15 centa per share, de
linquent in office June 11.
The Four Oil Company will pay a dividend
of 3 c oh tbe 13th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. May 7—2 p. m .
•CNTTKD STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup..ll3V s 113^!<3 qr cp (new)137%13S^
4s quar reg 113^113"s 3s quar eoup...l03 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P 5s.. 101 — Oceanic S 5s. ..102% —
Cal-st 5s 117 — Omnibus R 63.126 —
C C Wat 5s. ..110 — Pac O Imp 4a. — —
EdL-P 6s...l23t4133U Pk & C H 6a. .103 —
Fer & Cl R 6s.ll3 — Pk & O R 6s. .117 —
Geary-st os — — Powll-st R Ss.120 —
H C & S 5Vis..lCS\i — Sac E G R 5s. 95 100
Do 5s — — S F & SJV Ss.120 —
Los Ang R 5s. — 114 Sierra Cal 6s.. — 107
_ A Light 6s.. — 102 S P of A 63
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 0909) 113 —
Do gntd 5s.. 100 — (1910) 121 —
L A _ Pac 5slO2% — S P of C 6a
. Do 1 c m 53.101 — (1305), ser A.1C6^ —
Market-st 63.. — 127% (1305). «er B.107# —
Dolcm 5s. 122% — (1906) 110 —
JTev Co R 7s.. — 11314 O912> ..;. — —
Nor Jl Cal 63. — 114% SPof Cal 1st 5
Oo 5s ........ — — cp gntd g 53.103 —
Nor Pac C 63.IOO — S P Br Cal 6s.l34«i —
Do 5s — 109 S V Wat 6s.... 113% —
Nor Cal R 5s.. — 114tf Do 4s 103 W3H
Oak Gas 5s. ...110 — Do 4s. 3d m. — 103%
Do Trail 6s..ll6% — Stktn Gas «s..10O —
Do Wat 5s... 104 —
.,;,.; "WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 75 73& I Spring Valley. 83% S3
Marin County. 53% — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3 — |Pacifis Lt 43% 43%
Equitable 3}£ 3% Sacramento ... — —
Mutual — — SFO4 E.... 35% 37
Oakland 50 60% San Francisco. 4% 4?J
Pacific Imp _*_35 Stockton VA —
INSURANGE.
Firem's Fund.233 — -
BANKS.
Anslo-Cal 73% - L P & A 117 —
California 403 — Mer Ex (liq).. US —
Cal Safe Dep.106%4 — 3 F National.. — 1C5
First Nat 310 313
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 13W — Sav & Loan..— —
Humboldt — — Security 273 —
Mutual 50 — Union — —
San Kranclsco.GlS —
STREET RAILROADS.
California 131 140 O S L. & H.. *> —
Geary «*J — Presidio — 20
Market V'JVa —
POWDER.
Giant 73:i '.I [Vigorit 2?4 S%
- SUGAR.
Hana 7% 8 Kllauea ....... lS^ 13
Hawaiian 62 54 Makawell 40 —
Honokaa 23% 2« Onomea 13^ —
Hutchinson ...20 — Faauhau 2ST» 23H
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack. .135^137 Oceanic SS.... 45 47
Cal Fruit Can. — 100 Pac Aux F Al. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Borax.. 151 — ,
Mer Ex... 110 — Part Paint.... 18 —
Mornlcs Session.
'145 Alaska Packers" Association 131 00
20 Alaska Packers' Association 131 23
13 Alaska Packers' Association 131 50
20 Giant Powder Con 73 62!i
5 Giant Powder Ccn 73 75
100 Honokaa S Co 25 50
475 Hutchinson S P Co : 20 CO
2C0 Kllauea S P Co : 13 62'j
10 Makawell S Co 40 00
95 Makaweli S Co ...*..... 33 73
100 Muiutal Electric Light 3 25
20 Oceanic S S Oo 47 CO
$cC00 Oceanic S S bonds 103 00
25 Paauhau S P Co : ....23 75
25 Paauhau S P Co 23 CO
75 Paauhau S P Co 23 25
20 Pacific Co«4St Borax ........151 00
MS P Gas & Electric Co 38 23
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 36 12tJ
160 S F Gas & Electric Co 36 37>-4
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 36 30
$3000 S P of A bonds (1SC9) 113 23
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) 103 CO .
•Street —
?5C0O S P of A bonds 0910) 114. CO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
' 6 Alaska Packers' Association 132 50
5 Alaska Packers' Association. ...133 00
5 Alaska. Packers' Association 134 00
210 Alaska Packers' Association 135 CO
" 23 Alaska Packers' Association ITS 25
. 5 Alaska Packers' Association 136 CO
25 Contra Coata Water 73 CO
5 Giant Powder Con 73 87J4
75 Giant Powder Con 74 00
- 5 Honokaa. S Co ....'.... 26 50
50 Honokaa S Co • 28 50
E0 Hutchinson S P Co 23 00
10 'Kllauea S P Co. s 90..'. . 13 50
100 Kllauea S P Co '. _j 50
10O Makawell S Co ....................... 40 00
SO Oakland Gas I 50 25
63 Paauhau S P Co 29 00
36 S F Gas & Electric Co 36 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co as _ii
20 S F Gas & Electric Co " 3 6 75
MSF Gas &. Electric Co. s 90..... 36 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co ; »c s-v
90 S F Gas & Electric Co.... "" 37 00
$2000 S P of A bonds (1910) ;. "l!4 d)
10 Spring Valley Water " gs so
k Street— . .....saw
145 Hutchinson S P Co 2ft Ort
60 Makawell S Co. "II 40 00
PRODUCERS' OIL ElXCHAXGB.
Mornlns Session.
Board — ¦¦¦¦>¦...
400 California* Standard ....... •?
600 California Standard *"'"" «
5C0 California Standard, b 10 .....'. *j
100 Home * 3 23
10OO Independence ......: I"! 1?
2CO Lion ' is
600 Oil City Petroleum. ...II is
60 Peerless '....; 8 00
60 Peerless, b- 60 \ 3 53
60 Peerless, s 15 g qq
1000 Petroleum Center .-, \\
4iO Wolverine \ (g
" Afternoon Session.
20 Blue Goose ; j 00
200 Four .'.;..:..."! 47
2 Hanford ...._.....". ..95 00
V 575 Home .;, > 5 jn
500 Independence 17
600 Monarch of Arizona .-. 47
50 Monarch of. Arizona 4?
600 Oil City Petroleum 2*
" ICO Reed Crude ......:...... ¦. 4f>
Continued on Pago Thirteen,
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, May 7. — To-day's stock market
showed all the gradations of sentiment from
buoyant at the opening to disorderly verging
1 on demoralization in the latter part of the day.
j The market hinged almost entirely on Northern
Pacific The extraordinary demand for that
stock continued and it almost dpuliCated yes-
I terday's rise, advancing an extreme 22V4, com
pared with 23 yesterday. In the early dealings
this strength retained a part of its sympa
thetic influence on the general market, but It 1
steadily lost that intluence. The reason for I
the rise exerting a depressing influence on the
rest of the market was shrouded in as much
mystery as the whole movement has been. As
the day drew toward the close rumors began
to gain currency that- the enormous demand
for this stock of the last two days was the
' result cf a desperate etfort to regain control
j on the part of insiders. The supposition is
; that the recent effort to secure control of
I Union Pacific led to a retaliatory movement
on the part of powerful capitalists who con
trol Union Pacific to embarrass the Northern
Pacific interests with an enforced contest to
I maintain their control. .'The success of the
' plan must be admitted. If such a struggle is
J really the cause of tne buying in Northern
j Pacific. The brokers employed in the buying
eerve as some ccrroboration for such a sup
position. A house which was credited with
buying 200,000 shares yesterday was a buyer of |
tens of thousands of chares to-day and was
at the same time lending out the stock for
the benefit of the shorts to an amount esti
mated at 100,000 shares, thus striving to allay
the alarm of the short interest and thus dis
couraging the hypothesis that the buying move
ment was designed for a squeeze against the
shorts. The appearance ratifer went to show
that the short interest was among the Insiders.
The presumptions which might flow from the
fact of such a struggle between great groups
of capitalists had a chilling effect on the whole
speculation. For one thing it would point to
a state of vindlctiveness between interests
which have been supposed to be working in
"accord. Instead of progress in a. community
of interests it would point to a growth of
gigantic rivalry with resultant power of com
petition exceeding anything in the railroad
wars of the past. It would indicate also that
the leading financial interest which has been
the conspicuous figure iu all the recent great
financial plans had been outgeneraled. There
were fears also that the collapse to follow the
volatile rise in Northern Pacific would un
favorably affect the whole stock market. The
rumors regarding Northern Pacific did not be
gin to tak« this form until late in the day.
Reports that the preferred stock was to have
the option of exchange with the common stock
and so doing away with its prior claims sent
Northern Pacific preferred up over 10 points.
Canadian Pacific continued its advance on the
theory that its prospective control by Northern
Pacific gave the latter stock its strength.
Union Pacific was run up to 13O',_ In an at
tempt on the part of its friends to rally it to
figures . commensurate with Northern Pacific.
These stocks constituted the really notable I
features cf strength in the market after the I
opening bulge, which was quite general and
was dua to the Inrush of buying orders from 1
the now widely extended speculative public.
Those opening gains ran from 1 to 2 points I
pretty generally and Irom 3 to 4 points In |
Sugar and Union Pacific. The quick inroads
made upon those prices by realizing and the
Impairment of the buying power discouraged
the continuance cf the rpeculatlon fo* the rise.
The higher rate for money and the demands
by brokers for larger margins also had a re
pressive Influence on speculation. The late
Felling was enhanced fcy the discouragement of
timid holder* who are only willing to hold on
a rise. The break at the last was severe,
reaching S? 4 in Northern Pacific, 8V_ In St.
Paul. 8 in Union Pacific. 5U in Rock Island,
5 in Baltimore and Ohio and between 2 and 5
points in the large -majority o£ the active list.
The United States Steel stocks were again
under pressure througnout and the current gos
sip attributed this liquidation to a shifting of
holdlngb from the steel stocks into railroads. y
Prices closed above the lowest a3 bears took
quick profits, but the closing undertone con
tinued distinctly weak.
The bond market was quite active and ir
regular. Total sales, par value, $5,ES0,O00.
United States 5s declined »4 and the 3s >,i
per cent on the laEt call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— FUa
146,&jO Atchison go%
64,oC0 Atchlpon prefd 103'*
17.PO0 Baltimore _ Ohio.* 1C9'
1.500 Baltimore & Ohio prefd. 1 0}
C.000 Chicago & Alton 45*4
5,400 Chicago & Alton prefd 8")
1.400 Chicago Great Western ' 23T4'
Chicago Great Western prefd A..,. 8?
100 Chicago Great Western prefd B 51
54.800 Canadian Pacific ..-. ; 113
600 Canada Southern 71
S,4'iO Chesapeake & Ohio 49%
25.3C0 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 196%
4,300 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 37
JMI Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 71 •
1<H) Chicago & Eastern Illinois 133
3.400 Chicago & Northwestern 206>4
23.5CJ Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific. 164V4
600 C C C & St Louis 8Q*4
6,500 Colorado Southern ....-..:. 1514
1,200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 6iu
1.900 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 24t4
6.900 Chicago Term & Trans ; 23
S.GOO Chicago Term & Trans prefd 4714 |
2,2iiO Delaware & Hudson hjia
700 Delaware, Lack & Western.". 22')
3.200 Denver & Rio Grande...... 571;
2.300 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 97%
35..%00 Erie 40Si
1.&00 Erie 1st prefd 69=i
2.400 Erie 2d prefd 56ii
1 2,200 Great Northern prefd 153
1.300 Hocking Valley 551;
1.500 Hocking Valley prefd 78*4
3.4'JO Illinois Central ...142V4
30« Iowa Centra! 31
300 Iowa Central prefd : 60
200 Lake Krie & Western 61<4
Lake Erie & Western prefd 118
6.600 Louisville & Nashville 108
£3,400 Manhattan- Elevated ....125
6.000 Metrooolitan Street Railway ......1S7U
14.700 Mexican Centrr.1 27&
1.600 Mexican National ., ji
2,100 MInnea:x»Hs & St Louis 91>J
El.ZOO Missouri Pacific 113^
2.400 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 31%
3,900 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd.... 64^4
New Jersey Central 156'
" 9,100 New York Central ....361%
1,700 Norfolk & Western 61
1C0 Norfolk & Western prefd £9
231.400 Northern Pacific 143^4
27.R00 Northern Pacific prefd .....110
52,700 Ontario & Western 26'i
1L700 Penr.svlvania ..157?i
P C C & St Louis........ 74
19,100 Reading ...; ..'44?i
22,100 Reading 1st prefd ..:....:.:„..... 78
5.900 Reading 2d prefd........:....."... 56"
6,500 St Louis &. Fan Francisco 4S%
'. St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd .. 84
2.200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd....... 63'A
3,400 St. Louis, Southwestern....:.......... 37-,
3.100 St Louis. Southwestern prefd ...67
70,r*0 St Paul 179*4
GOO St Paul prefd........ "...'.:—.::•.... 185U
70,400 Sauthern Pacific :.".;...v.. 7.". :."....,;. I4*-f
Cash quotations were as follows: • Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 70%@72%c; No. 2
red 72%@"4c- No. 2 corn. 51c: No. 2' yellow, 50^4
@51%c: No. 2 oats, 2S 1 -4@2S%c; No. 2 white,
29tfe; No. 3 white, 2S%@30c; No. 2 rye, 53@54c;
fair to choice malting bariey, 49@56c; No. 1
flax seed, $1 65;- No. 1 Northwestern, $167;
prime timothy seed. $3 70: mess pork, per bbl,
$14 30f(14 95- lard, oer ICO lbs. $3 05@8 07^4 :
short ribs sides (looee), $S@8 20; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). 6%@7Vsc; short clear sides
(boxed) $8 25@S 37%; whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 30. Sugar— Clover, contract grade,
$10 @10 UK
Articles— • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .". 30,000 , 23,000
Wheat, bushels Sl.COO 179,000
Corn, bushels 3S0.OOO 1 2S6.OOO
Oats bushels 321,000 231.000
Rye. bushels 5.C0O 1,000
Barley, bushels 18,000 ¦ . 1.C00
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creameries, U@lSc; dairies,
ll<Ti.l6c. Cheese, dull, 9%@llc. Eggs, weak;
lresh, llVic. -
The Weather and Crops.
The report of A. G. McAdle. section director
cf the climate and crop section of the Weath
er Bureau, for the week ending Monday is as
GcJtoweR
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The temperature has continued slightly be
'ow normal during the week, but there have
been no injurious frosts. Rain has fallen in
all parts of the State, varying in amount from
light showers to three and four Inches. The
precipitation has been sufficient to greatly im
prove the condition of crops In all sections.
Fogs have prevailed along the coast since the
rein.
Late Bown grain lias probably received
greater benefit from the rain than any of the
other crops, though the condition of all has
lx>en much improved. In places where it had
been feared that the late grain would be cut
only for hay. the outlook is now so much bet
ter that it is estimated a fair crop will b3
harvested. In portions of Southern California
the late wheat was past redemeption before
the rain. Early grain is in excellent condi
tion, and will yield a good crop in nearly all
parts of the State. Grain and hay were slight
\f damaged by rain and wind in some sec
lions. The soil is in excellent condition l'oi
cultivating. Sugar beets, beans, hops and
garden vegetables are in good condition. Green
3e«"d had become scarce in tome sections, but
its condition has been improved by the rain.
The reports on the condition of deciduous
fi"jits> are so conflicting that it is impossible
to cive an accurate estimate of the damage
tiy irost or of the probable quantity of fruit
to be gathered, but nearly all reports agree
on the excellent quality of the young fruit,
end that the extent of injury has been over
fitiJiated. Grapes and fruit have been bene-
J'ti-i by the rain, and there has been but
Elurnt loss from the cracking of cherries an i
tfc-? rotting of early strawberries. Citrus fruits
are n good condition.
Shcransento Valley — Rain continued until
¦Wednesday throughout the valley, the amount
of nriclptation varying from 1.50 to 3.50
inches. It has been of immense benefit to
crops, particularly late sown grain, corn
an«J vegetables. Orchards, vineyards and ho;j
fields have also been greatly benefited. Hig 1 !
virds accompanying the rain caused sltg^*
damage to era in and hay in some sections,
and the heavy rain injured cherries and ttraw ¦
berries to some extent. Early grain If :n zx
cllent condition, and it is tow rt-p-jrtecl tint
th* rain icsures a heavy crop of l-it» wain.
Hops are growing rapidly, and corn is looking
well. Haying is progressing. Decidiiuits :n:its
b.t in eood condition.
Coast and bay sections— The rainstorm re
ported at th3 close of last week continued
until Wednesday, reaching all parts of the
district. The precipitation has been sufficient
to revive late sown grain, and in most places
it fs now reported that a good crop will be
harvested. Early grain is in excellent condi
tion, and will yield a large crop. The rain
has softened the soil, enabling farmers to re
sume cultivation. A large acreage of corn is
being planted. Grain and hay were but slight
ly damaged by the rain and wind. Pasturage
is becoming more plentiful. Many conflicting
reports concerning the condition of deciduous
fruits have been received, but it seems prob
eble the injury from April frosts was uot as
great as previously estimated.
San Jcaquin Valley — Generous rains fell
throughout the valley Monday and Tuesday,
and were of the greatest benefit to all crops.
The early portion of the week was partly
cloudy and the latter clear with warm days
and cool nights. The rain did but slight
carnage to the hay that had been cut and
Ereatly improved that standing. The condi
tion of the grain crop has improved wonder-
Jully; much that was thought would be a fail
ure will now r-roduce a fair crop. In mar.y lo
calities it ie estimated that the rain has in
creased the grain crop over 70 per cent. Fruits
of all kinds are in excellent "condition, and
vines are putting out new growth and look
thrifty. Haying continues, and the prospects
are for a fine crop. Green feed continues plen
tiful. Cultivation of vineyards and orchards
has been resumed, and the soil Is reported to
be in excellent condition. Stock is doing well.
Southern California— Rain has fallen in all
parts cf the district, and in some sections the
precipitation has been unusually heavy. Hay
has been considerably damaged, but late sown
jrrain and other crops have been greatly ben
efited. In some places a fair crop of late
wheat will b*> harvested, while in others
praln was part redemption before the rain
came. Early grain is in good condition. The
prospects for good crops of beans and pugar
beets have been gTeatly Improved. Deciduous
fruits were slightly injured by rain and bail
In some sections. Grapes and citrus fruits
are in good condition.
Eureka summary— Late rains and fogs have
improved the condition of grain, and given
new life to growing crops and fruit. Planting
of peas continues.
Los Angeles summary— A good, well distrib
uted rain greatly improved crops, orchards,
ti<?ans and summer crop lands. Late grain
was benefited; much will make a fair crop.
Seme mown hay damaged.
Dried Fruit in Nezv York^
Mall reports from New York say: "Demand
for prunes continues very fair on the spot.
End the market is firmly held. 4O-50S, 60-70s and
S^-lOOs being scarcest and the most wanted
eSzcs. Goods are offering from the coast, ex
cepting 40-50s and 90-100s. at the 2c basis, but
to far as can be learned no business of im
portance is doing, even at that price.
"Apricots en the spot show some movement,
th» jobbing house which has been active for
Fome time in buying cheap lots still being in
the market for goods that can be picked up
under quotations. Apricots in bags are vir
tually out of the market. Raisins are dull
bat ra.ther steadier. Some little business in
3-crown loose is reported at 5%c. Seeded are
Falling in a small way at around 6%c for 2
crown and 7c for 3-crown. Sales were made
beveral weeks ago at C@6Hc."
Weather Report.
(iroth Meridian, Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 7, 5 p, m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last Feason, and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
with fog along the coast; fair in the interior:
continued warm weather; light westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Wednesday; warmer in the
northern portion; fresa westerly winds.
Utah— Cloudy Wednesday; light southerly
winds.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday; continued warm;
light north winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Wednes
day; fresh westerly winds, with fog.
tioners' A 5.73c; Fruit Granulated. 5.S0c: Mag
nolia A, 5.35c; Extra C. 5.25c; Golden C, 5.15«r;
barrels. 10c more: half-barrels. 2."c more: boxe".
50" more- 50-lb bags. 10c more. No crdsrs taken
fdr les? than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom
inrs. half-barrels. 6.50c: boxes. 6.75c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine.
ordinary sizes. JlSQtf: extra sizes, higher; p;^.
wood. jiS@13; Lath. 4 feet. J3 90O4: Pickets. J2l>;
Rhing.'es. S2 for common and $2 .0 for fancy;
Shakes. J13 for split and J14 for sawn; Rustic,
?233:9- . .
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY, MAY 7.
Flour, qr sks 16.600 Wool, bales STi
Whra't. ctls 6S.573 Shorts, sks 3^>
Bariey: Sis 910 Pelts, bdls.... 43>
Corn (East), ctls. 625 Hides £¦.
Potatoes, sks 1.S10 Wine, gas 33,202
Onions, sk9 611 Lime. bbls.. o**
Bran sks 730 Leather, rolis 7(5
Middlings, sks.... 195 Quicksilver, flsks.. Hi
Hay. tons 313'
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 5,032! Middlings, sSs....' ' *"
EASTERN-. .-* "
Flour, qr »ks 3,647i .
CHICAGO," May 7.— Wheat showed most of Its
advance at the start on higher cables and light
Northwest receipts and the remainder of the
day was content with holding it. July opened
%©%c higher at 72%@72%c, and under general
demand' touched 72%@72%c For a time the de :
mand became small, and scattered realizing on
small lots caused a reaction to 72%c. Liberal
clearances and sympathy; with the somewhat
mvsterious strength of the May delivery caused
a%harp recovery to 73@73V«c later. / Later, an
other-dip to 72%@72%c ' occurred, - but this was
followed by a recove'ry to 72%c and the doss
was firm, "%@%c higher, at 72%@72%c. May
sold between 72% and 74 1 /ic and closed lc up at
73%c. "The bulge in this option was credited to
the anxiety of the Eastern shorts over the pro
longed lake blockade and the engineers strike.
, Corn was quiet and ! generally .showed an
easier undertone. 'Phillips allowed . the market
for May to take care of Itself, inasmuch as he
comes near to being the whole market himself,
and little was done. July was worked down
during the forenoon, but most of - the decline
was recovered later. July closed %c lower at
46@46&e. May closed l%c up at 52%c. . .
Oats were quiet but steady. July closed Vsc
higher at 2C%c. - - A -
Provisions were du«and the price range nar
row, but • firmness prevailed because of the
strength of the cash position. July pork closed
7%o higher, lard and ribs each 2%c up. . .,;*¦
The leading futures ranged as follows: . .
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling . Exchange, . GO days — • $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88*i
Sterling.Cables ,....¦ — 4 8a%
New York- Exchange, sight...... — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic "— / 12%
Silver, per ounce :..-. — 60
Mexican Dollars, nominal..'.. 49% @ " 50
Wheat and Other Grains.
; WHEAT FREIGHTS-Spot. rates range from
32s 6d to 35s. according to '. the - size ol the.
carrier.' The chartered wheat fleet in p'ort has
a registered, tonnage of : 26,260, agaln3t 25,370
tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
6738 tons, against 2565; on the way to this port,
172,550 tons, against 171,600..
WHEAT— The foreign markets showed little
change. Bradstreefs gave. the world's stocks 7
as follows: East of the Rockies, a decrease
of 3,333,000 bushels;; Europe and afloat,, a de
crease of '3,300,000. making a total : decrease of
6,633,00,0 bushels. New York reported foreign
buying. v chiefiy for French account, as the
French crop prospects are less favorable.
¦ Chicago opened firmer on better cables, but
the cash demand, was poor. -There was no
more liquidation. "The : weather \ was cool
throughout the West, with frosts in Nebraska,
The Southwest bought heavily.- .
This market was several fractions firmer on
call, but unchanged on the spot.
¦ Spot . Wheat— Shipping, . ?l@l 01% ; milling,
?1 03%@l 06%. - .-. . = ¦ •. ¦ -..:.- : ¦ .
' f ¦ v V CALL BOARD SALES.
.'Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December 1 —
2000 ctls, Jl 04%; SOOO, - $1 04%. ¦¦¦
Second Session— No sales. '
: Regular Morning Session— 10,000 ctls. $105%;
May— 6000, . $1. -. • . .
: Afternoon Session— No ' saies.
BARLEY— The market, though dull, is still
firmly held, most dealers asking . 82%c - for
bright feed^ though no sales at this figure are
reported. Several cars sold at -80c. - -.
Feed, S0@81%c for No. 1 and 77%@78%c for
off grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 85®
87%c; Chevalier, nominal.
w CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December — 4000
ctls, 73>,6c
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls, 73c ;
8300. 73%c; 14,000, 73%c. ' .
OATS— The market runs along about the
same, day after day. Some days business is
good, and on others it is dull. Prices rule
firm, however, and black are a fraction higher.
White, Jl 37%@1 50; Surprise, -nominal; Red,
$1 32%@1 45; Black, $1 17V>@1 SO per ctl
CORN— Another lot is in from the East, find
ing a firm market at the high prices. Offer
ings are extremely limited. Yellow, $1 2"Y-@
1 30; white, Jl 25; mixed, Jl 25@1 27%.
RYE— Continues dull at S0@S2%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at Jl 65 per cU.
ex-warehouse.
Flour and Mill'stuffs.
Oat products rule firm at the advance al
ready noted. '
. Corn Meal and Hominy are higher.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, J3 25(g'3 50.
usual terms; Bakers'. Extras,. $3 15@3 25; Ore
gon, ¦ $2 50<g2 75 per barrel for family and J2 75@
3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', J2 75@3.
M1LLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 BO; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3;
extra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats, J4 75: Hom
"iny JJ 7;VS>4: Buckwheat Flour, Jl@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; "Whole
Wheat Flour. J3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels),' JS 35
(j?7 85; in sacks, $C@7 50; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, J3; Green. Peas, %i 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay Is somewhat steadier, as receipts have
been light for some little time, but quotations
show no change. Bran and Rolled Barley rule
firm.
BRAN— J16 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. J17@18 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. J25@2S; jobbing.
$2S 50; Cocoanut Cake," *17@1S: Corn Meal.
$27 50ff?2S; Cracked Corn, $iS 5J@23; Mixed Feed,
.$15® 16. "-¦'¦¦ ' ' Y : ¦ ¦ '
HAY-Voluntecr, $5@8: Wheat. $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat, ?S@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, JS@'9 50: Barley. $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Several changes " in Beans will be observed.
Bayo3 are lower, and the other colored descrip
tions arc weak and dull. Llmas and whit*—
are still. firm. There is nothing new in See<.ls.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 45*52 55; Small White, $4 80
@4 90; Large White. $4@4 20; Pink, Jl 60.S.1 85;
Red $3@3 25: Blackeye, $3; Limas. $6 25^C 35;
Pea. nominal: Red Kidney, *4 50 per, ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. |2 50@3; Canary, 3%@
S%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. \2@
2%c: Hemp, 3%c; Timothy. 6%c
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2@2 50; Green, $2 .0@
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
' Both old and new Potatoes are quieter, and
the latter are lower. . Onions are about as
before."
String Beans are lower, and the Southern
Vegetables are generally weaker. Summer
Squash from Winters sold at 10c per lb.
New Garlic came In and eold at oc per lb.
Receipts were 1269 boxes Asparagus, 259 boxes
Rhubarb, 788 sacks Bay Peas. 121 sacks String
Beans and 039 sacks New Potatoes.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 75c@$l;Burbanks,
$1 20@l 35 for River and $1 50@l 70 for Oregon:
Garnet Chiles, $1 50; Sweets. 60@75c for Merced;
New Potatoes, l',i®2c per lb.
ONIONS— Cut Onions, BOc@Jl 25 per sack;
Australians. Jobbing, at ?4i§5; Green Onions,
40<ff50c per box; New Red, Jl@l 50 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 60c(jT$l 25 per box;
Asparagus $1 75 for fancy. $1 25@1 50 per box
for No. 1 and 65c@Jl for No. 2; Green Peas, 65c
<S« per sack; Garden Peas. Jlig^l 25: String
Beans l%1?4c for Los Angeles and 3g6c for
Vaoavllle; Horse Beans, 40@60c per s?ck;
Cabbage 90c@$l per ctl: Tomatoes. Mexicans,
$1 25.Q1 50 per crate: from Los Angeles. Jl@l 75:
Dried Peppers. 12® ISc; Dry Okra, 15c per lb;
Parrots, 25@35c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers,
GOc® 1 !! per dozen; Garlic. 15c per lb; Green
Peppers, 8(312^ per lb;'Egg Plant. 10c per lb.
Poultry and Game. , "^
The feeling In Poultry la weaker, Is receipts
are more liberal and all descriptions show a
downward tendency.
f Another car of Eastern came In.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@~10c for Gobblers
and ll®12c for Hens: Geese, per. pair, Jl 25@
1 50; Goslings, . $2 25@2 DO; Ducks, $3 C0©4 B0
for old 'and Jo 50@7 for young; Hens, . $4fi> 60:
young Roosters, $6@7 £0: old Roosters. J4©4 50:
Fryers S3 5C*g6 50; Broilers. $4@4 50 for large
and $2 25@3 50 for small: Pigeons, Jl 50@l 75 per
dozen for old and Jl 50@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1@1 25: Rabbijs, Jl 60 for,Cot
tontail and 75c@Jl for Brush.-
Butter, Cheese, and Eggs.
¦ • . . t ¦ .
. ¦¦»:¦;; - ' ' ¦ . -¦
Stocks of Butter are very large, and dealers
hardly know what to do with the liberal sup
plies on their floors. All are - packing, and
come are storing in . the ice house. Even with
all this however, , the piles are high. Fine
creameries show no weakness, . however, as
will be seen, though. the medium and lower
grades are dragging. . .;
. Kgjrs are about ¦ in - the same condition as
Butter, supplies being very .larfce and accumu
lating. "Prices are no lower, .but the disposi
tion is to sell, even at quotations.
Cheese -has not changed for some, time, as
the supply and demand about balance..
• Receipts were 63,500 pounds and £0 tubs of
Butter. -1335" 1 cases Eggs. 773 cases Eastern
Eggs, So'iO pounds California Cheese and 8400
pounds Kastern Cheese. ¦ ,. -. - . .
... ' OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS. \
BUTTER — Creamery, 17%@18c per lb for fancy
and i6%«fl"c for seconds; dairy, 14@16%c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice \mild. ¦ new, " 10@10%c; old,
nominal. - ~ : :
.' EGGS— Ranch, . 15@16c for good to fancy;
store . 13(314%c per dozen.
DAIRY- EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS. .
BUTTER—
. Creamery— Extras, 17c; -firsts, ,16c; seconds,
.' Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts, 13c;'. seconds,- ;
store, 13c ¦
'CHEESE — Fancy, full cream; -9c;.' choice,
8>tc; common, nominal ; -Young Americas." 10%c;
Eastern, full cream. 14@16c per lb.
¦'. EGGS— :"¦' -" • ¦•¦••-
.California Ranch— Selected White, 15c; mixed
colors, ' 14c per ¦ doz. ¦'.'¦ ' . "
i.- California Gathered— Selected, 13%c; standard.
13c; , seconds, .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. .
Cherries are bringing fair. prices under mod
erate ireceipts'for. this time of : the year,' though
the" demand is • nothing extra. They still show,
the j; effects r of .the v recent rain. .: ; Strawberries
are rather weak;. though , they," too,- are not" in
heavy.; receipt. ¦ .£JK&filJSI Rk f > 'CKl ll *HP i^£W^
>¦ , Seven " cars . of oranges will 1 be . offered , at ' to-'
day's i auction.. ' >
•¦ * Limes - continue - in ' liberal . supply ¦ and - un-"
Silver firmer. New York Exchange lozecr.
Wheat and Barley steady, but quiet.
Oats and Corn firm and Rye zvcak.
Oat products firm at the advanced prices.
Some changes in Beans. Hay and Feedstuff s undisturbed.
Potatoes and Onions steady: Vegetables zvcak.
Poultry market weaker, with more in from the East.
Butter and Eggs in heavy supply.
Cherries and Strawberries meet with a fair demand.
Seven cars of Oranges for to-day's auction.
Light crops of Pears, Prunes, Apricots and Almonds expected.
Peaches promise to make a very fair crop.
Dried Fruits not as active as a fortnight ago'.
Provisions dull at the old quotations. :v,
Hops in short supply and very firm.
Xczv Wool sells well. Old dull. Hides unchanged..
Beef weaker, Mutton steadier and Pork as before.
No change in Oils.
Local and oil stocks quiei and featureless.
17.900 Southern Railway 33 .
8,000 Southern Railway prefd. .............. 85H
G1.M0 Texas & Pacific ............;...'. 49$
j.100 Toledo St Louis & Western......... 18%
.^¦VS? Toledo St Louis & .Western prefd.. 37%
340,100 Union Pacific ..:... ...123$
15.100 Union Pacific' prefd.......... gs 3 ?
4.100 Wabash .:...... 2 o4
2L40O Wabash prefd :.:................. A">
200 Wheeling &. Lake Erie.. ......." 17j4
300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... S4
1,200 Wisconsin Central 21U
Wisconsin Central -prefd ............ 47"
... Express Companies— •' '
....... Adams .....170
American ; 193
100 United States . 8SU
! •• Wells Fargo ....: 145
Miscellaneous—
31,500 Amalgamated Copper ......122%
1,200 American Car & F..1 25%
£00 American Car & F prefd: 79
4.700. American Lii:seed Oil' 13V4
2,200 Linseed Oil prefd 39%
7,110.0 American Smelting& Refng. ....... 5S%
500 American Smelting & Refng prefd. 96%
14,703 American Tobacco ;'..:. "....127
1,700 Anaconda Mining Co ....; 49V4
11,503 Brooklyn Rapid Transit S3
4,100 Consolidated Gas ...224
• 200 Colorado -Fuel & Iro.n... .....103
21,900 Continental Tobacco :...... 51
500 Continental Tobacco piefd 105%
1.500 General Electric ......227
1,700 Glucose Sugar CO' '
400 Hocking Coal 18V4
1.203 International Paper 22 •
400 International Paper prefd 75 -
4,700 International Power '. 89^
Laelede Gas .84
400 National Biscuit ....42
100 National Lead 17U,
..: National Salt 43%
National Salt prefd 75^4
100 North American 86.
Pacific Coast 60
2,100 Pacific Mall 40
4,100 People's Gas '....115%
300 Pressed Steel Car ........ ~. 43
200 Pressed Steel Car prefa 83
200 Pullman Palace Car : 206
1,200 Republic Steel 20
-700 Republic Steel prefd... ....:.... 76
67,800 Sugar 147%
2,100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 63
100 Union Bag &,P. 13V.
Union Bag & P prefd 69V4
7,100 United States Leather 74^6
1,200 United States Leather prefd 77%
200 United States Rubber 2Ui
400 United States Rubber prefd.... 62
13,200 Western Union 96«4
145,800 United States Steel Co 51%
61,300 United States Steel Co prefd 98%
2,070,000 Shares cold. ;
CLOSING BONDS.
USref res 2s 106 . N' Y Cent lsta 107%
Do coup ..106 V J Cent gen us. ...133 i
* Do 3s reg 109 Northern Pac 3s... 72%
, Do 3s coup^ 109 Do 4s....'. 100%
Do new 4s reg....l37M N Y C & S L 4s...lO7V 2
Do new 4s coup.. 137% N f: W con 4s 109%
Do old 4s reg 113^ Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup... 113% Do 4s 104%
Do 5s reg 109 Or Short L 6s 12S%
Do 5s coup 109 Do con 5s 117%
Dis of Col 3.65s 12:v»4 Reading Gen 4s 95%
Atchlson gen 4s 103% R G W lsts 101
Dp adj 4s 96 S I- & I M con 5s..U5i,i
Canada Sou 2ds lGVrs R L & S F gen 6s.. 134
Ches & Ohio 4%s... 105% St Paul con 192
Do 5s 119 S P"C & P lsts.. ..118V*
C & N con 7s. ...,.138% Do 5s ..120%
Do S F Deb 5s. ..121% Routhern Pac 4s... 93
Chic Term 4s 94%|Pouthern Ry 5s. ...116
Colorado Sou 4s S7% Stand R S: T Cs..:. 60
D & R G 4s 102%. Tex & Pac lsts 119%
Erie Gen 4s.. SS I Do 2ds 100
F W & D C lsts 107 Union Pac 4s 1C6
General Elec 5s 1S5M; Wabash lsts IIS
Iowa Cent lsts 117% Do 2ds ...110
L & N Unl 4s 103 West Shore 4s......H4i4
M K & T 2ds 83% Wis Cent lsts...... 90%
Do 4s... 9S% Va Centuries 95^f;
MINING STOCKS. _
Adams Con 23 Little Chief ,. Is. .
Alice 45 Ontario -....8 CO
Breece 1 65 Ophir 90
Brunswick Con..... 18 Phoenix 09
Comstock Tunnel... 04 Potosi 04
Con Cal & Va 2 15 Savage 12
Deadwood Terra 50 Sierra Nevada 20
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 55
Iron Silver ...... 60 Standard 3 75
Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westngh Elec ..... 63%
Call loans 4@4% Bonds-
Time loans 4@4% Atchison 4s 102%
Stocks— N E O & Coke 5s.. 65
Atch Tod & S F.. S3% Mining Shares-
Do prefd.... '..103% Adventure ......... 16%
Amer Sugar 14"vfe Bingham Mng Co.. 25
D oprefd 122 Amal Copper 122
Amer Tele , 174 ' Boston & Mont — 437
Boston & Albany. .258 Butte & Boston — 113
Boston Elev 178 Calumet & Hecla..S33
Boston & Maine... 195 Centennial 30%
Chi Bur & Q 196% Franklin 18
Dominion Coal .... 35% Osceola 89
Do prefd ....115 Parrot 54Vi
Fitchburg prefd 147 Quincy 174
Ed Elec 111 245 Santa Fe Copper... 8
Mexican Cent 26% Tamarack »33S
N E Gas & Coke.. 11% Utah Mining 31%
Old Dominion 33% Winona 3%
Rubber 21% Wolverines 56%
Union Pac .........123% >-*J,'/i
London Market.
CLOSING
NEW YORK, May 7.— The' Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market was brisk and irregular
to-day. The American department was lively,
though it was much less sensational than it
has been for some time. The market was In
clined to be more cautious. Recognizing the
heavy differences which exist at the end of
the present long account, jobbers are unwill
ing to make prices In Northern Pacific and
other skyrockets. Bull views prevailed,
nevertheless. The features to-day^ in this de
partment were the Pacific stocks, "particularly
Northern Pacific common, which, though • it
opened well below, parity, resumert'its remark
able rise when New York opened and bulged
It. This caused a very buoyant close. Union
Pacific and the Atchlsons were supported, but
New York failed to help any other Issues, bo
that London was Inclined to. drag. St. Paul
hung heavy on a rumor that there was a
hitch in the combination plan. Canadian Pa
cific was again very strong on excited trad
ing. There was a report that Hill was Join
ing the board of directors and that "the com
pany would be taken into the Northwestern
consolidation scheme. Money was steady. ;
AtchiBon, 86%; Canadian Pacific, 114 Si: Union
Pacific preferred, 83; Northern- Pacific pre
ferred, 105; Grand Trunk. 12H; Anaconda, 10',4:
United States Steel, 53%: do preferred, 101%:
bar silver, steady, 27%d; money, 2'^f 3 per
cent.
New York 'Money Market.
NEW YORK, May 7.— Money on call was firm
at BV4@10 per cent; last loan, 8; ruling rate, 7.
Prime mercantile paper, - 4@4% per cent. Ster
ling exchange heavy, with actual business in
bankers' bills at. $4 87>i for demand and at $4 84
<S4 S3% for t-lxty days. Posted rates, $4 83®4 88
and $4 SS%@4 89. Commercial bills. • $4 S3%@
4 S4 1 /4. Silver certificates, 60c. Bar silver, 60c.
Mexican dollars, . 4S%c." Government bonds,
weak; State bonds, steady; railroad bonds. Ir
regular. . .'
Condition of .the Treasury.
•WASHINGTON, May 7.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $157,594,337; gold, ?97,7S2,S5O.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, May 7. — The market for cot
ton futures opened barely steady, 2 points
higher to 2 points lower. . The level was about
the highest of the day. Selling on: both
accounts set in and j slowly at first but with
increasing rapidity prices worked lower until
July reached 7.51c and August 7.24c. when
profit taking and some purchases on the reac
tion theory, brought about a • moderate : reac
tion. In the late afternoon heavy selling
orders came from : all . quarters: Large blocks
of cotton purchased around 7.90c . and .-8c for
July were dumped over and Europe disposed
of purchases made 'late last week. The close
was steady at a net decline of 13@19 points.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
trifugai;- 86 test, 4 9-32c; molasses sugar, 3%c.
Refined— Quiet but firm. J
I BUTTER-Receipts, 9436 packages. Firm.
Creamery, 15@19c; factory, ll@13c. i,/ M^J.
EGGS— Receipts 24,129 packages. Steady,
Wjllern regular packing, 13@13%e; storage.
Western. 14c. - ' ' ' ' ..
DRIED FRUITS. :
NEW YORK, May 7.— The market for evap
orated apples continues - without , change _ in
values. State common, 3@4c; prime, 4l4@4i6c.
choice, 5@5%c; fancy, 6@6%c. .
California dried fruits ruled dull and prices
were more or less nominal in the absence of
business. '
APRICOTS— Royal, 7^4@13c ; Moorpark, VAQ
v PEACHES-Peeled' 12%@20c; unpeeled, '5%@
l(li>. -:- - - . . •¦ - -
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, steady ; weather in England, un
settled. ¦ • '
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
winter, 5s ll^d; No. 1 northern spring, 6s Id;
No. . 1 California, 6s l%d. Futures, quiet;
July, F- 10%d; September, 5s 10%d.
CORIi— Spot, dull; American mixed, new, 4s
4d; do, old, 4 4Hd. Futures, quiet: May, nom
inal; July, 4s IVid; September, 4s Z%&.
changed. Lemons have not varied for several
weeks and there are plenty on. hand. Oranges
are in moderate - supply and steady, . axfi tn?
same may be said of Bananas.
More Currants came • in from San Leanoro.
- DECIDUOUS FRUITS—/ /• •
J CHERRIES-Receipts were 2474 boxes, selling
at 25@60c per box for red and 50@75c for darK.
STRAWBERRIES— $7@10 per chest for Longr
worths and $3 50@6 for large berries. Receipts
were 331 chests.
BLACKBERRIES— From Covina, %2 per crate.
CURRANTS— $1 50 per drawer." •'• -
CITRUS FRUITS — Naval Oranges, $1@2;
Seedlings. 75c®$l; Tangerines. 75c@$l 25: Lem
ons, 75c@$l 25 for common and $1 50@2 50 for
good to choice; Grape Fruit. 50c@$l 50; Mexican
Limes, $4 50: Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per bunch
for New Orleans and $1 23@2 for Honolulu;
Pineapples. $1 5C<g4 per .dozen.
Dried Fruits/ Nuts and Raisins.' v
The local market for Fruits is not as active
as it has been, though the lull may be tempo
rary. Prices show no further change. N New
York continues to report a firm market for
Prunes with some sizes scarce.
Reports from the different sections continue to
point to light J crop3 of Pears, Prunes, Apri
cots and Almonds, and a • good crop of
Peaches. This latter fruit weathered the hart
frosts better than any of the rest
FRUITS — Apricots. i&lV-c for Royals:
Evaporated Apples, 4@6c; sun-dried. l%@2c:
Peaches, - 3%@4c for standard, ,4 V6@5% for
choice and tJigCVic for fancy: Pears, 2@>7c;
Plums, pitted. 3V>@5c; unpttted, l@l%c;. Nec
tarines. 4<ft4Hc for red and 4@3c for, white.
PRUNES— 4 sizes, 3c; 40-5Cs. 6\ic: 50-609. 4^c;
60-70s, 3%c: 70-SOs, 3Vic; S0-90s, 2%c; 90-lOOs,
2%c: lC0-12Cs, l»£c.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, ..12c per lb; choice, lie:
standard. . 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10%c per
lb; choice. 9%c: standard. S%c; prime. 8c; un
blaached Sultanas, 8c: Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6^e: 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6V4c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific . brand— 2-crown, 5cl 3-crown, DUc, and
4-crown, o^ic; - seeded (Fresno prices). 5%c;
London Layers, 2-crown, $150 per box: 3
crown, $1 CO; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 t0; ;
Imperial, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common i
shipping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10@llc: No.
2, 7yi@Sc; No. 1 hardshall, 10c: No. 2. 6g7c;
Almonds, 13iR14c for papershell, lC@Uc for soft
shell ar.d 5@6c for hardshell: Peanuts. 5<@6c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll@ll%c; Filberts.
12Q_Hc: Pecans. ll#13c; Coccanuts. $3 50®5-
HQNET— Comb, 13%@14c for bright and 12H
(S13c for light amber; water white extracted,
7@7V&c; light amber extracted, 6@6e; dark, 4®
Be per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S@2Sc per lb.
Provisions.
Prices for everything stand the same. Busi
ness is quiet.
CURED MEATS— Baccn, 12c per lb for heavy,
12^(81130 for light medium. 13%c for light, 14%e
for extra light and 15«:C for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13c: Mess Beef. $12 per
barrel; extra Mess. $12 50; Family, $1150; prime
Mess Pork. $15: extra clear. $23; Mes3, $19;
Smoked Beef. 13%@14e per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 10^c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
10*ic: 10-lb tins, ll*4c; 5-lb tins, ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8T6c; three
half-barrels. 8?ic; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces.
S&c; five tierces. 8%c.cer lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hops are in fine shape for growers. The stock
in the three Coast States is said to be not over
15C0 bales, and according to local report there is
not a bale left in growers' hands In California.
Buyers would willingly make contracts, but
the growers generally are not contracting this
year, preferring to wait until the Hods are
baled. There Is hardly enough stock left here
to run the market until the new crop comes in.
Wool remains about in the condition reported
some days ago, choice new clip selling off well,
while old clips are given the go-by. Prices are
unchanged.-
The situation in Hides has not changed for
some time. '• ¦» /- ;
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls ar.d brands sell
about 114c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c: light, 8@8^c; Cow
Hides. 8%c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags.
6Vic: Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. SiftSHe: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16c: Culls, 13^@14c; Dry
Kip. 16c: Dry Calf, 16017c; Culls and. Brands.
13@14c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 15<S30c each:
short Wool. 30@50c each; medium, 60@75c: long
Wool. SCc@Sl each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50 for
large and ?27?2 25 for medium. $1@1 25 for small
and 5Cc for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $175 for
large, $1 £5 for medium, $1 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins. 35c;
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins,
20c. Goatskins — Prime -Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 414c per lb: No. 2,
3%fI4c: grease. 2@2^c.
WOOL— Sprine. 19C0 or 1901— Humboldt and
• Menrtocino. 15@16c per lb: Northern, free,M2^
13c; defective, 9«§llc: Middle County, free, 10<g)
lie; do, defective.' 8@10c; Southern, 12 months,
8<&9c: Southern, free. 7 months. 7@10c: do, de
fective, 7 months, 7@Sc; Oregon Valley, fine, 15
Sfiec: do. medium and coarse, 14@15c; Oregon,
Kastern, choice. 12@14c; do. fair to good, 9Sllc;
Nevada. 10#12c. ¦ '.~- r -\ '¦'-.'- ¦'¦
HOPS— 10@ 20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Beef Is a fraction lower, though butchers
seem to think that the decline is temporary.
All other descriptions remain' as before quoted.
The packers still say that they are getting Hogs
at 6«2C. 'The feeling in Mutton is steadier than
it has been.
BEEF— 7@7%c for Steers and 6_" 7c per lb for
cows. '
VEAL— Large, 7<g8c; small, S@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8<g8«$c; Ewes, 7ii@3c per
pound: • - ¦ ' - •;-.- .». . -
LAMB — Spring*. 9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hcgs. ISO lbs and under, 6!4c:
ISO to 225 lbs, 6%@6i4c; 225 and. over, 6@6-<Ic;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, SSs@9%c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Sale on call of 75,000 Calcuttas
at $6 S2H. "buyer June and July. San Quentln
Bags, $5 65; Calcutta Grain Bags, 6T4@7c; local
make. He less than Calcuttas; "Wool Bags, 30®
34c; Fleece Twine. 7%(38c.
CANNED FRUITS— Extras in 2^-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Aprlcot3, $1 50; Cherries, $2
for black and $2 for Royal Anne; Grapes. $1 35;
Peaches, 65c@$l 73: Pears, $1 S3; Plums, $1354*
1 40; Quinces, $1 65; Strawberries. $1 75.
COAL— Wellington, $9><per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $8 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50: Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $3; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14- Can
nel. J10 per ton; Coke, $13 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
. $S 40 per 2000 pounds and $S £0 per ton, accord
ing 'to brand.
CORDAGE — The local cordaee company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 13c per lb"
Pisal size, 10c; Bale Rope. 9Hc; Duplex, 9c
Terms. 60 days, or 1% per cent cash discount
Lota of 10.0W lbs, lc less. ,
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. } 5c
cases, ¦ regular, 5.50c: do, extra large. 5.75c; do'
Eastern style. 6.25c; Boneless. 7c; "Norway "
7c; "Narrow Gauge,". 7c; "Silver King." 7y.'c
blocks, "Oriental.". 6%c; do, "Seabright *' 7c
tablets, 7'^c; middles, 7*4c: do, "White Seal"'
S%c; 5-lb boxes, fancy. Boneless, 9c; 2-lb boxes
do. IViC; desiccated, per dozen. 75c; Pickled
Cod ; t>arrels. each. $7 75; do. half-barrels, each,
$4 7o.
COFFEE-^-Ccsta Rica— WHSlo^c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 12 1 / j@14c for prime
washed; 110:12c for good washed; HH@13c for
good to. prime .washed peaberry; ll©li%c for
good to prime peaberry: 10U©ll%c for good to
prime; 9*? 10c for good current mixed with
black beans; 9®10c for fair; 6@7»ic for common
to ordinary.
Salvador — mi@13%c for' strictly prime
washed; 9@12>Sc for good to prime washed
8WQS%c for fair washed; ll@12l,c for good to
prime washed Deaberry: 8V4®9c for good 'to
prime semi-washed; S?s@S7i»c for superior un-<
washed; ' SHSS'.ic for good green unwashed"
10@10V2C for good to • superior unwashed • pea
berry; 6@7%c for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— 12^®15%c nominal for prime to
fancy washed: 9@lHic nominal for fair to
strictly cood washed:- 7"a®8«4c nominal for
good to suoerior unwashed; 9' / i-'S10c nominal
for cood to prime unwashed peaberry
Guatemala and Mexico— 12®16c for prime to
fancy washed; . 10ft <jjll%c for strictly - good
washed; &%@10 ] £c for good washed; 814©9Uc
for fair washed: 7%'S8%c for medium; 6@7V4c
for ' Inferior to ordinary: Il@l3c for Eood to
prime washed peaberry: 9i£@lOMc nominal for
good to : rrime unwashed peaberry; 8H@884c
nominal for good to superior unwashed
. LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 2S<§32e per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26@30c: Sole -Leather, light
25<f»28e: Roush Leather. hea%-y. 27©28c; Rough
Leather, light. 25@23c; Harness Leather, heavy
SS@39c for No. 1 and SOGSSc for No: 2; Harness
leather, medium, 30^37c; Harness Leather
light. 29@35c: Skirting. S6«4Oc; Collar. Leather,'
15©16c per foot: Kip. unfinished. 4OQ5Oc per lb-
A'eal. . finished. 50@^5c: Calf, finished, 75c@$l 20-
Sides,' flnishejl, 16«jl7c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits, 14®16c; Rough Splits. S@10c per lb
TANB ARK— Ground. $:6@28 per ton: Stick.
$l&i220 per cord. ' •
OILS— California Castor Oil,' In cas?s No I.
75c;. pure. $1 30; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled*
75c: -raw. '73c: -cases. 5c more; Lard Oil extra
winter barrels, SOc; cases. 85c: China
Nut, 55(g65c per gallon: pure Neatsloot Oil. bar
rels, • foe;" cases, 70c; Sperm, ' pure, 65c; Whale
Oil. natural white. 37%@42*2C per gallon; Fish
Oil. in barrels, 35c;; cases, 40c..
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases; 19c; Astral. 13c; Star
19c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 24c; Eocene. 21c
deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk, 15c: in
cases, : 21c; Benzine, In bulk. 14c: in cases *»0c
86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c: in cases 2Sc '
SALT— H. R. H. is quoted at $18 75 per ton
in large sacks and $19 75 in 50s. : Liverpool is
quoted at:$17@18 50 for the best and $14 50@15 25
for lower grades. Higglns", *27 50@30 per ton.
TURPENTINE— 55c per gallon in casss and
49c in drums or iron "barrels
- ' RED . AND "WHITE » LEAD— Red - Lead. 7«i»
7%c>Der rib; White Lead. .7@7%c. • according to
quantity. .
r QUICKSILVER— 546 50@47 per flask for local"
use < and *¦ $45 for : export.
SUGAR— The '.Western Susar Refining Com
pany: quotes.^ per lb.:in 100-lb bags: ¦ . -.* 1 -
;, Crushed,- 6.25c : ; Powdered. : «..R5c; Candy Gran
ulated, ¦ 5.83c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, .MAY 8, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
10
Nezu York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market'.
Articles— Open. High
Wheat Xo. 2— " . . > - >
May .. 72% 74
July 72% 73%
Corn No. 2— . . " •>
May 61 52%.
July 46% 46%
September 45% 45%
Oats No. 2—
May ......r. 2SV4 28%
July 26% 26%
September 24% 25
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May ..14 85 14 SO
July 14 95 15 05
Lard, per ICO. lbs —
May .. *.... 8 C2% 8 05
July ..7 97% 8 00
September.. 8 00 8 CO
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 8 10 8 15
July 7 92*4 - 7 95
September 7 87% 7*92%
l.
. Low.
72%
72%
¦ 60%
45%
44%
2S
26%
24%
¦14 S3
14 95
8 00
7 97%
7.8744
8 10
7 92%
7S7%
Close.
73%
: 72T4
62%
46%
¦ 45%
2S%
26%
24%
14 SO
15 02%
8 02%
7 97%
7 97%
8 12%
7 95
7 SO
!• Last I This I Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka ..: 0.00 .45.93 4S.23
Tied Bluff •.... 0.00 21.21 22.51
Facramcnto 0.00 19. £2 19.S4
Pan Francisco 0.00 20.51 IS. 20
Frr-sno 0.00 11.06 s.47
Jri<J«?r«endence ....... O.OO 5.85 3.65
Pan Luis Oblspo.... 0.00 SO. So 17.00
Lof Angeles Trace. ID. 58 7.54
Ban Diego 0.00 11.25 6.S3
!• Last I This I Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka ..: 0.00 .45.93 4S.23
Tied Bluff •.... 0.00 21.21 22.51
Facramcnto 0.00 19. £2 19.S4
Pan Francisco 0.00 20.51 IS. 20
Frr-sno 0.00 11.06 s.47
Jri<J«?r«endence ....... O.OO 5.85 3.65
Pan Luis Oblspo.... 0.00 SO. So 17.00
Lof Angeles Trace. ID. 58 7.54
Ban Diego 0.00 11.25 6.S3
Articles— Open. High
Wheat Xo. 2— " . . > - >
May .. 72% 74
July 72% 73%
Corn No. 2— . . " •>
May 61 52%.
July 46% 46%
September 45% 45%
Oats No. 2—
May ......r. 2SV4 28%
July 26% 26%
September 24% 25
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May ..14 85 14 SO
July 14 95 15 05
Lard, per ICO. lbs —
May .. *.... 8 C2% 8 05
July ..7 97% 8 00
September.. 8 00 8 CO
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 8 10 8 15
July 7 92*4 - 7 95
September 7 87% 7*92%
l.
. Low.
72%
72%
¦ 60%
45%
44%
2S
26%
24%
¦14 S3
14 95
8 00
7 97%
7.8744
8 10
7 92%
7S7%
Close.
73%
: 72T4
62%
46%
¦ 45%
2S%
26%
24%
14 SO
15 02%
8 02%
7 97%
7 97%
8 12%
7 95
7 SO
AUCTION SALES
fe ATTEND THIS BIG
AUCTION SALE
Of Selected and Accepted
GERMAN GOVERNMENT ARTIL-
LERY HpRSES,
• Consisting' of
150 MARES AND GELDING3.
Broken single and double and weighing from
1000 to 1330 pounds. Not a cull in the lot. All
sound and free from blemishes. Sale will taka
place
TUESDAY, May 14, 190!,
Commencing at 10 a, m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE ' EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD. S. F.
WM. G. LAYNG, Auctioneer.
Horses at Salesyard nest Saturday.
AUCTIONEERS' SALE
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327
SIXTH STREET,
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAY. May 8. at 11 a. m.
We will sell a lot of horses and mares; also SO
set of NEW HARNESS.
All horses must be as represented or money
refunded.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Annctioneers.Great secrecy is maintained as to details
of the Italian stamps of the new reign,
shortly to be issued, but one who has seen
them describes them as gems of elegant
sobriety In design. Seven classes of the
new Issue arc almost : ready. The King
himself is said to have chosen the win
ning design-— Pall Mall/Gazette.
- -~ ..¦ .•¦:'¦. ¦¦•/ .-.¦ .•¦¦¦,• ¦¦ >¦ " ; : ¦ -}¦'¦
Italy's New Stamps.
OAKLAND. May 7.— William- C. Glenn,
a well known merchant of this city, died
at his home, 1271 Twenty-third avenue,
this morning. Five children survive him —
A. G. and J. Q. Glenn, Mrs. H. C. Boyd
and Mrs. M. 1<\ Coon of Fruitvale and
Mrs. David Price of Mount Vernon, 111.
Mr. Glenn has been engaged in business
on this coast since 1878. In 18S2 he joined
his sons in Oakland and has since been
associated with them in the vehicle trade.
Tho funeral will take place from the late
residence on Thursday at 10 o'clock a. m.
The interment will' be in Mountain VIetr
Cemetery.
Pioneer Merchant Gone.
The detective salary Is always spot
Stenographers* Case .Argued.
OAKLAND. May 7.— The mandamus
proceedings begun by Court Stenographer
Paley to determine th£ validity of the pro
vision of the new county government act
allowing the official reporters a salary of
J150 a month were argued to-day before
.ludges Hall. Greene and Melvin. sitting in
hanc.
District Attorney Allen, in behalf of Au
ditor Ewinp. who hunjr up the requisitions
of the stenographers for their March and
April salaries, held that Ahe reporters
would have to collect fees for their work
jls formerly, since they do not rank as
county or township officers, and hence
cannot draw money from the county sal
ary fund. No decision was reached to
<isy.
gressman .Victor II. Metcalf on behalf of
a new Federal , building: for the Oakland
postofflce have at last come to a definitely
successful conclusion in the placing of
the contract for the structure with A. E.
Barrett, the builder of the Free Library,
now nearlng completion.
The contract price Is $153,000. The speci
fications call for gray Utah sandstone,
which will be cut here at an estimated
cost In wages of $22,000. Mr. Barrett say3
that he will ¦proceed with the work on the
new postofflce as soon as the papers are
signed. . •
CONTBACT PLACED FOR
OAKLAND FOSTOFFICE
Successful Bidder Is Now Engaged
in Completing the New Free
Library Building.
OAKLAND, May 7.— The labors of Con-
Vrought into the Receiving Hospital from
WcEt Berkeley this morning and detained
or. a charge of attempting suicide while
Insane.
Dornin eot off the train at West Berke
ley, having apparently started for Port
f.osta. from San I-"rancisco. and attempted
to throw himself in front of a passing
train. Bystanders seized liim and frus
trated his purpose. "While they were walt-
Jng for an officer to take the man Into
cusiody he broke away as the overland
train approached and was narrowly pre
vented from a more successful attempt
on his life. Dornin will be examined by
the Lunacy Commissioners to-morrow.
Bailroad Crossing.
OAKLAND, May 7.— Joseph Dornin was
Lunatic From Suicide at
Bystanders Twice Save a Supposed
TRIES TO "HXTRZ, HIMSELF
EETTEATH THE WHEELS
EASTERN CROOKS REMANDED.-The wrii
of habeas corpus for the release of Joe Green,
alias Hudson, and C. H. Merrill, who were held
to answer on the charge of grand larceny, for
stealing a diamond pin from F. C. Berry, was
dismissed by Judge Cook yesterday. The de
fendants were remanded Into the custody of the
Sheriff and_ their bonds fixed at $500 each or
J2&0 cash.
HELD FOR FORGERT.— Edward Roscher
was held to answer before the Superior Court
yesterday by Judge Mogan on two charges of
forgery. He forged the name of E. T. Knise to
two checks — one for $75, which he passed on the
Jackson Brewery, and other for $75 CO, which
he passed on the Hibernla Brewery. There are
two other charges against htm.
HARRY WALTERS SENTENCED.— Harry
Walters, head of the bunko men In the city,
who was convicted on a charge of vagrancy
by Judge Cabaniss Saturday, was yesterday
sentenced to sixty days' imprisonment in the
County Jail. He gave notice of appeal and
his bonds were fixed at 2500.
JAMES CURVESON ACQUITTED.— James
Curveson. who was ai rested in Eureka Beveral
months a^o for passing three counterfeit 25
oent pieces, was found not guilty yesterday by
a Jury in the United States District Court and
was discharged.
PETITION IN INSOLVENCY.— George F.
ClaussenluB. a Journeyman printer, filed a pe
tition In Insolvency yesterday' in the United
States District Court. He owes 1765 and has
no assets.
REAPPOIXTED NOTAHT PUBLIC— Sands
W. Forman has be«n reappolnted a Notary Pub
lic by Governor Gace to serve for four more
years.
LOCAL BREVITIES.
Gay Party of Pennsylvania Tourists
Enjoying a Brief Visit to
This City.
A very jovial party of Pennsylvania
Railroad conductors of the Susquehanna
division, accompanied by several friends,
are making a brief stop in this city. They
are on a pleasure tour from Columbia,
Pa., to St. Paul, Minn., by way of the
Golden Gate. They will travel more than
7000 miles and the trip will occupy about
four weeks.
The tourists express themselves as de
lighted with v.hat they have seen of
California and say that they will return
for a longer stay when possible. Their
headquarters is the Pullman car China,
at the Southern Faciflc depot, corner of
Third and Townsend streets.
The following named compose the
party:
Mr. and Mrs. J. \V; Clark, Mr. and Mrs. II.
Ii. JIalner. • Miss Mary Rich, Mr. and .Mrs.
James Rowan, Charles Rowan. Alice Mn~
Manus, James McManus, Mr. and Mrs. George
Host, Mr. and Mm. B. F. ¦ Lockard. Isaac
Jackson, Walter Jackson. Mr. and Mrs. . !.)enls
Pomers. William Homers, Mr. and Mrs. Peter
Wehner and Frank Retehorn.
RAILROAI> CONBTJCTORS
ON A PLEASURE TRIP
The new Board of Library Trustees or-
XraslZCd by re-electing George H. Mastick
*<¦ '.airman and E. W. Maslin secretary.
Mrs. Chapman then drew the shortest
torm as stated; Messrs. Mastick and
Maslin drew the two-year terms • and
Mesrrs. Lutgen and Barton drew the
three-year terms.
AI.AMEDA. May 7.— Mrs. T. X. Chap
man's career as a member of the Board
r.f Free Library Trustees is to last only
two months?. She was so unfortunate to
nierht as to pet the smallest end of the
l<-.t<=, which were drawn io decide which
<v.* of the five tcmbers of the new board
fhould go cut of office with the expira
tion of the fiscal year on July 1 next. Mrs.
Chapman may and she may not be re
eppointed to succeed herself when "her ab
breviated term expires. She was City
Trustee Mackie's appointment to the
Library Board and he may insist that
President Forderer. who has the appoint
ing power with regard to library trustees,
name her for the place agraln.
Will Serve Only Two
Months.
MRS. CHAPMAN DRAWS
THE SHORTEST TERM
\l?.ineda"s Female Library Trustee
COUNTIES TO EXHIBIT
AT EPWORTH CONVENTION
Part of Pavilion Reserved for Grand
Display of the State's
Resources.
While the Epworth League Convention
is In session at the Mechanics' Pavilion
the counties of California will give an ex
hibition of their resources. This step was
decided upon yesterday and the necessary
arrangements have been made to devote
the entire north side of the Pavilion for
the purpose.
During the convention it is anticipated
that many thousands of Eastern visitors
will attend the meetings, and as they will
not have time to journey all over; the
State they will be anxious to study the
resources of California. '
The Southern Pacific Company will
make a special rate of a half fare on all
freight shipped to the exhibit. Stanford
University and the University of Califor
nia have signified their willingness to as
sist in making the exhibition a success.
The committee in charge of the county
exhibits is composed of William McMur
ray (president), F. A. Webster and F. "W.
Prince. . ¦ ' • §>?.«$&
LEGION OF HONOR HOLD
THEIR 'ANNUAL MEETING
Transact Routine Business and Elect
Officers to Serve During the
Ensuing Term.
The annual session of the State Grand
Council of the American Legion of Honor,'
which -was held yesterday morning at
B'nal B'rlth" Hall, was well attended.
There were more than thirty delegates
present and almost every lodge in the
State was represented. After the routine
business had been transacted officers were
elected. They were installed by W. D.
Mansfield of the Supreme Council of the
committee of laws. The officers chosen
were as follows:
¦William Metzner. San Francisco, grand
commander; E. ; V. Jones, Los Angeles, grand
vice commander: J. M. -Henderson, Sacramen
to, crand orator; E. C. Sterling. San Fran
cisco, Krand secretary; J. H. Baker, San Fran
cisco, • Brand I treasurer; Rev. -Thomas Filben,
Pacific ¦ Grove, erand chaplain; Mary C. 8ny
der. Grass Valley, grand guide ; O. F. Han
son, Gilroy; grand 'warden; fa. ¦ Bloom. San
Francisco, . srrand sentry; J. W. Disbrou, Gus
Poehlman and C. O. Burton. San. Francisco,
financial committee": A. Nathan. ; San .Fran
cisco. W. H.. Hamilton, Oakland, and P. E.
McCarthy,' San Francisco. . grand trustees ; - J.
II. Baker, San "Francisco. . supreme representa
tive, and " E. - V. < Jones, , Los Angeles, alternate
representative."..
The trustees of the Mechanics' Pavilion
held a semi-monthly meeting last evening
at the institute. No definite action was
taken in reference to the selling of the
institute property or as to the erection of
a new library, as more votes are expected
by mail, only 14S8 having been received.
The vote up to a late hour last night was
as follows: In favor of selling the pa
vilion property. 1179; opposed. 276; in favor
of selling the Folsom-street property, 1428;
opposed, 47; in favor of building an office-,
and library on Post street, 1079; opposed.
There were 279 votes in favor of build
ing an office and library on some other
site and fifty-two suggestions as to whero
the new building should be erected.
The trustees also discussed the advisa
bility of allowing- an oil exposition to be
given at the pavilion in the autumn. L.
R. Mead spoke in favor of the exposition,
and said that the oil question was of
much interest to the general public of
California and that the exposition would
no doubt be a great success. The 'follow
ing committee was appointed to .look into
the matter and report to the trustees at
the next meelng: L. R. Mead. J. G. Spald
ing and Robert Neal.
MOST OF THE MEMBERS
WANT PAVILION SOLD
Volunteer Regiments Remaining in
Camp Will Leave Before Mid-
die of the Month.
The Thirty-ninth Infantry, United
States Volunteers, was mustered out of
the service Monday at the Presidio.
This reduces the number of volunteer
regiments in camp at the Presidio to three
and the muster rolls of these regiments
are so near completion that all the volun
teers now here will be mustered out be
fore May 15. . . ,„
The regiments remaining In camp will
leave the service on the following dates:
Thirty-second Infantry, May 8; Twenty
ninth, May 10, and the Twenty-sixth
May 13.
The next regiments to arrive are the
Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth, which left.
Manila on the Sheridan April 21.
The transport Warren is scheduled to
sail for Seattle and Alaska May 10. She
will have on board Companies E. F and
L of the Seventh Infantry, and Acting
Assistant Surgeon J. W. Halloway.
The date for the sailing of the Lawton
to Manila has been fixed for May 25. She
will carry Companies I and M of the Elev
eventh Infantry, and the following medi
cal officers: Maior William Bowen and
Captains H. A. Wlnterberg. J. M. Mada
ra, F. A. E. Disney. J. M. Wheate and J.
S. Fogg.
THIRTY-NINTH MUSTERED
OUT AT THE PRESIDIO
Curtis and Judge Cabanlss had a row a
few months ago but no bones were broken
or blood spilled.
One of Them Is Thrown to the Side
walk and Has His Leg
Broken.
Attorneys Archie Campbell and George
Franklin Curtis had a quarrel at Clay
and Kearny streets yesterday afternoon
and during the 'fight Curtis was thrown to
the sidewalk and his left leg broken above
the ankle.
Campbell accused Curtis of interfering
with his clients and endeavoring to get
themj to engage him in preference to
Campbell. Matters came to a climax a
few days ago when Curtis succeeded in
taking "a case • from Campbell, who had
been engaged to defend a woman charged
with vagrancy. The case was finally dis
posed of yesterday morning.
Campbell and Curtis left the Hall of
Justice together and when they reached
the corner Campbell accused Curtis of un
professional conduct. Angry words fol
lowed and Curtis began to pull off his
overcoat. Campbell closed upon him and
in the struggle Curtis was thrown to the
sidewalk, breaking his leg. The etrugr
gle continued for a minute or two on the
sidewalk when bystanders Interfered and
separated them. Campbell was willing to
surrender himself, but no complaint had
been sworn to.
ATTORNEYS ENGAGE
IN A STREET EIGHT
"The flash from the powder was so
blinding that I could not see for five min
utes afterward. By the time I recovered
my man had flown. The next morning 1
'mat the man on the street and asked him
what he thought when the light burst
upon him. He said in broken English:
'Veil, I don'd know what I think; I vas
so blind I could not see vat my own name
vas.' "
Olsen that he was under suspicion. Re
port came back to me that the man was
scared out of his wits, and I figured that
he wouid put the ledger back that night.
"I had chosen my ice wagon as a good
place to lie in wait. It was nearly 12
o'clock before I heard a sound. Suddenly
I heard some one climbing over the fence
in the rear of the coal yard. In the dim
light I could see the man approaching
the ice chest. I was in such a position
as to bring him right in front of the cam
era the moment he attempted to reach the
book. Sure enough, he did attempt it.
Then I just pressed the button and the
camera did the rest.-
The light blinded both Lukes and the
intruder. The latter escaped before
Lukes could begin to see. But Lukes
had the plate developed and he found
that he had a picture of Albert Olsen on
his plate. Olsen is a relative of the man
to whom Lukes owes the monev. The
ledger has been returned. Lukes has em
ployed A. F. St. Sure as his attorney, but
there will be no prosecution.
This is Lukes' story of how he photo
graphed the man who was breaking into
his coal yard: _
"On the first of the month I wanted to
make out some bills, but when I went to
look for my ledger it was gone from its
accustomed place. With one of my em
ployes,- Johnson. I looked high and low
for the book. Finally we found it on top
of the big ice chest. Something told me
that Olsen was responsible for its being
"The next day I planned to catch my
man. I hired a camera and a little pow
der and madf ready to make a flashlight
picture. Then I got Johnson to suggest to
SCHOOL BOARD DEMANDS
NOT PROPERLY CERTIFIED
Superintendent Webster Insists That
the Charter Provision Be.C'om
* plied With.
Superintendent of Schools Webster re
turned yesterday without his approval a
number of demands for salaries of labor
ers sent to him for his signature by the
Board of Education. The demands ag
gregated some 51200. The ground for
Webster's refusal to sign them was that
they were not properly certificated. The
charter provides that "every demand
shall have indorsed upon it a certificate
signed by the secretary of its approval by
the Board of Education, showing the date
thereof and the' law authorizing it by
title, date and section."
It was on this account that the suit of
P M Wellin. Inspector of schooihouse
re'pairs, was thrown out of court by Judge
Scawell. Wellin sued to compel \\ ebster
to sign his demand. Webster giving as a
reason for his refusal to audit it that
Wellin's services were not engaged in ac
cordance with the provisions of the char
ter Such demands have never contained
the proper certification in the past, and
Webster, taking his cue from Judge Sea
well's decision, will not sign them in the
future unless the certificate is attached.
Secretary Hanson of the Board of Educa
tion agreed to supply the certificate on
the demands and Webster will sign them
as scon as the formality is complied with.
After a considerable wait the very first
night Lukes heard footsteps. "When they
got about In the right position he fired the
flash.
Lukes noticed one day that his ledger
was missing and that there were indica
tions of his other books having been in
vestigated. He suspected that a man, to
whom he owed some money had entered
the coal yard at night and taken the
books home to make an investigation of
his financial standing. Being interested in
amateur photography. Lukes armed him
self with a camera and a load of flash
light powder and waited.
ALAMEDA, May 7.— A. W. Lukes,
who runs a coal yard in this
city, went gunning for the man
who stole his account books. In
stead of using- powder and a re
volver he used flashlight powder and a
camera. He captured his man by photo
graph and now has a picture of him in the
act cf entering the coal yard In the dead
of night.
evening at Odd Fellows' Hall in the pres
ence of a large number of friends and rel
atives of the students 6f the institution.
Dr. D. Maclean, dean of the college and
president of the board of trustees, pre
sented the degrees to ths graduating class
and as each of the new-fledged medicos
received his "sheepskin" he was greeted
with loud applause and presented with
floral tokens of regard. The ten graduates
wore the cap and grown to which they
were entitled. Those who were author
ized to practice medicine were: Alexan
der Pollock Baird, George Pierce von
Gerichten, August A. Guglieri, Martin
Van Higrgins. Thomas Laurence Keegan,
Henry Klopper. Horace Greeley Lamb,
Albert James Lasswell. Roscoe Lee Log*an
and Nicolai J. B. Shultz.
An address on the sanctity of the medi
cal profession was delivered by Superior
Judge G. E. Church of Fresno County.
Rev. \V. Rader pronounced the invocation
and benediction and a musical programme
was rendered by Mrs. J. Schutte. Miss
Nellie B. Waters. Signora Leah Caden
asso. Sigrior Facci and an orchestra. At
the close of the exercises a reception was
tendered the graduating students, after
which dancing was participated in.
California Medical Collegs Holds
Commencement Exercises in Pres
ence of Large Audience.
The commencement exercises of the
California Medical College were held last
DIPLOMAS ABE AWARDED
TO GRADUATING DOCTORS
Thoro are two other Baxter children,
inranOT. who arc being cared for at
TCapa. All three were given into the
mother's custody after the divorce was
granted, some time previous to her death.
The marriage of Miss Buford and Bax
i»»r ten yfears ajro was a big event In
(Xapa County, where the Bufords occu
pied a very prominent position. It was
nnt long after the redding that stories
began to float about of unhappiness and
ri^fr'ect. Baxter became very much rtls
likf-d nmong the Bufords. and at last
long years of domestic difficulties culmi
nated in the divorce which freed Mrs.
P.axter from her negligent spouse. She
was the heiress to her father's large
properties, and her friends always de
clared that Baxter had an eye on the
prospective fortune of his wife.
"Baxter never exhibited any affection
for Marcellene," said Dr. Schofield, "and
there can be only one other reason for
his act, and that is" a belief that he can
force Mr. Buford to give up money."
•'This man Baxter is a rascal, and God
help him if I lay my hands on him,"
paid Mr. Buford. "My daughter died cf a
broken heart because of his 111 treatment
of her. I fed and clothed him and loaned
him several thousand dollars. I took this
rhild and have cared for her as tenderly
es I could. He shall never keep her as
long as I have the power to fight him."
Chief Hodgkins located the child and
Baxter at Kenwood. Sonoma County,
later on and notified the Sheriff at tjanta
Rosa to arrest Baxter and to secure the
child.
Mr. Buford arrived to-night from Xapa
R!id went directly to police headquarters,
where he swore to a warrant charging
Baxter with abduction.
Father and Child Located.
The kidnaping on the 6treets to-day of
Marcellene* Baxter Buford, an eight-year
ol<i tfrl. made work for the Police" De
partment for several hours and created
consternation among those who were
watching .over the little one. Marcellene
¦was stolen while she was on her -way on
a bicycle to the Lafayette School from
her home, which is with Mrs. Dr. Carra
B. Schofield, 616 Fourteenth street. It i
' v\ s.s suspected as soon as the child's dis
appearance was known that the kidnaper
was her father. William F. Baxter, a
commercial traveler, who has long since
been deprived by law of the child's con
trol. He was subsequently found with
Marcellene in his possession.
Baxter married the daughter of S. H. \
Uulord, one of the most prominent and
wealthy ranchers of Napa County. She
tecured a. divorce from him on the ground
of r.egiect and cruelty.
The missing child, after her mother's
ocath last June, became the legal ward of
her rich maternal grandfather, who had
taken the little one into his home and had |
given her his name In the hope of effacing |
all recollection of the father, who had I
t.rought nothing but sorrow and distress
into the Buford home. The grandfather
was very anxious that the child should !
!.-e well reared and educated. That she !
might have nil ot the advantages of j
f-choolir.g lie decided to give her into the j
rare of Dr. Schofield. who had been one
«i the girlhood companions and intimates!
of Mrs. Baxter.
Three weeks agro little Marcellene was
brought to Oakland and Dr. Schofield, In
accordance with the desire of the grand
father, had the child put in a class at
'he Lafayette School.
Starts to School on Her Bicycle. •
This morning the little girl started off |
fit £:30 o'clock on her wheel for the I
schooihouse. which is at Seventeenth and ,
West streets, about six blocks from the j
Schoriold residence. About 10:30 o'clock |
Dr. Schofield, who had been out on a
professional call, returned to her home.
;\nd was summoned to the telephone by
a call from San Francisco. A man's
\oicr- said: !
"Marcellene will not be at home for
. jursch. 1 have her in San Francisco."
The surprised doctor was further In
formed that she would find the child's !
bicycle in the yard, where it had been ¦
returned after the girl was taken. !
The wheel was found at the place indi- !
cited. ';
The mysterious message over the 'phone !
continued te the effect that the child
would not be returned to Dr. Schofield.
"Is this Mr. Baxter talking?" inquired i
The doctor. She was familiar with the j
family troubles.
"No." responded the speaker.
Dr. Schorield wired to the grandfather j
at Ncpa, who has the legal care of the I
child. Fortunately Mr. Buford was speed- I
iiy reached and he lost no time in notify
ing the police of Oakland and San Fran
cisco. The Sheriffs of Napa County and j
the authorities at Santa Rosa, where
Baxter's relatives reside,, were also put
en the track.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. May 7.
Parent Abducts Daughter
Law Says He Shail
Not Have.
Little Marcellene Buford
Is Stolen by Her
Father.
KIDNAPS CHILD
ON THE STREET
On the same date there .was a lot of the
family jewelry pledged for 51000. This
jewelry includes watches, pins, chains,
lockets and all the miscellaneous bits that
make uv> a lady's outfit.
It seems that on July 5, 1900. the Ezetas
made a deed of trust to Wallace A. Wise
and Lucius- L. Solomons of a lot on
Adsms avenue as security for a lean se
cured by them. The loan has not been
repaid and so the sale of this property is
announced.
These sales are advertised and they
show that the conqueror of a large por
tion of Central America is now under the
hammer of a California County Sheriff.
What Is more, the property and ancestral
Jewelry of the great Central American
family will be offered for sale in public
on the steps of the Courthouse of Ala
meda County.
The goods . and realty of Don Carles
Ezeta, cne time President of the republic
of San Salvador and revolutionary leader
of Central America, are to be disposed of
by Sheriff's sale on June 1 and May 23. On
the former date the realty of Ezeta will
be offered for sale and on the 1 latter date
the family jewelry.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, May 7.
Property of Revolutionist
Must Go to Others at
Sheriffs Sale.
Realty and Jewelry to Be
Placed Under the
Hammer.
WILL AUCTION
EZETA'S GOODS
NEW YORK APPORTIONS
CARNEGIE LIBRARIES
Manhattan and the Bronx Will
-Have Forty-Five, and the Other
Boroughs the Remainder.
NEW YORK, May 7.— A conference was
held this afternoon in the Mayor's office
to discuss the. best means of . apportioning
among the respective boroughs Andrew
CaYnegie's gift of $5,200,000 for sixty-five
libraries. It was decided to give forty-five
libraries to Manhattan and the Bronx
and twenty to the Other boroughs, leaving
the question of location to the borcugh
boards, subject to the approval, of the
board of estimate.
BOILING WATEE SPOTJTS
FROM AN OREGON WELL
Steaming Column Shoots Into the
Air to a Height of
Forty Feet.
VALE, Or., May 7.— From an artesian
well bored by Hope Brothers at thi3
place a strong flow of boiling hot water
has been obtained. The water is highly
mineral. Its temperature as it comes
from the ground is 212 degrees Fahren
heit. When the weather ia frosty the
steam forms a dense white cloud thjit can
be seen for a long distance. The water
shoots to a height of nearly forty feet. .
Bryan Talks for Fusion.
OMAHA, May 7j — The annual banquet
of the Peter Cooper Club was held in this
city to-night, about 250 guests from va
rious parts of the State being present.
W. J. Bryan and ex-Senator W. V. Allen,
the guests of honor, occupied places on
either side "of President Qulnby of the
club. . The future of fusion -was the
theme- of the evening, and the ex
pressions were unanimous in favor
of its continuance. The hall was dec
orated with United States flairs and por
traits of Peter Cooper, Jetferson and
Bryan. Bryan spoke upon "Fusion,"
urging Its continuance.
Tariff Union Against Americans.
LONDON. May 8.— According to the
Dally Mail, it Is asserted in Holland that
Germany is trying to persuade the Mid-
European States to. form a tariff union
against American competition.
Cutters for Bering 1 Sea.
WASHINGTON, May 7.— The following
revenue cutters have been ordered to
comprise the fleet of the Bering Sea
'cruise: Thetis, Bear, .Manning, Rush and
Grant. >'¦-•>¦¦¦"'-
Wakefleld Contest Appealed.
OAKLAND. May 7.— Mrs. Ruth Miller,
the aunt of Miss Naomi Wakefleld, who
was one of the victims -of the Rio disas
ter, will carry to the Supreme Court her
fight against Public Administrator Hawes
for the control of her niece's property.
The Public Administrator bases hia claim
on the contention that Miss Wakefield's
mother, who was also drowned In the
wreck, survived her. Mrs. Miller asserts
that Miss Wakefleld was an expert and
fearless swimmer and was, therefore, the
probable survivor.
George Stacey.
GRASS VALLEY. May 7.— Ex-Town
Trustee George Stacey died at his home
In this city last night of paralysis. Ha
was 51 years of age.
Raphael Straus.
CINCINNATI. May 7.— Raphael Straus,
a well known artist, died at his home here
to-day, aged 72 years.
Ebner. one of Northern California's oldest
wholesale liquor merchants, died suddenly
this morning at his residence in this city.
Death -was due to apoplexy. He was a na
tive of Germany, aged 72 years.
Captain F. X. Ebner.
SACRAMENTO. May 7.— Captain F. X.
MODESTO. May 7.— Hon. E. B. Beard,
a California pioneer of 1850 and a resident
of Stanislaus County since 1S52. died to
day, aged 75 years. He was a native of
Indiana. Mr. Beard was the first Assessor
of Stanislaus County and was Assembly
man for two terms. 1S83 and 1SS5. He was
a member of the Masonic and Odd Fellow
fraternities. . •
Hon. E. B. Beard.
DENVER, May 7. — Thomas J. Shelton,
publisher of the Christian, who claims
close kinship to Jacob and Moses, and the
power to cure disease by sendinz vibra
tions to any distance, to-day pleaded
guilty to the Improper use of the mails
and was fined $25 by Judge Hallett in the
United States Court.
An Alleged "Healer" Fined.
ary in Shensi.
Fearful Death of an Italian Mission-
LONDON, May 7.— According to a dis
patch from Shanghai to the Dally Ex
press, Father Paoli. an Italian mission
ary, was burned alive in the province of
Shensl.
FATHER PAOLI BURNED ALIVE.
of a Conspiracy. j /
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay, May 7. —
There are new rumors of a conspiracy.
The police are making numerous arrests
of army officers and civilians. It Is as
serted that the principal object of the
plot was to kill President Cuestas upon,
his arrival at the Government palace.
URUGUAY'S PRESIDENT
MAY BE ASSASSINATED
Police at Montevideo Arrest Army
Officers and Civilians Suspected
Mrs. Kidder Succeeds Her Lata Hus
s band as President of Nevada
County Narrow Gauge.
GRASS VALLEY. May 7.— At the an
nual meeting of the stockholders of the
Nevada County Narrow Guage Railroad
.to-day, Mrs. J. F. Kidder was elected
president to succeed her husband, who
died one month ago. The other officers
elected are as follows: Vice president.
Peter Johnson; secretary, F. J. Beatty;
treasurer, C. M. Preston; auditor, J. H.
Coughlin; general manager and superin
tendent, Charles F. Loughbrldge.
The report of thre secretary and treas
urer 'was read and shows a. net profit of
J21.1S7 for the year. . ' *•;•'
WOMAN AT THE ttt?at> : -yZ
OF RAILWAY COMPANY
STARCH MANUFACTURERS
TO CLOSE 'I'H Hi H. WORKS
Eleven Establishments Will Ceasa
Operation When the Season's Corn
Supply Is Consumed.
ST. PAUL, May 7.— A Sioux City. Iowa,
special to the Dispatch says: A telegram
from the head office of the National
Starch Company states that the company
will close all of its eleven factories as
soon as the present corn supply is con
sumed. The Sioux City plant, which Is
one of the largest in the country, will con
tinue until about June 1. The other fac
tories are in Nebraska City. Nebr.; Dea
Molnes. Iowa; Cincinnati, Buffalo, Glen
Cove. N. Y., and other places.
The information sent here inclines the
local management to the belief that re
pairs will t>e made during the summer and,
that mest of the plants will be reopened
in the fall. President Piel was here re
cently and said that all the factories were
overstocked.
Commander.
LOS ANGELES. May 7.— The fifteenth
annual State encampment of the Sons of
Veterans was called to order this morn
ing in Odd Fellows' Hall. Delegates wera
present from Fair Oaks Post of i San
Francisco, and the posts of San Jose,
Long Beach, Ventura, Corona and Loa
Angeles.
The following officers were elected: Past
Captain C. E. Washburn, Loa Angeles,'
division commander; Major Edwin M.
Selby Jr., Ventura, senior vice com
mander; -Major Fred E. . Mun
sey, Los Angeles. Junior vice com
mander. Members of division council-
Former Adjutant Robert J. Butler, San
Jose; Colonel Henry T. Moore. San Fran
cisco, and Dr. G. B. Husted, Modesto.
The new commander has made the fol
lowing selections for his staff: J. A. Med
lar, Los Angeles, adjutant; Frank C.
Shipley, past division commander, - Oak
land, inspecting officer; Captain F. B.
Wilson, San Francisco, mustering officer;
Dr. B. A. Perce. Long Beach, surgeon:
former Judge Advocate Charles L. Alli
son, San Bernardino, Judge advocate; J.
Carroll Spencer, Los Gatos, chaplain.
Captain Frank R. Handley continues a3
division quartermaster, having been elect
ed thereto for three years. The position
of sergeant major was not filled.
Aids— Dr. A. C. Bennett. San Jose; per
sonal aid, George W. Conart, Los Ange
les; Colonel Frank P. Bushnell, Los Ange
les; Colonel N. S. Baugham, Pasadena,
and Frank Johnson, Covina.
C. E. "Washburn of Los Angeles
Elected to the Post of Division
OFFICERS CHOSEN"
BY SONS OF VETERANS
BRIDE OF YEAR
SEEKS DIVORCE
Suit Is Quietly Brought
Against Young Will
Hopkins.
— — .»-
His Wife Also Enjoins Him
From Disposing of
His Estate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 7.
Love at first sight, an inherited fortune
and a -young: wife's dream of happiness
shattered almost before the echoes of the
marriage vows had been stilled are
some of the elements of a romantic story
told in a divorce complaint which has
been filed against William J. Hopkins in
the Alameda County Superior Court. The
defendant is a grand-nephew and an heir
of the latls Mark\ Hopkins. The young
man. who is better known among a wide
circle of friends- as "Billy" Hopkins, Is a
son of Mrs. Josephine E. Hopkins, who,
with her son and beautiful daughter, Miss
Mabel Hopkins, resided , for many years
in Oakland. Their home i.9 now in San
Francisco, where Miss Hopkins is said to
be one of the most charming of the Gold
en Gate's belles. .
The story of "Billy" Hopkins' marital
troubles has all the flavor of a modern
romance. . The wife, who fifteen month3
after shd became the spouse of Hopkins
seeks a divorce, was Miss Ida W. Platt
of Rumsey, Yolo County. • ¦ '¦
Miss Platt and young Hopkins met at
Highland Springs during the winter of
3S9'J. She was a trained nurse, graduated
from Fabiola Hospital at OaKland, and
was at the springs on account of profes
sional business.
They were married at Larkspur In Feb
ruary of last year, and their troubles
commenced not a month after the wed
ding. The complaint, which charges
cruelty, neglect and intemperance, wa3
very quietly filed in the County Clerk's
office.
Mrs. Hopkins does not accuse her hus
band of beating her or of using physical
force upon her, but the cruelty she com
plains of is that which brings bitterness
and mental suffering. She declares that
she -was made the butt of her husband s
cruel nagging in public to her great hu
miliation. The grieving bride of a month
was forced, she recites, to see her hus
band . flirting with waitresses at the
springs where they spent their honey
moon. On numerous occasions Mrs. Hop
kins avers that she was made the target
of her husband's untoward actions, in
which pretty girls, employes of the hotel,
were the objects of his attentions.
On one occasion Mrs. Hopkins tells the
circumstances of a. debauch in which her
spouse was the central figure. During the
revelings he fired a pistol, arousing the
guests at the hotel, who discovered his
condition, much to his wife's humiliation.
The experiences cover the months be
tween February and October, when Mrs.
Hopkins left the springs .and came' to
Oakland. In November a child was born
to her at Fabiola Hospital. Since that
time, according to the complaint, Hop
kins' treatment of the mother has not im
proved. The complaint concludes with a
charge of intemperance as one of the
grounds for the legal separation the
youthful bride and mother has asked to
be- granted.
Tho financial side of the story is hardly
less, interesting, than that revealed con
cerning the purely domestic turbulence.
Before the ink was scarcely dry upon
the divorce complaint young Hopkins fell
into a fortune, the value of which is vari
ously estimated at between $100,000 and
1200,000, his portion of an estate left to him
In trust by his father, the late Orrin Hop
kins, who was Mark Hopkins' nephew.
Tho estate is composed of considerable
realty holdings and collateral reputed to
be of much value and situated in San
Francisco. Young Hopkins could not
come info absolute possession of his for
tune'until he reached the age of 25 years.
The estate was held In trust by W. S.
Hopkins and Edward Hopkins, his uncles.
On Sunday the young man attained the
age stipulated In the trust clause of the
will and he is now the sole owner of the
estate. - • ¦
But it will be of little service to him
until the divorce case is settled, because
Mrs. Hopkins has had an injunction
served upon her husband, which prevents
him from touching: his estate until the
case has been settled. Pending the litiga
tion she asked to be allowed alimony, the
amount of which shall be determined
after a hearing in court
The young man was served with the pa
pers at Hopland yesterday. His residence
during the past two years has been divid
ed hetween San Francisco and Highland
Springs, the latter resort being his favor
ite place of retreat. The divorce case was
brought in Oakland because Mrs. Hop
kina has made this city her legal place of
residence. Her relatives are prominent in
Yolo County.
STILL DISCUSSING
THE WATER • QUESTION"
Councilmen Unable to Determine
Where Money Can Come From. .
to Pay Company.
OAKLAND. Hay. 7. — The' special joint
committee of the City Council and th*
Board of Education which was organized
to confer en the high school deficit' held
a three hours' session to-hlght and ad
journed after reporting that no conclusion
had been reached.
W. J. Dingee's proposition to accept a
rebate on water bll!s was. discussed at
length and the prospect of raising
necessary money was under debate. The.
commltteemen said they would meet to
morrow night before the Council session
and consider the situation further with
Auditor Breed. Without making any.
specific statement as to results Council
man Dornln said: "We were somewhat
in the dark because Auditor Breed was
not present. It is largely a question of
determining where the money can come
from, to pay the water company. There
was not unanimity of opinion about the
proposition to retire Judge Hayne. City
Attorney Johnson was not present to
night so we could get no opinion concern
ing the legality of any action on Dingee'a
offer. -We desire to confer with :Mr. John
son before proceeding further." .
• School Director Button said:. "I can
only add that matters look much brighter
than they did yesterday."
The committeemen present were Coun
cilmen Dornin. Bon and Bishop and School
Directors Button, Redlngton and Isaacs.
Others in attendance were Councilmen
Wallace, Cuvelller and Wixson, Secretary
Jackson of the Board of Public . Works
and W. W. Garthwalte, cashier of the
Oakland Bank of Savings, which Is In
terested in. the payment of school teach
ers' warrants.
Denied by Secretary Hay.
WICKENBUR'G, Ariz., May 7.— The
statement that the State Department has
delivered a new isthmian canal treaty to
the British Embassador is officially denied
by Secretary Hay.
To-morrow there will also be provided
several extra commissary stations In
various parts of the city to relieve the
situation at the two already established,
arid no doubt there will be one in each
village of tents. There has been no out
break of sickness in the city and the
.several cases of nervous prostration
which have been reported are now well
on the way to recovery. Thousands of
people have left the city. Those remain-
Ing and able will be given some kind of
labor at the bureaus which have been
established. \
The military companies have been of
great assistance with their experience in
rapidly erecting tents, and before to-mor
row night there will be several tented
villages in the city with cots and blank
ets and a water supply In almost every
village for the sufferers.
JACKSONVILLE. Fla., May 7.— The al
most superhuman work of the different
committees has somewhat relieved the
situation and it Is now believed that In
every instance those without proper food
and clothing were in a measure cared for
to-day and that to-night there are vastly
fewer people who were compelled to sleep
upon the streets. Two hundred tents were
erected , to-day, and while those were
crowded to-night with sleepers, this con
dition will be relieved to-morrow by the
arrival of 2000 tents from the general gov
ernment' at Washington, which will be
erected at once.
Provisions Supplied to tne Un
fortunate Citizens.
Tents Erected in Jacksonville and
SUFFERERS FROM FIRE
ARE RAPIDLY RELIEVED
Miss Waldron 'attempted to Jump from
the fourth floor into tho life net. She
missed it, falling into the arms of half a
dozen policemen and firemen. She was
injured and taken to a hospital, as was
one of the men holding the net. Mrs.
Wanamaker attempted to jump into the
net. She struck the fire escape on the
first floor, receiving Internal injuries. She
was removed to a hospital. Carrie John
son, servant girl, is reported missing.
The fire started in a butter and egg
store. It spread rapidly, and In a few
minutes had eaten through the four other
houses, all five-story apartments. Mr.
and Mrs. A. M. Young, who lived on the
fourth floor of one house, Jumped from
the window of their apartment into a life
net. Mrs. Young received severe contu
sions and internal Injuries and was taken
to a hospital, as was her husband. A
man was Been at the window of one of
the third floor3 as if he were about to
jump. Then he disappeared, and It Is
feared he was either burned or smoth
ered to death.
NEW YORK. .May 7.— A fire which
started just before midnight on the
ground floor of the five-story apartment
house at 758 Lexington avenue drove
twenty or more families into the street
and many people had narrow escapes.
The police and firemen, aided by citizens,
rescued several i>ersons. Two were In
jured and taken to the Presbyterian Hos
pital and several are reported missing.
Midnight Blaze in New York
Results in Injury to Sev
eral Persons.
Occupants of Apartment
House Leap From •
Windows.
NARROWLY ESCAPE
DEATH BY FIRE
OMAHA, Neb.. May 7.— Golden-hai-ed
twelve-year-old Jessie Crawford made a
heroic rescue of her aged rather. James
Crawford, this morning. He is a fisher
man and resides near the banks of the
Missouri River.
After arriving in midstream his boat
struck a snag, and in a violent effort to
clear himself he was capsized Into the
fiercely flowing Missouri. Jessie was on
the bank when her father shouted for
help, and without a moment's hesitation
she clambered into a rowboat and with
strong, well-directed strokes sent the boat
athwart the rapid current, reaching the
point of her" father's accident Just In time
to catch him as he rose for the third
time. '
By strenuous efforts the child was able
to raise part of her unconscious parent's
body from the water and pull It across the
stem of the boat. Then she carefully
rowed to the shore. Friends saved the
father, and Omaha's Grace Darling col
lapsed in an attack of hysterical happi
ness.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Twelve- Year-Old Jessie Craw
ford Braves Peril for a
Parent.
Heroic Act of a Child
on the Missouri
SAVES FATHER
FROM DROWNING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 8, 1901.
A. W. Lukes, Coal Dealer, Takes Picture of Man
Who Seeks to Surreptitiously Examine Books.
FLASHLIGHT PHOTOGRAPH
EXPOSES AN INTRUDER
REMARKABLE FLASHLIGHT
PHOTOGRAPH, SHOWING DE
. TECTION OF A MARAUDER.
11
THE DAY'S DEAD,
VALUABLE TESTIMONIALS, jj
A few of over One Thousand, front Famous Physicians : ]
Professor Yon Mosetig-Moorhof, Vienna, Austria, \>
Professor of Surgery, Imp. University/writes: g'l have employed Hunyadl Janos \
Water in cases of Obstinate Constipation with excellent and Immediate effect." |
• Professor Lomikowski, Charkow, Russia,, j
Professor in Therapeutics at the University, writes:" Hunyadl Janos stands first (
among all Aperient Waters." - . i
Professor D. LambI, Warsaw, Russia, !
Professor of Clinical Medicine at the University, writes: «• Hunyadl Janos Bitter j
Water, besides being an excellent general Aperient, has proved specially eflcacious ,
'.in the treatment of chronio constipation, venous obstruction and congestion, i
hemorrhoidal affection and obesity." |
No Medicine in the World can compare with "Hunyadi-Janos." !;
.-.; . tu6 Si U**" Jms 3>m*6| .-• ¦"-¦'-; :¦¦¦[ ;.' : /-i ¦ JTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 8, 190.1.
12
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ean Francisco
Call, c.jner cf Market and Third streets: open
ur.ti! 12 o'clock every night in the year.
UKANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery rtreet.
eorr>er Clay: open until 9:30 p. m. .
T-'fl Hayes street; oj>en until 5:30 p. ra.
*T3 McAllister street; open until 9:33 p. ra.
a:, Larkin street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
::-<l Mirsion etreet: open until 10 p. m.
r^:i Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until fl p. m.
"CC Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
;C56 Valencia street: cren untl 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tvrkv ffr»-«»tr: Ten until 9 p. nr.. _
MEETING NOTICES,
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. and *
\ M. -Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)
BVKKXXG at 7:30 o'clock. First de- T&7Z
rroe THKO. FROLICH. Sec. -^^
,"^OCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. m
" SI — D K THIS EVENING. May 8. _£&_
•it 7 30 o'clock. By order of the W. M. 1LJ\
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary. / *
FvcrrLPIOIt Lodge No. 166, F. and. A. ft
V-.\-i!W meeting THIS ttVEDNES-^gV,
DAY) EVENING, May 8, at 7^0^J^
r.'dock. Fiitt derrce. By order of
!h» W. M. II. J- OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lnd=f» No. 1G9. F. and A. M-— «
* rp.'W" meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) -f%-
"VFNING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- /L*\
gree.- R. E. ALLAN. Sec. •*
TEMPLAR Lodge No. 17. I. O. O. .^jgjSgfe,.
J\. -n-Ill have initiation THIS
• WEDNESDAY) EVENING. A "^^j^s-
fr.ll attendance is requested.
WILLIAM G. GRIFFITH, N. G.
J. M. McQUEEN. Recording Secretary.
E. R. B.— An important meeting of f
•his society will be held at our «f
hall, \\r\ Mission Ft.. THIS.*^^^
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, May fe, j£i
f, at S o'clock. Members are
earnestly requested to at ten J. #jJ>"<5F'
ADDRESS Golden Gate Hall, 425 Sutter et,
f UNDAY. 2 p. m. Subject, "Heaven Here,"
by E. P. McKENLEY.
AXXL'AL meeting-— The regular annual meet-
Ins cf the stockholders of the Hutchinson
St^ar riantation Company will be held et
ih» office of the company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco. CaL on TUESDAY, the 14th day
«•? May. 1901. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
fcr the purpose of electing a board of di-
rr--tcr5 to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction cf such other .business as may
crrr-.* before the meeting. Transfer books
vill clcse-cn Friday, May 3. 1S01, at 3 o'cloclc
p. m . E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ADO1TIOX.
GOOD heme cpf-n for -healthy boy and trlrl ba-
bies. MRS. DR. FUNKE. H16 Sth; Alameda.
~ AGEXTS WASTED.
55 LADY and g-er.tlemen solicitors; special for
McKiniey's visit; big money. Frank H. Moon,
33) Par.Eome, room 48, after 11 a. m. to-day.
I CAN grive steady employment to a few active
men *.n& wr.men ; frood pay- Apply to JAMES
Y. BKVERIDGE. Fresno. Cal.
NEW rreposition for photo coupon agents.
1019 Market st.. room 2.
ASPHALTCM ROOFING.
J. PETTIER, asphalt roofing. 6idewalks re-
paircd; postal. 11SG Mission; tel. Foleom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fc» without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22. 137 Montgomery St., S. F.
ADVICB free; no charges unless successful. W.
Vr. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L S. CLARK. Emma Soreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
kft st.: consultation free : no fees in advance.
BATHS.
RING up LAXE. Main 315: he will explain how
to get lovely hot water for baths without ex-
tra expense.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREX.
S OR S children to board; yard; best care; $10:
r.ear school. 16C7 California st.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
X— S1400; ICE cream parlors and candy store;
choicest location; low rent; monthly receipts
$7.x>; value in sijcht; net profits at least $150
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kear-
ny st. •
A— S17.*.O: CORNER grocery and bar; place es-
tablished years a,nd known as one of the best
paying; ccmer groceries in this city; location.
«-na block from Market Et. Particulars R.
G. WILKE, V>b Kearny st.
A— J11CC: RESTAURANT with 7 rooms and
bath; very choicest business location; rent
J3i. Investigate and make an offer; a rare
and sood chance. Call R. O. WILKE, 265*
Kf-aniy et.
A -$?.:o ; RESTAURANT on Howard 8t.; daily
receipts iHZ: rent $17; good prices: must be
• a!d «t once. R. G. WILKE, 26li Keamy st.
A— Sll'CO; COR. grocery and bar on- California
st.; srocd business. R. G. WILKE, 26^
Keamy st.
A — $1500; SALOON; most whisky trade;
raily receipts about $25; rent I-J0; clearing
above $2C0 per month: location one door off
Market; stock and fixtures invoice price;
owner to leave for Alaska; offer taken for 3
days. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
J7:,o— SALOON; rent $50; location. Pine and
Montgomery Fts. ; business clearing above $150'
l-^r month. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2SV4
Kearny st.
A— S1900; SALOON with 9 rooms, surrounded
by factories, warehouses and lumber yards;
larfte transient trade; rent $40. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26'£ Kearny St.
A— 3C300; GROCERY store Cwlthout bar) doing
a large and profitable cash business; choicest'
location in city. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
26 \i Kenrny st.
A— $1050; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kearny st. ; rent S75; clearinsr $1SD per month;
daily receipts about $60. Call R. G. WILKE,
?fc'^ Kearny gt.
A— ?4X0: SALOON on Market st.; place estab-
lished many years and doing- a larre busi-
n«-Fs- net rent T13.": sickness In family com-
r>cls owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26"-4 Kearny st.
A— %"/\; BAKERY, all store trade; pood busi-
ness; No. 1 location; rent only $30; don't miss
this. STRAND & KAISER. 203 Kearny st.
A — *,VE ran sell all ' kinds of business quick
for cash. STRAND £: KAISER, 203 Kearny.
A-f3BB: BRANCH bakery and delicacy store;
receipts- tV> day; barg-ain to-day. STRAND
ft KAISER. 2P9 Kearny r,t.
A— $4200: BUTCHER shor> with house and lot.
S^e STRAND & KAISER, 203 K«arny st.
A A A— ICO CIGAR stands, 2V) groceries and bars,
3M) candy and ioecTv-;»m stores, SCO restau-
rants. M0 Ftcres of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with S109 up can be suited. If you
v.-firit to buy a business call and eee us.
WALTKR HATES & CO., 83S Market Et.
Tf'H private sale— Some of the best saloons in
the city. WALTER HATES & CO.. 833
Market st.
*pop— SALOON; rare chance for the right man
to acquire a pood paying business; guarantee
?2 r -0 per month clecr of all expenses: cheap
rent: 9 fumlrhed rooms; no better location
!n the city. Husiness Board Trade. 22G Pine.
ICECREAM parlor, restaurant, saloon, milk
ranch, lodfrinr-house; RiH-edpe. paying busi-
ness; rr.ake offer. Business Beard Trade, 326
Pine st.
j ) <wv— PA P.TNER wanted In plumbiner and gas-
fittir.g business; well-known business. For
nrtlnjlars fcee MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777V4*
Marlret rt.
?'?->— BOA P. DING find lodslng house; near city.
_McLAUGHLIN' & CO.. 777'^ Market, St.
K"C— SALOON: north of Market St.: bargain.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777',^ Market ?t.
I HAVK barzains in groceries and bars, res-
ip.u rants, bakrrie."". cnr.dies. cis-arn, notions,
drug ftores. etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 753 Mkt.
RANCHES — Fruit ranches, dair" ranchesT
chicken ranches and reneral ranches for sale
and to rent. JOSEPH HAILIE. 759 Market.
R5 — MANUI'ACTUPING business; partner
wanted; duties v.-ill he to keep plain accounts
*r.d atftet generally in running the business-
•>mf.ts nil! overage T90 a month to eac'a.
DONNELLY & CO.. CZ> Market St.
WANTED— Party to travel for responsible' po-
*.tion: deport of $75: Interview only. Box
TG2I. Coll office.
PARTNER; moderate capital; theatrical husl-
SnesE: Investor salary and profits. Address
box J6r.. Call office.
FOR saJe.on account of sickness— Good busl-
r.e?s; The Overland ohnp house and re^tau-
rant. Lincoln ave.. off broadgauge. Alameda.
PARTNERS with s^mall capital to fornTcom-
irany for Philippine Island trade. 3C24. Call.
TARTNKR in well established grocery and bar
business: aboct SiCO: no agents. Box 3014. Call.
CIGAR stand. $7.*0; can't be beat for $1000; Al
location. Hox M. Call office.
WANTED— Party v.itb f-^O cash lor "interest
in proitablo business: permanent position if
desired; invfftlgate. Box SG8. Call office.
jrr.n—fiAIyOON located -at C'.S Sixth Ft.; clears
from ?!50 it $200; proprietor prolr.K to Ger-
many to settle estate; Scares May 13.
STJPA1I laundry for sale. Inquire S51S Twc-n-
ty-flrst Bt.: no agents
BUSINESS CnAXCES— Continned.
$1200— STEAM laundry: lone established and do-
ing large and very profitable business. HORN,
SOLOMON- & CO., 30 Kearny St. " .."v :
$850— DOWNTOWN saloon: no nigl.- or Sunday
work; daily receipts $10 to $12: rent J42 50.
HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
$lS00— GROCERY, fruit ami produce store do-
ing a business of $45 per day: full value in
sight. HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny.
FAKE businfFs propositions not listed by
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.
$500— "CANDY store ar:d ice cream parlcrs, pay-
in? over $1CO per month profit: fixtures, alcne
cost more than price asked: this Is a genuine
bargain and it will pay to Investigate.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny St.,
STEAM lnundrr. new machinery, lor sale.
$i4C0 or owner will sell half interest to pood
buMnefs man for $S00: v.-ill guarantee $130 to
$300 uer month. HORN. SOLOMON & CO..
SO Kecniy st. '
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying- busi-
ness call on HORN. SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny St.: telephone Main 1604.
BUSINESS proposition: Grocery and saloon
doins fine business in central location: also
fiat of 5 rooms over procerj' store; rent reas-
onable: call and see owner. E. CLEMEN-
SEN, 31P8 Adeline. Lorln. Cal^
AA— J400: GRAND opportunity for lady or gent,
locart«n perfect: ciuars, periodicals, notions.
Wai tine- room, 22d-ave. station. E. Oakland.
FOR eale— A liquor store, 7 rooms in back:
also cellar; in a pood locality; account of
sickness. Address box 3693. Call office:
BUTCHER business In country town averagr-
lng: $65 per day; property will Invoice price.
Address E., 615 Larkin st. .
BEFORE you invest another cent study the
plan of the American Exploration Co.. 1413
Call building. - .
A GOOD paying delicacy and restaurant at 411
Turk Ft. : no agents.
FOR sale—Branch bakery and notion store. 601
Fourth st.: no asrents.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmoro st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
jlodgikg-houses for sale.
aTcameron~&^co7! •
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton 6t.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 82S.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all 5izes and prices.
26 rooms; corner; money maker; reduced.. $1400
18 rooms; cor.; pood furniture and carpets. 910
100 rooms; one-half cash, bal. 8 per cent.. 1500
34 rooms; rent $130; elepantly furnished;
payinjr house; good perm, and trans.... 2630
15 rooms: choice resident part city: ele-
Rantly furnished: upright piano; modern:
14 cash; reduced to 1059
33 rooms; office; clears $100; 2 entrances.. 201-0
8-rocm modern flat; well furnished 43 ">
16 rooms; rent $50: mixed furniture 1000
50 rooms; 2 entrances: prood furniture, car-
pets and location; always full; clears
$150 5500
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN TOWN.
8 rooms: well furnished: good location.. $200
9 rooms; N. Market Bt. : worth double.. 30-)
18 rooms: fine corner; must sell; departure. (>3i>
46 rooms; comer; down town; select: cash 2000
D5 rooms; cheap rent; most desirable 25W
102 rooms; best money maker in city 5300
US r. modern houre; good cor.; make offer.
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boardinp houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN By Call. Bids.
719 Market st. ; money to loan ; tel. Black 1S03.
11 rooms: rent $T0: death -of owner $S00
14 rooms; rent $45; full; paying 700
15 rooms; corner; pay in installments... 850
62 rooms; one-third cash; rent $135 32C0
100 rooms; elevator; offices; Income $1200.. 60OO
27 rooms; velvet carpets; oak and cherry;
a very elegantly furnished house.
23 room?: rent $"50; nay1nsr 10(V)
17 rooms: rent $50; clears S70 mo.; men.. 900
S3 rooms; a very central house 3600
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st.. opp. Mason.
4S rcoms; north of Market: only $1ROO
29 rooms; Van Ness: finely furn.; only... 1200
22 rooms: rent $45; biff snap 450
20 rooms: Market; rent $50; apartment 700
20 rooms: Eddy: part mortgage: make offer.
20 rooms; rent $30; location desirable 900 '
If a bargain we have them at any price.
~~ ATTENTION BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house Jn ¦>
the city, ami pay for It.
In monthly payments
• from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houfes furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. R50 Market.
WIKSTON & WOLF I
1K6 Market st ,
IS rooms $73-'. y> rooms $1<rW
10 rooms 200 62 rooms r.2"W
Cl rooms" 2snn 27 rooms 2X00
IS rooms K01 15 rooms 12M
24 rooms S3 1 ) 18 rooms ICot
IS ROOMS: Mission St.: rent $60- price $725',
12 rooms: Mason St.; rent J4">; price $7,'O.
C"> rooms en Howard ; rent $S0; price $1000.
19 rooms en Grant ave.: rent $75: pricp $1500. j
13 rnome r.n Edfiy f=t. : rent $.iS; prioe $C50.
EUREKA REAL. ESTATE. 2S Sixth St.
LODING-HOUSES, boardlns-houses and hotels j
to E'Jit every buyer: this office is licensed*, I j
¦ am established since 1S92; I loan money to
buyers; pereral satisfaction cuaranteed. Call i
.G. W. SCHWEINIIARD. phone Mint 1911. i
Rooms 1. 2. No. 917 Markst St., opp. Mason. i
35 ROOM'S; rent $80; receipt* about $200....$S50.
10 rooms; rent $50; clears $33 per month.. 650
S3C0 — LodfrIr.e;-hoi:Ee, 14 rooms; very cheno
rent: water free: pays eood profit. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny at.
JOSEPH BAILIE, 7S9 Market St.— A good list
of lodsinr-'iouses.
O'FARRELL, 2CC— 14-room lodging-house for ]
sale chear. • I
SPIRITUALISM.
MRsTlTTrWlilTNEY^ '.
Trance, business medium; life reader: exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough: Ellis-
Bt. car; sit., $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
wcrld-renowned spiritual medium: advice In
all affairs in life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; minlmj a specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. FrI. eve. ; letters answered.
Resid. (no stens). 513 Eddy, bet. Hyde-Larkin.
MRS. LOUISE R. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Macnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkin
Et. : tel. Howard 2711: hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. GILLINGHAM will read sealed ques-
tions, S> p. m.,'10c. 3C5 Larkin St.; elevator. S
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's* test circle to-night,
8; 10c;' messages, tests to all. 1126 Howard.
EARLE. C22 Geary St., telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily; seances Tues., Thurs. & Sun.
FRIENDSHIP HalL £35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Mpyer: wMtlr-gs <1aHv: tpyts to all f>-i'ght: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME.~M. BERNARD^
THE FAMOUS i
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bids.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
2Dc up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 23 and
2G; t«ke elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the gTeat clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of. future hus-
band or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to evety-
body; cure diseases by sympathy. 213V4 Sixth.
MMB. VALF.EN, 1027H Market sj., near 6th,
palmist and life reader, psychic and mag-
netic henler; cures disease and habits;
teaches how to influence people and be suc-
cessful in love and financial affairs.
PROF. MOSS cures you without medicine or
knife: locator disease without questions; aa
a healer, life-reader, palmist, phrenologist,
medium and tenrhcr he has no equal in this
country. Located at IC 1 ,4 Koarny st.
1IME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseappv.-ith life reading; ladies flic,
gents $1; palm, and clair. Mt. $1 30. 1-6 Turk.
KNOW your fate: Mme. Richards, astrological
rJilmist and res«1er of/human destiny, never
falls: readings. r.Oc. XHayes et.. nr. Market.
ISMAR. the Egyptian rypxy. clairvoyant and
pp.imist, permanently located 114S Market, op. j
6th; privata readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. |
MME. LAROKE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
trst medium; 23c up. <7JStevenson St.. cor. Cth.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c;, gents 50c. 132 Sixtli Ft.
Burnett: readings, business,' marriage, trouble,
on* of world's greatest mediums. 13S2 Market.
MRS. MALLORY. clairvoyant, card r?a0er; |
when others fall consult me: 25c. 817 Howard.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. water
muler. 11 6th 1, •German spoken ;tel. Howard 1316.
MME. ZFREDA. the gypsy: palmist: card
reader; 2^ up: leaves JUay 20. 7 Sover.th st.
MME. SCIIAFI'KR. clairvoyant, enrd reader;
sittings daily. 44S 1 .i Jessie St., JieL Sth end Cth.
MMIC. AUGUST, clairvoyant, rard render and
palmistry: truth or -no pay; 25c. lltfl'Mlssion.
MME. RAVENNA read* life fluently: business
edvice; names given: 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BE ATIXG AXD CLEANING.
"WHEN you • become disgusted with, poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lnrr Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
RUDOLPH & CO., Carpet-beating Works : prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Howard 2S31. ¦
SANITARY cleaning and dyeincr company. ' 342-
344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
CITY Stenm Carpet-Besting -Works. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth st. : tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Remv
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleanlnsr Co.. 4C2 Sutter >t.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth St.: telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-P.eatinjj Works. 333 Golden
j Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
CAPE XOME.
PARTIES having, claims on Gold Run or Blue
Stone, Port Clarence District, to let -on lays
cad be accommodated at Cape Nome Ticket
Office. 6o4.Mftrl<et St. Apply at once.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Dunr-an. 41.5 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES..
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. • Room 210. !>27 Market st.
DENTISTS.
A^^ELE^TlRb"-I)EifTTir^fNIcrioTMa^
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
¦without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
¦ $3 60 up; plates, extractions -free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate3, bridges
and ¦ fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students; advice .free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50: fllllng-s,
BOc; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Pclk St.. cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
A NEW thins In gold filling-; no hammering:
as before.; absolutely no pain: call .inves-
tigate; examinations free. Ideal Dental Co..
C Eddy st.. rooms a and 32.
PARIS Dental Parlcrs. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; flllinsrs. 25c. I
| DR. R. L. WALSH, 835% Geary, nr. Larkin— Paln-
j less extraction 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 11 35. i
I DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
! aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 9C9 Mission -St., cor. 6th#
IVAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1CC1 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth' without plate. DR; II. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk Et.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, spnt tr> any addrpss In the
j United States or Canada i ne year for $1.
DRESS31AKERS ATVD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Mllinery School-
Class rates: patterns cut. -1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleatins; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Port, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
educational.
g^lT^aTshIEr^CrIsh'?!^^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeepins; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand ; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
& night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship. $30; individual
instruction: positiona secured: catalogue free.
A— THE -LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
' colleges; referencjs. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Plielnn building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to It by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larktn st.
ENGINEERING-Civil. elec..minlng,mech.,siir-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. : est. 1 SG-J. V.in
I der .Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. Cily Hall.
j A FULL course of Ellis bookkeepinr: and the
j Gregg shorthand costs or.ly J60. Fan Fran-
cisco Business College. 1230 Market rt.
| A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; buslr.es?
j college erafluate?: bookkeeping: figures: short
I time. TARR. cm. acct.. 221 Farrott bldg.
I MERRILL-MILLER Co!1o£p. shorthand an.l
' typing, removed to now quartors. rms. 40-43,
Farrott bids.; i"divld. instruction; catalogue.
EXPERIENCED teacher wishes -pupils; Ens-
j llsh branches: references. 42S Golden Gate.
PROF MERKI. from Paris, vlnlin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. 300S Mission st.
WANTED— A few pupils In ¦ all branches in
oil paintinjr by very competent 'lady teacher;
50c. Box E. Call office.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. fith.
SPANISH lessons p'.ven by a native Spanish
teacher. 513 McAllister rt.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Cs!l. IS Darjes. pent to any address in the
United States or Canada cne year for $1.
pontage paid.
ELKCTKO-TIIEKAPUTIC-
ELECTRO-CHEI.IIC medication cures faulty
nutrition, nerve, blood and constitutional dis-
eases. Drs. Kergan & Herman's Electric San-
itarium, Market and Mason sts.; entrance 8
Mason Et.
E3IPLOV3IE?iT OFFICES.
ITALIAN Labor Supply Co., ' 2t Montgomery
ave., tel. John 1-iSl, will supply labor free of
charge; specialty of railroad help, farm
hands, miners, -ardencrs, fruit pickers, etc.
JAPANESE Employment office and Hou«e-
cleanlng Co.. best help: send men at short
notice. 112:i Sutter, nr. Po'.k; tel. Larkin 23?1.
.JAPANESE an<i Chinese help of all kinds:
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 125.
A. BALDASSI & CO.. 200 Montgomery ave.—
French, American and -Italian help supplied.
ORP1IEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 104S Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese, employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main §188.
CHINESK and Japanese employment office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A STRONG, young, good Swedish woman
wishes to do housecleanlng by the day; $1 CO
day. Please call at 267A Dore St., upstairs,
off Harrison, between Ninth and Tenth.
YOUNG German fflrl, first-class chamber-
worker, waitress and fine sewer, ¦ wi«he& sit-
uation; $25. Address, box 3631, Call.
A YOUNG elrl wishes a at second
work or cooking. Apply 207 Virginia ave.,
between Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth sts.
YOUNG capable woman with a .child wishes
position as housekeeper. 1C7 Turk St.; no
triiiers. '.-, -
SITUATION by competent Scotch woman,
cooking or housework ;. private family. 1231
Market st.
SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day,
washing and ironing; $1 25 a day. Address
113% Perry at. . ,
RELIABLE woman does house cleaning and
washing by the day. 15 Oak Grove ave., off.
Harrison st., bet. 5th and -6th; basement door,
YOUNG woman wishes position- as nurssgirl,
taking care of one or two children; no wash-
Ing. Address 7C« Fourteenth. st.
A RELIABLE woman wants laundry work by
the day. Address M. S., 404 Linden ave.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants work as cham-
bermaid; sleep home. Box 3S29, Call office.
RESPONSIBLE party will take charire or house
during owner's absence. I'.ox 3033, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French cook wishes situation In
American family; city or< country. Box 3847
Call office.
WANTED— By middle-aged woman,, a position
of trust; would aps'st in general housework
Box 36S4. Call office.
LADY wishes situation as mtld for grown
young lady; also to do sewing. Box "849, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation;
housework, washing or mind children., in-
quire, at 77 Natoma st. •
WINCHESTER House7l4 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 2<.O reorr.p: 2'ic to $1 r-0 per night: II 50 to
JG wr-ek; convenient and respectable; free "bus
ami, bas?.ise to nnd-from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advrrtlr.cT.ents .and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofllce, £200 Fillmore. :
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has betn established at 1CUG
Valencia el. . ¦ ; •
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEP— MALE. /
BUSINESS man under 40, single, from , the
East, wants position in any capacity, or go
anywhere; unfortunate investments cause
this ad; who wants me? Box 3645. Call.
MAN would like to obtain a position either as
watchman or -driving delivery wagon. Call
at iS Bruce place, off Folsom, between Sev-
5 enth and Eighth. ..- -
CARRIAGE painter, middle-aged, wants, work
in country shop on percentage. Address J.
G. N., 1231 Mission St., S. F.
WANTED— Job around private place; under-
stands care of horses and cows; handy with
tools. Addregs P. RAE, C64',£ Howard st
SALESMAN— Tonne man wants position as
salesman, solicitor or collector; experienced;
good references. Box 3017, Call office. »
YOUNG Inan wishes position as gardener or do
housework. H. DALQUIST, 407 Twelfth St.,
Oakland. 1 _
SOBER youth of 20, 4 years' experience, wants
position in drug store; good references: will-
Ing to work for board and room till ability
demonstrated. Address F. G. BAKER. Los
. Banos, Cal. '
ELDERLY man. sober and reliable (a Cath-
olic) would take charge of a decent roominpj
house -or small grocery in owner's absence
or may buy; references given; reasonable
wages expected. Box 3018. Call office.
YOUNG man with four years' experience as
shipping clerk seeks position at -any kind of
clerical work: best of references. Box 8653,
" Call office^ -
SITUATION wanted as watchman or overseer
by middle-aged man; expert shot; sixteen
years' military training; first-class references.
Address box 3697. Call office. .
A YOUNG man wishes position in grocery,
. commission house or fruit stand: not afraid
of work. Address box.3C31. Call office. ¦
AN . experienced engineer in erection and opera-
' tion of large pumping plants desires engage-
ment after May 15. Address box -3S64.. Call.
YOUNG man (German "* would like position as
bartender; city or country: best ¦ of refer-
ences. Address box 3C95, Call office. ¦
WANTED— A chance to co to Alaska to work
in the mines with fare prepaid. Adfires3
FRANK CROFAUGH. Mountain View. Cal.
YOUNG man wants position as butler in city
or country. Box 8G99. Call office.
A YOUNG man would like to have a position as
porter in a country hotel. Box 3699, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position of any kind in a
wholesale or retail house. Box 3666. Call office.
WANTED— By Japanese young boy a position
as office boy or in a store. IMAI. 725 Geary.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and'
subscriptions has been established at 109S
I Valencia st.
FLATS TO LET.
$2T50^8~RoSM~upper flat.
No. 715 Castro st., near Twentieth.
¦ $27 50 to $30— New upper fiat, six rooms, cor.
18th and Hartford sts., near Castro.
FLAT. 7 rooms, STORE; living rooms; modern.
3S0S Seventeenth St., cor Sanchez.
UPPER sunny fiat, 3 rooms, kitchen, bath.
Inquire 1S45 Geary st. £ "
SEVEN sunny rooms; bath. 9G1 Golden Gate
ave.. opposite Jefferson square: $32 50.
6-ROOM flat fur. or unfurnished, with beth,
garden; no email children. 1131 McAllister.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address in the
TTnltPii States or Cinann one year for $1.
FLATS TO LET Fornlshcil.
TO Let— Modern furnished flat. 6 rooms and
bath, p'ano, etc., to September 1; cheap.
1510 Grove st., 2 to 4 d. m.
NEWLY furnished flat of 6 rooms: piano;
bath: $S0 a month: adults. 1607 Webstor st.
FLATS WWTICU. v
NICELY furnished upper flat of 5 rooms, with
piano. 721% Grove; call bet. 10 and 5 o'clock.
, FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 P.OOMS furnished in $4S 50. with No. 7 |
range. . Kins Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market. !
ASSORTMENTS of furniture.- carpets ami !
stows: srlve us a trial. 1114 Mission st.
FURNITURE AyAXTED.
TO receive highest value, for furniture, carpets,
; etc;; see W.E.Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see !
Golden Gatv Auction Co., S2S Howard st. ]
ART g-oods and fine furniture bought. Indiana
Auction -Co.. .117 Sutter St.; tel. James 141.
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Kearny, buys &
fe!!3 your bus. .merchandise, fur., carpets., etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc.. seeJ.A.
MuV.ro £z Co.. 240 Stockton st.; tel. James 1341. j
A. WOLLPEUT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest j
-price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 13.14. i
Auctioneer— L. Vincent,1305 Larkin; tel. Polk C94; j
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
• pianos, etc. 113"> Market st. : tel. Jessie 761.
HELP WAXTDD FKMALE.
AT^r^irAN^EN^Ca/s:7?JPhone Grant 18.") j
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, summer resort. $40
Waitresses, resorts, commercial and city ;
. hotels $20
2 chambermaids to v.-ait, country $20 |
2 chambermaids, city $15-?20
2 fancy irencrr. city and country $10 wk.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Working housekeeper $25
Cooks, housefrirls, 2d Kirls, nursegirls..$13-i30
C. R. HANSEN & CO .104 Geary st.
WANTED— waitress for hotel, $25, Calaveras
County, fare paid; 2 waitresses for May 21,
Canta Cruz Mountains, S20; 2 waitresses,
city restaurant. $30: 3 waitresses for city,
family hotel, $20; S waitresses for restau-
rants, $7, $S and $D a week and extra pay
during President's visit; 8 second girls for '
city, also country, $20 and $25; 4 nurses, some
sewing, $20 and $25; second girl, assist with
2 fairly Brown . children, $25; .71 girls
fcr housework, in city, $20 and $25. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Neat Protestant girl for house-
¦\vork for a family of 2 persons, to go to
| Calaveras County, wages $25: nur?e. some
sewing-, care of child 3 years old, "$20, Napa
County. J. F. CROSETT & CO... 316 Sutt^r.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1375
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
13 waitresses, first-class city and country ho-
tels $20 and $25; 2 restaurant waitresses, $8
week; 4 chambermaids to wait, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids, ¥18.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Second girl, small' American family,- country,
$20 to $25, Gee lady here; cooks, housegirls,
city and country, $30. $25, $20; nurse, one"
baby, $20. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 333 Geary.
FIRST-CLASS cook and housegirl for two in
family on ranch, $20; no washing; fare paid;
see lady here, 10:30. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
3115 Geary st. '¦
NEAT young lady living at home as saleslady
in retail store; $7 week. MRS. M. E. DAY &
CO., 335 Geary st. -
WANTED— Twenty-five young girls residing at
homo to learn overall making; paid while
learning. Standard Shirt Factory, Goush
and Grove sts., city.
WANTED— An experienced cashier; good ref-
erences required. Apply 43 Ellis st. I. MAG-
t NIN & CO. - •- ¦ •
WANTED— An elderly capable woman to care
for an invalid lady and small house. Reply
by letter with reference. 709 Union st.
FORELADT for ladles' underskirts; good per-
manent position. D'AOER BROS & CO., 21
Sansome st. __^ ¦ ¦
GOOD woman to run small lodging house and
take outside boarders; fine chance; must
have $325. LUNDIN & CO., 906 Market St.
AA— IRONERS ' wanted on ladles' underwear.
723 Market Bt.. room 35. ;
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom pants; steady
work.' -¦;' 411'A Kearny st.
GIRL in kitchen, $3 per week; sleep home.
122 Fifth st. I •
FIRST-CLASS walct hand: steady work.
' Dressmaking Department, Emporium. .
AMATEUR pinsera wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 p. m. this evening. - '
GIRL wanted to learn bookbinding. R. I.
WHELAN Cc CO., 42-4 i Steuart St.
APPRENTICES and errand girls at 632 McAl-
lister st.. In millinery store. .
WANTED— Tailoress on custom coats; also ex-
perienced apprentices. 272 Stevenson st.
WANTED— Neat, honest girl; assist in bakery.
2S03 Twenty-fourth st. . -
WANTED— Girl to tend children. Apply bet.
¦ 11 and 1 o'clock. 151J Vallejo. near Van Ness.
FINISHER en custom coats; steady work;
Bocd pay. 410 Kearny st.. room 34.
LUNCH waitress; call early: no Sunday work.
Ell Branr.an 5t.. near Fourth. ¦.-•.-»¦"
GIRL- penerol housework; small'family; wages
$20. 'lalO Plna st. ..-¦•"
YOUNG girl for housework; sleep home. 1053
• Market- St.; upstairs. • . :
EXPERIENCED dressmakers wanted at room
.:: 63 Murphy" building. ?
EXPERIENCED finisher on ccats; high wages.
251 E ie h th e t. , Oakland. ; '
WOMAN to assist with housework; small fam-
ily; good home; $15; references. 614 Eddy gt. J
HELP W AXTED— FEM ALE Con -_
SHIP.TCUTTER or dresscutter; good steady
employment. GANTNER & MATTERN. Gol-
. den Gate Mills, 1017 Hyde st.. nr. California.
i 10 GENERAL houeegirls. $25; nurses, second
I Kirls and waitress- girls for country. CAT-
TELL'S, 525 Eighth st., Oakland.
WANTED— In San Kafael, a neat, obliging girl
about 28 years- of ag&.for second work and
attend grown children; must have good refer-
ence; wages $25 per month. Address P. O.
box 19C. San Kafael. ¦ ¦
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
Fewlng machines -on white and -jrolf shirts at
GREBNEBATJM, WEIL & MICHJJLS. 531
Mission gt. - ¦ ¦ . f *_
DIGNIFIED business woman to travel for
wholesale house; no canvaFslng; salary and
expenses. Box S020, Call office.
WANTED— A German cirl for light second
. work, plain Ironing and to help with chil-
dren; wages J20. Apply 1S17 California st.
. WANTED— Experienced salesladies; state age.
experience and Salary expected. 'Apply box
3C62, Call office. .
(DPERATOEK wanted at Levi Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 32^ Fremont Et. Apply to
/MR. DAVIS. ¦ ¦
WANTED— Experienced operators and finish-
ers on shirts and ladies' waists. EAGLESON
CO.. 525 Market st. . ;
MIDDLE-AGED lady to assist in light house-
work. C? Rausch st. ¦
WANTED— Alteration hands on cloaks and
suits at E. MESSAGER'S, 145 Post St.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' hair: dressers who un-
derstand ventilating preferred. 40 Geary 8t.
APPRENTICES for dressmaking; paid while
learning. 121 Post St., room 49. ¦
2 WAITRESSES wanted; $8 per week. S East
street. . •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A^^r^r^LA^s^N~^^o".'irrrrrr^ioT^eajy^t!'
Wanted — GOO Men for Railroad Work.,
Laborers, Teamsters, Headers Men, Corner
- ..Men, Drillers and Muckers
Wages From $175 to $2 50 a day
Free Fare........ Ship Daily.... Free Fare
j Coal miners for New . Mexico, srood wages:
• engineer and electrician to take charge of and
keep in repair an alternating plant,- com-
see bosa here; 6 milkers, $30; 4 farmers, J25 and
soe boss here; 6 milkers, $30; 4 farmers. $25 and
$26; 3 blacksmiths, country shops, 52 50 and
$3; 3 teamsters, near city, $1 a day and board
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT '
2 head cooks, $90 and $100; 10 second cooks,
¦ fryers and broilers, $50 to $75; 2 second cooks,
country hotels, ?45 and $40; second cook, small
summer resort, ?35; third cook, springs, $30:
oysterman. $45; cake baker, north, $G0; 3 bread
and cake bakers, country, $50; second hand,
country shop, $35; porter and waiter, country,
$40; 3 waiters, country hotels, $30; 2 night
scrubbers, hotels, city. $20 and $25; dishwash-
ers and kitchen hands, $25 and $30; 2 colored
waiters, country, $35
C. R. HANSEN & CO...... 104 Geary at.
6 CARPENTERS, $3 50 day; 6 miners, $2 day
and board; '5 carmen for mine, $2 day; 3
blacksmiths, $3 day; ranch blacksmith for
ranch, $40 and found; woodworker for ranch.
$40 and/ board; 2 house painters; carriage
painter, $2 50 day; slack work cooper, *2 50
day; crosscut sawyer, $3 week; boys for
' planing. mills, $4 to $10 week; boys for stcres !
and factories, $4 to $5: machinist, $2 50 day. i
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st. .
WANTED— First-class baker for country. $65
and fare paid; also 1st, 2d and 3d bakers for
city at best wages; we also want a crew of
bakers for city restaurant, best of wages* J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
AT Cal. Emp. Agency. 59 Third : phone John 3131
RAILROAD LABORERS; SHIP TO-DAY
20 men for railroad work, $1 75 to $2 per day.
.free fare free fare free, fare
10 mill and woodsmen; free fare.
10 lumber pliers, $35 to $45 and board.
6 men to cut wood; wood pine: 4 ft; $1 25 cord
6 men to make posts; $3 per hundred.
6 men to maka pickets; $5 per thousand.
6 men to make redwood ties; lie.
Experienced edg-erman, country. $3 50 a day.
10 men for rock crusher: 52 a day.
5 men for quarry: $2 a day.
10 pick and shovel men; $2 a day.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. So Montgomery, rm. 12.
Bellboy, $20; 2 colored waiters, $30.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. S27 Market St.. room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
SALESMEN — For high-grade book proposition;
no house work; sold to the best pepole only;
must be of good education, address and ap-
pearance; references required as to' trust-
worthiness and . ability. Address i box 3S23,
Call office. •
ACTIVE man by large manufacturing house to
wi>rk at home; JS6 in cash paid for twelve
days' trial; promotion and permanent position
if satisfactory. Address S. P. -Co., 720 Ran-
stead St., Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED — Young man as outside draper and
[ salesman in drapery department; state age.
. experience and salary expected. Box 3627,
' Call office.
W ANTED — Young man for office work; one
who has liaci some experience on Invoices pre-
ferred. Apply, stating age, experience and
salary expected to box 3C01, Call ofllce.
WANTED — All-round man for second-hand fur-
niture store for renairing, flnfshinsr and help
on the team. etc. : $2 per day. 773 Mission st.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R., room 40, Phe'.an bldg., 805 Market.
"EXPERIENCED bill clerk, about 21 years of
age; fluent writing and gTammar school edu-
cation required. " Box 36"S,~ Call ofllce.
AN offics man; simple bookkeeping; .general
usefulness; in country: small salary; good
home. Address M. S.. box 3016. Call office.
TWO young men, neat appearance, as hyp-
notic subjects. - Call 618 Golden Gate ave.;
G. W. BURKE.
WANTED— Machine and hand lasters. Fifth
and Delaware St., West Berkeley. D. R.
WENTWORTH. ' -'
TRUSTWORTHY man partner with respectable
young lady; well paying restaurant; clears
. $i:0 per month; $223 required. 12 Washington.
ELDERLY gentleman to attend plumbing shop:
small wages; steady work; references. 473
Valencia st. ,
WANTED— A union barber: steady job; wages.
209 Larkin st. ¦ -
GOOD barber wanted: steady Job; good wages;
union man only. 1043 McAllister ft. ?*¦>
BUSHELMAN wanttd immediately. Golden
Eagle Clothing Store. 104 Kearny st.
BUSHELMAN wanted at PAUSEN & CO.'S.
200 ICearny st.
WANTED— Boy In office, 16 years; must be
graduate of -grammar school. Box 3646, Call.
BOY between 15 and 16 years of age. Inquire
SOS Valencia St., flowsr store.
"WANTED — Boy for office. Address In own
handwriting box 3625, Call office.
ERRAND boy wanted in tailor shoo. 272 Ste-
venson st., between Third and Fourth.
BOY 15 to 18 years old to attend soda water
fountain. Inquire at S10 Market Bt.. '
A STEADY man with -tiBO cash can make $S0 a
month. Apply at 20D Kearny St., room 1.
WANTED— First-class tailor : on ccats; good
wages. 135% Natoma st.
WANTED— An elderly man with references as
night watchman. Hotel Repelier, 7S1 Sutter.
ALL sizes men's shoe3. slightly damaged, half
. price. E62 Mission nt., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PATTERN maker wanted. Apply 418 Mls-
slon St., 11 a. m. to 1 p. m.
WAITER wanted. SCO Howard st.
ELEVATOR boy. 2$ Stockton st.
DISHWASHER. 1337 Valencia st.
WANTED— Jobbing blacksmith. Call at 4023
Mlpsion st., near Five-Mile House.
TEMPERATE young man of good habits to
travel with me in genteel business that pays
big. ' Box 3635. Call office. •
BARBERS— Good 2-chair shop at a bargain;
must be sold this week. DECKELMAN
.- BROS.. 106 Ellla St.
BOY wanted at BUSBY'S glove factory, 207
Sacramento st.
CASHIER for a solid business; pays $250. ma:
must have $1000. LUNDIN & PP.. 90S Market.
A FEW good salesmen for specialty: this week
only; good profits. 508 California St., room 31.
MEN to learn barber trade; cataiojoie mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon pcrtcr; $40. . 352 East st.
EOT to learn trade. Central Iron. Works. 151-
153 Beale st. f ¦ *
OLD-ESTABLISHED barber shop to let: ai-
readv^ equipped. Twenty- fifth and Valencia."
W ANTED— Young man for grocery store. 5304
San Pablo ave., -Golden Gate. Cal.
PAINTER; non-un'.on; no office fees. Mschan-
lcs'- Registration ISurcau, 410 Kearny, st.
LUNCH waiter; call early. Powell and Beach
¦ streets. ¦ ,- -. . ;¦ , ¦ ._ . - .
•BARBERS— 3-chair outfit for sale. cheap". Call .
: 435 J«?s3ie £t.
work, no OK.MI "1""^:.^"^-tjSe
Concentrator man, gold* mine, see s3 a h da^
' sYabienYan VoV wineryV country'," '^ and found
. Stableman, fare 25 cents I^'JiX
CarpVnierV SS^^^^^nd
Blacksmith, foundry • • • • • * 3 °° «5
2 camp blacksmiths, no shoe J ns "-";v;"«Vdav
Blacksmith, agricultural works, counW.» day
« blacksmnh.
• i-bVacksmlth helpers.*/..'^. *40 and JKand fd
Woodworker. ™* 0 ™£%gir.SvS - ¦ "¦"¦
WE 'PAY FARE" and SHIP TO-DAY-Labor-
ers, sawmills and woods. •^"i;"^!
25 crosscut sawyers, tree fellers. ** r £ n £ e !^
23'drllieri; "city and country.. S60 and $42 and fd
23 laborers, city work W2 J'i ld f 5 An
27 haymakers, run mowers. etc....$26 and 130
23 butter-makers and milkers. . 137 oj K &¦ »0
10 choremen and boys..f ;C£ J20 and $la
2 hostlers, country stable.. $3j and found
BAKERS— COOKS— WAITERS .;•
Cake baker, country shop ..i-^ ~j»"sg|
40 bakers, different shops $o0, $40 and $35
60 cooks, city and country............ — ••
«50, $40, J12 and $15 week
E0 waiters, city and country — $25. $3j and $35
Butcher, country shop $3S and found
1S57 other positions we have to offer..........
Ccme down and read our dally bulletin boards
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st,
A— FOREMAN for a gentleman's place near
• city; must understand farming, gardening 1 ,
stock, etc.; see boss here.
MURRAY & READY, 634-6S8 Clay st.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. Navy; able-bodied Unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less tKan 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch able to read and speak Ensllsh. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St.. Sail Francisco.
•MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade in two months, saving two years;
mailed 1 free. "We have no 5c shoo In connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture are
all made to our own order, with a view to
cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, <€35 Clay st
Beware of any cheap imitations. \*v ¦_
IF you are out of a Job send 5 cents In stamps
for sample of "The Bachelor's Friend" and see
how quick you can make money. J. HAN-
SEN. 2007 Ellis st.. Berkeley.
WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class carriage sear and body malcer;
steady employment to right party and first-
class wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO., Sacramento, Cal. '
WANTED— At Restaurant Keepers' Associa-
tion. 127 Mason st.. restaurant help of all
kinds: male and female: register at once;
permanent positions; good pay.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver Houne, 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms: 23c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GOOD bedmaker and porter, with references;
wages $25 per month and found. Address
Depot Hotel, Wadsworth, Nev. -
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys..
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 316.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
tp 50c. £02 Mission ..«:.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
.WANTED— Basters on custom coats. Apply at
factory of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply at factory of
S. N. "WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary St.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 13c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
COATMAKER and pantsmaker for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St.-
WANTED— Two good city salesmen. WHITE
SEWING MACHINE CO., 300 Post st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2rd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McCONALD & PERRY have 50© pairs second-
hand shoes for sale, 50c up. 241 Third st.
AT cash price? for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NKUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
WINCHKPTKR House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 23c night; readlnK-rooms; free
f bu3 and baggage to and from terry.
A* BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia nt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
IIORSES^AXD AVAGOXS.
40 HORSES for sale; also- wagons, buggies,
.. carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A HIGH-GRADE rubber tire road wagon and
harness; handsome 6-year-cJd mare; complete-
outfit in perfect condition; price $300. Box
3043. Call office.. . '
S. F VETERINARY College will commence lti
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast, sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
GOOD end sprint: piano box buggy. $23; also
cheap horse. 233 Fulton st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st. '
GROCERY wagon and top; nearly new; cheap.
1414 Pine St.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses.- heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET. ~
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A— CLEAN sunny 3 rooms; pretty front gar-
den; $8. 3672 Sixteenth St.. near Market.
$10— HOUSE, 3 rooms; yard; water free. 223
Eighth st. y
LOST AXD FOCXD.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlb-Jrni.-i Saving*
( ami Loan Society of San Franciairo. in the
name of MICHAEL J. FITZGERALD: No.
96-CS2. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Small gold lady's watch: key winder
Return to 120S Polk St.; reward.
LOST — Alcazar Theater, Friday, uncut sap-
phire riner. set with two diamonds. Return
1316 Taylor: reward $20.
LOST— Pocket-book containing papers and bill-
head. Return to Sll Larkin St.; no questions.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of HELEN JAY DU BOIS; No. 199-281.
The finder will please return to bank. « '
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jewelr. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason!
BIATRIMOXJAIU
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
ALL contemplating matrimony cend 10 cents
for "The Wedding Bell." 18 Mason st.
MATTRESSES and plllowsj teK-~Soutli 792;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleaned; expert carpet cleaning: strictly rell-
, able. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL. ~~^
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only:
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the ' most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods cuar-
anteed. Pit. G. W. O'DONNELL. 101S Markt.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give
instant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and mo?t obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOIIL. 1122
Market St.. next to Owl Drug Store.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 322S Market, ladies' !
specialists; 32 years' practice; nil .cases treated
1 by cur ¦ wonderful herb remedy; a rellabl*
treatment, superior to any other: positive cur«
guaranteed at office: patlent3 treated can re- •
turn same day: harmless: consultation free.
IMPORTANT notice to ladles— Price reduced
from $10 tr» $2 50; more to do and less charges; i
..no medicine or pills used; S7 years' experi- ! ,
fcnee: In all cases satisfaction guaranteed"
cure in one day. DR. POPPER, medical spe-
cialist, Vi SIa3on st., near Market. ¦
DK. an»l MRS. GOODWIN. 10S.1 Market *t.. r.r.
Cth— Expert frpecialists;- well known nnJ reli-
able; 23 yrs. experience: treatment guaranteed
to give ln.«tant relief from all female troub!»s*
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. r)R WYT5TH. reliable specialist: 28 yrs.*
FXiccessful Fr.icttce; guarantee! treatment nt •
office;. nny ailment;, home before and during •
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. ¦¦ DR. -".ALLEN. U1S Market— Reliable ia-
dels' specialist: best medical care; low fees. '
A WEEK'S news for 5 '•entu— The Weekly Call, j
-:16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
-MIXES AXD MIXIXG.
MONTEZUMA COPPER.
Montezuma. -Copper.
Montezuma Copper.
Montezuma Coal.
Montezuxna Coal.
Montezuma Coal.
MontezUrna Coke.
¦ Montezuma Coke. ¦
Montezuma Coke.
Each succeeding day adds to the convlctlom
of shareholders that the Montezuma Mining
Company of Washington has the brightest
_ outlook of any newly organized mining com-
pany in the West, or for that matter in th*
United States to-day. Our stockholders ar»
a satisfied lot, and. to the best of our knowl-
edge, not one of them would part with hi>
holdings. This, in view of the widespread
discontent amongr the holders of oil stock. Ia
a significant fact.
The Montezuma Company rigidly adhere,
as they always will, to the co-cperative idea.
This they could well afford to do from pur«
selfishness It for no other reason. Now that
the properties ar« bein? brought- to a tahr
stage of development and aince the larg*
coal leases have been secured capital Is net
lacking— to secure a controlling Interest. But
these valuable properties will arways remain
under tha control of the numerous holder*
of Montenma shares. The paopls wn» ar*
helping to build cp the business may depend
absolutely upon sharing in th* profits.
, There is every reason to believe, that th*
Montezuma Mining Company will be to Wash-
ington what the Mountain Copper Company
of Shasta County Is to California— th* leader
in the copper Industry and the biggest divi-
' dend payer in the State. The Mountain Cop-
per Company -was exploited In Sngland and
hundreds of English people profit from its
products, over ll.OCO.OCO having bees paid ia
dividends tor 1900 and $500,000 added to th*
reserve fund. It is the fixed intention of th*
Montezuma Company that the people of our
own country be given the exclusive privlleg*
of contributing to its development fund and
thereby share exclusively in the profits. Ths
Montezuma has many natural advantages
that the Mountain Copper Company does not
possess. First, its proximity to ths seaboard,
being only forty miles from th* port of Ta.
coma on I'ugct Sound; second, a self-fusins
ore carrying high percentages of copper:
third, abundance of timber and water on lti
own properties; fourth, the production of Its
own ccal and coke from its 2000 acres of
leased lands; fifth, the consumption of this
coke in Its own smelter in the reduction of
its ores. "Money saved Is money earned."
and the Montezuma Company will be abl*
to keep operating expanses very low.
"We quote from the prospectus: "Resolved.
That it is the fixed policy of this company
to distribute as dividends to stockholders all
net profits earned by the company. We are
opposed to the policy of reinvesting such
earnings without the consent of the stock-
holders, believing ' that whatever benefits
them conduces to the interests of the com-
pany." This means that while dividends
will be paid this fall from the coal and coke,
no portion of the surplus earnings therefrom
can be used to continue development on tha
copper properties or for the building of a
smelter. Stock must be sold to accomplish
both these objects. The -company's pay roll
Is now approximately *$3C00 a month, and will
be- very largely Increased during the sum-
mer. The company cannot, therefore, tak» -
the risk of having their revenue curtailed by
advancing the stock at once to Its true values.
It is for this reason that only a nominal
advance is made from month to month. Th*
advance after the payment of th* promised
dividend — "but that's another story."
The prices now, and until May 15, owing to
a concession made to us by th* Montesuta*
Company in honor 3f "Presidential week,"
when many of our country clients plan to
-visit us and Increase their holdings, ar* 19*
cash or 12c on easy installments. The pur*
chaaer of 3CC0 shares will be entitled to a
trip to the mines and return at oar expense.
Our special train leaves *San Francisco Jun*
15, touching at principal Sound points. Far*.
Including sleeper. $40 for the round trip. Oar
excursion folder will give % full information.
We will supply Montezuma prospectus, map*
and other printed matter on request.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST
COMPANY. Financial Agents, 310 Saf*
Deposit Building. Corner California and
Montgomery sts.. • San Francisco. Cal.
Telephone MaJn 5SC3.
MIXIXG AXD ASSAYIXG. -.
GOLD mine for sale: 10 stamps: paying: pries
$4500: half down, terms for balance. Address
box 273. Grass Valley. Cal.
MISCELLAXEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. Sd-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
on« floor, ready made; we can ship every thlntr
- in !4 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1013
Mission st.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery en-
glnes. boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
A HEAVY solid gold ring with beautiful ame-
thyst in center for $3. UNCLE HARRIS 13
Grant avc.
A LARGE fire and burglar proof safe for $330-
cost originally -?1000. UNCLE HARRIS^U
WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 20 H P •
SlJL e ?. c o h ?? Be for *as engines. LIVINGS^
TON, suS Mission st.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds bought.
sTlVs^t 8 "* e * Changed ' H. S. WHITE.
A— «3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatterg. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10: dras oants $*» 73 MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, M27 Montgom^T st.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
L SpS^ M^nt^ry^ " *
HEADQUARTERS for Hunks, bags and dr-ss
suit cases. A. IS. SMITH CO.. 12S Ellis st.
W t E Pa £,« bIff P r ><*« fcr sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. It Stockton st.
M o,°. IC l n?-?7 > !'T,1! w and 2cl haml movins plc-
tures. BLLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
> A CLE^??A»ntI S i- q o are plano for *- J - UX -
*-i^.t. MAKfliS. 13 Grant ave.
F 1 R m T " C £' ASS «**>nd-hand modern ensrln-s and v.
boilers bought aad sold. KROGH MFO Co. |ARRIVED.
Tuesday, May 7.
Stmr Roanoke. Weaver. 12 days from Pa
nama. V
Nor stmr Titania, Esenes. 90 hours from
Nanaico. .
SAlLETt.
Tuesday, May T.
Stmr Newsboy, Ohlstrom. .
DOMESTIC PORT.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived May X— Schr *?"""»¦
Utter, from Coos Bay.
ULTE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
representing the Goddess of Liberty (Miss
Gladys Allaire) , surrounded by thirty
school children, who sang national airs.
After the programme there was dancing
and refreshments.
Elmhurst Assembly of. the United Arti
sans had a ' Mayday ' festival and chil
dren's carnival in Red Men's "Wiewam in
Elmhurst last week was a good attend
ance, an interesting programme of vocal
and instrumental music, a prand march
by the children, crowning of Miss Geo"rgie>
Courant as the May queen, a Maypole
dance by twelve little girls and a tableau
United Artisans.
California Camp, the local baby, shows
that it 13 thriving on the material it is
furnished. At every meeting since its or
ganization, five weeks ago, it has received
from eight to fourteen petitions. Last
week the new . camp was visited by
Western Addition Camp and the Oriental
degree was conferred on a number of can
didates. After that there was a collation,
presided over by that prince of jolly good
fellows. Neighbor Laurence Vincent. A
fine emblematic badge has been offered
by Neighbor Cardona to the member who
by the last day of this month shall in
troduce the greatest number of strangers
into the camp. Sociability as well as fra
ternity is a feature of the camo. •
"Woodmen of the "World.
At a meeting of Golden Gate Camp last
week the announcement was made
that since the 11th of last March 313
applications had been received. Thosa
who were awarded prizes for havins
brought in the greatest number of mem
bers were E. A. Sprague, who had a rec
ord 0M8: C. D. Shattuck, 12; N. G. Ray
mond.. 6; and E. F. Lempe, 5. Arrange
ments are belnsr made for a monster ini
tiation in the near future.
. 50 Sterling 1 73
100 Thirty-three 9 87
200 Twenty-eight 1 23
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning N Session.
1000 California & Utah Oil Co 26
500 Four Oil Co :7 4$
1000 Lion Oil Co ...* 15
700 Monarch of Arizona 47
1C00 Petroleum : Center .: 11
1000 Petroleum. Center, b 30 11
.200 Sterling Oil Co .- 190
'200 West Shore ......: 270
• Afternoon Session. - ,
Board — - . - -
3 Hanford Oil Co ". 97 00
1000 Lion Oil Co 15
500 Monarch of Arizona 4fi
J00O Petroleum Center 11 •
100 Twenty-Eight..... 1 25
f MINING STOCKS.
The following were the ¦ sales In the San
Francisco Stock and . Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning i Session.
200 Best & Belcher 28! 100 Ophlr f ...:...... M
1100 Con Cal & V...2 S3 400 Sierra Nev .... 21
300 Crown Point... 15 r 200 Union 23
250 Ophlr 1 ........... 93[ '
""-Afternoon Session. -
50 Caledonia 64 200 Ophlr 92
. 700 Con Cal &.V..2 35 100 Overman 13
500 Crown Point....' 15 400 Sierra Nev .... 19
100 Hale &*Norcrs"20 200 Sierra Nev'...; IS
100 Hale & Norcrs 21 600 Union Con .... 22
100 Hale & Norcrs 22 300 Yellow Jacket. 13
400 Mexican .. . 23 300 Yellow Jacket. IS
¦ Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:..,
Mornln? Session. • ; ¦
Alpha Con '.'- bm 2000 Gould & Curry. 13
,600 Alpha Con .. 02 1400 Mexican 23
400 Best & Belcher-2S 500 Ophir 93
500 Con Cal & Va..2 30 300 Overman 11
250 Con Cal & Va..2 35 500 Potosl - Co
350 Con Cal. &V.2 32^2 300 Potosl 04
300 Crown Point.... 15 1 200 Yellow Jacket.. 18
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 09 200 Ophlr ...?....... 90
700 Best & Belcher. 28 700 Sierra Nevada.. 18
300 Con Cal & V.^ 32V4 . 60 Union Con 21
.300 Mexican .; 22 500 Union Con...... 22
200 Ophlr ............ SI 100 Yellow Jacket.. 18
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY— May. 7—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha . 02 05 Justice 06 07
Alta 02 0» Kentuck 01 02
•Andes ..." 07 03 Lady Wash.... 01 02
:Belcher ..'....:. 11 13 Mexican ....... 19 20
Best &, Belcher 27 ¦ 2S Occidental •'....-. 03 04
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr- 88 90
Caledonia ..... 61' 62 Overman n 12
Challenge Con. 10 12 Potosl 04 03
Chollar 05 . 05 Savage:^....'.. 12 14
Confidence ;..'.. 60 65 Scorpion .....'.. — 04
Con Cal & V..2 SO 2 33 \Beg Belcher ... 02 03
Con Imperial .., — .01 [Sierra Nev .... 17 18
Con ' New : York •" — 01 1 Silver Hill . . ; . 35 37
Crown Point .. 13 : 16 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con ...•06 — Standard ..:... .4 00 4 13
Exchequer..... —- 02 Syndicate ; 05 —
Gould & Curry. 14 16 Union Con .... 21 22
Hale & Norcrs. 19 20 Utah '. 01 02
; Julia. — OI/iTellow Jacket.. IS 19
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Coatiuued Trom Page Ten.
San Francisco Lodge received ten appli
cations on the 23d cf April, nine on the 3d
of May, and on that night initiated six
teen strangers. The ways and means com
mittee Is arranging a minstrel and vaude
ville show, to take place in the latter part
of this month. The proceeds will be placed
to the credit of the new lodgerooms fund.
During June this committee will introduce
a number of novelties in the matter of
entertainment. Elks Jack Fitzgerald and
Frank Thompson have purchased the
yacht Mabel and will spend their summer
vacation cruising around . the bay. Elk
Wheelock may accompany them.
Grand Exalted Ruler Fisher paid an of
ficial visit last Thursday night to Oakland
Lodge. He was accompanied by Exalted
Ruler Dunne and twenty-five members ot
San Francisco Lodge No. 3. After the*
meeting a collation was served, after
which there was an evening of music,
song and pleasant conversation.
Grand Exalted Ruler Fisher, who re
turned from Honolulu, where he Instituted
a new lodge with ninety members, speaks
well of the prospects of the island
baby. Last week he visited San Jose
Lodge in company of Exalted Ruler
Dunne of No. 3. During the day the vis
itors were in charge of the San Jose Elks,
who showed them all the sights and made
them their guests at a first class lunch.
In the eveninsr there was a visit to the
lodgeroom, where business was rushed,
after which there was a banquet at one
of .the leading hotels. There good feelinsT
and 'good fellowship prevailed.
The Order of Elk3.
LOS ANGELES. May 7.— R. A. Bird.
who has been ton-fined in the county Jail
since September, 1S97, and who has been
tried four times on the charge of forgery,
was released to-day on motion of the
District Attorney.
Bird Gains Freedom.
NEW WESTERN HOTED.
P Mahoney, Chicago
C L Hamilton. Nebr ¦
J P Naylon, Kan City
A L Pldgeon & fam,
. Newcastle, Ind
A D Hale. Denver
C S Adams, Denver
C P Shockley. U S N
SM Oveatt.. La
T Hless & w. La
W C Brown & w, Stktn
A Meruheu, Stockton
A L Cackwood, Nebr
R R Hamilton, i Nebr
B F Weak. N Zealand
H Partingrtdn, Chicago
C L Green. Tunis
R Rollen & w, N Y
Miss Harriman, Denvr
M W Shelhous. Ohio
W Ike. Cincinnati
S D Rosenbaum, Stktn
\V Whltehouse & w,
England
G A Ballard. N Y
A ¦ Manheimer. N Y
A Bettens, Byron Hot
¦ Springs , .
T.T Willlams.S Rafael
Mrs S G Gates, Pasdna
Mrs A C Lewis, Wash
L Frank, N Y
Mrs H H Sturtefant,
Zanesville
Miss L Richardson,
Boston
S C Reynolds & W.Ohio
Miss A Reynolds, Ohio
Mrs M Nearlinsv Ohio
E R Graham, Bkrsfleld
W H Brinker. Seattle
J P Hoyt, Seattle
C S Shank, Seattle
J Morton & w, N Y
G T Irvlngr, Toronto
R H Kenyon. Utah
W McLean, Melbourne
J W Austin, Los Ang
V de Beck, Holland
Baron R Lehman, Hol
land
Mrs R Mohler, Prtlnd
Miss M Mohler, Prtlnd
Miss R Mohler, Prtlnd
Mr von Meteren, Hol
land
P Buehner. . Portland
J R Garrick & w. Tex
T L Munn. Cleveland
E H Fltzhugh & w,
St Louis •
Mrs B Lehman. N Y
J H Ulman.Wllwaukee
D Melone, Oak Knoll
E O Miller. Vlsalia
Miss J Robb, N T.
D W Smith, N T.
R J Davlson. N T •
V Conn, Oregon
M S Chappelle & w,
New York
H Doyle, N T
GRAND HOTEL.
T B Gibson. Woodland
I W Ralph. Alvarado
W Cerr, Chicago
Mrs M B Anderson.Cal
Miss E Brown, Chgo
T Stillman. St Louis
J A Shoemaker. Oak
J T Harmes, Sausallto
R C Allen & w, San D
Mrs J H Bagnell, Seat
A K Lazier, Ontario
O Scrlbner, Bakersnd
J B HliTBlns, Red Biff
W E Hadley, San D
C J E Colton, Clayton
J W Kearth, Colusa
G W Thorne & w,,Colo
Mrs A E Henry, 111
Mrs A S Atchley. S J
E E Bush, Bakersfleld
A D Warner, Fresno
W V Macy, Chicago
H S Cooper & w, L A
Miss M F .Chapman,
St Joseph, Mich
J A Daly, Napa
Mrs L WeJgel. Mont
W B Dearborn & w.
Newcastle
E W Akerman, San D
R F Mltehell. Long B
V R Townsend. Lng B
O Panecke, Wright
Miss L D Gilman. Cal
F J Monel & w. Or
Mrs W A Maxwell, Or
W Vi Northing. Stkn
"\V A Stearns. Pasa
MB Hageline, w & c.
Preseott. Ariz
F S Rollins, N T
E L Webber. Napa
Capt Bradman. USMC
H W Heath. Chlco
J M Roberts. Potter V
H S Southard, B C ;
D L Cecil, Kern Co
W H Lunsden, S Ro3a
T Cunningham, S Rosa
H A Bell. Cacto
J H Gardiner. Cal
Wm E Wheelock. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
County.
WOODLAND, May 7.— The irrigation
problem seems to be in a fair way of so
lution. The last of the heirs to the
Moore estate, who has been holding out,
signed an agreement last night to sell
his interest in the Moore ditch property.
All the owners of the Stephens- Adams
system had previously signed the same
agreement. If there is.no further hitch
T. L. Reid, the oil operator, will pur
chase both systems and reorganize on a
more comprehensive scale. He will at
once put surveyors in the field to ascer
tain the amount of available water that
can be taken fiom Cache Creek, the cost
of applying it to the land, and how large
a district can be profitably irrigated.
It is conceded that this is the beginning
of one of the most valuable enterprises
ever inaugurated in the State of Cali
fornia. Experts say that this system will
place subject to Irrigation 15O,Cut) acres of
the best land in California, and the cost
of construction and maintenance will be
less than in any other place in the arid
West. In no other place in California, or
even in the West, has nature contributed
bo much to the physical construction
necessary to the development of a system
of Irrigation aa In the case of the natural
reservoirs df Clear Lake, the natural de
clivity of the channel of the bed of Cache
Creek, and the presentation of so large,
level, fertile and accessible a surface to
which the waters of the reservoirs and
the creek may be applied.
WATER TO FERTILIZE
VAST TKACT OF IiAlTD
Great Irrigation Project About to Be
: >: :V Put Into Effect in Yolo
Residents Form. Association to At
tend to Matters of Interest to
Their Neighborhood.
At a meeting of the Federation of Im
provement Clubs of Western .' San Fran
cisco held last night In Saratoga Hall
permanent organization was effected, by
laws adopted and the following: officers
elected: President, O. K. Cushlng; first
vies president, Charles Alpers; second Vice
president, N. B. Greensfelder; third vice
president, George B. Fletcher; secretary
and organizer, E. A. Lorenzo; treasurer,
A. G. Kleinert, and sergeant at arms, H.
P. McPherson.
Twenty-four delegates from various im
provement clubs were present. The clubs
represented were the Merchants' Im
provement Club of Flllmore street, Larkin
street Improvement Club, Hayes Valley
Improvement Club, "Western Addition Im
provement Club, Polk Street Improvement
Club. Point Lobos Improvement Club and
the Devlsadero Street Improvement Club.
; A committee consisting of the presidents
of the several improvement clubs forming
the federation was appointed to attend
the meeting of the Board of Supervisors
next Friday.
WESTERN" ADDITION CLUBS
ORGANIZE FEDERATION
"I have nothing to say. The statement
has been contradicted before. I- know
nothing about it."
LONDON, May 7.— Simultaneously with
td-day's meeting of the Leyland Un«
shareholders to vote upon the agreement
with J. Pierpont Morgan comes a reitera
tion of the . statement that Morgan
is about to acquire the Red Star line as
well as the Atlantic Transport line. The
Leyland line shareholders unanimously
confirmed the Morgan-Ellerman agree
ment. The American officials here, how
ever, deny the report that Morgan has ac
quired the Red Star line. After Mattln-
Bon, who presided at the Leyland Una
meeting, had explained the terms of to*
contract Ellerman, chairman of the line,
set forth his views on the trans-Atlantic
trade. He said the outlook was not prom
ising for British ship owners In view of
the large American tonnage building, tha
prospects of the return to that trade of
vessels now diverted to South Africa and
the probability of an American subsidy.
He did not believe Parliament would In
flict countervailing: duties on subsidized
American vessels. Morgan's railroad and
manufacturing interests would enable him
to make the purchase of the Leyland line
profitable. • '
Ellerman severely criticized the anti
quated British navigation laws, which put
British vessels at an increasing: disadvan
tage In competing with foreigners. Mat
tinson said the Americans were evidently
in the trans-Atlantic trade to stay. Trad©
does not follow the flag; it follows capi
tal. The conditions favor their success.
The fact that this particular purchase has
been possible has been a grave warning
to Great Britain to revise the navigation
laws, which threaten her supremacy.
NEW YORK, May 7.— James A. Wright,
second vice president of the International
Navigation Company, was shown the dis
patch from London referring to the re
iterated report that Morgan was about to
acquire the Red Star line. He said:
Antiquated Methods Criti
cized at Leyland Line
Meeting.
Englishmen Have Little
Chance on the
Atlantic.
BRITISH SHIPS
LOSING TRADE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 8, 1901.
13
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
bal15\v^^howe£l7"'~ /~~~
10 montgomery. street!.
. • bargains.
Rents $34 per month ; Harriet st. ; 4 flats of 3
rooms each; lot 25x75. ' . *.V ; y
$6400.
Leavenworth st.. near Clay; house, ' 9 rooms,
bath, basement, furnace, etc.
$3500. :
Near Pine and Powell sts. ; house of 8 rooms
and bath; lot has double frontage; suitable for
flats; splendid location.
$7200. V
Jackson and Jones sts.; lot 25x112:6; 2 flats.'
5 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents $600 a year.
$3S0O.
Rents $38 per month ; 4 separate flats on Treat
ave. ; always rented; see these at once. -
$1750. , " ¦
Church st.; 2-story building; store and flat of
5 rooms; lot 2SxS0; . rents $25 per month.
$3000. •
Clementina St., near First; lot 25x75: brick
building, containing 10 rooms; rents $27.
> $4000.
Treat ave., near Twenty-flfth St.; lot 23x115:6
to rear street; cottage of 5 rooms, bath and
basement.
$4500.
O'Farrell and Buchanan sts.; cottage of 4
rooms; lot 25x125; fronting on 2 streets.
. $3000.
Rents $27 per month; 2 flats of A and 5 rooms
and bath; Nineteenth st.,.near Sanchez.
$6000.
Make an offer; must be sold; 2 g-ood flats on
Oak St., near Buchanan.
$2250. . •
Cllpper-st. cottage, 6 rooms, bath and base-
ment; lot 25x114.
$2500.
Eighteenth St., near Castro; driveway below,
stable in rear and flat above: suitable for ex-
pressman. ¦ ¦ .
$3500.
Bryant ave.. near Twenty-sixth St.; new 2-
story house, 6 rooms and bath. a
$350 CASH. •
For a nice 4-room and basement eottagre; $950
can be paid In $12 monthly Installments; loca-
tion No. 159 Corbett road, near Eighteenth-st.
electric cars.
' .. • ¦ $2700. " .. .
Rents $23; 2 flats; Natoma st., near Four-
teenth.
$3000.
Dorland et. ; lot 30x115; house, 8 rooms and
bath.
$5200.
Shotwell St., near Twentieth; 45x122:6; house,
9 rooms and bath.
$8200.
¦Worth $15,000; northwest corner Jones and
Lombard sts.; 73:6x68:9; house cost $15,000 to
build; bargain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, .
10 Montgomery St.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
. 667 Market street,
. Opposite Kearny street.
Genuine Bargains in Best Portion of City.
$120,000— Vicinity First and Mission sts.; one
tenant; long leas«; new brick and Iron
. building; lot 9400 square feet; this beats
bends or banks.
$SO,000— Van Ness ave. corner; 120 ft. Van Ness
ave.; thre« frontages; choicest on the
avenue: prospective investors see this.'
$75,000— Corner, block from Powell and Ellis;
two stores and two lodging-houses;
never vacant; 60 ft. frontage^ no prop-
erty like this on the market any more;
rent about $400.
$55,000 — Post-st. corner, downtown; splendid
building; 60 ft. front; paying 6 per cent
net.
$36,000— Downtown Mission-street bargain;. 70
feet front; this is a rare buy: the largest
let to be had on Mission street to-day.
$25,000 — Best Improved north of Market et.,
close to Geary at. and Grant ave.; four-
Story and basement brick building; 40
feet frontaee; rent $170.
$18,000— Howard St.; near Third; splendid four-
stcry and basement structure; no better
buy to be had in this district; low rents
at $125.
$17,500— Western Addition business property;
stcres and flats on best street; 60 ft. lot;
.this is a 1 clean Investment; rents $107.
$12,500 — Sansome-st. corner, wholesale district;
35 ft. frontage ; rents $100.
$8,500— McAHister-st. income property, near
Octavia; two frontages; rents $83 per
month; lot 27:6x120 feet.
$3,750— O'Farrell st.; three houses; lot 45x80
ft.; rents $40: price reduced from $3000;
cannot be beat.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market street.
REAL. ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
164 ACRES, sediment soil: fine for raisin*
seeds, berries and vegetables; improvements
worth $9000; will sell in 10 acres subdivided,
at $175 per acre; $19,500; part cash, balance at
6 per cent interest per .annum.
57 acres, near Alma; house of 16 rooms; large
barn: plenty water; 15 acres in orchard, some
full bearing: $4000; terms to suit.
37V. acres in 6-year-old orchard; $110 per acre;
250 acres at $47 50 per acre. C. C. SMITH,
630 Market st., San Francisco.
BUY In Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Vlticulturlst." The "W.
A. MACKINDER CO., St. Helena; Cal:
MARION GRIFFIN, Real Estate Agent. 719
Market St., by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
scribing farms for sale all over this State.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. "WINFIELD, Petaluma, Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN. R12 Main. Petaluma, for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— In Ross Valley, 7 minutes' walk
from San Anselmo station, an attractive
home, having 10 rooms and bath; lot 50x200:
well cultivated. For particulars inquire of
J. I. TAYLOR, 404 Sansome et.
$160— LOTS In Rpss Valley, near San Anselmo
station; 25x160. Apply 976 Jackson st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
PROPERTY of Two Estates; Immense Bar-
gains.
Must b« Sold.
150x207 feet, with Improvements, on Santa
Clara ave.
Four lots, 60x207:6 feet on Santa Clara ave.,
near Park st.; offer wanted.
E. D. JUDD COMPANY..
1424 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2750— NEW 2-story house; complete in every
particular; thoroughly well built; street work
all done; near the electric cars and railroad.
$5000— Fine new house of 9 rooms; lot 62x160;
gas and electric lights; excellent view of bay
and near university.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
$1750— HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath; large lot;
¦ streetcars pass the property; for cash or in-
stallments: Apply to JOS. J.. MASON, Berke-
ley station.
BARGAIN— $350; high lot. 2 blocks from Golden
Gate station; 40x100; $450, high lots, 2 blocks
, from Ashby station ; 50x110. A. GREUB,
1011 Mason st. . . ¦ •
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$1750— 5-room cottage, modern, stable; lot 50x140.
Inquire Hanson's shoe store. Frultvale. Cal.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
IN Mill Valley— A nice home for sale cheap on
account of departure 526 Turk st., S. F. -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$5500 : — LOT FOR FLATS $5500
Finest' lot In the city of Oakland to build on
for Income; stores' and flats or any kind of im-
provement will pay handsomely; the lot Is lOOx
100, on the NW. corner Alice and SeVenth sts
the best corner of all; sun all day; the Alice
Park Is across the street; within two minutes'
walk of three R. R. station* ; neighborhood flrst
class; will subdivide.' WILLIAM J. DINGEE
903 Broadway, Oakland. . '
$950 WILL buy a good two-story of 8 rooms; S
minutes' walk from" Broadway station
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., :
1003 Broadway,' Oakland.
$1800— A BANK sale: , 9 rooms, ¦ nearly new '
Bunny Bide, . close to San Pablo ave. ; forty-
foot lot; -near 'Frisco local station;- will ar-
range Installments to suit.-
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
' ¦ ¦ 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
'AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas ~the
. furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING:"
FOURTH,' 225— Furnishej rooms for housekeep-
ing: also single.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622 — Sunny bay-window
suites of 3 rooms, nicely fur.; gas; bath. 1
HOWARD, 513— Rooms, 75c per week and up-
ward; also 'housekeeping.' ¦; j >; ¦ . ¦.;. \.".
HOWARD, 1703— Housekeeping- rooms to let In
1 private family. ,
FOR SALE Con.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2a-hand-
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. 66 Bluxomel
F £? T ?, GRA , P , HIC and ma4?lc intern goods
bought sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st
SAFES— New end second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
V> ALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Frant
MIS CELL ANCOUS WANTS.
WANTED— For the English market, by firm of
eccd standing, novelties, patents or exclusive
agencies for the photographic and allied
trades. Bex 105, Sell's Agency, Fleet st,
IiCndon, England.
COMPANY wanted to dnk on land adjoining
upper part of Kern County Jn oil belt for
one-fifth. Apply to W. M. STAKSBURY,
batt.1 Rosa, Cal.
WANTED— A second-hand Remington type-
¦writer and offlce desk. Box 3C2L Call orfloe.
WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market St.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth; tel. Folsom 2521.
MONEY TO LOAN.
At— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
•fiord to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
-ANY amount at 6%; first 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAX, 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
A GILT-EDGE Investment Is offered for a
short time by Smiths' Cash (Dept.) Store;
etock paying 10% can be had for $30; par
value T100; will advance eoon. Write or call
85 Market Et.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home; $5; valuable Information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS, 1839 Polk st., -San Francisco.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
• age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
HOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
DE\L direct: furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate: strictly private. Lick, 116 McAllister.
Al— MONEY loaned. CHASE. 646 Market st
'Z^ on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 4-1 California.
CASH loaned on salaries; New Tork plan. THE
TOUSLET CO.. 321 Farrott building.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country. 6%, undi-
vided lnts. ; estates. HARPER, 897 Parrott big.
ON salaries or wages; no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MOP.RELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella $65J2 Chlckerings (like
1 Heine baby grand 1 new) $200
Oike new) $325 2 Helnes J315 up
1 Steinway $1S5!1 Hallet-Davis $465
And fifty others; rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Agents for some
of the oldest and most famous pianos In ex-
istence. Including Hallet-Davis. Indorsed by all
the greatest masters; over 50,000 in use in most
exclusive homes. Heine Piano Co.. 217 Geary.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New oprigbt pianos, 16 per
month: come rood pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month, SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Eteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
rts. Ean Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland. ¦
AT BYRON MAVZrS, 808 POST BT.
You are Invited to call and hear the Peer-
less electric eelf-playing piano attachment;
can be put In any piano; also to inspect our
piano factory and eee how a piano is made.
Agent Sohmer. Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Ham-
ilton. Fpielmann planer. r
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28.
J8 and SO O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tb©
customer.
A LIST of fine eecond-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
Eon. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz, 1
Sterling, *75, $125, $145. etc. ; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st
Chickerinp, Vose. Sterling Agency: also
Apollo, king of self-players.
FROM now until June 1 we will have a genu-
ine cash clearance sale of pianos. Customers
can get the best bargains In the city from us
during this sale. The ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 7C9 Market ct
GOING to Nome — Must sacrifice elegant 3-pedal
upright piano. 219 Leavenworth St., nr. Eddy.
A— $400; UPRIGHT grand, new, for almost
half. 216 McAllister st.
$135— ETANDART upright: cost $425; for sale on
$5 installments. 1419 Post st
KRANICH '& BACH pianos, musicians' delight
Sole agency BRUENN. 206 Post st
YOU can obtain a fine upright piano at a low
figure. T. H. KILGO. 846 Mission st
53 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. £60 Hayeg st
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright 217
Geary et., room 88.
A SMALL Cblckering upright. $125: 6 uprights,
eecona-hanflea : your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
$45 UPRIGHT. $125 Knabe. $135 Ktelnway &
Sons, at FAY'S piano factory. 1729 Mission.
AT WILSON'S Storage, 1"£ Market st. you
can pet storage pianos al>*»Jt for a song.
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano:
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jones st
HIGH-GRADE planes; Steck. Hartman. Con-
over ar.fl others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 214 Post
BARGAIN— Must be eold: nice upright piano.
BCHMITZ. » McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
AT KEEFFETS,. 923 Market st, 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BTTPKRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. hT
UULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WETCTC'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 paeres. In wrapper, for malllnp. $1 per year.
r — — ¦ —^^ »^^— .^— i^^
' OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
MUSIC rtore to rent; formerly occupied by
music teacher, and established trade for S
years. Apply 1241 Kentucky et.
TO rent or lease— Second floor, C20 Market st,
opposite Palace Hotel: Al business location.
Apply to GEO. H. COVERT. 623 Market Et
LARGE elegant etore, 4 rear rooms, basement.
MS Valencia St.: change to euit.
TO let— Small store and two rooms at 217
Eleventh et.. near Howard.
BAKERY with oven: 4 living rooms; good loca-
tion. Apply 1009 Guerrero st.
.RANSOME, S04— Large, handsome store; re-
duced to $8 per month.
-LIGHT, sunny offices $l» to $20. • Emma Epreck-
fi- bii«MiT.g. 077 Ma-Vet st.
.-"" OIL.
COSTA Rica, 10 cents per ehare, will make you
rich: you cannot lose your money; etock guar-
anteed by 8. F. real estate bonds, certified to
by Cal. Hafe Deposit and Trust Co.; send for
prospectus. Pacific State* Mining and Invest-
ment Co.. 226 Poet et
THE W. n. THOMAS CO.— Oil lands in the
best districts: investigate: Fearless Oil and
Water Co.; a pood investment: water trans-
portation. 409 Examiner big.. 464 8th. Oakland.
OIL lands In the heart of Coallnga district
$1 25 per acre. AMERICAN EXPLORATION
CO.. H13 Call building.
OIL tank*, eecond-hand. In pood order: all
*1r«-cr chesty TT P WTTTTF. f.1fi Mission *t
OIL LAMJS..
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands in the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to invest ln'etocks'of the leading oil ;
companies caV on us before going elsewhere. '•
SHEA & PETERSON. 3C1 Examiner building. f
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered,
tS up. Jensen & Bath, SOS Sixth; open even.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st. bet Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
Mrs. Lamb, scientific palmist and character read-
tng; lessons in class and private. 204 Ellis, r. 18.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
. GEO D. CAMPPELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS. -
A NEW and harmless discovery*, a simple clay,
•which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red, and blonde hair a rich golden,
" In from four to twelve hours, according to
shade required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN, 406 Sutter st.
A.— IF your hair Is falling or you are ba'.d. call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 4SS Geary st, and you.
will not be disappointed: this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world; .call or send for circular.
AFFLICTED come, we will locate your disease
free, without asking questions, looking at
tongue or reeling of pulse; tell you how to get
well without knife, drugs or worthless Instru-
ments; scientific method of treatment. Nervo-
Pathic Co., 13S2 Market, opp. I. O. O. F. Hall.
MOTHER, do you know you can buy dry
roods, shoes, blankets, hammocks, etc.,
cheaper at SMITHS' CASH (DEPT.) STORE
than anywhere else? 25 Market St. -
A WOMAN, one side badly wrinkled, the other
made smooth; also freckled girl; remedies
guaranteed permanent; call— seeing Is believ-
ing. N. Y. Inst. Dermatology, 103 Ellis, S. F.
{1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. (15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
pant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st, between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 DO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BEST taste, "The Superior" ; skillful hair
dressing; wrinkles vanished; gray hair re-
stored; expert masseurs. 14 McAllister, rm. 69.
"WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $3 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn hairdressing, hair work, man-
icuring; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
PRIVATE detective work ; reasonable rates ; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY; 357 Jessie st.
Dr. Harriett Welch, 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Sat; electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
SPRING Etyles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office, 1021 Market St., nr. Sixth.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st
Ladles' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Silverman, 984 Folsom ;tel.Folsom 1191.
C. LANDECKER. 20 Monfgy— Watches cleaned
and repaired, no matter whafsbroken, Jl;guar.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
I MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
IS rageg. In wrapper, for mailing. » per year.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. a O'DONNELL— Offlce andresidence^
1021 Market Et. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
. treats, all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PICNIC SUPPLIES
ON your way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
& MOHNS. 29 Market St.. for finest wines and
liquors: biggest house; open Sundays.
PILES-
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30
' years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
Eurgery or delay from business, and no
salves for Eale. Particulars, address Physl-
cian. box 1950. Call offlce. S. F.. Cal.
PROPERTY "WANTED.
"WANTED— Income property south of Market:
$2000 to tlO.OOO. Box 3665. Call offlce.
REAL ESTATE— CITY FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRDDGE & CO.,
638 Market st
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCES— Two
elegant residences of 8 rooms and bath; sun-
ny side street; fine surroundings; every
modern convenience; lots 25x137:6 feet; will
sell separately; make offer; price $6000 each.
CHEAP.
CHEAP.
CHEAP.
SIX FINE WELL-BUILT FLATS of 4 and
3 rooms; rents $518; lot 25x112 feet; near
Sixth and Howard sts. ; will be sold for
highest bid over present offer of $3500.
SNAP.
SNAP.
SNAP.
LARGE BEAUTIFUL HOME one block from
Park Panhandle. 9 rooms and bath; bank
mortgage $3500 can remain ; • larger mortgage
if desired; will bo sold for cost of Improve-
ments; this great big snap must be sold;
Bee this at once; price $5000.
NEW.
NEW. •
NEW.
FINEST CORNER IN THE T7ESTERN AD-
DITION— Rents low; J 21 00; 5 new modern
flats; lot 41 foot frontage; guaranteed In-
crease In value; price $27,500.
BARGAIN.
BARGAIN.
MODERN SCOTT-ST. RESIDENCE, 8 rooms
and bath; porcelain bath; tiled mantels;
handsome and attractive appearance; can
arrange any terms; price $6000.
PAYS
BIG '
INTEREST. '
6 FLATS OF 4 ROOMS— Never Idle and pay-
ing every month $52; large lot; 32:6 front-
' age; Improvements alone cost double price
asked; first-class condition; the best invest-
ment for the money to-day; price $5000.
FEW STEPS FROM PANHANDLE and
Halght-st cars; nice bay-window home of 8
rooms and bath; bituminized street; price
only $2600.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
LYON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery street.
$9,500— Rent $97 60; three handsome new flats
of 6 rooms and bath; extra large lot;
best sun and light possible in flats;
best portion of Panhandle district; offer
'wanted.
$7,230— Rent $67 CO: 2 brand new flats of 6 and
7 rooms, bath, etc. ; large lot; Park
Panhandle district; splendid district;
will always, be rented.
$4,700— New bay-window residence of 7 rooms,
bath, etc 8 finished in. good taste in the
latent style; easy terms If desired; Park
Panhandle district; best home for the
money in the city.
$HKX> — Fine two-story residence, commanding
supeib marine view; 8 rooms with base-
ment, containing laundry; almost brand
new; on sunny side of the street; extra
large lot, 30x137:6; rented for $62; a
beautiful home In. a select neighbor-
hood close to Fillmore street.
fM.OOO— Splendid corner investment on Sutter
street; extra large lot, P5x90; present
rents $150; could be increased by small
expenditure of 1 money; Improvement
good and substantial. -¦ ¦
$4,000— Rent $4fc; Broadway, near Leavenworth:
3 new flats: always rented: In good
condition; an excellent income proposi-
tion.
$10,500 — Handsome flats; sunny side of Page
street; 2 exceptionally finished flats; al-
ways rented: cost over $10,000 to build.
$6,E00— Offer wanted; rent -$58; near Guerrero
and Fourteenth sts. ; 3 flats of 5, 5 and
6 rooms: lot 25x100.
$5000— Rent $30; Twenty-fourth-st. flats; 2
modern, well-built . flats; lot 25x114;
good .investment.
$5.000— Rent $15; cheapest flats In city; Park
Panhandle district: 2 flats -of 5 and 6
rooms and bath each; lot 25x137:6;
overlooks the ;->ark. * ¦ .
A BRAND NEW COTTAGE.
$1,350— Only $200 cash: $11 monthly; contains 4
¦ rooms, porcelain bath; Wisconsin, near
Twenty-fourth; a few minutes' walk
from the cars. ; .
, LYON & HOAG,
114 Montgomery st
JUST completed; fine Income paying property;
N.W. cor. Golden Gate and- Seymour aves.;
east of Devlsadero; 2 of these charming
eunnlest of sunny flats rented last week
for $45 and' $55; containing 8 rooms each,
with every latest improvement See owner on
premises dally or 40 Montgomery st, room 7.-
$3900— HOUSE of 2 flats; bay-windows and
bath; 5 and 6 rooms;, lot 26x85. 4059 Nine-
teenth st. near Castro.
FOR sale— Well-constructed, modern residence,
.' 8 rooms and bath, in a desirable location
near park; reasonable terms. 660 Mission st.
TWO-story frame house' for sale, to be re-
moved; 1808 Gough st Apply between 10 and
' 1 o'clock.
BARGAIN — That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-room residence, 775 Cole st. ; open dally.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. OUNN. 530 California st.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. Salisbury, builder, 1333 Market.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING— Con.
LANGTON, 256Mr- Three nicely furnished sunny
rooms, complete housekeeping; private family.
NEW AUBURN HOUSE, 334 Third St.— House-
keeplng rooms, suitable for, family; reference.
OAK, 119-^2 sunny rooms, furnished for house-
keeping;' yard, storage, range, closets; $12.
POLK, 605—2 sunny parlors, piano; also 1 room,
: gas stoves, running. water, bath, gas. '¦
TWELFTH, 120 — 2 nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; private family; select locality.'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
¦ - Valencia st.
ROOMS "TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfurn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 821 Grant ave.— Best Jl a
. day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms,' 60c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
, 25c to U per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
' light housekeeping rooms; open all night
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites. -single; also. unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
. furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau. 22 Kearny st.—
¦¦ Tel, Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
FIFTH, 264, cor. Clementina— Neatly furnished
sunny front room; use bath; rent $6 60.
FILBERT, 614— Furnished room; sunny and
neat; board If desired. ; '
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooma. en suite. or
single; ladles' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
GUERRERO, 444— Furnished room; private
family.
HOWARD. 844, flat A— Sunny front room, nlce-
ly furnished; private family.
HOWARD. 1708%— Nicely furnished suite of
eunny rooms; also" single; gas; use bath. ,
HOWARD court. 6— Furnished rooms, quiet,
¦for gentlemen. |
LARKIN 804— Large sunny back room, fur-
nished; light housekeeping if desired; $10.
MARKET, 1049A— Front rooms, en suite, single;
also other rooms; telephone Howard 108.
MINNA. 262, near 4th— Furnished front parlor;
suitable for 2 gentlemen; private family.
MINNA. «67, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; fl per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week. mo.
O'FARRELL, 546— Sunny front room, with al-
cove. tXO- '
O'FARRELL. 917— Pleasant room In private
family; suitable tor young lady; $6; no sign.
PINE, 1006 (The Victor)— New management;
thoroughly renovated; sunny suites, single
rooms, with board. ' . . ¦¦ t
ROSEDALE House. 819-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night,- 25o to $1; week. $1 25 to $4t Open night.
ROYAL House, 12$ Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2 to
IS; month. $S to J30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO, 1603— Nice BUnny furnished
front -rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH, 2911, near Howard— Large front
furnished room, with closet.
SUTTER, 728— A family hotel (Wllmott); sunny
rooms, excellent table and service.
SUTTER," 834— A nicely furnished sunny alcove
front room.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
TURK, 126— Sunny furnished front room suit-
able for a gentleman. .
TURK, 543, near Polk— Single room, with bath,
for gentleman; $1 per week.
TURK. 268 (The Lake)— New house; newly fur-
nished; modern; board optional. Phone
South 422.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS AND BOARD. .
COMFORTABLE home; table and appoint-
ments first-class; convenient to cars. Box
3698. Call.
FILBERT, 614— Furnished room, sunny and
neat, with board if desired.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
First st., between Harrison, and Bryant.
AT summer rates; attractive rooms: special
table: wine dinners. 807 California St. '.
ROOMS AND DOARD WASTED.
BOARD for man and little boy In private fam-
ily; with other children preferred. Box 3030,
Call offlce.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — Accommodations for visiting stran-
• gers during President's stay in San Francisco;
any hotels, boarding-houses or private faml-
• lies having rooms to spare will- please bring
or send to room 217, Palace Hotel, information
as to the number and capacity of. rooms to
rent: also state whether with or without
board. Citizens' Committee on Hotels, room
217. Palace Hotel. . . .
PIANIST — Gentleman wants room and board In
private family where practice will not dls-
turb; has piano. ¦ Box 3663. Call offlce.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ALL parties to whom I am Indebted will be
promptly paid on presentation of their claims
• to me without court process. All parties in-
debted to me will please call on me and pay
the same without delay. B. J. F. SIEMER,
920 Ninth ave., south, San Francisco.
San Francisco. Cal.. May 8, 1901. !
BAD tenants ¦ ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES . AXD SU ? FtlIES '
SECOND-HAND machines all makes at al-
most any, price you want to pay; all kinds
rented $2 mo. 145 Sixth st; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred: open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
FOERCE^RODOLPH Storage and "Moving Co.,
offlce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6713.
A HALF rate will be named for storage, mdse.
or furniture, by Smiths' Cash Store. 25 Mar-
ket st. ; Ins. free; flre proof new building.
A FLAT rental, very low, or profit-sharing
¦ warehouse proposition to responsible party
who understands the business. SMITH. 25
Market st.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mls-
slon st; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
TO LEASE.
LOVELY HOME.
To lease for . a long term to responsible
party, 40 acres of best land, good locality. In
Santa Cruz County; only half a mile from de-
pot- consisting of about 25 acres of best wine
grapes and balance best fruit; apples, cher-
ries, plums, etc.; lovely cottage, furnished;
also horses, carriage, phaeton; etc. ; also fine
winery and cooperage for 30,000 gallons. Box
3841. Call offlce. -: ¦
TYPEWRITERS r AND SUPPLIES.
g^eaT^Xrgains TnTtypewriters— We
sell better machines for less money than, any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
, ¦'• , -PROPOSALS.
ADVERTISEMENT— Offlce of the . Chief En-
gineer. Division of the Philippines/Manila,
., P. I., March 1, 1901— Sealed proposals -for
constructing a harbor at Manila, P. J., will
• 'be received at this offlce until 11 o'clock a.
m , August 1, 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done Includes about 150,000 cubic,
yards riprap, 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry in breakwaters, about 6,000,-
•000 cubic yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredging. In -mud,, sand',
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
material - to • be used for reclaiming land. :
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of ¦ one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) In gold.
V One- contract; will be, made for : the whole \
work. Contractor's bond .will be 10 per -cent >
of the amount bid. The right is reserved to i
reject any or all bids. For specifications and?
blank forms v apply > to this offlce. Bureau of . .
. Insular . Affairs, Washington, D. C. ; United'
States Engineer Offices at New.* York. Chl-
- ' cago and • San • Francisco. -JOHN. BIDDLE,
V Captain. Engineers. ¦: ¦;.,
PROPOSALS will be received I at' the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts. ¦ Navy. Department, ¦-"''
"Washington; . D. . C, " until. 12 o'clock, noon.
May 28. 1901. and publicly. opened immediately
,¦ thereafter, -.¦ to furnish the . annual supply .: of
' coal,' coke, wood and charcoal at the , Navy.
¦¦¦ Yard and Naval Hospital. 'Marc Island, , Cal.,
-', the: Naval. Tralninc- Station.' San Francisco, '¦'
• Cal., and : the -Naval Station. Pueret Sound,"'
Wash."': Blank forms of proposals will be fur-
. nlshed upon application to the Bureau, to the';
: Commandants of -the' Navy" Yard, "Mare
Island, Cal., or Naval Station, Puget Sound,"
-Wash., 'or to the Navy Pay Offlce.iSan Fran-
\ i'cisco, • Cal. ' A. ¦ S. KENNY, • Paymaster Gen- -
' era! U.S. N. 4-26-01. :
DIVIDEND . v NOTICES;
DIVIDEND No. 27 (thirty Cents per share) of
the Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co., will be
payable at the office of ¦ the company, 327
Market. St.; on and after Friday, May 10, ,
1901. i Transfer .books closed Friday, May 3, ]
1901, at 3 o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary. .
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend (No. 29) of seventy-
.. five cents (75c) per share on the Issued . capi-
tal stock of the company has been - declared
payable at the office of . the company, 430
California st., San Francisco, on May 10, 1901.
Transfer books close May 3, 1901. at noon. A.
A. SPARKS. Secretary. .
. . ; ¦'.-.. MABBIAGE LICENSES. '
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: .
Harry- Bolte, 3S, city, and Amelia .E. V.
Curran. 34, Ban Rafael. ¦ .-
Herman W. Friedlander,' 31, city, and Bessie
Cooper, 23, city.
Joseph Furrer, 38, Petaluma, and Mary
Hueyg, 28,' city. — . .
Otto Dettbarn, 31. 1307 Kentucky street, and
Albertlne Wenzel, 23, 2222 California street.
Pang . Sul Fong, 40, 1 116 "Waverly place, and
Ho Shee, 22. 11G Waverly place.
| BIRTHS— MARRIA6ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death- notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
n at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and- residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GROVER— In Alameda, May 6. 1901, to the
wife of Ralph A. Grover, a daughter.
STRICKERT— In this city, to the wife of Paul
Strickert, a son.
WHITE— In this city. May 3, 1901. to the wife
of Charles C. White, a daughter.
DIED.
, Allen, Beatrice J. Loupy, Pierre
Barry. William . . McCoy, Alice
Bussell, Arthur Masten, Nathan K.
Dickey, Jamea R. Mogan, Catherine <
Fitzpatrick. Bridget Murphy, Elsie J. '
Fredrlkson. Charles Nunan, Jennie H.
Gawne, John Plewnia, Simon
Guntli, Peter Quinn, Michael E. "
Hall, Mary A. . • Schemmel, Mm. A. -
. Heymann, Edmund Stack, Mary J. • . ¦
Klngsbury, Eleanor Van Heekeren, Philip
Koenle, Albert Van Noordeh, Wm.
' Lamb, Joseph .
ALLEN— In this city, May 6, 1901. Beatrice
.Jane Allen, beloved daughter of Anthony and
Mamie Allen, 3 native of San Francisco.
BARRY-In this city. May 7, 1901, William
Barry, a native of Ireland, age<f 67 year s.
ETRemains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor Jk Co.. 767 Mission street.
BUSSELL— In this city. May 2.' 1901T Arthur,
beloved husband of. Margaret J. Bussell, and
father of Caroline and Gwladys Bussell, a
native of England, aged 48 yeara.
B^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge No.
£0, F. and A. M. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by the electric car. from the ferry.
DICKEY— In this city. May 6, 1901, James R..
husband of the late Amelia C. Dickey,- and
father of Frank Dickey, a native of Madi-
son County, New York, aged 75 years 3
months and 28 days. r •
IE7"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment private. - *»
FITZPATRICK— In this city, May 4, 1901,
Bridget Teresa, dearly beloved wife of John
P. Fitzpatrick, and loving mother of Mrs. J.
Rose, Mrs. A. Courtney, Mrs. A. Benner-
scheidt and Thomas F., Joseph A. and Ceci-
lia J. Fitzpatrick, a native of Brooklyn, N.
Y., aged 65 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:20 o'clock, /from her late
residence, 107 Diamond street, thence to The
Most Holy Redeemer Church, where a sol-
t emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FREDRIKSON— In this city. May: 7, 1901,
Charles Fredrikson, beloved father of Mrs.
Annie Aston, a native of Denmark, aged 60
years. :
ICTFrlends- and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at It o'clock, from the parlors
of Julius S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
RIGGERS'- and Stevedores' Union Association
— Funeral notice: The 'detail from Jeremiah
Creedon to John Finn, inclusive, will assem-
ble at their hall, 32 O'Farrell street, to-mor-
row (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, to attend the
funeral of our late brother, Charles Fred-
rlkson. By order
ALEX CAMPBELL. President.
F. E. DURHAM. Rec. Sec.
GAWNE— In Alameda, May 5, .1901; John
Gawne, late resident of San Leandro, a na- j
tlve of England, aged 70 years. - •
ICTFuneral private to-morrow (Thursday),
at 10:30 o'clock, from the uealdence of G. F."
Klncald, 21C8 Clinton avenue," Alameda. . s
GUNTLI— In this city, May 7, 1901, v Peter,
dearly beloved husband of Marie Guntli, and
father of Lillie, George and Carrie Guntli, a
native of Switzerland, aged 31 years 2 months
and 24 days. • . .
HALL— In Alameda, May 7. 1901, Mary An-
thony, wife of Gilbert C. Hall, and daughter
of Lydia and the late John A. Anthony.
HEYMANN— In this city. May 7, 1901, Ed-
mund Heymann, beloved father of Freda,
Tillle, Carl and Edmund Heymann, a native
of Zlnna. Prussia, aged 55 years 10 months
and 11 days. A member of Eureka Lodge
No. 15, A. O. U. W.. of St. Helena, Cal. j
|TJ"Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
•(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment private.
KINGSBURY — In this city, J May 7, 1901,
Eleanor Klnesbury, beloved daughter of
Elizabeth Klngsbury, a native of San Fran-
- Cisco, aged 26 years 10 months and 20 days.
KOENIG— In Marshfleld, Or., May 2, 1901, Al-
bert, beloved husband of Mary Koenlg, and
father of Willie and Albert Koenls:, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 34 years 9 months and
4 days. -^
LAMB— In Frultvale, May 7, 1901, Joseph
Lamb, brother of Edward, William and
Charles Lamb, Mrs. Charles Williams, Mrs.
William Leahey and Mrs. E. J. Koenlg, a
native of East Oakland, aged 30 years and 1
month.
C?"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), from 1351 Twenty-sixth avenue,
Fruitvale, thence to St. Anthony's Church,
"' East Oakland, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30, o'clock.
LOUPY— In this city. May 6. 1901, Pierre
Loupy, beloved brother of Baptlste, Jean and
Noel LouDy, and brother-in-law of Lucle
and Therese Louny, and nephew of Martin
Casenave/ a native of France, aged 31 years
and 5 days.
- ICTFriends , and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
to French Church of Notre Dame des Vic-
toires, Bush street.
McCOY— In San Rafael, May 5, 1901. Alice Mc-
/ Coy, a native of New Jersey, aged 32 years
¦ and 7 days. .
MASTEN— In this city, May 6, 1901, Nathan
Keese Masten, beloved father of Edmund C,
Joseph M.,- Louis C. and Alice H. Masten,
Mrs. F. I. Kendall, Mrs. P. M. Wessel. Mrs.
F -P. Wil3on. Mrs. P. ¦ J. Dunne, Mrs. P.
K. Gordon, Mrs. W. F. Perkins and Mrs. E.
C. Ewell, a. native of Troy. N. Y., aged 80
years.
¦ (DTFriends i and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2218 Clay street. Interment pri-
vate.
MORAN— In this city. May 7, 1901, Catherine,
dearly beloved : mother of E. J. Moran and •
the late Mollie Moran, a native of County
Tyrone, Ireland, aged 73 years.
/ fey-Friends of the family are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend ! the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2823 California street, thence to
St. Dominic's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. '
MURPHY— In this city. May 6, 1901. Elsie J..
beloved wife of John F. Murphy, loving
mother of John Broderick. and sister of.
Charles ;H. Rockwell, a native of San Jose,
Cal., ased 30 years."' • . -•'
(?r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of J C O'Connor & Co. . 767 j Mission street,
thence to St. Mary's: Cathedral, where a
mass will be said for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock.: Interment Mount
I Calvary Cemetery. „ ' A , . T - ,
NUNAN— In San Leandro. May 7. 1901, Jennie
Hart Nunan, wife of Thomas Nunan.
ETFuneral private. ,
PLEWNIA— In this city, 'May 7. 1901, Simon
Plewnia, a native of Germany, aged 10 years
and 6 months.' ' . ' ••
QUINN— In this city. May 6.1901. Michael E..
7 beloved husband of Winifred Quinn, , a na-
liENRY J. GALlJAGHEfc CO.
(Successor to Flannagan& Gallagher.). '
• ' DANIEL IP. DONOVAN: Mzr. 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite. Lincoln : ScLool. „•.,
Telephone South" 80. '. . - .
McAUOV <fc CO.i I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
• 1239 Market St., between 8th and 9th. I
. V-.-r:, .Telephone South 247.. . . . . |
.. ; JAMES/ McGINN;V ':. I ¦
Formerly with * McGlnnn Bros . ' has ¦ opened I
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. bet. I
Taylor, and Jones.' Telephone South 576. :'."'P
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
I if and 29' Fifth' st. ' Tei; South. 167.7"
; ICNEEAL CIKECT0K3 AND EMBALM 3 Jl.
¦ Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. '
; tlve of 'County, Gal way, Ireland, aged 71
; years 9 months and 27 days. ~
'E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 213A Guerrero street, thence to
Mipsicn Dolores Church, where a requiem
•high mass will be celebrated for the repose
;of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
\: mcnt , Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. ' ¦ .;
SCHEMMEL— In Alameda, May «, 1901. Mrs.
• Augustine Schemmel, beloved wife' of Edourd
Schemmel, a native of Paris, France, aged
66 years 6 months ahd 8 days.
O"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
May 10, 1301, at 10 o'clock, from St. Joseph's
Church. Alameda. Take 9:13 o'clock narrow-
gauge from San Francisco to Chestnut-street
¦ station. Please - omit ¦ flowers. - - Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
STACK— Iii this city, May 7, 1901, Mary J., be-
loved wife of the late John Stack, devoted
mother of John, Maud, Thomas, Henry and
Jennie - Stack, dearly beloved daughter of
John and the late Mary Collins, and sister of
Mrs. L. Driscoll, Mrs. L. Scannell and Ed-
1 .ward, Henry and the late Gus Collins, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2$ years 7 months
and_17 days.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
." fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister, Mrs. L. Scannell, 256ft Tehama
street, thence to St. Patrick' 8 Church for
services. Interment Mount ' Calvary Ceme-
tery. . . .
VAN HEEKKREN— In this city. May 7, 1901.
Philip, dearly beloved son of Sadie and Au-
gust Van Heekeren, and brother of Ferdinand
Van Heekeren, a native of Baden, Cal., .aged
5 years 2 months and 4 days.
VAN NOORDEN— In this city. May 7, 1901,
• William F. Van Noorden. beloved husband
of Goldine Van Noorden, father of Theodore,
Ike and Harry Van Noorden, and brother Of
Theodore Van Noorden. a native of Holland,
aged 56 years. A member of Verein Eln-
tracht.
!E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1359 Folsom street, near Tenth, and
thence by 11:30 o'clock train to New Salem
Cemetery for interment.
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St, Dominic's Church
Building Association, ahd for the parents
and relatives of living members, will be sung
in St. Dominic's Church, to-morrow (Thurs-
* day), at 9 o'clock. •JOSEPH O'HARE AND MEMBERS OF
THE JACQUES FAMILY ACCUSED
OF KIDNAPING HIM. \
Building- Trades Ctounctl Is moro than desirous
or having these facts known, because tt not only
affects the Interests of our resident* but of the
many strangers who visit the city with & view
to Investment. P. H. MCCARTHY.
President Building Trades Council.
LOUIS CHESTER,
Secretary of the Building Trades Council and
j -Chairman of the Executive Committee.
Laundry Drivers'. Install Officers.
The -members of the "Laundry
Association : held f an* enthusiastic ] meeting
last < night i at , Bnai B'rith " Hall ? and < ef
fected permanent organization. The new-'
ly elected officers were installed.
Bootblacks to Form Union.
.The bootblacks held a meeting last night
at Garibaldi Hall for the purpose of dis
cussing. ; measures '; preliminary ¦'. to" .the
formation of a' union. In consideration : of
the ; cooks' . and -.waiters', strike," which • at
present is absorbing the. entire 'attention
of the Labor . Council, , it was " decided ' to
defer taking '.definite .action for the^pres
ent. : The bootblacks were a unit in tavor
of : advancing -the 'price of a .shine; to, 10
cents as 'soon as the organization is com
pleted. They; have a grievance <¦ against
the shoe , stores which : give \ f ree . shines : to
their customers,- and many denunciatory,
speeches : were : made.iMHHmnBM
Laundry, Workers Fix New Schedul?.
OAKLAND, May., 7.— The laundry work
ers' special i committee met | to-night and
fixed a scale of wages and hours of labor.
The ; hours of labor l were . fixed at : from
7 • a. m. ¦: until 6 p.* m. with one hour for
-lunch,; making- ten hours for a workday.
The hours now • run ; from twelve . to • six
teen; One-half extra' will be charjred for
overtime and holiday work. The scale of
wages contains*. many. -items <and is .; a
slight increase over ; the 'present scale.
"With the hours of labor reduced the in
crease will be about 20 per cent; .This
scale will be adooted by \ the union at a
meeting ; Saturday night.
DANG AH M.UKY IS
ORDERED DEPORTED
Widowed Hairdresser Captured in the
Recent Federal Raid Must Re
turn to China.
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday decided that Dang Ah
Muey was not lawfully in this country
¦jid recommended her deportation.
Ex-Judge Henry C. Dibble, her attor
ney, tried to prove by Chinese evidence
that she was a native of San Jose, that
she was a widow and by occupation a
hairdresser, but the witnesses on the is*
sue of the woman's nationality were not
of the character necessary to impress the
mind of the Commissioner with their
credibility.
Judge Heacock complimented United
States District Attorney Woodworth upon
the zeal, thoroughness and intelligence
with which he was prosecuting the Chi
nese slave cases and said that the num
ber of deportations already secured were
due to Mr. Woodworth's excellent hand
ling of the cases.
In the press of to-day we learn that certain
interests are brought to bear which can pre
vent a general strike. Because of the manner
in which those who are credited with the above
mentioned statement have endeavored to show
in the past few weeks, through misrepresenta
tion, their authority In labor matters over
which they have no control, the public is led
to believe that their jurisdiction extends over
the entire labor field of this and other cities
of this State and in the absence of a. definition
of their position by ' themselves it becomes in
cumbent upon the Building: Trades Council, In
behalf of the thousands of - members and - the
best interests of California to show to the resi
dents of this and other cities of this State, and
also to those who are about to become our
guests that the building- industry and those en
gaged'in it are not governed, controlled by, ad
vised, dictated to or directed by" Messrs.''Rosen
berg and Pierce, who are now receiving the at
tention of the public as the directing element
because of the persistency ¦with which the afore
said gentlemen connect themselves with matters
over which they have no control.
That it is again necessary for. the Building
Trades Council to declare to the people of this
State that the building trades are in perfect
harmony with their employers in every depart
ment of the • building industry and will not
allow any outside or foreign influence to disrupt
the aforesaid harmonious relations, nor will, it
brook any influence from anybody purported to
tepresent any prerogative power. Recent prints
concerning the realty market and building in
dustry in this city have had a damaging effect
by reason of their reference to labor troubles
and it is In order to obviate any impression
that might have gained ground through this
erroneous statement that the Building Trades
Council desires it to be understood that the
building industry of San Francisco, and all en
gaged therein, were never enjoying a more
harmonious relation than they are to-day.
Realizing that the progress and advancement of
the city and State is proportionately benefited
to those engaged in the building industry, the
employers doing- business in San' Francisco
could bo very much improved were it not for
the stand taken by certain unions . affiliated
with the Building: Trades Council. '
Holbrook at once offered a vigorous ob
jection and said that Hanlev had talked
to Officer McCurrie of the society before
the case was called and had asked him to
agree to a dismissal, as he knew the de
fendants. McCurrie refused and said he
would leave the case to the Judge to de
cide. McCurrie was called to the stand
and corroborated Holbrook's statement.
Hanley said that he' merely conversed
with McCurrie to see what was In the
case, as he always did, but made no sug
gestion that.it should be dismissed tla
after the Judge had heard the evidence.
The case was continued till to-day for
further expert testimony. Secretary Hol
brook says that he will make formal ap
plication to the Mayor to remove Hanley
from office, as he has on other occasions
shown a disposition to favor defendants.
Frank Wells, was to the effect that the
bull had been cruelly treated and almost
dismembered by the two defendants, who
had to kill it. as it. was dying. Two ex
perts were called to show that the defend
ants used the common method for leading
the bull. Then Hanley suggested that
the case be dismissed.
Lieutenant F.- J. Bean of * Engine Com
pany 6 of the : Fire Department received
several"" lacerated wounds on- the head
yesterday forenoon ?vhile directing his
company at drill. The company was drill
ing at Seventeenth and -Harrison streets
when a ladder- which was being used fell
on Bean's head. -' : -
Accident to Fire Lieutenant Bean.
Every person who has been elected a
delegate to the coming convention of the
Epworth League in this city and every
other person who has made known to the
committee in San Francisco that he or
she .will come. to attend the proceedings
will receive from the State Board of
Trade a map of California, a picture of
the city of San Francisco, the annual re
port of the State Board of Trade and an
invitation. to visit the exhibit which the
California counties have made of their
products in the ferry building at the foot
of Market street. At least 20,000 persons
will directly receive the matter and Cali
fornia will get therefrom a great adver
tisement, which will be addressed to those
who are thinking and talking with their
friends about Jheir, expected journey
across the continent and their sojourn in
this city. ¦¦¦ .; • .
Acting Secretary Dennison of the State
Board - of Trade has secured from Rev.
Thomas Filben a . book containing thou
sands of postofflce addresses, which will
make it" possible" to reach the delegates
personally. Mr. Dennison is now engaged
in addressing communications to each in
dividual, with the assistance of the entire
office staff of the board. , To mak6 certain
that the cards' of invitation to see the
county exhibits in the ferry building will
be retained. by the delegates Mr. Dennison
has had the directory of the principal
points of interest in San Francisco printed
on the reverse side of the cards, thus fur
nishing much timely information to, the
expected visitors. In compliment to the
Epworth League the annual report of the
State Board of Trade has been printed in
the league's colors— red, yellow and white.
Literature relating to the counties of Cal
ifornia will • be distributed to all visitors
during the ¦ Epworth • League Convention,
when there will probably be 100,000 stran
gers in the city from the East.
Board of Trade .Will.
Reach Christian
Samuel W. Knowles, husband of Mrs.
Margaret J. Knowles, gave evidence prac
tically the same as his wife as to O'Hare's
condition. Other witnesses examined
were T. H. Raynold/ of, the Western
Union Telegraph Company, who testi
ned_as to certain telegrams, and Charles
McCoIIum of the Hibernia Bank and Wil
liam Schmidt of the German Savings
Bank, as to money that had been on de>
posit in O'Hare's name and withdrawn.
The case was then continued until this
afternoon.
Just before the closing of the day's pro~
ceedings young Jacques walked out to
where the old, man was sitting, and At
torney Judkins at once stopped him. At
torney Cannon. drew the attention of the
court to the fact, and Knight said that
O Hare had beckoned to young Jacques.
Miss Tillie Rodgers, who was seated in
the center of the courtroom, jumped to
her feet and denied that there was any
beckoning on the old man's part. There
was a prospect, of a lively row when the
Judge put a stop to it. As O'Hare was
being led away the Jacques family waved
their hands arid smiled to ' him. Young
Jacques thereupon remarked, "You see
he does know us."
FINDS NEW PLAN
TO HELP STATE
The trial of Alva Holiday and Charles
Denike, two vaqueros in the employ of a
wholesale butcher, charged with cruelty
to animals for strangling a bull to death
while they were taking It from the Fif
teen Mile House to the Roman Catholic
Orphan Asylum on May 1, • was held yes
terday before Judge Cabaniss. It de
veloped Into an accusation by Secretary
Holbrook of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals against Assist
ant District Attorney Hanley that he was
anxious to have the case dismissed.
The evidence of Mrs. Nellie Wells. 2910
San Bruno avenue, and her husband,
Secretary Holbrook Will
Ask the Mayor to
Remove Him.
AFTER three weeks of litigation
Judge Coffey has appointed Mary
L. Gowdey guardian of the per
son and estate of her brother,
Joseph O'Hare. Up to a few
weeks ago O'Hare resided with Thomas
G. Jacques, a retail merchant of this
citj'. It was alleged by various petition
ers for letters of guardianship that when
O'Hare went to reside with Jacques he
was possessed of several thousand- dol
lars. At the present time he has ! only
a few hundred dollars to his credit. There
was no opposition to Mrs. Gowdey's peti
tion, it being generally understood that
Jacques will present his case in other ac
tions which will be instituted.
The interested parties then went to
Judge Cabaniss* court, where the prelim
inary examination of Thomas G. Jacques
and his wife. Caroline E. Jacques, on the
charge of kidnaping O'Hare, was heard.
The old man had been brought from
Minneapolis by his brother-in-law,
Joshua Rodgers. the Controller there,
and his niece, Miss Tillie Rodgers. He
was in court, and his appearance was
ACCUSES HANLEY
OF FAVORITISM
"Vina- Lally. It was said that the families
had been reconciled and were prepared
to jointly prosecute the Jacques family
for kidnaping and» grand larceny. Attor*
neys Cannon and Judkins . appeared as
special counsel for the prosecution, and
Attorney George A. Knight represented
the defendants. .
The evidence taken yesterday was
mainly intended to prove that O'Hare
had been for months incompetent . to
transact any business. The first witness
examined was Mrs. Margaret J. Knowles,
who now lives at Golden Gate, Alameda
County. • She formerly lived at 542 Jessie
street, this city. She testified that shp
had known Joseph O'Hare for the past
twenty-five years. About, two years ago
he came to her house and engaged a
room. Last September he had a "stroke"
and after that his memory failed him and
he hardly knew what he was doing. She
believed he was Incompetent. In cross,
examination she admitted that she had
talked with Mrs. Gowdey about the old
man, but added that all she wanted was
to see that justice, should be done hJm.
Dr. C. J. Patton testified that he had
been called In by Mrs. Knowles to at
tend the old man last October. He found
him in a feeble condition mentally and
physically and suffering probably from
dementia. He did not prescribe for him,
as drugs would not do him any good. He
did not think O'Hare was of sound mind.
Dr. D. D. Lustig testified to having
had a conversation with the old man on
.Monday. He was of the opinion that
O'Hare was incompetent to conduct any
business, and that he had probably been
so for months. He was suffering from
softening of the brain.
APPZAL IS MADE FOR .
BEPAVING OF STREETS
finance Committee of Supervisors
Will Favorably Report on Petition
of Merchants' Association.
F. W. Dohrmann, president of the Mer-
chants' Association, addressed the Super
visors' Finance Committee yesterday and
urged that appropriations be made for the
repaying of streets, for placing the fire
alarm and police telegraph wires under
ground and for the buj.ding of a new pest
house on the Bay View Farm. C. J.
King, also representing the association,
said that a systematic district plan of
repaving streets was being prepared by
the Board of Public Works. For this
purpose $125,000 per year would be required
for a period of four years. Mr. Dohr
mann favored the purchase of the Bay
View Farm, containing four and a half
acres, for a pesthouse site at a cost of
$12,500. The ct>st of the building was esti
mated at $5000. The committee decided
to recommend that the money be appro
rriated for the establishment of the pest
hcuse.
Rev- Father Smith of the Paulist.
Fathers and George Chadburne petitioned
the committee for an appropriation of $50,
000 for the construction of St. Marv's
Square. Father Smith stated that if the
appropriation was made the suit pending
to determine the status of the fund of
$125,000, now tied up in the city treasury,
would be abandoned. The committee
thought that the only way to get the ap
jnopriation would be to levy a tax outside
of the dollar limit if the board should
favor the plan.
The Civil Service Commission notified
the committee that in consequence of the
denial by the Supreme Court of a rehear
ing in the suit affecting the county offices
its estimate of the money required to run
It* department for the next fiscal year is
reduced from $12,700 to $8100. This will
pay the salaries of the three Commission
ers, chief examiner, one clerk and one
stenographer.
Upon the results of a conference to be
held in the office of Mayor Phelari at the
.City Hall this afternoon depends * in > a
great measure a solution of the 'difficul
ties surrounding the labor problem in this
city. This" meeting .was instigated at the
request of the leaders of the labor move-
ment, and the men representing the retail
and , wholesale interests of v the city are
Expected to attend. A general exchange
of, opinions, it is hoped,' will result in pro
ducing, harmony between employers and
employes."- . -
Meetings of labor organizations were
held last night all over the city. In nearly
every instance sympathy was expressed
for the striking ; cooks and waiters and
resolutions imposing fines upon' members
patronizing "unfair" houses were adopt
ed. In other cases walkouts were ordered.
The bakers as a body decided to go out
this morning, and the Pacific Coast Asso
ciation of Cooks, which includes some of
the chefs in the principal hotels and clubs,
adopted resolutions to stand in with the
strikers. E With the bakers and the cooks
out it looked decidedly blue' for. the res
taurant men at midnight. .
All was Jubilation at the headquarters
of. the Cooks' and. Walters' Alliance at
B'nai B'rith Hall. More than a hundred
members of the original Cooks' and Wait
ers' Association, alter the result was an
nounced, marched up Market street, vo
ciferously cheering. , At the meeting of
the strikers, as soon as the result was
announced, it was wildly cheered.' The
bakers' delegation was accorded a similar
reception. At the meeting of the restau-"
rant proprietors in the Shiels building all
was gloom. During the day three restau
rant proprietors made assignments and
one place was closed under attachment.
Chairman Johnson declined to disedss the
situation. ' .
Carriage Workers Strike.
The three branches of the carriage trade
—blacksmiths, painters and builders— held
a meeting at Pythian Castle and decided
to walk out this morning. Demands as
to hours and pay have been conceded by
their employers. The single reservation
made was, according to President H. M.
Black and Secretary Nugent, that the em
ployers should have the right to engage
those whom they chose without regard to
union affiliations. The men refused this
concession' and will go out.
At the close of the meeting of the 'Cooks
and Walters at B'nal B'rlth Hall the fol
lowing statement, signed by National Or
ganizer Pierce and Secretary Rosenberg
of the Labor Council, was given to the
press: ¦ . .
Faster and faster this city is moving toward
the most critical period in its history.. Broad
minds and coolness can. avert a general strike
of the workers of the city. The San Fran
cisco Labor Council for some weeks past' has
exhausted the services of its best men to pre
serve peace .in this community, but their ef
forts seemed to have failed, and failed be
causs the fiat has gone forth 'from the em
ployers of this city that the trades unions
must be disrupted. They never will be. Prog
ress will not nor. cannot stop.' The trades
unions stand for progress. If the employers
persist, the trades -unionists will insist and the
growth of this city will be retarded for year3.
We here give warning.
Demand "Hands Off."
"We again ask "hands of!" ft-om the flght of
the cooks and waiters for the shorter work day
and one day's rest in seven. We ask "hands
oft"' from the demands of the Carriage Work
ers' unions. Their employers were ready to
enter into agreements to recognize - their em
ployes' right to organize, but Front street
threatened and to-morrow morning 300 carriage
blacksmiths, . painters and woodworkers will
not return to their work. And ; because the
union bakers could not any • longer work in
bakeries with restaurants connected where
Japanese took the place- of union cooks and
waiters, 1M union bakers quit work to-night.
The threats of the employers to disrupt the
trades unions have caused this. And the fate3
only know bow many, workers may be out a
day hence. The Labor Council has made Its
last effort to prevent s. general strike. The
executive officers of the council and some. of
the principal unions waited the other day on
the Mayor and urged upon him to arrange a
Joint conference of the principal employers of
the city and representatives of organized labor.
That conference will bring peace or industrial
war. We want peace, and we want peace now.
The chief executive of our nation nears our
city -more than ever. But human endurance
has reached its limit. On all hands the em
ployers are forcing the issue and on - their
heads must rest the responsibility.
..,,... ... j.-d. piERCE.-
ED ROSENBERG.
The Journeymen Butchers' Association
has decided to allow its unemployed mem
bers to act as pickets for the striking
waiters. The Amalgamated "Woodwork
ers' International Union will impose . a
fine of $10 and the San Francisco Drug
Clerks' Association a fine of. $5 on all
members found patronizing unfair houses.
Building' Trades Council Speaks.
The following statement, presented, by
Vice President Brandon, was adopted by
a unanimous vote at' the meeting of the
executive comrrtfttee of the Buildinjr
Trades Council^ast night: ... ...
"We learn from articles published in the press
of Sunday and also to-day of statements made
by representatives of the San Francisco Labor
Council that certain differences existing.be
tween the above mentioned councils and some
Mrs* Gowdey Secures Letters of Guardianship and )X^ Assist in
Prosecution of Alleged Kidnapers of Her Aged Brother*
such as to give the impression that ha
was, as Is alleged by the prosecution,
in his dotage. Besides Mr. and Miss
Rodgers . and the complaining' witness,
Mrs. Gowdey, there were also in court
Mrs. Lally of Brooklyn, N. Y., another
sister of O'Hare, and her daughter, Miss
Carriage Workers Also Quit.
Mayor Phelah Calls
Conference.
Morning'.
Walk Out This
Bakers Are 'Prepared to
WAITERS GIVEN
UNION SUPPORT
TROUBLE AHEAD
FOR TREASURER
Copyist "Would Stop
Payment of Brooks'
Salary.
?
W. H. Garnett Whose De-
mand "Was Held Up Plans
Retaliation.
The payment of the salary demands of
three copyists in the Recorder's office by
Deputy Treasurer John O. Reis to the ex-
elusion of a fourth copyist may. involve
Treasurer Brooks in serious trouble.
William H. Garnett, the copyist whose
salary demand for April was not paid al
though his three associates received
their money notwithstanding the written
protest of the Civil Service Commission,
declared yesterday that he will bring
mandamus proceedings to compel Treas
urer Brooks to pay his demand in, the
same manner as the others were . paid.
Further than this, Garnett says he will
file a written protest with the Auditor
against the pavment of Brooks' salary on
the ground that the Treasurer has-been
absent from his post of duty for a period :
of two months past without permission
from the Mayor. ' -"- • . •> • .
"When the Civil Service Commissioner
served notice on the Treasurer • not • to
pay the demands of the four copyists ap
pointed by Godchaux outside of the civil
service eligible list the matter was com
municated to Brooks, who then ordered I
the question referred to the City Attorney
for adjudication as to his right to hold up
the demands. Though no opinion has yet
been received Deputy Reis took it upon
himself to pay three of the copyists for
April but refused to pay Garnett's de
mand. Garnett claims that Reis' action
was done advisedly in order to compel the
Institution of court proceedings to settle i
the disputed point as to whether the
deputies in the Recorder's office are alone i
exempted from civil service under the Su- J
preme Court decision.
Garnett will meet the issue and as a
method of retaliation he will incidentally
attempt to restrain the Auditor from au
diting Brooks' t-Mary demand. Auditor
"Wells says that if the protest is filed he
¦will certainly hold up Brooks' demand
until the matter is settled legally. ' / '
RELATIVES OF O'HARE COMBINE
TO FIGHT THE JACQUES FAMILY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 8, 1901.
14
ADV-E-ttTlSEMENTS.
• 'Phone Howard 102L
m rj&s/l vl 41 sekI a JEv ill
£¦ tjr~* J& wt\ ii Ks9 Bf C?*Sy-
' 119 TAYLOR STREET.
MAY 8, 9, 10, 11.
GOLD DUST--" s^ir w^.|4 C
package ............ ' ¦ "
On Sale Thursday.
NEW ORANGE MARMALADE, 10c
OflCCCC "Purity" Blend, pound, nr.
uUrrtt Pure ' straight, sound /nfi
UUIILt body, delicious aroma. *"V U
rich fragrance. Smooth, even drinking
Coffee.
EXTRA LIQUOR SPECIAL AT STORE.
ROLLED OATS &,....... 25C
SALMON BELLIES. SIX FOR 23e
HI ll/r fill Finest Lucca. First f|Ci»
OLIVE OIL £|£>vr sa S?«95C
sound oltves. Absolutely pure and un-
adulterated: unique and delicious flavor;
regular $1.25.
SPECIAL ON BEST EGGS.
TTI Choice of ten varieties, *1 "7 1 «»
IhA e? und •'•• j/oC
1 u " First pickings fancy Oolong, u ¦ 2"
English Breakfast. Uncolored Japan,
Ceylon, etc. Regularly 65c. No prizes,
just good pure Tea.
CLEMENT SARDINES, TIN, 10c
MUSTARD Made. threifbottlesT.^ /QR
muu i hiiu Made - after Zellner . 3 «.viu
receipt. Superior and delicate flavor.
MACKEREL, LARGE SIZE, 3c -
n 1 If 1 1] P Powder "Purity/! large O C ft
BAKING s; a ii-i^ ; -ind?5C
Soda, free from chemicals; no worry or
spoiled pastry.
RALSTON FOODS. PACKAGE, 12%C
D1ITTCD Very b€St Creameries, ftft ft .
HII I I t K lar Se squar© :; /H|J
UU I I Ull Cnolce cf three brands; tuu •
pure, fresh, creamy; sample at store; fiv«
'squares limit.
TANGLEFOOT, 10 SHEETS. IOC
TOILET SOAP sssn-^f ioe
IUIE.-I UUfll while they last. IUW
800 boxes In lot. See for yourself.
Five varieties; flve limit.
MUCILAGE BOTTLE. 5c
llfllirPort or Sherry. 5 years old, OC A
Wmt excellent table wines, gal.... nQLi
11111 '"St. Lawrence Vineyard: reg- ****** ,
ular price J1.00
Mail Orders Filled at thesa Prices.
SrJ K3r"9&7 A vCa jftf iCPB
drmgnulty:
H'HISWELIrKXOTO AND RKLrABLE OU>
.1 SpeclalistcwejBlood Poi.vin.GonorrhCBa.Gleet,*
I Strlctnrc, M?minal Weakness, Inxnotence and their
allied Diwirders. Rook on Diseases ol Men, tie;
? v^ 20 .? re VCr :tperIeuce - T<? ' im<lreM <» n * l > | o- Hoorn,
9to3dally;6:30to3.30eT'B!«..Sancl«Ts,10tol2.Coii«uJ-
tatioalreeandsacredlyconfldentlaU. CaTl or address -
F. ROSCOE McNUIiTY, 31. D.
20 V t Kcorny S t.. Haa Fronciac«, Cat*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUMMER
J|J n\ ¦ 8 "¦ «9 e3 ¦¦ Hi H . M '^^ ' mi. '¦ '^^ ' '
We take pleasure In. announcing the arrival
of a veru large shipment of the following,
NEW GOODS.
FINE TWILL ALL-SILK FOULARDS, satin finish and 24
Inches In width} all the latest shades, such as
Reseda, Grags, Old Rose, Maroon, National, Gohelln
and Violet j also New White and Black Effects.
Price $1.25 Yard.
FRENCH/PRINTED CHALYS, with narrow and. wide
satin stripes, foulard silk designs and all the latest
pastel colorings, suitahle for hoth house and
street wear,
Price 85c Yard.
ZEPHYR GINGHAMS, m Stripes, Checks and
: . : Plaids, full 32 inches widej theu are in Blues,
Pinks, Lavender, New Red and White and Black.
Price 20c Yard.
MERCERIZED PRINTED SATEENS, 30 Inches In Width, '
saine designs as French ' Foulards, and fullg 40
different patterns j this Is a most desirahle fabric
for summer wear. -^"
Price 25c Yard
EXTRA SPECIAL.
2000 REMNANTS PLAIN AND CHENILLE DOT TUXEDO '
VEILINGS j Black, Cream and Colors, 1 lengths from
#-to-i#'ijapd 1 sj marked down to LESS THAN
HALF PRICE.
111, 113,. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ROYAL Baking Powder is indispen-
sable to the preparation of the finest
cake, hot-breads, rolls and muffins.
Housekeepers are sometimes importuned to buy.
other powders because they are "cheap."
Housekeepers should stop and think. If such
powders are lower priced, are they not inferior?
Is it economy to spoil your digestion to save
a few pennies?
The"Rova1BakM-flr.HP a etr»r™i » AI H? is used in some baking powders
- ,- ous 'y upon the stomach, liver and kidneys.- .
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST^ NEW YORK.