Sunday
Call
Xmas
Number2
THE CHRISTMAS
ICE MAID
THE SUNDAY OALLu
Qdoii the mountains, high ahove the snow,
Too steeD for hollu or for mlstletoa,
Wherscruel winds forever round T blaw,
Th-ra dwells a plant the anaels know,
Upon the earth its timid leaf-stalks lie,
Stark, bare and shivaru underneath the sku,
For sun and warmth and heat in vain theu sighj
Under its -icu blasts theu die.
But ones a twelYemonth— on, the frozen steeD— -
From out th3ir stalks the timid leaflets creep, 1 .
And from their leaves, as though waked from a sleep,
The white wax flowers softlu peeb,
The ]ce maid gentlu touches them, theu sau,
A maid who Christmas dau passes that wauj
And whisparing to the frozen, dead old sward,
TpHs flower and leaf to greet its Lord.THE BEAUTY
QUEST
THE one subject which retains al
ways a deep and abiding hold on
feminine interest Is personal beauty.
Its cuest Is endless.
Nor need we deny the impeachment,
for do.es not Slmonides place the
divine gift of beauty as the . second
great blessing in life, health only taking
precedence. ' One of the great powers of
the world, It has always been; that it is
also "love, poetry, Heroism," Is a strong
assertion perhaps, but one with several
grains of truth in it.
In older days beauty was personified.
In Greece," witness Aphrodite; in Egypt,
Hathor; in Persia, Ariahita; In Carthage.
Tanit; in Babylon, Mylitta; in Byblu3,
Baaltls; Ashtaroth among the Sldonlans
and Aschera among the glades of Judea.
Then came a time when It was con
sidered unworthy vanity to think about
or discuss the subject and the body was
to be treated by all wise people with con
temptuous jndifference. Nowadays, hap
pily, we' consider it a positive duty to pre
serve and cultivate all the gifts entrusted
to us by nature, and to try to turn de
fects into attractions, for every one— tho
maiden of sixteen, or the matron of sixty
—can be in some way pleasing, and
should be; "the woman who does not
please Is a false note in the harmonies of
nature."
Although we may not all be radiant
beauties. It is something each owes to her
self to take care that her good points are
not allowed to deteriorate through neg
lect of the many details which go to make
up the personality. This means that we
are to get on more intimate terms with
Hygela; learn her ways and follow them.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Nearly all women might easily Be niorh
healthy than they are, and consequently
far more fascinating and beautiful.
It may seem that so much has already
been written about beauty and how to
letain it that there is absolutely nothing
left to say. Since the time of Cyrus' old
grandfather, Astyages, who used to put
paint around his eyes; since the reign of
Cleopatra, who daily bathed her dusky
complexion in .rose water and benzoin—
since those old dead and gone times, up
to the present moment, new, interesting
and valuable theories and suggestions re
garding personal charms are constantly
being advanced. It seems worth while
occasionally to consider some of the im
portant and novel points bearing on the
subject— in other words, to get all the
hclu wo can in the cultivation of beauty.
The Throat, Shoulders and Arms.
An important first consideration ia the
throat, shoulders and arms — do they pos
sess the correct artistic curves and the
proper alabaster whiteness?
The cultivation of artistic curves and
fair, clear skin, in throat, shoulders and
arms is worth some little consideration
for every woman who includes therein
her weapons of atttraction.
The throat should be round, full and
pillar-like.
The shoulders should be sloping and
not too broad, but rather too broad than
too narrow.
The arm' to reach the standard of classic
beauty should have a rounded outline,
with no sharpness at the elbowa. and
tapering gently down to a well-shaped,
not too large wrist.
Before attempting to whiten the skin,
endeavor to remove sunburn, tan and
moles, which naturally la not the work of
a moment. However, wonders may be
accomplished In a comparatively short
irme by persevering treatment. Elrctrl
city is one remedy for moles, but tljere
are others. Cover the white skin around
the mole with a toilet cream, and then
«pply acetic acid for several nights until
the mole disappears. The acid must not
touch the white skin and should be put
on with a tiny camel's hair brush. For
removing sunburn and tan use:
Citric acid 1 oz.
Violet water ' .2 oz.
Glycerin 2 oz,
Apply with a linen pad before retiring;
In the morning bathe the skin with warm
water. Rain water is always preferable
for the bath.
The throat, shoulders and arms may all
be treated to this bath. After a thorough
washing with soap and warm , water,
sponge the skin with rum and Ice cold
rose water in equal quantities. Rum gives
tone to the flesh and makes it feel de
lightfully satiny to the touch. Then with
a flesh brush go over every inch of the
skin until it glows and tingles. It' Is the
brush that quickens blood vessels into ac
tion and revives circulation. Follow this
with a thorough massage with a cream
much used by Oriental women; it Is
called
MECCA BALSAM,,
Oil of white poppy ,, 8 oz!
Oil of sweet almonds 8 oz.
Spermaceti 2 oz.
White wax l oz.
Mecca Balsam Vi oz.
Melt the wax and spermaceti, add the
oil of poppy and almonds, and beat to
gether until they cream, then add the
balsam and one gill of rose water, rub
bing until it will take no more rose wa
ter', and breaks away in flakes or lumps.
Put into a jar and cover with a little
rose water. Violet water may be substi
tuted for rose water, if preferred. A word
as to balsam.' To such 1 an extent was a
love of perfumes carried in ancient
Greece and Rome that each part of the
body must havo its peculiar unguent; the
neck and arms required balsam; the
cheeks and breast, palm oil; the liair,
sweet marjoram; the knees, wild thyme,
and the feet and legs, sweet ointment.
The court at Versailles had a special per
fume for each day with Louis XIV to
superintend the making.
This, however, is a digression. After
treating the throat, shoulders and arms
with balsam cream, powder the ekln
lightly with alum, starch and carmln*.
pounded to a fine powder, and sifted
through bolting cloth. Alum, white sugar,
gum arable, pounded and sifted, then
made into a paste with water, is good for
blotches in the skin.
Having by this time achieved a white
throat, and it is the throat only that is
just 'now .under consideration,' it must
next be made full and round. Unsightly
hollows on each side of the collar bone
must be filled out. '
1. Bend the head slowly forward, un
til the chin touches the neck, then slowly
raise the head to Its normal position. Re
peat these movements fifteen times.
2. Bend the head backward as far as
possible, and then raise to its normal po
sition; repeat the movement.
3. Bend the head sideways, two times
to the right and as many to the left.
4. Roll the head slowly to the right, to
the left— and then forward.
5. Stand before the mirror, and attempt
to draw out and down the corners of the
mouth. It will probably take some time
to accomplish this; only persevere; when
you are able to get control of the muscles
you will see the cuticle of the entire front
of the neck move upward. The muscle la
attached to the cuticle of the chin, and
around nearly the whole length of the
lower jaw; its lower insertions are at
tached to the cuticle of the chest, and
when in contraction it pulls the corners
of the mouth downward, .and the cuticle
of the chest upward.
Now this is the prescription: Apply the'
remedy; be faithful to yourself, and I
give you my word that in time— perhaps
two weeks— the outward and visible result
is going to be a roundness and fullness of
throat which approaches the artistic
model.
It will be well to pay heed to some com
mon sense rules, having brought your
neck Into fairly good condition.
Don't bathe in hard water; soften It
with borax.
Don't bathe while very warm, and only
occasionally in cold water.
Give the neck aa much freedom and air
ns possible. High "chokers" and> the stiff
llnpn In which tailor-made and athletic
young women delight are the worst foes
to a beautiful neck.
Another thing which shoemakers and
physicians will tell you to do is to wear
loose shoes and very thin stockings. This
will give the feet the nearest approach
possible to barefoot ease and be an excel
lent thing for the whole body.
34
TH LIFE
STORY
OF THE
gT the recent' passing away of Mrs.
, Margaret Eleanor Crocker, widow
of the' late Judge R. B. Crocker,
the suffering and unfortunate lost
' a fdendand California Is deprive!
of the presence of one of. her most, hon
cred and charitable women. In her heart
"true charity, & plant dlvlnely^riuraed."
grew and 'blossomed, ..and she scattered
abroad the' flowers always with sweet and
beneficent j Impulse. '"< And- In return she
■was honored In "her own country" to an
extent to which even few sovereigns have
attained, and -which makes one have a
greater faith in the gratitude of human
ity.' ■ :■■■■. ■ •..-■ .. '..
Sacramentans. always noted for their
pride In thejr prominent cifzens and their
beautiful* city, remember as a day ever
memorable; May C..18S5. On that day took
place a noral festival In cejebration of
the sift by Mrs. •Crocker to the city of
Sacramento" of the magnificent Crocker
Art Gallery. This gallery was built by
her husband. Judge .Crocker, on his re
turn from. Europe, and was. just in the
rear of their, elegant home at Third and
O streets, which was formerly the old
.Hastings place. It is full of art treasures
.comprised in the gift? of .Mrs. Crocker,
consisting of 700 oil paintings selected by
the Judge abroad and some 3330 selected
studies in portfolios and steel <piat£. col
lections of >the most famous galleries of
the.world. The richly adorned art school
room and library are now considered as
the center ■ of -or. 2 of the best art schools,
of hie United States. : It has been of un
told elevating and educational advantage
to the city of Sacramento. As a- gift It
represented a value of $750,000 and was *
for the free use of the people for all time.
The floral festival which thfcrgift called
forth from the warm-hearted Sacramen
tans lasted two days and has probably
never been equaled "as a season of per
fume and blossom anywhere in the world.
.The schools, factories and business housoa .
of the" city closed and all U16 churches and'
fraternal societies participated in the
event.,' The floral, reception to -Mrs.
Crocker and many of the ceremonies were
held in the great Agricultural building: of
the State Exposition, which with its' gla3S
v/alls and cruciform shape lent itself ad
mirably to the bewilderingly beautiful en
semble of the .affair. . Flowers came not
only, from the gardens : of Sacramento in
unrivaled profusion, but from % all over the
State in tons of quantity 'and made into
every, conceivable design. When Mrs.'
Crocker, in company with a picked escort
of ladles, drove to the .crystal reception
hall/the air was literally- filled with roses
and blossom's '. thrown by double lines of
school children dressed in white.. The hall
itself was divided into aisles of flowers
broken by t kiosks, bowers and temples, all
made' of flowers and capable of holding
many guests. -in* the center was a gay
Maypole, around which danced merrily a;
hundred or more children, winding it with
gay ribbons as 'they ' danced and sang.
Upona dais sat "Mrs Crocker, surrounded
by a retinue of prominent women, and as
S0OO school children passed In review be
fore Her each one laid a bouquet before the
dais, until the honored guest, she who al
ways 'wished 'to 'be ''plain without pomp
and rich -without ''show,'* sat enthroned
above a' solid' bank of blossoms that over
flowed anfl' entirely surrounded t3ie plat
form.' ' .*■ - •''■ } ' *';'.'. * '■■'
Fully 15,000 persons (tiled the pavilion
and joined in the homage to a benevolent
and kindly woman. A lady of San Fran- #
clsco j who was '.present describes tho
Bcene ( aa "an ovation worthy of a queen,"
and gays. that tears came into many eyes
besides these of tho recipient of so much
honor. In the, evening a grand ball was
Clven, and the Sacrumento Society of
California, Pioneers ,- presented Mrs.
CrocKer with four tablets of solid gold
nnd silver, representing epochs In the his
tory of California. .
Mrs. Crocker before her marriage was
a Miss Rhodes, ghe was born In Akron,
Ohio, on February 25, 1822. Her parents
wtre of German' descent and she wae one
of a large family of brothers and sisters.
Her parents died when she was quite
young and her girlhood , was spent with
a married sister, Mrs. Anna L. .Bender,
in South Bend, Ind. ,Here Bhe 'is re
membered by friends as .*'a Btately, tine
looking girl, kindly always,' a regular
•weet,\ old-fashioned girl." She was a
good vocalist and a prominent member of
lb.3 choral society of the town, as wat
also R B. Crocker, then a prominent
.young attorney it South Bend. He was
married andlMargaret Ithodes' was Ids
wlfo>. friend, and assisted In nursing her
in inntsR.JTha- wire died leaving a young
daughter.; and then the two singers found
thr-lr liparts' ■drifting. toVether. In 1853,
with blessing's following her, . Margaret
Rhodes left her home in South Bend -to
Join Mr. Crocker in New rbrkldirtieW
the two were married by the Rev." Henry
Ward Deecher and immediately took ship
for California via Panama. ' : ;'
Then began some of the best and hap- •
Plest years in Mrs. Crocker's long and
useful life. They went [ to* Sacramento,
where E. B, Crocker took a partner, and
the law linn of Crocker & Robertson was
started. . They had ups and downs, but
always a competence. - The Judge 1 was a
prominent abolitionist, a leaning rather
frowned upon at that time in California,
and they lived very quietly. Then came"
the appointment of . Mr. Crocker as .
Judge of the Supreme Court of Califor
nia in 1S63, a position in which he is said
to have rendered more decisions than any
other Judge before or since. .Then he be
came the early counsel for the Central
Pacific Railroad, of which his brother/
Charles Crocker, -was .one of the organ
izers,- and was closely identified with the
building of the road. He made out tfie
incorporation papers and later gave much
time v and study to the affairs of the road.
Mrs. Crocker always had a loving re
membrance "of Saernmento on account of'
those days of stress, as so many of the
other railrcad people have. By- the
death of Mrs. .Crocker ; - Mrs. Jane Stan
ford is left as the only remaining woman
who was the wife of a man who was one
of the original group of Central Pacific
organizers; With the improvement in His
fortunes Judge. Crocker *bought a .large
block 6f land at ths •corner of Third and
O streets ir. Sacramento, containing 1 the
home of Hastings, a well-known banker
of the time. This locality was well known
as a great social center. He hart tho,
house entirely remodeled and made more
than 1. elegant, and Mrs. Crocker enter
tained most lavishly there, particularly
when her daughter, Amy, was just grow
'in.T into womanhocd. At ' the rear he
built his art gallery, and on the oth2r
side of his house he built a rfandsome
housefor Mrs. Charles Scudder, • his
daughter Mary, of whom her stepmother
w«.s always very fond." She is now Mrs.
Walker of Connecticut.
Through study and • overwork Judge
Crocker , was attacked with brain -trouble
and for ten years or thereabouts he was
Was
One of
thrMost
Charitable
Women v
nf
n up 1
California-
THE SUSP'DAY CALL.
LATE
MARGARET
CROCKER.
practically an Invalid and some of the
time ho was seriously ill. During all this
time until his death in Sacramento about
twenty years ago Mrs. Crocker gave up
all other interests, even those of her chil
dren, in her complete devotion to her hus
band. In these years her kindly, even na
ture stood her in good stead. After her
husband's death she became Interested in
spiritualism and for some years followed
its teachings. .
Always she displayed a trait which is
not considered a common one among peo
ple who have been so richly blessed in
this world's goods, for at the time: of
•Judge Croqker's death, his estato was
worth about eight million dollars, which
has been preserved and added to since.
This trait was her care and affection for
her relatives who did not happen to be In
affluent circumstances. Sometimes her
beneficence took the form of building
houses, for which she had quite a hobby.
She sometimes would take distarrt cousins,
or even proteges of no blood ties, whom
she became interested in, educated them
and started them In business. If they
were married or needed a home she would
put them in one of her new houses and
let them pay a small rent. If at the end
of a certain time, usually a short one,
they were getting along well and were at
tentive to business, she would deed the
house over to them. Many are. the
Christmas gifts she has made in this man
ner. • ' - . . '
She built the Crocker mansion in L03
Angeles and also a hotel there, ; which
latter she turned over to a nephew. She
virtually adopted young Elwood Bender;
son of Wilson Bender, a relative in Los
Angeles, when the boy's mother died. She
did" for him as her. own son, advanced
him in every way possible. 'He Is now
married and a successful banker of El
mlra, N. Y.~ ''■.■■ ■ ' ■■/ ""?:■ \
She was always very fond of young peo
ple and her home was full of them as
,long as she was able to. have it so. She
gave them a royal good time in the gener
ous v.ay that was part of her nature and
at her side when she died were two young
women who will grieve for her most sin
cerely, They were her adopted daughter,
Gladys Ashe, daughter of Mrs.. Jackson
Gouraud, formerly. Mrs. Porter Ashe. and
Miss Evelyn Lawton, daughter of Charles
Lawton, former Lieutenant Governor of
the State of Washington. Miss Lawton's
mother was a niece of, Mrs. Crocker. Miss
Gladys Ashe is now a pretty young girl of
17 or thereabouts and was a great favorite
with her adopted mother.
It was in Sacramento, where all of Mrs.
Crocker's children were born, that her
philanthropy found freest expression.
One of the tenderest of motives actuating
her projects \was found in the Bell Con
servatory. .. ',. > •
This enterprise was started by Mrs.
Crocker with the idea of making another
ft Patron
of Art
'and Ever
Ready to
Assist
Those Who
Were
Deserving
of Help
ornament to the beautiful city which sha
always loved, and It was Intended that
the poor could always apply there and re-'
celve flowers to decorate the graves of
their dead free of charge. She also want
ed to show what could be grown in the
way of many varieties of plants with the
aid of the favorable climate and soil of
Sacramento. But it grew, to be such a
trouble and expense that she. presented
the conservatory to a relative living In
Sacramento.
In 18S3 some charitable women of Sac
ramento started a fund and were engaged
in organizing a home for old men and
women. They bought a certain block of
land with a house, the old Whitney place,
but soon found that they had undertaken
more than they could easily carry
through. It was then that Mrs. Margaret
Crocker came to the front- and offered to
take the place oft their hands and endow
It as a home for old ladies only. She
remodeled the house, endowed the insti
tution at a cost of- $130,000 and it was thus
that the well known Marguerite Home for
Old Ladles' in Sacramento came into ex
istence. It is intended for the better class
of gentlewomen, who have not place* in
which to spend their declining years, and
the admittance fee is §1500. The home will
accommodate about -twenty live old. la
dies. It is pleasantly situated, and in the
midst of a beautiful garden. It is under
the direction of a board of lady managers -
and there. Is much peaceful rest and hap
piness there.' >
Mrs. Crocker spent much time in Sun
Francisco in the mansion at the corner of
Washington street and .Van Ness avenue,
when Mrs. Porter Ashe wa3 living there.
That house was a wedding present from
Mrs. Crocker to her daughter Amy. Somo
few years ago, finding that two of her'
daughters— Jennie, ' who married Senator ,
J. Sloat Fassett of . New York, and Amy,
• now Mrs. Jackson Gouraud— were apt to
be permanently away from her, she de
cided to remove to New York to be near
them. She did :so and. has since resided ■
at Larchmont Park, New York, where
she had a most, beautiful home, her
grounds 1 adjoining those of her daughter
Amy. Sacramento received another gift
as' a consequence of Mrs. Crocker's re-
mo\al to New York. Sho presented her
handsome' mansion '.'"♦ Third „ and O
streets, "which must have been full of the
memories ;of her first and happiest Cali
fornia days for her, to a local charity for
the purpose of a Rescue Home. Since
• then she has lived very quietly, never
having sought to live in society at any
time In her life purely for her own pleas
ure. ' >., : . ■ . .;/ ■ •
Mrs. Crocker had three other children,
now deceased. Katie, the e'deet, married
J. O'B. Gunn of Sun Francisco. The otli- "
era were a daughter Nellie and a son who
,died in infancy. Two years ago Mrs.
Crocker paid a visit to San Franc sco anil
began the 'erection of a home at the cor- ■
ncr of Franklin and Clay streets. Find-
Ing' upon her return to New York that
shei* would remain there permanently, the.
house was.; sold without her ever haying '.
seen it. "One of her San Francisco chari
ties was the endowment of two beds in
the Woman's Hospital. ■
• Always, of the most simple tastes, sho !
found in the quiet of her life at Larch
mont a restful spot in which to pass her
. declining years. -Her own life was not •
free from troubles, but she believed, evil
„ of.;no one ami' lost* much of the sting' of
her own ' cares in, h,er , constant* care for
others. One of her greatest pleasures at
Larchmont was to take a couple of ser
vants and spend the day In the wools,
near the water 1C possible, for she always
loved nature. With her wealth she waa
the object of constant applications fOi^
financial help from all sorts and condi-
tions gf people, and always made it a
point to send a courteous answer to these
letters, if "possible. In some cases she did
extend help to perfect strangers. If she
found they were deserving and had made
gome effort to help themselves, which waa
always a. recommendation to her charity.
She was always unostentatious, kindly
and approachable to all— qualities which
endeared her to the people of Sacramen
to, particularly in the early days when
the amenities of life were perhaps less
thought of.
.At the beginning of the Ions illness
which resulted in her death Mrs. Crocker
had just purchased and moved into a new
house on East Forty-ninth street, New
York, and had the pleasure of seeing her
daughter, Mrs. Gouraud, settled in a new
home very near by her. Then, at the ago
of 7!) years, this true-hearttd woman of
"gentle soul, to human race a friend,"
passed peacefully away surrounded by her
loved ones. She leaves a number of rela
tives in Sun Francisco to mourn and cber-
Jsh her memory. Her asheB will be
brought to Sacramento to rest beside
those of her late, husband.
Sacramento hes sent from her city gatea
a long" list of citizens who have distin
guished themselves in the world, but none
left behind a sweeter, purer memory than
did the late Mrs. Margaret Crocker.
She gave her honors to the world again;
Her Messed i'urt to heaven, and slept Id pcae*.
56
TUB SUNDAY CALL.THE
ROSE
OF
SHARON
THE SUNDAY CKhiL
I am the Rose of Sharon It was I
Whe caught the reddest sun-beams in the sky
And gathered in the fragrance of the air,
«ind held rt high within my chalice fair
Twas I who saw the Light in Bethlehem's Star
1 saw the Wise Men. gathered from afar.
1 heard the angels voice from Heaven, when
.It sang of peace on Earth: Good Will to Mem
The Master came that way* I stretched my stem'
Until ti reached and touched his garments heni
And in thai touch a whispered message grew -
A message from the Father unto you!- >
-Stay, (air sweet Rose, the garments seemed to say
'$m**l Rose, with the wisdom of all yesterday-?/
i*Stay thou. and with thy petals wide unfurled.
- rBc thou a Christmas gift to all the- world's
,JZbe Hose, of Sbaron.
One* by the snimng sea of GalileeV
A Virgin saw me .fearlessly
She plucked me from my bristling stem and bore
Me. cruel thorns and all. away with her].
1 am the Rose of Sharon 1 Once -\
' Along a lowly path on which I knew
Hts blessed feet would tread. And standing there
He would behold a rose, waiting and fair I;
78
THE SUNDAY CALL.Text not available10
Wow' mere, rtiari beautiful The shroud
€'/dead Li^bt in The moon- mad north.'
darcat fall ford*-fippin$ stars stand forth.
The cchalt' biuc knows not a cloud _
;Thc mountains all •about in white.
Af l<rtsf we saw, op, seemed To see,
Above. beyond, another World
Karup the icy path there curled
A red -vein edcieud , ca canopy
That topped the fearful, ice- built peak
Thatseemed to prop the very porch
@f Ct od ,&nd then ,as if& Torch
Burned dim. there flashed a fiery
iuncdo^s"saf down ,wc sat the sled
-And watched the torch, the rim of red .
Th<2 little wooly .dogs, they knew!
They thrusf their noses oufand up,
They drank the Ji^hfas from a cup; y
their little 'feel 1 , so worn, so true,
Could scarce keep Quiet for delight.
\ They knew, they kn cw, how much They
The mighty breaking up of ni^hf! "'
' Their bri^hi" cyes f sparkled with such Joy
[ that we la^'should.s'cc the lighti
The , grinding, stream below,
JFustone wide sTrcarn and seam ofsnow!
The Itcc^ han^.wh.ite as hooded nun "
Ho tWm&, not white . not one, nof; one
All day, all day, all ni^ht^all ns^hT
Nay , nay, Hierc is not d&y nornidhf
Just whil'enes's > wh!l*ene9c» /^hasny white
Made doubly white by that mad moon,
And sweet chords jangled outof tune! ♦
& " - 1 ■
THE SUNDAY CALL.
AN ARCTIC DAWN
Iha tanacrn suadcn broke ali nils,
uhe dogs, so &!ad Jbejy scarce coiuJd
Swun^bcack.cach leaping like a bof r<ard !
Lei" loose from some dark, u&ly school
Leapt up and tried to IkK a hand
How -suddenly Obds fing,er 3et
A crimson ffmver on that height
Above the battered walls of ni^hf » .
Alittle space it Flourished yet
And then His an^cl, His firsf- born,
[Burst through the primal bars ofmorn f
.Mis ri^ht hand held a sword of flame
IHisleFf hand javelins of li^ht.
And fhcnswsf^dtfwn^down^dsHvn hecrf
iliiis redwing widens the wide sK> j
AndHg,hland Icf^and hip and thigh,
Hie smote the mar^haJJed liosfe oFni^ii!"!
The ice-heaped pali^adc->,ttic hi^b
[Hicaved peaks fhat propt(jodk house the
Tbat flamed above.Hieprison bars
Were burned To ruin andwerc not.
The scared moon paled «Eind she forgot
Her force and place and turned to fly,
Then^lad dawn shook her raiment wide,
As some proud woman satisfied,
Tripfocd,exultant, fill her form ,
A^ucen above some battle £to rim
Klazcd with the the dcli^hf f
©f battle with fhehosfe of ni^hf. |
And ni^ht was broken, Li^hr at lasf^\
possessed the Yukon, Death wa&pasf.\THE SUNDAY CALL.
1112
£$7\ ?? ANTOWN" had been snowed in forty
• I \/\ days. It was on the night before a
■* I Christmas thc thing happened which I am
JL going to tell you. You will not find Man-
town on the map of California, for the rea
,on Chat it mostly ceased to be before thc map was
made.
It was named Mantown because there was not a
woman in it. The Parson insisted that for that same
reason it should have been named a name found largely
hi sacred history — thc road to which, it is said, is paved
with good intentions. , .
The Parson was my partner and we cabined together
vith "Polaris." Polaris was our other' partner. He
sjid he came from thc north pole. I never believed it.
When the Parson, who was an early riser, threw the
wet floursack he had wiped his hands atid face on at my
head and said: "The old lady up there's pickin' her
geese, Tom," and Polaris and I looked out and saw the
feathery white flakes falling, we laughed. When it kept
on and on till the snow was nine feet deep the laugh was
on thc other side of our mouth. The snow settled and
froze, and we were in for it.
There was whisky enough and provisions enough, so
that we did not fear dying of thirst and hunger, but we
were pining for amusement.
Forty days and forty nights shaking dice and playing
poker at the Red Goose had become monotonous. Th*
Red Goose was a saloon. Thc way it got its name war
this — which is also the beginning of the end of the thins
that happened. It was all finished, the saloon. was. and
ready for business, and a big smooth signboard wait
ing to be painted, but there wasn't a man there cou'kI
paint it. We were falling into the way of speaking of i;
as "Old Bob's" when along came a dandy-looking
young chap with pants cut smaller at the ankle than at
the knee*, and boothccls four inches high and tapered
down to the sire of a two-bit piece, lie wore a soft
s-louch hat, an embroidered flannel shirt, and had a 'red
tiiU sash tied around his waist.' He said he was "broke'
and looking for a job.
Old Bob asked him if he could paint a sign for the
saloon. He asked what kind of a sign was wanted.
Old Bob told him he wanted a figure of great originality
::nd one that would tell the name without any printed
matter. He always put on airs in his speech when he
thought he knew more than the other fellow did, and
the- dandy chap was modest-looking, in spite of his
clothes.
Weil, the stranger took the job, and when it was
dene and put up over the door and old Bob came out
to size it up he was roaring mad. He swore he wouldn't
I»ay for it. The figure painted on it was a big red
goose. The painter called all the town to prove that
he had painted according to order by asking each one
separately what it was. Every one of them said. "Red
goose." He then asked pointedly if it was not of "great
originality" and every one to a man said it was the
first red goose they had ever seen. So old Bob had to
pay for the sign and set up the drinks besides. After
they had settled it the dandy chap sat down to a game
of poker in the saloon which he had christened, and in
the morning of the next day walked out of it and left
with all the available gold of the town; in his pockets.'
That was the beginning of Mantowh. We worked
like beavers all summer and fall— dug and drifted and
picked and shoveled and panned and sluiced and
<l?.mmed — gambled and fought and drank — and dreamed
of home. "
Then the snow fell. Forty days snowed in had de
piessed us. That night we felt. as though something
were going to happen, and we wished it would.
Old Bob was getting uneasy; «he was afraid the men
would cease to patronize him and go in for a camp
meeting or something just to break the monotone of
the situation.
It was that night I spoke of — the night before Christ
mas. The boys kept a roaring fire in the fireplace and
tried to keep the cheer going, but it was too plainly an
effort— -all except at the card tables. The most improb
able things always happen without warning. In at the
door of the Red Goose, like a bird blown from the
night, came a -shivering, oldish-looking man. His hair
was long and a stubbly beard hid the under half of his
face. He was lost, he said, and nearly fioze, and had
the rheumatism and wanted to warm at the fire.
We all stood back and let him have the fire to him
self. He stretched his long, slender fingers in the
warmth of the large blaze, warmed his feet at it and
tiirned his back to warm. His eyes wandered round the
bic. ugly room and lit en the piano.
The proprietor— it always pleased old Bob to be
called the "proprietor" — said that piano had cost him a
bucketful of gold and nobody ever played two ounces*
worth on it yet. He expected a different sort of a
town when he had it brought up.
The man at the fire set his glance so -questioningly on
the instrument that Polaris volunteered to tell him tint
it was a "pyanner," and asked him if he could play on
the ' critter.
He said he used to play a little, and began to rub his
hands together. In a minute a dozen of voices were
urging him to play. He said he was afraid his fimjers
were too stiff. They gave him a drink of whisky and
seated him at the piano. He ran his fingers along the
keys several times and began to play. The men looked
HU T<<T, eir r^, t r H r e ?> layed tIie P iece throu s h and'
I-art of The Girl I Left Behind Me," and stopped to
mb his hanas and straighten his fingers
r J hc J brought him a glass of hot whisky and some
earned thlngs to eat> a do2cn men d c
hvoen Pn T eget0Pa r th , C W Thc ™notony was
«tntk out o man PhyCd P^ Ce aftCr piecc « a »d then
nrnck out on an accompaniment of "Home Sweet
M^rMwMB i H ill
am«Wl *ta«i and .hrilled us with U°,'"S Z°l~-
No other such music, no other such voice, had dis-
THE PROMISE OF THE NEW YEAR
collar turned up and his hat pulled down over his eyes
and murder-self-murder-in his heart.-
The world had gone wrong with him in every way Jte
had wasted lu> small patrimony in dissipation, and when
It was gone the woman who had helped him scatter it had
thrown him over for another victim. For the last week hi
had been drinking heavily to "drown his sorrow " but not
succeeding he had come to the bemuddled conclusion that
the next best thing was to drown himself. For this reason
he was sitting on the Goat Island side of the ferry-boat
end waiting-dominated by the ghastly whim which has
sent so many others overboard at that same spot— untJ'.
the wheel paddles should beat along the border of the well
known "graveyard" of the bay.
The saloon door opened and a girl and an old man,
both laden with bundles, came out— the man with a ranch
er's sun-browned face, stooping shoulders and toll-hard-
AT THE SIGN OF THE RED
GOOSE
trrbed the atnrosphcrc of Mantown.. Polaris swurts
afierward thc£ the dead ftic-i utiV.c<l zp and listened..
I remember the Parson ivas sitting in lib favorite at'
tilude, his chair tilted back and bra bootheels on the to?)
of the bar. He gpt up and kfc^aed a chunk farther baci
into the fire aivd stood kpokxtig ii the bla^r..
The men dropped theb* cartis end their eTbovs on
the table 'and rested their faces in their hamls and lis
tened. Some others went c»*cr b tire window, and
lcoked out into the white, cold ■ rcrcronTHtfrt
Line after line the song thai lias gladdctred and sad
fieacid the -wanderer from home wherever the Englisii
lungtjE is rilled that rendczve-t:?., Ixiismled with odors o.f
brtrKt tobacco end dead wlrreky sad rank wita bias
j;"hcm7 and imtrdcr, and purified it— -sad £bs hjcarts of
ths Kicn who made it £rotIier.T..
There where you sec that dark stain on the floor
which water never v.culd wash out is the spot where
yotmg Thad Marblchead died with an oath in his mouth,
and over there where you see that greasy-looking spot.
on the wall is where a dab of Jim Farrington's brains
Stuck and. stayed till it dried and his partner scraped it
off with his bowie-knife.
But all of these were forgotten in the glory of the
encd hands, the girl, plainly his daughter, tall, straight
and comely after the wholesome, honest country fashion.
The close warmth of the "brilliantly lighted interior had
driven these two out into the damp coolness of ■ the en
veloping fog, and the man sitting just before the wheel
emerged from the gloomy calm of his dying meditations
to swear roundly, under his breath, as they sat down near
him. , .
Then he raised his head and looked at them surlily,
mentally cursing the relentless >fate which "even at this
last minute interfered between him and his nearly accom
plished plan. He must go to the other side of the boat
now; but as he rose and the light from the saloon windows
fell on his' face the girl put out her hand suddenly and
cordially.
"Why, Jim!" she exclaimed with frank friendliness:
arid then: "How oddly things happen! This is the first
time I've come down to the bay since I, came back from
Nevada, and here you are; that, none of us have seen nor
heard of for over three years!"
And then "father" , greeted the old-time "neighbor's
boy" in' friendly fashion also and made room for him to
sit between them that they might share his welcome pres
ence equally.
It was impossible to get away from them at once with
out absolute rudeness: and after the first the man who
had cherished the thought of death in his heart all that
long wretched day did not feel that, he wished to. He
THE SUNDAY CALL.
stranger's music and- voice. The piano took life under
his fingers and sang with him; the spider-webbed
rafters vibrated with his song. All other /sounds
ceased. The barkeeper leaned against the bar with
could attend to that matter Just as well on the return
trip, . and meanwhile it was pleasant, during these fast
ebbing minutes of his doomed life, to talkof old times and
old friends, and this breath from his old country home
seemed to blow the cobwebs from hla drink-drugged brain
and give him fleeting glimpses of possibilities that might
have been his were it not now irrevocably too late.
He^jvent with them to their train, helping to carry their
bundles and piloting them safely through the bewildering
eddies of the pushing/ elbowing, excitedly hurrying crowd
that the boat disgorged upon the Oakland dock. Then, as
In the car he busied himself for a last minute in arrang
ing for their comfort, some vague ' heavenly hint of hia
dire need of. instant unquestioning human* help! came out
of the Invisible and touched the girl's white soul. >
She looked with sudden comprehension at his worn
face,, his somber eyes and his tremulous hands, and then
as he_raised his hat and turned to leave them she caught
his sleeve with timid, entreating fingers. ' . : -
"Come and begin the New Tear with us," she said.
"The city has 'not been kind to you, but the country al
ways was. You will grow back to your old self up In the
foothills, and afterward— if you care to stay— there is work
in plenty." • 1 . .
, ' He looked down at her, upturned face and the insistent
voices that had all day been calling him from the bay's
always yearning "graveyard"', grew. fainter and died into
silence.
"Come with us," echoed the father, and the light pres
sure of. the girl's flngers on his arm held him captive.
The train shuddered Into motion, and then, moving
faster and faster through the crossllghts of the deserted
pier, bore tne three away toward 'the beckoning promise
of the New Year. FLORENCE MATHESON.
downcast eyes. Enchantment was there.
Plank by plank the blood-stained floor slipped out:
inch by inch the smoke-grimed walls dissolved; the
bottles and glasses melted away.
The thousands of miles of savage wilderness and
trackless desert they had conquered to reach this golden
fringe of creation were not. And out of the pure white
moonlight and the diamond-crystaled snow stole in the
faces and_forms at home, sweet home.
Little clinging arms crept round their necks, -baby
lips caressed their bearded faces, happy tears of wives
and mothers and sisters fell on their shoulders, timid
sweethearts yielding coyly to embraces veiled their eyes
EPISODE OR A CHRISTMAS TREE
IT happened over In the Mission last year, and It made
such a sensation in its own way that it bids fair to
become one of the Christmas classics of the neighbor
hood In which It occurred.
They were having the Christmas tree In the Sunday
school room, and the beautiful green cone-shaped flr was
ablaze with lights, glittering with gay decorations and
loaded down with the tokens • of affection and good will
•which the parishioners were exchanging among themselves
and their children, 'f.f. ",;■ /'• •*
Name after name was called by the Jolly old Santa
Claus, who acted as master of ceremonies, and their own
ers blushingly ran the gauntlet of curious eyes from their
seats to the platform, to return smiling and gift-laden.
. Jlmmie I Smith, a freckle-faced youth of some eleven
winters, sat with some of his chosen companions on a
bench just In front of his parents, nearly In the, center of
the hall. The Smiths — these particular Smiths, at least —
were, comparatively recent additions to the church family,
as they had come from the East within the year, but they
had already achieved a mild sort of popularity among their
new acquaintances, for they dressed well, apparently lived
well and were, seemingly, in .every way "nice people to
know." . ■';-■
Their gifts to each other" on this public occasion had
been expensive and elegant enough to fill the" mlnda of all
present with respectful admiration, in some cases shad
owed by a faint cloud of envy. Mrs. Smith had received
to hide the gladness in then, fathers and brother*
grasped their liands and jostled them with rougher : oy.
There was a grand roll of sen- and sound, a low. slow
wail of melody, a snap, twang, and silence
Tl:c men waited, each in his attitude or &&*£*&*
the leneth of a breath, and then one b.ff. cor \ c ?™?*
siah broke the stillness. By one. and twos and threes
Shout a Vord or a sign, they went out into the silence
Cr tt th theToor of each lonely cabin, with his hand on
the nde latch, a miner paused under the siRhinR pin«
and the solemn midnight stars and turned his face to the
STiitS would be a good place to stop the story, but it
did not happen that way at the Red Goose '
The first ones in to get the.r mornins dram found
the nronrietor in a towering rage. He said he thoufrjtt
hat old musician a nugget forty karats fine that had fuj
rolled itself into. his hands for a Christmas^ present.
H had made'him a bed by the fire taking the K ri«ly
bear skin from his own bunk to make the floor «rfte?
or lUm. and told him there was plenty of wood m the
corner and for him u>t to help himself at the bar
And when he put his head in at the partition door and
clued "Christmas Gift" to wake the oM chap up to
breakfast he was gone. So was the .cmzlv skin ha
tfept on— so was the gold in the box on the wall end
of the bar; four thousand dollars in K old dust every
•ounce of it gone. 7
In its place he had found a piece of paper with some
lead-pencil scnbbhngs on it, which read:
Excuse my leave-taking unheard
And the hour, for my way it is far*
T T k l ng y ?. u , a3 a man ot your word?
I have helped myself at the bar.
For your kindness I pive this advice-
I painted your sign of the gooseT
- The laugh was on old Bob. -!
th e "?Da!fn«lsi „? U ' 8 a baseball! " "TOrted on, of
around thlVrr t ♦ " a CrOWd of sma11 *">*' clos «* ln
thaTcTtrSS *° rt " nat f Pirate to see what was lnsldo
It was a iTri 7 D ?f S <V D * l00kinff cov er*ns- But it wasn't.
" was a large solid silver, gold-lined mug with Jlmrnle's
S?nr Orna * te , l3r en !/ aved on »t» glisten" s^fron? SSy !
Jo ne a?p e r St e °n an3f boy ' but JimmIe 8Om • ~ ay **™"~
the F goId 3 mU°f C< V at rlch and b ««>«™ »Pedmea of
thence turned upL^h ta .ISi? *** dl3a PP°intment. an.l
hot resentment smiling mamma and papa withTHE SUNDAY CALL.
1314
■^r >"T "\ SEN Celia Curtis told John
\ A I Greyrigge that she did not
W \/ know whether she loved him or
Y V sot it waa the exact truth.
She knew that she admired
him. He was. without doubt, exceedingiy
admJrable. Everybody told her that he
•was a fine business man. She knew that
duty invariably came before pleasure and
there was a certain honest rugged
strength about him that expressed itself
not only in his daily actions, but in his
face and general bearing.
But was he lovable? This was one of
the questions that Miss Curtis asked her
self half a dozen times a day. Another
was. Could she love a man who was only
admirable? She had not answered cither
of these queries when she bade John
good-by on the deck of the Gaelic early
In July, nor did she answer them -when
she wrote to him from Japan. Every let'
ter she received from him began, ended
and centered with appeals to her to lova
him. to marry him. And she. with all a
woman's wit, replied to him but did not
answer him— just because she could not.
Love a man who would always put busi
ness first? How could she? Marry a man
'who. aa soon aa the honeymoon had
waned, would give her a place second to
"affairs"? Could she endure that? And,
yet, he was so good, so true and he did
love her so.
One afternoon late in November Miss
Curtis stood by the mail box in the Grand
Hotel at Yokohama, Indecision in every
line of her face and figure. A long blue
envelope was half in and half out of the
avaricious little iron mouth of the box.
but her fingers held one end. Out on the
blue bay the big liner waited. In the long
blue letter, if she mailed it, John would
read that Cella would, sail for home early
in December, that her boat would reach
Ban Francisco on December 21, that lf he
would dine with her on Christmas day
she would marry him. "You see," she
wrote, "I'm not absolutely sure yet and I
am leaving something to Fate. If Fata
will that I should be your wife, why. I'll
be there on time; but if she doesn't so
will, Bhe can hold me back, make me
miss the boat or something. Don't think
that.this 18 only a freakish acceptance of
all your love, John, but. oh, I'm not sure
and yet I know that I lo— like you, John.
I'll leave those first two letters of the
other word and give you the other two U
I see you on Christmas day."
But the blue letter still hung evenly
balanced in the open lid. Then Miss Cur
tis heard footsteps in the marble corridor;
she hastily relinquished lier hold on the
envelope and turned to confront the little
blue-coated official who was gathering up
the mail for the outgoing steamer.
"That's a good omen for John," com
mented Miss Curtis, and she laughed
lightly at the Idea of Fate disguising her
self In the livery of a Japanese postman.
A few hours later she watched her grimy
messenger bearing the letter out from
the land-locked harbor on Its way to her
lover.
The Gaelic sailed promptly and Miss
Curtis was safely on board. Fate had
thrown no obstacle in the way and Celia,
with occasional mutinous gleams In her
eyes and self-dlsdalnlng lips was already
contemplating herself in the light of a
dutiful wife, neglected— for business only,
of course— but stopping at home, attend
ing to the house, darning John's socks
and performing various other prosaic and
unromantlc duties. She knew only too
well all of Greyrigge's ideas about wives
and mothers. He had Impressed them well
upon her, and while she did not actually
regret her letter she still wondered if it .
was not very foolish to try to love a man
who was only admirable and who never, -
never, in all the world would have a ro
mantic idea or even think spontaneously
without duly weighing the consequences.
But immediately upon the tail of this
thought trod an Impudent Httl© query: In
spite of all that, though, isn't John lov
able?
For ten days and nights the Gaelic had
THE SUNDAY CALL.
A CHRISTMAS
IN YELLOW
rolled along ta her narrow path, on th«
captain's chart -when suddenly Miss Curtis
was awakened from her soundest sleep by
the sudden cessation of all noise. Th»
throbbing, pulsing heart of tha steamer
had ceased to beat, but, being a lay
eailor, the girl did not rightly construe the
silence; she turned over In her narrow
berth and permitted the waves to cradle
her back Into dreamland. In the morn
ing: there was the same stillness and on
deck she encountered the Information that
some alight accident had happened to tha
machinery, that there would N» a slight
delay. Slight? How slight? Oh. a day
er. at most. two. Two? The twenty-first
'jo the twenty-third, a close margin that
would mean. And would It surely not be
more than two days? Captain Hard,
Ignoring veracity for the sake of Impart
ing confidence and comfort to hla pas
sengers, answered, "Probably only one."
But Miss Curtis curled herself ud on
her deck chair In the shadow of the big
black sail and • contemplated the possibil
ities. For the first time she wondered If
John would think her letter too frivolous;
If he would be annoyed. But she knew
that she could, with half a dozen w-rd3.
dispel any such feelings on his part— If
ehe were there in time. And suddenly she
realized that she wanted— wanted desper
ately to be there on time and the mora
ehe realized how John would look at de
•ay the more she longed to keep her tryst.
Some fifty hours clanged themselves off
r>n the ship's bells and on Cella's nerves
before the welcome thud of the engines
were heard again and even then Miss
Curtis was not comforted because among
'.he passengers passed ominous whispers
about a necessarily slow passage and as
the days crawled by she saw or thought
she saw a scarcely concealed anxiety on
the faces of the shin's officers.
At last, however, the ocean was crossed
and every one knew that land was close
at hand. On the afternoon of the twenty
third. Just before sunset, a pray sea. mist
rose up and shut out the line where sea
and sky met. but it was more than a sea
mist that blurred Miss Curtis' vision, for
this.- of course, meant more delay. Then
a report ran through the ship* that the
Fnrallones had been sighted. But before
the joyous tumult had subsided came the
captain's decision that he would He to
and wait for morning and the rising of
the mist.
The morning dawned clear and bright.
Tho pilot came .aboard, the city's papers
were handed to the passengers, but every
eye, every thought was on the land, the
low-lying-, dun-colored hills, the narrow
gate opening: between them, the dull, red
fort and Tamalpais rising from the sea.
Busy little tugs came pufflly forward, the
health boat leading. In Its wake the malls
and customs.
And now up from the steamer rose a
cry, low and almost Inaudible at first, but
swelling Into a howl and pitching down
Into a groan, on the steerage deck, above,
below, from all parts of the ship. For up
to the masthead went the yellow flag and
toward the quarantine station tha
steamer forged ahead.
Smallpox, abhorred and feared, had
broken out among the coolie passengers
In the steerage. At first there had been
only a few cases and these were mild,
almost problematical. Now It had de
clared Itself and a more or less prolonged '
sojourn In sight of home, but immeasur
ably separated from, was the only out
look. There was rage In every heart, but
In Celia's was despair. Why, oh, why.
had she been such a. fool aa to play with
Fate In this way? She could write to
John, perhaps, but however abject her de
spair, her apologies, would he not stand
by her own arbiter, by her own terms?
She saw no hope for anything from hla
stern, uncompromising nature, nor did
she realize that she was crediting him
with vast romanticism in believing that
ho would permit such an unbuslness-llke
creature aa Fate to play an Important
part in his life.
After a time letters and packages cama
from the home people to the prisoners.
Celia's mother wrote— a letter full of sym
pathy and motherly dread of the disease.
Her sister wrote warning her not to bo
vaccinated on her arm, "because evening
gowns have no sleeves," etc., etc. But
there was nothing from John — no mention
of him even in the borne letters, and Cella
was possessed with an instant dread that
her hateful letter had estranged him from
her, 1 from her family and that they would
not tell her.
The day wore away as days do, even In
quarantine, and Christmas dawned To
even try to make the best of things
seemed out of the question, but the cap
tain urged that nothing would be gained
by making the worst of them, so a Christ
mas dinner was prepared. To eat it would
be impossible, Cella felt, but to absent
herself from it would be absurd, so with
dire grief in her heart she made herself
ready for it.
Just before dinner was announced the
health officer's tug came alongside There
were more letters, more packages. Would
there be one from John? Celia turned
moody eyes to the door and there stood
John himself.
~",? h ;, John! " was all she said and "Oh,
Celia, was his only answer.
How, why or from where he had come
she did not ask, and later, when he ex
plained at length how— with what yards
of red tape and political favor— he had ac
complished the feat of boarding a Quar
antined vessel, she did not listen. Whv
he had come she knew. . -■,■'.
The other passengers were eating their
Christmas dinner and the lovers were
alone on deck.
T.V. Bu i lf y , ou can SO ashore, why can't
I?" she asked. "You've been as much
exposed as I have." ca
"But I can't go ashore." he answered.
She looked at him with widening eyes
"You must stay here until the quaran
tine la raised? But it may be weeks"
And in all those weeks I'll see you
?£'«,££& t. 1119 / 11 he »P n« to balance
the months I've been without you "
♦.'™^5 ut y0Ur bU3lneS9 . John?" Bhe in
wiK^swee^ear? rSK'^ C ° mPared <
abte d then Bh ° kn6W that John waa lov "THE SUNDAY CAIjIj.
1516
THE SUNDAY CALL.HER LOST YOUTH
OH, dear, I hope they won't cut down the holly
tree," said the little old woman.
"It would be 'a shame," I answered dreamily,
garing at the plat on the North Beach water
front where TO LET signs had caught my eye.
A broken fence and tumble-down wharf, a crop of weeds
and three tottering walls marked some former home; an
English holly tree, dark, glistening and prickly, over
ehadowed the weeds.
"Yes," I repeated with an unaccountable shiver. "It
would be a shame — the first English holly tree I have
seen growing in San Francisco."
"Shame," she cried petulantly, "it would be a crime.
Why, I planted it myself one Christmas long ago."
"You did?"
I turned to look at her; an exceedingly gray little
body; gray as to alpaca dress and worn shawl; gray as
to bonnet and hair; gray even to the face — that strange
face with dual expression as of two souls looking from
troubled eyes. -
She nodded her head. "Yes, I buried myself be
neath it."
"Oh," I cried cheerfully, "are you somebody's ghost?"
And she made answer sharply, "How can I be any
body's ghost but my own?"
Then I spoke softly. "Tell me your story and I will
put it in the papers."
She edged away and scanned me doubtfully. "Would
that help to save my holly tree?"
"Of course it would; the papers can do anything."
She hesitated, glanced nervously around, then with
a quaver in her voice: "Well, it's a bargain, and I sup
pose I had better begin at once. Fifty years ago — "
"0-o-o-o-o-o--h, only fifty?"
"Fifty years is a good age- in a young country," she
snapped.
Fifty years ago I gave up a good home to run after
a man's shadow; girls were romantic fools in those
days and I wasn't going to turn my back on the boy
who got into trouble on my account.
What had he done?
Forgery. Signed my own father's name, which was
the awkward part of it. Father would not prosecute,
for my sake and that of the family, but Ned was shipped
off to California with strict orders never to show his
face in Boston again, and I was told not to think of
him. Of course this set me thinking of him every day
of my life. When he went 'away he had my promise
and he knew I would keep it.
But Jacob and Rachel's love affair was nothing to
ours: posts from California were few; I was closely
watched and I heard never a word. Yet I waited and
believed, and when my twenty-first birthday came at last
and I realized the little sum left me by my mother, I
made my preparations. I chanced a letter, telling what
ship I was coming by. quarreled with my father, though
we loved each other dearly, and started off to face hard
ships with Ned. Dear old Ned, who had been my slave
from the days when he stole cherries for me and got
whipped for his pains to those latter days when he stole
pold, hoping to make enough money to win me! Let
ter or no letter, his instinct would bring him down to
the wharf, license and ring in his pocket, the very hour
we touched California.
Ned's instinct did nothing of the kind. How my
heart beat that morning when we passed through the
Golden Gate and 1 noted the watchers up by the sta
tion on Telegraph Hill. There were many eager to
■welcome the FJying Fish, which had made her record
trip of ninety-eight days, and Ned was sure to be among
them. But alas! on reaching the wharf I saw no familiar
foce among the polyglot crowd. Hour after hour I
united, till at last, in despair, I sallied forth to seek
lodgings. It was a dull day, the harbor looked muddy,
the quays were slushy, hotels and boarding-houses
seemed alike uninviting — all romance had vanished with
Xed's disappearance; it was a miserable position for an
inexperienced girl. I was picking my way down a
brawling street — Pacific, I think — when a woman in
tawdry finery jostled me and laughed coarsely. "Look
alive, Joe," she said, laying a red hand on the greasy
coat of the man ahead of her; "stir your stumps and
make room for the quality."
f I shrank away, while the man turned round stupidly:
our eyes met. I recoiled with a cry; he stared, while a
riay tint crept over his face, flushed with drink. Then
lie caught the woman's arm and disappeared.
THAT DRUNKARD'S FACE WAS WHAT I
HAD COME TO SEEK.
None ever knew of my misery, for I had inherited my
father's obstinacy. For a week I battled with physical
depression, then I roused and faced the situation. I
must earn money, for I had spent freely, and there was
no home with Ned for n:e now. But I had read heaps
of novels in which girls made fortunes and I thought
mone3'-getting an easy task. I soon discovered my
mistake. Governesses were not. in request, newspapers
preferred my advertisements to my contributions.
wstercolo"r sketches did not provoke enthusiasm.
Even domestic service was closed to a girl who could
scarcely make a cake and had never cut put a child's
gaiment. Other employments offered in abundance,
for a winsome woman who was not too particular could
command any salary in those wild days. But I vowed I
would never bring a slur on my father's name; I
might starve, but I would not follow Ned downhill. ■ -
Yet I. climbed down my own fashion: from the
Union Hotel to a cheap and nasty North Beach board
ing-house; then" one day, passing along, I saw this
place with its lktle cottage and fancied the attic.
•The good German landlady shook her head and said
it would not suit me, but I declared that I wanted
sketching opportunities and that the view of Alcatraz
and Marin County was delightful. So here I settled,
with what fineries and knicknacks I had brought from
the old home. Not a stick of furniture did I possess; I
slept on boxes, turned dresses into draperies, drank
toast water out of Sevres cups, and had one companion
to cheer me. the slip of English holly I had struck from
our old hedge and which flourished in its pot through
my wanderings. I found occupation, too: the place
was only untidy waste ground where they hung out
washing and spread fishing-nets, but when they knew
that I loved gardening a fence was run up for me and
I sowed the seeds which were to have ( gladdene l d Ned's
eyes. They blossomed as things do in California, their
sweet faces laughed comfort into mine, and one day
they saved my life.
I had sold jewelry, Sevres cups, pretty dresses; had
reduced my food to a minimum and was facing slow
starvation, when I suddenly remembered my great
great-grandmother, the Italian flower-girl. Why not
turn my floral instincts to account as she did hers?
Down I slipped to my little garden, plucked some dainty
posies and laid them beside the holly; then shame
facedness overtook me — how could I sell flowers on
the street? If only I had some disguise.
Suddenly my head was buried in a trunk and
I dragged out the old woman's costume in which I
once acted charades and had brought for Ned to laugh
at. Gray fro'nt and velvet headband, gray shawl, blue
spectacles, poke bonnet and darned gloves — they were
all there. Positively it was a joke. I donned
the front, painted in some crowsfect, tied the
band so as to produce wrinkles and blacked
front teeth, with all the glee of an amateur actor. When
I went downstairs my landlady stopped me to know
what I was doing on her. premises, the best compliment
my disguise could have had. Poor" soul, she laughed
and cried and scolded me far concealing my straits all
in a breath; but she promised to keep my secret.
Well, it meant daily bread, for I eked out my own
flowers with wild blossoms. I wandered over the bar
ren-looking country, protected by my old woman's at
tire, and the eschscholtzias and other California treas
ures I brought back were a novelty in those days. so>
my bunches fetched a good price, for money was freely
spent then. I knew once more the taste of good food,
and though it sounds prosaic, I can tell you that whole
some food, honestly earned, helps- to keep a good heart
in your body. I needed the good heart, too. I re
member times when I have stood outside the American
Theater, down on Sansome, holding out my posies to
some pretty girl, daintily dressed, guarded from a breath
of rough air, and the tears would gather under ' my
blue spectacles; save for Ned I, too, should still be a
THE SUNDAY CALL.
loved and cared-for daugh
ter. But there were other
girls who made my heart
ache with pity. When I
glanced at their painted
faces and s thought that
many a one. had taken to
the life to escape , starva
tion, I thanked God that,
my father's daughter had been spared
that temptation.
So 1 made money with my posies
and a balsam I. extracted from my se
dum plants, and saved enough for a
new venture. One night I found my
self outside the Alta California office
presiding at the daintiest coffee stall
that ever stood at] street corner: my
snow-white tablecloth was flower be
decked, my cups were of old willow
pattern, the aroma of my coffee re
minded me' of my father's table, and
I was. just thinking of having a
good cry over the old days when my
first customer lounged up.
I gasped, choked down the tears
and turned to my coffee-pot with
shaking hands, for the customer was
my poor Ned in maudlin mood.
"Gosh," he said, "haven't seen such a
sight since I left the old place;
what's the charge?"
"Nothing to my. first customer," I
replied, trying hard to' speak stead
ily. "You've come to bring me
luck."
He hesitated and, stared at ' me
drank his coffee gravely, as though
sobered by some old memory, and
took off his shabby hat with the ges
ture I remembered so well. "Im not
the sort that brings luck, mother,"
he .said, gently.
"but I wish it all
the. same. ' and
thank you kindly."
But the fame of
my coffee spread
and I . became a
sort of fashion.
I have known rich
. women, on . their
way to the theater. - v
stop their carriages >
to have a cup of
coffee and a flower
handed to them
by Dame Fearless
— that was ■ what ,
they called me. .
And when the
idlers had_;j3rone
home it ' — ■
was the •
ni k ht
w o r k
e r s '
! t it r n .
. Writers.
c6mpo~sIF6f^ stage mechanics" and supers',"" art-"
ists hunting for "types" — all gathered round my steam
ing pots. It was as good as keeping a barber's shop.
I never needed to read the papers — I was the first to
hear the news. But one came now and again who never
gossiped . and never paid. "You will turn my luck if
you, pay," I would say to this new Ned I watched so
anxiously, a Ned struggling to keep straight; his eye
cleared, his gait steadied, he looked like a decent work
ingman who had seen better days.
"You're doing well now," I said to him one evening.
"Why, yes, mother," he answered; "and I owe it to you.
Something in your voice and manner set me thinking
till I grew ashamed of wasting my life; so I tried to
shake off bad company and keep straight. I can't think
why you've been so good to a strange chap. Mayhap
you might have had a son like me?"
"Mayhap I might," I answered with a sob in my
throat, suddenly realizing all I had lost. Would life
ever give it back to me?
But one miserable night Ned stole up haggard,
shaking, a finger, at his lips. "Hush," he muttered.
"Good-by; don't say you've seen me."
"What has happened?" I asked, staring at his white
face. '
"Murder," he answered hoarsely. "Been a fool,
mother; got mixed up with the old set in a drunken
brawl and a man was killed. I swear I never touched
him, but they're after me and we've seen what the.
Vigilantes can do. I'm off."
"Stop," I cried. "Where can you hide?"
"Where I can, or — "he touched his hip pocket sig
nificantly.
I bent to him. whispering imperatively, and as he hesi-
tafed r added imploringly, "For tne sake oZ = -Ct = -fBS
son I might have had like you."
Away he sped, and a minute later I was heating cof
fee and bandying jests. Did not Ned's life depend on
my tact?
A reward was put on his head, but they never found
him. I had him safely hidden in a cave I knew of on
Alcatraz, which was then a Government reserve, but
nobody lived there. My landlady wa3 used to my er
ratic ways, for I constantly hired heT boat for my ram
bles, so I was able to row across at night with muffled
oars carrying the necessary provisions. It is a blessing;
sometimes to be eccentric. All went well till the night
I found Ned in a high fever from anxiety and discom
fort, and I knew he must be nursed at all risks. I
never stopped to weigh consequences. My landlady,
fortunately, was away nursing a sick daughter, her hus
band was as deaf as a post, and I took my chances. In
the still night, the stars blinking down like a hundred
eyes, I half led, half carried my semi-conscious darling
to the boat, rowed over and contrived, with the strength
of love's terror, to get him .up to my attic
Oh, the horror of that time when I trembled for hi*
life and did not dare to confide in a living soult For
tunately Ned was a quiet patient and attracted no no
tice; I was a good nurse, too, and able to supply him
with convalescent necessaries when the j crisis was
passed. But as his mind gained strength his body lost,
and one dawn, after a restless sleep, he roused and
looked at me. "Mother," he said, "I don't think I shall
be here long, and you have been good to me past words;
before I go I should like you to hear my story."
And then he laid his dear head on my shoulder and
told how he had loved and sinned for the high-bred girl
he had known from childhood: how she had vowed
she would remain faithful to him, sharing his poverty
and loneliness and how she never came. Instead he re
ceived a letter saying she had pledged her word to a
rich man; the shock turned him silly and he went to
the bad right off, "all for a bit of a girl, mother."
"You misjudged her," I said bitterly; "she was faith
ful and—"
He put up his thin hand. "Her own father it wa*
who wrote to me; there could be no mistake. But it
was unmanly to ruin my life for her— only, you see, I
loved her so.
My eyes were streaming. I could bear it no lonKer.
Slipping away I tore off spectacles, front and P r }™
shawl, let down my own hair and knelt beside him with
great throbs at my throat. "Ned," I said softly, "my,
Ned. don't you know me?"
He looked at me with a slow, sweet smile. Of course
I know you, little mother; you look ever so much
nicer that way, and something in your voice always
reminds me of Daphne." Then he wandered, talking of
the old days. . .
, Mechanically I went to the glass and understood. My
hair, from constant covering, was turning gray; my ar
tificial wrinkles were permanent: colored spectacles had
contracted my eyes. I was really what I pretended to
be without a trace of Ned's sixteen-year-old Daphne.^
That night he died, and even Dame Fearless quaned
before her task, for I had kept his.secret in life. I would
keep it in death. In the unnatural stillness of that attic
1 pressed my lips to the dear eyes that had not recog
nized me and took my leave of love and youth, lnen
silently, in the darkness. I did that which I pray no
other woman may have to do. Hour after hour I Ia-
Dored digging a resting-place for the one to whom I
bad given my youth. Thanks to unnatural strength 1
brought down my still burden, laid it in the shallow
grave, and above my darling I planted the holly winch
recalled home. The dawn found me dabbhns roots and
bulbs into the newly turned soil and a distant be.l
roused me from my .weeping Suddenly I remem
bered the day— it was. Ned's first Christmas ip the Be
yond Perhaps he already knew how well I had loveano_textTHE SUNDAY CAKL.•"pB^L me, is there any truth "in this
* I infernal story," demanded Dr. John.
i Dr. John was always an imposing
I fellow. His height; hSs strong limbs,
X bis superbly set head and keen,
handsome face made him a remarkable
figure at any time. To-nir**. wuv."-nt
face white with passion, grief and rage,
R-ith every nerve strung to its nig..edC
pitch, with handa clenched as if they
rculd throttle, he looked Ies3 than ever
tke a man to be trifled with. , :
But Sybil xvas always an audacious
creature. She had played with fire from
.;er youth and found it a delightful pas- >
time. ..-'".
She had come down on receipt of Dr, -
John's card, dressed to go to Mrs. Klrk
patrick's dance. She looked more like a
rose than ever, that was what Dr. John
had always likened her \ to— a rose— an
American Beauty— his American Beauty
Roee! Her gown was of rose-hued vel
vet, of the exquisite ;£fcnde found in the j
Eastern. skies at^sundown. or In the. heart
3i"*tfie queen of *ftov\'"ers^^?)ver4iersh0uTd
srs. no whiter than they, was., thrown an
Ermine cape. She carried an immense
rlus-ter of Beauties and one was careless
ly tucked in the' masses of her red gold,
hair.
Dr. John caught his breath sharply as
sho came frou-frouing . do^vn the long
3ra. wing- room to him. .She was sn alluring
so desirable, so exquisite!. Could It be
possible that another" had plucked this
Incomparable flotrer. • •
"I do not know what you mean. Jack."
purred the beauty.- "If you will stop
glowering at me, as if you would like to
cat me, and tell me your infernal story 1
may be able to answer you. Otherwise
not/'
He knew she was fencing. Another
time he would have . thrust and parried,
too, but now he could not. His destiny,
his life it «5oemed. were at stake. Me
chanically he handed her the copy of the
Town Babbler he held crumpled in his
savage grasp and with trembling finger
Indicated a certain paragraph.
Sybil hummed the latest catchy comic
opera bit. sank into the nearest chair and
ostentatiously smoothed out the crumpled
sheet. As a matter of fact she knew per
fectly what she was going to read. Not
ten minutes before she had read if in her
chamber. But she was rather nervous
and wanted to gain time.
So, with a well affected air of indiffer
ence she read slowly aloud: "A marriage
has been arranged between the Duke of
Chichester and Miss Sybil Lawrence, the
\>eautlful daughter of Colonel Henry Law-,
fence. It will take place some time dur
ing Christmas week."
She raised her eyes from the paper and
looked up at the man towering over her.
Bhe was frightened at what she had done.
For an instant she found it difficult to
speak. ■ Then summoning an air of charm
ing bravado she said nonchalantly, "Well,
Jack?"
"Is it true— is It true?"
"Yes," she said, and the roses in her
cheek paled a trifle. "Yes, Jack, if./ la,
true." /-
Dr. John reeled back with a groan. But
only for an instant did his sorrow over
power him. He seized Sybil's hand and
• drew her to her feet, staring at her with
wrathful, greedy eyes. »
"How dare you?" he demanded. "How
•flare. you do this when you know you
\ove me? You know you were to have
>een my wife. Are you not afraid I shall
kill you for your wickedness, your capri
ciousness?" .
"Oh, Jack, don't speak "to me like
that," the girl moaned; "don't look so;
you hurt me-r-". •
"Forgive me, darling," he murmured
humbly. "I am beside myself with grief.
■* do. not know what I am saying or do
• ng." '...'•
He released her hands. - • .
"But what does it all mean? How has
t come about? I knew Chichester ad
aired you, but it never occurred to me
. hat my American Beauty could be
taught by a tawdry title."
"Jack, dear, listen • to reason," said
THE HEART OF AN AMERICAN BEAUTY
Sybil. "You know how I .have been
brought up. I'cannot live in any other
atmospuere. Papa grows poorer every
year. * Chichester has jenormous wealth
as well as the title. Yo~ii cannot give me"
the luxuries to which I have always been
accustomed. You must forgive me ifor
encouraging you. It was all a pretty
dream. Life is a f reality— "
He, looked at her standing there, bab
bling platitudes, while his < heart was .
breaking. A misf'came over his eyes.
He. had lost her — this pretty society, doll, .
whom he had believed was a woman with
a heart and a soul. How he had-been*
deceived! * •, •:..■■'.*.■ .
He said nothing, but walked slowly and
with an effort to. the door. , Sybil frou
froued after him. "Jack," she mur
mured, "tell me you forgive me." . /■-.
" He turned and looked" at her— one long,
last, devouring glance. Then he crushed
her in his^arms. velvet, ermine, roses, 'all.*;
"Go on" your way. of. triumph. .and' dis-
tinctieri,'.'* - he _hoarsejy- ■»-hispered^."but,^
'remember it Is "over'a broken heart." Yes*
I forgive >'ou— I love you— I despise— ",':--_'
He was gone.- - - :
Sybil jstood for a moment looking down
at the fading roses he had; crushed :«n
that fierce farewell. Then she slowly re
traced her steps to her chamber. 'One
looking therein might have beheld the
future Duchess of Chichester lying inert,
like a lovely broken rose, prone upon her
couch and sobbing out her pretty eyes.
Dr. John Russell set himself manfully
and resolutely to forget the girl who had
ruined his life. He plunged into work
with an Intensity he did not know he
possessed. He was assistant surgeoh.in:
one of the big hospitals and had, .more
over, an excellent practice. Not content,
with all this/ occupation he worked!
among the poor and the unfortunate !n
the byways of the great town.
Now and then he caught a rumot of
Sybil. She was never" so brilliant and
triumphant. She had snatched the prize
of t"he season from the grasp of all; the
other ambitious maids : of her set. The
trousseau was preparing. Fashionable
pociety was agog over the preparations
for her wedding. Her exquisite gowns
and hats were photographed and; de
scribed In all the fashion papers, i ■;
Dr. John looked at these reproductions
of her furbelows with cynical eyes. v "It!s
all for the best," he murmured with hia
lips, "I- could never have supported : &uch
luxury and extravagance," but his sore
heart cried out for the gay, , capricious
beauty he had loved for so many years,
ever since they had played together as
children. . ..;
Sybil was to be transformed into •'•; a
Duchess Just after Christmas. Dr. John,
received his invitation one Scold, snowy
morning, and savagely . cursed and ' tore
it into pieces.
"I shall not go," he swore to himself,
"she shall not have the satisfaction;, of
.seeing my face as she comes dowriihe
aisle on the arm .of that beast. Oh. if
he had been a decent chap I could better
have endured 'It;- But to sell herself "to
that scoundrel—" Then he finished with
words that would not look pretty in
print. •: > . ; ; ', ;
•' The night before Christmas. The ground
v/as covered with snow, that spaikled;
with a million jewels under the moon. The
,. streets were crowded with a merry,
happy-go-lucky, jostling . throng. Among :
these belated shoppers and sightseers
strode Dr. John with gloomy face 5 and
saddened eyes. Christmas broughtvno
. joy to him. Over and over he.sald^.to
hims.elf, "Only three days .more, only
three days more." .-.;. „.'?■-• '■■'■'•'.
He wondered dully how he should. ieel
when all hope had- departed and: -his
American .beauty, had v been; borne home
across seas/; ' ; {'. -. • ,,V;' ,•,;: ■'
Dr. John was on a hurry call. A small,
tattered boy had rung his bell and given
the message that "Flossie is "very bad,
* sne tlnks she's dyjn' and would the doc
tor come once more." > , - , .C '
Flossie was a 'poor wreck of .a) girl, *
worn out by disease and dissipation." iThe-
THE ' SUNDAY CALL,
doctor had looked after her for
about ten days. He had kept the
frail :lamp burning by his kind 7
ness and care. He had known it;
could not be for long, and was in
•no'-jwise surprised by the sum
mons.' • ■ ; ■ ■ • ■ ■ ' -.■,••":'■.■■ .-..'"'■ '-' :
: Up a crazy stairway in Bleeck
*er street he went to the top floor
arid ' entered. y It was \lie flr3t
■ time-he had been there at night,
arid- he : was I astonished ' to .. see
-how. light the desolate room ap
peared, but at- once, recognized
th,e cause..* Through the, tiny, ga
mbled "window he caught a glimpse
of \ttfe illuminated cross of ; .the
Church 1 of Washington
Square. Flossie's humble room ;
was" directly -under the ' shadow
of the great symbol' of the Christ
child's martyrdom, l ; A '/■ •
■ -!The; doctor put .down . his. bag,'
In which* he had brought restora
" tlves .and delicacies, and crossed"
tto the quiet bed. The room was'
so : still! •.:'',.■;'•:■: : .\--;.-f<\ '-'■'■
; .."Flossie,"; he said, gently, "do
:you feel worse?" ,. \ .'
m There? was ; no answer. The
j form ; upon the. bed did not stir.
Dr. ; John put - his hand on the
brow of, the sleeper. It was. cold.
,With an inarticulate exclamation
the physician -turned - his head toward
the^ flood of light streaming the
window. "Good Cod," ;• he said, in a
shocked tone, "the poor girl is dead. She
has died all alone. \ Too. bad, itoo'bad."
The: tawdry, dirty ; curtains at the head
of the bed movejl a little. -"No,} Jack,",
said'a sweet,voice- that isetevery artery
in Dr. John's body: pumping, his j blood
faster. ' "No", she . did, not die alone. . I
was here,'' and Sybil stepped slowly, to
ward him; Sybil in a plain, dark gown,
but; glorified, in that flood 1 of light pourr
ing; from' the* cross' in- tHe church tower.'
'."Sybil,'! Dr.\ John- gasped, "how-came
. you ' here?" ! : . .'. ; • '• ;■ • / '■ '■
"I came, Jack, to see my sister."
.".Your- sister?" .' .
; "Yes, my sister .. Florence— that poor
girl there, Flossie." \ - ; /'; .
'. "Your sister— your sister." - ' / • .
. "I do not wonder at ; your '. amazement.'^
When our. parents died | seventeen years*
ago. they left two littlegirls to the char
ity of 'strangers. Lawrence
adopted me and reared 1 me as his. child.
Florence was taken;to a bleak farmhouse
in Connecticut and brought up by a cold,
hard, stern • woman .who '• loved no .one.
Four" years ago she j ran ' away; from ■ that
iron discipline and »plunged into the" free
dom and gayety of New York, andthe
life of the tenderloin j has brought her
here. J She . se'nt for v me yesterday and
gave me proofs of 'her birth I could not
contradict. - : QCw^is - my 1 sister. 1 have
been with herrall day.j She told me of all
your goodness ,'tb her. , She wished so to
see you once more. ". Poor i girl—" Th»
sweet voice broke In a. sob.'r ,
Dr. John ;went' a ;. step or two nearer.
"Does Chichester^know?" he asked.
"The Duke; .of- Chichester," -said th«
girl, raising her ' head,* proudly, "was told
last evening!; He 'sailed' for home to-day."
"Sybil," and Dr.' John seized her in hit
arms. . .. : '.•■.'.'-.-^: •■;■"'
"You can't^ marry "me," sobbed Sybil;
"think, think., i I :. am not the distin
guished Miss. Lawrence, but a waif and
the v sister of ; a . poor, frail tenderloin
girl.";'.- ; .^v- I ,^-; T . .-• .
"Youare my .love, my Christmas gift,"
passionately i .breathed » the man; "my
American Beauty.'/ :'. ,
j Her head' sank on his breast. "You de
spised me," she. jhoariedl' . . ' ■ ;
-"What, else'. did,;, I {say?" queried Dr.
John", as! heV raised the^' sweet, tear
stained face I to his j kisses.. '.'What else
did I say— I .love! you,'. I forgive you.".
C ; The midnight K| bellsi 1 .; I sudd3nly pealed
forth, proclaiming- a new Christmas day,
and. the stream'', of i light 'from the great
Illuminated cr6ss jbatl^ed ; the lovers where
they stood, twfapt ,' in ] each. other's arms,
and swept "beyond -td .the ■ bed, touching
the face of "the Vdead* with gentle fingers
and • transforming ; if- with a . nameless
glory.- ".-'■■ * V ..",.' '-"• ; '. . '.".
1920
vras'an unb^liover.
> Sh« pt>£*_-d as one. She went abntft
- professing? her.. unbeiieJ. Tejegraph
Uiil /kAcvc -that - ebe Tras°a scoffer
A. -it' the faith. Toodits oa:d thtiu
v. . .. ;,>■ Sar.ik: CJaus.' ,. _ . '^VvU' .*:*.;.'•■.•■ ?.*„■' !
■ ■ feed; < - .oii£3^tea"-.of ." liie* oce : wurd
• • • !i any onhotf^x menll>er of Too .
acnuiii^utf^^.fji^j '.ixi: cni.vfert her. sho
'■ " ■"■ -■ •■ ... ;:■■ vi;y of the:
■ • . uelJj fi>i:^^ .;;.. ; jt l ,,h,- pr:>~
wf.-a feu'nta 'Cl^usi Visit; she- sirtii 1
v .it I.tfvfrr mroUoned^titefie w»id "Rats."
jh{£r ; .«"truifr-iu was simple £»ioiigh- aijJ
Sbt r>.-o nuv«r sevp any «*vi
.i-u.C-o- i.f a.. Santa Cla.'us' m,a.U ;u>e years'
■of-hjjr.Jii'i?. thieve in hirrj^
T'jod:cs"\yas; ?kt ihe'-cMest' jhifojropher
wbo Krts _*VKr"a.!t;liecJ alone that '. ;:r.«t-.' ■
S,*e J5a:ktJ,baGk toitl ihs Ciifistina^es'
Klie .-n-j,.j r- r rvemV-'r. There war the firs'.
\>h< !. ,-',■ : ■ io!d ; thaSiMf -she na-i
. ; d.hiX ppUfcJih'e] red .wir.e
< ;"■ ..--hi :t ;r. t>r e ..{ U j ? \yithouta
' ■ ■•' --■<■':■'■ t&rrtlli *•: u '■-■« -vrhJch.
'■o ,>i..'w. : . ■■. - ' j. uag - tii . caruYy "for".
: - ■'• ' ." •' • !■-• ■:;. -■ -^ 3611." s^e.hii'i; beei! iuoi-
1 bliain's tlmt li."fft' jChristina..s and.
't-.u r.i,u bKlieycd, A ■
i :u-i .h;.- had : "caVri«-.>d the. ..red'
&Jid|*6p(iiK*J t/'oVor k'.drcp by ihs
?.>'•?■ Chrlt Una* '.wasjtyiw.^ jVJ^ ■whe'n. the
' •" ■■ -.''•; r« ' vvas pn.evej^ a -stick "of
■ > tlit -;y:: •;: a iSoii. bat i here \^.j?
' ' : •' ■- . '■ »ck;r::r.- t'.r :c o::e. :
. • t:,, ;.;it.. r QIcJ
; • - • ''no h\' hii't »ji<ji" y, of- time
■•":'.■ the ju^ 'v.-iC!vj'it U, corK.,
.■ -a.is .■• :T.\r.z to ,,knov ti^sse tbyd*
'■.-.;= r'ht-n .Kome^ody ■ Sit .her
■-•■■■'•.«f -si-;:- 'o-r rvct. ' \
.'JXkt V..tx Chris! mas' ehe never:. V«.'».
lie*ed; , By -pe^iS£s^e^tfal» one came iravipd.
e he •■w-.n a asb strcr.gr in hir 'unbelief that sh*
prea.cJ-.ed it wherever; f£e csuld'' find: «n
audience. . a • • . ■ ■ • -' v
"Ssnta Claus:" sh» said'^ith sniff of
eecrr.; ":*nei4 '.ain't no euch man; Tbat'i
i- Ije they tvils y«vi . . They does it to make
ycy b-.- .pwd, sroVhttv Chrisuriaa-ociaes. 1
--vi '::.■. ;'rise?its ! like thv-y's.jyd-"
' : ' ■ ■ •' : ,'- Uiie.^'cauc.. I - ; ;
■- '•■■ _• ■ ' ■'• asserted tiit bold^s'. ul
ll$Hnx>ri Tii'V Vnv/i;!! Eumfivliat
: ' '■-vpn ; ■ jhousli : t^&y."
"" -iw-n convjetior.-i .
'■■•■■-" ;■ > :;iu' but a irian Pressed
! x :-:v >■■■•: JWh'-Qtl'-y d>-iiTh<ti jv^th
■■••■ ■ d pi?e had ab nior.e
'- '■■ ■ '• t ii stprt t .i.-'t-ry ;'<>$£'• nt
! ;i '- '• ■ a Sir.ti',G!aus
■ • • : ' - ■' • " -•■'- i§ii '.f^l saint;
• ■ ■ .; ■■.■•• • vi- tbefa^^aB ih»
. — ■* •'. ;' ixpCiiaa bounty;
• ■ ■ ■ ■ '■..-■--...-,■ r ■yoo-jlas
v ".* '• snly ! folly. .
W-ai {^il«•;^uia3■: 1^vas; a
i! ;■• ii-c .-;?! s.;.rt;, c< Cssauji;
- >:"•!' "vituluy.'s. toy4" tt-.ai
■ 1 :.: . bu 'jhia<J ;i rr,i)ti>.-!; or
■ ijud ajpy jni'ij^y Xo «pa« be
-..<y tx'.jctiied "in" re'ii^ Trtise."
• . rt-'vi- tui>re. ami *r.-:r- gicnvins,
■ • - >it day f^rew neaj iiid ty I'.-j
■ •■ .mii.s evuf arVivfefa _Tui.ci<--i !
. '■ iisd »ior wj,.i -.. -rve tac r. .,■:;
-' : ■■- KK Liiv' v\-vgr of tij stciios
; • ., th» r*.u'i^:u ti-at- and Vel
i!uriairji. -^ , *.-;: k« vv'i :k. bci vre
-i^ Ai; cigfitlCflcg ;ho*
; • •■ ■> U*l : '--;r Iwittr rvund.^iitiu'cy (
■ " : '. itog loa jUR^u^jacka
■ ri.-.rU .-at ■. si^ tLich • as 'iyeii
:, ■ .• Arnifair r «ignt \xm$*>;£&* i"
-^ . " ■- --; -Ui hy yrii);-; ;«< T'-'cJifs
t! - ; 'i"ake«' ijL«i!" :1,»^.' y*-<-r'.it j_
. '--;ij,- yuu know"; The Doll,
- . . '■.-.:.■--.. Ln;**j.y.oait»s'-' rtiiitd",
. . ■ - ' •-■?.'-•. DoiL •: . -■' ;;.
.• . -t V* ;^;r, tin' JiiCil oLiitir
• . u • '• :' ■..-■J.:\il, vf" A>er<r.Itl^<tf . .. O-.
j •— ■ ■ . . .- u ->Keii' : oi:ift:.:uoii5- •„;'-■'
. t :.'..(• btiiyi^Ai^wisitt^l.iy.^toefbra
- : ? ,: - tatty i^.jiht s&aU«^uy <!!!•;■■. -,..
...;!•-.::•- :. ,.::■). \ ." ' ' --•.'
lii' n J.t-r. iJ"t5
,:;«. Oce.'Vi ;...: rvii:. wu-. •^rs».^. i j,
fviis -•<> j Cyiue to u«.r. L-!;ii Uv*wv..; 5 ;i ■
*• ---;. ;■.:■?, '^;*' bU:: ui:«d,'jiA<r?btffwitJa
! - J j ..iLfc f..iSij. • ■• , - .,"•.■'
•■ •- ■-.<■. •■)..ur.J _lie'a.iiUt^'»- li'.sil.'irt '
:.",.;■ ,». •..■.■.:■_, -a :. wai i.ir iY<*>#w' oej/tg"^tb6;
/.y ano rn-'-iLj^r^ a! iiqlj uy
V^-.'i .i,S.<, ':,.:.... 1\1. i>U-t.''j • .j-jltia Srf W s.j^ji^-
•. '■ : .■ -j, skin tic^iii «f jj^kuty." - ;
■ . r-'-e' I>olL
. - r.' ••' it>- tcautifui glassy i b!us
■ .. .: , ,-.ic Kfew so, rapt that sht ma :.ot sts
. . : ..'/lijuiiai- wa.i.'-ihir.tj' her. ■'
i •.;.:»■ ;/.'>i..ntn'uj .iu.a oesdciKred from a
■* -•■•• ':■• ■■ '. ' '-'-'a% on tier' ■ »-aj inlu U*- '
r *?OCRftUjiai; ■ in the v- -lnaow
••:-^' -. r.'vi^via Sfta 'she' siopj^tu w
■ ■• ;• -■ \- •'-•-.-. profss-jy.. Oie ■
.- : --"U .' v. t,s"i;at. a.j(-i"c<;,ld.-. Jdtr gfllo-'i
I'., .. ~*.~.r>. ;:. CilS V»»if. p/ tr.SSOl itt'^if^^.'- ■ tfi9 \
>.»..-. ■(>':•,. ir VK:tijr; v «py;ty.' irsaiiva' on", ttia..
.<=;.•'•'-_ -.■'■■ 1 - -JVai, "^ju'iril), 'oiinu-to ali
, . \iiy L'. . >^-a-ai. .•?■•&£ fee.ipK.in-a partic
. •>. 'sv'iVfrn'.vd. 'that' day."- .Sh-e hac tin?
■■'■ ■ ■■-■ jf' h*»r ChriStnT<i-:? sfuippir.j
-•• . i. .ii : ■ rn/ au'J :'Khf . viis T.f-irt u&ue-i ■.
■ -■ -i,:. ■-••■' -iir.t! 'jia'-r i"'-..-in- >■■ b>»€
:■ 'if. ••' -.•.■Y-.i'-rru!!^ iri-iiie v.'irioi>w.yc.a
To'S'^ivs leqk'j'.M-ior c-y^i caitfui!y;b«£6re
r> ;N;,,k:. Yc-^e > ■ . . :--;<ji t,'.' •^■as.her
■ .-i 'joriCjjiiiiki.— ■•'it'E.a ooli,' J .*)•« ie
- •■ ■ ■ "■•■■.■ ■. •■ ■ -, '• - .
«• ii the nr.c in ;he .m'.d'jie? * L,Bdy
f\ ; :.i.'i v.u'. to a .: fla^:]iy.- : dresaed
1 Who ■■ iA- TeVid»ntiy'--- tee ■••-tirig'gj
irj . ) •:•
■">-•»•■." r>:. .•• ; .'',!es v.Hh ■s-.; ( ;rn., ijhe ;
fy.>iri.^;L, iviiaf poi8iblfe : "j"»VjLsijjn- there
smU'ri .v^j*i unif: by Dttslsieot-.q/itiisupa^ris"
w.: i ■>! i -•: tl;\ .^'.i r, i iy u uj ■(! wwn,
o ! ji. ' , ' ■/■ : * ■ •?■ ■' •■'■ ■, : ■ , ' •'.: .
ir.tifnl'eaW gi^MJyg'and wt-nt"
iw 'i'.- shefe. T;ju'jie*>,tood .^axijig, htr.
nv^s;.. 5»xwiHK c<i!<lt. : r , anti". chl<io,r.. ajr.u* sha
UBOuiit'Joi.'* Q{'tiie;.»-<jrld. '
AH ? x>L a • s&d'ien' r f"ne Dcil drew. . back.'
Toddies, ■?.*>. a J icpg* black arin.'ie,'*ching,<
Ia»jfc»lSi«/u-iti*i65; ffera i"ie shun st.na lifting 1
i. She t^eined ito^stretieh*;lier
:':.-^-'.vfi*. an^l .tjica, sJi« -i;s
■ ■■-■ tufned away v:th s,' choke. ■•
■.-•^.■■.-o-.iic.Kic! w::h rrii^r.tj-'s got her,-"'
O;k<: - -■ " wended :W2y : b3cif
•» rjiph Hill .<■ Wh j're-: a >-iiack:fig'
sf:e .»;adght"a gllnhW-ol .the '
fcir:.-j^:-.x>i i.i;u,y iiountifui iotio%v;rts : <;]6'i5e v
politiijlfter. fivr.-Vp- 1^* '". ■ ••? . '' ." - -
■. \. vijt hume, c;o<lgecf -part ■cf-^thVr
v-i-iufK;^;.; .aDC.escdjxeii to bed to dreadr ojfi
tb*- i.nr/sLi.-ias/icyb. But there /was fait
ter^tss^r'vir^r i>,»aTt, for s^)e. %its aiViU'9
gy*BK; icvtereeJjr.- ' Tlsere ■ aJT.U i s o Santa
■ '■'■"'-' - I • -ire «i:f wasTawakeiied
b^'Xhft-'Hour.rl of dtayjuthig.
■ "..it <juj*;k-aT.d's-. -. -«-r. SI ',' j a it," .
i- yir mother fay.
• n,>t ;•;.. : { ;u .,; . ., -.. It - 3 niarkWd-'
x . ;. : - »nanne.V rror.T her -big
:!;t'Wom- of ihpd'at' the sourd
" ' •'■ ;••:'. is-, it you've got?"*
•■•':'■ - v '"v ■•■•■•. ■ .- '- ■ '": .'•■;. ■ ,/
'called herhroth"
*' f V' '}■ "f *!?*??$. X ° S her d {^ en - V •
■ >" '• I it an-1 .'tbe beautiful
• lh< «joH !ookf-d /orth -st"
■ r<.vj?ay t-myt h5n»r Ph--'rpold f
■ • / ■ ' /' ;^ laterin ihe'day-'
'- : .'<."'■». -<■'.!-. hn*; moral- <:biirap« Vto' say. ■
■' ■.;■■-. ■'.•:•.*. ■<-.;-.s jrood for tJic sou 1 . •
•?. riir.'it and I', nn?, -wmre "
sb>: !>.:,; BvUlj :> -Bruin, . "Thore is a F:;nta
L. ■•:.■- ."■ -V" .*-..- -K." nr> 4he d^H inVrTroof f'
' i "...'i.ftiin'. 'b(.ui'thf>t;'-''nnjri^- 1 ir'»d''
;■- .'■■!•* 'ts'iJ^fii'-n Wifvcft Herwasi
bitt<>i-<'- guy] nvpr Jinferniitv stocking. ■
"i '' ■■'■ :>' r^' "'■■'i ius'.- k«<>n brrr^eilpyiiij
till .". r>"M. •■ 'hr'^^p.-Ts," ijwpfqtpjj ToodVv 1*-
ri;r. ■):'•• ''--v'c-' ion that rerried YheV
i.-j'i-f.r • f!!hRKr ; vl.; ;ilow could ary or.e
fjicp of the convfirsl'cu of'
the; ft'sMy: --caLl..
SANTA CLAUS DID COMEThe Sunday Call Christmas Edition
Art and Magazine Section22
TAKE YOUR PICK OF THIS CHRISTMAS
DINNERS
THE SUNDAY CALL.
OTSTERS.
Blua Polnta on Sholl, Sauce MlgnonetU
SOUP.
Chicken Soup, a la Marguerite : '
Consomme Desllgnae
RELISHES.
Cavalr on Toast Celery Ollve»
Salted Almonds
FISH.
Striped Bass, a la Chambord
RELEVE.
Fillet of Beef a la Rothschild
ENTREE.
PALACE HOTEL.
OYSTERS.
Eastern Oysters in Half Shell.
SOUPS. . . . >■
Cream of Asparagus, Queen Hortense.
Consomme, Sportsman Style.
FISH.
Salmon, Moussellne Sauce. Fillet of Turbot.
Admiral.
Potatoes Marquise.
HORS D'OEUVRES.
Salted Almonds. Tomatoes. Radishes. Celery.
Stuffed Olives. Anchovies in Oil. •
JOINTS.
Capon, Oyster Sauce. Smoked Tongue with
Spinach.
Ham, Xeres. Perk and B»ans; Boston Style.
ENTREES.
Tlmbale of Chicken. Richelieu. Lamb Chops,
i Vlllerol.
Croustade of Fresh Mushrooms. Braised Quail,
Perlgord.
Peach Meringues, Parisian.
PUNCH.
Roman Punch.
. ROAST.
Ribs of Prime Beef, with Yorkshire Pudding.
Lamb, Mint Sauce. Young Turkey,
■' Stuffed with Chestnuts.
Canvasback Duck with Currant Jelly and
Fried Hominy.
CALIFORNIA HOTEL.
OYSTEHS.
Blue Points on the Half Shell.
SOUPS.
Creme de volatile* a la Koine. Hortense.
Ccnsomrre Prlntanlpn
HORS D'OEUVRES.
Cel°ry pn Branche. Sa'.tPd Almonds.
Pin Money Picklf'?. Canape Lorenzo.
FISH.
FtrlrwMJ Pars a la Daurhine.
Fillet de Turbct a la Admiral.
Pomtn^s Pa^'.^'enne.
RFLKVFS.
Boiled Canon a la Toulouse.
_s . Duppe Har->. Champagne Sauce.
EXTRKES.
FillPt fle Roeuf n la Rot*>sohIId.
Cotelette d'Ajraneau a la Pompadour.
Crou«itades cf Beef Marrow. R'tx Truffles.
Pineapple FrHtP-s n la Diplomat.
PUNCH.
Frozen Fr'-nog.
•'-, '■: . ■ PHAFTS. ■ ; - . - I
\ Prime Ribs of Ghrlstmar Beef au Jus.
Yousff Goose with Fagp and Onion Dressing,
.%?•-■.: .. i Apple Sauce. ;■ ■ . *~,t£i
HOTEL SAVOY.
Eastern Orstcrs on Half Fhsll.
Shrimp Mayonnaise Lobster Mayonnaise
SOUPS.
Cream of Chicken, a la Re'ne
Con-omme Princesse
■ Puree of Game,' a la St. Hubert
' FIfcH. .
Broiled Lake Trout. Maltrr d'Hotel
Fillet*, of Sole, au Vin Ulanc
Steamed Clam?, MsWnWn
Pommes Solferlna
RELEVES.
Petltes Boucheex, a la Cliassrur •
- Ballotlne rte Volallle, aux Truffles
BOILED.
Turkey with Pork, Oyster Sauce
L#B of Lamb, a la Paulette
ENTREES,
Tenderloin of Bear. Jelly Sauce
Balml of English Pheasant, aux Champignons
Chicken Sauta. a la Marenjro
Petltes of Sweetbreads, Flnanclere
Snow Ball?. Sauce Royals
ROASTS.
Young' Turkey Stuffed with Chest
nuts, Cranberry Sauce
POODLE DOG.
Poulat Saut*. a la <Cast«Uaa*
VBaETAJBLES.
Cauliflower! au Gratln, Peas a la FrancalM
INTERMEDE.
American Punch
ROAST.
Stuffed Turk*? with Cbeatnuts
Rack of Spring Lamb, Mint Sauce
Roxnalne Salad
ENTRKMET
Plum Puddlnr. Brandy Sauco Mince PI*
Neapolitan Ice Cream. Assorted Cakes.
Cheese.
SALADS.
Chicken Salad. Lobster Salad.
COLD.
Ham. Tongue. Roast Beef. Lamb.
Fat Liver with Aspic. Boneless
Chicken. .
VEGETABLES.
Baked Cauliflower In Cream. String
Beans.
Celery, Spanish Style. Green Peas.
Boiled and Mashed Potatoes.
. Boiled Rice.
Baked Sweet Potatoes. Stewed
Tomatoes.
... ICECREAM. .
Plomblere Icecream. Strawberrj
Icecream.
Plum Pudding. Rum Sauce.
PASTRY.
Blackberry Pie. Mince Pie. Lemon
Cake. Apricot Turnovers.
Assorted Cakes.
Claret Jelly.
DESSERT.
Almonds. Brazil Nuts. ' Raisins.
Pecans. English Walnuts. *«
Tea. Coffee. Fruit.
American, Swiss. Roquefort and
Stilton Cheese.
Turkey stuffed with Chestnuts, Cranberry
Sauce.
GAME.
Canvasback J~Mick. with Currant Jelly.
VEGETABLES.
Spinach au Velnute. Haricots Verts.
Sugar Corn. Manned Potatoes.
Boiled New Potatoes. Browned Sweet Potatoes.
COLD.
Jamhon Glace. ■
Laneuc de Boeuf a la Ecarlate.
Pate de Oibler avx Truffle*.
SALADS.
Mayonna!?° Chicken. Escarolle.
Letturp.- Tomato.
DESSERT.
Plum Tudrtinf. Hard a™d Brands Sauce.
Mince Pic. Pumpkin Pie.
Croutes aux Crises. Eclairs a la Duchesse.
Angel Crke. Petits Fours.
Muscovite Jelly. . .
Fruit* In Senson. % Mixed Nuts.
■ • . Cli'PtenRalPlns. -Smyrna Fl^.
- Roquefort Cheese and Camembert Cheese.
- - ;';■'■ --J- • Candles. .'.. : ■ . . -• ;••■ .
' / 7 Cufe Noir. '■<>*! '
•■ ■■,-fi /■■ L :. hr •■-, . .'■*•:■ :-J
Prime Plbs of IJeef. au Jus :] . _ -
SucMIidt Pig, Puree of Apple*
Saddle of Lamb, a l'Anglaise
Ham Bralse.au Champagne
SALADS, i.
Lettuce Mayonnaise Chicory • Plain Celery
VEOETABLFS.
Boiled New Potatoes . Mashed Potatoes
Green Peas " \. .
Cauliflower, Butter Sauce New Asparagus
PUNCH. .' ," ; :
Punch, a la Cardinal
GAME.
Mallard Duck. Sauce Blgarade ■
'Fommes Julienne
COLD DIEHFS.
Beef Tongue Ham Lamb
PASTRY.
English Plum Pudding. Brandy Sauce
AnDle Pie Squash Pie
Tutfl FYuttt. Philadelphia Ice Cream
Assorted Cake Nuts Raisin*
. FRUIT.
Oranges Apples Pears Bananaa
CHEESE.
1 Swiss *nd American
Cafo NoirTHE SUNDAY CAMi.24
A strong light that eame from an im
mense pile of jewels.
Illustrations Copyright, 1901, Davis
& Company.
""▼ LXZABETH. QUEEN. OF ROUMA
j NIA, better known by her pen
I e name. Carmen Sylva, has written a
, -I j- new book of fairy stories, which Is
published by Davis & Co., Chicago.
These stories will charm all young lovers
of beautiful tales. They are delightfully
■written. In theme and in style they re
veal the work of an experienced writer
endowed with a wealth of imagination.
While in no sense sermons, they yet teach
as their most important lesson the neces
sity of a boundless love toward all crea
tures which expresses itself in acts of
kindness and self -denial. These fairy tales
differ from some of the old-fashioned sort
in that they avoid dwelling upon descrip
tions of the horrible and the grotesque;
though they do not fail to offer a variety
of incidents as original as they are pic
turesque. As an example of the pretty
fancies sketchi-d in the stories is the one
which forms the theme of "Hans' Adven
xure With the Shadows." Hans is a lad
who for some time wonders In vain what
becomes of shadows when the sun goes
«lown. The replies which his mother gives
him do not eatisfy him. Finally to his
questionings comes the answer from the
t-h&dows themselves. They stop to talk to
Hans one night as they are leaving the
world. They offer to take Hans with them
ihat he may »e«> the Shadowlaiul. whero
all the KhMdows dwell when they ar« suj>
iK>sed to havw vaulshed rrom existence.
' Huns has a scries of interesting adven
tures among these ethereal beings, and
cumr* back to taxrih all the better for the
Knowledge he has gained of those repU
CM of ountrlve-5.
Ueautlful In conception nnd treatment la
Jhe cton told in "A Festival In
llfavcn": of the- joyous reception ne
ourded ,-.i::i«- M>rrowi»nj mu::> when they
joi'rnvyed to luuvt-n from tho world which
had used them *o ill.
Otif of the stories which shows best Car
men 8ylva'« style and the peculiar p5ny of
her fancy is "Carina, the Harp Girl." It
1* in »»art aa follow*:
All along the banks of one of the lor.s.
narrow inlets which the lake throws out
in all directions Into the woodlands
nround, a band of Joyous children were
hurrying, shouting for glee. "Curma is
cvmiRg! Carma is coming!"
And in a little boat that kopt appearing
and disappearing between the tall {orest
treei .Nat a girl, whose sweet girlish face
was framed In a wealth of curly brown
hair tied lightly back by a red ribbon. Her
«H-cp-b!u# eyes, blue as iho waters of the
!ak«-. had a strange brightness, as though
they were lighted up by wn unseen ray;
there was a tinge of madness in them. too.
nt timf>s, as they looked out from under
the hiph arched brows. a.nd from behind
the fringe of lonp. dark lashes whose
.-hadows swept her cheek. Her soft, vel
vety skin ni slightly Funburned, her lips
were of the. richest red. hor teeth milk
white; her small hands he!d a harp, a
source of ulad expectancy to the Impa
tient little crowd that escorted her boat.
The boatman who rowed it seemed to be
an o'.d friend; ehe had many a word and
i-mile for him. and pointed out the chil
dren to him as they drew near. Thereupon
lie lay down his oars, and whiJe the bout
jrlided smoothly onward she began to tune
her harp, and at the sound the birds
flocked arour.dand flitted from bough to
bough, listeninc; with their little heads on
one side for the voice of the one singer
who alone among the children of men al
most surpassed themselves in the sweet
ness and inexhaustible variety of her
bongp.
And now the boat touched shore and the
children formed a circle on the grass
while sons after song poured from the
Hnser's throat, stirrlns and lifting up
their little hearts. She sans of the knights
<if old. and how they fought; she sang of
rives and fairies, of lordly castles and fair
<lamsels dwelling therein, of terrible mon-
Fiers. of the seas and the woods and tho
Jx-es and the hlrds- she sanp. too of all
that passes in the minds of little chfldren
till her Email hearers glanced at one an
other in astonishment, wondering wh*re
Curma could have learned all these thinjr«
of which they had never spoken to any
grown-up person. •
But then Carma was Just like a child
herself— little taller than themselves that
was all. She fe'.t as a little child feels
*he only knew that she had come into the
■world to make others happy— she knew
nothins more. That was all that had
ever been told her. She thought she could
remember still how an angel had carried
her down from heaven In his arms only
not like other children to a good 'homo
an<l loving: parents, but to a rosebush
tinrter which she was found by the (rood
iOlk who brought her up. They were very
poor, this good couple, and often haft
enough to do to earn their daily bread
but they could not find it in their heart
to leave this poor little thing to perish
with cold and hunger under the rosebush
especially as they thought that It couui
not have been without a purpose that th«»
angel placed It In their path. Thev were
much amazed to find that the little thire
f-ould already speak, and told them how
the an po I had flown down with it an-l
had comforted it on the way by tellin" ir
that it was coming down there to heln
make ttie world more beautiful- that it
was for this reason that it was sent by
God.
She was to make the world more beau
tlful. The good couple wondered creativ
what that eouM mean. They saw well
•■nough that she was very beautiful, but
then there arc many beautiful children H
-,he world for whom, it seemed to them
the world Is not always so much the bet
i«r. But they soon perceived that this ■
r:hl!d was as lovable as she was beauti
f-Ji; not only had she a voice like a silver
fiiite. and a temperament as Joyous as
lhat of the young skylark, but her fou!
was as purees a dewdrop through which
'ho sun shines, and -she could neither
fay nor bear an unkind word said of any
one. Everything that was sa.id to her she
»!iouRht was meant in kindness, and this
trusting disposition won all hearts, so
ihat folks vied with each other in shower
ing upon her all that she might stand in
rR-ed of— fruit anil flowers and pence. And
often brought I)cm<" to her foster
L-:ir*-nt«s more than ehe could ever have
coped for.
'•".Vhcic do you !?a:^i ri'l these Bonjn?"
people would sometimes ask her.
"The angel teaches me them." <
"What aneel?" - 4
"The angel who brought me here: he
sings to me in my sleep and when I wake
I know" them."
And people shook their heads and went
on wondering. Only the children felt no
surprise. They thought it quite natural
that Carma . should sing, just as the
birds do, to whom the angels also teach
their songs, else how should they learn
them? She told how all the . children
are brought down here by angels; she
was quite sure of that, and if only chil
dren would pay heed to them the angels
would teach them many things while they
are asleep. < :
She had a harp that had been given her
by an old man who 6howed her how to
play it— as much as he knew himself: the
rest she learned from the angel, and her
foster-parents were often astonished to
hear her playing In the night and then to
seo her next day apparently in no wise
tired, but on the contrary as bright and
lively as if she had slept the whole night
long.
It was an unfailing source of amuse
ment to the children to sail the little,
boats Carma made for them out of the
broad coltsfoot leaves skillfully bound
together with sedges: and she made little
harps of rushes, with strings of gossamer
and spider's weh. and placed them in the
boats; and the little harps began of them
selves to play so sweetly as they floated
away on th* stream that the children
were wild with delight and stretched out
their hands to catch th« boats, but they
slipped away between their fingers, or if
ever one was caught the harp In it
stopped playing instantly.- • • • AU
this mad* the children .t«»ke such plras
ur* In beautiful thine* that one never
heard of naughtiness in th« whole vil
las*; they wen* 50 happy it never oc
curred to them to get in mischief. They
knew it would distress Carmn antl for
nt'thincr In th« world would they do thnt.
In th« very hot we-nthcr they miulo
Carma n l>ower of gr*en branches to sit
under in +»cr boat. They tr*r« nlwnys
very curious t« know where «he lived, for
they had never seen her hnme; and «n«
day *he told them *he slept among the
squirrels In the wood. And the very next
«1ny wh*-n phe came ther* were five or nix
uqulrrels running up and down nor harp.
Th**y ru«hcd down among the children
nnd were quite friendly, playing with
them und th»'«i pretending to tease them
by suddenly darting nwny Into the trees,
twinging themselves from bough to
bough and pooping out as though tr» say.
"Catch mo If you can." In the midst of
thp wildest merriment Carma clapped her
hands ami said. "Awny!" and they were
off like the wind. * • •
On another occasion when Carma ar
rived the bottom of the boat looked as
green as If it were strewn with forest
leaves, but when she tuned her harp and
began to sing all the leaves stirred. and
moved and they turned cut ■ to be count
less tiny little tree froc*s th*t lifted up
their heads and* prepared to sing, too. But
frogs have only the one tune: they al-
ry^ STORY of special interest? at this
f\ season of the year is "The Man
/——I Who Knew Better," by T. Gal-
V» I Ion. It relates, the adventures
k. which befell a man named Andrew
Judkin during several days preceding
Christmas. Judkin, so the story goes, 13
a rich bachelor, -who lives in solitary
Etate in a handsome houso In London.
Years of hard work and a devotion to
business have made him a power in that
part of the business world where his in
terests lie. Judkin cares nothing what
ever for anything in life which does not
contribute directly to his own personal
comfort or to his material interests. In
his scheme of existence there Is no place
for the exercise of lovins kindness toward
his fellow creatures.
Ever since he has been a lad he has
denied the claims of any one upon- his
bounty. Even his . only brother he has
tried to cast out of his remembrance be
cause this brother. Bob Judkin, has been
unfortunate; and, In Andrew's sight, to
be poor is to be deserving of no pity
whatever. Only those who succeed in
the struggle for wealth have an excuse
for existence, according to his creed. Such
a man can see no beauty in expenditure
of time and money like that which goes
on at Christmas time, if this has no other
object in view but Just to make people
happy. On the opening of the story wo
lind Andrew Judkin at home,* filled with
anger at the enforced Idleness which he
is compelled to undergo because the
slackness of business attendant upon
holiday time has affected even his own
interests.
In the room where Judkin is seated
there is a portrait of him, painted when
be was u little lad. It shows a. boy with
laughing, merry face, who promises to
become a man just the opposite of the*
one Judkin is. While Judkin Is Bitting
at leisure his confidential clerk cornea in
to remind him that he has an appoint
ment to keep- the next day at a town
Eome distance from London. Judkin de
cides to leave town on a night train.
When he Is comfortably settled in the
train he falls to dreaming. He imagines
I himself back again at home, in the room
containing the portrait of himself aa a
child. For some reason he feels Impelled
to take up a candle and look at the pic
ture. He finds the frame there, but tho
picture gone. At the same moment ho
hears a voice behind him calling, and he
turns to see confronting him the figure of
his childish self, apparently alive.
The child upbraids Andrew for the
hardness and selfishness of his life and
tells him that he Is soon to learn the true
worth of tho love and unselfishness which
he has derided for so manyyeais. ' i'ho
child beckons Andrew, who. drawn by a
force neater than he can combat. folieiv.*
*
CARMEN SYLVA, ELIZABETH QUEEN OF ROUMANIA
AUTHOR OF A REAL QUEENS FAIRY TALES
ways sing, "Brekekekex. koax-koax!
Brekekekex. koax-koax!" But these little
tree frogs sang with such good will, the
croaking grew louder every minute, and
at last made such a din and clatter It was
like the' sound of an enormous rattle. The
children laughed till the whole wood" re
echoed, and the hares and the deer start
ed and took flight, thinking the shooting
season must have begun. .
But now came the great treat Carma
had in store for all the children: she gave
each of them one of the dear little frogs,
explaining that they are great weather
prophets and will alvrays tell when It is
going to rain, and also that they can be .
made as tame art any other animal If one*
is really fond of them. The chtl
.dren must feed ..hem well with
.flies and make them very happy
and comfortable. and they would
soon see what true and faithful little
friends they would have in the frogs.
Soon a little frog was seen to be sitting on
the dinner table in every cottage catching
all the flies and swallowing them down as
fast as it could . stuff them"
into its great big mouth. And
each child had much to tell of the
wonderful doings of his own special frog:
and every one of the little creatures hart
a glass filled with fresh water and with
nice green leaves In It to go In and out of
as It liked. They were so happy that thev
never thought of running away, hut stnyetl
quite contentedly In the homes Carma hnd
found for them. They nil hart t*i« love-»
llest names. Leaflet, nnd Wryface. nnd
Jumper, and Ooaker. and Snlndle.
shanks, and Tinnrtylevrs. nnd Hump
hack, and Gngijlreye'". anrt I.e^n.
frog, and HluhMnV*. nnd .Tack-ln-tn*
box. and Wlll-o'-the-wlsn.nnd ever so
many more that had never *been thmiBht
of. But sometime* inn nlld i,l*M In
springtime tho frn*s nil <1tsnnn«M^d. Th*>"
trooped off to nttenrt th« rr*«t frog con
gress In tho "•ood. and thw ynuncer aivl
Htronger one* carried on tholr bucks nil
those, who wer« too feeble to wnlk.
And when they tv«>r# nw>nibl<><\ thev
began to talk nt onre In frosr liini;iiti'i:<<~
thnt. Is to say. they crrmkert the whuto <
night long— tilling how hanpy theywre
in their n«w homes, ami eneh one pmHinir
the pood behavior of his own boy friend*
On* little frog, who was rnth«r lam*. *nM
how his leg hf\O . bpon crushed one d>iy
by something falling nn It, and how th«»
child he -lived with cried on sorWiR thin
and t'ed up th«» llttl* Jlmb bo gentlv a vl
attended to him so well tha\ ho wns ,<l>t,»
now to wa'k nbtxit again r little, ti-vl
hoped to be quit* recovered by n*st
spring. Then nil tb« frogs tang one mor«
grand chorus as n finale, nnd the meeting
broke up. so that t*ey were all home
again before the children awake. • • . •
Then the story goes on to relate how
Carma was one day seen by a king wlv>
was .traveling through the wood. Vhe
king fell In love with her and Induced li«r
to accompany him to his palace by telllinr
Carma that she could cheer lils aick
mother with her songs. . Carma could
never refuse toadminister comfort, so sh»
went to the queen, only to find that ur
presence was not desired. The queen
wished her son to marry a rich princess,
CHRISTMAS STORY OF REAL WORTH.
the vision out o.f the train to the plat
form of a railway station at which the
train has stopped.
The train rushes on. and leaves Andrew
alcne In the' darkness. He Is soon mtt
by a ruffian, who knocks him insensible,
robs him and leaves him for dead in a
deserted place. The thief has exchanged
Judkin's • clothes for rags, so that the
body may be taken for that of an un
known tramp.' Judkin. however, is not
dead. After a while he wakes from stu-
por into semi-consciousness. The blow he
has received has destroyed his memory
of Dast events, so that he does not re
member his name, though lie is left with
enough sense, to enable him to act in a
partially rational manner.
"Without money, In rags and not know
ing where to go for aid, the rich Andrew
.Judkin sets out to learn the lesson which
the vision has said is before him. To h^
half-crazy brain it seems as. if the child
appeared to him at intervals to guide him
along the way he must go.
. Judkin undersoes great privation ' anil
suffering. Still, in the midst of hla sor
rows he learns slowly of the great good
that exists in the world in spite of the
efforts which men like his former, self
make to deBtroy it: Some of those who
have suffered the ' greatest -wrongs at hU .
hands come forward readily to help him
In his dire extremity. |
Slowly reason returns to Judkin. and
with it. comes the memory of his Identity
and of his past life. But he has learned'
well the lesson which the spirit of .his
. childhood pointed out to him. . His recent
experience, in reality short, has been so
terrible in its intensity that It haa molded
hinr into a man who sees under -all the
sin and misery of life the good which lies
at its foundation. » :
"The Man Who Knew Better" is at
times, reminiscent of "A Christmas Car
ol."- but not to its detriment. If Mr. Gal
lon has, perhaps unconsciously. Imitated
some parts . of Dickens' story, he ... has
worked after . a good model and has in
fused even into those parts enough origi
lnallty to produce a creditable and satis
factory .result. On the whole, the story
is a good • one, and can be recommended •
to those who take pleasure, as most do,'
in. associating themselves for a, little sea
son with the spirit of good \rill ; which
works to make the whole world kin.
Breaking: out from under all' the solem
nity of the leading incidents of the book
ere flashes of real humor. Quite amusing
is the description of a Christmas party
held in. a traveling theater, booth, at
which gather people whose" normal life' is
passed amid sordid V-rdundings, which
at first sight would seem calculated • to
crush out -of existence lightness of heart
THE SUNDAY CALL.
and feared that he might marry Carma
instead.* Carma In sadness tried to'es
cape to her home.- but found herself a
prisoner in the: palace. When she Im
plored the king to set her free he became
angry and losing control of himself in UIb
rage stabbed her. Carma. however, re
covered from her wound and was finally
restored -to her friends. .
She went homo with the old people, whn
tended her lovingly till she was well am 1
strong again, and when for the first time
she reappeared among- the children i:i
.their woodland haunt there was a gre:it
rejoicing. . They brought *with them to
bid her welcome all the little tree frogs
she had'Onee. given. them, and each. It*. Me
frog clasped; with its foreleg a tiny ■•— ••--
shade (the^ sunshades were mushrooni < «.
some round, -some flat, some broad. 1 so;-."*
long), and the effect was so irresistibly
comic that Carma laughed alond. and that
was the first time she had laughed since
she came from the palace.
"Since we are all so happy again T will
make something beautiful for you." she
said; and. lifting her" lingers In the air.
she called 'out: "Come! Come! Come!
Come!"' .
In a moment the whole wood was bril
liant with fireflies— she ' caught them In
her hand and placed them in the chil
dren's hair and In. her own. till they all
looked as If they were crowns of stars.
Then In all that dazzling light they
formed n circle round her and hejran to
sing their songs apnlnas In old day*.
Thev sang them all from beginning to
er>d: M fast »»s one wan tUMs1ie<l they re
membered ■ another— It was a glorious
evening. I , . k . . .-.,
Put HutlOrnlv rnrmn pi^w deathly pal*
and -thfti.^frlKhtenedf children trntherH
eloso urount! her. <. tor tnerii,' looWng w\
.«nd. nnrt wMh tenr* In hl«.eye«. stood th«*
King. He fell on one kn-»« before Cnrm*
and Imulorert her to forKlve Mm-ho hul
been I H or !>• would hi\v« comt? sooner.
Shn mint tnk« pity on him nntl return
and be his Queen, 1 • ,•;. • \ ■
Hut -Carma shook her ht»nd and . vaUl:
"Von Blubbwl-nK 1 fnr, »«v-» una" yo»t tie
c*lvH »n« with your fnNehonOo. Never
will 1 pi with vcu ngnln! 1 will may
hero with •he-'chlMren who lo v <» m» wml
who cann'-t rtn without n"\ Th* Qii#»pm«
mnti-er tolrt me von nlmulti wrd u fni*
nrlpcp^s "-v'th hron<"l lnnri> nnd rlrh
jewel". .Marry h*>r, thon.nr.ti forcot me
nnl ifqvo me. hrw 'n >p*»nr-\ wh^rp I um
so hrtppy tv>nt ' n'l'l r-^^in'n frirev«r!"
Anrt as he st'll >"or?«|-«»r. l l In j,i^ on _
tre.ii*'es. tl'^t Ti-nt r"ir»> (hi-i tv>r> '<Ii||i1>-»ii
rouM sti«rt. n»irt thev nn'ted Wm nnrt
nKslT»rt hI*-» p«rt •■">-jM«-1 h'rr> .inri n»ttf»rt
yim with frf^-s *"' *»••■■"- >>Td -i-U'nn «'«»»»
from thn wM, TVio-t tVio^r r-->v» hnr-k
bOrf*Tted< n«rt "II u»-'-»"ix\-<'!T f"it 't «VAs
a I'Ml" row'"t l '"i t'"i» t»j«w» 'iRfi i, t Bt
jV'ir'io, for «ni"h tb{" <T "» ♦"><] "lit; 'ir»,,n haqn.1
nf tbon; to th«>"i '* ""»<« p^^'-eh' rhllrt.'oh
inctice. TT"^- noi'l-' ihoi* ]*>\ ri.in
cpr'-\r o"* Pnvpi^ *»-»«>n y,n Vid"! h"~ f her
r>^rt r'ac"" her unbnn"«-"»' Vo.- v>« r*H not
,lr><rr> r vo h«»r: he "mild ob"v h'^ Tpother
prd Tnflrn- fho n ;''pr r**}?. hut.*'i'»'r Cir
rnr\ Fv>r. u i«i nevrr b" Vl ~: h^'^art list her
through h|s . ov/n fault. She w.i* born
and sentiment. The expanses of this fes
tivity are defrayed by Bob Judkin; who
from being a member of the traveling
troupe has, by inheritance, come to be a
roan of wealth. The movinp spirit of the
party, is Mr. Tolderoy, who has long wor
shiped a member of the troupe, Mrs. Gid
dings.
j By the time Bob and his daughter got to
Barking It was quite dark and : the fair was In
full .MWlnK. Only the old booth was doing no
business, sate on Its own private and personal
account. Mr. Tolderoy— ag' solemn and -mel
ancholy In appearance as ever— was . assisting
manfully to get the place In order for the en
tertainment of the evening— fitting . up tables
and piling benches, which were not, wanted. up
in corners, and only desisting from his efforts
to launch sarcastic remarks at' those of his
.helpers .who did , not' appear -properly to ap
preciate the necessity of hurry. The appear
ance of Bob Judkin, tenderly assisting to carry
on the wine, caused even the face of Mr." Tol
deroy to relax. He" cannot he said to have
smiled; Mr. Tolderoy seldom did that: it would
: be more appropriate to say ' that his features
slid Into a gentle expression and his lips
twitched appreciatively for a moment and then
were still. ,.-'•.
- "I've run -'round since I got "ere," whispered
Mr. Tolderoy. taking Bob aside, "an 1 they're
all eomln'— at least all of them as we know.
There's the lnjyrubber man. ar/ Saggers, th»
giant, an' Mrs. 8., the fat lady, an' the 'uraan
ostrich (as 'as consented to take his vlttles
unperfession'ly), an' the Boundln' Brothers.
Also the owner of the learned pig; the pig
■tops at home. I think that's all." . '
"When are they coming?" asked Bob, who
was all Impatience. ' .
;"They closes- early and. comes as soon aa
they've dressed," j replied Mr. Tolderoy. Then
lowering his voice he added impressively. "The.
party aa begin* with- G is now a preparln' of
'erself In a noo . character." •■
'; "Indeed?'.' said Bob, with deep interest.
."Yes. guv'nor— that of a 'eart-breaker. vShe
•as played It before, sir— but never, believe me,
as she'll play it this ..night. I. 'ope." added
I Mr.*' Tolderoy,' darkly, ' "I . »6pe nothlnk ■ won't
'appen— I ! 'ope bo. Indeed !" -n ■'%:..
..,"Does she still resist you,' Tolderoy?". asked
Bob, feelingly. ' . .: # : •.*''».
./.••Resist, gov'nor. Shelwon't so much as look
at me— «ave , perf ession' ly. .1 mippoaa it ; ain' t
to " be ■ wondered • at ; she Is • that . superior ; that
she 'ad 'er.doubti.aa;ta whether It was right
and proper to invite Mrs. Saggers, the fat lady.
I respect !er for. it, guv* nor, but I 'ad to point
out that a perf esslonal ls^ a perf esslonal. after
all. ■ an* the drama' is the drama; so she give
way."
"She l; is a ; good-hearted woman, Tolderoy,"
said Bob." ■■•*' ' - •
"Guv'nor," she Is all 'eart; she bubbles with
it-'"'I ,'ave 'oped. that It-might bubble my way,
but It don't. -The: things that woman makes
me contemplate would shock yer, gov'nor— they
would. Indeed. I've even 'ad a mind"— the
face of Mr. Tolderoy was more lengthened and
for singing, not' for marriage. She. was
their Carma, only theirs. They would
make her so happy that she would never
be able' to think of any one else..
It was only strange that she did not
hate the King: : but -whenever Bhe saw the
mark which the dagger had left, then she
sfghed softiy to herself, that the children
m»ent not notice it.
But the'dagger itself she planted in the
earth and it. took root and grew, and a
splendid rose tree sprang forth from It.
as tall as a beech, so that they could sit
in Its shade and inhale the perfume of
hundreds of roses.
The book closes with an article entitled
"Carmen Sylva." In which the Queen
gives a short sketch of the Influences In
• her life which have led her to do what It
has been given to no other queen besides
herself to do — to write stories which hav<»
stretched for, her the boundaries of her
kingdom until she numbers among her ad
mirers children— and grown people, too—
who .live in lands s»o far from her own
that to them Roumania Is little more than
an empty sounding name. ' •
The fairy tales are preceded bv an "n
troduction written by George I*. B. Da"is.
In it Mr.. Davis has given a very charm
ing picture of the Gorman princes* ">
became Queen of Roumania. Idea of
the life l<»d by Carmen Svlva. which !n
many respects differs so wide * »s,
popular concept 'n>i o* *-h»t n n«*<»r>'« -if-,
must bo, may ho paln«d from the follow
ing selections from Mr. Davis 1 introduc
tion:
Tho beautiful nnd brilliant Que»n of
is ono of th« most remnrkablw
women of -modern times, and the story
of her life Is as xtrHHge and wonderful
n« an Oriental lesrenri. 1 .
■ , Rh<> h nlinost r falrv oreaturt hy birth
for she. 'was born n nrtnee** «i\'n romnn
tln caatl« on tho Rhine. Just four dnva
after Chriatmns. In the »ara« castl*
her ancestor* had lived for nearly ,»
ihmu'und your 1 *. Tn»v wph> th« heroic
rrlnoM of WehV f>»roo»« allV* In achnW
arshlp. w«r i»nd re-llsrion. Surrnunrt'nij
th« on*tle op thr*« side* *v«n n groat for
est, nnd an th» Prl"c«v«« grow to girlhood
It w«s her «<hlof ilHight to roam about
under \th» p!n«t tre-s, accompanied only
bv two \t»*v*> r>nni«h rtoc*.
Tho Princess proved to possess a mltvi
worthy of her noble ancestry. At 9 nh«»
composed verses; at 11 she nttrmptod to
write n nnv*»l: nt 14 ah* coninoMfd dramm
ami acted thnm with thft aid of her com
panions and dolts; nt 13 sh»» studied thro
newspapers dully nml took n keen Inter
est In politics; at IS «he had the reputa
tion nf heirs tho host educated Princes
in Europe. Throughout her te»«ns she was
called "The Princess of tho Wild Roso"
because of her rnsy cheeks, sparkling
eyes nnd love of forest roaming.
Just when Elizabeth was entering wo
manhood a young German Prince was
exciting the admiration of all Europe by
his mljltary courage and skill. He was
Prince Charles of HohsnzoMern. whom
th* great powers of Europe had just re
warded by placing upon the throne of
Roumania, which was then vacant as
the first ruler of a new dynasty.
Bo'emn , than ever at this point — "I've "ad a
mind to turn to the comic line— to see It that
would move 'er."
"Don't do it, Tolderoy; don't do It." urged
Bob, earnestly. "She respects you as It Is,
Tolderoy; but If you "
"I know— I know," murmured Mr. TolJeroy.
"I don't say' as I should so far lower meself.
unless she drove :ne to It; but I might. 'Ere
she comts." ■ .
Here . they all come. With much laudltter
nnd Jollity, and many innocent jokes, those
hardworking folks, who lived their live.; so
far away, from the ' public they sought to
amuse: and who. yet, despite all their oddi
ties, were very simple and very ordinary peo
ple af t.T all— had . cast aside, for . an hour or
two .their strange, unrral life— had come out
from the odor of sawdust and naphtha, and
had fully made up their minds to enjoy Uirm
eelves. At first, of course, ai might have been
expected. Mrs. Ulddtngs carried herself with
r certain'; stiffness to Mrs. Saggers, the fat
lady; showed her, In fact, that even though
they, might be part of the same great pro
fession one bad 1 to draw the line j somewhere.
But when once they got fairly settled at table!
with Bob at the head and Mr. Tolderoy at
the foot, and when once the first bottles of
champagne had gone down the table and up
again, even Mrs. Giddings unbent.. And then
it was that a dark scheme entered into tha
brain of Mr. • Tolderoy. | i
He began to make eyes at the fat lady.
There was no mistake about it, and It was not
mere pbllteness-rdellberately. and with mal
ice, he began to make eyes at .the fat Usdy.
Lave . and wine may have | made htm reckless,
and be may have .lost sight of the fact that
tha fat lady's husband was a giant.- alike by
nature and by profession. In a word. Tolde
roy. was desperate. He drank the first toast
to the fat lady In a loud voice:
"Mrs. Saggers, ma'am, 'eres full shows to
you. an' may.^ yer flgger be as 'eavy as the
takings."
■ Mrs. Saggers blushed and giggled, and . Mr.
Saggers, (a very mild-eyed young giant was
he and weak In tho knees) looked pleased.
Mrs. Giddings looked at . Tolderoy and ,half
raised . her ' glass, but the reckless Tolderoy
kopt his eyea firmly fixed on the ample charms
of Mrs.' Saggers. Even when Bob proposed
the v health of the old show and all who
belonged to . It Tolderoy . might never ha v»
met Mrs.' Giddlngs before for any look he gav*
her. -' ■ '.',■
."Tolderoy," whispered Bob Judkin in eome
alarm when the table.! had been cleared away'
and all the speeches made and they were
ready -for dancing, "Tolderoy, you'regclng
too far!" . . -■ : .
"I can't *etp It, gnv'nor.V replied Mr. Toldv
roy. "I 'ate meself for It— but I'm bein' soured.
It's been pent:, up for a long time— an* I think
that wine, must 'ave brought It out. If the
party as begins. with G dances with any ono
else. If it's so much aa a 'Sir Roger." there'll
be" murder. To see a arm 'round that waist
would be too much for me."
Perhaps Mrs. Giddlngs knew the danger sn«
faced; perhaps her. heart was softer even than
He fell on one knee before Carma and
implored f}ez;fo forgive him.
» Now, Prince Charming, having become
possessed of a throne, naturally began
looking about to find the Princess Beau
tiful to help him govern the 'country.
What more fitting and. more In accord
ance with all the Iaw8 of fairyland and
romance, than that i.e should ask the
most accomplished and vivacious Princess
In Europe to be his bride? Such. Indeed,
was the case, and they were shortly mar
ried, and entered Bucharest, the capital
of Roumania, amid such rejoicings and
splendid fetes as had rarely If ever
been seen In the land.
Immediately the young bride plunged
Into her new duties with all the ener
gy* that made her .remarkable as a girl
and young woman. She quickly learned
the Roumanian language, and by her
overflowing love and sympathy, and by
hard work, had soon completely won the
hearts of her subjects. And to-day, after
over thirty years on the throne, she Is
t. idol of all her people.
Her first book was written In a pecu
liar manner. One day the National Su
perintendent of Schools cam? to her and
said he wanted a book to offer as a prize
at the end of the year to certain Rou
manian schoolchildren, and suggested
that her Majesty write one. The, Queen
entered Into the plan with enthusiasm.
and In three weeks had written a book
of fairy tales, taking old Roumanian le
gends as a foundation for her stories.
The volume was such a success
an1 creating it Rtive the Queen such
pleasure that she turned to writ
fnjt in earnest, and volume after
volume has avpeured bearing the
nam*» "Carmen Sylva" on its title page.
One day in each month Is now devoted to
reading the Queen's books In the public
wchoola of Roumania and they have been
translated Mini retranslated into divers*
lonsue* until hot pen has exceeded her
ho-i'if r in power unn h«r fume *a * writer
hati |<u«sit'd Above her fnnrto as u Queen.
Her literary wurk is by no means con
fined to Miry tain, but lr.clude* u number
of novels. *evcinl volumes of poem*. nu>
nierou* <lrnm;\s, n book ot proverbs, *
uhlloaophietU irei\tt«* nnd nn operu II
urtttn. However, th« Qu«tn finds her
prc;it«wt dHlcht nnd Inspiration In writ*
mg fairy tnlca nnrt It Is worthy of not*
as a proof h*r world-wide popularity that
the prevent volume of tales will bi> pub
lished stmuItMnonusty In six or eight <!ir
terent countries.
The Queon'a ennncltv for work item*
boundless | It Is her dally custom whlta
r^sliHnpr In thr« royal p.tlnce In Bucharest
during the winter months to rip* nt 4 or
5 o'clock In the morning. A little latrr
slip enters tho grcnt writlirr-room— which,
with Its lanre palms and towering ferns
of variou* kinds set In urns. Its profusion
of flowers and Its murmurlnar fountain
resembles a parden more than a room—
where, seated nt a small desk, she works
at some new nopm or tale as earnestly as
might nn author In a parrot. (Published
by Davis & Co.. Chicago. Price tt 50.)
Some Calendars
Among the calendars for 1902 there ap
pear several fayorites which seem to
Mr. ToMeroy gave her crertit for. He that as It
may. presently, when the dance was at Us
height, and the oil lamps were rattling under
the sturdy steps of lira. Sappers, who had ono
of the Bounding Brothers for a partner. Mrs.
Glidings seated herself in a corner, away from
the others, and gazed pensively at Mr. Tolde
roy. who was drinking- champagne la gulps a t
a aide table. After a little hesitation Mr. Tol
deroy put down his glass, and. by stages
coming a little way, and going back again,
and then coming further— got at last to Mrs.
Giddings. and sat down, within about three
feet of her.
"It's a 'ot night." said Mr. Tolderoy star-
Jng straight In front of him.
"It is. indeed. Mr. Tolderoy," replied th«
lady, in a faint voice.
"You make it 'otter. Mrs. G." said Tolderoy
in the eame tone.
"Mr. Tolderoy!" remonstrated th« lady
-glancing round at him.
"You do, mum." laid Tolderoy. desperately/
"1 don't know what It Is, but you 'ave an ef
fect on me. mum. like a Turkish bath. Fust
I'm 'ot— as If love was bringing out a rash on
me; then I'm cold, aa If I was In a draught. It
may not be romantic. Mrs. G. but it's the
truth. At the present moment I can feei a rash
all over me."
"It's the champagne." said Mrs. Giddlnss
looking at him. slyly. . ° '
"It ain't, mum." retorted Tolderoy "I ma
be 'eated-I may 'ave looked on the'sparklln'
goblet slightly more than usual: but It's love
Mrs. O. that's movin' me at this moment—an
movln' me nearer to yer." Indeed this was
so far true that Mr. Tolderoy w'as slldlna
along the bench and rapidly decreasing tha
space which divided him from Mrs Giddlngs
"It ain't me legs. Mrs. G-lt's love wot',
movln' me."
"Well, I hope It won't move you any fur
ther." said Mrs. Giddlngs. "We shall hava
every one talking about It." ,,
"I don't mind," said Mr. Tolderoy 'They
may. 'ave summlnk else to talk about befora
long; I feel it In me bones that I'm Uke th«
beasts that perish."
"Don't call your««lf name«. Tolderoy" said
Mrs. Glddings. "It's the easiest thinT m tna
world for a man to talk about love-but unless
he— Mr. Tolderoy— what are you doing?"
Mr. Tolderoy. whether impelled by love or bv
his legs It is imposBlble to say, had slid alon£
th« remaining part of the form which divided
him from Mrs. Giddlngs, and had also slid hia
arm about her waist Happily tor him. too '
she did not seem greatly to mind; and a few
minutes later, Mr. Tolderoy had plunged Jnt«
the danc« himself with Mrs. Oldding* in hi
arms. And. wonderful to relate, when ores!
ently he passed Eob Judkin. he winked mU^T
\y at that gentleman. : "oiemn-
A little later, coming to Bob alone he wh...
pered , hoarsely in his ear: ' ' whU ~
"There was a party as begun with a o ••
"Yes, I ' remember," said Bob lnnvil
him wonderlngly. ; \ lookln * «
"There's a summlnk about G aa that M ,.
•as got tired of; she want, to go" b» TfJrth *
& wn *********?*- Sh«'« goln' to maie H t'»
With another solemn wink MrToltooJ ,i£*V
away In search of "the party." ioWer °y elided
(Published by D. Appleton & Co v
York. Price U 50.) & Lo " Ne *
| For the |
| Holidays f
Open Events
IBooKs
Original Publications
Objects ol Art
••♦••»
Elder and Shrpard
233 POST STDEET
l_ %mr mmmm
* ; '»
Impressions I
\ Calendar j
1 1902. I
j BcanUM, Practical
Original. ..... . >y!?» I
i. Gaoi Whin 0u Y.ir b D«n% I
$122 1
Postpaid Anywtur* H
****** \\
EMcr and Shepard, 11
* 238 POST STREET. |
ii i ■ ■■hum i um I ii ' I
have won for themselves a place In pub
»c regard. Conspicuous among these Is
The Western Girl Calendar," by Uert-
d ,*. P V tlngton - Thl3 ls " Tne California
oirl of several past seasons, -who ap
pears again in characteristic posc3— as an
equestrienne In outing attire, a tennis
player and last as a dark-eyed senorlta oC
the Southwest. (Price SI; in board, 50c.)
A calendar for lovers of dogs Is one
printed on dark gray paper and orna
mented with dogs of various kinds, from
the handsome pointer to naughty puppies
who make a great deal of mischief. (Price
"The California Wild Flower Calen
dar" is one of the handsomest offered
this year. It consists of copies of color
sketches made by Edith White. Our rep
resentative flower, the poppy, opens tha
collection. This is followed by the wild
pansy, the brodaea. baby blue eyes, tha
Mariposa Illy, the Indian paint brush.
The lithographing of the flower sketched
has been very well done. The choice of
subjects and the workmanship make this
calendar just the gift for absent Call
lorniana. or for Eastern friends who do
not know our representative flowers. It
more nearly approaches a work of art
than any other calendar that haa been
called to our attention: for each leaflet
has been so carefully done that it resem
bles a delicately executed painting in oil.
, T 5 e l u}} Q , Squirrel Calendar that made
such a hit last year Is out again antf look
ing about as pert as ever. Each calendar
t^n 59 ul "-el skin for decoration-fur.
v3! /J2 A 11 - U » Mms to make a great
liT^Ai* 1 ® ? ma » 'oik. (Price 50c.)
i i of the above are published excluslve-
San FrancS.^ PubIishIn » Com *™y of
A UNIQUE HOLIDAY GIFT
"JINGLES from JAPAN 11
Veracs bv Mabel Hyds.
Pictures by Helen h'ydc.
"The Jingles, 'as set forth by the
upinks." are brleht and far above
the average In cleverness. The au-
thor shows a delicate wit, and some
of her poems are exceptionally good.
The volume will be a must accept-
able holiday souvenir, for its unique
style and attractive drawings will
appeal to the public. The pictures,
printed In flat blacks ami retls. are
itriklngly artlstlc."-The Milwaukee
PRICE 7Sc NET.
A. i*l. RO3ERTSON,
Pubisher. ; 26 Post Street.fVXXTP ttTTISTTVA V fr"» AT T -
2526
THE CONVALESCENCE
THIrhabltually quiet, ascetic face of Seth Rivers was
somewhat disturbed and his brows were knitted as
he climbed the long ascent of Windy Hill to Its sum
mit, and his own rancho. Perhaps It was the effect
of the characteristic wind, which that afternoon
seemed to assault him from all points at onoe, and did not
cease its battery even at his front door, but hustled him
Into the passage, blew him Into the sitting room, and then
celebrated its own exit from the lone, rambling house l»y
the banging of doors throughout the halls and the slam
ming of windows in the remote distance.
Mrs. Rivers looked up from her work at this abrupt
onset of her husband, but without changing her own ex
pression of slightly fatigued self-righteousness. Accus
tomed to these elemental eruptions, she laid her hands,,
from force of habit, upon the lifting tablecloth, and then
rose submissively to brush together the scattered embers
and ashes from the large hearthstone, as she had often
done before.
"You're In early, Seth," she said.
"Yes. I stopped at the Cross Roads Postofnce. Lucky
I did, or you'd b«v had kempany on your hands afore you
knowed it— this very night! I found' this letter from Dr.
Duchesne," and he produced a letter from his pocket. '
Mrs. Rivers looked up with an expression of worldly in
terest. Dr. Duchesne had brought her two children inte
the world -with some difficulty, and had skillfully attended
her through a long illness consequent upon the Inefficient
maternity of soulful but fragile American women of her
typo. The doctor had more than a mere local reputation
as a surgeon, and Mrs. Rivers looked up to him as her sole
connecting link with a v.-orld of thought beyond Windy
Hill.
"He's cornln* up yer to-night, bringln* a friend of his—
a patient that he wants us to board and keep for three
weeks, until he's well agin'," continued Mr. Rivers. "Ye
know how the doctor v&ed to rave about the pure air on
our hill."
Mrs. Rivers shivered slightly and drew her shawl over
her shoulders, but nodded a patient assent.
"Well, he says it's Just what that patient oughter have
to cure him. He's had lung fever and other things, and
this yer air and gln'ral quiet Is bound to Bet him up. We'ra
to" board and keep him. without any fuss or feathers, and
the doctor sez he'll pa7 liberal for it. This yer's what he
scz," concluded Mr. Rivers, reading from the letter: " *He
Is now fully convalescent, though weak, and really require-*
no ether medicine than the— czone,' yes, that's what the
doctor calls it— 'of Windy Hill, and In fact as little attend
ance as possible. I will not let him keep even his negro j
servant with him. He'll give you no trouble, if he can be
prevailed upon to stay the whole time of his. cure.' "
"There's our spare room— it hasn't been used Blnce Par
son Greenwood was here," said Mrs. Rivers, reflectively.
"Mellnda could put It to rights in an hour. At what time
will he come?"
"He'd come about 9. They drive over from Hightown
depot. But," he added grimly, "here ye are orderln' rooms
to be done up and ye don't know who for."
'•You said a friend of Dr. Duchesne," returned Mrs.
Rivers simply. •
"Dr. Duchesne has many friends that you and me
mightn't cotton to," said her hu6band. "This man Is Jack
Hamlin."
As his wife's remote and Introspective black eyes re
turned only vacancy he added quickly, "The noted gam
bler!"
"Gambler?" echoed his wife, still vaguely.
"Yes— regular— it's his business."
"Goodness, Seth! He can't expect to do It here."
"No." said Seth quickly, with that eense of fairness to
his fellow man which most women find it so difficult to un
derstand. "No — and he probably won't mention the word
'card' -while he's here."
"Well?" said Mrs. Rivers, Interrogatively.
"And," continued Beth, seeing that the objection was
not pressed, "he's one of them desprlt men! A regular
fighter! Killed two or three men in dools!"
Mrs. Rivers stared. ""What could Dr. Duchesne have
been thinking of? Why, we wouldn't be safe in the houss
with him!"
Again Seth's sense of equity triumphed. "I never heard
r>f his fightln' anybody but his own kind, and when he was
bullyragged. And ez to women, he's quite the 'tother way,
in fact, and that's vrhy I think ye oughter know It afore
you let him come. He don't go round with decent women.
In fact—" But here Mr. Rivers, in the sanctity of conjugal
confidences and the fullness of Bible reading, used a few
strong Scriptural substantives happily unnecessary to re
peat here.
"Seth!" said Mre. Rivers suddenly. "You seem to know
this man!"
The unexpectedness and Irrelevancy of this for a mo
ment startled Seth. But that chaste and Godfearing man
had no secrets. "Only by hearsay, Jane," he returned
quietly, 'Taut If ye say the word I'll stop his comin' now."
"It's too late," said Mrs. Rivers decidedly.
"I reckon not," returned her husband, "and that's why
I came Etralght here. I've only got to meet them at thts
depo' and Eay this thing can't be done— and that's the end
of it They'll £o off quiet to the hotel."
"1 don't like to disappoint the doctor, Beth," said Mrs.
Rivera. "We might," she added, with a troubled look of
inquiry at her husband, "we might take that Mr. Hamlln
on trial. Like as not he won't stay, anyway, when he sees
what we're like, Setn. What do you 1 think? It would be
only our Christian duty, too. 1 '
"I was thlnkln' o* that as a professln' Christian, Jane,"
«a!d her husband- "But supposln" that other" Christians
don't look at it In that light. Thar's Deacon Stubbs and
his wife, and the parson. Ye remember what he said about
'no covenant with sin' ?"
"The Stubbs have no right to dictate who I'll have In
my house," said Mrs. Rivers quickly, with a faint flush in
her rather sallow cheek. .
"It's your say— and nobody else's," assented her hus
band with grim Bubmlsslveness. "You do what you like."
Mrs. Rivers mused. "There's only myself and Meiirida
here," she said with sublime naivete, "and the children
ain't old enough to be corrupted. I am satisfied, If you arc,
Seth," and she again looked at him Inquiringly, i
"Go ahead then and get ready for 'em," said Seth,
hurrying away with unaffected relief. "If you have every
thing fixed by 9 o'clock that'll do.'.'
Mrs. Rivers had everything "fixed" by that hour, In
cluding herself, presumably, for Bhe had put on a gray
rtrcss which she usually wore when shopping In the county
town, adding^ a. prim collar and cuffs/ A pcarl*enclrcled
brooch, the^wedding gift of Seth, and a solitaire ring next
to her wedding -Tine, with a locket containing her chil
dren's hair, tweented her position as " a proper wife an 1
mother.. Ai, a, quarter to 9 she had finished tidying* tho
parlor, opening the harmonium,' ao that the light might
play upon its polished keyboard, and bringing from th?
forgotten seclusion of her closet two beautifully bound vol
umes of "Tupper's Poems" and Pollock's "Course of Time"
to Impart a literary grace to the center-table. She then
drew a chair to the table and sat down before It with a
religious magazine in her lap. The wind roared over tho
deep-throated chimney, the clock ticked monotonously, and
then there came the sound of wheels and voices. .
Buflirs. Rivera was not destined to see her guest that
night. Dr. Duchesne. under the safe lee of the door, ex
plained that Mr. Hamlin had been exhausted by the jour
ney, and. assisted by a mild opiate, was asleep in the car
riage; that If Mrs. Rivers did not object they would carry
him at once to his rocm. In the flaring and guttering
candles, the flashing of lanterns, the flapping of coats and
shawls and the bewildering rush of wind, Mrs. Rivers 'was
only vaguely conscious of a slight figure muffled tiphtly In
a cloak carried past hor in the arrfts cf a grizzled negro
up the staircase, followed by Dr. Duchesne. With tha clos
ing of the front door on the tumultuous world without a
silence fell again upon the little parlor.
When the doctor made hla reappearance it 'was to say
that his patient was being* undressed and put to bod by his
negro servant, who t however, would return with the doctor
to-night, but that the patient would be left with every
thing that was necessary, and. that he would require no
attention from the. family until the next day. , Indeed, <t
was better that he should remain undisturbed. As the, doo
tor confined his conildcnces and instructions entirely to thi
physical condition of their gue3t Mrs. Rivers found it awk
ward to press other inquiries. "Of course," she «ald at
la&, hesitatingly," but with a certain primness of oxpres
elSn, !"Mr. Hamlin must expect to find ovcrythlnK here very
different from what he is accustomed t6— at least from
what' my husband Eays are his habits."
, *'Nobody knows that better than he, Mrs. -Rivers," re
turned the doctor with an equally marked, precision : of
manner, "and you could not have a guest who ■would be
less likely to make you remind him of it."
A little annoyed, yet not exactly knowing why. Mr*.
Rivers abandoned the subject, and as the doctor shortly
afterward busied himself , in' the enre of his patient; .with
whom he remained until tho hour of his departure, she had
no chance of renewing it. But as he finally shook Hand*'
with his host and hostess it seemed to her that he slightly
recurred to it. "I have the greatest hope of the curative
effect of this wonderful locality on my patient, but even
ettll jnore of tha beneficial effect of tho complete change of
his habits, his surroundings and their influences." Then
the door closed on the man of science and the grizzled
negro servant, the noise of the carriage .wheels was shut
out with the song of the wind in the pine tops,' and th<»
rancho of Windy Hill possessed Mr. Jack Hamlin In peace.
Indeed, the. wind was now falling, as was its custom at
that hour, and the moon presently arose over a hushed an.'
sleeping landscape. • . /
ONE OF LIFE'S DISAPPOINTMENTS.
ONE of the funniest sights, taking, all the circum
stances into consideration, that I ever saw," said
the Eastern man, "I saw on my way over at a little
coal and water station in Wyoming.
"The station agent and a 'hand* or two loafing
around and some sore-eyed Indians seemed to comprise
the population of the place, and. the scenery was composed
of sagebrush and desolation, with a background of gaunt,
gray hills scalloped*against 'the sky.
"We were to stop there only a few minutes, Just long
enough to take on necessary supplies, but Just as this was
accomplished and /we were about to '.. start on our way
again there flashed around the spur of one of the far
distant hills a cowboy 1 , dressed in - picturesque ' Mexican
fashion, sombrero, sash, , tapajeros and all, riding a beau
tiful, clean-limbed bay horse at a merciless gallop straight
toward us. ' ,/ v
"He was waving a small white object in one hand
evidently a letter .which he: wished us to assume charge
of — and he was making splendid time. Two . minutes more
of that breakneck speed would bring him to the car doors,
and the conductor— watching him: as we were all doing—
THE SUNDAY CALL.
For the rest of the evening the silent presence In the
room above . affected the household; the , half-curious ' ser
vants and ,' ranch hands •spoke in whispers in the passages,
and at | evening prayers , in '. the dining-room [ Seth Rivera,
kneeling before and bowed over a rush-bottomed chair
whose legs^vrere' clutched by his strong hands,: included
"the stranger} within our gates" in his regular supplica
tions. When the hour for retiring came Seth, with a candle
in his hand, preceded his wife up the staircase,' but stopped
before "the door of their guest's room. VI reckon," he said
interrogatively- to Mrs. Rivers,' . "I oughter s see ef he's
waritln' anythln'?" ' •
"You heard what the doctor said," returned Mrs. Rivers
cautiously. At the same time she did not apeak decidedly,
and the frontiersman's instinct . of hospitality prevailed.
He knocked lightly; there was no response. He turned the
door handle softly. ThV door opened. A ; faint, clean perfume
—an odor. of some general personality rathpr than nny.pur
ttcular thing— stole out upon > them. The light of J56th's
candle struck a'. few . ulinbs from some cut glaas and silve?,
the contents of : the quest's dresslne-case,' which hnd' been
carefully laid Vut upon a small tiible by; his negro servant.
There was also a refined-neatness in the disposition of his
clothes and effects whi<,h struck the feminine eye. of even
the tidy Mrs: Rivers ns something new to her experience.
Seth drew<ncart:r tin? \>cd with his shaded candle. aivJ thsn
turning beckoned his, wife to approach. Mrs.:nivers hesi
tated—but for the necessity .' of silence she would havi
openly protested— hut that protest was shut iip In her com
pressed lips as. she came forwards- . • ■ -. '.:. -. ■■/
For an Instant that awe with -which absolute "helpless
ness Invests the sleeping arid dead was felt by both hus
band and wife. Only the upper part of the sleeper's fuce
was visible above the bedclothes, held In. position by a; 'thin
white, r.ervous hand, and enclrcletVat the \vrl3t by a' ruffle!
Selh stared! Short brown-curls were tumbled over a- fore
head damp with the dewa of 'sleep and exhaustion. But
what appeared more singular, the cloned eyes of this vessel
of wrath' and r^ckief?sne?s were fringed with lashes as Ions
r.nd tllky as a woman's. Then*. Mrs. -Rivers Bantly'. pulle:l
her husband's sleeve and then they both crept back wl;h
a greater senEe'of Intrusion and. even inore cautiously than
they' had entered. N*or did they speak until the door was
closed-, eoftly. and they were alone on the lending. ;. Seth
looked grimly nt his wife. ,:
"Don't look much'ez ef he could hurt anybody."
r "lie looks like a sick man," returned Mrs. Rivers
calmlv.. . --
The unconscious object of this criticism, and attention
slept until latei slept through the ntlr of awakened lifo
within and without, through the challenge of early cocks
in the lean-to* she ( d, through the creuklng of departing ox
toams and thii luzy Ions-drawn 'commands of teamsteiH.
through the ttRUlar strokes of the. morning pump and th-i
splugh of water on Ktorics. through the far-off barking >f
dogs and the half 'Intelligible shouts of .'ranch i men; slept
through the Funllsht on hits ceillnK..; through .its sloWde
fcent^of Ills i wall, and awoke with ; it in his eyes! Us
awoke, too, with n delicious 'sense uf -freedom from 'pain
nnd of even dm win; a'long hre,ath without .difficulty— two
fncts so marvelous. and dreamlike that he 'nu(ura!ly closed
1i!h eyes again lest he should^ | 'waken to. a world of suffering
and dyspnea. Satisfied at last that this relief was real, he
again .opened his -eyes, but upon surrouhdlnp3 so strange,
so wildly, absurd find improbable, that he again doubted
their reality.', lie was lying; In a moderately large room,
primly and severely furnished, 'but his attention -was for
the moment riveted* to a gilt frame upon the wall beside
him bearing the text, "God niess Our Home.V'and then :; on
another frame on tne,oppo3ite wall which admonished him
to "Watch and Pray." Dealde them hunjr an: engraving of
the "Raising of Lazarus" and a Hogarthians lithograph of
"The Drunkard's Progress." Mr. Hamlln closed his eyes;
he was dreaming certainly— not one of those wild, fanta§
tlc visions that had so miserably fllled'tho past long nights
of pain and Buffering— but still a dream! At j last, opening
one eye stealthily, ho caught the Mash of the sunlight upon
forbore to give the signal for which the engineer was
waitinff. 'Igjjlljjssip V '■::::'■ ':"
' "On he came,\sltting, his steed so gracefully that he
seemed almost a centaur, and leaving behind a long trail
of quick-rising, " slowly settling /dust,*; pounded out of the
dry earth by. the horse's hammering hoofs. -<: . ■■[■'.
.,"1 never, saw a handsomer, equestrian ; picture - than
those two! made, nor better riding In any Wild. West show,
and there ; wasn't a lady on the train '.wlfo didn't have her
head out of a. window or door.full.of excited Interest In
that. wild race against time. , . . /
• "And then— when only a brief quarter of a mile at mo^t
remained: between us— the fates interfered and spoiled it
all. t That horse^-that model of equine beauty and strength
and- speed v which .wa ;were all admiring— suddenly decided
that he would ' go no farther. ".He stopped ; Bhort with his
fore feet braced, cast one - comprehensive V look 'around,
then- put his' head down'; between his > fore legs, humped hla
back and t proceeded f to "i hop up and down stiff -legged - in
regular • bronco fashion. .Whip and spurs :[ and bit had , no
effect. lie had evidently, found a good place to '-'buck* in
and he .'bucked 1 * emphatically, methodically » and persist-
the crystal and sliver articles of his dressing-case, and that
flash at once illuminated his memory. . He remembered hla
long weeks of illness and the devotion of Dr. Duchesne.
He remembered how, when the crisis was past, the do£nr
had urged a complete change and absolute rest, find had
told him of a secluded rancho In some remote locality kept
by an honest Western pioneer whose family he had attend
ed. He remembered his own reluctant assent. Impelled by
gratitude to the doctor and the helplessness of a sick man.
He now recalled the weary Journey thither,' his exhaustion
and the semi-consciousness of his arrival in a bewildering
wind on a shadowy hilltop. And this was- the place!
He shivered slightly and ducked his head under the
cover again. But the brightness of the sun and some ex
hilarating quality in the air tempted him to another Ait
look, avoiding as far as possible the grimly decorated
walls. If they had only left him his faithful servant he
i,.-' •>■: ■--.*•■•-. ■ - - -f ■ . ■■■-.'■ . • - ..■• ■ •«•
rou'rt have relieved h!rn?o!f with thnt mischievous . na<il
nnpre which always -.Uternalely. horrified ami' delighted
tlmt rtcVoted- negro.; V.ut he wa3 alone— absolutely alone —
hv this conventicle! : - ; . ■■ .
Presently he saw' the^ door opening slowly. It gave ad
mission to the small, round face and yellow ringlets of a
little girl, ant! finally to "her. whole figure, churning a doll
nearly as lurge as herself. For a moment she *tood ther*;.
. arrested_ by the display Mr._ Hamlln's dressing-case
on the. table. ■ Then her glances moved around the room
and rested upon the bed. Her blue eyes and Mr. HamUn'.s
brown ones met and mingled. Without a moment's hesi
tation she moved to the bedside! Taking her doll's 1 hands
; In^hcr own she' displayed It before .him. ,
Mr. Hamlln wan instantly his old self nguin. Thru^i-
Ing his hand comfortably undeiMhe pillow he lay on hta
side" and gazed nt It. long and ■ affectionately. "I never,"
:lie isald In a faint voice, but with , immovable features.
Vaaw anything so perfectly beautiful! Is It alive?"
"It's a dolly," she returned gravely, smoothing do**.'
Its frock and straightening Its' helpless feet. Then seized
with a sjionlaneous Idea, like, a young Animal, she sud
denly presented it tV> Mm with both handi and said:
"Kiss it." / ..'. .
Mr. Hnmlfn Implanted a" chaste salute oh Its verm'.l-
Ion cheek. . "Would you mind letting me hold it for a
little?" he said with extreme difnder.ee.
The child, was delighted, as lie expected. Mr. Hamlln
placed it In n fitting posture on the edge of his bed and
nurnn ostentatious paternal arm around It. ,
"But you're alive, ain't you?" he said to the child.
This subtle witticism convulsed her. "I'm a little
; The child nodded until her "ringlets 'wre shaken on her
cheek. After "a moment she began to laugh bashfully and
with repression, yet. as Mr. Hamlin thought, a little mis
chievously.' Thcn.jus he looked Ht her lnterrogativoly, Bha
suddenly caught hold of the ruffle of his sleeve.
-"Oo'a got on' mammy's nighty!"
Mr. Hamlln started. He Eaw the child's obvious mls
tuke and "actually felt himself blushing! It was unprece
dented—It, was the Bhccvcst weakness— It must have some
thing to do with the confounded air!
-"I grieve to say you are deeply mistaken— It Is my very
own," he returned with great gravity. Nevertheless he
drew the coverlet close over his shoulder. But here ha
was again attracted by another face at the half-opened
door-a freckled one, belonging to a boy apparently a year
or two older than the girl. He was violently telegraphing
. to j her to come away, although It was evident that he
■..was.at the same time deeply interested in the guest's
toilet articles. Yet, as .his bright gray eyes and Mr. Ham
llh'a brown ones met, he succumbed, as the girl had, and
walked directly to the bedside. But he did It bashfully—
as , the girl had not. Ho even attempted a defensive ex
rlar.ation:
ently, giving strict attention to the matter in hand and
utterly refusing to allow his mind to be distracted by any
outside influences or considerations whatever. .,J.
", "Everybody f e^t sorry f or k the rider, for wo all realized
that the letter must have been of Importance to have been
brought! across all those many miles of sagebrush, but w»
all laughed, for we simply couldn't help it. The antics of
that. perverse brute and the utter exasperation and help
lessness of his rider— who, however, won our further ad
miration' by keeping 'seat in spite of the vigorous
churning" which ■, he was experiencing— were too much for
even the gravest of us. .
' "Five long minutes the conductor waited, and then re
luctantly started the train. We looked back as we swept
around a' curve '.which hid the two from us forever— the
horso was -bucking, systematically,: still., but the cowboy,
with a grim appreciation of the humor of the situation,
though Jouncing up and down with automatonlike regu
larity, and .wtlfiout * a . shadow of doubt belnsf 'swearing
mad all through, 1 snatched- oft his sombrero and swung it
arm high in a graceful gesture of farewell. Whatever else
that fellow was,' he was .most certainly and under ex
tremely trying circumstances 'a dead game sport.'
■ . / . FLORENCE MATHESON.
"She hadn't oughter come in here, and mar wouldn't
let her, and she knows it," he said, with superior virtue.
"But I asked her to come, as I'm asking you." said
Mr. Hamlln promptly, "and don't you go back on your
sister— or you'll never be President of the United States."
With this he laid his hand on the boy's tow head, and
then, lifting himself on his pillow to a half-sitting posture,
put an arm around 'each of the children, drawing them
together, . with the doll occupying the central post of
honor. "Now," continued Mr. Hamlin, albeit in a voice
a little faint from the exertion— "now that we're comfort
able together, I'll tell you the story of the Good Little Boy
who became a pirate In order to save his grandmother and
little sister from being eaten by a wolf at the door."
But, alas! that interesting record of self -sacrifice never
was told. For It chanced that Melinda Bird. Mrs. Rivers'
help, following the trail of the missing children, came
upon the open door and glanced in. There, to her aston
ishment, she saw the domestic group already described—
and to her eyes dominated by the "most beautiful and
perfectly elegant" young man she had ever seen! But let
not the Incautious reader suppose that she succumbed as .
weakly as her artless charges to these fascinations. The
character and antecedents of that young man hail been
already delivered to her In the kitchen by the other help.
With that single glance she halted: her eyes sought tha
ceiling in chaste exaltation. Falling back a step, she
called in ladylike hauteur and precision, "Mary Kmmellne
and John Wesley!"
Mr. Hamlin glanced at the children. "It's Mellndy
looking for us," said John Wesley. ' But they did not
move. At which Mr. Hamlin called out faintly but cheer
fully, "They're here— all rijht."
Again the voice arose with still rriore marked and lofty
distinctness. "John Wesley and Mary Em-me-Hne!" It
seemed to Mr. Hamlln that human accents could not con
vey a more significant and elevated Ignoring of seme im
plied impropriety in his invitation. He was for a moment
crushed. '
• But he only said to his little friend3 with a smile,
••You'd better go now— and we'll have that story later."
"After beckus?" suggested Mary Emmeline.
"In the woods," added John Wesley.
Mr. Hamlln nodded blandly. The children trotted to the
door. It closed upon them and Miss Bird's parting ad
monition, loud enough for Mr. Hamlin to hear, "Xo more
freedoms^no more lntrudings— you hear!"
The old culprit, Hamlin, retreated luxuriously under
his blankets, but presently another new sensation cams
over him. Absolutely hunger! Perhaps it was the child's
allusion to "beckus," but he found himself wondering
when it would be ready. This anxiety was soon relieved
by the appearance of his host himself bearing a tray,
possibly in deference to Miss Bird's sense of propriety.
It appeared also that Dr. Duchesne had previously given,
suitable directions for his diet, and Mr. Hamlln found his
simple but enjoyable. Always playfully or ironically polite*
to strangers, he thanked his host and said he had slept
splendidly.
. "It's this yer 'ozone* In the air that Dr. Duchesne
talks about," said Seth complacently.
"I am Inclined to think it 13 also those texts," said Mr.
Hamlin, gravely, as he Indicated them on the wall. "You
see they reminded me of church and my boyhood's slum
bers there. I have never slept so peacefully since." Seth's
face brightened so Interestedly at what he believed to ba
a suggestion of his guest's conversion that Mr. Hamlin
was fain to change the subject. When his host had with
drawn he proceeded to dress himself, but here became
conscious of his weakness and was obliged to s't down.
In one of those enforced rests he chanced to be near the
window, and for the llrst time looked on the environs of
his place of exile. For a moment he was stagsered.
CverytMr.fi seemed to pitch downward from the rocky
outcrop on which the rambling house and farm sheds
stood. Even the great plrcs around it swept downward
like a groen wave, to rise again in enormous billows as
far as the eye could reach. He could count a dozen of
their tumbled crests following each other on their way to
the distant plain. In some vague point of that shimmer
ing horizon of heat and dust was the spot he came from
the preceding night. Yet the recollection of it and Ma
feverish past seemed to confuse him, and he turned his
c-jhs gladly away.
-Pale,,a little tremulous, but immaculate and Jaunty in
his white flannels and straw hat, he at last made his way
downstairs. To his great relief he found the sitting-room
empty, as he would have willingly deferred hi« formal
acknowledgments to Ms hostess later. A single Rlance at
the interior determined him not to linger, and h<j slipped
quietly into the open air and sunshine. The day wa3
warm and still, as the wind only came up with the golnjr
down of the sun, and the atmosphere was still redolent
with the morning splclr.g of pine and hay, and a stronger
balm that seemed to fill hl3 breast with sunshine. He
walked toward the nearest shade— a cluster of young
buckeyes— and having with a certain civic fastidiousness
flicked the d,ust from a stump with his handkerchief ha
sat down. It was very quiet and ca!m. The life and ani
mation of early morning had already vanished from the
hill, or seemed to be suspended with the sunJn the sky.
He could see the ranchmen and oxen tolling on the green
terraced slopes below, but no sound reached his ears
Even the house he had Just quitted seemed empty of Ufa
throughout lta rambling length. Hla seclusion was com
plete. Could he stand It for three weeks? Perhjps It need
not be for so long; he was already stronger !v He foresaw
that the ascetic Seth .might . become wearisome. He had
an intuition that Mkj. Rivers would be equally so; h»
should certainly quarrel with Melinda, and tols wouldOF JACK HAMLIN
probably debar him from the company of the children
his only hope.
But his seclusion was by no means so complete as he
expected. He presently was aware of a camp meeting
hymn hummed somewhat ostentatiously by a deep con-
Tralto voice, which he at once recognized as Melinda's.
and saw that severe virgin proceeding from the kitchan
along the ridge until within a few paces of the buck
eyes, when she stopped, and, with her hand shading her
eyes, apparently began to examine the distant fields. She
was a tall, robust girl, not without certain rustic attrac
tions of which she seemed fully conscious. This lattar
weakness pave Mr. Hamlin a new Idea. He put up the
penknife with which he had been paring his nails- while
wondenns why his hands had become so thin and awaited
events. She presently turned, approached the buckeyes, j
Plucked a spike of the blossoms with great girlish light
ness, and then, apparently discovering Mr. Hamlln, start
ed In deep concern and said in somewhat stentorian po
liteness. "I beg your pardon-didn't know I was intrud
r)on>t mention it." returned Jack promptly, but with
out moving. "I E aw you coming and was prepared; but
rer.erally— as I have something the matter with my heart
-a sudden joy like this is dancerous."
Somewhat mystified, but struggling between an expres
sion of rigorous decorum and gratified vanity. Miss
MeUr.da stammered, "I was only—"
"I knew It— I saw what you were doing," interrupted
Jack gravely. "or.!y I wouldn't do it if I were you. You
v.ere looking at cue cf those young men down the hill,
"i ou foreot that if you could eee him he could see you
looking, too, and that would only make- him conceited.
And a girl with your attractions don't require that."
"Ez if." said Melinda. with lofty but somewhat redden
ing scorn, "there was a man on this hull rancho that I
take a second -look at."
"It's the first look that does the business," returned
Jack simply. "But maybe I was wrong. Would you mind
—as you're goir.g straight back to the house (Miss Jlelind.i
had certainly expressed no such Intention)— turning those
two little kids loose out here? I've a sort of engagement
with them."
"I will speak to their mar." said Melinda primly, yet
with a certain sign of relenting, as she turned away.
"You can say to her that I regretted not finding her In
the sitting-room when 1 came down," continued Jack,
tactfully.
Apparently the tact was successful, for he was de
lighted a few moments later by the joyous onset of John
Wesley and Mary Emaiellne upon the buckeyes, which ne
at. once converted into a game of hide and seek, permit
tiijr himself* at last to be shamefully caught in the open.
Bot here he wisely resolved upon guarding against fur
ther grown-up interruption, and consulting with his com
panions found that on one of the lower terraces there was
•i large reservoir fed by a mountain rivulet— but they were
not allowed to play there. Thither, however, the reckless
Jack hied with his playmates, and was presently en
tconeed under a vrillo— tree, where he dexterously fash
ioned tiny willow canoes tv.-h his penknife and sent them
bailing over a submerged expanse of nearly an acre. But
half an hour of this ingenious amusement was brought to
en abrupt termination. While cutting bark, with his back
momentarily turned on his companions, he heard a scream
er.d turned quickly to see John "Wesley struggling in the
v.ater grasping a tree root, and Mary Emmeline—no
where! In another minute he saw the strings of her pina
fore appear on the surface a few yards beyond, and in yet
another minute, vrith p. swift, rueful glance at his -white
£ar.ne!s, he had plunged after her. A disagreeable shock
of finding himself out of his depth was, however, followed
by contact with the child's clothing, and, clutching h>r
firmly, a stroke or two brought him panting to the bank.
Here a gasp, a gurgle, and then a roar from Mary Em
ineline. followed by a sympathetic howl from John Wes
ley, satisfied him that the danger was over. Rescuing in©
boy from the tree root, he laid them both on the grass
and contemplated thorn, exercising their lungs with mis
erable satisfaction. But here he found bis own breathing
in addition to a slight faintness, and was sud
denly obliged to sit down beside them. At which, by some
sympathetic intuition, they both stopped crying.
Encouraged by this. Mr. Hamlln got them to laughing
cgaln, and then proposed a race home in their wet
clothes, which they accepted, Mr. Hamlln, for respiratory
reasons, lagging In i-icir rear until he had the satisfaction
of seeing them captured by the horrified Mellnda la front
of the kitchen, •while he slipped past her and regained
his own room. Here he changed his saturated clothes,
tried to rub aifay a certain chilliness that was creeping
over him, and laid down In his dressing gown to miser
able reflections. He had nearly drowned the children, and
overexcited himself, in Epite of his promise to the doctor!
He would never again be intrusted with the care of the
former, nor be believed by the latter!
But events are not always logical. Mr. Hamlin went
comfortably to sleep and Into a profuse perspiration. He
•was awakened by a rapping at his door, and opening it
was surprised to find Mrs. Rivers with anxious inquiries
as to. his condition. "Indeed." she said with an emotion
which even her prim reserve could not conceal, "I did not
know until now how serious the accident was, and how
but for you and Divine Providence "my little girl might
have been drowned. It seems Melinda saw it all." in
wardly objurgating- the spying" Melinda, but relieved that
his playmates hadn't broken their promise of secrecy,
Mr. Hamlin laughed.
"I'm afraid that your little girl wouldn't have got Into
the water at all but -for me — and you must give all the
credit of getting her out to the other fellow" — he stopped
st the severe change In Mrs. Rivers' expression and added
"Jtculte boyishly and with a sudden drop from his usual
vevity. "But please den't keep the children away from mo
for all that, Mrs. Rivers."
Mrs. Rivers did not, and the next day Jack and hts
companions sought fresh playing fields and some new
ftory-telling pastures. Indeed, it •was a fine Bight to see
this pale, handsome, elegantly dressed young fellow
loungine along between a blue-checkered pinafored girl
on cne side and a barefooted boy on the other. The ranch
men turned and looked after him curiously. One, a rustic
prodigal, reduced by dissipation to the .wine husks of"
ranching, saw fit to familiarly accost him:
"The last time I eaw you dealing poker in Sacramento,
Mr. Hamlln, I did not reckon to find you up here playing
with a couple of kids."
"No!" responded Mr. Htmlln suavely, "and yet I re
member I was playing with some country idiots down
there — and you -were one of them! Well! understand that
up here— I prefer the kids. Don't let me have to remind
you of it."
Nevertheless, Mr. Hamiin could not help noticing: that
for the next two or three days there were many callers
at the ranch, and that he was obliged In his .walks tc
avoid the high road on account of the impertinent curi
osity of wayfarers. Some of them were of that sex which
he would not have contented himself with simply calling
"curious."
"To think," eald Mellnda confidently tc her mistress,
"that that thar Mrs. Stubbs, who wouldn't go into the
Hightown Hotel because there was a play-actress thar,
ha* been snocpln* round here twice since that young feller
c^me." Of this fact, however. Mr. Hamlin was blissfully
Ascons clous.
Nevertheless, his temper was growing uncertain; th«
ar.eie of his smart straw hat was becoming aggressive tu
Ftrangers; bis politeness sardonic And now Sunday morn*
Ing bed come with an atmosphere of starched piety and
well soaped respectability at the rancho. and the children
were to be taken with the rest of the family to the day
long service at Hightown. As these Sabbath pilgrimages
filled the main road h^was fain to take himself and his
lonesomeness to the trails and byways, and even to invade
the haunts of Borne other elegant outcasts like himself—
to- wit, a crested hawk, a graceful wildcat beautifully
marked, and an eloquently reticent rattlesnake. Mr. Ham
lin eyed them without fear, and certainly without re
proach. They were not out of their element.
Suddenly he heard his name called in a stentorian con
tralto. An impatient ejaculation rose to his lips, but died
upon them as he turned. It was certainly Mellnda, but in
his present sensitive loneliness it struck him for the first
time that be had never actually, seen her before as she
really was. Like most men In his profession, he was a
<juick reader of thoughts and faces when ho was inter
ested, and. although this was the same robust, long.
Itobed, sunburnt girt he had met, he now seemed to see
through her triple Incrustatian of human vanity, conven
tional piety and outrageous Sabbath finery an honest,
t^Tapathetic simplicity that commanded his respect.
Ton *r« back caxly from church," be said.
•Tea. One service is good enough tor me when thar
«£n*t no rp~-fc»i preacher." ehe -returned, "so I Jest sex
to far?*. 'A* I sta't here to listen to the Bisters cackle, ye
kin put to the buckboard and drive me home ez soon ez
you please." . .
"And so his name Is Silas," suggested Mr. Hamlln.
cheerfully. . .
"Go 'long with you, Mr. Hamlin, and don t pester, she
returned, with helferlike playfulness. "Well, Silas put to,
and when we rose the hill hcrjs I saw your straw hat.
passin' in the gulch and sez to Silas, sez I, 'Ye kin pull
up here, for over yar Is our new boarder. Jack Hamlln.
and I'm goto' to talk with him.' 'All right' sez he. Td
sooner trust ye with that gay young gambolier every day
of the week than with them saints down thar on Sunday.
He deals ez straight ez he shoots and is about as nigh
onto a gentleman as they make 'em.' "
For one moment or two Miss Bird only saw Jack's
long; lashes. When his eyes once more lifted they .Were
shining. "And what did you say?" he said with a short
lauzh.
"I told him he needn't be Christopher Columbus to
to have discovered that." She turned with a laugh toward
Jack, to be met by the word "shake," and an outstretched
<M", white hand which 'grasped her large, red one with a
frank, fraternal pressure.
"I didn't come to tell ye that," remarked Miss Bird
as she sat down on a bculder, took off her yellow hat and
restacked her tawny mane under It, "but this: I reckoned
I went to Sunday meetln' aa I ought ter. I kalkilated to
bear considerable about 'faith' and 'works' and Bleb. But
I didn't reckon to hear all about you from the Lord's
Prayer to the Doxology. You were In the special prayers
THE SUNDAY CALL.
ez a warnln', In the sermon ez a -/text; 'they picked out
hymns to fit ye! "And always a drefful example and a vis-.
itation.^And the rest o' the time it was alLgabble. gabble:
by the brothers and sisters about you. I reckon, Mr. Ham-
nn, that they know everything you ever, dld^ since you
were knee high to a grasshopper and a good deal more
than you ever thought of doin'.' The women is all dead
set on convertin' ye and savin' ye by their own precious
selves and the men Is ekelly dead set on gettln' rid o' ye
on that account." V .-" . . .- *!
"And what did Seth and Mrs. Rjvers say? asked
Hamlln composedly, but with kindling eyes.
"They stuck up for ye ez far ez .they could.' But, ye'
eee the parson, hez got a holt upon Seth, havin' caught
him kissin' a convert at camp meeting; and Deacon Tur
ner knows suthtn' about Mrs. Rivers' j sister, who [ kicked
over the pall and jumped the fence years ago, and she's
afeard o' him. But what I wanted to tell ye was that
they're all comln' up here to take a look at ye— some on
'em to-night.- Ye ain't afeard, are ye?",Bhe added with
a loud laugh. ■
"Well, it looks rather desperate, don't It?" returned
Jack with dancing eyes. - - .
"I'll trust ye for. all that," said Melinda. "And now I
reckon I'll'. trot along to the rancho. Ye needn't offer ter
see me home," Bhe added, as Jack made a movement to
accompany, her. "Everybody up here ain't as fair-minded
ez Silas and you, and Mellnda Bird hez a character to
lose! So long!" With this she cantered away, ■..' a little
heavily, perhaps, adjusting her yellow hat with both
hands aa she clattered down the steep hill. -
That afternoon Mr. Hamlln drew largely, on his con-
fi* V' B F € t If 4X 1* ■ t ' C
BRITAIN, IRELAND ANDTHEBRITSH POMINIONS.V
valescence to mount a half-broken mustang and insplta
<* the rising afternoon wind to gallop along the high road
« £^5 noiToTanYove'r" tff nSS 32
or wagons and DU&^es containing young couples, and to
dash ahead of sober carryalls that held elderly "members
in good standing."
An accomplished rider, he picked up and brought back
the v flying-parasol of Mrs. Deacon Stubbs without dls
mounting.: He finally came home a little blown, but dan
usual Sunday evening gathering at
-^jujjy H111. rancho—neighbors and their wives,; deacons
an( j the pastor—but their curiosity was not satisfied by
the sight of Mr. Hamlin. who kept his awn room and his
own counsel. There was sorr.e desultory conversation,
chiefly on church topics, for it was vaguely felt . that a
discussion of the advisability of getting rid of the guest
of their, host was somewhat difficult under this host's
roof, with the guest impending at any moment. Then a
diversion was created by some of the church choir prac
ticing tho harmonium with the singing of certain more or
less lugubrious anthems. Mrs. Rivers presently Joined in,
and ; in a. somewhat faded soprano, which, however, still
retained considerable musical taste and expression, sang
"Come," Ye . : Disconsolate." The wind moaned over the
deep-throated chimney In a weird harmony with the mel
ancholy of that human appear as Mrs. Rivers sang the
flr3t verse: • * • . • ■_ ■ .
"Come," ye disconsolate, where'er ye languish,
Come to the Mercy Seatj fervently kneel;
Here bring your wounded hearts — here tell your anguish;
Earth has no sorrow that heaven cannot heal!"
. A pause followed and the long-drawn, half-human sigh
of the mountain wind over, the chimney seemed to mingle
with the wall of the harmonium. And then, to their
thrilled astonishment, 'a tenor voice, high, clear, but ten
derly passionate, broke like a skylark above their heads
in the lines of the second verse:
"Joy of the desolate, Light of the. straying,
. ■■ . Hope of the penitent— fadeless and pure,
• ' Here speaks . the- Comforter, tenderly saying,
•j \ . Earth has no 'sorrow that heaven cannot cure!**
The hymn was old and familiar enough, heaven knows.
It had been quite popular at funerals, and some who. sat
there had had Its strange melancholy borne upon, them In
time of loss and -tribulations, but never had they felt its
power before. Accustomed- as they were to emotional
appeal and to respond ' to j it, as the ' singer's voice died
away above them their very tears flowed and fell with
that voice. A few sobbed aloud and then a voice asked,
x'lt's Mr. Hamlin," said Seth quietly. "I've heard him
often hummin' things before."
There was another silence, and the voice of Deacon
Btubbs broke in harshly:
"It's rank blasphemy."
"If it's rank blasphemy to sins the praise o' God not
only better than some folks in the choir but like an angel
o" light I wish you'd do a little o* that blaspheming on
Sundays, Mr. Stubbs."
The speaker was Mrs. Stubbs, and as Deacon Stubbs
was a notoriously bad singer, the shot told.
. "If he's sincere why does he stand aloof? Why does
he not join us?" said the parson.
"He hasn't been asked," said Seth quietly. "If I ain't
mistaken, this yer ga therm' this evening was spechlally
to see how to get rid of him."
There was a quick murmur of protest at this.
The parson exchanged glances vlth the deacon and
saw that they were hopelessly in the minority.
"I will ask him. myself," said Mrs. Rivers suddenly.
"So do, Sister Rivers, so do," was the unmistakable
response.
Mrs. Rivers left the room and returned in a few mo
ments with a handsome young man, pale, elegant, com
posed, even to a grave indifference. What his eyes might
have said was another thing; the long lashes were
pcarcely raised.
"I don't mind playing: a little," he said quietly to Mrs.
Rivers, as if continuing a conversation, "but you'll have
to let me trust my memory." •
"Then you— er — play the harmonium?" said the parson,
with an attempt at formal courtesy.' -..-•'
"I was for a year or two the organist in the choir of
Dr. Todd's church at Sacramento,' returned Mr. Hamlln
quietly.
The blank amazement n - the faces of Deacon Stubbs.
Turner and the parson was followed by wreathed smiles
from the other auditors, and especially from the ladles.
Mr. Hamlin sat down to the instrument and in another
moment took possession of it as it had never been held
before. He played from memory, a3 he had Implied, but
It was the memory of a musician. He began with one or
two familiar anthems, in which they all joined. A frag
ment of a mass and a Latin chant followed. An "Avo
Maria" from an opera was his first secular departure,
but his delighted audience did not detect it. Then he hur
ried them along. In an unfamiliar language, to "O mio
Fernando" and "Spiritu grentil," -which they fondly imag
ined were hymns, until, -with crowning audacity, after a
few preliminary chords of the "Miserere," he landed them,
broken-hearted. In the Trovatore'3 donjon tower with
"Nbn te scordar de mi."
Amid the applause he heard the preacher suavely ex
plain that those Popish masses -were always in the Latin
language, and rose from the instrument satisfied with his
experiment. Excusing himself as an invalid from Joining
them in a light collation in the dining-room, and begginpr
his hostess* permission to retire, he nevertheless lingered
a few moments by the door as the Iadie3 filed out of the
room, followed by the gentlemen, until Deacon Turner,
who was bringing up the rear, wan abreast of him. Her»
Mr. Hamlin became suddenly deeply interested in a fram*
pencil drawing which hung on the wall. It was evidently
a schoolgirl's amateur portrait done by Mrs. Rivers. Dea
con Turner halted quickly by hi3 side as the others passed
out— which was exactly what Mr. Hamlin expected.
"Do you know the face?" said the deacon eagerly.
Thanks to the faithful Melinda, Mr. Hamlln did know
It perfectly. It was a pencil sketch of Mra. Rivers' youth
fully erring sister. But he only said he thought he recog
nized a likeness to some one he had seen in Sacramento.
The deacon's eye brightened. "Perhaps the same one —
perhaps," he added, In a submissive and significant tone,
"a — er— painful story."
"Rather— to him," observed Hamlln quietly.
-"How? — I— er — don't understand," said Deacon Turner.
"Well, the portrait looks like a lady I knew in Sacra
mento, who had been in some trouble when she was a
<?illy girl, but had got over It quietly. She was, however,
.troubled a good deal by some mean hound who was every
now and then raking up the story wherever she went.
Well, one of her friends— I might have been among them—
I don't exactly remember just now — challenged him, bur.
although he had no conscientious convictions about slan
dering a woman, he had some about being shot for it, ami
declined. The consequence was he was cowhided oncj
in the street and the second time tarred and featheretl
end ridden on a rail out of town. That, I suppose, -was
•what you meant by your 'painful story.' But is this tho
woman?"
"No, no," said the deacon hurriedly, with a white face:
"you have quite misunderstood."
"But whose is this portrait?" persisted Jack.
"I believe that— I don't know exactly— but I .think It
la a sister of Mrs. Rivers," stammered the deacon.
"Then, of course, it isn't the same woman," said Jack,
in simulated Indignation.
"Certainly— of course not," returned the deacon.
"Phew!" said Jack. "That was a mighty close call.
Lucky we were alone, wasn't It?"
"Yes," said the deacon, with a feeble smile.
"Eeth," continued Jack, with a thoughtful air. "looks
like a quiet man, but I shouldn't like to haVe made that
mistake about his sister-in-law before him. These qu'et
men are apt to shoot straight. Better keep this to our
teolves."
Deacon Turner not only kept the revelation to hlmseir.
but apparently his own sacred person also, as he did not
call again .at Windy Hill rancho during Mr. Ilamlin'.*
stay. But he was exceedingly polite in his references to
Jack and alluded patronizingly to "a little chat" they hail
had together. And -when the usual reaction took placo
In Mr. Hamlin's favor and Jack was induced to actually
perform on the organ at High Town church next Sunday,
the deacon's voice was loudest in his praise. Even Pal-
son Greenwood allowed himself to be non-committal as to
the truth of the rumor, largely circulated, that one of tha
most desperate gamblers in the State had been converted
through his exhortations.
So, with breezy walks and games with the children,
occasional confidences with Melinda and Silas, and tho
Sabbath "singing of anthems," Mr. Hamlin's three weeks
of convalescence drew to a close. He had lately relaxed
his habit of seclusion so far as to mingle with the com
pany garnered for more social purpose at the rancho, and
once or twice unbent so far as to satisfy their curiosity in
regard to certain details of his profession. "I have no
personal knowledge of games of cards," said Parson
Greenwood patronizingly, "and I think I am rignt In say
ing that our brothers and sisters are equally Inexperi
enced. I am— ahem— far from believing, however, that
entire Ignorance of evil Is the best preparation for com
bating it, and I should be glad If you'd explain to tho
company the intricacies of various games. There ia one
that you mentioned, with — a — er — Scriptural name."
"Faro," said Hamlin, with an unmoved face.
"Pharaoh," repeated the parson gravely, "and one
which you call 'poker,' which seems to require great self
control."
"I couldn't make you understand poker without your
playing It," said Jack decidedly.
"As long as we don't gamble— that ia, play for money—
I see no objection," returned the parson.
"And," •said Jack musingly, "you could use beans."
It was agreed finally that there would be no falling
from grace in their playing among themselves, in an In
quiring Christian spirit, under Jack's guidance, he having
decided to abstain from card-playing during his con
valescence, and Jack permitted himself to be persuaded
to show them the following evening.
It so chanced, however, .that Dr. Duchesne, finding th-»
end of Jack's "cure" approaching, and not hearing from
that Interesting invalid, resolved to visit him at about thi3
time. Having no chance to apprise Jack of his Intention,
on coming to Hightown at night he procured a convey
ance at the depot to carry him to Windy Hill rancho. The
wind blew with its usual nocturnal rollicking persistency,
and at the end of his turbulent drive it seemed almost
impossible to make himself heard above the roaring of tha
pines and some astounding preoccupation of the inmates.'
After vainly knocking the doctor pushed open th© front
door and entered. He rapped at the closed sitting-room
door, but receiving no reply pushed It open upon the moat
unexpected and astounding scene he had ever witnessed.
Around the center-table a dozen respectable members of
the Hightown church. Including' tho parson, were gath
ered, with intense and eager faces, playing poker, and
behind the parson, with his hands In his pockets, care
lessly lounged the doctor's patient, the picture of health
and vigor! A disused pack of cards was scattered on tho
floor, and before the gentle and precise Mrs. Rivers was
heaped a pile of beans that would have filled a quart
measure.
When Dr. Duchesne had tactfully retreated before tha
hurried and stammering apologies of his host and hostess
and was alone with Jack in his rooms he turned to him
with a gravity that wus more than half affected and said.
■"How long, sir, did It take you to effect this corruption?"
"Upon my honor," said Jack simply, "they played laft
night for the first time. And they forced ma to show
them. But," added Jack, after a significant pause, "I
thought It would make the game livelier and be more of a
moral lesson if I gave them nearly all 'good, pat hands.
So I ran In a cold deck on them— tho first time I ever did
such a thing In my life. I fixed up a pack of cards so
that one had three tens, another three jacka, another
three queens and so on up to three aces. In a minute they
had all tumbled to the game, and you never saw such
betting. Every man and woman there believed he or she
had struck a sure thing, and staked accordingly. A new
panful of beans was brought on, and Seth, your friend,
banked for them. And at last the parson raked in. the
whole pile."
"I suppose you gave him the three aces," said Dr.
Duchesne gloomily.
"The parson," said Jack slowly, "hadn't a single pair
In his hand. It was the stoniest, deadest, neatest bluff I
ever saw! And when he'd frightened off the last man who
held out and laid that measly hand of his face down on
that pile of kings, queens and aces and looked around the
table as he raked in the pile there was a smile of humble
self-righteousness on his face that was worth double tho
money.".
CCt» 2nd4 .
2728
WHOM SANTA CLAUS REGLECTS
Y~f EAN AT^STOrC had seen hernusband
( grow reckless, irresponsible, indif
\ ferent under the strain of enforced
r*J idleness. During the long weeks
since the mills had shut down shs
had been a stanch and brave wife
ena had never flinched with the struggle
with poverty. Sometimes, however, when
she had seen Tom's flushed face and ex
cited eyes she had wondered why, if there
was money for drink, baby roust do with
out nourishing food: for herself, it did not
matter. But with t$£fine reserve of a
strong nature sfce scorned to make coni
pJaint.
More and more often Tom came home
unsteady and unnatural and after he had
fallen into a heavy sleep she would creep
into baby's cot, shivering in a nervous re
pulsion and would remember how. when
a high-spirited girl, she had said on'hear
ing of the suffering of other women, "If
ever my husband should drink I would
leave him the very first time. 1 Then
baby's scft little hand would* slip up to
her face and baby's warm breath would
ectid an eiectrie thrill to her heart and she
■would pity the girl phe once was, all
IgnbfiUit of the strong tie that binds a
woman to the father cf tier first child. In
the morning she would greet Tom. not
with reproaches, but with hot coffee,
wlf-.'ly cheer and words of encourage
ment: "Pon't get blue. dear. I am sure
our troubles will ond soon."
In spite of her hope", liowcvcr. it
locked as though Christmas would dawn
with the- mills still idle. But in sonic
■way baby muFt have the walking doll she
coveted. She had written a runny little
letter to Santa Olaus af/kins for it. arni.
to make doubly sure, had prayed Gcd to
'member Santa CJa'.:s about it. She had
even jrone s='J tar sts to direct both God
r.nd Santa Clans at T.hat shop the walk
ing doll could bo found. Her tender little
heart must rot be broken by disappoint
ment. So Jean had done what Torn hai
always been too proud to have her do hi -
fore— slie had got j=cme piecework at Alii
ler's shop, and for the last few days h.xd
been working early rvnd la to.
On the moraine before Christmas iii >
v.oik was finiFln-d — three dozen children".;
night-dresses, for which Jean was to re
ceive a dollar and a half, just the prlt-e
of the W3lk:::g doll. With smiling face
<5hc rose from her sewing-machine. T >m
had been* moving about the room rcs;
lessly.
••It lr.aLcs a pretty big bundle. Tow."
the said, us she did up the garment..-,
•"but 1 gm?j you can manajj? it. O:i your
way home set—"
She looked meaningly at baby for ths
completion of the sentence. A mom-:!,',
afterward a ;>a;:;? came to her henn.
"What if Tom— but she angrily slew Vvz
thought. Was not baby Tom's as well as
hers? She was crowing too harsh in her
fccli::srs toward Tom. Thus she iv
preached herself ard kissed him good by
more tenderly than usual, while baby
callcd after him. "If you see Santa Claus.
papa, "member him about the walkir-fi
doll."
Late hi the afternoon Jean and baby
sat at the window of the little kitchen,
peering into the tenement court below, tue
child's «?ycs fuM *-f expectancy, the moth
er's fine brow knit into a. frown. Baby's
thrill prattle smote Jean's heart rathi-r
than her car. At dusk Jean gathered the
child to her arms, and said:
"Listen to mamma, baby. You mustn't
expect any dollie this evening."
"Won't Santa. Claus bring it?" said
baby, with trembling lip.
"Santa Claus is dead," said Jean, bit
terly.
Baby looked bewildered. This was news
too awful for comprehension, too big for
a baby's tears. With a prescience of what
was coming, Jean carried the child across
the tenement-house hall, to play with her
neighbor's children, for kind Mrs. Schmidt
loved baby as her own child.
"Is God dead, too?" whispered baby, as
her mother set her down.
"No. darling," said Jean, gently. "Don't
feel bad, dear. You have Rosie left."
Jean returned to her lonely waich at the
window, in the mournful gray twilight of
Christmas eve. Her heart was swollen
snd aching. Involuntarily her thoughts
went back to the past and dwelt upon one
whose life was clean and strong, but very
lonely because Ehe had given her heart to
Tom. If she had married John Stirling—
all her loyal wifehood rose up against the
thought. 6he shivered. It must be ner
vousness at the child's disappointment
that made her so weak. She would not
accuse Tom yet-^ome accident might
have happened.
But even with the thought she saw him
shuffling across the court below; one look
at his face as he entered the doorway to
come up their staircase, and she knew all.
She was standing with her comely figure
drawn to its full height, and her hands
clasped behind her. Tvhen Tom entered
the room shamefacedly. His eyes shifted
uneasily. Perhaps if he had not smiled
foolishly as he spoke Jean could have for
given him.
"Didn't mean to. Jean. Met Jim Haley.
He treated, and "
A ewordllke look from Jean's scornful
«yes cat short his pitiful excuse.
"Jean, I saved a quarter." he said, dep
recatingly, producing the money from his
pocket.
Jean was putting on her hat and coat.
Bhe neither saw nor heard. One consum
ing wrath for pity of her baby possessed
her.
Tom was thoroughly frightened. He
was used to reticence instead of re
proaches, but this portentous silence so
bered him.
"Jean, where are you going?" he de
manded, laying his hand on her arm.
She threw it off. Her great eyes blazed
on him until they scorched his soul. He
let her go without remonstrance. This
euperb and wrathful woman was new to
him; she was not his gentle, forgiving
Jean.
Jean Alston went out intcKthe street
Her fierce anger was not the work of a
moment: It was the culmination of the
hunger and weariness, the disappoint
ments, the heart sickness, the growing
repulsion to her husband's weakness of
the last few weeks. In her hot resent
ment that her child's joy should be sold
on Christmas eve for a glass of liquor
she had quickly made up her mind to go
to John Stirling's home. She would no
longer hide her poverty from him, but
would beg the trifling sum that would
buy the walking doll and happiness* for
baby.
She walked through the Joyous, noisy
streets, deaf to the "Merry Christmases"
pelting the air with their sweetness, un
til one struck her own ear.
"Merry Christmas, Mrs. Alston!"
She looked up with bewildered eyes
into the friendly face of John Stirling
himself. •
"My God, Jean! What is It?" His voice
had lost its holiday tone at sight of her
face.
"Santa Claus is dead!" she said, hys
terically.
"Jean, what is wrong? • Tell me," hc«
insisted. :•[ .-V;:
Jean's hand went up to her throat as
though she were strangling. It was
harder to tell than she had thought.
"It's that brute," ho said. "He's Lren
drinking again— and on Christmas eve,
too."
Still Jean could not speak.
"I tell you, Jean, it's time for you to
leave him," he. said, firmly. "You have
stood it long enough. He'll not reform.
Men like him never do."
Jean made a little, gesture of gotjd-bj'!
"No; you'll not leave me yet. You must
listen," he continued. "Because you
made the mistake of marrying him is no
reason why you should throw your life
away — and baby's too."
Jean turned to him again.
"Come, walk with me and let us talk
it over," he said more gently.
There was comfort in the strength of his
friendship. It was sweet, for the mo
ment, to lean upon the strong will and
affection of her old-time lover; for so long
she had been the one upon whom a weak
er had depended. He spoke' reasonably,
delicately, of her duty to her child and to
herself. He asked her no questions of
what had happened that day; he knew
Jean's reserve too well for that. He In
truded none of his old disappointments,
none of his new hopes. He planned for
her future considerately, calmly. Jean
and baby were to come and live with his
sister, Jean's old friend, where they could
be quiet and happy. Jean might work
for herself for . a while, and then — they
went no further in words; but life seemed
to broaden out before Jean into new peace
and hope.
At parting John said, "Won't you come
to-night? Mary will be ready ■ for you
and baby."
"No, no; to-morrow," she answered,
nervously.
After he had left her, she remembered
that she had not told him of baby's dis
appointment,: and for some reason which
she could not have analyzed she was glad,
glad.
She stopped for baby at her neighbor's
room, but Mrs. Schmidt told her that she
had taken the child home and put her to
bed. "Her father was there asleep, bo I
knew she would be safe," she added..
Jean entered her little kitchen. It
seemed like another woman's home, now
that she had . decided to leave it. The
room was quiet, but she could hear baby's
sweet treble from the inner room. She
opened the door noiselessly. The light
from the tenement court fell upon baby
kneeling by her little cot, with Rosie, her
ragged old doll, held tight in her arms.
Tho father lay asleep on his bed. A cer
tain vibrant tone in baby's voice, the glint
of her fine-spun hair, the droop of her
delicate head, were all her inheritance
from her father. The mother felt, with
a catch at her heart, that the little one
was not her baby, but their baby. *
"Dear God," she was praying earnestly,
"I s'pbse you couldn't send me the new
doll, 'cause. Santa Claus Is dead.' And
p'raps^you was 'frald I'd forget Rosie
if I had 'nother dollie that could • walk
all by herself. " Dear God, I thank you for
letting me keep Rosie and I'll love her
very hard, 'cause she's my only dollie."
The voice broke a little.
Jean's eyes were full. The loyal littlt*
prayer was calling her back to v the fa
miliar duty and the old love. /
"Dear God," baby continued, "I'll help
Rosie to walk, so^one won't f eel ; bad
'cause she Isn't a walking doll." """
The child's. little confidence to the Al
mighty ended 'with a sleepy sob and a
tighter hug of Rosie.
Jean caught the child in her arms. "My
THE SUNDAY CALL.
blessed little savtor, my little Christ'
child!" she cried over her.
'Baby's eyes were tear wet; she, too, had
had her little struggle before reconciling
herself to the old dollie that couldn't
walk. She smiled drowsily at her mother
and with one arm round her neck and one
round . Rosie fell asleep.
Very quietly Jean arose and went to her
husband's side. He was lying like a tired
boy with one arm thrown above his
head. as 'she had often seen him after a
hard day's work. She noticed how thin
the arm was. For the first time she
realized that perhaps under his thought
lci-s indifference he had worried more
than she knew. He was young to have a
wife and a child to care for. She
found herself making excuses for him.
She remembered that it had been his
light-hearted boyishness that had first
won the love of her more serious ntaure..
The mother-feeling dormant in her wife
hood arose into full life, .sweet and
strong. A grave smile softened her fea
tures. If he .could not walk alone she
must 1 help him. God had. meant It so in
giving him to her. Well she knew there
would be much stumbling, but the
thought of- leaving him appeared to her
now as a betrayal— she could no more do
it than she could desert baby. They
were both her children. ■
As Jean stooped over her husband she
felt a package in his pocket. She smiled
when she saw it was candy for baby.
Tnere is a golden thread of comedy glis
tening in every tragedy. She remembered
the quarter, and knew that he had had
one victory over self, however" small-
Jean placed a kiss on his forehead, the
truest and purest she * had ever given
him. He stirred a little and muttered in
his sleep, "Jean, I didn't mean to." It
was a child's pleading, and a divine
mother-love shone in her face.
By and by he awoke suddenly, a look of
terror In his face and cried out, "Jean!"
She thrilled to the note of appeal. When
he saw her sitting by his side he went on
breathlessly, "Oh. my darling. I thought
you had left me! Jean, Jean, forgive me
and help me."
"Hush, boy!" It was her old pet name
for him. "It Is Christmas eve. Let us
be born anew to-night In our love for each
Holland's Little Queen Jealous of Her Rights.
QUEEN WILHELMINA of Holland
never under any circumstances
makes use of a closed carriage ex
cepting at night. No matter wheth
er It is cold or hot, whether it snows,
rams or storms, she Invariably drives
about in an open equipage in full view of
her subjects, accustomed thereto from her
infancy by her mother, who trained her
in the most admirable manner for her
mission as a constitutional sovereign.
She is usually accompanied by a lady
in-waiting .as sole escort, and, although
she Is a warm-hearted woman, yet she is
mindful of the dignity of her position.
Thus the other day when she met an
officer while out driving, who happened to
be the brother of her lady-in-waiting, she
returned his military salute with a most
gracious smile and inclination of the head.
But noticing that her companion had
waved her hand in a familiar way to her
brother, she frowned and exclaimed cold
ly: "I should be much obliged to you, my
dear, if you would avoid these little fam
ily effusions when you have the honor to
accompany me."
True, after she reached home the Queen
endeavored by every means in her power
to atone for the chagrin to which she had
subjected her attendant, and among other
things presented her with a handsome
piece of jewelry. But the lady, while re
stored to favor, is not likely to forget the
lesson which she has received or even to
render herself again guilty of such a
breach of etiquette.
The Queen is jealous of her preroga
tives, as she showed at the time of the
other. I. too, have been wlcksd, but baby
has saved me."
She led him quietly to baby's cot. The
tiny child mother lay with the forlorn old
dollie nestled In the warm curve of her
arm. Tom looked at her and bowed his
head.
"God forgive me! Tou are both too
good for me. You are two angels!"
"She Is our child," said the mother
simply.
As the young father and mother J»lth
hands clasped stood gazing uponrfeieir
sleeping child the newspaper boy's cry
came from the street below:
"The mill3 to open with the New Year!"
"God Is alive." said Jean.
Tom straightened himself and stood
erect and manly for the first time la many
a day.
"Baby shall have her Christmas doll,"
he said.
trip to Europe of old President Krujer.
It was she alone to whom belonged the in
itiative of placing a Dutch man-of-war at
his disposal for the Journey, and when
the Ministers, assembled in Cabinet coun
cil, ventured to question the policy of this
move, pointing out to her that It ml*at
cause complications with foreign, powers
notably with England, aha exclaimed
sharply:
VThe constitution Invests mo with th«
supreme command of the navy, as well as
of the army, and, as far as they are con
cerned, my Ministers have no other duty
than to insure the prompt execution o£
my orders."
The Ministers looked at ons another la
dismay, offered no further objections and
fulfilled her directions, with the result
that the cruiser Gelderland was dis
patched to Delagoa Bay to embark Pres
ident Kruger and to brln?; him. to Eu
rope. ,
The young Queen, In addition to herjpr!
vate secretary's department, has 01 jVia.
lzed a sort of private political chancellery,
which is entrusted with the duty of mak
ing a brief explanatory report of every
document submitted to her for signature.
She absolutely declines to Bign any paper
unless she has a sort of "precis," contain
ing the necessary information about the
matter for which her sign manual Is re
quired. If the report appears to her ta
be inadequate she asks for further data,
and. If necessary, even irummons Min
isters or experts to her presence in order
to obtain the fullest kind of explanation.
Not only her Ministers, but likewise every
official of the Dutch Government service
knows this, and tho result is that in tha
hope of avoiding all unnscessary detail
every one endeavors to make the matter
in question as clear and concise as pos
sible.TERSE CHRISTMAS SERMONS
REV. E. A. WOODS
gHHOLD. I brine you good tidings
of great joy, which shall be 10 all
people.-Luke 11:10.
Before the days of the telegraph
we had various methods of eend
txx news, such as lighting bonfire* and
Irirp puns. Telegraph Hill was such a
signal station. When the Erie canal was
■ompleted at Buffalo, X. Y., in 1S25. can
non were placed fifteen miles apart all
he way to New York, a distance of 450
yr.'.les. and these were fired to carry the
•.ews; and it took an hour and a half for
•he sound thus to reach New York. Now
telegraph and cable we receive a mes
sage from London or Berlin.
But a messagre from Heaven was brought
ty an Angel. This message was Important
and wonderful, for It declared that the
Son of God was born Into the world as
a little child. The message came at
night, the heavens v.ere all aglow, and
2. great company of Angels appeared in
;he sky and they sang. "Glory to God in
the highest, on earth peace, good will to
men."
But what did the coming of Christ
mean to the world?
People who do not know about Christ
have wrong- Ideas of God. They are afraid
cf him, think he is angry with them and
dees not love them. The heathen nations
Gofi« rartlaJ, changeful." passionate, unjust.
■Who«« attributes are rage, revenge anh lust.
Christ came to tell us that God Is our
Father and to reveal his character to us.
The hero Hector was going forth to war,
with his glistening armor, his waving
plumes and his shining helmet He turn
ed to say good-by to his little son, but
the child was afraid of him and cried
out la terror. He then took off his armor
and held out his hand, and the child
laughed and rushed to him.
So God has laid aside all that which
fills men with fear and he took the form
cf a man uat men may see him as he Is
and understand him. When little chil
dren saw Jesus they were not afraid but
came right to him. So when God seems
so mysterious and so terrible to us, let us
think about Jesus, and remember that he
told his disciples that "He who has seen
me has seen God the Father." The
teaching is that God Is our Father, and
REV. W. K. GUTHRIE
QSHET met upon the street, the o'.d
I man and the little boy, and there
I was a friendliness In the air which
I made them speak, for it was
JL Christmastide.
"Here Is Christmas again, and what
shall we do? I have seen sixty of them,
and they all seem much the same," said
the old man.
"Well, I have only seen twelve," said
the little boy. "and I am going to make
each of mine different."
"How are you going to do !t?'* asked
the old man, for the Joy of real interest
shone In the little fellow's face.
"Well, you know I have been thinking
a good deal about Christmas lately, and
wondering why we all talk about It as
such a happy season, for it Is about the
worst part of the year, cold and damp
and cheerless, and I wonder if that was
r.ct Just why Christ came to us at such
a time. Don't you remember how sad and
lonely Mary was. and yet how she forgot
REV. JOHN A. B. WILSON
X-yECOND CORINTHIANS. viil:0:
V—^. "For ye know the grace of our Lord
V~ 1 Jesus Christ, that, though he was
P"""^ rich, yet for your sakes he became
poor, that ye through his poverty
Ri:jjht be rich." \
With all cur knowledge 1 and power of
acquiring It there is much In nature that
we cannot comprehend. Mystery is writ
ten on every leaf, in the painting of every
flower. The astronomer may measure the
distances of the stars ar.d compute the
velocity of light, but one is too great tfie
other too vast for our feeWc grasp of In
tellect. But the incomprehensibility of
these dwindles Into insignificance com
pared with the amazlr-g condescension of
the Son of God. "It Is higher than
heaven, what cunst thou do? deeper
than hell, what car.st thou know? The
measure thereof is longer than the earth
and broader than the sea." — Job xf:8-9.
So far is it above us that we may not ex
plore the wonders cf its realms, but only
"gaze and marvel and adore." We may.
however, have our limited capacity filled
with the vision by proper reflection upon
t'.io riches, poverty and purpose of our
l»jrd in his condescension as here pre
eonted. But even then, all that we com
prehend, compared with that which lies
beyond, is only cs an atom to the world
en wbJch we live or the twinkling of a
firefly to the brightness of the sun.
•"Such condescension Is too wonderful for
roe: it Is high, I cannot attain unto it."—
Ps. cxxxIx:C.
I— THE OBJECT OF HIS CONDE
SCENSION 1 .
"That ye through his poverty might be
rich."
1. Not for personal aggrandizement— he
was rich beyond increase; not to secure
the rich in his possessions, but forgiveness
to the debtor. Not to deliver the innocent,
hut that the guilty might be acquitted.
Not for the sake of friends, he died for his
enemies, not for the reward of servants,
but the wealth of Ingrates.
•That ye through his poverty might be
rich."
2. He became poor that ye might be
rich, saved from the poverty of sin and
:ij ■ r partakers of his grace. That ye
might be delivered from the consequences
of transgression and be Justified through
faith in h'.s name. That your feet might
by looking: to Jesus we may see and know
him.
And this good news from Heaven Is for
ell men and women and children. Good
news for tome people Is sometimes bad
news for others. Kut here is some good
news for every one— for the Chinese and
the Japanese ord the Negroes— for all
nations. Good news for poor and rich,
for children and for old people, and this
is the message: "Unto you is born this
day In the city of David a Savior who Id
Christ the Lord." .
Christ came into the world to make
u* Christians— make us like himself. He
was pure and kind and full of love to
all, and it Is not easy for us to be like
him.
It has been said that we all have wild
beasts In our hearts, and it is not easy
for us to tame and conquer them. Some
times we snap and snarl and then the
wolf is in our hearts. Sometimes we are
selfish and ungrateful and then the swine
Is showing itself. Sometimes we are de
ceitful and revengeful, then it is the
tiger in our hearts. Sometimes there is
the suspiciouj. fault-finding spirit which
hunts for evil— this is 'the vulture. To
muzzle and train these animals in our
eelves, to draw their teeth and claws and
stings, to conquer them and make them
our helpers— this is what Christ will do
for us.
If we are like Christ we shall be striv
ing to make others happy.
One day Just before Christmas a letter
came to a postofflce directed to Mr. Santa
Claus. What should the postmaster do
with it? He opened It in the presence of
some gentlemen. It was from a little girl
asking Santa. Claus for some good things
for her father, her sick mother ani her
little brother, but she did not ask any
thing for herself. The gentlemen made
inquiry and found the family very poor,
found the little girl who showed the
spirit of Christ by seeking good things
for others rather than for herself. Christ
mas came and the needed things came
to the family, and the little girl herself
was not forgotten. '
As we give and receive good gifts on
Christmas day let us not forget to say,
"Thanks be unto God for his unspeakable
gift." • - .,•••. ;-. :...
all her sadness and loneliness and the
nasty things the people had said aboyt
her when they turned her away from the
inn at Bethlehem, and how even the cold
and cheerless stable and the great big
cattle that bad frightened her all were
forgotten, and how glad and happy and
satisfied she was when the. little stranger
came. Then all her thought was, not
'How uncomfortable am I,' but 'How can
I make this little one comfortable?'
"And so from that very first moment
that Jesus was on earth we have been
taught that the way to be really comfort
able is to forget our own discomfort in
the care of some one else." •
With that, and a bright smile at part-
Ing, the little fellow ran away, and the
old man was left thinking If this Christ
mas for him might not also be different
and if his aches and pains 'and loneliness
would not disappear if he, too. shou'd
lose himself In bringing joy and comfort
to some other life.
be taken out of the pit of miry clay and
pet upon a rock. That your short lives
might end in eternal glory.
II— THAT YE MIGHT .BE RTCH
WHERE HE WAS POOR.
1. In life the season of his humiliation,
the state of his sorrow, the time of his
poverty. Rich in hope as an anchor to the
soul both sure and steadfast, which hath
entered into that within the veil.
Rich in joy and gladness, coming to
Zlon with songs and everlasting joy upon
our heads. "Rich in peace that passeth
all understanding, keeping your hearts
and minds through Christ Jesus."
2. In death, "My God. my God, why
hast thou forsaken me?" was his agon
ized utterance, when being made a curse
for us. through which— "Though I walk
through the valley and the shadow of
death. I will fear no evil, for thou art
with me; thy rod and thy staff they com
fort me." Aye, his poverty has pur
chased the presence of God for
us amid the gloom of death and
his rod . and staff they comfort
me. Having fought a good fight, finished
my course and kept the faith, his poverty
entitles to a crown of life, and not to
me only, but unto all wh4 love his ap
pearing and who make choice of the
benefits accruing to them through his
poverty.
Ill— RICH WHERE HE WAS RICH.
In possession of the mansions in his
Father's house, the place he went to
prepare; rich in Joint heirship with him
to an Inheritance Incorruptible, undo filed
and that fadeth not away.
Rich where he was poor and rich where
he was rich.
RJch in remitted sins and Imputed
righteousness, rich In graces given, prom
ises fulfilled and love bestowed. Rich in
all that weal requires here, or glory here
after. Rich in all that man need long
for or God bestow.. Rich In the sancti
fied joys of earth and immortal bliss of
heaven.
These are soms of the blessings arising
from the condescension of - the Son of
God, who. when justice demanded .: our
execution and there was no eye to. pity
and no arm to save, ■ . . . .
Ha satr. and O amaxio* lov«.
He flew to our relief.
Renouncing his grandeur and consenting
to humiliation, he bore our sins in nis
own body on the tree.
And tbua for all a ransom paid,
For all - a full atonement made—
Oh, for euch love let rocks and hills .,
., Their lasting silence break
And all harmonious human toniriei
The Savior's praises speak. .
."For though he was rich, yet for your
sakes he became poor, that ye through
h's poverty might be rich." .
Of ' this you are- not ignorant. Though
some have not '.the knowledge •• of the
truth, ye have It always with you. While
others walk In darkness ye have the
light.- Though' the heathen in his blind
ness bows : down ' to wood and stone, .. ye
know the grace : of our Lord Jesus Christ,
and heaven and . earth , and . heil t'l|quire
what application, we will make of». the
knowledge. ;' . • v j
L. May it inspire us with gratitude— not
that which spends itself in empty words,
but gratitude so deep and strong as to
hate the sins that occasioned his pov
erty; to move to repentance for past
transgressions, faith in his all-atoning
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Dioua ror paraon and "trust for future
keeping; entire consecration of soul,
body; arid spirit, which are his ; perfect
confidence In a perfect Savior and perfect
affection toward a God of love who is too
wise to err and too goo'd to be unkind.
2. A gratitude that makes 'us zealous
for others that may; obtain like precious
faith, leading us to desire and pray, to
work : and . hope for the time when na
tions shall learn war no more, when mil
lennial glory shall dawn and all, the ends
oi the earth shall see the salvation of
our God. -
A gratitude exhibited in active benevo
lence, feeding the hungry, clothing the
naked, giving drink to the thirsty, taking"
the stranger In," visiting the sick and pris
oners, realizing that I Inasmuch as we. do
it unto the least" 'of these we do it unto
him, who for our sakes became poor that
we through '■ his poverty might be rich;
who, for- the Joy of bringing wander
ers back to God, endured the cross, de
spised the shame and Is set down at the
right hand of the throne of God, where
13 ever llveth to make Intercession
for us.
. O Jesus, was ever condescension— was
ever love like thine? Come, angels,
tune your harps anew, the theme de
mands your sweetest sonj. Come, saints,
and adore him, come bow at his feet, in
company with the shining host who cast
their crowns at his feet and cry holy,
holy, holy forever. Come, unbeliever, and
cease from sin in presence of such grace;
take a new song in your mouth, even
praises to our God. Come, redeemed and
sanctified of ages, with your mead of ad
miration. Come, sin bruised, sin stained,
sin mangled souls, come sink Into
the purple flood and 'rise to all
the life: of God, with loud hosan
cas of "unto him that hath loved
and washed us from our sins in his own
blood and hath made us kings and
priests unto God and his t athe^ to him
be glory and dominion forever and ever."
"For ye know the grace of our Lord
Jesus Christ, for though he was rich; yet
for your sakes he became poor, that ye
through his poverty might be rich." .
FATHER CHARLES A. RAMM
C~T^ HE coming or the Infant Child on
1 Christmas day was not intended
I ■ to be merely his advent into the
JL world. And yet his birth is 'an
event external to us. and hia Ufa
laden though it be with the pre
cious benefits of the redemption Is never
theless a fact or a series of facts in itself
entirely outside of us.
The great loving humiliation of the In
carnation was the placing of those treas
ures within our reach which are indis
pensable to our salvation. But these do
not communicate themselves to Ais. "We
must reach out and take them; apart
from us they can do us no good. In other
words, our Blessed Lord's coming on
earth to be of profit to us personally must
be not only his entrance into the dead out
er world, but Into the living Inner world
of our soul. "Where he desires to dwell Is
not in churches, or In tabernacles of
stone, but In the temples of his children's
hearts. .
His presence In the physical world then
—like his sacramental presence upon the
altar-lB but his lingering in a cold vesti
bule until some warm heart will open Its
portal to receive him into the glowing
Banctuary of Its love. "Behold, I stand at
the gate and knock." He stands and
waits, alas,, too often In vain. It is still
true as of old. He comes to his own ami
his own receive him not. But "if any
man shall hear my voice and open to me
the door, I will come in to him and will
cup with him and be with him." Tobias
and his son fell on their., faces when they
realized they-had entertained an angel
unawares. We in communion knowingly
receive as a guest Into our hearts the
angel's God and only bow our heads in
difficult reverence.
Bethlehem, Nazareth, Calvary and ihe
altar, these, then, are only stations on his
way where he lingers for a time waiting
longingly for thalast step. Men's souls
are his desired abiding place. "If any
one love me he will keep my word and
my Father will love him and we will come
to him and will make our abode with
him." " Unaided and of his own accord ho
has come from heaven to the manger,
and from the manger to the altar; there
in deference to us he pauses. And it is
the last stage of his way, from the taber
nacle to his home In the hearts of men,
which is bo often blocked to his further
coming,
REV. GEORGE C. ADAMS
fT^HE song which the angels sang on
I , the night when Christ was born is
. . I unlike anything the world has
i -/ heard elsewhere. No poem or prose
. . . ■ of any other religion has ever pro
duced a sentence equal to that, "Glory to,
God in the highest and on earth peace,
pcod will toward men." And they sang
because the babe that was born was to
be a revelation of God's love.
We have always been anxious to know
about God ever since the time when Moses
became bold to ask, "Show me thy glory."
Men of all classes, theologians and sci
entists, are, anxious for a revelation. No
matter how skeptical men are with regard
to what others believe they would wel
come a positive revelation. It was Kep
ler who, when he was thinking out the
great laws In accordance with which the
planets move, exclaimed reverently, "O
God. I think thy thoughts after thee."
With this great longing in human hearts
to know the Creator it is no wonder that
the angels rejoiced and sung when ona
was born Into the world who would reveal
that Creator as he had never been re
vealed before.
They sang "Glory to God in the highest"
because the glory of God is his goodness.
There Is nothing selfish in his revelation
of himself to us. Our theological state
ments sometimes make him appear selfish,
but in all his revealing through the Old
Testament history we may read one long,
patient effort to lift up a people and make
them great. So the greatness of the glory
of God in this earth, is proportionate to
the greatness of the revelation of his love.
A man who was trained in another faith
and who recently became a Christian tes
tifies that for years he was balancing in
his mind Mahomet's policy of spreading
his belief with the sword and , Jesus'
REV. F. W. CLAMPETT
IT is about thirty years ago, as the
mind recalls It, that on the eve of
Christmas great was the excitement
in the town of Waterf ord. Amid the
falling -snow and treading rapidly on
hard frozen surface, men, women and
children . were hurrying through the
streets. Holly, ivy and all the
greens of the famous Green Isle
were being carried into the several
homes. The bells of the Roman Cath
olic Cathedral were ringing their silver
' chimes.' Good will and good humor, be
gotten of national life and of bracing air,
'was the spirit of the night Room upon
room of every home was all alive with
light and laughter, berry and mistletoe.
The gladness of the day soon to tome
seemed to triumph over everything, and
every child was calculating just how far
Santa Claus would respect its wishes.
Soon came the tired, drowsy feeling of the
long walks, the careful ivy-dressing and
the "Santa Claus expectations," and then
the sweet sleep. How long? Dreams of
well filled stockings, well-drilled soldiers,
dolls and candy are disturbed by the
strains of sweetest music. It is not yet
6 o'clock of Christmas morning, but the
marching choir of our own cathedral are
filling the air with the beautiful song,
"Hark! the Herald Angels Sing, Glory to
the New Born King." The long-walted-f or
lights are struck and now the honor of
Santa Claus Is forever vindicated. "What
There are mountains of Iniquity to be
brought low, or there are th« crooked
ways of a tortuous, dishonest conscience
to be made straight. Until these things
be done our Lord's coming la for U3
vain. There was no room for him at the
Inn. There la no room for him In some
hearts. They are already filled with
other guests, usurpers of God's place in
his own temple. No wonder the world !s
not better. The world cannot be thor
oughly Christian until the Individuals in
It are Christian, and the individuals can
not be Christian until Christ lives in their
hearts: and he will not live In any heart
with his enemies— with pride. Injustice,
lust and all wickedness.
These latter things stand In the way of
reformation and they all proceed from th»
hearts of men. Reformation must be
from within. Good comes from the- heart
as well as evil. Make oen'i thoughts,
motives and beliefs right and their
outward lives cannot be far -wrong. Put
the spirit of Christ In their hearts and
their lives will be CbxistUie and tho
world will be Christian. "Peace," sans
the angels. "Peace on earth"— not to all
only "peace to men of good will." There
Is no peace for those of evil wtU but that
semblance or it which is deatn.
We all celebrate the feast of Christ
mas. Around the day have grown
up many customs— some good, soma
Indifferent, some bad. The engross
ing nature of modern life has a
tendency to give a purely secular char
acter to those customs and to substitute
for the divine significance of the festival
an earthly meaning, and for Its spiritual
joys the pleasures of an earthly feast.
Our ears hear too much of the deafening
noise of business activity, or of the ab
sorbing hum ef social whisperings. Our
eyc3 see too much of the nltndjlnjr gl«r«
of electric art or the soft glov of social
lamps. We cannot hear the heavenly
harmonies of the angels* voices nor see
the brightness of God that shone round
about the simple shepherd.
King Herod and the chief priests and
scribes ef the people of Jerusalem saw
not the Star of the Magi for the splen
dor of worldllnesa which enveloped them.
Just as the guiding light of the polar
star vanishes in the coarso blaze of the
noonday.
The fullness or Christmas blessings
comes only to the heirs of the believing
shepherds, to those who have eyes ef
faith and hearts of love.
method of propagating his gospel by sac
rifice. It took this man years to see It
before he fully realized that the only
lasting power of the ■ gospel must be
through love. It was because of this that
the angels sang. They knew that the love
of God was coming Into the world as It
had never been revealed before and then
they sang, ''Peace on earth."
When our'thoughts go back through the
centuries and we recall how much blood
shed there has been In the name of re
ligion we need not be at all surprised that
many teachers among the Jews instruct
the boys under their care that the Buf
ferings and persecutions that their race
have undergone are due to Jesus Christ,
but one who studies the gospel of Christ
knows well that these persecutions have
been because of the absence of the lov*
of Christ In the hearts of those who did
these things. The whole spirit of Jesus
is one of peace. He gave no authority to
his followers to persecute tho3e who dif
fered from them, and they who have so
persecuted have widely missed the spirit
of the Son of God. The absence of Christ
in his church, and not his presence In it
has been responsible for wars and perse
cutions. Christ came to bring 1 peace and
wherever he gets thorough hold of the
human soul there is peace, and to Just the
extent tha,t peace is absent from that soul
to that extent is the Son of God absent.
As the spirit of Christ wins in humanity
we see more efforts at individual and na
tional peace. The song of the angels Is
yet to be realized and peace In all the
earth Is yet to be the rule. "We can
afford to be patient while the teachings
of Jesus are gaining sway over humanity
and we can afford to live In hope- of .the
day when we shall all be brought nearer
to each other because we have been
brought nearer to our Father.
presents! How kind! How thoughtful la
this friend from the seas of frozen vist
ness! The older ones shake their clothes
of snow as they step Into God's house ©}
sweet communion. Crowds view the hum
ble stall at Bethlehem in the dimly lighted
friary chapeL. The choir of church and.
the choir of home are heard all through
these morning hours. And then cornea the
home reunion. The boys from college tell
tales of great things to their younger
brothers. There breathes throughout It
all the spirit that makes thejtrlsh booms
bright with Joys, immaculate In its chas
tity. The overhanging mistletoe turns the
crime of kiss-stealing Into an ordinary
misdemeanor. And then comes the Christ-,
mas finale. The Immortal roast backed,
up by mother's own plum-pudding, Hotp
fierce, and then how' deathlike do the**
faces become as the pudding burns its
light. And then the same subtle sleep
creeps on, the sound of th« ehlmta
grow fainter and fainter, and all tha
things of sense begin to fade, then
the dream again! Santa Claus enters an<5
terrifies with his awful grin, the toy sol
diers have assumed life and fisht the jnor-.
tal combat, . the revered stocking fa rent
and all Its contents Io3t, and ever all
there seems to tower In mountainous pro
portion the. old plum-pudding. Closer tha
clothes are tucked, the kiss of good-night
is repeated and the Irish Christmas Itself
becomes a dream.
2930
THE SUNDAY CAI/L.GRAUSTARK THE STORY OF A LOVE BEHIND
THE THRONE
CHAPTER XVI II— Continued.
FLIGHT AT MIDNIGHT. .
BOW rash you are to refuso liberty
and life for such a trifle. But
why, I ce!i, am I offering you this
chance 10 tscape? Is it because 1
flo hope to s< e you sjjain? Is It
But enough that 1 am bepglnjj, imploring
you u> gal 1 can say no mere."
He folded the brief note, written In
BLSttation, and. utter kissing" it. proceed
ed to i/vict ii in his pocket, determined
to keep it 10 the last hour cf his life,
Glscciu? op at a pound from the guard,
he found V.iruself looking into the mi:zzl«
of a revolver. A deep scowl overs:>ivad
the face of the taan a.s he pointed to tha
letter and then the luinp. There was no
mistaking his meaning. Lorry reluctant
ly held the note over tha i!urne and eav/
KkcnaaMa away as had Its predecessor.
Ij&pre vies to be no proof of her com
j>;/city left behind. He knew it would be
tolly to offer a bribe to the loyal guard.
After this very significant act the
g-uard'a face cleared, and he deposited
his big revolver on the table. Stepping
to the cell's entrance, he listened intent
ly, thtn softly closed the heavy iron
doors. "Without a word he began to strip
off his uniform. Lorry watching him as
if fascinated. The fellow looked up im
patiently and motioned for hi:n to be
quick, taking It for granted that the pris
oner understood his part of the transac
tion. Awakened by this sharp reminder.
Lorry nervously began to remove ins
clothes. In five minutes his garments
were scattered over the floor and he was
attired In the uniform of a guard. Not
a word had been spoken. The prisoner
was the guard, the guard a- prisoner.
"Are you not afraid this will cost you
your life?" asked Lorry, first in ; English.
then In German. The guard merely shook
hla head. Indicating that he could not
undertsand.
He Quickly turned to the bed. seized
a sheet and tore it Into strips,
impatiently thrusting Ihcrn into the
other's hands. The lirst letter
had foretold all this, and the prisoner
knew what was expected of him. He
therefore securely bound the guard's legs
and arms. With a grim smile the cap
tive nodded his head toward the revolver.
tjL> lantern and the keys. His obliging
j^soner secured them, as well as his own
personal effects, and was ready to depart.
According to instructions he was to go
forth, locking the doors behind him, leav
ing the man to be discovered the next
morning by surprised keepers. It struck
him that there was something absurd in
this part of the plan. How was this
guard to explain his position with abso
lutely no sign of a struggle to bear him
out? It was hardly plausible that a tig,
strong fellow could be so easily overpow
ered single-handed; there was something
■wretchedly incongruous about the — but
there came a startling and effective end
to bH criticism.
The guard, bound as he was, suddenly
turned and lunged head-foremest against
the sharp bedpost. His head struck with
a thud, and he rolled to the floor as If
dead. Uttering an exclamation of horror.
Lorry ran to hi3 side. Blood was gush
ing from a long gash across his head, and
he was already unconscious. Sickened
by the brave sacrifice, he picked the man
up and placed him on the bed. A hasty
examination proved that it was no more
than a scalp wound, and that death was
too remote to be feared. The guard had
done his part nobly, and it was now the
turn to act as resolutely and
*£S unflinchingly. Sorry to leave the poor
fellow in what eeemed an inhuman man
ner, he strode into the corridor, closed
end locked the doors clumsily, and be-^
gan the descent of the stairs. He had
been instructed to act unhesitatingly, as
the slightest shew of nervousness would
result In discovery.
With the helmet well down over his
face and the cape well up, he steadily,
even noisily made his way to the next
floor below. There ■were prisoners on this
floor, while he had been the only occu-.
pant of the floor above. Straight ahead
he went, flashing his lantern here and
there, passing down another stairway
and Into the main corridor. Here he met
a guard who had just come In from the
outside. The man addressed him in the
language of the country, and his heart
almost stopped beating. How was he to
answer? Mumbling something almost in
audible, he hurried on to the ground
floor, trembling with fear lest the
man should call to him to halt. He
•was relieved to find. In the end,
that his progreES was not to be im
peded. In another moment he was boldly
unlocking the door that led to the visi
tors' halL Then came the door to the
■warden'* office. Here he found three
eleepy guards, none of whom paid any
attention to him as he passed through
ahd entered Captain Dangloss' private
foom. The gruff old captain sat at a
ertu writing. The escaping man half
paused as if to speak to him. A sharp
cough from the captain and a significant
Jerk cf the head told him that there must
be no delay, no words. Opening the door,
he stepped out into a storm, so fierce and
wild that he shuddered apprehensively.
"A fitting night," he muttered, as ho
plunged Into the driving rain, forcing his
■way across the courtyard to the main
sate. The little light in the gatekeeper's
■window was his guide, so, blinded by the
torrents, blown by the winds, he soon
found himself before the final barrier.
Peering through the window, he saw the
*L*ez>*T dozing In bin chair. By the light
from within he selected from the bunch
cf keys he carried one that had a white
string knotted In its ring. This was the
key that was to open the big gate in case
he -was to Rive the countersign, "Dan
glcss," and trust fortune to pass him
through without question.
Luck was with him and, finding the
great lock, he softly Inserted and turned
the key. The wind blew the heavy gate
open violently, and it required all of his
strength to keep it from banging against
the wall beyond. The most difficult task
that he had encountered grew from his
efforts to close the gate against the blast.
He was about to give up In despair when
a hand was laid on his shoulder and some
one bJjsscd In his startled ear:
j^"Shl Not a ward."
-^ jij s legs almost went f rozn under his
riodv so great was the shock and the
fear" Two strong har.ds joined -Jiis own
in the effort to pu!l the door into posi
tion, and he knew at once that they be
lona/ed to the man who was to meet him
on the corner at the right of the prison
■wall. He undoubtedly had tired of the
delay and. feeling secure in the darkness
of the etorm, had come to meet his
charge, the escaping prisoner. Their
united efforts brought about the desired
result, and together they left the prison
behind, striking out against the storm in
all its fury.
"You are late." called the stranger in
his car.
"Not too late, am I?" he cried back,
clutching the other's arm.
"Xo. but we must hasten.**
"Captain Quinnox, Is it you?"
"Have a care! The storm has ears and
can hear names," cautioned the other. As
rapidly as possible they made their way
along the black street, almost a river with
Its sheet of water. Lorry had lost his
bearings, end knew not whither he went,
trusting to the guidance of his struggling
fcmpanion. There seem"ed> to be no end to
| lC j r Journey, he was gTowing weak
IJeneatb the exertion and the excitement.
"How far do tve go?" he cried at last.
"But a few rods. The carriage Is at the
next corner."
"Where is the carriage to take me?" he
demanded.
"I am not at liberty to say."
"Am I to Bee her before I goV
'That is something I cannot answer,
filr. My instructions are to place you in
the carriage and ride beside the driver
until our destination Is reached."
"Is It the castle?" cried the other, Joy
ously.
"It is not the castle," was . the disap
pointing answer.
At that moment they came upon a great
dark hulk and heard the stamping of
horses* hoofs close at hand. It was so
dark they could scarcely discern the
shape 'of the carriage, although they could
touch its side with their hands.
A soldier stood in the shelter of the ve
hicle and opened the door for the Ameri
can.
"Hurry! Get In!" exclaimed Quinnox.
"I wish to know if this is liable to get
her into trouble." demanded Lorry,
pausing with one foot on the steps.
"Get in!" commanded the soldier who
was holding the door, pushing him for
ward uneasily. He floundered Into the car
riage where all v/as dry and clean. In his
hand he still carried the keys and the
lantern, the slide of which he had closed
before. leaving the prison- yard. He could
not see, but he knew that the trappings of
the vehicle were superior. Outside ha
heard the soldier, who was preparing to
enter, say: ' . >.. ■ . •
"This carriage travels on most urgent
business fop her Majesty, captain. It la
not to be stopped."
A moment later he was Inside and the
door slammed. The carriage rocked as
Quinnox swung up beside the driver.
"You may as- well be comfortable," said
Lorry's companion,, as ;he..' sat rigid and.
restless. . "We have a long and rough rido
before us." ' ' :
XIX-THE SOLDIER.
Off went the carriage with a dash, th«
rumble of Its wheels joining In the grew
some roar of the elements. For some tima
the two sat speechless, side by side. ■ Out
side the thunder roiled, "the rain swirled
and hissed, the wind howled and all tha
horrors of nature seemed crowded Into
the blackness ' of that thrilling < night.
Lcrry wondered vaguely whither they
were going, why he had seen no .flashes
of lightning, If he should ever 6ee her
again. His mind was busy, with a thou
sand thoughts and queries.;
"Where are we going?" he asked, after
they had traveled half a mile or bo.
"To a place pt safety," came the reply
from the darkness beside him. ,
"Thanks," he said, drily. "By the way,
don't you have any lightning in this part
of the world? 1 haven't seen a flash to
night."
"It is very rare," came the brief reply,
"Devilish uncommunicative," thought
Lorry. After a moment he asked: • "How
tar do we travel to-night?" .
"A number of miles."
"Then I'm going to take off this wet
coat. It weighs a ton. Won't you remove
yours?" He jerked off the big rain coat
and threw it across to the opposite seat,
with the keys and the lantern. There
was a moment's hesitation on the part of
his companion, and then a second wet
coat followed" the first. Their rain hel
mets were also tossed aside. "Makes a
fellow feel more comfortable."
"This has been too easy to seem like
an escape," went on Lorry, looking back
reflectively over the surprises of . the
, night. "Maybe I am dreaming. Pinch
me."
A finger and a thumb came together on
the fleshy part of bis arm, causing him
to start, lirst In amazement, then In pain.
He- bad -not expected his reserved guard
ian to obey the command literally.
"I am awake, thanks," he laughed, and
the hand dropped from his arm.
After this tnere was a longer silence
than at any time before. Tne soldier
drew himself into the corner of the seat,
an action which repelled further discus
sion, it seemed to Lorry, so he leaned
back In the opposite corner and
allowed his mind to wander far from the
interior of that black, stuffy carriage.
Where was he going? When was he to
leave Graustark? Was he to tee her soon?
Soon the carriage left the smooth streets
of Edelweiss and he could tell, by th«
jolting and careening, that they were in
the country, racing over a rough, rocky
road. It reminded him of an overland trip
he had taken in West Virginia some
mon'ths before, with the fairest girl In all
the world as his companion. Now he wa3
riding In her carriage, but with a surly,
untalkatlve soldier of the guard. The
more he allowed his thoughts to revel in
the American ride and its delights,, the
more uncontrollable became his desire to
see the one who bad whirled with him in
"Light-horse Jerry's" coach.
"I wish to know how soon I am to see
your mistress," he exclaimed, Impulsively,
sitting up and striking his companion's
arm by way of emphasis. To his surprise
the hand was dashed away and he dis
tinctly heard the soldier gasp. "I beg
your pardon!" he cried, fearing that he
had given pain with his eager strength.
"You startled me — I was half asleep,"
stammered the other, apologetically.
"Whom do you mean by my mistress?"
"The Princess, of course," said Lorry,
impatiently.
"I cannot say when you are to see the
Princess," said his companion after wait
ing so long that Lorry felt like kicking
him.
"Well, see here, my friend, do you know
■why I agreed to leave that place back
there? I said I wouldn't go away from
Graustark until I had seen her. If you
fellows are spiriting me away— kidnaping
me. as It were— I want to tell you I won't
have it that way. I must know, right
now, where we are going in this damnable
storm."
"I have orders to tell you nothing,"
eaid the soldier,' stanchly.
"Orders, eh! From ■whom?"
"That Is my affair, sir!'"
"I guess I'm about as much Interested
In this affair aa anybody, and I insist on
knowing our destination. I jumped into
this thing blindly, but I'm going: to see
my way out of it before we go much
farther. Where are we going?"
"Tou— you will learn that soon enough,"
Insisted the other.
"Am I to see her soon? That's what I
want to know."
"You must not Insist," cried the sol
dier. '.'Why are you so anxious to see
her?" he asked, suddenly.
"Don't be so blamed Inquisitive," cried
Grenfall, angrily, Impatiently. "Tell me
where we are going or I'll put a bullet
into you!" Drawing his revolver he
leaned over, grasped the guard by the
shoulder and placed the muzzle against
his breast
"For God's sake, be calm. You would
not kill be for obeying orders! I am
serving one you love. Are you mad? I
shall scream If^you keep pressing that
horrid thing against my side." Lorry felt
him tremble, and was at once filled with
compunction. How could he expect a
loyal fellow to disobey orders.
"I beg your pardon a thousand times,"
he cried, Jamming the pistol into his
pocket. "You are a brave gentleman and
I am a fool. Take me where you will;
I'll go like a lamb. You'll admit, how
ever, that It Is exasperating to be going
In the dark like this."
"It is a very good thing that it Is dark,"
said the soldier, quickly. "The darkness
Is very kind to us. No one can see us and
we can see no one."
"I should say not. I haven't the faint
est idea what you look. like. Have 1 seen
you at the castle?"
He stroa* mco the corridor, closed and locked tHe doors clumsily, ana began the descent of the stairs.
'TTes, frequently."
"Will you tell me your name?"
"You would not know me by . narni*."
"Are you an officer?"
"No; I am new to the service."
"Then I'll see that you are promoted. 1
like your stanchness. How old aro
you?"
"I am — er— twenty-two."
"Of the nobility?"
"My father was of noble birth."
"Then you must be so, too. I hopo
you'll forgive my rudeness. I'm a bit
nervous, you know."
"I forgive you gladly."
"Devilish rough road, this."
'^Devilish. It is a mountain road."
< "That's ■where we were, too."
"Where who were?"
"Oh, a young lady and I, some time
ago. I just happened to think of it."
"It could not have been pleasant."
"You never made a bigger mistake in
your life."
"Oh, she must have been pretty, then."
"You are right this time. She is glori
ous."
"Pardon me! They usually are In such
adventures."
"By Jove, you're a clever one."
"Does she live in America?"
"That's none of your affair."
"Oh!" and then there was silence be
tween them.
"Inquisitive fool," muttered Gren to
himself. . .
For some time thty bumped along over
the rough road. Jostling against each
other frequently/both enduring, stoically
and silently. The rain was still falling
but the thunder-storm had lost its fury'
The crashing In the sky had abated the
winds were not so fierce, the night was
being: shorn of its terrors. Still the in
tense, almost suffocating darkness pre
vailed. But for the occasional touch
neither could have told that there wa3
another person on the seat. Suddenly
Lorry remembered the lantern. It vri'i
still lit with the slide closed when he
threw it on the seat. Perhaps it still
burned; and could relieve the oppressive
darkness if but for a short time. Ho
might at least satisfy his curiosity and
look upon the face of his companion.
Leaning: forward he fumbled among the
traps on the opposite seat.
"I think I'll see if the lantern is lighted
Lot's have it a little more cheerful in
here," he said. There was a sharp ex
clamation, and two vigorous handa
grasped him by the shoulder, Jerking him
back unceremoniously.
"No! No! You will ruin all! There
must be no light," crlefl the soldier his
voice high and shrill.
"But we are out of the city." '
"I know! I know! But I will not per
mit you to have a light. Against orders.
We have not passed the outpost," expos
tulated the other, nervously.
"What's the matter with your voice""
demanded Lorry, struck by the change
in It. . .
"My voice?" asked the other, the
tones natural again. • "It's changing
Didn't it embarrass you when your voice
broke like that?" went on the questioner,
breathlessly. Lorry was now leaning back
in the seat, quite a little mystified.
"I don't- believe mine ever broke • like
that," he said, speculatlvely. There was
no response, and he sat silent for some
time, regretting, more and more that -It
was so dark. . •. ■ • ■.■.«_■.
Gradually . he* became conscious of a
strange, unaccountable presence in that
dark cab. He could feel a change coming
over him; he could not tell why, but he
was sure that some one else was besid«
him, some one who was not the sol
dier. Something soft and delicate and
sweet came Into existence, permeating the
darkness with its undeniable presence. A
queer power seemed drawing him toward
the other end of the seat. The most de-
THE SUNDAY' CALL
lightful sensations took possession of him;
his heart fluttered oddly; his head began
to «-eel under the spell.
"Who are you?" he cried. In a sort of
ecstaey. There was no answer. He re
membered his matchsafe. and with trem
bling, eager fingers drew it from the
pocket of the coat he was wearing. The
next instant he was scratching a match,
but as it flared the body of his companion
was hurled against his and a ruthless
mouth blew out the feeble blaze.
"Oh, why do you persist?" was cried in
his ears. ,
"I am determined to see your face," he
answered, sharply, and with a little cry
of dismay the other occupant of the car
riage fell back in the corner. The next
match drove away the darkness and the
mystery. With blinking eyes he saw the
timid soldier huddling: in the corner, one
arm covering his face, the other vainly
striving to pull the skirt of a military coat
over a pair of red trouser-legs. Below the
arm that hid the eyes and nose he saw
parted lips and a beardless, dainty chin;
above, long, dark tresses strayed in con
demning confusion. The breast beneath
the blue coat heaved convulsively.
The match dropped from his fingers,
and, as darkness fell again. It hid the sol
dier in the strong arms of the fugitive —
not a soldier bold, but a gaspingr, blush
ing, unresisting coward. The litho form
quivered and then became motionless in
the fierce, straining embrace; the head
dropped upon his shoulder, his hot lips
caressing the burning face and pouring
wild. Incoherent ■words Into the little ears.
"You! You!" ho cried, mad with joy.
"Oh, this Is heaven Itself! My brave dar
ling! ' Mine forever— mine forever! You
shall never leave me now! Drive on!
Drive on!" he shouted to the men outside,
drunk with happiness. • "We'll make this
journey endless. I know you love me now
—I know it! God, I shall die with joy!"
An arm stole gently about his neck, and
her lips found hla In a long, passlonato
kiss. .
"I did not want you to know! Ach, I am
so sorry! Why, why did I come to-night?
I. was so strong, so firm, I thought, but
see how weak I am. You dominate— you
own me, body and soul, In spite of every
thing—against my will. I love you — I love
you — I love you!"
"I have won against the princes and the
potentates! I was losing hope, my Queen,
losing hope. You were so far away, so un
attainable. I would brave a thousand
deaths rather than lose this single min
ute of my life. It makes me the richest
man in all the world. How brave you
are! This night you have given up every
thing for my sake. You are fleeing with
me, away from all that has been dear to
you."
"No, no. You must not be deluded. It
Is only for to-night, only till you are safe
from pursuit. I Bhall go back. You must
not hope for more than this hour of weak
ness, sweet as it Is to me," she cried.
"You are going back and not with me?"
he cried, his heart chilling.
"You know I cannot. That is why I
hoped you would 'never know how much
I care for you. Alas, you have found me
out! My- love was made rash by fear.
You could never have escaped " the ven
geance of Axphaln. I could -v not have
shielded you. This , was the only course
and I dared not hesitate. I should have
died with terror had you gone to trial,
knowing -what I knew. You will not think
me unwomanly for coming with you as I
am. It was necessary— really it was! No
one else could have—" But he smothered
the wail in kisses.
"Unwomanly!" he exclaimed. "It was by
divine Inspiration. But you will come with
me, away - from Graustark. away from
every one. Say that you will!"
"I cannot bear to hear you plead, and It
breaks my heart to go back there. But
I cannot leave Graustark— I cannot! It
would b« heaven to go with you to the
end of the world, but I have others be
sides myself to consider. You are my god
my idol. I can worship you from my un
happy throne, from my chamber, from
the cell into which my heart is to retreat.
But I cannot, I will not desert Graustark.
Not even for you!"
He was silent, impressed by her nobility,
her loyalty. Although the Joy ebbed from
his craving heart, he saw the justice of
her self-sacrifice.
"I would give my soul to see your face
now, Yetive. Your soul Is in your eyes;
I can feel it. "Why did you not let me stay
in prison, meet death and so end all? It
would have been better for both of us.
I cannot live without you."
"We can live for each other, die
for each other— apart. Distance will
not lessen my love. You know
that it exists: it has been
betrayed to you. Can you not be satis
fied—just a little bit— with that knowl
edge?" she pleaded, i
"But I want you in reality, not In my
dreams, my imagination."
"Ach, we must not talk like this! There
Is no alternative. You are to go, I am
to stay. The future is before us; God
knows what it may bring to us. Perhaps
it may be good enough to give us happi
ness — -who knows? Do not plead with
me. I cannot endure It. Let . me be
strong again! You will not be so cruel
as to battle against me, now that I am
weak; It would only mean my destruc
tion. You do not seek that!"
His soul, his honor, the greatest rever
ence he had ever known was in the kiss
thflt touched her brow.
"I shall love you as you command
without hope," he said, sadly.
"Without hope for either," she sobbed.
•'My poor little soldier," he ■whispered,
lovingly, as her bQdy writhed under the
storm of tears.
"I— I wish— I were a— soldier!" she
wailed. He comforted her as best he
could and soon she was quiet — oh, so very
quiet. Her head was on his shoulder, her
hands in his.
"How far do we drive?" he asked, at
last. .
"To the monastery? We are nearly
there," she answered, In tones far away.
"The monastery? Why do we go
there?" he cried.
"You are 'to stay there."
"What do you mean? I thought I was
to leave Graustark."
"You are to leave — later on. Until the
excitement is over the abbey is to be
your hiding place. I. have arranged
everything, and It Is the only safe place
on earth for you at this time. No one
will think of looking for you up there."
"I would to God that I could stay
there forever, living above you," he said,
drearily.
"Your window* looks down upon the
castle; mine looks up to yours. The lights
that burn in those two windows will send
out beams of love and life for one of us,
at least."
"For both of us,.. my sweetheart," he
corrected, fondly. "You say I will be
safe there. Can you trust these men who
are aiding you?"
"With my life! Quinnox carried a mes
sage to the Abbot yesterday, and he
grants you a temporary home there, se
cure and as secret as the tomb. He prom
ises me this, and he is my best friend.
Now, let me tell you why I am with you,
masquerading so shamefully "
"Adorably!" he protested.
-"It is because the Abbot insisted that I
bring you to him personally. He will not
receive you except from my hands. There
was nothing else for me to do, then, was
there. Lorry? I was compelled to come
and I could not come as the Princess — as
a woman. Discovery would have meant
degradation from which j I could not have
hoped to recover. The military garments
were my only safeguard."
"And how many people know of your—
deception?"
"Three— besides yourself. Dagmar, Quin
nox and Captain Dangloss. The Abbot
will know later on, and I shiver as I
think of It. The driver and the man who
went to your cell, Ogbot, knows of the
escape, but do not know I am here. Al
lode—you remember him— is our driver."
"Allode? He's the fellow who saw me—
er— who was in the throne room."
"He is the man who saw nothing, sir."
"I remember his obedience." he said,
laughing in spite of hi3 unhapplness. "Am
I to have no freedom up here — no liberty,
at all?" .
"You are to act as the Abbot or the prior
Instructs. And, I must not forget, Quin
nox will visit you occasionally. He will
conduct you from the monastery and to
the border line at the proper time."
"Alas! He will be my murderer. I fear.
Yetive, you do not believe I killed Lo
renz. I know that most of them do. but,
I swear, to you, I am no more T"e perpe
trator of that cowardly crime ffUua you.
God bears testimony to my innocence. I
want to hear you say that you do not be
lieve I killed him."
"I feared so at first — no, do not be an
gry—I feared you had killed him for my
sake. But now I am sure that you are
Innocent."
The carriage stopped too soon and Quin
nox opened the door. It was still as dark
as pitch, but the downpour had ceased ex
cept for a disagreeable, misty drizzle, cold
and penetrating.
"We have reached the stopping place,"
he said.
"And we are to walk from Tiere to the
gate,' said the Princess, resuming her
hoarse, manly tones. While they were
busy donning their rain coats, she whis
pered In Lorry's ear: "I beg of you, do
not let him know that you have discov
ered who I am."
He promised, and lightly snatched a
kiss, an act of Indiscretion that almost
brought fatal results. Forgetful of the
darkness, sV.e gave vent to a little
shriek, fearing that the eyes of the cap
tain had witnessed the pretty transgres
sion. Lorry laughed as he sprang to the
road and turned to assist her in alighting.
She promptly and thoughtfully averted
the danger his gallantry presented by ig
noring the outstretched hands, discernible
as slender shadows protruding from an
object a 'shade darker than the night,
and leaped boldly to the ground. The
driver was Instructed to turn the carriage
about and to agalt their return.
. With Lorry In the center the trio
walked rapidly off in the darkness, the
fugitive with the sense of fear that be
longs only to a blind man. A little light
far ahead told the position of the gate,
and for this they bent their steps, Lorry
and Quinnox conversing in low tones, the
Princess striding along silently beside the
former, her hand in his— a fact of which
the real soldier was totally unaware.
Beaching the gate, the captain pounded
vigorously, and a sleepy monk soon
peered from the little window through
which shone the light.
"On Important business with the Ab
bot, from her Highness, the Princess
Tetive," said Quinnox, In response to a
sharp query, spoken in the Graustark
tongue. A little gate beside the big one
opened and the monk, lantern In hand,
bade them enter. i
"Await me here, captain," commanded
the slim, straight soldier, with face
turned from the light. A moment later
the gate closed and Lorry was behind
the walls of St. Valentine's, a prisoner
again. The monk preceded them across
the dark court toward the great black
shadows against the broken mist. His
followers dropped some little distance be
hind, the tall one's arm stealing about
the other's waist, his head bending to a
level with hers.
"Is It to be good-by, dearest?" he asked.
Good-by forever?"
"I cannot say that. It would be like
wishing you dead. Yet there is no hope.
No, no! We will not say good-by—for
ever," she said, despairingly.
"Won't you bid me hope?"
"Impossible! You will stay here until
Quinnox comes to take you away. Then
you must not stop until you are In your
own land. We may meet again "
"Yes,/ by my soul, we shall meet
again! I'll do as you bid and
all that, but I'll come back when I
can stay away no longer. Go to your
castle and looked forward to the day that
will find me at your feet again. It Is
bound to come. But how are vou to re
turn to the castlo to-night and enter
without creating suspicion? Have you
thought of that?"
"Am I a child? Inside of three hours
I shall be safely In my bed and but one
person in the castle will be the wiser for
my absence. Here are the portals." They
passed inside the massive doors and
halted. "Tou must remain here until I
have seen the prior." she said, laughing
norvously and glancing down at the boots
which showed beneath the long coat.
Then she hastily followed the monk, dis
appearing down the corridor. In ten min
utes—ten hours to Lorry— she returned
with her guide.
"He will take you to your room," «he
paid, breathlessly, displaying unmistak
able signs of embarrassment. "The prior
was shocked. Good-by, and God be with
you always. Remember, I love you!"
' The monk's back was turned, so the
new recluse snatched tha slight figure
to his heart
"Some day?" he whispered.
She would not speak, but he held her
until she nodded her head.
XX— THE APPROACHING ORDEAIa
"The American has escaped!" was tha
cry that spread through Edelweiss tfie
next morning.
It brought undisguised relief to tne
faces of thousands; there was not one
who upbraided Baron Dangloss for hla
astounding negligence. Never before had
a criminal escaped from the Tower. The
.only excuse, uttered in a woe-begone
tone, was that the prison had not been
constructed or manned for such clever
scoundrels as Yankees— good name for
audacity. But as nobody criticized, hla
explanation was taken good-naturedly
and there -was secret rejoicing in the city.
Of course, everybody wondered where the
prisoner had gone: most of them feared
that he could not escape the officers,
while others shrewdly smiled and ex
pressed themselves a3 confident that so
clever a gentleman could not be caught.
They marveled at his boldness, his in
genuity, his assurance.
The full story of the daring break for
liberty flashed from lip to Up during the
day, and It was known all over the water
owept city before noon. Baron Dangloss
himself had gone to the prisoner's ceil
early in the morning, mystified by the
continued absence of the guard. The door
was locked, but from within came groans
and cries. Alarmed at once, the captain
procured duplicate keys and entered the
cell. There he found the helpless, blood
covered Ogbot, bound hand and foot and
almost dead from loss of blood. The
clothes of the American were on the floor,
while his own were missing, gone with
the prisoner. Ogbot, as soon as he was
able, related hla experience of the night
before. It was while making his rounds
at midnight that he heard moans from
the cell. Animated by a feeling of pity,
he opened the slab door and asked If he
were 111. The wretched American was
lying on the bed, apparently suffering.
Ho said something which the guard could
not understand, but which he took to bo
a plea for assistance. Not suspecting a
trick, the kindly guard unlocked the sec
ond door and stepped to the bedside, only
to have the sick man rise suddenly and
deal him a treacherous blow over the head
with the heavy tool he had secreted be
hind him. Opbot knew nothing of what
followed, so effective was the blow. When
he regained consciousness he was lyincr
on the bed, just, as the captain had found
him. The poor fellow, overwhelmed by
the enormity of his mistake, begged
Dangloss to shoot him at once. But Dan
gloss had him conveyed to the hospital
ward and tenderly cared for.
Three guards in one of the offices saw
a man whom they supposed to be Ogbot
pass from the prison shortly after 12, and
the mortified chief admitted that some
one had gone through his private apart
merit. As the prisoner had taken Ogbot's
keys, he experienced little difficulty in
getting outside the gates But. vowed
Dangloss stormlly. he snould be recap
tured If it required the efforts of all tho
policemen in Edelweiss. With this very
brave declaration in mind he dispatched
men to search every street and every
alley, every cellar and every attic in the
city. Messengers were sent to all towns
In the district; armed posses scoured th»j
valley and the surrounding forests ex
plored the caves and brush heaps for
miles around. The chagrin of the grim
old captain, who had never lost a pris
oner, was pitiful to behold.
The forenoon was half over before Har
ry Anguish heard of his friend's escape
To eay that he was paralyzed would be
putting it much too mildly. There is no
language that can adequately describe
his sensations. • Forgetting his body
guard, he tore down the street toward
the prison, wild -with anxiety and doubt
He met Baron Dangloss, tired and worn^
near the gate, but the old officer could
tell him, notl>'/>s except what be had
learned from Ogbot. Of one thing thrr«
coula be no doubt: Lorry was gone. Not
knowing where to turn or what to do.
Anguish raced off to the castle, his body
guard having located him In the mean
time. He was more in need of their pro
tection than ever. At the castle gated he
encountered a party of raving Axphaln
ians, crazed with anger over the flight of
the man whose life they had thirsted for
so ravenously. Had he been unprotected.
Anguish would have fared badly at thetr
hands, for they were outspoken in the
assertions that he had aided Lorry in Che
escape. One fiery little fellow cast a
glove In the American's face and expect
ed a challenge. Anguish snapped his
flngers\ and sarcastically invited the 1n
sulter to meet him next winter in a bat
tle with snowballs, upon which the ag
gressor blasphemed in three languages
and three hundred gestures. Anguish,
and his men passed inside the gates,
which had been barred to the others, find
struck out rapidly for the castle doors.
The Princess Yetive was sleeping
soundly, peacefully, with a smile on 'aer
lips, when her Prime Minister sent an
excited attendant to Inform her of the
prisoner's escape. She sat up in bed, and
with her hands clasped about her knees
sleepily announced that she would coma
down directly after her coffee was served.
Then she thought of the wild, sweet ride
to the monastery, the dangerous return,
her entrance to the cast';; through the
pecret subterranean passage and the sa.f«
arrival in her own room. All had gone
well and he was safe. She smiled quaint
ly as she glanced at the bundle of clothes
on the floor, blue and black and re«l.
They had been removed in the uncer
grcund passnge and a loose gown substi
tuted, but slie had carried them to hi?
chamber with the intention of plac'n<
them for the time being in the old mahog
any chest that held so many of her child
hood treasures. Springing out of bed. she
opened the chest, cast them into ltd
depths, turned and removed the k«*y
which had always remained in the locic.
Then she summoned her maids.
Her uncle and aunt, the Countess Dag
mar (whose merry brown eyes were bo
full of pretended dismay that the Prin
cess could scarcely restrain a smile), and
Gaspon, the Minister of Finance, w«?ru
awaiting her appearance. She heard th*
Count's story of the escape, marveled at
the x prisoner's audacity, and firmly an
nounced that everything possible should
be done to apprehend him. With a per
plexed frown on her brow and a dubious
twist to her lips she said:
"I suppose I must offer a reward."
"Certainly!" exclaimed her uncle.
"About nfty gavvos, uncle?"
"Fifty!" cried the two men, aghast.
"Isn't that enough?"
"For the murderer of a Prince?" de
manded Gaspon. "It would be } absurd,
your Highness. He is a most important
person."
"Quite so; he Is a most important per
son. I think I'll offer five thousand
gavvos."
"More like it. He Is worth that, at
least," agreed Uncle Caspar.
"Beyond a doubt," sanctioned Gaspon.
"I am glad you do not consider me ex
travagant," she said, demurely. 'Tou
may have the placards printed at once,"
she went on, addressing the Treasurer.
"Say that a reward of live thousand
gavvos will be paid to the person who
delivers Grenfall Lorry to me."
"Would It not be better to say 'deliv
ers Grenfall Lorry to the tower'?" sub
mitted Gascon.
"You may say 'to the undersigned, ana
sign my name," she said, reflectively.
"Very well, your Hignness. They shall
be struck off this morning."
"In large type, Gaspon. Tou must
catch him if you can," she added. "He Is
a very dangerous man and royally naeda
protection." With this wise bit of cau
tion she dismissed the subject and began
to talk of the storm.
As the two young plotters were hasten
ing up the stairs later on an attendant
approached and informed the Princess
that Mr. Anguish requested an audience.
"Conduct him to my boudoir," she said,
her eyes sparkling with triumph. In the
seclusion of the boudoir she and tha
Countess laughed like children over tha
reward that had been so solemnly or
dered.
"Five thousand gawos!'* cried Dag
mar, leaning back in her chair, to em
phasize the delight she felt. "What a
joke!"
Tap, tap! came a knock on the door,
and in the same instant It flew open,
for Mr. Anguish was In a hurry. As ho
plunged Into their presence a pair of
heels found the floor spasmodically.
"Oh, I beg pardon!" he gasped, as if
about to fly. "May I come in?"
"Not unless you go outside. Ton are
already in, It seems," said the Princess,
advancing to meet him. The Countess
was very still and sedate. "I am so glad
you have come."
"Heard about Lorry T The fool Is out
and gone," he cried, unable to restrain
himself. Without a word she dragrged
him to the divan, and, between them, he
soon had the whole story poured Into hla
ears, the Princess on one side, the Coun
tess on the other.
"Tou are a wonder!" he exclaimed,
when all the facts were known to him.
He executed a little dance of approval,
entirely out of place in the boudoir of a
princess, but very much In touch with pre
vailing sentiment. "But what's to be
come of me?" he asked, after cooling
down. "I have no excuse for remaining
in Graustark, and I don't like to leave
him here, either."
"Oh, I have made plans for you." said
she. "Tou are to be held as hostage."
"What!"
"I thought of pour predicament last
night, and here is the solution. This very
day I shall Issue an order forbidding you
the right to leave Edelweiss. You will
not be in prison, but your every movement
will be watched. A strong guard will have
you under surveillance, and any attempt
to escape or to communicate with your
friend will result In your confinement and
his detection. In this way you may stay
here until the time comes to fly. The Ax
phaln people must be satisfied, you know.
Your freedom will not be disturbed: you
may come and go as you like, but you are
ostensibly a prisoner. By detaining- you
forcibly we gain a point, for you are
needed here. There ia no other way in
which you can explain a continued pres
ence in Graustark. Is not my plan a good
one?"
He gazed in admiration at her flushed
cheeks and glowing eyes.
"It is beyond comparison," he said, ris
ing and bowing low. "So shrewd Is this
plan that you make me a hostage for
ever; I shall not escape its memory If I
live to be a thousand."
And so It was settled, in this pretty
drama of deception, that Harry Anguisa
was to be held in Edelweiss as hostage.
At parting she said, seriously:
"A great deal depends on your discre
tion. Mr. Anguish. My guards will -watch,
your every action, for they are not In tho
secret— excepting Quinnox— and any at
tempt on your part to communicate with
Grenfall Lorry will be fatal."
"Trust to me, your Highness. I have
had much instruction In -wisdom to-day.**
"I hope we shall see you often," she
said.
"Daily— as a hostage." he replied, glanc
ing toward the Countess.
"That means until the other man Is cap
tured." said that young lady saucily.
As he left- the castle- he gazed at the
distant building in the sky and wondered
how it had ever been approached in a
carriage. She had not told him that Al
lode drove for miles over winding roads
that lead to the monastery up a geatler
slope from the rear.
The next afternoon Edelweiss thrilled
with a new excitement. Prince Bolaroz
of Axphain. mad with grief and rage,
came thundering Into the city with, his
court at his heels. HJs wrath had been
increased until it resembled a tornado
when he read the reward placard In tho
uplands. Not until then did he know that
the murderer had escaped and that ven
geance might be denied him.
After viewing the body of Lorenz as It
lay in the sarcophagus of the royal pal
ace, where it had been borne at the com
mand of the Princess Yetive. he demanded
audience with his son's betrothed. a:ad it
was -with fear that she prepared for the
trying ordeal, an Interview with the j;rief
crazed old man. The castle was in a
furor: its halls soon thronged with dip
lomatists and there was an ugly sense of
trouble In the air, sugsrestive of the ex
plosion which follows the Igniting of a
powder magazine.
The slim, pale-faced Princess met tha
burly old ruler In the prand council cham
ber. He and hla nobles had been kept
waiting but a short time.
Continued Next "Week.
3132
HERE'S A JOLLY
CHRISTMAS
GAME
George W. Win.ckfi.eld— Inventor.
IN this century of racing at automobile speed to
achieve ends it seems almost more than wonderful
that anything new, under the sun, can be discov
ered, more especially in the game line; yet walk
along the streets as Christmas approaches and see the
hundred and one toys chasing along in straight lines
ar.d running around in circles; look in the shop win
dows and see the toys, entirely new inventions, and each
year it's the same thing, something brand-new from the
brain of the inventor.
Now comes a game that is one better in the checker
line.
Checkers, a? every one knows, is as old as the hills.
The Romans played squatting on stone stools in their
fchirt-sleeves, and called it by a very high-sounding
name indeed, and the Egyptians sat in the sand and bet
their sarcophagi on a single game.
There was a man named Strutt of more or less the
present day who called it a modern invention, but some
fellow came up and said that draught games are fre
qucntly found in the monuments of the ancients, and
that cooked Strutt's goose; besides, at the exhuming
of Pompeii several houses marked with checkers were
discovered.
The results, however, are the same. The grandfather
taught his granddaughter how to play the game of
checkers, 2nd she finished generally by beating his head
off and laughing at his discomfiture.
Now he will have to start in all over again to learn
this new, advanced game in order that his grandchildren
may be taught arrd once more put it all over grandpa,
v It is pretty hard on him, but he will do it, as he has
done so often before, for children and grown-ups live to
be amused, and inventors crop up all the time to help
out.
* * *
The new board is so constructed that two, three or
four people can play at the same time, the pieces being
distinguished by the colors, white, black, red and green.
When four are entered they may play partners or in
dividually.
Presuming that four people wish to play, each man
places his pieces, of which there are twelve to the
player, upon corresponding squares of the oblong mar
ginal fields.
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
The first player then move* a piece forward diagon
ally, one square at a time, from the marginal or outer
adjacent field, into the square in the center, which is tha
field of battle between the four contestants.
To take an opponent's piece you must be next to it
diagonally, and there must be an empty space behind it
I on the same diagonal. In this case the man thns
"jumped" is "taken"— that is, removed from the board.
The main object is to get over into your adversaries'
territory without being taken, which becomes at once a
•great feather in your cap, as it entitles yon to place a
little flag in the piece, which makes it at once a kinjr,
and he can move backward or forward as long as he
doesn't get off his diagonal basis.
The player wins who has one or more pieces on fa
board at the finish, although rules may be eventually
agreed upon for playing the game to vary and make the
same more interesting.
This new* game would appear at first sight identical
to checkers, but where four are playing, either the one
against the other or two and two, it will be seen that as
they advance, one from each end and one from each
side, great discrimination is necessary to avoid your
three opponents, if each man is playing for himself, or
you must take care to maneuver to help your partner
should you be playing sides.
The board may be of any material size and thickness,
and is preferably square. The central portion forms a
field common to all the players and is square and sub
divided, into small squares similar to a checker-board,
the squares being of contrasting color and alternately
arranged in straight lines.
The marginal fields are oblong and checkered or di
vided into squares, corresponding with the central
field.
Each of the outer fields contains twenty-four squares,
and the central field sixty-four squares.
it is compulsory to take is a matter for the
players to decide before commencing. The rule in
checkers is that if a player has a man "en prise" — which
i3 the stylish way of saying "in a hole" — and forgets on
purpose not to take, because he sees a better chance
Bext move to double up on him, his adversary, if he is
wide-awake, may do what is known as "huff" him,
which Is make him remember or capture his piece.
"Huff and move" go together— that is, the player who
huffs then makes his move. >>^
There are many other rules of checkers besides thi*
one that can be used or emitted according to the choice
of the players. •?••*•,'• :! ages 33 to 46
VOLUME XCI.— NO 15.
MARCONI SOLVE PROBLEM OF SIGNALING
ACROSS ATLANTIC OCEAN WITHOUT WIRES
SCHLEY DOES
NOT DESIRE
NEW INQUIRY
Satisfied "With His Vin
dication by Admiral
Dewey.
Congress Not Disposed to
Reopen the Celebrated
Naval Controversy.
Py Affixing His Signature the Rank
ing Haval Officer Approves the
Whole of the Findings of
- the Court.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— Little else
than the findings of the Schley court of
inquiry has been talked about In official
circles to-day. The Navy Department
has teen a hive of buzzing -argument.
Members of Congress have dropped even
the Philippine tariff. Champions of Rear
Admirals Schley and Sampson have re
sumed their wordy battles^ on the street
corners. It may . be accepted as a strong
probability that there ■will b« no Con
gressional investigation.
Rear Admiral Schley does not seek a
Congressional investigation. .While de
clining to comment upon the findings, the
rear admiral's friends are warranted in
saying he is satisfied with the verdict so
far as It relates to his conduct during
the battle of Santiago. To him that wa*
the paramount issue, and all of the mem
bers of the court agree that his conduct
■was stlf-possessed. and he encouraged in
his own person his officers and men to
Ssht courageously.
Some Wild Talk. ■ '.
Among excitable members of Congress'
there Is no end of wild talk and terrify
ins gesticulations about a Congressional
Investigation "which will tear to tatters
the naval clique and deal a deadly blow
ct the growth of an artlstocracy in naval
circles." r? \- '.--.
It is quite likely that some or these men
will rush to the front with resolutions,
but cool-headed members of both bodies
are not inclined to share In the undue agi
tation on a subject, which, they say, only
they can effectively dispose of.
The Navy Department will frown upon
any attempt by naval officers to further
exploit the controversy, but it would wel
come an Investigation by Congress. Lin
settled as it is, the department officials
say the investigation has been made, and
It should be regarded as closed. This is
the opinion of the court, which recom
mended that no further proceedings be
had.
Rear Admiral Sampson is in no condi
tion to testify. Captain K. E. Chadwlck,
commanding the New York, and other of
ficers of that vessel, would like an op
portunity to show that their ship was in
tha battle, notwithstanding Admiral
Dewey' s view, but they will not have a
chance.
Long Considering Findings.
Secretary Long has taken under consid
eration the findings of the court. It is
his purpose to make a careful review of
the findings of the facts and of the opin
ions advanced by Admiral Dewey, as pres
ident of the court and in his individual
capacity. When this review is completed
he will prepare an unofficial indorsement
which will be the final chapter of the In
vestigation. It is impossible now to fore
cast Secretary Long's views.
The question has been raised since" the
appearance of the two reports in print
how far Admiral. Dewcy. the president of
the court, snhscribed to the opinion ex
pressed in the first report and in the find
ings by appending his signature, that sig
nature being required of him apparently
by the regulations, regardless of his indi
vidual opinion. In response to an Inquiry
on this point the fudge advocate general
of the navy says:
"According to naval practice Admiral
Dewey by affixing his signature to the re
port of the court of Inquiry in the case of
-Hear Admiral Schley expresses full con
currence in all the findings of fact and in
all the opinions reached b'y the court ex
cept those with respect to which he -has
in terms signified dissent in his minority
opinion." ' ■ ' . -
STATESMEN UPHOLD DEWEY.
:Lcath, However, to Reopen the
Schley-Sampson Controversy.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 11— Opinion In the
Senate Is divided as to the probability of
a Congressional Investigation of the
Schley controversy, but is on the whole
against the probability of 6ucb a course.
A majority of the Republican Senators
appear to be adverse to the reopening of
the question, and those holding this view
include friends of Admiral Schley. Sena
tor Hoar expressed himself as content to
abide by the opinion of Admiral Dewey
because of his superior facilities for
reaching a correct conclusion, and Sena
tor Mason took a similar position, adding
"hat the opinion of the admiral of the
tavy would be accepted as the verdict of
the country regardless of what conclusion
Continued on Page Thirty-Four.
The San Francisco Call.
WAR OF THE RIVAL COPPER CONCERNS
CAUSES A FURTHER SLUMP IN PRICES
Amalgamated Chiefs
Put Forth Charges
of Unfair Gutting
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec 14.—Amalga
mated Copper stock sold. at the
new low record price of 64*4 cents
to-day, rallying at the close to
C5% cents, which was still 1 point
under the closing price of - Friday. . The
fear. that an open cut in the price of cop
per to 15% cents a pound for electrolytic
copper and 15% cents for lake is but" the
opening gun in the trade war between the
Amalgamated and Independent * producers
of copper and is largely responsible for the
further decline In the price of the stock.
If a big trade war has really. begun,' it
was argued, there is no telling where the
price of metal may go, and with such a
prospect it was even possible the quarter
ly dividend of the Amalgamated 'compa
ny^ ' due next Thursday, might be passed
altogether.
Representatives of the- Amalgamated
company had' nothing to say to-day. Rep
resentatives of the Independent producers
of copper, on the other hand," talked rath
er freely and appeared to be incensed at
the cut in prices announced by the United
Metals Selling Company. \ They.* intimated
they had been led to believe the Amalga
mated company and its allied corporations
would not make any reduction \ in" the
BANDITS HOPE
FOR FULL SUM
Legations Hand Over Case of
Miss Stone: and Her.Gom
panion to the Missionaries
LONDON, Dec. 14.— Under a Sofia date
the Telegraph publishes a dispatch t6 the
effect that George , Waahburn, president
of the Robert College at Constantinople,
has arrived at Sofia on a confidential mis
sion connected 1 with the release of -Miss
Store, the captive American missionary.
The dispatch further . says that : It t is ( ru
mored that the United States will pay. the
demand of the brigands in fulL/-
CONSTANTINOFLE, Dec. : 14.— It Is un
derstood here that the legations have
banded over the case of Miss Ellen M.
Stone ■ and ■' Mme. Tsilka to ' the mission
aries in the hope that the latter, will 'be
able to convince the ■ brigands that the
sum subscribed in the United, States is
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901-tSEYENTY PAGES.
FINANCIAL KINGS OF THE STANDARD OIL COMPANY, CONTROLLERS, OF THE AMALGAMATED COPPER
COMPANY, WHO HAVE REDUCED THE PRICE OP THE RED METAL, " THEREBY INAUGURATING WAR
> -UPON EUROPEAN MONEY- BARONS HEADED BY THE ROTHSCHILDS. '*■ V * "' • : '
price, and they, asserted that many of the
Independents had held firmly to the
quoted price. . Now they would , be com
pelled to meet the cut of the Amalgamated
and were relieved of any further obliga
tion to maintain prices. . • '-. • .
Money j Barons Interested.
The United Metals Selling Company is
the selling concern for the Standard; Oil
Company. John D. Rockefeller, the head
of Standard , Oil, is said to be not In the
fight. William Rockefeller . and H. j H.
Rogers" are declared to be the real con
testants who are going to fight the Roths
childs. ' ' : '
,It was asserted that contracts were be
ing taken at less than the . new prices
quoted.' :. Apropos of the recent reports of
MINISTERS CURB
HE£ DOMINATION
Dowager Empress
to Peking n Poor Health,
and Her Power Is Failing
PEKING, Dec. \ 14.— Reports received
here from the court say, that the Dowager
Empress . is in falling health. The
peror's health is ■ Improving. '••.;
/-.■The foreign Ministers think that when
the court returns here the freer communi
cation with the Emperor, guaranteed them
by. the protocol of settlement will tend to
curb the oburt's domination by.the'Em
nress Dowaeer.
the actual amount of money available for
the ransom of the captives. -' It is reported
that the authorities ■ at -Washington ; have
cabled to Spencer Eddy, the ; United States
Charge • d'Affalres,' approving ■ of this
course. • . ,
the understanding to .be- reached between
the Rio" Tinto Mining Company of Spain
arid \ the '' amalgamated ; interests, ' the • in
dependent official remarked:
"What), if {the-r Amalgamated company
should effect an agreement [as to'the re
striction of : the production with the Rio
Tintb people, , It will not" benefit, as. the
Rio Tinto's process of treating Its "copper
is so slow that it would . be j two or three
years before the agreement .would cut
any figure bo far as the world's produc
tion of copper is .concerned."
; The astonishment at the action of the
Amalgamated Interests which- the Inde
pendents 'expressed was j. the subject" of
decided criticism In ' some Wall street
quarters, where the opinion was held that
the '■■'. cut was .the subject of the simplest
PRINCE HENRY
SHARES HONORS
Loving Subjects of Queen
Wilhelmina Make* a; Great
Demonstration at The Hague
.-. THE : HAGUE, Dec. i 14.-;-Queen Wilhel
mina and Prince Henry, her husband,'ar
rived; here to-day. ' ; Flags were displayed
throughout the city and 'the railroad sta
tion '•?.' decorated.:. The' inhabitants
made a* great demonstration. The Queen
and Prince Henry .'drove through crowded
streets 'to the residence of. . the Queen
mother,' - who welcomed 1 them ; before ' the
public^'- kissing '* Queen '-'jWilhelmlriav and
shaking hands with ; Prince • Henry. ?. Later
the crowds around .the palace ; sang the
national: anthem. loving subjects; of
the Queen appear/ to 'have forgotten^ the
recent peculiar conduct", of her consort.
of. explanations, : namely that the'inde
pendents had been ', cutting the . market,
believing they had it all their own way,
as | the .Amalgamated was "holding an
umbrella" over them."
This view was. expressed In one Wall
street' quarter r, : .->> " r y?y!:T* ■'-} . • -
Independents Are Scared.
"The independent copper, producers," It
seems, do not .understand how it is that
the. cut has been made by, the-''Amal
gamated Interests When there appeared to
he such willingness on- the part "of ..these
Interests to 'hold the umbrella.' • It is, how
ever, very easy of explanation.' The Amal
gamated ; Company. ; has been willing to
have an understanding with all .the Inter
ests to '.: maintain seventeen-cent - copper,
EVADING RULE
OF NICARAGUA
Three % Delegates \ From the
Mqsquito : r4"erritory Nego
tiating With Great Britain
:, KINGSTON, - Jamaica, , Dec. . 11— Three
delegates from .the Mosquito territory^of
Nicaragua have; arrived here and are ne
gotiating*: with ;the British 'Government
for^rellef . from \ NIcaraguan Irule. . -.Thay
have sent a signed t letter^ to the newspa
pers setting' forth their } refusal to believe
that Great' Britain'- Is - abandoning -the
Ma'nguln' treaty and : declaring - that the
Moqqulto , Indians, are prepared to. fight
rather." than acpept the - constitution of
Nicaraguan control. . . /
' The delegates will await Great Britain's
reply , to the representations } before taking"
further action. ' ' ' ■ ' . *■■■■'
The Money Barons of
| the World Likely
to -Play a Part
but has , observed that the Independents
have not been maintaining that price, but
have been underselling' 'with guarantees,
while the umbrella act was going; on.
The Amalgamated ' Interests thereupon
themselves sold at a v slight price conces
sion 50,000,000 .pounds or more of copper on
guarantee. Then they dropped the price.^
Of course the Independents are howling
because the umbrella has been raised, for
they will have, to' supply low copper on
their . contract guarantees. . The Amal
gamated Interests, I think, are better able
to stand the guarantee racket than the
independents generally. Now, the Amal
gamated can say, If -you don't "maintain
copper at fifteen and three-eighths cents,
the new price for lake, why, we will drop
it another peg, and. you can', supply copper
at a still lower price on your guarantees."
The "evidence of the way that the newer
group of copper mining companies , Is hit
by the cut In the price, of the metal was
given to-day in - the , Broad-street . curb
market, where ; theTe was a general de
cline in low-priced copper shares. Dis
patches from 'Boston reported a general
•weakness there also in ■ copper mining
shares on top of the previous 'heavy de
clines. The stock of the 'Caluinet and
Hecla Mining Company, the leading 'lake
producer; sold as low as $610, closing at
$615.".' ;»"';■ .v'-Vv\ 7.' " .."'"'' ' f ' ' ■ '■
CHICAGO REDS
SHOW DEFIANCE
Anarchists Recently Arrested
"Issue -Manifestoes Insulting
x k President of ; United States
Dec/ 14.— Open letters and
manifestoes addressed to President ..Roose
velt,- in which*, defiance, disrespect and re
bellion are^plainly, set forth, are. .now be
ing resorted to by; the Chicago anarchists
arrested at the tiine>of the -assassination
of ■ President : McKlnley. . .'Local "Reds"
hsve made their rebellions utterances • as
the Vresult r'of a conference of -anarchist
leaders of different' cities in Illinois held
at z the . headquarters, of > the": Free " Society
at 515 Carroll avenue. '
| .It : was decided that a general manifesto
should be issued to be circulated through
out^the country- and forwarded to every
member I of the ; legislative portion >: of ■ the
Federal Government at. Washington, and
"also"* printed in every organ' of the "Reds"
throughout the country.'. ,-'; T ".. . . .
Pages 33 to 46
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
STARTLES
, OF WORLD
Message Sent in England
Is Received at Stl
Johns,- N. F.
By the Use of a Kite the Let
ter "S" Is Twice Sent
to Signal Hill.
Careful Preparations and Host Pow
erful Apparatus Arranged by tna
Wizard Before His Wonder*
. . ful Achievement.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
ST JOHNS, N. F.. Dec 14.— Marconi an
nounced to-day that he successfully re
ceived by wireless telegraphy at the sta
tion on Signal Hill messages from i sta
tion recently erected irear The LJz;ird, In
Cornwall, England. These messages, Mar
coni said, were received on Wednesday
and Thursday afternoons. He had ar
ranged with the Cornwall station that the
letter S was to he signaled at 6 o'clock
In the evening, which would bs 2:30 o'clock
here, and the signals were received as ar
ranged on Wednesday and Thursday,
though no signal came yesterday or to
day.
"I thought it advisable," said Marconi,
"with the machinery which had escaped
damage at Cornwall to see whether it was
. possible .to obtain signals here from Eng
land at the same time I tried experiments
with the transatlantic liners. When the
kite elevated the wire to a height of 400
feet above Signal Hill on 'Wednesday a
number of signals, consisting of the letter
S, which Signals 1 were ordered to be sent
ftom Cornwall, were clearly received on
Signal Hill by the receiving; Instruments.-
We again ; received signals perfectly- on
Thursday, . \ , •;"/ .'. *
Success Changes Plans.
. "The signals were obtained only when
the kite was up to a considerable height.
For some reason yesterday ""nothing was
received, and to-day we could not get the
kite up on account of the weather. It has
been blowing too heavily every day for
the balloons, which would be best to ex
periment with.
"The success of these tests will alter my
plans. I intend to suspend further tests
with kites and balloons for a short time
and eiect a large station here at z. cost
of $50,000 having towers or masts for sup
porting the wires. . This, of course, pro
vided there is no Governmental or other
objection. This will necessitate my going
back to England at the end of next week
in order to have the necessary equip
ments sent here with suitable transmit
ting machinery and other requirements.
By that time I hope to have the Cape Cod
station in working order again, so as to
complete the regular triangular service.
No doubt the success of my experiments
here will cause a sensation in telegraph
circles and many will find it dlfflci.lt to
believe It. I myself had very little doubt
as to our ultimate success, but I thought
It advisable not to communicate before
hand the exact scope of these tests, as I
considered it would be better "to assure
myself of : success before publishing; tha
details even of the Installations at Corn
wall.
Station Very Powerful.
Slgnor Marconi's station in Cornwall is
very powerful. He possesses an electric
force, generated there, a hundred times
greater than his ordinary , stations.
When certain of success Slgnor Marconi
cabled to his principals In England and
also informed the Governor of Newfound
land, Sir Cavendish Boyle, who apprised
the British Cabinet of the success of the
experiments.
Slgnor : Marconi, though satisfied from
the genuineness of the signals that he has
succeeded in his attempt in establishing
communication across the Atlantic with
out, the use of wires, emphasizes the fact
that the system is yet only in an embry
onic stage, and that the possibility of its
ultimate, development Is demonstrated by
the success of the present experiments
with incomplete and Imperfect apparatus.
as the signals can only be received by the.
most sensitively adjusted apparatus and
Slgnor Marconi is working under great
difficulties owing to the conditions prevail
ing. ' ■ ■ f ■'■'.-.
Distance Is 1700 Miles.
The Cornwall coast Is 1700 miles from St.
Johns.
-In view, of the success attending these
trials Slgnor Marconi will for the present
disregard -the matter -of communicating
with trans- Atlantic. steamers. He will re
turn to England: next week and will con
duct the "experiments from Poldhu him
self. He explains that the' great eljctri
cal-power there will enable him to send
more effective signals. He will undertake
this' work himself, leaving assistants here
to erect a mast. and receive the signals
as' he^ forwards them. It Is not possible
to send return signals from here until a
powerful electric battery shall have bees
installed.
Sir Robert Bond. Premier of Newfound,
land, offers Slgnor Marconi every facility
Continued on Page Thirty-IVyBX.34
DH. KIXMSB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
HOW TO^IND OUL
fill a bottle or common class with your
•water and let lt stand twenty- four hours;
a sediment. .or settling indicates. an un-
healthy condition of the kidneys; if' it,
stains the linen it is evidence of kidney
trouble; too frequent desire to pass lt, or
pain in the back, is also convincing proof
that the kidneys and bladder are out of
order.
WHAT TO DO.
There is comfort in the knowledge so
often expressed that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, the great kidney and bladder rem-
edy, fulfills every xrish ln curing rheuma-
tism, pain in the back, kidneys, liver,
bladder end every ■ part of the urinary-
passage. It corrects Inability to hold
•water and scalding pain in passing it, or
bad effects following use of .liquor, wine
or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being -compelled to go often
during the day and to get up many times
during- the night. The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of Swamp-Root is Boon
realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of the most distressing
cases. If you need a medicine you should
have the best. Sold by druggists ln fifty-
cent and one-dollar sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of
Swamp-Root and a book that tells more
about lt. both sent absolutely free by
mail. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blng-
hamton, N. Y. "When writing mention
that you read this generous offer in tbe
San Francisco Sunday CalL
SPECIAL SALE
UPHOLSTERED
FURNITURE.
25 % Discount
On Upholstered Parlor Suits,
Odd Chairs, Sofas, Rockers, etc.
Cbas. M. Plum & Co.,
1301-1307 Market Street.
C0E0NAEO IS GUILTY OF
SECOND. DEGEEE MTJEDER
Trial of the Slayer of Karona Ends in
a Compromise Verdict by
Jury. .
SAN JOSE, Dec 14.— Nolberto Coronado
was this afternoon found guilty of mur
der In the second degTee. He was charg-d
with the killing of Narona for the pur
pose of robbery on a lonely mountain trail
near . Almsden about three months ago.
Narona was on his way home after dark
with $S0 in money collected in San Jdso.
He was shot and killed from ambush and
his pockets rifled.
The evidence against Coronado wns
mainly circumstantial. Tliis was his sec
ond trial, the jury in the first having
failed to agree. The verdict Is a compro
mise, three jurors holding out against the
greater punishment. Sentence will be
pronounced one week from next Fridav.
■ ♦ ■
Copies of the great Christmas edi
tion can be obtained from all agent?,
newsdealers, newsboys and at the
Business Office of this paper.
f^MJ^^^^^m ff You reall y can>t appreciate the beauty and the value of the Christmas ff| JS
mM^^^W^^Sf We want every reader of this paper t0 come t0 our store and see Mi
W£&^^M§^i^^W these goods— look them over— ask questions— spend as much time as Jill
you want ~y° u )' e welcome and you don't have to buy unless you care Sm
t0 * e are one °* the busiest stores in a11 San Francisco, but we are never Mi
/^^m^f>^^ t0 ° busy t0 give you courteous and P olite attention. Open night and day §§ p
Leather^oods Perfumes Toilet sets Mi
if fi^fjpfjff • 1 1 1 • In no department of our store do »• 1 • 1 R^ #3
B W&x±J? our £ ? ec:;: i buyer, thus securing r ... quality bristles, medium size, rub- BsW Si
if N?*S3> j,; L"l.» ' .• « we pay more attention in securing , , ., .. .,» Bwl 3
va la t" 6 oest selections at the \' ... , . , r & - ber comb, each with sterling silver . > R'Sa
g H^ lowest possible prices. , A few , j —,, . ". r '" mc mountings — put up in neat case $1 IfM pJ
» » items from our extensive stock. ind^b^k { ri gLcc!f oTpcv'- ' Three piece set— mirror,comb §M W
i&L Ladies Combination fumes cannot be equalled in any , .. " . ,' . .' W . C ra
\t)< \k Docket book and rnrd store in this country. We have , n K . ' 1&&A tsi
W fjv<,KKc uuuk unu cara / «, tortoise shell comb, in pretty case, Mm RJ
\^ VI case — Morocco leather, silver perlumcs from every well-known - , , . ,. , A 'W Wl
rf^ P S Finger purses— sea) leather, and while our prices are not near '^^ If
IMi Combination pocket vmi^ii/^w'w^ ILr,, Jl. shades, containing over a dozen igf/ja B
\m \WS Jwl h I* 11" t ir» tl ' couia no. buy better pcriumes _..~- • , t _ fw*>>9 FFB
Chatelaines — Misses size prices range all the way frcm ESm
M&J chatelaines, assorted colors, white 2 5 C or l }i oz. bottles to . , , _ f *. , , . . r»M0
sfi&ji* yS^ an d gold finish, metal frame 75c c can sc^ y ou perfumes in f ,, , . r , . . ,^' la^fffcf
'^^^m Women's small size . pSSt^a iHll styles"' and pIam SS^&S^^'S^ 11 ;! ' ISl
l^^a» alligator skin, Morocco leather' T" O 1 1 f^ t Fk t £* f Cellar and Cliff boxes— HI
leather straps— cash bag, includ- • Extra large boxes and beautifolly •/ '' ' ]^ ' '-
* j ing riveted frame * $1 Next to perfumery women appre- ornamented cover, full satin finish • S r ' • f " {rai •'
£hj^j 1. Women's large alligator the kind worth having — the kind Necktie or ribbon box — "* /?!»>. jliilli
W$g§ ~\ ba% — leather lined, finely we will recommend, for we know Silk lined, illuminated celluloid ; 7 j^jw ffgu -
WWi ftn " hcd $1.50 it is good bot. 75c to $1 covers, in various designs 5o e j^|w^?^M
WWJi all railroad points llie O\Vl DfUg' Co. can always reach WwM
K| vritKin IOO miles fin/? Mnrlrof 17 T F Cni The O w 1 Dru^ jmS^ W$i
JDa llJmKj JrAL+l ntft tJLtf %J, jT »f l/lil» ' Jaw S»
|M <^ ~ , 10th £r Broadway, Oakland, Cal. ®n^@<
FATE OF MISSING
COUPLE IN DOUBT
No News From William
Martin and Belle :
Kline.
Parents of Bakersfield Girl
Fear That She Is Not
Special Dispatch to The Call,
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 14.— The mystery
surrounding the disappearance of 'Belle
Klin© and William Martin from their
homes in* this city on the 22d'of last No
vember remains unsolved. Some days ago
word was received in this city that a
brother of the missing man In Woodland
had received a letter from William Mar
tin in which it was said that he and Miss
Kline had been married and were in L03
Angeles on their honeymoon. On the day
en which this news was received in Ba
kersfield the parents of the missing girl
said that they had heard nothing of the
whereabouts of the couple.
Since the publication of the report that
Martin of Woodland had heard from his
brother, the Sheriff's office n*d received
a letter from that gentleman ?.si.ingr If it
were true that the missing couple had
been located. This inquiry, indicating tfiat
the Woodland man had received no news,
despite the report to the contrary, has
idded to the mystery
The parents of Miss Kline adhere to the
theory that their daughter is dead. They
fear that the two committed suicide or
were foully dealt with. They can advance
General Debility
Day in and out there is that fceling\>f
weakness that makes a burden of itself.
Food does not strengthen.
Sleep does not refresh.'
It is hard to do, hard to bear, what
should be easy,— vitality is on the ebb, and
the whole system suffers.
For this condition take
Hood's Sarsaparilla
It vitalizes the blood, gives vigor and tone
to all the organs and functions, and is
positively unequalled for all run-down or
debilitated conditions.
Hood's flLLS cure oonstip.'t'ou: 25 ceatt,"^
no reason for an elopement, as Martin
and Miss. Kline have long been betrothed
and there was no opposition to their mar
riage. ■
Swell S6.00 Shoes, S3.50.
Felts* $6 shoes and $S slippers for ladies
ar.d all his other stock now being closed
cut f^r $3.50. But come right away, while
the sizes are complete. Sale is being held
by the Walk-over Shoe Store, 924-826 Mar
ket street ' *
■ » ■
The kitchen of the Shah of Persia is thi
most valuable in the world. Even ;the
cooking pots are lined with gold, and the
plates and dishes used at the royal table
are of solid gold, incrusted with precious
stones.
YovTl- Name in Gold.
Remember that we stamp your name in
gold letters on Pocket Books, Letter and
Card Cases, Bill Books, Cigar Cases,
Traveling Rolls, Cameras and all dne
leather Goods purchased jat-our stor«;.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. -. ■ • .-.
The number of vessels that entered
Mexican harbors in 1900 was 6489.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1001.
HURLS BOMB
AT HOUSE OF
MAYOR SYLVA
Assassin Attempts bo
Murder Sausalito
Politician.
Deadly Missile Hits Tree. and
Damages a Nearby
. Residence. \
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAUSALITO, Dec. 14.— Adolph Sylva,
Mayor of Sausalito and political master of
the ..town, had a narrow escape from, as
sassination last night. Some cowardly
enemy hurled a dynamite bomb at his
residence, but it struck a tree in the yard
and exploded, doing little damage to the
Sylva dwelling, while the glass in all of
the windows in the nearby residence of
Judge Bellrude was shattered. Besides
Mayor Sylva, the only occupant of his
House was his sister, Miss Florence Sylva.
That both were not killed by the explod-.
ing bomb was not the fault of the assas
sin. Had it not hit the tree it would have
demolished the house, and there would
have been little chance that/either would
escape alive. The. force of the explosion
Is shown by the fact that the tree was
torn to splinters, while that side of Judge
Beiirude's house facing the Sylva resi-
dence -was badly damaged. *
The attempt to -blow up the Mayor's
home was made at 12:30 o'clock. At that
time every one in the vicinity was asleep,
and there were no lights in the houses.
The culprit stole up to the front of Sylva'a
lot unnoticed and hurled the bomb toward
the house. His aim was good, but the
friendly tree was in the 'way, and in the
darkness the assassin threw the deadly
missile squareiy against, tne trunk.
Kesidents of that vicinity ■were awak
ened. Dy a tremendous report. There was
a crash of falling glass in the Bellrude
residence and the loo trails of some one
running rapidly Irom the place could be
heard. At nrst It appeared that tne bomb
baa been intended lor the Belirude dwell
ing, as that was the more damaged, but
investigation snowed that it .nau . been 1
hurled toward the house occupied by
Sylva and his sister,
The Mayor and Miss Sylva were greatly
frightened ana there was no sleep id their
home the balance of the night, itesidenta
searched the neighborhood for. a trace of
the bomb thrower, but he had escaped. in
the darkness. Local officials have one' or
two men under surveillance, but in order
to facilitate the capture of the guilty
person they are keeping secret the knowl
edge upon which they base their sus-
picions.
The attempt to murder Sylva and his
sister may have been an outgrowth of the
trouble between the Mayor and the local
poolrooms during the summer and au
tumn. Sylva was for years the friend of
the poolroom proprietors and it was > due
to his influence tnat the gambling game
gained such a foothold In this'- beautiful
suburb. Several months ago, however,
there came a sudden change of front on
the part of the Mayor and he announced
that he would drive the poolrooms out of
the place. He made the attempt and was
defeated. The light was very bitter and
at one time the Mayor was assaulted by
an attache of one of the poolrooms, who
was later bound over to keep the peace.
Sylva has long run Sausalito politics with
a high hand and has made many enemies
outside of the gambling element. The
desperate attempt upon-hia-Hfe -indicates
that some one of his foes is determined
to stop at nothing in his desire for re
venge.
GRASS VALLEY'S
SUSPECTS FREE
Grand Jury Indicts ..\ No
One for Griffith^:
Murder. <
Mrs. Margaret Allen/. Richard
Bennetts and Toley Dur
\ gie Are Released. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GRASS VALLEY, Oec. 14.-The greatest
surprise that has yet developed in the
mystery surrounding j the murder of Jo
ceph Griffiths, whose body was found
last week at the bottom of an abandoned
mine shaft near the dwelling of Charles
Allen, came to-day when Mrs. Margaret
Allen, Richard Bennetts and the Indian,
Toley Durgle, were released from cus
tody. All had been before the Grand
Jury, but evidently nothing sufficiently
incriminating was brought forth to war
rant that body in holding them. No one
is under arrest now In connection with
the crime. Apparently the mystery is no
nearer a solution than it was when the
body of Griffiths was found.
The release of the suspects is the more
inexplicable in view of the statements of
Sheriff Getchell, made while he was in
San Jose to tajce Mrs. Allen to Grass
Valley. The Sheriff said at that time that
the Nevada County officials were in pos
session of the confessions of Charles Al
len's two sons,' who gave evidence that
might convict their father and Toley
Durgle. . Another clew upon which the
officials were enabled to work was the
fact that a relative of Allen first revealed
the hiding place of the body, doing this
for a monetary consideration. . .
The Grand Jury has not yet finished
with the case; and arrests may yet be
made, though the outlook at present Is
that the slayer of Griffiths will never be
bought to justice.
1RC0II SOLVES PROBLEM.
Continued, from Page Thirty-Three.
within the power of the Colonial Govern
ment for the carrying out of his plans.
Chief Moore Is Shocked.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.-Marconi's an
nouncement that he has been In commun
ication with Cornwall from the New
foundland coast, has had a startling ef
fect on scientists:- and public men In
Washington. -
Willis L. Moore, chief of the United
States Weather Bureau, expressed great
surprise and' gratification at the news.
When told that Marconi had announced
that he had been in communication with
the British coast from Newfoundland,
Chief Moore said:
"In the first place, I. am shocked, aa
you can well understand; I am surprised,
but most agreeably so. Marconi is cer
tainly to be congratulated on this great
achievement and • the entire scientific
world will j welcome the news. I knew
that he was hoping to communicate with
moving ships at a distance * of 200 miles,
but I did not expect that he would 'get
favorable results. I should have been
fully as much surprised had he -done this
as I am now that he has signaled to
Cornwall." • ; '
Temblor Shakes Stockton.
STOCKTON. Dec. 14.— Stockton re
ceived a pronounced shaking up this
morning about 8:15 o'clock.^; There were
three earthquakes, following one another
in rapid succession,' the second one being
much the heaviest.- -The-ribratkins were
apparently northwest by southeast and
lasted several seconds. No damage Is, re
ported. . . '.
■ ADVERTISEMENTS. -4
*''..,.'.'"'',■•." ' i ~-T
The Roberls Family, of Falls City, Neb , are Halthy and Happy— A Rare Sight in These Days. They Say, "We
Think Peruna Is the Greatest Medicine oa Earth."
No man is better known in the State of It is a fact of ever-increasing astonish-" Peruna Kept In the House for Five
Nebraska than Mr. Carl T. Roberts, raent that so many otherwise sensible Years
contractor and mason. A typical Amerl- f n ? Provident people will, for the neg- »i>,.^ T .. tTmnn ,r,« „„„,, v
can— active shrewd and full of business lect ? f BO alza P lf > * precaution as to have Mr. Albert Lietzmann. 1E38 MUwauiea
can active. shrewd and full of business ft q{ Femn& at han(J brlng avenue, Chicago, 111., writes:
sagacity. He is not only a provider for themselves the needless suffering and "* am onl y t0 ° * lad t0 in*°nn you that
his family, but a protector. In a recent foolish expense that a practitioner of I am feeling splendid and have sever felt
letter to Dr. Hartman' he writes, among medicine is forced to witness every day. better in my life,
other things, as follows: A Family Medicine p^ETS,* 1X$£gZ£TS£tf&
"Our boy, James, had the membranous TC nifeV» R^?*BanVS 5 «?t« tT t0 P erfectlon - J be * an t0 * e » a ™*&.
croup, and aiterU , had recovered he was ZSZJSL^ £ f iic^ 'Sd'S'S
subject to repeated attacks of lung fever. certainly feel grateful to folks had kept PerU na In the house- for
"Our boy, Charlie, was also subject to Z™*° r / ,i )Ut f V lnS su^\ a f"" catarrh the last five years. I am sue I wouldr.'t
.a* ***** &rag »«' ':zf^^\^W^T:v^\ n^z t^x^' a ' a " ittoi '- c '
third boy, John, was subject to fever and come in contact have catarrh in some " ciaciJ- "* fcUU ALBERT LJETZMANN
ague (malarial) and liver trouble. . ■ "&* S£? PerSSa Ind get 5 " Self 6 ° f thum Mr - J - H - Billings. Tyronxa. Ari.
"Your remedy, Peruna, cured my boys "Myself and family were all sick a few writes:
enticelv end now I have three of the health- £ ays ag0 ,™! tn stomach trouble and used "My vdfe and my little boy six years old
enuceiy, ana now i nave wires or we neann Peruna wlth very satIsfactory result3 8nd and myself have been using your medl-
test boys in the Siaie of Aebraska. which I at one-third the cost it would have been dne. I was broken down and my wife had
attribute to your medicine. My wife had *•? jSfiSffii^ iSJSSJS^^Sr^S «"•»*• x »T rer JS w an * lhln ° " ke Pe "
's'.omach (rouble which Feruna also cured. edy than Peruna." - runa for a strength producer ana appe-
"tHrirether far mv whole familv we have ** °- SUMMERSETT. tizer." J. H. BILLINGS.
Altosether for my whole tamiiy we have Without Peruna » T - J - balden of Jamestown. N. Y..
had nineteen bot les of Peruna. and have ™ e j^ s ilZ n Ti, T' * rlte3 a3 follow3 t0 Dr - Hartman:
thus saved over $500 in doctors bills, - f^ 'dn^^all^ PerJnJ^ has curld m4 "Peruna is curing my wife of femal*
"lam a contractor and mason by trade fouV-JSrSS *£J Wsimis? a"d "T^ nT SST
\andamknown a,l over Kebraska. I have that o< , h worst s u» g^-J^^ -?£tf«*
\had a stomach trouble, which has been S»t d Oet S? a «S «t^?« Vi 1 us.
' greatly relieved by vour remedy, Peruna. for £k tlmTo Si fourth hfiVonsUs were " B , efore ***** y°^/^tmer.t I had
ihic/l am still jawing ,t. We think it is ~ *"* & T^^ST
the greatest medicine on earth. , duce them, so I used his medicine for . A :'- r 1 ' .# « • *„
C t ROBERTS four or flv « weeks and the boy got but : to soon as the value cf Feruna is fully
, Fall's City. Nebraska, £7 tha? %S"SSl I g£ h S? JSSd'chSS tS VP"**"-* every household, both as a
'death in spite of ail we could do. preventive and cure of these affections, ie-.s
-Mr. T. G. Walker, Carneiro, Kansas, "In looking over your almanac I saw of thousands' of tires will be saved, and J
writP«s- "Tt is with oleasure that I re- -Penm* recommended for throat trouble. ,.' . . * , . , ... .
writes, it is wun pleasure uui Are so j wrote tQ Df Hartman ln regard to hundreds of thousands of chrooic, lingering +
port, that I am better, than I ; have been my boy . s throat. He recommended Pe- ." - of disease ore'vented Peruna is a
i for •* many years. I. believe Peruna is runa, and in less than two months his case3 of a '? ease Pfeveazea. reruna^ is_a
■n-itn'^it a rtmiht thp.best medicine that throat was well; t got one bottle of Pe- household saieffuard. ' -»,.
without a doubt the -best medicine that runa and lt cured him ' sound and well ' - - - -
was ever used in a family. It has cured We not do without lt, and will use A complete work on chronic catarrh
my nervousness, with which I had been it for all throat and lung trouble." sent free to any address by The Peruna
afflicted for a great number of years." • • * ■ JAMES A. STALLS. Medicine Co.. Columbus. Ohio. •
SCHLEY DOES NOT DESIHE
Continued From' Page Thirty-Three
other members of the court might have
reached. - . .
Senator Hale thought there would be
and -should be no further Investigation.
He is chairman of the Committee on Na
val Affairs and aaid he would use what
ever Influence he might possess against
further inquiry as detrimental to the best
Interests of the navy.
Senator Cullom declared that further
inquiry would be tomfoolery and that no
more light on the subject should be se
cured than had been,
t Democratic Senators | generally seemed
to wait mon the expression of opinion by
the frlenus of Admiral Schley. Senator
Martin said that while he did not feel
called upon to present a declaration he i
thought that Congress should adopt a j
joint resolution stating Its confidence In
the admiral. Senator Bacon said he
would be glad to vote for a resolution;
declaring Admiral Dewey's position to be
the correct position. Senator Money as- ■
sented to the proposition that Congress
should act if action was desired by the !
friends of Admiral Schley. ( Senator Raw- !
lins thought a resolution of confidence 1
would be in order, and Senator Jones of i
Arkansas thought it most probable that ;
a resolution bearing upon the question;
was among the probabilities. j
Representative Pearre of Maryland, j
who represents the Maryland district i
from which Admiral Schley came, stated!
to-day that he would introduce a resolu- j
tion for a Congressional investigation of
the entire Sampson-Schley. affair, unless'
his colleague from Maryland, Schirm, '
who had contemplated introducing such :
a resolution, carried out this action, i
Pearre said he had not formulated the '
details of the proposed Congressional In- ■
qulry, but he thought it would be deslra- \
ble to have it conducted by special com- i
mittee, rather than by one of the regular I
committees of the House.
Chairman Foss of the • House Naval
Committee declined to express an opinion
as to whether. Congress would deal with
the Schley case. He says he has been
careful to avoid taking sides on the sub*
Ject, as.lt might come before the com
mittee and he wishes to preserve a wholly
Impartial attitude. Among Foss' associ
ates it is the general understanding that
the chairman is not favorable to Congres
sional action. i «.•■■ . .
Chairman Payne, the majority floor
leader, when asked if a Congressional In
vestigation was likely to be held said:
"Why should .Congress go Into the sub
ject? Admiral Schley "has had his day, In
court, and I doubt whether. It would b<s
advisable for Congress to go over tb*
ground already covered "by the court of
inquiry." .
, Representative Meyer of Louisiana, a
member of the Naval Committee and an
authority on naval affairs, said: "I. do not
think. there should be a Congressional in
vestigation. The verdict of the ; American
people finds Its best expression in the find
ings of Admiral Dowey."
Representative Chester Long of Kan
sas said: . "If Congress could develop In
formation which the court of Inquiry had
failed to develop It might be well for Con
gress to investigate, but Congress cou'd
do no more than go over what the court
has done." '- ; .
Representative Sherman of New York
said: "I think the country will accept Ad
miral Dewey's view as conclusive, an-!
that Congress will take the same view
of It. Dewey's "conclusions will- live in
history, long' after the other members- of
the court are forgotten."
CAPTAIN PARKER PLEASED.
Says Dewey Is the Best Man to Judgs
of.Schley's Acts.
NEW TORK,rDec. 14.- r Captain Parker
of Admiral. Schley's counsel .was told
early, this mornig of the purport of >the
two Schley reports. He said: V
, "Admiral Dewey,. better than any one
else in the world, was qualified to judge
this case.* He Is the one man living besides
Admiral ,' Sehley who ' conduct ed , a cam
paign and fought a.battle withmodern
ships under modern conditions." He prob
ably feund there was a difference b Jtween
theory and practice.. and. judged Schley, lp
the Hcht of his -own experience. The, two
.other members of the court were high
minded men of the highest character, and
men who would not misjudge knowingly
or willfully. They never had the expe
rience the admiral had had, and probably
did not .see things. in the same light as he
did. We shall leave the matter to the
Judgment ' of the people of the country,
I Friedman^'g Furniture §
1 , ,tx y-v }} Ask "Him" If he saw lh!s [
I JpOr g -Iflif^* ad * will be a good hint
« '': . ' JL*r V_^ (XI VJ/aXV^« • that you would -like a nice [
| . ' Dressing Table for Christ- i
fl mas. In the mean time come In and select one. We '11 put it aside for you. sj
H fl&5^ '^fll<^\*^ \ Some one in every home would like gj
II «!?"? W^ll~?\ ' ' an( * appreciate a Parlo;^ Desk as a jj
H hSgagsfia"! sj' tllilPl- present. Beautiful woods, superb fin- ff
II ™7iHr M- 1 ishes, novel designs; prices up to $50. |j
H Orj/Jla C««^M'Vt^ One in mahogany finish wit.i handy A
I jijMjpci feffiSPl shelf and locked writing leaf $3.25 [U
N ssssgsji^ slffliu' o* 2^ 3*^ Had you thou Sht how nice \ present
M HHll-; a pedestal would make? Hurdreds of j
H i j : ] if: t^^^Mt3^~i^^ elegant ones; up to ?45. One :;o!id gol- \
, g den oak > 5 ft h 'gh» round top $2.75
I Mra fffffi B v . At home . , I
n jJ«»laJlJ|j •nh.'/.iiff |W|\ Every one gets pleasure and profit out j|
B •■ /^Sr^ir — — -— . «__ fli» of a Bookcase combined with a writing H
m \1$?'^\ r\ p* /^~"~~ " ts^' This one has glass doar, roomy M
H I l P\lj\ | $i) d csk; capacity for a family's books. H
H AfJ.^Vj/ \^|**\ Plate mirror. Golden oak C|3 Rfi 0
\ Post Street ff^LSSSS jjfefr^ faPjSTjffij^ Privat,^ ebMM f
Confident that in the Just popular mind
the findings of Admiral E>ewey will bo
sustained."
Captain Parker seemed almost as much
pleased that Admiral Dewey had sus
tained Rear Admiral Schley as If tho
court had been unanimous In the verdict
that he (Dewey) rendered.ISMAIU
The Gypsy
Marvelous Revelations of t the
Future as Well as Facts
To!d of the Past.
CROWDS CONSULT HER.
1
The San Francisco public have so often
been humbugged by charlatans in the
guise of clairvoyants and palmists that
they cannot fall to appreciate and visit
for consultation Ismar, the celebrated
Egyptian Seeress, who has resided in San
Francisco for years and whose marvelous
Rift of foresight has made her the wonder
of the age.
In her chosen work Bhe Is truly marvel-
ous. She tells of events In your past life
long ago forgotten. As for the future, she
draws aside the mystic veils and gives 1
you a correct insight thereto. She sets ;
the worried mind at ease: tells of losses •
end achievements yet to come; how to :
avert disaster, and also locates beyond I
the shadow of a doubt the seat of any
physical ailment with which one is afflJct-
ejj- The great Journals throughout Amer-
V5a have published bo many incidents of
her foresight that It would be but useless
repetition to Fpeak of them here. j
Ismar ccn be consulted daily, 10 to 5, !
ind Sundays from 10 a. m. to 12 m., at her 1
office. 114S Market street, opposite Shrth.
30x60 inches
We have a full line of La-
dies' Desks in birdseye maple,
oak and mahogany, from
$5.00 up. .
Open evenings during the
holidays.
Free delivery in Oakland,
Alameda and Berkeley.
T. Brilliant
FURNITURE CO.,
23S-S42 POST STREET. •
Opposite Union Square. J
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
klUSEUt;! OF AHATOHY*
j. q> The Largest Aiuitcjnical Museum in tbe \
O r*xk*~*. Wor1 *- w eaknes^es or *ny contracted A
~ E5 253 *s«»e poKiUvrly rarod br the oldest Y
© »££ Q j bpeoalist oc the Coast. Est. 36 yean. ©
% A h&jvi OH. JORDAN-DISEASES OF HEN A
A f^S>>5t3 Coiwnltation free end stii't^jr pHyate. \
6 I J§t£ I '^ r ''* :; " e: ' t petsonailjr rr by letter. A A
\ P If » I J>orl " vt C^"* '» e»ef>" case oodfTtaken. \
4 I* If tl* Write for Book. PHILemOPBTaf A
V » JJ 1' B4I1RI.VGI-:, MAILED F«EE. (Af
\ Jt j J. valuable book for meu ) \
V OU jOSDAX A CO.. 1351 M«rtotSt.S. F. Q
rRERFECT EVE-QLA5SES
fiffe^ by Expert 0pticia,r\5
_ .^theOculariOm
OPTICIANS PhotocR^
MISSION ST.,
Next to Fourth St.,
26x100 FEET TO JESSIE STREET AND 50
j^ • FEET IN REAIt.
$31,000,
THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery St
turn.' CHICHEVTER'S ER6U8M
W — <C"-*v Orlciaal «nd Only Geaals*.
K%TT»3u* J V SATE. *!>'•'• rcli»h:«. LtuSlec uk Dixrrit*
5^f ( K*» *« CraiCBESTEBSH KSGLfifl
4>U3WL<C\ in KEO «=d bold m«t*ai« bcxei. mle«
*r» — -TV r C »*in "••»• riDbcn. Take no other. KeftiM
fn «?% OS l»»T«rw"» BaktiltvttoM nd lmlta<
I / -T tn tt«M. 8b/ «f 7«mr DratgUt. or »end 4«. ta
W' Jf hum far PartJevlsn, TeatlmaaUto
I W J2> *O(l"neK«rrt.rL»<!le*,"«>»i»ft«r, by r«.
v »— "-/ an VrnxglMtM. Ctlehe»ter Chemical C*,
Kmtiw till |>ap«T. Mufll— w, tx;*mr«, FBIUU PA.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AKT> WASHINGTON BTS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KIIsG. WARD &
SO. ETiropean plan. Room*, 60c to $1 60 day;
»5 to t» week; f-S to $20 month. Free batha;
not and cold water every room; flre grates in
rvery room; elevator runs all night.
V-..^patents!: 5
XiS^aao MARKET.bT. Sf.
NOTED SWINDLER
SAFE IN PRISON
John Moran Is Sent to
the New York Peni*
tentiar^v -.■
A Notorious , Criminal Well
Kn o-wn to Pacific Coast
Officers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOCKPORT, N. Y.. Dec. 14.— John Mo
ran, known to the Federal authorities as
a man of many aliases, who has just
been sent to the State Prison at Auburn,
has a record for crimes committed in
Colorado and Southern California. For
several months his • headquarters " had
been in Los Angeles, and later in' San
Francisco. He has given the Pension De
partment a good deal' of trouble all. along
the Pacific Coast. He appears ' to \ have
made the mistake" of his life by coming
back to the East to carry on . his swin
dling operations. .
By representing himself to be a pension
officer Moran obtained many thousands
of dollars from veterans. . He would tell
them that he had found that there was a.
doubt as to the value of their claims. He
sold his alleged evidence for large sums
in many instances. -•
Moran was caught at South Bend,. Ind.,
in 1898. and taken before the United
States Court at Grand Rapids, Mich.' Fed
eral Judge H. F. Stevens at that time
sent "him to-the Detroit House of,. Cor-,
rection for a short term. When he was
released he went to California,, but came
back a few months ago. He is a middle
aged man and has served terms in al
most every part of the country. His cap
ture at South Bend before he was sent
to Detroit was accomplished by sending
him a letter which he called to claim.
He was then caught by the officers and
identifled by a score of veterans whom
he had swindled.
Once while in prison Moran performed
the heroic feat of pulling all his teeth
with his own hands in order to change
the appearancee of his face. His most
roteworthy feat was the sending of an
Innocent man to prison for a term, of
eighteen years. In 1835 the Round. Oak
Siove Company at Dowaic had trouble
with its men and a warehouse was
burned. Moran was then serving time
in the New York State Prison. He wrote
to the police at Dowaic and said that the
crime had been committed by one Simeon
Ticc. Tice was arrested and convicted
by means of the letter and a chain of cir
cumstantial evidence. Moran's object
was to be taken to Michigan as a wit
ness, in the belief that once out of New
Ycrk State he could not be held for the
serious offense he had committed and
for which he was serving tlmR He failed
in this, but Tice went to the. peniten
tiary, i
MUST STAND A TBIAL
FOB. ALLEGED FBAUD
Helen Post, Mental Scientist, Is Held
by United States Grand
Jury.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Dec 14.— The
grand jury in the United States Court
has returned a true bill in the case
against Helen Post, alias Helen Wllmans,
of Sea Breeze, Fla. The Indictment
charges that the defendant violated sec
tion 5480 of the Revised Statutes by de
vising schemes and artifices to defraud
various persons under false and fraudu
lent pretenses on her part, by represent
ing that she possessed the power of men
tal-science of mind, to cure all forms of
dsease and- weakness, for which she re
ceived money that was converted to her
own use.
The case promises to become celebrat
ed, as the Mental Scientists, at their re
cent national convention in Sea Breeze,
voted to participate in the defense of the
accused woman and -her associates. Mrs.
Post was arrested in August last, but has
been under $1000 bail. Her husband, C. C.
Post, and her son-in-law, - S.- F. Burgman,
were indicted in Macon, Ga., last month.
WABM WOBDS. ARE USED
IN AUSTBIAN BEICHSBATH
Lawmakers in. Vienna Become Aroused
and Have an Interchange
of Epithets.
VIENNA, Dec. 14.— A violent scene
arose in the Reichsrath yesterday, when
a socialist member, 'Herr'EUenbogen, de
scribed the proceedings of the anti-
Semites at the recent municipal elections
as deceitful. A furious interchange of
epithets followed, the rival parties call
ing each other swindlers, thieves and
rogues. This led to. unseemly, scuffles.
The astonishing scene was brought to a
close by a voice loudly Quoting from
Goethe's "Goez Von Berlichingen," which
caused such surprise . that the tumult
ceased. .-..:
Fire Destroys a City Hall.
NEBRASKA CITY. Neb., Dec. 14.— The
City Hall was completely destroyed by
flre to-day. The .fire department head
quarters were located in the ruined build-
Ing. One steam fire engine and some oth
er apparatus was burned, but the greater
part was saved. A hose driver, asleep in
the headquarters, was injured by fire and
smoke. The City Hall records were saved.
Loss $15,000, insurance $2500. The origin
of the fire is unknown.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dyspepsia
Lives*
ii Oisooso
/ / CURED BIT
II Ell) $!FDrF*€
II C/flt* ■ BLi^VL v
// fiOLDEN
// (Medical
JLJdiscoverv.
«I was weak, nervous and dizzy, with a
fainting sensation when walking," writes
Jesse Children, Esq.. cf Samuel, Sullivan
Co., Tenn. "Could not walk any distance*
always felt bad after eating; felt as though
something- wms sticking in my throat, al-
ways uneasiness in stomach. Doctored
with three phjiidaM bot they did not
""*** .me- X grew worse -and used
everythlnj; I could think of; was nearly
ready to give up and then some one told
me that Dr. Pierce's medicine Was good,
so I began taking his 'Golden Medical
Discovery."' I have token seven bottles of
that now and am aa stout as erer, and en-
joying health as much as ever before. I
worked all summer and this winter as
much as any one. My. case was liver dis-
ease end nervous dyspepsia of which your
medicine has cured me. In September
X898 my weight was about now
it is 195. Please accept my sincere thanks."
T^E SAN FRANCISCO CALL,: SUNDAY, PECEMBER 715, 1901.
SCHOOLS TAKE
RAILROAD COIN
Union Pacific Company
.'■^ Makes v Complaint
- * to Courts. ■
Corporation Says Education
Expenses Run Fast ■ >
;;•' ■ and High.
Special dapatch to The Call.
OMAHA, i Dec. . 14.-The Union \ , Pacific
Railroad is complaining to the courts that
it is obliged to educate the larger portion
of the children' of Western Nebraska and
Eastern Wyoming out of its own pocket.
The citizens are taking such advantage
of the law in the sparsely settled districts
that -the railroad Is obliged to shoulder
nine-tenths or the cost of maintaining the
schools. • , ." i .--■> -.■}. .,■ r-
The railroad cites the case of one school
district in Cheyenne County where there
are only Mx children of school age living
In the district. They are all members of
one family, and as a matter of .convenience
the kitchen . of their home Is converted
Into a schoolroom. The teacher, is the
mother of the family and her salary is
paid by a school, tax,.' 92 -per cent, of .which
falls upon the company s right of way.-
The company would not object so much
to the .salary .if it .were Jiot for the coal
bills. . Last winter In a six' months' ' term
the district school consumed twenty tons
of coal. The. school was only supposed tf
be in session, the complainant points out;
for five daysin^the week " ahd - for five
hours each day. - ,
In seeeking relief from the alleged
hardship the company's first step was to
place an -old caboose off its wheels along
the right of way in the school district.
In this shelter one of the employes estab
lished a residence as a voter. A section
of the company's land was deeded to him
and he has brought suit as a resident and
a taxpayer .against extravagance - in - the
management of the school district. It will
be necessary to bring similar action in
other communities. > ,
BUILDER OF STBEETS.
City Street Improvement Company
Leads All Competitors.
The leading corporation of the Pacific
Coast which Is engaged almost exclusive
ly in ' the construction of streets of. every
character, wharves, bridges/reservoirs,
jetties and seawalls, is the City. Street Im
provement Company, the offices of which
are located in the Mills building. The pres
ident of, the company is J. W. McDonald,
a gentleman of wide experience - in his
business; and to whose skill and acumen
the success of the corporation in the past
few years is principally due. . . . •
■ The operations of the company ' are by
no means confined to San Francisco.
While the principal streets of this city
have been paved 1 by the company and
while many of the best wharves along the
front have been constructed*by the.-con
cern,; there are many parts of the State
In which its handiwork is conspicuously
displayed. The company Is the leader.. in
the work of. laying bituminous rock pave
ment. It has' extensive bitumen 'mines in
-Santa Cruz, Monterey and San. Luis Obls
po counties. Its . facilities for. the per
formance of this particular class of work
are unexcelled. The company also manu
factures vitrified brick on a large scale,
and about a year ago acquired the Stelger
Terra Cotta and Pottery Works, from
which the best ironstone pipe ■ for sewers
known to the trade is issued. At the pres
ent.time this company has under_construc
tion at Hunters Point, San Francisco, one
of the largest dry docks in the world, and
js also engaged in building the roadway, to
Trocadero. . The npw wharves. at Howard
and Main streets were also built : by the
company during the current year..
The officers of the company are: J. W.
McDonald, president; W. E. Dennison,
vice president; W. J. Wiley, W.D.,Shel
don, T. B. Bishop, directors. -
HOUSE SOON TO HEAR j
OE CONTESTED ELECTIONS
One of the Controversies Abruptly
Terminated by Death of a " .
j'-. . .Virgfinian! .,..-.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Dec. , 14.-The j
hearing of conteested election cases . will \
begin early in January before the various |
election committees of the House." There
are seven of these contests, including that
made by ex-Representative Lentz of Ohio
against the sitting member from the" Sev- ;
enth Ohio district. Representative Tomp
kins. One of the contests, begun by Gen«*
eral Walker of Virginia, for the seat from
the Ninth Virginia district, has • been j
terminated by the death of the con.
testant after all the testimony had been
taken and the briefs filed. •
The remaining cases are: Seventh Ala
bama, N. B. Spears against Representa
tive Burnett; Third Kentucky, J. A
Moss against -Representative . Rhea; ,
Twelfth Missouri, W. M. Horton against
Representative Butler; Third North Caro-
Una, J. E. Fowler -against Representative
Thomas; Seventh North Carolina, A. B.
Dentzler against Representative Stevens; I
Fourth fVirginia, C. E. Wilson against
Representative -Lassiter. •■.■•-■-
E.B.UTTSCHNITT ORDEBS
MOBE "NEW ENGINES
Cars Tied Up in Texas Will Partially
Believe the Existing
Shortage. I ■■■''-'•■'■
HOUSTON. .Tex.. Dec. 14.— Vice" Presl-
dent Kruttschnitt of the Southern Pacific
announces that orders ' have been placed
for sixty new freight engines, five pas
senger and ten switch engines in addition
to the 103 recently ordered, and which are
now being delivered.
Kruttschnitt estimated the car shortage
on the SOUth Atlantic division at nlnuu
1000. per day, and to partiully relieve, it
he has ordered several hundred cars now
tied up here with New York, freight to
Galveston, where vessels have been or
dered from New York to receive the
cargoes. , ..;.•
Train Disaster on a Bridge.
TROY, Ohio, Dec. 14.— The lust span of
the Big Four bridge ncroas the Miami
River .one-half mile east of Troy- went
down at 5 o'clock this morning us a west
bound freight was crossing. Fireman W.
H. Clifford of Indianapoila was killed, an j
at 11 o'clock to-day his body had not been
recovered from the river. The engineer,
fireman and conductor were in the cab of
the engine at the time. The conductor,
George Henry, had his right hand badiy
scalded, but the engineer escaped with
out a scratch: The bridge was. supposed
to bo one of the best on' the road.- The
engine and nine cars went to the bottom
of the river. SraSRaStaPMe
Brewery Workers Elect Officers.
CINCINNATI. Dec. 14.— The election of
officers of -the Brewery Workers' Union,
which was taken on the referendum plan,
was announced here to-day as follows:
Julius Zorn. Cincinnati, secretary; .Louis
Kemper, Union Hall, N. J., financial sec
retary; William Trautman, Cincinnati, ed
itor National Journal; executive board-
Charles Pommerof New York, Gustave
RlchterV)f Milwaukee, August Prleslebach
of St. Louis, 'Frederick Zepp of Cleveland,
Charles Kindle of Milwaukee and Hugo
Zeitholt of Plttsburg. Over 21,000- votes
were cast. Fifty-six unions failed to re
turn their ballots. The headquarters of
the union will remain in Cincinnati.
Military • Prisoner ' Is Shot.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Dec. 14.-General
Prisoner. George Leroy and Prisoner
Wright escaped from the guard at 7 the
United States barracks Saturday, .'arid
Leroy was shot through the right should
er and arm by Private Barlow, a • guard
Wright escaped and the guard has orders
to shoot him on sight. ■
Twelve Cases of Smallpox.
BOSTON, Dec. 12.-Twelve new! cases of
smallpox have been discovered here dur
ing the past; twenty-four hours.'- ,"'"-■.,..
I Christmas -N in nine -• . '~\*^J&^*^r^^ % Give useful gifts this I
i been arranged in a jJsL V/ lliP^_l IPlllP "lit V or wee^ s ' anc * which,
I manner suitable to the I^B^/ ' X^St^i h ° m COmfort the ?
I Price, $12.00. Golden Price, $9.00. Mahog- • ~ " ; oak toilet table with i fl
a oak rocker with pol- . %e anized .birch music Price, $7.50. Weath- • swinging mirror, 21 by . .- Price, $24.00. Golden 5j
B r ished.^wood- seat in cabinet, 42 inches high - ered oak tabouret, SO 26. inches, and large oak Morris chair, with B
m " saddle : shape and and 20 inches wide. Inches high and top 15 double swelled front reversible velour cash- H
■ B carved back. A very . Contains five remov- ■ inches in diameter. It drawer. Stands 59 ions and adjustable ||
H substantial, rocker . In • j able shelves. Curtain has a heavy glass bot- inches high to top o* back. Has spring a
a an exceptionally desi- ► is not included In ;■• ■• : torn." and Is just the mirror and 37 inches , seat. Also in mahog- H
8 rable. pattern. -.,-. i "'_:. price., ,'. •■* :■■ thing for. a jardiniere. ; wide. ' anized birch at $24.00. J
I; . .' v r . Price. $30.00. Golden oak combi-
- ' • . • .;; . i nation bookcase desk TO . Inches
Price, $22.00. Golden oak book- r»- : Price, $21.00., Golden oak library high and 41 inches wide. Bookcase
ti • case7 with Colonial lattice front • - table of massive construction. Meas- section has four adjustable shelves. ■
a doors- - and * four adjustable ures 28 inches high and 88 inches In Above desk there is a mirror 10 by . t
a''/ shelves. Width, 36 inches; diameter. Base is strongly braced • 17 inches and beneath this a shelf
i§ / • height, 52 Inches. witlf heavy crossbars. A very suit- with drawer. Under desk there
a / Same case In mahogany or • able table for card playing, having are three drawers, top one having
B \ birdseye maple, $25.00. . \ a large surface. __^^ a swell front. H
■ -I—— — : — .;.:; -T7*. |
1 Price. $35,00.' Golden oak bookcase ■ » — ' Height 74 Inches by 47 Inches a
« • In a t beautiful finish Measures B4 ' Prlco. $S5.00. Golden oak buffet and china wide. Contains four removable H
a • inches high and 42 inches wide *Con- closet combined. Measures 57 inches high. 60 • shelves. Jtop one having mirror H
H tains:four adjustable shelves Front " inches wide and 20 inches - deep. • French bevel back. Tne glass sides are 11
■ '■ corner -Dosts are round and. are mirror in top 10 by 26 inches. Two good-sized . rounding, as is the glass In door §
U , curved it each end. - drawers In center, with cabinets below. China . also. The posts on either side 11
B ,..♦■;• Also have this bookcase In mahog- closet at each end 17 by 3G Inches, with mirror of door are round and the panel Ij
H • any at $40.00. .. ■■'.- . backs and- latticed glass doors and sides. . . over door is nicely carved. : s
I 957 to 977 Market Street^ Oppoisitc Golden Gate Avenue. ] I
AT>VERTISEMENTS.
3536
SyMyf fA : e P resent the following suggestions for gifts in order to help answer the perplexing question, \vhich is paia- KXl^ |jwl^
M^^^^^^^W^J^mf I^^^nimtl Jl^^^^^^^^ ]S 0 [ There are so man^ people in this world who believe in sensible, practicable gifts, such as furnishings, hats and
1 "%^^^§^$^W /!0^$ f/W^iWwWw if nn ■'Wif/l^^P^^^^ f^% jll ; 'Usefui gilts, above all others, must be of good quality, stylish, up-to-date and desirable in every way in order |p&
W^*y! f/iw^fliiiii III tf Jl/l/rllllfn m^^y^^^i^' °i^y t0^ serve tne i r purpose properly.. Our goods, we are pleased to say, are of such character as to faithfully perform y^r, ov\
t^in^^^^^^^^^^^ mi/$m 'llUll '\m ''/ II I) 1 1 ill ill <^^ this mission. Where a size is not known to the giver,' or where it is preferable for the recipient to choose the pat- pj/ 0 P^^
j^^i^^^l^^^^^vW JiiuB I 'l/M'i/ /)!/ (I Mil nil' ' I^T^^ : JPq tern, style or color of the article, our "Merchandise Order/' issued for any amount, will prove convenient and P er "^x jq£*
°i^li|^^^^F I ll 1 \W HM ffl i m - ' .Neckwear White Shirts Smokin? Jackets Men's Suits M I0f
7k$ § MMfflilzM \ \ fI- fll / ilVilJ 11 f/// /v -I W^^^^V^^^i Wr •' Elegant : line of bows, tecks Made with bosom of linen and Made of golf cloth, tricot and Sack suits in single or double r* 4 * Q
••^"V.l^'C^^^^P^r St-SMMi/M^ '\\\ VI li«l U J.illil //'i/v/ /fl //I X and four-in-hands, 25c. body of muslin, 75c arid $1. velveteen in an extensive as- breasted styles, in solid colors V^. tftrl a
n$'&*ffi&*?&'7/ I^'-W'lrfi^i \\\ \l 111' I ! /$/M//ffl ffl//W K^S Handsome assortment of Made of linen for full dress, sortment of stripes, plaids and and fancy patterns, in cheviots, fi£N |]v^f^
1 -. jfe^lufe^ \'U\ W\\\ il'lV /JW' MJw K^^^fll'^V^ 1 ?/'^^ if^a tecks, four-in-hands, imperials $i and $1 50 checks in harmonious colorings tweeds, serges and clay wor- " KjiH I] *V.v]l
S^^^^/v^S 'i^^^HIl \S\\\1! \:\l\Wlffl/Jyt^ J l\lii3§S&4?;§^ and bat ties. 50c. Earl & Wilson celebrated full of many hues, trimmed with steds. $7.50. $3.00, $10.CO, $12.50 anJ Q^vj I PT^
\Wvl 11 \Wi / /y^^'^^> J f-^I^SSiiS^ Collars Colored Shirts Bath Robes * cutaway ■ frock suits m c?a 5 C?°ii^n.
*^1^^2^®f^S?^^^ffi\\ \^Uliil» - 1M All styles of Earl & Wilson M ade of percale, with laun- flanne S l bath robes°in pattlrns^of S!* tlS-SoT JId^OO^^It'oO and F^l B I
O HM\\l'iW- • ' ' .v*^ make,_25c. dered bosom and separate cuffs; all colors. $3.50, $5.00, $6.50, $7.50, $20.00; finer grades of worsteds. 0 ?*3
i^W^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ ''^^^^^SS^ftSS^®^' J~r3r Alt StyleS ° f V1Ct ° r bra ° d> S a hundred patterns; 56c,^ 65c and $8.50 and $10.00: ... vicunas and mixtures. $20.00. Q yli^Sf
t^|i^^^^^^^^^M J^IUI'- - Wt sofEu^ ncP - Pe^ ''Made of madras with laun- Ni?ht Shirts f b«ts in fine cla 5 -
WVWlW v /^^, : ? ; '^s"-^'-?S^-^ £y^ Made of madras, cheviot, ox- Made of cotton, plain trim- coa t and ea T .on no tfi \»n 811^*^
\^1^^^^^^^^KSS|^§M VSS|S ; \ r^^tfl^plMli^^SSSSS m t"e 63 ° f Earl & WilS °" ' Tf Ta d r4 e assortment h o e f min S, 2,n& $1.00. $25.00; fine vlcunasf' coat anc! Mtil^vf
MW^^W^^^^^^^^^^^m!^ -'^^^^^^^^^^^ M r^l" °' EUSGne - PCySer S^^^dT' 0 ' ' tr^n^^S-OoT'SJ^nd SsTmSal^"patt^! 1^1 |M
vZP|^>?,%?/ r 1^v^^^>i>fj^ 111 "->W^-' : -' ; '' '''v^Vft'.''; *' ' ''^ J^P brand. 20c. , , n Made of twill, sateen, madras, $3.00.- for wear with Prince Alberfi O jiw^ n
W&t |^' fT "' :v:> ' ; ''; '*.' * : - 'V^V^^r^ ? '^^'-'-^"'^M .%\wl^^^^^^^^^^^^ 0 • : ., . French flannel, cheviot, silk, Made of flannelette in many from J3.50 up to $7.00. iJh^ftitr^s.
i«v^<?5 - -•-'v'-/ 1 - ';■- "■'/.'■';""•"- -;^' V * • V AMAV^^Sl^^^a^SS;^^ GiOVSS ;j. . - etc., in nsgllgee, 50c, $1, $1 50 up striped effects, 50c, $1.00 and$1.50. "We carry a full Una of dressr 1?^1 S Bv-lX
M •S^^^^^^^^^^^^^nf\,Ta ; fii]fe^^^^^^^ : ' Suspenders w^, 0^™^"'" 0 under " R |°^ rH^F"" "'""""''^ P P^-
Ik isif |te$^w^^^^^ wm^^^^m m [: r:- stlc: " e^ 25C ana K s^ b c TJr or gg-a^g&jagBu" Men's Hau %% l^i
Nul Y^<:i£-"^j'v^#t*^ 'Il^^^t::^''/' ''''t/'-i'.'-',"*. *,l*-' ; --r4 . Swell colorings in i neat pat- Fancy striped Baibriggan un- . . Derbys in black, brown, cedar. |l +ff
m^^fe^^^^^^ «®^^ derwear in swell colorings of Umbrellas ™' ™' olfif
mi^iL^^^^^^^^^^^^ r^^P^Pl^^i # :^ - lm^ ev^ sha^52 50and$3 glorte jdlk with fancy ? Fedora. Jn^black.^n^ Bg^
JP^ B$fe^?^^55^^^^^^^^^*^^^ li^ =^^^^^^^fe^^^\ 1 L '-i^^^^^^^^^r 7 V^IS^ ' ~~7. ~~" Form-fitting Australian wool. taffeta pure f 1.95, l2°50 and $f.oSf 1 |W&
■/=% I^^^-^T^^^^ h£^^Mm§^:' \ W&& XS&! : \ .HOSiery.- fleece or camel ' s ■ haIr ,.. under- silk> with fancy mounted or Dunlap Crushers in black, /_ 0 m^\
V v> H*XC* ySi^;>/"^- i <"A^-^*^^iiS^^^g5^ ai ' :^^^^ \%C JVii^l • •; - •' •• wear, in almost any color, $3 nlain handle* $3 00 $3 "0 $4 00 u cedar, steel and Oxford. $1.30, YiT f in I&f
'O^i^S^^^^^S \^^^^^\WI/M^^^^^ tf '""^^^^ ■ caSrnere° f in colorings of Cardigan Jackets CaileS gS, P lR/™and < J^|p/
*M\$$MM$^^$ \^^^^^M,J^^^iM^k' <f^ V^^ ' ;:/ Wi V sSSoV^o^^lfScS^some : Made of Uniited wool^ yarn, in wJSi^dlSrSt Thames? wUh JWade-tn-lVlea^ife W l^Cw'i
i$3r H **S*^'?f\^^i^v>>»«' ! vI ■ (If/ y^^^^^&^^^S^^.i'fe-^--"| : ;V-^. :^^ ~<jg|^^ v -^^? \ Plain, some with fancy embroid- navy blue, brown and black, various trimmings, 25c up to iUaUc"lO"iUcd5Ure /?!•> | H »-• I
T/l S^^^^^^^^^yWMf V.^ blue and black, $5.00. ' , \ buttons, 25c, 50c, 75c, $1 50, $6.50, $7°50. n $£5O a°nd % $10.00. ' ' have The^shad es^a^id l p™t fern!; C>Z | *W>1
J?"Q a * > '"'' - V'Vi //j£§3^^^^*~L S^ssr~~~~^§7s " " *"" V^^^^^K • worsted materials, in figures All the other accessories at jg inches, $2.00, $2.50.' $3.00, $4.00, department makes a very ac- {^ iftr'.
THE- SANS FRANCISCO , CALL,, SUNDAT, DECEMBER 15, 1901.Ji IP^ other things when you see what weight, trimmed with black or equal $1.00 and $1.25 pants made CT_ '0 I WWW \\\ I I 1(11 I mil IlllflJ IlHl!fllll UH^ / / />%r/lM^I fliim/fi '■II I''M^^^^^S \i ' f^*K
I 8 t 3 !^ Two-piece suits in mixed pat- mater * S fr ° m Night shirts of muslin or flan- ff$x ' M W$>^l^ 1^ 6^^^^^^' \'f.?il\^* I l^|
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901.
3738
Ithe most progressive and the fastest growing? store in the city, j
st= fhristmSS /^r**^ KJSj^^'^^^^^k Event in 2
t^-~ Are here In creat profusion. We %r* better » %£&* t An admirably opportune eale, for It comes —^
prepared to supply your holiday needs this year — \* '■■ ■ \* ffT^\3f^ ust at a tlme when hundreds of people are _^J
S^ than at any previous season. The stocks are 'Ijlj— '"Xw TC!jtt^i!] Bl mMU4. li- .^:-.umjJ^B>3f'*"''5S\QSr^ thinking of Xmas gifts. These waists are all — -»
••"" greater in variety and choicer in selection. In ■i l l^"*"^t"nXnMin1r " TTT 1 1 W\ n» <^ thl9 "mason's best selling styles, in Flannel and ~2
•^1 the useful, practical articles this store offer* . m '**a&fi±I*^*. Jf3 esL " Cashmere, handsomely stitched, corded and ap-
•»- rou the most attractive assortments at abso- 1 '*' pliqued; In all the fashionable colorings: were —«l
1UtCly l0WCSt PriCC -* t " *' ";;'• ' • COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. Bold aa high as $6.00. Monday. . . . .$3.50 Each
£ A Special Offering of ftrnnt Dnmnfinf OaIa *%( DIaaI# Oill#A umbrella sale
| All Wool Satin Prunella; brBat 0611108111 SfllB Of UWA Silks I$l|| J
£ $5'Psuit Remnants of Taffetas, Peaa de Sole, Armure, Gros Grain anil SaUn Ducfiesse. ' Regular vaiuT^o
51— . ■ • _ " We want every holiday buyer, whose Ideas run on practical lines, to profit by this rare' and. very ex- A suDerb assortment to choose from -^
gr This Is unquestionably the favored ceptlonal offering This will be the most Important Sale of Silk Remnants we have ever held-we therefore —secured all V% sample ?^E?m thS 12
wool material for a stylish etreet advise early attendance. Hundreds of short lengths of the choicest Black Silks will be placed on sale regard- manufacturer's agent The 'handles
costume this fall-aad If you are less of their origlwU cost or value. These have accumulated from the many great Silk Sales we have held of are ol^ Pearl Ivory Horn Tand Tbox- Zl
St: looM** t0T a practical present that JfteaM we are determined to dose them out to-morrow. In this lot you will be able to find WAIST, wood- hav^ paragon frames" of the =3
5= win be appreciated, we miggestone SKIRT orDRESS LENGTHS— varying from 2 to 15 yards each— Silks that were manufactured for this Fall best durable rf™e rollers*
ifc- of these elegant Suit Pattern*. They the products of the celebrated French manufacturers C J BONNET & CO ANT GITINNET & CO an<i r»«. onj . . i T' m o. I. ,n™i -*9
~Z come in all the fashionable AMERICA^ MADKQ -SILK MILLS. ThereT™' RemnanS Tof TAFFETAS, P^AU l?ESOra. ARMURE^ U% "hi?" 3 a« conslde™^^gooS value
fc 6h«4es-50 eulta. Oa ipe. CK.OI) FAILLE FRANCAISB. GROS GRAIN. SATIN. DUCHESSE. etc-all of them conveniently arranged for easy at %2 60 •• Monday !.. .f tf 1 .95 -2
55 elal «ale; reduced toot ault tJ>v cooofting and, marked tolly ONE-THIRD lesa THAN ORIGINAL VALUE. ... !?..... 77°".....! ,, ! iiach Tp 1 **3
I Best Sorts of Holiday Handkerchiefs. Sale of Ebony Toilet Ware, |
ZZ The most acceptable Christmas Gifts. A person never has too many. _, M ■■ - <*&>. An immense assort-^
g: We have an tinrivaled assortment of all kinds— for MEN, WOMEN and ifi&S&k rfmF'//mMw^ *3k >W$k ™e? 1 s^ch^Vbony
■Jt: CHILDREN. They embrace the very best grades of INITIALED- $$$&>*! w/lfS^iSm 9 9P» « "ci5th H Md B MnI: ■ 3
HANDKERCHIEFS— the prettiest effects in embroidered. ' lace trimmed jr.' V^^Jj^P f^f^Sffll p^hfrf^T 0 o'fh -*
and hemstitched; all of them neatly boxed suitable for gifts. JM&bM^ VtjPBw|aw^ KB Bru3hes S 'and Dress- "^
ZZ. Below we mention a few of the many leaders on sale this we.ek: fg$iMM$ ' NSBamBf \§mI m S aU "nstanceo C
*^** - -* _■> . ._ _. . **wm wm ■ «p ■ p M m ■ iB&Bt&SsI " !^S» s^^l than obtainable else- -^
10c Each. 15c Each. 25c Each. 25c and 50c Each. §WM/-J0^m8& Vlk ffl' la ™ h \T E 4Sv e d rt ind
500 Cozen Laiies* Good value »o. Good' value at S5c Gents' All Silk ]R9SS~3\\/ fi^gUa*^P^ \&bk W3* boxed V Cngr a " '^S
»— Fheer Lawn Hem- Ladies' All Linen Ladles' and Gents' Handkerchiefs the (?/' I'lrV UES« M@L Every piece of tho
ZZ ,,,t.v^ u , n , v , r Bmbroidered and Plain linen Hem- *« ln QKercniei8, tne - . "•i-.^j^ V • vPn && llllest Krade. All of -•
•p- Btltched Handker- "I™. "J stitched Handker- finest grades, with aaa *^ V^ W them have beautiful
y= chiefs, with a pretty h^j^j,,^ chiefs, with hand exquisite Initials— • '• ™ silver mountings.
InltI<lJ^. aDd l *V G* 11^' M1 Linen f^u^uTin ''prefty "^ best vai^« we Q^r» EACH. Tooth Brushes, Nail (|.flO EACH. ' 'lllrrors. Military and-—
trimmed; put up In Hemstitched Hand- boxes. Also hun- have ever been able T"*? Files and Whisk Brooms; the €J> 1 cloth Brushes; good qualities. =5{
fancy boxes of 6 kerchiefs, full size; dreds of exquisite t o offer- put in neat S " a * each s P* ci * 1 at . . .' «1.OO each
»- each. On sale at a eplendld Quality— styles In embroidered »__„. :-i*l«.J , A o , -^flr* EACH - Hair and Ha t Brushes TPZt* EACH. Cloth and Hair Brushes;
eacn. vsu eaie « the kind you pay 25c and • lace effects. All *>o«s; »nake Ideal Out and Dressing Combs; special (DC a very fine grade; the best sizes; -ZS
ZZ 60C Per BOX. for elsewhere. at 25c each gifts. value at SOc each at 75c each
| A SALE OF BLACK BROADCLOTH AND OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS liBJIfHii i
ZZ 1500 Yards of the regular f\Y* v*sflKSOw "H OpCCIal Oal6. fWrviTt* Ro««n^m«^£>
$1.25 quality on tale at U^P ,^^^ We haVe prepared for \ bi K t5<XVg3.\VlS
21 Is a ve'ry appropriate 'an'd use"rremembrance '. t&i&r$&$M%&\ business in this department; these /f^ A A (T\ . tj_: m 5l! 7^ flrtrf ~^
!fc end will be thoroughly appreciated by the recipient. Mon- f^^ti V&Mtfo Boas just arrived from the most '^V | B B 8 A alP * =S
"^~ fiay's sale furnlEhes you the opportunity — for by taking- ad- i/ES&S JW£?K?& i: ki ~, o^,,r_^i,,___ -.r "NT^. , fll I _ ■ \B f np Gil E^ffc r.!rt(/oc "S
Z^ vantage of a lucky circumstance we got hold of a «plendld jf||gj 11111? reliable manufacturer of New *+* -«.•-«. TOP 3» I.3U OiOVeS 32
•<— lot of Er.gUsh Broadcloth and Venetian that retail In every gggb*' '4&SS&1 York City, and On them \VC The grandest values in Ladies' Gloves aro now to b° had "^
Z£Z prominent store at ?1 25 a yard They are fully 52 Inches ££§S %%%£ oromise VOU a bie savine here - The y wer e made by the foremost Parts Glove -«
»- wide, strictly all wool, of a rich fast black dye. which we -^^S P roHUSC u a ul>> s ' ivl "^ , Maker, of the finest French Kid and Castor Suede, fin- =2"
5;; v.ill sell, begrmnlns to-morrow, at Ooc yard SfUig; 32g*&< C1 fl-5O KACII— Boas 45 Inches long. ished with the latest stitched backs and fashionable clasps; US
•— :■. t*Sfl>'^ )l££x&! «3>avJ la Black, Gray and Natural. in all colors and slzos. These were recently i»urchased by — **»
£^ CDCPIAI nCCCDIIir 1 nC I AniCC ■&&£& '"'orth $13.00. us at a big loss to the manufacturers— enabling us to offer "2
"^ -«— N OrLUlAL UirLnlllU Ul LMUILO tW?S 3?^* CIK.OO EACH-Bom H inchej lomr, you the best 8I.75 and ?1.50 Gloves at ifl.lO a pair
i: JP?k ECK RU^ S - Q 1 R*i W> <Hr °°«^ v***** Gray " d NaturaL Evcry pah mied and 9U3ranteed -
E '#v^-' fttr^ig,* 3)i. # S c V ■2S. : ?^^^J M u h£S%Sii: THF LATEST SILK WAIST
*^" Xt^?*^ $2.50 and $2.75 \jf w^ m Lacli a^d and fluffy- . ■ i ■■!_ ■_/-% ■ b_*j b OIL t\ TT/^IOI Z*m
SalZ itfv% * atSb You could not find a more suitable A1A ■-« #>■■•# nmiAmvn m» - • *i_'li; •'•'"•■ • CTVI CC N ~^i
VfcttSi Holiday Gift than one of these handsome % Q RQ JJI^ PFTT GOATS FDR OBlLL^.
SHI IJ&BiBl neck pieces— besides there Is quite a sav- VlUiwU OILIV ILINUUHIO lUil vD/l^ M ■ «-«-V-7« -^
<* — 25 Ing for you. We secured a special lot of Our Petticoat Sales are famous. The response accorded Fascinating to every woman — most appropriate to give -*■
ffffk flne *>eck Ruffs, regular $2.60 and $2.75 our advertisement's Is Immediate, as is proven by the many as a Christmas present; most delightful to receive. Our as- ZZ£
•-- AlWl values. They are made of the best Lib- eajcer buyers who attend our sales. eortments for the holidays exceed anything we have ever -*t
•"" «U$r prty Silk ct a vcry lustr o ua quality, very To - morrow you will have an opportunity to secure some « n <> wn in originality and beauty of styles, moat of them zS
**- JJiPK ful1 around the neck, with long 6tream- of the best values of the entire season. Every one of them being exclusive with us. They are made of the finest silks 12
&Jl&t trs - •*• blg variety, to choose from — In Is made of the finest rustling Taffeta — with deep graduated ar , e nnlshed in the very latest fashion and are elaborately — •
■*— "^Vhlte and Black and all Black effects, accordion plaited flounce, extra dust ruffle finished with trimmed. Come and see them! On special sale to-morrow ~2
SZ 1 XJH1£3 On sale, beginning to-morrow, at ruchlng: in all the latest fall colorings, also Black: well at — _»_ ._
g~ $1^5 each worth {10.50. To-morrow.... .$7.50 each $5.00, $7.50 tO $15.00 Each H3
I MONDAY SALE OF WHITE BLANKETS 00.95 800 YARDS ALL-WOOL FRENCH; FLANNELS, 60c KIND, MONDAY I
j Regular value $4.00 and $4.50. To-morrOW . ' %O £.Vkrtt • , AV *... have recelved another shipment of those fashionable Waist Flan- r%4-\ 12
m- . •«■ PAIE ne i s which we are eoing to sell to-morrow at 39c a yard This will nroh 0 11
— This !s a vcry exceptional offering— an opportunity to buy "White Blankets much be- ably, be the. last lot. bo better come and take . advantage 'of it tomorrow »»vfll' """■•
JET low regular prices. There are only 45 pairs of them that are BllKhtly mussed and a Every leading color is 'represented,, such a3 Cardinal Rose' Tfnvni Rinl" \JtJVJ Z^5
«>^. little spotted through window display. They are full 10-4" size, nicely silk bound in Green, Nile, Light' Blue,- Turquoise, Reseda and Tan-' the 60c nualiiv fni -^
S" Blue. Pink and Red borders; sold formerly at (4 and $4- 50V Monday, $2.95 a pair. 30c yard. .' . . ' lne , f l uallt y f °r YARD —
1 GREAT HOLIOAY SAVINGS IN WOMEN'S SUITS, DRESS SKIRTS, JACKETS 1
*= JI& NOVELTY SUITS f A Sale of High-Class S^ Extraordinary Sale of =§
I % UttilS SILK DRE^S» LADIES' f
I - m $I - 7 &:S -'.. SKIRTS COATS. ' 1
fc ' V»VV Good ratue at $25.00. $30.00 Wort/, $30.00 and $35.00 for V^^S^ ''■ (t G ~7 C ' 3
r= /' and $40.00 each. dj'l') RA r . /C- V\ • M^O. / \3 Each
•— I ' The handsomest sulti of the sea- <& *mJm»\}\J Each / \ —^V \ \ * Z&
fc: * / • on ' Perfect In workmanshlD and / / «■ «' \ Rnnnln* unlna tio en ~^ t
ZZ f flnlEh. Made of Imported Venetians, This U a g«nuin» bargain treat /A ; \ : value flJ.bU.
•^- // "-. Broadcloth and Panne Cheviots. for those who like to dress well. I /\ \ \ The aualitv »mii«<» «i n i.k a ' «. "^
2= M Hlk-lined Jackets, half Usht- Handsomer and more fascinating: ; ( / \ e 0 V \ low orice are throl ZJi i» nd » the very
ZZ. /I, 1 flttlns and double-breasted— others styles have not been shown thU IV V.) find suoreme exDr^.Kir™^ "AP* £eatures that
Z^ /ML t have Eton Blouse Jackets, with new season. The variety Is lmmen»j. A A / \ f~ I mint! They J» «,«i a ifi"** elegant gar- -J!
!T" // /* s l^ A v «t- effects. Bklrts are elaborately They are made of the best Peau de \ \//r=aQ O <= / / ■ lone In fashionlhi*. cut «. 27 ln ches
jfc: ///( K *^\ trimmed, have fine sweep and grad- Sole and Taffeta, in plain and \ J \ g S^i. Sxforf Gray «S m-S "S?^ " T * n -
ZZ //I I \ \ uated flounce. Comins as they do tucked tops, with srraduated and dr- W ! ■ V/ best Emrllsh i Melton and i?pf» o « M . ad f , of the "SS
Jfc= /V/ I I ■' V from the le*dla« suit manufacturer cular flounce, handsomely trimmed Xfo.. ! - Y the blst Mtld Tlinlntc S h^f , y K ial 'v Wit ''
ZZ \jy \ J — - y^ 'of Xew York, you may be assured with Liberty ruffles and lace; ex- ti-Vl:-. •-.•.-.::"• double-breasted wft'h «?} f tlsht-flttlng back, — •
iZZ \/**tr / of getting the swellest styles and tremely graceful hanging skirts. On . . . . l^ 1 ■" ■-• f^l beautifully ■ «itehS A V agk flare cuffs - =^
— <LjZZ- at a tremendous savins. special sale at Each *22JSO / -• §8*75. We" worth'si3M Iwh to " morrow atZ2
TELLS OF ARREST
OF FRANK HALL
ALTURAS, Dec, 14.— The examination
of Jerve Kresge was continued by the
prosecution in the trial of Brown, the
alleged Lookout lyncher. this morning.
l£ CAMERAS FOR \
I CHRISTMAS GIFTS I
» " TSThat could be better? "We i
,' have them from SOc to $S0.
. £, Brownie Camera No. 1 for J
U 1 80c net, makes pictures 2^x2^4 \
Y( inches. q
{/ Bro^Tiie Camera No. 2 for *
'■* 81.OO net, makes pictures
.« 2i4x3*4 Inches. Takes eood pie- >
ftures— load In daylight— can be «*
operated by any schoolboy or Y
Mall orders filled. A
U Send for camera catalogue. jk
ty ZO\ KEARNY 3T • A
A CORNER OFSUTTCR, \
y> KODAKAGENCV-PhOT05UPPLIE3. A
World Famous Mariani Tonic
Its great superiority .
readily verified by a per-
sonal test.
All Druggists. "Refuse Substitutes.
ArnvrrR.TT'f^'-'^ KNTPi •
Kresgre said ■ that he spent the night of
May 30 at Stone Corral with Roy Miller
and Philip Miller and -never left the place
that night. Very little has been devel
oped by Kresge's testimony. He was
earful in his answers, and simply said
"yes" and "no."
Kresge said that after Frank Hall was
arrested he was not taken to the barn
on the Gilbert place, as contended by the
prosecution. He was with the arresting
party ■when Frank was arrested and be
fore they got as far as the barn Hall
broke away and tried to escape.. Browrt
was not there when Hall was arrested.
Hall was not handcuffed nor tied after
his arrest or unkindly treated. After
Hall was recaptured the rope was put
around his neck to lead him, as It was
dark in the canyon and his escape would
otherwise have been easy. After he was
got out of the canyon into the open coun
try the rope was removed from his neck
and he was taken to Lookout without
trouble.
Kresge said that Brown was not pres
ent' at the time of the arrest and he
(Kresge) knew nothing of the affair until
he was asked by Constable Carpenter.. to
go with the arresting party. '
At the beginning: of. the afternoon ses
sion Post, for the prosecution, called for
witness Claude Brown, but he had been
excused by the defense, who also had
subpenaed. him, j subject to a telephonic
call. The prosecution then called Mahlon
Cannon to the* stand. Cannon said, that
he. knew W. D. Morris of Lookout and
that Morris had never made, to him any
statement such . as that testified to by
Justice- "Myers yesterday. Myers had
sworn that' Morris had said that he would
help bang- the Halls and Yantis. -
The prosecution then called Robert P.
Cortwright, supposed to be one of the
leading witnesses. 'Cortwright testified
that he saw the men hanging from, the
bridge at about 8 o'clock in the morning
after the hanging-. He knew Yantis and
the two Halls. On the afternoon before
the lynching he had seen some men in
the rope department of Trowbrldge's
store in Lookout. Justice Myers, Potter
and others were trying- loops in the rope.
He heard no talk around Lookout that
day about a lynching. ■ '
Raker for the defense here ,asked the
witness how much he expected to get for
his testimony, and the court sustained
an objection.
Cortwright said that the defendant.
Brown, was not near while the men were
examining ropes. He and Trowbridge,
the owner of the store, and Brown were
standing talking together. Brown was at
the door when the witness went into the
store. .. •' ; .
The defense claims that in , Lookout
Cortwright had said that he knew some
evidence relative to Eades and Levanson
and that he asked C. A. Raker, one of
the attorneys for the defense, "what
there was in it for him."- This was
b ™W out to-day, and Cortwright de
nied having made any such statement.
He also denied that he had ever told
Raker that he was "not in this country
tinr, i?= heal 5 n - ' Cortwright's examina
tion was not finished when court ad
journed.
Oil Dealer a Bankrupt.
TOLEDO. Ohio. T>ec. 14.-Henry Back
us, an oil man, to-day filed a petition In
?£ n i2; upt S y ' wlth "abilities amounting to
$96,000 and no assets. The liabilities are
partly unsecured debts contracted in Cali
fornia. :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901.,
CHOOSE GOMPERS.
FOR THEIR GUIDE
SCHANTON, Pa,, Dec. 14.— The Ameri
can Federation of Labor . began work
promptly this morning. Samuel • Gompers
was re-elected president and James Dun
can of. Boston was re-elected first vice
president. Other officers elected ■were:
Second vice president, John Mitchell of
Indianapolis: third vice president, James
O'Connell of Washington, D. C; fourth
■.vice-president. Max. Morris of Colorado,
all re-elected; Thomas I. Kidd of Chicago'
■was. re-elected fifth vice president, Dan
nis A. Hayes of Philadelphia -eiith vice
president, John B. Lennon of Blooming
ton. 111., treasurer, and Frank Morrison
of Washington, D. C, secretary.
Consideration of the differences between
the American branch of the Amalga
mated Society of Engineers of England
and. the International Association of Ma
chinists, which began last night, was re
sumed after the opening of the session
to-day. The machinists -want the English
society to allow its members in this.coun
try to join the machinists without forfeit
ing their membership in the English or
ganization; W. J. O'Brien, Sheriff -elect
Piano Purchasers,
ATTENTIONS
28 Grand and Upright
riHIlUQ
Usea by Artists' of the GRATJ OPEBA
COMPANY Will Be Offered for Sals at
Largely Reduced Prices.
COMMENCING MONDAY, DECEMBER 9.
Old Instruments Taken In ■ Exchange.
O — — — •
Among all the , Instruments of re- I
nowned makers here and abroad I to-
day prefer the Weber. •.
EMMA CALVE. | .
IpBiplll
- 41 GEARY STREET,
• Cor. Gran!; Ave. ,
. OPEN 'EVENINGS.*'-
?£. G , reater New York, who Is a delegate
tL • xT C ?. nventlon from th e Granite Cut
action of the council to be final.
, Report on Socialism.
ch^-t^ 0^ 1^} 1^ °, n resolutions, having
33HK. °.L&Vr^"ff &?» * o?
body of v2.i l i l if c j°" e relationship to the greater
\&?io%^73ftA- o? 12SRBB
greater fi^tv UCC^ ■ We ', llke them ' «^nd for
fhnf *L \ <J ty and '«re determined so to act
less thl?t ly f re t P resent - " i" true. nevcrth£
less, that in furtherance of our claim, narnelv
Hgnt S t 0U 8 co£ lnCl , Ple ,f com P ris « the* fullest and
ti£« ♦ * ? ** of human activity and from
time to tlmo will be enhanced and advanced
i,»^ C n° rdan / e Wlth the demands to S?
•Sft t n h edS a S? deslres - t fa e P^Ple we T rep
"*"'■ the working class, hold different views
In* •J 5 n e8t w 1 E eth0 » d of '""hering the desired
t™Z Pi? although there is -little difference
«?n° n « e o ™ a t 8 o t a°t$n. de8lrablUty g&H
We unhesitatingly announce that the trade
union movement theory represented' is the
most practicable, safe and legitimate channel
of*i!?n g r>. W A hlch .. the workln S men and wom"n
seek rc5r«f% riCa^ h , 0Uld not onIy continue- to
secK redress for their wrongs, but by which
"^y their economic position un
«i4' COI ; tro1 the Poetical field and thereby
rtlhts n fU " P° 88esslon ot "s -.inherent
Tn^f» de clare that since the Inception of "our
movement Inquiry into the best form of'gov
rf^Mn»» ba hM be * n u lta e uld!n * •"•"■ and will so
f. n " f ; h ' e there is a high moral desire
wLfi^T y i or , Ul injustice to correct . Our
meetings, local and national, are now and al
ways have been free to the discussion • of any
in* thT* 1 ?*,* 00 ? 8 " 1 . 10 or, political question, 'and
2™^ ° th tT. hand aro as equally pronounced
\ partIea and Politics,, religious differ
ences or race prejudices; and as success has
followed thosa meritorious conclusion* we
H e , Un / alth £ ul t0 - the «uty.-we owe To
ma *ri? d to do other than strongly recommend
a fwhVrh Ua £ Ce ° f^ he meth °°s. the incXTuon
of. which means the greatest amount of safety
dan O g U e r r. m0V - ement With the leaat ; d V" ' ot
t In conclusion, we assert it is the duty of all
trade unions to publish in their official jour
nals.^ to discuss in their meetings and the
ST b Zluo nn? dy lD »: th f lr homes a » questions
?t<5 K mf'^i. having reference to indus
trial or political liberty, and to give such con
sideration to subjects directly affecting them as
a ♦ iiv.t t * We ' as grievously submit that It Is
not within : the power of this organization to
dictate to members of our unions to which
political party they shall belong, or which
party's ticket they shall vote.
Croake of the Flint Glasa
Workers, Marion, Ind., spoke against the
resolution, and State Senator Tanquary
of .Colorado, representing the railway
telegraphers, made an address in favdr of
the substitute. . ,. •
New Cleans' was' selected' aa the next
meeting place, and the convention ad
journed sine die.
POWER ON SEA
WILL DETERMINE
Chile and Argentina Rely
Most Upon Their
Navies!
Ambition to Dominate Is the
Real Cause of the
Trouble.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
T CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.-Strength on
sea will determine whether Argentina or
Chile shall be the victor In tho war which
now Seems imminent between these two
republics. As during the war with Spain,
when the United States triumphed because
it destroyed the Spanish squadrons, so In
the war of these two South American na
tions, the navy which is conqueror will
insure to its Government absolute su
premacy.
The dispute between Chile and Argen
tina is based ostensibly upon the action
of the former Government in constructing
pathways, Argentina calls them military
roads, in territory lying between them,
ownership to which is In dispute and it
will be determined by the arbitration of
the King of England.
The real cause of emnlty between these
two countries is the ambition of each to
acquire a dominating position in South
Anierican affairs. If Cnile is the victor,
she will hold Tacna and Arlca and will
compel Argentina to pay such a heavy
war indemnity in botn land and money
that that country will never be able to
resume the important position in South
America which she now holds.
Prestige in the Balance.
If Argentina, on the other hand, com
pels Chile to sue for peace. Chile must
surrender Tacna and Arica to Peru and
her resources will be taxed to the utter
most to meet the demands which will be
made upon them. There will be in South
America a repetition of the policy of Bis
marck toward France upon the termina
tion of the Franco-Prussian war.
Upon a declaration of war Chile and
Argentina will set their troops in motion
to occupy a portion of the territory in
dispute. A decisive battle between land
forces is impossible, for the reason that
the physical conditions prohibit a military
movement until complete arrangements
have been made for effectively supplying
the invading forces. The territory in dis
pute is penetrated by a range of the Andes
Mountains, the passes of which are closed
by snow during the winter season. The
spring season is now well advanced and
military operations can be prosecuted
without regard to weather conditions. By
May, however, unless an invader has
effectually destroyed all organized resist
ance and is able to live off the country
which he has entered he must return to
his base of supplies, otherwise the passes
of the mountains will be closed and he
will be at the mercy of the defenders.
■ Armies of the Republics.
Argentina has a well-drilled standing
army of 9237 officers and men. In time
of war she has at her service a National
Guard of 471,912 men. Chile has a regular
army, one of the most effective for its
size in the world, of 9000 men. She also
has a National Guard, the total number
of men enrolled in which is 521,947. While
Chile's enrolled strength is greater than
that of Argentina, the latter country, has
a larger population upon which t;o draw.
It is the purpose of Argentina, immedi
ately upon the outbreak of a war, to order
her fleet to proceed through the straits
of Magellan to the Pacific Ocean and
there give battle to the Chilean fleet
which will be in waiting.
One unfamiliar with the situation might
regard it as possible for the Chileans to
sink the .Argentina . fleet as it passed
through the straits, but those straits are
neutral by,:agreement between Chile arid.
Argentina- and by declaration of the
United States. This Government will. not
tolerate any act which would affect Amer
ican commerce using that waterway.
Skins and Wood to Burn.
We have fitted up an exhibit of burnt
wood and leather which all are invited to
see. Wood and skins for burning and
pyrography machines at very moderate
prices. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market. •
CLAIMANTS APPEAR
• IN THE NOBDICA SUIT
Ottawa Real Estate Man Declares He
Is Entitled to Some
Honey.
OTTAWA, Kan., Dec 14.— B. W. Dowd,
a real estate dealer of Ottawa, asserts
that if ' Madame Nordica, the ; singer,
wins her suit against the Government for
a sum said to be between three millions
and four millions, 'he »will come in for a
stare of the money.
« Madame Nordica' s claim is for money
paid the United States by the French
Government for the destruction of ships
that belonged to Ichabod Norton,' an an
cestor. The money, it is said, was never
paid over to the Norton heirs. Ichabod
Norton was the grandfather of Dowd's
grandmother, according to a record in
Dowd's possession. Dowd says he has
always known of a claim that his- family
held against the Government, but, had
never made any effort to collect it.
Another Kansas heir and relative of
Madame Nordica is Mrs. J. B. Bowersock
of Lawrence. Mrs. Bowersock and
Dowd's mother were cotfslns. Dowd says
there are several other heirs in the
South.
FREE ANOTHER WEEK!
I N De$ne^™tar^ DIAGNOSIS E* THE CUKE OP
cha^fal? wh C o a Lp r p r & "foS'l&'be? Ttln^^FR^^V £*'«, Sh ° re 1 arra^2 d t0 1 " 8 f^W?^ °5
. your ailment and "WHETHER" or not you can be CURED ' ' What the d!seas « 1» -torn which you suffer, the "CALSE" of
- c EMB T E h £«a«^ &*£*<&** g^ *™^
■^**±^ TEST DK - SflOKES' SKILL AT DRS. SHORES'] EXPENSE.
ire 7n hI DorRT C St r t exa P 1Inat '°, n » 8 B«ven by Drs. Shores for the special benefit of those who
JJTTWlr isrlB "iS^. * r « 0 wha ' t^ elr 1 *"n»ent really Is. It will also allow the pabllo to test. free.
# co^t th ? r»i\ if i ex .P ert , Physicians and specialists at Drs. Shores' expense. Drs Shorr»
W- tefmitSSiS J5 e^?T a -S?;, Thls txv*** examination Is absolutely free to all who apply
m r,RS r <wm?S? rtSis. T£¥'J f11^' NOT BE RKQUIKED TO TAKE TREATMENT Oil FAY
m j&&& VFRvniTH h nB S nn2^.T t T^. r f^?. thousands ot * tck V* 0 * 1 * wlth Catarrh or some OBSCUBE
$£ /^» l^^< £ fh?, ]„?,„ OR COMPLICATED CHRONIC DISEASE who blindly doctor yeiir after year wlih
rQ -^P* WvSH h=r* doctor or that and spend hundreds of dollars on "FAKE PATENT MEDICINES," who
fV? J^T f-^1 . £a vo no correct or definite Jdea of WHAT THEIR AILMENT REATi.T I;3 or^ the CAUSH
' Wi • / ' »v«#S8 wiirprye 1C of D ? N W«MABLE.BE"E^T" Uffere " " amJnatloa
V i /^rt3^Wir/ r a tfl I r f rh-° l }f a v e ,, a "% ouh f tin B Thomas 1 ' as to Drs. Shores' ■kill: if you ars deaf; If you hava
M /(PPWlr anmint r»r, Sh« U ft ny . Chronlc disease and are In DOUBT as to the CAUSE of your
V «sS*«My'ij DFMnvwRATr i especially invite you to come. This free expert examination is mad* t->
■ ><d W^^mr^ " ured iy N^ 9 D w E e L A Y Dr co s M h E re A^ n D^ !%£%gg >™ aii - ent i3 it you ™ b «
I TfiBBZJSBffi . ■ READ THE TESTIMONIAL OF" MR. S P ti--^_« ■*- ' *
j MITCHELL, THE WELL-KNOWN COMMI3- ' jZ" t^C*2Iv
. . . SION MAN. AN OLD RESIDENT. £pf V^T^^L
W. P. RUTHERFORD. __ M «". Mitchell says: "I have lived In San «&» 1 *«_ia'>2fc
326 Larkln St.. San Francisco. Cal. " S? n^£» ' XL c^mmi^o^bS^nes.' E3Ti.5S -fT
ASTHMA 27 YEARS. H^E^UFFf^^SEATL P yVR n o M aIth- < IL vjtf»
' i • Ma t0T the Pa 3^ three years and from CA- SJfcS «%^5^>i > $?iKit
MR. RUTHERFORD says: TARRH FOR FORTY YEARS. MY BREATH- ►^fe^* A T^ ,
"I have lived In San Francisco for twenty J^O WAS VERY BAD: I WOULD CHOKE 5® '"^^'WZ Bfft'
years: I am engaged In delivering and selling g&^S)TOK K EAffl^^T* TO "' ' ?MW
brlcK at Sixth and King streets . I have been SfJ^tt^i? res^re^ce^^m^rengTh 9 , IS jL^N PJ '
a terrible sufferer from asthma for twenty- became VERY WEAK ANp RUN DOWN MY ■ 5*^^^iffilwii)i V
seven years; no one knows how I have suf- STOMACH ALSO WAS BAD. * " V J^^wWiV
fer«M.' I would choke up at' night. and be dls- _. " Thl * waa .^JS^M 0 , 11 whei » applied to tt W X KY^T^ . '■
tressed^greatly with 'my breathing. I have D h ™ rea ?^StJent^d W ') n\ 'kW^L.
doctored and spent lots of money on . patent from the FIRST DAY. I can now breathe -"? tlf^V &*5fc^
medicines, but all to no purpose. at nlpht. and my stomach Is better I FEET jfti^iwA. *?*' "" "fflSSMK. C
"This was my condition when I began Drs. STRONG NOW AND CAN WALK WITHOUT >©§&»^$F' jMTff/Wfc '
Shores' treatment six weeks, ago. Drs. Shores" BEING SHORT OF BREATH L1 WW
treatment helped me from the first week, and MA gj S d f n ho^ »£™£ ?^ C f^^
I have improved right along. I sleep flne now; recommending them to all suffered from ASTH /A-'^ :
my appetite Is good, and I have sained greatly MA and catarrh, for their treatment has don* ' « «. ,,, mn , . . ' ' ,"
in strength; I feel better and -stronger In every won ;| eri * *£ m '- V ■"' *"HXTCHEL1* 47S Frederick st. S. F.,Cal.
way. and the terrible headache Is all gone. . ( •$?« pf^.H.ir'.t f' p - MITCHBLU ASTHMA *
"I. take pleasure In • recommending • Drs. " 'ij±2 » « t an / rancIsc 1 2' Cal " ■ . . .
Shores' treatment to all sufferers, for their «««• Hours— 8 a. in. to 4 p. m. Evening*. 6 t» 8. Sundays. 10 to 12. \
"doubtinT this tesUxnonla? to at°perfect IfK^. riHORF^i fL Expert I" .
liberty to call on me, : > ' •. ; ** m%U* \J* ■V ■% LO \X Ol I Vf l\L.(j« Qnorlallcio
. (Signed) "\V. P. RUTHERFORD. Permanently HICTADV nilli nui/% —^U" opeClallSlSe
■328 Larkln st.. San Francisco. Cai." E^SSd ta y nlSTORY BUILDING, 723 MARKET ST »* Floe*. Sun
• '* Francisco. Cal,
■ ■> ■■■■■-'-■■ ' ■•■■■•■■•■•■■. ■..■ ; -.,-:•.:■••-■.;-■•.,...••.-..„ : . .: • . . - *
KAISER CURBS
BEER DRINKERS
William Believes the
Liquor Interferes
With Work.
Germany Will Not Try to
Seize a Harbor In Vene
.^ zuela. •
BERLIN, Dec. 14.— The Emperor, among
a variety of new subjects engaging his
attention. Is looking into the relations* of
the German workmen's productiveness
and the use of beer during working hours.
His Majesty's inquiries among employers
and students of social questions Indicate
that he regards the beer now drunk regu
larly on factory premises as appreciably
detrimental to both accuracy, of work
manship and amount of product.
A movement Is on foot to exclude beer
from the ' factories because of the Kai
ser's criticisms. Several works have al
ready educated their operatives to dis
pense with the morning and afternoon
beer recesses. It is quite common for a
workman to drink ten pints of beer a day
in the shops, while the average Is not
much below a gallon per day, especially
among molders.
An American firm making electrical ap
paratus here has kept records of the work
done before and since the prohibition of
beer. The result Is 10 per cent in product
per man. Part of the increase Is due to
the time saved. The theory of the firm is
that beer drinking during working hours
makes a man physiically and mentally
inactive, and that consequently he is less
capable od doing his best work, especially
toward the end of the day.
The Foreign Office officials- announce
that Germany has not the remotest Idea
of seizing a Venezuelan harbor in order
to obtain satisfaction of her claims. Ger
many has not any Government claims,
and those connected with the mistreat
ment of sailors and Germans resident In
Venezuela are substantially settled. Ger
many might push some private business
claims, but she regards the whole matter
now as insignificant and would gladly be
out of it altogether, particularly because
of the constant misunderstanding of Ger
many's intentions by American and Brit
ish newspapers.
Baron von Kardorff has been elected
chairman of the tariff committee. The
Government desired that Dr. Spahn, the
Centrist leader, should be chairman, but
the Centrists declined to take so much re
sponsibility. Hence the Conservatives put
forward. Baron von Kardorff, who is an
extreme agrarian. Twenty of the twenty
eight members of the committee are seem
ingly in favor of the principle, of the bill.
Russian agents and German manufac
turers are getting much material for use
in agitating against the tariff measure.
The influential Muenchener JUlgemein
Zeitung (National Liberal), noting that
the imports of American writing and cal
culating machines are largely Increasing,
the imports of the latter alone amounting
to 2,750,000 marks from January to Octo
ber, urges quadrupling the duties on these
machines. The new tariff increases the
duties from 24 to 60 marks per metric hun
dredweight.
Inquiries made among the textile manu
facturers of the Frieburg district with
reference to the shortage of the Ameri
can cotton crop indicate that they much
doubt that the United States crop la real
ly short, but they add that if the report
Is true It will mean disaster to the cotton
industry of Germany, which is already
working on reduced time. Some manufac
turers say that even the short crop of
cotton may be found -sufficient for the de
mands of an already dull market. The
supply of cotton In Germany will suffice
for two months. . „ - . . . - -. ■
SMUDGING SAVES
THE ORANGE CROP
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 14.— The weather
in this city for the past two. days has
been exceedingly cold. The ground this
morning was white with frost and stand
pipes throughout the city have been frozen
and burst. All day men were at work
putting in new pipes that the flow of wa
ter which was flooding the streets in some
places might be stopped. From various
residences it was reported that the water
pipea were frozen, not thawing out until
this afternoon. Orange growers In the
vicinity of this city have resorted to
smudging and It is believed not much
damage has been done. More frost is
looked for.
GRASS VAULET, Dec. 14.— A cold wave
has struck this section. The past few
nights have been freezing cold and ice and
frost are plentiful. During two nights
the mercury was down to twelve above
zero. Water pipes are freezing and vines
wilting, but there Is no serious damage
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 14 -The
weather has been bitterly cold for the past
three nights and the prediction for to
morrow morning 1 Is for a heavy frost. The
temperature this morning: was eight de
grees below freezing. - Orange growers
smudged vigorously and no material
damage was done the crop.
a new AjnstbmTGEjaExri.^
I WILL CURE YOU
1 If You Ask It.
Send no money, but say which book
you need. It will tell you what I apent
& lifetime In learning. Pray don't let
doubt or prejudice keep you from, ask-
ing' for it.
With the book I will s<5nd an order on
your druggist for six bottles of Dr.
Snoop's Restorative ; and he will let you
test it a month. If satisfied, the cost Is
*5E0. If It falls, I will pay your drus-
Sfist myself. ..-*..
No other physician ever made such; an
offer, and none ever will.. But I have
furnished this remedy to '555.000 sick ones
on Just those terms, and 39 out of each
40 have paid for It. becnuse, they were
cured. I know now wtat this remedy
will do. " -\. ,
My success comes from strenstnenlns
the inside • nerves; those nerves from
which each vital organ gets the power to
act. No other treatment, does that; ana
most of thes3 diseases positively cannot
be cured In any other way. "Wont you
write a postal to learn why?
"- Simply stat« I Rook No. t on Dyspepsia.
xrhtrh hnok vprl "Roo"* ""*<* * on the Heart,
want, and ad<Jr»B* T?ook No 4 tor- Wotnnt.
Dr. Shoop. Bcx6S0.| Rook No. 5 for Men (sealed).
Racine. Wla. I Book No. » on Rheuma^sm.
Mild cases, not chronic, are often£jMtred
by one or two bottles. A-: all druggisB 1 ).
WAR EXCITES
THEIR REGRET
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 14^-Th* Ameri
can Friends Peace Conference, which has
been In session here for the paat three
days, came to an end to-night.
A declaration" of the position of th«
Friends of America on the subject of war
was issued during the closing session. It
states that the conference is satisfied that
lapse of time has not made necessary a
change in the position which the Friends
have always taken, on the subject of war.
The establishment of tte permanent In
ternational court oX arbitration la recog
nized to be one of the greatest events In
the history of human society.
The declaration deplores the fact that
"nationB making the highest profession
of Christian civilization axe at present en
gaged in war with less civilized and en
lightened peoples," and states that it la
the belief of the conference that the time
has already come when the view ol en
lightened humanity should make ijjaelf
heard, calling for an adjustment oJVne
matters at issue.
Papers were read by Charles B. Ebbetta,
president of Whittier College, California,
and Edwin McGraw. president of New
bur* College. Oregon.
NEVADA NATIOITAJL BAITS.
A Strong Institution Managed by
Conservative Financiers.
One of the . strongest and best known
banks In the United States is the Nevada
National Bank of this city. With a paid
up capital- of $3,000,000, and a surplus of
$1,224,043 70. It presents a record for wise
and' ' conservative management unsur
passed by that of any other, similar in
stitution on the Pacific Coast.
The Nevada National Bank was na
tionalized a few years a.jo and Its success
has been remarkable. I3alas W. Hell
man, the president, who actively man
ages the affairs of the 'bank. la a gentle
man whose conservatism and skill as a
financier have won for him the confidence
not only of the stockholders but of the
public in general. The directors are all
well known gentlemen of integrity and of
the highest standing In the commercial
and financial world.
The bank does a general business, and
issues' letters of credit available In all
parts of the world. It has corr*»
spondents in all the large cities. jft
assets reach 514.657.9U7 32. This Is atiwN
divided aa follows; Loa.naL.and discounts,
$5,39S;787 43; ' bonds, $2,213.018 18; monex on
hand, $1,903,452 27; due from.' banks -and
bankers, $2,260.578 02* Tho deposits amount
to J7.468.942 83.
The officers and .directors are: laalas
W. Hellman, president; John F. Bige,low,
vice president; I. W. Hellman Jr., second
_vlce president: George Grants cashier: W.
McGavin, assistant cashier. The direc
tors are: John W. Slackay, James L>.
Flood, Lewis Gerstle, Isalaa W. Hell
man, Henry F. Allen, C. de Guigne, Rob
ert Watt, Levl Straussv, I. W. Hellman
Jr., H. L. Dodge, John '.?. Blgelow.
Park Band Plays To-Day.
Tho following progrramma will b« rendered
by the band in Golden Gats Par i this after
noon:
Overture. "Mlrella" ................... .Gounod
"Cuban Serenade".... Chambers
Ballet from ""William. Tall".. ...... ....Rossini
Morceau "Loving Hearts" Tobanl
"Humorlstlc Potpourri" Latann
Fantasia from "Faust" Ravel
Intermezzo from "I Pagllcccr'.... Leoncavallo
"Waltz eons. "Sin* Little Bird". Parker
"Rhapsodle No. 2". .;...'....,..* Liszt
llarch, "Dolly Gray" . .;...-.,.. t .... Coin
Ladies' $6.00 Shoes, $3.50. '
FeKs* entire stock is now being closed
out for $3.50. This Includes the $6 shoes
and the $8 fancy slippers, as well as many
other values. Sale is being held by the
Walk-over Shoe Store, J24-926 Market st.»
More Complaint 3 Against Knox.'
WASHINGTON, Dec. H.— AddltIor.s*T
papers were filed with the Senate Judi
ciary Committee to-day by persons who
are protesting against the confirmation
of Attorney General Knox. ■ The papers
for the most part are complaints against
Knox that there has not been a prosecu
tion of the "trusts" by the Department
of Justice.THE EMPORIUM.
k . We p'ace on sale to-morrow, as a special holiday offering, 45 imported Ncveity Suit Patterns, in W MmM* 'B* . II itJ Wii Only eight more -business days before Christmas. The tremendous %
* hEndsorre striped and p. aid effects; a' so a few very pretty figured designs.. A lot of hiph class, very |p[ §|| H*^ * e *^ Cak.llfori\J2sJ^ LScP^CSt —^^ MgpJ M W^ volume o business that must be crowded into that brief penod shculd induce ear y shopping. We }t
jf stylish fabrics, worth, per suit pattern, from J7.50 to $17.50. Your (gfj*£3? (&&&% "^ AfTVCriCScS OPScIVdCSt StOPC. shall be open every evening and if it rains it need nuke no difference — for everything you coa.d J
jk° choice for ' e^^^a ....... . poss.b.y want fcr a Christmas gift is here, under one roof. «2
j I •••• ' ..*r *" 825 to 855 Market Street, San Francisco.- __j J
I «f l Z°^ t yG,L I . ..ophmmimas Gifts For AH Mankind... A "j^f^PP^T
j ihHp—tata*,^*^. Anything that you can possfbiy think of for a Christmas gift is for sale here at department store '%
% r^LTLTt^r -p^ money-saving prices. Comfort, convenience, complete and bountiful assortments, excellence Siri£i^;i'-££
I • ss-°o : $troo»*sto.oo and economy are all assured at California's Grandest Holiday Store. u^^^6™^::::f% %
\ 6 ~ f^~^^r^F°±^,,n^- . -•■ Toys From 5c to &SO.OO Eaoh. ' / Kid Gloves Make vr 1
I /\ "?hTv'^ h"rmLCL f Ste » cL'S! # WcndcrDnv: Tlitre'is no, other Toy Store in California tint can ,o Bafatellc ' Board-Stomly made of IdOaS Hol'i!§B\J GffiS f \ |
% § \ fro™. Any o'ne of these appropriate and appre- W^S^/S 0I>5C —^ ne we ! l satisfy the W^ntS O? all classes of peop!e. Acres of floor oak, 13x32 mches, red lined, has They are always appropriate and useful and sure to please Y\ -*•
5^ />&^k\ Sf ciatve. :'.<:- /^f^5^ 1 a t e s t r oveliy, _ rJpvnrrd'to their disn'av and «a> " More tVian enn three chime bells... ...... .$L00 the recipient, and then you don't have to bother about «
- MIIm A Th^ New Ring Purs'-Genune Seal and Abater M*Mg^ being prvpeiled SF "^ d ". P ! *' M ° C '^ 5 °° Other siz« 25c to $5.00 choosing if you don't wish to. It is much easier and per- [Y /A/ J
V /^?-^^9V / \ « ock, German silver fram-, only . . . 7SC j^^tlV^^^ bv the -mis and P ec P Jc eng?ged in se.ling, putting up, wrappirg, shipp ng w . _ a i. e a « D ccialt/ of fuw- haps better to buy a glove order for the number of pairs you / tjj^l X
J. i&^W^sL&yftSucfl " '■' ■' * * &4-.5Q I cet » l^ e reverse Best ccme moinings now, when jthe crowds are en y moder- hCUS£Sj we n ' ve a ' most every makes that we carry b Ladies*, Misses', Men's and Boys* / w'/VV^ J*
** Tfiii^^S^^ Kb ° f the ° rdimry atey large. Our low prices will be as big a revelation to you conceivable articl; of fr nnure b Glove, are: _ J /J\W g
* -Jlfri>Vl> V"£2-tUS>1 tn.tcla:re B.-rs—Genuire Ali'gator, chamois hr.ed, 1U /$ l- • 7 fc r b ' _••„,.. .„--, j jjgL ,\ Mo arch— Pique sewn, two clasps, newest shades. $2.OO /gLsy^ I \\\ Z
£ patent ,,fety hook, handkerchi-J-po.ket.S/.Oli fl tg Pf as Our imm^se d Sp'ay mima.U.e, even y §f^\f) Trcfousse-P^ue and overseam sewn, two or thrfc clasps" W^tfc> '5
*. Otheratrativ s -le% m-ked 2 5 c 10 $S no. HI? JiL ..$8™d$9 r to. e ectnc .hgnt ¥/ n $2.jO S[D=S<8& -«
J wr'st Bags— Gun meul frame, seal stock, handsomely finished . ... $2 53 Wfe~~A > Ma arc Ian- ■ — chfndeiers. // . v *// Marvd— Pique and ovcrseam sewn, two clasps r%fJW £
Jf Other sy Us, .nirranv nfthem }*■ t* $6.50. '■ JU?N M a 9 1 C Wn .*•»>. JfitiM/// . . . V$U75.$2.OO I $
*C rirg_r I urse --Genuine Seal or Alligator; calf lined, leather gusset, traut'fully flT^ll^S'O «s* S — M ° vl . n g ' ( ur DrIJf Stcck is a complete stock in itself, and our prices Scwmj Ma- /tti^y/// Reynier Suede Gloves— Black, grayand modes . . . . - ' ', f^ J«
** finished widi initial $1.5"J \nS&$ picture cr cimeo- are, fo.r the qualities given, absolutely the lowest. We particularly invita ChillCS — We g/h ?^^fl/fS < • • • • ■• ' -j • ' "' .' $1.75 antJ *>2 GO *
$ uhich k!v • n i B?S;^ R T dS ' 1 L re " Cdf 'T . chamo ; srincd .. a /P^ al ; ctcf ! 03 <S^U=S^> graph lantern, comparison with others at the same price, of our $1.00 kid-bodied Dolls, have only about /y //// \ Ec T.OT.y- A perspiration-proof kid glove $U5D J
% vhich nave just arrived, have been marked at the astom hmgly low price, \^r ? . ■ ' • • , ,: 1 r ■ /// //// Prem ere An Ialian real kidskin extra value « « «» *
IT each. ... «# #<S ' nas a c °n« nu C us They a-e cork stuPed, have sleep ng eyes, best quality full mohair wigs, are 300 lett of P.Vl,. K« -. ;a , K1 ° SJC " 1 » extra wme *J.o3 -J
o -, , g ••••••-•••■■•••••--••• «" s # «_y v^i ft c. } ' '■■ • - ■ /~« ■ "i i j "r\ w^^^^Mi^^eiif ju^mmmhL tries — — * 1^ _Cj witxi two parent ci^sps. ••■••••»*»•• 5» 3 "*
» Mens Letter Case- — Aligator stock, calf lined, alligaur flap, beautiful calf" -fcfi&^sl^ Jjf ' maklr S a fitted with shces and socks, and are known in the trade as size six. 'Crilds Di- -~j&eZjf Perrin's^Pique, with clasps to match glove # , - Si SO 5
* fi ° ; ' h • $2.5 ? j JPLjj^ggfjT moving picture . . ' light" Ma- Children's Fine R al Kid Olcvzs— The best, perfee't fit*. '. # . '. ".,* *.S/OO S
\ ' : A^i^^^i fhcvv $S.OO, Vo-d Kitchens — jj^a . Parlor Treks — In chines* they are i^^aT-jf^jifa^ Eupresj Kid Gloves — For ladies, good value . ... . $1*QO £
g Toiiet Articles, Brashes. $7.sc, 510. 320, ■ *™?f n Z^ n h s T$zgL.- boxes ' contain:ne "°"g'^ d do @KM "" . — : — — '■ — S
*>' Mili'.-ry Hair Brushes— Ebcnized wood back, full -^ and $27.50. utensils and wooden yfflK^^® il&. from 1 2 to 40 tricks g00( i wor k .... TM/VHiPl *•— —^-^ >— . J#-^ «W" m '«
V 4%WF&^\SI b^^ k »P^ *f-5.» W TO^ B-lkim Don- furniture, cny WJffiM that are easy to' jjjq | | lTff'BS®ntS FOi* Ti*&Vei&ff*Sm S
5" V^V" / /■■ 7r**. .' : .' // . " -' / / -'■;/ Tfeyy' f M I:tny Hair Brishes — Genuine ebonv; fi^e stiff - Jf , 1. , T a -^ « **/?» - ♦^TOwW l i5lrj A^(firS l«rn, Tj Ot | BlsSJ - ., , , ; _ ,,. J . : -«." T »^
V bristle stock, only $2.25 fl H^ri El Key- Latest nov- $t a &Q. ifflMfffliJI • _' Carpet Sweep- 8 |M F==IH . Men's Dresv Sut Case, With Fittin S s-Made „ . S
** O he' strtssfom $2.50 f> £6.00 p ir. ' ( H<- > _-J^ f W^ elty in mechanical Others at 5"c, WH'lilvS( |f^v l W "M ZQC, 5 U C , er _ B ssell's ftft «i, ot solid leather, hand-sewed, very best mount- fftFS^^Bf |) %
X TZms'l Z%G> I Tr.-vclins; R-Il — Gra ; n leather, tecscopic case, !OV, jlelike mo- $125 $1.75, iWW^m^A 75g $1.00. T : ft > n a ; , v V 19 ings, I«th e : lined, and genuine ebony fittings; IJ/iraTU//
V /^^ '/ containing brush, comb, tooth bru«h, so.-p box, >^f •'' nwn «~ [' ' \W #1 tz<* *9 nn V ' \ ( 1^_ ' pair of military brushes, tooth brush, nail file, niU^^^S// •'
J. /=«?=>/ mirror front . . . .$1.25 O U °. nS * C J ° *P<°$5(JO. 9i.B^S2.OO, the smali s ; ze X^fl^E^T • brush and powder bottles, clothes brush, mirror! UlTlMMl *
Jk* / ■ Trrve ing Rc! f — Grain hather, soft folding crsc, II I j/^^-A dnver 5Cc Shooting Galleries — 'Pi JLMjr WLr u P to $f2.5OM sweeper, JUS t wC <1 manicure set, soap 1 box and comb; all for S25 J€
V /;^= GtSTTrf ==^l contair-ing eight handsome toilet fittings, a v:ry 11 W P^}U\ Other Me- Provided with a gun QP***-'^ 4>V mnthrr 11 \ ' ;^ ;;:;: irf? Ladies Dr»S Suit Case— Finest leather, all hand- rfT. STZSPfrTT * '
J *-^ HFTbr^fc/ good qui] j t/ 53 5O i/^Sffl hanical Tovs.. which shoots a rub- Striking Bags- 11KC m01 "" \|,\ Q-^iT . sewed, quilted satin lined, solid ebony firings, Ti eggg? lLhU 5^ *
J^" Othe- s vies Traveling R4 s, $5 00 and $15. r\/~~A/\YM ?0c t J? 00 ter ta " an(1 a n ™ber of comical '" Red tan leather, a well-made rub" uscs 13C V hair and clothes brush, tooth and nail brush, soap 1 ''^
*? Fksks — Covered with genuine sealleather, white metal cup, screw top, half pint Hi £/{] \Jj ' '»V t. • Tw' targets, a most amusing novelty fc er bladder, with cord and screw Other sizes bcx, powder and brush bottles, full manicure set, curung iron, etc.; complete JT
J. «P«*r . $1 5J /MZ7% Mecha«icalLo- that will P le«e the . tf to fasten to ccilbr Tfk ' for $25.00 §
J Manvcth(rsyUs t raK<ri*irinpicefiom8ycto$3. t^lC^m COmotiVCS, heavy boys %PMo£i& •* * ' ' ' ' JJC l0 -&" J Dress Suit Cases— Genuine leathcr, light weight, tuitable for ladiesj brass mount- £
J Brush and C mb Sets — Beauifully decorated trarsparent celluVid case with \Q^ \Q^-» tin, strong sprinp, Lar g er zes .......... .$1 25 Wooden \ J^ 7^ 7^^ ings, linen linings. Jj
tt automatic drop front, containing comb, brush, mirror, and complete manicure gQ eitner backward or fox ward] .•• $2.59 *nd £6.OO Others up to . . . . . $5*53 \f Q g Qn .., 2X25 \ ==^3^T ao-in . .$5.00 as-in. .$5.50 *4-in . .$6.00 a6-in . .$6.50 . . ,3»
$ awTj£r V/«, ;«/, > 2 .oo / 0 >2 5 .OO. $2-5t> kite shape or in a circle 25c; r#re G .-met -In addition to the best games from the leading Amer;. inches, var- 1 ye>*±*% C!Ub BaSS - Genubc aU!gator ' leathcr witb "lid brass locks and . |
J Toi ct Set£-Fu'l celluloid decorated case, new design, extra large, brush, combed Others up to .] $5.00 can m anufacturers, we have a large variety of novelty Parlor Games J nished h^Y' [ l l^V^ffl " "-In . I $3.50 1 i-in . . $3. 85 la-in $4 20 -5
S Perfumes &ndl Aiom^ers ?^d ±, body M x 32 At s c E SC h-^ l,^, p ar chesi, n^ »» steeplechase, Oth:r yy lock and catchcs> ** : i
$ On the main floor in the rotunda we have n _ J^": «^ "******* Pond, Ten Pins, Ring Toss, Table Cro.uet, Lotto, Battle- and Styles up to lo . |n . .' « r^-j j 75c j^ ,
J prepared the largest and best showing of gilt 'fMt§ffl//. "^ *"' St ° "^ ""^ "^ ....... $10.00 14-m . . . ji.eo 15-°. • • $U0 16-in . . . $1.15 17-in .. $1.25 Jt
* thingi in the line o? perfumery and toilet ar- itfssSisiii ' ' ~~~ ' ; ' "" 3*
I w^r^^oT.tSt^ «■ Holiday- Salo Of WE^mBk Albums, Fancy Boxes. %
Jf give an idea of the exceeding iowcess of tht W&S&A ' \Si I^^^^^^*A Dozens of dainty articles in this department that ' £
I prices n this department. < 5i^ M&ffi'@ B@W&' QiotMiSSS. i^f^OTT w-ds* /^S^h ' ?
jj," Imputed Extrac's — Girard Fils; all odors; put up in y^S§iiJ^— _- *^ v "■*' /yj'lffl" PA / decorated, sJk plush back, very attractive . 75c A%y 7? Jgi&ii.l *t
I JSrSS5ErSS5! S£^ The Holiday spirit pervades the wholestore-lt has even crept into such M"#^Y ImlSm 5
V g l-ounce bottles handsomely boxed . /5 C a prOSElC p.ZCe aS the Clothing Department, and We have deVlSed a iV^W^Ji / decorated _in new design; when open phy. two 3«
/* » : Beie«ir* Ext™ct-Large e-ounce bottle, ia , beautiful chrstmas carton.. 5 9c great Holiday ordering of Men's and Boys' Clothing. We hz^ e \\^^M m^h^_^ -'■ ■ Wc P rr i B?xM r '-"cdiuiofd "and piushVp com?et?«? 5
k . Bohemian Glass Atom!zer-Hand-paiated, new style shaker top; never gets out of gyg iPOlM €E1Q-&]Z2Z HSS* (O GilC-l hWtl Cff the .pnCCOf many . V^^^^^^^^feat of !cwin^ im P !cmcn »» large mirror in cover.75 C Z^^^^^ffl 5
K a hunLed 0^ sn:« of Atomize™ " ." .' ." .' .'.'.." 35c ' to < ssoo Iines of new Fal1 and Winter apparel, and are going to have a rousing^^^i^^P?jOCjJ o^rs.yies ivork s x*ma*k.d aS cu$ 5 -<*> @Ml^&tiS $
$ Powder Jar.-Bo'hemian g'ass, hand-painted with gilt trimmings; large size 59o 5alc * We let you into a little secret. This price cutting on this season S Clothing is not al v^^J • Work Basket-Imported European novelty, satin vsa «^S^^-*-^ J|
J Eastman', fechet Fowders-All odors; put up in glass vials; each- t 6 ChristmaS * n{h:0 W ° D CUr P art ~ thc SCaS ° n haS bWn badWard and W ? fi - nd /) \ f^HM Sh^nV^iT'laST ' U ' ' $l -°,°, i • r , , : - -S
v Pocket Knives — ; Steins, Tobacco Men's $12. SO Suits, $8.95— Suitable for semi-dress or %^^ T^L^-^-'^'/^^y\7y CT II ~\\ I otkerstvus Shovr-g s<t , $7.3* > O $ I? . "
I Other CULhry. BCXeS, Novelties. wear; new effects in greens, browns, grays and bfe in rough fl^T^/n N-S B^llS "So^SS^^ ?fg 5
J Nbeboj-sout A Approrriate present •» cheviots, cassimcies and worstsds; cut in the new Military style; y^^S^^T^Vli^^V n j?««# Clave and Handkerchief . cts— Transparent ceUuioid.wtb lmed/the*se*t .* SI OO 5
V /a^^'j of ten woul<1 V%k d fcr S ent ' rlnen » and perfectlv tailored; tip-top $12.50 values; dur.'ng <J3> £hE£ A — "Z%±s''P'"f""' "JS^^ZyLf^^^K *fY^.C ?• * Cuff and Collar Box — New style transparent celluloid, satin lining, with patent 5
V fJ<^l rather get a new MgL«J? th " arC "'""" - this Safe ' Z— — / / . / \^^^\J $6.95 Sizes . <or handkerchief drawer S f 37 "^
V S m^ sS fi?nTt!x\ Pockct " Kl!lfe ;ivl - vused for dccom - * --■■•■------ ...... .............. /jSL/ n^\^^^ b °y s 3 t0 7 y cars Autograph A!cura>.— Many styles ..... 5 C to* SLOO
5 VrlSw t^ n 1 \ nc^^ t HSBP^S^SISSS Men's $15,00 Suits, $ 11. 45— An L^^ on'y, this season', Post I Card Albums . S o^«ri^book, 25c; ioo-card book, 5 0c; «^card $
** lw°t"VtL C ' SE J-Win^krS * most rmitlrss chci,e of fabfics-blue and black y^^^^^TA ) /pettiest novelties in^Russian - M d Auto- 8 ' C? 3 °°^ |
t' f\ ft^^f ao ° st > les of with metal covers and cheviots, serges and worsteds, handsome ch;v:ots and /£> 1^ — . T i// mobile Overcoats, handsomely trimmed Utnbrsll^S for Onf*fPi Gla*Z*Sf*V «
K I M /I Pockttfcivts- §§1? ranging in price from cassimercs in new brcv/n and green color ngs, striped / T^ \J V in Pc . sian l am b and Astrakhan, new XtJISS Gfits. WfiBf fl WlflMWi .J
' * V^ gcodones^.sc 5- $i oxo^we and p ,,j d cff cqud CU£tcm made b fi . ?nd V^^^C^M colorings, blue, red; tan, grays • and £ Ud.s Umbe.hs- LOrgnStteS, Etc. *
* [jyV^^LJ on up to -— — - ]icture w u]k abou£ finish, s:z-.s to fit even bocy; values \^^ / Kl$ / I brewn; sold regu'arly by us at $10.00 W w « are offering a : W '- . -2
1 eaiu z££i:r$iiM. \^^^^M t $i m? c ™'$s-95 :-"l^ -T^^P° SIX «
1 jti*££ZL£ :**« N^^oio^ d eo^ f/^oTcTct:r 0^^^^^^ a^r Q^t^« fiSr "g'^ TJffll ? lasses :^
«« 25 fo l5 to imitate a champgne cork.$f.,O «ame lene Icoir P aceiul ines- madeL: 1 rchool s Ults fcr young men 13 to 1 9 >cars 0! age made or .\^ $2.50 1 tBMM J+- 00 ' J J' 00 » *
.$ Orrvers-Best quality of steel in satb- Novelties in Ash T«ys-In of ?* l ff.\ ° '£* T^ es, made all-wool, wear-resisting chtviots and cas5im:re5, in b ue and >^V 2000 Laie? Urn I |6.oo, 58.45, S
lined boxe.-J3.50. f4.o°; S5^o, oyster shells and of two paying cards ot black 1 m eisux o.d bray U:v- —~^ls^ • fancy mixtures; an, elegant $ 7- 5° value; « j- /^> bre'las-With nov- I «* 3 o°«rt -*
■£ "P" $2~.O~ m adc out of China, etc., each 35c lots » GrCcn "«d Tan Overp aid Cheviot*, ptrf.xt fitting arid well special sale price "' .'. • #*^™*»** fib I % elty handles b pearl, III $18.00 *
J PezrI.Handled Tab"e KMves — SUver. Many other styles of ash trays, match tailored; vaues up to our sale gfr^dt lam .'""l.^^« L i L j " 41 V old ivo.y, tortoise V Opera Glasses with Hold- -J
V plated blade, sterlbg silver ferrule; set boxes, pipe racks, tobacco boxes, etc., pr : ce ,. i& §§**+%) BoyS P $3*50SuhS 9 r $2,48—Voub\chTev.\cd. . B shell, natural wood, C ers attached, whh plush *
*. of 6 . . . £9 25 and $11 25 cp to &7 5it -jf- s ilor suits strong wr olen materials in p'cas ; ng colorings, 7 inlaid with silver, at jj a _ *g oo « IOO ' O J1200 5
Jf — — — — ; Boys' $7*5O Vested SuitSm $3.98—^" boys % ' m the new « £ fflrects in ftn «y chevioti and tweeds. AH seams stayed and taped, / price, ranging from to * 9 ' ClOHn S
J. Feather BoaS, Fine LiqUOrS to 6 years en y, handsome all-vvco mateTia a n farcv mixtures ideal £uiu for l °y s 8 t0 y ears ' that embrace gcod styles and durability, $3 '°2J,P^ 918'UU •
| Nnv*!ty Ruffs. At Gut Prices. doubie-breaste, siik vests, suits th-t are JO !d re g -. c " '*■ ™>v^^**%™ Loranottes-s^z m "I
* .«<$Sl^&* Ostrich Feather Cog-ac— Extra quality, for puddings, U.a'ly at $6.50 and $7 50; as a Ho'iday special %P*»a && 10 years of age: gcod * 3 . S o value.: Holiday sale price sizes, made of a go:d Gloria and otexung Oil- J
*» Bo s— Large ex- P : es, etc., Monday only, per .„ ■ . _ ; _. ; - Union Taffet^ S : lks, a large, hand- ver $5.5 O T X
V *0^^$W$$ F re££ shipment just bott'e O&G n some African handle, and case and «*
k' W^''^$Mk. received. Bought Cizrtt— A very good table quality, per $&%& r\ / H&*?h B Z^ 3^ -# S n -T tassel, each $2.25 Loran^itp Chain** IJ. "5
V §&& WM «P«ially for Holi- gallon. ... f ..... .^Ott Z^^^^ O /^ Ml £? BW 1 ffiH®* dTVb Fteb f!*P4 OfVk l &^3b toRedUGB A larg, assortment of Men's Umbrella-, *" ?!*J «r«M fihtf f- « "^
S : S lil w MS« tUCTr #^I S&^i°P&WS Overstock. E ~^Z^' 3 - O ° |
Jk* '£&*»♦ %&k£8% leatners; made ex- , . * oe xx; 11 '■■■,'•'.■' -'i' • ' S • ■"/'."■ -^ — — — — — — — — — — — — — _ — ___ _ __ «j
*! PPi #S tra full; gray, y . I T{** * '* ••.* ,f r 5 ,° ■ Wc arc lar £ cl y cverstccked en reveral lines of Axminsters, Wilton' Velvets, Brwssls and Ingra : n Carre s. These we have re- <?*»*«• T #./ wnmvsi Christmas Aomn* S
S ml~^ natural black, Scotch « marlcd at a very Jib.ral reduction from regular prices. Re uctions that should clear them out entirely during coming week.' Satm-Tr.mntBd UJinslmas Aprons. *
«o T%2*"t ri*JZr\ rrstmV FarS vJ.» just tne tiling for nien balls, on u n j a • 1 „•>,.. . ■ - ■ • ' ° ° - #»•_ . »... y .. . All or tne pretty. «•
i W§? $®% ipecial sale Monday, bottie. . 89O [ Axmlrste/s^Rich deep pile, extra heavy quality, Oriental fif *K Gerulne 3.ply Orpe(s-Vcry durable and guaranteed to wear for yearsj __ PinCUShiOHS. <^ new styles for mother -J
I mm $ 1 °' 50 > Sauterne-nnes-year^ldSonomawLe: B "% P r^/^^ b^ . Cl baby oT maid. Ladies' *
V *€$i) <&? $12 59. eallon fi /1ft coiy t rus tls I a. K e — No better carpet m:de for wear; in a very handsome . : ■ . • Z^Xf: ~ /ZzSlF Lawn Aprons, either x
K Novelty Neck Ruffs-Ths season', uine, bottle f 5/5) Tapcsty Brure'i-Thc newest and most o.gh't' for'pa'tte'rns" and cohLZ £ * " ' * * * " ' •••••> ' * ' * * * * * ' ° UG J$ftMi\ hdes'A^S, S
V ties L choose from for Christmas Guinness' Stout-White label, Uofded by ' ' SO^ 22x54 inches; worth $x.z 5 each; sale price . . . . . . . .' . . OdC - /^W Zch 35 S *
2» presena; colon black or magpie; each, McMullrn & Son, to-day, dozen . . FU3 *r^ £ £ ti$ trr* n n IF"— _ *"jf • _rf «pw '#■•'- 0«k » " / III I|V\ '.,**• 5
£ !T*&O**€mW+M BTHSe*B*<T%#* BT£+% W&^-?M/^W$$f WM^MmJM -J^l ■ S ft nll^fiR^ri. Hand-painted Necktx and Veil Cases, W^ the finer materials and *
I uftatang u ashes, itio. W :S»JJS® IfSliBH 'iSS. B «hi si ■% «*liSl^lw=^ eaei. . .-.. .$?.5«towso trimming., « 7j c -j
J- To introduce to our attention the lar est and jfel^^^^^ WH W'ftffl Holiday Jrice J/ Ha nd- P ainted Handkerchief Ca-e ... Ladies* large Aprons, new collar, and %
t 4i* ft most carefully selected stock of nickel-plated and !i\fkms^=~^^mW/ t , S"S-Z^. fh^SPv '3E^S^\ ■ i^i^S^^^^ I Hand-painted Silk Drape, for mantels, der SJ.OO *
*»° ti r copprr five o'clock teas and chafing dishes that /^/■^^^]"^-^^lS\ W^ 1 Musx Cab- m S^^s]§i^TL^' l\ |i| : ',\ pianos, corner brackets, etc Ladies* very finest aprons, all newest "{[
£ can b: found in town, we make this sp:cial offer r^TtV^jp £_ |^£' - n t_Mahog- «^ fif U^- I) 75c to $3-75 eaeh ideas $1,25. $1,50 jt
£ Brass 5 o'clock Tea Kettle and Stand as in picture, fitted with with adjustable shelves; special Holi- W^. Wl vS Hfffl/ LSCO Eod ComlOrtCPS, I*
h yTTV^ asbestos filled alcohol lamp; sunds 10 inches high; kettle " "! : -■^■^i^yV ''v^^^J?'? ' C3 v price _ _„ ¥/ «gL» _ : _ » _ __^_______^ «
S /j^^ quart; easDywo.th i, 5 o ; Monday sac fW^^^l '! r' I^ V V" ' ' i P-.or Table- Like picture; solid oak Handkerchiefs, <^^AtSS^) ' S
* <bg^>' OthJso^ck^utfit;.:;-;^ 52^0 up to $5.00 .ll^iil^ll ;SAJia y P ; •« 24 " 4 inCh " 5 Morri, Chair-Like picture; solid oak A hrge importatxn of real hand (0!^M0? ?
I nTkfe toV • 75C> $I ' 25 imM^k^ T" lk ish Velours in a variety of at. f . . "^ S#.ffS °r^mahogany finUhed, comfortable re- madfi Duchcs$ Lacc Handke, .^^p^^ \
m *ie»n* vtuic ciss*. » .,.. r /" "• . r c tc V . . *rf tracave colorings; a% t^ *%t2 chning chair with reversible cushion, \ - >^^^>S*^ «
I S?«" ' $2 00 > special Holiday price Ex . en$lon Teb , e _ Pol ; shed quartcred . , covered in the latest designs of . ve- chiefs and Point LaccX Hat d- . J
$ Chafin* Di+es-Best grade of goods, copper heavily nickel ptated; many unique and This Sidtboa-d of Golden Oak, well Roman I hsir-With tufted seat velour. go'den- cak, with heavy fluted legs, ' lours; special this £-, yg kerchiefs are COW on display Ha ° dsc^e Comforters -- Fl 'ed Jf
$ S.me designs to lelect from; a chafing gift for a hoLwife or a bachelor . *»*"*> f "46 mches m size, ha, or satin damask covering; special Hoi- . extends 6 feet, spe- , week ...... &£m£O * crc EOW on °"P I X l ibcrally rcal Grrman J
£ * $3.2j. $4 35. $4.45, $5.35, 56.75, $7.95 French plate mirror 18x36 inches; iday price .... C j-jj— "al Holiday price.. & k & U ,.■■ \ and sale. % Exquisite and vain- Down, covered on boh sides -*
J- Russian Cc'ffec Po'i-Ia brass and nickel. With one of these and these only can a Holiday special ep'QRtZ ........... &&.&& MR Tabouret or Jardin.ere SUnd- ...... ., . with silk in rch Co'orinM V
fc perfect coffee be made. AH are furnished with improved alcohol lamp attach- offering at .. . $. &%> W+f Indian Stool— To use as a foot rest or Three-Pifce Parlor 5uit— Neatly fin- ' Golden oak or the new weathered , able holiday gltts, each . ■ . *> \g
** meat; price. ". ■• • • $4-25, 54-75, $5/5, $5.75 Dining Chair— Neatly carved and .well teat, covered in Turkish velours, ished and well made, silk coverings in oak fin : sh, or mahogany; special Hoi- —i an atJ vk «r o en interlireQ VV.tn camoric; a very
K Coal Vam— An ornamental parlor cotl receptacle; handsomely decorated ard , made, with close cane ' a , 9 jmi- made of oak or ma- tf __ handsome designs— -, _ iday • price, : each .. •,»»iW|.*»./«r »<e»» beauiiul, very, use U and most J«
I heavily japarjicdj four sizes $1.95. $2.45, $3 .66, $3-90 *catj a big bargain at . ' &B m**** hogany; special price. &S.O& only /...... §IO.ZO ........ 9# mH'O' $3.50, $5. CO to &25 acccptabc each &11.BO J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIITM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
TEE EMPORIUM.
39
THE EMPORIUM.40
CHRISTMAS SHOPPING
CHRISTMAS shopping is naturally begun in a
holiday spirit. The people go forth first to take
a look around the shops to see what is offered
in the way of novelties. For a time there are
more of these sightseers than of purchasers. Every great
store is thronged with gay crowds, and the- animation of
the scene is such ss: to give tlie appearance of a bazaar
rather than an ordinary place of business. It is quite right
that this should be so. The Christmas world must see be
fore it can buy, and since there is a -delight in the seeing,
there is no reason why any one should object to the coming
and going of the crowds .making the preliminary rounds
of the shops.
Every custom, however, is liable to corruption, and
everything that has a right use may be subject to abuse.
Many of the people who run about from one shop to an
other will find it more and more difficult to make up their
minds what to purchase'. Instead of profiting by the mul
titude of things they see they will really become somewhat
bewildered by them and then will ensue a period of aim
less wandering from one place to another in search of
something they know not what. To such people the holi
day shopping in the end will become more perplexing
than pleasant. They will postpone purchasing from day
to dav and Christmas eve will come to find the whole host
of them struggling, and scuffling with one another in
jammed and crowded shops trying to get anything at all
that will do for gifts of the Christmas day.
That sort of thing has been so common in the United
States, where Christmas giving is carried out upon a much
more extensive and more costly scale than anywhere else,
that bur merchants have tried to provide a remedy for it
by offering their Christmas sales weeks in advance and
attracting attention to them by splendid . displays in the
show-windows. Under the present system it is quite pos
sible for all classes to make a careful inspection oi the
stores and complete their Christmas purchasing without
hurry and without delay. In this city and at this season,
for example, nearly the whole volume of gift purchasing
might be done during this week, leaving next week tree
for an easy preparation for the coming of the great day.
It should be borne in mind that there are a large num
ber of people in this city whose work confines them to
their places of business during the day and who therefore
can hardly make purchases until the evening. It is there
fore but a fair exercise ot the courtesies of the season that
all who have time to do so should make their inspection
and their purchases during the forenoon or afternoon, leav
ing the evening for the workers. Those who follow that
rule will not only have a pleasanter shopping season
themselves, but will have the satisfaction of feeling that
they have, shown a consideration for others.
Finally in all gift giving of the time the rich should
remember the poor.
IN HISTRIONIC WORLD
HERE we are again!
That seems to be what the
delicately, expansive smile of the
long lost Ferris Hartman, that
one meets on the streets these
days, is remarking. It's, a good
Christmas face, promising well for the
only Christmas entertainment proper that
the town affords, "Little Bed Riding
Hood" at the Tivoli, so please you, to
enter on Its seasonable career to-morrow
evening.
All the old Tivoll favorites are at home
again, and glad to be home, after an ab
sence of four long months, and most of
the familiar faces will be seen to-morrow
night in "Little Red Riding Hood." Mr.
Hartman has written the book, originally
with a star Dart all for himself in the
title role, but he has unselfishly given
it up after much persuasion to Miss
Chapman, though he says regretfully: "I
did look too cute for anything ln that
fwect little red hood, don't cher know?"
He has annexed the next best role, how
ever, as King Fire Fly, who gets trans
mogrified by a bad fairy for six scenes
and various rAns into Simple Simon, who
wears the turned-down collar and turned
up nose that suit Mr. Hartman's ingen
uous countenance so divinely. Lest we
forget, all that history has to say touch
ing this sweet young life Is given here be
low:
Simple Simon met a pieman.
Going to the fair.
Fays Simple Slrron to the plcaan.
Let me taste your -ware.
Sejs the pieman to Simple Simon.
First show me your penny;
Says Simple Simoa to the pieman.
Indeed. I have not any*
It will at once be seen how the sweet
and simple pathos of the character ac
cords with the best-known characteristics
of Mr. Hartman's genius, and one of his
BCbtlest impersonations may confidently
be looked for. It is a significant circum
stance. I don't know why, but feel in my
bones its weird significance, that the pie
man is not in the cast up-to-date. O
where, O where can he be? Perhaps lie
has fallen a victim to Fred Kavanagh.
who has been training for the wolf in the
cast. For I imagine a nice, tender pie
man would make much better eating than
Harry Cashman, v/ho will play little Red
Riding Hood's maternal grandparent. But
what is the matter with Fled Hiding Hood
herself, if the story permitted, or plump
little Annie Myers, who wanders in from
another page of fairyland as Boy Blue?
But there is always a fairy queen to the
rescue, and this year she is named Bar
r.etta Mueller, the pretty young woman
who tried to sing Nedda and couldn't
during the grand opera season. I'm sure
she will make a pretty fairy queen
though, and she has a large staff of as
sistant fairies that help along the good
work. It will take them all, every one,
to confound the wicked plots and machin
ations of Edward Webb as Baron Rub
berneck, and to see that Prince True
Blue's (Arthur Cunningham) affairs are
settled up to his princely deserts. Little
Miss Muffett also peeps into the story,
and other historical eminences too num
erous to mention.
There are to be ballets galore, a snow
ballet in particular, with a snow gentle
man—not the iceman— to run matters, and
Er.owballs and icicles and all sorts of nice
Christmas cardy things to look at. The
transformation scene will be a wonder,
with illustrations from twelve of Mother
Xjcose's epics, "Boy Blue," "The Old Wo
man Who Lived in a Shoe," "Ding, Dong,
Bell," "Mary, Mary. Quite Contrary"
and "The Cow Jumped Over the Moon"
among them. It looks something like a
"merry Christmas" when the Tivoli gets
to work at its Christmas show, and it 13
likely that all the compliments of the sea
son will be in order to-morrow night
when it begins. Tha same to you and
many of them.
Though opera of the grand sort has
"been and gone and left" lis for
another year, the comic kind ' is
still booming. and with Jefferson
de Angelis ' in "A Royal Rogue" at
the Columbia has done much to enliven
tho dramatic tedium of the last week. "A
Royal Rogue" is an opera of no lmpor
tai ce, only ln so far as It serves De An
gelis with a medium to get on the stage.
He is ridiculously funny, that kind of fun
that defies analysis, ' and convulses while
you wait. You cannot give any Intelligible
reason for your convulsions, for to , say
that you howled because a comedian came
downstairs with one foot on the balus
trade and the other on the steps, simply
reflects doubt on your sanity and throws
no light on your subject. But it Is fun,
genuine, palpable, compelling, that De
Angelis gives you, fun— horse-play, if you
will— that requires no opera-glasses to see
THE SAN ipiNCISW CALL; SUNDAY, Di^OEMBER 15, 19O1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
JOHN D. SPntCKELS, Proprietor. -• Address Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY ... :.....:.... ... .;....... ...;............ DECEMBER i.y iQt».
Publication Office ....'./; <^jrj?j|*>tz&jt* '... .'".'.: Market and Third, S. F.
CERTAIN of the clergy persist in despairing of
the human race. They are pessimistic to a degree
unknown since the days of Jeremiah, the weep
ing prophet. If one fail to bring to the aid of
his cheerfulness- of -spirit the knowledge that the re
searches of scholarship have brought within the reach of
inquiry, the mournful view of the race indulged in by cer
tain of its spiritual guides is conducive to the blues.
It is quite remarkable that this clerical pessimism
seems to have its center in Missouri and Kansas. We have
commented already upon the remarks of one clergyman
of that region, and now another, an eminent Presbyterian
divine, preaching from Revelation xxi:5, expresses the
opinion that man has deteriorated mentally, morally and
physically since the creation, . and that "The only differ
ence apparent is that now, in these days of civilization, he
is a polished assassin instead of a proclaimed barbarian."
In further evidence of his position he implored his
hearers to note the fact that every great man from the
statesman to the poet was a. being of the past. Finally: in
utter despair of doing anything to better affairs, ho an
nounced: "We are living in the last stage of the world's
existence. Man will grow so wicked that Providence will
not be able to stand his binning any longer, and wil' de
stroy the world. God will then make his children white as
snow by making all things new."
As a part of mankind we must protest against going
to execution on a judgment entered against Missouri and
Kansas. Why should the divine besom sweep Florence
Nightingale and Miss Clara Barton into the fire because
a Missouri lady is under indictment for murdering her
husband on Christmas eve, and a Kansas young lady cut
the throat of her rival with a razor?
The creation, spoken of by the clergyman, was a dif
ferent process from that which he has in mind. Life was
created in the mud slimes, and advanced through various
forms to man, who., since he arose from all fours, has been
doing the best he can. He never was as strong mentally
as now. He used to hide shuddering in caves from !hun
der and the eclipse. Now he controls the lightning, meas
ures space to the stars and analyzes the solids which com
pose them and the guses which envelop them.
His improved mentality and its processes have an
swered the physical riddles of the universe, and in the
process the creative Providence has acquired a dignity and
is panoplied in a majesty unknown\in what are cnlled
"the ages of faith."
Nor is it true that man has deteriorated physically.
it, and to which even the least humorous
ly inclined folk must give eye and ear.
There is no one else in the company but
Henry Norman; who sings a good song,
but De Angelis is sufficient unto the day
thereof, and he Is good for another week.
Following him comes the charming
Mary Mannering in "Janice Meredith,"
that will be the Columbia's holiday at
traction.
•To-night at the California there is the
curious and classic conjunction of a
Jefferson and "Rip Van Winkle." Still
more curious, the Jefferson is the son of
the famous actor, so long, identified' with
the play, and he comes here, with , the
company . in which his celebrated • sire
played so long his part." It would-be yet
more curious if he turned out to be a
second Joe Jefferson in ■ the :> part. ■ ,
MAN'S DESPAIR OF MEN.
THREE CLEVER LITTLE MU
SICIANS OF AN AUSTRALIAN
.COMPANY.
,The physical status of all life is determined by the period
through which it endures. The life of man' is longer to-day
than it ever was.' It has had years added to it in the last
three centuries, and the child born to-day is promised lon
gevity greater than that of its father. This is not-specu
lative. It is exact and indisputable! As for mental
greatness of the past, it depends . greatly upon the per
spective. Homer is greater to this than to his own genera
tion. The worthies of the Augustan age had little credit
in their day, and as for those of the Elizabethan age. who
were less noted than Shakespeare and Benjonson? The
proof of the expansion of the human mind is found in its
present capacity to comprehend and appreciate and apply
the high invention of Homer, Virgil and Shakespeare.
No doubt there are in this advanced and improved
world for which -the preacher finds no better fate than de
struction minds' as much above the wits«of this genera
tion as were these ancients beyond the comprehension of
theirs, and who in like manner will wait for recognition by
the continually growing mind of man.
It is a common infirmity to look. fondly back upon
"the good old times." But they were no better than these.
Abraham would be lynched if he treated his wife Sarah
now as he did when he enjoyed the favor of Providence.
And as for David, there is not a modern people that would
tolerate him, and; his son Solomon would be sent to the
penitentiary for violation of the Tucker-Edmunds law.
All over the modern world .morality, personal and
public, has improved in the last century.
An autograph letter written by Lady Montagu, wife
of an English admiral, was sold in New York recently. In
it the lady described a supper she had attended in polite
society. She said: "On my conscience, everybody was
drunk, for we were. a. good company, apd it was the best
supper I ever supt at."
In the same letter, describing. London society, she
says: "The ladies turn night into day. They paint, and
pinch their bodies in tight stays till they sink; for to be
very small at bottom and hanging over at top is quite the
fashion. Amongst them inconstancy, the fashion; sepa
ration, the fashion; to be with anybody but your husband
at the too of the fashion." •
There is not to-day* on the face of the earth a society
of which any, of these things is true.
The clergy should be encouraged to study other
books' of knowledge than dogmatic theology,' and a wider
wisdom may open their eyes to . see among the children
of men a vast multitude that are already whiter than snow.
THE CLEVER PASMORES
P, ERHAPS there 'is no imperative
I artistic reason why the Pasmore
v children should be on the concert
platform, but to the thoughtful
person there Is that. in their per
formance that is distinctly pleasing from
many standpoints. I heard them play the
other evening at Maple Hall, after a con
siderable lapse' of time, and wish to record
an unusual gratification in listening to
their efforts. To begin with there is an
entire . absence . of anything approaching
the abnormal, precocious element in their
work, that exotic emotional development
that makes the ordinary platform child
an object for i deepest pity. On the con
trary, theirs is a wholesome, normal and
childlike effort, ; evincing a' reasonable
amount of temperament, a capacity for
earnest and sincere study and a natural
development along sound and sale lines.
THE COLD WAVE.
V "* T HILE to most people the frosty air of the last
\ A / few days has been welcome as sunshine in
V/V spring because it harmonized so well with the
▼ ▼ Christmas season, to a good many persons it
has been anything but pleasant. How much damage may
have been done by it to the fruit-growers cannot as
vet be estimated. It is certain, however, that California
has not had the pleasure of this -fine bracing weather"
without paying for it. Like every other good thing, it
comes high. . -
A remarkable feature of the cold snap is the extent of
the wave which produced it. Apparently the entire con
tinent has been swept by it, and in many Eastern locali
ties it has been cold enough to count as a genuine dis
aster Over the Mississippi Valley the wave extended as
far south as the Arkansas boundary, and along the Great
Lakes it was severe enough in many localities to cause
death where persons were exposed to it. Eastern repot??
speak of quite a number of such fatalities, for the people
were not expecting so cold a wave thus early in the win
ter and were not prepared for it.
It is seldom the weather on this coast coincides with
that on the east. When we have heavy frosts here the
weather on the other side of the continent is generally
milder than is usual at that season, and the same rule holds
good with hot waves. This present coincidence of cold on
both sides of the continent is therefore sufficiently unusual
to be notable, and will doubtless engage the attention of
the Weather Bureau.
From the reports that come to us from the East we
can gather one more evidence of the superiority of our
climate. Here the golden mean of weather prevails nearly
all the year round. That which we regard as severe would
.be deemed mild in the East, where the seasons alternate
between torrid summers and boreal winters. We are hav
ing the best Christmas weather that the world affords. Let
us rejoice in it. ; : : y2'
The anti-dueling movement and agitation in Ger^
many has spread to Austria, and a large number of the
highest aristocracy of the empire have organized to put a
stop to the practice. Much of the success obtained by the
reformers thus far has been due to the personal influence
of Kaiser Wilhelm and full credit should be given to him.
Since it has been assured that the Chinese exclusion
bill will be re-enacted Minister \Vu has not been so bland
arid diplomatic as usual. He is now quoted as saying: "The
American people are biased beyond argument and reason
does not appeal to them." Mr. Wu is getting woozy.
If King Edward's coronation realizes all that has been
written about it there will be no need 'or any sort of in
ternational exposition next year, for the coronation cere
mony will give the world all the show it needs for the
They are all charmingly unaffected in
manner, doing their work in a simple,
modest fashion that is very taking and
looking juat as three thoroughly healthy,
normal and sweet young girls should look'
But aa I said before, Miss Mary, Susan
and Dorothy Pasmore happily for them
selves hardly yet belong to the concert
platform, though they all play weH
But it is yet only as student effort that
their performance la interesting and
frcm that standpoint it is possible
to get a good deal of pleasure from listen
ing to them. I should like to suggest to
Miss Susan that the piano lid be lowered
in the trios, the piano frequently over
balancing the strings in the present ar
rangement. The little sisters played Mr
Pasmore's "Petite Suite," a couple of the
Brahms "Hungarian Dances." arranged
yerx well bytbale father, and Dorothy
and Mary gave 'cello and violin solos
respectively; two of Mendelssohn's "LJe
der ohne Worte." and an adagio and
canzone tta from Godard's rather mere
tricious "Concerto Romantlque."
• • •
Very different from the lot in life of
the Pasmore children is the fate of the
clever youngsters who have been singing
and dancing at the Tivoll for the last alx
week3, the Pollard Australian Juvenilo
Op*era Company. The conditions of the
lives of these children I believe to be as
nappy and natural as is possible under
l£^i- cl rcumstances. They are treated
with all kindness and consideration by
their managers, and seem to live among
themselves in an atmosphere of accord
that would do credit to many families of
children that appear to be much more
fortunately situated. There are many
sweet and fine traits to be noted among
them, an admirable unselfishness, help
fulness and generous delight in the tri
umphs of their little confreres that would
shame many of their elders of the pro
fession. I have seen many pretty In
stances of this latter trait. I was beHInr* /
the scenes the other night while "1 i
A? W P. was S° ln S on and said to one A. I
the tiny principals, "What a clever littla
woman you are!"
™Sv'> bl £ y K U 8hould see in tha
L Jv d i ll f generous little soul, tug
ging with all her mite of strength at an
other small atom's new gloves that re
. f e i* ♦*£ ?° *i n: and that ls tn « kind of
spirit that rules among them.
They all seem to know every other part
? n *\i 1 pro^ KLmm e. Prompt each other
readily In case of need, and sing every
thlngjn sight from the soprano solos to
t£ e t *£E£:^ \?*. the kettle-drums. I saw
little Willie Pollard and the fairy queen
and Juliet all^ singing away for dear life
m*? el & nd i he scenes ln the choruses.
with little Daphne Pollard, as "Shrimp."
doing a noiseless pas seul In one corner,
to the unaffected admiration of an older
8^ r . 1 w wh .° wa ? taring to hide her tights
with her cloak— for there are predl
i^Tn 11 *.* 8 t0 "S h ts even among these
small misses. Others again, finger on lip.,
were keeping things quiet among the lit
tie ones, for they seem to be a self-gov
erning community, and another, a beauti
ful young girl with the face of a Joan of
Arc, and like her clad In cloak and breast
plate stood looking out on the motley
mercurial crowd, thinking.
Choice candles. Townsend's Palace Hotel.*
CaL Glace Fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's. •
Gnniet'a Christmas extra ralnce plea. Ic*
cream and cake. 905 I.arkin *t : phone East 138. •
Special information supplied daiJy ta
business houses and public men ty th/li
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Monw
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
•Tha Overland Limited." via Union Pacific
R. R.. is the only train making connection in
Chicaso with the fast Kxvretn Trains leaving
Chicago In the mornlnc for New York. Br
this Route you can remain In San Franciso
until 10 a. m.. reachlnc Chicago six hours
quicker than on any other Limited Train. Thi»
train runs Every Day in the Tear. D. W.
Hitchcock. Gen. Agt.. No. X Montgomery «.,
S. F.
The oyster la turning uneasily In hl3
D6O*
WE RETAIL and carry
a full line of
HOLIDAY
BOOKS...
Save money by buying
from a Wholesale House.
THE WH1TAKER & RAY CO.
second n..r 723 MARKET ST,I FUR JACKETS. FUR CAPES. I
S ELECTRIC SEAL JACKETS. "inches :.«io.r>o S
11 Elesrant electric seal Jackets. 22 Inches Ions, in the Jg Inche" ' Sl^'sO W
M W , Uh . hleh collar ' as shown ln cut - RIVER MINK RUFFLE" CAPES^Just'ine'cape"" for ® \
i m"de and ,?n.f u>, T rrOW " €XCePtlOna " y **"" California wear-an exceedingly good value In a moder- g
M ?ear Si / a o k^ s ? • S30 -°° eaCh ately-priced garment-must be seen to be appreciated- ||
Cgf Seal Jackets, 22 inches long S4.1.00 each ,. ,'t M » 14 - n 19
j , Near Seal Jackets, 24 inches lone S5O.OO each " " «i*»-O H
M r^ear Seal Eton Jackets S40.00 each " J^ 68 1 IJS"-ft 1
jgj Near Seal Jackets, 22 inches long, with SIS.ou g
RJ chinchilla collar and reveres S75.OO each P| ]D CP A DPQ m
J" j Near Seal Jackets with mink collar and 1™^!— » tx 4^W//\lv* fi|
m VpnT^'Ji i nc * es t lor f."'""; SGo.OO each SABLE FOX SCARFS-The scarf we illustrate is of ||
II lar Ind rev re 4 T £ i C01 " sable fox and Is one of the most P°P ular garments we fg
I I " " ' lncEes ">ne SGO.OO each have ever car ried— fox scarfs are now the rage in the m
j 'j , Bast and Europe — this scarf is an unusually good Kg
I j FLJIx CAPPS value -8T.OO each S
p w ** 1 !-«*-/• SABLE FOX SCARPS-better quality ...$10.50 each K
• I riTTNTA crtT oAr>rv= t*u ... ISABELLA FOX SCARFS, very fine ..$12.00 each W&
\] excetlent/a^tT^rlufhly SS£ S5?2ff elAJSuv H ° RSE SH ° E SCARFS-These come in all the populat |j
| lined with heavy satin and finished with two heads and f UrS and are trImmed with eight tails— a very service- Eg!
|:\ four tails— ~ able garment and a very stylish one. Of stone marten &§
14 inches g^ 05 opossum, $3, $3 50 and $4.00 each fM
-Ta 15 inches SS.2S sable opossum, $3, $4 and S4.3O each Gig
{ .! IS inches Sdiso *"*' black marten. $3, $10, $12 50 and $15.00 each pa
jj BALTIC SEAL CAPES— A very attractive garment. Of river mink $5.OO each f||
U\ with an astrakan yoke, trimmed with two heads and Of mink, $10, $12 60, $15 and 820.00 each m
igj 'our tails— these garments are made of full skins, no Sable Opossum Horse Shoe Scarfs— These scarfs are Eg
Bf f >ieC d I l5' and are ° ne ° f the best values we have ever of- well made, finished with two full tails— a very good me- 83
fg| lerea dium-priced garment S4. SO each jBJ
I FUR COLLARETTES. I
J^^^ m^^^. BALTIC SEAL COLLARETTES— This is the collarette we il- -— , K»
lustrate in this ad — a short tab collarette, finished with eight |p Mr
X/ X, RIVER MINK COLLARETTES^-This coliarette is made with &
m Vwj/^O an astrakan yoke — 10 inches deep $7 <)O eacli £ >£C^V\\a
B S^^^^yjp % These collarettes are also made with electric seal yoke W ?<^5o^ «D \
g \ " JjiyF**" MlffK* COLLa'reTTE^IO "inches "deep!** tV°m1Sed / \
n 1 with tour tails — one of the best made moderately-priced gar- m ■££*■■ '""jftv 1
it jBfiS^. 1 ments in our stock— very stylish 89.00 each E I
I l^)lK^ INC 0H?JP~O RATED''^«HM / / >JHfV \ /
ITALY DESIRES
MORE TREATIES
Premier Tells of Efforts
to Benefit Agri
culture.
. ROME, Dec. 14.— Senor Zardenelli, the
Ita^an Premier, in the course of a long
Bta.tem.ent in the Chamber of Deputies,
5n which he showed how the efforts of
th© Italian Government had improved the
health and material prosperity of Naples
and the southern Italian provinces, an
nounced that he hoped to conclude com
mercial treaties with Germany and Aus
tria benefiting Italian agriculture.
With that end in view, the Premier
said, he was studying a tariff which it
■was proposed would eventually provide as
a means of defense against foreign tar
iffs. The Government also hoped to con
clude satisfactory agreements with Rus
sia and Brazil.
Senor Zardenelli 6aid the country ought
to continue to make Naples a great man
ufacturing center by pouring capital into
it, end that the Government would ap
point a Government committee to con
sider the problem. He intended during
the next session of the Chamber of Dep
uties to introduce a bill to establish two
direct lines of railroads between Rome
and Naples and to reduce the Journey
between the »;wo cities to two and a half
hours.
Continuing, the Premier said he also
hoped it might be possible to construct a
central railroad between Bologna and
Rome, thus reducing the Journey between
Milan and Naples to nine hours. Then,
said Zardenelli. the St. Gothard and
Simplon tunnels will indeed become great
highways of mankind.
Another bill to be introduced proposes
the construction of aqueducts in Apulia,
a province of Southern Italy. These mea
sures would not disturb the national
finances, said the Premier, because the
r/ork would be takon in hand gradually.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Desperate Case
Of Piles Cured.
Mrs. Win. Kenmore, So. Omaha, writes:
"I suffered many, many years with pro-
truding oilcs and dared not risk an ope-
ration. My case became desperate. I took
Pyramid Pile Cure and in a short time
■was entirely cured, with no return of the
trouble." Hold by all druggists. 50 cents a
box. Bock, "Piles, Causes and Cure,"
mailed free. Pyramid Drug: Co., Marshall,
Mich. _._ ,
•
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Concluding, he testified to the unani
mity of the Deputies ln making the sac
rifices to assure the prosperity and the
greatness of the country, and said It' was
such sacrifices that rendered the unity of
Italy possible and would render her great
among the nations. These remarks were
greeted with prolonged applause from ail
sides, the Deputies crowding around Zar
denelli to shake his hand and to congrat
ulate him.
WORLD-FAMED TAVERN.
Mount Tamalpais Resort Known to
Tourists of the World.
To the visitors from the East who an
nually spend a season amid the scenic
wonders of California there is a fascina
tion about Mount Tamalpais which no
other natural wonder affords. To view
the Burrouriding- country from this grand
eminence is a delight long to be remem
bered, as Is also the recollection of the
hospitality of the famous tavern which
crowns the summit of the mountain.
The tavern of Mount Tamalpais Is a
famous resort among tourists. No trip
to the mountain would be complete witH
out an inspection of its beauties and con
veniences. It is thoroughly heated and
lighted with gas and its appointments are
superb. From its spacious veranda the
most glorious views ever beheld may be
witnessed. Its cuisine is unsurpassed and
its service all that the most exacting
taste demands. The tavern is open every
day of the year.
MILWAUKEE RATT.BOAP
MAY BUILD A NEW LINE
Report That Northwestern Combina
tion Has Caused a Stir in An
other Direction.
HELENA, Mont.. Dec. 14.— The report
that the Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul,
will probably build a line west from its
present terminus ln South Dakota be
cause of the fact that the Great North
ern-Northern Pacific-Burlington combina
tion is shutting them off from a just
share of the Northwestern business from
St." Paul to Chicago lse causing a great
deal of lntferest in this locality.
Although no unfavorable effect has so
far been seen, it has been feared all along
St. Paul to Chicago is causing a great
transcontinental roads supplying this
territory would eventually result in a con
dition of affairs similar to that in South
ern California, where the Southern Pa
cific has full sway and is practically able
to dictate its own terms to all the coun
try through which it passes. It is be
lieved, at any rate, that it would do the
Northwest no harm to have another big
railroad competing for the business east,
and the hope is therefore expressed that
the Milwaukee will be forced^ to push its
lines out through the Dakotas and Mon
tana. It seems highly probable, how
ever, that the Great Northern and North
ern Pacific and Burlington ■will make all
sorts of concessions concerning the St.
Paul -Chicago business rather than have
the Milwaukee for a competitor out here.
It is now believed that the work of the
civil engineers in the eastern part of
Montana last summer was done in view
of the fact that an extension might have
to be made.
Entitled to Equal Shares.
COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa, Dec. 14.—
Judge Green's courtroom was filled to its
capacity when he convened court to-day.
There were present prominent attorneys
and jurists from Omaha and this city to
hear the opening argument by Charles J.
Hughes of Denver for the plaintiff in the
Doyle-Burns mining suit for a large block
of stock in the Portland Mining Com
pany. Referring to the early partnership
of James Doyle and James Burns, he said
there was no claim made by Doyle that
there was a business partnership, but
that the men had shared their ups and
downs, as all miners do ln making loca
tions, and when their success waa assured
both were entitled to equal shares ln their
fortunes. • . \ •'•'*.
''God Save Our Lord, the King."
LONDON, Dec. 14.— The national an
them is now undergoing revision. Instead
of "God save our gracious King" the. re
frain will be changed to "God cave our
lord, the Kinff/V - :::__
■ ,* ■;-'..-. ■■:, ■ l \ •• ■ - . > * -, 1.- V;- '.Y J ,-.i i. •' ■ - -
THE SAN FRANOiSCO GALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901.
SAYS THE FLAG
IS IN DANGER
French Minister of In
struction Scores a
Professor.
PARIS, Dec. li— The Socialists, through
their mouthpiece Deputy Viviani, brought
up the case of Socialist Herve, pro
fessor of history in the college of Sens,
in the Chamber of Deputies, he having
been removed from his post on account of
his virulent anti-military articles.
The interest In this case lays in an inci
dent which- occurred during the trial of
Herve on November 14 by the academic
council of Lijon, which recalled the Drey
fus case. Certain documents unfavorable
to Herve were communicated to the coun
cil without the knowledge of the defend
ant »
Viviani described this act as a flagrant
violation of the law and suppression of
the guarantees of the defendant. He said
that after the struggle France had gone
through , one might ask whether her ef
forts had been vain. Viviani demanded
the punishment of the rector of the acad
emy,_, who had communicated the docu
ments. ■ . ' . ; .
Replying. Leygues, Minister of Public
Instruction, -Justified the proceedings
against Herve and said they had been
taken upon the instigation of General
Andre, the Minister of War.* He pointed
out that the documents in question were
not important and did not mention
Herve's name. 'Nevertheless, he said, the
superior council, on an appeal, had an
nulled its previous declaration and grant
ed a re-trial.
Leygues further said that the anti-mlll
tary doctrines which Herve held were in
■eompatlble with his position as a pro
fessor at the Lycee and that Herve was
not a fit person to instruct the youth in
the military glories of France. Leygues
concluded by asserting that Herve wished
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BLOCKS THE
How many friends have you
whose health has been Im-
paired, whose infirmities date
back to the Grip? Nearly every
serious illness starts with a
Cold or the Grip.
Keep free -from Grip and
Colds by using "77." It stimu-
lates the action, of the heart,
liver and kidneys, and so
throws off Colds that hang on.
At all Drn«1sts S cents, or mailed on receipt
Of price. DOCTOR'S BOOK. MAILED FREE.
. Humphrey' b Homeopathic Medicine Co., Cor-
ner William end John Street*, New York, j ,
BOERS SUFFER
SERIOUS LOSS
Sixteen Killed and Sev
enty-Six Captured by
the British.
One of Benson's Guns Recap
tured and Used on the Re
treating Enemy.
LONDON, Dec. 14.— Reporting to the
War Office from Pretoria under date of
yesterday, Lord Kitchener says:
"Bruce Hamilton, after a long night
.march, surprised Piet Viljoen's laager at
oawn, December 13, at Wetkraens, twen
ty-live miles northwest of Krmelo, killed
sixteen Boers and captured seventy-six
armed prisoners. Many others were
wounded a.nd were left at farms. He also
recaptured one of Benson's guns, the
other having been, destroyed. Two field
cornets are among the prisoners. The rc
capiurt'd gun is : in good ureter and was
Uhini agiuiict the reti eating enemy."
Kighi Hon. & 1. John lirodncK, Secre
tary of State lor War, wired the Govern
ment's cuiigi a tula iions upon General
Uruce Hamilton's brilliant achievements.
Horrors of Concentration.
The delay in the publication of the Oc
tober aim November returns iroin the
concentration c'uuips, whicn were usueii
to-aay, was apparently uuo to tne Gov
ernment's ut<b..e 10 accompany me an
nouncement of the pmabiy lugh deain
rate with some otuciui explanation, 'mo
blue book issued lu-cuty snows 3156 deatns
of whites ln October, of whicn number
2\i33 were cnilaren, and 280/ deaths of
wnites in iMovember, of which 2271 were
children. This makes the total number of
deaths for the last, six months 13,941. or
a death rate approximating, 263 per year
per thousand. Among tne colored popula
tion there were l6i)H deaths in two
months.
The Blue Book • contains the Govern
ment's plan for breaking up the camps,
as recently outlined in the speeches of ine
War Secretary, War Secretary Brodricii
ana the representatives of medical olti
cers blaming the death rate on the filthy
habits of tne Boers, the concealment of
diseases, the feeding of babies on meat,
heavy dough bread and stewed black. cot
iee and the admission to the camps of
half-starved refugees; riddled with dis
ease, ln one instance a batch of ref
ugees brought in eight moribund cases
and three bodies.
Eradicating Bace Hatred.
Cecil Rhodes, in a long letter to the
Daily Telegram, advocates the settlement
of large numbers of suitable British sub
jects on land among the Boers as the
only safe means of eradicating race
hatred in South Africa. He contends that
if the Britishers confine th«lr attention to
mining districts and the towns It is im
possible for the race difficulty to be
solved.
VIENNA, Dec. 14.— A pro-Boer meeting
has just been held in Vienna. The meet
ing was organized and led by anti-Sem
ites, including Vice Burgomaster Nu
mayer. It was held because of the lail
ure of the attempt to provoke a pro-Boer
debate in the Reichsrath. Chamberlain
was denounced in abusive language and
the Hungarian Premier, M. de Szell, was
severely criticized. The clerical journal
Vaterland at the s.ime time published an
attack upon Great Britain.
BRITISH J0TTRNA1IST
, WROTH AT AMERICANS
Editor of / Saturday Eeview Is Vio
lently Irritated Over Nicaragua
Canal Affairs.
LONDON, Dec. 14.— The Saturday Re
view, continues its campaign against the
Nicaraguan treaty. Tit' declares that
Senator Lodge's speech during the execu
tive .session of the Senate December 10
should at least make it clear how com
plete is Lord Lansdowne's surrender to
the United States. The Review holds
that permisslqn to fortify the canal ex
ists, but that Senator Lodge, in order to
win over the "more impudent believers
in American Almightlness," exaggerated
the intention of the treaty, the broad
principle ' of ' which, the writer holds, is
perfect neutralization and opposed to any
arbitrary act by the United States.
"But," the Saturday Review con
tinues, "nine points of the law are with
Senator Lodge. If the history of diplo
macy has shown anything it has proved
the absolute helplessness of broad princi
ples and wide implications in dealing with
unscrupulous politicians."
MURPHY, GRANT & CO.
Onr of the Most Prominent Dry Goods
Houses on the Coast. ■
There are few better known or more
widely respected firms in San Francisco
than that of Murphy, Grant & Co., whole
sale dealers in dry goods, at the corner
of Bush and Sansome streets. , Estab
lished ■ nearly fifty years ago, the growth
of the firm has- been the growth of the
city. The business has reached that mag
nitude which easily places it in the front
rank of similar concerns in the United
State3.
The firm does a heavy business all over
the Pacific Coast, and it supplies every
retailer of dry goods in California from
its extensive stock. In addition to this,
the firm sends goods to the islands of the
Pacific and to the Orient. Its quarters
have been enlarged from time to tlmo.
until to-day its facilities for doing busi
ness on< a large scale are , unsurpassed.
May Boycott the Germans.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— A movement has
been set on foot in , Odessa, says the
correspondent of the' London Times and
New York Times in that city, to en
courage the development of Russian trade
with France, Great Britain, Belgium and
Switzerland, and to vigorously boycott
German . manufacturers should pro
posed German agrarian tariff become
law. i . , .
Pictures and Frames.
We have everything that is new ln good
moderate priced pictures and frames suit
able for Christmas presents. Call and see
them at Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s, 741 Mar
ket st. . . .. ... •• J . ■ • '. 6 .■ -,- <f.
to plant the "French flag on- a manure
heap, and, defending his removal, de
clared that there would be an end to
France if many professors imitated
Herve. The Minister's remarks were re
ceived with prolonged cheers. :
Viviani protested against Leygues' re
ply, but the Chamber voted the simple
order of the day, as asked by the Minis
ter, by 3S3 to 81S.
LAWYER SHEDS- LIGHT
ON" JURY CONSPIRACY
More Interesting. Testimony Is Fur
nished in the Chicago Btib
t v ery Case.
CHICAGO,*Dec. 14.-A. S. Trude, an at
torney,' gave evidence In Judge Smith's
branch of the Criminal Court to-day on,
behalf of Alexander Sullivan, the attor
ney accused of jury bribing and conspir
acy. Trude's testimony was strongly
contradictory of that offered by Mrs. Jo
sephine Gordon and Philip Mulligan in
relation to the lawyer's assistance in ar
ranging money matters between ex-
Bailift James J.'Lynch'a family and the
conspirators ln Chicago. He admitted
some of it, denied much more, and ex
plained how an Innocent bit of charitable
legal advice had been misconstrued and
how misrepresented.
In effect/ Trude stated that Mrs. Gor
don, Lynch's sister, had come ■ to him to
have him Intercede with ' Frederick St.
John, one of the men Indicted for alleged
conspiracy, in order to get money of
hers which St. John held. This money
was that alleged to have come from the
Chicago West Division Street" Railway
through Sullivan for ; Lynch to use in
bribing -Jurors in damage suits. Trude
said he had asked Mrs. Gordon where the
money came from and she had replied' it
was none of his affair— that all she de
sired was to get it; <,.■■<" • - r ■ - >-^
iH H ilia !i"l jT^wl M
Pi ?A
H Kid Gloves. Umbrellas. I
B Glove orders for those who are in doubt „*£}« fff&tfglSSS^JSZS^Jfc jfl
ill as to sizes and shading^. Olil* assortment of sold at the prices we are asking, and such condi- I'll
era i~ t><. ;- 1 ,,,^c-<- r\iir> \V*> Invp tions would not be so if we had not been able to t -]
II gloves ii» a most remaikable one. We na\e make a special purchase in New York this fall- iM
Kj|a every color and every size of all the gloves these umbrellas arc on sale to-morrow — handles of fcfi
HI * iA Africa pcar '' mcta l or wood— pure silk and royal taffeta— « I
y| we aaveruse. for ladies or gentlemen— \J
il The Famous Co'umbia Glove- Regular $2.50 umbrellas, special for^Christmas J
I ImLSr:? iMMJ^" ' h!DS ' ■■■»'*5- umbr e uV,- s p«iarVor ttnsunas |
P For Ladies -...*1.00 pair •"•• .?3.-O each Kg
K$jf For Children HZa pair Regular $6.00 umbrellas, special for^ Christmas Ti/Kj
II "' lie Waldor?— Ask to see our new mirror-handled umbrellas— a pa
Sgl A pique sewed walking glove, exceptionally pood decided novelty — other umbrellas at $6.00, $700. ||B
|H quality — two clasps — __ $Q.Oo and $to.OO. 1^
H| For Missel '. $1.OO pair H
H rhe Peeress ciove- Gentlemen's Mufflers f
Ha The finest glove at $1.50 that we know of — two « «-^ « p|
&m clasps — in^all the new autumn shades. .91. 5O pair £H1C» lv66ld*S» jf.i
Hll -j - f 1 • je Plain and embroidered— all kinds— ready-made U,]
|| rlandKerCnieTS. and made-to-order— from $1.50 to $3.00 each 14
li Never before in our history have we - . C A ' -
El shown such a variety of handkerchiefs— LCfllllCr vJOOQS* hj
H| some embroidered, some plain, some hem- Leather bags, chatelaines, beaded baps and purses p&j!
K$l ctii-rh^H fnr HH5p<; (rpntlpmen anri rhil- and belts Ralore — nothing would be prettier than t£y|
H stitched --tor ladies gentlemen and uiil some of these hand . carved leather novelties to send i;j
HI dren— initialed handkerchiefs in complete to your Eastern friends— distinctively Western.de- IJH
JH assortment. cidedly pretty and very reasonable. _ Jp|j
Kk * Hand carved Mexican leather — well made in IWfi
HJ Special. novel designs— regular $1.50 grade— special for |gj
1 Ladies' hand-embroidered initialed handkerchiefs- Christmas .05c each ||
Kg pure linen, hemstitched— 6 in a box, worth Sr.so— We make no charge for lettering on leather Roods Eg
IB special for Christmas .$1.OO box priced over $1.00. pi
g|j Gentlemen's Handkerchiefs - _ lc £?<
Hj Hand embroidered, pure linen, hemstitched, in- 1 \
MM itialed: tastily arranged in a box of six — any initial - . ■ -it- K"j
igS you want — regular price $2.00 — special for Christ- We received from Europe a special shipment of KM
Kga mas .(.... f $1.30 box crocheted wool shawls and umbrella capes— these M
UK ■ . . come in all colors and in a great variety of stitches V 1
III Ladies' Initialed Handkerchiefs— an d sizes, and are much superior to the ordinary £-1
g|| A good grade — the regular $r.oo kind — tastily ar- factory-made shawls — you will be surprised at the t^jjl
E|a ranged in a box of six— special until Christmas quality— each [U]
H 50c box $2.25, !?2.00, $1.75,^1.50 and 00c 1.1
HOSEBERY MAY
FORM A PARTY
Former Premier Very
Much in th e British
I Limelight.
LONDON. Dec. 14.— The most talked of
man in England to-day is Lord Rosebery.
In anticipation of his speech on Monday,
Chesterfield is filling up with special cor
respondents, who send long dispatches de
scribing the ferment and local excitement.
So great has been the demand for admis
sion- to the hall, in which the lord will
speak that thousands of applications for
seats have been refused.
Such intense interest could scarcely b^
awakened by any other figure in Eng
land's recent political history. No one
seems to have tho faintest idea of what
Lord Rosebery is likely to say. His fore
cast of his intentions has gradually raised
public curiosity to a fever pitch, and if lie
only intends to gratify this by middle-of
the-road announcements he stands in
great danger of forever shattering what
reputation he has for serious purposes.
Yet, as the Standard points out, his
declaration of willingness to lead the Im
perialist Liberals would not. bring him
more supporters than could fill the offices.
Sir Henry Campbell-Bunnerman, Liberal
leader of the House of Commons, controls
the rank and file and the party organiza-'
tion. . ' . " ..
All kinds of rumors arc rife, the like
liest of which may be mentioned. It is
that Lord Rosebery intends at least lay
ing the foundations of a new party, which
will have himself, Sir Edward Grey, Her
bert H. Asquith and Sir Henry H. Fow
ler as its shining stars. If the Premier
merely continues his "lonely furrow" al
titude the Chesterfield meeting will be one
of the hugest jokes ever played on the
country. • . .
New South Wales' Wheat Crop.
. SYDNEY, N. S. W., Dec. 14.— The . Gov
ernment Statistician reports that the es
timates for the New South Wales wheat
crop are 19,000,000, an average of 12.8 bush
els per acre. . ■ ■
. TIP Jttt KOHN .BRds: MAKLRS
j£;f| Ilpl If your dealer does not handle
lit -iti the " GAYROCK BRAND"
■"^^jLlir. write us and we will furnish
W II V t^ ie name °* one w^° does.
9 «tL Vrite for our large map of the United States
y$Q sent free on application. Address Dept. B,
APVKRTT^^"" f.wrfl-
MONEY MARKET
NEEDS RELIEF
Prepayment of Interest
Will Have a Good
Effect.
NEW TORK, Dec. 14.— It is expected
that there will be some relief ln the
money market during the current week
through the prepayment by the Treasury
of January interest due by the Govern
ment. Judging from experience, however,
not much impression probably will be
made by these payments, which will
amount to about $3,000,000 at New York,
because the need for money is so urgent.
Last week the flurry ln the money mar
ket was partly responsible for the large
sales of unmatured bonds and the pay
ment by the Sub-Treasury for these secu
rities amounting to $2,556,500. The checks
were collected over the counter of that
institution in order that the proceeds
might be made immediately available.
A movement which has begun to be im
portant is the withdrawal of new coins,
gold as well as silver from the Sub-Treas
ury for holiday presents. Such withdraw
als last week amounted to about $250.0uo
and it is likely that the volume will in
crease this week.
There was no evidence last week of
contributions to the needs of the New
York money market by the Canadian
bank. This Is somewhat surprising, be
cause usually when money is dear here
these banks seek to take advantage of
the fact, and bring gold over the border
for the purpose of loaning it ln New
York. The fact that on "Wednesday and
Friday of last week money was freely
offered in the last hour by large banking
interests with the result of breaking the
rate temporarily seems to show that these
Interests are intent upon preventing if
possible any undue derangement of the
market, and as their resources are sup
posed to be enormous they will most like
ly succeed in their efforts to restore nor
mal conditions to the monetary situation.
Permanent Army Post for Manila.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— Secretary
Root has submitted to the House an es
timate of JoOO.000 for a permanent military
post In the vicinity of Manila to accom
modate two full regiments of infantry,
two squadrons of cavalry and two bat
talions of artillery. He says that General
Chaffee strongly recommends this per
manent establishment.
bBiATSGHlisXii
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
ID THIRD STREET. SIM FRAMCISCO. j
uo You Intend to 1
Make Any Presents? !
The holidays are drawing near §1
and if you intend making any sifts Kg
you must decide on them prettv \\
soon. Why not give a ."enslble W
present, something- useful as well n
as ornamental? We have a com- li
plete stock of fancy slippers for I
men. women and children, and this II
week offer some strong novelties H
Indies' Black, Green or Red Velvet D
Puritan Juliets with buckles on tho H
vamps, warm flannel lined and fur HI
&i?^ d ' SS. ! ?t?a. PRIC1B ONLr I
SOMETHING NEW — Ladles' I
Green, Red or Black Velvet Fur Ij
Trimmed Juliets with fancy colored H
French heels and flannel lined. H
THE PRICE FOR THIS WEEK li
81.45. Sizes 3 to 8. jj
Ladies' Vici Kid Beaver Fur
Trimmed Juliets with quilted satin
tops, warm flannel lined and turned
soles. REDUCED TO §1.45.
Sizes 3 to 8.
OUR STORE has b«an enlarged and
i eating capacity Increased.
"WE yniXt BB OPTS* EVKNLSTCJS
during the month of December.
NEVER JUXD THE SIZE. Jn«t btiy I
a shoo order. No present more accept- II -
able. ri
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
IO THIRD STREET, M
'San Francisco. fj
j
4142
FRED W. KETTELMAN AND
MISS LOU SMITH TO WED
Marriage of the Stockton Business Man and the Daughter
of Mrs. Julia V. Smith Will Take Place in California
Hotel Parlor in San Francisco on Coming Wednesday
SOCKTON. Dec. 14.— An Interesting
romance ■will terminate ln the
marriage on next ■Wednesday
evening of Miss Lou Fern Smith
of Washington, D. C, and Fred
W. Kettelman of Stockton. The cere
mony Is to be performed ln the parlors
of tiie California Hotel In San Francisco
an.d 'will be followed by a wedding: din
ner. Miss Robinson, a student at Mills
Seminary and a cousin of Miss Smith,
will be the bridesmaid, and Mr. Kahn, a
voung banker of Oakdale and an Intimate
friend of the groom-to-be, will act as
best man. The wedding guests will be
limited to a few relatives and friends.
Miss Smith Is the only daughter of Mrs.
Julia V.- Smith. Since the death of Dr.
Smith, eight years ago, mother and
daughter have traveled extensively. Aside
from the finish which a liberal education
can impart, the youngr lady is possessed
of a natural grace and charm that make
her the popular idol of companions and
friends.
Mr. Kettelman Is the youngest son of
David Kettelman. a pioneer land owner
of San Joaquin County. He holds a posi
tion ln the office of the Sperry Flour
Company.
After th» wedding trip -the young
couple will take up their residence in the
cozy home which has been prepared for
them in this city.
TRAIN-WRECKER
CONFESSES GUILT
Negro Admits That He
Derailed Oregon
Overland.
THE DALLES, Or., Dec. 11— Addisoa
Kidd. a negro, to-day made a confession
before District Attorney Menefee that he
placed the obstruction on the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation track on Decem
ber 8. near this city, which resulted in the
wrecking of the Portland-Chicago special
end the killing of Kngineer Kavanaugh.
Kidd, who has been hold as a witness,
eaid that he alone placed the obstruction
on the track. i
The concession was obtained by Detec
tive Reilly of the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company after a searching
examination, during which Kidd's cool
nerve broke down.
On the afternoon of the wreck Kidd, in
company with another tramp, was picked
up near the scene of the accident and
brought to The Dalles as a witness. On
examination he testified that he : had
heard five tramps, ejected from a freight
train near Celilo, swear vengeance against
the railroad company. He was immedi
ately taken on a special train to Grants
Pass, where he Identified the five tramps
who were arrested and brought to The
Dalles, and who have since been held to
appear before the grand jury.
Sousa and His Band Beturnine.
LONDON. Dec. 14.— Sousa and his band
sanea from Southampton for New York
t hia ay oa board the steamship Philadel-
GEAPE-NTJTS.
GAS AND TROUBLE
Comes From White Bread.
While It Is true that webulld up the
body from food. It Is also true that dif-
ferent kinds of food have different effects
on the body and produce dfferent re-
sults.
For Instance, It la absolutely Impossible
to live on white bread alone, for It con-
tains almost nothing but starch, and an
excess of white bread produces gas and
trouble ln the Intestines, while, at the
same time, the other elements required
by the. body for building up brain and
nerve centers, as well as muscular tissue;
have been left out of the white bread,
and we eee from experience the one try-
ing to live on white bread alone gradually
fails in mental and nervous power as well
as loss ln muscle.
Such a diet could not be kept up long
without fatal results. A lady in Jackson,
ville. Fla., was crippled by an accident
two years a^o. Betas without the power
of exercise, an old stomach trouble that
was hers for years became worse, and ft
was a serious question regarding food that
she could digest
A physician put her on Grape-Nuts
Breakfast Food with some remarkable
results. She says now that, not only Is
Elie able to do a big day's work, because
of the strength of her brain and nerves,
Lut that she has finally thrown away her
crutches because the muscles of her
limbs have gradually grown stronger
since she began, the use of Grape-Nuts,
and now she is practically well and can
iro about without trouble, notwithstand-
ing the fact that it was said she would
never be able to walk again. So much
f or : eating the right kind of food instead
of remaining an invalid and a cripple be-
cause of the lack of knowledge of the
lund of food to use to bring one back to
health. Name given on application to
rostuia CereaJ Co., Ltd., Battle Creek,
YOUNG COUPLE WHO WILL.
WED IN SAN FRANCISCO ON
WEDNESDAY.
HIGHBINDER ADDS
TO DEATH'S LIST
Slays Inoffensive Barber
in His Waverly-Place
Shop.
Quang Sue, a Chinese barber, was shot
and fatally, wounded last evening; by a
Pin Kong Tong highbinder, the victim
dying a ehort time after receiving his
wounds. Four shots were fired at him
while he was standing In his place of
business at 43 Waverly place. All of the
shots took effect. Immediately after fir
ing the fatal shots the murderer tan into
the headquarters of the Pin Kong Tong,
which Is a few doors from the scene of
the shooting, and made his escape. Sue
was "at once removed to the Receiving
Hospital, where he died a short time
after being placed on the operating table.
The dead Chinaman was a member of
the Four Families. With another China
man, also one of the Four Families, he
conducted the barber shop where he was
shot.
Shortly, after 6 o'clock last evening his
partner left the shop to see a friend. Sue
had just shaved a patron when his mur
derer entered the shop and opened fire
-Two of the bullets, whtch were
fired from a 45 Colt revolver, struck
Quang in the breast and the others in the
left side. '
Special Officer George Duffleld was the
first to reach the side of the dying man.
He was; able to speak, but when asked
the name of the man who had shot him
he said he did not know.
As the murdered man stands well with
the Four Families, it is thought they will
lose no time in avenging his death.
_In anticipation of more shooting among
the warring factions Chief Wittman in
creased the force in Chinatown last
CrFEKS ANOTHEE SITE
FOB NEW PESTHOUSE
Board of Public Works Will Estimate
the Cost of Building a
Road.
The special committee for examining
and reporting on suitable sites for a pest
house appeared before the Supervisors'
Health Committee yesterday. The com
mittee recommended a eite lying in a de
pression of the range of hills south of the
Bay View farm and situated at an ele
vation of about 100 feet, facing the bay
between Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth
avenues, south. ?.."..
The site contains ten acres and will be
offered for the sum of $10,000, together
with free right of way for a necessary
road and free use of quarries on the land
The committee expressed in favor of the
site, but before accepting it will direct
the Board of Public Works to make an
estimate of the cost of building a road
from the site to Railroad avenue and also
the cost of bringing, water : for drinking
and other purposes. The owners of the
property will offer a lot on Thirty-second
avenue, between G and H streets, from
which water may be brought.
Inter Nos Circle's Christmas.
Inter Nos. Circle of the Companions of
the Forest of America' had a Christmas
tree party in the social hall of the Alca
zar building last night for members and
their little ones There were many pres
ent and the children had a glorious time
around the tree, which was illuminated
with colored electric lights, and were
made happy by "Papa" Johnson, who, as
Santa Claus. distributed nuts, cakes, can
dies and books to each. There was amuse
ment and dancing for. the adults and &
number of gifts were disposed of.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM/, SUNDAY, DBGBMBEB 15, 1901.
SIGHTS A LARGE
STEAM COLLIER
Vessel Passed by the Se
y quoia May Be tHe >
Matteawan.
Is Seen Traveling Southward
Fifteen Miles Off Cape
Blanco.
ABERDEEN, Wash., Dec. 14.— The
steamer Sequoia, Captain George Winkel,
arrived at this port to-day from San
Francisco and reports having sighted on
Thursday,. December 12, a large steam
collier about fifteen miles off Cape
Blanco, heavily laden and bound south
ward. She was too far off to be recog
nized, but wasjsimilar in size and appear
ance to the Matteawan and Captain Win
kel believes itmight have. been that ves
sel. • • .-.,:■ :-,"•■"
Toilet Sets and Albums
In satin lined- leather and celluloid cases.
Not much cheap stuff, but: great quan
tities of good things at moderate prices.
TV e cordially invite visitors to inspect this
department. Sanborn, Vail & Co 741
Market st. , ,;•
Vaquero Maimed by His Horse.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. H.-Fernando
Fernandez, a vaquero employed at the
San Emldo ranch, sustained a fracture of
both legs by being dashed from a fifteen
foot embankment by a wild horse he was
riding. The accident occurred at 10 o'clock
Thursday morning, but it was not until
late at night that ho was found by a
searching party The injured man was
brought to this city for medical treatment
last night.
++++ HIM m »+++++^++ 4 ♦ ♦ ♦ H ♦■»♦+++'♦♦ H'H ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦"♦■♦'♦ ♦
I A SPLENDID LETTER |
| i — — - — ■. t
I Reprinted Here for the fienefi* of J
X All Sufferers. i
> . ..,,•■■■--••■
f An Interview With the Writer Proves the Wonderful Merit ol Hal- t
4- primer's Medicines lor All Ills and Aches That Come From X
X an Inllamcd Condition ol the Membranes, clc, +
X On the morning of November 16, .1901 , among '
4- the heavy mail which comes to the Halpruner Medi- V.
t cal MTg. Co., 28 Cal. St., was the following lettei : I
„* Gentlemen: I desire to add my testimony to the value of "'
X yOU u ™° nderful remedy. I suffered with a most severe sore throat. I
*» «n, tnat f L feared diphtheria, and was cured in one night by -•
Jrialpruner s. I shall hereafter keep the same in the house and ".
-- take pleasure in recommending it to all my friends. Yours re- X
X s P ectfull y. . GEO. F. SMITH.
■f . \ Pres. Sanitary Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co., '
1l\ , 342 and 344 McAllister St..:S.'F..' Cal. V.
■+■ While it. is not at all unusual to receive many let- V.
4- ters daily highly praising this wonderful medicine, ::
X this letter, coming from a prominent citizen of ithis >
X city, gave evidence: of an interesting story back of it, £::
.| so a visit was paid the Sanitary Cleaning Company at ,: '.
■£ 342 McAllister St., and the following interview with'-" <:
X: the President, Mr. Smith, took place: . ::
X "Mr. Smith, did you 'write this letter?" said the' V.
■f interviewer, showing the original copy of the abo\'c T.
X "Yes, sir, I wrote it." ::
J "What led you to write a letter praising Hal- h*
4.. pruner's Wonderful Medicine — were you asked to i
± doit?" : ■ :;
4& "Certainly not. I_ do not know Dr. Halpruner. I < ►
I wrote that letter because I- felt that 'the medicine de- < I
Z served all the praise that I could possibly give. It al- u'
most saved my life — it cured the worst 'case of sore T*
throat that ■' I ever had, and it cured so quickly and in
JJ such a perfect manner that I can't say enough for this -►
Halpruner Medicine. f it
"I want other sufferers to know how good it is, -
X and I hope you will publish my testimony, so every <-
4^ sufferer from sore throjat can read it and help himself, X
X as I did." ''
4- "How did you come to use this medicine?" <>
X "I was out one afternoon on business and got X
■j caught in the rain. When I got home I had a slight t
4 touch of sore throat, but paid no attention to it. After t
± dinner it became worse, and by 9 o'clock I could X
X hardly swallow. . - ~+
■X "My wife was reading the . paper during the t
j morning and noticed Halpruner's advertisement for X
4- sore throat, and I continued to get worse and she sent X
T» oiit to the druggist's for a bottle. As soon as she got -
V* the medicine she made up a gargle and I took it I
hk also rubbed somo of the medicine on the outside of '*
«J my throat and when I went to bed wrapped a piece -»
of flannel about my neck and saturated it with Hal- *'
4- pruner's; about this I wrapped a towel. I went right ■>
t off to sleep and when I awoke my throat was per- «*
X fectly well." ' : ;i: ::
y "And you attribute this cure to the use of Hal-
h" pruner's?" . %
,V- "Oh, I am stire of it. I have had sore throats be- *
4- fore and used all sorts of remedies, but never got ?
1 over it in less tjian two or three days. I am sure Hal- i
::; fixed me." • •; • ;:: 4
X "Do you take it for anything else besides sore 4
X throat?" 4
X "Well, I generally enjoy pretty fair health and 1
4. don't need; much medicine, but I gave - some of 4
X it to one of my men for. his cold and it cured" him 1
X right up within a few hours. Halpruner's is all right, 4
4. and I am glad to tell what I positively know to be -
X true about it." " ; '
t TRIAL TREATMENT FREE. ]
T _. Jo P rovc the remarkable merit of his ' wonderful medicine t
Dr. Halpruner Rives trial treatments free every afternoon be- >" '
4. tween 1 and 4 o'clock, except Saturdays and Sundays, af his of- - ►
4- fice, third floor. 28 California fit. Telephone consultation also "
X;"- free. Bush 46.3. * . • . . --
1 iiblprurier^ I
X All druKRists should sell Halpruner's-^-if yours refuses to "'•
i supply you the Halpruner Medical MTg. Co., Inc. 1 , 28 California T
j- : St., San Francisco, will send you a large bottle by 'prepaid ex- +
*Z pressage on receipt of $1.00.. ' . j . ■ i
CARNEGIE COIN
MAY CO BEGGING
President Roosevelt Will
Decline a Bond
Donation.
Legislators Object to Certain
..Conditions of the
Gift.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— It is said to
be definitely , decided that President
Roosevelt will not • accept the offer of
Andrew Carnegie of . $10,000,000 bonds . of
the United States Steel Corporation for
the purpose of founding an institution for
higher education in .this city, s • ..
The views of prominent Senators and
Representatives, as they have been given
to the President. - are practically unani
mous against the acceptance of the offer
in its present shape. * The provision at
tached to the offer. that the Government
shall hold the bonds, for a term of. years
ls ™ c . onsldered especially objectionable.
The President, however, is very hopeful
that an adjustment ■< can be made by
wh ch Carnegie will convert the bonds
which he tendered into cash or United
States bonds, and that the gift can then
be accepted in that. shape.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— Andrew Carne
gie, on being asked about the $10,000,000
gift which he has offered to the Govern
ment for a national university, said:
"That Washington matter will come out
all right. If I had to sell these bonds
myself I would have.no trouble in getting
the money for them. There will be no
trouble about the Washington matter,
mark my. words." ... ;
% Copies of the great Christmas edi
tion can be obtained from all agents,
newsdealers, newsboys and .at tlis
Business Office of this paper.
••©de©0©©#0©00©0000000000000000000009G00000900©OSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
j? Jg^, A \i JE^^^^F^ J^^^^^^O JS*» JhJl JL. \|
9 A INi fj =
5 * re caused by the stomach being too weak to digest o
2 Mftil| the food taken into it, and if not promptly attended to g
© j|fl| may become chronic and result fatally. This need g
§ ,,^^^^^^^ not be ' nowever ' as there is a remed y» discovered over g
8 5° years ago, that will strengthen your j tomach and fi
I WM i^@M®S cure these diseases. We refer to 3
! This wonderful medicine is prescribed and recommended by many physicians!
| and druggists throughout the country and a fair trial will certainly convince you&
| that it is the best in the world. |
• DR. S. W. KELLENS, BIRDSEYE, IND., says: "I could not consistently practice J
% medicine without Hostetter's Stomach Bitters." J
© MR. M. GOLDSMITH, CAMDEN, N. J., says: "I never hesitate In'recommending •
J Hostetter's Stomach Bitters as an appetizer, a tonic and a preventive of many §
© Complaints." . ©
S«00090©0©OO3©©OOO©OO0O0'©©O©©©©OOO©©OO©08«©O00e©©0C©00O00O0eOOO0000O
!
HOTEL ABBIVALS. ■
KSTSSSii
? Srneas^nfor^ f Tca'rSnt^Bang
J Buck. Red Bluff H R WaUace&w.Napa
& &5SS2&. B s S S»
T E McNamara. Iowa M Shaw. Sacto
m™ RMweMinirt8£! r8r I'wpSiKr
ADaviln NY c w Bro w?j' Chu£go
w La Bewe & w. Chr. AH Budlon'r. Cl^o
A McAndrewB. S Louis F HSheldon & l, Chff
ji"rom1(&^London j Han^'c^rfaiu
J i. Lon*. Reno NT Kelly. Denver
L Redemeyer. Reno c Sather. Needles
B W AUe O n& w! n pinole A T^rkTsSlt Lrte
E F Mitchell & w. sac N c Graves. E Oak
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
1 AjihS Eureka ' b"
WP?lce Eureka . A E olA^y vSuvr
J Maloy' Boston F E Carleton, Seattle
J w Rowden. Boston w McMillan Buriingm
G "W Parks, St Louis C I Meiggs. N Orleans
V . . . -
FOR WEAK MEN
If You Really Want to Be Cured Now Is Your Opportunity—Nature's Remedy*
A New and Successful Treatment for Weak Men, Young Men,
a Middle-Aged Men/Old Men.
,/J
STORED ELECTRICITY. ALWAYS CHARGED READY FOR USE.
No burning —no blistering —no skin poisoning —no charging the batteries with dangerous acids. A dry, |k
soothing current applied direct to the nerve centers controlling the nervous system. Even the very worst cases
find a cure under .my wonderful MAGNO-MEDICINAIj TREATMENT. All diseases that affect the ner-
vous system or caused by impurity of the blood are speedily and permanently cured. f
For the purpose of popularizing my wonderful MAGNO-ELECTSO treatment, I am going to send to
each sufferer who writes to me at once my NEW MAGNO APPLIANCE absolutely without any cost FREE AS
THE AIR YOU BREATHE. All I ask in return is that you recommend my appliance to your friends and neigh-
bors when you are cured. " y 4
Are you a strong, vigorous, manly man? If not, .write for my ELECTRO-MAGNO APPLIANCE to-
day. Send your name and full particulars of your case. It matters not what you have tried, how many electric
belts you have worn without relief, my new method Tvill cure you. . '
Why suffer from WASTED VITALITY or any form of NEBVOTTS ORGANIC DISEASES when mv
MAGNO-feLECTRO APPLIANCE will restore the declining forces to the strength and vigor of robust manhood?
Cures permanently all NESVOUS and SEXUAL DISEASES—LIVER, KIDNEY and STOMACH
TROUBLES,^ RHETTMATISM, VARICOCELE, CATARRH v of the BLADDER, INTlImMATION of
FBOSTATE GLAND, Spermatorrhoei. Nervous Debility. Nocturnal Emissions, Losses, Drains of any de-
scription, Weak Back, Skin Diseases. Blood Poison, Neglected or Badly Treated Cases of Gleet Stricture
;Rheumatism, Pam-in_Back. -.Spinal;Disease, Constipation. Asthma. Lack of Nerve Force and Vigor. Sexual'
Exhaustion, General Debility. Urinary Diseases, Insomnia (sleeplessness). Paralysis, Nenralgia, Lumbago, Piles
Bnght's Disease, Catarrh. Indigestion. Weakness, Sciatica. Gout and Headache
, , My wonderful MAGNO-KLECTRO has astonished the'world Thousands of sufferers
have^lready been cured, why not you? . No tedious waiting for renewed health and strength. My appliance
o[ cost »on't Send Any Money.
Address r If Ur. J. a. DtLEXfl, No. 40 Ellis St., S. F. *
':..'" Wi °'"rtCB HOV'f9 ' » TO O, 7 TO a. SUHDATSr'tO TO *3.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
&i5SSS"'SBX fSffiSaSSSit
1
F l Smith, s Jos, j warned. Nebr
■ • ■
.
Candle Sticks
„ .Oocta a^d
Candle Vases. Ortiaments etc.. to be seen
ln this city. The public'is cordially In
v^0" to inspect this department. San
born, Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
■ m ■
Mrs. Roosevelt Holds Beception.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.—Mrs. Roose
vej t g aVe her first public reception at tho
White House this afternoon from 3 to 5
o'clock. Surrounded by the ladies of tha
Cabinet, she received in the Green parlor.
The mafIn6 ban^^Isc°ur*d muslc fOT
the occasion. Ndtwlthstandlng the In
clement weather, there was a steady
stream of callers throughout the recep
1 tion.
SELECT ABBITERS FOB
lobos cbeeb: question
Supervisors' Health Committee Agree*
to Selection of Two Experts by
Engineer Schussler
Chief Engineer Schussler of the Spring
Valley Water Company sent a communi
cation yesterday, to the Supervisors'
Health Committee suggesting the name*
of Dr. Moffett of this city and Professor
Stlllmann of Stanford University as ex
perts to examine the condition of the
waters of Logos Creek. Schussler said
the pumps would be stopped until Febru
ary 1 and thought the examination should
cover a period of thirty days.
Chairman D' Ancona said that the exam
ination should cover a longer period
through both wet and dry seasons. Th«
experts recommended by Schussler are
satisfactory to the committee, but the
matter will be in abeyance until Febru
ary 1. 1902.MAIL STEAMSHIP ALAMEDA
SAILS FOR HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
lakes Away an Unusually Heavy Freight Cargo and but Few Pas
sengers — Wreckers Buoy the Remains of^the San Rafael, but
President Stetson Is Not Yet . Satisfied—^Hospital for- Samoa
WRECKERS AT WORK XOCATING THE REMAINS OF THE SAN RA
FAEL. THE DIVER SATS THE HULL IS IN THE POSITION INDI
CATED, BUT PRESIDENT STETSON IS DOUBTFUL.
p'lrv^ HE Oceanic Steamship Company's
1 1 Alameda Balled for Honolulu yes
11 terday promptly at 2 p. m. There
Jl waa nota big crowd down to see
her away, as travel to the Islands
is lijrht at this time of the year. She,
however, took away an unusually heavy
cargo and a considerable quantity of the
coeds offering had to be left behind for
the next steamer.
The Alameda 1b scheduled to sail from
Honolulu on the return trip on Christmas
day. but the chances are that in order to
avoid trouble of leaving on a holiday of
such character the vessel will sail from
Honolulu on Christmas eve and the pas
sengers will have their festival aboard.
Special preparations have been made for
viie occasion and Christmas day in the
S^-opicB aboard the Oceanic Steamship
company's Alameda will long be remem
bered.
The cabin passengers who went away
on the Alameda are:
Mrs. "W. D. Alexander, J. B. Atherton, Mrs.
Atfaerton, Miss E. Bevans, A. \V. Bottomiey,
J. J. Conner. Miss M. Corbett, Mrs. H. D.
Couzens. J. M. Fuller, Miss E. Gay, J. J. GU
raore. Mrs. Gilmore, J. Gorevan. Sam Gos
linsky Mrs. W. M. Graham. Master Graham,
M. Green. W. F. Hall, Mrs. Hall. A. Haaeltoa.
P. Hoffman, H. C. Horton, Mrs. C. J. Hutch-
Jrs. Miss Hatchlns, Joseph Hyman, Miss N. M.
Kitchen. Robert Lougher. W. F. Love, E. Mad
den, Mrs. Madden and child. J. M. McChesney,
Mrs. Mc^hetrldse. C. H. Moore. Missis Mor- <
pan, E. E. Paxton. C E. Pope, Miss M. Pope,
G. F. Rankin, Miss Reynolds, Mrs. W. H.
Shipman. Miss Cora Ehipman, F. C. Smith, A.
H. P. Stoneham, Mrs. Stoneham. J. A. Temple,
V. C. Weedon. H. A. Weiss. Mrs. Weiss and
Miss Annie M. Whitrty.
LAI* RAFAEL IS BUOYED.
Diver Goes Down and Positively Lo
cates Wreck.
There is now no doubt that the wreck
of the ferry steamer San Rafael has been
located. Yesterday Diver Ben Newman
went down, and on coming to the sur
face again said the grappling iron was
fast to the pilot-house and that the ves
sel was on her side. Red paint from the
paddle wheels were on his diving boots
and blue and white paint was on his suit.
When three of Crowley's -launches went
out early yesterday morning there .was
aboard besides President J. B. Stetson of
the North Pacific Coast road several of
the directors of the road and the wreck
ing crew. At slack water the diver went
down and on his Teturn to the surface
made the foregoing report. Mr. Stetson
was not satisfied, however, and the diver
was given a knife and sent down to cut a
sliver from the hulL By. this time the
tide was running strong and Newman
could not even reach the hull. After be
ing down a few minutes he reported that
the grappling iron had pulled away and
that he could not reach the wreck again.
A 500-pound anchor has been put down to
locate the spot, however, and to-morrow
the diver will go down again and bring
up the silver that will convince President
Stetson that the wreck has been located.
It is the intention of the company to
raise her_if possible, but as she is down
more than 100 feet there will be some
trouble in the operation.
Will Carry a Curious Cargo.
Among the vessels that must have been
caught ln the northwester Is the schooner
Winchester. She is now out nine dayB from
San Francisco for Portland and should
have been heard from. On her arrival on
the Columbia River she will take aboard
a hospital for Samoa. This hospital, to
gether with its equipment, is being con
structed on an order from Gustav Kunst
of the big exporting firm of Kunst &
Albers. Mr. Kunst recently purchased
the home of the late Robert Louis Stev
enson ln Samoa and resides in that beau
tiful land for a portion of the year. Since
his residence there Mr. Kunst has become
very kindly disposed toward the gentle
South Sea Islanders around whom Stev
enson has woven such a halo of poetry
and romance, and it Is to show his good
will for them that he is making them a
present of this hospital. All of the work
POSTUM CEEEAL.
QUAINT PHILOSOPHY
In an Advertisement.
When a nan acts as he believes the
Infinite within him would have him act,
he draws power to himself from unseen
sources; that power may be shown in
many ways.
Things work smoother, plans carry out,
people begin to cay, "lucky"; "he's a
winner"; "everything he touches suc :
cceds," etc.
"Ever try it? If you ever do, you will
agree that It is the greatest proposition
en earth.
There is a marvelous potency behind
the man who acts in a simple, straight-
forward way, as near as he knows, in ac-
cordance with the promptings of that in-
visible Deity within.
■M^ This should teach him that great and
honorable -work Is "ahead; Man at once
the tool and a part of the master work-
man.
The tool must not be dulled and ruined
by bad food, tcbacco, whisky, coffee, etc.
You question Including coffee among
"bad habits." None of these habits arc
bad habits unless they weaken or lessen
the clenn-cut power of the Individual.
If they do, quit them. If food and drink
are not well selected, change. Put your
machine in clean, first class shape. It is
the purpose of this article to suggest a
way to keep the bedy well^so It can carry
orst the behest of the mind. ,
A sure and safe start in the right direc-
tion is to adopt Grape-Nuts Food for
*very morning's breakfast. It is deli-
clous, predigested, highly nourishing and
will rut one far along toward doing his
best in life's work.
Follow this with abandonment of cof-
fee if it dees not agree with you and take
in place of It Postum Cereal Food Cof-
fee for Its regenerating and vitalizing
nourishment.
i| With a wise selection of food and drink
Pr.an can quickly place himself in shape
<vhere the marvelous Directing Power
•rtll use him for some 'good- and worthy.
purpose. „ •
SeEse. just plain, common sense.
except putting the frame together and ad
justing the doors, windows, beds, etc.?
E,lh be in Portland and the
Duildlng will gb forward In "knockdown"'
i* pe U »^ fte l r the hospital has been put
*?°"f Mr Kunst will load general mer
chandise if there is any room left
Water Front Notes.
The name of the lad who was lost from
the Al-Kl last month at Wrangel, Alaska,
was George Freeman. A letter received
in this city yesterday says George ran
away from home and shipped on the
fht^w" 1 **. at Seattle - He told, the crew
Wnrir« « h c me 3 s near the Union Iron
S ln Sfn Francisco. There are tw<*
F Ju?, an , s llvlns near" the works.- but
away b kn0WS an >' thIn E about the run-
sWnr^,n C< Pryor of the Oceanic Steam-
Alar,& ny f Was marri *<i to Miss Helen
Marchand last evening. The many friends
him^oo^S maD a " 3 ° lned Swishing,
in^^Si 10^ 1 C^ y , came ln last evening
tL 6 ! 00^ 31 " 011 - The crosshead of
the engine broke and she had to. make
w% Hi m0S *, entIrel y V°der sail. Repairs
thl m £f,i as <l ulckl y a s Possible 'arid
rSJ essel xnn so out probably on time.
The transport Hancock" wil sail to-mor-
The Leyland Brothers has been sur
veyed and will probably discharge here
and be overhauled. -. ,
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Maria Nanalmo Dec 15
S. Portland.. Seattle ....... • Dec. 15
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. IK
Crescent City Crescent City Dec 16
Edith Seattle Dec. 16
Pomona. Humboldt .•: Dec. 1«
Leelanaw N. Y. via Panama...... Dec. 16
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports... Dec- 10
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Dec 1<5
Strathgyle... Hongkong v. San Diego Dec. 10
G. Dollar.... San Pedro ...:..•...... Dec. 17
North Fork.. Humboldt Dec. 17
Coptic China & Japan ,,.Dec, 17
Empire Coos Bay ......:.....-. Dec' 17
Washtenaw . .' T&coma I ; Dec. 18
Tucapel. . , . . . Valparaiso & Way Ports Dec. 18
Umatilla. ... . Puget Sound , Ports. .... Dec 18
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma...... Dec. IS
Sequoia. ..... Grays Harbor . * . .- Dec. -'18
Eureka ; Humboldt j^. Dec-, m
Progxeso Seattle ...^...- Dec. 10
Hyades Seattle. Dec'lfl
Rival; WUlapa- JIarbor ";...... Dec. '19
San Juan Panama & Way Ports. Dec. - 19
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec; 19
Corona Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 19
Point Arena. Point Arena .. .. :.. Dec. 10
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way .Ports Dec. 22
City of Puebl Pug-et Sound Ports . . . . t Dec ' 23
Santa Ana. .. Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 23
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Dec. 25
Xlc&ria Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec. 25
Herodot Hamburg & Way Pcrta. Dec. 26
Curacao..... Mexican Ports.... ; Dec.' 27
Australia Tahiti : Dee.- 27 <
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
December IS.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Santa Hoe a San Diego & "Way.-. 9 am Pier 11
December 17.' ' • • '
G. Dollar. . Grays Harbor. ...... 5 pm Pier 2
Mandalay. . Coquille River 10 am Pier 2
Walla Wai. Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier U
December 18.
Iaqua Humboidt 4 pm Pier
Pomona. . . . Humboldt ....... ,\ . 1 :30 p Pier . 9
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor '5 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way.. 8 am Pier 11
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
December 1O.
Kmpire Coos Bay ■. 9 am Pier 13
Peiu China & Japan.... .. 1 pm PMSS
December 20.
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
December 21. •
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma. .. 5 pm Pier 8
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd 12 m Pier -13
Corona 'Newport & Way. ... 9 am Pier 1 1
Point. Arena Point Arena ....'... 2 pm Pier 2
Eequola Grays Harbor ...... 5 pm Pier 2
J. Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma. . . 10 am Pier 2
December 22. . j • • ••
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way. . 9 am Pier 11
Rival ■» Willapa Harbor 0 pm Pier 2
Umatilla... Pu?et Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
December S!t.
Leelanaw.. N. Y. via Panama.. 2,pmPlerlO
Tucapel.... Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
December 2C. , - ■ .-
Sonoma.... Sydney & .Way Pts. 1 10 am Pier 7
FROM SEATTLE
Steamer. For.' I Sails..
Ell Thompson Cooks Inlet & Way Pts .-j Dec. 15
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports.'JDec. 10
City Seattle.. Skagway& Way" Ports'. ("Dec." 18
City of Topek Skagway & Way Ports. (Dec. 21
Dlrlgo Skagway & Way Ports. (Dec. 22
Excelsior.... Cocks Inlet & Way l'ts.JDec. 29
Sun, Moon and. Tide.
United States Coast and I Geodetic Survey— '
| Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to SaD
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. '
NOTE— The high and lor/ waters occur r.t
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the eame at both places.
SUNDAY, TJECEMBER 15.
San rises 7:18
Sun sets ' 4:52
Moan eeta »:&} p. m.
D ITinc Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft Ft.
• H W L. W H W L W
15^ 3:0C 4.9 7:49 3.2 1:31 5.0 8:22 0.1
US 3:41 5.O 8:S1 2.S 2:31 4.7 9:06 0.5
IT 4:21 5.110:03 2.4 3:44 4.3 8:57 .1.1)
18 5:00 5.3 11:11 2.0 6:06 4.0 10:52 1.4
19 5:41 5.5 12:14 1.3 C:30 3.0 11:43 1.8
20 C:2S 5.8 1:18 0.C 7:55 4.0
L. \V H W L W H W
SI I 0:44 2.1 7:15) 6.0 2:14—0.1 0:07 4.1
N^TE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the laBt. tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are ln
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
piv%n Is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
Ui« lower low waters. •- i ■ ••.-.-■..•
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
December 14. 1901. .
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building: was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
I. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or, at -9
p m.. Greenwich mean time. "
W. !L STANDLET,
Lieutenant U. S. Navy, . in Charge. ;
WilWa OF TEE OCEAN.
MatteVs of Interest to ariners and
■ Shipping Merchants.
The ship Kenilworthhas been chartered prior
to arrival for wheat at Tacoma for Europe.. 35s.
i The British steamer Oceano will load supplies
THE SAN FBA^CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15^ 190 1.
at Seattle for Manila, chartered prior to arrival
by United States Government.
The British steamer Salfordla is chartered for
wtneat at Tacoma for St. Vincent for orders,
with option of United Kingdom or Continent.
excluding Bordeaux . and Rouen, 33s 3d, \ prior
to arrival." . , .. ■ . . ;
The brig Tanner'-loads lumber at Blakeley
for Honolulu..' - ■x-JT : ■ ■ .
The British* mark* Elizabeth Nicholson will
load lumber at- Vancouver tor Shanghai (own
er's account).
Wheat t or Europe. <
The German.^hip'Hfehrlette was cleared yes
terday for' Queenstown, ;fpr orders, with 50,200
ctls-Seheat, value$ rat ' $C2^t7,0. ana 18,000 ft
lumber as dunnage, valued at $254. > :
A Cargo 1 for New York.
The steamer' American 'was cleared yester
dayilor. New Tork witli' a large cargo of pro
duce and merchandise- laden -at this port. The
cargo included : the foIlowiiigS "
38,425 cs. canned fruit, 21,577 cs canned sal
mon, 200,000 ft Jumber, 1300 ctls rye, 12,000
ctls barley, .770 sks/ beans, -.7 cs cotton goods,
12C6 bbls afiphaltum, 80 cs fir balsam, 57 rolls
roofing, 3032. felts mustard seed, 351 csks 250 bbls
oil, 44 pkgsV herbs, 17,141 sks prunes, 21 iron
columns, 17 ptfgs machinery, 320 cs honey.
In addition to^ the abore. the steamer carried
the following cargo,, which \ was laden at
Seattle: "•;•.«>■...■■.•■ . # •
oaI 7 ' 2 H cs canned salmon, \ 5814- pkgs lumber,
,2°? % cs lioney and 48 cs surgical Instruments.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
>■■ >«? '"« Sahirday, December 14. '
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridget t.- 82 hours from
Ventura. ." -v, vi\ ■ . l ■-
Stmr; Del Nor te, Green, 36 hours from Cres
cent City. • ,-- ■ : .-. .'■■■::
i .Stmr - Kuth.. | Weber, ' 12 hours" from Bo wens
Landing; -bound so'utjr; put in for orders. - - '
.Stmr Scotia, Walvig,-ll- hours from Bowen*
Landing. . - J$* >►:..>.
Stmr Samoa, Hansen, 14 hours from Caspar;
bound for San Pedro'^put In. for-' passengers.
Stmr Newburg, Petersoi^i C9 hours from
Grays Harbor; • > -
'Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, 55 hours from Wilr
lai>a Harbor. S ■ , . : .•.
Stmr South Portland, Sears, 100 hours from
Tacoma. •„ "-
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, 67 hourg
from Kan Pedro; In tow tug Rescue.
, Schr John -A, NiHson, 0 days from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 19 hours from
Fort Brag?. •-' . . - r
\ r CLEARED.' ,.\.V ... .
' ■' Saturday, December 14. '.:;
Stmr Alameda, Herriman, Honolulu; J''D
Si>recksl & Bros Co.
Stmr Santa Ana-. Strand, Seattle ; E T
Kruse.
Stmr 'Alliance.. Hardwlcfc; Portland and As
toria; Gray Steamship Co. ■■-■ ' ■ 1
■^tmr -Columbia, Doran, "Astoria; .Oregon
Railroad and Nav Co. ." . ■ ■
Stmr American, .Morrison, New York; Wil
liams, Dimond &» Co. . ■• '
Bark CD Bryant, Colly, Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dimond & Co. ■•. . ■ ' i
Ger shiD» Henriette, Wetnberg, Queenstown:
Glrvln & Eyre. ■ '
. • .... V . . ' SAILEP. ■; . ... .
Saturday, December 14.
Stmr Navarro.^Olsen, Usal. ■'_:; '-• •
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Pedro. ■" ' •
Stmr Santa Ana, Strand Seattle.
Stmr Samoa, • Hansen. , San Pedro.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwlck, Astoria and way
Ports. ...
Stmr Alameda, Herriman. Honolulu. ■• r
Stmr. Columbia, Doran, Astoria. !
.Stmr Point -Arena, Hansen, Mendocino. .
Stmr Ruth, Weber, Westnort. : ■
.Stmr Arcata. Nelson, Coos Bav. •-, V; . .'
Br ship Pega&us, Moulton, Queenstown, '
Nor bark : Heresf ord. Jensen, Antwerp. •
Br bark Dunearn, Gill, Queenstown;
Kchr Alcalde, Anderson, Grays Harbor.-- :
Schr Archie and Fontie, Skipper,' Stewarts
Point." •-,•■,-.-•• - : ... r - . -• :.* -.:•■ •".. •
Schr Albion.VLarsen. Slv slaw River. ;•, .
-.' , ' MISCELLANEOUS.' '.i.~i\\ ' . -
ABERDEEN,. Dec 14— Stmr Sequoia, at this
port -from Sati- Francisco, reports Dec 13, at
noon,' stroke Br ship William: Mitchell.: from
Cape ' Town', 145 days out, . and reported hav
ing been . oft Columbia River bar for thlrtr
five'days, short of coal oil and. some fresh pro
visions. Wants tugboat .to come. and. tow her
to river. Vessel too foul to get up.. -.-,•> .-■!•'
. »' . ' :; ■- MEMORANDUM. ■-. ■'-"-- " ■. fl
Per ■ Btmr 'Kational City — De<J 14, 12 miles
north Point ■ Reyes,' broke crosshead. Garni
In. under one enrlne. • . r-. ~, .. :.'••■ " •' '
.--•;." 'TELEGRAPHIC.'. ••:.-"' "4
POINT LOBOS, Dec 14. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 8 miles. :
: . >**.*. ; - " - ' CORRECTION..,- •,-.; -,. j-'^ :
SAN ' PEDRO — Reported arrival * of schr
Marion Dec 9 was an error. Vessel has not
as yet arrived. <- ..
DOMESTIC PORTS. ' .;
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed Dec 14 — Schr Com-
peer, for San F.rancUco.
-PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Dec 14— Ship
Kenllworth, from Sourabaya.
Sailed Dec 14— Schr. Salvator, for Balina
Cruz. ■ •
SEATTLE — Sailed Dec 14^ — Stmr Dolphin,
for Skasway; stmr Coronado, for Grays Har
bor. - ■'
Arrived Dec 14 — Stmr Elihu Thomson, from
Valdez.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Dec 14— Stmr Grace
Dollar, for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Dec 14— Bktn J
M Griffith, for San Francisco. «
HUBNEME — Pasped Dec 14. at 12 noon—
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHAT GOES UP
Must Come Down.
Nothing is~ more certain' than that the
use of so-called r tonics, stimulants and
medicines,. which depend upon alcohol for
their effect, . r is Injurious to health in the
leng: run. . "H. .•:-
■ What goes up mast tjome down and the
elevation of spirits', th«' temporary exhil-
aration "resulting from k dose of medicine
containing. alcphoK will certainly be fol-
lowed -in a few hours by a corresponding
depression to relieve,' which. another dose
must be taken. .';■.'•'■." : - ;
• In other wJpnJs, many liquid patent med-
icines deriye'thelr -effect entirely from
the alcohol they\ contain: ' ;■
. Alcohol and* medicines containing It are
temporary stimulants .and not In any
sen^e a true tonic* In fact it is doubtful
if any medicine. or, drug is a real tonic' -'
A true tonic fs sbmething which will re-
new," replenish, .build -up the exhausted
nervous system: ajid wasted tissues of the
body; something. that will enrich the blood
and endow it with the proper proportions
of red and white corpuscles, which pre-
vent' or destroy' disease germs. This ; is
what a real tonic should do and no drug
or alcoholic Btimulant will do it.
The only true tonic ln nature is whole-
some food, thoroughly digested. Every
particle of nervous energy, every minute
muscle, fiber and drop of blood is created
dally from the food we digest. ' •
The. mere eating of food has little to do
with the repair of waste tissue, but the
perfect digestion of the food eaten has
everything to do with it.
The reason so few people have perfect
digestion is because from wrong.habits of
living the stomach has gradually lost'the
power to secrete the gastric juice, pep-
tones and acids ln sufficient quantity, j
To -. cure . indigestion ' and . Stomach
troubles It is necessary to take 'after
meals some " harmless preparation which
will supply the natural peptone and dias-
tase which every, weak stomach ; lacks,
and probably the best, preparation of this
character is Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets,
which may be found' in every drug store
and : which contain; in pleasant S palatable
form the wholesome .'peptone and diastase
which nature requires for prompt- diges-
tion. , -.■•■. . .v ;
One or two of these excellent: tablets
taken after meals will" prevent souring,
fermentation and acidity. and Insure com-
plete digestion and assimilation. "■ , •
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tabletsare equally
valuable for little, children' as for adults,
as they contain nothing harmful or stim-
ulating, but only the; natural digestives.
One of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets .will
digest 1800 grains of meat, eggs or > other
wholesome food, and they, are in every
sense a ; genuine tonic because they, .bring:
about in the only/natural way' a restora-
tive of nerve power, a building up of lost
tissue- and' appetite, in the; only way. it
can -be done by the digestion and assimi-
lation Of wholesome food..
IM Not' toy bureaus, -.,•'""■• ■ • - ■ ■■.•.:■■.■..•.-.'■'" ; . .-.•-•:•... / . ■'■■.••' ■ -.: .-■>-'-. _ ti ji
H : but bureaus for use l rff HrH^B^QBKBSH SkO CO II rl
Bl-solid .ones— . | ■.■_'_j : : _^_'^___ ' ' ' " ' ; '■'■ '' ** ■■'■■■»-■' ''■'■ ■"■■ - : :\..- :■-.:.'. '":":■ "... ■ : ■•P"'^" ' | tJ
H just as nicely as eg »-'-• •■.••■ - • ..' • , ' . ■ . . '. CJ velours; so inches I b\
: . , , .j'T*':.:. _' ? — ~~~ 7". \ ,.-■• ' — I — [ ; — . ~~ — ■'.'■. ' * j — j — '"- •* >
The top Is extra wide (19x22 inches) ! i^^^^S0BS^m I 11 ii I
and made of real mahogany, with an • f, |g^»W^|gS.^<tvv-P fIS£^-* f *^^ a ''' Hn ' 1^ r *^^ ' \U — -=^- IS - sr= ' f;
inlaid line of holly, wood around the .. ; % $ ' ' ■ 'il'l I'* . V ■' ■ ?' .-I ' "•'■_■ .' '-i^\f : - == m 2=P^^~^ i a
Sh^wn 'with '"cushion and tassels in \' : >Gn ' Kl- '■ ' ■ " ' II ' ■*& ■ ■ ' n ,, M i — '!•*«—" I
the picture,: but the. price does not In- ... | ■ k| . • ; ■» 1 a . ' ' '. ■ - - *"^ a^r=^^HLs^~'- v\
Just the thing for your, friend's, par- '»' , % * 1 —'if- — ' — : — la ~ I ' j — ~ (j \ ' ?
lor. She'll long remember'-the loving y i ff . - — — - ' IB * i t ' * .. -
ch^£ B ™" on^? v ™ n^ py ,'■ I -|, — ... '- r^_~r . . "■' f \i GOLDEN OAK DESK
g- -_ .-— 2 — . a - / . § . ■ ... • .. . V- , •!' ■ _ • ■ .pft.fj
1 1 VOfl '&% "■■'.S-N^Xv -^ , '. UfPttV TiTV7iTI fin Frtnch^^eMegs.^tronS^ubTun-
ra JL^/JL-JE^ *'!?£&■'■■ - ■-■' ' • rl Wil>y i 1/1 YClii J31\J,\J\J tial. well finished and has the usual
Et <^ng55sg5S5S^5i^B^SWa5SSB? > - t\'<,\ * j , ,' « ', ■'"'■' complement of pisrebnholes inside.
m .i I' ■ .Upholstered in new velours stripes or flowered patterns— the prettiest and bright- We show nearly 100 new stvlea of
12 fyag=_^-ir- I est you ve ever seen. ;- - - , parlor desks this week-bright and
1 -W^iH IP" F~ I i 1 V, . Full clipper edge. - . • =- • pretty as holly berries. ■.
I pi^^s^ ;; 4 I ADINNEfiSET I
■ " -)■ ' ~~ ■-. - - ■ . ■ '?>' ; . ' • -nutft. ' '' . ; ' - ' "...'•-- ■:, - ' ; <5 ■ ■ <
. ■ . . *v«J7 1VAU1 £vtl| V/[J^IU^llc lflL/\lllj>lCr. .■ fi^^T^^'T^^TT^^^fl^
T.J* ;' - ' ~-r-— ~- :; -^S - t^^^^^^^^fcS^" "U T e have eighteen special bargains * • • DAW fACF
lii^^iiltgii 1 :^7~m . o ""-'° m " fc - B00K CASE
What' mother has been wanting for ¥ 6 F ' yOUF - three- C ■ ' CT . / C^
11 ? ;; year-old^eii^Splid|| j. DrcttV LaHlD 2blU*DU
This^one is made of polished golden ,^> 0 ik . CcbbleP. Seat . ' ' ■*"*- JCA WHJT l-iVt*ll|# *f*^-*rw*r^
°\u000fl^i^wiP\?Too^^\Sn '''■'- '■■^6e^er t - • • ■ - . ' Banquet Earnps. with decorated Polished quarter-sawed oak; a snarl-
S from soon' French 'S '■'-' V ' ' 9-inch globes to match, Rochester ln? griffin's head carved in the top; 65
beveled Simr SS inc'hM™ ■ C1AO ' burners. . inchla high. 30 inches wide. Bookcases
b Not ed ou? ! 7h^^^ . $1.00 ' •:; : ; • . Won are g T b 4 e - and Chri3tmas wUI brlns
the best one in / San Francisco for . " . ■ . '. • i&LiVV ' ." > more bcoks.
J518.OO. Then, credit for full measure. . A ]_ ■ ■ ■ ' ■ ' __ Q Q - ■ - - -' « ~__ ,
1 I a D r 1 I PAY IN JANUARY AND FEBRUARY AND MARCH I 1 Dn)F DA rKS 1 I
\| I A-wa 7 , Acceptable. QPEN EVERY EVENING T:LL CHRISTMAS ' f h ' ; den - " ' | I
Stmr Leelanaw, from Panama, for San Fran
° GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 14— Stmr
Sequoia, hence Dec 0. - "• :" • . -
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Dec 14— Stmr
South Bay. for . San Francisco.
% CRESCENT CITY — Sailed Dec 14. at 5 p m
— Stmr Crescent City, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived . Dec 14 —
Stmrs Navarro and oualala, hence Dec 13.
FORT BP.AGG— Acrlveff. Dec 14— Stmr Fui
ton, hence Dec 13. ' * . ' '
Sailed. Dec'14-^-Stmr Fulton, for Portland.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 14 — Stmr Pomona,
hence Dec • 13. i • ' ■ " • _■ ' ' ' „
Sailed Dec 14-r-Schr .Hilary Brihne. < for San
Francisco; schr Oceana "Vance, for San Pedro
ASTORIA— Sailed Deo 14— Stmr Elmore, for
• Arrived' Dec 14 — Stmr San Pedro, 'hence
Sailed Dec 14 — Danish bark Prinsesse Marie.'
and Fr bark . Grande Duchesse OlKa, for
Queenstown.' ■ ~- ' ' ■ '
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dec It- Schr Mabel
Gray, for Eureka. 1 . ' . " • ■ •• '; • '
PORTLAND — Arrived Dec 14 — Stmr Knight
Companion, from. Yokohama:, bark. Asle, "from'
1 Sailed Dec 14— Bark .Francois ' Conoe.e. for
Queenstown; bark Henriette, for Falrnouth. H
TACOMA -r Arrived Dec 14— Stmr , Elihu
Xmas
Presentf
At Cut Ratesft'
':■. , We Carry a Large .
Assortment for Selection.
Perfume Atomizers from 25c. ,
Ladies' Pocket Books from 25c.
Albums from $1.50,
Boxes with Perfume from 25o.
V -.•■', ".' • ■ ./ ', . ■ ■
' ■ • ■ ••■ ■ • ' , •> . ' " . ':
Another >
Gift: Day
on iTuesday, Diec. |7. ,
We present free to our patrons on
the 1 ' above : date* an elegant Doll, 33
Inches long, real kid body, genuine .
' bisque head, or a bottle of Vellot's
fine Perfume, with, every purchase'
. of EOc.'.or over. \ ' . ; . < .:■ ~
' ,;- As; many of our, customers were
,, disappointed on our last gift day
• • we have made this arrangement '.to
. 'please 'all.. '', r' '. '"j. :
8TIE 1 '' : ' : "' ; ' "'' ' ; "' V -':' '
■■' WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS. '
/ : ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Thomson, from Valdez. - ' _ ' _ .■ " ■
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrtved Dec • 14—
Stmr Alcazar, from Point: Arena; stmr State ot
California, from San Diego, for San Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed Dec 14, at 12 noon
— Full-rigged- fiHlp, bound sauth; name not
made c"t. ' • •' ■ ■
FOREIGN PORTS. '
IQUIQUE — Sailed Dec 13 — Br ship Mylo
mene, for Sane Francisco. •.
MANILA— Arrived Dec 11— U S stmr Grant,
hence Nov 15. ' • •
Sailed Dec 11— U S stmr Kilpatrlck. for San
Francisco. '. ' ■ ' ■ _ '
SUEZ — Arrived Dec 13 — Br stmr Yangtse,
for Seattle. . ■ .' " ..
NEWCASTLE— Sailed Dec 12— Br ship
Frankistan, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
v .SEW YORK— Sailed Dec ■ 14— Stmr Lucanla,'
f<»- Llvcroool: stmr Pennsylvania, for Ham
burg! stmr Lehn, for Genoa and Naples: stmr
Maafldam,, for Rotterdam: >«tmr Kaiser Wil
helnr der , Grota:;. for Bremen; stmr Manitou,
for London. ".,■' "■ ■ '. '"■ ' ■ ■
BOSTON— Arrived Dec 14 — Stmr Ultonla,
from Liverpool: ' ■
HULL — Arrived Dec 13— Stmr Glamorgan
shire, from Portland, Or. < '. ■ :
HAMBURG— Sailed Dec H— Stmr Prlnzessin
Victoria Luise, for New York. --'-
- HAVRE — Sailed Dec 14—^Stmr.Las Solce, for
' LIVERPOOL— Sailed Dec 14— Stinr . Campa
'nla. for New York. ■ , ■
For the Writing Desjc.
Leather Bound Silver Mounted Blotters,
Desk S*ts, Ink Stands,; Lap Tablets,
Diaries,' S Calendars, . Fapeteries, Gold
Mounted Pen Holders and Pencils make
inexpensive; beautiful, and. useful Chrlst
maa presents." Greatest variety and best
values at Sanborn, Vail & Co^'s. 741 Mar-
Boy Knocked Down ,by . Streetcar.
Ray Gardener, a cashboy ln the White
House, , was knocked' down -by /a Post
street car at the crossing of Kearny' and
Post streets yesterday. •<; The -boy, who is
13 year3 of -"age, \ was* crossing JCearny
street when' the car struck him. He warf
removed to the ~ Emergency j Hospital,
where Dr. Bunnell treated him for sev
eial lafcerated* and contused wounds; of
the head, a possible fracture of the skull
anda dislocation of the ; left elbow. The
little sufferer, who resides at 906 Leaven
worth "street, was removed 'to the Chil
dren's Hospital, later- ln the day.,
Panels and Medallions.
Thousands of Medallions* and
from 20c to $2 50 each. It will pay all lov
ers of handsome novelties to> visit the
Picture Department at this, time of year.
All welcome.'; Sanborn,. Vail & Co., 741
Market st. w'!-. ■,?- '•-■■" ■' r-^T-'^SSKfl
Criminals Sentenced.
• .Judge Dunne • yesterday- - sentenced
Frank Johnson ' to Folsom for seven years
&nd "William Collins to , San- Quentln for
fourteen* years for. assault, with Inteilt to
commit robbery. Colllna'. and Williams
were ' concerned in the : same ;, crime. . * Col
■hns' heavy- sentence ■ is ;. due > to. the fact
that! there ■ are ', several,' prior; 'convictions
against him.; Judge Dunne • also sentenced
William . Allen and Bert Walker, , convict
fed of petty, larceny,' to v the . t County. Jail
for six months.-. .; . ., ' ■'■
Conducted ; a . Lottery.
• ' Mabc i Solomon, 'alias ' Otto Nathan, "was
convicted by Judge Mogan yesterday of
the charge 'of conducting a lottery in his I
offices. Academy of Science building. He I
Byron Mauzy, Lester Hamilton I
I Spielmann and Fleischer 1
I Allgrades and all prices—from $17$ to $600— -I
I Art pianos $600 to $1,000. Our bargain room 9
I has some v/eH known makes from $ i oo up I
I Cecilian ! Piano Player— Concerts Daily. I
i . ' j r f a * tty^^' J^>l? You arc we!- We are mat- *|
a 508*312 post St., San Francisco I
I marJ^if m /?to figures 1
I VjOpe/i Evenings I
was Instructed to appear for sentence
Tuesday.
4344
ADVEETISEMENTS.
THE NEW ORY-AIR
GERMICIDE
Cures a Cough
mr one night.
Stops* a Head Cold
IN TWO HOT7BS.
Relieves That Tickling in
the Throat
IN.TEN MINUTES.
Cures Catarrh
IN TWO WEEKS.
Hyomei Is the only remedy for pneumo-
nia and consumption ever recommended
by the United States Health Reports.
You Just Breathe It for Fire Minutes
Every Now and Then.
Hyomei Is sold by all druggists or sent
by ra .alL Price, outfits complete. $1.00.
Trial outfits 23c. Hyomei Balm 25c. Send
for five days' treatment free and the little
book on respiratory diseases. It may save
your life.
The B. T. Booth Co., Ithaca, N. Y.
NEW EXCLUSION
ACT PROPOSED
United States Attorney
Woodworth Makes
Amendments.
TTnited States restrict Attorney Mar
•hall B. Woodworth has forwarded to
each member of the California delegation
to Congress a copy of his suggestions re
epectlng the re-enactment -of - a. Chinese
restriction act. These suggestions are
embodied In a bill prepared by him. ;
Section 1 provides that all present laws
on the subject be continued In force for
ten years after May 5, 1902, with certain
necessary amendments.
Bection 2 provides for the registration
of all Chinese laborers lawfully in the
United States at the time of the passage
of the proposed act. As amended,, the
section empowers United States Commis
sioners as well as united States Judges
to try and deport Chinese found unlaw
fully in the country. Any registered
Chinaman hereafter convicted of felony
shall be deported from the United States.
Section 4 provides that any person aid
ing or abetting the landing or attempted
landing unlawfully of any Chinese person
shall be punished by five years' imprison
ment or a fine of $1000. or both.
Section 5 Includes fishermen, laundry
men, miners, hucksters, peddlers, fish
dryers, gamblers and lewd women as la
borers.
An appeal, by the United States Attor
ney from the Judgment of acquittal by a
Judge or Commissioner is also allowed
Slave owning, whether the slave be of
'native or foreign birth, is also defined as
a crime.
The object of this amendment is that it
shall apply to those holding to involun
tary service native-born citizens of the
united States. There is no general law
against slavery In the revised statutes
other than that applying to negroes and
mulattoes.
The present law Elmply applies to per
sons of foreign birth. By amending -ths
act as herein suggested, much of the evil
that now exists in the Chinese quarters
in holding to involuntary servitude Chi
nese girls born within the United States
would be done away with by prosecu
tions, which, under the law as It stands
at present, cajinot be done.
Abused Their Horses.
John Powell, a horse dealer on Folsom
•street, near Twelfth, was arrested yester
day by Officer Curry of the Humane So
ciety for maltreating a horse which had
been foundered. The animal was shot by
Officer Curry at the Petaluma wharf, on
Eaet street. M. Phillipino. a florist at
Post and Kearny streets, was also arrest
•d by the same officer for driving a horse
•wnicn was Buffering from wounds on the
back.
__DVEB_TSE____NTS.
FEW PEOPLE REALIZE
Th.e Danger in That Common Disease,
Catarrh.
Because catarrhal diseases are so com-
men and because catarrh Is not rapidly
fatal, people too often overlook "and ne-
STlect it until some Incurable ailment de-
velops as a result of tho neglect.
Tbe Inflame, condition of the membrane
cf the nose and throat makes a fertile soil
for the germs of Pneumonia and Con-
mimption. in fact catarrhal pneumonia
*n_ catarrhal consumption are the most
common forms of these dreaded diseases,
*"hlch annually cause more than one-
auarter of the deaths In this country.
Remedies for catarrh are almost as
numerous as catarrh sufferers, but very
fe-r have any actual merit as a cure, the
only good derived being simply a tempo-
rary relief.
There is. however, a very effective rem-
edy recently discovered which Is rapidly
becoming famous for Its great value In re-
lieving and permanently curing all forms
of catarrhal diseases, whether located In
the head, throat, lungs or stomach.
This new catarrh cure is principally
composed of a gum derived from the Eu-
calyptus tree, 9nd this gum possesses ex-
traordinary healing and antiseptic proper-
ties. It is taken Internally In the *nn_
of a lozecge or tablet, pleasant to the
taste and so harmless that little children
Lake them with safety and benefit.
Eucalyptus oil and the bark are some-
times used, but are not so convenient nor
so palatable as the gum.
Undoubtedly the best quality Is found in
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, which may be
found in any drug store, and any catarrh
sufferer who has tried douches. Inhalers
and liquid medicines will be surprised _t
the rapid improvement after a few day*'
use of Stuart's Catarrh. Tablets, which
are composed of the gum of the Eucalyp-
tus tree, combined with other antiseptics
which destroy the germs of catarrh In the
blood and expel the catarrhal soison from
the system.
Dr. Ramsdell in speaking of catarrh tnd
Us cure says: "After many experiments
[ have given up the Idea of curing catarrh
by the use of inhalers, washes, salves or
liquid medicines. I have always had the
best results from Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets; the red gum and other valuable anti-
septics contained in these tablets make
them, in my opinion, far superior to any
of the numerous catarrh remedies so ex-
tensively advertised." The fact that'StU-
art's Catarrh Tablets are sold in drug
stores under protection of a trademark
thould not prejudice conscientious physi-
cians against them, because their un-
doubted merit and harmless character
make them a remedy which every catairh
eufferer may use with perrect safety and
the prospect of a permanent cure.
For colds In the head, for . coughs, ca-
,-vrhal deafness and catarrh of the stom-
ach and liver, people who bave tried them
eay that Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are a
household necessity.
PLEASURE PLACE
FOR THE BEACH
Oohejr Island Will Be
Duplicated Near the
Cliff House.
Incorporation Is Completed
and Work on Grounds
Will Boon Begin. .
Coney Island, ,of .world-wide fame,
stands in the: unique position of being,
without a rival on the earth. It is the
pride and the boast of those residents be
low East | Fourteenth street, New York
City, to within ear-shot of Manhattan's
City Hall.- that there is but one glorious,
Jaggy, raggy, go-as-you-please Coney. A
solar plexus blow must, therefore, be en
dured by .the habitue of the Bowery's rec
reation haunt when it is made known this
morning to the world that on the thresh
old of the Pacific another Coney Island is
planned, with a carnival of merry-go
round, whirligig, - see-saw, donkey . rides
and observation: wheels, with the attend
ant froth-capped goblets of "steam" and
"lager," and tamales and enchilados.
Within a few days workmen' will begin
erecting fences- and buildings and laying
out the gTounds upon the sand dunes
fronting the highway between Golden
Gate Park and the front of the Cliff
House hill. The enterprise Is to be known
as "The Ocean Side Gardens," and tbe
declaration is made by the projectors 'that
"it Is proposed to make the beach a veri
table Coney Island."
Those interested in the project are E. J.
Leigh of the firm of Davidson & Leigh,
real estate; R. M. Hotaling, liquor mer
chant; T. P. Colcord, retired sea captain;
F. C. Howard: S. C. Murray, contractor;
Curtis Tobey Jr., architect, and A. Ruef,
attorney. A ten years' lease has been
signed, with the option of purchase, and
papers of incorporation have been filed
at. Sacramento. The capital stock has'a
value of $100,000, the greater part of which
has already been subscribed by the pres
ent members of the company. It Is offi
cially announced that the intention is to
make the "Ocean Side Gardens" one of
the city's most popular attractions and a
feature of the beach, but the breezes— the
one -advantage for which Coney Island
sighs In vain— are to form no part of the
Garden's entertainment, and will be ex
cluded by a . formidable combination of
tight boards and pickets, "stained a dark
green to blend harmoniously with the
foliage." :
Buildings are promised of the pavilion
order with glass frontages overlooking
the roads and the ocean, while promenade
decks provided with seats and tables wilf
offer rest for the weary. The main en
trance will be from B street near the
terminus of the electric car line. As a
family enticement there 'will be a chil
dren's playground and on Saturdays and
Sundays and _11 off-days, musical and
athletic programmes will be given. Base
hall and kindred, games are promised,
while a theater - for the exploitation of
vaudeville is sprlously contemplated.
There may well arise apprehension
among the peanut vendors, the inhab
itants of the waffle wagons and the itiner
ant merchants who are accustomed to ply
their respective callings in the vicinity of
the Cliff House, since it is authoritatively
stated that the management intends to
absorb the industrial stands which now
thrive around the depot and on the beach.
l-HS. DONOVAN DENIES
• STEPCHILDREN'S CHARGES
Says She Did Not Ilarry Their
Father to Secure His
' '■ \ Wealth.
Lizzie 11. Donovan, widow of the late
M. J. Donovan, who is defendant In a
suit brought by Gertrude and Vincent
Donovan, -Donovan's children by a form
er marriage, to set aside an assignment
of property right made by Donovan to his
second wife, on the ground that he was
unduly influenced, tiled an answer to the
charges yesterday.
Donovan's children claimed that they
were not informed that their father in
tended taking a second wife until after
he had married and that therefore they
cpuld not take any steps to prevent Mtb.
Donovan from so influencing Donovan
that he grew to hate his children. They
claim that Mrs. Doncfvan married him for
the express purpose of securing Dono
van's property and that when she had
turned 'their father's love "to hatred she
induced him to assign to her a lease he
held. on real estate and improvements on
Eddy and "Webster streets and also 108
shares of stock of the Ingleside Coursing
Association.
Mrs. Donovan denies all the charges
made by her stepchildren and asserts that
whatever gifts her husband made to her
were made while he was in full posses
sion of his faculties and that she never
tried to gain control or dominion over her
husband for the purpose of getting his
property. • ,
GBIN PBE_"EBS AMERICA '
TO I1AND OE CZAR
Attachment Is Not Needed to Keep
Bussian . Accused of Embezzle
ment From Leaving State.
"Lincoln Ivenow Grin does not need to
be served with a writ of attachment to
keep him from returning to Russia," sa'd
Attorney George D. Collins to Judge Sloss
yesterday. "He is satisfied to remain
here."- ■ •'.-
; On. this representation Judge Sloss dis
missed the writ of attachment heretofore
sued by a local representative of a Rus
sian firm which accuses Grin of embez
zling 512,500 while he was a clerk in their
employ in tho land of the Czar. Grin
came. to this city and deposited a sum of
money In one of the local banks. The
localfcTepresentative of Grin's former em
ployers, secured an order of court-re
stralnirig -the . alleged embezzler from
drawing the funds from tne bank on the
ground that the money was part of the
sum he Is accused of running away with.
It was also feared that Grin would at
tempt to leave the State and an attach
ment was ls*uedto restrain him from
leaving:, the State.'
It is expected that extradition papers
will be secured and that Grin will be bent
back to Russia for trial on the felony
charge.
BONDS SELL FO^l LESS
THAN APPRAISED VALUE
Government Securities of the Inez
Oppenheimer Estate" Bought
: by C. Sutro.
Isham . Reavls. administrator of / the
estate of Inez Oppenheimer, has peti
tioned the' Superior Court to confirm the
sale of fourteen 5 per cent Government
bonds of the Issue of 1894 : which were
ordered sold at private sale by Judge Coif
fey. -The bonds were appraised as being
worth $110 each, but they brought only
$107 each at. the sale. The purchaser is
C. Sutro. who invested $10,111 CO in the se
curities. .The bonds were the property of
Ruth Oppenheimer, daughter of the late
Inez Oppenheimer, who lives in Nebraska,
and about whom Judge Gagnon of Rich
ardson County in that State when he
heard that. .the sale of the bonds had been
ordered .wrote to the Superior Court of
this county giving it as his opinion that
as the owner of the bonds was only 8'
.years of age Government securities were
a good . Investment.
Postage on Christmas Edition.
The great Christmas edition of The
Call; issued December 15, 1901, con
tains 7O pages and will -weigh. 17
ounces. The rates of postage on this
edition will' be as follows:^
Domestic .*. . . .5 cents
ForeigiiL ...... . : .*. . . . .' . .§ cents
Guelcher Gets Six Months.
Frank Guelcher,. ;a professional, shop
lifter, was sentenced to six months In the
County " Jail by > Judge .Conlan yesterday
on a charge ; ot-T>etty .larceny. Guelcher
stole abolt of cloth from Joe Poheim's
store on Market street, while a confeder
ate kept the salesman In conversation.
THE SAN CALIi, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901
POLICE ADVANCE
ACCIDENT THEORY
Do Not Believe That
Oppenheim Was
4 Murdered.
No Clew Yet Found to Iden
tity of Man Who Fired
r-\: the Fatal Shot.
The slayer of Adolph Oppenheim has not
yet been" apprehended. . The: police Vare
leaving nothing undone in their search for
the man , who ', killed the shooting gallery
proprietor,; but there 1 is little hope that the
mystery will. ever' be solved, , as so many
strangers come and go through Dupont
street and in and out of shooting gal
leries; . saloons and > dance, halls that the
n_an who. entered Oppenheim's place and
fired the 'fatal shot from one of Oppen
heim's'own rifles probably attracted no
attention whatever by his suspicious
haste in departing. . : ; - -
The detectives have followed out several
clews in thfir efforts, to, locate the man
who fired the shot, workingon the theory
that the shooting was accidental. In one
case they believed they had information
that would lead to an arrest.^Wit further
investigation showed that the suspected
man had a conclusive alibi. ••
"If Oppenheim had been shot .with any
thing except a 22-caliber bullet? from one
of his own rifles," said Captain Seymour
yesterday, "there would be reason to
think the deed was done with murderous
intent. But no man would have gone Into
that gallery and deliberately attempted
murder with a weapon of that sort. There
was no quarrel, for the son in the room
above could easily hear conversation car
ried en below. • r . . •
"The- downward course of the bullet In
dicates nothing in this case, for bullet' of
small ca!'ber are particularly apt to lake
the most erratic courses, especially wuX-ii
a bone Is struck. Besides, a foot more of
height for the man who fired the. shot
would not make a perceptible difference
in the angle at which the bullet entered
the body." . ■ /
Great reduction in price on Holiday Liquors
at Horwltz & Conn's, 1716 Market, phone South
684. Straight whiskies, $2, ?2 50, $3 gal. Port,
sherries, 75c, $1, $1 25 gal. Purity guaranteed. •
as | | gi |
Wonderful Remedy, That Awakens Dormant
Nerves, and Sends a Tingling Warmth
To Strengthen and Revive the
Vitality of Youth.
/ . _ — -j — . j _ — _ ; ■ ." . • ' : . ■
Old Men Made Young Again. Weak Men Find in it
the Old-Time Strength and Power, and to
Every Man It ■■typings a Welcome
Return of Buoyant Spirits.
-.VNo Man Is Lost— There Is a Sure Cure for Every Weak Man"— Dr. Robinson.
To the men who have tried every known write. It restores all men who suffer with any
remedy to revive their waning ; power or lost form of sexual weakness, resulting:, from youth-
manhood, and have given up In despair, the ful folly, premature loss of strength and mem-
message of Dr. A. E.- Robinson of the State ory ! ■ weak back, varlcocele or emaciation of
Me< J ,cal > Instltute. ; theworm .fame, physician;
in the weaknesses and diseases of men, comes strength and "development, Just where It -is
as almost blessed promise. To the 'doctor no needed, and cures at once and forever ' all the
weak man . la ' incurable. With: the, wonderful Ills and . troubles that come of years of misuse
treatment that he has discovered any. sexual of the functions, 1 for it- has been an absolute
"weakness disappears as If iby. magic.- The success:jn all cases. -A simple requestUo,the
normal functions -are restored quickly, and posK State Medical' Institute, 1279 Elektron' Bulld-
tlvely. Men'who have; mourned thelT ; loss of lng.fFort Wayne, Ind.j wlir bring .'you, one of
power and -manly '.strength .and 'after .repeated these free trial packages, in a 'plain 'wrapper,
trials of many, remedies and famous physicians without any marks Ao identify Its contents or
bave abandoned all ; hope, : have, with this re- where it comes from, i Th« : Institute "has had
markablg treatment, been in a few short' days so many Inquiries : from' men * who « are unable
possrtsed of a vigorous vitality. , It to leave home or. their, business to; be 'treated
gives tha power 'of the mature man reinforced that It has perfected this splendid home, treat-
wltK all the spirit ;and vigorous ment and sends it in 'free trial packages to all
vitality of youth. -' The immediate effect of the parts'of 'the, world to ; show. Just, how. easy, and
remedy 'Is /to send a'; rlch;tlngllng -flood', of simple lfis to.be cured at home of any sexual
warm blood direct to . the ; paralyzed i nerves," weakness i when thl» marvelous new eexual tonic
awaking : them '• to active and ; healthy ' life.' * It is employed. The : Institute ; makes no '". restric-
Is a home .treatment ! that has, cured so ; many, tlons ; and any man', who- writes 'Js ! entitled to
men who (have I for years -battled against.- the- this ', trial of a' wonderful remedy' absolutely
terrible mental and physical suffering of lout. free. :Those 'who 'write Treed .have no fear^of
manhood that the State "Medical; Institute, {of, any publicity as the State' Medical ; Institute
which Dr. Robinson is the dean, has decided, to, ls;an old: established Institution, licensed: by
distribute free trial packages to all men who the State for fifty years.
LEADING FIRMS
POOL INTERESTS
Miller, Sloss & Scott and
Gibbs Company Con
solidate.
Will Be Known^as the Pacific
'■■■: Hardware and Steel
Company.
The consolidation of the hardware firm
of MilleV, Sloss & Scott and the" old iron
afid steel firm of the GeOrge ' "W." Gibbs'
Company was formally announced to the
trade yesterday. The consolidated inter
ests .will be km>wn after January 1 as the
Pacific Hardware and Steel Company.
The. negotiations to this end were pend
ing for several months. In July the re
port was current that all the leading Iron,
steel and hardware firms of the city were
about to combine and form a gigantic
trust - This was denied by the various
interests affected. V Whether' the consoli
dation referred to has any connection with
the rumor circulated last summer, the re
sult ;may possibly indicate. It is certain,
however,' that the? two* firms doing busU
ness under the name of the Pacific Hard
ware and Steel Company will practically
control the market on the coast for the
lines of goods they represent.
The George W. Gibbs Company was es
tablished many years ago J by i the late
George W. Gibbs. It did an enormous
iron and steel business and. its facilities
for handlinff that line of goods were of
the best. The firm of Miller,'. Slosa &
Scott is an old one, and for many years
has been the leader in its line. - The firm
is located in itsnew ouildlng at the cor
ner of Mission and Fremont streets. Tho
quarters are commodious and enable the
firm to 'handle immense quantities of gen
eral hardware, : tinware and sporting
goods. The headquarters of tho consoli
dated firms will be In the building now
occupied by Miller, Sloss & Scott.
» a'few days the directors of the
new, company will meet and choose offi
cers, of the new* corporation. It Is said
that < Charles E. Miller will be selected as
president. A manager and secretary will
be chosen, but the names of those to be
selected have not "been made public.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Healthy Mind in a Healthy Body
Stomach and brain affect each other. A sick stomach sours the disposition
and prevents sleep and brain rest, and a sick brain\sotirs the stomach and clogs
the bowels. .Men- of sedentary habits, brain workers who don't get much
exercise, have sick stomachs and bowels, and wear out "their brains and nerves.
' _ga~f~a^ "I work In tho office and don't get as much exercise ax I should,
__*" ; — }^ • and -—hen I feel bad I just take a Cascaret which always makes me feel
* ' Jfi ' f ' ■-"'-* "lright."— J* E. Bohan, Q. & C. Route, Crescent, Ky.
Pr 6 -mm • /'vW "1 had a torpid liver for months. I bought a box of Casearets In
f If 7 ** X|_^. fi* t "Washington and have not only been put ia perfect health, but have
«*♦ ?S«I gained considerable in weight."— Harry Hodgson. RockrUle, Md.
• ffif .: _^T_ "vl " "Cascarets were the only modlcine I had with me when I beat the
• . vV[\--~ -%&• — » > world's - record as "Champion Corn Husker of -America," hnsking
\ il A >N_ V V 270 bushels io 10 hours."— E. E. Kimberlin, La Harpe, IU.
WiA T_? i\ "Cnacaret3 cured me radically of dyspepsia and
__^N I V headache and my weicht which before xras 120 is now
f^sj^ 'XBlK.,-/-.^^, 150 lbs."-S. Navarro, Uiloxi, Miss.
/ / . N^ /' *""."""i)* . "Some time aeo, while I was In Millersbnrg. Pa.. Mr.
f <J<> -. WLwH ' ' / /y" Frock, tha landlord, was afflicted with severe pains
I .jytS?**- / //in tns stomach. I insisted upon his taking a Cascaret
Jf - / ¥ before coine to bed and next morninj he passed 6 in.
. m f^ _#s?^ ' «>" T *^^\ I - of a tape-worm. He bought a box of Cascarets and a>
1 '■$ \ . Jr\. - ' ■"• ' _^«* //\ ■ a tape-worm 15 feet lone came from him head and all."
fir , V _^^-Sy/^V- 'I' ■ .' -Chas. E. Condon, Miffllnburg.Pm.
I I I J J V^L. Jff/fZ&SL \__ *" "I find Cascarets beneficial after a ' spell of hard
I I If (&Jr/fJ%£ ; j| work, clearing the brain a* well as'the boweU, and
I I XLS^ iVSjS^^S^C^ »l«o working oft colds in eood shape."
B /' ¥l u\^£>yt^£r * ; — if-.C. Stokes, Philadelphia. Pa.
II At - la \ V? N> "^^ \ - : "1 was troubled for years with Indigestion.
II Yl ' £8 ' \. J_l • ' VV i>- One day I boucht a 25c box of Cascarets, and
If 1 >SK» " V** r V^- «.i.t_ » thank tbe Lord that I did. I felt better the
I " \ '*HS ■ li^ la second day.- Any stomach trouble will be
\ • -I iln_ •'^■Cfc-fc ' , cured by Casearets."
\ If IV?hL ~" — D. H. llausho-wout, BraVeman, PVisco Line,
\V^!*^fl' "Cascarets relieved me of Itching piles and
\_\ s -i_r ' \n ' - " !S_— ■ lnmbago which have been afflicting me annually
' sjgggtj^ 8t tn j s tjina o f t_ a year. Three cheers for
.^ A ?"; • •• - " C Q. r W S . Hllllard, 1217 Alord St.', Indianapolis.
A man who keeps his bowels regular with Cascarets Candy Cathartic, that is
without strain' or violence, can keep strong and healthy. without much exercise.
A famous prof essor ' in Jefferson Medical College used to advise his students:
"Trust in God arid keep your bowels open! " That's God's own wisdom » for
when the" bowels are regular and the digestion strong and healthy, then the sys«
tern is safe and the brain and nerves will have inexhaustible elasticity and life.
/J?rx A/%Tft A% rv Best for the Bowels « A11 druggists,' xoc, *5c, 50c. Never sold in bulk.
_CJ_)<a4ZaJL)&J*L/_1c# The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or you*
money back. Sample and booklet free. Address
"T'-llili'ffl*" Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or Now York. (11
Smooth Edges can be
obtained by that wonder-
fu! device, the saw ed£e
machine. By its use
frayed-out collars and
cuffs are., made to feel
nearly as good as new.
I It's expensive to run it,
but it's one of the evi-
dences of our desire to
give the Finest Laundry
Service possible'. Cost
doesn't deter us when
more efficient service can
be rendered. Isn't such a
laundry worth your next
riinited States Laundry
■ ■ t ■
HooUuldllUlli
1OO4 Market Street
near Powell.
aBaHBEHEHHnHHnHBBEOHauHESEEacasaszESEHaanannn
te'^SJSP HORNLEIN & KRUMB 1
g'r. ■•'■'v^fe--: .■ ■• ':> .-.•-• B
| FOURTH & MARKET STS., San Francisco ' ■
H ■ .. . ■ -. . \. > .... . . q
5J Overcoats. and Valises t~\^^u~ t\*-ik, «-.„ H
§ Checked £ree Telephone MAIN 151 g
■ |
g Try our Special Brew 5 cents a glass §
E3gcaaEHEnnnHEHHEHaaaa_i_jHE_:Eaa_!^!__ii3_i23ra3EE_f2 E3 _i
/"^v Rupture Cured. "
ftV : The celebrated California In- 1
/¥>_^.__3 ventor, Dr. Pierce, disc ovcrerl /
I «T,^!y^5l that the onW remedy for Kup- I
\q j/Zfjk't? ture is Electricity, and in per-
. - /j ; £"~£2s -■'ectlng his wonderful Klectro-
; tot -', W a tactic Truss and estab-
WMM^^XW^rS lisliing ita Bale throughout '
MRWiw&Mi&k ' the vorld ' ho e ave t0 8Uf -
VWv^ v^t®_««W{ f crers from thisdangerons
k W^^^_^^^3§; malady tlie relief »nd «e-
■■■^1^|1^£ : 1 cjirity Tainly Bought for
/ Vj*S^C«t| / 5)s»' eluewhere. ThiBrenowned
!.'---. ;/-.,' !V'r';, v appliance is radically dif-
ferent from ; all others and » Its action on the
ruptured part* ■ is ; quick and effective J Cur*s
accomplished, by ita use aro numbered by tho
thousand. * If ruptured inrestigato at once. Call "
or send a 2-cent stamp for nevr " Booklet No. 1."
Addresi Magnetic Truss Co., 1145 Broadway (near".
26th St.), New York, or 203 Post St., SxnFrancisco. '.
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
DR. BALL'S REINYIG0HAT0R8T_fVq_
Stops all losses in 24 hours Five |ry2?*3
hundred reward for any case we !___ _Sn
cannot cure. This secret remedy _T^
cures Emissions. Impotency, Im mnS
Varicocele; Gonorrhoea. Gleet K^3 So3i
Strictures. Drains, Lost Man- __33 __H
hood and nil other wastlnc ef- H_«
fects of self-abuse or excesses Efl__3sK5*B
Sent sealed. ?2 bottle; 3 botUes, Jo: Vnarante^!
to cur° any case Pali n~ «Ti 6"-r_nceea
Market st.. S..F. Send for, free bewk. b
B R II S H R S' FOR BARBERS, BAK.
UllUUXlJUhJ ers bootblacks, bath-
brewer, bookbinders. ca^ y ! m aS rd^ n a n b i--
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries S:
hangers, printers. • painters, • shoe f kctorlt^
Btablemen,, tar-roofers, tanners, tallow etc!
"BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramsnto 6ft
ADVERTISEMENTS.
California
Limited.,.
The greatest train across the conti-
nent. . High speed combined vvit^L
high-class accommodations have made
it the most popular with travelers.
From San Francisco, dally, 9 A. M.
Ticket Office— 641 Market Strict
United States Branch.
STATETTVVEINT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
BALOISE FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BASU9. SWrrZERI_A.NI>, ON THT3
.list day of December. A. D. 1000, and for
the year ending on that day. as made to tha
Insurance Commissioner of tha State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
A1O and Bit of the Political Code, condensed
aa per blank furnlshod by the commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds own«d by Company $G50,623 00
Cash in Company's Office 359 49
Cash In Banks. 117.973 3d
Interest due and accrued on all /A
Stocks and Loans >.' 1,169 W.
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion ee.139 21
--.«•■-•■— . ________
ToUl Assets $330,253 72
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $13,337 SS
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 17.S02 73
Losses resisted. Including- expenses. 3.9S5 63
Gross premiums on Flr« Risks run-
ning one y»ar or Iras. $.107,023 20;
reinsurance BO p«r cent 133,012 83
Gross premium* on Fire Risks run-
. nine more than one year. $130,-
131 17: reinsurance pro rata 68.784 15
Due and accrued for salaries, rents,
etc cm nn
All other liabilities 31.122 40
Total Liabilities $_0O,S20 S3
; ---- INCOME!.
; Net rnsh actually received for Ore
premiums J380.S01 73
R*c«lv*fi for Interest anil dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and "rom
all other sources 23.087 11
Total Income $404,378 SS
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount raid for Fire Losses
(including $."~t. Ill 7.t. losses of pre-
vious yws) $27.8.081 M
Paid or allowed for Commission or
nrok»r*g» 122.09.1 79
r*j»l«t for R»larle*. Fw». and other
cburston for officers, clerks, etc.. 1.500 OO
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 2.0C9 72
All other payments and expendl- .,,•■• v v*
turea I,8tt3 941 '
Total Expenditures $407,400 12
... F!rt(
Losses Incurred during the year. ...$234, W3 23
Bisk and Premiums, lire Risks Premiums
Net amount of Risks
written durln* the
year I42.807.B-0 ¥502.379 M
Net amount of nipke
expired dnrlnjr tho
year 42.«2T.(O!) 478.344 fl_
Net amount In force
December 31, 1900.... 86.823,709 437.159 43
SAUL. R. "WEED tot "Weed & Kennedy).
Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to. before me this 24tlj
day of January. 1901. F. F1SHBECK,
% Notary Publl*.
STZ'4 CO.. General Agents,
San Francisco. C«2.
United States Branetu
SX/\XE7V\_ENTr
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
i Off* T H m ■
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY;^ J
OF ST. OALIj, STTITZERLAND, ON TH3*
31st day of December. A. D. 1900, i and
for the year ending; on that day, aa made tt>
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of Sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
! <-.; . ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $712,577 50
Cash In Company's Office 139 IS
Cash ■ In Banks 63.809 57
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 8,291 67
Premiums In due Course of Collection 87,770 47
Total Assets $867,637 37
HABrUTTES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $12,636 23
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 17,982 21
Losses resisted, including expenses. 5.230 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $372,752 02;
reinsurance SO per cent 186,376 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $137,-
053 90; reinsurance pro rata 73.950 12
AU other liabilities .., 42.293 43
.' Total Liabilities $3US.51O 13
INCOME.
Ket cash actually received for Fire
premiums $133,512 94
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 21.863 63
' Total Income $460,370 62
EXPENDITURES
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In- .
eluding $69,022 28. losses of pre- >
vious years) ..$371,736 63#
Patd > or allowed for Commission or • • .- %\
Brokerage , 120,913 23
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 3,000 00
Patd for State. National and Local
taxes 12.469 59
All other payments and expenditures 19.7S3 r,0
Total' Expenditures $527.9(53 05
Losses Incurred during the year. ■ . .|326, 740 ' 60
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premiunn.
Net amount of Risks ~~"
written during: the
year ..:......... $53,162,147 $61«,50_ 83
Net amount of Risks
. expired during the
/year 88.364.749 694 653 01
Net amount In force . ' ul
December 31. 1000. 42.457.319 510,703 93
* ' , _, SAML. R. WEED
< - (Of Weed Sc Kennedy), Managers
da^n^^y.Too'lV 0 *•*"» mC thl3 Wl
cS, F J SI *£ EC £- Not ary Public.
SYA-& CO.. General Agents.
San Francisco. Cal.
'-^-eifSgBfeafe** Bt r?m*~£ i3 * a nc---l«fao_cr-
/KSStT WIHt5/\gJ White,, unnatural dial
JSsy '» 1 * 5 d »J*. \_ charges, or any iatlamma.
R<i»tf Qn«i»a_e<i m *■ won. irrltaUon or a:cera-
Hh»t! PwT " lt oaBt *»'»n. l j° a o" mucous nuni-._i
I Q Clxcclar scat on rt«u««s.
'• • <^_fla_____l_n_S_~_v- . -NOTHER TUTOR
IS IN TROUBLE
ladison Babcock May
Be Ousted From His
Position.
rincipal Johnston of Fair
mount School Accuses *
Assistant. .
Madison Babcock. vice principal of the
airmount Grammar School, is probably
le next tutor who will be brought be
.re the Hoard of. Education to answer
larges preferred by a principal. Bab
jek. who was at one time Superintend
t-.h 0 **.-? .? ,1 s ' "" as a PP0lnted some
y. .hs a^o by the present board to a vice
Sncipalsnlp and the principal of the
hooi. Miss C. M. Johnston, has com?
.ained to {superintendent Webster that
abcock Is a noseless failure as^a
Liabcock is now on a elck leave and
is duties have been assumed by a lady
-acher, who is giving eminent satlsfac
on according to the report of Miss John
'^/> -5 ancaid - President of the
«• £ Education, stated yesterday
sat Miss Johnston had filed a written
?Quest that, the lady be continued in the
osto oa V " the discipline aid teaching
jsults had vastly improved during Bab
?cii's enforced absence.
Mrs. Kincald would not say what dispo
iuon would be made of Bibcock's case,
s no charges had been filed with the
oaxd against ' him. Mrs. Klncaid said
116 *, 1^^ not he ard whether any
harges had been filed with the Superin
jndeat of Schools, but if they bad been
; was the duty of that official to transmit
hem Immediately to the board-
Superintendent Webster did not care to
pea_ ca the matter, as it is his policy
5 keep all charges filed against a teacher
secret until the accused is brought to
riaL Webster admitted that Principal
ohrston had complained of Babcock' s
ick of efficiency, but said h« did not
iio-— ir she would reduce her charges to
fitting:. W ebster says principals are
>rone to make verbal charges, but that
rhen they are asked to swear to them
•ver their signature they positively re
use to do so.
Director Desmaa said • that Eabcock
-■as not a good disciplinarian when he
iss a teacher in the Franklin Evening
Babcock himself had asked the
loard to relieve him from his duties at
he Fair-mount School if a position of
•cral Importance could be found for him.
There is a rumor that the board is bent
m dismissing Knowlton from the vice
)rincipalship of the John Swett School
ind installing Babcock in the vacancy.
cCnowlton is now on trial on charges
>ref erred by Principal Lyser and will
Tiake his defense next Tuesday. Should
Miss Johnston file written charges
yrair.st Babcock, however, he may also
experience seme difficulty in saving Mm
5C-lf from the wrath of the school board.
No Overtime for Extra Work.
Auditor Wells cited the deputies in the
Registrar's office who have filed demands
Cor overtime pay to' appear before him
\.PFterday and explain in detail the nature
if the extra work which they performed
previous and subsequent to election time.
He put the deputies under oath and as
:nTT£.:rn=d for his own satisfaction wheth
?r the work was in addition to their regu
.ar duties. Wells thinks that if he should
"Uidit the demands it would lead to other
ibuses in that line, and he will decline to
set a precedent. The deputies will bring
suit to settle the dispute.
Postage en Christmas Edition.
Ihe great Christmas edition of The
Call, issued December 15, 1901, con
tsi_s 7O pages and •will weigh. 1/
ounces. The rates of postage on this
edition Trill be as follows:
Domestic 5 cents
Foreign 9 cents
|?^_W} i'^^H -^ E i Consisting of COPPER, GOLD, SILVERiind COAL, is just being uncovered. The men who haye I
l|feS"S*^^ ( % TlsEATTif j most carefully investigated the resources of the State appreciate the many advantages it offers to !|
[i V i JvCp "IN Q*f* ! investors, and place their money in the large enterprises of Washington in full confidence of ||
IP^kll^ j 1^ TAC0 " A hf\ profitable return. Under the stimulus of a great influx of money, coupled with the native energy In
I^^^^ \ oc^ Pl * -vvg^gssfci ! °^ s P e °Pl e > an^ *h e harmony in jvliiclithey work, tho development of the State will be tremen- I
t|j^iill%^\ I '- : r|^#K^ THm5 ! dous ; and they who contribute to this development will share in resultant profits. [ !
il *rlik R fcira_n__™B | I POPPER POAT. /WITF! I I fiR POPPPIR OTjATMS ! \
J ft B V\/ti_HI1it»LI1I _ 9\JIVU ', | The Montezuma Mining Company Is a lusty yearling. Its first issue of stock | || The Copper Kingr Mining Syndicate was Incorporated September 14, 1901, | i',.j
I II y Guarantees the Invested principal, but, * i was put on the market in December, 1900; first quarterly dividends paid October | H under the laws of Washington, with a capital stock of $10,000,000, of which VA
fSaffjf I v\ U bo far as earning power 1b concerned, i | 31, 1901; second payable January 31, 1902; regular dividends in larger amount wl!l | H $7,000,000 is treasury stock for development purposes. It has sixty-flve claims in r-vj
gsW P f if \i & th * money ml K ht almost as well be idle. '• | be paid thereafter from coal and coke alone, for which the demand far exceeds | g the Carbon River district, In "Washington, north of and near Mount Rainier. The fE|
H^jFvy//// / IV P Government bonds are well suited t I the supply. Dividends : I n • . mines of the dis- p\
K^n2M§j' A- «P p to the cold-blooded ultra-conservative : h already equal 7 per Sttifr^ IA Vn1ffl-SU^V J^^^ K«M_w.JiJffl.;jaauj M , rf^t ! — MJ _ _ *M-£^^*.->^^s^a»^'^»^-'—^■^*_vaj«ij| trict are rich, assays i I
\iM\$'zaf /ifi |\ il class, but have little attraction for the» '• ' S cent on average coat a KB H showing J16 to $200 In • B I
rSiW///fc^ f\ k ambitious, energetic, far-seeing man In £ Q of shares for past | nl T}T\ T AT TTH O U\ M "H MfT B I TT A MDOT ' O HTiTITTT A HP I A I\T U c °PP er and B° 1^ ™ t Bj
P¥^ rMK h B -hose veins runs the rich red blood to | | year. The company is 1 NAhK 1 N V P S I I K N I 1 iHDMKS O P Pill I IL A 1 1 U W I P« ««'■««». ral- |j
lill^W^^^^ l\ T ' mO • I capitalized at $10,000,- | UllllJ 111 fi JJU 1 ill Ull 1 W | IIV/IIUUI JJ1 JJ V U JJ fl 1 IV 11 | ues being In copper. U 11
B«^_iS^_?^ \ U wh3ch thls Iand of °" rs owcs its proud | 1 1 no^-as^eTBrbie, "^ifd ■ 1 i ' lands> wlth ««»°at B |
m wk WO \f^ Jl »2 position at the head of nations. Such a \ j carries no personal liability. Big copper properties in Tahoma and Carbon H |j prospects of securing a valuable tract. Copper is the main reliance of the com- H l£j
Wi &« W X^at-Ss?* _ maQ WU - ba ° k hIS judgment wlth a * | ' i River districts, only fifty miles from the sea; 200 acres coking coal lands. ( H | pany for profits, and development work is going briskly forward during the j; p\
Psll^aXV f^**_^^^E0 P nominal^ Bum. in ..the belief that the | 5 fooJ . veln blac ksmithlng coal (better than Cumberland); 150 men employed: Mnn- U H v/inter. Machinery is to bs Installed early in the spring. Engineer's report jJ M
l9^\%l\ hZkf**&8S£9l 11 value o A his purchase will rapidly be V j tczuma postofflce established; bunkers, railway and company's store built. The g| H says: "The company plans to make its mines productive the first year." Prices H Fl
fc2§*XVu\\ fW li enhanced. It is this progressive, wide- i | rj on]y copper cornpa ny operating coal mines and coking ovens-a combination that fcj i will be substantially advanced after the first issue of shares is placed. At-the t] | j
f-?4«^\n \ IH >^$fl f! awa «e class that are buying MONTE- h | a reduces operating oxpenses to the lowest notch. Montetzuina shares are purely IS P price they offer honest speculation, to say the least, with the chances strongly [j i, J
K3\S_?\\\\ ia?^J-4^fj M ZUMA shares to-<3ay. while a block of I ! investment; sold on a guarantee; a big, strong, eafe company. Some of our- S U j n favor of their becoming, with early development of the district,, a profitabla U Li
O\H| I. IW0maybe Z_l__l__ " I i £Srtrs;s d -i h m£r h i^^^
Kflr/^-\ tS^SBR' I. MUHiHT^imiinB r I months. Read the opinions of the shareholders who have visited the mines. If I to buy a block of these shares for aha n^.^oflt-^J they will most surely | M
W$F&f \\\ I^^^D M -M WU _»« B pl tt^n/V L_»_-., -.m. ■„.■, /J I I Par value $1 00; offered at 29c cash or 32c on installments; advancing monthly. | | yield- Par value of^shares $1 CO; first issue offered^ for quick subscription at oc | \M,
Wm&f V» \S aBBW ■^ ni^ T^^ Ta^aaeaaj $£lj\j Emiygw^JWaggMay | M Wrlte for prln ted matter. Bee ore. coal and coko at our office. JJ fi cash or 6c on installments. Ask for prospectus and maps. Ore at our office. ft [j jjj'
IF %lS» jJ L-Cl _^??!J!_^ J^^_?_.^. I3P:i F 3 ■-^~^ 3>^ _.'__# 1
The Cardui story is being told every day to thousands of suffering women who fly to this great remedy for relief. Over 1,000,000 suffering women — ( <^CG"\ U \V \v&W/l // \ iHl
» women who have been invalids for years — women whom doctors could not relieve —^women who had given up in despair have been cured by the simple vegetable - ' V *^iVi lt*J^ u ? \ '*'•'
I emmenagogue, Wine of Cardui. From all over this country come letters from cured women, praising Wine of Cardui. There is no mystery about the relief. VmL^jSs^ ) W^^\\ tiC^U A^-** 8 !?^ Hi
£p A $1.00 bottle purchased from your druggist and taken privately at home will benefit the worst case of female troubles. Read what a few women say of Wine of 11 II. J/ \^3?§!5£x£ r^L'*^. Krai
Cardui. The truth is the only thing that can be corroborated by so many witnesses. . S^j^'^J&k II J/uY&TJ&M^iW' ~"*^~
Mnrpby Bayou, Miss., June 20, 1901. Lafourche Crossing, La., June 16, 1901. ' Wilmot, Ark., May 20 1901. ' Elery, Ohio, April 22, 1901. [j]\ Sto\ f^Pvi*^\ \l ttfv£&//WJM&&W MSm
S3 I was sn2er : nK with female weatnesB, but Ifeelitmy duty to .write and le-. you know Before I used Wine of Cardui I had pains I have been using wine of Cardui Jr\ \^j^"^ VvMl_\. ft \7 rZJJ& J&i^Tl _£R£H
r^i after tafeing Wine of Cardui s.nd Thedford's th&t I have taken Wine of Cardui and Thedford's every month, but I came without pains this according to the directions and I (\ K-O^fYe)** * \s!te3-i^S II lf}!&trurj$§g*£~+/ MoXJi
V|v Black- Draught I have no trouble at all. I sin- Black-Draught and I amntfw well. - month for the first time in my life. ammuchpleasedwithther88i.lt. \.V. ipr^S ' /^L.1.-^ WJS^/SfJB&E&iLj B&SQft
3^3 cerely believe it is the best medicine I ever used. ELLA V. NELSON. ZILPIIA JOHNSON. Mrs. C. OVEBHULS. /^vV \ /y\y^i^Sl *(»»^9!l
M Olive, S. C, Juno 15, 1901. I use your Wine or Cardui 'in my family and I have used Wi^l^'r^H^! 0^ 22 '^ 901^. Quincy, Fla., April 19, 1901. . >^sJ_A \^ y— i 1—8MH1 W&BNeSx&B/ #11-, c *-' -if
k^f I havebsen toting Wine of Cardui and I think have used it for eight years. I recommend your Black-Drauirhtfnr th« nnof ,)i,^« /L I am more than grateful to you ' /bh^r~*\ \\ H *7\ W— W^<— _l-_gS_W ' __9ra»_&l
*% it is the best medicine I ever took for female medicine to all that are in need of medicine. cured ma of thni. tt P riw. 5 1 J t L h f ? for the benefit I have received from V^^^A \\ \ / \ >gg g W ASB&S&tSi
W weakness. MARY J. SULLIVAN. . Mrs. R. Q. TEAGUB. Sed d to"S«« wit" *" M^rs. HttDEBBANDT^ y ° Ur Wine CHANCE. >^^^H
I hare taken Wiiie^aVdS'aSThea&s Wine of CartoffiSfhe^mef^SfJioShly W"'u Mo "* 5 1 ??' m h Garretts Bend, W VaApdl 22 1901. l_flS_^S_f J&R Mll^iS
B Black-Draught and thev have dona much good. pa i n8 ar 8 gona. I have used two bottles of Wine u V ? vl , ?? with a 1111 of g at- I have been troubled with "whites" and irreg- V^\\\\ SjgKB»jiy >PiSl
It is the best medicine I ever took. of Cardui and one packaire of Thedford's ■Rlart- »tuae for ine neipl tiavo received from the use ular menstruation for four yei»rs and one bottle ' ■ ■•' : _ffa_S rtflU&KBBB 1
Mrs. HENRY BANKS. Dranght. fir" ALBERT LUTHI «' Win» of Cardui and Thedford'8 Black- of Wine of Cardui and one package of Thed- fi_a_3_r < - ; V _»P»^§»f^_^
D!l iurs. Ai^umti i,uiMi. Draught. MINNIE WILLIAMS. ford's Black-Draught have done me more good \^\l\ J&v^rS/i V7$3iAfMM
I have used Wine of Cardui with succccssacd — .„ n . n .. A ,,\ P JivJt J^°'l 7 i3 1901 » McDonald, Tenn., Mar 2 1901 t|\« s^ y _l__fiB_SB— Vft KB* \ l&CT;
M 3 ™*£- J hiveteiren thkfbottfi.of Wine^ , 1 !^"^ 6 ra , 0^ d ' in Amboy, Ind., May U, 1901. W^ .
&i buflwoul^^b m wUho^ft« e a d ll! tB11 dayS \ Cardui and one package of Thedford's Black- a ° S A R n I have tried many different kinds of medicine, but T A J m W&tM
f ou " Mrs. JOSEPH F. BAKEP» Draught. Mrs. ANN SUTTON. * oarB - % - ara. iua bai_b. have found nothing to compare with Wine of Cardoi. VV \f f .1^jjtfg_^ MVi J^^«Bl
I have used Wine of Cardui and Thedford's I take pleasure in recommending Wine "of After' my baby was born I was not strone: I Tindall, Va., Slay 16, 1901. ' r 1 1 A. ' WHfnHfMrnH|rr^
Black- Draught and have found great relief. Cardui and Thedford's Black-Draught. I have did not fe?l like doing my work. After takinsr I tell my friends what Wine of Cardui ha"s done for -.^ / \KS^. f&&%t£$l$i!§*£3f& V^ISS'vJ^^fM*!
. Your medicine Is in great demand at the neigh- used it three months and it has brought me Wine of Cardui I am now in better health than I me - I feel 8 ure if it .were not for that medicina I nTcEa^O^d l£^«^Stsfe$J',?33F / ftetj vOF«?ia
borhood drug Btore. Mrs. WM. \OLLMEE. great relief. Miss NELLIE HILLIARD. was for a long time. Mrs. EMMA SCHLIEF would have been under the sod. Mrs. O. HAWLEY. B^gwaCTg£~^ W'**m*Eifl&fiWxir §Kr lSfPi£irSff
AEE PUTTING SEWERS
IN GOOD CONDITION
Board of Works Has Forces at Work
in Various Parts of the
City.
The Board of Public Works put a force
of men at work yesterday repairing sew
ers in various parts of the city. It is in
tended to take advantage of the , fine
weather and have the sewers in such good
condition that they will withstand the
heavy rains of the winter season.
Chief Heath of the bureau of streets
put one gang at work repairing the cul
vert on the Mission road 'or a distance
of 1000 feet along Arizona street The
Channel street sewer near Eighth street
is in bad shape for a distance of 300 feet,
and this will also be repaired.
The entire force of sewer cleaners is at
work In the southern part of the city
flushing out the sewers. They have com
menced with the Fifth Etreet sewer and
will continue the work until all the sew
ers are clear of refuse, so that the rains
will not overflow into the cellars of the
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY^ DECEMBER 15, 1901.
houses on the street, as they did last
year. , , .
LEADING PAPER HOTJSE.
That of A. Zellerbach, & Sons Best
Known on the Coast.
The principal firm in San Francisco
which deals exclusively in paper of every
description is A. Zellerbach & Sons at 41C
425 Sansome street. The business was es
tablished more than twenty-five years ago
by A. Zellerbach, who continued In its
management until 18S9. when his two sons,
J. C. and I. Zellerbach, were admitted to
partnership in the concern.
The firm imports and deals in all kinds
of paper for domestic and commercial
uses. Its lines include such famous brands
as the Princess, Unique, Royal Melton,
Queen, Defender, Taffeta, Home Spun,
Sultan, Camels Hair and Alexis. These
brands of cover papers have a world-wide
reputation among the trades. The firm
has a branch at Los Angeles, 'and five
large warehouses are employed" for the
storage of its wares.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUPREME COURT SETS
GRAVE-ROBBERS FREE
Merced County Ghouls Who "Uncov
ered Remains of a Chinaman Es-
cape on Technicality.
William Baumgartner and . Emmet
Rhew, who in February last opened the
grave of Wong Quoi Sing at Merced for
the purpose of robbery and who viere^con
victed on a' felony therefor by the' Su :
perlor Court of the county, were ordered
set free by the Supreme Court yesterday.
The two men heard that.a large sum of
money was concealed on the body of
the dead Chinaman and they decided to
secure it The coffin was uncovered and
the grave-robbers had found a ten-cent
pieco and a counterfeit dollar when they
were frightened away. v Their arrest im
mediately followed and charges of violat
ing sepulture were placed against them." *
The statute under which they were con
victed provides that any one who muti
lates or disinters the body of a human
being le guilty of a felony. The 1 trial
court held that the defendants had to all
intents and purposes disinterred the re
mains, of Wong Quol Sing. •
- The Supreme Court maintains, however,
that a body must be removed to consti
tute a disinterment and the two prisoners
were allowed to go free with an expres
sion of regret, that reprehensible act
is not a crime unrter the law.
An Inviting Excursion.
Will be the special Christmas trip to City
of Mexico by Southern Pacific and Mexi
can Central Railways— to leave San Fran
cisco December 18. The Mexican Christ
mas celebrations are novel and entertain
ing and possess the warmth and coloring
peculiar to the Spanish-Aztec race. Many
brilliant ceremonies attend the season,
both civic and religious, lasting several
days— and nights. The bookings are al
ready so numerous that those who intend
to join must make early registration. The
capacity of train is .limited.
Every known language contains such
names as cuckoo, pewit, whlppoorwill and
others,* In which the sound emitted by the
animal Is utilized as the name.
BAKEB SIEMON SUICIDES
Hi A LODGING-HOUSE
Retires Early and Asks to Be Called
at Eleven the Next
. Day.
William Siemon of the bakery firm of
Slemon & Reiss at the intersection of
Turk and Hyde streets was found as
phyxiated in bed yesterday morning- in
the lodging house, 74 Geary street, with
both valves pf the gas burners, open.
Mr. Siemon- engaged the room at 10:43
on the previous evening and gave Instruc
tions to be called at 11 o'clock yesterday
forenoon. At 9:30 o"clock in the- morning
a Japanese bedmaker, passing the room,
detected the odor of illuminating gas and
notified the landlord. The door was
broken open and Siemon's dead body was
found lying on the bed: HTa Identity was
established by papers on I1I3 person.
The chronology of both the Chinese and
the Hindoos is fairly reliable as far back
as £200 B. C, before which .it bcomes
misty. -
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Mailed
on Application. <'<'
COAL. COKE ANJ PM tROX
J. CvWILSON & CO., j&aSSTiffl-Si.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I AC HIYF^ £ fii Shipping Butchers, VH
JA?- LUIlj U L*J. Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
______
LUBRlCATtNO OILS. LEONARD A ELLJ3.
41S Front at.. S. P. Phon* Main 1719.
PRINTIN-Q.
E. C HUGHES. m _u___7«^ a f.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
TELE HICKS-JUDD CO..
. 23 First «tr««t. San Traadscsw
4546
•' : •.•"' K ;;^ " .. ; moment, but a character
-- „.: : _ j -^ ■■■.■.;■;;.. / : ; ? V - £%i builder telling the value of
J^^^^^;!^^!^^^:^; CouNEDk^RHziYyr. This watch comes in a
G*^^ }^M^^^^!^^^^^^^^^ beautiful plush case, -and
y '''''". \ ): 'V''\ : ,' .-'.''■ : "^ -' : io?all our boy friends pur-
*jL i^^fe) * .. .. ' W\W^^§ ■ $ Monday, in our Juvenile
7^^^MK\^i '8 yZngfLnLttcaZaHy.
l^^^^^m^ WMIm *$' The Watchand Case are
MMWm % illustrated opposite, one of
feltf^^i^^^^^^A 1 !) W °f our Smart Fashions for
Wi^^^^^^^^k J^ \ I Wti w/ comment the Coast over.
\l M% i III m Mr Vv JVeveryet have we created
2 ffiM$Mv^& I I Mj /tu- R> suchbeaitiifu 1 fashions as
Sc3 ftifi^^P^S"-- -^^ T2 '■ 1. • ~fo S^ is the assortment. Mar-
$P tef^P^^Mx^'^ Fashions 111 LSt velously handsome are the
w Wmmir^' Gowns, Robes and ffit colorln $ s - The st v les
$ fe :^^ar^ C 1 '"• ¥ 1 ' ♦ b / 'ju unique, revresenting the
$s nicnj the Smartest Things / -2sJ s^ n^ r s '™i?nw>ty- -jv^t
IU«" •JluaruCM raSniOnS* JVSl| foment, not only the hand-
>jg What UlCy Like. : '••■■i *& som6S t styles, {but priced
«« a iry" ia \r t> ' V right ■,'■ within the breach of
'31 7 worLd of Pretty Ones \^Pt the smallest purse, and
55| for you to belect from. \i Monday you get a Match
3_ coiJ[CeakwwY:Jfc &. Uiuoi^<%ti^re Aye*. %f c-« s
-■ EVENINGS . ,: ; :-
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE>- SAN ';; : FRA-NCISCP' CALL.,. BU^D AY, 1 DEC EMBER 15, HK)1^
FIRST REGIMENT
HAS A SKIRMISH
Men Deploy and Blaze
Away at Fixed
Target. .
Orders Are Well^ Carried Out
and Shooting .Is
The field staff, non-commissioned staff
and band of the First Infantry Regiment
who' have not completed their. score for
the annual State shoot, revolver practice,
will conclude "the same at Shell Mound
Park to-day. V
The eight companies of the First Infan
try Regiment had the annual skirmish
firing at the Presidio range on the 8th
lnst., when each company. was formed In
single rank, close order, • six hundred
yards from the- tlxed target, advanced in
quick time, one hundred yards and de
ployed during the advance to one yard
between files. The order of shooting was:
Halt, kneel and tire, one volley; advance
quick and double time to 400 yards, kneel,
lire two volleys; same to 300 yards, lying,
fire two cartridges; advance double time
to 250 yards, lying, lire two . cartridges;
advance double quick to 200 yards, kneel,
fire five shots rapidly; retreat in quick
time to 300 yards, lying, fire three cart
ridges; retreat to 400 yards, kneeling, fire
three cartridges and retreat to 600 yards,
kneel and fire two volleys. The orders
were weir carried out and the shooting
was very creditable.
Captain William L. Wall, First Lieu
tenant William, E. Wesher and - Second
Lieutenant Herman G. Stlndt, composing
the regimental examining board of the
First Infantry, have been relieved, and
Captain George Galllnger, First Lieuten
ant Walter N. Kelly and Second Lieuten
ant Thomas Costello have been detailed
in their stead to serve until the 1st of
next July. •
Major Thomas J. McCreagh has been
relieved as summary court officer and
Major George :Finmer detailed to serve
In his stead, until July 1, 1902. .
The names of seventeen enlisted men
have been stricken from the active roll of
the First Infantry; on account of removal,
thirteen; expiration of term, one; enlist
ment in the United States service, one;
exemption, one, and death, one.
• At the election held by Company B, San |
Jose, at which Major D. A. Smith. Fifth
Infantry, presided. First Sergeant Leon
ard M. Farrell was elected second lieu
tenant. He is a veteran of the Spanish
American war.
At "the first competitive drill In Com
pany A of the 1 Sixth Infantry last week
nine members of the company entered the
contest and were put through the paces
by Captain Parnau. The " medal offered
for the best drilled man went to Corporal
Irwln Eddy. The medal will become his
property on condition that he wins it
three times in succession or . five . times
within' a year. Any member who attends
three regular drills of the company In- a
month is eligible to enter the contest.
A STRONG CONCERN-.
Well-Known California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company.
Among the financial Institutions which
contribute to j the fame of ' San ; Francisco
none is better or more widely known than
the California Safe Deposit . and Trust
Company, located at the corner . of Call-'
fornia and Montgomery streets. The bank
has been in business for nineteen' years
and in that time has built up a trade sec
ond to that of no other similar concern
on the • Pacific Coast. . ; .
The capital of thi bank Is $1,000,000. fully
paid, and the surplus reaches $206,360 76.
In addition to doing a ' general . banking 1
business the company is . authorized by
,law to ract. as executor,' administrator,
guardian; or trustee or in any other trust
capacity, and it is a. legal depository for
trust and court funds.- A prominent fea
ture of the company's business Is its safe
deposit department, the facilities being
unsurpassed. The steel vaults of the com
pany are located in the basement beneath
the main offices of i the bank." They are
inclosed, in solid, fireproof casings and
constructed of burglar-proof metal. The
deposit department, contains 6426 -safes,
which are rented to individuals for $5 a
year and upward. Another feature is the
department where heavier packages, such
as silverware in boxes, paintings, bric-a
brac, etc., may be stored. The vaults are
open daily from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. and
accessible to patrons at all times during
the hours specified.
The officers of the ) company are con
servative financiers whose connection
■with the'institutlon Is an absolute, guar
antee of its soundness. They are as fol
lows: ;R.D. Fry, president: J. Dalzell
Brown, vice president and manager; B.
E. .. Shotwell. secretary; James Conning,
assistant secretary.
WITTMAN CITKD TO APPEAB
BEFORE - JUDGE MORROW
Because of Effort to Enforce Law He
May Be Punished for
Contempt.
Chief Wittman : finds himself in a'pe
culiar position from his desire to enforce
tha-law- and- carry out the .'Instructions
of the Police Commissioners by placing
a blockade • on Bacon place at the re
quest of the Rev. Father Caraher.and
others. : He has been cited to appear be
fore Judge Morrow in the United States
Circuit Court Tuesday - morning at: 11
o'clock to show-cause why he. should not
•be punished for contempt of court by dis
obeying the Injunction Issued yby the
Judge in February, lOOO. 1 in 'connection
with;. Bacon place. ; The Chief was not
aware that the Injunction was In:foree
and when he was .notified Friday of* Its
existence he removed the blockade. .
The Chief was in 'Judge Seawell's court
yesterday in connection with the injunc
tion applied for to restrain him from
keeping a blockade at.1120 Dupont street
The matter was continued till to-morrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock. . , . .
Patient Smoked a Toothbrush.
Justice of the Peace. Dunn gave judg
ment . yesterday for $95 against Roswell
Lee, who was sued by Mrs. Reeves-Atkin
son for board and "lodging while "Lee was
a patient for four .weeks at the plaintiff's
sanitarium on Sutter street.: Testimony
was given that' Lee :was In a weak mental
state when he was brought to the sanita
rium,' arid J.H. Wadsworth, son-in-law
of Mrs. Atkinson, testified that on one oc
casion he found Lee smoking a tooth-"
brush In his room. . ■• •
Lee informed Wadsworth that his pipe
had gone out, and requested that Wads
wortlulight It again,; which, he did. .Lee
then said his pipe* drew better. Lee ad
mltted-thnt for ten days his mind was a
blank, and that he did not remember any
thing that had happened. He. contended,
that the charRe of J195'for his keep was
excessive, -and Judge Dunn agreed, with
him and cut It down to J95. '
Pupils Receive Diplomas.
■ Thegraduating exercises of the Mission
High School were held - yesterday^-' Fo;
lowlpg is a list of, those who graduated:
EmileCreghlho, Blanche Cameron.-Aave
na- Cruden. Jennie Conlan, Clarence : Ha
terlus. Henry Hagaman. Fred Kohnke.'
Robert Knapp, ■ Mildred Moote. Josephine
O'Connor. Joseph ' Prltchard,- Emerson
Reed. Paul St. .John.- Sherwood Tafftnder,
Edna WIllcox. Alma, Woodbridge. - Kate
Van Duzer, Annie Young, Hallie Duncan
and Horace Wlllburt.--
Rionhart's Flaxseed Balsam ■ •
"Will cure your cough.', fin ."ce'ntH at all druggists.
Unusual Lodge . Event.
'On the .'evening ; of '.the ; 19th < i lnst.' there
will be an unusual event In the lodgeroom
of Terba Buena-.Lodge of the Independent
Order.of Odd Fellows. "ItTwill be the con
ferring of .the 'degree* of initiation > by -n
special team composed entirely, of. past
grands. /The team has been "preparing for
some ; : time. :JV : is -said '.that 'the present
officers of Yerba - Buena : propose * to ' enter
into a contest. with the past grands. ■ .
'■Trapper's OH cures rn«umatlim and neuralgia^
DrdK£i£ts. v 50c flask. Richard & Co: 406 Clay. .*
UNION LEAGUE
ELECTION TIME
Nominating Committee
Looking for Club
Officers.
Victor Metcalf Taking Rank
as a Leading Man in
The Union League Club' of this city Is
making . preparations for Its annual elec
tion of officers. Some of the best known
Republicans of the State are on, the nom
inating committee, among them being Ja
cob H. Neft, C. H. Garoutte, Joseph R.
Knowland and Harold T. Power. The
presidency of the league for a term em
bracing a national or State election is- an
honor, highly f prized by the active raem-
Alden' Anderson, president of the State
League of Republican Clubs, has issued
a notice Inviting tho members of the
league executive committee to meet' at
the rooms of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee, Palace Hotel, at 2 p. m.
to-morrow. The principal business of- the
committee will be to nx the time of the
biennial convention to be held at San Jose
in the spring. The convention at L*na
Angeles In' the spring ot 1MJ0 was a nota
ble demonstration or Republican strength
and contidence and Inspired the party
leaders to great activity In tho Presi
dential campaign which Immediately fol
lowed. It is believed that thq San Jose
meeting will call together 2300 progressive
Republicans.
Representative . Victor II. Metcalf of
California, who was recently assigned to
a place on the Ways and Means Commit
tee.. Is generally regarded throughout the
country as one of the leading men In Con
gress. He belongs to the strenuous, up-to
date class of American statesmen. It Is
said. that he will not listen to suggestions
that ho should enter the race for Gov
ernor of California. His closest political
advisers hint that his only ambition is to
go higher In Congress.
The Philadelphia North American, In
commenting on the agltntlon In Congress
to abolish football games between the
army and navy cadets, refers incident
ally in this fashion to Mr. Metcalf's col
lege career: ■ .
If Representative Wachtcr of Baltimore hat
Ills way Congress will put an end to the annual
football games on Franklin field between West
Point and Annapolis. The game Is not only
brutal, ho says, but Is not Included. In th«
cadets', curriculum. What grieves him most,
however. Is that President Roosevelt should
have manifested his approval of the sport by
attending, the last game In this city. • Fortu
nately the West Point-Annapolis .game- finds an
enthusiastic champion . In ..Representative Met
calf. Mr. Metcalf rowed In the Yale crew along
In the seventies. The \ old collegian love of
strenuous sport Is as strong In him as in
President Roosevelt, who was at Harvard
when Mr. Metcalf was at Yale. If Mr. Wach
ter gets past Mr. Metcalf with his bill pro
hibiting .the cadets . from playing football
President Roosevelt will be back of the line
to stop him. s • 'r'-i »V
Christmas Toilet Articles.
Dress Suit Cases. Manicure SetaUTravel-
Ing Rolls, Single, and. Triplicate i Mirrors,
Comb . and Brush- Sets," :M^lltary-; ! Hal?
Brushes, Collar . and Cuff.. Boxes. These
are not extravagant '.articles, ' but: very
pretty and jjviiU as good : for ? style' and
service as money cdn buy;*though moderi
ate in price. , Call and. seei.them, whtlhor
you wish to purchase or not. ' Sanborn,
Vail &,Co., 7J1 Market st.' ■ • •
The Most for
theleast.
This is the week when
there are so manu things
to be bought that Bar-
gains are apDreciated.
Note the following specials." com-
mencing to-morrow, in FINE NEW
HOLIDAY GOODS APPRO-
PRIATE FOR CHRISTMAS
PRESENTS ' • ■'-'-'
ONLY FAIR SAMPLES of
WHAT EVERY DEPARTMENT
IS OFFERING..
; Visit Samuels' first if you i would
fill your utmost wishes quickly; bttt-
visit Samuels' .else you leave much
unseen and much unknown.
-.75 rtoz. WOOT.I5N SHOULDER
SHAWLS, at .,.. ...each :tOc
Imported Cashmere Shawls, desira-
ble colorings, worth $1 50. .each $1.00
EIDERDOWN SAQDES
. TOO' FINK WOOL . MIDEUDOVVM
SAOQUKS at ,..:..... ..each 75«
':■;■ A tromonrlous assortment' of, choice
exclusive stylos rind splendid values
In Kiricnlown 'Sacqucs, - Klmonas and
Wrappers. No gift more acceptable.
BLANKETS
BLANKETS are the most sensible
presents one can grive. ,-Wo. are offering
immense' values In California Woolen
Blankets.' "150 pairs, full size white
woolen Rlankets at. ..?.... pair {jt2.7f»
100 pnfrs HEAVY WHITKWOOI.KN
BLANKETS, ''extra grade.i a great
leader,- at ...pair $4.50,
LACE BED SETS.
75 FULL' SIZE ~WHITE and ECRU
LACE BED SETS, spread and pair of
shams at........'..... ..each SI. 25
An Inexpensive : effective Christmas
gift. -..iVi :;
HANDKiCHIEFS. ■
Our handkerchief stock is tremend-
ous and full of fine values. We Initial
free of charge all plain linen handker-*
chiefs— JG.00 dozen and ,' over. Leave
your orders at once to Insure prompt
delivery.
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL' CHRIST-
' . MAS. '.'
•. - ■ ;■.;'■•■ . • ...■■• *
Every department filled with tempt-
ing drawing cards in holiday goods.
■ ... '-, /\_- - v . •-..: ■ .'.'.-■[ '
The D. Samuels
, Lace. House Co.;-
Wholesale. ... . Retail.
SUiT^R AND GHANT . AViv.
WHiPSi ROBES, BLAKKit^
.. y FonTHEKOLiDAral ;
'. Novelties— many s of L them lm-- .
' ported— all new— moit any price. -
STUDEBAKER RR^S^ MPANY
iOr^j CALIFORNIA.
Market and. Tenth St». • . - -
AN ELEGANT DISPLAY
NFW nnnns
\ SUITABLE FOR
Holiday Gifts.
Ladies' Noveltu Ruffs in; Lilertu, Chiffon and
Net, Black, White and Bla^k, and Black and
White; Ladies' Fine Feather Scarfs, White,
Black, Graus, Natural, and Black and White,'
Ladies' and Men's Best Brands Fine Kid
Gloves and Silk r Umhrellasj Ladies' NoveltD
Belts in.Elastic, Jet, Velvet and Satin Studdedj
Ladies' Real Duchesse Handkerchiefs, Real
Duchesse and Point Venise Collars and Band
Collars, Ladies' and Men's Handkerchiefs,
hemstitphed and initialed in both silk and
linen} Ladles' Fine Purses in Morocco, Walrus,
Alligator, Seal and Sea Lion) Men's Silk
Reefers, Mufflers and a large importation of
Gents' New Neckwear? Men's Fine Underwear,
Half Hose, Whits Shirts, Night Rotes, Sus-
Dshders and Collars and Cuffs? Ladles' Cash-
mere, Silk and Merino Underwearj Silk,
Cotton , Merino and Lisle Hose.
OUR CLOVE ORDERS MAKE VERY ACCEPTABLE
JV HOLIDAY GIFTS.
Ttf " II^C -11*5 '«■ I1T HO lOf Q/">CT CTOCCT
.«!#■ HO, lip, IJc, 119, 121 POST olKttl.
SANDS FORMAN
PASSES AWAY
Journalist and Politician
:J : Dies at Occidental
Hotel.
. Sands W. Foreman died early yesterday
morning at the Occidental Hotel. His
death was not unexpected, as he had been
failing rapidly for several months. About
u week ago he had a severe relapse and
had been confined to his room ever since.
His funeral will take place to-morrow
morning. The services will be held In the
parlors, of the hotel. The Interment will
be at. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Sands W. Forman was one of the best
known. and most popular men in this city.
He was 52 years old. For fifteen year3
he had suffered from locomotor ataxla.
The deceased was. a native of Illinois
and came to California when a mere
child with his father. In his youth and
early manhood he was distinguished for
his handsome face, courtly manners and
generous disposition. He entered the
journalistic Held and was city editor of
the .Examiner . when it was. an evening
paper. He also held later a responsible
position in the editorial department of the
Kpport. -
Mr. Korman went to Paris and under
went - treatment for his malady, but re
ceived no benefit. He returned to this
city and, though not able to walk, bravely
took up the struggle for life. He was
elected a member of the Board of Super
visors and served with great credit. - His
last 'appearance in politics was in 1307,
when ho ran for Justice of the Peace and
was defeated. The last few. years he had
held the appointment of. notary public
Sands W. Forma n was one of the char
ter, members of the Bohemian Club and
was n bosom friend of the late Dan
O'Conneil. - PeccnBed Is survived by bid
wife and a daughter. M/s.< A. J. Brandcr,
who -were attending him at the time of
his death." , • •
Shooting Mackintoshes.
Special tule color and .practical design
at Skinner's. 416 Market street Perfect
for duck hunters.
WE OWN OUI^ OWN BUILDING-WE PAY NO RENT.
<^^ =ag r^^ the credit you desire on
> J W M' - H — ~"-^^S3 anything in the house. Get
m \* M •-• r ~'^^$m your Ch" stmas presents early.
S^^L Make your selections before
/ ' (J S p :;:r;i^^\u ' tlie clloice apticles are picked
}\ •"--■• ■^! t i :g ijffl U I j\ out and we will put them away
fll r» I II * or }' ou an(^ deliver Christmas
•'-— - -^ ' ' ••' " Yoa should see the immense
C Kficfrtioc p rpCQn f c stock of new K oods we are daily re-
V nriSimab* rreSeniS ceiving. Furniture. Carpets, Rurs.
Her* *n two among many selections that .Draperies. Bedding. Shades.. Stoves.
. would dellirht the heart of any 'of your lady etc. In fact, everything you can QOS>
- fricmln. < This beautiful Writing Desk and • «;m» n«d nr <1«iw (nr Kam..!,..".'
Toilet Table are In (juarter-saweA cok or , Slbly n«d Or desire lor nousckcep-
mahosany. ; Come In and look at them. < mg Or furnishing.
• Free Delivery to Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
THE J.NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc.
1017-1023 Mission Street, above Sixth, San Francisco.
OPENiEVENINGSiUNTIL RAFTER .THE HOLIDAYS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
eiVENEW SIGHT
TO YOUR DEAR FATHER AND MOTHER.
Mayerle's Superior . Quality Eye-
glasses will be highly appreciated for
MANY YEARS TO COME.
These glasses are the only ones in-
dorsed by the highest U. S. army and,
navy and Government officials. Ttf i
genuine can be had only of . .i.1
GEORGE MAYERLE,
Graduate German Expert Optician,
10714 Market Street, Nw 7th.
San Francisco, CaL . [
• EXAMINATION FREE.
German Eyewater 50c
Telephone South 572. Open evenings.
Mr. George Mayerle has NO
AGENTS. NOR BRANCH STORES.
■_ ■■ SpedaltatewMBlood Poison, Go'norrhcoa, Gleet,
Strteturp. HominaJ Weafenean, InnwUnw Md toSf
alUed Disorder*. Book on DfseaSes oTmSK SS
pTer20years>xperieDce.Tennsrea»onabifc
JtoSdally ;8:30to8.30eT'ga. Sunda^S tott O>n*aS
taUou free and sacredly conflden tUL C«J1 or iddieM
«.. P> KO8 COE Mc\ULTT,lLD.
86 X Kearny St., San Francisco, CmLPages 47 to I
MASONS LAY THE CORNERSTONE
OF CONTRA COSTA'S HANDSOME
NEW COURTHOUSE IN MARTINEZ
Ceremonies Attending the Dedication: Are Conducted by the Grand
Lodge Under the I Direction- of Grand Master WiluamS.' Wells
u and Many Visiting 'Members of the Order 'Are in Attendance
-Z+t/rr AHTINEZ. Dec. 14.— This has
f tT \l teen a red letter day. for Mar
f ia tinez. The cornerstone of tha.
A JjL tn^ new courthouse was laid by
- the Grand Lodge, Free and Ac
cepted ', Masons of California, under .- the
dlrccticn of Grand 1 Master William' S.
A\"el!s. t . '
The procession moved promptly at" "2
o'clock from Masonic Hall. The -boys' j
bend from the Masonic Widows' and Or
phans' • Home led and was applauded
alccg tbe line of inarch. Next came the
county o/Hcers and then the escort of ""the
day, Napa Conimandry No. 34, Knights
Tempjar, with fifty Sir, Knights in line.
More than 200 Masons followed, and after
them came the Grand Lodge of California.
Arriving at the site of the new court
house, the exercises opened with solemn
music "by the band,~ followed by a prayer
by Grand Chaplain Eugene W. Stoddard.
Hon. J. D. Wightman, chairman of the
f|oard cf Supervisors, in behalf of the
itizc-ns of Contra Costa County requested
he errand master to commence the cere- '
r/ionics, and on behalf of the board pre
sented him with a beautiful silver -trowel
with which to lay the stone.
The trowel was engrraved on the back
as follows:
MERCHANTS SEEK
FILIPINO TRADE
Ast Uongressmen to
Work for Interest
;i :-.'.• of the Coast.- •
Tbe merchants of this city and of Seat
tle bave decided to make a vigorous ef
fort to secure for the people of the United
States, and particularly for the people of
the Pacific Coast, a Just portion of the
trad-e with the Philippine Islands. To at
tain this end a petition has been prepared
and; will be sent to every Representative
W the Pacific Coast States in Congress.
flic: petition points cut that the Philip
pines fire how United States territory and
that all trade with the islands should be
conducted in American vessels. The Rep
resentatives are requested to use their m-
Iluence to have the coastwise navigation
lawg extended to the vessels engaged In
commerce with the Philippines. ,
The bill to temporarily provide revenue
for the Philippine Islands, which Is being
considered by the House, provides that
vessels not of the United States may ply
between these islands, notwithstanding
the -coastwise navigation laws, until the
1st <lay of January, 1935, when it is be
lieved these islands may safely come un
der the operation of the present statutes
and 'vessels of the United States only be
emnloved in commerce with them. The
merchants of the Pacific Coast desire to
have the date named in the provision
changed to January I, 1903. -.
The petition which will be sent to the
Senators and Congressmen is as follows:
la order to secure to the people of the United
State, the benefits to which they are «Jtltled
as a result of the acquisition ot th« Philippine
Islands the commercial intere»ts of the nation
j^id especially of the Pacific <*>■■* *****
all traffic between ports Of the United State*
and the Philippine*, row United States terri
tory, should be conducted by and In and Con
fined Ut American vessels, of which there will
be without question a «ufnclent number rorta
c*k ine to accommodate all such business.
1 Ms a representative of the, Paciflc Coast you
ar« asked and earnestly urged to use every
sfTort and to exert every Influence ' at your
command to protect the American merchant
marine by securing the application of the coast-
Ing, navisratlon laws to this trade at the earliest
possible date, not later than January 1. 1903.
This -pMTtecUon is of equal importance and
CONTRA CoiTA'S NEW COURT
HOUSE AND MASON ,WHO
LAID THE CORNERSTONE^
"Presented by J. D. Wightman. chai:
man; P. Tormey, J. M. Stow/E. J. Rai
quite as necessary and Justifiable ■ as * was' the
protection afforded in securing to American,
vessels the' Hawaiian Island trade. Section 3
of the proposed act must be altered to meet this
Just demand. » ...... • ■ - . ■' : ■
• San Francisco Chamber of Commerce, George
A. Newhall, president. -1* i
Shipowners' Association of the Pacific, Coast,-
James Rolph Jr., .president. '." "
. San Francisco Board of Trade, A. A.
kins, preeldent- ' "
Manufacturers*, and Producer*' Association
of California, A. Sbarboro. : president.' '. ' ' ■
San Francisco Committee on Commerce, Wil
liam R. Wheeler, chairman. ■'. *- '. ■. r, • •
James D. Phelan, Mayor city and county of
San Francisco. -. ., ' » , . n ...
Union Iron Works, Irving ■ M. Scott, vice
president. .. - , •: . . .....,,
Seattle Chamber • of I Commerce, James B.
Meikle, secretary. . .
Hall Brothers, shipbuilders. . . • ;
George E. Billings, shipowner.
Hind. Rolph :& Co.} s ; :" c
California Shipping .Company, Charles Boud
row. vice president. - - .• — ' ■
John Rosenfeld's Sons. -
Simpson Lumber Company, H. E. Pennell,
secretary. • . ..
The Bankrupt Sale of A. Brick.
The blue signs at 773 Market St., near
Fourth, indicate where the greatest cloth
ing bankrupt sale is going on. To-mor
row's special will be 1C0O men's suits and
overcoats, strictly all wool. Irish Frieze,
Oxford, Melton, blue and -black Kerseys,
worth $20, for $4.65. These • are stylish
winter suits. This is the time to buy
men's suits -at the bankrupt < sale of . the
Boston, 773 "Market^ st., near Fourth. *
FUNDS ABB NEEDED,. TO B. \ .
iFBEE j HOSPITAL • ' BEDS
Prominent Ladies Will Opfen a Rum
mage Sale at -442 Sixth ■' >; '"-.■
Street.^ ' v "
The ladles' auxiliary of the Paciflc Hos
pital will open a rummage sale at '442
Sixth street to-morrow and will, devote
their energies during the week; .toward
raising funds for the. purpose of increas
ing the number of free ■ beds ' in ° the ' hos
pital, situated at Stockton and Chestnut
streets. Frfafwr'TOlV T i I Tftfirggrffifjl
At present three free beds . are main
tained, but numbers of worthy applicants
for treatment are unable to be accommo
dated. The hospital is -non-sectarian and
is operated by. the Christian Hospital As
sociation, [.representing the various- relig
ious denominations. :. • . V*. ■;•„-;
The ladles in • charge : of the ; rummage
sale earnestly request, that. those who de
sire to donate articles will notify the ma
tron of- the hospital and the goods will be
called for. ■ ' -
' Townsend's California' glace fruits, 50c a
pound,' 'in fire-etched boxes or^ Jap.k bas
kets. A nice present for -Eastern friends.
633'Market street,- Palace Hotel -building.*
SAST FRANCISCO SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901;
dall , - P. > de Martini , Supervisors : J. E.
Rodgers,* clerk"; and on the face, "Corner
stone, Courthouse, Martinez; William Se
well Wells, Grand Master: December 14,
1901." -The handle was of oak from an old
tree that stood in the Courthouse vard
and to which for years those having busi
ness at the Courthouse had been accus
tomed, to hitch their horses.
The stone was ".hen laid according to the
Masonic ritual. Edward H. Hart of Oak
land delivered the best oration that ha3
ever' been heard in' this county. The ben
ediction by the grand chaplain and music
closed the -. ceremonies, t The . procession
was re-formed and- returned to the lodge
room, where the Grand Lodge was closed.
The arrangements were In the hands of
a committee of Martinez Lodge No. 41 and
everything passed off smoothly and satis
factorily, all returning home satisfied and
delighted with the day.
■ Martinez \ Lodge No. 41 conferred the
Third Degree in the evening. Afterward
there was a bano.uet at which many
brethren were present. •
Thp new Courthouse is to cost about
$200,000, and. when completed will be one
of the largest and handsomest public
buildings in the State. ' Many pioneers
who were present at the laying of the
cornerstone of the old Courthouse,' forty
seven years ago, were In attendance .to
day. ,
BROWN'S WILL
IS CONTESTED
Relatives Quarrel . Over
;the Large Amount of
Ready Gash.
The ownership of between $70,000 and
$80,000 is involved in a contest of the will
of James 'F. Brown, deceasea, formerly
of this city, who died in December. 1900.
Papers .'have been prepared and will be"
filed to-morrow in the Superior- Court by
attorneys for the contesting "relatives,
Messrs. , Henry M. Owen, T. C. West and
Frank J. Hennessey. 'There are about a
dozen contestants, all of v/hom live .in
Kentucky. They are Martha Brown, Mrs.
Laura Cunningham, Mary Brown Marr,
Isabelle Brown Case, Bettie Brown Gib
son. Lucy J. McClure, Isaac N. Brown,
Thomas G. "Brown and W.-/H. White,
nephews and nieces of the deceased.
The ground, of contest is a claim that
undue influence was used by the legatees
under the will— Vina Brown, Ella Brown,
Polly Brown and- John : Brown of Ken
tucky. The decedent, a bachelor : of 78
years, was of. somewhat penurious habits.
V.*hen he went back to Kentucky to. visit
his relatives, so the complaint sets forth,
he heard stories tnat certain of his rela
tives did not wish to receive him becaus-3
of his dress and personkl appearance. He
became angry, turned his back" on '.the
supposed offenders and promptly gave the
bulk of- his property to the four legatees.
•Brown's wealth was principally in cash;
stocks and bonds, deposited in the sev
eral banks of San Francisco.^ He • also
held- some real- estate in this city.' The
will being filed here will necessitate 1 the
coming her, of a .considerable number , of
blue grass witnesses.
All for Young Men.
: During. this" month' only young' men ■ may
secure annual membership tickets ' in i the'
Young Men's Christian at , the
special " club . rate . of ! $8.00." TA membership
ticket will be a valuable : Christmas > pres*
ent'-. ":■ ' ; .' : •'/• ..; ' : ?;.:, -<>■■■:••:'
• Mail a copy of . the", great Christmas
Call ; to your friends in the East and
foreign -lands. ~ . " . :
INSPECTORS
PUNISH BOTH
THE MASTERS
McKec zle's' License Is
;'• Revoked ; and Trim
ble's Suspended.
North Pacific Coast Railroad
Comes in for Severe
' ', Censure. * 8H& /. .
Decision Is Founded on Facts Which
Show, a Violation of Sec- V
'. .■-■•: V tions of the Pilot /
' 'Laws. '
The local - United States Inspectors of
Steam. "Vessels, John K; Bulger and
tain. O. F. Bolles, have sent, their "decision
on the Sah j Rafael _ wreck to Supervising
Inspector Captain John Bermingham. Ac
cording to their findings the license of
Captain McKenzle, .which expires on Jan-:
uary 2, 1902, Is revoked. A punishment
equal in duration of time is. meted out: to
Captain Tribble of the Sausalito. -The
Nortii Pacific Coast Railroad Company is
severely censured .' for running •] its . ' boats
unaer tne concmons existing on the night
ot the collision. ■■■•-..■'•* ' , ■ • •
It was a lucky thing for both ferry-boat
masters that Captain 'McKenzie's license
expires within such a short time. ; .Tne
Inspectors can punish only to the expira
tion of the license., fribble's license has
a year or more. to run, .so he also benefits
by the time 'limitation of McKenzie's
license. Tnbble's license is suspended
for thirty days, beginning December 14.
Under the ordinary course Captain : Mc-
Kenzie's license would be renewed -with
out, an examination. In case he wishes
to continue his pilot occupation he must
pass : another examination. -*• His pnly ap
peal lies with Captain Bermingham.
The decision follows in full: v .
Steamboat Inspection Service, Office of Lccaf
. „ Imsuectors, . San Francisco District, San
1' raiiei.sco, Cal., Dec. 14, 1001.
Captain Jonn bermingham, • Supervising In
speciur, .first District, ban Francisco, Cal.
fair: In tiie matter of collision between the
ferry steamers ban Rafael and Sausalito In a
dense tosi on the bay of San Francisco about
U:40 p. m., November 30, l'JOl, upon Investiga
tion thereof, from tetimony taken, we find as
follows:
Official Details of Accident.
The San liafael, J. T. McKenzle, master and
pilot in charge, leit her Blip in ban t rancisco
at 0:25 p. m. of that date. The log was very
thick, weather calm, with strong ebb tide.
Une. vessel ~ was running slow, . sounding - her
tog whistles, and passed Lombard-street wharf
at \i:M~ i>. m. Her course was then 'set NW. by
\V.-for ine bell at east end of Aicatraz ■ Island,'.
Capuun JUcivenzie heading, his '.steamer more
to me westward than usual on account 'of a
vessel that he thought mignt be anchored near
Blossom Kock , buoy. .A- lew miautes matter
ward he heard! a steamer's whistle, apparently
off hia starboard bow. - As "the -.whistle got
nearer Camam . Mctyenzie blew two" whistus,
which were- answered -by* the other vessel, ana
put his -helm to starboard; . he then stopped
and; backed : the.ensines | fuil | speed I and ,blew
three .whistles, ■ which . were answered by the
other beat.' ;•' After. maUinu about "tour' revolu
tions ■ bac-King, • he stopped her. engines,, but she
liau swuntt uoout a point to. port and at this
time the two vessels 'came together,- the. Sau
balito's bow striking the h'an Katael on the
starboard side. ; The guard of the: Sausalito
coming over. the deck. if the San Katael, broKe
in its sidehouse where the restaurant was. and
the rudder of the Sausalitp cut \ throuKii the
hull' of the San Kafael, causing her to nil and
sink about fliteen minutes atterward.
: The ferry steamer Sausc.lito, W. T. Tribble,
master and pilot In charge, 'left Kausalito ' slip
about l>:12 p. m., "November ai),* for San Fran
cisco. The weather was a thick tog. calm, and
strong'- ebb , tide running. ' The ■ Saisalitp was
run 'at ordinary speeduntil otf the bell at -the
east end of Aicatraz Island, which was passed
at a distance of 800 to 1000 feet at ti:ao p. m.
At this time the steamer was, put under a slow
bell and the course set SK. >i K., which Cap
tain Tribble thought would bring the Sausalito
to San Francisco to the NW. of Lombard pier.
After passing Aicatraz bell, a fog whistle was
heard several times, apparently off- the port
bow; then two whistles. Captain Tribble an
swered these two whistles, ordered the helm
hard-a-starboard, j stopped . and backed the en
gines full speed, . and blew three whistles In
answer I to the San , . Rafael. The Sausalito
swung 1% points to the port, and 'before she
lost her headway she struck the San Rafael.'
The two vessels separated a little, the Sau
saiiio then came ahead 1 slow, and through tht
prompt action of both captains and crew, the
vessels were made ,- fast together by strong
lines. -The passengers were then got on board
the - Sausalito as rapidly as possible, some go
ing through the window and some over the up
per deck of the San Rafael Boats of both
vessels were immediately ' lowered and some
of th(- passengers got in them and were taken
to the Sausalito. Others jumped overboard
with life-preservers on and were picked up by
the boat, and \>t ners were pulled up with lines
by the passengers and crew of the. Sausalito. •
McKenzie Last to Leave San Kafael.
-As before stated the San Rafael sank about
fifteen minutes' alter the' collision,-' the lines
that' held the two vessels together parting as
she went down. Captain McKenzie, after look
ing throuEh-the cabin of the San Kaiael, was
the last man to 'leave, her and says there was
no one on board as ' he, looked all around ' the
main deck'and .had "just time to get off as
she went down. During the time the vessels
were lashed together they were drifting with
the .tide and the whistle of the . Sausalito was
kept blowing. 'The lifeboats from both of the
steamers succeeded Mn rescuing some of 'the
passengers and continued in . that service •■ for
about • an ';'<■ hour. ; These vessels ; were fully
equipped with all life saving appliances re
quired by law; it is In evidence that there
were plenty of life: preservers, the water be
tween the two steamers being covered with
them. '.'...-. : ' * - . . , ':
■ The boats of the Sausalito were lowered
promptly ■ and ' two ', boats of the San" Rafael ;
one of these was said not to have dIuks in,
but it is in evidence that -' two plugs • with
lanyards were found in this boat. One of the
crew of- the- San Rafael, a waiter, was fatally
crushed by . the breaking in of the house , on
the San Rafael at. the time of the collision and
a boy and one man were drowned in this cas
ualty. 1 - It was the opinion given in evidence
that had the San. Rafael been bulkheaded she
would not have sunk.' ►■ ■ ■ :..;■:
• After a careful 'consideration -of the' testl-'
mony.in this case we are of . the opinion that
both Captain' McKenzie and Captain Tribble
were '„ negligent .in- navigating these steamers
on ■ the • above occasion on November 30 . last,
in violation. of rule IX of the rules and regu- 1
lations. and article. lU.'of , r the pilot rules for
Atlantic and Paciflc Coast. Inland waters, pre
scribed for. their governance as pilots of steam
vessels. (Act : of Congress, approved June - 7,
1807.) ' '•!
Censure .Railroad Company.
For the reason that. Captain McKenzie failed
to observe 'rule IX, -which says: :.,:••> . . -
; "The whistle signals : provided - in - the rules
under : this ', article for steam j'. vessels ' meeting.;
passing or overtaking are • never to be used
except i when : steamers . are" . in slght-^of each
other and the course and position, of each can
be determined In daytime by ; a sight i of the
vesseU itself, or by night by seeing its : signal
lights, v In fog, mist, falling snow or heavy
rainstorms,' when '■ vessels . cannot so see each
other, fog signals only must be given." '
. And article 16, which! says: sSBjSteswSBSM
-' "Every vessel shall, -in a 'fog,' mist, falling
snow .' or « heavy • rainstorm, ; go at a moderate
speed; " having : caretul V regard ■. to the existing
circumstances . and Conditions. ■ ' A" steam vessel
hearing, apparently '■ forward » of, her beam,'- tfte
fog signal of ; a 1 vessel, the ; position of -which
Is ■ not •' ascertained, shall. • so = f ar . as the • cir
cumstances = of? the > case « admit. ; . stop her S en-"
gtnes . and : then navigate * with • caution • until
danger - of collision is over." His license is
this date revoked., v.v _:..;; "'.-•■
Captain 'McKenzie's license, issued
for /a term : of ,': five ; years, : ; expires ' 'on
January 2, 1002, and fas -this i reVoca-,
, tion ■, cannot f extend ' beyond ; the ; term
' for -V which the ; license was . ; issued,
bence^we have .exhausted our author
ity in" his case.' ; - . . . ' ''. . [.-, ' "O'^
: For. the reason that .Captain Trib-^
ble likewise v failed''. to observe "the
HUNTING MEN E NJOY FAST RIDE
OVER A P ICTURESQUE COUNTRY
WITH SAN MATEO DRAGHOUNDS
Small but Select Field Sees the Hounds Laid on at Uncle Tom's
Cabin and Gallops Over. Well Turfed Fields, for, a Distance
' "of Fifteen: Mi^es; Reaching
"» SMALL but select field. of horse
i\ ' : i men enjoyed -one of the best ;
'/-\ '- hunts of the ' season yesterday
AJjL with ' the ■'. San Mateo Drag
hounds. All . -. conditions ; .of-,
weather and ground were as near perfect
as could be desired and resulted lna fast
run over, as .picturesque hunting country
as the sun ever shone on. • The absentees
missed a run which will be hard to dupli
cate.' ':- ■ '. ■■f'llSf'-'ii: 'Ll'^f '"\S
The meet was at Uncle Toms Cabin,
near San Bruno, . and the hounds were
laid on shortly after ; 2 o'clock, the ■ ap
pointed time, by Jerry Keating, the club
huntsman.' The hounds first, took the
horsemen to the north and then tne
scent-led in- a westerly direction toward
the San- Bruno foothills, with their ves
ture of green. The course soon changed .
again and the members of the field found
themselves. -riding toward Burlingame.
The -line was a zigzag one, up hill and
down dale, presenting an <everchanging
panorama to the riders. There were the
customary checks, the hunt ending near .
above rules laid down ■ by the i Super
vising Inspectors ~ of '■ Steam Vessels
for the governance of pilots of steam
vessels: and as we hold both captaina
equally responsible for the collision,
and Captain' McKenzie's ; license ' ex
piring as it does, we cannot inflict, on
Captain Tribble a longer sentence
without showing: discrimination, we
hence suspend his , license as master
and pilot for thirty days from- and
after the 14th inst.. , ; . "
V- In .conclusion we cannot too stronKly depre
cate the unlawful practice of masters and pilots
blowing passing signals during a fog., • .';'.
:.There is nothing in the •■■■United
States laws governing steam vessels
which says they shall not 'proceed in
a fog. ,Had. the management of the
North Paciflc Coast Eailroad-Com
pany tied up "either /the Sausalito or
tLe ; San Baf ad, c i which; in our opin
ion, it should have done, > owing to the
exceptionally dense fog .that pre
vailed on the day and the night of the
thirtieth day s of November, U9O1, and
knowing, as th'ey did that it was ex
tremely dangerous to run these, boats,
as they had'tb .pass 'each other on di
ametrically : opposite l courses, as . was
shown \by ; the evidence 'of both cap
tains, this collision" would not )have
"occurred!; '•■,/., - ; ; .,...■■..'„. ■ • „..;::
,. Tli'eSan Rafael was valued at $7.1.000." Very
resnectfully • O. F: BOLLES, -■*■ • -'
respectiuiiy. jqhn ; K BULGER> ..,
■■ ■'.',,.■. ';.- Local Inspectors.;..
Associated Charities Has New ; Booms
"'• The ": headquarters "'■ of theV Associated
Charities ,: of . San Z Francisco is j now ' lo
cated in -^commodious quarters- in", the
Sherman building, 006 ; Montgomeryjstreet.
Miss j Katherine ?■ C.^Felton; ; the \ registrar,
is 'preparing' to broaden' the: sqope of. the
association's, work -during rthe-; coming
yearY The annual State conference >,of
charities arid'* corrections -.will, be held in
this ; city in -■ February - next. -
Statuary, Lamps 1 and .'Screens.
i We .have - a. .select - line .of ~; moderate
priced^ statuary;*] screens^ ylamps,-:: 'onyx
tables— exclusive .designs 'and "best values
lmthe'cHy. Sanborn, : Vail & Co.; 741 Mar
ket St; ...:'-•■-.-'. 7 ".; ■•■, ■.-.- :,*■ .' - '/*-.
Milbrae the riders traversing nearly fif
teen miles and negotiating many jumps.
Some of the horses seemed a little short
of work after they had gone a few miles
over, the rolling country. As the season
advances : they will rapidly improve ■ in
hunting condition. Jefferson Moore, son
of the acting, master, was mounted on
Del Monte, an ideal hunter. He took all
his fences In clever -style and maintained
his position in the field throughout the
run. v ■•-..•!
The hounds were not Interfered with by
any - Impetuous ' horsemen: They held
true to the scent throughout, although
the "drag-boy" had a good lead. If they
were more "musical," as that , term, is
understood by hunting men, they would
enliven the sport noticeably.
J. J. ' Moore, the acting master, again
rode hi3 favorite huntress,' Bridesmaid.
Richard M. Tobin had out Mestor and
the old steeplechaser seemed ini.nne.fet
tli. ;A. L. Whitney rode his horse Cross
Country. E. , D; Beylard rode his black
horse. Friar Tuck. Jefferson Moore was
on Del; Monte. ."John "Lawson rode his
bay horse Vanity, while J. A. Folger rode
A HISTOBIC BANK.
Interesting Account -of The Bank of
\^iiO:'-'-- ".California.". - " ■ \
The history of banking in San Francisco
is ' a history of . marvelous financial
achievements. The intrepid" men who, ' in
the early -days of the State, . embarked
.their capital and enlisted their talents In
the prosecution .of tremendous financial
projects, were possessed of the true spirit
of the Argonauts .which spurred them on
to success against, apparently insur
mountable obstacles. The result of -their
work is seen in San Francisco to-day in
a number of banks whose fame for solid
ity, reliability and 'conservatism extends
from sea to ° an *HP™T!W^rTlffH' M Wff iaiB F M y|
Among these institutions^ none enjoys a
wider celebrity than The. Bank of Calif or r
nia. Incorporated by.D.-O. Mills and Wil
liam C- Ralston in June, 1S64, with a capi
tal stock of $3,000,000, it soon became one
of the foremosti banks in. the State., Two
years after the incorporation . the capital
stock was reduced to $2,000,000, but later
this. was increased to y5,000,000. Unfavor
able legislation prompted the management
of the bank to reduce- the capital In 1873
to $3,000,000. InlSft* the capital was again
reduced to $2,000,000. and $1,000,000 returned
to the stockholders, andi it remains at
that figure to-day. ■
The romance ot the history of The Bank
of California is attached inseparably to
the ; wonderful ' story/ of , the Comstock, in
which -fortunes were 'won and lost In a
day. ; In those day^ of unparalleled activ
ity in Comstock stocks the San -Francisco
banks did not hesitate to advance as much
as J500 on a share of those stocks. .But
with the rise and deciine of the stock. the
fortunes of ..the banks . wavered cor
respondingly, " and : : when the inevita
ble! reaction consequent to inflation In any
enterprise set In, the bank was confronted
by conditions which 'necessitated its sus
pension .in 1875. The, excitement following
this* unexpected event was Intense, but
within forty days after closing its doors
The Bank of California redeemed its credit
and standing by, liquidating Its obligations
dollar for -dollar. - On. the day of the sus*
pension otthe bank the genius and enter
prise of Mr. tRalston were stilled by death.'
A prince in prosperity,"] Xalston, like the
Grecians of old, could not outlive the dis
grace of, defeat, and a career that was full
of the, greatest promise l came . to '; an in
glorious close in the' waters of the bay."
The : rehabilitation . of the' bank was ac
complished by.D. O.r- Mills and his fellow
directors, - who; came ' to its rescue : in •- • the
hour of need. -Mr. Mills acted as-president
of the bank "until 'April.' 1878," when he re
signed': in favor of .William Alvord, , a dis
tinguished - financier, who ; has since that
time" ably conducted the multitudinous af
fairsjof the .institution. ' "^■PWttHMMBtl
: Mr;- Thomas -Brown, the. cashier, 1 one of
thf foremost banking men- of the -country,
has been identified with* the '.bank since
liiilll]
MEMBERS OF THE SAN, MA
' TEO HUNT* CX.UB EMJOy/A
GALLOP AFTER HOUNDS* s
his own favorite hunter. Jerry Keating',
the. huntsman, rode. the Bell mare. _ \ .
.1867, end slnce\ Its ~ reorganization ' in 1S75
has been its active manager. Under his
able direction, the bank has paid in divi
dends to stockholders nearly $S, 000,000, and 1
has accumulated profits of $2,800,000 in ad
dition thereto.
The statement of the bank Issued, on
October 1, 1901, shows the assets to be
$20,141,34216. The money, on hand aggre
gates $3,214,655 64, and there Is due from
bankers $3,762,231 52. ■ The loans and dis
counts reach $10,663,411 53. The bank owns
its own premises, 'which : are valued at
$250,000.'; ! .." -. V ': . '/- .
The bari,k has correspondents in all the)
principal pities of the United States and
Europe, and Issues letters of credit avail
able in all of the world. Tne officers
are: WilIi{im_Alvord, president; Charles
R. Bishop, vice president: Thomas Brown,
cashier; Irving F. Moulton and Sam H.
Daniels, assistant cashiers;'' Allen M. Clay,
secretary. The directors -are: . William Al
vord," Charlevi R. Bishop, James M. Allen,
William Babcock, Antoine Borel, G«ori«
E. Goodman; Adam Grant. H. H. Hew
lett, Edward W. Hopkins, John F.'Merrill
and Jacob Starn. .
TO PLEASE HIM.
Fountain Pens Are- the Most Appro
priate of All \9ifts for Gentlemen.
Cooper. & Co., "245 Market street, have,
the most complete assortment of these
pens in the city. iAU leading makers are
represented and pilces range from $1 to
$20, including some, handsomely decorated
In silver and gold. « The Waterman pens
still command the test attention. • -
MS5SS5K: ; ■ .» ■
VETEBAN FIBEIIIEN HOLD
ELECTION OF OFFICEBS
Ballot Results in Selection of F. ,C.
Hensley as Aivsociatioxi's \.
President. /,.
The annual election ;of ofHeers of the
Veteran Firemen's Association of San
.Francisco was held last Tuesday evening,
with the following results: F. C. Hens
ley, president; P. ljjf. Fleming, vice presi
dent: H. L. Blenfleld, first, vice president:
Richard ConoUer. treasurer; ; James Bar
ber, financial secretary; Samuel H.-Drum
mond, recording secretary; board of: dl
rectors-^W. H. Williams, Thomas R.; Ca
rew, John J. Murphy, J. F. Brett and
George W. Kennard. ,; I • -. ..
• The association is composed of members
and ex -members of the city's Fire De
partment who; have served five consecu
tive years. '"' . _ >
< Mme. Bushnell'3 palm ' readings . ar* re
liable—removed to 919 Jones street. " •48
BOOKS ARE HARD HIT AT EMERYVILLE RACECOURSE
CRESCEUS FAILS
IN RECORD TRIAL
Best the Champion Can
Do at Los Angeles
Is 2:07 1-4.
Immense Crowd Watches the
King of Trotters on
the Ti*ack.
LOS ANGELES, TJec. 14.— Cresceus, the
champion trotter, vvas driven an exhibi
tion mile at A&rif.ultural Park to-day m
2:07*4. There wa-i no attempt made to
drive the horse Lo his speed limit, it be
ing announced .'oefore the first and only
circuit of the track was made that Cres
ceus •would be driven to beat Alix's record
of 2K!% Two runners were used as pace
makers to t/je champion. After scoring
twice Ketch am nodded for the word and
the big che/.-tnut was sent away at a good
clip. The first quarter was covered in
:32i4, lv€U;ham urged his horse In the sec
ond quarter, and he passed the half in
This was the fastest part of the journey,
and it for a moment looked as if 2:05^
would be lowered. In changing pacemak
ers at, the half, however, time was lest,
and the three-quarters showed 1:35%-
Fron?. this point to the finish Cresceus
tried a bit and was urged by his driver
with voice and rein, coming under the
wire in 2:07%. The great horse moved
■vrl'Ji the steadiness and regularity of a
piece of machinery, with never a sugges
tion of a ekip or a break.
In repose Cresceus is not Impressive,
but In action the beauty of his gait
aroused enthusiasm, and the finish of his
exhibition was greeted with hearty ap
plause.
There was an Immense crowd, esti
mated at 5000, at the park. The day was
pleasant and the display of smart turn
outs was the greatest seen in Los Angeles
for a long time. Neernut, the California
trotter, made an attempt to lower his rec
ord of 2:12^. The best he could do in two
heats was 2:16%. There were also a 2:12
trot and a 2:20 pace, Cour de Lion tak
ing the former and Maggie McKinney the
latter in straight heats.
The Best Fountain Pens.
We are selling agents for the "Water
man Ideal Fountain Pens," $2 50 to $10
each, and sole agents for the "Marshall,"
the best 51 Fountain Pen in the world.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. ♦
SOUTH SAN FBANCISCO
NATIVE DAUGHTERS' BALL
Enjoyable Social Event Is Given Un
der the Auspices of La Vespero
Parlor.
A social event cf the last week in
South San Francisco was the ball that
was given last night in the South San
Francisco Opera-house at Railroad and'
Fourteenth avenues by La Vespero Par
lor, Native Daughters of the Golden
West. There was a large attendance of
many of the residents of that part of the
city and many friends of the members
who live distant from that section to en
joy the well arranged programme of
dances in the prettily decorated hall.
The entire membership of the parlor,
except those on the committee of ar
rangements, acted in the capacity of a
reception committee, while those who had
arranged the exceedingly pleasant social
function were Mrs. Frances W. Griffiths,
chairman of the committee; Mrs. Nellie
R. Boege, Mrs. Mary T. Derosier, Mrs.
Annie Harrington, Lena B?.uer, Lizzie
Anderson, Lillie Biggs, Mary: F. McDon
ough, Margaret Conway, Salma Swenson
and Mrs. Nora Konnenmana, the presi
dent-elect. The floor manager was Mary
McCormack, the p"resident. She was as
sisted by May Nonnnenmann. At 9
o'clock the Third Artillery band struck
up a march, and the Native Daughters,
together with many of the members of
South San Francisco Parlor of the Native
Sons of the Golden West as partners,
took part in the grand march, in which
many others also joined. During inter
mission the members cf the parlor gave
evidence cf their hospitality by serving
Icecream and lemonafie.
To Enjoy Life.
Take plenty of fresh air. regular exercise and
« bottle of EVANS' ALE or STOUT before or
after. Leading places. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[fin <l r^&*> u t2n*"ii "Vu'^''^fy'»>Ljc^V^XJ I
l^f'~viJ^?''!''''
Or/9 wfc gl o^rf^J*^^Kt^^fiSffJS^
ELM^iIaMJI 5t^i!LP s tsI felt 4 fv 9/^m I
BICYCLES
For Boys and Girls
Men and Women
BAKER & HAMILTON,
Cor. Pine ar.d Marked Sis,
SAN FLvANClSCO.
Purely vegetable, nslld aaJ rrflab'.e. Causes
perfect dlycstion, compile absorption and
healthful regularity. '
For tbe cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver Bowels. KMneyB. Bladder. Female Ir-
r^ultLritlea. Sick Headaehf, Biliousness. Con-
rtiuatlori. Piles and ail derangements of the
Internal Viscera, 25c a box. At Druggists, or
byina" ItADWAY & CO., New York.
STARS SUSTAIN
WINNING GAIT
Play Fast Ball, Easily
Defeating Men; Prom
Sacramento.
Hughes and Waddell Will
, Oppose Each Other
To*"Deiv,
The Senators lined up against the Ail-
American wonders yesterday at Recrea
tion grounds and politely accepted the
usual defeat which seems the lot of the
native talent to receive. The game was .
fast and snappy, occupying but an hour
and twenty-five minutes of play. Win
Mercer, the Washington twirler, was on
the slab for the big leaguers, opposed by |
Stricklett. Mercer was a mystery all
through the game, except in the first
inning. Stricklett's offerings were grace
fully accepted, nine of them being
pounded in safe places. The great
Lajoie had his lamps In better order than
heretofore and swatted the ball three out
of four times at bat.
The Senators began to do business at
the outset, but the pace was too warm.
They had to drop by the wayside after
the first inning. Stanley opened hostili
ties with a rattling two-bagger and
Courtney walked. Both were advanced
on Davis' out to pitcher and first. ,
"Truck" Eagan's hot single scored them.
This was all that Sacramento could do, as
Mercer was too much after the opening
round.
The visitors scored three runs in the
third. Sullivan was hit by a pitched
ball. Mercer took four bad ones and
PicKering was safe on a "fielder's choice,'^
tilling the bases. Sullivan arrived on
Stanley's error and Mercer followed suit
on th< throw in from right field of Fras
er's tl. . Pickering then scored on Lajoie s
single.
The Ail-Americans scored their last two
runs in the next round on three consecu
tive hits by Irwin, Bradley and Mercer.
Bradley's and Irwin's- were good for two
stations each. After that there was
nothing doing, though both sides had
men on the bases.
Courtney fielded in brilliant fashion,
lie had six chances, none of them being
easy, and accepted them In a clever
manner. The infield work of both Brad
ley and Lajoie was fast, while Pickering
gave his usual exhibition of brilliant work
in the left garden. Barrett also distin
guished himself by nailing one out by the
flagpole. ...
This morning at Oakland the Eastern
ers will do another turn with Swing's
crippled band. At Recreation Park this
afternoon the Senators will be given an
other chance to display their prowess.
Jay Hughes, the old Sacramento favorite,
will officiate in the box for them, while
the great "Rube" Waddell will do the
tossing for the stars. The score:
• ALL AMERICA.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pickering, I. t 4 1 1 03 0. 0
Barrett, c. f 4 0 0 0 5 0 0
Fraser. r. f 4 0 112 0 0
Lajoie 2b 4 0.3 0 1 4 0
Davis.' lb 4 0 1 0 13 0 0
Bradley. 3b 4 1 1 0 2 5 0
Irwin. bs 4 111110
Sullivan, c 3 10 0 0 0 0
Mercer, p _2 _1 _1 _0 J> _3 _0
Totals -.33 5 8 2 27 13 0
EACnAMEJfTO. . . .
AB. R. BHJ5B..PO. A.jE-
Sheehan, 3b 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Stanley, c 4 110 2 11
Courtney, c t 3 10 0 6 0 0
Davis lb 4 0 0 06 0 0
Eagan. 2b 4 0 2 0 2 10
Devereaux, es 3 0 0 0 3 3 0
McLa-ughlin. I. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 2
Hughe3. r. f 4 0 1 0.1 1 «
StrfSStt' P 2. 111111
Totals ..." 32 -2 5 0*23 8 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacremento 2 00 0 00 0 0 0 — 2
Base hits 20100020 0—5
All America 0 0 3 2 0 0 0 0 •— 5
Base hits 1 113 2 0 0 1 •— 9
•Barrett out on Infield fly.
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Mercer 2. Stricklett 4.
Two-base hits — Stanley. Eagan, Bradley, Irwin.
First base on errons — All America 1. First base
on called bal'.s — All America 1, Sacramento 3.
Left on bases — All America 6. Sacramento C.
Struck out — By Stricklett 1. Hit by pitcher —
Sullivan. Parsed ball — Sullivan. Time of
rame — 1 :25. Umpire — McDonald.
Angels Shut Out the Nationals.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 14.— Los Ange!es
shut out the Nationals to-day, the score
reading 4 to 0. Hale for the locals pitched
star ball, and the visitors had a sample
of what they may expect when. they meel
the Bostons next summer, by which club
Hale has been signed. Schmidt was in the
box for O'Neill's men and did good work
as a whole. After Sunday's game the Na
tionals will go north to play In San Fran
cisco. N.-.1
FATTENING A BEAB
FOR HUNTER CORBETT
Bakersfleld Sportsmen Getting Big
Game Ready for Ban Fran
ciscan's Rifle.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 14.— Thomas
O'Brien of this city Is fattening up a cub
bear. It cost him $18 to get the animal
here from The Needles, but Harry Cor
bett of San Francisco wants another bear
hunt, so a little expense is not to be taken
into consideration. Corbett is not In on
the play, but as soon as the cub grows
up so tbe sportsman will not miss it more
than two or three times Harry will be tel
egraphed for.
The last bear Corbett -killed proved to
have a pierced nose and -peanuts in his
stomach, according to Colonel Martin
Brady, but the story is not generally be
lievod by the sporting element of this city.
ALAMEDA FOOTBALL MEN
WIN ANOTHER CONTEST
Defeat Wilmerding School Eleven by
„ Scoring Two Touchdowns, Shut
ting Out Their Opponents.
The Alameda High School football team
won another game yesterday from the
Wilmerding School eleven on the Six
teenth and Folsom street grounds. "
The game, which ended 12—0, was Ala
meda's all the way. In the first half Bliss
carried the ball over the line for a touch
down ar.d Baker kicked a goal. .This
eaxne performance was repeated In the
second half. For Wilmerding Taylor and
Marshal did the best work, i Bliss, Rob
ertson, Baker and Dodge shone for Ala
nr.eda.
Mission High. School Girls Win.
The girls 'of the Mission High School
basket-ball team defeated the Atlantas
of the Girls' High School yesterday, by a
score of 15 to 1. The winning team was
made up of Maud Wigham, Olive Boyle,
Laura McCarthy,. Josephine O'Connor,
Georgia Tozer. Nell Labrett, Elizabeth
Johnson. Mary x ilnn and Ada Johnson.
The officials were: Referee, Miss Mc-
Lean; umpires, Miss Lea'vy and Miss C.
C.Kelly.
Earthquake Yesterday Morning.
Shortly after 8 o'clock yesterday^ morn-:
infc a heavy shock of earthquake was felt
In this cily. The vibrations were appar
ently from east to west and the shock
continued for about ten seconds. As far
as is known, no damage .was done, but
many were badly freightened.
Donovan to Fight Queenan.
Mike Donovan and Perry Queenan were
matched yesterday to flght twenty rounds
at Sacramento on the 27th . inst. before
the California Athletic Club. They will
weigh in at 142 pounds at 4 p. ra. Phil
Wand will referee. /•
THE SAN-FRANCISCO CALL"; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901;
ANDRISA, RIDDEN BY J. WOODS,
WINS TRUXTON BEALE STAKE
C=-nt«>l HE brilliantly. won victory of An-
I drisa in the Truxton Beale handi-
I cap, sporting the popular colors of
11 Walter Jennings, one ot the larg
est crowds of the season and the
sound drubbing administered the books
were the. salient features of a splendid
day's sport yesterday -at Oakland.
Incidentally the magnificent work of
Winnie O'Connor should not; be omitted,
Jack Featherstone's rider piloting three
winners and having his chances in the
stake ruined by some unforeseen racing
luck. To be sure, the handicap over a
mile and worth 51300 overshadowed the
other events, and the ten starters^almost
represented the pick' of the horses in
training. Shouldering top weight, 12
pounds, Autolight, the Morris entry, rid
den, by O'Connor, closed • equal favorit«
with Andrisa, looking nicely "in" at 105
and having Johnny Woods at. the helm.
Varro, Rosormonde, Beau Ormonde, Ber
nota and Doublet were all admitted to
have outside chances and helped make
the speculating good.
Horses Sent Away Evenly.
Jake Holtman, after only a slight de
lay, sent the bunch away prettily aligned.
Doublet, Varro, Bernota and Beau Or
monde at once went out setting a warm
clip, with Woods, on Andrisa, right at
their heel3. Into the stretch Hoar had
Varro in front, closely trailed by Bernota
and Andrisa, while about three lengths
tack O'Connor, on Autolight, was strain
ing his eyes for a way out of the pocket
he found himself in. Woods, astride An
drisa, had clear sailing and gradually
running Varro down, won by half a
length in 1:40%, with Rosormonde on the
outside at his saddle skirts. Autolight,
under hard pressure, finished a goou
fourth. :• . - ■
AVhile but three favorites tramped in
first, Lizzella, Old England and Diomed
were all well backed and the books were
fearfully scorched, scarcely one escaping
the bombardment. O'Connor is- always
th*e rage with a holiday crowd,- and as all
of his mounts were quoted at juicy odds
this fact contributed greatly to the ring s
losses. : . '
Hiles Best in the Sprint.
Developments showed that Hilee, the
even money favorite for the opening
sprint, was pounds the best. Mounce was
almost left at the post and then gradually
skirting around his field, won with some
thing to spare. Maresa took the place
from David S. t each being well played.
Nearly half a dozen hot ones were un
corked in the maiden two-year-old event.
Charley Patterson, trainer for Burns &
Waterhouse, thought San Nicholas, a
black colt by Imp. Reggie, "oil from the
can." With Spencer up he went to the
post favorite at 2 to 1. Old England, from
the Morris stable, was also highly touted,
notwithstanding which his price went
Irom 2 to i El Chihuahua also came in
for a strong play. Woods, ort the latter,
got away first at the start, but did not
hold the lead long, being passed by both
San Nicholas and Old England. In a long,
hard drive Old England, under O'Connor's
vigorous riding, outlasted the favorite,
scoring by a neck in 1:01%. Away on equal
terms with the winner San Nicholas
would have won.
Ex-Jockey Johnny Weber's old mare,
Lizzella, piloted by O'Connor and 6 to 1 In
the betting, captured the mile and a quar
ter run in handy fashion. Obia, from P.
Ryan's stable, had a decided call in the
ring, but was beaten before a mile had
been covered, and ran unplaced. O'Connor
made his move on the stretch turn and
taking the lead from Galanthus finished
two lengths before Horton at the wire.
The show went to Herculean. :: ,
No doubt the unprepossessing races run
by Green Morris' big colt Homestead
caused the books to lay 8 to 5 and 2 to >1
against his chances in the Berkeley hand
icap, at six and a half furlongs. Jos'.e G
did her best, but after O'Connor on Home
stead had tired galloping in behind the
bunch he shook his mount up- and beat
the filly at leisure. The Giver did not lack
speed, running a fair third.
Diomed did his best for the amusement
of the crowd in front of the stand at the
start for thp last event. He reared up on
his hind legs and finally succeeded in
dumping Vittatoe. Then he ran riderle33
down to the head of the stretch before
stopping. He had been well played and
his actions so pleased the bookies that
some of them chalked 10 to 1 against the
red iron horse. Vittatoe remounted, and,,
getting away fairly well, ran around his
field and won "at the finish hands down
from the favorite, Commonwealth Attor
ney. Lost Girl, after cutting quite a fig
ure but in the lead, ran third.
Track Notes.
Seventeen booking firms laid odds.
George Rose and Frank Lanterman
swelled the list.
Pat Dunne, whose green jacket with
white cap is familiar to all Western turf
goers, was a spectator yesterday.' Mr.
Dunne's trip to California this winter is
one of pleasure only, his horses being
Siven a well earned rest In the South.
"Longshot" Conley is here and will
again be seen in the saddle. " . ■ .■
■ Bookmaker Joe Rose managed to part
with over 52000 of his bank roll.
O'Connor indulged in some very rough
riding through the stretch in the handi
cap. If he gets in a pocket that is his
own lookout, and Winnie should not ex
pect boys to pull out when their own
horses are not beaten.
Racing at New Orleans.
KEW ORLEANS. Dec. 14.'— Results:
First race, six . furlongs — Automatum, won,
Saul Jack -second,' E. C. Hodate third. Time,
l:W«'i . (
Second race, five furlongs — Little Jack Hor
ner won, Frank Kenney second, Fake third.
Time. 1:03%.
Third' race, /selling, seven ; furlongs— XJterp
won, Brawlad second, Jerry Hunt third.' Time,
1 :33. , - c
Fourth ra.ee, the Preliminary Derby, six fur
longs — Little Scout won, Kaloma second, O'Ha-
WALTHOUB. IS FIRST
IN THE BICYCTLE BACT2
With His Partner, McEachern, He
Carries Off the Honors in the
\ Long-Distance Contest. .
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— Walthour of At
lanta won the six-day bicycle . race by
three yards. The complete score by teams
follows: Walthour and McEachern, 2555
miles 4 laps; Maya and Wilson, 2555 miles
4 Iap3; Newklrk and Munro, 2555 miles 4
laps ; Babcock and Turville, 2555 , miles 4
laps; Butler and McLean, 2555 miles 4 laps;
Xing and Samuelson, 2555 miles 1 lap; Hall
and McLaren, 2442 miles 9 laps; Fredericks
and Jaak, 2409 miles; Lawson and Julius,
2231 miles 2 laps. The record is 2733 miles
4. laps.
Albert Champion, the Frenchman, while
giving an exhibition, ran into a railing on
top of the track and- was thrown. In
falling he hit Bennie Munro, the South
ern rider. Munro was injured. Champion
was badly cut and bruised and had to be
carried from the track. He was taken
to Bellevue Hospital. ;<-j :
Only One Week More
And every shoe of Pahl's ."■will be: gone.
To-morrow there will be on sale '2000 pairs
of 'men's and ladles' shoes, worth $3.50,
for $1.65. This lot consists of 'the very
latest styles in vicl and king kid, box
and velour calf, seal and kangaroo, pat
ent-leather In coin and bulldog toes. De
cember 30 the last day of Pahl's shoe s.*k?
at ?-24 Kearny street, near Bush.. *•
Princetons Meet Apprentices;
The Princeton football team I will meet
the Mare Island Navy Yard ; apprentices
this afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock, at; the Six
teenth and Folsom street grounds.' .The
Princetons have not been scored -against
in three years. The team will be made up
as follows: Johnson, . center; Dineen.and
Tehaney, guards; Mclntyre and Maino,'
tackle^; Rossi and.Cahill, 'ends; Stewart
and Blethen, halves; Clapp, fullback, ! and
Lutz, quarter. To-night the visitors will
be entertained at a banquet by : the
Princetons. . ' • ->
Regulation Football
In all grades, from ?1 up, In the egg
shape patterns at Skinner's, 416 Market' •
THE.. GALL'S.. RACING .FORM CHART.
OAKLANDBAC^
20SO. FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325. ,
~J ! ~ j : I ~~- i - - ' ' ~] ~ !! ~ . ., j " Betting. .
Index Horse. 'Age. Weight. St. %. - %{ Str. .Fin. I Owner aiid Jockey. ". Op,. CL
2040 Hilee, 5.... 114 8 8- .-8 2 1 1 h W. W. Elliott. . .Mounce 1 11-10
2924 Maresa. 3.. .10U 4 ■ 2 2 , 2 3 1 2 24 ■ J. H. Dolan...J. Woods 0 8
20W David S, 3. ......100 3 lnVl.n'3 2 I! ft W. L. Stapfleld.. Jackson 10 J10
2972 Our Lizzie,, 6.. .'..114 6' 5 h 5 h 4 1 4 4 W. H. Ketcheman..Adms 4 5
2S10 Capt. Gaineg, 4.. 117 2 4 2 i, O 1 C 2 5h W. Matthews... Mathews 5 -6
28(52 Corriente, .- a 114 7.02: 71, 51 C 1 J. J. Coulter. .. .Spencer 20 *60
2974 Gold Baron, 5 114 6 "3 h •• 3 1 7 t 7 1 . ' Ki L. Hkskcll..Winslette 60 150
2901 Intrada, 3... .109 1 .7 2 4h 8 ; 8 Wheefer & Creelmn..See , 100 300
Time— Vt. :24; %, :49; '%, 1:14. Bad start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving. Win
ner, W. W. Elliott's b. g." by Himyar:- Grace Lee. HUee.' almost left;-, was pounds th« best.
Maresa Is improving:. David S ran a nice race. Our Lizzie had , a-, tempestuous voyagro.
once almost tailing to her knees. Captain Oaines will win aoon. Scratched — Mission 114,
Modder 109, Alfred, C 117. JRlnaldo 114. .. :■ _-^-_^ ----- .■-'-. -..-.-. -
S!)81. SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
••• •-; ■• i . ] ■ , .';.-■. •- ■■ . Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. >/£. %. ,Str, Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
' Old England. 115 3 2 1 1 % 1 J/4 1 n G.B.Morris..: O'Connor 2 4
San Nicholas..... IIS 0 4h 2 3. - 2 5- : 2 8 Burns & Waterh..Spencr 8 2
2S03 El Chihuahua.... 118 1 12 3.1 3 13 1 Baldwin & Co. . J. . Woods 3 7-2.
2806 Autumn Time.... 10S 2 ; 3^4242 -4 4- Stemler & Co:: Buchanan 20 12
2jJ5C Mont." Peeress. ...108 8 7%"6'1 5 4 58 Chlnn & Forsyth..Fntlry 10 20
2056 • Bassezo ... ..108 « 5 % C 2 02 01 Jennings & Co O'Nell 12 20
2945 Mr. Timberlake...lO9 10> 11 . 8 1 7 1 -7 1 D.A. Honig.;... Mounce 8 8
Our Pride 115 4 10 1 10 81 82 T. H. Ryan Vickery 20 60
2956 The Maniac 115 5 0 2 9^4 9 10 2 John Kane... Prior 12 15
2970 Remele 108 7 84 7210 2 10 5 Liberty Stable.. .Jackson «O W)
....' Rose of China... .115 11 » 2 11 11 11 W. Macdonough-McGlnn 15 25
Time— \' s , :12%; %, :24&; %, :50%; %, 1:01 1,&. Straggling start. Won first three driving.
Winner, G. B. Morris' b. g. by Goldfinch-Queen Bess. Away on equal terms with winner
San Nicholas would have won... Chihuahua did his best. Others outclassed. Scratched —
Budd Wade 115. ■ . l>^.\
S082. THIRD RACE— Hi miles; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to flrst. $328.
I . Betting:. .
Index Horse, Age, Weight. St. Std. ' %. ■ Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2S56 Lizzella, a 107 5 56 5 6 14 12 J. Weber O'Connor B 6
2947 Horton, 5 110 4 3n 4% 32 2 2i J. McGovenu . . . . . .Hoar 4 8-2
(2052) Herculean, 4.. ....109 2 42 31 21 34 Summers & Co. .Mounce S O
2966 Artilla..4 109 flOCO 42 C. W.- Carroll. .A. Kelly 12 15
2947 Obla, 3 :..1O4 1 22 2h 4% 65 P.Ryan Rxnsch 8-2 7-10
2952 IGalanthus. 3..... 981 3 12 11 5 0 ft |J. Coffey.. J.Dalyl 6 15
Time— V*. :25; %, :51; %. 1 :!&/> ; mile, 1:42%; lyim, 2:07%. Goodstart. Won handily.
Second and third driving. Winner, J. Weber's b. m. by Morello-Llzzie Dunbar. Lizzella
had pull in the weights too strong to be overcome. Horton found the new route a bit,
long. ,'Artilla no speed the first part. Ob:a not at herself. Galanthus cracked.
2083. ~ FWR^^RXcls^OnTlnTl^T^^
. ■ ; p- — — — — ■_ — Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. Yi. , %. • Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(2972) Andrisa, 4 105 64% 5^2^ 1*4 Jennings & Co.J. Woods 8-5 13-5
2965 Varro, 3 96 3 2 1 3 n ' 1 % 2 % G. W. Miller ..Hoar 7 15
29G5 Rosormonde, 6. ...98 4 li n 0 1 3h 3n Pueblo Stable.. ..Jackson 5 i)
(2048) Autolight, 3 122 7 8 2 7h 42 43 G. B. Morris... O'Connor 5-2 13-5
2953 Beau Ormonde. 3.. 107 53n4n 72 54 W. Macdonough.-.McGin ,8, 12
2947 Rio Shannon. 4.. .99 9 95 9582 62 J. Coffey ....Fauntleroy 20 SO
29C5 Doublet, 4 110 llhlh 5%75 D. S. Fountain. ..Mounce 7 10
2947 Bernota, 3 .94 2 5 n 2 h' 6 1 8 2 Burns & Waterh's.Ransh 8 15
1783 Edna Brown, 3... 90 8 7 3 8 5 9 3 9 4 K. A. Smith. ...Redfern 10 10
2978 Articulate, 3..... 112 10 10 10 10 10 W. C. de B. Lopez.Kelly 15 30
Time— %. :25; %, :49%; %. 1:14^; mile, 1:40%. Goodstart. Won flrst three driving. Win
ner. W. B.- Jennings & Cb.'s b. m. by St. Andrew-Fannle' Louise. Andrisa well placed and
rated but bumped several times. Too much use made of Varro. Rosormondo had anything
but* a pleasant trip. Beau Ormonde ran a nice race considering his impost. Too far for
Doublet. Autolight pocketed through the stretch. Scratched — Jim Hale 94, The Frettcr
100, Greyfeld 113, Vesuvlan 118, Janice 112. .
# 29S4.' FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlong's; Berkoley handicap; 2-year-olds; first, $400.
! '■ ~~ \ ~~~ Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. Vt.. %. Str. F # ln. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2890 Homestead .. 110 4 41 4n2 1 11 G. B. Morris:. O'Connor 7-5 7^5
(2929) Josie a 109 2 2h lh In 2 1 J. S. Gibson Howson 7-2 0-2
2976 The Giver 100 1 l#2h 3232 Elmwood Farm...Ransch 2 10-5
(2940) Waterscratch 100 5 6 6 52 4 1 Summers & Co..Buchan 5 7
2945 Royalty 102 6 5h,55 4^52 W. B. Sink Jr.. Redfern 8 10
Rubus 92 3 32 32 6 0 Chlnn & Fbrsythe.O'Nell 15 8
Time— 1-10, ,: 07; '4, :23%; %, :48%; %, 1:13%; C%f, 1:20%. Goodstart. Won easily. Sec-,
ond and third driving. Winner, G. B. Morris' b. c. by Candlemas-Sweet Home. Winner
in much too light. ; Josle G did her best. So did The Giver. Rubus is fast and will do
when placed right. Royalty no account at present. ,' . \
20S5. SIXTH RACE^ — One mile; selling; ■ three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
■ Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St - U. • %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl..
2955 Diomed. '4 .......114 12 . 0 -% 5.1 ... 12 12 Brown & Co Vittatoe 6 7
2975 Com. Attorney, >..114 4 0 10 4 2 % ' 2 2 . . P. Corrigan.J. Matthews 3 8
2944 Lost Girl, a 114 3 . 1 % 1 J4 3 1 3 4 E. G. McConnell.. ..Hoar 3 0
2973 Bagdad, 4.. 114 641. 4% 41 44 . H. L. HaskelK.Wlnslette 25 30
2M9 Expedient. 4 ....114 5 11 B 10: 5 15 1 P. E. Smith.... A. Kelly 8 -8
2918 Rose of Hllo, 4.. 114 2 3 2 3 h 6 1 6 % George Webb Spencer 7 0
2543 Grand Sachem, 6.. 114 11 10 h 9 3 7 14 7 2 J. J. Moran.J. McCarthy - 6 10
2975 Meadow Lark, a., 114 ■ 1- : 8 h i 8 h-. .. 8>2-,,8 3.. Elmwood Farm. .Mounce 7 12
2962 Young Morello; 4.117 9 2 H -- 2 2 92 9 3 W. Scharetg. ..J. Woods 6 10
2962 Mrs. Brunell, 3...106 10 5 1 11 10 4 10 4 B. Schrelber. . . . Redfern 6 10
2936 Greyletter ? .."....105 8 12 . • 12" ,' : 11 12 11 15 E. Blazer McGinn '25 CO
29C2 Slssenvlne, 3.....105 7 7 Yi 7 % 12 .12-, J. C. Xealon... .Jackson 10 15
Time — Yt. :25; %, :50%; %. 1:16; mile, 1:42%, Good start. Won easily. Second arid third
driving. Winner, J: G. Brown & Co.'s ch. g. by Red Iron-Lilly Wright. Diomed acted
badly at post, throwing his rider and running down to head of stretch. : He possessed too
much speed for his field. Sachem not ready. . Attorney did his best. ' Morello quit.
gen third. Time, 1:17. - .
- Fifth race, one' mile — Saragamp won. Shut
up second, Janowood third. Time, 1:4-7%.
■BHBBHHBflBHBBBBBHBDHBBHHHBHBBHBnBBaBnaBUBBBBBBHBBBSSaHBBBB^
| OU Want to Feel Like a Young Giant? w*
| Do You Want Strength, Happiness, and §
jjjj %\ .t| If No man should be weak; no man should suffer the loss of that vital element ■
u Wwlw-i which renders life worth living. No man should allow himself to become less a man H
u l^felJIji Til t^ ian . nature intended him; no man should suffer for the sins of his youth when there ri
H m rl ' 1S at hand a certain cure for his weakness, a check to his waste of power. l V
j| _ t fl // ' Most of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach, heart, bra;n and nerves, §
g v^_- .*%:-. \ .j/ from which men suffer, are due to an early loss ot nature's reserve power through mis- g
10 *^^t*' Iff %| • takes' of youth. You need not suffer for this. You can be restored. The very element a
£ ~ =^tSn\ P^i which you have lost you can get back, and you may be as happy as any man that lives. 1
U . V /lgpi?4j|jfc" _ .' The remedy for you is , ' ' g
H .■■■•'.'■ ■ ■.■ ■■ i ■ .. . . - . -- - .. .. ■ ... J"O
'tfMi *■■ - ■■■ ■ ■ ' ' ■ •' U li i& ■ ■>■■ *: ' ''J> :i^ : '. ' ' :■->•?•; " *^'
§ My Electric Belt, with Special 'Electric Suspensory (free), _ An old man of 70 says he feels as strong and young as he did at 35- §
g will restore your ; power. It wilKcheck all unnatural drains and vigorous power and M I
Bl losses and give back the old vigor of youth. opmentto the shrunken parts. a
S Mr. Louis Foscaiina, Auburn/ cai., writes about it: k "i suffered for ten years with i ' It^ cures Rheumatism, Sciatica, Pains, Lumbago, Kidney Trouble. -O
Bl varicocele and the attending weakness, doctored with various concerns without relief. It banishes pain in a nieht, never to retu rt . •: B •
B As a last resort I tried your Belt, and in six weeks the weakness was entirely cured . ,, _ >•;___-_ -ro-»»<.««,^ii «-. • " \.t £3
n . and the veins reduced to their normal condition. I never expected «uch results and V 11 • Tan ? er ' Watsoxmlle, Cai., says: "I wore the Belt only a few times n
S will always be grateful. " , ...... when all pain and weakness left my back. I reccmmenrled it to a friend up g
a This drain noon your power . causes Kidney Trouble. Nox SC a m , e ye T a » d he recelved ™"*e*t «i results.- g
■■'„,■■ ,- j r. u.A-1 ■ i. ' at 1 -J v c What ails y° u? Wnte an( i tell me, and no matter where you are I «
g Rheumatism and Stomach Ailments. You know It S a loss of think I can give you the address of some one in your town that I have cured, q
■ vital power and affects every organ of the body. Most of the Tvexm-ed thousands, and every man of them is a walking advertisement for g
a ailments from which men suffer ckn be traced to it.. . y -c-*_ _,_ . wl ,- •„. ,' A¥ . . , . . , T H
n T ,- , , , , ', :, j . i Every man who ever used it recommends it, because it is honest. It H
H 1 have cured thousands OI men who have squandered the does great work, and those whom I have cured are the more srrateful be- B
H savings of years' in useless doctoring. . ?• ; cau ? e the cure c ? st so little - |
m ' Mv "Rpit ■';« paw tn 'iic^- nnfit nn whpn vnii <rn tr> h^ • vr.ii , Every man who uses mv Belt srets the advice and counsel of a physician «
m My Belt IS. easy .-to use. put It on wnen you go to bed, you f ree . I glve you all that any medical man can K ive you and a lot that he S
gg - feel the glowing heat from it (no sting or burn;, as in old can>t - - 4 »
E style belts), and you feel the nerves tingle- with the new life T IT ™y B L elt - -Write me to-dav;for my beautifully illustrated book, with §
5 ' a ■■•'■• • \ 1 ' -vr- i. • i.u - '• i« im cuts showing how my Belt-is aoolied, and lots of good reading for men who S
| flowing into them... YOU get- up in the morning feeling bke a want to be ?'The Noblest Work of God." A MAN. Enclose this ad and I |
S .two-year.-old. -'. . • . . -will" send the book sealed, free. Consultation free. . jg
S/ ■ / Mr. w. M n r M O MnLjjno'liHn 702 il!arket strccti'"s>,p^g
B ."I can honestly. say I have never felt better than slnciB using your famous -* 71 " • Xl * # V»- ll *v^iaUgiIllIlj At Lotta Fountain,
B -^ J>elt. It has done wonders In my case. My back Is now strong: and every pain omrr- nnim5_» - » ♦ «^« m c^.r, mtm «,-%.
5,f Is gone.: My. appetite and digestion are excellent., and In the morning I feel re- OFFICE HOURS-* a. m . to 8:30 p. m. Sundays. 10 to l. 1" W
freshed from 1 gpod sleep, .and am able to go about my •work in good shape.'.' ■': ' -" . ' . • . NEVER SOLD BT 'AGENTS OR 'DRUG. STORES. " ; H
■■UIHUBIBBBSiaaiBlBHBBUBHHBIIBIIIUBlB
I- Sixth race, - one mile, selinjj — Barbara
Frletchle won, Elsie Bramble second, Trebor
third. Time. 1:46.
MISS WILSON
A FAST HOUND
O. Zahl's Courser "Wins
the Open Event
Card at Union Park To-Day
Is Made Up of Many >
Champions.
Otto Zanl's fast courser Miss "Wilson
won the 3G-dog open stake- yesterday at
Union Coursing Park. She defeated H.
Lynch's Lilac pointless in the deciding
course.' Though the contestants in the
stake are hot looked upon as champions,
they were forced to do some hard cours
ing In the pursuit of the lively hare3.
Heavy scoring was the rule, and the
bunch of relief doga on hand was kept
busy helping the dogs in the stake.
The talent had a great day and guessea
all but four winners throughout the
stake. Early in the day the wise ones
figured Miss Wilson to win the final and
played their judgment quite heavily. As
a result a long line cashed at the long
odds book. • . , ...
In the. final Miss "Wilson was a legiti
mate favorite and should have been at
strong odds, but the talent, well down on
Zahl's dog for stake honors, protected
themselves on Lilac and cut the price con
siderably. . . • ..
The open stake for to-day is made up of
class coursers, many of them recognized
champions. ! The talent is strongly in fa
vor of Palo Alto for the stake. Geary's
dog is against Shadow in the first round,
and because of his phenomenal speed will
lead and beat him on a straightaway
hare. Shadow Is a close worker, and with
a fast hare to score on will outpoint Palo
Alto if the champion shows a desire to
hesitate on the game.
Sacramento Boy is in fine condition and
is a likely candidate for final honors.
Likely winners in to-day's stake are:
Master Claire. Faraway, Roman Athlete,
Auckland, Loyal Lad. Shadow. Silver
Cloud, Harlean Gladys, Flora McDonald.
Fine Form, "Warship, Merrlmac, Haphaz
ard, A. J. Martin, Sir Lawrence, "Vandal,
Tiburon, Elista, Master Rocket, Mamie
Pleasant, Sir Pasha, Cold Shivers, Cast
away, Freda C, Talk To Me, Daisy Clair,
Gold Bug and Sacramento Boy.
Following are yesterday's results, with
Judge John Grace's 'official scores:
Open Btake, first round — J. Hurley's Living
Picture beat - Kelley & Hanley's Lusmagh
Lass, 8-0; • C. O. Peterson's Lady Nellie beat
T. J. Cronln's Maid of Tralee, 7-1; H. Lynch' a
Lilac beat J. D. Cardinell's Jesiby, 7-0; D."»G.
Frantz's Dorothy M beat- J. D. Cardinell's
Union Jack, 22-12; H. Schaffer'a Fair Glen
beat H. Lynch's Black Bart, 8-6; T. Maher's
Lord Goff beat H. C. Beck's Maid o' Gowrle.
8-0; Pasha Kennels' Rich Argosy beat "W. C.
de B. Lopez's B P, 12-10; J. H. "W. Muller'a
Cruiser beat E. Zelph's Glencoe, 8-2; O. Zahl's
Miss Wilson beat Pasha Kennels' Rustic Ar
bor, 10-5; P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brummel beat
T. Maher's Intruder, 26-4; D. G. Frantz's
Motor beat F. Lees' Sweet Locust, 9-6; W. C.
de B. Lopez's Courage beat P. Doyle's Thelma,
8-4; J. Hurley's Jewess beat W. C. Glasson's
Lady Sears, 16-10; H. Lynch'a Clarice beat J.
Hurley's Gramercy, 8-6; C. dock's Alameda
Lad beat D. Henry's Alice Louise. 7-2; M.
Nealon's Agamemnon beat TV. Calms' Lavona,
]0-4; W. Cairns' Imperial beat J. Donley*s
Now Moon, 6-2; "W. H. Robinson's Rosle Free
dom beat George "Watson's Ki Ti,. 33-4.
Second round — Lady Nellie beat Living Pic
ture, 3-1; Lilac a bye; Fair Glen beat Lord
Goff, 8-2; Cruiser a bye; Miss Wilson beat Miss
Brummel, 4-1; Courage beat Motor. 8-2; Clar
ice beat Jewess, 10-2; Agamemnon beat Ala
meda Lad, «1-15; Rosle Freedom beat Imperial,'
11-7.
Third round— Lilac beat Lady Nellie. 18-2;
Fair Glen beat Cruiser, 10-5; Miss Wilson beat
Courage. 15-6; Clarice beat Agamemnon. 1S-0;
Rosle Freedom' a bye. - . ... " -.
Fourth round — Lilac beat Fair Glen 7-4;
Miss Wilson beat Rosle Freedom, 13-4; . Clar
ice a bye. I •
.Fifth round — Clarice ' withdrawn. ■ : .
'• Deciding course — Miss Wilson beat Lilac,
32-0; • ;- . i / .
JAMESTOWN, Dec. 14.— Dusan Puna
vao, an Austrian, who arrived here three
days ago from Fresno, committed suicide
by shooting _ himself in the. head thi3
morning. He was about 30 years old.
PETIT FORGER
UNDER ARREST
Makes Business of Pass
ing Fictitious
Checks.
Victims in This City and
Eastern States Are
' H. H. Hansen appeared before Jni»J
Mogan yesterday on the felony charged^
passing a- fictitious check on E. A. Huute
mann, a butcher at 421 Tu^s street. Han
aen was instructed and arraigned and the
case continued until December 17. A sim
ilar charge was preferred against the
prisoner by John Bellmer of the firm o£
Kruse & Bellmer, grocers, Turk and Lar
kin streets. Harsen represented to them
that he waa president of the Pacific Cigar
Company, with offices in the Donohoe
building. The police say other business
men have been swindled by Hansea in the
same way.
Captain Seymour has received informa
tion from the East that Hansen. who has
a number of aliases, and M. R. Allen,
alias Truman Nye, who was arrested in
this city on a charge of forgery commit
ted in Kansas City and was sentenced
there to five years' Imprisonment on De
cember 5, were partners in crime and were
looked upon as two of the cleverest crooks
in the country. Their scheme- was to call
upon business men, representing them
selves as agents for same largQ Eastern
house, and pass bogus checks on tn»
strength of that representation.
Hansen is known in the East as Frank
Hurlbert, alias Marvin A. Barringer,
alias "W. H. McDonald, alias Martin Al
len. On July 27, 1896, he was arrested in
'Chicago for conspiring to defraud, but
was nolle prosequied. On September 26
following he was arrested there on
charges of swindling, and some of the
cases are still pending against him. On
November 29, lSi)7, he- was received at the
McCloud Reformatory. Minnesota, for fcer
gery in the second degree, from llia^
apolis, was paroled November 27, 1x3,
and discharged March 11, 1899. He was ar
rested in St. Louis on June 9, 1SD9, for
passing bogus checks and was sentenced
to six months in the workhouse. On Janu
ary 9, 1900, he was sentenced to ninety
days in prison at St. Paul, Minn., for mis
demeanor embezzlement, and on March 15
of this year he was arrested in Milwaukee
for passing bogus checks. He waa re
leased on bail and fled. He is still wanted
there.
He was next heard of in Detroit, Mich.,
where he was arrested September 4 on a
charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses. The complaining witness refused
to prosecute him and he was discharged.
He came here with Allen about two
months ago and i3 now under arrest for
passing fictitious checks. Captain Sey
mour has notified the Milwaukee and Chi
cago officials of his arrest.
Special for the Holidays.
A genuine London dyed sealskin jacket
for 9125. This garme/it is handsomely
lined and finished and could not be
eqauled anywhere for less^than $175. Ber
win & Gassner, 110 Kearny street. •
McMillan Pays the Bet.
When the last international yacht race
was sailed D. McMillan of this city bet
Phil Bekeart a dinner for thirteen th.e^
Shamrock would win. Mr. McMillan paid
the bet last night in a downtown restau
rant, the following named, besides the.
bettors, partaking of* the good " things:
Dr. E. N. Short. Joflta F. Farley, Phil
Fay, Hugh S. Hagan," George 5 McCord.
Thomas F. McCann, S. H. Kent, Charles
McDonald, George Jones, Charles Shaw
and W. McCord.
Copies of the. great Christmas edi
tion can be obtained from all agsnts,
newsdealers, newsboys and at tho
Business Office of this paper.MATTEAWAN
AND CREW LOST
Such Is the Belief of the
Captain of the Man- x
zanita.
Signals on Destruction Island
Were Made by Light
house-Keeper.
ASTORIA Or.. Dec. 14.-The United
State lighthouse tender Manzanita re
turned to port to-day from a trip along
the coast. It was expected she would
bring the survivors of the collier Mattea-
b "i thi ? b <t lief w as erroneous. The
n |m e s a f t°i% tb H e t C v, re T T 0f *S mSSw^S
to fyfp ™h«ft tlsSed , t he Matteawan has gone
Zi« % *«>"?«> \vith her officers and men,"
said Captam Gregory this evening. "She
?aeed dufln^Vl the , terribl « storms that
»• ? «hJ S he / ar i y , part of the month,
«^«!Sni«S !L a Ji cUnrtnless overloaded it is
S 5 J? P *v^» n u hat she foundered. It would
?£S?ri£ at ii 8he ,.*K s lost between Destruc
tion Island and Flattery rocks. The crew
ffis h ™? i uc t c r ded I" Settln* the YmaU
boats out, but in such a pale they could
?o thA t re ,^ cl l ed land - Had the y done
bo they would have been heard from ere
THS^fnTX? »? truth to the Sea *tle re
fin^ T«f e * Manza nita went to Destruc
iwnJ? S d^ for ., the P ur P°se of rescuing
shipwrecked sailors. On our trip up the
i^f V W » e *S bserved si enals from the isl
«^ a b . ut , th ey were from the keeper and
indicated that he wished the tender to
l^i P " wS wer £ unabl e to do so in the
gaie. When the weather quieted down
W< L departed for the island, but never did
1 Believe that there were any survivors
£? m l he Matteawan there. There can be
little doubt that the collier is lost."
The overloading of colliers is so notor
ious on the Sound that it is facetiously
remarked that a captain who is unable
to touch -the water from the bridge will
oraer more coal taken on.
Wrecks in British. Channel.
LONDON, Dec 14.— Although abating
over the channel, the storm on the east
coest of Great Britain continues fierce.
The British bark Wave Queen sank this
apiyiing off TVest HartlepooL Seven of
m? crew were drowned.
•"7 rn * Spanish steamer Alangueta. from
Hamburg, -with twenty men on board
went ashore near Sunder'and. The rocket
brigade twice got a line on board the
steamer, but the crew were apparently
unable to understand the apparatus'
Many minor wrecks, involving loss of
life, are reported.
UBS. PATBICK CAMPBELL
ON" WAY TO AMEBICA
Celebrated English Actress Sails
From Liverpool for a Season
on This Side. •
LONDON. Dec 14.— The Cunard line
steamer Campania, which sails from
Liverpool for New York to-day, has on
her passenger list the names of Mrs.
Patrick Campbell, the actress, and David
Nagle. A detective of New York, having
in charge "William Hoeppner, whose ex
tradition was granted by the Argentine
Republic at the request of the United
States Government on charges of defal
cation and forgery, is also • among the
passengers. Hoeppner has been In Jail
at Liverpool since his arrival in England.
He has been treated as a British prisoner
awaiting trial. He was in abject misery
and without money when arrested in
Buenos Ayres. but is now much improved.
He said he nad had a hard time time.
M>ut that the game was up and his fu
ture troubles could not be worse than
these he had already experienced.
8 • --'..-
/%&f:0.i'' You Can Be Cured of 1
f - - -v ft- J 8? D \f 1 1 0 W\ E? sD II I W F^s^ B
wi^^^^J'\ and LOST MANHOOD ft
Full 5 Days Treatment
ABSOLUTELY FREE
| BySealedJMaiU^
"^^Sti^c^L- NO C. 0. D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
For rears th« cry lias gone op from hundreds and The Von Mohl Company deMres Is thst yon^rire tbc
* thouearidF of men, young and old, for a remedy that reined* a fair and thorough trial, and they are will-
«ould rid them of the terrible result of et ,7 follies ing to stand all the expense connected with the trial
--or excesses, or of the overwork and worry th&t sap to prore the faith in iu merits,
the phrsical vitality. nntura nr (■••■•■mim «•.<>. , m^ '
The medical profescioB of this country seemed POWER OF CALTHOS" PROVED.
powerless to cope with the appalling and disastrous The first day you take the treatment you will b«
diseases and annoving weaknesses of men resulting benefited. The second day you will feel an improve-
from violation of Nature's laws. ment. The third day you will note an increase of
PBOF. UBORDE'S V/OaDERFOL DISCOVEBY. £"£& .nd'pKaii^ Th" «&*£,% wm
It remainpd for the eminent French authority, feel like a new man. -If yon suffer from any form
Prof. Juice Laborer, to conduct ecirntific inquiry of Nervou« Decline and Sexual AVeaknem, Sperma-
into the cacse and cure of Lost Vitality, Sexual torrbre-a. Varicocele, Impotrncy, Small Partn. Nleht
Weakness. Spermatorrhoea, Epilepsy. Impotency, Sweats, Palpitation of the Heart, Nervousness, Con-
Emall ParU, and the world today acknowledge* the fusion of Ideas, and Loss of Memory, you can posi-
eupremacv of the wonderful remedy "CALTHOS." tively be cured by "CALTBOI," but if the diseaae
The Von Mohl Company, of Cincinnati. Ohio, has progressed to the stage marked by the symptom*
recognizing the commercial value of Prof. Laborde'; of Epilepsy,. Consumption or Insanity, we cannot
discovery, wen red the role American rights for promise complete recovery.
"CALTUOS," and through its agency thousands DDftMBT aPTtnn IMDhstiiit
of men who suffered from eexna.1 disesjes and en- rnUlllri AUIIUrl ImPUnTANTi
fefliline r.'-rvous maladies Lave l*en restored to As yon Talus your health, your happiness, your
health and the virile powers of perfect manhood. T*ry life, do not drlny br|rf lining treatment.
THP VflH IfTKf rft'C RrMARVARIC nrTD e OD Mohl Company has thousand* of tettimo-
IHt VON Hi JHL bU &. . KtRIAKEABLt DFrtR. B Uli on file from persons who have taken the treat-
*»• «>» now authorized, by The von Slohl Com- ment, showing its marvelous restorative power.
e&ny. to announce that every man who sends simply The Company doe« not publish testimonials, and
his name and addrer j will be supplied abttiltxtely your correspondence ii sacredly confidential.
fr«j« by waled mail, with fire-days fnll treatment Many who take only the fire-days free treatment
of "CAXTHOS." ThU is no C. O. D. or Deposit write that they are entirely cured.
Scheme; and there is positively no condition at- For the sake of your family and friends, as well
tached to the offer. You need not give humiliating as for your own bert interests, write to The Vo«
details regarding your trouble. You need not send Mohl Company for the free treatment by mail, in
one cent of money— not even a fosta«e stamp. All J plain sealed package, at once.
The Von Mohl Co.,492 B, ASSSSSSSSSSSSiSL. Cincinnati; 0.
mj Vi-ii-^ &-SV" ,-^ &J^*KJr V^_y ]f 9
k ~-sr*=<=Sr-^. k - e vcrv us e f ul and appreciable QflM *
f^T^'bT^T^ Chnstmas presents. We offer for the iftltj
!*K -: If, (*tj coming week a line of Ladies' Suit ■ lAv
1 S9 * Cases, leather-lined and well finished, at M.\\ --
i .-v ' .- i'L li|j 't\. the following prices: . -v-^\i\\ ">
*'.[,'££ '-I' T\ 22-inch case ....$5.50 .•
V HE?" '!jj 24-inch case $6.OO \\|
i! ' * :t iJ=Sm* ■illiiiJ These are positively the lowest figure* Yjf/
y.n^frjM ft which these goods have ever. been of- K
I ytW.-^MsC^ •* * n an Francisco. We also have /l\
fnl-^^^^^lA a large line of elegant Sole Leather (A]
IOaT r~'> ' D r, ess Suit Cases, fitted with Ebony KM
*rwr^35 tolIet s . et .? f e »even pieces. These cases VfA
ilfo are satm-hned and have latest improved III
I We also have a large assortment of Alligator f c===5pS^r~-~-_ |T
fV Satchels, Purses and Chatelaines. flgfrgE 'P^^Tl )l
W.\ Here are a few special prices on Alligator #E3F} jS^S?h> f/fl
IVI bags; 10-inch. §2.50; n-inch,?3.00; 12-inch, ffiSlJ HiM
\\1 JJ53.5O: i.vinch, $4.00; 14-inch, $4.50; i S EJ^Sfc'lJvl
TA 5nch ' /Ifeiure of Our Name and Number. . - if
TO I|gcl3£ EHiy St. Above Powell
AMERICA FIRST
FOR COMMERCE
Carnegie Praises Trade
Advances of United
States."
Ironmaster Speaks at Corner
stone-Laying in New
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— Andrew Carnegie
was the principal speaker to-day at [ the
laying of the cornerstone of the new High
School of Comrherce. This is the first free
High School of Commerce in this country.
Carnegie said in part:
"This school is the pioneer High School
of Commerce in New York or in the coun
try, and it owes "its creation to the fact
that the United . States has become the
leading commercial nation in the export
of its * products, even Great Britain ap
pearing now second. The exports of our
agricultural products have long been first
among the nations, but recently we have
entered into competition with them In
manufactured articles, which we formerly
had to import for our own wants. We
are ultimately to be the greatest manu
facturer and exporter of manufactured
articles in the world, as we have long
been of food products, and such schools
of commerce have become an imperative
necessity in the great seaport of the
Union."
The building as now planned will give
accommodations to from 1200 to 1500 pu
pils, who will be given instruction in
every branch of knowledge tending to fit
them for the world of commerce and
finance. The structure will cost upward of
$300,000. It will be ready for occupancy in
about eighteen months. It Is the outcome
of the efforts of the Chamber of Com
merce and the trustees of Columbia Uni
versity.
SON OF BKBT HABTE *
SUMMONED BY DEATH
Reports From England Say the Nov
. elist Has Been 111 With
Pneumonia. ,
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— The Herald an
nounces the death of Grlswold Harte, eld
est eon of Bret Harte, the novelist.
Grlswold Harte was born In San Fran
cisco thirty-seven years ago. He was a
student in Oxford, England, although he
did not graduate from the university. He
began life as a writer of newspaper arti
cles and short stories, but he had not the
literary force and skill of his father, and
his stories, while not without merit, did
not win for him fortune. More recently
he has been Interested in business enter
prises.
Receent letters received by members of
the family of Grlswold Harte from Bret
Harte announce that the novelist has
been ill in London, suffering severely
from pneumonia.
GIVE THE THEATER
TO THE DALY ESTATE
British Lords Settle a Controversy
Over Possession of a London
Playhouse.
LONDON. Dec. 14.— The House of Lords
has unanimously decided the case for the
possession of Daly's Theater here in favor
of the Daly estate. Newton Crane, who
is counsel for the Daly estate, said to
day that the decision not only gives the
Daly heirs possession of the theater, but
awards them about £20,000 accumulated
in court as their share of the takings of
"San Toy."
The balance of the leasehold is worth
about £30,000. In addition there will be
an accounting for damages. George Ed
warde's contract with the Daly estate to
produce musical plays at the theater is
still in force and is not affected by the
result of the suit.
THE SAN rRANCISCO CALL,; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901.
MISS HOAG GIVES A RECEPTION
AT HER RESIDENCE IN OAKLAND
Young Lady Reader^Whp Made Her Initial Appearance Before the
Ebeli Society a Few Months Ag[o, Informal y^Etitertains Friends;
a Pleasing Prograrhme Being Rendered by^ Some of Her Pupils
>n. AKLAND, Dee. 14.— Miss Lorena
/| \|- Elizabeth Hoag, the young reader
II Jl who made. her initial appearance
in Oakland a few. months" ago be
fore the, Ebell Society, was. .the
hostess at a pretty Informal reception
this afternoon'at her residence, 224 Ninth
FKLONY CASES DISMISSED ;
BY JUDGE CABANISS
Complaining Witnesses Refuse to
Testify and Evidence Is Insuf
ficient to Hold.
Three cases of men charged with felony
were dismissed by Judge Cabaniss yes
terday for .various causes. Frank Main,
a waiter in a ' restaurant on Fillmore
street, near Pine, was charged wtih . as
sault to ' murder for shooting John :H.
Ohlson, a bartender, In the heel about a
month ago. Main and Ohlson had. a dis
pute .about oysters not being served
promptly and Main took a shot at Ohl
son. Ohlson refiised to swear to a com
plaint and none of the other witnesses
would do so. ..■'-, .
George Bracken, a riveter at the Union
Iron Works, was charged. with assault to
murder for firing a shot at R. F. Pettit,
a teamster for the Standard Oil. Works,
while he was on his wagon. The only evi
dence was that of Pettit, who testified
that Bracken and another man were
standing on the sidewalk and the other
man called Pettit a "scab." Then a shot
was fired, and on looking round Pettit
saw the other- man struggling with
Bracken for the possession of a revolver
which Bracken had in his hand. Bracken
said he fired in the air, and the Judge
thought the evidence was insufficient ■^o
hold the- defendant. . - . •/>
Charles Murphy, a teamster, . was
charged with attempting to rob Jeremiah
Galvin, an old man, at Fourth and "Clara
streets, Friday night. Policeman W. H
Clay saw. Murphy standing over Galvin,
who was very drunk, and then run away.
Clay chased and captured Murphy. .He
brought him back and Galvin said he had
been robbed. Galvin refused yesterday
to testify against Murphy, who 'said that
two men had knocked Galvin down, and
when he saw the officer he thought it was
one of, the - two men and ran Murphy
was given a good character and the Judge
allowed him. to- go °
YOUNG EAILROAD MAN
TO BECOME A BENEDICT
Engagement of- Miss Volkman. and
P. B. Lund Is Formally
Announced. .
The many friends of Miss Hortense A.
Volkman and P.' R. Lund will be pleased
to hear of the announcement of their en
gagement. Miss . Volkman is the daugh
ter ofC. M.' Volkman, the well. known
produce merchant of this city. ' •
Mr. Lund is confidential clerk to Gen
etal Passenger - Traffic Manager - E ■ ' O
McCormlck of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. He Is considered one of the bright
est young railroad men In this city, and
a very bright future is predicted for him.
The wedding will, take place some time
in the early, spring. /
Killed in the Roundhouse.
H. M. Golding, a laborer employed In
the Southern- Pacific Company's round
house at Harrison and Sixteenth streets,
met almost instant death ■ at 6'- o'clock
yesterday . evening. It was one, of Gold-
Ing's duties to turn the revolving table
from which . thei engines are directed; on
the several tracks. While doing. this duty
yesterday Gelding's foot caught between
the revolving table and the side bulkhead
Before he could extricate himself the pilot
of the engine which was being- turned
caught and crushed him to death. Th»
deceased lived at 415 Eleventh street. He
was a man of family. .
Children on the Stage!
Mrs. Lydia A. Prescott of the Children's
Protective Association swore to a'com
plaint ; In . Judge .Fritz's court : yesterday
for the arrest of D. J. Grauman, manager
of' the Union .Theater, Market 'street,
on the charge of employing a girl under
16 as a dancer. The child is Pearl Clough.
Grauman. 1 called- at the Hall of Justice
and surrendered himself. He was released
on $250. bonds.,- Mrs. , Prescott also .wanted
a warrant ■ for the arrest of W. H. Leahy
of the Tivoll : in connection with the "Pol
lard Juvenile ■ Opera -Company, ■ but as he
simply leased the bulldlnr to the mana
ger of the company,- who has gone- to Los
Angeles, the "warrant was not Issued.
It is said that 1700 patents for the manu
facture of ink have been taken out In
Great Britain.- .-- : - ,,,... -•'
GIFTED YOUNG : WOMAN WHO *
WAS HOSTESS AT A PRETTY
RECEPTION YESTERDAY.
street. The rooms were tastefully decor
ated with smllax. A short and pleasing
programme was rendered during the aft
ernoon by a few of Miss Hoag's pupils,
among them being j Miss Mildred Trlpp,
Miss Leola Hamilton, Miss Alice Daniels,
Miss Riba Baker, , Miss Etta Schrock.
Master Wilbur Haines and Miss Florence
Burrell. Quite a number of other guests
were present.
* • •
The card party -given by Mlsa Geraldlne
Scupham this afternoon, complimentary to
Miss Elizabeth Kinsey and Miss Eda Collins,
was one of the social successes of the week.
The brightly lighted parlors were . effectively
decorated with pink chrysanthemums, red
berries being used. in the library. Eight small
card tables were arranged for five-handed
euchre. The young brides-to-be formed a
charming contrast ' as they received with their
hostess. Miss Kinsey being a rather petite bru
nette, while Miss Collins is tall and. fair. Miss
Scupham wore . a .dainty gown of white silk.
Miss Collins' dress was of steel-blue silk pop
lin, trimmed with ' rainbow tinted lace. Tha
gown worn by Miss Kinsey was or ecru eta
mine over red silk.- with an unlined yoke of
fancy silk embroidery. Becoming picture hats
were worn with the last two gowns. ■ ;•
■The hostess was ; assisted In scoring and -in
serving refreshments by Miss Isabelle Scupham,
Miss Lulu Roberts and Miss Mabel Cooley.
The first and- second prizes were won by Miss
Edith Larkey j and ; Mrs.' Felton Taylor, • the
MAHNKE AMtrSES HIMSELF
f BY BITING"* HIS WISE
Alleged Brutality of Husband Diive3
Woman to Divorce Court for
Belief. \. '.
Charles S. Mahnke Is being sued for di
vorce by Katherlne Frances Mahnke. The
complaint, which: was filed yesterday, is
a tale of brutality. They were married in
1898 and within three months after the
wedding, alleges 'Mrs. Mahnke, her hus
band in a fit of fury bit off a portion of
her breast. Previous to this Mahnke had.
alleges his wife, hurled her with great
force against a. piece of furniture, seri
ously Injuring her. ' On many other occa
sions,: alleges Mrs. Mahnke, her husband
struck her and beat her.
Robert Jackson was granted a divorce
from Rose Jackson for intemperance. The
Jacksons. have occupied the attention, of
the courts for some months. The custody
of two minor children was the first cause
of action. Their- troubles were heard by
Judge Seawell, who awarded the little
ones to the mother. -The father then sued
for a divorce on the ground of intemper
ance. ' Mrs. Jackson < filed . a cross-com
plaint charging him with cruelty and got
a. decree. The. husband* was not satisfied
and secured a new trial of the suit. The
decision given -yesterday by Judge Sloss
not only gives film a divorce, but also the
custody of the children. \ ■■-.■•
A divorce was also granted by Judge
Sloss 1 yesterday ■- to -Raymond L. -Drake
from. Anna "A. Drake for desertion. ,
Suits for divorce were filed 'yesterday by
H. L. Talbott against Lucinda Talbott for
desertion, and Susan- J. Wybro against
Harrison C. Wybro for cruelty.
The Hibernia Savings Bank.
We have in San Francisco one of the
conspicuous . savings :. institutions of . the
United States, It is the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Societv. . .
The assets - of this bank, according to
Its report to the Bank Commissioners 6n
August 17 of this year, were $52,151,234 82.
Of this amount loans on real estate con
stitute $22,734,800 35. Cash on hand, $1,912,
943 97. Reserve fund; $3,101,406 56; and there
is due depositors $48,813,170 37, while Gov
ernment and other bonds amount to $25,
377,136 16.. The writer was informed that
this bank was capable of doing, if neces
sary, the almost -incredible thing of
paying 60 per cent of its depositors with
out calling in a loan. The bank is under
the able management ' of the president,
James R. Kelly, and the secretary, Robert
J. Tobin, two financiers of well-accredited
ability. , Their conservative methods in
sure the safety of .the Interest of the de
positors. ' • - •• ,'-
Postage on ■Christmas Edition.
The great Christmas edition of The
Call, issued December 15, 1901, con
tains 70 .pages 'and will weigh 17
ounces. The rates of postage on this
edition -will be as follows:
Domestic... .. .......... .5 cents
Foreign. . ... . . . . ........ 9 cents '
Archer's Trial Commences.
The trial of George Archer, who is ac
cused, with Tillle Adarga, of having stolen
two gold' watches, valued at $200, and $80
in coJn froin Shannon Jones at the Clif
ford House, '204 Ellis* street, was com
menced In ■ Judge Dunne's court yester
day. The. trial of the. woman will follow,
that of Archer, who. demanded a separate
trial. It is said that the theft was actu
ally committed -by the woman, but at
Archer's suggestion. -
- The stolen property did ■• not belong to-
Jones. It was given to him to take care
of . by Henry - Mueller, a soldier. Mueller
was the only witness who testified yester
day. He said he gave his watch and the
money to Jones ■ because Jones was more
sober than he was. ■ The trial was con
tinued to December 23. ->
Order of Americus.
; San Francisco Council No. 14 of the Or
der of Americus\has made arrangements
to celebrate the third ' anniversary of its
organization^ and ;• institution by • a .< first
class entertainment and dance In Assem
bly • Hall of the ' Pioneer- building on the
evening of Tuesday,' the ■ 17th lnst. *■ >
"co'nsolatlon" '. being awarded to Miss* Elizabeth
Eby., ..
-Among- those who enjoyed the afternoon
were Miss Ada Kenna, Miss Isabelle Kenna,
Mrs, A. S. Kitchener. Miss Wllhelmlne Koenlg-,
Miss Ida Larkey, Miss Edith Larkey, ' Mrs. C.
H. Lovell. • Miss Marian Miller, Miss Ethel
McClymonds, Miss I Ruth Morse, Miss Gertrude
Mansfield, Miss - Ethel -McKay, Mrs. J. S.
Mitchell. Mrs. Lloyd W. Moultrie. Miss Helen
Nelson. Miss Alice Nelson. Miss Carolyn Oliver,
Miss Anita Oliver, Miss Margaret Olceae, Miss
Lucia Oliver, Miss Eva ■ Powell, ' Miss Helen
Powell, Miss Rutherford, Miss Mabel Ruther
ford, Miss Nellie Stevens, Miss Lois Stonslfer, 1
Miss j Florence Stewart, Miss Lucy Simpson,
Mrs. Milton "E. : Spaulding, Mrs. Frank Titus,
Mrs. Florence E. Wells, Mrs. Frank Watson,
Miss. Eva Yorker, . Miss Delia West, I Miss Lulu
Roberts. Miss Mabel Cooley, Mrs. J. C. Adams,
Miss Clara Archibald, Miss Cordelia Bishop,
Miss Mabel , Berry, Miss Cora Ballley. Miss
May . Coogran. . Miss ■ Eda Collins, Miss .Mamie
Chappel, Miss Abble Church, Mrs. H. P. Cat
ton; Miss Ethel Catton, Miss Helen DUIe. Miss
Elizabeth ' Eby, Miss Elizabeth Edelen, Miss
Elsie Fdrnum, Miss Emma Finch, Mrs. Lovell
E Hardy, Miss Evelyn Hussey and Miss Eliza
beth Kinsey. ■ .
Miss . Carmen Ghlradelli, the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. J. Ghiradelll. celebrated the eighth
anniversary of her birth yesterday at her home
on Market street, and about thirty-five of her
young friends enjoyed the occasion with her.
An abundance. of red Christmas berries made
the rooms bright and pretty. The children were
entertained with all - kinds of games. The
usual birthday cake was the central feature
of the feast and the favors were red hearts
full of candy. Prizes were won by Romey
Tormey, Alice 1 Palmer, Elva jj Ghiradelll and
Elise Cahen. " ; :
The children present were: Bessie Bowman.
Alice Davis, Roy Davis. Helen Bon ■ Claire
Bon, Marguerite Gaillard, Carmen Galllard,
Romle Tormey, May Tormey, Carlton Wines,
Wlnslow 'Jones, . Edith Jones, Alma Kahn, .Sara
Kahn, Elise Cahen, Marlon Cahen, Juanlta
Ghiradelll, Elva Ghlradelli. HUdred Putnam of
San Francisco, Elva Brown. Vadie. Rudolph,
Mildred Peterson,\ Adelaide Peterson, Marlon
Clark, - Eleanor. • Clark, Alice Palmer, Genie
Miller, Clement Miller, Gwendolyn Woodward
and Phyllla Woodward.
The Wheelock Whlat Club was entertained
Thursday evening • by Mrs. . J. A. Folger, the
husbands- of- the members being ■ guests also
on that occasion. A profusion of violets was
used in adorning the large apartments and the
supper table.- v j . -
The club will. hold its next regular meeting
at Mrs. Gordon' M. Stolp's residence on Lake
street on the afternoon of December 27.
. The Wheelock i Club Is composed of the fol
lowing members : ■
Mrs. F. J. Kendall, president; Mrs. i Paul
Lohse, Mrs. E. G. Lukens, Mrs. Q. A. Chase,
Mrs. - Ed Palmer, Mrs. Ed M. Walsh, Mrs.
Charles Houghton;~ Mrs. George Cope, Mrs. J.
A. Folger, Mrs. Prentiss Selby, Mrs. E. J. Bar-,
rett, Mrp. - Gdorge Cook. Mrs. Sam Breck, Mrs.
Remi , Chabot, Mrs. John Yule, Mrs. Robert
Moore, -Mrs. Gordon Stolp. - Mrs. Hay ward
Thomas.- Mrs. E. B: Beck. Mrs. A. Fine. Mr3.
Henry Wadsworth, Mrs. Willard Barton, Mrs.
George deGolla and Mrs. Alfred von der Ropp.
Polytechnic High School Graduates.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— The following stu
dents compose the graduating class of
the Polytechnic High School for the
term; Edith M. Benedict, Edith M. Goff,
Louise Goff, Dora Keller, Grace Madden,
Charlotte E. O'Banlon, John E. Cox and
William R. j Wallace. Graduation exer
cise will be held December 19 at 8 p. m.
at the common school assembly hall. The
address will be delivered by the Rev. E.
E. Baker, pastor of the First Presby
terian Church. . .
Class day will be celebrated next Fri
day afternoon at the school.
Attractions at the Theaters.
OAKLAND,' Dec. 14.— At the Macdon
ough-Theater- on Monday and Tuesday
evenings S. Miller Kent and his company
will present "The Cowboy and the Lady,"
a dramatic Western play. ..- -.■ ;.:
Manager Stevens will give "Camille"
during' the coming week at the Dewey
Theater, presenting the romantic " drama
with. the full strength of his excellent
stock comp«!iy. "
ADMITS THE SHORTAGE
IN ESTATE'S ACCOXTNTS
Former Public Administrator Young:
of Sonoma County May Be
<" Prosecuted.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 14.— Former Public
Administrator Thomas G. Young was
brought before Superior Judge Dougherty
this morning, under contempt proceedings
for not obeying the order of the court of
November 25, requiring him to deposit
with the County Treasurer $3200 belong
ing to the estate of the late James Porter.
Young testified that while he was in of
fice* he had kept the moneys of all estates
administered upon by him in a common
fund, and th4t In settling with the Treas
urer there was a shortage of $3200. Judge
Dougherty held that as Young did not
have that sum in his final accounting he
could not comply. with the Brder of the
court. The contempt proceedings were
therefore dismissed.
The. District , Attorney would not say
whether Young and his bondsmen would
be sued to recover the alleged shortage,
but in all probability both civil and crim
inal, proceedings will be instituted.
The estate in which the shortage occurs
is that of James Porter, an aged man,
who was burned to death in his cottage
several years ago. He had no relatives,
and an estate of $3600 was administered
upon by Public Administrator Young. .
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
. \~ And More New Pensions
. Granted. ,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.-The Postofflce
Department to-day issued the following:
Postmasters commissioned — California-
Clarence D. Hotchkiss, Georgetown;
George -C. -Almy, Mentone. - Appointed-
Oregon— Edward G. Bolter, Crosskeys,
Crook County, vice A. J. Priday, de
ceased. ■ ■ . -f-ii-; —<
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Original—Ed,ward : N. Brock, Veter
ans' Home, Napa,' $6; John W. Turner,
Sacramento, $6; Conrad Sheila, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $12. War with Spain
—Joseph McGorian, . Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $6. - Increase — Thomas Yost,
King River, $14; John Connor, Oakdale,
T6. Widows— Mary Row Croft, Elk Creek,
$8. War . with Spain— Grace M. Read, Al
hambra, $12. , .
Oregon— Original— Henry Yeomans, Port
land, $6; James F. Ulm, Dilley, $6; Ben
jamin McMahon, Granite, . $6. : Increase—
Charles I.. Dakin. Hood River, $10. -Wid
ows—Josephine Poe, Medford, $8; Betsey
E. Smith, Imnha, $8.
Bobbers Circulate Stolen Bills.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Dec. 14.— As a re
sult of, the shooting of Policemen Dlnwid
dle^ and/ Sailor: last, night the discovery
has tf&n made' to-day that a large num
ber ; of . the. Montana bank bills stolen . In
the express robbery last July have been
circulated ; here by the man who did the
shooting' - and - ■who, J though wounded , es
caped. .The, bills are- unsigned, .several
having been refused by banks. Two Knox
ville men presented a $20 bill • each at a
store to-day and' were arrested. They aro
known to have been with the assailant of
the officers. About $3800 of I the Montana
bank bills .wa^ discovered here to-day. •
NEW : ADVERTISEMENTS.
IEAIB NATURALLY ABUNDANT.
"When It Is Free of Dandruff It Grows
. ....... .. ... ••-.luxuriantly."
Hair , preparations and dandruff curea,
as a rule, are sticky or irritating affairs
that do no earthly good. ■ Hair, when not
diseased',' • growa . naturally luxuriantly.
Dandruff -Is Hhe cause of nine-tenths of
all hair trouble , and da,ndruff is caused
by a germ. ' The only, way to , cure dan-
druff is to kill; the germ: and, so far, the
only hair preparation that win positively
destroy that - germ Is \ Newbro's Herplcide.
—absolutely, harmless," free, from grease,
sediment. Bye matter or dangerous drugs.
It . allays , itching \ Instantly; makes .hair
glossy and soft; as slllc. "Destroy., the
cause.' you remove the effect"— dandruff.
NEW ENTRANCE
SYSTEM CHOSEN
Changes by University
in Preparatory Re
quirements.
Scheme Permits of Greater
Freedom , in Selecting
Study List.
BERKELEY, Dec\ 14.— The academic
council of the University of California has
decided upon a new system of entrance
requirements . for the general culture
courses at Berkeley which will tend
toward greater freedom for students and
for California high schools in selecting
their preparatory courses. It provides
that students shall be admitted on ex
actly the same terms to the college of
letters, social sciences and natural sci
ences. It frees the student from the neces
sity of choosing a college course while in
the high school as the same preparation
will fit him for either scientific or clas
sical work at Berkeley.
The new system will not be enforced
until 1906. but henceforth any student may
register under it if he chooses. Three of
the fifteen units required for admission
are made purely elective. Under the new
plan the uniform requirements for admis
sion to the three colleges above named
are as follows Cone unit represents five
recitations a wedk for one year):
- English, 2 units; Greek or modern languages,
2, Latin, 3; mathematics, 2; history, 2; physics.
1; elective, C.
Under this system a student may enter
the. college of letters with no preparatory
Greek and only three years of Latin.
The council's report continues:
The student who enters the College of Social
Sciences will, as for admission to the College
oC Letters, offer either French or German or
elementary Greek. . Advanced English may no
longer be offered Instead of French or German,
but as a free elective. One year of history
must be offered In addition to civil govern
ment. One year of advanced Latin Is made an
elective. ■•
Formerly for admission to the College of
Natoral Sciences four years of French and
German, together, could be offered Instead of
four years of Latin. Now that the entrance
requirements are the same for all three . col
leges three years of Latin will be required,
and, In addition, either French or German or
elementary Greek. An additional -year of his
tory will be required. This chanH will affect
very few people, as not more than twenty-five
students receive degrees annually, on the aver
age, from the College of Natural Sciences out
of a total, of 275- graduates, and of these
twenty-five more than half have had prepara
tory Latin.
English history is added to the group of sub
jects that may be offered as units in history.
Required mathematics Is reduced from 2V, to
2 units.
The academic council has been working
a year upon the changes just effected.
Who Owns the Plume?
Mrs. Mary de Laveaga, 812 Filbert
street, appeared before Judge Mogan yes
terday on the charge cf petty larceny,
she being charged with stealing a plume
from the hat of Miss Marie Cassasa,
milliner, 1727 Stockton street, in front of
701 Montgomery avenue, last Sunday
afternoon. Mrs. de Laveaga claimed
that she sent a plume to Miss Cassasa
to be cleaned and Miss Cassasa returned
an imitation article.. When she met Miss
Cassasa, she says, her plume was iri Miss
Cassasa's hat and she took it. Witnesses
were examined for the prosecution, who
declared the plume belonged to Miss
Cassasa, and others for the defense testi
fied that it belonged to Mrs. de Laveaga.
The case was continued until Wednesday
to enable Mrs. de Laveaga to produce
more witnesses.
! L/Iuvi Uvl i3 \JJL +Li&\*ml1
llSWii: STRICTLY RELIABLE.
Correct Diagnosis
Followed by Correct Treatment
Means Success!
A DAHAQED PROSTATE
As a Factor in So Called "Weakness"
Cannot Bs Too Highly Emphasized.
THERE IS NO SUCH CONDITION AS SEXUAL, "WEAKNESS" IN A KAN OTHER-
wise strong and robust, and If the following facts ara understood, be may realize tu»
uselessness of treating it as such. . -
.Anatomy and Physiology teach us that the Prostate gland, so-called neck of the bladder,
is the very center of the reproductive system In the male. Inflammation of any organ In-
variably causes disordered function of that organ and symptoms peculiar to the organ in-
I flamed arise. It should, be apparent that the Prostate, when damaged by long continued and
! too often repeated excitement or the harmful influence exercised by an ill-treated contracted
disorder, that disordered function must result. Congestion of the Prostate, by these factors,
is so long kept up that it finally becomes localized as a chronic affection and a catarrhal con-
dition ' of the ejaculatcry and prostatlc ducts establishes itself. The first symptoms polnttnjr
to this prostatic disorder are referable to the reproductive system-- It is first notice 1 thac
patients suffering from this disease are embarrassed by "Too Quickness." This Is invari-
ably followed. If cure Is not affected, by all those symptoms known as "weakness."
. The greater number of patients suffering from this "weakness" are healthy, robunt men
in every other respect,, men who possibly • have been treated with tonics, electricity, etc..
• for a "weakness, which, if the above has been made clear, will bo understood never to have
existed. Some years ago we called the. attention of the medical profession and others to th«
fact that the above well defined disorders were not weaknesses, but symptoms, results of in-
' flSmmation, and that stomach drugging could not cure, but procedures directed toward repair-
Ing the damage always proved successful, as Indicated immediately by Increased circulation
and renewed strength. I The adoption of this plan of treatment by the profession Is- proof of
Its correctness. Colored chart of the organs sent sealed in plain wrapper free on application.
All V<;ricoceles Should B- Cured.
Varicocele is. an enlargement of th.e most vital blood ve3sels in man. The functions of
these, veins Is to carry oft waste, thus enabling the organs to receive fresh nutrition. The
disease consists of dllitatlon and local stagnation of blood. As a result we find sometime*
' quite Insensitive organs, which are 111-fltted to produce their secretion. Varicocele is n. Terr
common disorder.' Statistics show that 25 per cent of the male population are afflicted with
| some stage of the dlsease.^iWe emphatically guarantee to cure Varicocele In one week at our
office or four weeks of home treatment. We have cured over 3000 cases, without a slngl*
failure o^ unpleasant result.
AVe Can Cure You at Home.
Wi have- made, arrangements with a" noted Chicago Specialist to
use his me'thoJ for the cure of Varicocele, and have just received a
number of his Vibrators, which are gmranteed to cure in*>ne month,
at home, when used by the patient himself. These^ machine* are not
sold, but loaned, and are expected 'to be returned iri gooJ order when
cure is effected. We are willing to trust 'patients for the fee until
cured, and only a nominal amount is demanded from non-residents to
secure the return of thi Vibrator in go3d order.
- Owing to extensive Inquiries by mail from Oregon relative to our methods of treatment
for disorders of Men. Dr. Talcott & Co. of San Francisco have opened a branch office in Port-
land. 250% Alder street, corner Third street. ; where those desirous of obtalnir.s their service*
■ may, have the benefit of personal consultation and examination.
Dr. Talcott & Co., 997 Co ??s^h. st '
CARBOLIC ACID
ENDS HER LIFE
Young Wife Meets Death
From the Effects of '/
Poison.
Whether Deed Was Suicidal
or Accidental Is Not
Determined.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Dec. 14.
Whether by design or by accident. Mrs.
Mae Bee Bernett, 20 years old. drank a
fatal draught of carbolic acid last night
at her residence on Verno avenue. Linda
Vista terrace. Her body was found in bed
at 7 o'clock this morning by Herman Ber
nett, her husband, to whom the young
wife had been wedded two years. He had
been sleeping with their baby, which is a
month old, in another apartment.
The husband and hi» wife's relatives at
the house declare the poison must have
been taken by mistake. Mrs. Bernett had
been In ill health and under treatment by
Dr. Legault since the baby was born, la
her bedroom on a bureau was medlcina
she had been using. Yesterday afternoon
the husband took home a six-ounce vial
of carbolic add, to be used In a wash for
the Infant. The botle was placed on a
stand near the medicine vial.
Last evening about 9 o'clock Bernett
says he told his wife he would take the
Infant to another apartment, that the In
valid spouse might enjoy a night of un
broken rest.
Neither Bernett nor his mother, who oc
cupied a third bedroom, heard a sound
during the night. "When he entered his
wife's room this morning he found her
body face downward on the bed, with the
poison half-gone from the bottle. Thera
was nothing to determine whether the in
valid had committed suicide or had taken
the poison by mistake.
Coroner Mehrmann took charge of the
case and an inquest will be held. Mrs.
Bernett was a native of Crawfordsville.
Ind. Her mother, -Mrs. Wilson, resides at
Myrtle Point. Or. An aunt, Mrs. C. u.
Frank, has her home In this city, and a
cousin, W. B. Pickett, dwells In Berkeley.
The husband is a linotype operator.
Donations Asked for Hospital.
• The annual donation days of the Chil
dren's Hospital are at hand and a com
mittee consisting of Mrs. L. L. Dunbar.
Mrs. G. F. Grant, Mrs. I. N. Walter Mrs.
Rolla V. Watt, Miss Kohl. Mrs. James
W. Kerr-mid Mrs. A>C. Rulofson will bo
In attendance on December 21, 23 and 24
at 227 Sutter street, where donations of
money, clothing and supplies of alt kinds
will be gratefully received.
• ." i : - .. - -» ■
Christmas Presents;
Such as Water Colors, Etchings, Photo
graphs, Statuary, Gold Clocks, Candle
Sticks, Candelabra, Cameras. Dress- Suit
Cases, Trunks, Valises, Pocket Books,
Fountain Pens, Pictures and Frames.
Best values In every department. Visit
ors always welcome. Sanborn. Vail &
Co., 741 Market st. ._ •
Bice Murder Case.
The cases of William Buckley, ' homaa
Moran, Charles Donnelly and Edward
Duncan, charged with the murder of
George W. Rice at Twentieth and How
ard streets October 11. were called in
Judge Lawlor*s court yesterday. Moran
pleaded not guilty and his case was con
tinued till next Saturday to be set for
trial. The other three were given till
December 28 to plead.
4950
ll Xt2- , " \ w\\\\l I WIN If LADIES,' we make our own' MUSLIN OWCM
i &yQh *8m/*fJ& A | I \\m\\\V\ \l\\llili UNDERWEAR, so we know it to be well
t / K \ A'Fak H' >2 I w\\\l *W'JnfE made and perfectly finished In every de-"fii n(( i |rm _
t| \// f«^y ,>-^ \\^ taiL Nothi ? s but llrst clas3 materia J and WDgfl'-ffl
Ml n \>vY /I --^Cv^l^ h \~~~T@^$^iWM flInl!ls/J] fl LADIES 1 SKIRTS, made of best Lons- A™iAnn -
I f. t fNa/l || V f /^W^J^ »?&«/* 6li]e cambric, made with 20-lnch flounce. -ttpiUUo
\\ \\ n i «// -^^H! /# ' \/Mf iWM%W$&W ffl tucked In clusters and alternating with ... .,
II \\l\l il7 y v -~Ss*§mZ^ \ X^j M&ffitMa^ffl/Zn lace insertions running lengthwise, lace -JO'a
Y\ \\\ I!/ s^ JS^lgSS^ J^W/JlullW/7/0W^S^M^ edged under-ruflie of finest Normandy "2^-
; I V\ I** / / f ~-~^//&fJlJllU!k'U'f//ftrS^/Zr?} lacp - extra liust ruffle, full lenpth.
V \ \\-\W / "^^^ width: lace will cost you. more than what
fin \\\ ic |^^ (? JvMiMS!^ "alsoV ladies 7 " 'skirt '"chemise! Ladies',
W < /"*^L>J -', | ti%^aw*^^ sdffimwr sZ/?rf/£l\^l made, of extra good quality Nainsook,
f /Ayx^^LTxJ WV/yJ&P^ jfS/ffl&fM I / — ■•■ fancy round yoke of lace insertion and qjiv
F /'7jr)t^*^^\y^r I / - • beading drawn through with satin ribbon, olia'M§||l
// £# /jK^JSi/jL—^S3»^ \wV/>!^^^^^f 1 / ■•"<••■ arm pits finished with lace and beading
\Jff*t* t f\ Uk^+X?G^<2&j&? xwfj&ZZZzxXiB&r J&f drawn through with ribbon. Must be seen ir n .i n
/^TV^- }M?g0Z^^\ to be appreciated at this price S1.25 USlS,
%w ( \WiwiliB h ° ° iher h ° use in Frisc ° offers such C6
vlir^ks. fflfff/^ W^Wl/it \>'~^Swi economy chances as these right //i <Ae Trimmed
\i l'<rH?^^'M/f/A LADIES' HOSE, made of best quality . .
¥ lls^iy S^xW^^i^^ ■ fine- Maco cotton, fleece lined, double ROp,
' I ¥*^~a)' I \S§S£5T^ Mf/ heels and toes, winter weight, soft, full UVUl
I *rV ls/\/y~~ Wf& A \??^k.'/ . lenpth. very elastic. The kind that will '■■•'" '•■•■■-■ ■■ -
D/litlfv NfictwPJir fnr Fiisiitnimhip r ill!! JiiU v made of best_ American ()f
• i c«« ri.«% app • w^inijr necKwear ior rasmonaoie WlUywi H?iein stripes or figures; U1
A rcW WO0IC8 UfienilSfS \V nmpn all the newest colors; war- _ ....
7hnt u,m nr D *i ~~.. ;- <* • v * ., '- UlfleD. i^r ranted fast colors: double RpflntlfVlTI*
That will greet you in this department to- ■ ladies' OVERCOL- §T neeis and toes, full length ucauui J m 3
morrow — something that will make you open £T ■«. i^ -^ LARS, made of best ** Nothing extravagant about „..,.-,
yourreswhenyouseetheoualityano-ar/ce. t **** = &^ JJU?. 'g^^ and , ; : 3 price .....25c Veiling,
fg, FIRST - LADIES' f=Z T> dafnty lacl Chi^ and in- A Suitable ChriStffllS Gilt. SllOWJT Yet 0R >''
HANDKERCHIEFS K^_j:iJ<l^3 expensive ....10c Mnrf OM * a in P^m 2CC.
-7. made of best Irish FAN CY fllOflerate in YTICQ. .
*i' lawn, scalloped or lace COLLAR AND TIE, LADIES' GARTERS, made of best silk — -
tA-Ti trimmed, fancy Mexl- maae O f best quality soft silk, trimmed elastic, fancy frilled, finished with Ger- "- —
rTCS^ can carved boxes, six with velvet ribbon and lace. Colors, pink, man metal buckles and ribbon bows. «
*"\r^" i n a box ' tled wIth blue and white. Neat butterfly bow. col- A crowd bringer at this price, 25c ; $2.00 •
ff fancy satin ribbon; a lar velvet ribbon and lace trimmed: bow n . •/ c . „ . c « V ,
most - suitable gift; edged with narrow black lace. Joe Rosen- HireCt rrOm Japan, Made CXOreSSly «, ,
• «tt Priced to suit an . 5Oc berg's way of selling...... i;...50c f«- II BldCK
""• iJ °^.««x^> Don't judge the quality by this price. IOr IS.
ivrrrATrr, uAv^iKS^ MEN'S We are making a special sale of a line SELECTION BOUGHT NOW CAN BE Q Q t n01 , . -
HANDKERCHIEFS, made we find a little slow at $1.00 and $1.50, so HELD UNTIL WANTED. OcLlGCQ
?,£.£. ** .^^ ? eat 'y have determined to cut prices. LADIES' DRESSING SACQUES. made
hand-made Initials; fancy boxes of six. LAD ffe s . NEC K RUCHES, made of of best QuaUty extra heavy Japanese TTnriprsiriptc
°J^*;- „ bpst fast black liberty silk full and fluffy silk,' quilted with best quality wadding, Ulllier&liiriS
THIRD-GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS. S full accord eon bleated ends Reru- fro & trimmed front, pockets. In all the
made of best Irish linen, soft and strong lar 51 00 values now pleateQ f ; .. ..35c swellest shade combinations, such as M nm .
neatly hemstitched. Regular 25 cent! ? values now ...^oc Black lined with cherry. Lavender with nOY? >
now 12%e- s * . ■ . . n ... r'ei pink. Blue with pink, or Brown with pink.
FOURTH — LADIES' HANDKER- ACCeptaD.e llOlldaj Ulll. • .Very reasonable at this price, $4.25; QQp
CHIEFS, made of good Belfast lawn, lace THE CHANCE of a LIFETIME to buy S- ' '
JSSStSaffsaS'iS? 1 "- edBes; S?£ H^ D -^ B >,S t E S Mother's Delight— ChiM'sComforJ. =
°? — LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS, from a traveling salesman for less than Just the thing for these cold, frosty nights -' „- „
i e c mSUtChed - <tf* m^is f^chTlIre^ffll offi"
tt r- <~ $^$B?MM&\ Y ei 7 bes i Q K al - t / fyft^S P erior knit fabric,' smooth and' Tn^,'« n )
More Great Monej=SayiDgOpportflniiies fffSB J^wiS^TOS; aWve^ e B So n «ia?1oS th aS3 LadleS
in Oar fiibbon Department. g Fllll Jr 1 ?.^^ ) ' SSS5^ a ifi^ 1 =^! Wool
4 cAance to buy fancy fiibbon for neckwear 1 .L^S SSaS'JSSllTndSSS / S ra °f S^gS p g rt gSlly S 1
cr pillow ruffles. iT^B designs, stuffed with A7 washed aSd win not shrink BO dnj
.f SS^e T VS B ?£^S fai#^K O wV« iM |-n size. 50c; large size, " '■
sh^es for street or evening wear. Only Sgf^^T^^'t&^wZ ifoflSekeeper'S OppOftflnitj.
OR-Miles of ALL SILK RIBBON, «„» 9.A. OK LACE CURTAIN ENDS we bought Wflidtd
fancy cord edge, in all the latest shades V,l™ El!! 0 now..... S««- from a drummer who used them as sam- ualolb
2K inches wide. Instead of 20 cents we Si 22! SSw Sg'S'J Pies; they are made of best net In Renata- '
are selUng this for «%e. 58-W PIUowa now... .....&.t..i«> sance patterns; suitable for sash curtains. H/mr <
„' _. " , ,. „ Worth J8.00 to $12.00 a pair. Not to be flU «
j|. Eeceired, Another lot of Cshioo tappers Made as They StaH Be -^ .^^ ..^ |||
all printed In fancy colors and don't ' Flannelette Wrappers.
nave to be worked. As we only have the ' - 4 w e have just received
one pattern. 'The Harvest Scene in the 4% ' thern so * you can rest as-
?h2m C a? n J^ f «rW haVe d6Cided t0 Rel1 fef^ lured that the st?le is right
them at one price 12c W^ and the prices are right.
SQch Bold Offers as These have Made iM} I^^^^^H^
Th'S Sfnre F^mn«C iF/Mi WRAPPERS, made of good
IUA JlOre ramOIlS. . .■ft/jtifc • quality ■flannelette' in flg-
'- LADIES' GOLF ¥// : Pillft ured effect, flounce trimmed
C& SKIRTS, made of best /w.flfl« bottom, waist trimmed
YIa quality wool golfing /^CD-^i^v with neat wash braid and
JLPJL/*t\ welted seams, stitched /a^i- r ufev«i lined. We were lucky in
T^vvy'Vvv bottom, inverted back, buying them- at a very low
1 F5«LjW perfect hanging and fit- Niui>*^ price and you'll get the .
l|uV-s»«i^ ' iR ?. bcin? strictly benefit. Our i^riee Si)e
\'J2n*rfrrtrs!& "nan-tailored. You could
w^h^e^ri^ 6 we ak lK $1.53 Flannelette Gown Now $1.03.
for this skirt complete LADIES' GOWNS, made of best quality
SI. 50 striped flannelette, double yoke back,
'" ~J\ ' ■' "■'-■ .- • front yoke trimmed with, wash braid, col-
Closing Oat Our Suit Department. SSi^ m^th^ffnk M^k.^S^ a SiS&
We have decided to close this depart- with buttonhole edge and wash braid.
ment, owing to limited space and have Now selling for $1.00
reduced them far below actual cost. The
above are truthful statements and we in- i« v nt . vj an i + n i nnM . Well «ti^
vite jour inspection. if lou Want to Appsar wen ana
LADIES' TAILOR SUITS, made of Vnch'tnaohlv IWccpiI
very best qtiality cheviot, camel's hair. raSniOnaOiy UreSSca
serges and Venetian, in the newest styles. y ou mus t have a CORSET that is
Eton Jackets, new full-gored skirts, some adapted to your figure, one that will
stitched taffeta band trimmed, others br i n g out the graceful lines and hide the
plain. All man-tailored and cut after ungraceful ones. - The only way to obtain
only first-class patterns. this is by* having your corsets fitted by
The Jacket Is SILK-L.IXED. .velvet col- an expert fitter. We have a most com-
lar, color Oxford, Bine, Tan and Black, piete line of corsets, made to fit any fig-
Tnese suits are regular 515.00 and 122.00 ure. however stout or slender.
suits, now selling for S7.5O This week we are selling corsets made
OR LADIES' SUITS, made of best qual- of best quality Italian cloth, bias cut,
lty cheviot, Eton Jacket, velvet collar, new straight front steel, low sloping flare
lined with best quality Italian cloth, taf- bust, medium hips, with the celebrated
feta band trimming-, skirt gored, inverted velvet grip hose supporters attached to
back, perfect hanging, colors Blue. Black hold in the abdomen. Unequaled in qual-
and Tan. Regular $15 suits, now.. §5. 75 Uy and price $1.25
me DnQCMRCRP' 816 MARKET street,
JUC llUOCi«ysLllU Running through to 11 O'Farrell.
Mail Orders Solicited. PHELAN BUILDING.
The Glove louse
(Always Acceptable)
Give to the holders the. decided advantage of having
them filled at their convenience fr^m stock of the
largest, best assorted, most stylish and
durable Gloves in the world. Being specially
manufacturers of Gloves .and Umbrellas, we
have always the best and latest styles.
Remember it is one thing to buy Glove Orders,
and another to. see that they are going to procure
the best Gloves.
CC)l<Nbl< Si()S<ri
' - " - *
MARKET ST. and GRANT AVE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ..DECEMBER 15, 1901.
Merchandise of . every description can be .purchased from »t he
dealers located in the Phelan Block. Attention is called to .the
special offers advertised in this page. -
Mme. Alma E. Keith
MAGNIFICENT . MILLINERY.
Charming, rich • and exclusive
modehs o 1 Parisian and New "5^prk
Milliners, to please the most critical
and fastidious.
We ' have ready-to-wear hats-
trimmings are simple., but neat,
stylish and of good quality.
Jaunty creations: in velvet— feath-
ers, birds or winj?s.
Other beautiful effects! trimmed
with furs, .laces, ostrich pompons
arid plumes.
A very stylish line of mourning
j hats and bonnets. k<£v/,^'
; "{-'Exquisite; Misses' ■' and Children's
HATS.
Extremely, low prices I for hij?h-
class goods. - . "
KEITH'S,,
Phslan Bniidinft, ; 808 Market St.
Will receive as careful attention if Ji 1 I, 1 JL4 %JsL JL Jl » Vr "■ >^ EVENINGS.
818=820 Market Street.
' *■ Jg8$$&- Ptatedware Burnt Leather Wagons
SiM&Mwk Our ov.-n brand, guaranteed. C n*\Ac ' "%°°S?: fn^o J?10 V lfx22 ifS
■' : ' A 24-piece case, containing s"x each
JM&^?&&?tt$tM$ ■'■':< table knives, i^rks and spoons and . • • .■-" ;',- . ' '
M^V^^^tf** '£%' tea Spoons..... .....SS,O«: ' m»m ft ■ . 5?U,O»/^I*XC '-' '■ "~.\
aKSSSS^^^H^I Miscellaneous Bicycles
■ NaP^ rings.... 7uc, $1.00 , &£ sugpent3e rs. in bo, *1 OO.
}^^^^M| i : ■ Triplicate and ■ :SarKSSsg; ln box> 7oc (Cut £rom ( * 5 *>
''^B^^SEP^^^^r • ■' ■ ' ' " Silk mufflers oOc. 75c. J51.OO- . -•.-:.. . ' - ; . .
..^r Stand Mirrors u^r£&vz-£F£r'J?£ Go-Carts and -
'-^^PlM^^i : iM " • Tr 'P 1J c $a. te ' Plain back, 25c to'"- _ _ ■""'„ '-"•"-
'Kl'IlP^' '-1 • ■"''"■* Triplicate; gold plate frame, fancy -'■■~~~~~~. ~~ I/O a 3 DUQQSCS ".-J
' fflSl^"Ji : ■■■■■■■■ -"SlffoO SG * 00 " t0 ! 'V^n^V-Vr":^ GO-CAnTSANDDOLLBUGGIES
lW$m '-^m--- Easel or^stand. gold plate, S31.5O ' ' iTyles^and'.uch 1 lo^w ° P ric^
/P^^^^T^ 1^^ " «»o.<y.. | I | | -^^fl Your choice, 15c to $10.00.
l§?nt'&U* 'f&'rV&iiJr *ii^^ Boys' footballs,- regulation shape.. NOWHERE is shown such a va- iTrHTII^Q
rWw/m&'Z-Wj/fW^zWk •••• '.S1.OO to *4.OO ried assortment at such low prices. v - VUUIC^ ■
<;t ; fl^A<S#» ?#V..^yP.^ ?^^'v^:^:.^Football'pant3,-->6peclal S1.25 ALL, WE ASK IS INSPECTION r > A\rF«_T.miiaa 50c- Game of t?ati
/Rw'^M 4 i^VjSSfl Nose guards ..-. #1. 50 AND COMPARISON. tl $1- -Turn Over 75c- Game- nf
wVT^^vfe^^^^^r*-' ■>- guards.... 50c. Toe. $1.00 -War, i 5c; checker Boards, with
.• y> •* d • ' _, 'J^.m~*-* Checkers, 15c; Crokinole Boards,'.
'■■'Wm * VMfWa 6i I IE* B InfuC 1/ nn A«#» 3?<tP£iC: 98c; Carom or Archasena -
W PS- Vl5H 'UIULK^ fi\ flCJ A*t' 111 TieS Boards (50 games) 82.5O--
;S3 X :5s| One and eight day jeweled, enam- ----,_ .__ _.„___, ... . , -n, *-.j .... •■•.;-. \T
|t¥ \ m ■ eledor plain. gl.rjO to$i>5.OO. KING AIR RIFLES-Nlckel Plated —
■^r \ A wood mantel clock, fancy or plain Barrel, strong spring *•»« f>t • <
>fr"'^ V»Pl' dial, special S3. 75. Other air guns, single shot or. re- I n r» t ct rri Z\ C
Affl o •■; •■' ■ peaters, $1 00 to $2.75 V»III COLIIIC1C3
: s& Sterling Silver s inrn^mpntQ
Ow r -A Red Painted wrn-»menis,
/T%k 13 £1 #T> linnri^ ' . ■»dl I UIUICU CHRISTMAS. ORNAMENTS, less
I I I H vm/VJ'VHCJ than lc eacn . choice of many
M 13 ' : 4 EJ . Pnmh nnri hm«?h in hov fio aa I h^ltfi^C styles, 10c to 50c box of one dozen;.- ,
l.J'LlLVj iSSic". novelties, lb?." - SSc. Tinsel Ornaments 1 C each; OoUI.
H-B-VJf f 0, J3C , p KED PAINED CHAIRS iK^S^SS&Sg
Hsr D riNg s '^i nt «ve? : ?«=•: . . . o2?.SM,rSrh»^
displayed on this coast. The former, Arii^f'a /^IncCAO rattan, 35c to S4.5O -^ • ,
comprise china, indestructible pa- . \JQGia UiaSSGS . • BlrFCtffTI^ '
pier mache, celluloid, brass and ■*: ■•-,.■■ mj ' *Jt«ic» _-....
fine French blsc heads, with r !n o A good "Lemalre" '....grJ.OQ iBraS/ r*/f/>rte!r\n DRT-^rq all *t-o-i«»«i «M .1,., is-
mohair and real hair wigs. Fancy- aluminum.. 1.50 UOK L-XtefiSlOn D 5 UMSl st y Ies and slz |?^
We also-carry all parts requl-ed -, x . • 10 &-i.vv
most complete leather GOOdS TableS
lines of the celebrated KEST- w m*M\r*\s<y ftJ • ■
NER DOLLS both kid body and Genuine alliRato^ club bags^ leath- OAK EXTENSION TABLES.. 23c IViaQlC LanternS/-
jointed 15-inch Kid body, hip and er lined. i$3.1£»» to $«.2fu- T a -~ a - -«--_ a~~* n * / n Mi^. ». ■ ■-' A
knee joints, fine curly wigs, mov- Solid grain, leather lined brass 25c ?o P ' tol^JT" O X MAGIC LANTERNS SJR
, ing eyes, pretty baby faces- drop catches, $1.75 to $3.25. extension, 3oc to 82.oO Betterone3 ntofi^-Tno
Special .....;......... ...»l.Ort Drees suit cases, all leather, ..Better ones, aoc, <oc. »to S.u.UU
18-inch, same as above— Spe'cinl S5.OO- ' ' ir» • -»- a '
SI .<»r» Finger purse, with initials. 35c Rrk\/c" Innl
Kestner jointed, ball and socket Genuine seal or alligator combina- DilyS B UUI . !*»«« "TA*#"^^
• joints, full curly wigs, . moving purses 50e to S5.00- ■ ' I TO li I OVS '
eves, large heads, the very finest Chatelaine bags, alligator, seal or. TL AC i c '
quality made. . S't lr^ s i Patent hcok, 35c to LtteStS 1RO^ TOYS-R. R. Trains. Hook
.,.•„„>, on-pioi • at nrt 8»5>.OO..' ■- .. and Ladders. Hose Carts. *Flre
ifi inch— Sbecill : «l*"-; Clgar ?ases, letter cases, card BOYS' TOOL CHESTS, strongly ' Engines. Fire and Police Patrols; ..
mw innh Snpphl""""""«'> H'-J cases. •» . - v , . ■ • • . made, dovetail corners, well filled Trucks, Ice Wagons, Coupes.
19%-inch-bpeciai fe-.«.> _ . • , with good tools 81.OO Phaetons, Carts, etc.. 10c . to
... ■ . v , Vk II iOlPf 1 fl^P«S rinH Others at 25c, 50c, 65c. ?1 25. $150. ...-S3.00 \
Fine Jo f nt^d Dolls i.uiicv Loaca aiiu n %. ». « 50. to sis.oo .• ■
T T _ ; Tr . TXr _ T _ T , _^ OT T „ , .. a tt*.* '2£!it< ■ A - n y mechanical toy seen on the _^ •-'-■
1E||SS;«: l|ig||i||^^^^g| Doll's Furniture
fancy chemise. # ' . - box, special 75c . • DOLL'S FURNITURE, ln sets.- 10c,
17 inches Sl.OO Photo albums 50c to JR2O.OO- Cm. WT ' • 13c. 25c, 50c. 73c, !i to ....S2.5O
19 inches #l.'jr> Musical albums $4. r»O to 815.OO- oteflm tnflinP<i
Clinches..... 81.73 Autograph albums 25e up. >*.- UICUI " ■-■■yJllC3 r
Dressed Dolls Cutlery J£?£?$£°£?"it:J&. Shoot the
8 to 12 inches 25c Scissors, in cases, S2 25 to $1 50. », $2 50, to S1O.OO />« -
13 to 16 Inches.. ,5Oc Vf.SO. m - cases « * •» . LllllteS
"We have the largest and most Solid bone-handle table knives, ». vw
complete stock of the celebrated 81.50 set of six. T Aac f *\g* c SHOOT THE CHUTES (14 feet
"Anita" kid body dolls,^ shaped Carvers, per. set, $1.00 to vUdSHCIc* long), just the thing for the boys
bodies, full jointed at elbow, nip $35.00. ■ . - ■ ■ • ««> 40
and knee, moving eyes, fine mohair Pocketknives. a full line of all the COASTERS, nicely painted and mmhinaHnn -Rahv Tiim^r Vr,^
' Eight^ther "styieV'of Coa'stere* to ' "\
be found nowhere else ln town. - - - , ■ \
i Baskets j
ne Velocipedes 16 bnly compiete uae
S^atest VELOCIPEDES, all sizes, Enam-
; ' . . ' eled Red or . Black. Steel Tires,
variety • $1 65, $1 T5, J2. $2 50, %% and S3.5O "i"", ' D^.^.1
Rubber Tires. $3, » 25. $3 75, J4 50, DOOKS
of stock ?5 00and S5..50
v. r:.. Ball bearing Velocipedes propor- BOOKS— By Kipling, a different
atihe tionately low. titles, cloth bound, each 10c
• , BOOKS, by standard authors, cloth
lowest --- . g bound. 2 for 25e ■
prices. * ■ ICyCI"5> See our line of 12 mos., cloth
. TRICYCLES, nicely painted and bound.' each 15o
$^50 Ol !7 e 50 e and Steel ""^ •If'-'fi Popular Copyrights, such as Janice
$6 50. JioOand ....... • .....SS.oO Meredith, Puppet Crown, Helmet
Rubber Tires. 56.CO. $7.00, $9.00. of Navarre. LiTke Another Helen.
$11 00 and S15.OO Alice of Old Vlncennes, etc. .98c
' v t I
\' < eh
A? it «
TEETH
Filled and Crowned J
Painlessly.
There is .a tradition that Dentistry is
painful. /It used to be, but with the
latest improved appliances It is made;
painless ,and the discomforts are !
greatly diminished.
Cown a: d Bridge Work, j
When a dentist names a price ridicuVj
lously low for this work something is i
skipped— skill or gold, , usually both.
In either case the work ..will not lasL
This ' branch of .dentistry requires
peculiar, training and skills acaulred
only by long and y extensive experience.
Artificial Teeth.
Teeth mounted , on all the different
plates in general use— gold, aluminum
and vulcanite rubber. 'r':/.- :
•!-' : 'v' ■ ?f '': ■ : ',-"'-' ■'■'Cv^-— — _ ' "■ '. ■-—■ft-
Extracting.
I aim to save teeth and not destroy
them.
T HMORMSj D.D.S.,
PHELAN BUILDING; Parlors 28 to 34.
818-820 Market Street.
JOUR CELEBRATED
Are World Beaters Of
They are made in vicl kid. box calf velour *M* j^»
calf, patent leather and patent kid? all the W&iJw '?
latest styles and kinds for men and women W&W
and EVERY PAIR GUARANTEED W0IDen ' V$mr
fWd also carry all the above styles In the **.
1000 pairs of the famous boys' , Size3 11 to 2. f^M.
■ and youths* "Defenders." the °« -Jr-^Sl lUr;
test school shoes, made. To 4U "#> C\ CT * /f&&H&» l^«, :
asa °.f.k"" 3wee ' i - s " es <pr«^5 mM "t
WE HAVE A CRSAT VARIETY OF * fe J J
Holiday Slippers §M f
» and Novelties
Shoe or Slipper Orders <^^ S
They will be honored at any time. '">
NOLAN BROS., W I
PHELAN BUILDING fi^ 2
■■^H". - ' 812-814 MARKET STREET.' 'BB%T- 1
- |%I^Vg% ' ■ %Open ev ening3. during December. *RELATING TO SOCIETY
last week has been one suc
!| cession of teas. Everybody has
j received, assisted in receiving or
iL been a guest, and the week closed
with the largest and most elabor
ate affair of the season— the Towne and
Worden tea. The debutantes have been
especially feted.
Miss Gladys Merrill was guest of honor
on.Thursday afternoon at a tea especial
ly given by Miss Xorma Castle, although
Miss Merrill is not to make her official
debut <juite yet. More than 100 people
were present and seemed delighted
with the charming simplicity of the af
fair. The young ladies who assisted in
receiving were: Miss Marel Tov. Miss
Laura Taylor. Miss Nora Smiley Mi«=<5
Azalea Keys. Miss Dutton and Miss Niney
de Fins.
Miss Gertrude Jack of San Luis Obispo
had a tea given for her by Mrs. L.imla
Bryant. It was a most informal affair
and the more delightful on this account.
Those present were:
*t*- E. G. Rodolph. Miss Marie Wells. Miss
Mt* Ope. MVr. Daniel Callaghati. Mrs.
Jos^h Austin Mrs. Edward H. Hamilton.
Miss Susie McEweu. Miss Rowena Burns Miss
Eleanor Eckart. Miss Florence Ives. Mrs. E!li
cott._ Mrs. lister Herrick, Mre. William MVir
CJ SVe T,. Jersey « iIrs - °«« r £e Carr. Miss Julia
Ma.u. Mlases Ida and Genevieve Callashan.
Miss Leta Gallatln, Mice Mami* Polhemus.
Mies Jessie FiHmore, Mies Clara Underbill.
MltB Georgle gpieker. Ml«« Mabel Tov. Mrs.
"nilliam Stfnson, Mrs. William Willis. Miss
3n<iia Scott. Miss Ethel McCormlck. Miss
SturUvant. Mtei Elsa Cook. Miss Kalhryn Rob
5neon. Mrs. Chartee Bandman. Miss Ethel
Etowe, Mrs. Fred Hood. Mr*. Charles Shar
rock» Miss L«ta Gallatin. the MUses Ileie,
ZZ%. Hoffacker. Mre. Ruby Bond, Mrs.
w'l 1 . 1 *™ M °T r( > w . Mrs. W. C Kane the Misses
McMillan. Miss Tlllie Feldman.
, M J s i> G £? ree **■ Bradley and Mrs. Ry-
Isnd B. Wallace, 2214 Clay street, gave a
tea on Wednesday afternoon In honof of
Mrs. Guy Scott. The entire house was
splendidly decorated and excellent re
freshments were served. Those who as
sisted ill receiving- were:
n. Mre^ homas Bi s&op. Mrs. A. H. Voorhles.
Mrs. Frederick W. Tallant. Mrs. Robert J.
Mrs. Spencer Buckbee. Mtea VirplnJa
Kojrers Stokes. Jilwi Katherine Herrln. Miss
Pearl l-anders. Miss Marietta Havens, Ml;s
EJeie eperry and Miss Marie Voorhies.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Mignon D. Jacobson to Sam Jacobl. Will
be at home Sunday, December 22, at 511
Van Ness avenue.
They Are Eagag-ed.
The marriage of Miss Mollie r>avis,
daughter of Mrs. Minna Davis, and
Fred Kallsky will taJce place Sundav,
December 22. The wedding will be pri
vat^ only relatives and most intimate
frieRds being: invited.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Jessie Gross of thle city and Charles
Schwartz of Minneapolis.
The engagement is announced of Max
Schiller of this city to Birdie E Fisher
daughter of A. Fisher. They will receive
on Sunday. January 5, 1902, at 946 McAl
lister street, from 2 to 5 p. m.
Mme. Lury Levy announces the en
gagement of her daughter Jeanne to Dan
iel Ruff. At home Sunday. December 22
from 2 to 5. at 1733 Post street, near Web
ster.
Announcement is made of the engage
ment of Miss Reinctte D. Wilson to John
P. Lockwood cf Portland. Oregon,
They're Married.
H^nry O. Westcott and Rosa M. Ellis.
of £an Francisco, were married In OaK-
Acceptable
Christmas Gifts
An Opportunity of a Lifetime
ALL CLEAN. FRESH GOODS
| ONE WEEK ONLY|
o — o
% off
Prices Extraordinary — All of our Imported Pat-
tern Hats, Hats of our own ma^e, Walking
Hats. Children's and Misses' Jackets, Three-
Quarter Coats and Raglans.
Koff tf|
Bap£ain-£etting prices— All our Feather Boas
and Fancy Lace Ruches.
%of? >
Snaps at the price— AH our Tailor-roade Gowns,
Cloth Coats, Flannel, Silk and Sateen Waists,
Skirts, Separate Skirts, Wrappers and Kimonos.
ROBERT WALLACE
219 GRANT AVENUE,
Past 8. Years at 115 Kearny Street.
oocoooeo©ceeoooaoccoot«e©«oe©©oo9«oo©«eo®o«oo
J SPORTING GOODS. %
U CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. %
5" . TENNIS. -FOOTBALL. S
• Tenni* Balls 20c. 30c. 40c Pants-Canvas-Boys 31, gl.25 •
• tan* B*cket«....81.00 to 87.00 Pants-very best-Ws .J*. q
• lUdcet Cover. ...........BOc Heid' H^^.'.V.^V.aS to S4.0S S
2 B^" o« 25 ? « 7 S? Shin Guard........ fT.rjOc to gi'.HH 2
• Capi..... 25c to Sl.CO Footballs 50c to 85.OO 5
S ' BASEBALL. •
5 Learue BaJU 81.OO I Bats........ 25c. J50c. T^c S
J o^B«.ban. loetosoe Sa^a^KSfibs^ •
O Bfiseball UnlTorms from 82.00 &?• ' Catcher's Mitts, Masks, etc. O
S SWEATERS. JERSEYS. 8
8 8
o BATHING SUITS. g
• Boys', plain colors from 5Oe J>P I Fancy colors.... „.. from S1.50 *
- Fancy colors..........— <ron>?y..25 Ladles' Alpaca. Suits S
5 Men's, plain colors from Toe up | from SI. 75 up g
8 h kffTW j 60 Geary Street, 8
s M toWmJmlA) Francisco, |
aP" #^ % " W%/^W9f%/ OPEN EVENINGS •
• KNIUJrlNG CO UNTIL CHRISTMAS. [•
land Iviovember 30. by Rev. E. R. Dille.
Henry Ehlers of Brooklyn, N. Y.. and
Miss Carrie Merrill of San Francisco
were married in Oakland December 3 by
Rev. E. R. Dille.
Rev. E. R. Dille of Oakland united Wil
liam A. A. Bode and Adelaide Doha of
San Francisco December 3.
One of the prettiest weddings of the
winter season was that of Miss Helena
T. Block, youngest daughter of Frederick
Block, to Charles M. GUllgan of Visita
tion Valley, November 23. The cere
mony was celebrated at St. John's Cath
olic Church on Mission street by the
Rev. Father P. D. Brady. The bride
wore an exquisite combination of white
mousseline de sole, chiffon and lace, and
white tulle veil and orange blossoms. Sh6
carried bride roses. Miss M. Leona Gil-
Hgan. a sister of the groom, was maid of
honor. Her bouquet was composed of
American Beauty roses. The best man
wa John J. Perassa, a schoolmate and
friend of the groom. After the ceremony
the guests adjourned to Eintracht Hall,
on Twelfth street, where a reception was
held and the young couple received the
well wishes and congratulations of their
friends. The hall was prettily decorated
with flowers, palms and autumn foliage
from the home of the groom's grand
mother in Visitacion Valley. At mid.
night a banquet was partaken of. at
which many toasts were given and re
sponded to. Hon. Prank M. Burnett
acted as toastmaster. The young couple
departed on a wedding trip to Los Gatos,
where they were the guests of the
groom's uncle, P. J. Mullen. Mr. and
Mrs. C. M. Gilligan upon their return
will reside at S22 Shotwell street, this
city.
Wedded at Home.
A quiet home wedding took place at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. .L. Elkus, when
their niece, Blanche L. Heiss, was joinecl
in wedlock to Arthur B. Sanborn. ;\Vcd
hesday, December 11. Judge Carroll Cook
oRiciated and Trofessor C. Keller playtd
the wedding march from "Lohenjrrin."
After th«» ceremony the guests were
shown to the dining-room ajid partook of
supper, when the health of the newly
wedded couple was drunk. Other toasts
were piven. Dancing followed and then
the happj' pair departed amid the cus
tomary shower of rice.
Home Parties.
On Thursday evening, December 5, a
farewell party was given at the residence
of Mr. and Mrs. Francis A. Mundt. 3711
Clay street, in honor of Messrs. Elass
and Muehlmann, respectively basso and
barytone of the Maurice Grau Opera
Company. The rooms were tastefully
decorated with ferns and palms. In ef
fecting all necessary arrangements Mrs.
Mundt was ably assisted by her sister,
Mrs. William G. Jones. A select musical
programme, participated in by the host,
hostess and the distinguished guests, an<l
recitations by Alexander Vincent, the
painter, consumed the greater part of the
evening. At 10:30 supper was served and
at midnight the artists departed to take
a special train for the East.
Mr. and Mrs. August Koehncke of 2S0S
Greenwich street . celebrated the twenty
fifth anniversary of their wedding Satur
dav evening. December 7. with a. reception
and supper. The reception-room was
beautifully decorated in. sliver, evergreens
and holly berries. The presents received
were many and costly. After supper the
remainder of the evening was spent hi
music, songs and dancing. Those present
■were :
Mr. and Mrs. A. Koehncke. Mr. and Mrs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901.
Nick Britz of Bakersfleld. Mr. and Mrs. Con
rad E. Scheel, Mr. and Mrs. William Thomas.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Koehncke, Mr. and Mrs.
Dleke, Mrs. P.. Hammer, Mrs. A. Keitel. Mj-».
I^ouis Slebecker, Mrs. Marie Schler. Miss Josle
Wekerle, Miss Josephine Britz of Bakersfleld,
Miss Josephine Nagel. Miss Emliie Koehncke,
Miss Zilla Hammer, Miss Flora Koehncke,
Miss Thelma Koldenstrodt, Joe Nagel, William
Hammer, Fritz KoMenstrodt, Fritz Hammer,
August Schumann, Anton Schumann. W. Plun
kett, Fred Becier of Ansel Island, Harry Rap
pold. Master Rudolph Hammer and Master
Walter Hammer. On the same occasion Mr.
and Mrs. August Koehncke's youngest daugh
ter.' Miss Flora, was christened by the Rev.
Paul Branke. :
A most enjoyable birthday party was
given to Miss Anita Douglass at the resi
dence of her parents. Sagamore street.
Ocean View. Saturday. December 7. Nu
merous games, were indulged in and all
had a merry time. Those present in
cluded:' ; .
Mis** Maud Marshall. Miss Kvelyn Marshall,
Miss Hazel Hanell. Miss Margie Haneli, Mi«s
R&efe Uuenther, Miss .Isabel Dalton, Miss
Dolores Lennon. Miss Anita Douglass. Miss
Kllnore Douglass. Miss A. McNally. Miss Eva
Mitchell. Miss Alma Mitchell. Allan Dalton,
■William Hanell. Harry Douglass. Robert Doug
lass, Mr. and Mrs. J. Douglass, Mrs. Daltou,
Mrs. F. Mitchell.
A pleasant surprise party was given to
Miss Nettie Meyers by her young friends
at her home, corner Faith and Brewster
streets, Saturday evening. November 30.
Singing and games were indulged In until
a late hour, when' supper was served.
Those present were:
Misses Nettie Meyers, Rose Grimes, Alice
Merkel. Silva Johnson, Lillie Grimes, Martha
Baker, Augusta Larson, Alma Larson, Anna
Thomson, Anna Anderson, Mabel Anderson,
Aves Rockford, George Grimes, Tom Johnson,
Arthur Baker, Frank Maunder, Clifford An
derson. Clarence Myers, Frank McMahon.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur C. Evans cele
brated the first anniversary of their wed
ding with a reception at their home in
Kast Oakland Thursday evening last.
Th" house was beautifully decorated with
garlands of smiiax and lilies. After a
musical programme supper was served to
about fifty guests. Mr. and Mrs. Evans
were the recipients of many beautiful and
appropriate gifts. Among those present
were:
Professor and Mrs>. R. R. Lloyd, Mr. and
Mrs. H. Rospnthal, Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Plavan.
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Hopkins, Mr. and Mrs.
>%. F. Lloyd. Mr. and Mrs. William Van Pelt,
Mr. and Mrs. T.'vD. Evans, Mr. and Mrs.
McCarthy. Miss Julia Hoag, Miss Anna Hoag,
JI1S3 Laura Price. Miss Ruth McKee. Chester
Bcrnnger. Mrs. William P. Ellis, Miss Kath
arine A trams, Mips Hazel V. Camp, Mrs. Al
bert Stenbith, Mrs. M. Scrivener. David A.
Evans Elmer E. Evans, Miss Emily Evans,
Mlf8 I* Davis, Miss Ruth McCarthy, Miss
Regis McCarthy, William Durant, Daniel Mc-
Carthy, Mrs. E. Man-In, Miss Grace Maivln,
Hervey Roblson.
On . e of t he P ret tiest and most enjoyable
parties this season in the younger set
was that given by Miss Leila Schmidt at
u £ ome - 1Oati K "'s street. Throughout
the house the decorations were violets
and smiiax. After dancing followed a
supper. "With regret the guests departed
shortly after midnight. Miss Schmidt
was voted a most successful hostess.
Those present were:
Miss Leila Schmidt. Miss JCidcIer, Miss Lut
tie Collier. Miss Clineschmidt, Miss Blackwell
Miss Krf-utzmann. Miss Balny. Miss Ceclle
Balny. Miss Stono. Miss HassinRfr, A. K.
Bumff, C. i-ammack. L. llorgenson, A. Lem
berger. A. Stoddard, B. McCoillster, P. Collier
T. Denny, All Schmidt.
T.-A. ? U^ pr « e J pa i" ty was Siven to Miss
fctnel D. Hyde Saturday evening. Decem
ber .at her residence. 35(H Sixteenth ave
nue. South San Francisco, by her many
friends. The parlors were handsomely
decorated for the occasion. A very en
joyable evening was passed with various
games and musical selections, after which
refreshments were served. Among those
present were:
£ The Misses S. Miller, F. Frielas, E. Robblns
B. Nonnenman. l. Kearns. E. Cabu K
Krahn, A. JlcCormick, E. Hubacher E
Stumme. A.. La Grave. L. Wlssel. M. Haggan,
1 « < ; ab^ J " Cous| n». R- Erickeon. M. McCor
mick. M. Spenker. R. Davis, E. Hill. L. Rob
bing. J. Lajourgette. B. Blgrgs, A.
Messrs. S. Turner, H. M. McTreayer R.
Pyle. R. Estep, E. Keefe. A. W| C k« W. Rlch-
% dB 6 9,' B1{ E S ' T - °' D »y- Wj Foley. C. Trapp.
P. Salles, H. Squires, W^Cousins. C. Poik
\\. Cabu, B. Kearns. A. Bruer W. Erlckson J
Lagrave. J. C. Hyde. Captain and Mrs. Harry
Hyde and Mr. and Mrs. John A. Hyde.
'A dancing party was given November
31 by Miss Adele Shaw at her residence.
1601 Scott street. She was assisted in re
ceiving by Mif>s Oliver A. Harker and
Mrs. Ella Shaw. The hall was tastefullv
decorated with bunting: and evergreens.
Among those present were:
Miss Hughes, Miss Brooks, Miss Lillian
Bronson. Misses Kasten. Miss Susie Logan
Miss Beth Shaw. Miss Viola Selby and Miss
Messrs. Adams. Clark. Ward. Emerlck R
Hewson. E. Hackett, Foster, Ray Irisen' g"
Pretz, Ed Bronson, O. A. Harker S. Tafnrider
White. Dr. A. Hackett and Dr. Sullivan.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred H. Hanson of Boston
entertained at 1224 Haight street, this
city, on Wednesday evening to a dinner
and on Saturday evening some of the
university Etudents in honor of Miss
Maude Hlckox of Los Angeles.
Club , Parties.
The ninth annual private masquerade
party of the "Unknown" will be held
January 25, 1302, at Golden Gate Hall, 625
Sutter street.
Las Loraas Parlor No. 72 will give a
Christmas party Wednesday evening. De
cember 18. Besides the Christmas tree, a
short programme will be In order inter
spersed with dancing.
Golden Gate Hall was crowded Friday
evening with a very fashionable audience
which greatly enjoyed the fine programme
presented by the pupils • of ' Miss d'En
nery's Dancing Academy. .
A largely attended meeting of the "Will
ing Workers" was held in the reception
room of the ' Bush-street Synagogue yes
terday afternoon. It was • decided . to
make arrangements for a. fancy dress
ball to be given in the near future. At
the conclusion of the proceedings Mrs.
H. Newhouse, president of the society,
was Invited to the large hall upstairs,
where a pleasant' surprise awaited her.
Rabbi Isidore Myera presented her with
a magnificent Bet of cutglass, the gift of
the members as a token of their esteem
and good wishes, as well aa of their ap
preciation of her valuable services. After
the presentation all the ladies were seated
round three long, tables, tastefully decor
ated, and partook of refreshments. The
affair altogether proved a great success.
The Cynthia Literary and Social Society
celebrated its second anniversary last
Sunday with an entertainment and dance
at Union Square Hall. Part of the pro
ceeds were given to. the McKinley mem
orial, fund. Tho entertainment opened
with an address by the president of the
society, Jerome M. Breyer. The other
participants were: Miss Pauline Olco
vich. Miss Stella Ramon. Miss Ida Kant
rowitz. Henry Auerbach,. Miss Sadie
Meyer, Julian Olcovich, Jack L. Lowen
thal and the Manhattan quartet, Messrs
Fred Scanlon, Harry S. Coleman, George
Sweeney and Robert Davis.
The stage waa under the direction of
Henry Auerbach and the dance under the
management of Harry Rothenberg and
Miss Sadie Meyer. The affair proved a
success.
Friday evening, November 29. a delight
ful sheet and pillow case surprise party
was given by the members of the Gayety
Social Club in honor of the birthday of
Charles Jacoby, vice president of the
dub, at' his residence in East Oakland
The members wore under their ghostly
attire the calico costumes worn at the
calico party given .by the club on the
previous Tuesday evening. Of the many
affairs of this sort given -by the club none
waa more enjoyable than this one
Games and vocal and Instrumental music
together with recitations rendered by
Miss Antoinette Smart, caused the hours
to speed rapidly. A supper was served
at a late hour and the jolly party dis
persed to their homes' In the early hours
of the morning. •
Among those present were: . Mrs. Ja
coby. Miss Daisy Jacoby, Miss Antoinette
Smart, Miss Elinor Broderick, Miss Ger
trude Dwyer, Miss Leah Jacoby, Miss
Harriet Dwyer, Miss Birdie Pllcher. Miss
Caroline Meyer. Miss Margaret Broderick,
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donoho*
bulldlnr. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
18-29, with the electric needle without pain, or
■car; permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
The Sale or Elegantly Trimmed
Hats at $5.00 Each
Will commence next WEDNESDAY, the 18th
in«t.. at MBS. J. COUOITUAN'S, 919 Markat uU
ifi _— . T T j . i o . — .
4 . Until ' ♦ -**- ■AV/llM-Wi ▼ k_^/ LiWW VU Vlv/XXL/ k Until .'
| Christmas j ' • # t/C-/ !| Christmas j
ymi'mmmmmmi^mi And Their Locations *** J
. First Floor First Floor— Rear * Second Floor Third Floor
Gloves, Fans, Handkerchiefs, Leather Goods, Silverware, Fancy Work, Glass Oranaments, Suits, Waists, Mackintoshes,
Neckwear, Feather Boas, Gun Metal Goods, Ebony Goods, Bronzes, Sofa^and Pin Cushions, Bath Robes> Worsted Goods.
Umbrellas, Silks, Ribbons, Shell Combs, Toilet Articles, cSrt"ns!^^^^ Silk Petticoats, Sweaters,
Underwear, Fancy Hosiery. Beaded Bags, Grips, Suit Cases. Bed Spreads, Waist Flannels: Shawls, Eiderdown Goods.
Art Glassware o .' \ Tm \ °^ ing «. ' Ladies' Suits
For Holiday Gifts — Exquisite, SllK. W JllStS Exceptional Values
artistic pieces, in new. shapes, suit- , <jk*\j > Ladles tailor made double breasted
able for table decorations, colorings S ilk Waists that originally sold for 11.75, 13.75, *i5,*i8 * uite; de f^ g0 ? d „ qu ! lit yI hev !f tr
are in rich irridescent and opalescent . t> J J J j/oi#^p flare skirt, Jacket lined with tatla,
effects— a display that must be Reduced to pJ*§O reveres faced with peau de sole, como
seen to be appreciated -here is Commencing to-morrow morning-Beautiftil High Grade In Black and Navy— Price |1 6.50.
how they range in prices: gilk Wai?ts reduced to less than the price of sak _ aU are Ladies' Pine Qualitv Black. Pan
Bohemian Glassware^ stylish and well made, some are handsomely trimmed with lace, Cheviot Suits— Doubit breasted
in odd pretty shapes. some are prettily tucked and hemstitched, others are elegantly tight, fitting jacket taffeta silk lined,
■ Va<A« <t on «t ?r *r rr»tn«*™ embroidered— all are in the most fashionable colors that are with reveres faced with peau da
Rnwk w fa r'Stn A 'Tc suitable for evening and street wear-They are the greatest soie — flare skirt — Suit elegantly
nr-<r A' values yet oflfered by us— not a waist in the lot worth less than tailored throughout— very stylish
Tlftany Ornaments $10.75 many worth up to $15, $16 and all to go at and fine value at $23.50.
in beautiful colorings ... : . one price $7.50- c _ „
Vases $3.00, $7.50 up to $12.50 ~ T T 1 < 1 * T ** Special Offer In
Lothud/wir!' 50 UP t0 9 : 5 ° MariakerchierS Ladies Neckwear
... , • j » • , , . - ' To*morrow, Monday we shall
Unique shapes in dark rich colorings Thousands and thousands of these-dainty squares have been place on sale a special line of
Vases .' $3-85, $4-85 up to $9,50 gathered for the Holiday season— brought from France— from Ladies' Lace Jabots, in Cream,
Genuine Bronzes Germany— from Switzerland— from Ireland and are now being pj n k an( j Blue, with stock collar-
Imported from France and Austria. oS * TC ?. at , F S^P^ R . PR l? E^ > l ,• r tt j \ c P ut U P one in a box for Holida y
Statuettes...$2. 5 o, $ 3.25 to $ 6.00 s White Handkerchiefs -Hundreds of neat, Gifts-Price while they last $1.00.
Vases 625 13 75 to 3700 embroidered designs in scalloped, hemstitched and lace
SmokersSets4'8 5 ' 5^5 to 2 5 '.oo trimmed— Special at 12^c each _ _ Sofa PllloWS
Writing Sets 3.06, 6.50 to 35.00 dtontdesi^m J^'Ptro to« Embnade«d OUld. JTlllUWb
Clocks. 5.75, 6.50 to 1550 Handkerchiefs, m scalloped, hemstitched and lace trimmed— Our assortment is most complete
Also'Seals, Paper Weights, Card Elegant Value 25c each. _ - ; } n artistically finished cushions-
Receivers, Candle Sticks, Cabinet £ dies j Hand-Embroidered French Hankerchiefe — Em- rea dy for use— a great many here
Ornaments etc broidered on very sheer linen— one in a box— Prices 85c to to choose from.
— $12.00 each. . Oriental Cushions $.90
PrnpfiPrp^ Duchess and Point Lace Handkerchiefs— New patterns; Velour Cushions 1.25
I v>il L/^llCLCVJ. large assortment to choose from— Prices range from $1.35 to Tapestry Cushions 1.50
Q\' $40.00 each. / - Figured Satin Cushions 3I35
OliPperS Mens Pure Irish Linen Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, with Embroidered Gibson Cushions 5.35
FT hand embroidered initials, box of six $1.50. Hand Embroidered and Painted
Always useful and acceptable as Men's Pure Irish Linen Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, extra Cushions from $6.50 to $35 00
Holiday Presents. g ne quality, with hand embroidered initials— Special value at "
Ladies' Slippers, hand crocheted of $3 00 a box of six. pi • /****£!. ' '
best quality of Germantown yarn Men's Best Quality "Black Surah Silk Double Mufflers— i^flOlCe VjlltS 111
with fleece lined soft leather soles; Hemstitched by hand— n}4 yards long — Prices $1.00, $1.50, TT - 1,
come in all colors, prettily finished $2 .00, $2.50, and $3.00 each. £ UmbrellaS
with ribbon to match — $1.00 pair. Children's Colored Bordered Handkerchiefs, with colored v/AAX^ i^ / "^
c-n^uu r\f+* embroidered initials — Special at 25c a box of three. A large and handsome assortment
" Ip? ,!>,•■ 1 1 of Ladies' and Gents' Umbrellas,
- Kpfll Shf*l iTOOnS i -r r\"\Tf = * i lt^/n^t^C with handles of ivory and pearl,
rVCdl O1ICH A^JUUUb Vjrlt) VC WlUCrO silver trimmed; also Dresden and
Hair Pins ;/ $ .10,$ .15,$ .25 ea. / . , . • natural wood handles,silvertrimmed-
■ Side Combs 1.25, 1.65, 2.00 pr. Glove Orders make convenient, desirable and acceptable gifts. Prices range
f Neck Combs 1.35, 1.65, . 1.95 ea. — We issue them for any.amount — If gloves are not desired the Ladies ...from $1.50 to $15.00 each
Back Combs 1.65, 2.75, 3.25 ea. order will be accepted at any d2partment in the store at any time. Gents .... from. $1.00 to 12.00 each
■■ Kearny and Sutter Streets . Kearny and Sutter Streets '
Miss Mamie Dwyer, Miss Helen Eibach,
Mies ' Lillie Musing, Miss Bessie Smart,
Messrs, Charles Jacoby, Leonard Adams,
Clarence Smith. Louis J. Oksen, Charles
Jenkins, A. Gulehard, L. Gulchard. Frank
Norrls, A. R. Thiler, Mr. Farnham, ; Mr.
Snaer and others. '
The "So-different Club," ■ an • organlza-'
tion composed; of the following young
ladles will give a< ball in .Washington
Square Hall on Christmas eve:
President, Miss B. Bailey; vice-president.
Miss- Annie Jackson; treasurer,' Miss Lizzie
Woodson; secretary. Miss Ida -Carter: cor
responding secretary. Miss Ella Hathaway; as
sistant corresponding secretary, . Miss Laura
Magee; mistress of ceremonies. Miss Mamie
Gardner; general managers, . Miss Una Taylor
and Miss Julia Kennedy. '
Reception Committee — Miss Beatrice Bailey.
Miss Mamie Allen, Miss Laura Magee,' Miss
Rosa Purcell. Miss Stella Brock. Miss Maud
Godfrey, Miss Ltna Taylor. Miss Julia Ken
nedy. .-. • ■ ■ >
Floor Committee— Miss Annie Jackson, Miss
Alice Gould, ' Miss 'Lizzie Woodson, Miss Bell
Hueston, Miss Ida Carter. Miss Ida Harris,
Miss Lulu- Banks, Miss -Ella Hathaway.
Committee on Arrangements — Miss* -Sadie
Moore. Miss Laura PetUe. Miss Dora Davis,
Miss Mamie Gardner,. Miss Hazel Garfleld, Miss
Essie Whiting, Miss Annie Stigall, Miss Josie
Burr.
Honorary Members — Miss Rosa Stewart, Miss
Mattie Whltfield. Miss Annie Lanpley. Miss
Mamie Cox, - Miss Mamie Hyres. Miss Ruth
Bush, Miss Mamie Brooks, Miss Oatha Robin
son, Miss Mabel Helemo, Miss Celia Turner,
Miss Mamie Grant, Miss Amy Whltfield. Miss
Julia Holmes. Miss Carrie Hyman. Miss Ma
dora Ford, Miss Ida Glllam.
Sailed Away.
The following passengers were booked
in San Francisco, sailing on the Ham
burg-American Empress steamship Co
lumbia, December 10, from New Tork for
the Mediterranean: Alfred I. Esberg,
Comte and Comtesse Rogendorf, Mr. and
Mrs. F. W. Elliott.
On the - Hamburg- American Express
steamship Deutschland. December 12, for
Plymouth, Cherbourg and Hamburg: Mr.
and Mrs. M. H. de Young. Miss de
Young, Charles de Young, Count Kapnist,
Lieutenant" Emil Kuhl, Archibald Sim
mons, Dr. M. Huber. Arf F. Drago. Mr.
and Mrs. John Matthiesen. C. i Hille, P.
N. Nansen, B.Monson, Mrs. John Grote,
Ferd ■ Svendsen, George A. Swanson, J.
Peterson; C. Anderson.
On the Hamburg-American steamship
Pennsylvania, December 14; for Hamburg:
Dr. L. Neumann.
.Personals.
The friends of Miss Mary B. West will
be glad to learn of her return to San
Francisco after several months of travel
in Europe. While in the East Miss West
enjoyed visiting many of the prominent
private schools in Boston and vicinity.
Miss Josephine Armer. has returned to
Sari Francisco from her visit . to Guate
mala. '
Miss Edna M. Rock has returned from
the East and will be at home the second
and fourth Thursdays.'
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Gross have arrived
home after an extended trip abroad.
Miss Viola Raphael will be at home on
the second : and third Thursdays at 1274
O' Fan-ell ■ street.
Mrs. David Marx of Helena, Mont, will
Bpend the winter in San Francisco visit
ing her mother. Mrs. . Charles Brown of
1143 Geary street. They will be at home
on the second and fourth Wednesdays.
.Mr. and Mrs. Malvvn Furst have re
turned from their wedding trip and will
be at home to their friends this afternoon
at their residence, 1011 Scott street.
Mrs. Colin M. Boyd has closed her
country residence and will occupy her
rooms at the Occidental during the winter
season.
Hugo Mansfeldt has recently returned
from a. year's travel. In Europe. Mrs.
Mansfeldt is at present in Paris and will
remain there until after the holidays. -.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Charles Hall have re
turned,to the city. for the holidays. They
spent several months at their country
place in. Lake County.
. Mrs. Luhrs-Cutting has returned froin
an extended southern trip and will re
sume her day at home.
Mr. and Mrs. Emlyn Lewys and Miss
Mary Carrington will spend the holidays
NEWMAN ■ & XEVTN-SOliV
in Pasadena as guests of Mr. and Mrs.
"Walter ; Raymond, at the new Raymond
Hotel, which opens on the 19th. Mr. and
Mrs. Lewys will be at home Tuesday,
December 31, at their residence, 1712 Bush
street.
• Miss 'Amy Steinman • and Miss Hilda
Kline .will be at home Tuesday, December
17. at 1404 O'Farrell street.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Louis Edwards are vis
iting in this city and will remain one
week.
Mrs. A. I>. Brown and son are in th$
city, visiting Mrs. I. Lowenberg, 600 Van
Ness avenue. ,
Mr. and Mrs. M. Wiener and daughter
will leave on the 13th for the East to
spend the winter.
Mr. and Mrs. John Klein have closed up
their San Rafael home and will spend the
winter at the Westminster. 614 Sutter
street. Mrs. Klein will be at home Tues
day afternoons and evenings.
Miss Maybclle Hogan returned Monday
from New York, where she has been
visiting Miss Etta Butler for the last few
months.
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Rothchild have Just
returned from an extended . trip through
Europe. On their .way home they were
joined at Chicago by their daughter, Mrs.
Louis A. Kohn of that city. Mrs. Kchn
brought her little child and will spend
the winter with her parents.
Nothing Better for Christmas
Than a nicely framed Water Color.
Photograph, Pastel. Etching or Steel En
graving. Everybody invited to -inspect
these goods, -which are the best in qual
ity and lowest in price to be found Jn this
city. Sanborn. Vail & Col, 741 Market st.»
■ ♦ «
National Parlor Anniversary.
Th« members of National Parlor of Na
tive Sons of the Golden West will cele
brate the fourteenth anniversary of. the ln
stituion of the parlor by having their new
officers installed in public In Native Sons'
Hall. This will be followed by a pro
gramme of entertainment and dancing.
This event, which will be under the direc
tion of a' committee of -which Daniel F.
Nunan is chairman, will be on the night
of the 14th of January. ■ ; .
Pile and Fistula Cure.
Sample treatment Red Cross Pile and Fistula
Cure and book on piles free to any address.
Rea Co.. Dept. 2,- Minneapolis, Minn. - •
■ ♦ ■
Unknown Han Drowned.
The body of a man apparently about
35 years old was found floating In the bay
yesterday afternoon near Fillmore-street
wharf. The body had been In the water
about two days. Nothing was found on
the person that could establish the iden
tity of the drowned man. ■ ,.
San Francisco's Scientific Dermatologists
m*n\ T '» ' " . ' - - '
In San Francisco, at the parlors of the
New York Institute of Dermatology, a
woman Is on exhibition with the wrinkles
removed from one side of her face and
left on the other side as a sample, to
show what their remedy will do.
It permanently eradicates the very
worst cases of deep wrinkles when all
other remedies fail. It makes women of
50 look 25. You are invited to call and
sec her— seeing is believing.
By a simple painless operation Dr. Ben-
jamin Iji Fowler, our surgeon from New
York, specially trained and experienced In
this work, corrects ill-shaped noses, out-
standing ears, double chin, flabby throat,
sagging cheeks, drooping mouth, puffy,
baggy eyelids, positively without pain or
scarring, and removes all marks and
blemishes • from the skin by the latest
scientific: methods. .A lady is In reception
at the parlors to "explain . .'methods to
callers. Consultation In person or by let-
ter is free and strictly confidential. Call
or address N. Y. Institute of Dermatol-
ogy, Columbian' building, • 916 ■ Market st.
(opposite Emporium), San Francisco. I
Take elevator - to 'fifth floor.
How to Save Money.
The undersigned, who promised to dis
pose of the stock contained In the Mon
arch, 915 Market St., will offer to-morrow
S articles.. They are crackerjacks. First,
E00 all-wool men's suits, worth $13, for
just $4.13. Second. 1000 suits of men's
fleece-lined underwear, worth $1. for 40c.
Third and last, 650 men's stylish hats,
worth $2.50. for 85c. Mind you, I mean
business. The Monarch is going out of
existence. Henry A. Broock, 915 Market
street, opposite Mason. ; *
Is Granted New Trial.
Henry Altmeyer, who was convicted In
the Superior Court of . the larceny of* an
overcoat and a gold watch from, a Post
street lodging-house on June 8. 1900, was
granted a new trial by the Supreme Court
yesterday. It is held that certain evi
dence prejudicial to the defendant was
illegally admitted at the former trial
l|i|ap is the gift display of style and quality at Kel- ap^I
||F^ ' ler's. Jt dispels all the worry that surrounds l^S
|||L the question "What shall I give my hus- jRmi
Illlll^ band?" or brother, or any other man.
grallr It answers the query in a hundred satis-
|||i factory ways and here sre a few of them: /?- \
m$&* Swell Bath Robes Holiday NecKwear
HPT Suggestive of Oriental Our Christmas cravat jEl
fgra| luxunousness: novel de- creations are the pride of J&Wi
W$mtL ' SIK §4 OO *1O K OO correct dressers— and the SBH
Novelty Kelier-shirts £°" S l".oo to I3.50. j
|||l New patters of per- Smoking Jackets 'g : j
E»ij|g3^ factory. There is origin- — Ideal House Coats. jisP I
E||p!r ality and comfort in Comfort-civinc: fabrics, j jKsi
|f|^ these shirts as well -as richly designed. A pres- II: I
HH^ Cm Franric-n 1028-1030 flal-Und 1157-1150 <^S^S
Hp - San rrancis.o, MarketSt . uakianu, Washington s t . |gc^ia|
$3.50 for $6.00 Shoes.
This is an actual value to be had at th*
Felts closing out sale. The stock j la 4
swell line of stylish high grade shots for
ladies. There are many other values
which you can't afford to miss. Sale la
being- held by the "Walk-over Shoe 3tor«.
924-92S Market street. •
Hail a copy of the great Christmas
Call to your friends in the East and
foreign lands.
Watchman Bees' Body Found.
Tho body of "William Rees was fotrad
floating in the bay yesterday mcrnlns
near the intersection of Fifth and Chan
nel streets. He had been employed by
the Wilson brothers as nijajht watchman
on the schooner Henry F. Wilson aid fell
overboard at 3:30 o'clock on the mornlnff
of December 9.
5152
ADVEBTISE2IENTS.
A LARGE STOCK
RICH
HOLIDAY GOODS.
Night Robes ' '
Neck Dress
Gloyes
Underwear
Shirts
Hosiery
Handkerchiefs
Pajama Suits
Umbrellas, Etc.
EACLESDN I CO.,
748-750 Market St.j
242 Montgomery St.
OIL PRODUCERS
FIND NEW HOPE
Promise of Solution of
Their Problem Is
Held Out.
The oil producers of ' California have
now arrived at the most Interesting time
In their career. The Associated Oil Com
pany has reached the point where many
oil companies are about to submit to their
stockholders the proposition to merge
their Interests and to sink their identity
as individuals In one corporation of great
strength. Some of the oil-producing com
panies have already sanctioned the plan,
seeing In it the only seeming chance there
is to prevent the producers from endlessly
continuing the ruinous competition that
has been progressing for many months,
and which has resulted in a price for oil
that Is ridiculously low. considering that
oil has to compete only with high-priced
coal.
Some companies will vote by stockhold
ers on the Associated Oil Company's prop
osition in January. Others will find out
what their stockholders think by vote
taken In February. In the next eight or
ten weeks the future of the oil Industry
of California for a considerable period
will hence be determined.
The action that has already been taken
by stockholders of companies that have
put the matter to the test of a vote would
.-eem to indicate that the combination
that Is sought will be accomplished. A pool
cf the product of Southern I California
wells, while retaining the lndidvidual or
ganizations of the several companies, has
been faithfully tried and the trial has re
sulted In failure to keep up the price of
oil, although there was temporary relief.
Los Angeles and the Kern River country
oil-producing districts are in the same
condition In the matter of having a large
surplus of oil for which a market has
not yet been found.
Locks Favorably on Combine.
"When the Kern River district field was
opened Los Angeles lost the Ban Fran
cisco market, which has since been large
ly in the hands of the producers of Kern
County. Los Angeles looks favorably on
the combine of the Associated Oil Com
pany for the reason that a raise of the
price for the Kern County product would
help all along the line.
The contracts which have been placed
by the Standard Oil Company in the East
for steamships to bo used for the trans
portation of crude petroleum call for ves
sels that are 250. feet long and will have
a minimum capacity of 1,500,000 gallons
each. Not an American steamer is now
engaged in the European oil trade. The
Cramps have the contract for building the
petroleum carriers. The National Oil Re
porter says that the expenditure of sev
eral millions of dollars is called for as the
price to be paid for the vessels.
The National Banker of Chicago has a
remedy for the unloading, of valueless oil
stocks upon unsuspecting Eastern pur
chasers. Its proposition is that prospect
ive buyers should find out the exact loca
tions of the company and the character of
the company's land; the amount of capital
stock and what proportion the treasury
stock bears to that capital and what fin
ancial Interest the promoters and the
stockholders have contributed; Quantity
of oil and production of the wells of the
company seeking to sell stock. "There are
a good many companies," says the,Bank
er, "that have not even a derrick up, but
the financial test Is their management
and location." How the people are to as
certain these facts Is not set forth.
Pennsylvania Fields Active.
According to the report of the Oil City
Derrick there were 766 new wells com
pleted In the Pennsylvania field In the
month of November. There were then 1049
rigs and drilling wells, an increase being
shown of 54 wells and 563 barrels new pro
duction. In Ohio and Indiana fields 541
wells were completed. The new produc
tion was 8621 barrels, and there were six
ty-one dry holes. At the end of the month
there were C54 rigs and drilling wells being
operated, a decline of thirty-four. - -
The tankage in the Kern River district
amounts to 1,296,000 barrels, -which is dis
tributed as follows:
The Southern Pacific Railway Company 70 -
000 barrels; th« Union Oil Company, 70 000-
Standard Oil Company (completed). 605,000
.Standard Oil Company (building), 025,000* pri
vate companies, 875,000; San Joaqutn, 38 000-
? V5 Sl» Cru<le ' S500 °: Kern Oil.. 35,000; Canfleld,'
.'IS.OOO; West Shore, 25.000; Imperial 74 000-
Mo^? Crlsto. 35,000; Sterling, 10.000; Giobe'
3 0.000; Petroleum Development. 35.000: Revel
Z&SZxkSSZ-'***' 7^ TotaI barrelB
Wilhelmina and Henry Drive.
I/DIs-DON. Dec 14.-Th« Amsterdam
correspondent of the Daily Express says
t^ a^? ue 3 n and Prince Henry
of The Netherlands, her husband, drove
in an open carriage through Appledorn
to-day. The correspondent adds the royal
pair will return to The Hague to-morrow
A3DVEBTISEMENTS.
S8*v0rders
dainty sachets
L m m — i^— -S *-***' ' — ■■_■■■ |
will bo honored in
over I3O .&torait»irv
tha United States
SzJes room; 200 rost 5t
W.M.SrrvitK Agaivt
MINERS BEGIN
SEASON'S WORK
California and Sister
States Are Delving
Eagerly.
Close Observers Cffer New-
Suggestions to the Ore
'''-" Seekers.
The indications all continue to be favor
able for an excellent mining season in
California. Activity is increasing in Ne
vada under the stimulus of the successes
at Tonopah. Searchlight, Wedekind and
other localities. Interest is shown in Ore
gon, and Arizona properties , by Eastern
moneyed men. On the Mother Lode and
in other localities in this State work is
progressing: satisfactorily. Of the opera
tions in the vicinity of the Mother .Lode
the Stockton Independent says:
Everyone along the Mother Lode ia happy as
the mines are -opening at- a lively rate these
days. The rains have greatly increased the
supply or water. Streams which have been
dry a good part of the summer arc carrying
considerable water and reservoirs are filling
up at a fast rate. Idle miners are being put
to work, which means that all- business In
the mountains will thrive for months. Out
side capital is taking a hand in mining now
and many new claims will be opened.
The resumption cf work at the Utica group
of mines was one of . the events of the year
at Angels. With about COO men out of work
the effect on business was noticeable, but when
the machinery started up again all of the bus
winter Is anticipated. Thousands of tons of
ore will be taken out of these claims. Tho
announcement of two big strikes in. the Gold
Hill and Duchess mines has caused considerable
rejoicing, not alone among the owners of theso
properties, but the people in the vicinity. An
Oakland company has commenced exploiting
a quartz vein within a mile or Vallecito and
much interest is being taken in the work. A
big mining boom Is predicted for that town.
Miners Seek Protection.
According to the statements contained
in a. memorial cent by the American
miners in Manila to Congress there are
between 1550 and 2000 miners in the Phil
ippine Islands, the- greater number of
whom are ex-soldiers. They are -working
In the hills, prospecting or perfecting
their claims, and they ask the Govern
ment at Washington to extend the Amer
ican mining laws to the Philippines. Un
less this is done, so the memorial sets
forth, the conditions now existing aro
such as to- practically prevent the devel
opment of mines. The text of the reso
lution adopted by the miners, signed by
J. B. Early as president and Robert Mills
as secretary, is as follows:
Resolved. That we, the American prospectors
and miners, -now in- session in the cfty of Ma
nila, do hereby resolve and petition the Con
gress of the United States to pass an act ex
tending the liberal mining- laws of the United
States to the Philippine Islands and to recog
nize- their claims now located, and that the
Civil Governor and the Philippine Commission
be requested to embody a copy of these reso
lutions in their report to. Congress, and that the
Philippine- Commission recommend to Con
gress that the United States mining laws be
extended to said islands, and that a copy of
these resolutions be sent to the Civil Governor
of the Philippine Islands, to the Philippine
Commission to the President of the United
States, to the Secretary of the Interior to the
Congress of the United States, and to such
individual members of Congress as may be
reached by mall
Decision Makes Precedent.
The Mining and Scientific Press urges
that the decision of tho Board of Railroad
Commissioners of the State of California
in the oil rate case establishes a prece
dent under which the high charges for
transportation that have hampered the
mining industry, of this State can be in
quired into. In a review of the proceed
ings and practical application of the facts
to further its conclusions the Press says:
Tha commission has ignored, ' as irrelevant
and immaterial, the mass of, testimony put
before it as to freight charges on other 1 com
modities between the eajne points or other
points .Accepting the outside statements of
the railroad companies themselves as to the
cost of the service, and basing tho rate they
order on it, the only possible question that
could now bo raised by the railroads would
be as to the reasonableness of the profit mar
gin the order allows. This the commission In
its formal opinion says is.. 44 V& per cent. This
percentage is greater than the average earn
ing of all its freight traffic as shown by the
annual statements of. operation of the roads.
The last opinion and order of the commission
Is in form and substance an improvement on
the one It replaces. It not only Improves the
condition of the petroleum Industry to the
extent of th» reduction, but its method of
reaching conclusions establishes a precedent
under which the commission can ■ examine in
telligently Into freight charges made on other
commodities and can correct them when proved
inequitable. The way would seem clearly
opened for securing to the miners of California
an equitable, ralr establishment of freight rates
on ores. In which there Is much inequality,
Tho railroads running out of Cripple Creek
Colo., have recently on their own initiative
put Into effect fiat rates on" ore independent of
Its commodity value. There Is no logical rea
son why this should not be the established
rule in California. The California Railroad
Commission would have to reverse its own pre
cedent in ordering into effect rates based on
values of metal contents.
Suggest Profits in Silver.
Th© Lovelocks (Nev.) Tribune figures
out how silver mining may. be again
found profitable in Nevada, The principal
point in its -argument- Is that prices of
materials have. been reduced and that
modern mining ! processes are sufficiently
economical to warrant the statements
that it makes. - As to the cost of mate
rials the following allegations are made
by the Tribune:
T.JZ*. i ♦J nak t. a . few comparisons of the
Kl cea °, f f tte principal commodities used In
silver mining then and now. These figures are
taken from authentic records, furnished from
reliable sources, and represent cost delivered at
the mines:
Powder, former price 85c per pound, now
15c: fuse, formerly «2 60 per 100 feet, now 85c;
caps, formerly $2 60, per 100. now 85c: can
dles, formerly $7 50 per box, now $2 60; picks,
formerly . $2 50, now $1; shovels, formerly $2
each, now S5c: hammers, formerly $2 60, now
S5c; ; Dick and drill steel, formerly 25c per
pound, now lie; track iron, formerly $200 ner
mon, now $60: mine timbers, formely $125 per
M, -now $35; blacksmith coal, formerly 10c per
pound, now 4c. Water and air pipe are now
procurable at about 25 per cent of their former
cost.
Now we will make a few comparisons of the
relative cost of ;tbe expenses in connection with
the milling of sliver ores, • assuming that these
same ores would-be subjected: to the same
treatment, necessitating the use of the same
chemicals that were in 'use thirty years ago
which is not the case by aily means. Simpler
and lesu expensive methods are being used at
the present day— the result of 'strides in the
science of metallurgy for the Intervening thirty
years — which we will not take -into considera
tion. • •
Quicksilver, former price at mills $125 per
flask of seventy-two pounds, now $55.
Bluestone, former price' 25c per pound, now
Sc. ■
Salt, of which -a considerable quantity was
used, was gathered In an impure state from
the salt marshes and fed to the mills without
first beine refined, increasing the milling cost
in this item, since the salt crust rarely con
tained over 35 per cent of salt, to about three
times what it should have, been, not to speak
of the fxtra cost of running through" the 'mill
the 65 per cent of waste contained In the crude
Ealt cake. The Impure article cost $25 per
ton; now the pure rock salt Is obtainable for
$20 per ton. Other 'chemicals of minor im
portance are to be had at about 40 per cent of
their former cost.
The cost of power, tho principal milling Item,
formerly about $1 50. per horsepower for every
twenty-four hours, can now be had for about
40c. And tlie same Dower In the same tlma
will reduce more ore than formerly on account
of the greater efficiency of modern mills.
With the progress that is being made in the
use of hydro-carbons as fuel for generating
steam, the cost of mill power will admit of
much greater reduction than the price named
as the present cost. On the^ whole, the milling
cost of reducing -ores would be less than 40
per cent of the former cost. -. ..
Assessment Work Defined.
A. H. Ricketts contributes a definition
to the Mining and Engineering Review of
"what constitutes legal assessment work
on mining. claims." Some extracts are
taken therefrom as follows: '
Until a United State* .patent shall have been
issued for any claim not less than $100 worth
oj labor must be performed thereon each year,
when the price.jof a mining claim has been
paid to the Government the equitable rights
or the owner are complete. No • third party
can acquire from the Government any Interest
as against him. Annual work may be done at
any time in the' year after location and each
subsequent calendar year thereafter until pat
?£*♦ Is ? ues - law of California provides
that the owner of a claim must file in the
C 2^1 .k" Co " nt y Recorder an affidavit de
pcrlblng the labor performed or the Improve
ments made by him and their value. This
affidavit may be filed within. thirty. days after
the time limited for the performing of such
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, lw)l
MANY ELEGANT
HOMES ERECTED
Work of Continental
Building and Loan
Association.
Question of Rent Is Solved"
By Many Hundred
■■ ■. Workers. '■'}
The question of providing homes for
their families is one that has confronted
the wage-earners of the land more than
once. The system of rent, though indis
pensable in -.the great -economic plan
which guides human affairs, is an onerous
system, and to it many a worker may at
tribute his failure to provide a permanent
shelter for his loved ones. The question,
then, of utilizing money to the advantage
of the' spender, when considered in the.
matter of rent, assumes an importance
which the careful man of affairs will not
find.it profitable to Ignore.
, To the wage-earner who pays a stipu
lated sum each month for the sheltering
of his family the future holds little; hope
In store. It is the ambition of most men
to own the roof which shelters ! them
against storm and protects them from the
inclemencies of fickle nature. How to se
cure such a convenience upon a stated in
come has been the great problem, which
men found it difficult to overcome. | But
the advent into industrial life of the; plan
of paying for privileges on the installment
plan has solved the question. Since this
plan has been introduced in California
thousands of workingmen have had sub
stantial cause for congratulating them
selves that it is a success. They . have
found that the phantom- of rent, which
in previous years sapped their vitality,
has been downed, and that the money
paid; out by them in this manner when
applied in another and more legitimate
way has yielded them golden returns.
The Continental Building and. Loan As
sociation is one of the largest concerns in
California which makes a specialty of
dealing with wage-earners who are de
sirous of securing homes for themselves.
This' corporation, with its immense- sub
scribed capital of $13,000,000, has proved
itself a boon to thousands of men, be
cause through its admirable system they
found it possible to secure homes on the
payment of monthly sums very much
smaller than what they were paying m
the way of rent. By the system of loans,
which is the greatest feature of the op
erations of the Continental Building and
Loan Association, many owners of homes
have been relieved of the cares of the
future, and to-day they are practically
independent. Thanks to this corporation,
which placed "it in their power to secure
permanent shelters at comparatively
small cost, they are protected against the
importunities of landlordism, and while
life lasts are immune from the-inconve
niences which are the daily experiences
of those who do not possess their own
homes. ' • ' ' . ■
The number of dwellings erected by the
Continental Building and Loan Associa
tion for its members now exceeds 1000.
The' association was established in 1889,
and its success since that time has been
remarkable. Its motto, "Do not pay
rent, but make your rent pay for your
home," has proved to be the keynote to
success, so that to-day its monthly in
comers $150,000. Its assets have grown to
the phenomenal figure . of $2,100,000— a
showing made by no other similar concern
in California. Not only in San Francisco,
but in other parts of the State, happy
families are . to be found who owe their
prosperity to .their association with this
concern. Beautiful and palatial homes,
showing In all their appointments the
comfort and material happiness of their
owners, 'stand in every quarter of the citv
as monuments to the conservatism and
enterprise of the men to whose opera
tions the success of the Continental Build
ing and Loan Association is chiefly due.
The affairs of the association are ably
conducted by Captain Oliver Eldridge
president, and "William Corbin, secretary
and general manager. To those who are
seeking for detailed knowledge concern
ing the methods of the concern and for
information of the greatest value to
homeseekers interviews with either of the
gentlemen named will be of profit. The of
fices of the association are at 222 Sansome
street, and the elegance of their equip
ment fully attests the success with which
all the operations of the association and
its members have met.
labor or making of such improvements. If
filed within the statutory period it is prima
fade evidence of the facts therein recited. Re
cording such affidavit, or failure to make or
record it, will not prevent other proofs of the
facts or in any way prejudice the claimant of
the property, as his rights cannot be divested
by omitting to perform the act Intended to fa
cilitate the proof of the representation of his
claim. ..*-■-.
Iso work done during the first .calendar year
or location • Is effective as assessment work.
Annual work may be done yearly, while the
amount of work ($500) necessary to obtain a
patent may be done at any time after loca
tion. When contiguous claims are held in corn
man the annual expenditure may be made upon
any one claim, but must amount to what is
required for all and inure to the benefit of all
The running of a tunnel for the purpose of de
veloping separate mining claims owned by the
same person Is to be credited to each of said
claims, and if the necessary work Is done the
owner Is not required to also perform, work on
the Burface of the location to hold the same
The annual expenditure required Is the same
irrespective of the Blze of the claim. No as
sessment work need be done upon a tunnel lo
cation or a mill site location. A mining claim
may be held without the performance of the
annual work thereon, but at th« risk of the
adverse Interests being acquired by a third
party. The resumption of work by the original
locator upon a claim after failure and before
an adverse location has been filed, prevents
forfeiture. There Is nothing which excuses the
non- performance of annual labor except the ac
tion of an adverse claimant or - possibly in'
some exceptional case, for some unusual nat
ural condition. It is immaterial whether the
legal or equitable owner does the work. A co
owner in a claim who does not pay hla pro
portionate share of th* expense of representing
the claim may De deprived of his Interest by
notice of claim for contribution. The claim for
contribution must be limited to the delinquent's
share of •■ the > yearly expenditure as fixed by
« a .lH te ?£ locaI l aw - ' If Payment is hot made
within the required time the delinquent co
owner's interest vesta by operation of law In
the contributing co-owners. ,- .
Killed by Wood Alcohol.
BEVERLEY, Mass., Dec. 14.— Two men
are dead and two others are at the point
of death here from the effects of drinking
wood alcohol Thursday. John J. O'Don
nell and Frank Waggett died to-day.
|l FIRE CASUALTY MARINE | |
I § J o r /AVIS (Y Si ) N 1 1
« *> '.'■■■■ I IV I ¥ T l J J\ 1^1 f '^TT ■ * *
|| •■Genegal/"-!^ |I| |
I j MANAGERS STANDARD MAm COMPANY of LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND J 1
I I J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., General Agents J 1
I § OFFIGE— 215 SANSOME STREET; SAN PRANGISCO § «
§ g ■■' : "TELEPHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE No. 65 / g §
NEITHER HEARS
WEDDING CHIMES
Deaf and Dumb Lovers
Meet at the Marriage )
Altar.
Graduates of an Omaha In
stitution Now Husband
and Wife.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Neb., Dec. 14.— The most in
teresting: of recent weddings here .was
that of John Zarlina Jr. of Omaha and.
Miss Alice J. Prentice of : Hebron, Neb.
Neither bride nor bridegroom heard the
joyous peal of St. Wenceslaus* chime?
nor the ceremony pronounced by the rec
tor. Both are graduates of the Nebraska
School for the Deaf, and Dumb.
Zadina has triumphed over his affliction
to the extent of becoming an able me
chanical e.nsinser. He has invented a
ga&oline burner which he believes will
revolutionize the art of cooking with that
, i. He has been appointed supervisor
In tho State school and in his leisure time
devotes himself to scientific research. He
i j Bon cnrian parentage and 26 years
old..
. Zadina became . acquainted with his
bride many years ago, when both entered
the primary grade of the big State insti
tute at Omaha. They were assigned to
the same classes and step by step they
advanced from the darkness brought upon
them by- their affliction until they have
become the peers of any other young peo
ple of the State.
Nebraska is taking a kindly interest in
this union of its wards and congratula
tory messages from State officials were
read at. the ceremony. Schoolmates of
the young people made up' the bridal pa'
ty. A sister of the groom translated the
words of the clergyman so that the prin
cipals might assent at the proper mo
ment and the other deaf mutes might
follow the proceedings. After the cere
mony the bridal party was entertained at
a wedding breakfast at the home of the
groom's parents. The young couple be
gins life with a comfortable bank ac
count.
Poles Honor Paderewski.
BERLIN, Dec. 14.-The anti-German
temper of the Poles was shown at a
Paderewski concert here, which was at
tended by a large number of Polish no
bles. They presented Paderewski with a
great many bouquets tied with the Polish
colors, red and white. The TVeceipts of
this concert will go to the families of
those persons imprisoned as an outcome
of the Wreschen school scandals, follow
ing which twenty-five persons were sen
tenced 'to various terms of imprisonment
for attacks upon Prussian schoolmasters.'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WMmji^ Uli. ■tltnp- & III.
/J^^' W Y 731 MARKET STREET.
TfflB^sK' cy r^fc ir~* •^ f a f i cr* *t* c*
■ >^^S' "• oFcCIALIa I IS
\\W ***^F' Wi EVERY POBM OE WEAK-
- » ' • IfiESS AND DISEASES OP
<-^^U • ME11 OTSTLY.
) 4^&5gA u^^S^W / IF TOU HAVE AN AILMENT RECENTLY
V / contracted do not delay ln seeking: the skilled
' V i / ald of docto « wh0 can make you sound and
\ >R\. VsBSrW'-ti^ I we!1 ln a short tlme - Dr - Meyers & Co. can
\ y^l \^/^eWFtf&^L / do thls £or >' ou - If y° ur trouble has been
V^S treated by Incompetent doctors until It haa
\~v x. \XB%f'f ' ' be conie chronic and dangerous, do not despair
j N. \" - >v. I P/ fa ut consult
><JZ>^ DR. MEYERS & CO.
jffi^^^^^^s|||^^i^^ le " that they have bullt ** •
\ . ; ; , MEN^WHO ARE NOT REAL MEN.
.-Thousands o f men, ln allvwalka of life, vainly try to hide a humiliatine weakness
which ehows upon them in spite of all they can do. A secret. «hameful affliction ttat
has deprived them of their vitality,' or which is rapidly dragging them to that awful
THE CURSE OF NERVOUS DEBILITY.
The appalling results of this deplorable affliction are numerous Every year it
sends thousands of men to the insane asylum or madhouse and annually fills a laree
number of suicides' graves. Men of all ages and walks of life feel Its remors^ew
DANGEROUS SYMPTOMS ARE THE FOLLOWING:
Absent Mlndedness, .'. Confusion of Ideas, Bashfulness
Dizziness. Pain ln the Back, Palpitation of the Heart
Loss of Flesh, -• Nervousness, Black Heads. Pimples
Drowsiness After Meals, Sleeplessness, Loss of Ambition. ■
■ But there are other and more dangerous symptoms— symptoms which every man
understands. How is it with you? If you need the skill of a great doctor if you want
to be strong ln every way, consult the famous specialists of Dr. Meyers & Co Thev
t^e men^ y h°e U weiTfna n pun y y. Cai1 St ° P th ° Se deadly dralnS "* l083es " d ma^
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON.
DR. METERS cures this humiliating and ofttimes deadly affliction rapidly and
permanently at any stage — primary, secondary or tertiary. Inherited or contracted
This loathsome disease has been checked and driven from the surface, but never Der-
manently cured until Dr. Meyers made his discovery. If the blood has but been tainted"
by this deadly curse it is liable to break out at any time and end in softening of the
brain or a lingering, shameful death. Why die miserable or spend hundreds of dollars
for quack nostrums, or ln visiting the hot springs only to get temporary relief when
DR. MEYERS can make you whole and clean by drivine the poison forever from
your system? . Among the symptoms are large or small ulcers. in the mouth on the
flps or elsewhere, loss of hair on the head and other parts of the body, dark or cod-
per spots on the skin, aching of the bones and joints.
DR. MEYERS & CO. treat diseases and weaknesses of men and nothing else. Their
cures are made in a short time and are permanent. Prices and terms reasonable.
NO INCTJBABLE CASES TAKEN AT ANY PRICE.
TO SHOW THEIR GOOD FAITH
THEY.NEVER ASK FOR A DOLLAR UNTIL CURE IS EFFECTED
HOME CURES— FREE ADVICE.
' Our home cure system is marvelously successful. If you cannot visit San Fran-
cisco write us ln confidence and we will send you, sealed, by mall, a booklet which
contains a treatise on all diseases and weaknesses of men, and a great deal of other
valuable information.
731 Market Street, i&s^i. Slili
SAN FRANCISCO. Sundays— 9 to 11.
EXPLORERS WILL
RECEIVE HONOR
Expositions Are to Re
call History of Lewis
and Clark.
Portland and Great Falls Plan
Celebrations of Much
Interest.
Special Dispatch to Th% Call.
HELENA, Mont.. Dec. 14.— In 1905 two
great Western expositions will call the
attention of the country to the centen
nial anniversary of the westward journey
of those famous pioneers, Captain Clark
and Captain Lewis, from whom this coun
try took its name.
One of these celebrations will be held
in Great Falls and the other at Portland,
Or. The former city Is situated at the
falls of the Missouri River, which spot
engaged tho attention of these heroic men
more than any other between St. Louis,
Mo., their starting point on that memora
ble journey, and the mouth of the Co
lumbia, where their famous expendition
ended.
It Is related that the Lewis and Clark
expedition stayed at the Missouri Falls
for thirty days, making: a complete topo
graphical map thereof to present to Presi
dent Jefferson. That map remains to-day
one of the most accurate ever made of
that section. An effort will be made to
erect • a monument to their memory at
Great Falls in connection with this cele
bration.
The celebration at Portland in the same
year, beginning in the month of July, will
take more of the form of an exposition.
Governor Toole has written to the inter
ested parties in Portland to the effect
that Montana ■will participate -with them
in the affair, although he believes It
should properly occur in this State.
Lewis and Clark got their first glimpse
of the Rockies in Montana. They discov
ered the source of the Missouri and named
its three branches ivladison, Gallatin and
Jefferson, which three names are further
commemorated as titles of counties in
this State to-day. It is difficult to form
an estimate of the importance of the
Lewis and Clark expedition in the history
of the great West.
Would Buy Telegraph Companies.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.—Representa
tive Jackson of Kansas Introduced a bill
recommending- that the United States pur
chase the Western Union and Postal Tel
egraph companies and thereafter operate
them in connection with the Postofflce
Department. Provision is made for ap
praisal of the property of the companies
and foi" the payment of Its appraised
value -when the amount is '. reported to
Congress. '—
||SSSS?8SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSitSiS§iSliii«§S|
©o ( oo
•© 22
€>© - 9S
O0 ©9
00 OO
•• Oft
o© oo
o© - ' . «•
©O O9
I! = Upon Which = Is
eo • ■• ' OQ
|| = This Edition EEE ||
o© ■ o«
•• zzz= g*
if = Is Printed was §|
«O . ■ .46
oo — — — zzzm " • • ©«
|| '— = Manufactured = %%
OO ■ . OO
oo zzzzi , ©o
•© ZZIZZ °®
|| = by the == ||
II Ai
II i •■■; ■■-, 0wms
mnmmmaM1 _ mmMllx man \ °©
•• si
88 So
99 i . • . . "■ '■ oo
88l)ciiSE^>2^i£ * 9
oooo©©oo«©ooooo©oeeoeocaoo««5ooe^:t9®.5«eocscco
©0000«00©0«©00«0©000®090000©©e000S>2>900S©9a©c4j
SBRHB
RHEUMATISM
NEURALGIA
ANP^< — r**\ SOLD BY ALL
* w v rx it w^t DRUGGISTS
ALL PAIN AND DEALERS
50c Per Flask
AGENTS RICHARDS & CO.
Wholesale Druggists
406-408 Clay Street
Vineyard and [diner u,
Mt. Hamilton P,oad.
Santa Clara Count u. Cat,
lift. TfQifisifon
John £- faster, proprietor.
Office*
3Z7 Market Street.
San francisco. Cat.
: , . . . , . . ; . , ■ : ■ — «-
"Weekly Gall, $1,0 O per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dry Goods Company.
i~» > n in, ii ( _n— ,, ,| ■" ' , i . , n i .
Ladies' Kid Gloves.
ELEGANT HOLIDAY GIFTS.
Three-Clasp French filace, J Dent's English Gloves,
with Paris Point, embroidered ) The smartest styles for ladles,
in Drown, tan. mode, beaver. \ boys and misses, is row com-'
ox blood, navy and < plete In each line at ,_„ __
e a^°^! a^:.^ $1.50 s a p .lS>::KB p oVn-^$1.2S
Reynicr First Quality First Quality Trclousse
Suedes, ) Glace,
Th . fc . rtC j . \_ > !n flrst Quality only. In the
The best Suede In the world. In ( leading shades for street and
f«L k? le * d ' ng colors, Includ- ( evening; good wear and neat
™ i ac 5 1 t ? ni mode, slate, > fitting, and always giving tho
P £7.: and blaclc wlth «**««> *u"est satisfaction, —
perUfr.r.^.!:. 3 :: $1-75 \ ... $2.00
Best Glove in the City for One Dollar
f«* .V. A rA^ S> w" < l LA ? P FRENCH KID GLOVES ara made expressly
iflJf £5 best selected skins and cut to fit. Come In all the
leading shades and black and white. FITThD and GUARANTEED.
PERFUMERY.
F U> fi£i IC !ii EL J£ T L ONS ,f ROM THESE CELEBRATED PER-
JSS^S^lSSSS^^^^^Si^- Ed - p '" aud -
MIRRORS.
Triplicate and single Mirrors In square and round patterns
Prices from $L00 to $17.50 each.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and StocHon Streets, Union Square.
STOUE OPEN EVENINGS FROM MONDflY. DECEMBER 16. UNTIL CrJRISTMflS
The Mecca fop all lovers
of good living==the Grill
Rooms at the Palace Hotel.
; igpi«iiM^
Here the cooking and serving of steaks
and chops and the making of delicacies have
attained a degree of perfection that has won
universal recognition.
Fine Plumbing Material Latest Sanitary Appliances
H Wm. F. Wilson Go.
PLUMBING
328-330 Stockton St Telephone Main 5531
SAN FBANCISCO
branch at Jfconolulu, J¥. Z7.
rJlCf RflVftl %£&& Weak Men and Women
l.lirr nil I HI Steam and Later, USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Unl L llUinL.Ec OvercoaU and O Great Mexican Remedy; elves health and
s-aUaes checked Irt« 1 «tres(Ui to mzu&I ormsa. Depot. 823 Market.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901.
GROWTH OF SHIPBUILDING
INDUSTRY IN CALIFORNIA
Formidable and Stanch Line of Battleships, Splendid and
, Swift Passenger Vessels and Commodious Carriers Are
Among the Achievements of Plants on the Pacific Coast
A great industry connected immediately
with the promotion of tho commerce of
this port is shipbuilding. In that art the
builders who have yards on . the shel
tered bays of California have no su
periors. The fame of the great battle
ships that have been launched . into the
waters of San Francisco Bay is interna
tional. They have already become the
themes for song and story. While Amer
ican history lasts the fame of the Olym
pia, and what she did at Manila' Bay, and
of the Oregon, and her wonderful trip
around .Cape Horn and her leading part
in the battle off Santiago, will inspire
Americans with pride of native land.
Many other vessels of war for this Gov
ernment and many huge ships used in
commerce had their keels laid here. ■ In
building the battleship down to the
smallest craft that sails or steams, San
Francisco has alike gained the confidence
of the men who go down to the sea in
ships, for the requirements of all sorts
of service have been amply met and ex
pectation has been rewarded with satis
factory performance.
In the early days all the ships and
other large vessels that came through the
Golden Gate were, necessarily, built
abroad. There were no large plants here
capable of producing the larger carriers.
Tho principal development of the ship
building industry of this port has taken
place within the past two decades. Coin
cident to the advance in this line of tho
period indicated, other attendant facili
ties have been provided. There are dry
docks here that are. capable of hauling up
the greatest carriers of commerce. Other
huge docks are in construction at Hunters
Point and at Mare Island, the latter, of
course, being under the direction and at
the cost of the Government, and being do
vised for the use of the naval vesseis of
the United States.
The list of new vessels documented at
the San Francisco Custom-house has
steadily lengthened in the past few years.
The Custom-house list for the, calendar
year of 19o0 contained mention of only
twelve vessels that were documented
here that were not built in California.
The list of the present year will show a
like leadership of California shipyards in
the output of craft of various descrip
tions. Everywhere the names are known
of the Union Iron "Works, the Risdon
Iron Works, the Fulton Engineering and
Shipbuilding Works and of many other
During the past few years a great im
pulse has been given to the shipping in
dustries of San Francisco in common with
the general advance in prosperity of the
Paciric Coast. Shipbuilding has shared in
the general good times that business men
have known. Among the larger vesseis
turned out of California yards for pur
poses of commerce in the past few years
are the following passenger ships: Pomo
na, 1540, tons gross; Peru, 5000 tons gross;
Senator, 2200 tons gross; St. Paul, 22<W tons
gross; Helen, 700 tons gross; Spokane, 1350
tons gross— all these being the product of
the Union Iron Works. The same estab
lishment has turned out the large freight
ships the Californian, of 6000 tons gross;
the Alaskan, 11,000 tons gross, and the
Arizonan, which is a sister ship of the
Alaskan. From the same yards have also
come the ferry-boats Berkeley, Brooklyn,
San Pablo and Tamalpais, the last named
being the output of the present year. The
tugboats Active, Collis, Fearless, Waliula,
Sadie, Union and Izabal were also built
at the Union Iron Works.
The list of the vessels documented to
date for the present calendar year is not
complete. Large craft are on the ways
that have not been finished, and the build
ing of them will have accordingly to bo
credited to next year when the record Is
officially made up.
The gross and net tonnage of all new
vessels documented at this port in recent
years has been as follows:
Gross Net
Year. Tonnage. i Tonna~e.
l&M 2,077. o4 ■ 2.005778
lSt>5 1,349.01
lSXJ 3,3f»2.74 2384.27
1S37 000.00 (HKt.'1'J
1838 17.:*:{7.O« 10.53:1.19
1890 6,675.00 5,701.00
1900 20,221. 00 . 22.770.00
A fleet of war vessels, formidable in
itself, has been constructed at this port,
at the Union Iron Works. The list of such
craft included the Charleston. San Fran
cisco, Monterey, Olympia, Oregon, Wheel
ing, Cruiser No. 6, Marietta, Farragut,
Iroquois, Wisconsin, Ohio, Wyoming, the
torpedo-boat destroyers Paul Jones,
Perry and . Preble and the Tacoma. The
range has been from the large battleship
Ohio of 12.500 tons gross to the Jones,
Preble and Perry of 400 tons each. The
Chitose, Japanese cruiser, was also built
at the same works in 1898. •
In addition to the considerable fleet of
vessels added to the port by building on
the coast there have been important ac
cessions from other yards in the East.
There have also been acquired a great
many large vessels by purchase, which
A SOUND INSTITUTION.
Anglo-Californian Bank One of the
Best in the State.
The Anglo-Californian Bank, Limited,
Is one of the most widely known financial
institutions of the Pacific Coast. To the
business community of San Francisco its
name is a synonym for soundness and
conservatism. The bank was incorporat
ed In 1S73 with an authorized capital of
$5,997,000, of which $2,997,000 has been sub
scribed. The reserve , fund aggregates
$550,000.
The main bank is located in London,
and the San Francisco branch is quar
tered at the northeast corner of Sansome
and Pine streets. Its affairs aro capably
managed by Ignatz Stelnhart and P. N.
Lilienthal. two of the best known finan
ciers in California. A general banking
business is transacted, including the
selling of drafts on California, Ore
gon, Nevada, Washington, and the Ha
waiian Islands. The bank issues letters
of credit, and makes cable transfers.
PERSONAL MEMION.
Joseph Maier of Los Angeles is at the
Palace.
P. H. Wallace, a rancher of Napa, is at
the Russ.
P. -O' Neil, owner of paper mills at So
quel, Cal., Is at the Grand.
H. T. Seymour, a brewer of Sacramento,
is registered at the Grand.
E. W. Foster, a well known resident of
Ventura, is staying at the Lick.
\V. D. Dickson, a mining man of Seat
tle, is among the arrivals ut the Grand.
L. Kedemeyer. proprietor of Vichy
Springs, Mendocino County, is staying at
the Russ.
A. G. Simmons, a well known mining
man of Union. Or., is spending a few
days at the Russ.
John M. Crawley, traffic manager of the
Nevada, and California Railway, is hero
on a short business trip.
I<\ W. Buskirk, assistant general pas
senger agent of, the Erie lines, with head
quarters in Chicago, is out here on a
business trip. He is staying at the Pal
ace. » • -
Colonel W. D. Sanborn, general agent
of the Burlington route in this city, re
ceived word yesterday that his mother
was dangerously ill. He left for the East
last evening.
Christmas Cards and Calendars.
•^California Poppy," "California Wild
Flower," "Indian," "Chinese," "Japan
ese" and "Pipe Rack" Calendars and a
beautiful line of artistic Christmas Cards
at Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s, 741 Market st. •
Wants Folsom Street Opened Up.
The Holly Park and Mission Improve
ment Club petitioned the Supervisors yes
terday to open up Folsom street from
Ripley street to Cortland avenue in or
der to give that district direct communi
cation with the central part of the city.
Mail a copy of the great Christmas
Call to your friends in the East and
foreign lands. . 4^-
now are registered here. The list is too
long to be used.
Some mention has already been made of
the drydocks of the port. In course of
construction is the largest of them , all.
This is the property of the California
Drydock Company. It is located at Hunt
ers Point, where there is now in use, by
the same company, a stone graving dock,
493 feet long and 90 feet wide at the en
trance, which is capable of receiving the
largest sailing vessel afloat. The Cali
fornia E>rydock Company also has docks
at Spear street. 301 feet long and 90 feet
wide, capable of taking out 3000 tons.
The new dock at Hunters -Point, now
building, will be 750 feet long from the
gate seat, with a width at' coping of 122
feet, and at bottom of 74 feet, with depth
over sill below coping of 32% feet or 28
feet at high ■water. The entrance to the
dock will be closed by a floating caisson,
built of structural steel, which will be a
vessel 104 feet long, with a beam of 28
feet, having a depth from bottom of keel
to underside of upper deck of 33 feet and
9 inches. At the entrance of the dock on
either side are placed wharf approaches,
which are each 60 feet wide and 200 feet
long. The pumping plant will discharge
11.000 gallons per minute. The dock will
take in the largest vessel afloat or that is
projected.
"While the stone dock at Mare Island is
under construction the recommendations
of Colonel Heuer are still before Con
gress for consideration, in which he re
ports upon the cost of the proposed deep
ening- of the channel at the San Pablo
flats to enable battleships of the first class
to reach tlia Mare Island yard. 1
The United States Government has in
the past few years cleared the harbor of
dangerous rocks, and it is now announced
that there are no dangerous obstacles ex
cepting Arch Rock, upon which the Gov
ernment is working. There is now deep
water over the two Shag rocks, which,
when blown up, not long ago. made two
successive spectacles for the public. Some
years ago the Government also destroyed
the surface of Blossom" Rock, over which
there is now a good depth of water at
low tide.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NoTrcE*
3AVETHIS FRONTS
UPON RECEIPT OF
Iz Roy urn* GigaRii
B ox Fronts;
(Large or Small,)*
\THEY W/LL BE REDEEMED AS rOLL0w3t\
A Handsome Leather]
Cigar Case.
150 " ASterlingSilverMatchSox;
|7E " An Elegant Amber Cigai-
I/W Holder in Case.
DwU . Leather Slide.
7flfl " * J A SteriingSllver large Size)
lUU CigarCasc,Learhcr6lide.
Not Responsiblo for Fronts \
tost in transit. _^_^
Send Fronla to
I4.MH.LER Sc SONS. •
rift3-l55-IS7 CRO3BYST., - M.Y., U.ZJQ
AT
AUCTION
CONTINUATION
EXTRAORDINARY
AUCTION SALE
OF REAL ESTATE
WILLIAM k PIPER
ESfflE.
December 16th, 1901.
The following choice and select list of improTed »tu
unimproved properties will be sold for the heir* of the
iat« William A. Piper, at our salesroom, Monday,
December 1C, 1901, at 12 o'clock noon, by order of Gut-
tave H. Orabssn, sole referee, subject to confirmation
by the Superior Court.
Northeast Cor. Sntter and Gotigli Sts.
This choic« corner would pay handsomely if propel \j
Improved. Lot 70x120, three frontages. »
1450, 1 iZ-i, 1454, 1436 & 1458 Franklin St.
Southeast corner Bush St. .This choice investment
consists of two corners, with five tiecant 2-story and
ba«unens houses of 14 rn.ims and bath each. Kent':
$3 5 pur month Lot 120x114.6.
— Aho-
Two desirable building lots, 25x120 each, fronting or
Bush bt. and fern Are. Will be sold separately.
1312 to 13 <6 Polk St.
Southeast corner Bush St. This cuoics businrs.-
property consist* of two corner.*, and is close to the
transfer point o Sutter and Polk Sts. Improvement*
consibt of light ct,,r;n nnd three flats, with franip
buildings, Noa. 13-'5-U29 Bush St. RcnU §390 pet
montii. Lot 120x110, three ffonttses.
Mo»lli«t«r St.
Near Junction of Mirket and Janes Sts. This chciar
. busine.-g property could ba made to yifild handscaiely i:
prop.rly improved. Lot 123x37.6, irregular.
< ity Hall Avenue.
Between I/cavcn worth and City Hall Square. Two
Choicj building lots, 25x100 each. .
312 Washington St.
Between Front andDavfiSts. ImprurementnconsJi,
of frame building.' UenuSitt per uionth. Lot 22x120 to
Orvfon Ut. .. .
v p«-t:<ei!O.
Portion of Block 411, lot lOfUKK), three frontase».
" " " 4f>6, " IO.'xJOO, three frontaga.
" '• " 432,'' lW;x:',00, two frontag :s.
" " u 513," lMlx 10?, three frontages.
■• mi >• 51 .j ( >• ioox'j-jo, two frontag s.
* 475, " 10^x100, two froniaj{e*.
" " " 5H, " 100x100, three f io ntag«r
" " " 52.1, " 2'JCx200, three frontages.
" " . " 518, " ■ UOxloO, two frontage
Girt Map No. 3.
' Elsie St., west line, between Kemeralda and Com.
Its. Lota 364, SUB, 36< and 36S, S5x70 each.
Fcr catalogues and further particulars, apply to
G. Ill CMBSEtf ft CO.
1 4 llnntp'oincrv Str««t
THROW YOUR TRUSS AW.JT.
f\ ESTADLISnEO 1891 4$29bi
BY FIDELITY METHOD. fW f|
We Cure— Positive— Per- llMS^\ M
ruanent— and Guarantee iajEaaHBre. /TO
for Life. We mean what we wSStSKnat
»ay. We can cure you. 12,006 Ca*SiSt35sV?T
cures in last 7 years. We cure in EJ&W&aNak
60 days without pam or loss of JuKkrEW^
time Successful on men, women K&SMI&ftg
nnd children. . No chance for K^g^^S
NO'PAYUNTILCURED^TO j 4
Testimonials at * oar office or BnK Bon 5 9
references > furnished on applies- mjBL . WSM a 3
tion. All patients must come to Be 1 nffa ■ b
tliis office for professional atttn- |O n| g|
FIDELITY EUPTDEB ODRE, -J^a '
■■■■■■■■HMBMHBaHHHMBHBMBHHMHHHa
■ . ON. * H
i viiris tnicLS a
i Otifiri TIP'S i
| Notwithstanding it has been the custom of advancing g
m rates at this, season, we, in order to distribute B
| large quantities, will give our customers the tene- g
| fit of tut Rates. g
I Golden Gate Cloak and Suit House, i
B . . ' .■ -.-..,.. D
h : : ■
ES . ..--.= ■•• ' □
g 500 RAGLANS. Vx COATS and AUTO BOX COATS at CUT B
H RATES. Made of standard quality Kersey, Oxford Cloth and |*
S Cheviot. Cut Rates. $1O.OO, ?12.5O, $15.00, ?17.5O and H
g : $25.00. Were $12.50. $15.00, $20.00, $25.00 and $35.00. g
Q These garments are the very latest and perfect fitting and FIRST- g
83 CLASS in every respect except the price. H
E 25 extra line PEAU DE SOIE and SATIN RAGLANS and NEW- ■
S MARKETS, elecantlv trimmed and lined. CUT RATES. $37.5O, g
g $40.00 and Jp45.00. Were $50.00, $57.50 and $60.00. . g
B 350 STYLISH TAILOR SUITS, plain and fancy trimmed. CUT B
" RATES $S.5O. $lO.OO, .?12.5O, $15.00, $20.00. Were $12. so. ■
E $14.00, $16.50, $20.00, $25.00. The LOWEST PRICES SHOWN g
I THIS SEASON. , . |
B 75 ASTRAKHAN CAPES, Taffeta Silk-lined. CUT RATES, $8.50, □
B . . $10.00 and $12.00. Were $10.00, $12.50 and $15.00. S3
S 100 RIVER MINK and ELECTRIC SEAL CAPES. CUT RATES. S
gg $1O.OO, $12.5O, $15.00 and $20.00. Were $15.00, $17.50, gj
H $22.50 and $30.00. ., Q
B 200 TAFFETA SILK and GRENADINE SKIRTS. CUT RATES. B
g $1O.OO, $12.50. $15.00 and $20.00. Were $12.50, $15.00, g
$20.00 and $25.00. g
I 1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET STREET. |
B B
BHnHBaHHgflH3Bm3EBlBBBEgBEBBHBHlEHBmnBMflBHHBEB
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT SS8
1 MORE WEEK
n M^ THIS IS WHAT
/-* 1^ LJ THEY SAID:
"See Jeff DeAnselis and forget the sorrows
of the holidays."— Examiner.
"Always funny." — Chronicle.
"Should have a successful run." — Call.
"Makes a big success." — Bulletin.
America's Foremost- Comic Opera Comedian,
JEFFERSON
BeANGELIS
In the Operatic Novelty,
A ROYAL ROGUE
BRIGHT, WITTY, BREEZY, BRILLIANT*.
Last Time Next Sunday Night. -T^
\ .
Beginning JH^fz**-* 'O
Monday *— *W*^. >Z*
T\A/O lA/EEKS.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEES XMAS AND
NEW YEAR'S DAY.
M A NN hill Nk
In a dramatic version by Paul Leicester
Ford and Edward E. Rose of the , former's I
widely-read romantic revolutionary story,
JANICE
MEREDITH
PRICES— $1 50, ?1, 75c, SOc, 35c. and 25c.
SEAT. SALE BEGINS THURSDAY.
Mall orders accompanied by check will be
filled strictly in order received.
BEBASCO **"> THALE&jfotfQgz
maaceariuu .
MATINEE TO-DAY — 10c. 15c, 25c.
t. TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
THE
ELECTRICIAN
DD'PEC Evenings ..10c to 50c
lKilXj Matinees 10c. 15c, 25c
TO-MORROW EVENING — Here's Where Tou
Lauch.
MULDOONS PICNIC.
Iiyh eat r er^-O
Belasco & Thall, Managers. '•
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— "CHRISTOPHER JR."
4 .'.* TO-MORROW— MONDAY
R First Time in This City, , • :
"THE GAY MR. LIGHTFOOT."
IT'S VERY FUNNY AND .VERY CLEVER.'
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats On Sale Six Days In Advance. .
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c.
NEXT — A HOLIDAY WINNER,
"CHARLEY'S AUNT."
PiCrHPR'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
MME. CHARITY MARTIN; G. S. Wanrell ;
Mullaly Sisters; Paloma Quartette; Stanley
and Walton; Deminjc and Carroll; Ivan Tre-
poka and Hlnrlchs' Orchestra. Reserved Seats.
25c. Matinee Sunday. ' •
CAMP - OCEAN ROAR — Situated on Tomales
Bay; good accommodations for camping,
hunting, . fishing and ' boating. Cottages and
tents. Cottages $2 50 per week; board, $0 50
per week. Boats 50c a day. WM. ARCHER.
"P. O. Tomales, Cal. ■ ■-'. \
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMS-lffTS.
*TIYplLi*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY at 2 sharp!
TO-NIGHT— Last of the POLLARD JUVE-
NILE OPERA COMPANY In
"IN TOWN"
Monday Evening, Dec. 16th. the Famoui
1 ivoli Comic Opera Co
~"^ PRESENTING
FERRIS HARTMAN'S
Latest Holiday Extravaganza,
LITTLE
RED
RIDING
HOOD
Musical Direction of -
PAUL STEINDORFF.
The Best of Everything: In the way of Catchy
Music. New Songs, Witty Dialogue, Beautiful
Ballets, Stunnins Costumes and Majmiflcent
Scenery, concludins with Frederick B. Mc-
Greer'3 Lovely ..
TRANSFORMATION,
"MOTHER GOOSE'S. NURSERY RHYMES."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 0.
I Tuesday, Dec. l"tb— COMMERCIAL TRAVEL-
ERS' NIGHT.
MATINEE TO-DAY— LAST NIGHT OP
"A WIFE^S_ PERIL."
Week Commencing TO-MORROW (MONDVY)
EVENING,
MINNIE SELIGMAN
America's Greatest Emotional Actress
In Victorien Sardou's Powerful Play
"DIPLOMACY,"
The Biggest Hit of Last Season at Charles
.Frohman's Empire Theater, New York.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c, SOc, 75c.
. Good Orchestra Seata. All Matinees,. 25c.
8TARTING TA VI^UT
with I U-nlCin 1
ONE WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY
First Time lit the West
THOMAS JEFFERSON
Presenting on a Grand Scale
RIJP VAN WINKLE,
Assisted by a Carefully Selected Company.
SEATS READY.
NEXT SUNHkY. Dec. 22.
Chas. H. Tale's Everlasting
DEVIL'S AUCTION
• Matinees Christmas Day and Saturday. '
SEATS THURSDAY.
CHUTES_AND ZOO
.Big Vaudeville Bill.
' INCLUDING
THE GREAF B CKNELL
COMEDY CLAY MODELER
Direct From the Orpheum.
NEXT THURSDAYr
THE AMATEURS
IN AN ALL-STAR SHOW.
}' -, Telephone For Scats — Park 23.
(It! COKE! COKE!
P. A. McDpNALD,
\\ 4 . 813 FOLSOM . STREET.
' ■ San Francisco Gas Coke for sale to families
and to the trade at reduced rates.
A'WT/gKM W.M'pH,.
V ', o
O We«J: Commencing THIS XFTEKKOOSt. g%
0 December 15. Jf
• VandevSleafHighlide •
• GARDNER CRANE |
O The. Eminent Eastern Farcsurs. a
1^ JBRTanTMSSr^ 2
IWALTEk E DEAVES'j
• JERRJJANIKINS^ |
2| From tho Winter Garden. Beilln. w
S ROSE AND JEANNETTE |
O Marvelous Juvenile Dancing Artists. £
j NORWOoFBROTmiRS 8
2 Triple Horizontal Bar Comedlw. 2
| IRWIN and BAWLEY |
; q In "CAUGHT WITH THE GOODS." 2
© Last Week of the Celebrate* #
| DUHONDS §
Q Europe's Greatest Musical Trio. q
■f^^fHEBIoiRAPr^i
• With a NEW SERIES OB" VULWB. O
q ' Last Appearances) of q
I SHEBRIE MATBEWS, I
I NORMA WHALLEY, •
| SAM MARION %
% and WM. HcCART f
O 'resenting "A LAWLESS LAWTlSt.'* 0
I "ioiiDATATTRlcTIONr I
| The GREAT %
I ORPHEUM ROAD I
| SHOW. |
S Parquet. 25c, any seat; Balcony. lOo; 5
JT Children, 10c. any part except rwMirved. J*
W A few front Orchestra row* resisrved. W
O Me; front rows of Balcony, reaurved. O
0 25c. 0
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN 6RAC2, Jvigt; JA8. T. 6SACC, Blijjar.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY ... Decemt>ep 15th
HIGH-CLASS
COURSING EVENT.
- v —
Special Stales
CHAMPIONS
56— N0MINATI0NS-56
, TRAIN SEBVlCaj.
Leaves Third and Townsend strests 10:15
a. ra., 11 a. m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m.: 2St& and
Valencia sts. five minutes later. RotiirnlBC at
4 :45 p. m. and after th» last coui-so. Baa
Mateo electric cars every tour mlnuti*.
ADMISSIO.:. 25c LADIES FBSB.
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES A*T2:30 P. M.
Every Thursday. Saturday, Sunday and Tue*.
day.
MORE EXCITINO THAN BtTLL. PIWHTINb.
THE GREATEST GAME OF THE AGE.
ADMISSION 25c AND BOc
gi^* RACING
t^j&iiSSF^&j^* Every Week Day—
iBr ■ Rain or Shine.
rsEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:05 p. m. sharp.
Ferryboats leave San Francisco at IX m. and
12:S0, 1,1:30. 2. 1:30 and i p. m., ctisaaetliis
with trains stopping at the entranci to th»
trade Last two cars on. train reserved tor
ladies and their escorts: no sxnpklng. :Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with 8an Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak*
land. Also all trains via Alameda iiole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars ut Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. Thess •teetrlaj
cars bo direct to the track in fifteen minuus.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. ra. and Immediately after the Last raca»
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. FrsiidenC
CHAS. F. PRICK. Secy, and Mgr. _^
JOSEF HOFMANN
THE RENOWNED PIANIST,
In San Francisco and California Cltljs Weeks
of February 3d and 10th.
Address HENRY WOLFSOHN. Manager. 121
East 17th St.. New York.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On ona side of thea« magnificent
hotels Is the wholesale and nano- '.
facturers' district— on the othjr re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and. the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and parka-
pass the entrance.
American and' European plans.
WEEKLf CALL
$1 pep Year.];
5354
COLD WAVE'S SWIFT SWEEP
OVER THE UNITED STATES
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— The cold
wave predicted by the Weather Bureau
for the Middle Mississippi and Missouri
valleys and the upper lake region has
spread to the eastward and. southeast
ward ae far as Chicago and St. Louis, at
both of which places the temperature
fell 54 degrees during the last twenty
four hours, reaching six degrees below
zero at Chicago and zero at St. Louis.
The front' of the cold wave to-day ex
tends from Northern Illinois southwest
v.ard to Arkansas. In all of this region
temperatures have fallen from 40 to 59
degrees I in the last twenty-four hours.
The cold wave promises to be severe dur
ing at least two days. It will extend
eastward and southeastward, reaching
the Atlantic coast districts by Sunday.
A decided fall in temperature will occur
south of the Ohio and east of the Mis
sissippi rix'ers.
Victims of the Cold Wave.
CHICAGO, Dec. 14.— At ti a. m. to-day
the thermometer here registered eight de
grees below zero. The forecaster predicts
temperature to-night 15 degrees below
zero. A liberal snowfall preceded .the
drop. Two laborers were frozen to death.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Dec. 14.— Eleven
degrees below zero is the record of the
A\ eather Bureau in Milwaukee to-day. An
unknown man was found frozen to death
in the public school yard at Wauwatosa,
a suburb of Milwaukee, to-day. The body
was thinly clad and it is supposed the
man was seeking shelter when he was
overcome from numbness. Severe cold
prevails throughout the State.
LEAVENWORTH. Kans., Dec. 14.—
Mathias Garthoffer, a member of the Na
tional Soldiers' Home, was found frozen
to death under the Kansas City North
western Railway bridge between Leaven
worth and the home. It Is supposed that
be fell from the bridge during the night
and was Injured.
Houseboat Is Swamped.
NASHVILLE. Tenn., Dec. 14.— The
heavy wind and rain last night resulted
in the drowning of Ed Reynolds, a fish
erman; his wife and infant, and two oth
ers narrowly escaped death. They were
on a houseboat moored near the mouth
of Richland Creek, and the sudden rise
of the waters broke its moorings and
the wind drove the boat into the middle
of Cumberland River, where it was blown
over and sunk.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Dec, 14.— The first
general snow of the season in Kentucky
is falling to-day and a cold wave is be
ing felt throughout practically the entire
State. The mercury fell 40 degrees dur
ing the night.
ST. PAUL, Minn.. Dec. 14.— The mer
cury at 7 a. m. here to-day reached 23
degrees below zero. Even colder weather
was reported at other points in the
Northwest. There was considerable suf
fering in the country. Joseph Zulager,
65 years of age, a farmer living In Benton
County, fell in the snow and froze to
death within forty rods of his home.
LA CROSSE, Wis., Dec. 14 —At 740
o'clock this morning the Mississippi River
at this point closed, Ice forming In tne
channel. At 8 o'clock the Government
thermometer registered 23 degrees below
zero.
.KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Dec. 14.-At 7
o clock this morning the temperature in
Kansas City was eight degrees below
zero. The Weather Bureau predicts but
little moderation for the next twenty-four
hours.
DENVER, Colo., Dec. 14.-Fourteen de
grees below zero was the temperature re
corded by the local Weather Bureau at 7
a. m. to-day. At Cheyenne. Wyo.. it was
r> below zero, and at Lander, Wyo.. 24
below.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind.. Dec. 14.-Wright
Fisher and Dr. de Witt Jordan of Vin
cennes were frozen to death near Rose
dale last night. It is said thev were in
toxicated and fell from their buggy
SHEEPHERDERS PERISH.
Reports of Death and Suffering in
Some Isolated Regions.
GUTHERIE, O. T., Dec. 14.-The bliz
zard which has been raging over Okla-
♦_
<$>
Some for practical use. others for decoration. <S>
The above gun Is a relic of the Civil War times t,
and is both durable anJ^r S na^enna 5 .% S uV SS S I f r o? e y o I Sr ad h e on 1 n e tO & hat ™* t
This gun is an $18 Maynard carbine an<3 *
is the best gun we have. They are ali a? ®
-. ,. , . . , . S° od a s new. never having been taken out 4>
af the case. It is a breech loader and was used throughout the Western
plains by soldiers and frontiersmen, and in its day was considered the per <»
rection of rifle maklnR. For hunting, target shooting or defense it Is equHl J,
frce with this e™- We ha - I
Mil. S. KJRIC.
517 Market Street - - - SAN FRANCISCO. %
- — ■ ; --O
Removed to our New Building, 547 Mission Street.
CALIFORNIA ELECTRICAL WORKS
INCORPORATED I8T7
Electrical Machinery, Fixtures and Supplies
Office and Factory 547 Mission Street. g an Francisco Cal.
Cable address: "Greenwood." Codes: Western Union, Lieber's Standard.
Telephone, Private Exchange 144.
homa and Indian Territory since Thurs
day at midnight has done great damage
to stock in estern Oklahoma, where the
langes are unprotected and cattlemen had
not anticipated the sudden change. The
same Is true in all portions of the two
Territories. The prolonged drought of
the summer Injured all Btock and their
condition was not good enough to with
stand the fierce north wind.
From the Creek and Cherokee nations
of Indian Territory are reports of intense
suffering- among the full-blood Indians
whose crops were ruined by the drought.
Unverified reports from isolated districts
report several deaths among the younger
lull-bloods. The blizzard is proving a
great hardship to the settlers in the new
country, who are living In tents and
shacks.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Dec. 14.-Late re
ports received from the southern, western
and eastern portions of the State show
that the weather for the past twenty
four hours has been of unusual severity-r
the temperature falling 24 degrees below
zero at many points. At Cheyenne the
temperature was 22 below at 7 o'clock
this morning. Reports from Laramie,
Rawlins, Green River. AVheatland and
Casper tell of temperatures ranging from
20 to 35 degrees below zero. The weather
i began to moderate to-day.
* Thus far no official reports have been
received of stock losses except where
sheep huddled together on the railroad
and were killed by the cars. - Rumors are
afloat of heavy losses among sheep In the
country between Rawlins and Green Riv
er, where, it seems, the storm was most
severe.
Reports have just been received that
five sheepherders perished In the blizzard
near Point of Rock Thursday night. Four
bodies have been recovered and are now
being taken to Rock Springs, but the
body of the fifth -.man has not yet been
discovered. The names of the unfortun
ates have not been learned, but It is be
lieved one of the men was In the employ
of Tim Kinney of Rock Springs. To date
ten lives have been lost ac a result ol the
blizzard in Wyoming.
OMAHA, Neb., Dec. 14.— The cold wave
has been the most severe experienced in
December for twenty years. The ther
mometer has ranged between 10 and 16
degrees below zero all day in Omaha and
borne points in the State report a temper
ature of 24 below zero..
• MARSHALL. Mo.. Dec. 14.— Jasper
Walker, a negro, was frozen to death on
the street last night. . , .
RAILROAD OFFICIALS
ADOPT NEW BEGtTLATIONS
Rules of the American Railway As
sociation "Will Govern Three
Companies.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Dec. 14.— A con
ference of the leading operating officials
of the Union "Pacific, Oregon Short Line
and the Oregon Railroad and Navigation
companies was held in this city to-day for
the purpose of adopting a new set of rules
for the three. roads. Those who took part
in the conference were General Manager
Dickinson and Superintendent of Trans
portation Buckingham of the Union Pa
cific; General Manager Bancroft of the
Oregon Short Line . and Superintendent
O'Brien and Assistant Superintendent
Buckley of the Oregon Railroad and Nav
igation Company.
It was decided to adopt, with some
changes, the American Railway Associa
tion's code of rules. These will cause a
number of changes to be made in the
present rules of the road.
Sailing Days for Transports.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— The quarter
master general was informed by cable
from Manila to-day of the sailing date
of the transports as follows: Warren,
December 15; Grant, December 25: Meade,
January 1; Rosecrans and Egbert when
it becomes necessary.
A Timely Suggestion.
Can you imagine a more acceptable
present for a lady than a fur neck scarf?
Tou will find the most complete assort
ment of up-to-date styles at Berwln &
Gassner s fur house, 110 Kearny st •
THE SAN FRANCISCO OAXIj, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901
ADVERTISEMENTS.
L. P. DEfiEN
Manufacturer of
BELTING
— AND-
LACING
IO5-107 Mission St.,
San Francisco.
Phone Main 562
Agents fop
Canvas-Stitched Carton Belting
«^
Radam's Microbe Killer is a
sure destroyer of the germs of
Catarrh, Bronchitis, Asthma, Lung
Trouble, etc. No disease germ can
live after Ka<1am"s Microbe Killer
reaches it. It serves as a tonic,
aids digestion, and plves vigor to
nerves and muscles: SI a bottle; $.1
a Jug. Circulars and sample free.
Open evenings. Radam's Microbe
Killer Co., 1470 Market St., phone
Mint 1455, San Francisco. Agen-
cies Los Angeles, Portland and •
Seattle.
> — e
REMOVEO TO
424 Sansome
J. B. Mclntyre
BOOK BINDER
ACCOUNT-BOOK -
MANUFACTURER
— AND—
PRINTER
Telephone, Main 1107.
Bookbinding
In al. its branches
Fine Bind-ngs
Printing-,
Lithographing-.
Bank, Insurance and Mercan-
tile "Work a Specialty.
All Account-Books made from flrst-class
Ledger Paper and with Patent Flat-
Opening Backs. ;
Agents
Paci'ic
Warehouse (D £T* £\
Port
Costa
311 California Street
EXPORTERS OF....
, WHEVT and BARLEY
; 6
V ■ ' ' • ■
Manufacturers and Dealers in
ANIMAL AND WILLOW CHARCOAL
Ivory Black, Bone Ash
FERTILIZERS, NEAT'S FOOT" OIL, TALLOW, ETC.
' f V*f%it, pXc?Sf San Francisco, Cal.
XA^ 31 MAIN STREET I /V
j^^rn^ Electrical Engineers
£& and Contractors
MarinelnstaHations^ rs
Ciies, C. ■ Moore & Co. ifiiii if Babcock & Wilcox Co.
r . - n r . "U 11^ 1 .^ PATENT WATER TUBE
engineers and Dealers in
Motive Power Machinery Engines Rfl If PD'S
CP THB. H3GHEST, GR^DB. ' * _% '
COMPLETE PUNTS INSTALLED. Wk. MARIHE^ANDJTATIONARY.
MODERN STEAM SPECIALTIES. Auxiliary ru y
32 FIRST STREET, M W. LliaS. L. MOOfe
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. . "»«Cninery. PA c.f.c coast manager.
lo« anodes. «battle. o-^__ I 32 First St., San Francisco, Cal.
The,.. |1|
Cdlifnrnifi
dlliui Hici
Manufacturers of
/
Gannon, Sporting
and Mining Powder.
. Smokelers Sporting and Rifle
Powier.
Shot Gun Cartridges, Black and
Smokeless.
330 Market Street,
San Francisco.
WORKS AT HERCULES AND
SANTA CRUZ.
/;;^ iiviiki?isEMEBrrs.
ooo«oeoa©o©oeoeoo©©®oo©Gooo®ea©ooo©©©90oooooo
® • . '2
| 209-211 MARKET STREET, •
§ SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA. |
| EXPORTERS and DEALERS f
© • i r\i O
A * * * • • • q
I AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, |
I BUGGIES AND WAGONS. I
. |
• A Complete Stock of •
• JOHN DEERE PLOWS |
• DEERE DISC HARROWS •
S BUCKEYE DRILLS S
S SCHUTTLER WAGONS o
| DEER1NG MOWERS «
• ... AND ... O
| DEERE ALL RIGHT VEHICLES |
• * Carried in San Francisco, g
• Cable Address Telephone g
• DE&rt. San Francisco. MAIN 5186 w
©®©®Q©©Q©Qeooeo®eGQ9®oe©e©ooe©©o©oaeo«ooo®eoo
MODERN MINING MACHINERY.
QUARTZ MILLS OF ANY CAPACITY
IN UNITS OF TWO AND FIVE STAMPS.
Acme Amalgamators for Beach Sands
and other placer mining. Successfully applied to quartz mills in addition to or displac-
ing: plates.
SUCCESSFUL GRAVEL MILL RECENTLY IMPROVED. ;
Special Gold Dredging Fumps and Machinery. Concentrators
Feeders, Rock Breakers and Power Plants.
' Largest manufacturers of Irrigation and Reclamation Pumps in the United States.
Catalogues: No. 20, Pumps; No. 22, Beach and River Sands; No. 23, Mining.
•KROGH MANUFACTURING CO.,
1 7-9 Stevenson Street - - San Francisco, Cal.
WEBFflOT— Old style, one STEREOTYPS Rlir'T A I
of the o'dest and best »nd lYl ll I A L
brands of redlpped plats. - , LINOTYPE "? uiniJ
THE CALL IS PRINTED WITH OUIt METAL
PACIFIC METAL WORKS
If LEAD, "TIN, ANTIMONY, ZINC, AL.-
0 UMINUM, BISMUTH , SOLDER AND
H BABBITT, ROOFING PLATES, CAN-
H NERS* SOLDER A SPECIALTY. STE-
& REOTYPE AND LINOTYPE METAL
1 137-139 First St. frSsco 4-6-8 Natoma St.
H 73-75 NORTH v ECOND, PORTLAND, OR.
H Pacific Metal Works—Old Process, made
H of best Siemen'a Martin hammered steel;
H " a ' - heavily coated by hand: free from -wasters:
Ejj FRlFCi),the best ot ■ . we fjuarantee this equal In all respects to
Eg the Common Plates. any plate that can be offered.
PELTON WATER WHEELS
ARE ECONOMICAL AND RELIABLE.
ADAPTED FOR ALL POWER PURPOSES
( END FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOCUE.
THE PFLTON WATER WHEEL CO.
127 MAIN ST., SAN FRAN 1SCO. 143 LIBERTY ST., NEW YORK
&ranci <ttotei Ua/e
. NEW MONTGOMERY STREEr
Merchants' lunch of superior excellence
served dai'.y from H&O a. m. to 2 p. m.
FOSTER «r FAY.;/. SAN FRANCISCO
EUREKA
Boiler JHforks
WM. J. BRADY, JVoprietor
Manufacturers ot all kinds of
BOILERS
General Blacksmfthing and
Machine VS'ork
SHIP WORK A SPECIALTY
—
113-115 MISSION 13TREET
Telephone,' Main 5043. !3*a Francisco.
E3TABLISHID 19' 18S6.
TUBBS
CORDAGE
COMPANY,
K1RUFAC1USXE3
0? ALL SIZSS 0T
Manila and Sisal Rope/"
Binder Twine, Lath Yarn,
Drilling Cables, Whale
Line, Rope for Trans-
mission of Power. x
607,609,611,613
FRONT STREET,
SAN FJTAftc'SCO.
FACTORY AT
POTRtRO.
SCHILUNGER'S
PATENT
SIDEWALK
GARDEN WALK
A SPECIALTY.
GEORGE
GOODMAN,
Patentee and
Manufacturer of
ARTIFICIAL STONE
In All Its Branches.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Telephone, Main 5322m
OFFICE:
3O7
MONTGOMERY
STREET,
NEVADA BLOCK,
UNION PULP and
PAPER COMPANY
A! anuf nctui-e r s
and Dealt ra
Wrapping Paper, Paper
Bags, Twines, etc.
Manufacturers of the
Celebrated Stirling Manilla.
410-12-14 SANJ5OME ST.
6. E. Cor. Commercial.
. Depot of
Lebanon and South Coast MillsCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Local hank clearings gain for ihe week.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat and Barley not materially changed.
Oats firm and $i per ton higher up north.
Corn dull and unchanged. Rye firmly held.
Middlings 50c higher. Bran and Hay unchanged.
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes very firmly held. Onions easy.
Weather Bureau reports severe damage to Southern Vegetables.
Extremely low temperatures throughout the Southern Orange belt.
First Orange auction of the season to-morrow. - ■
Poultry and Game in liberal supply and dull.
Raisins and Prunes moving rapidly out of the State.
Other Dried Fruits in moderate supply and firm.
Provisions well held, but not very active.
Another advance in Hogs. Beef and Mutton firm.
Bank, Clearings.
Local bank clearings during the pa6t week
were f25.238.103, against 522,959,050 during the
tame week last year.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Mail advices from New York say:
"The dried fruit situation, both on spot and
on tie coast, developed decided firmness last
•week, and at the close prices Tor raisins and
prunes were etrong, with an advancing ten
dency. The change In the raisin market was
the principal feature, the practical securing of
control of the crop on the coast by the seed
ing combine causing excited and higher mar
kets all over the country. At the close 3
crown loose Muscatels on the spot were held
•mostly from 5%@5%c, with buyers offering
ajVic Seeded were firm from 7%@7%c for fan-
Coast prices were still withdrawn by prac
tically all packers, but one large outsider was
reported to have named quotations of 6%c for
choice and 7c for fancy, f. o. b., coast. The
seeding combine, or "High Five** telegrams
from California stated that they would name a
price late Saturday, and there was a belief on
the part of some of the best informed local
brokers that the new quotations would be at
about the figures already mentioned, as put out
by an outsider.
"Prunes steadily became firmer during the
week, and at the close it was hard to buy any
Fize Santa Claras, except 50-60s, at 3c basis
on the coast. One large coast packer estimates
the stock of new prunes on the coast at not
over 300 cars, all told. The epot market is
strong, with a fair demand.- Coast advices re
port an advance of %c in apricots and a firmer
leeling in peaches, with Sight supplies of both.
The feeling on both a:-ticles is rather firmer
locally.
"Currants are strong on the spot at 6c, with
a continued active demand for Amalias in bar
rels and cleaned in cartons. Amalias are of
fered at 5v«c. Goods to arrive per Miramax,
<lue about Christmas, are stated to be offering
from 5%@5%c. The Greek market is reported
strong, with advancing tendency, and stocks
becoming light. A cable quoted 15s 6d for
Amalias for prompt shipment per Manln. Figs
sold about %c higher at Friday's auction sale
and the market is etrong and active. Dates
ar»> in moderate demand.
"Filberts are scarce and higher from S%@
Sc. .sales being reported Saturday at the latter
figure. Naples walnuts are in very light sup
ply and wanted, holders asking 11 %c firm. Tar
ragona almonds are practically exhausted, Jor
-r:an almonds scarce and firm at 37%@3Sc, and
Brazils very scarce and firm."
Weather Report.
fl20th MeriCian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 14, 1001—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<!ate, ae compared with those of the same date
last reason, and rainfalls In the last twenty
four hours:
I^ast 24 This Last
Stations — . Hours. Season. Season
Eureka 0.00 Ifl.01 17.11
Red Bluff 0.00 S.61 fc.10
Facramento 0.00 5.88 6.92
Pan Francisco 0.00 5.80 «.29
Fresno 0.00 2.17 5.22
Independence 0.00 1.34 2.26
Pan Luis Obispo 0.00 4.5G 10.20
Los Angeles 0.00 2.46 6.79
San Diego 0.00 O.77 1.73
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
£2; minimum. 42; mean, 47.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 56-40! Omaha 10-16
Cincinnati 68-32, Duluth 16-2G
Washington 62-46 Salt Lake City.... 24-20
Jacksonville 76-CC | Chicago ._ 43-02
Kansas City 26-08,St. Louis 54-00
New York 56-52 ! Philadelphia 64-56
THE COAST RECORD.
a & 2 0 55
STATIONS. § If II ;?! |o f
•; ■ :": T ? o
Artoria 30.28 42 34 NE Cloudy !o0
■jjakir 30.36 84 20 Calm Clear .00
Oarson 30.24 62 20 NW Clear .00
Kureka SO. 20 52 32 KW Clear .00
Fresno 30.20 54 *J0 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.32 38 02 SW Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello, Ida. 30. 22 26 20 SE Cloudy .02
Independence. .30.06 52 22 PE . Clear .00
Los Angeles... 30. 12 60 30 W Clear .00
T»hoenlx 30.18 54 26 EE Clear .00
Portland ..:..30.40 40 34 XW Cloudy .01
Red Bluff 30.24 48 30 SW Clear .00
Roseburg 30.38 38 28 NW Clear .00
Sacramento ..30.22 45 34 NW Clear .00
Halt Lake 30.20 30 20 S Snow T.
San Franci.co.30. 22 52 42 XW Clear .00
S L Oblepo..30.20 fcO 26 W Clear .00
Dleeo ....30.14 53 38 NW Clear .00
Seattle f 30.44 38 32 E Cloudy T.
.Spokane 30.40 30 18 BW Clear .00
•Veah Bay 30.40 44 38 SE Cloudy .00
"SValla Walla.. 30. 34 44 24 E Clear .00
■Wlnnemucca...30.20-42 OS XE Clear .00
yi ma ; 30.12 68 26 E Clear .00
Tempertaure— 7 a. ra.. 45 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The pressure haa fallen slowly over the
southern half or the Paciflc Coast and has
risen over Idaho and Alberta. The temperature
continued below the normal over most of Cal
ifornia, but is beginning to rise slowly in
Southern California and Arizona. Intensely
co!d -weather prevails generally in the East.
Light to heavy frosts may be expected in
California on Sunday morning.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. December 15, 1901:
Northern California — Cloudy.- Sunday; fresh
northerly winds; not so cold; light to heavy
1 routs Sunday morning.
f Southern California— Cloudy Sunday; not
l.juite bo cold; fresh westerly winds; frost Sun
dav rnornlns:.
Nevada — Fair Sunday; warmer; light north-
r san Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Sunday;
r.ot so com; *™j^*S££" b . McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14. — Operators in the
ftock market placed a favon.ble interpretation
upon to-day's bank statement and bought stock
L-riskTy after its appearance. As prices ro.-e
over last night's level, heavy soiling to realize
v.as encountered, which carried urlces back
from the best. The offerings diminished at tlio
dfcline and the elosire was firm, at a level
generally above that of last night. Previous
to the bank statement, the market was dull and
lieeltating and governed largely by the erratic
fluctuations in Amalgamated Copj>er. That
etock opened with running Bales of 2C00 shares
at 6J»14 to CO, compared with 66'^ at las*,
nishfs close. It declined to €4%. breaking
the low record and checking the advancing
i tendency in other ttocks. The la-st price was
I'JSVi a net l'.erf of a rx>lnt from last night.
The stock went % lower than last Saturday,
compared with a hish price early in the week
more than 10 points over last Saturday's low
prices. The eentlrocnt regarding- the stock
was much confused and brokers usually cred
ited with acting ior insiders both bought ana
: Hold the etock. The decline in c«sh reserve of
the banks Was about a million less than wan
expected. The liquidation in the speculative
markets was reflected in the loan contraction
of $11,178,100. which reduced the encroach
ment on the eurplus to $1,152,650. The trans
fer of funds to New Orleans through the Sub-
Treasury wai continued to-day, and foreign
exchange here hardened, but money was easier
in London. '
The contraction In money supply has been
the dominating influence in the stock market
during the whole of the week, as was clearly
foreshadowed in last Saturday's bank state
ment. With surplus reserves of banks down to
below seven millions and large requirements
for credits incident to the season definitely
known, the problem was one of very simple
arithmetic. Loans placed on call with easily
marketable collateral and especially suc'i as
was used for the speculative holding of stocks
on margin are always the first to be called in
when money requirements are to be met for
other purposes. The action of the money mar
ket has also suggested rather clearly that ssme
of the solid financial powers have acquiesced
in a downward course of srices for the time
as offering: a more substantial vantage ground
from which to face the exigencies of the
annual settlements. In addition there have
been demands to meet which were not counted
: upon. Such has been the foreign demand for
gold, in spite of the decline of exchange rates
to below the point at which gold exports are
profitable as a simple exchange operation. The
gold which has gone out Is believed to have
been purchased at what was in effect a pre
mium by foreign banking institutions which
are desirous to make a favorable showing of
bullion reserves for their annual reports. The
active speculation In grains and cotton ha«
also made continuous demands upon New York
for cash, which was not counted upon at this
season cf the year. The smaller expenditures
of the Government, as compared with last
year, have expanded the current surplus and
made larger demands upon the New York
money market through Sub-Treasury opera
tions. The decision of the treasury to pay the
interest in advance is designated as a relief
from the drain, but the payments will not be
made available until next week. The money
market has been active and stringent during
the week and there was a good deal of liqui
dation, but the liquidation of speculative ac
counts forced calling of loans.
Amalgamated Copper, though very erratic
during the week, was very heavily dealt in,
and has .been less of a disturbing element
than last week, its occasional rallies exercis
ing a sustaining influence on stocks at times.
Railrcad bonds have been quite active an>1
irregular. While the outlook is for well sus
tained money rates until the end of the year
and a reoression of speculative buying, the
present condition in trade In all lines keeps
the undertone of speculation confident.
United States old and new fours and the
fives advanced % i>er cent over the closing
call of last week.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. Hlih. Low. Close.
Atchison 7,200 76ii 75T4 7«%
Atchison pfd 2,100 98% OS »8%
Baltimore & Ohio. 1.500 101% 101 101 »i
Bait & Ohio pfd 94
Canadian Pacific .. 1,000 112% lll»i 112
Canada Southern . 200 86 80 65%
Chesp & Ohio 1.100 46 45% 45%
Chicago & Alton... 800 33 v4 33 33
Chi & Alton pfd... 200 77% 77% 75%
Chi Ind & Louis... 700 47 47 47%
Chi Ind & L pfd 73%
Chi & Eastern 111 134%
Chi & Great W 5,300 24V* 23% 23%
Chi & G W A pfd 85%
Chi&GWBpfd.. 100 44% 44% 44
Chi & Northwest.. 200 19t> 107% 191)
Chi Rock I & P... 300 U7M 147 147
Chi Term & Trans 1514
Chi Term & T pfd 29%
C C C & St Louis. 100 97% 97% 97
Colorado Southern. 400 13% 13% 13%
Colo South 1st pfd. 100 6«% 6t»% 5G
Colo South 2d pfd. 100 25% 25 25
Delaware & Hud.. 500 172 171 171
Del Lack & West 244
Den & Rio Grande. COO 43 42% 43
Den & Rio G pfd.. 100 93 93 U3
Erie 7,700 39% :M»«i 30%
Erie 1st pfd 100 71% 70% . 71
Erie 2d pfd 600 55% 54% 55%
Great North pfd 182%
Hocking Valley ... 300 63% 62% 62%
Hocking Val pfd 80%
Illinois Central ... 400 137% 137% '137%
Iowa Central 1,700 35% 35«. 35%
Iowa Ctnt pfd.... 200 70% 70% 70
Lake Erie & W... 700 66 65% 66
Lake Erie & W pf d 122
Louis & Nash 7.500 105 104 104
Manhattan L 194 137% 132% 132%
Metrop St By 800 159 158% 158%
Mexican Central .. 1,600 23% 2J% 22%
Mexican National.. 600 13% 13% U%
Minn & St Louis 107
Missouri Pacific . . . 9,000 103% 102 102%
M K & Texas..... 100 25% 25% 25%
M K & Texas pfd 50%
N J Central 175
N Y Central 5,700 163% 162% 162%
Norfolk & West... 2,000 55% 55 55%
Norfolk & West pfd 91
Northern Pac pfd 99%
Ontario & West... 4,400 33% 32% 3-i%
Pennsylvania 9.800 147V* 140% 147%
Reading 14,100 47% 4«% 47%
Reading 1st pfd... 500 79% 79 79
Reading 2d pfd 1.C00 57% 56% 57%
St L & San V 2,300 53 51% 52%
St L & S F 1st pfd 79
St L & S F 2d pfd. 400 70% 70 70
St L Southwest 300 27% 27 27%
St L Southwest pfd 800 58% 67% 58
St Paul , 160%
Ht Paul pfd .... 186%
Southern Pacific: 58%
Southern Railway 32%
Southern Ry pfd... 1.1OO 91% 91% 91%
Texas & Pacific... 1,000 38% 37% 3SV 4
Toledo St L & W.. 1,800 18% 18% 18%
Tol St L & W pfd 31%
Union Pacific Wfc
Union Pacific pfd. 2,100 88 87% 87%
Wabash 600 23 22 22%
•Wabash pfd 8,500 43 41% 42 : U
Wheeling & L. E 18
W & L E 2d pfd 28
Wisconsin Central. 400 20% 20 20%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 100 40% 40% 40%
Express Companies —
Adams 1»0
American 193
United States 89
Wells Fargo 180
Mtsce! laneous —
Amalgamated Cop. 66,900 68% 66% 65%
Amer Car & F 300 30 30 29%
Amer C & F pfd.. __ 100 85 85 85%
American Lin Oil 17
Amer Lin Oil pfd 47
Amer Smelt & Ref. 1,000 41% 43% 44
Amer S & R pfd... »6%
Anaconda Mln Co. 1,700 29% 29 21)%
Brooklyn Rapid T. H,800 63 02 62%
Colorado Kuel & I.. 1.200 Ht % 79 84*6
Consolidated Gas.. 1.000-215% 215 215%
General Electric... 1.500 285 281 V 3 282
Glucose Sugar 300 39 39 39
Hocking Coal 200 15% 15 15%
International Pap«>r 700 20 20 20
Internationa! P pfd 75
International Pow. 100 83% 88% 88%
Laclede Gas «0
National Bi6cuit 43
National Lead 16%
National Salt pfd •. 01
North American... 700 92% 92% 02 Vi
Pariflc Coast 100 73% 7.H4 77%
Pacific Mail 700 43% 43% 43%
People's Gas 100 »9 9» 98%
Pressed Steel Car.. 1,100 :»'/4 38% 38%
Pressed Steel C pfd 100 82% 82% 81
Pullman Palace Car 211
Republic Susel 25
Republic Steel pfd. 1OO 69 69 <i»
Sugar 120%
Terneswe Coal * I .... *... (51
Union Bag & P Co 14%
Union B & P C pfd .... 71
TT S Leather 700 11% 11% 11%
IT S Leather pfd.. 300 S2 82 81%
U S Rubber 300 13% . 13% 18%
IT S Rubber pfd.. 100 40 '49 48
IT fi fiteel 400 40 40%" 40%"
U S Steel pfd 4,400 fll^ , 80>£ 90%
Western Union 200 »l% 91 91*1
American Loco 3,200 31 30U 30%
Amer Loco pfd 200 87% 87% 87%
Total Bales...... 335.300
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2a reg 108% L & N uni 4s 103
Do 2s coupon... 109 Mexican Cent 4s.. 82%
Do 3s reg 108% Do let inc 29%
Do 3s coupon,. 108% Minn & St L 4s.. 103$
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901.
Do new 4s reg. .139% M K & T 4s 96#
Do new 4s coup. 139% Do 2ds. 81
Do old 4s reg. . .Ulft NYC lsts 106H
I*> old 4s coup. 112% Do gen 3V£s....H0 %
£° 0s reg 107% N J C gen 5a 131 %
.P2, 6 * coupon. .107% N Pacific 4s 105
Atehlson gen ,4s.. 102% Do 3s 72U
»*>> adJ 4s 03% N & W con 4s... .102%
B * O 4s 102V4 Reading gen 4s.. «9>4,
; £° 3%» fl«% St L & I M con 5s.ll6%
_Do Conv 4s 104 St L & S F 4s... 98
Canada So 2ds...lOSK St L Swestrn lsts. 9dV<
Central of Ga 6s. .105^ Do 2ds 79<2
Do 1st inc 75 S A & A P 4s 89"!
Ches & O4Hs 106% S Pacific 4s 92&
Chicago & A 3%s. 86 8 Railway 5s.... 121
C B & Q new 4s.. 97% Tex dfc Pac lsts..H8V4
C M & St P g 4S.111 Tol St L & W 4s. 81
C & N con 7s 138% U Pacific 43 10o5»
C R I & P 4s 106% Do conv 4b 105%
CCC&StLg4s.iam Wabash lsts. . . . .117H
Chicago Term 4s. S!)% Do 2ds 11314 I
£<>'•» * Ko 4s 88% Do deb B (W14
D & R G 4s 10.JV. West Shore 4s..,. lit
Erie prior Hen 4s.l00U Wheel & L E 4s.. 01 '
i>o gen 4s 89M: Wise Cent 4s 00
F W & D C lsts. .104 Con Tobacco 4s.. 62*4
Hocking Val 4%s.lO8%
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westlnghse com.. 73'6
Call loans.' ,..4 @5 Mining— . .
Time loans..... .4>4@5 Adventure 19
Bonds — Allouez *Vi
Atchison 4s 102 Amalgamated ... <56^4
Mexican Cent 4s.. 80 Baltic 37
N E Gas & Coke.. 57 Blngham 2«V£
Railroads— Calumet & Hecla.615
Atchison 76% Centennial 1HV,
Do prefd B8% Copper Range 54%
Bpoton & Albany.25!) Dominion Coal.:. 47%
Boston & Maine. .189% Franklin 14
Boston Elevated. .168 Isle Royale 20*4
N Y N H & H...212 Mohawk 32
Fltchburg prefd.. 14"4~U Old Dominion.... 23
Union Pacific 00% Osceola R3
Mexican Central.. 21% Parrot 31
-Miscellaneous — Quincy 147
American Su*ar..120% Eanta Fe Copper. 3
Amer Tel & Tel.. 160 Tamarack 260
Dom Ircn & Steel. 25% Trimountaln 38%
General Electric. .281 Trinity 14%
Mass Electric... 33 United States il< 1^
Do prefd 92 Utah Z1Z*
N E Gas & Coke. 5 I Victoria SS%
United Fruit 00% Wlnona 1")*
US Steel.: *i Wolverine .t 52
Do prefd 8l I ■
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. .
Adams Con 20 Little Chler '12
Alice 45 Ontario 8 50
Breece 15 Ophir '• 60
Brunswick Con 75 Phoenix 06
Comstock Tunnel.. 00 Potosi 02
Con Cal & Va 1 05: Savage 01
Deadwood Terra.. 50 i Sierra Nevada 12
Horn Silver 1 001 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver CO Standard 3 45
Leadvllle Con 0(il
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— The statement of the
associated banks for the week ending to-day
shows :
Loans. $870,373,900; decrease, $11,178,100."
Deposits. $923,158,300; decrease, $15,799,800.
Circulation, $31,879,000; decrease, $107,400.
Legal tenders, $71,785,800; decrease, f 30,700.
Specie. $1L'4,458,8OO; decrease, $5,071,900. '
Reserves. $230.24-1.000; decrease. $5,102,600.
Reserve required. $230,770,575; decrease, $3,
949,950.
Surplus, $5,455,025; decrease, $1,152,050.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was fairly active and
the tone buoyant on further war news. Amer
ican shares were moderately busy, although
telegraphic communication is still disorganized.
Anaconda was unchanged and Rio Tintos were
steadier at 41. :
CLOSING.
LONDON, Dec. 14. — Anaconda, 6%: Atchi
son, 79; Atchison preferred, 101 >4; Canadian
Pacific, 115H: Denver»and Rio Grande, 44V4;
Denver and Rio Grande preferred, 95 Vi; North
ern Paciflc preferred, 102; Southern Pacific,
09%; Union Paciflc, 102^.; Union Pacific pre
ferred. 90%. Bar silver, quiet, 25 7-16d per
ounce. Money. 3@3^£ per cent.
HOPS— Steady. £3 5s@-£3 15s.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14 —To-day's state
ment of the Treasury shows : Available casn
balance. $170.S56,846; gold. $114,837,157.
)
New York Grain and Produce
NEW YORK, Dec. 14. — FLOUR — Receipts,
15,300 barrels; exports. 7700. Quiet but steady.
Winter patents, $3 75@4; winter straights,
$3 45@3 65; Minnesota patents, $3 85@4 10;
winter extras, $2 80@3; Minnesota bakers',
$2 90-f 3 35; winter low grades', $2 50@2 60. J
WHEAT — Receipts, 170,500 bushels; exports,
25,000. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 86%c f. o. b.
afloat and 84%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, 85%c f. o. b. afioat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
9::%c f. o. b. afloat. Options displayed activity
and further strength as the result of higher
cables, bad weather in the Southwest, small
spring wheat receipts and activity among
Fhorts. Later the market eased off under real
izing and closed steady at }6@^4c net advance.
March, 8C ] ,i@8G%c. closed 8B%c; May, closed
t>59»c: July, closed 85%c.
HOPS — Quiet. State, common to choice, 1901
crop, HGtll^e; 1900 crop, 868>.4c; Paciflc
Coast. 1901 crop, ll@15c; 1900 crop, 8(f8V'.c.
HIDES — Steady. Galveston, 18c; California,
19V?c; Texas dry, 14%c.
WOOL — Dull. Fleece, 25@28c; Texas, 16®
17c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. '7 invoice,
0%c; mild, steady. Futures closed steady, un
changed to 5 points lower. Total sales, 19,500
bags, including: December, $B 65; March.
$6 90: May, $7 05(87 10; July. 57 30; Septem
ber. $7 4O@7 45; October, $7 60.
SUGAR — Raw. steady; fair reflninjr, 3 9-32c;
centrifugal, 90 test. 3%c; molasses sugar.
3 l-32c: refined, steady; No. 6, 4.30c; No. 7,
4.20c; No. 8, 4.10c: No. 9. 4.05c: No. 10, 4c;
No. 11. 3.05c; No. 12. 3.95c; No. 13. 3.9Oc: No.
14. 4c; standard, 4.70c; confectioners* A, 4.70c;
mold A, 5.25c; cut loaf, 5.40c; crushed, 5.40c;
powdered, 5c; granulated. 4.90c; cubes, 6.75c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4500 packages. Steady.
State dairy, 15®23c; creamery. 16®27c; June
creamery. 15®21%c; factory, 13@lC%c.
EGGS — Receipts, 4000 packages. Firm.
Western, at mark. 26c.
DRIED FRUITS.
The usual Saturday dullness prevailed in the
market for evaporated apples, wnlle the under
tone was still steady at old prices. State
common to good, C@8V4c: prime, 9>4c; choice.
9^(&»%c; fancy. 10@10%c.
California dried fruits were dull.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS — Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark. 9»£@
13c.
PEACHES — Peeled, 12® 13c; unpeeled, 7@
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. 14.— An Inclination to take
profits and Saturday dullness worked against
the cold weather bull factor in grains to-day
and May wheat closed %c down. Wheat had a
dull, steady market, ruling firm early but
eoon losing the gain. Weather conditions had
a good deal to do with the speculative temper
ament and the early cables were something of
a help. Receipts were light and May opened a
shade lower to %®'%c up at 80%@80%c, and
quickly sold up to B0%@81c. Trade was not
Important and the early demand from commis
sion houses was about the only feature.? This
soon gave way to profit-taking on the bulgu
and the market gradually sagged off to 79%c
closing weak %c lower at 79%i3>7D%c.
Corn was fairly active and ruled firm the
greater part of the session, i The early de
mand was largely on the part of the shorts,
but the outside markets were also fair buyers.
The cold weather brought the early spurt on the
fear that heavy feeding to stock would be
necessary. Profit taking caused a recession,
May closing steady. %c higher at 67V4@67%c.
Oats were moderately active, but ruled easy
after the early bulge. May closed Weak, Vi@
%o lower at 45%c. ' • . -
Provisions were dull but ruled very firm. The
demand was largely for the local account and
was supplied by packers. May closed lii'/.c
higher and lard and ribs each 7%o higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Lo W . close.
Wheat. No. 2 —
December 76T» - 77 7B% 75%
'May S0% 81 79$ 79%
July s 60% SO-i 79H 79%
Corn. No. 2—
December 64% 65 64 64
May 67% 6«i; 67U 67%
July :. 67% 68 67 67&
Oats. No. 2—
December 45% 45'i 44% 44%
May 4«V* 46# 45$ 45$
July 40tf 40*4 39«i S0*i
Mess pork, oer barrel —
January 16 46 1« 45 16 40 16 46
May 16 85 18 »7% 18 85 16 90
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 9 87ty 9 90 9 85 B 87U
May 9 87% 9 00 » 85 9 90
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
January ■ .... ' .... 8 45
May 8 62M 8 «S 8 60 g 62
Cash Quotations wert as follows: Flour,
steady; winter patent*. $3 70®3 90; straight*.
$3 30@3 70; clears, $3@3 40; spring specials,
$4 30; patenU, $3 50@3 80; straights, $3@3 10;
No. 3 spring wheat, 74@76c; No. 2 red. 80@
82>^c; No. 2 oats, 46>4c; No. 2 white. 48^@4ac;
No. 3 white. 48@48%c; No. 2 rye, 64V6c; fair
to choice malting, 59@61c; No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 46^; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 47»£; prime
timothy seed, $6 55; mess pork per barrel,
$15 40@>15 50; lard, per 100 lbs, $0 82y a @9 85;
short ribg sides (loose). $8 3.1®$ 55; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c; short clear sides
(boxej). $8 80@8 90; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 32; clover, contract grade, $0 25.
Articles — * Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bu i... 37,000 33,000
Wheat bu 75,000 21,000
Corn, bu lffl.OOO (H.000
Oats, bu 2U.00O '290,000
Rye, bu l!>,000 3,000
Barley bu 105,000 31,000
■ On the Produce Exchange to-day the bu:
,er market was. steady; creameries, 15@24<
lairies. 14®20c. Cheese, steady; 9Vi@l<H4<
Eggs, firm; fresh, 26c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening -W ires deranged.
Closing . 0% 6 2%
PARIS.
Wheat — ---"• ■ • Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening 22 40 23 00 ■
Closing 22 23 00
Hour —
Opening 27 85 29 10
Closing 27 65 21) 10
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. 14. — CATTLE — Receipts,
200. Steady; nominal. Good to prime, $0(5'
7 50; poor to medium, $3 75@5 00; stockers and
feeders. $2@4 25; cows, $1@4 35; heifers, $1 50
@5; canners, $1@2; bulls, $1 75@4 50; calves,
$2@5 25; Texas fed steers, $4 5C@5 SO.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 18,000; Monday, 30,
000; left over, 7000. Steady to ■. Btrong and
higher, closed dull. Mixed and butchers, $5 80
@U 40;' good to choice heavy, $0 20@6 60; rough
heavy $5 80@6 10; light, $5@5 bO; bulk of
sales. $5 80@ti 30. . .
SHEEP — Receipts, 13.0OQ; -• steady. Lambs,
firm. Good to choice wethers, $3 50@4; fair to
choice mixed, $2 75@3 30: Western sheep, $3@
4; native lambs. $2 50@4 50; Western lambs,
$2®4. »
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH Mo., Dec 14. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 200. Market steady; Natives, $* 25®
7 25; cows and halfers, $1@5 25; veala. $2 50®
5 25; stockers and feeders, $2@4 25.
HOGS — Receipts. 6400. Market steady; light
and light mixed, $5 80@0 50; . medium and
heavy, )?u 30® 6 bO. •
SHEEP — Receipts nothing.
New York Metal Marker.
, NEW YORK, Dec. 11. — Copper in the local
market for metals was still unsettled, but
without quotable change, though a weak un
dertone prevailed with $15 37%@15 02% quoted
for lake and *15@15 25 for casting. No re
ports were received from London. Trade was
very quiet and unchanged in tin, with quota
tions unchanged at $24 87%@25 15. Lead was
dull at $4 37% and spelter dull at $4 -15, while
iron was quiet, but steady, with pig Iron war
rants quoted at $10 50@ll CO; No. 1 northern
foundry, $15 C0@16; No. 2 foundry, southern,
$14 50@15 50; No. 1 foundry, southern. $14 50
@15 50; No. 1 foundry, . southern, soft,- $15 50
(a 16.
Exports and Imports of Specie.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— Exports ! of specie
from this port to all countries for this week
aggregate $017,708 sliver and $1,520,440 gold.
Imports pf specie this week were $20,806 gold
and $12,004 silver.
The imports of dry goods and merchandise
at the port of New York for this week were
valued at $11,682,781. , , , ; , .
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14. — Cotton closed quiet
and unchanged.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Dec. 14. — The sixth series of the
1901 wool auction gales closed to-day with of
ferings of 9170 bales. Demand was brisk and
full rates were obtained.- There was brisk
competition ..to-day for Merinos and fine cross
breds. Good sold well. Under the influence of
American and I French competition medium
greasy improved 6 per cent above the opening.
The demand tor scoured was better. The total
amount purchased for the Continent amounted
to 88.000 bales and for the United States 3000
bales.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Dec. 14.— Clearings, $337,466;
balances, $27,392.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
PORTLAND, Dee. 14.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 59^@60c: bluestem, Clc; valley, 60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Dec. 14.— WHEAT— Quiet and
steady; bluestexn, 60c; club, 59c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 14. — Consols, 93; silver,
25 7-lfid; French rentes, lOlf 40c.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 14.— Wheat in Paris,
steady; flour in Parig, steady.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $t 83!J
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 02V'«
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05 "
Silver, per ounce — 65
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44 J^ @ 44%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — News was scarce yesterday, as It
was Saturday and .the telegraph wires in the
United Kincdom were badly deranged by a
storm. The Chicago market was steady and
moderately active at the opening, but a bear
raid and lack of outside orders caused weak
ness later on. Below zero weather was gener
ally reported throughout the West and South
west, but it was generally preceded by snow,
which prevented a good deal of damage to
the winter cron.
The market was dull and not materially
chanced.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 02 &; milling,
$1 03%@l 00% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 0:15 o'clock — December —
2C00 ctls, $1 08 V». .
Second Session — May — SCOO ctls, $1 00%;'
2000, $1 00!;.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
$1 07; 1O.OOO. $1.0714.
BARLEY — There Is nothing whatever new in
this market. Feed. 78^@80c for choice bright,
77VjC for No. 1 and 72>^@75c for off grades;
brewing and shipping grades, 82V4@85c; Che
valier, 80c@f 1 per cental.
CALL BOARD SALES. '
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second -.Session-r-No- sale:.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS — The recent large Government accept
ances up north at good prices has had the ef
fect of advancing quotations there $1 per ton.
This market rules firm at previous prices.
Grays, $1 12%©1 20 for feed and $1 20®l 25
for seed: whites. $1 15® 1 30; Surprise. $1 ,10®
1 35; black. 95c@$l 07^i for feed, and $1 15@
1 22% for seed, red, $1 12y.@l 20 per ctl for
feed and $1 20@l 30 for seed.
CORN — There i» nothing new in the local
situation, the market being dull. Chicago was
strong yesterday on better foreign advices.
Large yellow, $1 37'/4@l 42^; email round do,
$137^(5)142^; white. $1 SC@1 42% per ctl.
RYE: — 75<580c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 250
3 60, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 1S@3 25;
Oregon, $2 6002 75 per barrel for family and
S2 76@3 for Bakers' : Washington Bakers',
$2 75@3. ' .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per lOOilbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do. $4: Oat Groats. $5; Hominy.
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@>4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $(! SS®
8 35; in sacks, $tt 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas. $6 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff's.
Middlings have again advanced 60c per ton.
Bran Is unchanged. There Is nothing new In
Hay. - , -
BRAN — $16@16 5O per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $18@>19 60 per ton. ' '
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@28; Job
bing. $28 50029; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal. $31031 60; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32;
Mixed Feed, $16<3)17. - -
HAY — Wheat, $9@11; fancy, $irC0®12;
Wheat and Oat, $8011; Oat, J7@10; Barley
and Oat; $7® 9: Alfalfa, $8®9 SO: Clover. $6® 7;
Volunteer, $5 6O®8; Stock. *5@7 per ton.
STRAW— 30@477%o per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dealers continue to quote a dull and feature
less market for Beans. There are continued
large receipts. of Flaxseed from the north.
BEANS— Bayov $2 30®2 40; Small White,
$2 75@3 15; Large White. $2 80@3; Pea, $3 50
@4; Pink, $180(32 10; Red, $2 50® 3; Black
eye, ,$3 50@o 60; Limas, $4 25@4 50; Red Kid
neys. $3 50@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2'50@2 75; Ca
nary, 344@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from
Utah, 8%c: Rape, lM@l%c; Hemp, 8%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 90®2; Green, *1 75
©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There Is nothing new in, Potatoes and Onions.
Receipts of the former continue liberal, but the
market is well held at steady .prices. Onions
are rather weak than otherwise.
The Weatier Bureau reports general de
struction of Vegetables down around Los An
geles, as the thermometer ranged as low as 22
degrees in some places, and - was very low
everywhere. Temperatures of 25 and 26 de
grees were common over a large area.
POTATOES— S0c@$l 05 for Burbanks from
th<« river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l CO: Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 15@1 U0; River Rods, $1 60®
1 60; Sweets, 35@40c for Rivers and U0c@$l for
Merced.
ONIONS— $1 65@2 per ctl; Oregons, $1 65@2.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas from Los An
geleg, 5@7c; String Beans from Los Angeles,
Cig'Uc: Limas. 2ig3c; Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl;
Tomatoes, 20@U0c; Los Angeles Tomatoes, ;
Dried Peppers, 10® 15c per lb; Dried Okra, 12%
©20c per lb; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Cucum
bers, 35@50c; Pickles, 2%@3e per lb for small
and J@l%c for large; Garlic, 1%@2%c; Green
Peppers, 3f>@ti0c per box for Chili and 35&t;0c
for Bell; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, StflOe
per lb; Summer Squash from Los Angeles, $1 25
«il 50; Marrowfat Squash, $8@10 per ton; Hub
bard Squaah, $8@10; Mushrooms, 5@12Vic per
pound.
Poultry and Game.
A car of Eastern Poultry, mostly Turkeys,
came in, and will be put on to-morrow. Two
more cars of Eastern will probably go on in
addition.
Receipts of dressed Turkeys were light, but
the retailers were well stocked and the mar
ket was weak.
Arrivals of Game were too heavy, being 220
sacks, and the market was dull and weaker in
consequence.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 12'>®15c: Live
Turkeys. 12%@13%c for Gobblers and 134t>14c
for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings,
$1 75@2; Ducks, $3 60@4 for old and $4 30O
6 CO for young; Hens, $3 50® i 50; young
Roosters, $4@5; old Roosters, $3 5034 50;
Fryers, $4@4 50jr Broilers, $4@4 50 for large
and $3@4 for small; Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen
for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves,' per dozen, $1; Hare." $1 50;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush:
Mallard, $2 00@3; Canvasback, $2@3; SprU, S2
@2 50; Teal, $1@1 25: Widgeon, $1 25@1 50:
Small Ducks, ?1 25; Black Jack, $1 25; Eng
lish Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese,
$3 50; White Geese, $1 25; Brant, $1 50@2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
Quotations for iverything remained about the
same. Both Butter and Eggs ruled firm, ex
cept . the lower grades of Butter, which were
weak and slow. Stocks of fine Butter were re
ported more or less reduced, while supplies
of Eggs, though moderate, seemed sufficient
for the demand, which was not sharp. The
Cold weather is helping both Butter and Eggs.
There is nothing new in Cheese.
Receipts were 29,400 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 400 cases of Eggs,
- — cases of Eastern Eggs. 6100 pound? of
California Cheese and 30,060 pounds ot-Eastern
Cheese. rr
BUTTER— Creamery, 2:'»@25c per lb for fancy
and 20@22c for seconds; dairy, 17H@21c; store
Uutter, 14@17c per lh; Creamery Tub. l'0c;
Pickled Roll. 18@lS*c; Keg. lti@18c per lb.
CHEESE— New. 12c: old. 10%®Uiic; Young
Americ.i. lac per lb: Eastern. 13©15c.
EGGS— R»jich. 32%@33c for selected large.
lor eood to choice and 27V.@29c for
fair; store, 24@27%c per dozen; cold storey.
20<925c; LMstern, 20@26c
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
According to the Weather Bureau there
n»^st have been serious damage to Oranges
'i«d Lemons In the southern part' of the State
during the past two or three days, as the
thermometer fell to 22@28 degrees throughout
the Orange belt, and. Oranges as a rule freeze
at 26. The temperature at Riverside fell to
23, and at Los Angeles to 22. Future reports
from that region will be awaited with interest.
Seven cars of Oranges are announced for the
first auction of the season to-morrow. The
market continues well stocked with these
goods. The Honolulu and Portland steamers
took out small shipments. The local demand
Is fair. Small and medium sizes are cleaning
up rapidly, but .there are too many large sizes
on the market.
Two cars of New Orleans Bananas came in.
Receipts of Berries were 14 chests. i-\;rimn
mons are weaker with accumulating stocks.
Pomegranates are out for the season. There
Is no chr.nge in Apples or Pears. Some fancy
Apples are expected from the North to-morrow.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 50@2 per box for extra, 75c@
$1 25 for good to choice and 25@»X)e for ordi
nary; Lady Apples, $1 50@2.
PEARS — Winter kinds. &Oc@$2 50 per box
QUINCES— 40@50c per box
PKKSIMMONS— 25<&»5»>c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $11 per chest for
Longwor ths and ?1@2- for large berries
BLACKBERRIES- $8 per chest.
RASPBERRIES — $4@7 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Eastern. ?10@H per bar
rel; Coos Bay, $2 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 75c@$l
for standards, $1@1 25 for choice and $1 . r »oyu
for lancy; Seedlings, 75c@$l 25; Tangerines.
75c@$l 25; Japanese Mandarins, 75c@$l 25;
Lemons, 50c@?l fcr common and $1 500" ior
good to choice, and $2 6o@3 lor fancy; Grape
Fruit $1@2 50; Mexican Limes, $3 50@4; Ban
anas, $1 75@2 75 per bunch for New Orleans
and 75c@$l 75 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, ?C&4
per dozen. ■
Dried Fruits, Nuts and RaUins.
Raisins are In gocd demand at the new
prices, with much lighter stocks than at this
time last year. Prunes are also active and
firm and are rapidly moving out of the State.
The present stock is estimated at not over aoo
cars, which is a comparatively small quantity.
The otner trults ars quoted firm and •».'.;l!ing
very well. Figs are closely cleaned up. Evap
orated Apples continue very firm. Peachts
aro also ciosely held by dealers, and si.ji.ito
throughout the State are small. Apricot.** are
;eportsd in somewhat better demand, both
here and in the Kast.
FRUITS — Apricots. 7@8>Ac for Royals and S
@13c for standard to fancy Moorpark^; Kvap
oraled Apples, i i©sy&c: Min-dried. .iVjipi^;
Peaches, 5@7Vic; Pears, 4<£Sc; Plums, pitted.
4 1 ,5@6c; unpittcd. 14j>2c; Nectarine*. S&ju&c for
red and bVt&dUjc tor white; Figs, asjio ior
black and 3@3V ; jC for white.
PRUNES — New; crop arc quoted as follows:
SO-KTs. 5H@5*ic; 40-50-8, 4%&5V4c; 50-60's.
4VJ@4%c; t!0-70s. 39i@4\4c; 70-sO's. 3Vi63-)i;
oO-itO-a, 2%@3#c; 90-URfs, 2V£@2?ic per lb.
RAISINS — (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters
Imperial. $3; Dehesa, %•£ 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers — Three-crown
$1 36; two-crown, $1 25. Price per 1b; Stand
ard loose Muscatels— Four-crown. 5Vic; three
crown. 51ic; two-crown.' 4%c; Seedless Mtista
tels, Oc; Seedless Sultanas, S&c; Thompson
beeuless. <i'.4c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, sV-e;
choice, 7%c; standard. 6«4c; prime. 6V>c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice. 9c; stand
ard, 7'/3c: prime, 6^c. Fancy Seeded. 7c;
choice seeded. 6%c; do in bulk, fancy, 6*ic;
choice, 6V4c per lb.
NUTS — Chestnuts. 10@12^c; Walnuts, No 1
softshell, 9%c: No. 2, 7'^c; No. 1 hardshell, 0c;
No. 2. 7c; Almonds, ll«j)12c for papsrshell 9
@10c for softshell and t!@7c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 6@"c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12#c;
Filberts, 12@12%e; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5. -*■
HONEY— Comb, 12@12>^c for bright and 103
lHic for light amb*r; water white extracted
6@dc; light amber extracted, 4®>5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 25®28o per lb.
Provisions.
All descriptions remain as before quoted.
The feeling Is firm enough, in sympathy with
the East, but the demand is nothing extra,
except Bacon, which has been selling better
of. late.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%o for light medium. 13%o for light,
HVic for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; California
Hams, 12%c; hletm Beef, $10010 50 per barrel;
extra Mess, $11011 50; Family, $12@12 50;
prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear. $22 50023;
Mess. $18 50@10; Smoked Beef, 13^@14c per
P °LARD— -Tierces,' quoted at 8%c per Jb for
compound and ll^c for pure; half barrels,,
pure, ll%c; 10-lb tins. 12»ic; 5-lb tins, 1294c;
3-lb tins. 12^>c. ■ ■
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. 10%c: three
half -barrels. 10c: one tierce. 9%c; two tiercel,.
V>%c flva -tierces. 9?4c per. lb. '
Hides, Tallow, .Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about 1%O under quotations. - Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. 9^c; Cow
Hides. ?8%c for heavy and 9@9V6c for light;
Stags Icy Salted Kip. 0%c;, Salted Veal. 9%c;
Balte<i Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16%c; Culls, 14c;
Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf, 18c; Cults and Brands,
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15®3Oc each: short
Wool, 40@60c each: medium, 60®85c; - long
Wool, 80c@$l 10: each; Horse Hides, salt,
$2 50(32 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium,
$1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry.' $1 75 for large $1 25©1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
nkins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 2uc,
GMtiUai — Prime Angoras. 75c; larg* and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 60 per lb; No. 2,
*% ©5c; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 to 1901— Southern, de
fective, 7 months, 7®Sc; Oregon Valley, fine.
13® 15c; do, medium and coarse, 11 @13c; .Ore
gon. Eastern, choice, 11013c; do, fair to good.
9@>llc; Nevada, io@l2c.
Fall— San Joaquin, 6%®S^c; San Joaqntn
Lambs', 7%09c; Middle County, 8010c; North
ern Mountain, free. 0@10c; do, defective, b-SOo
per lb.
HOPS — 0@10c for. fair and 11® 12c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Another advance In Hogs is reported. The
packers are bidding 5%c for the coming week.
Stocks are much lighter. Beef and Mutton
are quoted firm at the recent advance.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 6®6%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@8%c; small. 8@8c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%©8c; Ewes, 7c per lb.
I.AMB— 8(gOc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs. 5%0
5$Jc; under 150 lbs, 5%@5%c; sows, 20 per
cent off; boars, 30 per cent off and stags 40
per cent off from the above quotations;
dressed Hogs, 7@8%c ;
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c: lo
cal make. %c less than Calcattas; Wool Bags.
32@3.'ic; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c.
COAL— Wellington, 59 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $8 50; Co-operative Walls
end. $8 50; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15;
Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$S 45 per 2O..0 lbs and $3 50 per ton. according
to brand.
OILS — California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
»i5c; raw. 63c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 56c for
boiled and 54c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, S5c; cases, 90c;
China Nut. 55@72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot.
in barrels. 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c:
Whale Oil. natural white, 40®45c per gallon:
Fish Oil. barrels. 37V.C; cases, 42%c; Cocoa
nut Oil, barrels. 63%c for Ceylon and 58%c
for Australian.
COAL OIL — WatPr White Coal Oil. in bulk.
l.".%c; P«>arl Oil. In rases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 25c: Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c: In
cases. 21%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c: in cases.
20%c; 8fi-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in
cases. 2CV'C
TURPENTINE — 5S%e per gallon In. cases
and 52c in drums and iron barrels,
local use and $42^45 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.30c:
Powdered. K.15c: Candy Granulated. 5.15c;
l>ry Granulated. 5.05c; Confectioners' A. 5.08c;
Fruit Granulated. 5.05c; Beet Granulated. (100
lb bass only). 4.95c: Magnolia A. 4.65c: Extra
C. 4.55c; Golden C. 4.45c: D, 4.35c: barrels. 10<:
more; halt- barrels, 25c more: boxes. 60c more:
flO-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, 5.55c: boxes. 5.80c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14.
Flour, qr sks... 12,639 Powder, car.... 1
Wheat, ctls 14i,620 Shorts, sks 521
Barley, ctls 11.120 Hay. tons 554
Oats, ctls 1,160 Onions, sks 637
Corn, ctls 500 Pelts, bdls 145
Sugar, ptls 3,404 Hides, No 375
Tallow, ctls 314 Wine, gals 65,400
Raisins, bxs.... • 1,665 Leather, rolls... 133
Hops, bales 35 Q"cksilver, flsks 30
Beans, sks 14 Lime, bbls 91
Potatoes, sks... 6,675 Chicory, bbls... 15
Bran, sks 1,240 Flax, sks 315
WASHINGTON. .
Flaxseed, sks... 4,937 i Flour, qr sks... 9,224
STOCK MARKET.
Business in local stocks and bonds was very
dull, even for Saturday, ana beyond a decline
in California Wine to $87 50 there were no
fluctuations worthy of comment. The oil
stocks were dull.
Oil assessments are announced as follows:
Kern Kins, 5c, delinquent January 23; Silver
Star, lc. delinquent January 7; McKlttrick, lc,
delinquent January 9.
. A local trade Journal says of Monte Cristo
Oil: "The explanation of the recent rally
In the price of this stock on the Oil Exchange
seems to be that the company has a con
tract with th» Standard Oil Company for a
million dollars' worth of oil to be delivered
in live years' time or at the rate of $200,000
per annum. The amount received from this
sale alone, which does not exhaust the pro
duction of the Monte Cristo, would warrant a
dividend of 40c per share per annum. The
company is still developing, however, having
ten new wells under way, and will not . for
some time, perhaps, distribute any money in
the shape of dividends."
An lnterem dividend of 3 per cent is novt
payable by the London, and San Francisco
Bank, Limited.
Sal?s en the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were 52,500 shares, valued at $19.78U,
the leading sales being as follows: Bear Flag,
1200 shares: Four, 2050; Giant. 1000; Home,
1500; Independence, 5500; Junction, 1800;
Monte Cristo, 1300; Petroleum Center, 2800;
Reed. 1000; Superior. 4000; Oil City, KJOO; Lion,
10.900: Monarch, 9050.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Dec. 14—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
i Bld.A&k.. Bid. Ask.
4s quar cp. .112%113}i 4s qr c <new)13i)%140
4s quar reg.111%112^8 3s quar coup.lOSVii —
miscellaneous bonds.
Bay CPC Cs. 108 m00 la Oceanic 5s.. — 104
Cal-st 5s....llSVi — Ombud C 6s. 130 —
C C Wat 5s. Ill — Pac G Im 4s. — 90
Ed L & P tis. — — Pk&C ±1 «s. — 113
Ker&C II Cs.120 — Pk&O R Bs.121 —
Geary-st 5s.. — 100 Powl-st R 6s.ll8%120 :
H C&S 5V>s. — — Sac EGR 5s. 05^ — i
Do 5s — 101 SF & SJVSs. — 124 !
L Ang R 5S.USVU2G Sierra Cal fs — — I
L A Lght Cs.lOlii — S V of Ar 6s :
Do gtd (is. 100 — U909) 1137i — j
Do gtd 5s. — lOi (1U10) — — ;
L A & P 5s. 99 — S P of Cal 6s ,
Do lcm 5s. 101 103 (1905)Sr A. — ICO
Mkt-st C U«.127%128% (l»05)Sr B.1CSVJ —
Do lcm 5s. — 123 (1906) llO^llOTi
N R Cal Us. — 110 (1912) 120 —
.Do 5s 121% 122ii S P Cal 1st
N Pac C 5s.lO7%H>8 c gntd 5s.. 100 —
N Cal R 5s. — 115 S P BrCalb's.lSG —
Oak Gas &s.H2Kt — S V Wat Us. — ll.i
Oak Tran 6s.124Vj12« Do 4s 102% UC
Do 1st c5s.llO»ii — Do -ta 3d m — 101 Vi
Oak W g 5s. 104 103 Stkn Gas Cs.lC2 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 7494 TSVilPort Costa.. 03^ 66
Marin Co.... 58 — 1 Spring Vally. o7 87!-i
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% 2% Pac Light... 42VS 4R i
Eqt G L Co. r.% 4 Sacramento . — 40 '.
Mutual — 5% S F G & E.. 43% 44Vi j
O GL&H 5s. 5t — San Fran... 5^i B?i
Pac Gas Imp 30 41 Stktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. — SI L P & A.... 160 —
California ..41.» 1 ,i420 Mer Ex (lk|>. 18& —
Cal Safe Dp. 110 — IS F Nationl.135 —
First Natnl..o3U 350 |
SAVINGS BANKS.
■ Gfrman ;..1O25 2000 Sav & Loan. — 9O
1 Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.S15 —
Mutual Saw. 66 — Union Trst.1800 —
S F Sav U..525 — :
STREET RAILROADS. * v
California ..140 — Market 87U —
Oeary — 50>£ Presidio 32Vj —
• ' POWDER.
Giant .84 S« (Vtgorit 4% 4 7^
SUGAR.
liana ...'.... 8% 5 •" Kilauca 9Vi It
! Hawaiian ... 34 40 Makawell ... 24 25.
Honnkaa ... 1OVi~lO'-£ Onomea. — !i —
Hutchlnsori . 14 H — Paauhau ... 10 10!i
' MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.l63^t6(5 Oceanic S C. 45 ! 5i 49
Cfcl Fruit As. — 100 Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Wine As. 87 88 Pac C Borax. 1115 166»£
Mer Exchge.110 — Far Paint 15 —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 California Wine Assn 87 5»
15 Cal Wine Assn 87 00
5 Contra, Ccoia. . AVater. 73 6O
10 Contra Costa "Water 75 OO
30 Honokaa S Co 10 25
20 Hutchlnson S P Co.. 14 12^
10 Market Street Railway 87 75
5 Spring Valley Water, a 3 87 25
$5000 Oakland Transit Co 5 per cent.. Ill 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
_; ■ ■' !■■ ' ,
Morning Session.
Board — ,.■*;, J . % ' '.:■,■„,
C30 Four ■ ' SO
100 Home .:., 3 S3
■ . SOO Junction ' 1'5
5C0 Monarch of Arizona J5 •
500 Reed Crude 34
60 Sterling 1 15
MINING STOCKS.
- Thf* folio-wine were the sales In the Pan
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:'
Morning Session.
400 Gould '& Cur. nil OCO Sliver Hill. ..'-23
500 Sierra Nev... 14'
.The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday.
Morning S4sion.
700 Best & Bel.. 11 1000 Overman 02
800 C C & Va..l 62% - 500 Sierra Nev... ~14
BOO Justice .....-■ 01 300 Silver Hill... 28
200 Ophir 64
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Dec. 14— tZ m.
Bid Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 02 Justice 01 03
Alta 05 06 Kentuck .... — Oi
Andes 01 02 Lady Wuh. .. >U —
Belcher 12 13 Mexican 122 23
Best & Bel... 11 13 Occidental .. OS . (H
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 'M 65
Caledonia ... 15 17 Overman .... '32 03
Challenge .... — 10 Potosi 03 04
Chollar 03 04 Savage 03 04
Confidence . . 50 52 Scorpion — ©4
C C & Va 1 60 1 65 Ses Belcher.. — 01
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sierra Nov... 13 14
Con NY..... 01 — Silver Hill... :» 2!>
Crown Point. 01 02 St Louis.....' — 04
Eureka Con.. 14 — Standard 3 50 3 75
Exchequer .. — 02 Syndicate ... D5 0T
Gould A Cur. 04 05 XTnlon Con... M> 10
Hale & Nor. . 13 14 Utah C* 0T
Julia — 01 Tel Jacket... 05 08
PLOW OP BIVERS.
Following Is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rlvera in cuimo feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's Inches, or about
4O Colorado miner's Inches. The figures ar»
from J. B. Llpplncott. hydrosrapher of the.
United States Geological Survey :
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRAy'DE.
Second Feet.
MONTH.
1900. 1901.
December 1..." 1600 11S0
December 2 1C00 1060
December. S 1600 1060
December 4 1600 678O
December 6 1600 4320
December 6 1450 3830
December 7 1600 5183
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELL.YS FERRY.
Second Feet.
MONTH. |
1300. 1901.
December 1 8350 14,000
December 2 7800 :t8,56O •
December 3 7S0O :21.S3O
December 4 7265 i$l,80O
December 5 7000 2S.80O
December 6 6750 :»,230
December 7 6750 13.560
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
I Second !?eet.
MONTH.
1900. 1901.
December 1...'. 972 972
December 2 '. 072 728
December 3 849 728
December 4 849 72S
December 5 849 1170
December « 849 1170
December 7 | 008 1170
In Hongkong there are only 439 wo
men, and in Hawaii 523 women, to every
1000 men. < .
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' Steamers leave Broadway
{SkkL i 'Wharf. San Francisco:
pwsS*^ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. ffl :»
IffiCggjBEak Dec 2. 7. 12. 17 22. 27, Jaa. 1-
' KSr>SR?^> Change to company" a steam-
i ES*J ! §i!i «kl ers at Seattle.
j M&?fj-Siv! For Victoria. Vancoaver (Tt.
■ O. Port Townsend. Seattle. .
i^^^HeiiSM Tacoma. Everett atd >••*
(WaslO-11 a. *...
P F^ure J?H C u O ffidt°B C aVW^P. ».. Dec
Steamer State of Cal. Wednesdays. 3 a. «-
and Newport-Steamer Corona. 5attiraays.
*>« Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jo*- M
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata L» Pax. s f"^%^^
lla and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7Ui or eaca
m For h further Information obtain the company's
"^"company reserves the right t, rtang
rteamers salllns days and hours of sallinr
WI tTcKETOFF1CE-4 N.w Mcntgomerr
10 Market rt- San Francisco.
O. I?, <& /¥. CO,
Only S«-,«wi»1Kt-E> XjIm* *°
PORTLAND. Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to «JJ
points Enst. Through Tickets to a't
point*, all rnii or steamship and rail, at
IjOXVEST RATE13.
STEAMER TI0KST3 IJTCLTIDE BEBTHat.4 MEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Dec 14. 24. Jan. 3 13
SS. GEO. W. ELDER • -
; Sails Dec. 19. 23. Jan. S. 11
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montg-y. g.F.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10,. 12 m.
TUCAPEL Dec. 23[LOA
AREQUIPA Jan. tlPERU
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. 31 tf California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
TOYO KISEN KA1SHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHA11F. COR-
Der First and iSrannan streets, a" 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe <HioKo). Naea?aki and Shanghai and
connecting at HonKkone with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailinff.
SS. AMERICA MARL*
Saturday. January 4th. 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January JOth, 1902
SS NIPPON MARU
as. wirru^i Tuesday February j 5t b. 1W2
Rnund-trin tickets at r?c!ucerl nit»a. For
fr?irM and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. TI. AVERT. Ot»n?ral Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
n* TOSTC SCuTSAHPTOS. LOHD^TI. T>*Kl\
Stopping at Chfrboursr. westboand.
•FTom New York V»'«- Inesrtaya at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia . -Dec. 2.' ■»"■=*. Louts Jan. 1*
! st Paul Jan. 1 Philadelphia ...Jan. 23
Ze'eland Jan- S' St. Paul Jan. 29
BED STAR LINE.
W«w York and Antwerp
From New York "Wednesdays at 12 noon.
•VaOeTland Doc 25|FriPsiand — ..Jan. IS
Kaverford fan. 1 South wark Jan. 2?
Zecland Jan. SlVaderland Jan. 2U
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.-
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
\ CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Aijiit Parlllc Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
AAA^nlP if I? Pa HAW *"> 8AU0 *> * ca
VVVWiiUVVtVtVVS DWECfUIETOTAHITU
SS. SONOMA.- for Honolulu. Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney Thursday, Dec. 26. W a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Jan. 1, '02, 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday. Jan. 4, '02. 2 p. m.
J. D. SP3ECXELS & BKOS. CO , ttsnsrsi Agtnts. 3!!7 Kartei SI
Gen'l Passengar Ofsse, 543 Marist St., rte do, 7. Facft: U
C0XPA89IZ 6ENZBAL3 THAN3ATLANTI3C3
U1KECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAJU3. j f .
6«tling every Thursday, Instead oC V»SjvJ5»
fcaturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 43. JSKSa»
North Klver. foot of Morton street.
First class to Havrj. $70 and upwa:-d. SiconJ
class to Havre. S45 and upward. GKNKKAI,
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES »nd CAN-
ADA. K Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. Faclnc Coas:
Atents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco,
' Tlcketa told by all Rallroag Ticket Agent*.
PANAMA R.R,™e
TO NEW YORK VI) PANAMA DISE5F.
Cabin. 1105; Steerage. tiO: Meals Free.
6. S. Leelaaaw tail * A'oRtlny,. Tec. 23
6. S. Arftyil sails. Thursday, Oan.2;t
b. 5. Lee'nnnw *niN Monday Feb. 3
From Ho»ard-«treet wharf at 2 p. ra.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Paciflc Coant Ajtent.
BAY AND EIVEE STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YAR) AND VALLEJ)
Steamsrs GEff. .FRISBIS or MOIITICSLL)
S:45 a. ta., 1:13 a ntl S:3 ° P- R>.. cicep* s?ur.-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. in.. 8:30 p. m. Leaiv*
Vallejo % a. m., 12:30 noon, i p. ia.. «xc*pi
Bunday.' Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. in. F*ra wi
cents. Telephone Main 1SC3. Lamllne an.l
ufflea. pier 2. Mls»lan-«txeet dock. ilATCU
£KO3.
5556
SAJT FRAir CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 c* clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay;. open ur.tll 9:30 p. m. * *'~ t y
too Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. tn.
C39 McAlli£*er street: open nntil 9:30 p. m.
tl6 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission rtreet; open until 10 p. tn.
S2E1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
crtil « p. m.
10(1 JEleven"-h rtmet open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia rtreet - open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.
— Holy communion, 7:30 and 11 a. m.; Sun-
day-echool, 8:30 a. m. ; morning service. 11
o'clock, sermon by rector; afternoon service,
4 o'clock, sermon by assistant; people's one-
hour service, 8-9 ». m. ; music by the full
choir; sermon by rector. Frederick W. Clam-
pett. . ;
UNITARIAN Church OTirst), southwest corner
of Geary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford
Leavitt. minister; Rev. Dr. Stebblns, minis-
ter emeritus; Charles A. Murdock superin-
tendent of Sunday school. The Sunday school
Is at 10 o'clock. The morning 6enice Is at
11 o'clock. Rev. Mr. Leavitt will preach.
Subject, "The Law of Cause and Effect; or,
God as Law vs. God as Magic." Young
People's Society on Thursday at 8 p. m. All
are cordially Invited. There Is no evening
eervlce.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth sts.; Rev. E. F. Dlnsmore.
minister — Sunday-school at 9:*5 o'clock.
This belmc the tenth anniversary of the or-
ganization of the church, the minister will
preach at the morning service on ••Truth"
and at the evening service on "Freedom."
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Octa-
vla and California sts. — Rev. John Hemphlll.
D.D., pastor; Rev. George G. Eldredge. as-
sociate pastor. Dr. Hemphlll will preach at
U a. m. Topic. "Law and Gospel; the Need
of Both," and at 7:30 p. m., at the Second-st.
Mission. Mr. Eldredge will preach at 7:80
p. m. Morning Sabbath school at 8:45; after-
noon Sabbath school, 12:30. Y. P. S. C. E.,
fl:80. All are cordially Invited.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11
a. m., topic, "Forgive Us Our Debts." At
7:30 p. m., topic, "He Eaw and Believed,"
All are cordially Invited. '
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
Seventh ave. and Clement st. — Pastor, Rev.
Philip Coombe; residence, 3415 Jackson St.:
telephone Jackson 1941. 11 a. m. sermon
theme, "How Can God Be Glorified by Any
Church or Anybody?" 7:45 p. m. subject.
"Some of the Evils Connected With Punctu-
ality." Sunday school.' 8:45 a. m. ; C. E. So-
ciety, (J-.45 p. m. Seats free. A cordial wel-
corae for every one,
CENTRAL Church, Mission St.. between Sixth
and Seventh. — Pastors, Arthur H. Brlggs and
Herbert F. Briggs. 11 a. m., sermon; topic.
"The Law — How We Keep or Break It";
12:45 p. ra., Sunday-school. Rolla V. Watt
euperlntendent; «$:15 p. m.. Societies of
Christian Endeavor; 7:30 p. m., concert. The
choir will be assisted by Mr. Chae. E. Rob-
Bon. violinist, and Mr. M. C. Wallach. violon-
cellist. The programme: Organ voluntary,
"Elegle" (Sheppard-Earnst); chorus, an-
them, "Thus Speaketh the Lord of Hosts"
(Stalner); trio. "Angels' Serenade" (Braga).
violin, violoncello and organ; quartet,
"Blessed Are They That Dwell in Thy
House" (Tours); violoncello solo (Berceuse-
Godard); chorus anthem, "Praise Ye the
Lord" (Norrls). 8 p. m., sermon; topic, "Al-
tar Building." Roscoe Warren Lucy, organ-
ist and choirmaster. The seats are free and
the people are welcome.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan Ets.
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
at 11 a. m. on "With All Your Strength,"
and at 7:30 p. m. on "The Wings of a Dovo
and the Rest of the Soul." Excellent music
by large choir. I. E. Blake, director. Male
yuartet, etc. Sunday school at 12:45 p. m.
Ep worth League at 6:30 p. ra. Seats free.
All Invited.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
block. 223 Sutter St.. between Kearny st. and
Grant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
a. m.; subject of lesson-sermon, "God the
Preserver of Man." Sunday school 'or chil-
dren at the same hour. Wednesday evening i
meeting at 8 o'clock. Free reading-rooms, 206
Kearny st.. rooms 509-510. All are welcome.
FREE religious services conducted by Rev.
Benjamin Fay Mills at Golden Gate Hall, 623
Sutter Et., above Mason, at 8 o'clock Sunday
evening. Mr. Mills will deliver his third ad-
dress on "The Riddle of the Universe"; sub-
ject. "How I Read the Riddle." Mine. Car-
rington. lat« of London, will sing. Doors
open at 7:15 o'clock. All seats free.
THE First Mental Science Temple meets every
Sunday Moraine In Golden Gate Hall. 625
Sutter st.. at 11 o'clock sharp; this morn-
ing Prof. W. A. C. Smith will lecture on
"The Thirtieth Century." The public cor-
dially Invited to attend. Seats free. Col-
lection will be taken.
l^OWER Scottish Hall. 117 Larkln St.— Special
address Sunday afternoon, Dec. 15, at 8
o'clock, by Mr. Alfred Mace, "The Judg-
ment: 'Will Believer* Be Judged?" Gospel
addresses Sunday, Tuesday, Wednesday and
Thursday evenings, 7:45 o'clock; free to all.
THE Theosophlcal Society — Public lecture to-
night at 8 o'clock in Odd Fellows' building
t>y Mr. W. J. Walters: subject, "Ancient
Races and Lost Continents." Illustrated by
Btereoptlcon views. Children's class, the
"Golden Chain." meets Sunday morning at
11. Public meetings on Thursday afternoon
at 2:30 and on Tuesday evening at 8. Lend-
ing library open dally from 1 to 4 p. m. ; also
on Tuesday evenings.
THEOSOPHicAL — Free public lectures every
Sunday at 8 p. m.. Flood building. 809 Mar-
ket st. Subject to-night. "Old Science and
New Thought," by Dr. Will C. Bailey. Bible
class, Sundays, 11 a. m. Inquirers' class
and lecture on "Thought Culture" by Miss
"Walea Thursday 2:30 p. m. Free lending II-
bray open Monday, Thursday and Saturday,
1 to 4 p. tn.. and Saturday evenings.
AN Association of Youn* Men — To-day at 8
o'clock, at the bulldlmc, corner Mason and
Ellis ets., address by Rev.. Ernest E. Baker,
"D.P.. of Oakland; subject. "Men of Hearts;
a Study of Love." Miss Scheftel of Louls-
vlHe, Ky.. will elng. All men welcome.
MEETINGS— SUNDAY.
AA — DR. JOHN A. KERGAK will lecture this
evening- at Crystal Kail. Pythian Castle. H03
Market; subject. "The Air"; followed by art
views. Those attending may procure, free
tickets to X-Ray exhibition at the Sani- \
tarlum next Tuesday evening. Seats free; no ;
collection. Remember the Question Box.
A.— TEST meeting. 901 Market, front hall; 11. ;
free; 2:80, Vlgars, Hodgson, Seeley, "Wilson; :
8. Wilson, Hargrave. 10c; entertnmt Jan. 7.
A — "NOW," lecture, Henry Harrison Brown, '
Odd Fellows' building, 8 p. m. ; seats free;
music
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists, Occidental Hall, ■
305 Lartan, December 15, 7 :30 p. m. Mrs. R. |
8. Llllle, speaker. ' <
A— PROF. GEE. 108 6th— Circle to-night. 10c;
testa & phrenological read'gs; questions ans.
MR. and Mrs Perkins, spiritual test meetings,
5 and 8 p.m.; readings daily. 1073^£ Market.
C. V. MILLER'S etherealizlng, materializing
seance, 8 p. m. 1084 Bush, nr. Leav'wth; 50c..
Spiritual meeting, 909 Mkt, rear hall; 11, free; '
2. 8. 10c; Swan, Maxwell. Wrenn, Howland.
ALHENDOt materializing seance, full light, no
eh&de; 8 p. m.. SOc. 1304 Poet. nr. Franklin.
mmw. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
W. O. KEEGAK holdE spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 Sixth.
KATIE HUESSMAN removed to 1774 15th, nr.
Guerrero; circle to-night 25c; sittings daily.
TTAKT-K — Slate-writing to-night. 328 Ellis.
BROCKWAY"S seance to-night. 25c. 1052 Ellis
et, between Franklin and Gough.
MEETINGS— Universal Brotherhood.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League (non-
politlcal and unsectarian), 310 O'Farrell st. —
Meeting to-night; eubject. "The Wage Quebi
tion"; musical selections; all invited.
" MEETING AOTICES.
CUJTORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and~A~~~ 1 i""~
M. — The officers and members of the _
above-named lodee are hereby notified TC5P
to attend the funeral of our late »V>
brother. SAMUEL MARION FIELDING. In
King Solomon's Hall, Masonic Temple, THIS
DAY (SUNDAY), December 15. 1901. at 1:30
o'clock p. m. Master Masons and friends
of the deceased are invited. By order of the
Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. «~~
121 Eddy et.. will meet on MONDAY, _A_
the 16th, at 10:30 a. m., to attend the >f>?
funeral of our late brother, JACOB /^ri
DEUTSCH. Master Mason are Invited.
GEORGE PENLDJGTON, • Sea.
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No. J **#M«k.
2U7. I. O. O. F.— Officers and
members are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of -"W^
our late brother, P. E. GODEAU. SUNDAY.
December 15, 1901. at 2 p. m.. from Odd Fel-
lows' Hall. By order of
L. CARRAINE, N. O.
A. LEON AURADOU, Sec'y.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. O. < g*mao*
V. — Initiation MONDAY EVEN- %5*2Sx?-
ING. December 1C, 1301. Four -i^SSCS?
candidates. All brothers cordial- --wmw 5 -
ly Invited. C. F. . PHILLIPS/ N. O.
J. J. PHILLIPS. Rec Sec.
ixiTY Lodse No. 131j» L O. -^JUlffife.
O. F.— Initiation TUESDAY
(Dec IT) EVENING. Members ; ~=?S**5==?
and visitors requested to attend.
J. H. HUDSON, N. Q. '
O. H. STEWART. R. S.
MEETING yOT»CES«— Conttowed* -
OFFICERS and .members • of Golden 3K
Gate Lodge No. 3. Knights of Pythias „ l\b
—You are requested to attend the «£»*
funeral of our late brother ADOLPH "f***
OPPENHEIM TO-DAY (Sunday) at 2 o'clock
from Pythian Castle Hall. 909 -Market st
By order of M . A . SAMUELS. C. a
F. A. McCREEPY. K. of R. • and S.
WOODMEN of the rf -. ■ ■ H
World, Golden Gate **7R ...frl
Camp No. 64 — Members t^lz^vJfcJJJjixK
are hereby notified to E5^W»4ia*ra%?l>
i attend the unveiling - «Bgy*B»»™^B^— -
ceremonies and dedica- ... •
tion of monuments erected to the memory
of our late nelribors, JAMES ANDERSON,
HENRY HEINZ and JAMES J.- DALY.
Members will assemble at superintendent's
offlce. Cypress Lawn Cemetery, at 1:30
o'clock p. m.. SUNDAY, December 15. By
order of the camp.
THOS. J. BARRY. Consul Commander.
D. OLIVER JR.. Clerk. -
MISSION Lodge Masonic Hall Association. —
Dividend No. 2 of 40c per share has been de-
clared and is payable on and after Monday,
December 16, 1901, at the office of the asso-
ciation. No. 2668 Mission St., 'Mission Masonic
Temple. San Francisco, Cal. By order of the
Board of Directors..
HARVEY C. SOMERS. President.
HENRY C. BUNKER. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco,
Cal.. will be held at Its banking-house. 301
Montgomery st, San Francisco. .Cal., on
TUESDAY, January 14, 1902, at 8:15 o'clock
p. m., for the election of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
San Francisco, December 13, 1901.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from W. W. Stone Sr., in the Red
Hill gravel mine, near Placerville, El - Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings In a worked-
out pit; from Mrs. Ollvene A. Stone, in the
Gignao gravel mine, near Placerville, El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings in Webber
Creek: and from J. B. Lastiat in the Las-
slat mine, at Poker Flat. Sierra County, to
deposit tailings in a worked-out pit gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
E9. Flood building, San Francisco. Cal.. on
December 23. 1901.. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
RUSH holM^y^book~^alesrsend us your orders
for everything that you want: stock now
ready for shicment; best week of the year
before you: don't fonret Halstead's McKin-
ley. THE J. DEWING CO.. S. F.
GOOD canvassers for the city; something en-
tirely new; big money for live men. Call
9 to 12 a. m., S19 Market St.. room 9. ■
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PEREON. r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ALUMINUM CARD CASES.
ALUMINUM case, name engraved and 100
cards, fine printing. SOc. ODELL, 73 Fourth.
ASPHAIiTPM ROOFING.
CITY ASPHALTUM CO.. 63! Market st— Roofs,
sidewalks, floors; cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty: quick, quiet;
no charge without success: established 16 yrs. |
Open evenings by appointment: phone John 31S1.
G. W. HOWE. S50 .Market st. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy col-
lections; attachments; mortgages: bills of sale:
partnerships: deeds; wills drawn ;fees low; open
eve's. THURSTON. 1008^ Mkt. r. 4. opp. 5th. !
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, S27 Market st, opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
NEW bicycles for children, men and women;
largest assortment on the Pacific Coast,
BAKER & HAMILTON, Pine and Market st».
BOOKS — XEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2958.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 7C4-T06-708 Mission st
BUREAV TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom, S28 Howard.
BUSINESS CHARGES.
A^ilOOoTPARTNER wanted in pork and deli- ;
catessen store close to Market st. ; good husi- .
ness; only honest party need apply. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26 V» Kearny st ,
A — $1000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
St.: rent $25; place establ. many years and
doing a good business; value in sight. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
! a. — $300; CORNER saloon with 3 "rooms; rent
$20; good business and finest locatloin in the
Mission. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny. j
A — $600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant cstab- I
llehed years; first-class paying; located close'
to Chronicle bldg; bargain; call soon. R. G.
WILKE. 28 hi Kearny st
A— $500; RESTAURANT on Ellis st. doing a
rushing and good paying business; rent only
$33; place easily clears $100 per month. R. G.
WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st.
A — $900; SALOON Including S furnished rooms;
a splendid paying business; lease; . location
can't be beat: rare chance for any one. Call
R. G. WILKE, 2»5>i Kearny st.
A— $1600; BAKERY. "including stock; rent $40:
living rooms; best location; no opposition; es-
tablished years; good paying; sickness of
owner only cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
| A — $600; SALOON, Sansome St.; rent $25: very
choicest location and a good paying business.
For particulars. R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A— $1000; CORNER saloon on Sixth st; rent $60
net: good paying business; no better location
on Sixth Et. Call R. G. WILKE, 2C^
Kearny st.
STENBERG CO.. 759 Market st
Phone Black S491.
Buys and eells real estate, furniture, lodging
houses, restaurants, business chances. Phone
calls promptly answered.
CHRISTMAS BARGAINS.
$1100— CONFECTIONERY and candy factory,
clearing $300 monthly; sickness compels sale.
$250 — Cigar store, est. 30 yrs.; living rms.
$300 — Candy store, Ellis st; central location.
STENBERG CO.. 759 Market st.
McBRIDE £: CO.. 705 Market st ~~
If you v.-ant to buy or sell business, call at ,
our office, rm. 2; see our large list of differ-
ent chances; a friendly Inquiry costs nothing.
AT a great sacrifice — $12T> will buy a first-class
restaurant; must be sold at once; party leav-
ing the city. McBRIDE & CO., 7tS5 Market.
RESTAURANT and delicacy; good location;
large family trade; must be sold at sacri-
flce. Inquire McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market.
$2000 — DRUG store; invoice $lS00; doctor will
pay rent; lea.se H4 years: clears $200 per
month; near Market st. ; on a busy street;
fine location. DECKER, 921 Market Et.
CIGAR stand ?75; rent $10; can make a good
living; partner wanted in a good chophouse.
DECKER. 921 Market St.
: $350 — BARBER shop. Sixth et. near Market; 4
chairs; 3 running. DECKER. 921 Market st.
MILES & CO.. 027 Market st, room 208.
$4500 — Hotel in dairy country; always full.
$5000 — Hotel In farming country; close to city.
SGOO — Restaurant, this city: very central.
$2000 — Saloon and building; rent $40.
A full list of all kinds business chances too
long to advertise; see us.
HEAL.Y & HENDERSON, phone James 2771.
e Eddy St.. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels. . restaurants, lodging-bouses, grocery
etores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
I .Money to loan on any of the above.
$550 — RESTAURANT, Market st; it's a little
mint; clears $100 month; big snap; must sell
BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market St.
A — HALF" interest In a. well known health re-
sort for ?1O,OOO; a rare chance to- make many
times the amount invested; bound to in-
crease in value rapidly under stimulus of im-
provements, live management and new R. R.
line: seller agrees to use half the money tin
improvements. Address box 2784. Call offlce.
BEST opportunity ever offered — Requiring from
$100 to $1000 for purchase of profitable busi-
ness located in Pacific Coast States, Philip-
pines, China, Japan, Hawaiian Islands, Alas-
ka: guaranteed expenses to point of location.
Apply 20 OTarrell st, room -, j between 10
a. m. and 5 p. m. '
$3000 WILL buy half Interest In manufactur-
ing business established 10 years and give in-
side position at $150 per month; invoice, all
new, fresh stock, will eell for $12,000. Ad-
dress box 2765. Call offlce.
PARTNER wanted in Car>e Nome lighterage
business; profits $10,000 during 1902 Call on
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market at. .
WANTED— A partner, lady or gent, to take in-
terest in good-paying businees; only $1000 re-
Quired -.thorough investigation solicited- $100
per week profit assured. Box 2109. Call.
WANTED — Partner, preferably young man
$5000 capita!, In business paying 100 per cent
three months; salary $250 per month; handle
his own money. Box 2108, Call officer
$S WON $32 last week — Expert system; safest
and best devised; advisory bulletin issued
daily. Particulars National Turf Agency
105 Ellis st . . - '
FOR sale— A first-claes candy store, good busi-
ness and location, on account of sickness.
Apply 304 O'Farrell. bet Taylor and Mason!
$600— ROADHOUSf: saloon; no opposition; lo-
catlon the finest; owner retiring; long lease:
cheap rent. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine
THE SAN FKANGISOO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMPKB 15; 1901.
WrST?fBSg CHATTCICS— C«Tit<T»Ti»jl._
PARTNER wanted with small capital in sa-
loon; clears $80 to $00 each; low rent and
long lease. Miles & Co., 927 Market, nn. 208.
1350— PARTNER wanted In the manufacturing
business;. clears $100 to $150 _ per month to
each partner. Call 035 Market St., room 14.
ICECREAM parlor and candy store doing a fine
business; must be sold; price $450; call and
Investigate. Room 14, 935 Market st.
ESTABLISHED fruit store,* doing cash busi-
ness; two teams; . selling on account of 111
health. Box 2788, Call office. •
RESTAURANT privilege for sale at. Seventh
and Market sts. ; under Odd Fellows' Hall.
WANTED* — To buy a saloon with living rooms
or a hotel and saloon. Address 6 Taylor pi.
WANTED — A good paying drug store for cash.
Address box 2773, Call offlce. . •'. . i
$300— PARTNER wanted In light . business.
Call room 14. 935 Market st.
A BARGAIN — Cigar stand and laundry offlce;
must sell to-day; dally receipts $7 to $12.
Apply 333 Third st. - -
$76 — A BEAUTIFUL cigar stand and laundry
office; must sell- to-day, account of -sickness.
Apply 245 Third st. .
FOR sale — Custom shoe shop; good chance for
man with a hundred dollars. 874 Twelfth
st.. Oakland. . .
INVESTORS' savings can earn minimum of
12% per annum, . payable quarterly; guaran-
teed from loss; particulars on application.
Add. Investment Dept.. 66 Broadway, N.- Y.
FOR sale — Barber shop; central location; good
business; two chairs: good reasons for sell-
ing. Address box 105, Vallejo, Cal. •
GOOD experienced power sewing machine oper-
ator, or one that has worked in overall fac-
tory. 1139 Missio-i st. -
GOOD chance; old established butcher shop:
cheap. Box 2731, Call offlce. •
FOR sale— A good planing mill in a lumber
yard; located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459. Healdsburg, Cal.
PARTNER wanted; established brokerage bus-
iness; fine opportunity for steady man. Cal.
Business Assn., 865% Market st.
$250 — FOR sale; good will and fixtures of sa-
loon; a bargain. Apply 157 Minna- st. -
BLACKSMITH chop for sale. 205 Eighth st.
Established Mfg. wholesale and retail business;
good location; $1600. Call 247 Fifth st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon with grocery, on account
of death. Inquire at 1637 Folsom st.
ROUTE for sale — A route on this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER. 124 Myrtle St.,
Santa Cruz, Cal. . ■ .
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER." ESTABLISHED IN THIS
CITY IN 187t.
-SEE HIS BARGAINS
S6 rooms; 2 entrances; clears $200. $2200
33 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $200. ........ 2000
10 rooms; downtown; clears $S0...... .. 700
30 rooms; elegant; owner sick 2200
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 2100
44 rooms; fine yard . '3000
20 rooms; on Kearny 1400
18 rooms; rent $50; sickness .....1250
18 rooms; sunny corner. .1000
10 rooms; downtown ."* 700
22 rooms; transient; clears $150 1250
5 rooms and bath (fiat) 400
10 rooms on Taylor 650
26 rooms on Kearny.... 1400
23 rooms; clears $100 .."• 0. r >0
100 rooms; clears $400... 6000
60 rooms; clears $350.. 3C00
54-room corner house, r.... 4000
10 rooms on Eddy st 850
18 rooms on Third st. 050
24 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $200 '. .. 1600
33 rooms; best in the city.. '. . 2000
60 rooms; sure to clear $300. -8600
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE..
CALL IF YOU WISH TO BUY.
..Sell or Exchange Any Kind of Property..
I CAN SUIT YOU...
.....WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER? .
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 706.
A— Near the Call ' Building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3,
MARION GRIFFIN, 7l!t Market St.. rms. 1-2.
Money to- loan on lodglng-
' houses or on real v estate.
9 r.: respectable; installments: central. .; .$250
10 r. ; installments; respectable; house full. 300
28 r.: installments: permanent ■ and tran- •
sient; rent ?G0; clears $i)0 mo.: bargain.. 600
14 r. ;bo£rding-house; income $160 over, rent;
brand ne\^,; part cash, part in payments. 1300
15 r. :one floor;sunny;swell location; strictly
lst-class; eplendid f-urroundines;porcelaln -
baths; marble steps; steady roomers;
clears $3S per mo. ;leaving city ;part cash . 1300
38 r.: a central, fashionable family hotel;
elegant furnishings; full; clears $176..
46 r. ; Sutter st.; fine; clears $217 a month.
20 r. ; installments; clears $90 mo. over rent. 1000
24 r. ; rent $40; installments; clears $63. 900
80 r. ; fine, sunny corner house; bargain.. ..2600
A CHRISTMAS~PRESENT ...A
FOR TOU. FOR YOU.. FOR YOU
60 rooms; central; transient; rent $200. .$4300
00 rooms; .new house; running water
every room; rent $80 1600
15 rooms; bonton; only $300 cash ... »00
20 rooms; rent $40; business street.... S00
14 rooms; a snap; rent $45 000
40 rooms; new house; new fur.; rent $76. i
10 rooms; fine new sunny flat: 1200
25 rooms; sunny corner: rent $90...... 2200
17 rooms; a money-maker: rent $60.... 000
VACANT HOUSES FURNISHED.
We'll loan you all money needed to buy these
or any house in city.
DONALD INVESTMENTvCO..
S50 Market st Telephone Davis 281.
A FEW SAMPLES OK OUR LARGE LIST.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
9 rooms; bargain; $50 cash, bal. paymts $150
22 rooms; income $200; elegant; bargain. 1500
8 rooms; well furnished 400
33 rooms; grand transient location ...... 2200
25 rooms; good location; clears $150.... 1200
16 rooms; corner; part cash 1000
28 rooms; clears $60; payments 400
90 rooms; grand corner: clears $600.... 6500
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
20 rooms; good location; money maker.. 750
MONEY LOANED , PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSIiOFF, 906 Market st. -
DO YOU WANT A LODGING-HOUSE? ..
IF SO
SEE
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 MARKET ST.
(THE RELIABLE AGENTS.) ■
7 r. ; brand new; G. G. ave.: part cash. S550
11 r.; corner; offices: part cash; $10 monthly.
15 r.; corner; near Powell st $900
17 r.; rent $30; reduced to 450
20 r. ; brand new furniture; modern bldg.
20 r. ; must sell; make offer; see this!
2S r. ; apartment house; corner $2. r >00
18 r. : rent only $50: payments 850
65 r.; finest corner In city; we have it.
A. CAMERON & CO.. '
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
C2 r. : low rent: best house in city; never '
changed hands; income ?(KK); investigate.
53 r.; total expenses $175; apartments $.1250
36 r. ; rent $140; first-class room, house.. 3200
33 r.; rent $150; part offices; good house.. 1800
26 r. ; rent $90; clears $100; good fur 1S00
17 r. ; rent $45; cor.; oak fur.; clears $100. 850
11 r. : Jones residence: nice home 650
7 r. ; rent $45; modern flat; reduced 375
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st.. rooms 1 and
2 — Workingmen's houses, 32 rooms $400, 100
rooms $1500, 120 rooms $2000, all full and
money-makers; transient, 23 rooms, all light,
near Market, S1550; must sell, 22 front rooms.
Kearny st., $1800; good houses; 50 more
houses. Call and Investigate and If suited
make an offer.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. '.
Lodging-houses. Lodging-houses.
, '.; CLEAR TITLE.
OI SEE°LIST t 200°H < OUSEs! eSt '
BRANDON BROS., 003 Market, rooms 1-2.
ELEGANT and newly furnished house of 11
large sunny rooms; called East and cannot
attend It; brings $05 over rent: permanent
business family occupies it: full investiga-
tion dnd references given; no agents wanted.
Box 2749, Call.
$2000 — it- ROOM lodging-house; all newly fur-
nished; situated on very busy corner: 10 bay-
windows: reason. ov.-ner Is sick; we have also
50 others: see us before you buy. MILES &
CO., 927 Market st., room 208.
A— NOTICE— We have rbomingr-houses. all sizes
and prices, in all parts oP«the city: get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
$400— LODGING-HOUSE. 16 rooms; all rented;
rent $3S; good location. DECKER, 021 Markt.
FLAT to let; furniture for sale at a great sac^
riflce. McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market, r. 1 & 2.
ROOMING-HOUSE. 17 rooms; rent $30; full of
men; best location: price $400. 28^ Clay st.
6-ROOM flat, nicely furnished with bath;
price $250. 138 Eddy St., San Francisco.
$500— LODGING-HOUSE, 34 rooms, all filled;
rent $20. 543 Howard st. V
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or ' Canada one year ' for $1.
PQFtage psld . ;
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215*6 Oth.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies 25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
MISS LAVON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c, SOc. 168 Tehama St., off 3d.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reader ;.ladi7sT
25c; gents, 60c; no sign. 242 Minna,' upstairs.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; lad. 25c-
gents 50c. 051 Mission, nr. 6th: open Sundays!
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dlum, price $L 510% Leavenworth st; S. F.
CLAIRVOYANTS— Cnnttnnmil.
— . ■
MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
MRS. DR. ' F. CLARK,
MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM,
IS PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT :
1206 MARKET ST., COR. GOLDEN GATE
AVENUE.
THE FUTURE UNVEI LED!
NO MATTER WHAT TROUBLE TOU MAY
have with yourself ou others,
come and she will guide
you. she Advises you
with a -certainty
higher than human
. POWER.
IT'S NOT '• WHAT : SHE HAS DONE FOR
OTHERS, BUT WHAT SHE WILL
DO -FpR YOU. .
She is a living connection between the un-
seen existence and: this world. She can read
the lnn*imn<it thoughts of souls, see the past,
present and future as In a mirror, an.l by
her mysterious j power can tell nuw to avrrt
evil, now to succeed . in business and obtain
good fortune. r She locates mines aivl buried
treasure, minerals. Old estates, lost friends,
etc. - - ■•■ : . ■
CONCERNING BUSINESS AFFAIRS.
She gives dates, facts and figures, reliable
and important advice and information on all
matters uf Interest in business transactions,
lawsuits, contested wills, life insurance, dam-
ago suits, .divorces, deeds, mortgages, claims,
collections, speculations, adventures, gold
mining stock and all financial difficulties.
Truly predicts the success or failure of new
inventions, patents, pending pent-tan claims,
etc.; tells whether you will receive fair deal-
Ings with partners. If you care to know
what business you should follow to be- suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to
avoid; if you intend to make any changes
or to start a business, buy or sell property,
or, in fact, take any important step, don't
fail to consult Dr." Clark. Her advice may be
the means of saving you thoiMri-ls » t Uollars
and it great deal of trouble. '
REMEMBER YOUR PROSPECTS OF TO-
DAY MAYBE YOUR FORTUNE TO-MOR-
ROW IF P.IGHTLY. HANDLED.
LOVE OR - COURTSHIP.
If affairs of .the heart or emotions of love
Interest you. she gives exact and truthful
revelations of all love affairs, settles lovers'
quarrels, enables you ti> win the esteem and
affection of. any one you desire, causes speedy
and happy marriages; tells If the one you
love is '.•ue. also date ot marriage; r«ct(»r?j
lost affojt.on, peace and confid^nc* of lovers
and discordant families; gl?Cb you the full
secret now to control, f^ciiiult and charm*
the one yru- 'ove; also ti«.i£<». you meet, and
how to make a person at a distance think
of you. . . •:
ASSISTANCE FOR TROUBLED OR UN-
FORTUNATE.
If you are in trouble of ony kind, discon-
tented, . unhappy, or not satisfied in life, or
have domestic or love or business troubles,
you will »«• tol-1 bw lo overcome all inv.i-
bles. Yoir wish ano object in life «:.tn i*
obtained. A SECRET you should know the
power to control. -•—-_-
WHAT. IS YOUR VOCATION IN LIFE?
HOW HAVE YOU PROSPERED?
•WHAT ARE YOUR- HOPES FOR THK
FUTURE? . .
Every person is specially adapted to some
particular business, profession or trad^,
which may JU6tly.be termed their true voca-
tion, and yet more than half . of you . are
fighting against an unknown fate for Tame,
fortune and position . which you do not and
cannot obtain until you find your true voca-
tion, v '
If you are contented with your present
work you have found your true vocation "and
success will attend you; but If dissatisfied
and all is going against you, it is an evi-
vocatlon. A visit to Mrs. Clark will soon
settle this all-important question and your
true vocation will be pointed out to you, and
if possesso.J ■ '>t only a moderate degree of
brains and energy success will be sure to at-
tend you. She advises you with a certainty
by a. higher than human power as to the
proper course to pursue In life. -Her descrip-
tions of your friends and enemies are as real
as though they stood ,before you.
CALL AND TEST THE MADAME TO
YOUR HEART'S CONTENT. AND YOU
WILL DEPART THOROUGHLY SATIS-
FIED THAT THERE IS AT LEAST ONE
RELIABLE MEDIUM AND CLAIRVOY-
ANT. NOW IN YOUR MIDST. NOTHINGS
IN LIFE TOO OBSCURE FOR HER TO
REVEAL. ,
BUSINESS SACRHD AND CONFIDEN-
TIAL.
SICKNESS, LOSSES. DEATHS. ' ETC..
WILL BE OMITTED FROM YOUR READ-
ING AT YOUR REQUEST, OTHERWISE
EVERYTHING. GOOD AND BAD, WILL
BE GIVEN.
PERFECT SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
SEND STAMP • FOR CIRCULAR, WITH
SPECIAL TERMS, TO
MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
1206 market st., <. cor golden gate
avenue. ;':',■'"•:'■■ ;.
■ ROOMS 25 AND 2a TAKE ELEVATOR,
Cut this out, as it. appears Sunday only.
CLAIRVOYANTS.— Continued.
j^__j^_j^j_^- ,—— -■ .-•-: ■•-■ - -•
Why pay other mediums, clairvoyants and
palmists $3 and $5 or more when you can re-
ceive better and more reliable information from
the King of Life Readers, • Sir Henry Prlchard,
for the small fee of $1 (one dollar) $L So con-
sult him at once. .
ONE DOLLAR! ONE DOLLAR!
KNOW THY FUTURE
AND PROSPECTS FOR 1902. f
, .'— . — CLAIRVOYANT ,' .
-CLAIRVOYANT ' . i.
- — PALMIST-PSYCHIC
- _ PALMIST-PSYCHIC 1
- -PALMIST-PSYCHIC
' -• ■ ■ FREE TESTS! . FREE TESTS!
To all those who come prepared for a read-
ing. As a test will tell your full name and
mother's 'maiden name.
Have a psychic reading or a palmistry read-
ing and learn what the future has in stor*
for you. ' •■ . • . \
• $1 00. $1 00. ~~$1 00. $1 00.
His regular $5 reading reduced to
ONE DOLLAR. ONE DOLLAR.
ONE DOLLAR. ONE DOLLAR.
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD,
TRANCE-CLAIRVOYANT AND PALMIST,
.- Direct from Hotel Cecil, London,
ADVISER TO HER LATE MAJESTY. THE
QUEEN OF ENGLAND.
Prlchard has also been consulted by the Czar
of Russia, Emperors of Germany, China and
Japan; also by distinguished men and women
in every walk of life. t '.•
FREF.'. FREE! FREE!
IF NOT CORRECT.
So positive am I of my powers to tell th«
Past. Present, Future and exactly what you
want *to know, that I will -make
NO CHARGE! NO CHARGE!
Unless you obtain perfect satisfaction and find
me superior to all other mediums, clairvoyants
and palmists In this city.
THE FUTURE CAN BE TOLD.
SEEK AND YE SHALL FIND SUCCESS,
HARMONY. PEACE. POWER AND
HAPPINESS.
You are experiencing either domestic or bujl-
ncss difficulties. You are worrying about some-
thing. You are In doubt. You suspect that
everything Is not as It should be. You are un-
happy—at times very melancholy. Everything
seems to go wrong with you. Why not seek
the advice .of one who has helped and advised
the greatest men and women of the world?
You may, never have another opportunity to
consult a man of the reputation and standing
of Sir Henry Prichard.
• Make no mistake when you undertake any-
thing of importance — get his advice first. Hun-
dreds, of others have been put on the road to
fortune by him. so why not you?
HE TELLS YOUR FULL NAME. MOTHER'S
MATDEN NAMB. -ETC. HE ALSO GIVES
ADVICE ON BUSINESS. SPECULATION. IN-
VESTMENTS, insurance, cnanges, travpls,
health, sickness, love, divorce, MARRIAGE,
LAWSUITS, separations, WILLS, deeds, mort-
gages, patents, .CLAIMS, collections, etc. He
will tell you what trade, business or profession
you are adapted for.
LOVE, COURTSHIP AND . MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelations on all love affairs,
troubles, marriages and by proper advice re-
stores, lost affection, reunites the separated,
settles lovers' quarrel*, tells you WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY. and how to WIN
the man or woman you love, and how to make
your husband or wife be true to you, and how
to'overpower all your enemies; gives full secret
how to control and charm any one you love
HE NEVER FAILS TO GIVE PERFECT
SATISFACTION.
You are told how to avoid Aveakness, warned
against all treacherous friends. Locates burled
treasures, mines, old estates, lost friends, etc.
COMMENT OF EUROPEAN PRESS AND
BOME DISTINGUISHED PERSONS.
As a palmist and psychic Sir Henry Prichard
is without an equal; all should see him. — Dally
Graphic.
Sir Henry Prlchard. the palmist. Is the man
of the hour — his name is a. byword in every
household. The common query is: Have you
been to Sir Henry, the palmist? He is so won-
derful, .etc.— Standard.
Sir Henry Prlchard, the leader of his pro-
fession. Is a marvel. He tells the innermost
secrets of one's very soul; he is always busy. —
Morning 1 Post.- •
Sir Colin Scott-Moncrieff Fays: That fellow
Prichard beats my time. He told me every-
thing I wanted to' know and' more, too. I have
profited greatly financially • by following his
advice. ,
.Prince Adalbert of Prussia says: Sir Henry
Is the mr>6t wonderful clairvoyant I ever con-
sulted. He is well read and the master of. his
professioa.
•- Princess '•Christian Bays: Prichard is the
most- acL-urate palmist I ever consulted. He
tells the. truth.
'Sir Henry Prlchard Intends to make this city
his permanent home, and this reduced fee Is to
Introduce .himself properly to. the people, and
will last for seven days only.
TO - OUT-OF-TOWN PARTIES :
If ycu cannot call, . write and send $1, 2c
stamp, date of birth and •" questions and re-
ceive correct answers by return mail. All mail
matter and P. O. money orders should be ad-
dressed to Sir Henry'b private secretary, Mr.
C F. Walsh (this ad«lress).;
Hours — Dally, 10 a. m. to 7 p. m. Sunday,
10 to 5.
Suites 11, 12, 13, 14. 15. 15t$ (The Vendome),
1104 MARKET STREET— 1104.
\ • N'par corner of Turk. ■
' Nearly opposite Zinkand's. Upstairs. First
Floor. Maid in Attendance.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED
IN HIS OWN HOME,
417 ELLIS STREET.
- WESLEY ORMAN,
We— SPECIAL READING— 50c. ♦
ORMAN.
THE FIRST REGISTERED AS WELL AS THE
FIRST GRAUDATE PALMIST AND CLAIR-
VOYANT EVER IN SAN FRANCISCO. WILL
FOlt A SHORT TIME GIVE 50c FULL READ-
INGS. 50c. IN CLAIRVOYANT READINGS
HK TELLS NAME, OCCUPATION. DATE OF
BIRTH.* NAME AND DATE OF MARRIAGE
TO FUTURE HUSBAND OR WIFE, SHOW-
ING THAT YOUR LIFE TO HIM IS AN OPEN
BOOK. WHILE IN PALMISTRY HE TELLS
THE COMPLETE STORY OF YOUR LIFE AS
TOLD BY'THB LANGUAGE OF THE HAND.
.HE TELLS YOU HOW TO BE PROSPEROUS
AND GAIN HEALTH. WEALTH AND HAP-
PINESS. HE ENABLES YOU TO LOCATE
MINERAL OR HIDDEN TREASURE AND TO
HAVE THE AFFECTION OF THK ONE OF
YOUR CHOICE. NO MATTER WHAT YOUR
TROUBLES. HE WILL HELP YOU OR
CHARGE NOTHING FOR HIS SERVICES.
N. B.— PALMISTRY TAUGHT; MEDIUMISTIC
PERSONS DEVELOPED. IF I FAIL TO DE-
VELOP YOU If COST YOU NOTHING
GENERAL READING $1. 10 A. M TO 7:30
V. M. CLOSED SUNDAYS. 417 ELLIS ST.
MME. M. BERNARD ' :
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are « in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great*
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life:
23c up; satisfaction. guaranteed. Tel. Black -1569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terras. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
I HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk St.: Readings by mall.
MISS M. WILLE. 326 Ellis St.— Only crystal
seer clairvoyant; reads your life correctly;
tells past, present and gives correct forecast
of your future; names given; readings, 50c
and $1; hours 10 to 8 p. m.
THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTS.
Juyt what you want to know; choice of three
expert palmists and clairvoyants; no matter
who you have been to, we convince all. 607
Kearny St., parlors 1, 2, 3.
BE sure and read of ISMAR. the world's fore-
most palmist, on page 35 to-day.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladles 30?,
gent? $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 5a 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings daily, 10 a. m.
' to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis: clairvoyant,
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names, EOc-$l ; 10 a. m. to S p. m.
BROOKS. 1206 Market-Suite 34 and 33; won-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium; read-
ings, $1 & $2; readings by mail; satlsfac. guar.
YOUR fortune told and everything revealed:
send dime and birthday. -J. MYERS. 105
Lincoln Park Station, Chicago.
MRS.' B. - Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader . from Louisiana!
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st.. near 4th.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard,' clairvoyant and
aslrlt card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
- CLAIRVOYANTS— Contlnned.
ARRIVED '. Arrived
ZAN ZAN.
Direct from Chicago and Denver.
Never Changes His Name.
Only one in the world advertising to tell
exact thought or question In your mind; pos-
itively asking no questions, or make no
charge for reading.
Not a palmist, but a clairvoyant.
SOc, 60c— Special Reading — 50c, 50c.
$1.' 11— General Reading— $1. $1.
To prove his power Zan makes these re-
duced prices for December only. Your read-
Ing means your friends doing the same.
Don't class Zan's Special and General read-
i ings with same as advertised by others.
Strictly Straight Readings.
Zan not only rives you facts, figures, dates,
but actually tells names, times, points, places
and the circumstances connecting them.
Remember, you don't ask nor tell him
your questions: nor need you speak during
the reading. "Write any questions at your
own home on any kind, color or size of
paper you choose. Zan can give Instant"
answers to your questions positively without |
seeing your writing.
Besides answering your exact questions
Zan commences your reading at childhood,
going year by year through the various ex-
periences of your life In so plain a way that
you will be astonished at the knowledge pos-
sessed by Zan . regarding your most secret
personal affairs. - .
The more experience you have had with
others the more you win appreciate his read-
ing.
One Visit Will Make You His Friend.
The most refined and timid need not hesi-
tate to call, a Lady attendant. No mall work.
Hours 10 to 8. Sunday, 2 to 6.
226 Taylor st, bet. Eddy and Ellis.
Bring Call ad. with you.
CONSULT the giftcl clairvoyant: fee 25c and
SOc. 340^ Minna St.. near Fifth.
BROCK WAY'S seance to-night. 25c. 1052 Ellis
st., between Franklin and Gough.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^cTv. MILLEJcTworld's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue., Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m.. 50c. 1084 Buah st.
BROCK WAY. 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gough; phone Larkln 1086— Seances Sun.,
Tues., Thurs.. 8:15 p.m.: 23c; readings, 10 to 5.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. »3. 1184 O'Farrell st: Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth St.: satisfactory
readings. ■ 60c, $1: circle every night. 10c
MME. THYES. removed 933 Market; all receive
tests Sun., Tues., Thurs., 8 p. ra. : prlv. read.
Mrs. Valeen. automatic writing: palmist, clalr.;
succeeds when others fall. 1583 Mrkt. nr. 12th.
KATIE HEUSSMAN removed to 1774 15th. nr.
Guerrero; circles Sunday eve., 25c; sit. dally.
ETHEL CRINDLE, materializing. Sunday eve.,
SOc; spirit photographs dally. 325 Ellis st.
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis, phone Polk 1S01;
sittings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night 10c.
CARPET BEAT1SG AXD^JJ^EAJTiyG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; teL South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c: laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning!
3c; renovated, relald. 104 14th st ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet- beating works ; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleanlngr Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carp-t-beating Works. G. H-,
STEVENS Mgr.. 38-40 8th st.: tel. South 280.
J. . E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
Ingrowing toenails, bunions and (corns cured
painless) no knife. Dr. Brown, graduate chi-
ropodlstlndorsed by med.prof'n. 304 Stockton.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency: 6th
floor; 918 Market et.; advica tree. Tel. Bush
134: able body of attorneys.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$6; COTTAGE. 4 rooms; worth $12 In city;
nr. Crescent ave. Apply 64 Silver st. off Sd.
W. DENTISTS. _^
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 Market st. Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 60: other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns. (5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, 15 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years"
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. ZO O'Farrell st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
. lessly: teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. S3 60 up; plates, extractions free. 54 60
- up; offlce hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to g. J. W. THATCHER, P.P.. S., Manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns S3 50: fillings 50c:
plates $3. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
FIRST-CEASS dentistry; lst-class prices; lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING, M.D., den-
tlst. room 24. 14 McAllister st.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st. — Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental r..rlors. 233 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. H; crowns. 13; fillings. 2gc
LOWEST prices In S. F. : painless extraction.
50c. N. Y. Dentist.-. 969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth at
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. a
YOUNG. 1S41 PoU st.
DR.R.L. WALSH. SIB'H Geary, nr. Larkln— Paln-
less extraction, SOc; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1133.
DR. H. O. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. S1Q Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market at.
FRENCH accordian and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. yi Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
SECOND term night school for men. Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and
Ellis sts.'; 15- week courses, beginning Janu-
ary t>; bookkeeping course $5, electrical
course $5, English course $3, stenographer's
course $4; classes in algebra. Anglo-Ameri-
can history, architectural drawing, arithme-
tic, assaying, bookkeeping, civil government
' . civil service, commercial geography, com-
, mercial law, electricity, elocution, English,
, free-hand drawing, geometry, German, me-
chanical drawing, vocal music, naval archl-
tec-tun?, penmanship, political science, social
economics, steam engineering:, stenography
and typewriting. Apply at office for hours
and tuition prices. A. A. MACURDA, Edu-
cational Director; H. J. McCOY, Gen. Sec.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S F. "
catalogue free.,
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education: shorthand
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship'
spelling, Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers'-
new typewriters; positions secured; cat free
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POStTst"
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment-
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Pheian building.
A— The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vtse their friends to attend the GALLAGHER.
MARSH, COLLEGE. Is this advice Vorth foil
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
. modern methods; positions for all graduates
new tO-page catalogue free. aO5 Larkln st. '
A— Miss Bolte's School. 2734 Pine st: board;
Eng.. French. German, music; $30 mo. ;coach.
I KENT Law School, day and night. 654 Par-
I rott building; send for catalogue.
EDUCATIONAL— Contilnwd. /
MERRILL-MILLER Collar-a nK-wf>i« n^ typ^f
ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING^ — Civil, elec, mbins.mech.snr>
vey. assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1804. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the ona man who perl
fects beginners, college graduates ft bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott bldy.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hall«t School.
associated with theatrical agenoy lecuring po-
sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Tarr«ll st.
A FULL course, of Ellis bookkerplnr and tha
Gregg shorthand costs only $8). San Fraa.
dsco Business Collega. 1236 Market st.
C. HOFFMAX. the European tenor and voic*
builder: Italian method. Concert and ora-
torio. 1017 Sutter st.
TENOR lyric, high with powerful voice, ds-
ilres engagements. Address btx t6M. CalL
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Pro*. TirPVRTTT. y^
teacher. 1003 Mission: Instruments selected.
VAUDEVILLE School of Actlnif— Pupils pr*
pared for the stage. 125 Mascn st.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting. 314 Geary «t. t
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin. Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. MISS R0UL8T0X. 778 OTarrell st.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Mi.rket. nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, booV.keep. ; $S mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTO>-S DAY an<S
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pino st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. TJk
founded 1S63; new 80- page catalogue tree. -^
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 M sslon. nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any aSdress tn tha
TJn>te<1 Statea or Canada on» year for tt.
EMPliOYMEyT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE rellabto house cleaning- s also
cooks and waiters furnished at. short notice.
George Klnochita. 1233 Page St.; teL Fell 8901,
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; teL Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chines* help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO,
AOKI A CO.. 421 Post St.; teL Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of>
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Mais 51SS.
JAPANESE * Intelligence Officer-Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush B18.
OBPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WAJrTEP-- FBMALB.
COMPETENT woman with 2 young; girl* wants
situation in the country; experlonoed cook
and general houseworker; small watts; best
references; letters. MRS. ABEL, 717 Howard
st., room 16, between Third and Fourth.
A MIDDLE-AGED American woman, good
plain cook, desires light houseirork tn family
of not more than two adults; small wares.
Box 2776. Call.
A STRICTLY first-class colored woman cook
. wants nosltlon In first-class prlv*u board-
ing-house; $40. MRS. M. E. DAY A CO..
335 Geary st.
A FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a situation! bcl
tel and boardinc-housa: city or country. AtV
dress MRS. R.. 127 Turk St.. room T. -*^
EXPERIENCED mlddle-ajra4 wonaa wants
employment in transient room 1 nr- house. Box
2777. Call.
WOMAN wants work boos* cleaning. 262H
Tehama st.
ANY lady going East who would His the as-
sistance ot a reliable woman w.th best of ref-
erences. Address box 27S5, Call office^
STRONG woman wants work by the dayt
washing, cleaning, •to. j wages $L Apply 213
Clara at., rear.
COMPETENT woman; fin* cook I will do small
pieces in American family; city or country t
good city references: no postal* or notes. 82 1
Mission St., near Fourth,
STRONG American woman wants work by th«
day; washing, ironing or Louse cleaning;
$1 25 and carfare. Address box 2799. CalL
"WANTED— Situation as cook imd downstairs
work: Is a reliable woman; wares $25; no
postals. Address MRS. N. M, T., 1111 Mason.
"WOMAN -wants -work by the dayt forenoon.
MRS. GOLD. 83 Chestnut st.
DRESSMAKER from New York wants en-
gagements In families; tailor mads and
evening dresses; beautiful styles. 427 Sut-
ter St.. 2 bells.
DRESSMAKING— A perfect fitter on ladles'
tailoring and evening suits wants engage-
ments ; $1 50 per day. 244 Taylor st. *
EXPERIENCED laundress wants position in
hotel or rooming house; country preferred.
Box 2739, Call offlce.
NURSES — 2 youngr -women between 20 and 80
years of age, of rood health and morals. For
particulars apply 1051 Marke: st.. gaklaod.
WETNURSE — A healthy woman of 80, having
a healthy baby 1 month old. wishes position
as wetnnrse. Apply 1061 Market St., Oakland.
WINCHESTEH House, 44 Third it, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to |1 50 per niyht; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and nsspectabla; fre«
bus and baggage to and frora ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 TOlmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia t. ..
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— JULE.
WANTED— Position by young man; expert*
enced bookkeeoer and shipping olerkl rslU-
ble and Industrious: references. Box 2723.
Call.
RKT.TABTJl yount maa waata plao* to gro-
cery or saloon; speaks CkrnuA aad B*r«acl»|
private family or hotel preferred. Boa 2734,
CalL
WOULD like sosltlon In hardirar* stem can
repair and black stoves, also assist la salM
department. Box 2726. Call.
MAN and wife, experienced ant. reliable, vast
charge of place or wcrk on ranch. Call or
address E.. 125 Sixth St.. room 8»
FIRST-CLASS coachman and valst; staa*I«l
neat appearano*; sober: use* no toba£oo; will-
ing and obliging; expert horseman and driver I
very best references. Address box 2833. Call.
GARDENER who worked four year* in last ,
place In San Mateo Co. and underetanda
propagating, hothouses, eta., wishes ilcuAu
tion; bent references. AXDRBra. 81< 8toe)»t
ton St.; phono Main 1304.
POSITION as watchman, night clsrk er col-
lector, best of references. Box 2783, Call
A YOUNG oastry Cook desires position. 112T
McAllister st. ■
YOUNG man gives masssxe treatment: first-
class references. Address 1»x 2790, Call
office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class dry roods
man and good window dresser; amall salary
no objection: best of reference*. Addreaa
box 2791. Call o«lce. ?
EXPERIENCED and competent stenographer*
desires situation; best of reierenees; salary
$45. Box 2798. Call.
WANTED — A -position by a maa handy fas
Kitchen and chamber; bad years' «xporleac«
In the sick chamber. Box 271*4. Call.
A MAN of large business experience, straarer
In city, will take position vhere care and
rood Judgment are needed; will furnish bonds
' or caah security. Box 2724. OH.
CHAUFFEUR — Position by a j oung man wha
thoroughly understands operating: •t«*m aa»
tomobile; private place or ou tilde work. Ad-
dress ROBERT, box 2729. CalL
MAN wants work of any kind by the day
week or month. Box 10. Car, office.
PORTER of experience, age 24. would like
steady position, city or country. Box 2101,
Call offlce.
YOUNG man. stranger In city, would like to
work around private family for board and
room and a little clothing: meney for wtntet%S>
Box 2757, Call office. I*
MIDDLE-AOED man wants any kind light po-
sition; willing to learn grocery, fruit or any
other kind business; small wages; has good
references. Box 2769. Call office.
WANTED — By man and wife. In city or coun-
try, position, hotel; wife waitress; man
clerk, tend bar or work around house. Ad-
dress box 2770. Call offlce.
RELIABLE elderly man wants work to care
for horse, cow and garden: isood references;
small wages. Address Reliable, box 2771.
Cal lofflce.
YOUNG man. strong and willing, wants work
of any kind. Box 2763. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS dairyman wishe:i to take charge
of dairy of 70 cows with his own help; good
references; reasonable wage:.. T. D.. 2l>^
Harrison ave., off Folsom st.
RELIABLE, trustworthy man wants position
as watchman in some large establishment;
best of references: experience J in such work.
Box 2723. Call offlce.
GOOD German cook wants steady place: hotel
or restaurant; good meat cutter. J. H.. 107
Eighth st.
A MIDDLE-AGED German with references
wants work of any ktnd; has experience la
bottle business. 742 Geary st.
JAPANESE wants position as: housework or
schoolboy. K. S., Japanese Mission, 22 Proa. ,
pect place. V*""
CLASSIFIED advertisements aad subscriptions '
received at Call branch offlce. 2300 Flllmore »t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1WI Va-
lencia st. HEMyiXAJtCIAL.
lTACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.) We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed, stock
taken in payment for services: good mining
and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post sC
.-w-- _-^JIT?'- AT - i5 ■J[lSLJ L -ffT.
HARRIET, 333— t-room flat, $9; no children.
Between Bryant and Brannan. 6th and 7th.
LOWER flat; 2505^ Howard et; S. rooms and
bath; warm belt. ■ ... , .
EHRADER. 72»— Elegant upper flat 9 sunny
rooms and bath; $35. *
SUNNY modern flat; C rooms: marine view
23 Pleasant et.. near Sacramento, above
Taylor.
VALLEJO. 1220. bet Hyde & Leavenworth—
cottage, flat 4 nns.; yard; marine view; $12.
TO let — Elecant large lower flat. 2865 Wash-
ington st.. between Scott and Devisadero.
$5— UPPER rear flat of 3 sunny rooms. 27
Pearl st.. off Market near Valencia.
5 ROOMS, bath. yard. 25 Lloyd, bet Scott
and Devisadero. Waller and Thirteenth : $ loT
$20—6 ROOMS and bath. 17G Julian ave n7
Sixteenth et. SPARROW. 107 Geary st.
* : n^?££k 11 ? ° a r t * £^j_ cor - of McAllister and
Broderick ets.; 6 roorrhi and bath.
jk FLATS TO LET FURMSHED.
,^2 D t ERX fu^ ish ed flat of 6 sunny rooms."
1500 Jones et. cor.Jackson; phone Polk 1520.
FCRMTCRE FOR SALE.
NICELY furnished flat of elx rooms- Geary
near Jones; sale or rent Particulars 415
Ellis et.
FURNITURE of 6-room flat. Including child's
go-cart; Inspection Sunday and Monday. 15S0
Eicy st.
FURNITURE of an elegant home for sale,
with the privileges cf renting. Box 2716,
call cirice.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 60, with No. 7
range.-. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1181 Market.
FURNITURE WAXTED. -
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market Bt.; teL South 41S.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission 6t. pays highest
price lor second-hand furniture; teL Red 1354.
A. L. 8TORRS, 6S4 Ellis st.: telephone Larkln
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jeseie 7C1 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
CHRISTMAS present — Dar.lchefT glove order;
factory price pur: kept In repair. 121 Grant.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.' S.. Phone Grant 1S5
-V HOTEL DEPARTMENT
tWoj tresses, hotels and restaurants, city
$20, $30
Waitresses, country hotels .......$20
Charr.t>erma!d to wash towels .-. ..$20
German woman cook, country $25
FAMILY ORDERS .»
Second Blrl, Berkeley, *2O; second^ girls,
housegtrls, cooks cj>ji obtain positions at
good wages. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
WORKING housekeeper for •widower and 4
children. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WAN TKD^-Cook. 3 family, $30; Infant's nurse,
*>:M; ci^tnbermaid and ■uaitir.c. "$20, coun-
try; housework, 3 family. $30; 2 chamber-
maids end tewisK, $20; hotel waitress, $20;
housework. Oakland. 525; Alarneda, $25; t |
second Eirls, j?20. $^5; housework of all de-
scriptions, placts too numerous to mention.
Call Monday J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334
Sutter st.
EMPLOYES Standard Shirt Factory— Work
will be ready in all, departments Monday,
December lti. Be on. hand without falL
GIRLS — We will teach you the latest and most
profitable profession for women In 3 weeks;
artistic hairdressing, /shampooing, manicur-
ing, electrical rolling, cupping, bleaching and
sacial massage: bleaching, blonding and dye-
ir.s the "hair; hydriVVacu and Pack-Pagye
treatments fully taught; kind and constant
atterrtian; tuition $1 £0 per week;" visitors
welcome. California Hairdretsing College,
3tj5 Larkin Et. ; take elevator. . •
WANTED — AbFolut^ly reliable ■woman as com-
panion for two crown children In Sausalito;
must have a knowledge of sewing; none but j
those with best of references need apply. Ad-
dress MRS. T. W.. M. D.. Sausalito, Cal.
WANTED — £5 young women living at hom«u
- who embroider, to train for teaching em-
broidery in the Japanese method; training !
free and position assured; teachers paid 50c
per lesson; can give 4 a day. Box 231(5, CalL
$3 TO $15 weekly; writing; permanent home
work; any one can do it; call or send 10c for •
ramplee: no canvassing; hours 9 to 12. NOV- |
ELTY CO.. CIS Eddy Et.
A MIPDLE-AGED lady as stenographer,
bookkeeper and cashier In an old established
wholesale business; bonds necessary. Box j
2786. CalL I
A 6ALEEWOMAN who is experienced and re-
liable to introduce and sell pens; wages $10
per week and carfare; references. Box 279G.
Call.
WANTED — First-class seamstress to make
neckwear. Apply at HALE BROS, before
11 a. m. ; ;
A WOMAN, free from home cares, can secure
permanent position by addressing at once.
Box 2753. Call offia^
WAXTED — Salesladies. Apply Superintendent's
• office Emporium, bettreen. 9 and 10 a. m.
Monday.
WAXTED — First-class talloress on coats; must
be experienced. <i29 Kearny St.. room 8.
CIRL wanted fcr light housework; email fam-
ily.. 225 Lacuna «t
MIDDLE-AGED woman to wait on Invalid; $5-
a week. 346 Sutter St.. room 26.
WANTED — A younsr woman, some experience
cacvaesing; eplendid opportunity. 2782 Call.
A GIRL as saleslady In candy store. Apply 304
O'Farrell st.
EXPERIENCED operators on hemstitching
machine. 220 Sutter st. room 25. ]
GIRL between 14 and 18 to assist with house-
work; call between ii and 12. 1751 Satter st
GIRL wanted for general housework In family
of tfcre«. TJ512 California st.
APPRENTICES fcr ladles' tailoring; paid and
steady. 810 Tost st
"WANTED — £a!es women. Apply at HALE
BROS.' betore Ham.
CHAMBER-MAID wanted at New Mechanics'
Hotel. 444 Brannan st.
WOMAN for light housework; 3 in family;
wages f 10. 1432 Lyon Et.
WANTED — Experienced hands as coat flnlsh-
tri and buttonholers. 4.^8 Geary et.
EXPER1ENCED operators en fancy and neg-
ligee sbirte; also a few bright girls about 10
years of age for Instruction ; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove Pta. - - ~ i
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of I
self -assertion; good opportunity to rlgnt par- .
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED — Girls to sew shirts; steady work,
Icood pay: a few beginners taught. Apply •
THE L. ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery et.
YOUNG lady wanted for Russian dance; ex-
l>erlenctd dancer pref. 20 O'Farrell st. r. 2C.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework. S»1!X) Six-
teenth et.. near Guerrero.
GIRL to assist In housework. 2100 Bush gt
WANTED — A chambermaid at the Manhattan
House. 825 Battery et. _^
GIRL to do chamber work and wait at table;
German preferred. 5C7 Sixth st.
WANTED— WORKING GIRLS and WOMEN to
learn hair dressing, manicuring, electrical
face massage, shampooing, dyeing and bleach-
Ing etc.; full course. 3 weeks; tuition (3; posl-
' tlons positively guaranteed; 4 good positions
In fine stores now open to those entering Im- :
mediately. S. F. HAIRDRESSING COL-
LEGE, first and only school of the kind on
Pacific Coast; all others are Imitators. S. F.
- Hairdressing College. 233 Geary, rooms 13-15. ;
OPERATORS et Lev! Strauss * Co.'s Overall
Factory. 821.4 Fremont st; no experience
recessary: tfocd pay, steady work- Apply to i
UK. DAVTS. .
WANTED — N>at girl for general housework. 2
- in family. $20. Apply 2201 Laguna st. be-
tween 12 and 2 or 6 and 8.
hands on sun bonnets, chll-
■ dren's hats and caps. BAUER BROS., 21
\ Sansome Bt . - . • •■
K'ANTED — Girt to set type. Address box
1 . 2755. Call office. ,
WAXTED--FB MALE— Con. ~ '
GIRLS, be Independent; entire course in'halr-
~ r , es ~ lnK: 3 weeks. $5; materials furnished.
<wa Ellis s t. t ground floor.-
W w' TED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between 8 and 11 a. m.. HALE BROS.
_^ IIELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S48
„ •-- '.. 634-C38 CLAY ST
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
..... OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M
Carriage trimmer, country shop $3 day-
Shingle packer and sawyer. . . .$65 and found
2 saeh weight molders; 3 machinists, 9 hours
day; young man for lettering and designing
.metal and rubber work. .-
Furnace man, quicksilver mine, $65 and 1
house; slack cooper,, see boss here, $35 and
found; 6 blockmakers, see boss here; 15 farm
hands; C farmers, orchard work
5 plow teamsters $30 and found
b pruners. 1 apricot and peach trees '. .
i ....$30 and found'
Ht>rse clipper; 2 stablemen $10 and. $50
Milker, city. $35; milker, country dairy, $30
and found ... *
Italian vegetable gardener $40 and house
3 choremen; 2 choteboys; old man for chores,
ranch, $10 and found; 10 tiemakers, good
Job, 12p each; 25 woodchoppers, $1 25 to $1 50
coed ; tailk wagon driver, city, . $30 1 and
found ,.: ; ....:../.
• HOTEL DEPARTMENT ,. ...
Cook and wife, man as cook, wife as wait- .
ress : $00 and found
Cook, restaurant, near city $40 and found
Cook, short order, Mendocino County
.- $35 and/found
3 coaks for other places; waiter - city, $10;
waiter, country hotel, fare 75c. $30 and
found; waiter. Colusa County. $30; 7 waiters,
other places; baker, mining camp, steady Job.
$45 and found; cake baker, south, $35 and
found; young man to drive for bakery, city,
$20 and found; kitchen hand. $25; dishwash-
ers. 515. $20 and $23. MURRAY 4: READY.
634-630 Clay st.
WANTED— Men who are now engaged in rep-
resenting wholesale tailoring firms and who
have been euccessful in the line. The very
largest wholesale tailoring concern In the
United States will give such men an pppor-
tunity to make more money than they axe
making at the present time. The very beet
sample equipment such as woolens on con-
signment, swatches, etc.. will be furnished;
branch stores will be opened without requir-
ing investment of the salesmen; salaries
guaranteed to good parties; pood salesmen
wlil find this . their opportunity. Address
A. H. NICOLL, Lock Box 529. Chicago, 111.
CIVIL service Government positlons^ — 9SS9 ap-
pointments made last year; probably 10,000
this year: enly common school education re-
quired for examination: catalogue of In-
formation free. Columbian Correspondence
School Washington, D. C.
WANTED — Experienced man to manage Juve-
nile department; must be thoroughly posted
on boys' clothing, boys' -hats, caps and
furnishing goods. Address, stating refer-
ence and where. last employed, "Los An-
geles." box 2759. Call office. .*
WANTED — Men and women to sell our. spe-
cialty at home or traveling; sells easily;
yields big profits; always gives satisfaction;
field not overcrowded: write for terms. Cab-
inet Mfg. Co., Quincy, III.
AN active experienced salesman to sell metal
signs; guaranteed wages $40 per month; com-
mission added; the right man can easily earn
over $1CO per month; references. Box 2705,
Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, first-class; state age, expe-
rience, references, salary expected, where and
when last employed. Box 27S1. Call office.
ELDERLY man to take care of horses and do
chores around hotel; $15 and found. 301
Twenty-second st.. Potrero.
WAXTED — Experienced bookkeeper, machinery
business; state experience and salary. Box
2114. Call office. - ■
MEN'S furnishing goods salesman. Apply
with references, EAGLESON & CO., 535
Market et. .
RESPECTABLE boy run errands, makes himself
useful gent's furnishing store. 535 Valencia.
EXPERIENCED boy to feed cylinder presses.
- 14-10 Fremont st.-- - — •
ERRAND boy. PERNHARD & STOCK. 27
Jessie ft. - .y-.-V;
FIRST-CLASS polisher. 3372. Mission st.
WAXTED — Experienced men. wrappers. -Apply
at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m.. ' ■ ...
COACHMAN; single; German or Scandinavian;
country; references. Box 2104, Call.
MIDDLE- AGED man, single, for light- work.
464 Linden ave., bet. Octavia and Laguna,
SECOND waiter wanted. Park Hotel, ..26
Turk st. ■ .- . --^
AN old established 4-chair barber shop for sale
cheap. Bex 2767. Call office. ' . ,
PHYSICIAN wants a bright, reliable young
man about IS to help around office: must
have a good education, willing to 'work, write
a good hand and be able to learn to use the
- typewriter Address, statins lull particulars.
Doctor, box 2720. Call office. . " "
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push; 1
good opportunity to Tight man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building. - - ' . • •
WANTED in shipping office, bright boy who
■writes good hand; address In "own handwrit-
ing-, salary expected, residence, age, etc. ;
must reside with parents. Box 276tt, Call.
WANTED in shipping office, good errand boy;
must reside with parents. Address box -Tt>7,
Call, statins ase, etc
I DOT for steady position. Address, stating
I • age, box 27C4, Call.
; WANTED — An experienced milk wagon driver;
! seed wages. Apoly at 1421 Buchanan St.
ALL elzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £63 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
i $100 BUYS half Interest In paying horseshoeing
I Ehcp. Box 2717, Call office. - ■ -.
WANTED — Reliable young man with $73 cash:
light Indoor work; $15 week; steady place; no
experience; only those meaning business need
apply. BROWN. 1221 Market st ' "
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
B. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over « feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
BARBER shop In country; running 3 chairs
and Z baths; established 20 years; a bargain.
DECKELMAN feKOS.. VX Ellis- St.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated: positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. (35 Clay st. .■'■--
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. -
WANTED — Carriage "woodworker and all-round
man. 263 Stevenson St., or Bay View Car-
riage Factory, -San Rafaeh • '
BARBERS — 2-chalr shop for sale; rent cheap;
living rooms If desired. 1220 Market st,
Oakland. -v;
BARBER shop in country; fine place for man
and wife. Inquire at WILL & FINCK'S.
WANTED — Experienced domestic talesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m., HALE BROS.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25o
to SOc C63 Mission Et.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Cash boys. ■ Apply between S and
11 a. m.. HALE BROS. - -
WANTED— FfrFt-dafs machinists and Iron
molders. *05 Mission st ■>
ABLE solicitors can eam-flOO-per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Ca'.l building.
EOO MEN to buy new and M-hand army shoes.
£0c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st..-nr. 5th.
SAILORS, ■ ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steoart st.
! McDONALD & PERRY have 000 pairs second-
I hand shoes for eale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
I YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.; E. A. Bullls. 3, 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;
fren 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
■ :. HORSKS -AXU WAGOXS. -~"'
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday, Dec. IS, at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
• DOYLE. Auctioneer. '. > • " ■ ' ' " .' -
ONE Becond-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st - '
FULL line German Government horses always
n hand. JOHN H. H ALTON, 1732 Market.
SOME fine gentle carriage and driving horses
for sale at 721 Howard st. . ■■■'■;■ -..
A BARGAIN In good carriage, raddle." business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 60S G. G. ave....
ALL kinds of wagons buggies, carts, \ harness,
etc.. cheap. KOAN & SON. Z117 Mlsslfln st •
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single:'. also light
camping wagon for rale, cheap. -632 Mission.
'■ HOUSES TO LET; . . ' , ~~~
A— PRINTED liet houses to let;. send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSKN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— NEW,, sunny, northwest corner, 45 rooms.
4 baths; marine view: 1005 Powell St. • Xv
■ ply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 0C7 Market st. .
GOLDEN GATE ave., S11V&." opp; Jefferson
square— Cottage, 5 rooms, basement attic,
yard, hot and cold water;. rent $20. -., - •
HOUSE, nine sunny room*:' 2 baths, laundry;
sunny yard; f urn. or tinfurn. 2S14 Webster.
Hmwii mm' fin i'ibi»*iii» ■wni ii i in itTT mi nil Him filim
THE- SAN 1RANCISCO; CALLv SUNDA
:' ' -" .lostVaxd- fovkd. J.' ' ' ' i
$lu^' REWARD— Lost • Saturday afternoon "on ;
Market et, 'lady's gold watch; large mono- j
. gram,-. A..L. S.. on cne side. and small-dla--
mond-ln other.' Return to ,2iZ4 Pine Et '
LOST^-Wednesday, gold Waltham watch^ robn- J
' ogratn J. .-P. ; number ' 4,020,131; liberal re- .
ward. ■ Return .to 113 Gough st . ■ ■/ / . ■■ '
RED cocker bitch; apply between 11 and 12
i o'clock., 1130 E. 22d Bt. Oakland.
LOST — "Greyhound," white with black mark- j
ings; reward upon returning same.' 2710 Sut-
ter «t. : ■ •' •" : " J "-'•-•■■.■
LOST— Leather - satchel- In- Hale's waitlng-
room; liberal reward. 1271. Mission st
$20 REWARD— Palace of .Art. 16 Post round j
Si magnifying glass; broken ■rlmr-no questions.' |
FOUND — Cocker spaniel, Oakland tag. Owner .-
can have same at 1391 Harrison st. ' i
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor- j
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
If pages. In vrrapper for ma.Illn«.- $1 per venr.
. .. MACHINE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works. 415% Sacramento sl.
builds models and experimental machinery; j
mine hoists 4," 8. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to - marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 70S EUla.
MATTRESSES AND. PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
! - anteed: -HOPKE BROS- -411 to 415 Powell
St.; teL Bush 421. - : '
- ; MEDICAL. ■
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the: specialist My
. medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken ; the most obstinate cases . have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female/complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET is" a graduate- of the Royal
University of Berlin In midwifery cases: takes
ladies before and during confinement, with the
best of care; infants. adopted; vill take two
to work at my private residence.- on 606
Guerrero St., near Eighteenth; phone Blue 411.
MRS. D: WYETH — Reliable ladles' specialist;
i 30 years' experience in midwifery cases; pri-
vate home before and durins confinement. 410
O Farrell st, near-Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
MRS. KOHL, specialist 410 O'Farr'ell st
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladles'" 'physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home In confinement 210 Ettdy st. .near
Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave; •
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity hoire; home
In confinement. 1126 'Market -St.. S. F. . ■•
THE original MRS. DAVIES ts still iocated at
1228 Market: maternity . home provided: office
hours 10 a. m." to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m. .
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable' ladies'
specialist; a private home before and diiring
confinement ; best medical care; low ; fees.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician: 25 ynC
successful experience in S. F. ■ Maternity
Home. - 900' Market, opp. 4th.
DR. NG TOT KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite j
Union «n«ar»: nil dlwawa cured hv herbs.-
FOR sale— Developed gold mine; Shasta Co.,
Cal. ; 2 shafts, steam hoist. 10-stamp . mill,
office, cottage, boarding-house; all in good
" condition: ore milled $10 to $14; smelted; $40
to $150 per ton; death of owner cause for
■ sale; price $55,000 en bond. Maps and re-
ports at Mining Bureau, 190 Crocker bi|llding.
FOR SALE^ — Half Interest in placer mining j
ground; $12,500 cash. $12,500 next September
1; best of references," have sood Investment |
for a man who wants a mine which will ;
stand Investigation. Address box 2112. Call. :
WANTED — Buyers looking for developed or un-
developed gold mines to call and see sample ;
of ore, maps and reports at Mining- Bureau,
100 Crocker building. ' y ' ' ' 1
EASTERN capital to Invest in" developed gold
mines; also' lands suitable for dry-washing;
any. location. C. F. MOORE, 035 Market st;
•• room 6. ■ ' ' " . . - . ■ -. t . ■ - ' , . im .i .- . ■ ■
4000 MONTEZUMA shares for iale 8t bargain;
need money: write soon.. Box 2110. Call. -. -
MISCELLANEOUS— -FOIl SALE.'
BOILERS, 'engines, 2d-h*nd machinery. Mc-
INTOSH& WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, liarrootn chairs, linoleum, new and
Eecond hand;. we always have a large stock of
Faloon outfits on hand v 32 complete outfits i)n-
' cne floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 21 hours. J. NOON AN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 10IS
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for -catalogue.
AUCTION eale. Dee. 18. -1O a. m. — About !>OO
Government wagons, pumps,': boilers, en-
gines, elevators, machine shop tools, etc.;
: write for list . J. C. BAKER, *10 Third st,
Oakland. - .- ■ • • . .; ■: ■■
MATTING, and Bamboo Furniture . Wholeonle
'.and Retail: Special 'or Xmas: Children's
Toy Furniture Sens. " . - , . . , -.
UYKDA CO,. '22 «nd 42» nnrr «t.
LACES, direct from Brussels; finest and rarest
kinds cheap; can be seen at. 1390 ' Alcatraz
ave.. Lorin station, Berkeley, or I will call at :
your residence; asents wanted. . - .. . .
A — BUTS, rella or rents gear, machinery, en- :
glnes, boilers, 'water pipes, shafting.; pulleys, ;
etc. WHITKLAW.- 2:J-2a5 Spear St. '■
A FINE Great Dane, well trained, good watch i
dog or for boy and cart.. $25. 110 Twenty-
nlnth st. " » . " .
WOI7LD make a nice Christmas present; seal-
skin; bust 86; will sell for '$80; -just remod-;
eled: original cost $225. Box 2C00, Call.
CANARY birds; most acceptable Christmas
present: rollers and others. Cheap at LOH-
MANN'S, H168 Sixteenth Bt. - ■
COLLECTION 'of butterflies from the Philip^
pines, China and Japan. m\ddress box 2797,
Call olflce. . ; . • • '
FOR Christmas present get handsome Angora
kitten; choice pedigree; visitors welcome. 3313
Clay st. •■ . - ' .-' !
A-tt 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
;Iar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
F1NB suits. $10: dress pants, $2 75. .- MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. ■<37 Montgomery st.
A — FOR cigar stands that actually make money
see C. L. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott building.
$15 WILL buy a $45 physician's "operating
chair. Room 11. 1170 Market st.
WALLPAPER. 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc.
MERIGAN. 1302 Webster ?• tel.- Jackson 1U21.
FOR sale— Beautiful tapestry painting, 4x0 ft;
subject. "Motherhood." Apply 3374 17th Et.
BARBERS' Ideal, oil' heater No. 10 at half
price. 1310 Valencia et. . . . ■■ ■
UNRBDEEMED overcoats " from $2 50 up.
PLAZA LOAN OFFICE, 702-708 Kearny st. •
A FEW cocker pups for sale; champion stock.
_-_lS23 Turk st ■ ". ,
FOR sale — Pipe, COCO ft. of C", 3C00 ft. of 3^1
in EOOd condition. Address box 27C0, .Call.
TYPEWRITERS, - 2d-hand, all makes, at low !
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
FOR sale— 3A : Call newspaper route of 500
names, niquirc telephone Kate 2047. .'.;-
FOR SALE — A fine. watchdog; genuine Dane. 0
Delgardo place, off Hyde st, near Green. -
NEW and 2nd hand- bollera. engines, pumps,
pipe and supplies. H. S. White, C16 Mission.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON-
GASOLINE engines, all Elzes, new and 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 139 Beale st. ' -
TURQUOISE diamond ring worth J50,' only J28.
'Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st ,..;
FAIRBANKS' NMon hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
Ilned safe, perfect order. 216 California st ; .
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
■ MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st'.-.y.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9, Stevenson.
NEW Singer. sewing machine: S drawers: oak;
complete: cheap. 1915- Mission, near Flfteentli.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought T- Fershtand. 12S Kearny st, rm. 29.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths- and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission St. - ■
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK.- 131 Post st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
"received at Call-branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A WEEK'S -news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In. wrapper for mailing. <1 per year.
■ miscellaneous' wants. ;
STAMPED ' checks • and documentary stamps
bought. R. GARVEY, Windsor Hotel, Fifth
- and Market sts. -' -■..'•-••" - .•.*-.-.
WILL pay cash and good prices, for old seal-
sklns. " Address at once box'1205, Call office.
T1LTON- wants good- second-hand clothing and
, theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Folsom .'2522.
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
&sold.- Sllverman, 984 Folso.n;tel;FoIsom 1131.
BIO prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
■ . edo suits. Portland ■ Loan Office, ■- 13 StocJtton.^
• H^^A^'TIUR^H^r^S^xaminerTulldTingT :
*' .'.$4,500,000 at lowest rates.. 1........
............on first and second mortgages....::...
:......Life Interests. In estates......
• " ..^.....Property being held in trust..
'.Undivided Interests , In real estate...'...
,:.Llfe insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money.:. I
Bee HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bldg.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.). : •
$300,000 at 5% & « per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country \ property:
Second . mortgages, life 'Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and' legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
H ATT AN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
i ANY AMOUNT AT 8 PER CENT. rr ~
' 'First, second und third mortgages... \.... ......
i Undivided Interest' in real estate in probate..
J Mortgages .and legacies _ bouent: no d«lay....
t Get my term* before doing business tlsen-htr*
j R. McCOLGAN
' ....24 Montgomery Ft., room S. ;.....
ANY amount. lowest rates on mortgage*, es- |
, tates. legacies," undivided- Interests, chattel
mtgs. etc: enterprises of merit also- soueht.
D. J. HALLORAN. J06 Kearny st.. . room 314.
ON real estate, .1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without .'removal; . any
amount: lowest" rates; open evenings 7 to 6.
BECKER & CO.. 027 Market st, room CIS.
A RELIABLE corporation established In lS<al
proper place, to. borrow money on diamonds,
jewelry, plants and FealFklns; Cnlu'mbla Loan
Office. 9 Grant ave.. nr. M»"kt: tel. Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 10S Grant ave!. near
Geary st. ; phone Red 160J.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond*. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelrv Store 816 Mark*t
St.: tel. Main .1*44. Branch _1» Third *t.
LOANS on pianbh. lurniture. no' removal. libra-
ries, goods in warehouse.etc. :any amount :low-
ttt rates; private. Ormsby. 2« Montgomery st.
CASH -loaned to salaried people on note wlth-
. out lndor*«T or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
(innum. MORRKLL.-, H09- Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal: no commission: conflden-
'. tial. Room S. Conservatory bids.. 301 Jon»s.
ON fumltuie. pianos: no removal: money
quirk; lowest Interest: eapy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market, xt.. room 6S. ,
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval: oppn evening's. Room 81. fl Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture. D'anos; no removal; no
commis.; confidential. Whitehead, 1710 Markt.
ON salaries! N. Y. plan; . Indorsed paper dis>-
counted. TOITpLKY CO.. 321 Parrntt hldg. .
ON country real estate, furniture, pianos; -low-
est rate; no removal. 927 Market -st, rm. 208.
ON furniture.' piano?: .lowest rate; no removal;
ftrlctly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent en furniture: {3 a month nu each
$1000; any »>e«"ur« < j'. . 302 Montgomery st. r. 1. .
IF you wsnt ctamfl will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDKIJ.. 222 Sansome lit.
ON SALARIES without Indoreer: other propo-
sitions. S, F, Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary; no. Indorser: Eastern
plan. . Western. Loan Co.. 309. Phelan bid*.
CHEAPEST, and best In America— The Weekly
Oill. IS 'pages, sent to any address ■ In" the
United States or Canada one 'year ' for $1.
postage raid. . . ' • ■. ...
SIOXEY WASTED, ..;..
WANTED— To ' borrow- -sums from $200 to
• $1000; real estate security; full Interest. Pa-
cific Home Building Company, 39 Nevada
- block. ■■■.-,■
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.:. \ -'
ALL grades sold by '.the Heine Piano Co."; sole
agents meat famous and oldest > American
makes; easy payments; big allowance for old
i pianos; rents $2 up allowed.
A GREAT OPPORTUNITY.
Our new building and hall will be completed
before March 1.. We are now making a spe-
cial reduction for the holidays to . clear out
our slightly used goods. Among them are
the following immense bargains:
1 small upright, mahogany $39
1 small upright, walnut.". ...... ....I... $9,5
1 small upright, -black case.' '. . . .$145
.0 Chickerlng uprights. ... ..from $125 to $325
4 Stelnway uprights.. .■....'; from $185 to $500
2 Hallet & Davis uprights. .;.. $325 and $650
- 3 Conovers.- uprights.;.. '.$150, $225 'and $325
2 Sohmer uprights ..$1(15 and $105
2 Webers .... -.....- $95 and $175
• ; And rnarty others; you name the terms:
-■Open evenings during this sale. •
Bright, aggressive and competent men to
learn to sell our pianos In every town of the
Pacific Coast > " .. ; .
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st
A GOOD thing to recollect, is this: We do not
reckon a sale complete unless the customer
gets all he is entitled to. We give a:perfect,
sound, and undamaged.. new piano for less
i money than is often - asked . for patched up
and made over Instruments, worked off under
all sorts cf disguises. It Is much better to
get a reliable "new piano that Is known," than
a "bargraln'.'.'-.thaf Is good. only for the time
being.' Our .-'pianos or customers . . are mot
"wrecked.? 1 . ; Ask -about our new plan of
$1 BO per week. .We sell Wlssner, Decker
" & Son, Baumelster; Steger and <Singer pianos.
Call and see us-^pen evenings. THE ZEND
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 760 Market st.
WE hnve Just received the latest designs in art
pianos, a tcreat assortment In Pohmer. Byrnn
Mai'zy and Lester Pianos. BYRON MACZY,
308 Post st. ■ ■•'. , .. ■
A GRAND, concert every afternoon. 2 to 4. by
! Cecillan Plnno Player at BYRON MAUZT'S.
XCS-310-312 Post st. - i»
CHRISTMAS Specials In small musical instru-
ments, Guitar*. Violins, Mandolins, Banjos;
bargains in all makes. BTRON . MAUZY.
308 Po?t ft - . ,' ' ■" ' ■ ■ -
SELECT your Christmas Pianos now; we de-
liver for ' ChrlFtmas present at your order.
BYROX .MAUZY. 3QS-310-312 Post ft. . •
A LOT of Fllghtly used- pianos, . $30 up. Re-
member we are open evenings until Christ-
j : mas. BYRON MAU?Y. 3QS-310-312 Post st.
I AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and (second-hand. l« the largest wpk:
; of Chicago and Includes the most rellabli'
makers tn choose frtim. New pianos sold upon
ea*y payments of $R r"T month: *om*' r-wvl
pianos for SZ. $4 nnd K per month. SHGRi
' MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, corner
Kearny an<1 Sutter rtr.i Pan Franclyco: cor-
■ ner Hrcart'vsy and Thirteenth sts>... Oakland.
ATTENTION. IU KOA I N- HUNTERS— .
Fecon<1-l»an<1 upright rlanos from $55 up. '
Second-hand -. riuare i pianrs from ! 150 . up.
Second-hand ortrans from f"5 up; new upright
pianos from JITS up. ,EENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16 to W O'Fnrrd!. Chlck«rlng, Masoc
& Hamlin. Vose. Rtorl'nsr pianos.
A FULL-SIZKD upright piano, $85; slx-octav«
M/asor. & Hamlin organ. $.15; Stelnway
square. $100: elejrant ; burl walnut Cameron
. upright. use<1 only few months, $275: Re'ch-
r plein baby grand, altnoft new. BOWERS &
SON. 23 Fifth St.; IVERS &.POND, AgentH.
ANY piano sold, by us taken hack any time'
within 2 years and. full purchase price »'-•
lowrd. on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
Frtce; costs yon only 20c.* day to buy a. piano
frcm ue. KOHT.TCR &.CHASE. 30 OTarreil
bt.: established 1850.
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new high-
grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage; dirt cheap 'In-
stallments); open evenings until 9:30. , WIL-
' SON'S Storage. -1710 Market st. ..
THE WILEY B. ALLKN CO.. 9J3 MARKET. "■
PIANOS THE BEST. •
PRICES THE LOWEST.
NEW stock has arrived; standard pianos, dlf-
. ferent makers; no extra price for holldavs;
. terms to suit you. -DEWING' S, Flood bldg.
STEINWAT . & SONS square piano; all new
• material:- will give trial to responsible pnr-
' ties. NW. cor. Guerrero and Fourteenth sts.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price flWI
upword; values best In thftclty. : PJF<RCE':5
PIANO FACTORY, .; Market, 14th fc Church.
FINE Chlckering square piano; good as ."new;
only 45. ( 440 Paris st., -near Russia ave.; tak3
Ingleside car.. -..'■■ :." ••'-." : ■'.'.• -' ; v ■--.
COMPELLED ! to sell account deparf 'ire. ne^v
3-pedal standard upright piano. 777 Geary.
PIANO free: narty will give use o' nlano to
party who will try to sell It. R. ."0, 217 Qeafry.
UNEEDA a piano for. the holidays; rent one;
total, cost ?5. S60 Hayes .st. . • ,
$650 UPRIGHT left on sale; price- (153. R 3S.
,217 Qeary st. ■ ; I
J125— PCHLKIP- unrleht. excellent'
' $75: Ernrd uprlcht. ■■ HornunR, 218 McAHictr- i
SUPERIOT: vlollni«, zither*. 1 ol<l ami new. IK
I MULLER. maker." repairer. ; Latham plac<» .
GOOD- second -hand ■ uprlirhr for sa!« cheap.
SCHMITZ. ,H McAllister »t. ' \ ■ . ;
AT KKEFFE'S, 21 Turk > bt.. ■ near Market—
'■■• Ehoninger.. Schubert anA Ste'.nvray bargains. ,
CHEAPEST, and best in America— The Weekly
r Call,' 16 pages, sent -to any address In the
■•'• United States pr ; Cannda one yen r for SI.- "...
, offices: Aivn; iSTonins to let."
A 'PHYSICIAN ] centrally, located 1 wlEhes" to
• share his office. with another nhys'clan. Ad-
' dress, with reference, box 2778. Call. " .
Ton^ . ' : - ; -'"".- yY~~-
OIL tanks, ; second hand. . in good order; all'
\: sizes; cheap. H.iS.' WHITE. 516 Mission st.
;■>-.•' : ; ; ;:, ..:..; printing. . :: -■■■.
;i000 CARDS. $1; good stock, latest type;: If you
• , see -«ur samples and get our prices you will
give us; your work. Odell Printing Co., 7a
'■• Fourth 'st ■ " . " " • .-■,
''"-•- ',*L !,-,'-' : I'- r^ ! .?'-^* >NA " 1< -' : ' : - "vt"-' ---7
ABOUT fyour hair— To restore gray" and faded
i hair s, to • natural- color, cure dandruff, stop
'.'-falling and grow new hair. 1 The Star Hair
Remedy is superior" to all other ton' cs and
' ~ restoratives. - It is dean and healthful, ,is not
I gummy or sticky; no grease, no stain; never
'fails. Sold by druggists, : hairdressers or our
office. 385 Gear>. St., The Star Remedy Co.
HAIR < growers, restorers, I pomades, ton'.cs.
germ killers, -singeing— you 1 tried > all, yet
hair gray, falling, scalp. scaly. Itching; you're
disgusted. -Send stamp for cause, curs, ques-
tions, ■ etc Remedies expressed; home treat-
ment Dr." Knester, , 1152 Franklin St., Oak-
• : land, the only-systematic course specialist;
Yr 35 years' experience. Don't call nights: .
EPILEPTIC patients will find .a select horned
1 good care: and scientific treatment, in the
• country home of an experienced physician;
the alace- situated at the foot of beautiful
Mt. Lowe is especiairy adapted to the health
and safety of. such, patients; referencss
given. For particulars address DR.' MEL-.
.TON, Altadena. Cal. - ■■» ■ ' : " - -
AKTiSTiU hairdressing. 25c. manicuring 23c.
gents' manicuring 60c. by experts; best hair
work at reasonable prices: baths, most ele-
gant in- city. 25c; our specialties, acalp treat-
ment and face massagi; Paul Beauty Cream
Me; headquarters fcr genuine Far.na Cologne;
dainty Russian tea served free to all visitors
at the BON-TON. 32» Post st.
AN elegant line of remnants ror'.sults" to ordei,
• $15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suit* on Install-
ments. Jl .weekly. L. LKMO.^J 117 Market
st. between Seventh »ml- Kighth. . -.:... .
REFINED .. widow, 29. wishes the acquaint-
ance of a gentleman of means; object matri-
mony.; references exchanged. Address box
2113, Call office. ■ • ■ ' «
WANTED for adoption, blonde baby girl. 6- tf.
12 months old; unusual opportunity; must be
healthy and attractive. DR. FUNKE, 1410
Eighth st., Alameda. ." u ■
FACE massage, complexion bsautl'ying; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; super-
fluous hair, moles, etc., renmvefl by electric
needle. MME. ZEPHEY, 1258 California, st
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia. or gout: prlca
$2 60 per -bottle. For circulars. Plnus Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia st. S. F.; tel. Church 157'.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Tihrd et.. near Market: 700 rooms:
2Sc to « 60 per night: $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style ami
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
. Domestic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth..
RAG carpets wave to order and for sale: also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer Ui
carpet twine, In tank "or- chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 700 Fifth, Oakland.
AN American business man, 40 years, fair in-
come, would' like to meet a' refined, respect-
able lady of suitable age; object," matrimony.
Box 2102. Call office. ' . *■
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment:
i no, knife, plaster or pnln: book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-second St., N. Y. ■»
FOR New Year^ — Send 50c In • stamps for
'beautiful poems, dedicated to ex-Queen of
Hawaii: most Interesting English; postpaid.
Box 2111, Call office.
MME. FISHER'S complexion; preparations are
. not cosmetitfJ. as they do not cover up blem-
ishes but are cleansers and foods. ' 002%
Ellis st. • ,• -..,-■.
ALL hair and scalp diseases cured; hair grown;
gray restored ; dandruff cured; shampooing
[ unexcelled. Mrs. E. R. Dunlap. 3t ■ Kearny.
HAIRDRESSING. manicuring and massage. ,
scalp treatment; course $5. 2 weeks; positions
Becured. Murphy bldg.. 1230 Market, rm. 91.
MARRIAGE paper, containing hundreds "per-
' Bonal" advertisements . marriageable people,
'many rich, mailed free.J.W.Gnnnels. Toledo.O.
THE latest and best things in ladles' ready to
wear garments, tailor-made suits, skirts, on
Installments. at.C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 5th.
FOR the best lt-lr at cheapest prices, go to
LEDERER. Switches. $1. $1 50. $2; halr-
dresslng. 25c. . G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
RARE and "unique presents for the holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store. 118 Geary st. NAT
i RAPHAEL: novel tlea of every description. /
WHITE enameliron beds, single, three-quarter
.or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
. CO 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
GOLD Cure for drunkenness; sure remedy; tes-
tlmorrials.' MOOSER CO.. 1125 ,. Geary st
SUPERFLUOUS hair" and moles destroyed with
electric needle. : ' MI.- S EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you arel&Id call on
Dr.G.S.Moore. 832 O'Farrell; send for circular.
Mrs Brings— Superfluous I hair,, 'moles removed
by electric; needle.. 968, Sutter; tel.-Larkln 3171.
MASQUERADE coptumes. play" books. '-wig*;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mrkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's theatri-
cal COStumer, 26 O'Farrell; country prders. ',
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN 'PAINT.
-. (he. bept corn: cure; 2iic; all- druggists.
ALFRKDUMS Egyptian .Henna: restores gray
hair to Its .natural color: $1: at: all druggists.
500. MEN wanted 'to 'order suits for Jl per week.
NKUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny sf
TAILOR-MADE *uit»:-:J7 W; dress pants. $2 5J.
• MI.'Rt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The" Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent .to any address in th>
United States or Canada one vear for (1,
poptafp paid. ..: ' ..
PALMISTRY.
SCIENTIFIC- hand nnd life reading; horoscope
cast; MME, ARVA PONTIS from College <1e
Chartres. ' France. Consultation free. ' 093
Market st" , ■ ■ ■• L
MISS LEMPP, palmist; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p.
. m. ; Sundays by app't. 2247 Mission, nr. 18th.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, sclentinc palmist, 515
Taylor st. bet: Geary and Post; tel. Blacl: 501.
NEERGAARD. president St. Germain Colle.ee.
reads from 1 to 4. 700 Prut: phone Hyde 23O3.
PAtXTEnS ASH nKCORATORS.
• ROOMS papered from ■%' up; whitening - done.
Hartmnn Paint Co., 3H Third: tel. Red 3521.
PATENTS AND PEXSIOXS.
PENSION advice free; general . practitioner.
Geo.' D. Campbell, lawyer, Examiner bldg.
PLANING AND TURNING miLLf?..
\\ OUt» and Ivory 'Turning.- Planing. Shaplnic
■ nd Pnwlne rARI, F HAAS 9.", Fremont «t.
rHYSICIAKS' AXD SUKGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 Market et. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor. s successfully
treats all - diseanes of the human body:- see
I testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor: sanitarium,
7C4-7PS Clay et. ; Bee testimonials at office.
. MIOPERTV WAXTED.
WANTED — Cheap- lots for cash In Gift Map
- No. 3. Box 2730,- Call. '--....
, '" RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RtTpTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
■ RIUM. 120« Market Bt. ; treatment free: only
■ Invention in th» world thdt will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country- ..PACIFIC .COLLECTION
' CO.. 415 Montgomery st'.rooms 0-10; tel. 55S0.
,\. WEEK'S news for S rents-The Weekly Call;
16 pagep. In wrapper for mailing. II per vear.
SEWING. MACHINES AND :SUPPL,IES^
ALL kinds bought sold, rented,' exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought,' sold, rented, exchange; re-
■ pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 Cth.
" STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
, of flee Post and. Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 8-10 Mis-
sion St.; tel: Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
I pany, 2320 Fillmore st: ; phone Jackson 281.
BFKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st:
. . tel. Main. 1840;. shipping ctt cut rates.
'n'PEWRITCUS AKD SUPPLIES;
GREAT BARGAINS~TN'TYPEWRlTERS^We
kcII better machines for less money than any
■ house In. the city; rentals, $:$; The Typewriter
Exchange, 5."JU California; telephone Main 2U(>.
■WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection .'Co,— Expert
' typewriter doctors ;esttmate free. 209 Sansome.
r , ; >bivibEND. NOTICES.
i FOUR^Oir^Comp^ny — Dividend NoT~5 wUl~^e
• payable -December' 10, - 1901, at the office of
the secretary, , room '23, .third floor. Mills
■ : b.n:ldlng.-'- CHARLK3 MUSAU8. Secretary.
, •■■■■.'■•■ LEUAL AUk HU I l»E.«lif.N'l j.
NOTICE— The grocery business .'carried on by
the Enterprise Rochdale Company at No.- 1Cj8
-Seventh -st. Oakland, has bicn sold and
-transferred to CAPTAIN W. T. j SHORE Y.
r who Is ' now - the : proprietor : . thereof. ■- ■' Dated
■ December 12, ; 1901, :. '■ -.. : -; . -.- •-■' -■ '"■
"BUSINESS Men's I^egal Bureau." consulu-
! tjon. free; In bankruptcy \ and divorce proceed-
( ings' parties not ..required-, to jgn -intn icnurt.
; ' Rocm 611. Examiner bids, r, phone Black 260-1.
REAL." EgTATE— CITT— FOR . SALE.
G,,H.UMBSEN & CO., v " "
• . • U MONTGOMERY ST.
REAL ESTATE.
$15,000— Rents $105 per month; Sahsonie-st.
" .-corner; a substantial brick building
- of 45 rooms under lease and rented es
j a hotel; tenant pays water and makes
all repairs. V
$10,500— Rents $75 per month; Hyde-st. corner;
. - 3 bay-window houses- of 7 rojms an-i
" '" ' bath, and cottage of 4 rooms and batn;
- " - ■ . all m perfect order and steadily reni-
■ : ed; 48x70:9. . / .
$7,500 — Rents' $70 per month; a choice NE.
■ . corner on . Twenty-fifth st. ; new Im-
provements consist of 3 flats, also store
> and one flat adjoining; 25x101.
$7,500— Valencia st. close to junction of Mar-
V. ket, and Valencia, sts.; this property is
I ':-\ : -'.' bound to enhance In value; store and
I ' . 2 flats; 30x80.
$7,250 — Rents $68 per month; Howard St.. near
■ Twelfth; 3 bay-window flats of 7, 7, «S
■ * - • . rooms and bath each ; 25x137.
5.E0O— Rents $42 per month ; Devlsadiro st,
near Halght; 2 bay-yindow flau; must
be sold in order to close an estate;
" 25xlOQ. -
$4250— Rents $36 50 per month: Twenty-
fqurth st. ; substantial building con-
sists of store and two flats ■with drlve-
. - way and stable In rear; 26x114.
$3,600 — Rents $35 -per month; close, to Market
and Sixth; 4 tenements of 5-3 room*
each; 23x80. •
$3,500— Rents $38; Clara St.; 3 well-built flats
,- of 4-4-tt rooms each; in good order and
steadily rented. t . „'
$3, 1C0— Ellis st. near Ssott; 2 cottages of 3
rooms each; a nice lot to Improve with
elegant flats; 30x75. .
$3,100— Rents $48 per month; near Sixth and
Folsom sts.; G flats of 4 rooms each;
brick foundation, etc; 25x75.
$2,700— Rents $24 per month; near Howard
■ and Fourteenth sts. ; 2 flats of 4 rooms
each; 30x75...
$2, GOO — Rents $38 per month: Harrison st,
.- .-.; - ' near -Seventh; 6 flats of 3 rooms each;
. . 25x80. •: ! ,. ..
Send for our Real«Estate Record, containing
a list of properties for Bale In all parts of th«
city. ■ " ■ > . ' . ■ :
! Latest Pocket Map of. San Francisco. 25c.
t G H, UMBSEN & CO..
• • 14 Montgomery st
MADISON & BURKE,
'Established. January. 1S58. ,
' . . REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.,
. «2tt Market at..' Qpp.. Palace-, Hotel.
• Choice piece business: property on Kearny,
near Market Bt., paying U per cent on asking
prlce : ■ , .. • • ''
Sacramento st. — Two modern flats, near Fill-
more; lot 25x127; price $0800. ;-;.;- ..
$0750— Grove st, near Webster; 4 flats; rents
$72 per month; lot 33x82:6.
$6250 — Clay st. near Buchanan; 9 rooms aad
bath; in good order; 27:2x127:8.
$3500 — Flats on Pleasant st, near Taylor;
rentfng for. $12 per month; this property la In
good order and Is always ■ rented.
$12,000 — Rents $1116 per annum; 6 good bay-
window flats and lot 39:6x97:U; inside property.
$9750 — Pays $864 per annum; 4 good flats and
large lot In good renting, locality. Western Ad-
dition. • .
$25,000— Downtov.-n corner; on Post st.; stores
and. lodging-house. , ■_
$5250— Rents $000 per annum ;" Woodward
ave., near Fifteenth and Valencia sts.; 4 flats;
lot . ..
'$."5S00 — Very cheap corner; Church and Valley
I sts.; store and flats; rents $3B; only $3800.
$3500— Two flats; Clinton Park, near Dolores
st; rent $340 per year.
$3'JC0 — A nice sunny home; north line Bush
st., near Devlsadero; 7 rooms and bath; lot
2-1x137:0.
$3500— Twenty-Btxth st; near Castro; 2 flats;
rents $27; lot 25x114.
$3400— Jones st, near Jackson; 2 flats; rents
$30 per month; 35xC2:6. - •
$2750— Sanchez St., NW. corner Jersey; cot-
tage of 4 rooms; lot 30x100. " ■
$2000 — Nice cottage home on Nineteenth at.
near Eureka; modern, 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x75. , ' •
$ tCOO^— Valencia st., near Twenty-fifth; partly
Improved; 3(5x90 to an alley.
$650O~Seventeenth st.'near Dolores; •* flats;
rents: $19; lot 30:Ux57:«; offered low to force
sale. • . MADISON & BURKE,
■-'■■• 62tt Market at.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market, opp. Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors..
$7C,00O — Reduced ,trom $S0, 000; corner, 75x75
. feet, within- one-third block of Market
' ' ** st. and close to Hlbernla Bank; stores
and lodging-house; best Investment off
Market st. ; must be sold.
$60,000 — Corner 4SxS2 :«; first corner facing
Market st. north; sold for $12,500 20
. 1 years ago; want offer.
$60,000 — Gore corner; brick building; 8 stores
and lutl rooms; bank mortgage $50,-
(MH>; rents $40O; can easily be Increased
to 8500. , ■ .
$55,CG0 — Half block, from Orpheum; one block
from proposed Crocker Hotel and new
Flood building; stores and lodging-
house., •
$40,000^ — Geary-st. corner; lot 87:6x137:6; very
. . substantial improvements; rents $255;
pays 7 per cent net.
$35,000 — Turk st.; one block from Market St.;
store and 16 rooms above; this la. a
- splendid buy. -
$30,000 — tddy st, near Jones; 48 ft frontage;
frame Improvements; this is a quick
seller. " ■ '
$27,500 — Business corner; best location In West-
- ern Addition; - store and flats; rents
$200. ,
$23,000— McAllister st bargain; 82:Gxl20; only
partly improved; rents $131.
$10,500 — Panhandle corner; two new build-
ings: rents $142; lot 37x115.
$15,000 — Leavenworth' st. investment; 57 feet
front; rents $105; always rented.
$12,750 — New Van Ness ave. flats; rents $125; a
safe buy. . . • :
$11,500 — Ellis st corner; stores and flats; -3
■ frontages; lot 37:6x87:0 feet; rents $95.
$9500 — Rents $103; lot 50x80; downtown In-
vestment. .:
. $4950— Two modern flats; only one-half block
from Market st; rents $40; cob; near-
ly ?7600. . :
$3600— Flats vicinity Third and Howard sts.;
rents $46 50; mortgage $1700 can re-
• \ main. -.. -- • _ ■ -
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
FOR sale or for rei.tr-New 2-story house on
4ath ave., Ocean boulevard, 2 blocks south of
boulevard; a fine profitable place for a hotel.
$250— Lot3 on 2i'd and View aves.; street
graded. ' ...->, . ■• .. • v .
?1£O — Lots on Lincoln ave., Heyman Tract.
$50 — Alvln Tract lots, . 25x125, Elmhum H.
R. station: five -cents fare from Oakland; 50c
dawn, COc monthly; rich soil.
$250— House, and two lots B0xlT5, Alvlh
Tract: $10 down, $2 00 monthly.
25x100-^-1 lot left, fronting Ocean boulevard
near station. ,..-■• ■■ _ •
$1800 — Modern 6-room and bath houses op-
posite terminus Valencia and Mission sts. -
easy terms. ,
$150— Lots Sari Jose ave.. fronting San Ma-
teo electric, car: $5 down, $1 monthly.
$150 — Lots near 29th st. Buena Vista: $5
-down, 1 $1 .monthly. '."..'.
$450 — Lots Arlington st. ; " graded and sew-
ered. 1 • ' ■ ••.. . : --
$450— Cor. 50x100; Ocean View; street grad-
ed; $10 down, $2 60 monthly. , >.,
$550 each — Lots west side 11th ave.. between
J and K sts.. Sunset District; $25 down, $5
monthly. ' ' " ■■<■' .-'.
$700 — SW. cor. 12th ave. and K St. Sunset
District; $50 down, $10 monthly. - -
$125— Lots 25x100, Excelsior Homestead; $1
down, $1 monthly. ■ ' . ■
$150 — Lots Silver ave., near San Bruno cars;
$5 down, $t monthly.
$250 — Near 18th st.:- San Mateo cars;' $5
down, $2 monthly. -'_-." y ■
$250— Lots on 29th, near Diamond st. ; $1
down, Jl'monthlft ."* ."
x ■■■-•:- ' JACOB HEYMAN,
' . ''•■'■ --:■;/' 117 Sutter st
THE PLAIN' TRUTH TELLS.
-My neighbor Is rich; their children are riding
in carriages, but we -are poor. Why? Their
father . bought sand ! lota near the Park for
$100, worth now. $-1000. . . .
History repeats Itself; I am offering san-3
lots . near Park. Sunset . District, for $100, $1
down* $1 monthly.; call for diagram. : ■ .
• JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter St.
HAWKS & SKELTON.' '.. . •• "
Rents Collected and Entire Charse Takan
'. . . of Property. ...
'$7500 — Scott st., near Un»r>n,i fln?. bay view;
modern, 8 rooms and attic: Scott st. improving
fast from Pacific. .-.•'- ' .»•-■->-•
$6250— Octavia, near Broadway; .modern
house, 8 rooms; fine bay view; good neighbor-
hood. ' ".'-.■ '.".:. ■ . . ' '
$ll,0C0 — New flats: Bro.derlck, " near Grove:
6-8-7 rooms; rents $1175 per -annum.
$15,000 — SW. cor. Leavenworth and Green
sts. : 137x137 ; gocd house; superb view; easy
approach from Hyde or i Union st cars.
> $COfl(P— Valencla-st. Investment ; 2 - houses. 7
rortma each; rents $45 per month: cheap.
S27C0— Pays biir Interest: Zoe st., near
Third. and Bryant: rents $3C0 per annum; in
rood repair. . ■ ... .7- .
$5C00— Lot' W. Polk,; N. of Union; 60x100;
very fine bay view."* • ,'-~ '■ ■ •
$:{100— I-ot. on south >lde. of -Chestnut St.,
west of Hyde; 27:6x110: fine view of bay.' - .
$6500 — Lot NW. corner Hyde and •Gilbert
sta.; eOxlS": fine site, for buildintr and every
room sunny; good view south; also • view* of
Golden Gats from upper floor.* •*.■.*->
$3C00— Lot Jn Phtrero: cor. Vermont and
Eighteenth: HOxlCO: street graded and sew-
ered. • .-..>■■•
, HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
$6250— 2fi HILL "st." nr. I Valencia; 1 12 rooms,
' bath, finished basement; lot 25x114.
$45C0— 423 Lombard st: 2 flats, 11 rooms, bath;
-modern: lot 25x90 to rear street.
$7000 — Lombard st. ; .4 flat*: all modern; lot
40x00. PATTKRSON- & CO..
11 City Hall square.
FOR SALE— Sacrifice; handsome flats: Mission
• warm belt; choice location. "Owner, box 2732,
Call office. '
REAL ESTATE — -CITY— FOB SAL2B.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery street
$2.250 — Dolores, near 15th st; best and cheap,
j eat building lots In town; extra c.eey:
size 23xl5O. ,
$0,000 — Rents $!xso per year; northwest cornet
on Bryant St.; size 75x75; store and
flats; all la ftrst-class order through-
' - out •
$300 — A bargain in a lot for a home; adjoin-
ing lots sold $750 each; Elizabett st,
near Diamond.
$2,100— Cheap; cottage of S rooms and l>ath;
lot 25:3x120; 4th ave., near Point
Lobos.
$7,000— Vallejo St., corner Montgomery; la: Mx
J ' SO; 2 houses and 2 flats. --
$3,750 — Rents $33 per month; Hats 8 rooms and
bath; driveway and stable; lot 2l>xS0;
Klsling st, near 12th and Howanl.
$6,500— Russ st. near Howard and 6th; lot
30x100; house 18 rooms. 2 baths, eto.
$10,500^-Taylor st., corner Greenwich; lot aOx
90; frame buildings.
$5,500 — Howard st, north side, near 7th; lot
25x1)0; Improvements rent $JA per
month. . . • t
CHOICE LOTS FOR 'FLATS.
$1,600 — Waller, near Shrader and the Par! en-
trance; 22x137 :tf.
$2,250— Stanyan. near Frederick, faces th«
- Park; 25xl0tt:3; only lot left.
$.1,500 — SE." .cor. of Green and Gough; 2SjJ00.
$^0,000 — Extra large lot, 40x105; 3 substantial
buildings renting for $115 per month;
splendid site for apartment house; aeax
Sutter and Mason.
$9,500 — Rents $S6 per month and can be In-
creased; building in first-class oxder;
separate flats; Sacramento- st, aear
Hyde; Urge lot, 85x137 :6.'*
$19,000 — Rents $17U per month; 3 new rnoiern
flats of 7. 7, 10 rooms and bath each;
lot 27:6x137:6; Nob H1U. Calif ornU «t
$11,000— Large residence of. 12 rooms and t>ath.
easily converted Into flats at outlay of
$4000; would rent for $1920 per an-
num; lot 30x137 :o; Bush st.
$1.8aO — Turk St.. near Baker; cottage of four
rooms and basement. - -
$3.500 — Folsom st; 2-story building, ston be-
low, fiat above; 7 rooms; vlclnltf of
4th st.; rents $25.
$3,250 — Three-story and basement butlUng:
- - store and 4 rooms, 2 flats above, rear
house of 2 flats; lot 23x137:6; rent»
$63 BO. month; 8th st., sot far from
3£&rKct, - ,
$3,600— Four separate flats tn splendid oondl-
. . , tlon; vicinity of Folsom and 8th sts.;
lot 27x75; all rented; rents $39 per mo.
Send to our office for "Buyer and Seller."
containing full list of Improved and unim-
proved properties for sale; mailed frea.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st
CREAM OF PARK LOTS
..-..In blocks fronting' Golden Gate Par!c...
Opposite 18th ave. Boulevard Park Eatranca
On H and I sts, and
17th, 18th, 19th and 20th avea
Streets and Lots
....On Official Grades. Macadamized,- ate....
1 All Ready to Build On •
Water! Gas! Welsbach Street Lights! Plank
....Sidewalks! Excellent Car Faculties!....
The Better Class of Residences In Sunset Dlst
' ..Low Prices Bound to Increase tn Valua..'
..These Lots Have No Equal........
Your own terms, small first payment, balance
..$10 monthly installments; Interest only 8..
PerCent
For diagrams and prices call at our branch of-
fice (open week days, Sundays and holidays),
corner H st. and Ninth ave., south of Park. -
Horse and buggy at your disposal.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery t.
BOVEE. TOY & SONXTAQv"
REAL ESTATE AGI1NTS-
Housea . Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 MARKET ST.
$10,250 — Devlsadero Bt., near Page; 2 upper
flats containing 8 and 9 rooms and oath; rent
for $75 per month; lot 25x100 feet.
$13,000 — Choice 3-story house containing 12
rooms and bath; north line of Mission St.. close
to Sixth; lot 25x85 feet; rented for $55 per
month; rent low.
$13.000 — 6 flats on Grove st, near Franklin:
lot 27:6x120 feet; rents for $131 50 per month.
$12,000— Sacramento St., near Scott; modern
2-story residence containing 9 rooms aad bath;
lot 50x127:6 feet.
$11,000— Eddy st. near Laguna; 2 flaa and
2 rear houses; lot 25:9x120 feet through to rear
street: rents for $78 50 per month.
$10.000 — Choice residence of 12 rooms and 2 '
baths; lot 26:10^x127 :SH feet; on the north
line of Clay st, near Walnut.
$7500— Choice 12-room residence on th« north
line of Washington st, near Fillmore; rented
for $60 per month.
$6750 — Pierce st, near Halght; 2 Modern
flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath; lot 23x10(1 :J
feet; rents for $55 per month.
$0730 — Two flats on Grove St.. near Lnguna;
lot 25x120 feet; rents for $50 per month.
$4000 — Choice residence on 20th st., near
Valencia, containing 6 rooms and bath.
$3250— Lot 60x137:6 feet on McAllister St.,
near Lyon. • •
$3250 — Clara st. near Sixth; 2 flats; let 22:8
xSO feet; rents fer $28 per month.
$2800— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; large
attic and basement; lot 27x120 feet; Richmond
district, adjacent to three car lines.
$2250 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath: on
Twenty- third St.. near Douglass; lot 25x114
feet; $300 cash, balance on Installment.
* $1700— Diamond St., near Twenty-Iourttir cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath.
$700— Choice SE. cornsr In illssfon dlitrlct;
lot 28x100 feet.
$C50 — NE corner Eighteenth . ave. and Cali-
fornia st. ; size 28x100 feet.
- $4000 — Choice cottage. Twelfth ave.. near
Clement St.; fl rooms and bath; stable: modern
In every respect; lot 50x126. : .
R. D. CRANSTON & SON.
2G— Third Floor— Mills Building.
$10.500— Rents $1176 per annum: 3 new flats.
7 rooms and bath each: latest Im-
provements; Panhandle district; tot
25x125.
$15,000^Corner Page and Cole. sts. ; 4 fine flats.
8, 7, 7. 7 rooms; modern; rents $14 Ii)
■'••'•■■" per annum; always rented.
$7/100 — Rents $C7 50; 2 modern flats, 6 and 7
rooms; east side, near Park; lot 2Sx
134. . " -
$6,500 — Rents $57 50: 2 modern Cats, 6 and 7
rooms; lot 25x106:3; Clayton, nr. Park.
$0,500 — Modern residence; large parlors, din-
ing-room, breakfast-room, 5 larga bed-
rooms, finished basement: lot 25x137:6.
$3,000 — Attractive modern residence. 10 rooms.
- bath, furnace, etc. ; near McAllister.
>4 500— "Snap"; modern bouse, 9 rooms, bath;
Key lot; 2 blocks from Park entrance.
$27,000— Market st; lot 33x124 through ta Ste-.
venson st.
$44.000 — Mission st.. between Fourth and Fifth;
C5 feet frontage". ■ '
$7.000 — Ashbury st.; choice neighborhood;
large lot 50x188:3.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Buying and Selling Bargains Is our Specialty.
$100 to $450 — Graded Ocean Boulevard. lots;
elegant view; selling fast; $5 -monthly.
$500 to $00O— Beautiful Sunset lots; utreeti
graded and sewered; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch ofnce. 9th ave.. near E st.
$400 to $800 — Choicest Richmond lots; $10
monthly. .■:'••••"'•■•. • '.V '.:?,.
$100 to $250— Level building lots near Ml»-
slon-st. electric cars; $5 monthly.
Modern cottages; splendid locations; all bar-
gains; easy terms.
' SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54, Chronicle bullClng.
GEO. A. RAYMOND,
Room 2. 7th floor. Mills /bulldln*.
Folsom st., bet. 1st and 2d; corner; 137: Cx
275; factory site; $SO,OCO.
Eddy st, flats, new and modern; ht"t"» t
rents $2160; $22,500.
Fillmore and Green; .corner; 68:9x37:6; ma-
rine view; $6250.
Washington, near Baker; 75x127:3%; bltu-
minlzed street; cement sidewalk; $10,000.
Clay, near Cherry, north side; lot 27:6x145;
$2750. . . .-•-.-
College Heights, south of Golden Gate- Park:
splendid views; Sne climate; lots $800 to $1100; -
easy terms. ■ ■ . «
Ross Valley Park — San Anselmo, Maria Co.;
lots $300 to $700.
CEO. A. RAYMOND. MlUs Pttildmg.
SUNNYSIDB. " ', "
$900 — 231 Joost ave.; nice 4-room cottarce; no
• payment down; monthly, payment Iil3 00; .
' same as rest. ' •
$1250 — 42 Circular are.; store and 8-room flat;
store- rents for $8 per month; small pay-
ment down, balance same as rent.
$1250 — 6-room house, bath. ete. ; large base-
.- - rr.ent: rents for $12; $250 cash, balance
$14 a month.
$1000—220 Chapultepec, near 29th and Mls-
- ston; this la a bargain; no payment
-. . down: $14 a month.
$050 — 1819 16th ave.; new house, 4 rooms;
small payment down, balance same as
rent
?22C0— 3508 Mission St.; store and IMng rooms:
small payment down, balance same as
...... rent • - ■ ■ ' ;
A. RTJPELL, 222 Sansomn st.
WRIGHT & EWELL,
Real Estate and Financial Agents. . »
Loans, Insurance. 316 Montgomery st.
$42,000 — A . prominent corner on Larkln st :
size 70x87:6: leased; pays over 7 per
cent' net.
$110,000 — Splendid investment on Geary st.,
close in; says over $300 month.
$C5,CC0 — Prominent comer on Sutter r.., not '
. ■-'* r. ..-. fax from Kearny.
$60.000— Mission St., near Beale: within 1
block of new railroad offices: pays
ever B per cent.
. $7,250— Shrader st.. near Waller; lot 27:6x
10T>, with 2 flats; renting for $05 per
-' month.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS DISTRICT.
Beautiful building lots; south side of Jackson.
jStCOO— ;SEW, modern." up-to-date flats. 6 and. 7
rooms an.1 bath; on Page st.. between Ash-
bury and Masonic: lot 25x112:6 feet; rents
$62 CO per month; well rented: agents need
not apply. Address box 2780. Call.
J12C0 — COTTAGE 4 rooms and bath; see owner
on p!ace. 1622 Tenth ave.. Sunset District,
For Additional Classified Advertise- .
ments See Page Fifty-Eight.
5758
REAIL^ESTATE—^TY-— FOIjt. SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
628 Xu-ket Street
AUCTIOK'J'
AUCTION^
auction!
TUESDAY ,.r*c«mber 17, 1801
At Our Salesroom, 63S Market Street,
At 12 O'clock Noon.
SECOND ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
Northeast side of Second St., 137:6 southeast
of Brannan— Improvements consist of 12 flats of
5, 6 rooms and a grocery on Second st: also 18
" cottages of 4 rooms each on Rincon ave. ; rents
SSSSS per annum; large lot 127:6x255 feet
through to Japan st
HAIGHT ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
South side (Nos. 135-127) Haight at, 37:6
feet east of Laguna— Two fine substantial
houses of 6, 9 rooms and bath each; rents $72 SO
per month; lot 60x87:6.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
North Bide (Nos. 78-78%) Elliott Park. 440 feet
west of Stelner st, and between Geary and
tyFarrell sts— Two nice flats of 4. 6 rooms and
bath; rents $23 per month; lot 22x70 feet
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southeast aide (Nos. 925-9254) Natoma st, 125
feet northeast of Eleventh— Two front flats, 4,
6 rooms and bath, and a rear cottage, 4 rooma;
rents $35 per month; lot 25x75 feet. '.
POINT LOBOS AVE. INVESTMENT.
North Bide (318-320-322) Point Lobos ave., 89:2
feet west of Wood St.— Two good flats, E rooms
and bath each and a two-story house, 6 rooms
and bath; mortgage of {3000 can remain at 6 per
cent; lot E0x£l_! feet.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
South Bide (No. S25) Haight Bt. 125 feet west
of Devlsadero— An imposing, well-built house
of 7 rooms and bath and basement; cement
walk; lot 23x0-7:6 feet.
MISSION HOJ__,
North side (No. 4538) Army it, 210 feet west
of Diamond— A well-built house, 4 rooms; also
stable; S stalls, loft well, windmlU and tank;
rent $11; large lot. UOxlM feet.
MISSION FLATS.
West Bide (I486) of Dolorea Bt, 76:8 feet north
of 2Sth— Two well-built fiats of 5, 6 rooms;
rents $30 per month; lot 25x100 feet
CITY LAND ASSOCIATION LOTS.
South siSe of Oarfleld «t, 75 feet west of
R_l_ton— Two lota, 25x100 feet
CHOICE SUNNYEIDE XOTS. '
Southwest corner SunnyElde ave. and Baden
et. also south side of Sunnyslde ave., 75 feet
west of Baden Bt— Three lots, 25x100 feet each.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
€28 Market st
EASTON. E_DEIDGE & CO..
638 Market st
J-odera Western Addition Flat* "v-'« -
""14,000 — Just finished; three modem flats, 7
' rooms and bath; rents $112 BO per
month; best pert of Western Addition;
15 minutes' walk from Kearny and
Market eta.; lot 27:6x100 feet.
Kesr First and Mission Streets.
$8,000 — Five flats, 4, 7 rooms each; rents $50
per mon th; in the center of the manu-
facturing- district; largo lot, 39x80
feet (
_tlss!o& Investment
£8,000 — Two stores with 8 rooms each and 2
fiats of 6 rooms and bath; also stable
of 6 stalls; on Mission et. ; two front-
ages; large lot S5xll5 feet; rents $552
per annum.
Western Addition Residence.
(5,500 — A substantial well built house, 10
rooms and bath, with an 8-foot base-
ment; marine view; on Green St., near
Laguna; lot 25x100 feet.
Modern Cottage.
$3,250 — On Jackson st., near Leavenworth;
nice cottage. 4 rooms, porcelain bath,
and 3 rooms in basement; patent
toilet; cement sidewalk; street bitu-
mlnized.
Mission Warm Belt Flats.
$5,S00 — Pays $720 per annum;, four nice ap-
pe&rlns bay window flatm. 4 rooms and
bath each; large lot S2:6_115 feet;
near £4th and Mission sts.
Cozy Cottage.-
$2,000— A sunny cottage, 6 rooms and bath,
on one of the best streets in the Mis-
sion; cars pass the door; large lot
. 25jllxll4 feet
Bargains In Lots. ■-.•;•'■
$6,000 — Page st, near Ashbury: elegant site
for flats: large lot. 50x137:- feet; will
subdivide.
$4,000 — Laguna Et, near Pine; -2:6x80 feet
$2,100 — Green st, near Laguna; marine view;
25x100 feet. .f.'-y. ; :
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
VON RHEEM REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
<r 513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$16,500 — Turk, near Jones; 27:6x137:6; two
2-etory houses.
$10,000— Noe, nr. 17th; 50x95; 4 flats; rents
$72 50.
$8250 — Hayes, near Buchanan; 27x05; 3 fiats;
rents $67.
$5000 — Union place, near Green; 20x58:9; two
houses; rests $4L
55000 — Leai-enworth, near Union; 25x112:6; 3
new flats; rents $47.
$4750 — Mason, near Sacramento; fiats; rents
f 41 50.
$4500 — Union, near Jones; 22:6x120 to rear
street; residence of 7 rooms and bath.
$-500 — Corner Twenty-sixth and Capp; 30x65;
2 houses; rents $31. •
$4250 — Fell, near Devlsadero; 25x137:6; house
or 7 rooms and bath.
$3000 — Scott place, near Broadway; 25x56; 6
flats; rents $38.
UNIMPROVED. . a
California- nr. Webster; 3 lots, each 25x137:6.
$9500 — Corner Buchanan and Pine; 55x81:3.
$7000 — Buchanan, near Sutter; 50x137:6 — and
_, 25x50.
$5500 — Greenwich, near Taylor; 45:10x137:6.
$5000— Waller, near Webster; 50x120 to rear
street
$5000 — Capp et. near Twenty-fifth; 65x115.
Cor. Nineteenth ave. and Clement st.; 200x
120.
$4000 — Corner Jones and Filbert sts. ; 25x70.
$3500 — Fulton et. near Flllmore; 32:6x137:6.
Point Lobos, near 22d ave.; 53:4x100.
Corner 25th and Point Lobos; 48:6x100.
$2250 — Union 6t. near Webster; 34:4%xl37:6.
$1250 each — Polk St., near Chestnut; 3 lots
27:6x87:6.
S1000 — Sanche-, near Eighteenth; 25x105.
$85 a front foot— Mission, nr. Twenty-eighth
400 lots. $200 to $400; terms easy; electric
road passea. .-;■-■ i,
McAFEE BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery st,
San Francisco.
-.. PRESIDIO HEIGHTS. ™ aclBCO *
A fine key lot on Spruce Et, near "Washing-
ton: commands marine view; size 27:8*£xl37-6*
price $3500.
FOR A DOCTOR.
Modern house of 9 rooms on Pine st, near
Pierce; lot with stable and driveway; price
f'OOO.
McAllister st.
Lot on McAllister st, near Devlsadero; 27:6x
137:6; price $3250.
HEW FLATS.
In AEhbury Heights, 7 and 9 rooms; all lat-
est modern improvements; rents $60; lot 25x
' ' MISSION FLATS.
. Two flats of S and fl rooms on Bartlett st
near 21st; rents $42 60; price $5100.
ON VALLEJO ST.
VaJleJo et., between Webster and Buchanan;
eplendld modern home, almost new, of 0 rooms
and bath and basement f commands a beautiful
marine view; ©rice $13,500.
-. PANHANDLE DISTRICT.
Three new flats. Ju-t completed, of 1 rooms
SCOTT ST.
to _r 'jSSse ?s£%s3? McAuteter «-* ™-
• CHEAP LOT.
in^i/^W,,^ Pref i ldIt > Height.; lot 25x
102.S-4: only gg^i^wgg small flats.
Send for our plats of Richmond lots; sold on
av^ilxiwl'o-iy 1^ Callfornla ■*- *«* ™
" ' in. w McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery et. San Francisco.
POINT RICHMOND LOTS
POINT RICHMOND LOTS.
SANTA FE TRACT.
_ Closest 'lot. to Santa Si'S^^St
houses.
Near the Immense works of the Standard Oil
Company.
, All lots level— Streets graded.'
All lots level — Streets graded.
Pricea low— Will rise rapidly.
Pricea low— Will rise rapidly.
$125 and up
$125 and up
$10 CASH— $5 MONTHLY.
810 CASH— $5 MONTHLY. -
| McEWEN- BROS., a 118_ Montgomery st,
ENAPS— ~~TT
$10,000— Rents $120. which can be increased-
large lot with L in the rear 75x70, and
main lot Clxl37:6: Improvements in
good order; must be sold at once- a.
bargain. —
$1,400 — Sold on account of mortgage; can be
bought cheap; cottage and lot 25x114;
Twenty-ninth at, near Noe; cars at
property.
$600 — 150x100; sold for absent owner, who
needs the money; well-located lot In
the Excelsior Homestead; Mlssion-st
cars.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st
FOR sale — Just the thing for a Xmas present:
new house of 6 rooms, bath and high base-
ment; up to date in every way; see it to-day.'
No. 1371 8th ave., between I and J sts. S.
S. REED, builder and owner.
3 COTTAGES, lot 61x117:6 to rear street : on
Fair Oaks, near Twenty-second. Apply 733
Guerrero Bt
REAL) . EJSTATE---CITY— - FOR SAL J^»
SHAINWALD, ~BUCKBEE ' & CO..
4 . . REAL ESTATE -AGENTS,
7.. • ■ .218-220 "Montgomery st
$9,250 — Northwest corner; Sacramento et. ;
flats, 7 and . 8 rooms and bath i each ;
latest 'in every way; lot 37:0x57 feet;
rents $75. • *" ■
$3,500— Jackson.. near Larkin; 23x137:6 feet
$16,000 — Business corner; Western Addition;
rents $127; four tenants; substantial
, ' improvements; lot 37:6x100 feet.
$2,000 each— Capp st., near Sixteenth; 2 lots,
25x105 feet each. . . *
$7,750 — Residence; Washington st, near Wal-
nut; 10 -rooms and. bath; lot 34:4%x
127:8%. y
$14,000 — Califcrnla-st residence; 2 stories and
-. .' basement; 15 rooms and 2 baths; lot
34:9x137:6 feet; fine view ofithe city.
$7,000 — A northwest corner in Western. Addl- '
tion, with residence of 11 rooms and
bath: lot 24:6x87:0 ■ feet: cheap.
$16,000 — Misslon-st. .investment; rent $130; sub-
stantial building,' stores and rooms
above; lot 50x122:6 feet .
$6,000— -Valencia st, corner Se\ r enteenth; lot
" 25x100 feet; Just the place for store
and flat* .
$4,600 — Valencia st, between Seventeenth, and
: Eighteenth;- 25x100 feet, or 2 lots at 1
eame rate.
$8,000 — Two-etory brick building downtown,
close to Montgomery st.; leased to one
tenant; $50 per month net; will pay
over 6 per cent ' \ .
$11,500 — Post st, sunny side, near Larkin; sub-
stantial 2-story house of 10 rooms and
bath; rent $60; lot 24:6x120 feet to
rear street. - - 1- V
$18,000 — California st, corner Franklin; beau-
tiful residence; lot 45x137:6 feet.
$13,600 — California st.. between Van Ness ave.
and Franklin st; lot 45x137:6 feet
$11,000 — Bush st, near Leavenworth; lot 30x
137:6 feet, with substantial 2-story
and finished basement house of 10
rooms and bath; this house could read-
. lly ' be changed into flats and ■ would
bring a large income; rents at present
$00.
$10,000 — Paciflo ave. ;. modern residence, 7 bed-
rooms, 2 baths; hardwood finish on
main floor. •
$7,600 — Oak st. near Market; 2 flats and cot-
_.«__ tage; rents $53; lot 27:6x120 feet.
$13,000— Turk st., near Jones; 2-Btory house, 8
rooms and bath; present rents nomi-
nal; lot 23x137:6 feet
$1,250 — Rents $18 monthly; $400 mortgage at
• 6 per cent can remain; couth of Market
st . Investment; close to Third and
Bryant sts. •
$3P,00O— Mission Bt, near Ninth; lot 40x100
- feet; church building on Mission st.
and 2 dwelling houses on Ninth.
$5,500 — Howard st, between ■ Twenty-second"
. . and Twenty-third; substantial resi-
dence of 9 rooms and bath; lot 25x
£—» 122:6 feet
$5,250 — Capp st; between Twenty-second and
Twenty- third; 2 modern flats of 6, 7
rooms and bath; lot 26:8x122:6 feet.
$7,600 — Jeckson St., near Maple;' modern resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 30x129
• feet; must be sold. \
$3,150— No. 8649 Twenty-first St., near Church;
modern artistic cottage of 7 rooms and
bath; large lot 60 feet front by 114
' feet; grand Mew of the city; a posi-
'■ __; tlve bargain; must be sold. —
$(,000 — Lyon st, near Page; modern and
well-built residence, 8 rooma and bath;
renting at present for $52; lot 25x100
feet - •
$5,000 — Nineteenth at, near Valencia; 2-story
frame dwelling- of 8 rooms and bath;
• lot 25x85 feet; mortgage $1500 can re-
main. . .
$12,500— NW. corner of Oak st, with store, flat
•Jjd *JP u j» e ' Pay" 1100 per month; lot
42:8x68:9 feet; near Market st : a
snap.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEB & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st.. Mills bldg.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON. ! ~
$2,500 — Rents $25: 2 flats. 4 rooms' andTbati
...„ each; near Geary and Stelner Bts.
{10,000— Rents $87 50; 3 new flats of 6, 6 and 7
rooms and bath: all the latest im-
_ provements; Panhandle district.
$2,000 — Rents $24; near Fclsom and Seventh
., ___ sts.; 3 flats; lot 25 feet frontage.
51,-00 — Fifteenth _t., bet. Noe and Castro; 2-4
x90; street accented; concrete side-
walk. .
$1,000— NE. cor. Fifteenth and»Castro: 24x90;
street bltuminized: concrete sidewalk.
$3,S00 — NE. cor. Folsom and Norfolk; 38x75-
„_ suitable for stores and flats.
$3,500 — Green st. near Leavenworth; finest
marine view in town; 2 lots and house.
$500— Cheap as dirt; corner lot in Rich-
mond: 50x120; with marine view.
$6.000 — Minna, near Third St.; house of 21
rooms; rents $60 per month.
$13,000— Howard, near Fourth et. ; rents $100
per month;- fine 3-story building. '■»
$2,000— Cheap lot on California Bt, near Ba-
ker; 24x100.
$10,000— Rents $2100 per annum; Eddy, near
Franklin; large lot; finest flats in the
dty.-
$1,800 each — Lots i on Sacramento st.,' near
Spruce; 25x127 each.
$12,000— McAllister et, north side; best busi-
ness block; 30x137:6; 3-story building;
rents ?00. ■ ■ ,
$6,000 — Handsome house of 9 rooms and bath
on funny Elde of Green St., near Eill-
morernne marine view.
$9,000— Rents $80; NW. corner on Bryant st;
store and flats; lot 75x75.
$16,000 — Howard st. near Fourth; 4-story and
basement - building containing stores
and lodging-house; rents $125; bank
mortgage of $9000 can remain; pays 14
per cent net on equity.
$2,000— New cottare of 5 rooms and porce-
lain bath on Fifteenth st., near Cas-
tro; lot 42x103; very cheap.
$9,000 — Rents $75 50; Folsom St., near Fifth;
2 -tore- and 2 flats of 6 rooms and
bath each; p.Iways rented; a good in-
vestment. .
$10,000— Hyde st, near Geary; 25x87:6; 2 nice
flats; rents $65.
$5,000 — Bush st... near Flllmore. north side;
27:6x77:6; 2 nice flats.
$7,500 — Larkin St.. near Washington: 3 flats,
6, 6 and 7 rooms and bath; rents
, {61-60; mortgage of $3500 can remain.
$2,600 — Bluxome st, near Fourth; 25x120;
cheap.
$3,000— Shipley, near Fourth; 3 flats; rents
- ?34^ . -
$8,000 — Very choice lot on Pacific ave., near
Laguna; 30x127:8; the cream of the
city.
$5,250 — Vallejo, north side, west of Fillmore;
34:4x137:6; finest marine view lot in
town. • -:- :■ -.
LYON & HOAG. '■•
114 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$1-0,500 — Three fine flats on Bush st. Inside of
Larkin, containing 6. 6 and 7 rooms,
bath, etc.. each; lot 27 feet front.
$5,125— Foleom st, near Twenty-second; 1 two.
two-story houses, containing 6 rooma
and bath each; rents $40; large lot
36X122:6.
$6,000 — Two new . bay-window flats on Belve-
dere et., close to the Park, containing
6 and 8 rooms, bath, etc., each; rented
low for $52; lot 25x121; mortgage of
$2500 can remain.
$1,050 — Very cheap cottage of 4 rooms on Val-
ley st, near Sanchez; rent $9; lot 25:8
xll4. » ■■" '
$5,125 — A good investment on Twenty-fifth at,
. .-; near Castro; extra large lot (75x114);
part of lot is vacant; improvements
consist of four flats; total rents $42.
$5,500 — Three-story brick building, corner of
Clay St.. and Parker alley, \ near Powell
containing 3 flats; total rents, $52; lot
27x90. • ■
$9,000 — A. fine buy on Post st. "east of Van
Ness ave. ; a 2-story residence of 10
rooms and bath ; lot 25x120 to rear
street; room for another building in
the rear.
Send for our complete printed list of property
for sale in all sections of the city. >
LYON & HOAG,
' 14 Montgomery st
ARTISTIC HOMES--' ~*
- COMMANDING GRAND VIEWS.
$3350 — Best houses ever offered for the money;
large sunny rooms;' all latest' conveniences;
big lots, .30x137:6; splendid neighborhood;
terms same as rent; open on Sunday for in-
spection; Filbert, bet. Broderick and Baker.
;.'.-.,.- ;.*--, . LYON & HOAG.
-.'"■•'-.-■ r 114 st.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO,. , ■'■tTS.s-.
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
$150.000 — Large corner, few- feet from Sixth
acd Market; pays well on old improvements.
$60,000 — Cheapest buy In town; 60-foot cor-
ner close to Market and Sixth; this is a snap.
LOOK AT THIS.
$5125 — Rent $60 50 a month; store and 2
flats ; close to Fourth s t .
* ANOTHER BIG BARGAIN!
$11,500— Pays $112 50 a month; 3 fine houses
and double lot; only half improved; on Fell St.,
not far from Market.
HOWARD-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$17,600— Reduced from $20,000; large lot;
well improved; leased to -one tenant for $100
and $125; clear of expense. i
\- GROCERY CORNER!
$18,500— Elegant 3-«tory corner building and
large lot; rented for $160 a month; can increase
to $180; fine Western Addition location.
BUILDERS. ATTENTION I
California at, .Near Polk.
$32,500— Rent now $190 a month; only partly
Improved: lot 75x146, with L 37x60; Just the lo-
cation for large ■ rooming house.
SIXTH-ST. BARGAIN!
$26,000— Store property on Sixth st; near
Mission^ lot 25x155 to rear street; never vacant;
rent $155; can be increased to $190 a month;
' BURNHAM & MARSH CO..-
' ' -■.■;. - ' - 20 Montgomery st
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
_ '- ■■■_.•_, -■••■<■' .-'■'•'■ EASY. TERMS.
we sre offering the NW. corner of Hayes
and. Flllmore sts. In subdivisions. 25 and 27-6
feet front; Ideal location for residence or flats.'
O.; H. UMBSEN & CO.,
.: '.- ■ ■ ,: . :. ,-.-'- 14 Montgomery st.
A SACRIFICE-^Cottage 4 rooms; modern Im-
provements; very easy terms. .Apply at Ston°-
man and Folsom sts. . -
HOUSE for ; sale, > cor. v Mission 1 and Twenty-
- second sts.,. to be removed: Apply at house.
THE SAN FRA^TGISCa CALIi, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901.
REAL ESTATE—CITY— FOR " SALE.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO. ,V ■? -
205 Montgomery Street, •■/.rr':
:v- .Opposite Mills * Building.
$1000 CASH, BALANCE 'AS RENT.
To be sold to j highest bidder I without : reserve;
. handsome Haight-st. residence of 6
rooms and bath, servants room and
basement; modern; up to date; sunny
side Haight St.; lot 25x110 ft. ; see
photograph in. Real Estate News of
the Bulletin.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
To liquidate : claims, debts, etc. ■ :'V ■■-
$4,000 — Rents $000; . large : lot " with five • flats
- . of 4 and 5 rooms; A 1 condition.'-;,";
• TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$11,000 — Two large well-built-- handsp/v-e resi-
— dences on north side: of q«< .of best
\ streets in "Western Addition ; lot 55x
110 feet; forced sale; big' bargain.
BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN HOME.
$500 cash, balance f 25 per month; new ele- !
• gant • modern cottage ' of- 6 rooms ■ and
bath; choice portion Western 1 Addi-
tion; light and sunny;: every modern
improvement; interest 6 "per cent on
payments.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
.$6,400 — Rents $792; 4 new modern flats of 4
. rooms and bath, . tiled mantels, porce-
lain tubs, etc. ;. bituminized street;
cement walk; Ellis street and Haight
street cars.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
$5,500 — Larga elegant modern residence of 10
rooms and bath; half block from Park
Panhandle ; terms ; IS' desired; every
modern Improvement ; bitumlnized st.
PAGE-STREET COTTAGE. '.
$4,500 — Handsome attractive cottage of .6
rooms and bath and basement;. porce-
lain bath, 2 tiled mantels, etc.; $2500;
] bank mortgage at (5 per cent; at a
sacrifice. - , '
SWAP IN THE MISSION.
$2,600 — Rents $312; 2 flats and cottage; close
to Sixteenth-street cars. - /
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery St.,
. Opposite ■ Mills Building.
$2750 — ON easy terms, will- secure you a new
modern cottage of 7 rooms; open nickel
plumbing; porcelain bath; near the south en-
trance to the Park and electric cars.,
$750 — Two lots. 25x108 each; near the
Park; on- sunny side of macadamized street;
a bargain. • • * v • •. ■ • ■ • - .-
J. S. JOHNSON. 630 Market st.
THE undersigned j calls the attention of those
who have property to dispose -of in the dis-
trict between 14th and: 26th sts., and on
streets between Sanchez and Howard, to sub-
mit propositions to sell. W. J. GUNN, 530
California fit. , .
IF you have spy property . to sell on Vallejo,
Green, 'Union,' Filbert or Lombard, west, of
Van Ness avenue, then call on the under-
signed. W.J. GUNN, 530 California st.
FOR SALE— As a whole or in subdivision!, 60-
vara lot, south line Union st;' 137:6 feet east
of Pierce.'. Lot, northeast corner Green and
Fierce sts., 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
S24 Montgomery st. . . . . -
FOR rent or sale — At Ocean View, in city lim-
its, thirty- two fine lots, with house of six
rooms; will sell or' rent very _ow. Address
box 2768, Call offlce. ".,'■-.;
2 CHOICE level lots, suitable for residence or
flats, close to Park Panhandle, to be offered
at a bargain, or will exchange. G. H. UMB-
SEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
$2750 — MUST be sold : new house,' 7 r. & b. :
sunny, modern ; 23 Cook Et. , nr. Point Lobos
ave. ;_ payment easy. Owner premises, 2-4.
A BARGAIN— Three lots In the Mission, $1000
each; situated on San Jose ave. and 27th st
Address box 2774. Call office.;- -.
$2600— 516 SEVENTH St., neat cottage, 6 rooms;
lot 25xS0. Apply DAVID STERN. 11 Mont-
gomery st.
A SNAP — Cottage 4 rooms: ter*.is same as pay-
ing rent; $1050. Apply SE. cor. Alabama and
Mon tea Im • sts. "--.-..
$1100— COTTAGE . near Mlssion-st. carhouse.
THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st . .
7 R. and bath ; Church st. : $2800.** THE MC-
CARTHY CO.. C4C Market St. -
SEW modern house 7 rooms, * large basement
and yard; sun all day. Cor. Waller and Por-
tola sts.. btt Pierce and Stelner. .
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Sale
yiNEYABJB,":" \ ■ , "~~~ ~
. \y-. Winery,
V- Distillery,
In Napa Co., •
' ■ '- : ■ v 1150 acres,
-\-' . 300 acres resistant vines.
400, 000-gallon cooperage, ..-,<■ •
:. Fine brick residence," 1 - s ".f.
'-■£■■. -. Price only $60,000.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco. ,,
THE CHOICEST BODY ■ , "
fit OF RECLAIMED MARSH LAND.
V, 3600 acres. ;
No waste soil. !
2800 acres under cultivation.
- - : Remainder will-be.
Net rental, $5 to $7 per acre.
-4-- - T .
One and one-half hours
From San Francisco
By rail or water.
~"or sale
As a whole
On easy terms.
A long lease might be given to desirable
parties. ' . » '
MCAFEE BROTHERS, *
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.,
_____________ .
o n f-ine-. heart * "
EL- CERRITO HIGHLANDS, -.^v -\
San Mateo.
Iu view of the great demand for building
sites in El Cerrito we have been instructed by
the Bowie Estate Company • to offer for sale
the choicest portions of the above property.
Maps showing locations and subdivisions to
be seen at our office: • • .
Terms one-third cash, balance in one and
two years. . • .
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St., : San Francisco.
_____________ ____ ___ ________
OR EXCHANGE.
■ — /
A highly Improved country home and vine-
yard property, situated adjoining the town of
Saratoga, Santa Clara Co., and consisting of 50
acres; there, are 30 acres planted to the, best
resistant vines grafted to choicest wine grapes;
a few acres, are in family orchard; the im-
provements consist of a large ' Ill-room modern
residence, with spring. water piped throughout;
the house Is surrounded by handsome grounds,
with lawns, flowers and shrubs; there are also
stables and other ranch buildings; the .house
sets on a sufficient elevation to . command a
beautiful view of the Santa Clara Valley; the
■wine industry Is assured good prices for years
to come and. wine grapes are selling for $25 to
$30 per ton, which makes a resistant vineyard
an investment • proposition; this ■ property is
worth your immediate - Investigation; \ price
$15,000. For full information call on or address
MCAFEE BROTHERS, *
108 Montgomery St., ■ San Francisco, Cal.
OIL LANDS, \< ~~. ~~~~~~ ~~~
" Near Sunset District, : . ". ' ", S-'scX-':' 1 ;
■Kern County California.
e000 acres.
For sale or exchange — 7-^ — Cheap
McAFEB BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco. • ;
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS.
SAN MATEO, ~~~T" .
FAIR OAKsT" . , -":-.
MENLO PARK..
PALO ALTO.
We have some beautiful villa sites and
homes in these beautiful places; also some
handsomely furnished houses for rent.
DAVID BUSH & SON. 10 Montgomery . st. ;.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS.' [ ~~~".
We desire to call the attention * of intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains In in-
come producing orchard," vineyard, ■« grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-
ures, that we have , for sale. ; Mr. Bush I having
had forty years' knowledge and experience of
the value of lands and being: the owner. of an
income-producing orchard and vineyard, can in-
telligently direct intending buyers to . the . best
lands and bargains in the State.
. DAVID BUSH & : SON,' 10 Montgomery at
CHEAP little . home in j town, Alameda County;
extensive poultry houses and yards ; house for
1000 pigeons; real estate," personal- property,
all for $700. Call 508 California st., » room 2.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN . FRANCISCO— —
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, . on ' Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco; is growing ".rapidly; location
best for poultry, and general farming. . Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and information. .'■•■":•■ ■
30- ACRE 5 ranch, , 2 '* miles ) Iroin. > railroad .town,
1 Alameda County; bouse, barn,- poultry houses,
etc.; plenty good water; price $2000 for quick
sale. H. H." CRANE, ■ 508 California St.. -j •
LADY ; desirous ', of '• having * medical ' attention
would sell little ranch • cheap « for cash. - Ad-
dress MRS. ' H. PLUMB, Napa. Cal. '
$4500 — 23 ACRES; .beautiful: home and fruit
farm; ■-• flrst-class ; . improvements;: personal
- property ; lfr acres ; In bearing orchard, balance
hay and* garden - land; 1 mile ; from ' depot;
. ■ near this city ; ' Alameda ; Gtounty ; ; this Us a
splendid ■ and well-kept • property.' H. H.
CRANE. 508 California st. ■■■;
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
$700— SNAP bargain > in " a fruit ' and' chicken
r ranch in Lake County, '1*><> miles from town;
10 acres rich . level land, all well . fenced, and
fronts on county^, road ; 7 % acres In bearing
orchard; * good , house, ■ barn, ' etc. C. F.
■;:.-, MOORE,' 935 Market st; room 6. ...
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list C. . R. WIKFIKLD. Petaluma.' Cal.
iilbA ADVERTISEMENTS.
..-- ; AXAMEPA REAL * ESTATE.
MODERN cottage of 7 rooms, near Park st.
station;, large lot;' $1850; easy terms.
Cottage of 6 rooms, ■ high basement, ' gas,
bath. etc. ; near Park st. station; easy terms;
$2000. — -; S- .
Modern cottage of 10 rooma, all on one floor;
large lot; every convenience; near Grand st.
station; easy terms; $5500.
Fine home on Central ave. ; 11 rooms; lot
54x157; .choice. location: $7500.
- Two cottages of 6 and 4 rooms each, on Pa-
cific ave.; in nice order and near station;' lot
60x150: rent $20.
Lo'ts on all the • principal streets from $350
to ; $aOOO; . great bargains. ..
';. Lot on Park 'st, near station; 50x150; $9000.
:> - . E. D. JTJDD & CO.,
'•-.-'.-.■■ 1424 ■ Park st.. Alameda.
purchas'e now. ~ t ~
- : :'^' ■■■ GREAT VALUES IN REAL ESTATE.
$1000— 7-room house; lot 48x148.
$1500 — 5-room cottaee ; large lot. . . -
$1750 — Nearly new- 5 rooms and bath; lot
40x100; a snap.
$2400— Fine 7-room cottage; lot 60x150; com-
I>elled to sell. v
$2600 — 6- room 'cottage; choice neighborhood;
foreclosure. ,
$2800 — A new Colonial 2-story 6-room house;
nice lot and location. ' i
WE SAVES YOU 25 PER CENT. «.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park st.. Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
A BARGAIN—
$2(500; cost present owner $3000; elegant 6
rooms and, bath cottage; near: new; half a
; block from school and station. . -
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
;■■'■■:■■ :\ ■ 1422 Park St.. Alameda.
?600 CASH will secure you a large modern 7-
room cottage and stable; lot 50x150; near lo-
cal train; $2000 can stay on mortgage; prop-
erty cost $5000; see it and you will buy it.
J. S. JOHNSON, a
■-'•'■'-, 630 Market st., San Francisco.
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: U cash. Bank of Ala
BERKELEY A_DVERT1SEMENTS
BERKELEY ' REAL ESTATE.
$1500 — REDUCED from $2200; must be sold; 4
large rooms and bath; lot 85x130;- windmill
and tank; $300 cash, balance $15 per month.
W. C. MORAN & CO.
$3700 — Reduced from $4500; 1 acre of land; 6-
room house; large barn; chicken-houses; full-
bearing fruit trees; windmill and' tank; best
part ot Berlyjley^ W. C. MORAN & CO.
$4100— New 7-room house; fine barn and 20
acres of land; reduced from $7500; must sell;
only 2 miles from -Berkeley. W. C. MORAN
& CO.
$500 to $4500— In the Wheeler tract; last week
before the raise ; next week property will be
raised $20,000; buy before the raise; Mrs.-
Hearst's and President Wheeler's property ad-
• join this tract. W. C. MORAN & CO.
- $1500 — 5-room cottage; $100 cash, balance $15
per month; bank loaned $1800 on this prop-
erty; 2 bay windows; basement done off; lot
40x100; 2 blocks to cars. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2000 — New 8 or 6 room cottages; lots 45x100;
2 blocks to train and electric cars ; porcelain
bath; tiled sink; tinted walls; gas fixtures;
fine mantel and sideboard. See some of the
new houses we are building all over town;
will furnish lot and build you a house to suit
you tujd sell on terms same as rent. .
W. CMORAN & CO., Lorln Station, and
Schmidt Block, , ,
, Berkeley;
$650— LOT 40x135; 1 block from North Berke-
ley station; street work done; a snap. MAY
& MORTIMER. -
$3450-i-NEW house 6 rooms; street work done;
modern in every respect. MAY & MORTI-
MER. : f .
$1450 — LOT 50x125; situate in Scenic Park,
near college;- a good investment. MAT &
MORTIMER, Berkeley.
100x125— IN Scenic Park; street work all done;
situate within 3 blocks of 'cars and college ;
a good Investment ; $2050. • MAY & MORTI-
MER. Berkeley. - ~
$4000— SPLENDIDLY built house of 8 rooms
and all conveniences; large lot; street work
all done; near college. MAY & MORTIMER,
Berkeley. ' .- ' • ■ • ■:
$1100^-LARGE lot, 50x156, In the Hlllegass
Tract; street work done;, a snap. MAY &
'. MORTIMER, Berkeley.
$1050— HERE Is a snap; 6 lots, each 40x135.
fronting on two streets: both streets sewered;
about 10 minutes' walk to depot; price only
$1050; terms if desired. MAY & MORTI-
MER, Berkeley station. •
' ■ y •-■ ■ _____ --
Headquarters for moderate priced homes for
cash or easy terms; neat cottages, 5, 6, 7 and 8
rooms, with all modern appliances; nicely lo-
cated; for small cash . payments and easy in-
stallments.
LAND! LAND!! " LOT! LOT!!
An extensive list of lots all over the Berke-
ley section; many special bargains; splendid In-
vestments. H. D. IRWIN,
Lorin Station.
23 years a resident here.
GIVE your family a Christmas present and be
your own landlord. New cottage of 5 rooms,
; bath, pantry; bay window; folding doors;
brick foundation; stationary tubs; hot and
, cold water; barn; chicken house; large lot;
' also good deep well of water: price $1650;
terms $100 \ cash, balance $15 per month;
this property is but one block from station
• and is a snap; also other bargains on eame
• terms. ! HOME REALTY CO., Lorln.
Open Sundays. . • • .
$550— LOT 50x125; south front; no better view
in Berkeley.
$1200 — Lot 60x125; marine view; always
sure; finest boarding-house in Eerkeley; full
• of boarders ; to lease. . ■
No. 257 — $2500; 7-room new house; small
■ca3h payment down, balance like rent. \ - ■
No. 260 — $2500; . Improved property ' in
South Berkeley to exchange for property near
U. C. ;' will pay a cash difference. S. S.
I QUACKENBUSH, opp. First National Bank,
i_ Berkeley. . ....
12 HOMES, ranging in prices from $2000 to
$3000 on terms of from $50 to $100 down, all
in the course of construction; all modern and
•have from 6 rooms and bath up to 9 rooms and
bath; situated on : the local Berkeley roa-1,
giving the same service and time as the Oak-
land local from Seventh and Broadway I to
Baa Francisco. Further information apply
. A. J. SNYDER.
467 Ninth st, Oakland. CaL
Or Branch Office
A. J. SNYDER,
Adeline Station. Berkeley. v
$2250— A WELL-BUILT house of 6 rooms and
. bath, near the station, on sunny side of street;
a bargain. . - ; . • I
$3300— New 2-story house of 9 rooms ; thor-
oughly modern in every respect; near electric
railroad. ,
House of 6 rooms and bath, east of railroad,
between Dwight way and Berkeley stations.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berke.
ley-station. .■•■■•• . «
FOR sale at a bargain — Cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; 1416 Russell st. Berkeley. Apply 1629
Stuart St.. Berkeley.
x : ALAMEDA HOUSES.
TO 'let — Alameda; elegantly furnished sunny
: house, 9 rooms, bath, gas and all modern
' conveniences; nice lawn and shrubbery; near
Morton st. Station; rent low. J. S. HANLEY.
1351. Park at. Alamedar
PROPOSALS. ■ ,
BIDS * Wanted— Notice Is "< hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the .Veterans' Home of Cali-
■ fornia. at its offlce. room 13, 320 Sansome st
! San Francisco. Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.\
SATURDAY, December 21, 1901, and opened
immediately thereafter in the presence of bld-
' ders,-. for furnishing and delivering quarter-
, master and commissary supplied for the-Vet-
erana'JHome, Napa County, Cal. (railroad ata-
tlon Yountville), for six months i commencing
• January . 1. * 1902, and ending - June 30 1902
. Schedules with information and instructions
for 'submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by, the undersigned. • Bidders will
carefully follow the • conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless It Is
; - in accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his . bid with 'a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of ; his bid/ payable to C. Mason
Kinne. treasurer. . conditioned that the bidder
.will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
;■ notice of acceptance as required by law. "-The
board reserves ' the ■ right to reject any; or all
; bids and to order any quantity over or under
. the amount specified. ■- . .
* Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home ot Cali-
.•■ I fornia, room 13, 820 Sansome sty San Fran-
cisco.. Cal. By order of the Board of Direct-
ors. ■ . J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary. :
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
■;.-. fruitvale' real 'estate,
the home building company.
$1300 — New house of 4 rooms and bath; high
.,."'., basement; lot 37:6x100 feet; 2 blocks
' from station ; $100 cash, balance $14 40
per month. ...
$1500— House of, 6 rooms and bath; lot 37:6x
146 feet; 4 blocks from station; $21
'per month will buy this home. -
$1200 — House of 7 rooms and bath; lot 55x
146; 4 blocks from station; no pay-
ment down. Just $1C 80 per month. \
$1000 — House. 5 rooms and bath; 8 blocks
from Fruitvale ave.; lot 112x112 feet;
barn; terms reasonable.
. $1600 — New bakery and 5 rooms; right at sta-.
tion; brick .bake oven, cost $400; w
good business opportunity; terms- to
su|t. ' . . ■ ■
$1200— House, 6 rooms; corner lot, 45x145;
$16 80 per month will buy this home.
$1000 — New and modern house, G rooms and
. _ bath; 1 block from Frultvale-ave. car;
- this is mortgage price; terms to suit.
-. -: W. E. RUDELL,-
Fruitvale ave., south of Railroad Track.
Offlce open from' 8 to 10 a. m. ; all day Sunday.
CHICKEN ranch; well located in Fruitvale
. district;- 8 acres fine soil, suitable for all
kinds .of .. berries ;: three fine living springs;
cottage of 6 rooms, barn and chicken-houses;
price $4500; will take other property in half
payment. J. S. JOHNSON, 630 Market st,
; San . Francisco. •
CHOICE lot to realize for Christmas expenses;
make bid. Box 2793. Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.'
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 462 Eighth st., Oakland.
AN ELEGANT HOME.'
Must be sold. (Read this) :
Near Senator Perkins' mansion. Vernon
Heights.- We offer lovely modern Gothic style,
built for a home; 9 rooms; porcelain bath; elec-
tric appliances; fine mantels (one cost $250);
interior superb order; barn; choice garden;
large double frontage lot; present price includes
$800 -worth of fine new 5 months old carpets
(would sell at a bargain elegant Flemish carved
oak dining-room " set, value $1000) ; property
mortgaged; $5000 can remain; cost over $10,000;
reduced to $7250; we possibly can get further
reductwn to close sale this week. .
Forcing sale— First come, first served. Our
Instructions are to sell..
. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
A SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY.
Special Snap on Small Payment.
A contractor has two ideal new 8-room homea
with flat loans of $3000 and $3500 on each; to
save paying interest and rather rent, and to get
his working capital out, has authorized us to
obtain Immediate offer over present loans.' We
have sold 3 to prominent Oakland merchants
and a lawyer, . who have a quick knowledge of
their value; located close In; superb neighbor-
hood; 500 feet of several $25,000 homes; no
choicer home neighborhood ; stop paying: rent ;
if you 'have not much money, see us; we will
arrange balance; don't delay; call at once while
seller la anxious to sell. - We strive to offer
cood values. .. ' -.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
A SUBURBAN HOME BARGAIN. .
. $12,500 — Between Oakland and Berkeley; ele-
gant Gothic style 10-room residence; 5 acres
superb grounds; premises cost $25,000; a sacri-
fice. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO. 3
$22.000 — PALATIAL MANSION.
'.'Beautiful for situation," possessing advan-
tages of near remoteness and accessible seclu-
sion; only one year constructed; a rare home
offering. , . '
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$13,500 — Cost $20,000; Lakeside District; ele-
gant home, 100x150; In Al condition; a still
greater sacrifice to see at once.
• •: -- <V LAYMANCEV REAL ESTATE CO.
$70C0— Absolutely no choicer; up-to-date, 8-
room Cfcozy home In Upper Piedmont section ;
grand panoramic view ; surrounded by elegant
mansions; sunerb home.
' . LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$3000 — Right downtown; bargain; 7-room cot-
tage; corner, 50 feet; rents $18; "cost $4500; lot
worth more than price; to divide Interest a sac-
rifice. for aulck sale. •
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$1450 — Neat; cozy bay-window, 5 rooms and
bath cottage; fronts right on Telegraph ave.;
lot 33x120; mortgage S SO; quick sale wanted.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$2500— Adjoining home Joaquin Miller, Upper
Fruitvale; 7-room house; 3 acres fruit; on pro-
posed.Syndicate Elecertic.R. R. <
* LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$2250 — Neat bay-window cottage, 7 rooms; lot
75x140; street work complete; Lake Merritt
view; lot worth price.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$1250 — Neat 6-room bouse; lot 100x125; sew-
ered ; near cars and school ; East Oakland ;
terms easy. - t -.-
LAYMANCE 'REAL ESTATE CO.
$3600 — Sacrifice; new, -up-to-date 9-room
•home; plate glass; open nickel plumbing; porce-
lain bath; 2 toilets; laundry; basement. floor and
ceiling cemented; lot SOxlSl: good barn; choi-
cest location; 10th ave.. East Oakland Heights.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$1500 — Sacrificed mortgage $1250 and $100 in-
terest due; must sell; neat, sunny bay-window
cottage, o rooms, mantel, bath, laundry, base-
ment; lot 60x125; marine view; . street work
complete ; ! one . block to cars ; East Oakland
Heights; easy terms.
• LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$2850— Adeline, . near 14th st; bargain: 2-
story 8-room home, 35x125; cost owner $4000; a
good comfortable home.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$4500 — 2 blocks I Broadway; improved busi-
ness corner. GO ft. ; rents $36 50 month.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$1000 — Store and 4 rooms, near Grove and
37th St.; large neighborhood trade.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$1850— Worth $2500; North Oakland; 2-story
store building and flat; stores all around it;
splendid business opportunity; new ferry will
treble its value; big bargain to-day.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
UNIMPROVED LOTS.
$600 — Snap; corner; terraced lot, 50x100; east
frontage; on car line; Central East Oakland.
- LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$10 per foot — Lot 120x100; 37th St., opposite
the Immense holdings of New Ferry Company.
■ LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
. $1000— Worth $2000; beautiful terraced lot, 65
xl25; street complete; near cars and Lake Mer-
ritt; sacrifice; go«i • Investment or choice for
home., LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$2850 — Beautiful lot,' 50x100; choice and sun-
ny, for flats; 4. blocks Market station or Broad-
way. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$1100 — Foreclosure snap; choice lot, 50x115;
in the beet part of West Oakland; near Peralta
st. . LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO
$1100 — "Worth : $1250; San Pablo ave.; store
would rent if improved.
• LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
Correspondence solicited: '
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
. 4C0 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
A— SPECIAL— IMMEDIATE SALE!
' Our Contract : Expires Tuesday.
Necessitates Immediate Sale.
Our Contract Expires Tuesday.
Deposit Payable Before 12 p. m.
♦ TO SECURE THIS BARGAIN.
INVESTIGATE AT ONCE!
$18,500', worth to-day $25,000 — The choicest
business corner in ; Berkeley; paying good in-
terest on Investment;/ Increased rents offered;
bank on corner of same block; new $40 000
. 3-story business block now under construc-
tion in block opposite; this corner will grow
:to be worth $50,000; ■ San Francisco and Oak-
' land choice corners have doubled and trebled
why not this? where millions are to be ex-
pended on the State University aad Berkeley
with an unparalleled increasing population.
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
A SPECIAL' BARGAIN.
■p,' Contract Expires Tuesday 12 p. m.
Forces - Immediate Sale. -
Contract -Cannot' Be Extended.
Fullest Investigation Solicited.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO
4C0 and^ 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
- vi "': ..- ■"'« -•■■•' ••.— ■ '.' .; ■■-.'■;&
100 ACRES near Nlles, "15000; good house; bear-
'. ing orchard ; unlncumbered ; will rent sell
or exchange for city Improved. - \ ..- ■
616 acres, 7 miles from Oakland; $28 an acre
WYMAN LAND, CO.; 1137 E Fourteenth st!
near Twenty-tHIrd ave., , Oakland; phone 123!
! FOR rent— Confectionery, bakery ■■ and '> restau-
' rant ; good location ; also two vacant stores ;
good opening for grocery or any kind of busl-
. ness; .three neat .: cottages; 3 rooms, closets
etc. ; one block from local ; - $7. w YM \ V
LAND • CO.; 1137 , E ■< Fourteenth st, • near
■Twenty-third ave., Oakland; Phone Brook ]23.
300 ACRES; three miles from Oakland; $75 an
acre; two-thirds of .purchase price can be
borrowed on the land •■ at o per , cent interest
GILBERT WYMAN, Attorney at Law offlce
. 'and i residence Twenty-seventh ave. and East
Sixteenth . St., Fruitvale, Cal.; phone Brook 123.
$300 CASH; $7 50 : monthly— New modern ccttage
of 4 large - rooms; high ' basement; immense
shade trees; shrubbery;; grand soil;. well shel-
. tered Dook: 28. houses gone upMn 4' months-
near church chapel and . school ; electric cars
near , by ; 4 main s roads ; a place where one
can more than make a living In the chicken
. business ; if they. ;wlsh ; adjbining .- East Oak-
land; no . fogs ■ nor : raw winds; lot -162:6x100;
more - land - adjoining ; . for • price in " all : $1325.
Call or send .for. circular, ) 455 ; Seventh st, op-
. posite Broadway '• station, : Oakland ; carriage
free. H. Z. - JONES, • owner. , -
S. M. . DODGE &'SON/L . " '- . ""*"".
1160 Broadway, .Oakland.
' $3250—^Something extra nice In the way of a
: modern 1 up-to-date, brand new - home in : Oak-
land • out toward * Berkeley Mot 50x1 25 ; 7 rooms
1 and bath. Call and let us show you this.
OAKLAND ADTERT1SEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.:
WOODWARD, "WATSON & CO.,
Successors to William J. Dingee,
003 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
- Flats; 'right in town: must*"be sold; owner
leaving State ; price $10,000; income $90 per
month; always rented; built last year; close to
local station; flrst-class location; investigate.
— _— . ■ ■ ' - ~
" MERRITT HOUSE.
MUST BE SOLD.
ONLY FOUR LEFT.
TWO ON MADISON STREET.
ONE ON THIRTEENTH STREET.
ONE ON OAK STREET.
Title perfect Title perfect
Title perfect. Title perfect
Also three very desirable lots.
,MUST BE SOLD TO SATISFY MORTGAGE.
_ Call ■ or send at once for full particulars-
remember — only. four left* .
,. .. •
$5500— Beautiful home In East Oakland; ele-
gantly situated on NE. corner lot, 75x125, com-
manding one' of the finest views of Oakland
and San Francisco; «lose to schools, churches
and three electric ■ lines;, house has 9 rooms,
bath, basement: every modern improvement;
beautiful grounds.
FRUITVALE HOME.
FRUITVALE HOME.
Only $15,000 for a place worth $25,000; must
be sold: beautiful grounds, having two acres;
fine orchard; large modern house of ten rooms;
elegantly decorated; hardwood floors; every
moderp improvement: partly furnished; large
barn and all outbuildings; fine water, gaa and
electricity for lighting; faces Fruitvale ave.
ALAMEDA HOME. . '
On San Antonio ave., near Para.; lot 50x150;
house' of 9 rooms, bath, cemented basement;
offer wanted; to satisfy bank's claim. -.. .
BUILDING LOT.
SE. corner Webster and . 24th Bts.; 65x100;
fine location; easy walk to train;, just the place
for fine home or for flats; will divide.
Adams point property.
Building up . faster than any tract In Oak-
land; all beautiful homes ; prices range from
$25 to $50 per foot; we will send map with
full particulars and prices; street work. all
done at owner's expense.
$6500— TENTH-STREET HOME.
On north side of street, near Adeline; house
of 9 rooms; every, modern Improvement; largo
lot, 60x120; fine location. V-.'- r
BORLAND PROPERTY.
Choice inside property, facing Webster St.,
Merrimac st. and | Prospect ave.: all sunny
lots; well- above street grade; close to car
lines;, map and prices on application.
THIRTY-FOURTH-STREET LOT.
Between San Pablo ave. and Market st. ;
75x100; only $15 per foot; street work all
done; laat lot left at this price.
ALCATRAZ-AVE LOTS.
Close to Telegraph ave.. opposite school ; any
size desired; only $12 per front foot; easy
terms: homes built to suit; easy terms on any
of this property.
Bargains in Oakland property, both Improved
and unimproved; homes built and sold on easy
terms in any part of Oakland.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. 'I 1 ::
- 903 Broadway, Oakland.
Successors to William J. Dingee. v*-»
$4300— A BRAND NEW HOUSE.
Location, 20th and Webster sts. ; lot 43 feet
frontage; house of 7 rooms and bath; open
and nickel plumbing; the latest In every detail
and finish; this property originally belor.ged
to an estate and It now must be sold; only
a few blocks to 14th and Broadway, local
trains and business center and Postofflce; this
property can be rented for $45 per month;
house a good Investment If purchaser did not
desire to occupy it.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$6500— RESIDENCE IN LINDA VISTA.
The very nob hill of Oakland; lot 75 feet
frontage; larse house of 9 rooms, barn; all
in flrst-class condition; almost new; thia prop-
erty should sell for $10,000; an ideal home and
a nrst-class location.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$_6OO — SHOULD SELL FOR $3500.
Almost new 6-room house; note, lot 60x140;
sunny exposure; street work all complete; in
first-class condition; near cars, schools and
business center; owner* a non-resident ' and our
instructions are to sell -without reserve to the
highest and best bidder; terras only $500 cash,
balance can remain on mortgage; purchaser
can pay cash If he so desires.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
$3750 — FINE - corner residence on main thor^
. oughfare; close in; .7 rooms; elegantly fin-
ished in hardwood; stairway of white cedar;
up to date plumbing-; cemented basement,
. lawn front and rear;. must be sold; owner
going away; first come, first, served.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
$1750— ORIGINAL COST $3500. " -.'
Store, 3 living rooms and a large corner lot;
an elegant place for a grocery, bakery ' or
laundry;. death of the owner cause for selling;
the late owner of the property conducted a
very successful grocery business and left con-
siderable money as a result of his success in
business, the estate must be closed at once,
hence the sacrifice; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO.-.
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
E. J. STEWART & CO., '
(Successors to GEO. W. AUSTIN ft CO.)
1008 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$S50 — New cottage of three rooms, bath, hall.
pantry, enamel sink; sunny; close to Telegraph
ave.; In a good location; lot 40x110 feet; stable;
can be had on easy terms; investigate at once;
owner going away.
$2500 — Easy monthly payments to settle an
estate: two-story house of 9 rooms, bath, hall,
bay-windows, etc.; good condition: lot 63x120
feet; note the size; with gravel driveway, barn;
tool house, carriage house; fine fruit trees;
lawn, shade trees, flowers, etc.; street macad-
amized and sewered and stone walks laid;
rental value $20 per month: insured for $2000;
bank mortgage ' $1300; property cost $3500;
handy to schools and churches; close to Tele-
graph i ave. ; liberal discount for quick cash
tale; chance to get a bargain; title perfect and
guaranteed; investigate at once.
$2500 — One-story bay-window cottage of 6
rooms and bath; lot 50x140; can obtain loan
of $1500 at 8 per cent from the bank; on Syca-
more st., between Telegraph ave. and Grove
st; this ia a snap; cost over $4000; owner
forced to sell.'
$800— Fine lot on Thirty-second st, near
Grove; Bize 50x140 feet- street work all com-
plete; property must be sold; nothing in this
neighborhood can be had for less than $25
per foot
$3000 — Fine new two-story 7-room house;
just completed ; lot 34x130; fronting on Tele-
graph ave.; $250 cash, balance $25. per month.
Including Interest at 8 per cent on deferred
payments.
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
. (Successors to Geo. W. Austin & Co.),
1008 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$3000— INVESTMENT; rented flats in Oak-
land; to close bank sale; great bargain. J.
H. MACDONALD & CO.. 1052 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
$20— 6-ROOM cottage; modern; choice location.
$30 — 9-room house; handy to station; mod-
ern.
$25— 8-room flat, near train; fine.
$35 — 6-room cottage; furnished: central.
$18 — 5-room cottage; furnished: central.
/ E. J. STEWART & CO.,
' 100S Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLASD COTTAGES TO LET.
BUNNY lower flat. 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout: 2 coal and 1 gas grate; larga
* corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers: lot elevated; choice locality; will reut
low to satisfactory permanent tenant: Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth, sts., come within 1 block. Call or
address 1659 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FCUXITtRE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN ave., 102, off Polk— Two housekeep-
ing rooms and bath. .
BRADY, 39, off Market — 2 aunny rooms; light
housekeeping; $5 and $8; private family.
FIFTH, 353 — 3 rooms, furnished housekeeping
and bath. $20; 3 for $12; also single, $4 to $7!
FOLSOM, C20 — Large rooms on first floor for
0' families with children; large grounds. \
FULTON, '008 — Two sunny housekeeping
rooms; coal stove, yard and basement: :^*~
HAIGltT, 222— 3 perfectly appointed house-
. kpg. rms. for couple: sunny; alcove; phone.
HOWARD, 761% — Nicely furnished bay-win-
' dow suite; kitchen; man and wife; others.
HYDE, 408-^-Sunny back parlor, with kitchen
complete for housekeeping, $18. "
JACKSON. 820, near Mason — Furnished large
room;. 2 .beds;. grate, or housekeeping; $9.
LEAVENWORTH. 517—2 or 3 unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER, 937 (lower) — 3 weU-furni3hed
. rooms, $15; call after 10 a. m. ■
OAK, 125—2 nicely furnished basement rooms
$10. .
rioo>is for HO V^!S5^!^2-^3^!l:
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny furnis^/
connecting parlors; mantel, gas stove, close 1
PAGE 116. near Gough — Handsome sunnyv
alcove suite, 8 large rooms; newly furnished;
grate; bath; phone; reflned adult family omy.
TAYLOR. 1502— To let. a furnished bay-win- "
dow corner suite of rooms; suitable (or two
gentlemen or light housekeeping; sun all day.
hot and cold water: grate; phone; use of
bath; no other roomers; reference.
TEHAMA. 478. nr. 6th— 3 sunny furn. rma..
complete for housekeeping. $12; no chLdren.
TWELFTH. 12 — 1 or • 2 rooms furnished for
housekeeping. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. _*00 FUImore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established al lOSti
_ Valenclr. at. ■
ROOMS TO "LET — F_rn. and Unfarn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; grill attached: 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE US Sixth— Rooms.
23c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooma ; open all night.
BURNETT. H26 Market (old No. 1354)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, v singie: also unfurnished.
CLARA, 152 — 3 sunny unfurnished for house-
keeping; rent $7. _
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny roofns; p - 'ces reasonable.
DEVISADERO. 1705— Sunny neatly furnl^_B
rooms, $4 and $5 per month. J*wf.
ELLIS, 321. Xtozart — Nicely furnished roomsV
35c. $1 BO night; $X 50, $8 wi; open all night.
FOLSOM, 742— An elegant large sunny front
room, suitable for 2; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 743 — Large sunny front parlor, suit-
able for 2 gentlemen; also single room cheap.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth — Furnished rooms,
$1 per week.
FOLSOM. 834 — Sunny rooma .with closets, sin-
gle or double.
FOLSOM, cor. 9th — Large sunny corner bay-
wlndow room, $9, adults; one, $4.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; batha. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
FRONT unfurnished connecting rooms -wit-
alcove; running water; gaa; phone; suitablo
for light housekeeping. Box 2742, CaU-
FULTON. 671 — 2 furnished rooms; complete for
housekeeping; seperate entrance; $3.
HYDE. Sll — Two handsomely furnished well
■ lighted rooma, private bath; everything new.
HOWARD, 728, near Third — Front sunny room,
reasonable. ________________
GEARY 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single: travelers accommodated.
JONES, 010 — Newly furnished room, bath,
gunny, central, private family.
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy st. — Hlgh-clasa hotel;
furnished rooms, en suite or single.
MINNA, 348%, nr. Fifth — Nice sunny front
room, aultable for one or two.
MEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up. /
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms v H.
Of flees; elevator; elec. lights; day, week. t-T. "
PACIFIC ave., 1724— Furnished sunny front
rooma; private family.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth, st.
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 832— A sunny. suite and singles,
neat and clean; bath, phone; pricea low.
SUTTER. J20% (The Stanford)— Sultea from $3
to $7; singles. $2 to $5 per week; transient.
T VV ELFTH, 135 — Furnished room wlt_ or
without board. _
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofHce. 220O FlUmora at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at 109*
Valencia st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pagea, aent to any addresa In th*
United States or Canada ona year for II.
postage paid.
A~p!~3A_Ai>JT > 7o^nCTw1th^^
for two gentlemen In private horns, whera
there are Just a few other boarders; north, of
Market; gas, hot and cold 'water; $43 for
two. Private, box 2792, Call offlce.
O'FARRELL, 832. near Polk— Larg» sunny
front room, with board. In privata family;
suitable for 2 gentlemen or gentleman ana
'Wife; running: water; bath.
HOTEL Dennlston, coiv Valencia and 21st sts— I .
In the "Warm Belt'' ; free from prevailing J
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class.
NICELY furnished front bay-wlndo'w ' room.
. -with cr without board, for two gentlemen;
single rooms. $3 and up. 74S Harrison at.
THE Irringdale, 62S Eddy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $60; single rooms
with board, $22 50 up; excellent table.
THE Pierpont. 418 Ellis— Everything new; most
elegantly furnished apartments; first-class
dining-room.
VAN NES3 ave., 1714— Select private boarding-
house; sunny front suites; also single; every-
thing flrst-class: references.
ROOM and board for 2 In elegant furnished
home; sunshine; billiard- roora and telephone.
Call 25 Baker st.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select '
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
EDDY, Slfrr-Elegant furnished sunny room,
with or without board.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; Special rates .to tourists.
NIARA. 615 Taylor — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; excellent board; terms reasonable.
POST. 1414 (The WIHard)— Newly furnished;
south front room; sun all day; board.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements ana
subscriptions has been established at 1C98
Valencia st '■ ■
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
BOARD wanted — Father and two daughters;
$80; state particulars. Box 2756, Call offlce. |
MAKKIAGE LICENSES-
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Charles C. Burger, 27. city, and Frank The-
resa Lechleiter. 20, city.
Samuel Cnamberlin, 29, 651 Vallejo street,
and Mabel Graham, 19, 431 Preclta avenue.
Alfred Richardson. 35, 974 Folsom atreet,
and Dagmar E. Nllson, 25, 6-'"0 Shotwell street.
Josef Carlson. 34. 639 Jessie street, and Anna
A. Olson, 28, 1022 Sanchez street.
George G. Long. 30. 126 Fourth street, and
Lillian Davies, 20, 328 Shipley street.
Charles A. Mossmayer, 28. 2708 Pine street
and Minnie A. Breede, 21. 2706 Pine street.
Enrico Rovelli. 20, 420 Filbert street, and
Gemma Rossi, 23. 420 Filbert street
John A. Martin, 27, Oakland, and May L
Ahern. 19. Oakland.
Frank J. McLaughlln. 23. 437 Sixth street,
and Susie Creatre, 18. 253*4 Natoma street
William S. Jones. 26, Oakland, and Camilla
T. Farrinjfton. 26, Oakland.
Henry E. Brown, 22, 3010 Castro street, and
Julia F. Stader. 18. 1 Berkshire street.
Angelo J. Garbarino, 21, 61 Boardman place,
and 'Lizzie El. Pera, 21, 81 Boardman place.
Lee J. Hawley, 26, Presidiqk and Harriet L.
Sayres, 20. 1408 Broderick street.
Charles H. Lymbery, 21, New York City, and
Elisabeth W. Boston. 18, Santa Cruz.
Harry . C. Scott, 20. 120SA Howard street,
ana Alice Fltzpatrlck. 19, 1208A Howard street.
BIRTHS— MARRI-i&ES— DEATHS.
-Birth, marriajre and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be banded
in at either of the publication offices and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. "^
BORN.
BARRON— In this city. December 2, 1901, to
the wife of James Barron, a daughter.
DERBY— In this city. November 6, 1901, to
the wife of James Derby, a son.
GARCIA— In this city, to the wife of Benja-
min F. Garcia, a son.
HIPPEN— In thia city. November 20. 1901, to
the wife %f H. J. Hippen, a daughter.
LUGO — In this city, October 6. 1901. to th&
wife of J. B. Lugo, a son.
McDERMOTT— In thia city, November 29, 1901,
to the wife of James B. McDermott, a son.
MEHEGAN— In this city, December 12, to the
wife of P. J. Mehegan, a son.
SAFLEY— In this city. December 8, 1901, to
thevwlfe of L. J. Safely, a daughter.
SCHULZ— In this city. December 4. 1901. to
the wife of C. Schulz, a son.
"WILSON — In this city. November 12. 1901 to
the wife of Charles Wilson, a daughter.
~~ ~ MARBIED.
BURGER— LECHLEITER— In thia city De-
cember 13, J901. by Justice of the Peace
Percy V. Lonsr, Charles Carl Burger and
Frank Theresa Lechleiter, both of San Fran-
cisco.
CARTER— MARKEY— In this city. December
12. 1901, by the Rev. A. C Bane. Eugene
Ashby Carter and Ruth Markey.
HARDY— McKENNA— In thia city. December
1. 1901. by the Rev. Father CnmminJs TZ.
: seph W. Hardy and Nellie McKenna
JENSEN— SCHMIDT— In this city. DecembcVV
12. UHtt. by the Rev. O. Groensberg. Ha^4
Jensen and Irene Schmidt. --
PARKS— MORSE— In thia city. December 11 r * "
spwt Si ss-'^"**- s $-&;f DIED.
Beatty, Nellie M. Massie, John G. •-■»-'*.■
Urady, W. C. Mibach. Michael
Cain. WiHi&m T. O'Connor. Julia
Deutsch. Jacob Oppenhelm, Adolph
Donaldson. Geo. W. PelllEson. Rosillia
Foley. John Potter. Mary A.
Godeau. Parlalt E. Ilahders, Gustav H.
Green. Helen Recs. William
Hatje, Maria J. Stanley. Edward J.
McCarte. Sarah A. Van lnweeen. Elmer
licGrath. Patrick Vr
3EATTY — In Oakland. December 13. 1901, Nel-
lie May Beatty, beloved wife x>f David L.
Beatly, a native of Wisconsin.
3RADY— In this city, November SO, 1001 W
C. iirady. a native of Princeton. Ill Weed
41 vears.
P' friends and acquaintance* are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-^ay
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the receiving
vault at Laurel Hill Cemetery. Funeral un-
der the auspices of San Franclaco Lodge \"o
J £■ £- 9-; E - and £aa Francisco Aerie No!
o, 1' . O. L,.
CAISC — In Berkeley. December 13. 1901 Wil-
liam T.. beloved son of Margaret and John
Cain, and brother of Charles. Alice. Anni7
Frank, >iarcarct, John and Peter Cain a
native of Oakiand. aged 19 years and' 13
(i?Frien<is and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<MCI i Ca ?'/-lft at i^?° O ' clock - Irom his late li-
cence, 1G46 Addison street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul!
S^S£«2r. 10 o£SS?- lateraent si:
DKUTSCH— In this city. December 14. 1901.
Jacob Deutsch. beloved father of Isaac. Fred
ll\, M T £ eutsch . Mrs. H. JohnsonV M«
\f Morris. Mm. S. Home and Mrs. F?Theo-
° f Austria - *eed €7 years and
C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
DONALDSON— In this city. December 12. 1901
ueorge _V\. Donaldson, beloved husband of
Fanny Donaldson, and father of John Thad-
aeU^T^ e £ r ? e El i w . a r rd ' TO»U"a Charles. Jo-
o?o h n^ a H 1 e^.^ r8 M -j C^ eU^ m^^^ 5&
O C^lV. *pH 7 "beSrireSSn .'^Sf'S
life^wjy.) SS < Kc ™* e . "1.. paper*
♦ l i7' F r ie 2 ds^ aad aoquaintanees are resp<M:t-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-Say
, <fcunflay) at 1 o'clock, from hl« late reat-
cence. C10 Hermann etreet, between Webster
and Fillxaore. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
11 ? ****? f lty ' December 14. 190L John
Folcy, beloved husband of the late Elizabeth
Foley, and father of William. Albert and
r° ley ' Mx8 * R - J - Espy and Mre. C. |
A. Pfcelan, a native of Ireland, aged 03
years.
C7 Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
a£ace. IS Ehotweil street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, corner Eight-
eenth and Shotwell streets, at 10:30 o'clock,
where services wll! be held. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
Z KEEN — In this city, December 12. 1901.
Helen, beloved wife of Salomon Green.
rnother of Mrs. Herman Lewis, J. Charles.
Hulcia, GuEsle and Annie Green, Leopold and
Abe Lincoln Greea of Chicago, end sister of
Adolph Cohn. Yetta Gursky and Gussie
Aaron, a nati\-e of Kempen. Germany, aged
5S years 6 months and 16 days. -
£_? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 229 Hayes street, between Van Ness
?■ venue and Franklin street, and thence by
■"tl1:30 o'clock train to New Salem Cemetery
for Interment.
GODEAU — In this city. December 12, 1901.
Parfait Eusene, beloved husband of Benlta
Godeau, father of Leontlne Weber and Mar-
tha Godeau. brother of Ernestine Boutes
Josepl.ine Fos and Julius S. Godeau. and
son-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. F. Angonnet, a
native ol Ss.n Francisco, ated 47 years 2
months and S days.
C?" Remains at his late residence, 512 Post
street, until Sunday morning. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
ter.d the funeral to-day (Sunday), at 1
o'clock, from the rarlors of his brother.
Julius S. Godeau, 505 Montgomery avenue.
thence to Odd Fellows' Hall. Seventh and
Market streets, where services will be held
under the auspices of Franco-Americalne
Lodee N'o. 207. I. O. O. F. A member of
Franco-Americaine Lodge No. 207, I. O. O. '
F.. end of Yesemite Tribe No. 103. L O.
n. m.
HATJF — In Alameda, December 13, 1901,
Maria Johanna Hatje, dearly beloved wif?
of the late H. P. Hatje, and beloved mother
of William Hatje, a native of Germany, aged '
71' years and 7 months.
CfT Friends r.nd a.c<xualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend tla^ funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street,
lr.torment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MeCARTE — In this city. December 13. 1901.
Sarah A., dearly beloved daughter of Daniel
and Mary McCarte, and sister of Mary, Dan- i
Kl, Alex, Joseph. Hugh, Archie and Arthur
McCarte, a native cf County Antrim, Ire-
land.
C^I^iends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Monday), at S:."10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 104 South Park, thence to St. Rose's !
Church, Erannan street, between Fourth and !
Fifth, where a solemn requiem high mass ]
will be celebrated for the repose of her -soul,
commencing at a o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
McGKATH — In this city, December 14. 1901.
Patrick, beloved husband of Victoria Mc-
Grath, end father of Nellie, Emma, Kath-
ryn, Cecelia, Josonh and Alice McGrath, a
native cf County Waterford. Ireland, aged
C'j vears.
. "^rKrieTids ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Mo'nday). at 8 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, oS75 Nineteenth street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAESIE — In this city, December 12, 190L
John G. MassJe. beloved father of John A.
Massie (a. member of the Order of Railway
Conductors), a native of Scotland, ared J>3
years and 5 months.
ZZ? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 1015 Linden street, Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
MIBACH — In this city. December 14. 1901. at
his residence. 356 Corbett road, near Fal-
con avenue, Michael Mibach, dearly beloved
husband ol Agatha Mibach, beloved father
of the late Peter Joseuh Mibach and Wil-
liam P.. Joseph H. and Ida Mibach, and
belo\-ed son of Peter Jcssph and the late
Catherine Mibach. a native of Idenbach. Ger-
many aged 51 vears 5 months and 26 days.
A member cf Et. Peter's and St. Paulus"
D R. K. L'nterstuctzuncs Vereins.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 356 Corbett road, near Fa'.con ave-
nue thence to Et. Boniface's Church. Golden
Gate avenue, near Jones street, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his eoul. commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Hcly Cross Cemetery.
O'COVNOR — In this city, December 14. 1901.
at ber residence. CC Waller street, between
Octavla and Lacuna^ Julia. be!o\-«d wife of
Daniel O'Connor, and mother of Timothy J.,
John F.. Mary, William. Annie and Julia
a native cf County Cork, Ire-
land, ased C3 yea:s.
jprNotlce 3 f -.unera.1 hereafter.
OPPENHEIM — In this city. December 12,
1901. Adolpb, beloved husband of Lena Op-
pecheina. father of Morris Orjpenheim, and
etepl&ther of Michael Lazarus, a native of
East Prussia. Germany, aced 47 years 8
months and 4 days. A member of Golden
Gate Lod«e No. 3, Knights ef Pythias:
Friendship Lodge No. 178, A. O. U. W., and
Columbia Lodge No. 127. I. O. B. B.
Cy Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), st 2 o'clock, from Knights of
Pythias Hall. &09 Market street. Interment
Home of Pea.ce Cemetery. Remains at the
parlcrs of the California TJndertakin* Com-
pany. 405 Powell street, near Post.
FRIENDSHIP Lodge No. 179. A. O. U. W.—
Yon are hereby requested to assemble at
ShJels building, 32 O'Farrell street, to-day
(Sunday), at 1:15 o'clock, to attend the fu-
neral of our late brother. Adolph Ojgpen-
hein, By order^ McfeRACKEX< ..
F. J. McGUIRE, Recorder.
PELLISSON — In this city, December 13, 1901,
rtosillia Pelllsson, a native of Marysville,
Yuba County. Cal., aged 47 years.
C3 Friends and acqua\ntanees are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Velente, Marinl & Co.. 1524 Stockton
st-eet, between Uniop and Green. Inter-
■ ment Laurel Hill CerJetcry-
"'OTTFR In this city, December 13, 1901.
* Marv Anna, beioved daughter of John and
Mary Potter, and sister of Thomae E. and
John Potter, a native cf San Francisco, aged
"ft* vears 1 month and 10 days. •
rrTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
ruily invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday) at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of hei parents. 1«CA Howard street, thence
to St Charles Borromeo'i Church, corner
Eirht'ecr.th and Shotwell streets, at 11
o'clock, where gervlcps will be held. Inter-
HENRV J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to FTannag-an & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUT.'KRAL DIRECTORS ANT) EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth rt.. opposite Lincoln- SchooL
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ban Mateo County.
CFFIC£ kjf. MAfJKET STPK^T.
J. HENDERSON. Manager. ■
Eae«ne McGinn. U £ G1 £? BR0S -
F"uaeral Directors and Embalmers,
El EDDY STREET.
Telephone South ?ii. San Francisco.
TCn Connection With Any Other House.
L 6amuel McFadden. Vt years n*W«r tor
I the United Undertakers' Association ; M. J.
\ McBrearty. with the eame company for 11
1 j ears- p: F. Green. late with 3. C. O'Con-
| nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
E lor. «t 1171 Miselon etre«t. between Seventh
8 and Clyhth. Telephone South 44.
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric fu-
«S« . car from co mer Fourteenth find How-
ard etreets at 11:20 o'clock.
RA HDERS— In this city. December 14, 190L
at his residence, 2342 Post street, between
Devlsadero and Broderlck. Gustav H. P>ah-
«****• dearly beloved ateroon of William F.
* A 5 n a Cardall, a native or Germany,
years and 11 days. A member of
p *£iflc Lpdsre No. 155. I. O. O. F.
.^SerrtceJ wU1 be he i d xtt-&Ay (Sunday),
at 10:30 o'clock, at the chajpel of I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
PA CIFIC Lodee No. 155. I. O. O. F.— Mem-
bers are directed to assemble at the lodge-
room at 9 o'clock sharp to-day (Sunday), to
attend the funeral of our late brother. Gus-
tave H. Rabdera.
FRANK D. MACBETH. N. G.
CHAS. J. THELEN, Rec Sec.
REES— In this city, December 8, 1901, Wil-
liam Ree«. a native of Belgium, ased 76
years. .
t-? Friends Rnd ' acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
rsunday). at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
STANLEY— In this city. December 13, 1901,
Edward J. Stanley, a native of California,
aged 35 years.
ITyFrlends and acquaintances are respect*
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of E.
Castagnetto & Co.. C43-645 Vallejo street,
between Montgomery avenue and Stockton
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
VAN INWEGEN — In this city. December 13.
1901, Elmer E. Van Inwegen, a native ol
Chicago, 111., aged 40 years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the Darlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
ElsrMh and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
SCHRODER — To the many friends and ac-
quaintances, and especially the officers and
members of Mission Parlor No. 38, N. S. G.
W.. who irave eo many evidences of their
kindness and comforting sympathy and beau-
tiful floral offerings during our late bereave-
ment of loving son and husband (Joseph
Henry Schroder), we desire to return our
heartfelt thanks. MRS. LIL.LIE SCHRO-
DER, wife; J. HENRY and ELIZABETH
SCHRODER,, parents; JOHN SCHRODER,
brother.
Florist Co.
V - / ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.NtuELUS £55? 5056
FORMALLY OPEN
THEIR ELEGANT
HILL HOME
MRS. A. NV TOWNE and her
daughter, Mrs. Clinton E.Wor
den, opened their spacious and
beautiful home at 1101 Califor-
nia street yesterday and issued
nearly one thousand invitations. It Is the
first formal entertaining they have done
for a long time and was a great success.
Flowers were seen everywhere, arranged
in the most artistic effects. The Hun
garian Band furnished excellent music.
The drawing-room was crowded nearly all
the afternoon tvith stylishly gowned peo
ple, who seemed glad to avail themselves
of the Towne hospitality once more.
The friends who assisted Mrs. Towne
and Mrs. Worden in receiving were:
Mrs. Isaac Lawrence Requa, Mrs. Spencer
Buckbee, Mrs. Margaret Irvine, Mrs. Charles
O. Hooker. Mrs. James Carolan, Mrs. Walter
K. Dean, Mr*. Arthur A. Smith, Mrs. Edward
B. Pond, Mrs. Julius Kruttschnltt, Mrs. D. "W.
Earl Mrs. Oscar ntzalan Long, Mrs. Alfred
S. Tubbs. Mrs. H. M. A. MUlcr, Mrs. Willlum
S. Tevis, Mrs. Henry J. Crocker, Mrs. Fred
erick W. Tallant, Mrs. MMintford S. Wilson,
Mrs. Russell J. Wilson, Mrs. Fletcher F.
Ryer, Mrs. Chauncey Rose Winslow, Mrs. W.
W. "Worden and Mrs. and Miss McNelL
For the last four days the art gallery
at Mechanics' Pavilion has presented an
animated appearance. This was due to
the bazaar given by the Orthodox Ladles'
Endeavor Society. The bazaar closed a
successful existence last evening. There
was a large attendance and the pur
chases were made with a lavish hand by
the friends of the organization.
Bazaars have been held in this city dur
ing the last month, but none have sur
passed this one in point of color and
richness of articles on exhibition. Price
less -baubles, fabrics and ornaments were
brought from Russia and disposed of by
scores of pretty girls. The booths were
gayly decorated. The ladies In charge
were gowned in costumes that were in
harmony.
The Russian booth was guarded by Mrs.
Elliott, Mrs. Schroeder, Mrs. Metropolsky
and Mrs. Kashevasoff, assisted by Miss
Sasha and Miss Natalie Metropolsky,
Miss Valentine Ligda and Miss Anderson.
Mrs. Fine was in charge of the fortune
telling booth. The Servian booth had as
its patronesses Mrs. L. Dabovich, Mrs.
T. Pashkovsky, Mrs. S. Vucosavlievich
and Miss Dabovich. They were assisted
by the following named pretty young
ladles:
Mrs. Sumnerville, Miss Pauline McNutt,
Miss iriorx^ce Chase, Misses Sophia and Lu
cille Szarnecki, Mies Ima Collins, Miss Irene
Radovlch Miss Nettie Madison, Ml6ses Lydla
and Adele Dabovich and Miss Dollie Madison.
The Hellenic booth was In charge of
Mrs. A. Constantine, assisted by Mrs.
Frank Adams, Mrs. Catherine Martin,
the Misses Tlllle and May I>oyle, Mlsa
Paraskova Sandelin, Miss Stella Miliscich
and Miss Jennie Klaudianos. A very at
tractive feature of the bazaar was the tea
booth, which was In charge of Mrs.
Kashivnikoff, assisted by her daughter.
Miss Lizzie Kashivnikoff and Mrs. Napp.
Tea was served in strictly Russian style.
A novel Russian game was in charge
of Miss Rostozeff and Miss Beckmann.
Miss Popplni and Miss Ellis disposed of
Russian cigarettes and the flower stand
was presided over by Miss Furrer and
Miss A. .Helen, Miss Johannsen was in
charge of the fish pond. Miss V. Beck
mann looked after the grab-bag.
During the progress of the bazaar ex.
cellent musical programmes were .ren
dered by well known artists of this city,
and Russian dinners were served to visi
tors. The success of the bazaar is due to
the energetic work of the officers of the
Orthodox Ladles' Endeavor Society, who
are as follows:
President. Mrs. Elliot; vice president, Mrs.
Kashivanoff; secretary, Mrs. Pashkovsky;
treasurer. Mrs. Melropolsky.
Mrs. F. A. Hatch opened her studio at
131 Post street yesterday and the cozy
rooms were crowded with visitors. Tha
work of this clever artist was greatly ad
mired. The keramlc work which she ex
hibited at the late exhibition attracted
a great deal of attention. The artist
possesses talent and she uses her gift for
painting with a skill that will eventually
lead to high recognition in art circles.'
The Infant son of Maurice Golden,
engineer of the United States Coast Sur
vey steamer Patterson, was the chief
personage at a christening party at the
residence of his parents at 219 Guerrero
street last Sunday. The Rev. Father Al
len, S. J.. was the officiating clergyman.
The little fellow was named Thomas
Gerald. After the ceremony the friends
of Mr. and Mrs. Golden assembled In the
parlors of the residence and spent several
hours in wishing the boy and the parents
all happiness.
Young Hen's Institute.
It has been decided to publicly install
the oflicers of the local councils of the
Young Men's Institute jointly in Pioneer
Hall in January. A committee is mak
ing arrangements for the event. The
grand officers will be present.
The Council of Porta Costa initiated
five strangers on the 8th inst. and will
initiate eight on the 12th of January.
The next meeting of the board of grand
directors will be held on the 21st Inst. and
that of the board of management on the
23d. ■ -. '
Golden Gate and Ignatian councils have
each appointed a committee to make ar
rangements for social events.
Mission Council will have an entertain
ment in Pioneer Hall on the 31st Inst.
To-day^the council of Oakland and rep
resentatrves of those in this city will take
part in the laying, of the cornerstone of
Sacred Heart Church In Oakland, at San
Pablo avenue and Twenty-first street..
Arrangements are being made for ' a
billiard tournament In the headquarters
of the institute.
Daughters of St. George.
At the last held meeting of Empress
Victoria Lodge of the Daughters of St.
George the new officers were installed for
the current term, after which Mrs. P.' A.
Williams, past president, and Mrs. Nellie
Stickney, the new president, presented a
large basket of fragrant flowers and ferns
to Mrs. S. Atkinson, the retiring past
president There was an appropriate re
sponse, after which all present enjoyed a
collation. There were present at the meet
ing a number of the members of Golden
Gate Lodge of Oakland. - ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SXJNDAY; : DECEMBER 15, 1901.
TOLD IN ANTE-ROOM
EULAH CHAPTER, that la
VI irT^V,- one of the bright subordin-
I 11 L>\ ates of' the Order of the
|.II/J\) Eastern Star, and holds its
f\ )Jlt>* meetings In the South Fran-
v -^ / ' — ~ > «^ sisco Masonic Hall, had its
officers Installed in private
session on the 9th Inst. There were
a large .number of members of the
order present, including Worthy Grand
Matron Mrs. Clara A. Giberson, Grand
Secretary Mrs. Johnson, Past Grand
Patron George L. Darling and Past
Patron George T. Shaw. The officers
were installed by the" worthy • grand
matron, Mrs. Gllberson, assisted by
Past Matron Mrs. Nellie Brown as
grand marshal. The' new officers are:
Helen Seeman, W. M.: Adolpb. Fltchner,
W. P.; Anna Smale, A. M.; Mary B.
Donoho, C; Mrs. Jacobs, A. C; Mary
Tcdd, S.; Mrs. Riconir, T.; 1 John Part
ridge, C; Fannie Ayers, M.: Mrs. Myer,
O.; Mrs. Lacaze, W.; Julia Williams,
sentinel: Kitty Rlley, A.; Mrs. Rohman,
R. ; Mrs. Gedeau, E. ; Geneva Williams,
M.; Louise Milly, E. ' -
After the installation Past Grand Pa
tron Darling, on behalf of the members
of the chapter, presented to the retiring
matron, Mrs. Ayers, a magnificent dia
mond set star emblematic of the order,
and said many pleasing words concerning
the growth of the chapter during the ad
ministration of the outgoing matron.
C. L. P. Marais, patron of San Francisco
Chapter, presented to Mrs. Ayers a crys
tal berry bowl and silver berry spoon In
appreciation of her services to the chap
ter when it was organizing and since. The
presentation speech was an eloquent one.
The retiring patron was presented a
jewel of his office. This was followed by
the presentation of a fine bonbon dish
and gold and" silver spoon to Mrs. Nellie
A. Darling in recognition of her services
to the chapter in furnishing vocal and in
strumental music during initiations. This
was the close of the ceremonies, after
which there ■was an adjournment to the
banquet hall, where supper was served.
During the term that Mrs. Ayers was the
matron the chapter made wonderful ad
vancement, it having initiated twenty
members. The Uidy devoted much of her
time to the promotion of the cause in
which she has proved herself a most
earnest worker and has reason to feel
proud of the record she made while in
office.
On the night of the 9th inst. there was
a public installation in the hall of the
San FVancisco Lodge cf Ellcs of ■ the
following elected and appointed officers
of Olive Branch Chapter. There were
many presented in the prettily decorated
hall. The installing officer was Dr. T.
Byron Dewitt. the retiring patron, assist
ed by Mrs. Mary E. Partridge, P. W. M.
G. M. of the G. G. C. of the United
States, as marshal. The officers who that
night entered upon the- discharge of their
duties are: Margaret M. Fitch, worthy
matron; Herman C. Schmidt, worthy pa
tron; Lizzie Atwood, associate matron;
Sadie J. Kahn, secretary: Hattie Green,
treasurer; Theresa Fredericks, conductor;
Minnie Reed, associate conductor; T.
Byron Dewitt, chaplain; Rose M. Pistole
si, marshal; Emma Rohrbacher, organist;
Isabel Morey, warder; Mary H. Lewis,
sentinel, Meta Wolters, Adah; Alice Ben
nett, Ruth; Carrie Blumenberg, Esther;
Mary Kelly, Martha; Annie Schumacher,
Electa.
During the- installation the following
music was rendered by the chapter quar
tet, Mrs. R. J. Hathorn, Miss Esther M.
Phillips, W. H. Collins and George B.
Ferguson: Quartet, "Lord's Prayer" (by
Schilling); solo and quartet, "Largo"
(Handel): quartet, "Home-Light" (Macy);
barytone solo, selected; quartet, "The
Lord Is My Shepherd" (Koschat); so
prano solo, selected; quartet, "Abide With
Me" (Sumner Salter); quartet, "My Hfea
ven In Thee" (Lassen); quartet, "The Two
Angels" (Krogman); quartet, "Star
Song" (Italian hymn) ; quartet, "Gloria
Patri" (Neven). ' '
Among the many who were present
there was one ,who had been absent for
a long time, Miss Melissa Gordon McCon
key, past matron. After the ceremony
there were a number of presentations, a
handsome jewel to Mrs. Rose M. Plsto
lesi, the retiring matron; a bunch of car
nations and- roses to the acting marshal;
a cut glass vase to Mrs. H. M. Owens for
her kindness in having sung for the chap
ter during the ceremonies; a book of
poems from the retiring patron to each
of the ladies who were the points of the
star during his term; and a flower star to
Mrs. Olive Schmidt, the mother of the
chapter. The speeches by the presentors
and by the recipients were ve,ry pleasing.
There were also speeches by a number of
visitors. This was followed by the follow
ing programme of entertainment: Miss
Myrtle Myer, dance; Madame Roeckel,
solo; Mrs. Gertrude Spottiswood, recita
tion; Harry Trlclu Maurer, solo: Miss
Myrtle Myers, dance; Miss Eleanor
Roeckel, solo; J. Rutledge, recitation;
Henry Mauser, solo.
- The music at the installation of the of
ficers of Ivy Chapter, on the night of the
lltht was by Mrs. Lena Carroll Nicholson
(contralto), Miss Mary Chester Williams
(soprano), Harry Taylor (tenor), W. E.
Nicholson (barytone), Mr. King (organist).
The inducting into office of the officers
of Harmony Chapter of the Eastern Star
on the night of the 12th inst. was one of
the very pleasant evenings of installation
week in this order. The hall, decorated
with floVers and evergreens, was crowd
ed to its limits by members of the chap
ter, of the order and their friends to wit
ness the work, performed by Past Matron
Annie Marie Johnson, the installing of
ficer, assisted by Past Matron Emma
Carter as marshal, each doing her part in
the ceremonies in a manner that won for
them many words of commendation. The
new officers of this progressive and active
chapter for the current Eastern Star year
are: Worthy matron, Mary Ella Klein;
v/orthy patron, M. J. Kelly; associate ma
tron, Henrietta W. McLajan; secretary,
Eva M. Hare, treasurer, Emile Crackbon;
conductress, Virginia L..- Lewis; associate
conductress. May F. Carter; Adah. Viola
S. Hauser; Ruth. Dale Warford; Esther,
Marlon S. Dnff ; Martha, Minna A. Cratg;
Electa, Elizabeth V. Gould; warder, Rutlr 1
E. Chandler: sentinel, Walter A. Raw
lins; chaplain, John Bennett; marshal.
Margaret Kelton; organist, Alice E. Sev
erance. After the proclamation of instal
lation E. C. Hare, on behalf of the chap
ter, presented to Grand Worthy Matron
Mrs. C. A. Giberson a beautiful berry
bowl and silver spoon as a token of its
appreciation of her. Judge Frank H. Ker
rigan then presented to Mrs. Margaret
Short Kelton, the retiring matron, a
handsomely designed emblematic star
studded with diamonds. Past Grand Pa
tron Darling presented a past patron's
jewel to Robert N. Carson, the retiring
patron. This was followed by presenting
to Mrs. Nellie A. Darling a large Etrus
can vase as a token of appreciation of the
chapter for her -kindness in lending her
sweet voice to render the music in the
chapter during the past year. After sing-
Ing "America" the meeting was declared
closed, and there was dancing in the low
er hall until midnight.
Woman's Belief Corps.
The reports of Inspectors throughout
the department of California and Nevada,
Woman's Relief Corps, are very gratify
ing, showing the order is in "a prosper
ous condition and the corps doing most
excellent work. The department presi
dent, Lettie M. Winans, spent several
weeks visiting the corps, including the
southern part of the State. She com
bined business with pleasure, as she in
spected nearly all the corps visited. In
each and all she met with a cordial wel
come.
Wallace Reynolds Relief Corps of Santa
Cruz gave a dinner and bazaar Novem
ber 21, which netted $45. The sewing so
ciety of the ! corps also has .$25 to be
turned into the relief fund. On December
8 the regular meeting of the corps was
held and election of officers ] occurred.
Previous to the opening hour a ceremony
entirely new; In [ corps work was per
formed—that of a wedding— the con
tracting parties being Maria Coolbaugh
and Charles H. Randall. At j precisely 1
o'clock the bridal party marched into the
hall to ' the strains of Mendelssohn's
"Wedding March," following somewhat
the initiation march, meeting in front of
a floral altar. The color-bearers, each
with the flag, formed a canopy above tho
couple while the marriage service of the
Methodist ritual was repeated by Dr. Mc-
Creary, chaplain of the local G. A.. R.
post. The groom is a member of Wallace
Reynolds Post, and the bride is an active
member of the corps. It was fitting that
the ceremony should be celebrated in a
meeting of the relief corps and in the
presence of post members. The best flag
of the. corps, draped with white ribbon,
was on the altar in the center of the hall,
and upon its silken folds was a silver tea
service, a gift from the corps ,' members.
Thert were also a chair and center table
from the post and a chair from Mr. Ran
dall's associates at the postofllce. Hearty
congratulations followed, and after a
wedding cake of huge dimensions had
been dispensed bythe bride the corps was
called to order. In the absence of tho
president, who was . quite ill, the bride,
who is the senior vice president, pre
sided. The wedding no doubt • made all
present very compliant, as for- the" first
time In the history of the corps every
officer and delegate was elected by ac
clamation. It is the wish of | Wallace
Reynolds Corps that many of the widows
of the order will follow this very patri
otic example. < -'
Garfleld Corps, W. R. C.
On the. night of the 17th Inst. James A.
Garfleld Corps No. 21 of ' the Woman's
Relief Corps will give a fancy dress so
cial in the Alcazar building in the Interest
of its fund for the relief of the distressed
soldiers of the Civil War under its care.
The Odd Feilows.
\ On the Uth inst. there was Initiatory
work in Templar Lodge, which was per
formed in a very creditable manner.
A new lodge was instituted last week in
Isleton by the grand master, grand war
den and grand secretary,- assisted by del
egates from Sacramento, Elk ■ Grove,
Florin, Birds Landing . and Rio i Vista.
There were about sixty visitors. There
was the institution of the lodge. Installa
tion of the officers and the conferring of
the three degrees, after which there was
a banquet that was partaken of by nearly
ninety members of the order. ■ •
The district degree team of district No.
103, over which District Deputy John T.
Gibson presides, has been fully organized
and will commence to drill in the early
part of January. Since this deputy has
been in charge the district has been stim
ulated to extraordinary activity, and
from the adjournment of the Grand
Lodge to .the present time there have been
initiated in the district sixty members.
This in a measure is due" to the fact that
the active and energetic deputy has of
fered a set of rosewood sILver-mounted
gravels to the lodge that will show -the
greatest percentage of increase and a
jewel to the individual member who shall
have had initiated the greatest number
of strangers during the current term.
Tlie Rebekah.s.
The souvenir party by Oriental T»e
bekah Lodge in Its hall on the night <.f
the Uth, given under tho direction of
Mrs. Harriet G. Beckley,' the noble grand,
was well attended and was a very pleas8
ant affair. Those who contributed to the
evening's entertainment were. Mrs. W.
P. Buswell, vocal selections, accompanist
Miss Gettle; "How the Home isteaks
Were Lost," recitation, Mrs. . Newton
Tharpe; - "Laughing Song," Mrs. H. W.
Osthoff of Templar Lodge. In an inter
esting address oy the Kev. W. Rader
on "Our American Poets," he, told,
of personal interviews with John G.
Whittier and Oliver Wendell Holmes
while he was a theological student. The
last on the programme was a descrip
tive talk by the noble grand, in which
she told of a visit to Juarez, Mexico,
which proved exceedingly interesting. At
the close she presented to each one pres
ent a piece of pottery as a souvenir of
Juarez.
Mrs. Nellie Mitchell, president of- the
California Assembly, announces the fol
lowing visitations for January: On the
2d she will visit Rising Star Lodge at
Sacramento; 3d, the lodge at Roseville;
4th, the one at Napa; 6th, Pleasant
Grove at Pleasant Grove;- 7th, Rei at
Gait; 8th, Florin at Florin; 9th, Wood
land at Woodland; 10th, Citrus at Lin
coln; 11th, Live Oak at Lockeford; 13th,
Lebanon at Stockton; 14th, Flora at Lodi;
15th, Sunshine at Newcastle; 16th, Rain
bow at Stockton; 17th, Elk Grove at Elk
Grove, and 18th, Crescent at Farmington.
Loyal .Rebekah Lodge will give a
Christmas tree party in Odd Fellows'
Hall on the 16th inst.
On the Uth inst. Mission Lodge ten
dered a reception to District Deputy Mrs.
Floy C. Urquhart in Excelsior . Hall.
There was a large attendance and the
evening proved 'a most delightful one.
On the night of the 12th inst. Jubilee
Rebekah Lodge celebrated the second an
niversary of its institution by a grand en
tertainment and ball in the assembly hall
of- the Odd Fellows' building. The at
tendance was large, the entertainment ex
cellent and the dance programme well ar
ranged. All enjoyed the event in the full
est. . ,.'■■'
Ancient Order of Workmen 1 .
The next entertainment and social to
ba given under the auspices of the Grand
Lodge of the Ancient Order of the United
Workmen will be In Odd Fellows' Hall
on the 18th inst.
On the night of the id inst. Magnolia-
Lodge had a very large meeting, there be
ing present ninety-two members and but
two visitors. After disposing of the regu
lar business, which included the reception
of six. applications for membership, N.
Fallek assumed charge of the meeting as
master of ceremonies of the social enter
tainment. Among the features of the en
tertainment, which was a- pleasing one,
were specialties by Harry Auerbach, clog
dancing and songs by Scanian, vocal se
lections by C. L. Parent and M. Hubbard
and a few interludes by members. Past
Master C. Brind entertained with a short
address. During the evening several large
dishes of those delicate Magnolia sand
wiches were disposed of and enjoyed and
then there were cigars and light refresh
ments to wash down the smoke.. ■
Valley Lodge has decided to give a ser
ies of entertainments for the pleasure of
its members and their friends who may
desire to pass a pleasant evening. The
first of these was given on the night of
the 4th inst. and there was a large num
ber of Workmen present to enjoy the in
teresting programme. Master Workman
Dr. F. W. Harris was the master of cere
monies and the programme included:
Piano solo, C. L. Quadt; introductory re
marks, Past Master E. F. Joy; vocal se*
lection, H. Barbee; address, Past Grand
Master D. S. Hirshberg; lightning
sketches, J. A. Dinzler; address, Dep
uty Grand Master W.'H. Barnes; special
ties, R. I. Whalen.'and a boxing contest
by R. Donnovan and J. C Tilden. The
lodge evinced its hospitality by distrib
uting sandwiches, light refreshments and
good cigars. I The committee of arrange
ments was J. C. Tilden, W. W. Allen Jr.
and C. L. Quadt.
The work of reorganizing the drill team
of Prosperity Lodge Is progressing very
satisfactorily. At the last held meeting
of that lodge two strangers were initiated.
Harmony Lodge at Its meeting? on the
night of the last Saturday In November
initiated two strangers. Daniel J. Foley
Sr., outside watchman. , will next month
enter the sixteenth year of continu
ous service in that position. He in that
time has missed but one meeting. -.
At the meeting of Sts. i Johns T Lodge,
Ancient Order United Workmen, on the
12th Inst. Past Master Stock of Franklin
Lodge, on behalf of the -Grand Lodge,
to the lodge a fine emblematic
shield, being the second prize awarded to
the lodge that during a certain period
made the second largest percentage of
gain in members, after which Grand Re
corder Spencer presented to R. F. Mac
kenzie, a member of the lodge, a beautiful
diamond jewel of honor for having during
the same period introduced into the lodge
and had initiated the largest number of
candidates, he having twenty-two to his
credit. He was highly complimented for
his zeal for the order and his lodge in
particular.
Niantic Parlor.
The fourteenth y anniversary ball given
by Niantic Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West in Native Sons' Half on
the night of the • 5th inst. was a very
pleasant social , event that was attended
by. nearly all of the members ,and many
Invited guests. The hall was very, taste
fully decorated, and the grand march, in
which there were many couples, was led
by F. B. and -Mrs. Gallndo. The affair
was under the,>direction of: v ;
Committee of arrangements— John F. Two
rney. Charles F. Plate, M. Claraty. F. O. Me-
Klrath, James P. Gaffney. Reception commit
tee (blue ' badges)— Frank J. MoElrath," A. B.
Mahoney, Lewis F. Byington, J. B. Keenan,'
T. . H.. Betterton, James \ P. Gaffney, J. A.
Lynch. Finlay Cook, Frank Kaufman, Frank
Dunn, "A. W. Borchers. Floor manager, Charles
F. I Plate; assistant floor manager, M. Claraty.
Floor committee (white badges)— Hon.' • B. E.
Schmitz, ; Frank Mordecal, Charles A.' Gardi
ner/ T. E. ■ Sloan, W. E. Carroll, Captain J.
F. Eggert, William A.' O'Leary, . John F.' Two
mey, William H. Byington, Fred Koch, J. D.
Sweeney. . ' .:.■■-■. ' , ,*, ' . • ..
The , Native Sons.
On the occasion of the election of the
officers of Pacific Parlor, N. S. : G. W..
there \ was , a large attendance • of mem
bers. E.' P. E.' Troy, D. D. G.' p., deliv
ered • a short address, in ,which v ho'i com
plimented the parlor on its • high standing
in tha order! and • on j its L prosperity. He
was followed by a 'number, of others who
addressed the .meeting,- among /them
Judge Cabanlss, Daniel A. Ryan, Stephen
V. . Costello, Colonel W. H. Chamberlain.
Leonard Stone . and ' E: - J. Banning.
Amador Parlor of Sutter Creek i3 mak
ing preparations to give a grand ball In
that place on the night of Christmas..
On the night of the 11th inst. the hall
of Alcalde Parlor was- crowded to its
limit by the members of : the parlor and
many from Presidio, Alcatraz and South
San Francisco parlors, the occasion being
a return visits made by Alcalde some
time ago. There were covers set for two
hundred, and the hall was tastefully dec
orated. L. J. Hurley and Al Rahwylsr,
who had charge of the affair, carried it
out to a successful issue.: After the good
things on the tables had been disposed
of there were introductory remarks by
James A. Devoto, past president; vocal
selections by Harry ■ Coleman, George
Sweeney, J. W. Baker and the Manhattan
quartet and mandolin selections by tho
Smith brothers. Grand Trustee . James
L. Gallagher and Supervisor-elect Wil
liam J. Wynne of Rincon Parlor delivered
addresses. ;*
The Native Daughters.
The Native • Daughters' bazaar which
opened on the 13th inst. in Pioneer Hall
will close on the 16th.
The arrangements are all. complete for
the Christmas tree party that is to be
given by Darina Parlor, the parlor of
beautiful girls of the Western Addition.
At the last held meeting there were
among the visitors Grand President Mrs.
Baker, Grand Secretary Miss Laura J.
Frakes, Grand Trustee Mrs. Ella Cam
inetti. PastvGrand Treasurer Miss Liz
zie Douglass "and Ida Kervan. -
There was a" very pleasant meeting of
La. Vespera Parlor, on the night of the
10th Inst., on which occasion mere were
as visitors Past Grand President Mrs.
Belle W. Conrad, Grand Trustees Mrs.
Caminetti and Mrs. .Theodore Lunstedt.
Possibly within the ne.xt four weeks two
new parlors -will be instituted In this city.
The following named were among the
visitors at the office of the grand secre
tary last week: Grand Trustee Mrs. Cami
netti, Dr. Florence Temple, Blanche Rod
erick Sullivan. Lillle Dyer (nee Relchling)
and Miss Mary Dempsey or Minerva Par
lor. ■ ,
Mrs. Lena Hilke Mills, past grand presi
dent, has been visiting tier old home in
Stockton. . . . ■ •
Sons of St. George.
After the installation of officers In Pick
wick Lodge of the Sons Qf St. George on
the 2d inst. there was an open meeting
and many strangers were present by in
vitation. The. programme was In every
way excellent and did credit to the social
committee which had it in charge, some
of the items being of an exceptionally
high standard. Basil Brandon opened
with a piano sqlo. and was followed by
Mr. Fisher > of Burnaby Lodge with
a pathetic- - recitation. . Mr. Potter of
Burnaby Lodge sang an English song.
Mr. Ferguson; accompanied on the banjo
by Mr. Gerrans, the lodge organist,
played a solo on the whistle with very
line effect and was heartily encored. H.
R. Carles sang- a sea song in good style
and accepted a persistent encore. Mr.
Klein on -the auto-harp and harmonica
was the strong piece of the evening, the
audience calling for more again and
again till Mr. Klein at last delicately
hinted that he was tired by playing
"God Save the King." H. Digby John
ston, in a graceful and kindly speech,
made the. presentation of th^e past presi
dent's badge • to the Retiring president,
W. R. Whyte. who acknowledged In a
few words his appreciation of the good
feeling of the lodge and thanked the
members for the assistance they had
given him during his' term of office. Mr.
Howard's phonograph, one of "the latest
Improvements, gave great entertainment.
Hugh Williamson sang in his usual ef
fective style, and in response to an en
core gave "The Boys of the Old Brigade."
Mr. Rogers sang "The Midshipmlte," and
in reply to an 'encore "Always/' . which
last was greatly appreciated. Mr. Ger
rans gave a banjo solo. Mr. Jessop sang
a comic song and was recalled. J. B.
Brown sang very sweetly "If the Waters
Could Speak as They Flow," - and re
sponded to a recall with an old favorite
comic. Some selections on the phono
graph,-winding up with "The Soldiers of
the Queen," brought the proceedings to
a close. The hearty good feeling of Eng
lishmen both among themselves and to
ward the country, of their adoption Is. a
marked feature of their gatherings, and
Pickwiek Lodge, which contains so many
elements of, intellect, "■> humor and ' plain
common sense, if better known would be
eagerly joined by. many of those who
have not hitherto »tcbme Into intimate
contact with the members . of the order
of Sons of St. George. '
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
George A. McGowan, a ,well I knqwn
young attorney of this city, recently ap
pointed by Supreme Chief Southard of
the Knights of the Golden Eagles as su
preme representative for California, has
started out with a vim to build up the
order in this- jurisdiction and Is laying
plans for the organization of new castles
in Oakland. Sacramento, Marysville, Au
burn, Eureka, Vallejo, Santa Rosa and
Los Angeles. " - ,
California Castle No. 1 is striving hard to
retain Its crown of laurels which Sun
Francisco Castle No. 2 is trying to wrest
from it. The last named expects to ini
tiate ■ ; between fifty and seventy- five
strangers on the night of the 13th inst.
in the Pile-rims'. Knights.' and Crusaders'
degrees. There will be a social hour after
the work, preparations to that end having
heen made by a committee' consisting of
C. H. Davis, E. H. Amman and L. A.
Berger. _ - ■ t-
Knights cf Honor.
Durfne the past week Liberty Lodge of
the Knights of Honor Initiated one
stranger and made Ben I. Salomon the
chaplain of the lodge.
Yerba Buena Lodge at Us last held
meeting received three applications. -
Grand Reporter Johnstone visited the
lodge in Vallejo in an official capacity. .
Grand Dictator Archibald paid an of
ficial visit to Petaluma Lodge last week.
Saxon Lodge received one application at
Its last held meeting and Leland Stanford
Lodge received two. '
Golden Crate Camp.
California, Camp of the Woodmen of the
World will, on the 15th inst. proceed to
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, to unveil the
monuments that have been erected to the
memories of thef late . neighbors, James
Anderson, Henry Heinz ; and James J.
Daly. The ceremonies, which are very
impressive, will commence at the ceme
tery named at half-past 1 o'clock, and
when, terminated there the neighbors will
proceed to Holy Cross Cemetery.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
San Francisco Council of the Fraternal
Brotherhood, which is adding to its mem
bership at every meeting, will give a box
and basket social at Native ..Sons' Hall
on the night of the 13th inst.
A new lodge of the order was Instituted
at Carters on the night of the 6th inst.
by General Organizer H. C. Lewis with
thirty-three charter members. ■ , :
Delegates to the Supreme Lodge of the
order, which is to meet in Los Angeles
on the 17th of March, are being elected
at this time. : . ' .
The Supreme Lodge officers report hav
ing issued; seven hundred certificates dur
ing the month of November.
American Foresters.
The wive3 and the daughters, the aunts
and the lady cousins of: the members of
Court Seal Rock - of ': the Foresters of
America are making arrangements to ten
der, a srrand- entertainment and 'ball to
the members of the court during the lat
ter part of January. The ladies will have
many : surprises for the Seal Rockers on
that occasion. ;
add AMERICAN FORESTERS-. ...
On the/evening of the 12th inst. Miss
Alice Tlcoulet, grand chief companion, ac
companied by Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, grand
recording secretary and supreme sub-chiet
companion; Grand Sub-chief Companion
Mrs. Worms, Grand Treasurer Mrs.
Kemp Van Ee, Grand Trustee Mrs. Smith,
Grand Outside Guard Mrs. Callaghan and
a number of past grand officers/paid an
official visit to Martha ; Washington C r
cle. The hall- was beautifully decora ted
and the grand! chief' wtts most cord ally
welcomed. After the business of the even
ing,' which included ..the; initiation of a'
number of candidates, there "were ad
dresses by the grand officers and the pre
sentation -to Miss ; Ticoulet and Mrs. At
wood s of a : handsome , sofa- pillow each > in
appreciation \ of their - services. After the
presentations',: there was. a programme,
that included musical Selections by Mrs.
Kemp Van Ee.* vocal solos by M. Hendon
and Charles Franklin-, and special ::num-
bers '■ by - J. - Lackenback and M. Cassel.
There were served 'refreshments to the
many, who filled. the circle room to Its ut
most, more than 200 being present, and
each was presented a burned leather sou
venir. The affair was managed by Miss
Jennie Schweitzer, Charles M. Licht, Miss
A. Castle, Mrs. M. Easkel and G. Mouser.
NEW OFFICIALS
OF FRATERNITIES
Therg has been another week of elec
tions Iii fraternal societies, with the fol
lowing results:
Presidio Lodge of the Independent Order of
Odd Fellows elected A. H. Blakely noble grand.
C. T. Hass vice grand, W. H. Sharp recording
secretary. A. B. Mlllinghausen financial secre
tary and Frederick Stempke treasurer.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge has elected Ella K
iJourno noble grand, Ada Lawrence vice grand,
Mollie MacCollister recording secretary and
Xessie Smith financial secretary. »
_Templar Rebekah ha3 elected Bessie
Monroe noble grand, Lottie Carson vice grand
and Annie Baker recording secretary.
California Rebekah Lodge has elected Martha
Ossosky ncble grand, MIna Simon vice grand,
Fannie L. Fine secretary and Flora Bergman
trustee.
£ The Past Grands' Association of the I. O.
O. V. has elected P. L. Turpin of Pacific Lodge
president, J. N. Young of Eureka Lodge vice
president, W. T. Webb of Golden Gate Lodge
secretary. C. E. Benedict of California Lodge
treasurer, Louia Kragen of Golden Gate Lodge,
K A. Holmes of Pacific Ledge and J. W.
Perry of Apollo Lodga entertainment commit
tee. The new officers were installed by Past
Grand Master W. ,W. Watson. I
Sequoia Chapter of the Daughters of the
American Revolution has elected the follow
ing named for the ensuing term: Mre. Irving
F. Moulton, regent: Mrs. William Ashburner.
vice regent; Miss Gertrude Burnett, recording
secretary; Mrs. Goorgie E. Mayhew. corre
sponding secretary; Mrs. G. P. Thurston. treas
urer; Hits Ellzaboth M. Jones, registrar; Mrs.
Charles W. Farman, historian; Mrs. Phlletus
Lverts, curator. The election was followed
by a talk by Mrs. Farman on her recent tour
ment! Orlent and the serving of light refresh-
The following named are the officers who will
serve Empress Victoria Lodge of the Daughters
°[. f 1 - George for the current term: Nellie
fatlckney, president; Mrs. E. Harries, vice
president: Mrs. H. Williams, financial secre
tary; Mrs. E. Witts, treasurer; Mrs. A. Creba.
recording secretary; Rosina Craum»r, chaplain;
Mrs. E. Harrison, first conductress; Mrs. Fish
er, second conductress; Nellie Esler, inside
guard; Mrs. M. Jewett. outside guard: Mrs.
P. A. Williams, past president; Mlas E. At
kinson, organist; Mesdames S. Atkinson, S. E.
Johnson and M. Guinan, trustees; Annie Brady,
district deputy worthy grand president.
Seven Pines Circle, Ladies of the G. A. It.,
has elected: Lilly Dunn, president; Ella Tate,
senior vice president; Lizzie F. Tully, Junior
vice president; Lena Scholten, treasurer (re
elected); Martha J. Finch, chaplain (re-elect
ed); Florence Athey, conductress: Allie Bailey,
guard. Julia M. Graham, Anna F. Black,
Mary E. Watson, Rebecca Delmas, Henrietta
Howe, Bessie M. Gerrish, Angelene j. Budd
Mary E. Treadwell, Mary E. Wells and Emma
Soulier, delegates to the State convention.
Golden Gate Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West has elected: Louis. Siebe,
past president; John R. Mclsaacs, president;
William F. Garmes, A. F. Ludeman and
James Nealy. vice presidents; Adolf Eberhart;
recording se'eretary; David Wilson, financial
secretary; H. Pasquale, treasurer; E. G. Fitz
gerald, marshal; J. J. Sweeney, trustee; Drs.
G. J. Fitzgibbon and E. S. Howard, surgeons.
La Vespero Parlor, N. D. G. W., has elect
ed: Nora Nonnenmann, president; Mary T.
Dercsler. Frances \V. Griffiths and Mary F.
McDonough, vice presidents; Nell R. Boege.
recording, . and Annie McDonough,' financial
secretary; Mae O'Connor, treasurer; Ynez
Smith, marshal; Marcella Knlerr, Elizabeth
C. Romer and Cassie McTernan, trustees; Mary
Mattes, inside, and Selma Swenson. outside
sentinel: Emily E. Wlssel, organist; Drs. Al
fred McLaughlin and David B. Todd, physi
cians. ■ - • .
Golden Gate Councilor the National Union
has elected: W. K. Wheelock, president; W.
W. Cross, vice president; J. Smith, speaker;
W. T. Thompson, chaplain; J. J. Scoville. re
cording secretary; Theo Frolich financial sec
retary; J. H. Baker, treasurer; W. Healey.
guard; H. Ite Corbett, usher; R. H. Mowbray,
doorkeeper.
El Dorado Council, National Union, has
elected: E. I. Wolfe, president; H Simon,
vice president; . W. W. Haas, speaker; B.
O'Connell. chaplain^ D. L. Mayer, usher; C-
Rothchlld, recording secretary; J. Callman,
financial secretary; M. Cook, sergeant; John
Lauer. doorkeeper. .
Pacifla Council of the National Union has
elected: E. E. Kahn, president; W. A. Galvin
vice president; J. H. Cutter, ex-president; A*.
M. Flood, speaker; M. A. Fraser, secretary;
J. R. Hlllman, financial secretary ;«E W. Fer
guson, treasurer; Ed Dillon Jr., cHaplaln; A.
S. Nelson, usher; W. C. Anderson, sergeant;
W. R. Davis, doorkeeper; E. E. Kahn J Ot
tenburg and E. B. Cutter, trustees; E E
Kahn, J. H. Cutter, H. W. Maass, C. E. Torres
and J. Ottenburg, delegates to the cabinet.
San Francisco Tent of the Maccabees has
elected: Frank R. Sampson, commander- Ed
Jarkson. lieutenant commander; H H Castle
record keeper; Theo Frolich. finance keeDer;
Carlton W. Seely. chaplain; Dr. Joseph I Man
son, physician; Clarence C. Erickson, sergeant;
C. Smith, master at arms; L. Guermendez
first master of the guards; Cal D. Moran.
second master of the guard; W. Pitt, sentinel;
W. B. Greenbere, picket; George V. Lerol tent
pcribe; James H. Whltesldes, armorer; G E
Kruger, musician: J. M. Jacob!, trustee ' In
stallation first Friday in January •
Golden West Tent of the Knights of the
Maccabees has elected: • K. A. Graves consul
commander; A. Strong, lieutenant commander;
A. Strenett, chaplain; J. A. Dinzler. sereeant;
G. • C. Freeman, record l<-<»eper; J. C Sharp
finance keeper and L. W. Coffey. picket
San Francisco Lodre of the United Moderns
has elected E. W. Jaknbs. chancellor: W . F
Buswell. regent; Miss M. C. Ober. regent- T
G. Hodgkins, recorder (re-elected); J. H. Baker
financier (re-elected); Miss OIHe Acton, mu
sician (re-elected); R. L. Durham, J. H. Paul
pen, F. W. Baker, Mrs. Harice and ,Mlss A
Jacobs, trustees. Harr Wagner will become
past chancellor. • —
California Lodee of the United Moderns has
elected A. C. Gr*>enft>ld. chancellor: W. E.
Jackson, regent: F. H. Jackson, orator, and
James.' Jordan, financial and recording secre
tary. .
Golden West Council of the Rovat Arcanum
has Pic-ted H. D. H"tt. representative to the
Grand Lndee; H. G. V?. Dlnk.»lspeIJ. alternat»
the lf»st named was also elect»<J regent- G#F'
H. Bartlett. vice reeent: T. D. Coiestnck"
orator (re-elected) : T. G. Hndekins. secretary
(re-electe<1) : H. D. Hutt. collector. (n»-ele"tefV> •
Thnmna Banks. tr°asurer (re-Pier ted) : CJ. M.'
Van Bneron. chaplain (re-alerted): I. Blum
guide: J. f. H*v. warren: C. W. Rtrr»b«l, sen
try: H. GruTidPl. T. C. Klennelff and J. C.
Arthony. trvst<»«s. '
Sierra Co"nc«i of th» Foyal Arcanum h«9
pipctPd F. r>. Bacon. P. R.. doV-af to th»
Orpnd Courrll: Csirv H^wrf. alternate- J S
<ie Loncv. r«~,> n t: Dr. j. P Er«<rs. vice regent'-
Dr. J. F. T.U!«v. orator; H W. France s»c
rptary: C. C. de T,ar<««y. "ollpctor: C D Par
'»h. trpasurp»-:' I.. W. 'Rokpr. chaplain- M
Tobrlnpr. enide: 15. B. TMrkie. warden: O. L
Gra^. trustee The«9 officers will b* Installed
bv Pemitv Grand Rp<rent T. G. Hodgkins at
th« first meetlnsr In January. . .
Court Aurora. Foresters of America, has
panted: O. A. Stren<»le. chief ranger: H S
Phat". •"hchlpf; J. J. Fulton, financial, and
V.< .T. MeDevitt. recording secretary; C. A.
■Mitchell.- treasurer: a. Paulsen, penlnr, and A.
McPPvltt. Junior wilward: W. J. Boyens.
soTilor, and F. Schrpihpr. Junior beadle: N.
IMers, trustee: Jacob L^bel, lecturer: Dr. A.
Niisbaum, physician; George Dahl bender, drug
gist. .
Court Sutro He'ehts, Foresters of America,
elected J. A. Mcfarthv. C. R. : A. L. West,
S. C..R.:W. B. Fiuilkn»r, T. : J. W. Gl»adeM,
F.K.; W. J. Boradorl. R. S. ; J. .T. Redninnd
F. S.; .T/H. AllPn, J. W.; A. J. Stvch-. a. B.:
C. R. Gnv, J. B.: G. K. Small. C. E. Morey
and H. M. Locke, trustees; B. M. Clancy. L.;
L. H. Gmnisr. P
. Court Twin Peaks of th» Ancient Order of
Forpsters has elected: A Allen, chief -ranger:
J. Bnodt, ' mibchipf ranper: Alexander Smith
Sr.,' financial secretary: .Alexander Cairns, re
cording secretary; W. T. Hammond, treasurer:
TJ. : H. ° Laplace, senior woodward; Alexander
Smith Jr..-J"n!OT- woodward: C. Juttfne. senior
headle; J. H. F/arnest. Ji'flor beadle: -R. A..
Rravman. orr^nist: J. H. Soner, physician: T».
Koppen. W. B. Curnerter. F. A. Irving, W.
Burrs arn 1 W. T. Tlevln. tm«l»»s.
BAILWAY TEAVEL.
P.QRTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAa
Via Sausalito F«rry.
Commencing September 2», 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
• AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 0:55, 8:30. »y:30. U:C0 a. m..
•1-45 3:15 4:15, 5:15. »«:15, 6:15 p. m.
.EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill VaUey and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 0:30 and 11:40. p. m. *
SUNDAYS— •8:00. nO:00,,*ll:30 a. m., *l:iS,
3:15, •4:45. 0:30, 0:30 p. m. .
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. ' •
FROM SAN- RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25. 0:27, 7:45, 8:35, 10:15
a.m.. '12:25. 2:15, •3:36, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:15, •8:00, •10:00, »11:45 a. in.;
•1:40.; 'S:^ 4:45, *C:aO p. rri.
-Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.'
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
-WEEK DAYS — 5:45. 0:45. 7:35, 8:C5, 10:^0
a. m.. 12:05. 2:45, 3:50,-5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2:15,
3 :30. 5 :C0, .6:45 p. m.
■ - . :■■-■:■■ THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations.- '.
•1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. ;o . -
8:00,a, m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. ■ ' • >" . . ' '
■ .Legal Holiday boats and trains will run. on
Sunday time.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Xrmlaa Ivnvw unit ar* «lut» to nrrlva »•
1 MAN Klt*N):iHt<>.
i (Main Line. Foot of Marfcet Street)
mn ..— From Dxccmbzb 6. 190L — A»am
~:OO» Benlci*. SuUud. Elmlrm and Sacra-
mento.. ... w. .............. SiOS»
IjOOa Vtca»ille. Wl&ter»,"Rum»» 7:33*
7i3«a Martinez, 3au Uaiima.VallaJo, N»p»,
Caliatcga anil SauU Hou.... 0i23f
8:00 a Diris, Woodland. Knigati Landlaj. .
Marynrilie, orotlilo. ' 7tS9r
8:00* Atlautii: Kjpress-Ogden and East? S<*9a
MtflOA Ntlea. Lathrop. Stockton i 1:23r
S:«O.t Niles. Mondota. HauforU. Vis»ll«,
PorterrlU* • 4:33»
8:30a Shwta Kxpresn— Daria, Willkiagjfor
Bartlett Spriuss). Willows. Bed
Bluff. Portland. 7iM»
■•BOa Ban Jose, LiiermoiB. Stockton.
. lone.- Hacrameuto. PlacertlUo,
Mnrja*illR. Ublco. lt«<t lllnfT.. 4sS3p
Hi3n» Oakilalr, Chinese, Sonora, Taolumno 4:23p
9:00a Hay ward, NiltSaod Waj SUtioui.. 1 IiS3a.
WiUOa Vallrjo la:23r
tt:O«A Los Angeles Express — SUrthier, ■
-■ . Tracy. J«tltrop. .Stock tou, lleroed
Fresno and Lot Angeles 7:33a
BsSOa Vallejo. Marlines ami Way Stations 7:53r
1 0:0 wa The Overland limited— Ogden, Uen-
rer, Omaha. Chicago SiSSp
fliOOf Sacramento IMter. Steamer* flliOOr
I SiOOr Benicla, Winters, Sacramento,
- Woutllaiul, Kulkhta I.andlne.
M.iryn»lllH. Orofilln IO:53a
3:3Or Ilayward, Milea autl Way «t»kimi».. 7:S3r
•iiiMip Mnrtlii«z, 8au Itamoii, Vallejo,
Nairn. (MiHtoKa. Hiwla ItoRa HiS.ip
■liOOp Niles LlTermore. Stockton. Lodl... 13:23?
J::i'»r Hayward. Nllen.. San .lose, Litfrmoro t<*:AAA
4:3l>rTliu Owl Limited — Fresno, Tulare,
lUkereflelal. 'jaiisxn for Santa Bar-
, . . lmra. f.«s AnKules StSS«
.Ti«op Port Coata, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 10:23a
: S:OOp Martin* z. Antiocb, Stccktou. Mer-
ced. Frosno 12i2Sp
■ «:O»p Ilaywanl. Miles aud San Jose 7<S94
t>iOUr Vallejo : 11:234
«iO«r Oriental Mull— Ogrien, Denrer,
Oinalia. 8t Louis, Chicago -*:*3*
?:OOr Oregon mid Califnrnit Rx|irnM,Naa-
. .. / rHiumitii, Marysilllw. |:«i1i1Iiik.
I'uiIIhiuI. 1'iigRt riDiii.d and liank S:33a
•inirSan Pablo. Pork Conta, Martiaes
■ ■••I Way Htatious 11.25*
t<:O-%P Vail*) 7i3ap
COAST L.INE (Harrow Uan R «).
. (Foot otllirkcl Street.)- _
MiIOa Newark, (J.>iitnr%llle,,S»Pi.l(j8o, Kelton,
UoiilderUreek.SaiitaOriuandWay
HUtlmm 8«a«»
|»i I Sr Hmiuk Uenteriillv, ttmn .lone. Ni.w
Alniaileu, Frlton. ItouUler Creek.
Santa Crur. aud l'lincipsl tt '*»
-Statlom i IO».i«A
4lil»r Newark, Han Jo«b, Los Oatoa t8:5l»A
a9.3op Hunters' Train— Sin Jobs and Way
Stations n.»O>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. :
From SIS fSlRClSCO— Fool of Muket Street (Slip 8)-
17:15 U.OU 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:J3 5:I5f.«.
rranOHUHO— rHla'Broaawar.— tl>:00 JdiOO 13:0J
10:00«.M. 12:00 8.00 i:Wr.M. * ♦
COAST IjIXE (Hros.l Uange).
(Third mid Towngeml Sts.) X
HilOASan Jo»e and Way HUtion*.. ....... ««■!•»*
7:(IOa Han .JhhoiumI \V»y SUtloli iS:«l»p
/7mmu New Aliraiien / *:10r
»:O()a Coast Line Limited — San Jose.
Gi;n j. Salinas, San Luis Obiipo,
fianra Bsrbara, Lou Angeles and
principal intermediate sUtions.... 10:439
OiOOa Hau .Jdsb. Ties linos. HnnU «'nis,
Paclilc tJroTe, halinaa. 8an Lois
Obispo ami Principal Intermediate
.Station* 4:1OT
1Oi3Oa. San Jcse and Way Stations. »i»«i
I I::i«a Han .Ions and Way HUtioni 9:40a
■\'£fi?rp San Matrn, Uedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara. .San Jose.
Trea Pino*. Santa Ortiz, Salinas.
' Moiuerry iii.-l l"«cilic UroTe |IO:43a
3:»Op San Joa« anil TVay Stations. l>n»r
t-l:I«p Sn.ri.7cinnn.iKt Principal Way .Stations 9i3Or
*s30r Snnset 1 imitcd— Mondays, Wednes-
days, Friday, for Loi Angelei, El
Paso New Orleans and New York.
>trWes Soiidays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays a IOiISa
|5:OOp San Jose, Los Gatos aud Principal
Way autloiis t»:0O*
Ai^Or San .lose suil Principal Way Station! 6:3Oy
«:.'M»l« Kan.IoHc winl Way Stations 7>30r
7:00 e New Orleans Eipresa — Han Lois
Obispo. Santa, Barbara, Los An-
eeles, D minst. El Paso, New Or-
laaru and Eaat 7:34>A
all:45pSaii.losg»n«I Way SUtlong......... 7ia0y
A' for Morning. I* for Afternoon,
t Smiflav rzceiited. t hnuday only.
; a Saturday only;. / Tuesdays aud Fridays^
CALIFOBNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
"WEEK DATS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; l;30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
ban Rafaal to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7 :S0, 8:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, ,3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 0:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
6:05. 6:25. p. m. .
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 28, 1901] San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination | days. [ Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, 10:40am 8:40am,
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10:25am>
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 0 :20pm
Fulton,
7:30am Windsor. 10:25am
' 5:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
I Lytton,
Geyservllle,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am . 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guemevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and
I 5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| 1 10 :40am 1 10 :25am
3:30pm! 5:00pm[ Sebastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdalo
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Sprlng3, Highland Springs. Kelseyvills Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at TJkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley*s, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Orr'a Hot
Springs Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal, WHlits, Laytonvllle, Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. :•
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. "WHITING, . R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt
Santa Fe ~~~~
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovri'd Local
Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
"- Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Vlsalia.. 3:39p 5:00 a
" Bakersfid 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a .......
" Chicago.. 2:15p 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:C0 a. m. train Is tha California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local flret-class passengers. ' No second-
class tickets are- honored on thia train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m,
daily.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily. '
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also '
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. la Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
/ Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. ■ ;
fiOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
WiekTSunT n.^^M,,,,,^. Suj*. Week.
days - -*• •• *• •*-««—■ *>»>»:
9-30 A. 8:00 a. t^ ri!lt w. T- * wo 1-00 P. 9;4j a.
MS f. 10-XOA. £;„„.,£•.-*-«. 3:00 P. &40 p.
4:15 r;fe & —?*«*■ |;i I: "• '•
Fan. 8«b TiMota* to Sommtt aad Bctoim. UN,
OdutOfleu, *3X lUKKEXSTUK aad BACSALIII} IXUZ,
THE WEEKLY CALL
SI jp©f Year.
5960
Hale's.
/ >| r^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^&^^m Here's a combination for the delight ai:d profit'of the entire community. Santa Claus has • S^^bv "S^ 4k y#V^^W^^\
/ aWM\ been keen to 'graspfthe" unique and commanding position held "by Hale Bros, in California.- He f|||i .\i^^^ WJ^ V^i) |T., Y^
y?\\*Sw/jb • Y'rTlflC f^IrhVPQ -JLJ' With these six outlets— -one here in 'San Francisco; another in Sacramento; , one in San iT*^ ; . l-| r|/1 k©l*Chi©tS Af^y-
1*1 ///?# ¥?'i^^\\ : ■ Jose; one in Stockton ; one in Petaluma, and- one in Salinas— -where else is^ there an organization I.lvl.1* clory £ ' »^
\ (TV (k / Are Best Bought at Hale's; that comes in touch* with _o many .people; -'ancl with the best, class of people, too? He says that a .. ■ in their Christ .
\)mipl * You know there are none prettier or store that goes so much "'out of jits' -way to satisfy its customers must have ah intelligent public. There's greater reason for you buying
\({[W\\^W worthier - Thcn/we throw around them so So he ; heartiiy joins hands with us to spread comfort and goodcheer.. . your holiday handkerchiefs at- Hale s t is /l.»^^g|
S «iey U don't know just what they want ; Then what a great store of inspiration this is to Christmas givers! As careful and faithful -More of them mU^^K
//h /y/MXv t fir<;t Nostore can do more to satisfy as we have been to reflect the store on this oage — we can't. At best f we can only hint in a cold way —in broader variety. . • . '^^^3Ss s^
l\{ 1 mankir d in ffloves than does Hale's We ' of what's here. You must come in person if you'd get the full benefit of the help and service we -Fixed up in newer and more orvfvnal way*.
M/fK look to your satisfaction before we look to our your own eyes the ' "' ' &* l\
\\ \///m V///I profits You know they must be small when brightness and beauty of everything: catch the spirit of good will expressed in myriads of ways. Eycn y^ havc de ; p Duchess- lace cor- *
\ Will XL ' WC Can Sdl SUCh a FINE STYLISH GL0VE AS MiSS Hale ' S? ' YOU ' U missa Christmas treat if you do. _ ncrs, while there are many . % %&$$0r *
VIIt The: H. B. for Si.ooPair. ii^li^Iifll „ W- $ > H . „ 1 X ;^^^^^^^^& f^\
PAfr Sffe^^iPpi Order by Mail— It'5 Safe andvQuick. g^llsSpSS m \
Lujfflm*^ wears, so lone it's come to be the most popular every- Write for anything in .this advertisement (or any advertisement) or anything you may think of.. The selline for men centers, edged wiM 2 incnes 01 jtoi m /Ij^jjJMPl,
day jjlove we have. ' - r./-- the next few days will be/so fast that it's well to give us the second or even the third choice, in case what you are ask- iace> or _ . oes- Mnnv Pavnrites Cy^Sii^t^y^ { '
* l Others: . ing for is gone. You may want what everybody else wants. You won't Ret it if you don't get ahead of them. : .' . "AC -5O C l»l a ny r a v^ ui II "T~* ., ' . . .
T atitf«5' CAPE GLOVBS-one-cUsp; m MISSES' TWO-CTL ASP GLOVE-Lamb- B 8 , J _i_ — i ; * b Some are embroidered with lover s knots; others with
red m_* and m-ho__ny; $1.00 per pair. skin, in tan. mode, brown, red. blue, green That a p pHes as well to c i ty folks. No one should delay their buying a minute now. T0-M0ER0W WILL fleur-de-lis; others with butterfly' and many with bow-knot patterns. The new-
TTTE MARVEL KID GI/OVEr-Washa- BOY s» CAPE GLOVTE— One-clasp, with BE BEST DAY OF ALL. We'll get busier every day and the choosing get narrower after that. To make it as pleas- est are those with Motif embroidered corners. Next to the embroiders a ones
x bi f: of reai^nchkid overse^andp^ue pri se ams; m the latest colors; $1-00 per ant and convenient as we can. r ' : . " . comes the scalloped, and there is no end to lacy handkerchiefs, which are m
.g^" 16 *"*^ «Sfag^^BKEta We'll Be Open Eveninjrs— Onlv Ej?-ht More. ■■■', W&S^^^^^^mim 1
'*■'&? iS! e ian 0 J_uihi-_ *I? Slri-J-Psi-M GEWTS'' CAPE GIXOT^For walking Of the chief conveniences the store provides is OUR STORE POSTOFFICE. .Customers may register their Cl 1 ■____» XOT iV\eri«
per pair a betterquauty m the Jouvmj and dri%in_; m tan ana Havana. *i.ou per Eastern pac kages at same time they buy. Means another trip downtown, much waiting and crowding if you went to a- : ' V»***'*r *+ ~r> ■ )
m__eat*_.wpe p»^ f|i»den Wfil Please Hep cit * postoffice. Customers may also send PACKAGES. BY EXPRESS at the same time they buyr-one transaction. —Initial Handkerchiefs, $1.00 and SI 50. '•- # L
O^tfiCh Feat Her I3OHS. 2°%* Train* D>V,Ctothes Books Games * concern- now is that you don't come too late, hard even with
Vi3U IVU * ■• VUIrI 1V1 __^v**4_^. Bolls Mouses - Borki ' ' Doll Furniture Watons as >ig a stock as" we have to keep all the sizes in coats and all the initials in •
& !^SS^^^^0^yo^S^M^mM0i -- rChi - f!0^ouseCoats^6.4|to$9.4 5 .
Sme^one S in the other Of course the fuller and longer they are the more (third and fourth). Nothing has been overlooked or left undone that will add to the pleasure and . happiness of the m M<i»y _< vie" >n Fancv Gotfivfs. i r.~
Fashion smiles on them. " * little folks. , . • The assortment is still broadband satisfying; the styles arc the very !*•_
For Christmas weVe lately supplied ourselves with a fine new collection.^ Vailiae QriH Vflfipiiac Mmv af Tfioif* Roc^ test and nobbiest. Every coat is as full of comfort as it can be. /
those in black at inches $12.60. ne.5o. ii7.6o. VaiUcS allu VancilcS iiUW aj I ncir OSSi. . .-'.... ' Ifv
HI-^5Ba _? __T *_*_: OO— Are &s\_ches ll io_|; $13.50 and 1^.60. are «^ inches ion_;?30. oo. Lines have been replenished — in some cases new ones added. Many jrood things were held back for this last ' /jjg$/ffl - &**Qi\ '* \.'"''* J ' A ,r-'- -m /^£^^° rf^ci? 5^?^
__T____GPI&-AM13.50 and I1T.50. are « inches lcn_. week - Wc>d like to K° into detai1 ?- This^ brief list ™" 8 ive y° U a K°° d idea ° f the latcSt and best ° ffcrs ' ' BTh'- WfM?&'i ' FTWMr\ 3 JS\ TO^M^^ V -
"^~_ll~ - *' ' Horses and Cart^j,_9c. hb£=^ Other Sets of Infantry. /& // . '• ly *^&j$ ; V \» i^V^/^ V\O£W\
$i.5_> Ci _s >^V- Also express wagons and trucks. All R l^_p^?n^^^»f^^Si Qft^_^^L_ Cavalry, artillery, cadets and the ma- A_2§^Y ' r_^_!vft?*_rl f^^^* N^J S^_^X^SyV j/ \^^4_\^C-v7l
'if\'s^ff /^_ll^_-.i^^_4iJr j?l _^. m Made of iron ' ful1 nlckel P lated - KeN li'lifPil i|Jl "" I I F Iff A Mi and runs on wheels: good stron stoy. 2 - 5 ° y^^^^^^^^ft^A
Ji|iljl:|j V^fellf f^^JfJl " h^* ft V^S 0^!!* M T <^4~ J _^tfe~^ \JLiA : / A large varie?°to T c»Sl» from-bones " ]\J___<^_r T/ianC __-» _^^ll__1r_I_-1
Kr5?yy_ 75* Sef V/J*<v\ %!^fe/ iMM^fl Others at 75c, 98c up to $3.7o. • • ■ ■ _l.r—^_d_@S_S_ >• and carts, surreys, tra'ps, automobiles, I^cW IQwClS IO V_^W 1 1 14 1 U I Q •
'-/XVvM^ ' \L^U_/ «/-^r V-^-g- ._. _<mj*^_^r^ 45Y1 1/ f cabs - express wagons, patrol wagons, ' ■*• »▼ *^»-^*^.*-^ «-.* -w -»- - * »« _ _, -^
-v^_? v /'7_^^ 6 _r_* »O. /O >__>§?■_/ layswi^irin 1 r ..O .aP^KH-Lrlv^™ ' l«s^4 fire en Sines, hook and ladders, trains. Ice • ROME CHARM1>G PRESEiNTS.
o .- C _^_^_^^-_-:_^r__- B |ri^TO»a fl W™0_ . If deifvTry' 4S._..^toffiftti^tc™SS: Here you are if you w_nt something pretty and at the same time.^ood and
StBVPriVfirP *w(l 1Uj A VVbv^^^'- r>c_ mW W49t P All new styles and .made of malleable useful. . They are all so original in shape— so beautiful and refined in finish—
OH>CI nUIV <Ju yy vauiVfl " v> * AJify^TTV^^ns^^^.^D Tl m^ J fH Iron -Painted in bright -colors. Prices an d so made they'll be Riven more freely this vear than ever. ■
FO* CHRISTM S. ' _ , V^S/: --^My^ • V. fc ® Sr m&eB^Vliy'^' • ' ' ' We'll tell you about some of them to show you how little they cost and
satisfaction in knowing that the things are just as gooa as iney arc vi ciy _ .. ■ . MM\ ■VyYA cred with imitation horse hair; have bridle, ranted. , . . .. • 1 .2 5 _ r T hree pleces-brusb; comb . and 81.5O-AU celluloid, In black, lined With
No one wants to give' something -that turns out cheap. Bad enough when >^J*1 25 ' 43 lw______^ ■ ?S™ otheS^^^iinl?,^ 1^?-? 1 * 1 " ■ *' ' ' ' ,-k' mirroN_in a heat- caee. lithographed . . -
™ n Jit for yourself that fails. We expect a still bierger trade next W___i^ . lilll-ii^V • Kli) EO iY BOLL Inc-it P ha« I to a « *tiE$&rW3ft*>- : - "'-''(Ek : cover, satin lined. cellulSld fittings.^ • 92.5<V-Full celluloid, handaomely deoo.
hl-Fft , wi we i_ Eivine so mucli for the money this Christmas. 1M IXWjS wierS.^"^ Wcklnls. .1 T TTTlTrTHTLl " M 81. OO-Three pieces, celluloid covered rated, has also handkerchief place. Now
Christmas because ve are givme so mutniui me j VtWS3_SW v • i fl_l1fflfill£ 17-mch doll and a good value. • T^?^V _lHU»__jy,My_.l ■/■I boxa celluloid flttlngs, satin lined case; shape, new trimmings; new throughout.
We ve just received another supply 01 /SE23\fef¥wftf\ ' _d__' 1/liffl UsallSl KTD JRODY DOT T,. .10c— 13 'Inches. 'with T^ r J.Tm33__S_T^^^^B iLnt -^pretty, very original. ■ " Prettiest kind of an ornament for a gen-
Thr»c-=» nfl 'lea Set"? at S6 75 r^fSli' /*S__) ||L___Ul!lL slfepmsr eyes, shoes and stockines. A good /\\ <y\ *" i fTn| $3.2^— Toilet and manicure set com- tleman's dresser. ■ '
They're .uadrlpVepfaledTfaUn finish engraved. Suc_ an «- VtST Q&* K™Z?$i dl&^n^Su'e h^ *}& " M •-■Iffl^^iSiifi'SlS^SS 1^ MILITARY HAIR BRUSHES.
traordiniy^alue for &enri^^^ BOYS' TRUCK. f3_J5-Has a 26-inch plat- aM^^^lff^^TS-hS' __^ " ' • . _=|^ //fl brush. Notice the picture above; tfs $2.50-Flrst the box-lfs black ex-
pected to. We think BO much of them tnat we nave piciurea one form and side pieces. Iron axle and double erade doll at a low price. . ■ .^-^V--^ _=^^ WA worth Btudylng 1 . ' . lold— it's the newest ana moat popular
We wiU describe the Other pictures Shown above: spoked steel wheels: painted in bright red DOT/LY VATMTE-J. 25c— A cloth doll vcisS^" ri V NPPItTIF fl/jyTC style. Next, the brushes— they're mount- m
a li n /--. 91 OS 1 Cracker Jars S2.25. and blue. with a nrinted face; something for the baby. K"n|j 1 _^P^ >H_I fftLA t It BUAtO. v.^..,.. ed with sterllngr silver, have extra Qua>-
P.CKle Castors *1.ZO. urawnr wur* y *._•„-. DOBI^ GO-OART. »1^S—Beed body, with °\«t cannot be broken. - . V _^^ _^—__l__r 81.50— Very, latest thing- in celluloid ity bristles. The whole thins is very
OuadniDle plated. Imitation cut glass Cut glass, with silver P late . d fn1 co y<L r ,' cushion back, parasol and rod; steer wheels; TO Y^ PIANO. OSc— An upright, with 15 gT-p^^ L* H a™7W box. printed with large letters, "Neck- pretty, very attractive.
«t?K«w shaDeT . beaded or scroll patterns; beautiful and varnished. A splendid value. keys; rosewood^finish, 10 n. by 10% In. gs@^l rt «i II jJbPVVXz-ty .ties"; satin lined; the cover la a beauti- /i_»,#n»e uinovBnv
ctands. netv snape. refined ornament as well as useful for the jjnT.T, CA.BS- »8c— 24 inches: rattan body. A full line of other styles priced from 25c QC^ tT\\JLAJ&7tx i ful shade of red. It's a swell gift at a CHlLDS WORK BOX.
Butter Dishes $2.50. table. lined; has parasol and rod; star gear and to 515.TO. . fTTTlI -tMt^X&^£r& 49 '" shrunken price. COc-A neat little box. oval shape, with
Quadruple plated. It Is Intended -to 24-PieCB Table Set $9.25. BANKS.^Rc-Of iron, house shaped; paint- * l^Jjgt * Z 'd°7££ l ff uSe'l™^ deC ° ratl ° n3 1^ fltUnS3: deCOrated cellulold
matc _ a—aj kn 1» e r 6 u Fo4«So^^ COOTBoN " __S J !^SSsS'fll \/ T $ Y ICE cbba^pbeezehs. osc- HAaDKERCMEF BOXES. *$^£*^&&13&
tv^ pt-p showing for the holidays a com- spoons; satin finish shell patterns. No »£« * pf^gd BaI ' comDinauon, \\/r W if /] f IT 7/|» An exact model of the larger ones perfect SI.75-AH celluloid, with fancy lltho- children's work.
ia?._ i _S--f-^-S-Bgr'- saa ■" eCTS ot "-.*»"* the !lHH^iiMl?| Yf^ oftjiif 1^ sf>«.«f--"«"-p«»« 1^ sums.
" _^ ■ ' CC_» * >_» : ■ * •• //W // \\ ■•' ' 7° if ' - I'M • TKAIKTS; 4Oc-Consists of lbcomotiv.. ten- 82J5O-A glove and handkerchief £ox AUTOGBAPH ALBUMS 81. OO-Ex-
s~* % /* __» !T^ * t 1 -_ . ___ vt2-OR \>fc_ «w \% j^.?.-~L_,. i- _/.UftM der and two lar^e cars filled with plctuee combined, celluloid, beautifully lltho- tra large and square, tiger plush back.
W o fYl f^ I £* SrkT^S I-' _ I I O\X7"^ _<T«^^<*'________ U 'V\ - ~^ MaTP _" M IT 1 _P*J ft -£J£. c i^ Made of wood and 38 inches long, 'graphed and worded. It will never grow lull celluloid cover and lithographed.
4^UlU 4 IfilU tY^« .'•• ' ' - /^WCv\Y^----*- ,d| / sa * 1 T r_>CI« STRF^T CAR. ?1.1O— Made of sheet iron; Sid.' - .. . ■. even the leaves are decorated. It's more
IT ■• U^&H \IE____E__iP 1 / / // | J^<^4i\ measures 16 in.; has -two horses; is strong S2.75-A combination necktie and hand- -for the money than common.
NEAR HALF PRICE. < -^- - ' V^^V /__^^^ V // // i^\ iM and well made; painted In blue and yellow, box. extra large, all celluloid. PHOTOGBAPH ALBUMS SI 00-
XoiV &8 50 'O $6 50-Wvre $6.00 to $13.00. ? 1 | 1 if'V . ' ,|* new. lithographed cover, variously got- • Celluloid, touched off with plush cor-
They are the completed ones 'you've all been admiring and coveting lately. |U§f8?X AQrC/' W/l^^^^li \ fej^ ©^101 7^* ten UP ' , U M VlNr crro PHOTOGRAra^ALBUMS^Ss 50-
\'ow that thev have made us profit selling others we are wilhriK to sacrifice on rAX^^^rK 4"V^ - '""W^^gB^L * ®f& *SLW5t* =^^^^k SHAVING SETS. Tiger plush backer decorated cows
♦%,,,-, " ■■"•■-.,.- .- /"■ AM __^?^_# I «s^>^ • ■ -■•." 1A<_9 «S»k\^i©) lT^£? ft^ l^Cs $1.7o-Cellulold case, containing mir- It's a big album for a price nearly half!
*ii r/r -♦ fl««1 ««ct*.r nnri conventional designs— hand embroidered. l__Ja5g^_ ;^ EUCKS ANT) SA.WR. OSc— A good sized VH^T W^J [I 9&^ ' ror > brush, razor and cup. Very neat, Daintily gotten up; contains 28 places
All different — tloral. poster anQ conventional _ebiK"i> n_n- cmuium«Bi. \ ' i I \ « I i i steel saw and a 21-inch buck. Painted red. iC\ (>>«,. Wx^Jtlf A f5l B S<«Bl©_O____C_li one of the newest things this season. for cabinet sized photographs.
Then you'll be glad to hear that we ve made up . _ *- X//v_V^^"^^ "N -_l m A a o_'-_^ e A^-A 9c - o_ _• ; v „ W H_>- ..it , ! _J"I SMOKING SETS ' PHOTOGBAPH AIBTJMS 83.2,7-
5o More Com olete.3of a Pillows at $i. 5 7- . •• ' . - 1 © WjtSM^S^ fSJ. cigarette -.gffl..^r^ffirici? 41^^
Handsome lithographed tops-art ticking backs, trimmed with heavy cord "0./O adJk e reverslble .. boarf t0 be used " IIW U> V>|| |j____S w r?fr^l bolder, match box and cigar cutter, all leaves: well bound and of kood pap«7
and S ThenSSL 1 'itsel? cost $r. 57 . W« givin^you the making for . __ ___ e & Sfh'er, at 25c. 40c and upward. . S(S* . '' encased m beautiful celluloid box. • room for 32 cabinet photos. ,
nothing in orderto help the art department in general. No one comes for a DO^p^GO^pgl^B^. . Tin Kitchens 9c. ■ ______ TiriA1 ,_ __ .._„ TT , njkWAM/r 5« V«*n^ D_^-_,^_>.
|| else she.wan^^^^^ |^ colored; ntted withuten- S ®ffi«SSS KlBDOnS 111 AfflaS BOXCS
Satin to P , band painted, trimmed with ' are oth- C |^o1?^^e^nf^f » i^S^^^^WKH-l^^ S^S^^^i^l^^^^i^ de
1 « o^ rhiffnn- manv shaws and sizes- ers for • "Buttons" and "Spectacles." Iron frame, steel wheels and sheet Iron body. American and Chinese army; in box llx floral . decorations. An exceptionally roo-1 i;_i f ?j frt \~.i£l /I'/rnifnl*^ of X» Vlr All «« « ( • ?t, °i tl?"
lace and chiffon, many snapes ana sizes, en^ here _ re lnk fitan _ s .handkerchief A great toy for the boys. - 12 inches. . , value, other sets at 12c, 25c up to $4. . lighted to receive 1 a'couple_of_these bow^ AH you pay for is the ribbon.' -We
in everv cood shade; 55c to 53.25 each. and glove .boxes, thermometers and cal- - '''"'"' "' ■ K do the tying and boxmg i\REE OP CHABGE. •> j v- .. t
endars, 25c, 50c, 75c to $2.00. _■ '^ . ir « » a - ; .;.« • . i \. The appropriateness and good taste of the gift lies in the ribbon itself. If-
New Patterns in Ba tenb^rg- Scarfs. CB 1 _2_ _rK"F \A/ _r_ _r^r^ ____-^ "__▼ C«_|S4-__T " ; it wmes .from Hale's it's- bound tb v have a mark of individuality and refinement
So new no one has seen them yet.. The first- ■■ OdlC lil VVUllienfe OlllLb* : to {t For CWr ' stm^ €^ w^ | *Jdcd to ouf dready ■ wide assortment. "
TR A TiATTENBEBG SCABF-18x54 inches, of all over lace. $2.65. . ■. • . KOStS OI Holiday Novelties
ANOTEEEPAT^KVBEBflSCAEF-With linen center. 18x54 inches, set off - . $6.OO tO $12.00 Saved. !( V —new and beautiful styles to capture feminine fancy. Three or four of them:
A ?To£WFT_" n jJ AT^Nv er 'q§ SCABT -With linen center; the lace work is beau- Air'kn' Vjtit* nr>* ~Jt1 7 7Z ' s v 4/) /)/)' CtW /••/»»«'« 9* «Y) Liberty Safin PibbonS. New Neck Ribbons
A1 t?f_l H _nd fhtwhS?thing equal tTthe $7.00 ones. It is an extra value marked UHn £ 'f ilfiln' " - *£nn C v cf f <Pn °^ ot ,} he , f0U I 4 *" lnch "berty white and black .triped
55 00 _ ' $22.50 Suits are $ 1 '6.50. $35.00 SlOl's art $2 A 50. inches wide; solid colors, with self-colored ribbons, 45c a yard.
From the burnt leather department, conies this staking offer of , You couldn , t get newer or more fashionable suits if you had them made to your order. wbiS oVbikc^k Srd. lavender ' ""•' New Liberty Saiins.
OOC Japan* S l>Ut DOWIS aL U . T1iPn-thpr*»'«s a cniior' cavi'ncr n P t;?Hp<; " '-h ., Satin and Gros-Grain Very best quality, in everygood shade; 4
T , „ •_„ Tnn nfthcirT and thev are hand-carved. f . 1 lldl tliere S a SllUg Saving DeSiaeS. •- • aatm ana (rroS'brain. inches wide; same on both siaes; 33c.
1 here are TOO OI tnem anu incy aic, iwuu «__i»\.u. . s . . . , i • , i a- 1 r ,1 « ■■■."' - 1 . • .. -So much used now for fancy work and •«• #» .- -. -. .
It's made to draw attention to our burnt work in wood and leather, second Do you know they are every One new Styles— JUSt here. A COUple of the best supplying tail- decoration; made of pure silk; good heavy N?w Satin Taffata.
fl °° r - S 1 ; ors wanted to get rid of their remnant ends of cloth. Maybe they had one suit of this pattern, SgM'S 12c..;.. ...No. 12 be?teTqffirt^ 0P a_d'tt.^S_e?^S r *_ii" : t5S
Women's Switches at $1«OO. • two of that, or three of this. They were willing to turn them over.to us at a loss, but we must take 9,;;:::;:::::::::S O :1 i?-:::::"""."^: 22 1 yard. 8hades; Ue3 np *wW'*o : *
l8 inches long; •wei!*^ them all— couldn't if we hadn't six stores. - # ! .\ . A/I r_ _-_=_ O_*i-_i- + -ir C.;!!^^
try soft and silky, for it's not bleached or dyed era bit of Chinese ha ir about it rf> _ Sl1|t< fkt *I I T C— -ftf PphHip fjhPVl At ' ATlUre frrCLtY 51IKS
Best Human Haip Switches. . .^17.50 pulTS,,ai 4>M.75 -—OI. I^cDDie WlieVlOI. , NT ime pdr cHmz-Mx*
Perfect and good in every way. f-'J-^.'S' • _- • • All-wool pebble cheviot suit, with tight-fitting double-breasted iacket. reve^
On sale Monday morning on a bargain table, main floor. v lined, four rows stitching .on seams and ground edge of garment ve vet collar, skirt made with new V trraduated lighted to St a waisMSJtW
' ■ .> '• ■-■ '^ ""~ U -j*k \ thor ° Ughly up - to^ date and wdI - madc s y it; ?^^i genteeL Colors black {g^ g o % SJ nSg could I beTewer or more -cceptawl
Sj^Mflypl -a fhrrttmflc «.iirn-;«f» In I A^S^tM *-<-'- *> s a- ■ ' •_ "■ * - Among these are exclusive designs in * • • -■
MmW'l AChnstmas-urp,is_.n i^^^^^ $22.5O Suits at $1650. . ; $30.00 Suits for $22 5 O . Cashmere Strips. Printed Warp.
tt^mSr YtViJ |-|_a_r» i^-^rr-rfcC: f^l^^^MVifW^r^ Cheviot, blouse iacket; taffeta lined and trimmed with Eton iackets, double vests, black and white silk, silk- Fane*' C >rded 'Effects. Br^ctdes in p' ain CO 7 ors
%M0 *"^%l!ZTZ^^M' nUtCh " ie i£o Suits at $18 75 ■ P * 3 i?° , SUU<: . 'T * 24 7S - 18 oS^^?B la ck Peau do Soles
-v^^ 'V H Irrl vavifZf* \ -P27.5O 3UHS at Plain and pebble cheviot; tight-fitting jacket with vest of Is one of the popular silk fabrics we have for costumes. W« would not be n
/ " \ @h Cheviot: black, brown and Oxford gray; Russian blouse black and white insertion of satin and braid, trimmed with selling more-of it if there was not merit and satisfaction back of every vard r
MWt,. • r '„ :c u Mm/ , : n t,,w TTowX^^l— ~M jacket, tailor stitching down the front: velvet collar and narrow bands of satin, stitched on in diamond patterns: taf- $1.00, 20 inches; 91.25. 24 inches; $l.oO 22 inches- $2.00 -»■» inches '
"N_gfe_^-/ ih ' s ' snnee\ en "« c a ™ e in .11 ny. now W^)y ■ belt: lined with taffeta; skirt has a deep flowine: flounce, feta lininc: skirt with panel front; graduated flounce; black. '' ' . » ;
much finer, then, to come just ahead of Christ- ,*' finished With tailor stitching. .-■■-.• ■ V navy and brown. . > - A V^fl f=»t 1 51 « ClrktH of C, .-.^
/^^N^/ mas > better time of year for one to appreciate *Wll/bFJ&& ~ /ik VCIICLlall VlOll] al *Pl.OO«
ar woman"waXm a^ X®? f h fAA TflHl^C /if flifiCt XYi^Q. Wf\ fCTA _ tt C E^ual to any V Quality we know ot Been sold out of it six times in four
\y I nree i aoies ot vnristiTias pargains. ™*^ \ a^ 1^^^.^^^^^*^vs^dz. month -^
/«v th^., 6a1 ?. * OT - th ' s wee !5- . , . . .. _). .-- ., \W We've gone through our stock of china and glass ware and crockery, picking out an odd and stray piece here .So you see what other folks think of it Another fr^h «mnlv is iust here
!»/ The li.t. is interesting — worth a careful readinj2f— not a dull, V* __ H t u_ r . nT ir1 ornun^d them in three lots • ' -^ ;«' : a1t th» rinnninr VaetnVe 'mr_4_e *^-* . iresn suppjy is^iust ncrr,
- . a ■■ \ ' ' tnerc ana groupcu mem m mice iuis. ■ ,.. in au tne- popular castors, modes, tans, greens, new blues grays and. cardinal.
/ common oner. VvV.:- ' \t On Table J. - On Table II.. \ On Table III. . 48 inches wide... It's a cloth no one else has or can get ' It's as soft as the
' Side Combs. ; ;^ I Empire Combs. Choice 25C. Choice 60c. ■^v^S^Chpice|98C^Jft , touch of a mouse's ear, as- tough as a piece of leather.
lOc-Flne TK>lUhed shell, with dainty aar- COc-Bea^l shapes, hl.hly polished: shell .^ _. £of>>mfanVases Salad Bowls Here's a rich variety: . HP 1^ J f • "-' ■ • SV ' ■ -' J ' ' ■ '
W^^^§:i;^^^^^M3M^SMMMTi : «MiSIII PPlP^l! . Table Unens ,in Sets
25c-several nyies in this . lot- *om< > fine | »s c ? «i._k,%i?5O, *2.oo-Beautifui '_«- Candlesticks Spoon Holders Tobacco Boxes Etc. . ; ■:■•;■ Celery Trays Cream Sets "... ■.-:..,••.. fhr chri^t«a CIVInc - '
»h,KUT^t.^it h he _;r SSffi_a5^^ d SSS^ ta i_?S5S! r^ S > rc^_ rc a o?LSr%oWer5 The Redoes not nearly represent the J^^ 8 '!££££*?' Th / S qU^ n ° f Ki L tS f< ? r thc housewife. The'y are highly popular with
narrow quiii; ana amber; many . 6 heii and amber. Creati Pitchers Toothpick Holders value of the articles. There is not a ■ nut Bowls Marmalade Jars many families every year— but in greater favor now thin ever It's eauillv
4o<a_«r_ heavy; shell and amber; »,road S They are^ll nicely decorated and^in piecebut what:isw6rth more than we Ever f^_c^aSSn/Sfat _ u £ true.concerning^he hemstitched sheets and pillow cases that match, or lace
a^l^i^SS_^55feS5 1 ■?»«*«*« ; y owning, that why. Christmas week. . . , F ; ne white soft lincn doths ._ d napkins . m^ h hemstjtchED, fom -
COc — Combs tbat fit enurly. with a' quill §3._5 a pair. ' x_ —4- tsUfF /B$ff ' ' -*• a l en StnS. .^. '■ • . \ . '•■■-• l__SSi__9
cfuifLth. 0111 ° ne lnch ° n each 61de N eck Combs.- •■-.<- vrnnr f)PFN -^ /m/ /_a. or/ibr/i _>'_-_> ' f J arc ! s J ot , l £ navhins) to 00 >o $7/0 t set. -
c . _ '. _5c- Sh en _!?a ,L; .ometh.n, new and - STORE OPEN /W/ WytS^^ STORE OPEN . ,-^h I OU^ (wvth navkin.) S5.00 f O JS.ol O. Set. .^
Empire Combs • ■ \ in very pretty de S iKn«: ju»t the-thm» to SATURDAY /£*?/ flm/ /e£^&&f/* >_sW_J_V amr*?^: SATU DAY .-Jtards long (with. naphin-) S7.00 -o $15.00 a, set. m\
LV^" qU " 1Sl ■ r^ d •>«• «*> «« «- EVENINGS TILL /Mf r^^^S^^ EVENINGS TILL M "ffii^ crisD tabline-in the height of it, beauty and value.
4^j5^JS&^ ! J^Sm^ l ?S Pompadour Combs. CHRISTMAS <T»*k*ih>&^^ ' CHRISTMAS ° T ?n^ B w A h^ ASK WITH NAPKINS TO MATCH-Pure Unen. bleached .
amber. 15c. _Op. _.ie. R5c— Large .assortment in wunivimns* p. ■^te^Wfg^lg gjf__g&r_ffi-g«^^ t/17/7/O / /J7/IO -72 Inches $1.25 yard; napkins to match ?4 00 a dozen.
■^ss3ffi_a?_?_JS'.r^. . s^ a r- *-..«-• ,-» t ■.-.., .■/,>•;■...■ ■•,.-.:.3?*! l ri ■!,,.. .....,, . i: , . . • *. 1 %^B»fe.^|^^Ss%H.^«ii
Hale's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1S01.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.Pages 61 to 70
OPEN STANDS GOLDEN GATE INVITING
WORLD'S COMMERCE 10 ITS SHELTER
Destiny Points Way to Where Myriad Travel Lines Converge; and Ships From All
Lands Speed In and Out With Cargoes Representing Every Clime on
Which the Sun Bestows the Guerdon of Fruitful Fields as He Journeys
THIS morning- The Call pays
special attention to the sea
commerce, the shipping and
shipbuilding of the port of
San Francisco and to the
large interests connected there
with. To Its increase the in
dustries of the State of California, the
varied resources of the Pacific Coast, the
Invested capital of all lands, the enter
prise of the world willingly and inevita
bly contributes. Nature carved the
Golden Gate to be the passageway for
the bulk of the trade movement of the
vast Pacific Ocean. Allied Interests on
the Atlantic Ocean and in the interior of
the United States see the hand of destiny
pointing- to San Francisco as the center
to which all lines converge. This Is for
all time the great commercial port of
irfe Pacific Ocean. It fronts a population
s«. vast. In China, the Far East and the
great islands of the Pacific, that the
measure of its future development cannot
be even guessed at.
Facts and figures easily establish tho i
claim that this Is the present leading port
of the Pacific Ocean. Significant facts, so
plain in their Import that they cannot bye
misunderstood by the most casual ob
eerver, point the way that the temporary
advantage that enterprise, coupled -with
natural causes, has conferred upon San
Francisco Is only- a faint indication cf
the lasting: and ever-increasing- domina
tion the Golden Gate must exercise in'
the trend of world's business and affairs.
An abundance cf figures, carefully "com
piled, are submitted herewith. At r the
same time conditions of many kinds are
regarded dispassionately for the sake of
the groat lesson they teach.
When tribute is jiaid to the greatness
cf Ban Francisco, and to her glittering
future, the claims of those wise and en-
Vtrprislng men who have built up . her
JRmmerce; built, owned, managed " and
sailed her ships; provided the many
facilities needed for the malnte-
. . "-■•" 7 7. ' .. " .Jzl, . ..^r. 'IXll' /T> TT._.. .'..■ *......:..' . .>. -■.'.■ ..-...-. t'.. :^:.r^....7^^ ... _^.. .•_7^_
nance of great fleet* that go by
eail or • Eteam; . devised - a -com
prehensive plan for the proper use of the
great harbor that offers its protection to
the carriers of commerce from all lands;
who hav»> added their might and means
to improve in any way the heritage
which nature gave — deserve to be " re
membered. ' San Francisco's real '■ great
name is derived from its geographical
position. It is a great seaport— certain
to be one of the greatest,. If not. greater
than any other in , the entire world.
Those connected with the shipping in
terests have the task of development in
their hands. Well they are performing
their respective duties, and the future, as
well as the present, holds honors for
them.
Co-operative Agencies.
Connected immediately in the home field
with the ' development ' of the sea com
merce or San Francisco are the. many
industries of California. They supply from
the fields; the orchards, the vineyards,
the manufactories and the warehouses a
vast bulk of freight that lures : the ship
ping of the world here. The , agricultu
rist, the fruit grower, the producer of
wines and brandies, the miner, the
merchant, the manufacturer, the artisan,
are all tributary In tfie promotion of the
interests of the State upon the sea In the
matter of sea carriage. Some of these are
represented by organizations which take
care of their affairs In many particulars.
An expression of, opinion has' been ' sought
and obtained from representative men oc
cupying official ', positions in. these organ
izations concerning- San Francisco's com
merce and the means to best promote the
same. It will be seen that the auxiliary
agencies at work for that, desirable end
are valuable. The tone of the several ut
terances Is hopeful and buoyant.'
The first and significant fact 'about the
future of this port is that It has facilities
naturally and room to provide all acces
sories, together, with the financial means,
whenever expansion; of wharves, etc., is
SA1SV FRANCISCO SUNDAY,! DECEMBER 15, 1901.
THE PORT
OF SAN FRANCISCO
AND ITS COMMERCE
necessary. ■ The second is that the men of
affairs and money in the East having their
eyes upon the trade situation of the world
are making their preparations In full sight
of the world to use the Golden Gate as
much as possible for the moving of the
business of the United "States;" and pf
Europe to and from the Orient via San
Francisco. The transcontinental lines
are ! lowering their grades,' shortening
their tracks', "and making their through
rates to the Orient upon such basis that
their evident faith in their ability to use
this route as against all competition vja
Suez or otherwise is manifest. Not the
least of the factors is the great extent
and capacity of California to support a
population of many millions. Coupled
with this consideration are the attractions
of climate; the Inexhaustible supply of
cheap oil for fuel; the vast water power,
convertible into electricity, that will . be
available as Jong as mountain streams
run down the sides of the Sierra to 1111.
storage reservoirs and to turn wheels of
industry.
A Great Harbor. . . .
The harbor of San Francisco is of great
extent. The area of the Bay of San Fran
cisco, exclusive of the basins known as
San "Pablo' and Suisun bay's." reckoned*. to
the line of high water, is 257 square miles,
geventy-nlne square miles are within the
three-fathom contour line and navigable
for large sea -going vessels. The anchor
age basin proper within the boundaries of
the city and . county • of San Francisco
and immediately adjacent thereto, em
braces an area of fifty-nine square miles.'
Notwithstanding its, great s extent, ' ship's
riding at anchor are seldom damaged by
the most violent gales that 'rage' In the
winter months. (
. The entrance to the harbor . between
Fort Point and' L-ime Point is nine-tenths
of a infle wide. The depth of the bar is
33 feet at low water. .Compared with San
Francisco Bay • the harbor of New York
seems insignificant. New York - Bay, > at
high tide, , covers an area of twenty-two
square miles,; of which but nine • and a
half .square miles are within the three
fathom line. Add to this the' deep water
in the North and East rivers and- the to
tal available area is only twenty-one and
a half square miles. The entrance to the
Narrows is- three-fourths . of a mile in
width, but the depth of the water on the
bar does not exceed 22 feet at low water.
: In a pamphlet recently sent out by the
San Francisco Chamber of Commerce the
channel depth and also the averag'e max
imum depth of water at; wharves at the
leading commercial ports of the "world
were stated; : In this general connection
it may be Interesting to know that, the
channel depths of, various American ports
are set forth as follows In the pamphlet
alluded to: San Francisco, 39:2 feet; New
Orleans, 26;, Baltimore, 31:5; Boston. 36:C;
Newport' News, '28:7; New .York, 34:6;
Portland,' Or.',; 24: San Diego, 27:4; New
Haven, 23; Charleston, S. C, 25.
'. 4 The channel depth at important foreign
ports is as follows: Yokohama, 30 feet;
Victoria, B. C., 38; Amsterdam, 30; Auck
land, 43; Rio; de . Janeiro, 34; Odessa, 20;
Sydney, 1 N. S. W.. 1 34:5; Shanghai, 24; Ha
vre,-30. '■' ' . '• ■ •
• The average, depth , at wharf : at high
water Is found, to 'be for 106 ports 29.92
feet." San Francisco has a depth at wharf
ot • 39:2 feet. It may. be not , necessary to
follow, iip , these figures • further. : Enough
has been ; given to ;' show . the superiority
of San .Francisco's harbor in. the essen
tials of area' of available . water, in ' depth
of approach. and In channel and at wharf *
The increasing size of carriers make these
facts valuable." , '••:.'"
Ten -Miles of Front. .
] San Francisco .. has -.'> now .'„ thirty-eight
wharves/ averaging ' 600 : f eet j, in :'. length.
About wjMCKllnear . feet . are available for
the' dockage of ; vessels : at these wharves
and the bulkheads. This Rapacity will bo
greatly ' Increased."'' The possibility of ex
' ' • • ' - 1> , ' ' '
pacsion rests in the fact that only a small
part -'of /the 'vwater, front, • comparatively
speaking, lain: use. , The 7 engineering . de
partment , of ' the State : Board - of '.'Harbor,
Commissioners reports ; ; that there are.ten
miles : oft water front at 'which it Is feasi
ble to make< good moorings, but "that only
one-rthird of - this '-has .been ■ improved -by
wharves. < .The j present wharfage i can be
lengthened, the .-consent, of .the United
States : Government having been obtained
to lengthen- the .pierhead line to 800 feer.
The Legislature of. Calif ornia has also fa
vored the "increase of 'Wharfage facilities
by this means. . • '
- Great ; operations -are ■ proceeding at I the
China-Basin. -where vthe- Santa -Fe Rail
road Company Is filling in a vast area of
Pages 61 to 70
marsh land, having a long lease of thA
property from the State of California.
•There many wharveW will be built. The
-Board of Harbor Commissioners will do a.
great deal of work at that point. In that
section, adjacent to the great plant of the
Union, Iron Works and. other large enter
prises, commerce will be greatly facili
tated by' the completion of the Santa F«
piana. HMMnMHnn62
PORT SUPPLIES AMPLE TRADE FACILITIES
MILES OF FRONT ARE
LINED WITH WHARVES
Opportunities Are Offered That 4he City
improves Upon Scale Suit-
THE San Francisco wharves are
distant from one another from 173
to 200 feet. This supplies a con
siderable bulkhead space, that is
available for email tail and steam
< raft. Deep water in the berth spaces i*
maintained by the continuous use of the
State dredgers. The increase of business
has compelled the Board of Harbor Com
missioners to enlarge certain wharves.
The freight space at the Jackson-street
wharf has been increased by the beard
from 24.0CO square feet to 42,000 siuare
feet. A new wharf has been built at
Howard No. 2. 430 feet Iong. 103 feet wido
and accommodating l'.OfiO tons of freight.
To accommodate the United States
transport service the board has length
ened the Steuart-street wharf ty 760 fet-t.
adding- 20i> feet. Accommodations have
lieen iurnished to the Santa Fe Railroad
Company to enter the city. by ferry. Four
new wharves have been constructed for
the fishermen at the foot of Taylor street.
The- Main-street wharf has been length
ened 220 feet, making it SOJ feet long, in
stead of 570 feet. The wharfage facilities
at Jackson and Howard streets have b^cn
largely addet^ to. There are other addi
tions of importance, which it would tak-»
too much space to mention.
The" great act of importance by the
board was securing tho extension of tho
pierhead line between Folsom street an<i
Van Ness avenue. The legal length for
wharves in that large area is now h00 feet.
Pierhead Line.
Tho extension of the pierhead line and
tho increase in the wharfage accommoda
tions of the port wer % * advocated by the
entire commercial community of San
Frr.ncisco. In a communication addressed
to Governor Gape the Harbor Commis
sioners locognixed this when they set
forth the following:
"Should the business of this port In
cronjie to puch an extent as Is now jjener
nlly conceded that It will legislation will
be necessary Jo enable this commission to
accommodate the modern-built vessels
with wharf facilities. The present outline
of the San Francisco water front was ar
ranged years ago, when* the greatest
length of ihe vessels entering the port
was from 200 to 300 feet. At the time
when these conditions existed the Legis
lature prohibited the Harbor Commission
ers from extending wharves out moro
than 600 feet from the bulkhead line, in
asmuch as the vessels then arriving four
of them, two on each side, could be
moored alongside of a wharf 500 or 600 feet
in length.
"Vessels now afloat and being built In
the shipyards of the world \-ary from 400
to TOO feet in length. Such vessels have
been coming to this port and their num
ber will henceforth increase. Therefore
it can be seen that our dockage room at
wharves. 600 feet and less, has become
minimized. The law should be amended
to permit the extension of wharves out
•a distance of 800 feet from the bulkhead
instead of 600 feet, as provided by the
present law."
This communication was signed by all
the Commissioners. Paris Kilburn. P. J.-
Hamey and Rudolph Herold Jr.. and also
by ex-Governor Budd, Howard C. Holmes
and William D. English, all being con
nected with the board. The Legislature
gave the relief that was asked for and
a new era in wharf building was begun.
Terminal Facilities.
V In recounting the advantages on the wa
ter front of San Francisco for the encour
agement of commerce, the belt railway
should not be lost Bight of. "This is o«e
of the most Important departments under
the new administration of the Harbor
Commission. The road extends from
Powell street to Broadnay. The seawall
on the north end of the water front and
lots acquired by the State in the con
struction of the seawall axe used for yard
room, sidings and freight depots. Prior to
the construction and operation of the belt
railway the several railroad companies,
excepting the Southern Pacific Company,
had no freight terminals in San Fran
cisco.
The freight car terminal of the North
Pacific Coast road was at Sausallto; that
of the San Francisco and North Pacific
rdad (now the California Northwestern)
was at Tiburon. while that of the South
Pacific Coast Railroad was in Alameda.
This condition of thing's occasioned trans-
shipyard of HAY & WRIGHT, (incorporated) Shipbuilders. Repairs on^ Marine Railway a Snecialty
Shipyard, Alaraeda Point. Offleo, 86 Steuart Street. N San Francisco Cal
riel" d H™no%u?^ Olsen, Forester, Commerce, Philippine,- Expansion, Luzon, Mindoro, JohnD. Tallant; Mu-
Steamers_and Steam Schooners Alcazar, Scotia, Navarro, Pasadena, Point Arena. Venture, Mendocino, William L. Hardison Point To™ w*r Motinr,oi '
City, Weeott. Farallone, Truckee. Sunol. Hanalel. Kalulani, Charles Nelson, Frank Sllva. Neponslt, -Falcon, ; Elvira, Car ioarPacheTO^cS™^^ t TiL^^^^i?i2? : ■
•Tholna« A.' Whitelaw. Governor Irwln. Yukon No. 1. Alice. Walter Hackett.- Warrior.' Aloha, Upolu, Alitak. ■ Kadlafc^Record WUHm-L. 8pw«^ y Wh J telaw '
Added to this list must be put lome twenty hydraulic and - clamshell dredgers and a one Ust of > scow- and wrecking school n f manv : ™«' o i. »hi«>,
have suffered shipwreck and which have been almost entirely, rebuilt could be properly classified as a- product of this company °^ any vessels whlch
fers of freight from cars to steamers or
barges, at the points named, for delivery-
In ban Francisco. The outward freight
from this city was transported by steam
ers and barges 10 the paints named and
there leaded on cars for points of destina
tion in (lie interior of th,e State.
Under these circumstances the move
ment of. commerce was' impeded. The ex
tra handling of freight occasioned by this
mode of handling was expensive. The belt
railway furnished a remedy. Each of the
companies previously mentioned has a
freight depot and yard- room on the line
of the road, at which freights • are re
ceived and dispatched. These accommo
dations are n<?ar to the wholesale center
of the city und the drayage haul is con
siderably Icrs than from the Southern
Pacitie freight depot at the southern part
of the city.
Solid Seawall.
The preceding general description of the
means publicly provided for the promo
tion of commerce en the water front of
San Franciscc. hut not Including, those
supplied by private enterprise, may be
completed by pi^. account of the seawall
and the ferry depot.
The seawall extends- along the water
front from the foot of Taylor street in a
southeasterly and southerly direction to a
point 208 feet south of the ferry .depot,
terminatinp for the time at Mission street.
The seav.-all is a desirable thoroughfare
for the immense traffic carried on upon
the water front property. On the south
ond of tho city front the traffic has to be
teamrd over wooden bulkheads. Eventu
ally the seawall will be extended to Chan
nel street, and this, in point of fact, is
recommended by the H:irbor Commission
ers for performance after the necessary
extensions of wharves has been complet
ed. 15y extending to Channel street the
State will come into possession of twenty
four ftfty-vara lots. In addition thereto
tho realignments 'Of the front at the south
fnd will make room ror seven wharves In
addition to the piers already located In
that section.
The coming: cf the Santa Fe Railroad to
Pan Francipco wns nearly coincident with
ihe completion, of the ferry depot build
in!? 1 . In that structure accommodations
are furnished for tho several rail lines
entering the city by ferry. \The name of
Tnion depot might be aptly implied to it.
ns conveying a more exact mea of what
Its uses are. The establishment of this
renter of passongor activity for tho over
land nnd local roads hns been of lnr^e
rulvantase to tho water front. Out of the
idea has eventually prown tho establish
ment of tho main business of the post
office of Ran Francisco.
OriginRlly. soon after the ferry depot
was opened, the t>ostnl station was in thnt
tiulldhur. Orentrr room was needed and
fo n scpnrntc luiHdlnsr was erected bv tJio
Hnrbnr Conmivslonors. which is south of
the ferry depot. There is housed not
only tho 0«pnrtments for th* receipt nnrt
dlsnntch of malls, hut also all the ofnccs»
*^f tho railwnv mnil service. Thus overv
facility r.^sstbio is nfTorded for the prompt
movtnjr of malls and merchants are irivon
nM advantnarcs in reach. Tho postal ser
vice is centered offeotuallv from tho sev
t-rnl stPt'^ns nt Station. D by tho nostnl
cars whi-'h travers* the- city, vta tho
Ftroet railways. In all directions and to all
postal points.
Depot on the Front.
The ferry depot «« fi39 feet lonjr and Its
peneral width Is 159 feet. From the cen
tral portion on Market street a bay pro
jects £8 feet and 144 foot wide. There were
used in the construction about 5,000,000
pounds of steel and cast-iron, 2000 cubic
reet of granite, 30,000 square feet of mar
ble, 53,000 cubic feet of sandstone, 1,450.000
common brick, 125,750 square feet of ex
panded metal and concrete floor arches
40,000 square feet of mosaic flooring and
C75.O00 pounds of galvanized iron, includ
ing roofing. The ferry building covers
107,000 square feet of surface, or more
than ten times that of an ordinary com
mercial building.
The structure was authorized by the
voters of the State, who thereby ■ ex
pressed their desire to aid in the increase
of the commercial importance of this city.
The Legislature of California passed an"
act, which was approved by the Governor
March 17, 1891, to create a fund for the
construction and furnishing by the State
Board of Harbor Commissioners of a gen
eral ferry and passenger depot, and to
provide a. sinking fund for the payment
of bonds to be issued to defray the cost
of the large work to be undertaken. Un
der the provisions of the act the proposi
tion was submitted to the voters of the
THE SAK FRANGISCO CALL, SUNMY, DECEMBER 15, 1901;
LOCAL SCENE FAMILIAR TO ALL SEAMEN
ThilS: VIEW OF TME HARBOR; IS LOOKING SOUTM F^OM FERRY DEPOT.
State. At a general election, which was
held oti November 8, 1892, a majority voted
in favor. In the February following tho
lirst plans and specifications for thy
actual construction c.t the building were
opened by the Board of Harbor Commis
sioners.
There were delays occasioned by con
troversies of various sorts, and .the orig
inal plans und specitlcations were reject
ed. Another eot of bids was opened- in
May; 1^*3. and the construction work be
ppn as soon afterward as convenient. The
date of the,, steel contract wns let March
2G. 1SJ>O. The building was completed July
11. 1S0S. About twenty-eight months, tak
ing out the time consumed in litigation,
waa the period of actunl construction
work after the foundations were ready.
Illustrative Exhibits.
In the ferry depot in addition to the
4 '■■ -\ '
WORKING FOR PORT COMMERCE
1 is evident more ana more, every day, that ?ve occupy a 'most prominent position in the eyes of
the world as a commercial center. Not only issSan Francisco an important station on the tourist
route around the. world, but men with- capital, and brains arc, coming here zvho desire profitable in
vestment and select this as a promising field. It is difficult to say what amount of foreign capital
has been invested here the past year, but it is vcrvlarge'.
The Chamber, of Commerce of San Francisco, the senior commercial organization .of the
Pacific Coast, having been in existence fifty years', has ■ been active during the past .year in en
deavoring to further the various interests which would uplift our commerce and trade' As show
ing increased interest in the Chamber's work,. and a public realisation of the necessity for compe
tent action in pressing the- natural advantages which we already have, the 'membership of the
Chamber is very largely in excess of zvhat it has ever been before. .
A most important movement has recently been made in sending one -of the trustees to Wash
ington to represent the Chamber at the National Capital. Important as are the interests of this
State and city, up to this time it has not had a commercial .representative in Washington; The
brilliant future which lies before us being sc evident,. it only requires the effort on our part to
reach ou{ and grasp it: * ' _ £. SCOTT,
Secretary San Francisco Chamber of Commerce.
railway departments are housed other in
stitutions connected -with material pro
gress. - : • .'
The State Board of Trade has an in
structive exhibition of the products of
California on the third floor. The museum
of the State Mining Bureau is on the same
floor and contains a great exposition of
the' mineral posssibilities of the State, il
lustrating the diversity of minerals and
the vast geographical range of territory
in California that has been demonstrated
to be rich in ores. ~ .* — .
On the second floor of the ferry depot
is also the office of the Pacific Commer
cial Museum. The purpose of this institu
tion, which is- headed by Irving M. Scott
as president and Is supported by the pri
vate subscriptions of the great commer
cial houses of the city, Is sixnilar-to that
of the commercial museum of Philadel
phia.
While this last matter has been "dis
cussed, at different times the present is
n favorable opportunity and connection
for giving some information concerning
an institution which has for its sole and
direct aim the building up of. commerce
between the ports of the United States
and the countries bordering upon the Pa-,
eific Ocean.
This work is proceeding" upon practical
hncs under the guidance of Eugene Good
win, the director of the museum. Agents
r.re abroad in the Philippines, in China
and other Asiatic countries and in the
States of South and Central America In
vestigating the markets afforded for
American products: collecting complete
hnea of samples of all the wares • that
are successfully and prolltably vended
in those lands mentioned, that tho mer-
chants who desire may see how the goods
are packed and what are the .styles and
materials, etc.; also ■ ascertaining the
important knowledge of the financial abil
ity of the '.merchants and dealers of for
eign lands; again, discovering what ma-,
terials are - produced abroad that can be
profitably employed at home in manufac
tures and the arts and commerce.
This, in a word, is equivalent to mak
ing exhaustive inquiry into all things
that can give knowledge "of ■ the ways -.in
which shipping may find freights to and
from this port. ■-. ■...'-. ., )'„ «
In the ferry depot, also, is a collection
provided by the: liberality and enterprise
of the Alaska Commercial .Company, il
lustrative' of the -conditions under which
life in Alaska is found. < This collection
haa been donated by. the Alaska Commer-
cial Company to the University of Cali
fornia.'iand'lt is kept open to the pub
lic on certain days. in the week.
BEET SUGAR INDUSTRY.
\ President N. P. Chlpman reports to tho
California State Board of Trade the fol
lowing concerning the beet sugar indus-.
try of California: "It is not possible to
exaggerate the , importance of the beet
sugar industry /to the farmers of thh
State. The factories are now so distrib
uted as to bring a large portion of the
agricultural lands within their reach.
Some important facts were Jaid before
the public in a recent bulletin Issued from
the Census Bureau, prepared by Special
Agent Spencer. California makes a fine
showing In the report, and the figures
give a clear Idea of the permanent profit
and commercial success of beet sucar
making..: Of the thirty-one factories in
operation May 31 1900. eight are in ■ Cal£
fornla, nine . in Michigan, ■: three in Ne
braska, three in Utah, two in. New York
and one each In Colorado, Illinois. Minne
"■ 100 - Oregon and Washing!
£ ♦ « I li b £ t ' tW0 of these:- factories axe
controlled by -corporations. The total
$i a 0 P 139 a y nt f re 1 ed £ ,»8.519/ It which
5iv 2? <<8 ° Is ln California, $4,013 743 in
The h Sal a^l^' 80^ 99 ? h ln a11 °th«*State£
i ne . total value of the product for th<»
ZFLmWiE**-. 31 ' 19 °£ wa « $7,323,85?!
oi which California furnished $3 499 995
tUmMr ?1 - e02 ' 266 and air other ■states
J. S. KIMBALL, Pres.
' JOHN H.' BULLOCIC See.-TVeas.
: -. - . C. E.- KIMBALL, Vice Pres
KIMBAUL
,' COMPANY: -,..:/.
Shipping and -.Commission;
ALASKA vM COASTING
LINE OF STEAMERS,
Lumber, Railroad Ties,
Tan Bark, Etc.
5 Mcrket t , R c om 2
Telephone Main 521S.
San Francisco, Ca'.
- Cable AddresB KIMBALL, San Francisco
• "A. B. C.-CODE.
Ebsign&lcGuifick 4
23 SPEAR STREET;
Sa n Francisco, Cal.
t : '■': '■
THERE IS HISTORY
FOR EVERY MOORING
Strange Stories Told of Happenings in
Which the Present Has a
Piquant interest.
ym. V O originality can be. claimed for
Ftbwl the plan of public development of
I the water front of San Francisco.
JL Other large ports have belt rail
ways, ferry depots and union pas
senger stations, seawalls and ample
wharfage accommodations for all tne
ships that may come to seek their use.
But it will be always recollected that
the commerce of the port is responsible
for the creation of solid land from Mont
gomery street to tb.e present seaward UEtj
of the water front.
First there were iong wharves P™>jec.
ing from the old shore line out into tne
bay. Then there were cross lines or
bridges that denoted the outlines ol tnt
streets actually.- to be constructed ar.u
which have since become the .avenues
through which the wholesale business cu
San Francisco has been moving to an<_
from ships and cars for many years.
When the network of wharves and
bridges was in existence the tilling in or
lands proceeded. ;
Heaven gave San Francisco sand in
more than one sense and enough to carry
her through many difficulties. There was
enough of the movable material to nil in
to the present water front. A glance into
history gives an idea of the contour op
the bay side of earlier San Francisco and.
incidentally, furnishes a measure by
which to estimate the local opinion -that
the people, if they did not have business
area adequate to their needs, were certain
to create it for themselves with the facil
ities placed by nature within their reach.
The following general facts of interest
are gleaned from Hindi's history, relat
ing to the period of 1S50. According to
KitteH's "account the first city charter,
passed by the Legislature .on- April lo.
1850, had fixed the southerly boundary of
San Francisco by a line parallel to Clay
street, two miles south of the center of
Portsmouth Square, and its western
boundary by a line parallel to Kearny
street a mile and xi half west of the
same center, having its northern and east
ern boundaries commensurate with those
of the county. The -area of land above
high water mark included within these
limits was nearly five square miles. But
there was a very- little. If any, that was
fit for building sites without some change,
either of excavation or filling up, and
hardly a spot, when it was to be covered
with buildings, retained its old surface.
The Original Limits.
Fortunately moat of the uneven surface
consisted of Band, which wasTnoved with
comparative ease, and the work of grau
lnsr proceeded as rapidly as even space
was required. While the hills and ridges
of sand In the city, many of them upward
of fifty feet high, were betnR lowered and
the material was used to elevate hollows
and also to (111 in mudflats, Rreat quan
tities of piles were belns brought into the.
cltv from far and near to build wharves
and to extend the city front Into the bay.
In the course of 1S49 the Broadway
wharf. 250 feet in length, had been con
structed, and by the end of the same year
another wharf had been run out on the
line of Commercial street, from Mont
gomery stree,t eastward about 800 feet.
The last mentioned structure was con
sumed partly .by fire in June. 1850. but it
was almost immediately afterward re
paired, and by degrees .was extended a
distance of 2000 feet into the bay. It con
stituted then and for years was known as
Long Wharf. -
Other wharves were then also begun
and gradually run out into the bay.
Among these was the Market-street
wharf, which by October, 1S50, extended
COO feet; California-street wharf, 400 feet;
Sacramento-street wharf-, ■ 800 feet; Clay
street wharf, 900 feet; "Washington-street
wharf, 275 feet; Jackson-street . wharf, 550
feet, and Pacific-street wharf, 525 feet.
Builders Spend §1,000,000.
-Besides these wharves, which were gen
erally owned by private companies, there
were several piers owned by private in
dividuals, such asHowison's pier, between
California and Sacramento streets, and
Cunningham's wharf and .Lewis' wharf,
near the foot of Green street. ■ Altogether
there was more than 600© -feet of wharf
age, which cost more than $1,000,000. The
wharves named after the streets were the
extensions of such streets. As they moved
forward the piling and capping of the lots
between them followed.
So by degrees as the city advanced all
its lower portion, Including I the greater
Stockton St, and North Point.
/
portion of its business quarter, was built
on piles. Between the long rows of these
piles, and under the houses as well a* the
wharves, ebbed and flowed tlje tides^M
the Earn) hills were removed and thXmli
ing in of the mudflats progressed
wharves became streets, ar.d the houses
rested upon a foundation of earth. buL
not until many of the piles had become
honeycombed by the teredo and numerous
instances of collapse Into the brir.e and
ooze were a part of the local annals of
the time.
West -of where the Bank of California
now stands the first water lot to be filled
in engaged the enterprise of Captain Jo
seph L. Folscm. The work was very ex
pensive, but the value of the property ap
preciated so rapidly that the cost was
found to have beer, a goood investment,
and other citizens followed the txamp's
of Captain Folsom.
Meanwhile, as the wharves extended
into the bay, the cress streets wer? built
on piles, much like an Occidental Venice,
thus inclosing blocks of wj'ter between
them, and a number of old hulks or dis
mantled vessels that had been drawn up
on the mudflats at high tide and convert
ed into business places were shut in.
There were about twenty of the old hulk3
that were so utilized.
Romance of Hulk's.
One of these was the brig Euphemla.
purchased by the ayuntamlento in Aug
ust. 1349. for a prison. It was anchored
near the corner of Jackson and Battery
streets and continued in use as a prison
tor several years.
Another of these vessels was the ship
Apollo, which was anchored near tha
corner of the same streets. It J\a<t been
used as a store ship, but when uSUtery
street, being piled and capped, closed It
in, it was converted into a lodKlnjj-hcyyso
and drinking shop, and was called tfco
Apollo saloon. As a considerable porting
of the hulk rose above tho level «.. th*
streets when they cam<- to be filled in.e
the vessel, located in the middle of Urn
business portion of San Francisco, sur
rounded on all sides by blocks of sub
stantial edifices; presented an object for
curiosity and astonishment.
Tho hull of the ship Thomas Bennett,
on the south side of Howlson's pier, near
the corner of Sacramento and Sansomo
streets, served as the headquarters for
the young blades from Baltimore until
the building of the Monumental engine
house.
Perhaps the most notable of thes*J
vessels which were destined to en<p
their- existence on solid land was th«
ship Niantlc. It was of 450 tons
burden. It had been hauled up on a lot
on the northwest corner of Clay and San
some streets. After the masts and rig
ging and some of the ballast had been re
moved piles were driven on each side to
steady the hull, which was then used for
storing merchandise. Meanwhile tha
land was filled in all about It and tho
city moved on eastward beyond it. The
fire of May, 1S31, destroyed all of the
old ship Niantlc excepting such portions
as were under ground.
Found in a Basement
Soon after the fire of 1851 a hotel, known
as the Niantic House, was erected on
the remains of the old hulk, ■which served
as a foundation. ' • That was a popular
house for some years, but it was finally
succeeded by more pretentious places.
In 1872 the Niantic House waa. torn down,
'and the lot was excavated for the large
brick structure which now' stands on the
site. .
In digging the workmen found the bot
tom of the old hulk filled with dirt and
covering various articles of merchandise,
including several cases of "Jacqueason
Fils" champagne, which had been buried
there for upward of twenty-one*, years.
The Dottles were in good order, but the
wine had seen better days. It had doub*
less been deposited there before 1S51. and
the dirt washed in at the time cf the fire
or In the filling in of- the lot. No one
thought of or inquired for the merchan
dise in the meantime.
From Hittell the facts are also derived >
concerning the subsequent history of the I
water front. The filling in of the mu&J
flats continued and progressed rapidly.
General Kearny, by a decree of March
10. 1847. purported to release to the city
of San Francisco all the right, title and
interest of the Government to the water
, front, excepting such lots as might be
reserved, provided that the property
should be divided into lots and sold at
> public auction.PREPARING TO GARNER GOLDEN HARVEST
BUSINESS HUMS IN
FORMER TIDE AREAS
Traffic Goes On Over the Line Which
Far-Sighted Pioneers Fix in the %
Days of Gold.
THE story of the creation of fatu
ities for the present splendid
harbor of San Francisco Is in
teresting. Under the Kearny de
cree many lots were sold, but a
decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States put the titles of the pur
chasers In question. It became necessary
to procure the title from the State of Cal
ifornia, which was a Territory when Gen
eral Kearny issued his decree. When the
State Legislature in 1S51 came to deal with
the property of San Francisco, including
i he beach and water lots, the use was
granted to the city of San Francisco for
ninety-nine years, except the lots that
had been sold under Kearny's authority.
All the excepted lots were granted to the
hciders of title for ninety-nine years. It
af > provided that alcalde grants or, in
case of loss, properly certified copies
thereof, should be considered as prima
facie evidence.
Sea Line Established.
By the same beach and water lot law
a permanent water front of San Francisco
was established and maps were ordered
to bo prepared and deposited In public
offices upon which the boundary was
delineated by a red lire.
While the water line remained fixed tn<
Legislature reserved the right to regulat
C ~ ; ; ; ; : ■ — ; : ..'•''. .' '. "'''". '. ." ' - — ' ' ',' " ' .o. c : " • : -o
\T\\Tck Rj MCE " AND-REPRIGER^TING MACHINES WnMSM*
V \J JLrf W t\ 1 ™ Of Any Desired Capacity— On the Simplest and Most Economical System. " ;lflim hm[ " ICUIII S UUl
\ ■ t . . Submarine Divinj*
CbClEZ Mo/»h!npc rn California Washington New Mexico F'Hilippinos SouthAmerlca Tahiti In all its Branches
j2tJt& iTlcSvllllaiC© all Oregon Arizona - Hawaii Mexico British Columbia Japan
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., 15 machines, Pacific Coasts. S. Co., 4 machines. Oceanic S. S/Co., 8. machines. Pacific Steam Nav. Co., 1 machJfiB?^. U S. Transports, 8 machines DEALERS IN NEW AXD SECOND HAND
IA/E CARRY IN STOCK Ammonia Piping, Condenser Coils. Ammonia Fittings, Chapman Valves, Mineral! Wool, Insulating Paper. SHiP MATERIAL
'$ Send for 1 Built \/LJL^O/\iN TFJOIN WORKS I SAN FRANCISCO, 65 and stTteuart ST.
Catalogue I by the y V uon H.. J^.^ 1^ 1/y^I^rwO | 'CAL. san francisco, cal.
the construction of wharves or other Im
provements, so that they should not in
terfere with the shipping and commercial
interests of the bay and harbor.
Another law was passed, at the same
session, of the Legislature, empowering
the city of San Francisco to construct
wharves at the ends of all streets con
necting with the bay by extending such
streets, not exceeding 600 feet beyond the
water front or red line that indicated the
front on the official maps. The recent
legislation by which the wharves can be
extended 800 feet from the bulkhead has
been previously mentioned.
From the early consideration of the San
Francisco water front by the Legislature
came about a number of conveyances
that caused much excitement, these be
ing known as the Co'.ton grants.
One of San Francisco's Justices of the
Peace was G. Q. Colton, who assumed
the right, which had been exercised under
the Mexican Government by Justices of
the Peace, of selling lands. He made
grants to whoever would accept them at
the rate of $100 for lots that were worth
much more. Colton went away in a fort
night after this performance and took the
money that he had received for the lots
with him. Proceedings in behalf of the
city were authorized against Colton and
the grants that he had issued were de
clared by the proper authority to be null
and -void.
Large Money Involved.
The property that the Colton grants
covered embraced fifty-three water lots
within the Kearny grant, which were then
estimated to be worth at least $200,000.
The Common Council of San Francisco
passed an ordinance adopting: the condi
tions of an act of the Legislature to
validate the Colton grants, but Mayor
Stephen R. Harris vetoed the ordinance.
In 1853 the Legislature repealed the stat
ute and that ended a great controversy to
titles on the water front.
When the grades of Montgomery and
other streets next to the waters of the
bay were originally fixed, the fact was
seemingly overlooked that the mud flats
would have to be filled in. The street
grades were only a few feet above high
water mark, but were high enough for
the water front as it then existed. When
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 19011
GLIMPSE OF THE BAY OF SAN FRANCISCO
ANOTHER P0NORAM0. TAPING NORTHERN ASPECT FROM FERRY OUTLOOK-
the bay line was fixed by statute 1000 feet
east of the old shore it was found neces
sary to raise the grade.
Over S00 buildings, many of them being
of brick, had to be raised to meet the
higher grade of the streets that was
needed. There were also deep cuttings in
the hills that were necessitated by the en
larged water front. Some of these cut
tings were from ISO to 200 feet deep. So it
appears that the water front, throughout,
exercised materially as important a func
tion in shaping the contour of the city
as it since has commercially, in increas
ing its importance among the maritime
ports of the world.
Over the wharves passed out very large
exports in the first few years of the city
of San Francisco. The State Register
supplies some figures in this connection
that are of interest. In 1848 goods were
imported to the amount of $1,000,000 and
the coin import -was about the same.
$1,000,000. In the same year the export of
gold dust amounted to about $2,000,000. In
1849 San Francisco shipped $5,000,000 In
treasure; in 1S50 upward of $27,000,000; In
1S51 more than $51,000,000: in 1852 In excess
of $46,000,000: in 1853, which was the year
of largest production in the early days,
the treasure shipped from San Francisco
amounted to more than $57,000,000, or more
than $1,000,000 per week.
There were other legal troubles over
the water front which have not been men
tioned. In 1S53 the State was financially
embarrassed and Governor Bigler pro
posed to extend the water front of San
Francisco 600 feet farther into the bay
than the previously fixed limit, hoping
to raise a large amount of money by sell
ing the lots for the benefit of the State
treasury. "As a matter of fact," says
Hittell's history, "all this property, 600
feet beyond the red line, had been includ
ed in the Peter Smith swindle and on
January 2, 1S62, had been knocked down
under the hammer. As the city clearly
had no proprietary interest beyond the
red line, it was plain that the sale was
void."
GREAT HARBOR THAT
IS WITHOUT A PEER
Broad and Splendid Haven to Mold All
Earth's Navies, Which Here
Could Be Secure.
A BILL waa introduced by a mem
ber of the Assembly from Tuol
umne County for the proposed ex
tension of the water front line
and also for the sale of the lots
and the disposition of the proceeds from
the sale.
Under this bill the State would get one
third of the money and the purchasers at
the Peter Smith sale and their grantees
two-thirds. As the property was esti
mated to be worth fully $6,000,000 the large
amount of $4,000,000 was to go Into private
pockets. The bill was passed by the As
sembly, and on the disapproval of the act
all but two of the San Francisco members
of the Assembly resigned their seats. The
other two voted for the extension bill.
When the measure came into the Senate
for final passage the Senators voted 13
to 13.
"All eyes," says Hittell, "were now
turned upon Samuel Purdy.the Lieutenant
Governor, who was president of the Sen
ate and had the casting vote. He unhesi
tatingly voted against the bill and there
by killed it. His vote made him famous
and also made him for the time the most
popular man in California, while it saved
the City from great loss and the State
from disgrace." ■-.
In 1853 there were sold 120 lots at auc
tion that had been included originally in
the city slip property, being in four blocks
along Commercial-street wharf and ex
tending from Sacramento to Clay street,
reserved by the city for a free public dock
for shipping. The average price obtained
for these lots was $10,000 each. The exten
sion of the city had shown that' they
would not be available for the use that
had at first been designed for them.
The proceeds of the sale were, in gross,
$1,193,550. But there was a flaw in the or
dinance by which the city had proceeded,
and the sale was thereby voided. In 1S53
there were sold fifty-one lots between Pa
cific street and Broadway, east from
Sansome street, that the State might raise
money, and these lots were knocked down
at auction for an average of $6S94 per
flfty-vara. This was the first sale under
the beach and water lots act. ■
After many vicissitudes, some of the
more important of which have been des
cribed, the water front of San Francisco
may be said to have entered upon Its sec
ond period. This began when the Board
of State Harbor Commissioners was cre
ated by the Legislature. Since then the
water-front affairs have been adminis
tered by the board, and the systematic
improvements, the construction of the
seawall and other works, have taken
place under the board's general direc
tion. The greatest single event in which
official action has figured In making wa
ter front history in the past few years
was undoubtedly the granting of a lease
of China Basin, by which a competi
tor to the Southern Pacific Company in
the carrying trade overland was ad
mitted directly to the city.
China Basin Lease.
The leasing of China Basin to the
San Joaquin Valley Railroad came at a
time when competition knocked for the
first time at the door. When the build
ing of the Valley road was the principal
topic of discussion in commercial circles
in this city the projectors of that road
decided that without a terminal In this
city the venture was not safe.
In March, 1S95. a -bill was introduced in
the State Legislature to provide for the
lease. The bill passed both houses by a
large majority.
In May the document was signed. That
secured the construction of the competing
road. At this time operations are going
on upon a large scale at the basin, the
work of grading and preparing the lands
for the terminal of the Santa Fe Rail
road, into which company the San Joa
quin Valley road was subsequently
merged, being In progress.
6364
FLEET* —^^jkft^r*^ rLifcfc 1 • \^ .
AICUBIS ....6800 Tons >$tT"*' •' JftT^"~^iak LUXOR 5000 Tons
.SESOSTRIS :..6S00 " HVJ^ Caffiaa ;&§[» RAMSES .'.5000 ,". .
HERMONTHIS ....6W " J/^r^^^^ff NEKO 5000
ITAURI 6200 " rtflOB&<rJv^*ptSVU TOTMES 5000
SAKKARAH €200 " X Wm^W^M^ KAMBTSES 5000 "
AMMO.V ............6200 - — ■ fm-m^^MMwim DE.WKRAH ........5000
AMASIS 6200 " / /* WFs$gm&W$&f ' #1 PENTAUR *5000.
THKBEX 6000 " >j KAIINAK 4200
ABVDOS C. 5000 " W^J^^2J^)rV/] ISIS 4000
munes rcoo •• V | S3f*<*>i^^y/ osiris 4000
MEMPHIS 5000 " \3.MM^ HERODOT 4000 "
HATHOR 5000 " SERAPIS ...4000 "
SAN FRANCISCO •r # ; Ll-JNti
— iTO
VALPARAISO AND HAMBURG
VIA MEXIC4N,
CENTRAL AND SOUTH AMERICAN PORTS
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. GO.
CENERAL AGENTS
327 MARKET STREET
LENDAL Wt. CRAY, Manager
318 CALIFORNIA ST.
SAN FRANCISCO
GENERAL
INSURANCE
AVERAGE ADJUSTERS
AND INSURANCE BROKERS
CABLE ADDRESS "NARWHAL" TELEPHONE MAIN 1525
' OFFICE: !
\ yfff^7 - ' *■ ~^3^ 303 09;llI0rill3; Stij j
Hunters Point and
Foot of Spear St.
for cleaning and painting, or for
" a3ir " - '^ surveys and repairs.
Hunters Point Stone Graving Dock, new sio&s ghavngdock
TAWfff>1 ° iQ , *^. AtHtmtcrsPoint Now la Comae of Constrnctioa. I
•Lscngrn • ••••••••■••••. ,\so icet ,
Width at Coping 120 feet L^ufc'&pi^ ™:3Ki:K^:Km St '
Depth over Sill 24 feet Depth of Sill 28 feet '
FLOATING DOCKS— FOOT OF SPEAR ST. j
Length— No. 1. 302 feet: width, 90 feet: capable of liftine 3000 tons. No. 2, 1000 tons. '
No. S, in course of construction, 1800 tons. J
L. FOARD
SHIP CHANDLER
Dealer in NAVAL STORES •
% S-7-9 STEUART STREET
Telephone MAIN 6T0
LLOYDS' REGjSTER
..BRITISH AND FOREIGN SHIPPING..
• i*ltl I wALirtl 9 /
W. H. STBWART, r UPVey ° rs
Plans and Specifications Prepared for AH Types
of Ships and Steamers
303 CALIFORNIA ST., SAN FRANCISCO '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901.
TIME'S FLOOD LANDWARD BRINGS
LEGENDARY FLOTSAM AND JETSAM
Wedding of the. Sea and Shore, Accompanied by Episodes
Bordering Upon the Romantic, in Which Flit '■■
THE shipping of San Francisco has
been so vast in the nearly half
century of the use of the Golden
Gate by Americans that noth-
ing like a complete history of it
can be attempted in the space allowed,
but there are many interesting: facts that
can be mentioned. The minds of mari
ners naturally turn back to the glory of
the days of the clipper ships that played
so prominent a part in the early annals of
this State. . .
They were sailing vessels measuring 1000
tons or more, with sharp bows, sides mod
eled for speed, tall masts and capacity to
carry a great spread of canvas. /Their
first ' appearance in the bay of San
Francisco was In the latter part of 1850,
in answer to the demand tor quick trans
portation of large quantities of freight to
San Francisco. They were superior to
anjj sailing ships then afloat in elegance
and marine architecture.
Eulldozed the Owners.
Mixed in with the early maritime his- :
KOREA, LARGEST SHIP BUILT IN AMERICA
VESSEL WHICH WILL CLAlA PROUD TITLE OF "MISTRESS OF THE PACIFIC.'*
tory of San Francisco are narratives cal
culated to make the nautlcally inclined
smile. For instance there was the case
of the Dutch bark Alexander von Hum
boldt, that was chartered at Panama in
1849 to carry coal.
. There were so many persons waiting at
the I isthmus . to be I carried to • California
that the- owners decided - to ;', turn » their
Humboldt into a. passenger' vessel for the
time. The sale of tickets ; at the-.'rate. of.
$300 each.' went -on •'-with great speed, and
before the sailing time it was discovered
that there were nearly 100. more passen
gers booked than could be safely carried.'
The owners had already received $60,000
for passage money when the discovery
was made that the ship had been over-
MUSEUM LENDS ITS ASSISTANCE
THE efforts of the merchants of San Francisco to establish in this city a commercial museum
as a medium through which a wider knowledge of the commerce and products of the coun
tries bordering on the Pacific Ocean may be obtained are about to be realized.
An office zvas opened last spring in the ferry building and quite a large space for the exhibit
of products set aside for the use of the inuscum through the public spirit of the Board of Harbor
Commissioners. Since then active measures have been taken to collect the materials for a bureau
of information, to be supplemented by an exhibit not only of the razv products of Pacific Ocean
countries but also of the articles of foreign manufacture now sold in those countries, with zvhich
Exhibits from the Buffalo Exposition have arrived and are being installed in the museum; a
large consignment of exhibits covering most of the Pacific Ocean countries is promised next
month; an agent of the museum in the Philippines has been at work for several months collecting
exhibits in the islands, this "work being under the charge of a special committee consisting of
Messrs. Barry Baldzvin and Oscar Sutro, formerly of this city, and Mr. John McLeod, president
of the Compania Maritima of Manila. . " EUGENE .GOODWIN,
Director Pacific Commercial Museum.
¥*• Ltd 1 t tt n
Piper, Aden, uoodall Co.
Bay and River Freighting
Steamers, Schooners and B.arges
24 CLAY STREET
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
sold. Then the passengers called a meet
ing and forbade the captain to hoist an
chor. The owners were i seized by the
passengers and made prisoners upon the
Humboldt until on their knees they had
agreed to charter a brig that was lying
in the harbor to carry the excess of those
who had paid their fare and could not be
safely accommodated upon the Humboldt.
Eighty-four were then
transferred to the brig, but it was dis
covered that the provisions were both
bad and scanty in supply and another de
mand was made upon the owners, which
was that "they should get enough pro
visions and of good quality.
-When the owners refused to do this the
passengers bought the provisions and
gave notice that they had a lien upon
the Humboldt. The case of < the Brit
ish bark John Ritson, which sailed
from Panama for San Francisco in the
early days with about seventy passen
gers, was somewhat similar.
The captain of the Ritson had received
his money from the passengers at the
rate of $200 for the cabin and $150 for' the
steerage. .When the ship went to sea the
passengers found out directly that the
food supply was small and" that the food
was not good to eat. The steerage ■ pas
sengers refused to accept wormy biscuit:
The captain listened to them with a smile.
The passengers got possession : of a~. bar
rel of good provisions and helped them
selves. '\ --■
Master Is Wrathy.
> Then the; .master, became furious and
threatened to -.throw overboard, any per
son who again- helped himself to ship's
stores. This did not produce the effect
that the captain On the con
trary, his refractory passengers threat
ened to put him' overboard if he did not
see to it that their .bill of fare was mend-
ed. Then there was a stormy scene.
The captain threatened to return to
Panama and also to run his ship ashore.
The passengers told him that he could
do as he thought best about that, but
they would have good food while they
were on his vessel or he would suffer for
the lack. ■-••..
The captain still stormed, but" about
that time a New Bedford bark passed
the Ritson at sea and gave the informa
tion that the passengers had placed her
captain and officers in confinement and
had taken charge of the vessel. A Brit
ish man-of-war went after the Americans
who had thus taken the law into their
own hands upon the high seas. The ex
ample was not lost upon the master or
the Ritson and his passengers saw a
marked betterment from that day.
Of the 1 immigrants to California who
came by sea. a very large proportion were
from the Atlantic coast of the .United
States and were familiar with the man
agement of ships, many of them being
skilled navigators. They were able to
handle the ships, and their controversies
with the masters of the vessels In the
case of any injustice directed against the
passengers was not one-sided.
Before the completion of the- Central
and Union Pacific railroads the shipping
Industry of the'port of San Francisco was
free to be developed fully. After a time
the policy of the railroad companies, who
determined to control and monopolize as
much- as possible the carrying trade be
tween the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of
the United States, embraced a systematic
Interference with shipping enterprise and
brought about a radical ■ change in con
ditions and eventually led, to a new era,
the storyof which is necessarily long.. In
that was involved the determined struggle
with the transcontinental, railways and
their allied sea lines, whose Iron clutch
was on the throat of this port.
! i 2 j ' Ijmajsshc]; {majestic I
ORESfi^^STIC RANGE
IS NOT BOUGHT OFTEN
Before purchasing get our prices on
THE GREAT
MAJESTIC v
Malleable Iron and Steel Range.
LEWIS E.SPdAR CO.
37 Market Street.; '
A postal request will bring our booklet, "AH
About Ranges and Kitchen Arrangements.".: '-: j
— — " i
Dollar Steamship Co 9
S
204 FRONT STREET
SAN FRANQSCO
TELEPHONE, MAIN 6013
DARBY LAYDON
Wharf Builder, Pile
Driver and General
Contractor
ESTIMATES GIVEN ON WHARF, RAILROAD
AND BRIDGE WORK OF EVERY DESCRIP-
TION. PILES AND LUMBER CONSTANTLY
ON HAND •
44 EAST ST., South
Rooms 5, 6 and 7
SAN FRANCISCO
Ship Owners wfl Merchants Tug Boat Company
W. J. GRAY, Superintendent
vtESS " r77r? \ v**m*y
longing to this , ■ _ rf ..jj ni| m , tlt
company: . - - prOV!(l6tl Wltll
"Sea Lion" ■ -1
"Sea Kin»" - • • IlluSpSIlaSIlI
"Sea Queen';.... r A \\ : .^ Wrecking and
•liPnW' - V 4T*^ *Vl - Fire Pumps, and
- 'I . : .jt%-m\ W the Iar 2 er Tu SS
"Monarch" ,^^^^&^^^£^^M carr J tt8 same «
every emergency »-»>.-—. .^. --.■-... ... ,.^. *..... ._j
on the Coast at «< f <-r
reasonable rates. ola,Ck 1 Op
Wharf, Vallejo Street Telephone Main 390
General Business Office— 302 California Street, San Francisco, Cal.
John Rosenield's. Sons
Wholesale Coal Dealers
TV* J. "L T • 9
Dispatch. Line of
Clipper Ships
for New York
202 Sansome Street
* SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
ALBERT MEYER & CO.
\ SHIP STORES
and SUPPLIES
16 and 18 Sacramento St. San Francisco.o ._ : — : \ — " . ;,;,.. ; • • — — — - — - •• • ; y - , . , ' ' t — — — — " .;;,::.," ; — — : — -^o
||_ imlV/li UttO juHUUME vVij «• *-• union rouble
~" ~ ~ ~~'~ —--*■ - - -^ 244 FIRST STREET Cylinder Gasoline Engine
AucKland Harbor Board's Laui)cf)"KuaKa." Leogtl). 75 feet; bean),!4 feet; draught, 6 feet. Fitted v
with ao 85 B. H- P. "U 0 ioo Oil Engine." a 4^ H- P. "Union Hoisting Engins " and a Z% \\. P. stationary SAN FRANCISCO CALIFORNIA
engine for electric lighting. Speed. \Q% Knots. . V
< — , ; ; t ■ = ■ — : '■ — i : : — ; "o
Telephone
Main 5718
FERRY
CAFE
Louis A. Arzner, Prop.
16 Market Street
San Francisco, Cal.
W. R. GRACE & CO,
INCORPORATED.
Shipping and
Commission
Merchants
And Importers of
Portland Cement,
PATENT COKE,
COAL, NITRATE OF SODA, ETC.
Regular line of Sailing Vessels. Antwerp
to San Francisco; also Sailing Vessels
from Antwerp to Port Los Angeles and
Portland, Or.
AGENTS FOR THE BANK OF
TARAPACA AND ARGENTINA, LTD.
Branch bouses in New York, London,
Lima, Valparaiso, Callao. Santiago and
Concepcion.
§234 CALIFORNIA STREET
T SAJf FRAKCISCO. -
J. R. SAVORY
SHIPPING
MASTER
11 Steuart Street
SAN FRANCISCO
H. W. GOODALI/. President. HiLRRT J. HART. Sec'y & Gen'I Mang'r.
J. H. BENNETT. Vice-President. FIRST NATIONAL BANK. Treasurer.
Western Commercial Co.
INCORPORATED
204 CAUFOBNIA STREET
■ ■ - .. ■ - ■ — ....
SfflPPING AND COMMISSION--
AGENTS DETCOIT SHIP CEMENTS *
Telephone Cable Address
MAIN 5809 "MINOR"
M Llebers & Watkins Code
•»CALIFOfiNIA«-
Stevedore and Ballast Co.
INCORPORATED
OFFICE— 204 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
ARGONAUTIC FLEETS PLOW ABOUT BLEAK CAPE HORN,
BRINGING MULTITUDES SEEKING FOR GOLDEN FLEECE
AT one time the clipper ship was
the symbol of touch -with the
outer world. The .clippers were
flyers truly. Time was precious
and the charges of the clipper
owners were based upon the necessities
of the people who had to use their
vessels perforce. For several years
the rate on certain sorts of freight from
New York to San Francisco by clipper
SAN FRANCISCO HARBOR IN THE YEAR 1857, WHEN WHARVES WERE FEW
TYPICAL SCENE AT fl PERIOD WHEN THE TIDES EBBED AND FLOWED DAILY OVER WHflT IS NOW THE WHOLE
SALE SECTION EAST OF MONTGOMERY STREET.
ship was $50 per ton, which was about
four times the ruling rate prior to the
clipper advent. In return the clippers
clapped on all the sail they could carry
and went along with "a white bone in
their teeth" as fast as the blasts of old
ocean would carry them.
Very Fast Sailing.
It was not uncommon for a clipper to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901.
make a trip from New York to San Fran
cisco in less than three months. They
beat the older ships fully one-third in
time. With a good breeze they would
leave ocean steamers behind.
"Sailors," says Hittel, "saw them at
first with amazement, and have not yet
lost their admiration for the clippers."
Often a California clipper earned nearly
enough en its first voyage 'to pay for its
cost. On several occasions the owners
found that the freights from cargoes
shipped amounted to twice the cost of
building the ship.
The names of the early clippers were
suggestive of the romance of the sea,
among them being the White Squall,
Flying Cloud. Trade Wind and Sovereign
of the Seas. The expenses of lying at a
San Francisco wharf was then about
$100 per day, which made discharging ex
pensive. It was, correspondingly expo-
ROCOCO BAR, 2 MARKET STREET, CORE OF SACRAMENTO: '
ditious, the stevedores coming on for an
inducement from the owners to "make
speed," which they surely did.
In a period of nine months in 1849 there
were 549 vessels to pass in through the
Golden Gate to the bay of San Francisco.
Of these 223 came in from Atlantic coast
ports of the United States and 31G were
from other ports. There were two ar
rivals per day on the average.
This considerable fleet of vessels
brought to San Francisco 35,000 persons
In the time indicated, of whom 23,000 were
Americans. Three thousand sailors de
serted their ships in a short time and in
the beginning of August, 1849, there
were 200 square-rigged vessels lying in
the bay without crews and unable to get
away. That same year 42,000 immigrants
came into the State overland, and the
end of the year gavq California a right
to claim 100,000 population. Many of the
vessels that brought in immigrants from
tho East were "old. tubs" that were un
safe to sail upon. Somehow almost all
of them arrived safely in port. when
there was such' pressure to reach San
Francisco everything went.
The first steamer to enter the Golden
Gate was the Pacific Mail liner, the Cali
fornia, which with two sister ships was
built for the California trade, to run be
tween the isthmus of Panama and Ore
gon, stopping at San Francisco, by the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
The corporation named came into ex
istence in the beginning of the gold ex
citement. The entrance of the Califor
nia to the bay is well described by Hit
tell.
She arrived on the forenoon of Febru
ary 28, 1849. The people went to the top
of Telegraph Hill and to Clarks Point,
the latter being the place where all
freight was then landed. The California,
black with wondering passengers, came
around Clarks Point, arid two American
men-of-war that were lying at anchor
greeted her with cannon, the playing of
a band and the manning of yards, while
the crews cheered loudly. The cheering
was repeated on the shore and answered
from the deck and rigging of the
steamer.
That night the people celebrated the ar
rival of the first steamer in the charac-
teristlc manner of the time. The build
ings were illuminated; fireworks were dis
charged; pistols were fired; champagne
was drunk in "volleys," the jovial Cali
fornians "firing and falling back" in
squads.
The first steamboat to run regularly be
tween San Francisco and Sacramento was
the ocean steamer McKlm, which arrived
at San Francisco October 3, 1849.
Pope & Talbot
Lumber
Manufacturers
and Exporters ... .
.314 California St, San Francisco, Cal.
Port Gamble, Port Ludlow and Utsalady, Puget
Sound, Washington, U. S- A.
W. W. De Leno. F. M. De Uaa*
Telephone Front 64.
De La no
Bros.
Brass, Copper
and Sheet
Metal Workers
Engine-room Telegraphs, Bells
and Speaking Tubes
A Specialty Made of Every De-
scription of Marine Work. Jobbing
Promptly Attended To.
No, 21 Spear St., San Francisco
E. F. Taylor F. L. Pritchard
Telephone Drumm 35.
Taylor & Pritchard
Agents for
Steel Ranges
STEAMSHIP
PLUMBING
AND
PIPE FITTING
A SPECIALTY
12-14 Market St.
San Francisco* CaL
6566
— ' — ' ""*■ "*^ ? Launches
) . J "CROWLEY"
?^^ s^^™^^^y a "SCOUT" "CHIEF"
) " "" ' v ~~—~ f FREIGHT "SHAMROCK"
BARGE on/WIIWUI\
•PHONE MAIN 274
Thos. Growley & Bros.
% Launch BOATMEN
Office and Berth: VALLEJOSTREET WHARF
OPEN ALL NIGHT
PARTIES TflKEN TO ALL
POINTS ON THE BAY. .. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
G . .. . % O
ecteoocooeooooe«eo«oQ99oeeoe*Qeo9eooeo9eo9€>**c
9 Established 1865 *
• —^— — — e
| . N • < .§
• Cft
• ' •
| PHILIP COHEN'S j
! BATHS j
o Shaving and Hair Dressing: -Saloon •
§ 12 Sacramento St. |
• Opp. Market ©
S "~ *
• •
• « 8
I 8
o First-class Shaving Outfits For Sale ©
C©eO93O©GCQOOe©OeOO©©3OOQOO9OOO©9e®90©©©eO$QS
TELEPHONE
== M.D. Vanvales & Co.
PB LIMES LES Importers. Wholesale Dealers and
dates GENEDAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS
FUFE OLIVE OIL la Green and Dried Foreign
AND sad Domestic Fruits, Nuts, Poul"
CHEESE try. Eggs, Butter. Potatoes, Etc
J? 318-320 Washington St 317-319 Oregon SL
box 203/. SAN FDANCISCO
,>— — . . . Q
W. A. BENDER GEO. L. BENDER
BENDER BROTHERS
Commission Merchants
Wholesale Dealers in
R. R. 1 Tics, Tan Bark, Telegraph Poles and all kinds
of Split' Timber
Telephone Bush 273 5 Market St.. Rooms 13 and 14
~ San Francisco, Cal.
o * * o
o- — . : o
Record of American
and Foreign Shipping
The British Corporation lor tne Survey and Registry of
Shipping Surveyors
H. H. Watson ~" P. H-. Evans
3O3 CALIFORNIA STREET
O— _ Q
O ——————^_____ Q
( :. I. C. HOBBS, Frwident CHABLES S. BDQAK, Qin'l Manager. L. B THOMAS Ztt'j
hjOBBS, WALL & CO.
(INCORPORATED)
Box Manufacturers
488 BEALE ST. Sao Francisco
S? | C^|Pp-pmG BUTTER - - OFFICE STWcSTS^S^S? 1 SS2? ?
CHESTS. LOCK-CORMEK Proprietors of Elk River MIIIb. Crescent City
BOXES 2, wn i° e and operating Crescent City and S. H.
ft. II. ■ .
AH U*nd« of Iwiomd hand and made to order with nromntiiM*
Clear and «elec1 t.pr.ce (or .ale in q««VtIiU,V to'anu" ' ''
Ucanood tarroei Sawed, to Order.
. 1 \.' , PHONE AIN 157
° ===_3
? ' — O
C. G. CLINCH & CO.
PAINTS, OILS, VARNISHES, Etc.
International Anti-Fouling Compositions
VULCAN (AsbestosV BLACK
FOR SMOKESTACKS, BOILER FRONTS, Etc.
Marine Oils and Paints a Specialty
Q FrOntSt. S»n Francisco
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901.
OVERLAND CARRIERS PLOTTING
AGAINST WATER COMPETITION
Allied Transportation Lines Make the Strongest Effort
Possible to Secure to Themselves Monopoly
Adopting Harsh Measures.
ON the 10th day of May, 1869,' the
last spike was driven that bound
together the Central Pacific and
Union Pacific railroads In a trans
continental line. The spike was
of solid gold..^jtjie!d the last rail down
to an elaborately prepared tie of Califor
nia laurel, In the center of which was a
silver plate bearing the names of the two
railroad companies and . of their officers.
The spike camo from California and was
of native metal, emblematic of the vast
supplies of coin which the railroads were
to take from the State by the Golden Gate
in tbe comlne years
There was much rejoicing over the join
ing of the ends of the first American
transcontinental line. Soon after that
business actually began and freight and
passengers moved overland and traffic so
carried was diverted from the sea.
Scheme of Oppression.
In course of time the Central Pacific
management devised a scheme to take
away from San Francisco all use of the
sea as much as possible for the moving
of freights between the Atlantic and Pa
cific coasts. . There then- became known a
"special contract," under which shippers
who would refuse to ship any freight by
sea and pledged themselves to give all
their freighting business to the railroad
had, in return, preferential rates. In a
sense the railroad became their partners.
Those who did not get the better rates
had to retire from business in some in-
stances, being undersold" by -their more
favored competitors. The whole effect of
this was to set back all the shipping in
terests of the port of San Francisco. The
clippers became largely past history. They
sailed off into disuse.
In time other .railroads were buiit
across the continent. Tbe builders of the
Central Pacific Company constructed,
also, the Southern Pacific Railroad lines,
and the Central and Southern Pacific
lines came under one management and
had the exclusive carrying trade of Cal
ifornia by rail. There was no other trans
continental road in prospect for this
State. Merchants were at the mercy of
the carriers. After the other transconti
nental roads were running to the north of
California the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company came, by accepting a subsidy,
under the control of the roads, which join
ed in the formation of what was known
as the Transcontinental Association. With
little delay this huge combination of car
riers devised a plan, which proved to be
effective, by which the sea .commerce of
the port was further crippled.
A Huge Subsidy.
This was to pay the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company, under the guise of hiring
space, a subsidy of $75,000 per month, to
permit the transcontinental roads to
control the rates 'on freight carried in
both directions in the company's steam
ers. The control of , the rates paid for
carrying freights around Cape Horn in
both directions also was secured by the
transcontinental carriers. In a word San
Francisco was bottled.
Things went along this way for some
time with the grumbling acquiescence of
San Francisco, there being no seeming
means of relief in view. But finally there
came into the local theater of events a
happening through which the port event
ually was led back to its old-time inde
pendence of operation. This episode • is
narrated by a local historian in a book
published a few years ago, as follows*
"In the month of October, 1S91, there
sailed through the Golden Gate Into the
bay of San Francisco the ship Armida
flying the British flag. She was laden
exclusively with goods of American ma
terial, which were exclusively of Ameri
can manufacture. These had been brought
from Europe. She was followed by other
vessels, all of which had been laden in
Europe with American goods, which had
been exported to Europe from New York
The wares had been certified by American
FACTS POINT NECESSITY FOR PACIFIC CABLE.
When the Spanish fleet was defeated in
Manila Bay by the indomitable Dewey the
necessity for a trans-Pacific cable became
more apparent than ever before. The
news of the victory for the American
navy came from Madrid. Immediately
after the cable was cut and the United
States waited in suspense to hear the real
facts In the case. On this coast the need
for Instantaneous communication with the
leading. islands of the Pacific Ocean and
the Oriental countries and Australia has
long been realized. There Is general re
joicing among the shipping men at the
prospect of the early laying of a Pacific
cab'.e. of which the eastern terminus will
be San Francisco.
The advantages of a cable in times of
emergency have been Illustrated during
the campaigning in the Philippines by
the American soldiers. It will be recalled
I [ Water Front. '!>
P & B Paint is the |
' paint to use about the ' f
l wharves. It preserves , ,|
[ wood, brick, stone and 4
I 1 metal from dampness, >
I mold, heat, cold and |
! acids/
I It comes ready to I
I use and any one can g
I apply it; it enters the
i pores of the wood, i
1 checks decay, pre- :/ , :
r vents the ravage? of , s
'' animal life, resists fire, iS
i and will not run, »■
I for booklet. TeDs all |
H about it. I
MANUFACTURERS
ARE CONFIDENT
nrHEBE h&s been a marked
| increase of interest among
our manufacturers during
the past year in extension of
manufacturing. Both our
local and our outside markets
are growing. We are sharing
in the prosperity of the coun
try in this respect. The prac
tical solution of the question
of cheap fuel has done more
to place us, prospectively, in
high rank as a manufacturing 1
community than anything
in the history of the State.
Electrical power, genera
ted by our mountain water
supply, is virtually at our
door. Thus, with cheap and
almost unlimited power at
hand, the outlook, for great
extension of manufacturing
in this city and State is most
encouraging, and is attract
ing considerable attention
among Castern manufacturers
who are looking in this direc
tion with the view of estab
lishing manufacturing plants
here. \
There are indications that
the utilization of by-products
in manufacturing is increasing
with us. This is an important
sign of departure from old
and wasteful methods. The
returns from by-products go
far toward the support of
Eastern manufacturing plants
in some instances, and com
pliance with such methods of
economy among our local
manufacturers will greatly
aid them in meeting competi
tion—A. Sbarboro, President
California Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association.
consular officers not to have been made
dutiable abroad. Now they were reina
ported to the United States consigned,"
however, to a port other than the one
from which they originally departed from,
this country.
"They had twice crossed the Atlantic
Ocean, had journeyed around Cape Horn
to reach San Francisco and now at the
end of long and expensive voyaging came
in through the Golden Gate. It will sound
oddly when the future citizen of rian
Francisco is told that the purpose of this
circumnavigation of half the globe was
solely to save freight money — but such .s
the fact.
Clippers Under Control.
"The regular lines of clipper ships fly
ing the American flag, as they journeye-1
between New York and San Francisco,
were operated under subsidy agreement
with the many railroads included in the
Transcontinental Association. Clipper
rates had a3 a consequence been raised
until they were excessive. .Foreign ships
could not engage In the coastwise trade
of the United States. The Pacific Mall
Company moved freights from New York
to, San Francisco, or vice versa, only at
such rates and in such quantities as were
agreed upon by the officers of that cor
poration and the Transcontinental Asso
ciation.- Freights by rail proceeded only
at the highest rates that could be ex
tracted, and the shibboleth both by land
and sea was, 'Charge all that the traffic
will bear.'
"Years before this what had been known
as the special contract system had been
placed in operation against the city of
San Francisco. Merchants were cajoled,
bullied or bribed into making an engage
ment with the rail transportation lines
that a few days prior to the actual open
ing of the war between the United States
and Spain the Eastern Extension Com
pany, under an emergency 'contract with
the Spanish Government, extended Its
Hongkong cable to Manila from Balinao,
on the Island of Luzon." Admiral Dewey
was not able to have the cable neutralized
and. as a war measure, he cut it.
When Manila was captured there was
no cable or telegraph connections In the
Philippines worth mentioning. The East
ern Extension, Australasia and China
Cable Company abandoned their cables.
After Manila had been captured the In
surgents promptly destroyed the wires
leading out of the city. But the cable was
not so easy to destroy. The Filipinos had
not the means with which to pick up a
cable. The War Department of the
United . States, as soon as possible, ar
ranged to run cables to connect the va
rious principal Islands of the Philippine
group, and the work was to bo rushed by
NEW VESSELS DOCUMENTED HERE THIS YEAR
Description. ■
I
NAME.
Master Builder.
Net
Tonnage.
Steamer Dude »
Steamer Hanalel
Steamer Acme
Sloop Governor M. B. M
Sloop . . . . : Georce F. Heller.
Steamer Sea Prince
Steamer Tyonle
Steamer Mohawk
Steamer Uftashek
Steamer Toglak
Schooner Katata .'....
Steamer Myak
Steamer ;. Onelda
Schooner Crockett
Steamer Newtown
Schooner Solano
Steamer Cliilkat
Steamer... Hilda .'
8teamer Ounlmak
Steamer Aletak ;
Steamer.... Tamalpais
Schooner Mlndoro . . ;
Steamer... Ryak
Schooner Helen
Schooner Kona ".
Barkentlne Lahatna
Schooner.... W. H. Marston
Schooner Geo. W. McNear i .
Steamer Alma ■.
Schooner H. Epplnger
Steamer "Warrior
Steamer^ Gualala '.
Steamer Governor LI. B. M
Steamer.; Valletta ..............
Steamer Fox
Schooner -.... Samar
Iiarkentine Amaranth . .....:..
Rteamcr. Elaine
Steamer Martha Jane
Sloop....'.;. Union
Jarvls & Son
Alexander Hay . •■••■••.
John W. Dickie... •"•"••••• •
K. J. Stone '. '.'.'.
RIsdon Works *""* *"
Fulton "Works ....
n. av. schuitz ......! "
J. R. Cresty ' " *
O. W. Kneass
O. W. Knoass '
John Twlgg & Sons III!"*"
J. C. Beetle
James Madison '.'.'.'.
E. Munder . .'
Matthew Turner •••••••.....
Matthew Turner ••••-
Fulton Works
United Engineering "Works '.'. ".
United Engineering Works.
United Engineering Works.. "7
Union Iron Works '.'.'.
Hay & JVright ,.'.
United Engineering Works ••••••
John A. Lockhart ......
Alexander Hay .......
W. A. Boole & Son .......
w. f. stono !.'!!!"■■
H. Anderson . • • ■ . -
F. C. Laurentzen -.-;■* '-'■' '
E. Munder
William Muller .........
John W. Dickie. '.'.'-
E. J. Stone """"
W. J. Delonoy
n. w. schuitz X!!!
Alexander Hay ..**■*■*
Matthew Turner
XV. F. Stone . '* '*
J. E. Hicks '.'.'.'..'.
P. Swanson
89
666
260
36
18
8
8
78
7
M
64.
602
6
14
73
73
042. 6X
0W.20
1110
88.77
10.40
83 -
75
673.25
1062
£9
45
I
Description. ■
NAME.
Steamer Dude »
Steamer Hanalel
Steamer Acme
Sloop Governor M. B. M
Sloop . . . . : Georce F. Heller.
Steamer Sea Prince
Steamer Tyonle
Steamer Mohawk
Steamer Uftashek
Steamer Toglak
Schooner Katata .'....
Steamer Myak
Steamer ;. Onelda
Schooner Crockett
Steamer Newtown
Schooner Solano
Steamer Cliilkat
Steamer... Hilda .'
8teamer Ounlmak
Steamer Aletak ;
Steamer.... Tamalpais
Schooner Mlndoro . . ;
Steamer... Ryak
Schooner Helen
Schooner Kona ".
Barkentlne Lahatna
Schooner.... W. H. Marston
Schooner Geo. W. McNear i .
Steamer Alma ■.
Schooner H. Epplnger
Steamer "Warrior
Steamer^ Gualala '.
Steamer Governor LI. B. M
Steamer.; Valletta ..............
Steamer Fox
Schooner -.... Samar
Iiarkentine Amaranth . .....:..
Rteamcr. Elaine
Steamer Martha Jane
Sloop....'.;. Union
Telephone Black 2782 _
JULIUS HEYMAN
SKIPPIKS AKD COMMISSICM MERCHANT
Wholesale Dealer is
Lumber, Tan Bark. B. R. Ties,
Posts. Shingles, Wood, Etc.
BsmoTid to 22 Market et Sin Franoiioo
not to move freight by sea. A tyrannical
condition attended this arrangement,
which was that the railroad people should
always have the power and authority to
open the books of any merchant with
whom they had this sort of dealing. A
merchant could thus be x detected by a
not overmerciful inquisitor, through evi
dence furnished by himself. If. not in strict
observance of the 'special contract.' •
Other Vessels Loaded.
"When the Armida and the other ship«
Mere loaded to come to San Francisco, as
related, in the foregoing. In the year 1891,
for the merchants of San Francisco, the
events of the past had not been forgotten.
They remembered that the 'special con
tract' had even prohibited those who
signed it' from purchasing goods from
others who had imported from the East-
ern markets of the United States by sea.
"But there was good red blood in San
Francisco yet. If cargoes could not be
received by the lines of least natural re
sistance, under the protection of the
American flag, they could still, by means
devised by ingenuity, be secured from
Eastern points of supply via Europe and
Cape Horn at rates thai would leave the
dealer some reasonable share of profit.
"Communications had passed between
San Francisco shippers and the Treasury
Department of the United States, in
which the Question was asked whether
such shipments were in violation of the
navigation laws of the land? Seemingly
satisfactory assurances had been reJeived
that the acts in view were not elther'tech-
nlcal nor real violations of the law. Re
lying " upon this- view, several cargoes
were set afloat and were in due time
brought into the port of San Francisco.
"There was general astonishment when
It was ascertained that the Government,
while these cargoes were on the way, had
ordered that they should be confiscated
upon their arrival in San Francisco Bay.
The merchants were compelled to employ
counsel and to engage in costly litiga
tion, which extended in the Federal
courts in the Northern and Southern dis
tricts of. California through a period of
several j months. History says that the
merchants ultimately won this fight In
the courts, but the whole occurrence was
too much for San Francisco patience.
"Situated on a great harbor, which Is
easy of access, and having all the natural
advantages that belong to an Important
seaport, San Francisco merchants found
themselves ensnared . by legal cobwebs
and tied up by a transportation conspir
acy. Indignation was none the less deep
because it was not violently displayed.
San Francisco, if dispossessed of its nat
ural birthright of the free use of the sea.
had no claim to be considered as a great
trade center superior to an inland point
remote from the sea. Something must be
done. The hour had struck."
Ships Are Seized.
The ships that were seized while bring
ing cargoes in the manner described were
the following: Armida, October 16,. 1891;
Port Sonachan; November 5, 1891; Glenal
von, November 17. 1891; City of Delhi, De
cember 3, 1891; Alcinos, December 8, 1891;
Dumfriesshire. December 21, 1S91; City of
Benares, January 12. 1S91; Stockbrldge,
January 12, 1892; Duchess of Albany, Jan
uary 18, 1892; Clackmananshire, January
20, 1892; Melville Island, February 3, 1S92;
Archdale. February 4, 1892; Fort George,
March 25, 1892; Eskasoni, April 2, 1892;
British Isles, April 12, 1892; Anaurus, May
28 1892 *
The goods that were seized had been
moved to Europe by trans-Atlantic
steamers, plying upon regular lines, and
had been reshlpped In the vessels just
named. That the legal attitude of the
merchants was correct has since been
demonstrated. The law has been amend
ed to prevent future shipments in that
way. Johnson & Locke brought out six
steamers from the Atlantic coast in 1891,
loaded, starting: the Atlantic and Pacific
line.
the Hooker, which was the first ship to
be employed for cable-laying in the Phil
ippine waters.
Unfortunately the Hooker ran on a
reef off Corregidor Island and sank
Since then, with the use of the steamer
Romulus and gunboats, with barges as
auxiliaries, to be towed in the lagoons
more than 2500 miles of cable have been
laid by the army and by contractors
among the Philippine Islands, almost
enough to reach from San Francisco to
Honolulu. Cables now connect Manila
and Cavite, Tnguig and Calamba. Tague
and Blnang, Calamba and Lo S Banos ard
Santa Cruz, Llloan and Ormoc. Cebu and
IJloan. Leyte and Tacloban and Sam™,
Naic and Corregidor, Guinayangan and
Pasaco and other points from -the islands
pf Cebu to Bahol. Negros to Cebu, Cebu
WncJeratlo^ «»" S
Master Builder.
Jarvls & Son
Alexander Hay . •■••■••.
John W. Dickie... •"•"••••• •
K. J. Stone '. '.'.'.
RIsdon Works *""* *"
Fulton "Works ....
n. av. schuitz ......! "
J. R. Cresty ' " *
O. W. Kneass
O. W. Knoass '
John Twlgg & Sons III!"*"
J. C. Beetle
James Madison '.'.'.'.
E. Munder . .'
Matthew Turner •••••••.....
Matthew Turner ••••-
Fulton Works
United Engineering "Works '.'. ".
United Engineering Works.
United Engineering Works.. "7
Union Iron Works '.'.'.
Hay & JVright ,.'.
United Engineering Works ••••••
John A. Lockhart ......
Alexander Hay .......
W. A. Boole & Son .......
w. f. stono !.'!!!"■■
H. Anderson . • • ■ . -
F. C. Laurentzen -.-;■* '-'■' '
E. Munder
William Muller .........
John W. Dickie. '.'.'-
E. J. Stone """"
W. J. Delonoy
n. w. schuitz X!!!
Alexander Hay ..**■*■*
Matthew Turner
XV. F. Stone . '* '*
J. E. Hicks '.'.'.'..'.
P. Swanson
Oakland's Estuary.
The estuary on the east shore of the
bay of San Francisco is a great auxiliary
td the commerce of this port. The dredg
ing of the harbor has provided a haven
for many vessels, and the Government
work upon the. tidal canal will tend to
preserve all the benefits that have been
gained already., On the estuary splendid
work has been done by the shipbuilders
There are marine railways where vessels
are hauled out for repairs. It would take
a large gpace to enumerate all the ad
vantages presented by the estuary
Immersion in salt water is said to make
wood harder and more durable.
AGENT* AGENTS
AUSTRALIAN DISPATCH LINE ALLIANCE MARINE and GENERAL
OF ASSURANCE CO., L'd.
CLIPPER SHIPS : (OP LO.NDOM)
. ■ .?..«
J. J. MOORE & CO.
Shipping and General Commission Merchants
IMPORTERS AND EXPORTERS
802 California Street. San Francisco, CaL
/ . '- ~~~ :' ?/ <j
SA. B C.
WATKIWS CABLE ADDRESS
SCOTT'S CLIFFMORE
t
Bureau Veritas
INTERNATIONAL REGISTER of SHIPPING
of the Pacific Coast of U. S. A.
I. E. THAYER, Inspector
Office, 28 California St. San Francisco, Cal.
W, G, STAFFORD & CO.
GOAL
Bunkers, HOWARD 2 WHARF
214 Bast Street, SAN FRANCISCO
Telephone MAIN 495
JfJMES McNAB ROBERT PflRK
President Secretory
McNAB & SMITH
ijte- iTw Dra Vina
Main and Market Sts. -fc^ JL V^ V X JL IVfl
Frzroont and Mission Sts. ■ .. . -& \^ t
Wssrjingtoo and Drumm Sts. .
and BLUXOME and FIFTH STS. StabFcs
• BRANNAN ST.. NR. EIGHTH
SflN FRANCISCO
TELEPHONE J. H. HATHMANN
JOHN 42 Proprietor^
THE FAVORITE
46 EAST STREET
NEAR MISSION ~
STRAIGHT GOODS
A Specialty SAN FRANCISCO
Telephone Main 629 Established 1868 P. 0. Box 2279
L. G. SRESOVICH CO.
[Incorporated]
COMMISSION MERCHANTS
Importers and Exporters Green and Dried Fruits
Medals Awarded at Midwinter Fair, State Fair and Others for tho
Best Desiccated and Shredded Cocoanut— Celebrated Pioneer Brand.
519 to 523 Sansome Street, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
WILLIAn H. THORNLEY
CUSTOM HOUSE BROKER
322 WASHINGTON STREET
Telephone Main 220 SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
H- M: Haincs J. G. McCall VI. S. Scammell
LOW RATES to Coastwise Cities
Unioo Ticket Office
630 MARKET STREET
Telcpbone James 2546 San Francisco. Cal.
STEAMERS FOR NOME, VALDEZ AND SKflGWflY
TELLER ST. MICHAEL
First Stearoer. the /'Nonjc City." Leaves April 15
Net
Tonnage.
89
666
260
36
18
8
8
78
7
M
64.
602
6
14
73
73
042. 6X
0W.20
1110
88.77
10.40
83 -
75
673.25
1062
£9
45
State Tolls on Water Front.
The regulations of the Board of State
Harbor Commissioners contain the fol
lowing provisions concerning tolls: No
tolls will be charged on grain, flour, malt
sprouts or millstuffs for passing over the
wharves under the board's jurisdiction
but such articles will be subject to the
same rules and rates of wharfage as are
imposed on other merchandise, except on
sections 1 and 2 of the seawall. The term
. grain" is -Intended to and does Include
wheat, barley, oats, corn and rye- thZ
term "flour" includes only the flour of
wheat, and "mlllstuffs" includes only
bran, middlings, shorts and ground feed
No tolls will be charged on donkey en-
Jww2f,L Purpose of loading or
discharging: a vessel; nor on milk
K? t , eh l r '., bake . r> lce or laundry wagons on
their daily trips to supply customers.WM. W. MURRAY. 9AM'L MURRAY.
Hurray Bros/
flachine Works
S. E. Corner Folsom and Beale Sts.
San Francisco. Telephone No. 5226.
F^g| MANUFACTURERS OF
I Improved Hoisting Engines
It for all Purposes,
M|S|b Alarine, Stationary and
"^Iti^^B Portable Engines.
(m H !^ ; .-'^ 1 4S® \
Ifl, pS ranml X patent friction hoisting
jfefa<^||^K8 j^^^^^ra PILE HAMMERS AND NIPPERS
rejTpt SAWMILL MACHINERY
5"'^^^^BW^ FORCINGS AND CASTINGS
JOBBING AND REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
, 6
"""^ -^— — • -^— — -^— m • Q
""■^ i^^ / ______________ ■
= f w =
Cable Ij o ¥ V a Maoufocturcrs
Address: /.•■-:- of TueK.f.
"HILO" -B-| I jfy m / g— ir^ Self-Adjustlng
FranclSCO. H H m H II m : for Marine,
Stationary and
&fy £\l Locomotive
fl | 1 Engines,
• . Pumps, Steam
r«cmo i.o*si Hammers. Etc.
of th* Also
_ , . . Bridge Walls,
Rtcnourg Fn^Iri^^^c Tube P|U9>
- . UnClinGc^rS. Sectional
Steam Engine L »y» lc^« Surface
11 g • • * Condenser
Company Machinists *S5SSf
* N ° g^ g Elevators.
Bioomburg's M ° beneral —
p . B f" Contractors &M
Every Country
— — — — - of
Importance
Telephone ir) tne
main 1274. Office and Works : world.
== 130-132 Mam street. =====
ARE MANUFACTURED IN GREAT VARIETY
Compound Duplex Feed Pumps Fire and Bilge Pumps
Air and Circulating Pumps Wrecking Pumps
OFFICE A\D WORKS
179 FIRST STREET, SanF £? cisC0 '
TAYLOR'S
School of Navigation and Marine Engineering
(ESTABLISHED 1SS?)
CAPTAIN H. TAYLOR, Principal
A-cijixster of" Iron Slaip's Compasses
(Graduate of Newton's Nautical Academy.)
Employed by the leading Steamship Companies to adjuEt Compasses, and by the Legal
Profession in Wrecking Cases.
Candidates for Master's and Mate's Licenses for both f team and fail Care-
fr'u!I>- Prepnr-d fop the Examination.
Studies: Arithmetic, Geometry. Trigonometry. Nautical Astronomy, Practical Naviga-
tion, Marine Surveying. Seamanship and Ship's Business. Strict at-
tention given to all Pupils.
SOS BA/TTERTST ST. -R,otu.ncla. Hall
Corner TTashinrton St.. Opp. Postofflce. SAN FRANPI^PO PAI
(Same Building: as British Consul.) OHIN rnMIN^IOUU,
Q
Q
McAllister, Woodside & Co. (Inc.)
112 Leidesdorff Street. San Francisco
Sailing and Steamship Stevedores.'
AGENTS FOR
British Anti-Foultog Composition and Paint Co,
Mercantile Marina Service Association.
■ 0
LEWIS, ANDERSON, F9ABD & GO. T
INCORPORATED.
, cucccsorstc LEWIS, ANDERSON & CO.
Ship Chandlery, Naval Stores
Agents For— The "Hyde" Windlasses, Capstans and Pumps; Coleman's Tackle
Blocks, Haosen's Patent F05 Horn, New Bedford and Plymouth
Cordage, Yellow Metal, Sheathing Felt, Paints and Oils of all
Kinds, Oakum, Tar Pitch, Duck, Flags', Bunting.
24- and 26 Cast Street, San Francisco, Cel. Telephone Main (669
— — A
— z ; ; O
BRANN & PRIOR
Sail Makers
No. 56 Clay Street
Telephone Bush 213 SAN FRANCISCO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901.
COMMUNITY ROUSES TO DEFEND
ITSELF AGAINST GREAT PERIL
Two Organizations Are Effected With Local Men at the Helm
Who Put Up Strong Fight and Succeed
in Winning Victory. s
THROUGH the assistance of the
Traffic Association of California,
which was organized by tho
business community of San Fran-
• . Cisco, acting together, and " un
der the direction of Joseph S. Leeds,
means were taken to open up the port to
commerce without restriction imposed by
the overland' carriers. The first point of
attack was the clipper monopoly by way
of Cape Horn.
In May, 1892, the Merchants' Shipping
Association was formed in San Francisco.
The organizers were the following firms:
Dunham, Carrigan & Hayden • Company,
Baker & Hamilton, Huntington, Hopkins
& Co.. Miller, Sloss & Scott, A. Craw
ford & Co.. J. W. Grace & Co.,
Hawley Brothers, Wellman, Peck & Co.
und I. S. Van Winkle & Co. L.. L. Baker
was the first president; A. Crawford, vico
president; C. E. Miller, secretary. Upon
the death of L. L. Baker and Andrew
Crawford, N. T. Romaine of Van Winkle
& Co. succeeded to the presidency and
Wakefleld Baker to the vice presidency.
The older carriers immediately lowered
their rates to kill off the competition that
was in store. A general meeting of mer
chants was called and then most of the
leading wholesale firms in San ■ Francisco
joined the Merchants' Shipping Associa
tion. A. guarantee fund of $100,000 was
subscribed for the maintenance of the
competing line.
The following representatives of the
commercial interests of the city were ap
pointed an executive committee to car
ry on the competition around Cape Horn:
N. T. Romaine of I. S. Van Winkle &
Co.; Wakefield Baker of Baker & Ham
ilton: B. F. Dunham of the Dunham,
Carrigan & Hayden Company; Henry
Payot of Payot, Upham & Co.;
A. Cerf of Cerf, Schloss & Co.-
W. B. Wellman of Wellman. Peck
& Co.: F. W. Van Sicklen of
Dodge, Sweeney & Co.; R. B. Hule of J.
W. Grace & Co.; M. P. Jones of Jones &
Co.; II. Michaels of Langley & Michaels
Company; O. E. Miller of Miller. Sloss
& Scott; George Uawley of Hawley
Brothers Hardware Company.
War Fairly Opens.
The first vessel of the competing clip
per line to arrive at San Francisco was
the Charles E. Moody, which came in No
vember, 1893. Other events • had taken
place which were of the first importance
In determining the ultimate success of
the attemnts that were being made to
emancipate the shipping interests of this
port.
It should be said in passing that after
the Merchants'. Shipping Association
TIME WHEN FOREIGN GOMMERGE WAS BEGUN
It was not until 1S66 that a steamer en
gaged in the trade of the Pacific Islands
from San "Fj-ancisco. Then the steamer
Ajax made the pioneer steamer trip to the
Hawaiian Islands. In January of the suc
ceeding year the steamer Colorado depart
ed from this port on the first regular
steamer triD to China.
As early as 1S54, however, and occasion
ally for several years earlier, there were
steamers running along the coast, and
regular trips were also made as far north
as Vancouver Island. In 1854 a company
began to send coal down from Bellingiiam
Bay, and, in. the same year, the Russian
American Cpmnfcrcial Company brought
down its first cargo of ic2 from Sitka,
Alaska.
As early as 1S51 Ferdinand Vassault and
others brought Ice to San Francisco on
the ship Lucas from Boston. Five hun
dred tons of ice were brought on one trip
and also 1100 barrels of apples. When the
vessel reached San Francisco only 212
tons of the ice were left, but that sold at
12V> cents per pound and, as the apples
netted $35 per barrel, the venture brought
in a profit of nearly $40,000.
This success prompted the sending or
the Lucas to Sitka for a cargo of ice, but
the Russians charged »/5 per ton foreload
ing and the Lucas came back empty, but
then, the Russian American Commercial
Company being active, an arrange
ment was made with the Russian Govern
ment which insured the necessary profit
on the ice business to have it continue for
some time.
The Isthmus Route.
The construction of the Panama road
was delayed by various reasons until 1855.
Then began what was supposed to be the
fastest service that California could have
to New York. The success of the Pacific
Mail Steamship' Company was largely in
creased by the Panama road and new and
larger ships were put on. The time from
San Francisco to New York, by the Pan
ama route, was about twenty-five days,
which was called schedule time. Up to the
opening of the transcontinental roads in
1863, nearly all the mails from the East
came by Panama.
The coming of a steamer was always an
Important event, as it broueht the latest
news from the East. Outgoing steamers
frequently carried as much as $2,000,000
at one trip In dust, bullion or coin. The
"steamer day" originated that period,
which has for many years been peculiar
to California.
The shorter route to California, by way
of Nicaragua, tempted capital to invest.
An "Accessory Transit Company" grew
out of a contract made with the Nicara
gua n Government by Joseph L. White, in
behalf of himself. Cornelius Vanderbilt
and other capitalists of New York, to
establish a route of travel across Nicara
gua between the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans. The qrigtnal project was to build
a ship canal. In 1S50 the contract with
Nicaragua was amended and then the
f* 11 *"£X,"*****' 1 V '■ ' *'■ " .-.•■*■-•■■'■*-••■■■*•-■•■*-..-■ • ■...#. ....... • .,.,.." ■ - . *. . --■»-.- -— . - - - — — -- ,',"' ■™..,.; v ,...«.*y w ..,.va. tJ .V *
>-•■-•"■'--■■.*% ■ ;■ . - ; ■. .; ■ . ... .-.■....■ ,.-....: ... ■ ■.■ ; .-; . . ■ .;.■.... : . .■ ■ ■ ■ ; ■■_._ ■ .-. ..■■■.■:■::■■■;■ ■ ■ ■ ■ . . . ■..■■■:.■■..:■ ■ . . — ■■■ ."■"■:.. ■ . ; :. : :■'■;.■■■■ ..»>.-.*■•■. ■■>: ..; . : „■. ..:■. ■■■ ...■ .•■.■::■:::•
i : • .^^^ j !
* TWIN-SCREW STEAMERS ALASKAN, TEXAN.HrIZONIAN, 11,000 TONS CAPACITY/ NOW BUiLOINS FOR
AMERICAN-HAWAIIAN STEAMSHIP COMPANY
SINEWS OF WAR
ARE LARGE
AS compared -with, the year
1900, in Which of all min
erals produced there were
$32,622,945, while no statis
tics have yet been compiled
for this year, it is safe to as
fcume that with the opening
up of the many new mines,
ioupled with a longer season,
h marked increase in produc
tion will be shown in almost
every mineral.
Noticeably is this the case
with copper, of which there
was produced in 1900 29,
575,512 pounds, of a total
value of $4,748,242, and
which will again be second
oaly to gold on the list of
mineral productions. Many
i.ew copper mines have been
opened during the past year,
and new smelters erected.
At this time the gold pro
duction cannot be estimated.
Undoubtedly a larger produc
tion will be shown than in the
year 1900, which amount
ed to 815,863,255, much of
•the increase coming from
Southern and Northern Cali
fornia. A large amount of the
gold produced in the latter
section is being • combined
with the copper ores and ob
tained from those quartz
mines which have shipped
their production as a flux to
copper smelters. • .
L. E. AUBURY.
discontinued the Cape Horn . service
under their own management, it was
taken up by Grace & Co. and was car
ried on successfully. The collapse of the
great Transcontinental Association,
which took place before the ■ fight
instituted by San Francisco in its
own behalf had come to an end, was at
tributed by competent observers to have
been due primarily and directly to the
competing Cape Horn line.
The rate cutting' via Cape Horn natu
rally affected the rail rates on all com
modities that could safely and profitably
be brought in by sea. The railroads,
already restive at the gage of battle
which the commercial community had
boldly thrown down, were destined to see
their scheme of tying up the isthmus
route as against San Francisco come to
an end..
Early In .1892. news was received that
there had been a falling out between the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company and the
Panama Railroad Company. These lines
H. L. BENDIXSEN, OLDEST
SHIPBUILDER ON THE PA
CIFIC COAST.
American Atlantic and Pacific Ship-Canal
Company was organized with an agree
ment to begin preliminary surveys within
twelve months and to complete the pro
posed canal within twelve years.
This scheme having been dropped, be
cause of impracticability at that time.
White secured from Nicaragua a charter
for a transit route. Steamers were put
on between San Francisco and Nicaragua,
the Pacific and the Independence, and
they began to run regularly in 1832. At
first the steamers went to Realjo. but
finally their destination was San Juan del
Sur — as soon as the road was built from-
Virgin Bay to the ocean.
A Rival" Line.
In time this route was a formidable
rival of the Panama line, for there was.
a saving of about 700 miles of sea travel
by the Nicaragua way; ■ Eventually the
charter of the Vanderbilt company was
declared to be forfeited, this being tho
outcome of plotting by "Nicaragua
Walker." The line was broken up. ■
The whaling industry of the Pacific has
had its share of public attention. As
early as 1S55 Governor Bigler, calling to
the attention of the Legislature the de-
co-operated at ,the Isthmus of Panama
under a traffic agreement to the exclu
sion of all other lines, so that competi
tion by that route for the Golden Gate
had seemed to be beyond hope. But the
news of the rupture was confirmed. The
Panama Railroad Company was advised
by the Johnson-Locke Mercantile Com
pany of the situation In San Francisco,
and the" Panama Railroad people were
asked whether they would enter Into
competition with the transcontinental
lines in connection with a line of steam
ers to be run from San Francisco to the
isthmus.
After some negotiations in which the
Traffic Association of California took
part/ the Panama road agreed to com
pete and to put on a line of steamers on
the Atlantic^ to' connect at the isthmus
with a line to be put on by the San Fran
cisco commercial community.
Form Steamship Company.
The North American Navigation Com
pany was hastily incorporated, with
William L. Merry as president' and with
the following named directors: William
L. Merry, Frank S. Johnson, C. H. Has
well Jr., Frank Dalton, William Thomas,
Herman Bendel, A. B. .Field and J. J.
Moore. A guarantee fund being demand
ed by the Panama road management, the
commercial people of this city set about
to raise it. The amount demanded was
$200,000. The earliest subscribers to thla
fund were the following: Captain R. R.
Thompson, Alvinza Hay ward, Abble M.
Parrott, Herman Bendel, Thomas Magee,
William Babcock, C. Carpy, C. J. Hendry
Sons Company, A. W. Harriraan, "W. F.
Mills, A. B. Field, Captain W. L. Merry,
Frank S. Johnson. W. L. Locke, C. H.
Haswell Jr.. J. J. Moore, William
Thomas, A. Lusk & Co., H. Lev! & Co.,
Stetson-Renner Drayingr Company, P. J.
Martin.
Louis Sloss ; & Co. furnished the first
steamer to run on this new line, the St.
Paul, which was chartered by the North
American Navigation Company. That
steamer went out through the Gate on
the 9th day of March, 1893. The water
front took a lively interest in this sailing.'
for the significance of the fight that was
now fairly on was well in view. What It
meant to the shipping of San Francisco
and to the commerce of the port was as
plain as a pike staff.
It is familiar history to the people how
the North American Navigation Company
ran for a period and was discontinued. A
practical demonstration of the strength
of the commercial position of San Fran
cisco and of her power to right wrongs
against her was demonstrated. With that
demonstration it may be fairly said that
the present era of shipping and San Fran
cisco's commerce was appropriately ush
ered in.
sirability of providing winter quarters for
the Pacific whaling fleet, made the state
ment In a message that there were then
engaged In Pacific Ocean whale fisheries
650 ships and barks manned by 15.000 sea
men and the capita] invested was not less
than J20.000.000. In 1853 there were 275 of
these vessels that visited the Hawaiian
Islands for repairs and supplies. They
were manned by 8000 seamen. Many
whalers found their fishing grounds in the
far north and passed by California al
together.
The objection that the whalers found
to wintering in San Francisco Bay was
the pilot charge of $S per foot, while the
charge at the Hawaiian Islands was only
51 per foot. On Governor Bigler's recom
mendation a bill was passed that allowed
whalers to enter and depart from the port
without paying pilotage; except that when
they engaged a pilot the charge was to
be 51 per foot. San- Francisco eventually
became the main source of supply for the
whalers of the Pacific and also head
quarters.
A FAVORITE RESORT
On San Francisco's Water Front.
Whenever you visit the water front
never fail to pay a visit to "The Castle."
There are two of them, but as John E. W.
Stange runs them both you will surely
get a welcome at either. They are two
of the most noted hostelries on East
street and during the past year or.so have
come into prominence owing to quality of
the wines, liquors and beer supplied iho
patrons.
John E. W. Stange, who started these
wholesale and retail establishments, came
to San Francisco many years ago on the
ship George Stetson. Later he made &
number of coasting trips and then Joined
the barkentine 3. N. Castle. He remained
with her for /over seven years, mak-n"
thirty-seven trips to Honolulu. Then he
decided to remain ashore and take unto
himself a wife. He is now the father of
the handsomest boy in the county, and
father and son arc inseparable.
■From Puget Sound to San Diego and
all over the Southern seas John Stange is
known and .everywhere his name ia a
synonym for square dealing.
At\ 250A East street, near Folsom, and
at ' the "branch" Castle opposite the
Oceanic dock Mr. Stange can generally be
found during the day, that is when the
business of the? wholesale department of
his enormous business does not call him
away. • ." . ■'.. . ;• ■ . . .
The Coast Range of mountains, or
rather the Coast ranges, for the spur3
overlap each other through the whole ex
tent, runs, almost parallel to the coast
the entire length of the State. The over
lapping of the many spurs makes a multi
tude of valleys, which, with their adja
cent foothills, constitute a very produc
tive portion of the State.
— _; _ — : : ;
, _h i
IKE TUCHLER TONY A. RANZULO
Formerly with Coronado Saloon
Merchants' Inn
\2 California Street
N. E Cor. Dromm .
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
-
Phone Main 5771.
*£ . : o
L. M. BEVILOCKWAY. Telephone Davis 16. WM. MORRISON
Morrison & Bevilbckway,
Ship Tinsmiths, Plumbers, Steam Fitters,
MANUFACTURERS AND DEALERS IN
TIN, COPPER, BRASS AND SHEET IRON WARE,
SHIPS' STOVES, PUMPS AND MARINE LAMPS,
LANTERNS AND SUPPLIES, GONGS, PULLS,
- ANGLES, PULLEYS AND CHAINS.
7/O STEUART STREET, .
BETWEEN MISSION AND HOWARD, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Special Attention Paid to Repairing Stoves, Pumps, Water Closets, Etc.
a — , ; — : — • ; _o
a : — —■ — — — : — r (i
Telephone Black 4791. Established 18 13'
McNevin's Navigation School .
No, 5 MARKET ST. and No. 6 EAST ST.
Formerly at 404 and -406 Beale street. San Francisca
Edmund H. and Alfred D. McNevin, Principals.
Candidates Carefully Prepared for Examination for U. S. Licenss for
{■team and ail.
Use of all Nautical Instruments and New Apollanees for Determining the Deviation
■ - 1 of the Compass Practically Taught and Illustrated.
SHiP'S COMPASSES ADJUSTED.
Private Lessons, if Required. Terms Rcasonab!c.
Open Dally from 9:30 a. m. to 5 p. m. Evenings, 7 to 9 p. m.
j— : — r— . -O
3 . . C
Telephone Main 776. Cable Address "SELLEBS"
MADISON, BRUCE & SELLERS,
Importers and Dealers In
SHIP CHANDLERY
AND NAVAL STORES
YELLOW METAL AND NAILS CONSTANTLY ON HAND
B0LH AS35TS FOB ». /•• «/- -V' _
. Bmooth On Manufacturing Co. 2i *% n A 7 K \iaunri Ct :
Lathrop's New Patent Fog Horn * 04 dllU OV OlCUail OU
KesBels Lyle Life Savlntf Gun • < , . • * r- '
Pitrce*» Whaling Guns and Lances '■
Pawling & Harnlschfeger Sail FfftflCKCO Cfli
Beck's Patent Steam Steering Gear ana. liauwidtu, Vai.
3 — •—(
ht — ; ■ — — '• ■■; — — ; — ; -o
E. J. Holt Gco. D. Gray
GEO. D. GMY St CO.
Lumber . Shipping and Commission
General Agents GRAY STEAMSHIP GO. v
123 Cali ornia Street, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Phone MAIN 8C6.
>--— ■ ; O
{>— . ' ; ; — — 7 : ; — i i I
F*. J. TVSON . . m. THOMPSON
Ri J.JYSON&CO.
18 C A LI F O RNIA ST.
TEL-. BUSH -4QO ; V;^."'-
INSURANCE
SHIPPING SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
6768
ACTIVE MEN RELATE PERSONAL EXPERIENCES
THAT POSSESS URGE SHARE OF INTEREST
Pen Sketches of Prominent Water-Fronters Whose Work in Various Useful
Lines Has Added to the Popularity of This City Among
Seamen Under Every Flag. ;
5 AN FRANCISCO'S water front is
the most composite affair on the
face of the earth. There j'ou
meet the merchant and the pau
per, the man from far away and
the man from the country; in fact, all
sorts and conditions. On landing from
the ferries the first place you will make
for is the Rococo, where you will meet
Nick Ahrens and his assistants, who will
give you a right royal welcome and a
drink. Tour next visit will be to Phil
Cohen's, where you will get a bath and
shave. Of all the old-timers on the front,
Phil ifc one of the oldest and best known.
He established himself at 12 Sacramento
street in 1865 and there he has been ever
since, a landmark which guides every
mariner on the coast.
Of all the well known men on the front.
FAMOUS OLDEN CLIPPER SHIP CHALLENGER
SHE A\ADE FASTEST SAILING TIME ON RECORD BETWEEN NEW YORK AND CHINA".
perhaps Henry Peterson has had the most
national notoriety. He was' born and
raised en the front, and as a boatman
made his first dollar. Then he won fame
as an oarsman, and his famous race with
O'Connor drew the :.;rgest crowd that
ever visited the banks of Oakland Creek.
1 hen he was a contestant at Austin, Tex.,
in the world's championship race, in
which Jake Gaudaur beat him a foot in
world's record time. The other contest
ants were Jsines Stanbury. champion of
the world; Ed Hanlon. James Ten Eyck
Sr.. George Lee, George Hosmer and Rash
Rogers. It was a race from start to fin
ish, and "Pete" was only beaten by "a
nose." Henry now owns a number of
launches and whitehalls and is a noted
character on the front.
The busy time in the history of San
Francisco was 1S57. Then was when the
v.harvcs began to appear and warehouses
to rear their heads. North Point was
then the center of traffic The cut
on page 5 shows the ships Great Re
puBlic, Hurricane and Zenobia discharg-
HUMBOLDT STEAMSHIP CO.'SSTEAmER "HUMBOLDT," TH© Alaska Flyer
Plying during the season in ths Southeastern Alaska trade between Seattle, Kctchikan, Juneau and Skagway.
4 o*e*o*o*o^o*o*o>o*o^o*o*o*o^o^o-»-o*o*o*o^o-»o-»o*o^o*o o
4 • ' ♦
o • °
t J. W. MORSHEAD s . W. MORSHEAD °
\ CITY FRONT STABLES f
I ' • - 1
S 3o CLAY STREET SAN FRANC1SCO
i :3
4 Near Ferry LanHings Telephone MAIN 475 *
I 6 . (
o . . . . %
*«*C»0*0*8*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*8*e*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*0*l)J
Ing, while the old sloop-of-war Slam, the
mail steamship Slam, the Stockton steam
er John Bragdon and the brig T. W. Lu
cas are shown in the bay. In talking
about this picture, William F.'Murray of
Murray Bros.' Machine Works says:
"The Great Republic was the first four
masted ship ever built in the world and
came around the Horn from Boston. She
brought a general cargo here and made
a record .voyage. '.-
Brought First Ice to This' Port.
"The Zenobia came here from Sitka In
charge of Captain Kentzell. The latter
was later well known as a captain of po
lice. The Zenobia brought here a cargo
of ice, and she Is shown in the picture
discharging the first ice brought to San
Francisco. To the left of the picture Is
shown a shack owned by the Russian-
American Commercial Company (now the
Alaska Commercial Company). Into it
the ice was unloaded. At that time it
was full of sawdust, and I guess many
a San Francisco boy will remember the
days when we went in swimming and
dried ourselves In that sawdust.'
"The old sloop-of-war Slam is ofr. Al
catraz, while in the foreground Is Bell
Ross' cottage and the North Point ware
houses. The old cottage is gone, but the
warehouses are still in the old location."
Mr. Murray came here in I860 on the
old ship Spark and has been in
business ever since. -,,-.-
Among some of the men identified wKh
the water front who came here in the
early days is Captain H. H. Watson, the
marine surveyor. In the old days he
sailed a launch over the place where his
office at 303 California street now stands
Over fifty years ago he came here as
master of the ship Croton, and still
laughingly asserts that she- came around
the Horn stern first.
"The old clipper ship Dreadnaught was
a crackerjack in her time," said Captain
THE SAl* FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901,
Watson. "Captain Samuels, father of tre
gentleman now with J. £>. Spreckels &
Bros. Company, was her commander, and
a finer old gentleman you never met. She
made some cracking runs and will always
be remembered. She went . from New
York to Liverpool in twelve and a half
days and that was better than the steam
ships could do in those times.
"Then there was the ship Challenger,
Captain Robert Waterman, which made
the fastest time on record between New
York and China. The Challenger was a
clipper and no one of the old timers re
quires me to tell him anything about Bob
Waterman. Then there was the Ocean
Express and a dozen others that made
Uncle Sam famous the world over. The
old days were great days, boy, and the
new vessels are big carriers, but they
have not got the heels that the old ones
had."
Among the young generation, on the
front are the Bender Bros, and Tuchl»r
& Ranzulo. Their business is as widely
separated as the ends of the earth, but
all are native sons and honorable gentle
men. Bender Bros, have lately been
merged into the Union Wood and Timber
Company, but the firm still has offices on
the corner of East and Market streets.
George L. and Will A. Bender have been
connected with San Francisco shipping
for years and the well known schooner
Bender Bros, was named after them.
Ike Tuchler and Anthony A. (Tony)
Ranzulo are the proprietors of the Mer
chants' Inn. Ike is a native son and a
graduate from the public schools. He has
held many public positions and is a mem
ber of many fraternal and charitable 'or
ganizations. Mr. Ranzulo came here
when a child and was raised in San Fran
cisco. For years he was with Hilbert
Bros, and then joined issues with Mr.
Tuchler and started the Merchants' Inn.
out of which they have made a splendid
success. "Tony" is well known In ath-
Vessels to Charter ' telephone mpin 1777
YDOOCliO lUWnAKlDK BUSINESS LXCH, 67
.. *»* . AND. DEALERS IN
|scHo ON^f" rs Gamers I DUMBER. WOOD, POSTS.
i^KSS?, SIS*'- TAN BARK, R.R.TIES. Etc.
RALPH J. LONG NAVARRO QO M«~1,~4. C?4-
LA GIRONDB GUALALA ** Market Ot.
REDWOOD CITY ACME. ,
*- 1 San Francisco.
letic circles and has a host of friends In
the Olympic Club.
Coast's Oldest Shipbuilder.
Perhaps the oldest shipbuilding concern
on the coast is that of H. D. Bendix^en
of Eureka. More vessels nave come from
his yard than from any similar concern
between San Diego and the Sound, and
not one of "Ben's" boats but has prove'!
a success. The steamship Humboidt,
which came from his yards, is a stand
ing monument to his ability as a ship
builder. .- .
Next in order with Bendixsen comes
Hay & Wright. The founder of the shlp
buiiding'business of Hay & Wright, Alex
ander Hay, commenced the building of
vessels in the year 1880, the location of his
first yard being at the Potrero, where the
Arctic Oil Works now stands. , Later he
was located at North Beach, and still
later removed to Sixth street, where a
great work was carried on. In the year
1S89 the company located its plant at Ala
meda Point, at which time K. B. Wright
became associated with Mr. Hay. In lock
ing over the list of steamers, schooners,
dredges, etc., which this company has
turned out in the past twenty years one
is impressed to think what a great
amount of responsibility must have rested
on these men's shoulders in the execution
of such a vast amount of work.
F. L. Pritchard and E. F. Taylor form
the firm of Taylor & Pritchard. Former
ly it was Taylor, Adams & Pritchard, out
Mr. Adams dropped out about a year ago
and now the concern is run by two of the
most popular men on the fjont. Taylor
& Pritchard have been at their present lo
eation on Market street, near East, for
nearly a generation.
Leaving the business men for a moment,
Thomas Crowley and brother are two of
the most noteworthy characters on th^
front. Everybody knows ■ "Tommy." His
father taught him boating and ever since
he has been making his living on tha
front. The Crowley brothers own some
of the finest launches on the bay and
have a good share of the shipping busi
ness.
Nearly all the motive power in the
launches of both Peterson and Crowley,
and, in fact, nearly all the launches in
the bay, comes from the Union Gas En
gine Company. The latter was organized
in 1891 by W. J. -Casey. He was formerly
with the Regan Vapor Engine Company
and then, with John F. I)aly, bought out
the rights of the Pacific Gas Engine Com
pany. The two then organized the pres
ent concern, which has its engines and
vessels all over the Southern Seas and
throughout Alaskan waters.
Is there anybody who lives in Marln
County that does not know G. H. ("Gus")
Kilborn? He was for five years on the
Sacramento River and then went on the
Sausalito run. His father was on the
river boats when "Gus" was born and
his son naturally followed in his foot
steps. "Gus" runs the most popular. fall
excursions that ever leave San Francisco
and his catering on the ferry steamers is
beyond reproach:
John Twigg & Sons are the best known
boatbuilders on the bay. The sons John
F. Twigg and James A. Twigg now run
the business and their launches and
yachts are known from one end of the
coaat to the other.
In the old days the yards were at the
Potrero, but now the principal place of
business is at North Beach. y
New Lines of Steamers.
Among the new steamship lines that
came to the coast during the past year
or so were the Kosmos, Pacific Steam
Navigation and the Companla Sud Amer
icana de Vapores. The two latter are
Scuth American lines, while the Kosmos
has its home port in Hamburg. The first
of the latter company's fleet arrived here
in December, 1899. In 1S00 they only sent
twelve vessels to San Francisco, but this
year the number, has grown to eighteen,
and next year the company expects to In
crease the number to twenty-six. Lendal
M 1 . Gray is the manager and J. WC. Com
fort the freight agent at this port.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Company
and the Companla Sud Americana de Va
pores are working together and running
alternate vessels between here and Val
paraiso. They have made a wonderful
success of their venture and the lines will
be augmented by three new steamers in
the near future.
Hind, Rolph & Co. and J. R. Hanify &
Co. are among the younger firms that
have made names for themselves, during
the past few years. Both have come into
prominence through strictly legitimate
means and their business on the seas. has
grown in consequence. Starting with one
vessel, Hanify & Co. now manage the
steamers Santa Barbara, Santa Monica,
San.. Pedro, South Coast and the sailing
Continued on Page Sixty-Nine.
jj| . i W.A.D00ie«3UH
/. / v < \ (INCORPORATED)
m H% ? ' - ■ ' -9 " '
Norwegian S. S. Tellus on Dock, 2647 Tons Register. —:™ • Vice- President.
Quicker in operation than old i"^^^feSK^^S *
systems. Open to sunshine and ; .. .;^ ; -
air, bottoms quickly dry. Lo* k^^'-^I-L: -"rrSSES* * " '' ' *j
cated on Oakland Estuiry, con- "
venient of access. No rough BBHBB???5?. -- - — -»—
water, Wind, tides Or dirt. S. P. Co.'s Ferryboat Berkeley "on Dock, 1945 Tons Register.
CITY OFFICE = — =219 STEUART STREET
"AMY" ' /
"WILLIAM D."
•kitty r« BG A X HOUSE,
IIBTHA"
mA Foot of FOLSOM STREET
and >r-)V
"MAY"
Excursion Par- Boating Done at all Hours
ties to ail points Shipping attended to
around the Bay.
Barge -vera" Telephone Main 1348
for hauling ship's
stores to vessels
in the stream etc. OPEN ALL NIGHT
••oe*oeoQ®o®9®ee®®ee09oe*eeoeeee«oee«eeeoeeeo
® ii S
© ©
© ©
§ s
g 8
I ' I
I O; H o ; Kilborn. J
S x Prop. Bars Sausalito 'Boats o
s 1
I i
i |
®
SWAYNE, HOYT « CO.
Custom House Brokers
am Forwarding Agents
426 BATTEBY ST. # SAN FBANCISCO
| ( 7 ; TIMS CARD |
1 Steamer >|
| General Frisbie 1
— =^=Monticello J
i FOR U. S. NAVY YARD g
i AND VALLEJO. g
J 3 ROUND TRIPS DAILY «
] (Except Sundays.) 5>
i Leaves San Francisco >
ZZ ' 9:45 a. m., 3:13 p. m., S:30 p.m. >
| Leaves Vallejo \
71 1 a. m., 12:30 p. m., C p. m, > ,
| SUNDAYS \
J? Lvs. 8. F. 9:45 a. m. and 8:80 p. m. >
K Lvs. Vallejo 7 a. m. and 4:15 p. m. £
?> LANDINGS I
iy San Francisco — Mission Street Dock. 1
>> Pier 2. \. >
li. Vallejo — City Dock, Foot Virginia ?
S> Street. X
» First-Class Dining Room >
» S. F. Phone Main 1508. Vallajo Phono 383 j%
h FARE 5O CENl'S • V
>Z June 1, 1901. " 5
?> HATCH BROS. S
John Hackett, Manager,
PACIFJiTcOAST
DREDGING and
RECLAMATION
COMPANY.
29 Steuart Street,
San Francisco* Cal.
Tug Boat
"WALtER HACKETT.M
IVIHIll ODH-and Reclamation Co.
John Hackett, Mir.
29 Steuart Street.
PILES!
PILES!
J^ILES!
MAC'S INFALLIBLE PILE CURE
CURKS ALL. CASE3 OF BLIXX>
BLEEDING, ITCHINa AND PRO-
TRUDINQ PILES; cases of many
years' standing cured by a ilngla box; 5
price. 60 cents, A. JklcUOYLrB & CO.,
DRUGGISTS, 604 Washington «t. Ban
Francisco._ sr _ )rwr .-_-. r «^.., — ,-.,.-,.,„ ..,,.«.'.. > ...^.,...,,, 1wrwvi ..,.^. ,,.„. , w^ ml . ».,...,.. v . w^... v ,.... ■ „'.._„,.„■, •„>...,...,.— ,
The Paciiic Coast Steamship Co. owns over 20 steamers which are run \to ajl ports
of importance in California, Mexico, Oregon, Washington, British Columbia and Alaska
( OODALL, PERKINS & CO., San Francisco, are thegeneral agents.
PsssED^TJHn^^HsasffiHnBHBaasEssnisaaSBagBsssaaanaHiaBanHaHsaEBis'Ba
1 ' ■ -ri — HIND, ROLPH 6c CO. i
b ./ I I He ■ H
| A )ij / 1. '; N i Shipping and Comnilssloo IVIe'rchants |
* /TiKl ■ / Island IhiwJ Hawaiian %
1 ! 'ffl iltV''- Lime jlSI^j: Islands |
I '' -- >^IAlk*]P^^ • San Francisco » Cah » 302 California St. Honolulu, H. I., Brewer Building, es
S - CARLE ADDRESS. "flOtPH." CODES A-t, A-B-C, SCOTT'S, WATKIKS'.
F " ■ ■_'.'-".:^*gjir. ' ' '* ♦ ' •'■'■"• ' .--:'•-..' .."■ n
g ' ""^ " "*^ V ""- * ..REPRESENTING.. V H
5 ' " ' * / -»•.-. - •■■ . • . H
I *«. S cn. -ao.Mt ». h.nd - Messrs. BLACK, MOORE & CO. g
U Cwners of the following vessels t U
Q "Henry VillaLrd" "G. "W. Wateon" \ • g
g "fetaSf" --"hSK- 5 East India Avenue, London 9 ,B. C. m
G "Kona" "Jamee Rolph" . / . ' • \ '" - S
g "ko^h^ "SX5S North " ' 28 Brunswick Street, Liverpool, |
„ "MakAwell" "Mahukona" - . «, . - '5
™ "Cliallengrer" "Muriel" «< 2
C "Defender- "Robert R. Hind" CABLE AD3RES?, "LANCEFIELD." B
B "Emily Reed" "Wrestler" B
Redwood Mills, Humboldt, CaL / Pine IVIilis, Tacoma. Wash.
' ■' ' ■ . '."'■■- .' ■ . ■
Wholesale Lumber, .Shipping and Commission.
6 CALIFORNIA STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
" CABLE ADDRESS: TYSON. ;
fa ty *& «t» *fr rfr !j? «j? tjfct !jb^ " f * " ' U &^^ *'* *** *^ r *fo * u *to rt» »M" fj? rb - u »]? «^^ *fr »ftr *fr -ijj?^ »i« «>;»
PacMteamlaiationCo, «SS!iS£5S i So balfoub,' '
- AND - L5M.TED. J ' frTTTHPTif? Rr V(X
TAMPAWI AYv' Capjtal subscribed ■.' . . . $6,700,000 vl U A 11X11 JU %M \j\J .
'UvFiTil rllll^m Capital paid up . '.::.. . . . 1,340,000
; __ . Reserve Fund (in addition to capital) 3,625,000 £» fl_ • ,«i
SM Americana Je Taps thFSTIze i Shipping ■
# STKXMEHSKORTNXGHTI.TTO |nei|rflnPP A^flPISltinn I I 111 itp fl /^
MEXICAN and ChN I KALAffltKIUN marine wiJIIIIIIl^^iO IX
nfkrsTC* n i \l l m I Capital subscribed . . .'..--;-. $800,000 ra _ ' v ' ' •
fOKlJ, rAWAlfiA C»pitil paid up and Reserve Fund . . 996,000 . /|/| A 'fctf\%^tt4r'Q : - : .
And Other South American Ports. Tho AmnriOQIl <snf] Cnrnirrn S?-' ' :^v
s. s. tucapel sans..... .December 21 i ilp AIII&Nbdll dliU rulBlgll 3J6 CALIFORNIA STREET.
S $M^SM0^WM MARINE INSURANCE-CO. ;||||§|g|§||||^|i
high-class passenger accommodations. :^> gf new york. Baifour, Williamson & Co : :Liyerpboi and London
For freight and other particulars apply to Cap.tal pa,dli P .____ . . $200,000 ilS^ft S l^. -i ..V.NeW York
BALFOUR, GUTHRJE & CO. BALFOUfl, GUJHRIE & CO. Wi!lte^^^
general agents, < general agents. Valparaiso, Talcahuano, Concepcion
316 CALIFORNIA STREET. a. h. small, Manager. and Traiguen, Chile.
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CjVL.LV SUNDAY, .DECEMBER 15, 1901.
CALIFORNIA SOLDIERS PROVIDE
TWO VERY STRIKING PAGEANTS
Arrival and Departure of Citizen Warriors Give Rise to Most
Moving Spectacles When Wharves- Blaze
ON the 25th day' of May, 1893, San |
Francisco saw something new in
its history. Then the First Call- j
fornia Volunteers, the Second}
, Oregon Volunteers, five companies !
of the Fourteenth United States Infantry
and a detachment of United States heavy
artillery went - out through the Golden
Gate en route for the Philippines. There
were four vessels In the fleet which bore
the citizen soldiery of California, Oregon,
the regulars of the United States army |
and their escort away to the war with \
Spain across the width of the broad Pa
cific Ocean. On the City of Peking were
the' Calif ornians, who were naturally, be
ing the sons, husbands and fathers of
San Francisco, in receipt of the greater
share of attention.
The steamers . in the flotilla were the
City of Peking, the City of Sydney, the
Australia and the cruiser Charleston. The
latter acted as convoy to the merchant
steamers which emergency had caused to
be metamorphosed into transports for an
American army on a voyage of conquest
i in lands in the southern seas.
The Calif ornians broke camp at the
Presidio on the 23d of May and marched,
down to the Mail dock. San Francisco,
at once- proud and tearful, had its heart
upon its sleeve that day, as the band
played, the crowds cheered and the rela
tives of the. departing soldiers saw the
beginning of the warlike progress of their
nearest and dearest. But when the day
came for the departure through the Gold
en Gate the spectacle was maritime.
! Local dignitaries of various degrees em
barked in tugs, and the din of steam
whistles, hoarsely blown all along the
water front, and the roar of cannon were
among the farewell sounds that the sol-,
dier boys of: the several commands heard
as they sailed away. . ,'.' ■
Before the start various craft, all
dressed as for a gala day, circled around
ACTIVE MEN RELATE PERSONAL EXPERIENCES
Continued From Page Sixty-Eight.
vessels Esther Buhne, Charles : E.. Falk,
Jessie Minor and Soquel.
Richard Sweasey, president of the Hum
boldt Steamship Company, is one of the
best known men on the coast. Mining
men, shipping men, investors and seafar
ing men all know Mr. Sweasey, and -when
ever he comes to San Francisco there is
a crowd to meet him. As head of the
>Humboldt Steamship Company he has
>-made a great success of that concern and
the corporation is more than on Easy
street. . - - ".-.-.
A new firm on the front that has had
wonderful- growth Is that of O'Callaghan,
Nelson & Co. The principal members of
the firm were formerly with Ross & Hew
lett, but when -that concern' dissolved the.
present firm came into existence. Both
Mr. O'Callaghan and : Mr. Nelson ; are
known from one end of the front to the
other. "Dan" Is a member of all the
athletic clubs, a splendid business man
and a thoroughly good fellow. ■
The Ferry cafe is a good stopping place
during a tour of the front. Louis Arzner
and "Teddy" Osborne, old-timers on the
Oakland ferry-boats, will be there to meet
you, and a cordial welcome is extended.
It is one of • the coziest corners on the
front, and many a good lunch has been
served there.
One of the best known men on the front
is Lorentz Foard. Lately his business on
Market street has been merged into the
Lewis Anderson Company, and the con
cern Is now known as the Lewis-Ander
son-Foard Company.
Lorentz Foard came here nearly a gen
eration ago and at once made his home
PACIFIC COAST SHIPBUILDERS HOLD HIGH RANK AS CRAFTSMEN
The Pacific Coast has made a splendid
record for building all craft for coast and
deep-water use. There are no better
shipbuilders in the world than are found
here. Among the: names of the mas
ter builders whose skill and craft .have
given rise to good samples of marine
architecture, in California are Alexander
Hay, W. A. Boole, E. J. Stone, John F.
Twigg, E. Munder, A. M. "Wilson, H. D.
Bendlxsen, Charles Ruling, Matthew Tur
ner, C. P. Doe, E. G. "Wright, John L.
Heald, C. G. White, ■ A. M. Wilson, E.
WHOLE|ALE
16 CALIFORNIA STREET
'; Telephone MAIN 857- / "
Coffee and :
J^nch place
JACOB PETERSEN
No. 9 MarKet Street
the three transports. There were band3
which played patriotic airs and one that
played "Annie Laurie." -
Uvery boat which came near the ships
received from the boys the order "blow
your wUistle," and the whistle blew.
Then from the crowded deck and the rig
ging where they clung would come a se
ries of hurrah, hurrahs, to which a spon
taneous reply was certain, and trie
clamor hardly knew pause.
There were cheers for the Governor and
the State officials, steaming alongside in
the show of ■ gold braid. There were
cheers for the meanest boat afloat if only ;
it displayed the red, white and blue.
Every, one know3 how the soldiers went
out through the Golden Gate; how Brig
adier General Anderson of the regular
army of the United States, in command
of. the expedition, was In command on
the Australia; how well they fought In
the Philippines; how regiments from dif
ferent States of the Union came into
San Francisco, encamped and then went
away, at intervals, on the transports
across the sea. The white-hulled vessels
that carried the red, white and blue
shield and the red, white and blue fun
nels became familiar objects . after
awhile, though never failing to attract
interest.
Probably the Interest ran even higher
when the First California Volunteers re
turned from the war in , the Philippines,
and the demonstration made on the bay
and at the Golden Gate was worthy of
the occasion. History for the bay wa3
made on that day by the aid of artists
and the pens • of gifted writers. The re
turning Californians came Into port on
the transport Sherman, which arrived in
sight off the heafls on the 23d of August.
1899, but which was held outside until the
following day,' that the great naval pa
rade, arranged as the initial - token of
welcome to the returning soldiers, .night
be arranged. ''
On the 24th along the wharves were
\ gayly decorated vessels of every descrip-
on the- front. He grew with the shipping
and is now one of the representative men
on the front. His old place on Market
street will be occupied by . the Alam«da
cafe. This little concern has grown to
such proportions that its owner Is glad
of ■ a chance to secure larger quarters.
In the meantime Mr. * Foard will retain
his old quarters on Steuart street.
Port's Big Shipping Concerns.
There are people on the front who re
quire no advertising. Everybody knows
them, and as bulwarks of the commerce
of San Francisco they are known the
world over. Of such are J. J. Moore &
Co., : Balfour, Guthrle ,& Co., the Pacific
Coast . Steamship Company, the. Oceanic
Steamship Company, the Humboldt
Steamship Company, Hind, Rolph'& Co.,
John ' Rosenfeld's Sons, the Shipowners'
and Merchants' Towboat Company. Madi
son,' Bruce & Sellars, John S. Kimball,
the Charles Nelson ..Company and the
Dollar Steamship Company. Who is there
from end to end of the Pacific slope that
does not know John Rosenfeld, J. J.
Moore, Robert ! Dollar. Edwin Goodall,
John D. Spreckels, "William Babcock.
Charles Nelson, James Bruce and a host
of others who are now the moving spirits
In the port of San Francisco? They are
here to stay, and the number of vessels
they are adding to their fleets every year
shows that the business of the port is in
creasing. -
About the best known of the Custom
house brokers are Swayne & Hoyt and
W. H. Thornley. Everybody knows
"Billy" - Thornley, and a better fellow
never breathed. Swayne & Hoyt have
madeyrapld progress during the past
years, and the firm now does a leading
business on' the coast.
Jarvls, R. "W. Schultze, J. C. Beetle,
George W. Kneass, W. F. Stone, Denis
Sullivan,. Sidney Newell, George Ross, G.
F. Lauteri, R. - T: Engelbrecht, W. H.
Richmond, J. Spiers, J. K. Fraser, George
P. Dillman, C. P. Larsen. J. A. Leonard.
G. B. Baglletto, T. P. H. Whltelaw. Frank
Harris, O. F. L. Farenkam. William
Dickie, John Ennis, D. J. Holder, C. J.
Jorgenscn, David Dorward, F. V. de Roco,
H. S. Hanson, O. Olsen, S. Haskell and
tothers.'
Private enterprise has added many fa
cilities for the transaction of commerce at
this port. Chief of these is the Merchants'
ALEX. NELSON DANIEL OCALUGHAIJ
O'CALLAGHAN, NELSON & CO.
EXPORTERS AND WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
GROCERIES AND PRODUCE
SHIP SUPPLIES AND CHANDLERY
SEA STORES A SPECIALTY ; 4
Progress Brand Creamery Butter, Eg^s and Cream Cheese
Pola! ocs-Onions-fi ovr lor Export
. .,^A"^,6 .DAVIS .STREET jv;:2'
-.TELEPHONE MAIN 1181 i '.■ SAN FRANCISCO
ESTABLISHED 1S63
Lost Anchors and)
Chains Recovered, t \ ' __
L*t at" Reasonable ( ' ' *»M^HB.ai 1 V*» sS^ V/ 9
\ Rates. . . \ , • .,
Hand Winches and( _ . . . . ' _ _ ■
cu^f "" Contractors and Submarine Engineers
(Harnrner^lron^^ 216=218 SpeaP StPCCt
A KhINE WORK SAiV-F/fAiVC/SCO
) '■ ship-smithing \ New and Second-Hand Machinery^ .
\ Cone at Short Notlcef .- r> ~ o " «i ' i. *
(Anchors »=d Chain, - ) Engines, Pumps, Borers, ttc.j
JOn Hand and Made to\
\. T ~ .° c rder - . ■ ( Highest Price Paid Sop 'crap Iron,
/New and Second-hand \ s - c. «y » j »
(water Pipe and Hosef Copper, Bra^s> Zir.c, Lead, Rope,
6^^—v— -^^~->^-vi— v^-^j tails and Machinery
tion, big and litttle, from the ocean trans
port to the tiny launch. From £.11 waved
the flags of greeting, the symbols of what
the city felt. As the interesting hour
neared,' the ships left their moorings and
their docks. Music, patriotic and.exhila
rating, floated over the waters of the
bay. Cheers born of the contagion - of
excitement and enthusiasm sourded from
the wharves. Now and then came the
booming of a signal gun and the answer
of waving flags and cheers. Down tjja
bay the vessels steamed toward the Gold
en Gate. The hour for the horr.e-coming
of the CaUfornians was approaching.
The steamers and other vessels formed
into two lines, leaving an avenu-3 of clear
water between them. Then the Sherman
entered the Golden Gate on her Lomeward
way and was greeted with the familiar
music of cannon as the forts volleyed at
her and the artillery on the shipping
added to the din with their guns. - The
Sherman steamed down the avenue be
tween the ships. Soldier forms were
clinging to her rigging. Her decks were
black with moving figures. Cheer upon
cheer echoed on the air, and wlti punctu
ating precision came the roar of guns
from the forts. How the greetings wera
interchanged between the men on the
Sherman and the men, women and chil
dren on the other vessels cannot be told.
There were cheers, words of love, anx
ious questions and sad answers.- So th«
Sherman came home and the bay added
another chapter, of unique history to Its
annals.
Since then soldiers have been coming:
and going at intervals and commerce has
been stimulated by the large business ofi
furnishing supplies for the men at the
Presidio, on the transports and at the
Philippines. Ships that were at first
taken from their regular runs on the Pa
cific Ocean were restored to their old
places in many cases, while the Govern
ment arranged Its line to the Philippines
with more care and deliberation than was
at first possible. -
The Piper- Aden-Goodall Company la ona
of the oldest concerns on the coast.
Through the energy of Arthur Piper, R.
J. R. Aden, "Al" Pryor and Harry Good
all the company has become ,a great
factor In shipping circles, and la now ons
of the best managed concerns on tha
front.
A character on the front 13 Dtjrby Lay
don, who Is one of the best hearted fel
lows that ever breathed. Mr. Laydon has
done a considerable portion of the bridgo
building In the State, and there i:i hardly a
section of the water front that he has not
done more or. less work on. As a con
tractor he has always lived up to his
agreement, and never has his work been
called into question.
Albert Meyer, the well-known butcher,
grocer and shipowner, at the foot of Sac
ramento street, is another water fronter
known from San .Diego to .Victoria, B. C.
His friends are legion,' and many a deep
water skipper makes a bee lino for the
store on Sacramento street as soon as the
ship comes to an anchor.
Down on East street, near Mission. Is
the Favorite saloon. There John Flath
mann holds forth, and what he cannot tell
you about the recent yacht races is not
worth hearing. John was back there dur
ing the contest, and he says the Sham
rock should have won. Pay him a visit
and argue the question.
Reinsurance winds up the number. If
you want to. know anything about an
overdue go to M. A. Newhall &-. Co. At
the present time there are a number of
vessels behind time, and some of them
are paying heavy rates to relnssure. ■ On
all these matters Mr. Newhall Is an ex
pert, and being In direct communication
with London always has the latest quota
tions.
Exchange service, -which gives timely no
tice of shipping movements through its
stations at Point Lobos and Meiggs wharf
and its telegraphic and other advices re
ceived at the office on California street.
These branches are excellently managed
and afford a large amount of Invaluable
information to the commercial community
daily.
As to the general scope of the shipping:
of the port, the reader is referred to tho
many advertisements in this edition,
which show that there are lines of vessel3
to nearly all parts of the world running
regularly.
6970
Bird's-Eye View of the Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works, Potrero, San Francisco.
THE main shops and the ship
building plant of the Risdon Iron
I Vk'crks are located on the water
I frcnt of the Potrero, between
JL Nineteenth and Twenty - second
streets.
The property consists of thirty-two
acres, lying between Georgia street and
the shore line, which is here nominally
Massachusetts street, and includes • the
former site of the Pacific Rolling Mills.
The main entrance is at Twentieth and
Louisiana streets, four blocks east of
Kentucky street, on ■which is the near
est electric-car line. The main line of
the Southern Pacific Railway's bay shore
extension is three blocks from the en
trance on Illinois street. From this a
spur runs down Twentieth street through
the main gateway, which is forty feet
wide, and there spreads out fan shaped
into four branches. All these tracks are
interconnected by curves of 150 feet
radius, allowing a choice of two or three
routes from almost any point to .any
other, thus preventing the annoyance and
delay of blocking traffic. For Instance,
there are four possible routes from the
machine shop to the shear legs— the ulti
mate destination of ali large marine
work. The total length of tracKage
about the works Is four miles.
The general arrangement of the
buildings is as follows: North of Twen
tieth street is located the shipbuilding
department proper. It consists of the
mold ioft and ship tool building, pla-te
racks and the shipbuilding ways. South
of Twentieth 6treet the first tier of build
ings is as follows, going toward the bay:
New office, blacksmith shop, angle-bar
shed, warehouse, joiner and ship-pat
tern shop and nreproofing and riggers
shops. The next tier south consists of
machine shop, storeroom, ■ power-house,
copper shop and boiler-house. The fol
lowing tier contains the erecting shop,
extension to the machine shop, pattern
chop, boiler shop, foundry, flask shop
and flask yard. There is a complete line
of wharves on the bay frontage, includ
ing a fitting-out slip, surrounded on
three sides with wharfage and railroad
tracks. It will be noticed that the grounds
axe amply provided with railway facili
ijg^—jn fact a track has been laid
wherever it could be of use. As all the
curves are 150 feet raflius, the usual
flatcars and railway yard locomotives
have access to all parts of the works.
The complete track system also makes
it possible to utilize all the space not
occupied by buildings for storage. Ma
terial and all heavy articles are carried
about the works by three yard or locomo
tive cranes, having a capacity of ten tons.
These are also used for switching cars.
The buildings are constructed of struc
tural steel, covered with galvanized cor
rugated iron, thus being fireproof
throughout. The foundations are con
crete piers. Under the machine shop,
boiler shop, foundry and blacksmith shop
piers are laid upon bedrock, as the site
of these buildings has been excavated
from the surrounding hills. The ship
too! building columns and each separate
machine rest upon concrete piers nine
fee* deep, which, in turn, are built upon
piles from seventy to ninety feet long,
driven to bedrock. The joiner shop is
similarly supported, though the distance
to bedrock is not so great.
The lighting facilities are ample indeed.
Each shop is completely equipped with
arc and incandescent lamps, so that work
can be carried on continuously night and
day when necessary.
Power.
Four kinds of power are distributed
completely throughout the works—com
pressed air, hydraulic, steam and electric.
Compressed air Is used for hoists, drills,
riveters,* calkers and other pneumatic
tools, the provision for the ship building
and repairing plant, wharves and fitting
cut slip being especially complete.
Hydraulic power is used for large riv
eters, punches, jacks, drop forging
• . ' ■ ' - ■ ■ " ■ ■ . ■-.--.' _ . . . . . . ■ - :'■-'■•■ ■ ■
presses, hoists, keel plate bender, etc.,
and also for testing.
Steam is used outside the power-houso
itself, for steam hammers and heating
purposes.
The main source of power, however, is
electric. Nearly all machines, except the
special hydraulic and pneumatic and the
steam hammers, which require over five
horsepower, are independently -driven by
electric motors. The smaller machines
are belt driven from line shafts, each
having its own motor.
The Power-House.
This Is a thoroughly modern, one-story
steel structure, 75 by 100 feet, situated in
the center of the plant. It is the produc
ing and distributing point for the differ
ent power systems mentioned above, and
also serves for the salt and fresh water
distribution for drinking and fire pur
poses, as well as petroleum distribution
for the boilers, blacksmith shop and boiler
shop fires.
The boilers (now being installed) are of
the Heine watertube type and will event
ually supply all the power used in the
1 works. They are oil burning, as are also
those upon the locomotive cranes.
The electrical equipment includes:
Two 250 K. W. static transformers, 11,
, 000 to 440 volts.
Two 150 K. W. static transformers, 11,
' 000 to 196 volts.
One 50 K. W. static transformer. 2200 to
■ 110 volts.
Two 25 K. w. static transformers, 2200
1 to 110 volts. ......
; Two 10 K. W. Btatlc transformers, 440 to
■ 110 volts.
! One 250 K. W. rotary converter, 196 to
! 220 volts. . > . ■
1 All are supplied with the necessary
■ switches, ammeters, volt meters, watt
; meters and other requirements. At pres
ent power is taken from the mains of tho
; Independent Light and Power Company,
, at 11,000 volts, two-phase, 60 cycles. Pro
• vision, however, has been made to Install
- generators which will furnish all the pow
■ er reauired.
The direct current system is used to
1 operate all the overhead traveling cranes
• and two or three small motors.
• The alternating current system supplies
• power to the remaining motors and the
i arc and incandescent lamps.
I The hydraulic power system is supplied
» by a 150 horsepower, triple throw, dou
• ble acting pump, driven by an induction
i motor. This pump produces a pressure of
| 1500 pounds per square inch and feeds a
I battery. of four accumulators, which au
i tomatically control the output. The pow
• er is then distributed through "a- system
» of manifolds to the various departments
t The compressed air is furnished by a
■ 200 horsepower, two stage, intercooled
l compressor, directly connected to a com
■ pound Corliss engine. Provision is made
. for adding more when required. The com
pressor delivers through a receiver to the
• mains at a pressure of 100 pounds per
• square inch.
t The fresh and salt water systems dis
- tribute through the manifolds throughout
, the plant, the former direct from the
> Spring Valley mains, the latter from a
; 16x9x12 inch Smith-Valle fire pump which
I will deliver 750 gallons per minute. This
> is governed by a Metz pump governor, so
> that it keeps a constant pressure on the
5 mains. As the salt water is also used for
i condensing and sprinkling, the grounds the
( pump is constantly In operation, thus b.e
5 ing ready at all times for emergencies.
» By a system of valves the fire pumps can
be changed over to the fresh water sys
tem if necessary, or in case of fire will
! operate both until the arrival of the city's
c engines, when the latter will take fresh
1 water, leaving the salt water system for
the shop force. .
There Is also in the power-house a 100
horsepower induction motor driving a line
1 shaft which operates a blower for the
. blacksmith • shop fires, an auxiliary air
compressor and an auxiliary hydraulic
' pump. . ... >
a Oil System.
% The oil system is very complete, crude
I petroleum being the principal fuel
throughout the works.
- The storage tank holds 7000 barrels and
5 is surrounded by a brick wall 80 by 55
THE SAN FRAJNCISGO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1901.
feet, 9 feet high, forming a reservoir with
cemented floor which will contain the en
tire contents of the tank. One corner is
walled off, forming a pumping room. Hero
Is located a Goulds rotary pump operated
by a flve^horsepower motor and having a
capacity of 250 gallons per minute.' Th'*s
is connected to the pipe lines so as- to be
used either to empty tank- cars into the
storage tank or pump oil into the sup
ply tank at the power-house. .It will
empty a car in twenty-five mnutes or fill
the storage tank (which will last about
ten hours) in fifteen minutes. . Four cars
can be connected to it at one time. The
supply tank is burled beneath'one end of
the power-house. -Above this are two du
plex steam pumps arranged in duplicate.
These pump the oil through a heater to
the boilers. They also pump oil to tho
blacksmith and boiler shops, where It is
used in the angle furnace, rivet-heating
furnaces and other fires. . •
Machine Shop.
This building is a carefully designed
steel structure, 308 by 101 feet, is unusuai
ly lofty for such buildings and is elabor
ately lighted and ventilated.
The tools' have been carefully chosen to
properly handle the heaviest marine and
mining machinery as well as the flnesc
and most accurate machine work. ' They
were supplied by the Bement-Miles Com
pany of Philadelphia, and there is no
machine shop in the country that con
tains larger tools j or a more complete
equipment. •• • ■ ;
Above the ground floor are two galleries
on each side of the building. The lower
galleries are each 125 by 25 feet, extending
from the north end. . The upper galleries
are of the same width, extending the full
length of the building. The lower ones
are filled with small tools, vise benches,
etc., aa is the east upper gallery, the west
being at present occupied by the electrical
storeroom and workshop, office and' the
temporary draughting room of- the works.
In the remaining 1S3 feet not occupied by
the lower galleries (that is, the south 'or
erecting end) run two ten and fifteen tori
electric overhead traveling cranes of
twenty-live foot span, twenty-two foot
lift. In the middle fifty feet, which j is
clear to the roof, runs a twenty-ton crane
the full length of the building. It has a
lift of thirty feet. Besides these a sixty
ton crane of the same type is to be In
stalled in the south end, where the erect
ing shop is located. .It will be • above the
twenty-ton crane and will have a fifty
foot span, forty-flve-foot lift and 183-fbot
run. The fifteen, twenty and sixty ton
cranes all have five-ton auxiliary hoists.
The ground floor is paved throughout with
red wood blocks, set on end in asphalt
and coated over with tar and gravel. .; '-
The machine shop toolroom is built Into
one side of the main, building about mid
way in length. It is 30x60 feet, two stories
high, encased on three sides, .. with the
fourth separated from the- main- shop by
wire netting only. It contains a complete
equipment of the finest machines for mak
ing tools and a large assortment on' hand
of all the tools necessary for a modern
shop
Boiler Shop.
: The boiler shop and foundry adjoin end
to end • allowing space through' the -par
tition for the railroad track, which runs
"through 1 the boiler shop close to this par
tition and serves as an outlet for . both;
The shop is a thoroughly substantial,
high, well-lighted building, 137:6x185 feet.
It also is paved with wooden blocks. Ad
joining is the foreman's office, 14x14:6 fee^
raised eight feet above the floor and so
situated as to command a view of ' the
entire shop.' .A toolroom 61x14:6 feet is
situated under and to one side of the
office. It is ■ separated from the shop by
wire netting, the other three sides -being
cased in. There is also a room 45x30 feet,
'fitted with racks for bolts and rivets.' The
main shop has three overhead •• electric
traveling cranes, one 60-ton, with 56-foot
span and 41-foot lift, one 20-ton, 50- foot
span and 41-foot lift and one 10-ton, with
33%-foot span and ' 30-foot lift. All have
5- ton auxiliary hoists.
Among the principal machines are a
large punch with a 60-inch jaw, capable of
punching a 6-Inch hole In a %-lnch' plate.'
Here are also located 12-foot 6-inch rolls
capable of rolling a IVi-inch plate.
There is a gang drill for drilling large
boilers on which three men can operate
at one time; large flange punch for punch
ing heads — the latest improved pattern. ■
Besides there are drills of all sizes and
kinds, the latest improved types of bevel
angle and plate shears, post Jib cranes
with hydraulic hoists, hydraulic flanging
clamps- and bending machines, ' bending
slabs, five forges, rivet-heating furnaces,
etc. Outside the building and -alongside
the. railroad track3 are ' the plate racks,
also tube racks sixty feet long by eighty
feet high.
Air is furnished the forges by a No. 8
Sturtevant steel pressure blower belted to
the line shaft. * *. ■'
Foundry.
This is a steel building practically
matching the boiler shop, which it joins.
It covers an area of 160x178 feet. It is
provided with traveling cranes i of ample
capacity for handling the heaviest cast
ings, besides various post jib cranes dis
tributed throughout the shop. The prin
cipal crane has a lift of forty feet.' The
building is well lighted - and-- ventilated
throughout. The molding floor • space is
about 20,000 square. feet. :
The space for cleaning castings is 40x50
feet and is well equipped with emery
v/heels, rattlers, scales, etc. ".
The foundry equipment includes four
cupolas for melting iron, with an aggre
gate capacity of fifty tons and a reverb
eratory furnace. The core department
contains four core ovens, 12x18 feet. 14
feet high; one core oven 18x25 feet, 14 feet
high; one small core oven with turret and
shelves, and a cement core floor 35xS0 feet.
* There is a large cupola, deck having
ample space for storing material for im
mediate use, while adjoining the cupolas
is room for storing pra-ctically unlimited
quantities of pig iron and coke which are
easy of access. Under ■ the . cupol a plat
forms are large bins witheement floor for
storing loam. There is a; large Chili mill
for loam work. The blower plant consists
of one Root blower No. 6, stared. to a 30
horsepower motor, and one*Roof blower,
No. 5, geared to a 20-horsepower motor.
Blackmith. Shop, v
■This shop is intended -and 'designed ' to
handle all work of that character for both
machine and ship work. The building is
of steel, 58x307 feet, and is especially de
signed as regards ventilation. The- sides
and ends are made up entirely of sliding
doors, which can be moved in either di
rection", securing a cool shop in the hottest
weather and allowing large pieces to be
swung in easily or carried out at ■ any.
point.. ■ • ■ - "
The following are among the tools in
cluded: • V . '
■Hydraulic pressf for making and weld
ing- bands ' and for drop forging. .'.
Electric beveling machine ...for angle
iron.' *"'■ ! ■ ' " :
One 3-ton steam hammer. ,
One 2-ton steam hammer. .
One 1-ton steam hammer. , > ..\
One 1500-pound steam hammer.
Two 1100-pound steam hammers.
One belt hammer. .; • . .
Two 20-ton steam" jib cranes.
Two 10 and 6 ton wood jib cranes. >
One 10-ton steel jib crane.
One forging furnace from • which the
■ waste gases are utilized in a steam boiler,
for'; supplying steam to the cranes. •: : V"
also contains bending slabs 45x45 feet;
has a full equipment for forging cranks
and heavy shafting, shipsmithing, ma
chine forgings, etc. •:•-■•
-There ■ is room for forty-flve fires ar
ranged along the .center and on either
side. '. - , ■. ;•■ •• .• . ■ 'i :
Pipe Shop.
This shop immediately joins . the boiler
shop on the opposite end • from the | f oun
dry ■ and extends •.' north ' to ■' the. power
house.and copper- shop. These form, the
ends, the sides being open. The roof
covers a: space of : 133x186 .feet," which is
not ; excessive when s we - take Into : consid
eration the: facf that the' Risdon • Iron
Works make rnore sheet pipe .than -any
other single firm 'in the worlds r ■ ."
This shop is also" used extensively for
doing light' pipe work, making - smoke
stacks, dredger- buckets,, etc. , Narrow
gauge tracks connect it with the boiler
shop. . .
Ship Tool Building. •
The mold loft and ship tool building
has been very carefully designed and is
perhaps the most thoroughly and elab
orately equipped' ,for saving labor and
turning' out work rapidly of any in
America. •■ ■•■•■■ .
It is of steel, 320 feet long by 65 feet
wide, with an additional 15 leet of over
hanging shed running the full length.
This side is open, the columns being 40
feet apart and facing the shoreward ends
of the shipbuilding | ways.".
The mola loft floor, having a perfectly
clear expanse of 65x320 feet, ;ia- probably
the largest in America. Being supported
every ten- feet by latticed girders-five
feet deep, it is practically rigid.
The most noticeable feature of the ship
tool shop is the elaborate system of trol
leys ana crawls for distributing material
and handling it at the machines.
There are twenty-four crawls, ranging
from 6-foot t to 17-foot span and are sup
plied with I cross trolleys for handling
plates and angles," nine 3-foot gauge trol
leys running , on tho through . tracks for
distributing material " and two narrow
gauge trolleys for handling angle bars at
the. double. angle shears and angle planer.
f Down the center ■ of the shop ■ is - a row
of S six large double-ended punch and
shearing machines, over which are two
lines of track carrying twelve crawls of
11-foot span each. Completely around
these runs a through track carrying four
3-foot trolleys for distribution. Just out
side this oval are 6-foot gauge tracks for
the , four, small single-ended punches or
shears and the two 30-foot plate planers;
13-foot gauge tracks for the mast rolls
and straightening rolls, and clear across
one end are two 17-foot gauge tracks
completely covering the large 30-foot
bending rolls, which will take a plate two
and a half Inches thick, and the hydraulic
keel bender, which. will bend a plate four
inches thick.' Material is brought in on
a 3-foot track running the entire length
of the overhanging shed ■ and extending
beyond enough to take from the .Gantry
crane running over the plate racks. The
3-foot, track is - twenty-three ' feet • from
the groundfT allowing the locomotive
trains to . swing underneath the railroad'
track, paralleling the trolley just outside
the shed., All the other trolley tracks are
fourteen feet from the ground. All the
crosstracks run out to meet this through
track;' so 'that -material can be taken to
any machine, in : the shop or the finished
work : removed i without disturbing ' any
other machine even when all are in ' use.
Besides the machines mentioned above,
there are two radial counter-sinking and
drilling ; machines . working . over a long
roller table and various smaller drill
presses. . j _ __ . _„
, ' Miscellaneous Buildings.
Besides the principal buildings ■' men
.tioned above', there is a completely
equipped joiner and ship pattern shop,
two stories high, 160 by 81 feet, at present
supplying all the pattern work; a copper
stop, 110 feet by- 45 feet; a brass foundry,'
80 feet; by. 110 feet; a two-story pattern
storage warehouse, * 80 ; feet by 170. feet; i
miscellaneous warehouses aggregating;
133 feet by 200 feet; an emergency hospital.
23 feet by 75 feet; a stable, 35 feet by 123
feet, and a Babbitt melting and fitting
shop, 16 feet by 25 feet. - ■
Water^ Front?.;), \
The wharfage facilities . include , nine
wharves, with frontage as follows:; - ;
No.,1- 387 feet long.
■ No. 2— 300 feet long. -
; No. .3— 48. feet long.
No. 4— 300 feet long.
No. 5—138 feet long. . •, •
- No. > 6—235 feet long.
No. 7— 42 feet nine inches long.
"No. 8— 300 feet long. . ;
v No. 9—150 feet long. .
The total frontage is 1900 feet. ', \/- •.
All are connected by railroad tracks and
have I hydraulic, compressed air and elec
tric connection with the power-house, be
sides salt and! fresh .water, plugs. '
.The 100-ton shear legs are, located : on
wharf No.* 1. Besides the main lift of 100
tons , there is a masting ' hoist of twenty
tons' capacity. The shear legs have an
overhang of thirty-six feet, a spread of
forty-flve feet, and«a clear lift, of ninety
feet. .
Shipyards and "Ways.
There Is room at present for building
five vessels 600 feet long and one 700 feet
long, or a greater number of smaller ves
sels occupying the same length.
Provision is made for handling all ma
terial in the course of construction by
overhead traveling cranes.
Plate Sacks.
These are located along the ship ways
and extending up to the blacksmith shop
a-icl the ship tool building. . They will be
covered by a Gantry crane, with a span
of sixty, feet, running their entire
length and delivering material to either
the blacksmith shop or the trolleys of the
ship tool building. Railroad tracks pass
through them underneath the Gantry,
which Will be high enough to allow the
locomotive cranes to pass underneath.
- ; Launches.
The Risdon Iron Works is well supplied
with launches, having three operated by
gasoline, for service between the Potrero
Works and the downtown office and
branch.* They are fif ty-flve feet, fifty feet
and thirty-six feet long, respectively, and
are very swift, the largest being equal
•in sDeed to anything on the bay of the
same dimensions.
' . Expansion.
, The total ground owned is thirty-two
acres, while the aggregate area under
cover at present Is approximately eight
acres, with another acre provided for in
the near future. This leaves twenty- three
acres for ship yard, storage and future
expansion. The total floor area, with
what is provided for, amounts to ten and
one-half acres.
City Office.
The new city office and branch machine
shop is a. handsome building, located at
the corner of Steuart and Folsom streets,
near the Folsom street wharf. It contains
a storeroom for made-up stock, an exhibi
tion of sample machines and a small shop
for hurried repairs, and other work of
similar nature.
, The Growth of the Eisdon.
The Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works
though entering upon a remarkably era of
expansion, so extensive and divergent
that the old landmarks of its development
are quite lost sight of, is yet one of the
oldest and best established manufactur
ing institutions on the Pacific Coast. In
the early days, when mining was the
crime source of wealth on this coast, its
machinery was the most important manu
factured. The Risdon, being a pioneer In
this field, has grown up with it, expand
ing as -it- developed and - contributing ita
full quota of original inventions, improved
forms and labor-saving devices, .which
have made California's methods a model
of mining on a large scale as a practical
science the world over. Though this will
always remain an' extensive and lucrative
field other lines are developing into even
greater magnitude— shipbuilding, for in
stance Into this the Risdon is prepared
to bring the same energy, improved meth
ods and conscientious workmanship
which have built up its remarkable trade
In the former branch. , - ■ ■
• The work which this company is now
prepared to do lies in five broad fields,
, each complete in all its branches. They
are shipbuilding, marine engineering,
mining machinery, structural iron work
and miscellaneous engine and , machine
! work. •.'.-..
The Shipbuilding.
! In the first the equipment is entirely
new and up. to date and includes facilities
for building six steel vessels at once, 600
or 700 -feet long and up to eighty feet
beam, or a larger number of smaller ves
sels. There are also provided seven
wharves for the repair and fitting out of
steamers.
Marine Engineering.
The second department is': that of ma
rine engines, high pressure, condensing
compound, triple or quadruple expansion;
! marine boilers of the latjst Improved
Scotch, locomotive type or water-tube, for
burning eltber coal or crude petroleum;
condensers, feed pumps. dlsitilllng appa
ratus, evaporators, refrigerating and lea
machines, steering engines, windlasses,
' winches, coal and ash handling machinery
—and, in fact, all that goes to operate an
ocean-going steamer of the largest and
most elaborate type.
Mining Machinery.
The .third or mining machinery class 13
so broad that only a Dare mention can be
made of the various types. For mining
. proper there are hoisting and pumping en
' gines. steam, hydraulic and portable, and
rock-drilling, tramway and ventilating
machinery. For ore reduction there are
smelting furnaces for silver, lead and
copper, reverberatory and mechanical
roasting furnaces, revolving a.nd kiln ore
dryers, stamp mills, roller mills, concen
trators and chlorination works. Amonjr
the specialties in this line manufactured
by the Risdon are Bryan roller mills,
Johnson concentrators, steel whims. Hos
kins' giants, Wright calcining furnaces.
Pelatan clerici process machinery and
Evans' hydraulic elevators. Among the
different methods of mining one in partic
ular has become of paramount Importance
in the last few years. It is working tho
gold-bearing river beds by means oC ,
bucket and even caisson dredgers. •• (
Th© Riadon has built a great number^
of those and holds the exclusive rights
for building the R. H. Postlethwaite
dredge, undoubtedly the most successful
one on the market. As evidence of this
might be stated the fact the.t four years
ago there was no successful dredger
working in California, although many
were left as failures on the banks of riv
ers throughout the State.
Since the first Risdon dredger was built
on the Feather River theri have been
over thirty of them made, and tbe Ris
don is now building nine cf these ma
chines. The dredgers have not only been
used in California but are in operation
all over the Western State« and among
the gold districts of Africa, Alaska and
Mexico.
Structural Iron Work. 1
In the fourth class— that of structural
iron and steel work— the Risdon has con
tributed to the most important recent
building operations of San Francisco, no
tably the Union Depot, or f«rry building
and the Claus Spreckels building.
Mention should also be made of tha
Spreckels Sugar Companys plant at
Spreckels. Monterey County, California.
The main building is 582 by 103 feet, six
stories h|gh and contains over 3600 tons cf
structural steel.
Engine and Machine Work.
The last class, comprising
engine and machine work, contains many
diverse branches,, some, notably sugar
machinery and hydraulic machinery, be
ing almost of sufficient Importance and
magnitude to rank with the main groupo.
The former includes most of the machfrlL
ery used on the sugar plantations of tUW
Hawaiian Islands, consisting: of crushers
vacuum pans, filter presses, settling
tanks, etc., besides engines trash burn
ing boilers, pumps, water wheels, motors,
etc.
In hydraulic machinery ths Risdon is a
pioneer, having built the real prototype
of the modern tangential water wheel with
reaction buckets, frequently e^U-d the
Pelton type" water wheel. They have
built these extensively, for many years,
the later example being three 3000 horse
power water wheels, directly connected to
polyphase alternators for the Bay Coun
ties Power Company. Another important
branch Is that of hydraulic steel pipe
building, of which they are the most ex
tensive builders in the world.
The miscellaneous group is too exten
sive and diversified. to allow of specifying
more than a few types. For Instance.
Corliss engines, Risdon air compressors.
Heine ' safety ;watertube boilers, Smlth-
Vaile pumps, all sorts of Manufacturing
and special machinery, boil«r fixtures, all
kinds and sizes of valves, pneumatic and
hydraulic tools.